Brighten's Sister-in-Law. (PUBLISHED EY SPECIAL -ARRANGEMENT.) By HENRY LAWSON. ' m IM was born on Gul- "b gong, ; New South H Wales. We used to | say "on" Gulgong— H nr>rl r\4/1 dloxTPro qHII talked of being "on. . th' . G u 1 g o n g—. K though the gold- & field there had been (fa worked out. for years, and the place was/ "onljj; rtr'; dusty little pastoral -trfwn in the /-'scrub. Gulgong' was about the lash ', ..of'r . tlie great ' -alluvial ,f "rush es" 'J'ot v-tjie;..;- /'roaring days"— and dreary and 'dismal enfough it looked when I was therp; q.Tlie/ expression, "on"- came from being qty "''diggings" or goldfleld— the workings or the gdl'dfield was all underneath, of course, so we';-liyed;; (or -starved) on them— not In . jror riti'em... f . < i-Mary:' ani..I-liad been married about two years when Jiin' Came . . His'hame wasn't wjim," fby'the' way! It ' was "John Henry," afle'r 'tin uncle 'godfather;, but we called him Jim from ' th'P -.first— i(aud before It)— because Jlrri wap'a popular bush name, and most of my "old. mites'-were Jims. The ' bush Is full Of good-hearted scamps called Jim. 'We, ''lived Mii's an old" weather-bpard shanty that- had been- a' sly-grog-shop,, and. the Lord ltnbws' what 'else! In trie 'palmy days of GuN png; and1 I dld-a' bit ofdigglng ("fossick ing," rather),- a lilt of shearing, a bit of fen cing/ ;a, bit' of bush- carpentering, tank-sink ing— anything, just 'to keep the billy boiling. ' f We 'had:a lot of trouble with Jim with his he'et'h.. -HP was bad with every one of tlu-m, dhd we-'-fiad most of them lahced— couldn't pull him' through; 'without. I remember- we jgot onfe .lanced' arid the gum healed ove? be-- tore , tlje.- tbph' came through, and we had to get if cut again. - He. was a plucky little chap, and after the -first time he never whimpered ;when/ the doctor-, was .lancing his teeth; he usedf.tpj say "tar"' afterwards, and want to . bvlngjthe -lance home with him. i . 1 , 'h'e' rf5rst-.ttirli-"'tve -got" with - Jim was the worst.;. I had had the wife and Jim out camp-. . Ing with me' ln a tent at a dam I was making at.Gattie Creek; Ivha'd t\to '.men working/for . and a; b6yL To -drive one of the tlp-'drays, and i; took Mary 'put. to cook for us. And It was, lucky for- us' that the contract was finished, and wp'got back to. Gulgong, and within reach' of 'a doctor, the night we did. iWe were, Just-camping In the house, with our gfods and/chattels anyhow, for the night; and we were' hardly' back home an hour when Jim took- convulsions for the first time.. ;Dtd you- ever see a child In convulsions? STou" wouldni-t " trtint to see It again; It plays the devil , with a man's nerves. I'd got the beds, fixed up on. the. floor, and the billies on the flrer-I was going to make some tea, and put a piece of corned beef on to boll over night —when Jim (he'd been queer all day, and his mother was trying to hush him to sleep)— Jim lie screamed out twice. , He'd been crying a good .deal, .and I was dog-tired and worried iover some money- a man owed me) or I'd have noticed ,at once that there was something unusual in the way ithe child cried, out; as It was I dldn't'turn round till Mary screamed, "Joe! Joe!'"; You know, how a woman cries o.ut when her child, is in danger or dying — short/ and sharp, and terrible. . "Joe! Look1, ibok! Oh. my God!., Our -child! Get the bath; quick! qutek! it's convulsions!" Jim was,.bent. back like a bow, stiff as a bullock-yoke, ' in Ills mother's arms, and . his cyebajls were, turned up and fixed— a thing I sw twice afterwards, and don't wan-t ever to see again; , I was falling, .over things getting the tub and hot writer, .when ilhe woman who lived next door rushed in. She called her husband to .run for a doctor, and before, the .doctor came she and Mary had got Jim Into a. hot bath, apd pulled him -through. - :,The neighbour woman made me . up a Vahakc-down" .In another room, and stayed with Mary that night;. but It was a long while before I got Jim and Mary's screams out of fny head,- and fell asleep. You , may' depend I kept the fire In, and a bucket of water hot over It, for a good many flights after that;- but (it always happens like fthhi) there come a night (when-the fright had Worn off) when I was too tired to bother about a fire, and that night Jim took us, by surprise. Our wood-heap was done, and I broke up a new.chair to gfet.'a fire, and had to run a quar ter of. a mild for, water; but this turn wasn't ao bttd as itiie first, and we pulled him' through. ,-Yop never saw a child In convulsions? Well, you don't want to. It must be only a matter of . BQConds, but it seems long minutes; and half an hour afterwards the child might be laughing and playing with you, or stretched out.dead. It shook me up a lot. I was al ways, pretty, high-strung and -sensitive. After Jim took the flrBt fit. every time he cried, or turned, over, or stretched out In the. night, I'd jump;. I was always feeling his forehead in the dork to see If hp was fever.ish, or fueling his Jlmbs to see If.hb was "limp" yet. Mary and J. .often laughed' about it— (afterwards). I tried, sleeping hi another room, but for nights after Jim's first/attack I'd be just-dozing oft In .a- pound sloop, when . I'd hear him scream, -as plain as could bo, prid'Mary cry, "Joel— Joe! — phor t, sharp, ;ahd terrible— and I'd be up and Into ithelr roorii like a shot, only to find thorp Bleeping peacefully. Then I'd feel Jim's head and. his breathings /for signs of convulsions. Bee. to ,the.flre;and writer, and go back to. bed. and try to sleep. " For the first few nights I Waa Illie .thai' all. nlgclit, -and, I'd feel relieved When dnyllglrt camc. I'd be th first thing to see if ithey were all righlt; then I'd sleep till dlnijpr-'tinte It It was Sunday, or I had no WOjrk. .l')But..t,lipnii was run down about. that . tlinc; I was worried about some money for a Sv-aol.shcfl.I -put up ami never got paid for; Orrd, besides. I'd'.been pretty wild before I met Mary. -v. . , was fighting '/hard - then— struggling for 'Something /hotter. Botii Mary and I. were torn to, .bet-tor things! and that's what made tlie life, rio hard fprus.- ., Jim got on all right for a while; we used .tq ivutqli.hlra well, and have -his teeth lanced In tUiie..; H used to liiirt and worry me to see how— J, list ns' iie was: getting, fat nnd rosy and like a naairai happy chiid, and I'd feel proud to Willi iiim but— a tooth would come along, and he.VI get. \lilu and white and pale and blgger- tyctl arid. old-fashlonSd. We'd say, "He'll ba e»Ce wh.en 'he g'eta'hlo eye-iteejh;" but be didn't get them till he was two; iheri,"'''He,ll be safe when he gets'his'two- year-old'teeth;" they didn't come- till- he was going, on for- three. ' He was a w.ondarful -little chap; yes, I know ajl labout parejiits thinking ithat their child Is the/best In the world; If your boy ispniall for his! age; friends. will say that small children rnqke big men; that he's a very bright, intelll- . Befit child;, anil that' It's better -to have a bright lnltelligent child, than a big, sleepy, lump of fat.- And If your boy la dull rind ; sleepy, .they say that the dullest boys/make', the cleverest men— arid all ithe rest of It. I never took any notice of that sort of clatiter — took lt fqr what It was worth; but,, all the same, I don't think I ever saw such a child as Jim Was when, he turned. "two,. ..He was .every-., body's favourite. . ' They spoilt him raither. I ' h'riii'my own ldeas about bringing. up a child.. I reckoned Mary was too soft with Jim. She'd say, ' "Put that" (whatever It was) "out of Jim's reach, .will you, Joe?" and l'd.say, ' ' No ! leave It there, and make' him understand he's not to. have it. Make him have tils meals without any nonsense-,' and go to' bed at a regular hour," I'd say. Mary and I had many a breeze over- Jim. . She'd say that' I forgot he. was only a baby; but I held 'that .a/.baby could be trained from the first week; arid 1 be- llcve'I.was right. But, after all, what are you to do? You'll see a boy that was brought up strict, turn out a scamp; and another that was dragged, up auyhow (by the hair of the head, as the .say ing was) turn out well. Then, again, when a chlld'is delicate— and you might lose him any day— :you don'it like to spank him, 'though he he might be turning out a little fiend, as deli cate children often do. Suppose you gave a. child a hammering, and the same night. he took "convulsions', or something, ' and. died — how'cl you feel about It? ... You never know! What a child is going to take, any more than : you can tell what some sort of women are go- . ing to say or do. I was very fond_ of Jim, and we were great! chums. Sometimes I'd sit and -wonder what! the deuce 'he was thinking about, and often.' the. way he talked, he'd make me uneasy.' "When he was two he wanted a pipe above all things, .and I'd get him a clean new clay and he'd sit/by my side, on the edge of the veran dah, or/on a: log of the wood-heap! in the cool of the evening, and suck away at his pipe, and try to spit when he saw me do It. ' He seemed to understand that a cold empty pipe wasn't quite the thing, yet to have the sense to know that he couldn't smqke tobacco yet: he made, the best he could of things. Arid if he broke a clay pipe he wouldn't have a new one, and ;there'd.be a row; the old one had to be mend ed up, somehow, with string or wire. . If I got my hair cut, he'd want his cut too; and It al ways troubled him to see me shavq— as If he thought there must be something wrong some where, else he ought to have to be shave.d too. I lathered him one day,, and pretended to shave him; he sat through it as solemn as an owl, but didn't seem to appreciate it— perhaps he had sense enough to kuow that it couldn't poss'bly be the real thing. He felt his face, looked very bard at the lather; I scraped off, and whimpered, "No blood, daddy!" I used to cut myself a good deal; I was al ways Impatient over shaving. ' Then he went In to Interview ills mother about it. She understood his lingo better than I did. '. But I wasn't always at ease with him. Some times he'd sit looking Into the fire, with his head on one side, and I'd watch him and won der what he was thinking about (I might as well have wondered what a Chinaman was thinking about) till he seemed at least 20 years Older than me; sometimes, when I riioved or spoke, he'd glance round just as if to see what that old fool of a dadda of his was doing now. I used to have a fancy that there was some thing Eastern, or Asiatic— something older than our civilisation or religion— about old- fashioned children. Once I started to explain my Idea to a woman I thought would under stand — arid as it happened she had an old- fashioned child, with very slant eyes— a little tartar he was too. I suppose it was the sight of him that unconsciously reminded me of my infernal theory, and set me off on It, without warning me. Anyhow, It got me mixed up In an awful row with the woman and her hus band— and all their tribe. It wasn't an eaBy thing to explain myself out of It, and the row hasn't been fixed up yet. I took a good-size fencing contract, the frontage of a ten-mile paddock, 'near Gulgong, and did well out of It. The rallway'had got as far as the Cudgee'gong River— some 20 miles from Gulgong and 200 from the coast— and "carrying" was good then. I had a cou ple of draught-horses, that I worked In the tip- drays when I was tnnk-slnking and one or two others running in the bush. I bought a bro ken-down waggon cheap tinkered tt up my- self— christened It "The Same Old Thing"— and started carrying from the railway termi nus through Gulgong and along the bush roads and tracks that branched out fanlike through the scrubs to the one-pub. townB and sheep and cattle statloris out there In the howling wilderness. It wasn't much of a team. There were the two heavy horses for "shatters"; a stunted colt, that I'd bought out of the pound for 30s; a light, spring-cart horse; an old grey mare, with points like a trig red-and-white Australian store bullock, and )vlth the grit of an old washerwoman to work; and a horse that had spanked along in Cobb and Co.'s mail-coach In his time.. I had a couple there that dldrit'belong to me; I worked'them for the feeding of them in' the dry weather. And I had all sorts of harness, that I mended and fixed up myself, It was a' mixed team, but I took light stuff, got through pretty quick, and ftelght rateB were high. So I got along. Before this, whenever I made a few. pounds I'd sink a shaft somewhere, prospecting, for gold; but Mary never let'nie.rest tlll-she talked me out' of -that.. ' > , >' I made up my mind to take on a small "se lection" -farm— that an old mate of mine had fenced in and cleared, and afterwards -''ehuck ed up"— about -30 miles out west of Gulgong,' at a place called Lahcy's Creek. (The places were all' called Lahey's Creek, or Splcer's Flat; or Murphy's Flat, or Ryari's Crossing, or some such uame— round there.) I reckoned I'd have a run for the horses nnd be able to grow a bit of feed. I always had a dread of taking Mary and the children too far away from a doctor— or a good woman neighbour;, but there woto some people came to live on Lahey's Croelc, and besides there was a young bro ther of Mary's— a young scamp (hlB name Was , Jim, too, by the way, and we called him "Jim-- my" to7 make room for our Jln?-he hated the name "Jimmy" or James). He came to live with lis— without asking— and I thought' he'd j find enough work at Lahey's Creek to keep him out of mischief.' He wasn't to he depend ed on , much— he thought nothing of riding off GOO miles or so, ''to have a look at the country", — but he was foud of Mary, and he'd stay by her till I got some one else to keep her com pany while I was on the road. He would be a protection against "sundowners" or npy shearers who happened to wander that' way/ In the "D.T.'s" after a spree. Ma/y had a. mar ried sister come to. live at .Gulgong just .before we left, and nothing would suit her and her husband but we iriust leave little Jim with thom for a month or so— till we-got. settled down at "Lahey'S"Creek: — They wore'ivewlfc married. ,, . . Mary was to have driven Into Gulgong," in the sprlng-eart, at the end of the month and taken Jim home; but when the time came rih wasn't too well— and, besides, the tyres of ;the cart were loose, arid I hadn't time to get them cut, so we let Jim's time run on a- week or- so. longer, till I Happened to come out throbgh Gulgong from "the river with a small load<of flour for Lahey's 'Creek way.- 'The roads were good, the weather grand — no chance of It rain ing, and I had a spare tarpaulin. If It .did— I would only camp out one night; so I deolded to take Jim home with me. . ; ' Jim was turning three then, and he was; a cure.' He was so old-fashioned that he used to frighten 'me sometiriies— I'd .almost think that there Was 'something supernatural about hlrri; 'though, of course, I -never'took any no-, tice of! that 'rot about some children being too old- fashioned to live. There's always the ghoulish old hag (and-some not so old nor hag gish either) who'll come' round" and shake up. young ' parents with such croaks as, "You'll- never; rear that -child— he's too bright for his age." To the devil with them! I say. ' But I really thought that Jim was to intei llgent. for his age, and I often told Mary that he ought to be kept back, and not ,!& -talk' loo . mucli to old diggers aind long lanky jokers of bushnieri, .who 'rode in aind' hung their ''horses outside my piace on Sunday afternoons.-."' ' I don't believe In parents talklng ribbut their own : children everlastingly— y'du get 'sick , of; hearing tliem; and their kids are geherriliy'!|it--' tie devils! and turn out lferrlkl-ris ' as likeiy.;as not. . But, fbr all that, I really think tha't jlm, when he lyas three years, old, was tlie liripst ! wonderful little chap, in every way, .that I; oversaw.,, !,'!' . . . ''j'.'.'","' ! For the first hour or so, along, the roa'd. iliei was telllngme all about his adventures at . iils ( auntie's.- . : . ! ,V i'.; ','But they.spoIlt me too much, djid'," he said,- j ;as solemn as.a!, native bear. ; ; "An' besides, a; .boy ought to, stick to his parrams!" (parents).; i I was taking out a cattle-pup, for a dfoyeri I knew, and the fiup took up a good dealTbV jim'B tlhie. : Sometimes he'd jolt me, the way he talked; and other times I'd have. to turn away my. head and cough, or shout at the horses, to keep - from laughing outright. 'Arid once, when I was taken that way,- he said:— "What are you Jerking your shoulders, and; coughing, and grunting, and going- on .that' way for, dad? Why don't you tell. me some-; thing?" ; i , . ; '"Tell you'what, Jim?" ; "'Tell- me some -talk." So I told him- all the talk I could think of.- And I had to brighten up, I can tell you, j and not draw too much on my Imagination— for Jim was a terror at ' cross-examination' wiie|t the -fit took "him; and -he didn't think twice- about telling you when he thought you were talking nonsense.. Once he said — . -."I'm glad you- took me home with you; dad.; You'll get to know Jim." - "What!" I said. > ' ! "You'll get to know Jim." ' "But don't I know you already?" - : "No, you don't.- You never has tlms to. know Jim at home." And, looking back, I saw that It was cruel true. I had knpwn In' my heart -all along that this was the truth; but It came to me like a blow from Jim. ' You see, it had been a hard struggle for the last year or so; and when I was home for a day or two I was generally too busy, or too tired and worried, or full of> schemes for the future, to take much notice of Jim. Mary used: to speak to pie about it some-; times. "You -never take' notice of the child,"; she'd say. "You could surely find a few ml-; nutes of an evening. What's the use of al ways worrying and brooding? Your brain will go with a snap some day, and; If you get over It, it will teach you a lesson., You'll be 'an old man, and Jim a young one,' before you. realise that you had a child once, Then It will be too late." t This sort of talk from Mary always bored me, and made me Impatient with her, because I knew It all too well. I never worried for myself— only Mary and the children. Andtl often, as the days went by, said to myself;' "I'll take more notice of Jim and give Mary, more of my time, Just as soon as I can see things clear ahead a bit," And the hard days went on, and the weeks, and the months, and, the years . Ah, well! Mary used to say, when things would get; worse, "Why don't you talk to me, Joe? Why' don't you tell me your thoughts, Instead- of shutting yourself up In yourself, and brooding —eating your heart out? It's hard for irie; ; I get to think you're tired of me, and selfish. I might be cross, and spep'k sharp to you when you are in trouble. How am I to know, if you don't tell me?" ; But I didn't think she'd understand. \- And so, getting acquainted, and chymming, and dozing, with the gums closing, over -our heads here and thgre, and the ragged patches .of sunlight and shade passing up, over the horses, over us, onf the front of the load, over the load, 'and down on, to the white, duBty road again— Jim and I got along the lonely bush road and -over jhei. ridges, Bome fifteen miles (we'd started late), before sunset, and camped at Ryan's Crossing on- Sundy Creek for the night, t got the horses out, and took the harness ' off. Jim wanted badly to help me, but imade him stay on the load; for one of the horses— a vicious, red-eyed cltieatnut— waB a kicker; he'd broken a man's leg. I got tho feed-bags stretched across the shafts, and the chaff-and-corn Into them; and there stood tlie horses all round, with their rumps north, south, and west, nnd their heads between the shafts, munching, and' switching their tails. We use double shafts, you know, for liorse- tcams— two pairs side by side— and prop them up, and stretdh the bags, between them, letting the bagB sag, to Berve as feed-boxes. I threw the spare tarpaulin over th wheels on one side, letting about half of it lie on the ground I In case of damp, and so making a floor and a break-wind. "I threw down' brigs and the blankets and 'possum. rug against the wheel to make a camp for Jim and the cattle-pup, and fcot a gln-cnse wo used for a tucker-box, the 'frying-pan' and.; billy." down, and made a good fire at a log close handy, and soon every thing was comfortable! Ryan's Crossing was it grand camp. I stood. with my pipe In my mouth, my hands behind my back, and my back to tlie fire, ' arid t'ook tlie country in. " . Reedy Creek came down along a westbrri spur of the range; : trie banks here were deep 'rtn'd gfeen, arid trie' water 'ran 'clear over the granite .-bar's, . boulders, and gravel. Behind us vras- a greary flat covered ; iy;Itli 'tttose. gnarled, i grey-bqrlced, dry-rotted "native ap ple-trees" (about as '.much like 'ap ple-trees as the natlv'e bear Is like any other),', anii a-nasty bit of. sand i)risty "road :"thatT wis always glad to get over In wet weather... To the left on-ojtr rild«"of,'the'.treek were 'reedy marshes, with frogs croalcing. and across :the creek the dark box-5crub-c0vered',Tldges (en- .ded In steep' "sidings" - coming idowri Hto,1 the creek-bank, arid to' trie 'main, road that skir-; ted tliem, runriing.on west. up over.a. ''saddle". In the ridges and on towards Dubbo. The road by Lahey's Creek to a" place called Cobborah branched off, through dreary .npplertree and Stringy bark; fiats, t'o the, left, !Juet beyond the crossing; ' all these fanlike branch, tracks' fi'oin'th'e (judgeegoiig were inslde'a big. horse- shop In the Great Western Line, and so they Save small carriers 'a' chance, now. I hat' Cobb and: Cb.'s coaches' and the big' teams! arid vans had 'shifted' out of 'the main western' teririliius. Tliere were tall shei-oaks all along the creek, arid a clump of bigbnes over a deep waterhble Just albove the crossing. Trie'creelc oqks have, r.ougli barked' trunks, nice Bngllsli elms, but 'are much taller, and higher' to 'the brrinchesarid the leaves are reedy; ICendei; the Australian- poet, ' calls tliem the "slie-onk harps. 'Aeolian.", Those 'trees 'are always sigh- slgh-'sighirig— mbre of a sigh than a sough, or the. "whoosh" of gum-trees In the wind, fou "u'lWays"';hear' them sighing, even when you, can'.t feeel any w.lnd. . It's the' same with' telegraph wires; put your head' against1- a (eicgrapli-post;on a dead, still' day, nrid-'you'lj ieaf ancV feel the far-away roar of the wires. But then the'oaks arejio't connected with the distance,- ivhiere' there', riilgrit' be ' wlrid; anil they dori't. roar In a gaie, 'only sigh louder and softer, accoVding to tlie:wlri'd,-'a"nd never seem to go above nor below'a certain pitch— like a big, harp..- with' all the strings; the same. ' I used to, 'have a theory that those creek oaks got the .wrird's voice' telephoned lb -them, so- to' sperik; through' the ground. " ' ''r'.happenfcd'to "look down,' and there was Jim ,(I thought he was on the tarpaulin, play ing witlvtlie.pup)'; he' was 'standing close- be side me with hts legs' wide apart, his hands behind his back, and his back-to' the fire. " ''He held riis: head little on one side, arid there was auch au old, old wise expression In liis'riirbrgWea-ustaBifh'e'd been a child i&Va; 'ri'riri'flred' liarSBf sd; or: ris"triarigh he 'were 'listening to those oaks ahd understand ing them' lh a fatridrly sort of way.: !;""Dadl"- he - said - presently — "Dad!, do you think I'll ever grow up to be a man?" "' "Wh— why, :Jlm?" I gasped. "Because I doritt want to." I Couldn't think of anything against this. It : made me uneasy. said, to. break the silence, "do, you h«ar:what tlie she-baks say?"- - "No, I don't. Is they talking?" ''"Yes;" I said,- without thinking. , "What . Is they saying?" , -I: scratched my -head hard, and took, the riucket.and went down to the creek for Some! water .for tea. I thought Jim would follow hvlth 'a little' tin billy he had/ but he didn't; iwhen I got back to the fire' he was again on thei'possum rug, comforting the pup. I fried some bacon and eggs that I'd brought "Out with me. Jim .sang out from the waggon — (."Don't cook too much, dad— I mightn't be hungry.!' I. got the tin plates and pint-pots and things out on a clean new flour-bag, in hon our of Jim, and dished up. He was . leaning back on. the rug looking at the pup in a list less sort of -way. , I reckoned, hq. was . tired .out; and. -pulled the gin-case up :close . to him for, a table and. put his plate on it. But he fifly tried a mouthful- or two, and then 1/e r.»- . C-iJ ain't hungry, .dad! You'll have to eat It !_ I ;, made ine uneasy— Ir'riever liked to' see a i iild of .mine turn from his food. They had driven him some tinned salmon , in Gulgong, and I.. was afraid that was upsettng. him, I was always against tinned muck. . '.'Sick, Jim?" I asked. "No, dad, I ain't sick; I don't know what's' the matter with me." ..."Have some tea, sonny?" . .-"Yes, dad." . I gave him some tea, with aome milk In It that I'd brought In a bottle from bis aunt's for him. He took a sip or two and. then put the pint-pot on the gin-case. : "Jim's tired, dad," he said. . I made -him lie down ' while I fixed up a camp , for the night. . It had turned a bit chilly,, so I let the lug tarpaulin down all round— It was made to cover a' high load, the. flour In the waggon didn't come above the rail, so the tarpaulin came down well on to -the ground. I fixed Jim up a comfortable bed "under the tall-end of the waggon: when I .went to lift him In he was.lylng back, look ing up at the stars In a half-dreamy, half- fascinated way that I didn't like. Whenever 'Jim was extra old-fashioned, or affectionate, there was danger. . ','How do you feel now, sonny?" V; seemed a minute before he heard me and 't'j' ed from the stars. ' m's better, dad." Then he said some- t: , like, "The stars are looking at me." I ti -right he was half asleep. I took off his jacket and boots, and carried him In under the waggon and made him comfortable for the .niglit. "IClss me 'ntght-nlght, dadda," he said, .. I'd ..rather, lie hadn't . asked' me— it waB a bad sign. As I was going to the fire he called me back. ".What is' It, Jim?" . "Get me my things and . the cattle-pup,' please',, daddy." ! I was scared now. His things were some toys and rubbish he'd brought from Gulgong, and I remembered, the last time he had convul sions, he. took all his toys and a kitten to bqd -. with iilm. And " "nlght-nlght" and "daddy" were two-year-old- language, to Jim. I'd thought he'd forgotten those words— he seemed to be going back. ' "Are yqu. quite warm enough, Jim?" . "Yes, dad." I, started to walk up and down— I always Id .thls \yhen I was extra worried. I was frightened now about Jim, though I tried to hide'- trie' fact from ' myself. Pre sently he crilled nre a'gritn. " "What 1b It. Jim?" . . "Take , tlie blankets off rile, faliver— Jim's Blfck!" (They'd beeii teaohIrig. htm to say 'fa-' ther.). "Xr. : ; .' I was scared now, I l-emqmbered a neigh bour of ours had a little girl! died , (she swal lowed a- pin), and whenlshe- ivaslgolng she Said ; "Take the blankets off me,' riiuvver— I'm dyln'." And I couldn't get tt(at out of my head. I, "tlu-'ew /back a fold of -tlie ".'possum rug, jnndf felt Jriri's.'hcad-fhe seemed: cool, enough. ,!:i"V'risredp. you .fe.elriba'd.isqnpy?" . \- No. answer for a whilo:. then he, said su'd-', derily, but in a voice as If he were' talking In his sleep— — /'."Put rriy books boots) on, please! dndiiy, I '.want to go home- to muvyer!"/ f lield his lirind. nnd comforted, rilmi for q.; wl\lle; itliiln. he slept— In' a restless,'- feVerlsli! !scrt of: way. / .. : v . . ' I gpt. tlie bucket l uqed. for; writer., fur .the horses and stood tt over the fire; I ran to the creek- with- the big- kerosene-tin bucket, and got It full of cold water and stood- It handy.. I got the spade ( we'alwriyri oarrlcj: one to dig ' wheels, out of. -bogs In -wet weather), and. turned a corner ,of the tarpaulin fback, dug a hole, arid trod the-'tariiaultn ,do\va Into, tho, hole,' -to. serve for/a bath! , Incase of. the jv.prst. I had .a. tin. of , mustard,; a"'1 to fight a good round for Jim, if death came, along, j . .. - i I f.loLpeii In:under.'he,tnllb.>ard of trie wag gon ririil felt jjm. His head was burn lug lict, and hls.skin pnreried and.dry q.3 n. bone. . Then . I lost nervo - and started, blundering' backward and forward botwqen the waggon and .the. fire,, and/ repeating, what -I'd heard Mary say the last time wo fought. for Jim:, VGodl don't take my child!- -God!, don't take my -boy." I'd never had much, fqlih In doe- tors, but, my God! I .wanted one then. The nearest- wis fifteon milea awuy. ; - ... I trircw back niy head anil stared, up, at the .branches, In desperation and— Wplj,/1 don't ask yo.u. to -take much stoqlc in -this,; though rncst old. buslimoii .will believe any.tiiin!: of the bush at night; and— Jlqw, it riilglit.hava been "that I" was oii' unstrung,., oy' it .might have -bpen a. ..patch, of,, sky, outlined ,tn the., gently moving, '.branches, o)' the .blue smoke rising, up. But I saw the figure of a womnn. all white, come down', down! nearly to .the, limbs of., the , trees,, pplnt . on up ..tlie . main , road,., nnd then r float . up and!up,and vanish, ,'stUl. pointing. Z I frioughl Mary wris dead. ' Then ,lt llaslie.d oil hie — — Four of five miles up .trie, road,, oyer the "saddle," was an pld shanty, that had been a half-way inn before tliq Great '.Western Line . get. ropnd, as far as. Dubbo and took tlie coach traffic off. those old bush roads. , A /man named Brighten lived there. "He wap a selector; did. a little, farming, and. as much- sly-grog selling, as, he, could. .YHe was mar- 'rlod— but.lt. wrisnlt ttl,iat; I'd tliought of tliem, biit .she wub a childish,, worri-iout,', Bpirltlpsii Woman, and both were pretty "rat,ty" from hardship and loneliness— tliey weren't likely to be: of any use to me. But It was this; I'd heard talk, among some .women In Gu'- gong,' of a sister of, Brighten's wife' whofd gone out to live with tliem lately; she'd been a! hospital matron' in the city. they said; rind tliore. were yarns ribout her. . Some said she got the sack for exposing the ' doctors— or carrying on with 'them— I didn't remember which. -The fact of a city womriif going out to live In such a place, with such people, was enough to make talk among women In ti town twenty miles away, but then there must have been somcthlrig extra about her, else bushmeri wouldn't have talked /arid' carried her name so far; anil I wanted ri woman out of the ordinary now.' I even reasoned this wqy, thinking like lightning, as' I knelt over Jim between the big brick wheels of the wtig- gon. ' ' ' ' I had an old rnciiib mare that I used as a riding hack following the team.:- In a mi nute I had her snddled' and bridled; Ltiod the . end of a half-full cririff-bag, shook' .trie chaff Into each end and dumped It -on to the - pum mel as a oushlon'or'b'uffqr'for Jim; I wrapped him In a blanket, and scrambled Into the Bad- die with him. ' ' , i The next minute we were stumbling down the steep bank, clattering anil splashing over tlie "crossing, and 'struggling up the' opposite bank to the level. The mare, as I told you, was an old racer, hut ' broken-winded— shq , 'must' llave run without Wind aftrir'; the first half-mile, She had trie old racing Instinct In hor strong, and whenever I rode tncoinpany I'd have .to pull her 'hard else -she'd' race "the other hone or burst;- She ran' low fSro and aft, and was the easiest horse I ever rode. She ran like wheels on rails! with'.'a'bit of a tremble now and then— like a railway car riage — when she settled down to It.:;" . The chaff-bag had /slipped off, in' the cr«ek I suppose, and, 1 lot' the bridle rein go, arid held Jim up to me llriri i baby the wriole way. Let the strongest rirfnn,; who isn't used to It, riold a baby In one position for five , minutes— and Jim wris fairly iieaVy. -But I never felt the ache In my arms - that night— It. must have gone before I was in a lit state of 'mind to feel It. And at home I'd. of ten growled about being asked to hold the baby for a few minutes. I could never brood ' comfortably and nurse a baby at trie' same time! It was a ghostly moonlight! night. .There's' no tim ber In the world; so ghostly as the 'Australian bush In moonlight— or "Jjist about 'daybreak. The all-shaped patches of moohl.iglit failing between ragged, twisted boughs; the'ghostly blue- while bark of the "white-box"' tfees; a dead naked white ring-barked tree',1 or dead while stump starting out' here' and/there, and the ragged patches of shade and. light on the road that made nnything, from the.'shapc of a spotted bullock to a naked corpse laid out sturk. Roads and tracks through the bush made by moonlight— every one ' seeming straigliter and cloarei- than the renl'one: you have to trust to your liorse then. Sometimes the naked white trunk of a red stringy bark- trce, where a sheet of bark had been taken off, would start out/like a ghost from the dark bush.. And dew or frost glistening on these things, according to the season. Now and again great, grey kangaroos, that had been feeding on a green patch down. by the road, would start with a "thump-thump," and away up the siding. The bush seemed full of ghosts that night — all going my way— and being left behind by the mare. Once I stopped to look at Jim: I Just sat back' and the mare "propped"— she'd been a stock- horse, too, arid used to "cutting-out." I folt. Jim'B hands and fore- ricrid; he was in a burning fever. I bent forward, and the old mare settled .down to it rig&ln.; I kept Baying out loud— and Mary and me often laughed ribout It (afterwards): "He's limp yet!— Jim's limp yl'' (trie words soemod jerked out' of mo by ' sheer 'fright)— "He's linip yeti;' till trie maVe's fqet took It up. Then, Just wlien I tliought el;e. was do- Ihg'lior'bosf 'rind rriolrig' hov hardest, she; sud denly/started forward, like ri cable tram, gild ing,! along its owrijriiid the plpputsori suddenly It was Just what she'd do whotrl'd be riding iilcnc-, rind a strange! liorBo drew up from be hind—the old racing Instluct,' I Colt the tiling, too! I felt as If a sirriiigo liorse was there! And then— tho words just/lorried out of riie by sricer funk— I started saying, "Death -is tiding to-night! . . ... Dentil Is racing to night! : . . Death Is/riding Jto-nlghtl" "till the 'hoofs took tht ,upv '.And.I bfciieve the oid. mare felt the blrick riors'e at!her! Side, 'arid was going- to tit ,rit)n;or,/bronlc? her licnrt. . "! ... .'/ '! . ; ....... I don't know how she got up . the, . last ."plreh."... (Shq niust liaxq sickened pace; but ij riover jiotlced jt: I- just held Jim up to me and 'gripped the sridiilc wlth-'niy kiiM8-fl rb- lnomberitlie saddle Jerked from the desiierate JunipB of her till . I tlVdugWtotlie' girth would . go. We topped the gap, and were going 'down Into , a .gully., thpy : called.;. Dead Man's HoUW, nnd ..thqre, nt ,1110 linck. of a. ghostly, eleai'lrig that opened: from the road where there were some blncRisoll spring's,." was-' a: long, iow, oblong ivcntlicrbuard-iiml-slilngie building, .with .blind, broken . windows in the ; gable-ends, ' end a- wide steep vorrindnri ' rpof slanting dowu nlmost to.tho level:oC„llie.wlii:1 ! dow-sllls— there wns something sinister about !lt, I (thought— like the hat of , a gnot-blrd slouched over tils eyes. The plnco looked deserted, nnd haunted, j I -saw no -fight; but , that was because of the moonlight outstdo. The mare' turned In at" trie" bonier "of "the clearing tc lake a short cut to the shanty, and,, as she struggled across some marshy., ground, my heart kept Jerking out the - wol ds,' "it's deserted! They've- gone nwuy! 11'b denert-1 edl" Tho, mare wont round to tho bad: nnd .pulled up bctwucn tho buck duor aurt;.i M: bark-aiul- slub kitchen. Some one slioutcil from inside— ; ".Who's1, thbro?.".' !i i: , - "It's me. Joe -Wilson. '. I want your sister- in-law— I've got .the boy— he's sick urid dy ing!" «., . - -v . : ji w. - 'Brighten -'cnnia-' out# pulling'-up 'his mole skins. "What boy?'.' lib asked.l -'> /"Here, tnko iiim," I shouted,' "arid let' me get down."-.. !;> ,:v;. i >;< '"What's the matter Willi -lilm?"- asked Brighten, nnd ho eeemcd to hang back. Arid just as 1/ made to got niy ltg'over llio saddle; Jim's head went brick over'iriy nnri, lio'Htlf- fcried, and 1 saw tits' oyo-feiHs turned up arid 'glistening In tlie moonlight; '!'' " ' 1 1 ' I folt cold all over tlicriV-aiul sick in tlie stomach — but clear- lieudod In a way; strange! wasn't it? I don't know why ; I didn't get down and rueli lnto;the:kltolieri to get 'ri batli ready. . I only folt as it tho worst had come, and I'wlslied it were over and gone! ' I even- thought of Mary and ilie 'funeral. .' Then ia, -woman m'li out of the Iiouho— a big, hard-looking woman. She lind on a wrapper of -some sort, and her feet were bsre. She laid her. hand on Jim, lnukod at his face, rind then snatched him from me and run Into tiie- kltchen— and me down and after ' her. As great good luck would linvp it, llioy had some dirty olothos on to boll In a kerosene tin— dlsli- olotli'es or something, Brighten's sister-in-law "dragged a tub out from undel- the tnblo, wroiielied the bucket off tlie lioOk, and dumped in tlio water, dish- cloUies and all, snatched a cair of bold water from a corner, dashed' that in, arid folt' the water with; her hand— holding Jim up to libr hip all the time— and I won't- suy-liow ho look ed. She stood 'him' in tli-o tub arid staited dashing water over him, terirlng off his clothes between ith'o splashes, ' "Here,, ithat tin of mustard— there : on trie slieif 1": she shouted to me. .' : She knocked the lid off the tin on the edge cf illie tub, and went on splushing rind' spank- lug Jim. ' - It seemed an eternity— nnd I? "Why, I noyer thought clearer In my life. I felt cold blooded— I felt as If -I'd like an 'excuse to go outside till. It was all over, " I eveiv thought of Mary and the funeral— rind wishod triat'wiis over. . All this in a Hush, rid It were. I felt that it would be a great reller, rind only wish ed. the funeral was months- past. 1 I felt- well, altogether selfish. 1 only thougrit of myself. ; ' ' ' ' ' : ;-r Brighten's sister-in-law splashed rind spaiik- ed him hard— hard eiiough to break hls'riack,' I thought, .arid— after, about' half an hour it seemed— the 'end came; ' Jihi's limbs relaxed; ho Bllppod down Into the tub, rind the pupils of his eyes' came 'down,; Th'ey seenied d ull riiid ex pressionless,' like the eyes of a new baby, but he was back for the world again.' ' I dropped on the stool by .the trible. 1 - 1 "It's' all right," 'she said.' '"it's "all over now. ; I wusn't going to let him die." l wub only thinking, "Well; It's over now; but !t will come ou again. I wish It was all over for good. I'm tired of it." ' She called to her 'sister, Mrs! Brighten, n washed-out-, helpless, little fooi of a'wuman, who'd been rurinlng In nnd out rind whimper ing all the time— i "Here, Jessie! ' bring' the new' white- blanket off my bed. And you, Brighton; take some of that wood off the fire, arid stuff something in to thnt hole there io stop the draught." ' Brighten— he was a iiuggety little linlry man, with no expression to be seen for whiskers--- had been running In with sticks arid back logs from 'the wood- heap.' He took the wood out, stuffed up ithe cruck, and went inside and brought out a black bottle— got a cop from the Bhelf, and put both down near my elbow. Mrs. Brighten stanted to get some supper or breakfast, or whatever It was, ready. She iiitd a clerin'cloth,, arid sot tlie table tidily. I noticed 'that all the tins were polished bright (old coffee and mustard-tins, and ithe like, that they used instead of sugar-basins and tea-caddies rind salt-riellars), and the .kitchen was kept- ,as clean qs pos'pibl.e., phe was nil right at. little tilings. ' I knew !a liaggard, wqrked-out jiu'sh woman w, ho put her whole soul— or air' stie'd got 'lcft-i-lqto polishing old tins till they dazzled your eyes. I didn't feel, inclined for. corned beef nqd damper, and post-and-rail tea. So I sat and squinted,' when I 'thought she wasn'.t looking, at Brighton's slriter-in-iaw. Srie was a big woman, lier hands arid feet were big, but well- shaped, and'all in proportion— they fitted her. She was a handsome womnn— about forty, I should think. She had a square chin, and a straight, thln-llpped mouth— straight-, save for a hint of a turn-down at the corners, which I fancied (and I have strange funcles) had been u sign of weakness in the, days be fore she grew hard. There was no. sign of weiknees now. She had hard grey eyes and blue-black hair. ' ' She hadn't spoken yet. She didn't ask me how the boy took ill. or I got. " there, or who or what I was— at least not un- tit the next evening at 'tea-time. She Bat upright with Jim wrapped In ths.c blanket, and laid across tier knees, with one : hnnd under hts neck and the other laid Iichtly - on. him, : and she just rooked iiim gent I v. She sat looking hard and straight befora-.:; licr. Just ns I've seen a tired needlewoman sit . .with her work in her lap, and look nwnv back : Into the pnst. And Jim might have been the work In her lap, for; all she seemed Io think of him. Now and tiien she knitted her fore- 'riririd and blinked! " ' ' Suddenly she glanced round and said— in u; tone as if I wns her husband, and she didn't, think much of me-y , , "Why don'it. you qat something?'! j : \- "Beg pardon?:!.;.' : !' ' w-"Eat. something, I drank some tea,' rind sneaked another look ,nt. her. I-waB-boglnnlrig to feel more natural. and wanted Jim again, now that the colour- - wns coming back into hlB fnoc, niul didn't ... look like , an unnaturally stiff nnd starlne corpse. I felt a lump rising, and wanted lo : >t hunk her. I sneaked another look at lier. She wns staring straight before her— I never saw a woman's face change so sudden ly— I never saw n woman's eyes so haggard . u nd hopeless. Then her great chest heaved 'twice, I heard lior draw a long, shuddering breath like a knockcd-out horse, nnd two Bi'Ciit tenrs dropped, from her wide-open eyes do\vn hor cheeks llkeirain-drops on a lace of stone. And In the firelight they seemed ting ed with blood. " I looked awriy quick, feeling full up mysslf. And .presently (I hadn't' seen her look round) she snld— "Go to bod." :: "Beg pardon?" (Her face was tlie soma as before the tears). >' ."Go to bed. Thore'n arbed made for you In- side on .Alio sofa." -v \- "But— tlio team— I muBt — "tyiiqt?" "Thd'tenin. I left -It at the camp, . I must !' i.'i'kto it." phi Well,. Brighten, will rlilo down and i! in-lnjf it up in the morning— or send .tho halt-';?!, oiuiti'. :,.ny you' go to' bed, and get a'goodifi misi. Tlu- .-:oy. will bo all right. I'll see to'®: IHa't." ' '.,' '. . :B> 1 went, oik— I t was a relief to get out— and;/ I'lolMrt to the mare. Brighton )hrid;>! gel her , soin>- corn , ,and chaff in 'ri.'r'!" candlc-luix, bfit- sir- cinililri't ,.e,nt vol. ahqfi! Juat id mid or limn,' tenting one' 'ib. d -leg arid'?'; trieii the -other, witli ?;-r nine r>\ . ti:,> hox-..| apd she. sobbed. - I iriil my an ' rmiml' her--'; iiecic and 'my face 'down on her . i inripe!' .p nnd cried for. trie ace. MdV.ma -i o vas'-ii'. ' boy,. " . ' v/;! Ab I Btnrled to go in t hei\rd l: |q tor-lri-lnw Hiiy;>;sud'denly ami eh p " )"Tako that away; Jessie." v.W . 'And presently I' siiw Mrs. Brlri . go Inlo the h'ouqo with trio. black bottle. 1 | The moon had gpne behind th< \ nge eT Blriod far a riilriuto'.between tlie lit. ,te and'thlk'-: ' kitchen, and peeped; In through l 1 t hel window. ! She had moved- awriy from the Mi" and surf ; near tho table. ; She bent over Jli„ and held / him up close to heriand rocked lieic-h' to rind/ - fro. . I'wont to bed arid slept till the ir-xt ;u":e,'-i /-? noon. ; I woke Just In time to lion dh iii'U!,!/ end of, a conversqtibn between Jim n.-i liriqij.'S. / ten's sletcr-ln-iaw,-. Ho wns nskl-i; m r to our place andishe promising to i-mn'-. 'ity "And now, ". says Jim, "I want ' - ' in/ma -/ to Jmuffer' In 'The Same Ol' Fling. " i'What?" , . Jim repeated.' ; .//.V "Ohl 'The Same Old Thing,'— tin -xaa&iu.;'$£ The rest of .the afternoon I poked round tho - gullies with old Brighten, looking at some "111- dlcatlons" (of tho existence of gold) he had found. It was; no use trying to "pump" him concerning his sister-in-law; Brighton was an "old hand," and hail learned, in lltii old bush- ranging and cuttle-stealing days, to know. no thing about other people's business. Anil, by tlio way, I noticed then that tlio more you talic and listen lo a bad character tlie more you: lose your dislike for him: I never saw such a change in a womau'as in Brighton's sister- in-law that evening. She was brlglit nnd Jolly, and seemed at least 10 yorirs- younger. She bustled round and helped her slsier to get tcri Teaily. She rooted but soma old' ehlna that Mrs. Brighten hud stowed away, somewhere, and set the table as I sol-:' dom saw It sot out there. She propped .Tim up with pillows, and laughed ana played with him like a great girl. She described Sydney and Sydney, life as I'd never heard it described boforo;. and she know as much ubout tlie bush and old digging dnys as I did. Shu Ucpl old Brighten and mo listening and luughlng lilt nearly. midnight. And she seemed quick lo understand everything when 1 talked. If sho wanted to explain anything lliut we hadn't seen, she wouldn't say that It was "like a— '. like a"— and hesitate (you know what I menu); she'd hit the right thing on the heud at once. A- squatter with a very round, flaming red face . and a white cork hat had gone by tn the after noon; she said it was "like a mushroom on tlio rising moon." She gave me a lot of good hints about children. But she was quiet again next morning, r ; harnessed up, and she dressed Jim nnd gnvo ; htm his breakfast, and made n comfortable.! :; place for him on the load with the 'possum rug /; and'a spare pillow. She' got up on tlie wheel :';"! to do lt herself: Then was the awkward tlmo.'X! I'd half start to speak to her, and then turn-;,: away, and go fixing up round tho horses, and/ / then make another false sturt to say good-bye/! j At last sho took Jim up In. her arms nnd kissed;'' ) liirn, and lifted him on the wheel; but lie put; | his arms tight rour.d her nock, and kissed kor/i —a thing Jim seldom did with unybody. fix- r cept his mother, for he wusn't what you'd, call- un . nil ectlonato child — lic'd never more ' thqri'l . offer his cheekvto me, in his old-fashioned wuy. V I'd got up tho other side of the loud to take" hint from her. "Here, take him," Bhe said. ' . I saw his mouth twitching as I lifted him: , Jim seldom cried nowadaysi-no matter liow' V much he was hurt. I gained some time fixy/ ing Jim comfortable. . ! !' "You'd better make a start," she said. "You "'S want to get hdme early with that boy." ,. > I -got down and went round to where qbe1 stood. I held out my hand and tried to but my voice went like an ungrensed waggon N wheel, and I gave' It up, and 'only squeezed, her hand, . "That's all right," she snld; then tears carric - into .her eyes, and she suddenly' put hor huiid;; on' my shoulder and' kissed me on the cheek. "You be off — you're only a boy yourself. Take , care of that boy; be kind to your wife and take - cure of yourself." "Will you come to see us?" ':? "Someday." she said. . /' I. started the horses, and looked round/once'-, mora. She was looking up at Jim, who Was waving his hand to her from the top of the load.' And I saw that haggard, hungry, hope- , less look come Into her eyeB in sp)ic . of , the'./' tears. . „ , ' (The End.) '' ' „ < 