Intfie Face of Proof GHAPTKll XXVI II. An in a dream, lAilico heard the roranindor of Griurly's Btory. The one great fact of Maurico'a innoconco drove nil Icbboi* dolailn from lior mind, Sho lintoned, trying to fix her attention whilo tlio old lodfjokoopor recounted his ndvonturos after ho had found tlio body of Robert in tho Arches nud bud Hattsuod bimsolf that life wn» oxtiuct. ' I loft him thoro, dead, just nu ho stood, proppod up njjau t' woodon bridgo closo by t' river. I pot bnck to t' ontranco o1 t' Arches in quick timo, for I \taro inn mortal bad Htato with what I'd Boon. Thoro I waits, thinking over what to do noxt, when Mr. Maurico coDios in and passos in t' darkuosB without nocing mo.' ' Did you follow him P' askod l^olioo, ongorly. 'No, I didn't. Whoro would ha' boon t* good o' thatP I know t' man insido wore doad, and says to myuon ' a doad man. can't bo hurt, and can't hurfciinybody,' Well, aftor a littlo tiuio, Mr. Muurico oomos out again, Htill punning mo without Booing rno. ' Has ho soon t1 body ?' I says to mysolf. I was puz/.lod like, and tried to figure it all out i' my hoad. So 1 creopB in agon, and lighta my bit o' cnndlo nnd goes back to whoro I'd loft t* body o' Mr. Robort, and whon I gots'thoor danged if it wasn't gouo !' 'Gono?' il Kvorj traco on it. I couldn't toll root whathor it 'ud boon blown into t' water by t' wind or whothor Mr. Maurico ho'd shoved it in for t honour of t family, thinkin' another murdor miKlit bo bad for us credit liko if it war knovvu. It wur nouo o' my buBiuoss to quoBtion him, itn' I wur a bit Biok wi' what I'd Been in thnt foarsomo plaoo, bo 1 pot out o' it us fast ns my owd logs would curry mo. I got a cab to tak' mo baok to Stonoroyd, an! I boob MarcuBoroop through tp lodge gates soon aftor, droBBod a bit different from usual, an' Binkin' bo cIobo to tho shadow of t' hodgothat if I hadn't beon lookin' out double sharp I shouldn't ha' soon him. It weren't long attor that that I eocs you, mum, paseiu' out down to t' town, looking skoororl liko. I oould ha' savod you t' trouble, for I knowod you'd find nowt whon yo got thoro. Thon you coom baok an' risks mo, ' Has my husband passed through tho gates P' yoa says. ' No, nn' ho novor will,' I says, and you booked at rao ourious liko; but you »ayn tiowt, nor I didn't neither tlion nor later, If t' wrong man had beon acoused I'd ha' up tin' spoke, maybo, But you an' rao, mum, and t orow nor and fc' jury, wo mndo things all smooth an' onsy liko for Mr. Marcus who has tho dovil'B own luolc— bogginj your pardon, my lady. And I'd, ha' saidnovvti now, but fair'B fair — I've kept my part o' t' contract, and you muBt koop yours, If t' Fontous loavo Stonoroyd how am it to bo sure o' my braBB P A hundred a year is all vory fino, but I may bo fast for n shilling in a fow years' timo if my hundred a yoar is away in Dublin, or Frunoo, or Homo othor hoathun country. Stonoroy Biiits mo, and t' lodgo is comfortable, an' t' Foutoim suit mo — I'm used to thoir ways ; I'm too owd to talc' up wi' Btrangors. Putting all thingB togothor, ;ny ludy, I rookon you'd bettor bido whoro you aro. I don't wIbIi to turn against t' family, but fair'tt fair, And, as young Mrs. Robert hero hooiiib a just and honourable young woman, I thowt siio'd bolter hoar t' truth, an' gi' you, my lady, u bit o' good advice on t' Hiibjeiit. Hapiion you'll talk things over wi' Mr. MuraitH whilo I go around to t' kitohon for u drink o' wntorP Mil throat feels a bit raw aftor buoIi a Hpell o' talking, an' Louisa nho'11 do all tho talkin' thoor, an' gi' my tonguo a rost,' ' Felico,' uxclainied Jjady 'Fun ton, us booij us the sound of Mriorly's iootstopH uorosn tho hall died away, ' don't ju'lgu mo or my poor boy, Marcus, too harshly !'' ' I . judgo no one ! Who ani I that I should judge P' J'Vilico miid, c.uming and knuiiling by tho older wuiiiiin'u cliair. ' linl. why havo you let ofJiors hitar (lio lilamo whon you kinnv ho well who tlio real culprit wan all t!io timo?' ' If you marry and havo il son whom you lovo bi)l tor f I lit ii anything else in tho world, eliorii',' Maid I ho poor ludy, an ulio hIi'dIumI Felidn'ti mil't, diirk hnir, ' you will porliupn uiiderstand. l''ur nearly tliirl.y yimvn I liavo kept my mvu nocrnt. Thinlc ol' that, child ! Think what I linviuHiflHrml ! I low I linvnl'rarrd, and wiiloln.'d, and dritiuled, all tlioiu) yi'iu'H ; Muraiui wns Iho mohl, honuliTnl, tint ino^l brilliant child, dimi.innl, I lliouj.rht, to fulfil all my own uusufisfii'd aniliiMoiiH. When n hoy »f night ho wmh Iliidwn vinlnutly I'roiu m I'oslivo lioriii!. Jlin liln nnd roahon worn in lurn duspiiiriid of, hut idlur nioro Iliuu u yniu'.'u illnoss lii- whs jiioiioiini!i;d vvoll, Only I Know llmt Jin wiim mil Iho Haiuo, 'Chough still oxlniiji'diniii'y uluvi-r and liright, lio WliH (it Iiiik.'h subji.'c.t lo (loluHinuij, nud tho most falul of Iliniio was his huti'iid Uiv liiu /itojiliroljiur Jtobiict, who wan, as you Iomiw, huviui yuuj'u hl« iinior, MuriMiii J in h ahv/iyM Unpi n ilfnvy, mvl id whh by uliwlimiliug tlio kiiv nf Hm imk in whldi )io licnt lliiii bunk trmn hlu pooltut whilo ho |ilo)it (hut J leiinioi! Iww, fit tm- nuo of llflcnn, ho had jiliiinioil to poj«o» IjIh lii'odini1, tiiid two yimi'M lulur io H(nui|{lu ))im in Jtuiiilhon J'liik duel jig n w/illc lliay mm- Ut Imvo liildin logi)tlii)i'- Inillruutly, I |ol, Jiim Iuiimy llmt J uiispeutoii and w/ilolnid )j|m, iiut to mo Mui'DiiH Ihih nnvisi' bmm ulUuv (him you Imvo soon— gmitlo, U)inU», mul iliivolml, Jiiit l^iirH, IiIh \mAum-\wnrU)i\ uml ro|)roaoliful \troUmln ' movtul mi) (Jwply, but did nut tlii'ovv mi) olf j»y giiucd, My great aim wu« ulwuya to lieop my uudh iijdirt, lo pruvont ilio /iligbto»t diilor* ! enco between thorn. Hut Hobnrt wm hon*J. I strong mid ob*tinnto, nnd you know Iho ! ri!nnlt. Kvcry wonl of Oriorly'w utory (h tnio. Only Hio »ecno in tho Archcn mm new «o mo, nlthotitrh I kiimsocI Iho truth nnd felt con rincod llmt Mnrcux wrm tho j{tii||y ono, nnd that Mnurico hnd no hnnd in Iiih comin'ii mnrdiT. 1 hnd norcr warned Mnrcim ngAiiiHt Orierly, or Jut him know (lint our tnrriblo Bcort't wnn Hlmred by nuolhor. I drcadwl Iho effect of such nn arownl upon my poor, doomed buy. Wo tooilly avoided all wubjceU thnt could imiu him. Only nf(«r Nwl f J rlorly 'h murder did 1 openly ncciiKo my son Miii-cub of tho dwil. At llrnt, lio denied all knowlodgo of it i nnd, thon, kncoling at my fc«t in n. pnrox ism of remoitiofiil woeping, ho coufoRKod tlio crimu, nml declared thiil hu had been prompted by nti overmastering (ntpulno which ho could not rewiHt. ? Tho rar.or wn« put, into my ImikIh,' hu said; ? my oyos Bnw nothing but red, ah though tlio nir boforo mo hnd been turnod into blood, and tho vmrftn, ' Kill him ! kill him !' rnng in my enrs.' Miiroiu than im nlorcd mo to conlinuo with himalwayB—to bo his gnnrdian angol, and to wnrd oft hi» (itfl of terrible melancholy and fronr.iod rago. And that is what nil Uiobo yonri I hnvo Htrivcn to do. It hns boon an hnrd nnd nn anxiotiH tank,' Bnid Ludy Fontnn, rising from hor Bont and moving restlessly nbout tho room, ' nnd it Ims ] failed. But I Imvo dono my boat. I Imvo dono my bent.' I'olico's heart wan full of pity for hor; but tho young aro necessarily a littlo selfish, nnd long boforo hor mother-in-law bail finiBhod speaking Folico's thoughts woro far away in a littlo, shabby parlour in tho north of London. ' I mny toll Maurico, may I not P' sho said, at lout, softly, whilo sho pressed ono of Lndy Fenton's hands sympathetically botwooa hor own. Imdy Fonton started from a rovorio into which she had fallen. ' Maurico P Yes, yos, child ; toll him. Ho is ft good lad, and ho and you together almost mado Stonoroyd happy and liko othor houses. I know Maurico well. Ho is us tendor and pitiful as ho is Btrong and. manly. Ho will novor botray our misorablo Bocrot. Ho alono of all of thom hns novor givon mo a moment's uneasinosB. You do well to lovo him, nnd you will bo happy with him sorao day, as you dosoryo to bo. Why Bhould tho haunting shadows of this house fall upon him or upon you P You aro both of you mado to Hvo in sunlight. Kujoy it together whilo you can.' ' And you P 'I? Oh, I am a shadow living among shadows — a ghost of something that wasonoo beautiful and brilliant and bolovod, Tho Bim ight would shino through mo — I must livoin tho shndo,' Felice's tears fell fast on Lady Ponton'B hand as she pressed it against hor chook. ' And— ho P' Sho askod it almost in ft whispor, inclin ing her bead in tho direction of Marcus's study. ' Oh, ho will bo safo with mo, I think Now that Oh-iorly threatens, it may perhaps bo Bnfor to stay horo. Or olao wo must pay him a sum of monoy down. I must consult Marcus,' Lady Fonton said, with a weary sigh, aa sho crossed tho room toward tho door. Folico did not attempt to follow hor. Hor horror of Marcus was at that moment so intense that sho darod not truut horsolf in his proHenco. For his mother's snko, sho was bound to control hor footings, and sho could do this only by avoiding him, From tho drawing-room sho hoard Lady Fenton's taps against tho study door, and hor voico calling to her son, and ontrouting him to open it, Thou a pause camo. Lady Fonton must bo listening with her ear close .to tho door, Folico guossecl. A momont later old Griorly wns hastily, summoned from tho kitohon, from whouoo Louisa and Margaret camo hurrying, too, alarmod by something in thoiv misfcroHn'B tones. Folico heard tho strokes of a hammer — thud, thud — as it fell upon tho woodwork. Tromhlirig, sho advanced to tho drawing-room doorway, and saw tho frightened women grouped together, us Griorly 'b blows re sounded upon tho panels of the study door, which waH securely locked on tho inttido. It cracked, shivered, and gavo way at last, Through tho uporturo, nil who lookod could boo Marcus seated in his nrm ohair at his doHk, with hid head bunt forward, and liiB buck to the door. Ho Boomed anloop, but Folico know that tho oud had como oven boforo Lndy Fonton stoppod into tho room anil laid hor hnnd over his motionless honrt- ' Poor boy I My poor boy I' And, us if ho had been a child ngntn, sho' drow hor doad hbu's head against hor shoulder, rooking him to mid fro, whilo hIio toudorly Binoothed his hair with her fingers, '? Look, Folioo, and all of you, Ho will give no more trouble now. My boy is dead,' Jjiili liUlo more scandal eoiioerning Stone royd and Hu iiiinalos nuichod the ouiv) of tho dwellers in ('lofiohl. The news that Mr, MariMiii (iiluiori.1, Iho giinUo-inniiiiored and jiiioliiMil lildo ((liiilloiniui of woll-lcnown lilnniry I auto and ropiitiid ^nnius, son to Ijady l''enl.oii, -«f iSlonuroyd, ImiiI boon diunovored ilonil ill, his isliiilyliiljln fn/in nn ui.'oidoulal ovor-doHo of ohhiral, which ho hnd been in tlio haliil of lnliiii|.; for slonjiliiKiiiietis, did not leak (nit for homo (lays, nnd, wlii-u heard, wnu qiiitu disvoid of nlanliiitf delailii. All tluit night Ludy Knuldii sut up with her dead hod's diary, iiortions of whieli, ooii lii'iiuilory in oynry delail ol' (Irierly's ovl ileiiuii, hIh: laid in Fnliiio'u hands tlio jmxt inorniii|{'. 'Hhnw thom to Muuriiio,' h)io Hiiid, 'rind Ilinn destroy thnni,' Alremly, us onrly as tlio o/ll(i(i (ipoiind, II liiliJgi'iiiiliin inensu/.;o hud buwi d()H|)iil(j||od |»y lunly I'Diiton (o hue iirijjhovy, MhiiWoo, ut lilu iiddri.'HH in Hi, Mary'w Uruvo, 'J'lm tojwgr/ini wuh wmhtl ' 0, o, Mr«, \Vlinliili»y,' uml noon uffoi' ton Unit jiiocniiiK ?nn mmwnr iiiiinn, 'Mm, WlmUily liad o|j(iiiud dm dlHimdoli in hoc Jml(f»i''» nhmmiWf nml wlrml hh ttwwH i ??- 'Mr, Mnuvluu Mi for Mvuvwrnl yoHl^wlny. HohhIIh to Auwvlm on bmml Uio Onllln thin nftuMiniiij,' SVHhin HimrUivot un honvnf raji/lvliiff tliln nwumw) J'VIiok wiiw out «f tlio Ji»iimu himI «iii Ikh' my U- ihit HlniUm, hi rii, WwiUiloy liiul Hiiirt ' tlil» nUwHwu,' butJiinJ mil uumtHUni ihu Huw of tim Khip'ii walling, nud li'dlluu Hjmnt (hu jounioy in m\ llftimy Of MYVQUH HJJJ»'allOJI«iOH, IT MliU'Hl)rm)(I Ijotoo iutiif /mil if Miiui'iiNi, fttiliiitf U- lot IiIh tfhmht know liln aildrn:,., Hhould v/imv oni mnro ymn Ut Misur/ililn rumum tor u oWmo wbloh ha hud tiuvov vain mltluai At mcry station VMao oom|mroit hor watch with the cloekH, nnd toa«wl tho gtiurd with repenUjd imjuiriei. an to tho timo when I ho train \\\m iluc nt Lirurpool. . Kate suomed ngninet her. Tho train vinii Inle, and, onru arrived nt iU dottiuntion, no ; niu' kdourhI (o know whether or not -ho ; (inllin hail nlivntly Nailed. ; Aft«r n journey to tho dock* bohiml mi rely , tho nlowoRt cab.|iiirncit in tint country, 1'Vliee. , hurrying lo nn oflicinl, hoord tho fatal tidioufi thnt iho Onllia Imd nlroady nut off only u fow minutert boforo her arrival. 8ho oould koo with her own eyeu tlio great bIuj* Htandiog n littlo wny out upon (lie water. ' I havo friendn on bonnl I m»8t nee ! H'h n matter of life and donth !' Tho harrowing ntuioty on Insr l»nutifnl whito faco confirmed her words, nnd tho ofllcfal heart was touched. A (under wimiuBfc putting oh*, nnd il waited for hor. Tho joyful reaction in Folieo's mind nH nho felt tho pliinkn of tho gangway bononlli hor foot almoKt deprived her of tho power of; speech, Ifurrying to tho nhip'B Hi'do, hho clung to the rail, and scanned with straining oycBlho faces upon tho dock of tho Gallia. Thrtnk God t Maiirico was thoro— not tho bcardod, un kompt Mum-ico nho had Inst booh, but tho cloun-shiivcd Maurico bIio had nlways known, only looking ninny, mnny yoars older, and far moro sad, nnd thin, nnd pale, lint his trinlB woro nearly ovor now, as sho realised, with a throb of joy j nnd nho had como to him ns a bolated moBsougor of good tidings, Seeing hor fnoo whoro lio hnd in no wny oxpoetod it, Mnurico dii] not soom nt first to recognizo hor, nnd it wan only when sho had! hnstonod on board the Bhip nnd stood by hia sido that ho uttered hor no mo. 'Folioo! Is it poBBiblo P' Sho hold out her handH, nnd ho soizod thom in both his, Sho drow him n little away from the crowd of parting friends, ' It has nil como right I' sho panted out. ' You nro innocent — innocent ! Do you hoar P Don't shako your hoad. Marcus has con fessed ! I havo his confession with mo, torn from his diary, and flont by Ludy Fonton to you, to road on your journey I For you may go to Amorica— just for a journoy — that wo may all havo timo to forget. Thon you must como baok. Don't look so dnzod, and don't turn away in thnt hopoloss fashion. Maurico, you might havo known that that touch o£ yours could not havo hurled a living mnn into tho water ! Robert had boon dead for Bomo tirao whon you walked into tho trap laid for you by Marcus, and found him. Griorly wna in tho Arohos all tho timo, and Bnw every thing. On my honour, I awoar I nm tolling you tho truth — tho truth nt laBt !' Maurico had staggorod back, and was loan ing against tho ship's side, passing his hand in a bewildered fashion ovor his brow. / 'Itcnn'tbotruo!' ho muttorod, half to him Bolf, '-It's liko a dream of heavon ! Instead of a blaok future, to havo you horo, holding my hand, and tolling mo thoso things !' ' Moro than that,' sho said, through hor faot-falling tears—' moro than that I can toll you I That I shall think of you ovory hour of tho day until you oorao back. Thoro is much moro to any — to explain ; but you must writo from Qtioonstown to say whoro you aro joing, and J. will toll you everything in a Jotter. I in* going away to Dublin with Lady Fonton and Lonisa — Margaret and 'old Qriorly aro to bo ponsionod off— but I shall stay with your aunt.' . ?? Until I claim you for my wifo I Say it, ' Felice. Groat hoavona, it's, worth ton years o£ a mau's lifo only to hoar it said I' ' I will stay in Dublin, until you want mo ? ' v ' Until I want you ! I always wanted you I Until I como back to marry you, Folioo— in a fow months' timo,' ' In a yoar.' ' A yoar I A lifotimo 1 You Bhall have your way. But I may soo you boforo thon P' ' Yos. Tho people aro leaving. Wo must say good-bye. ' Good-bye, my darling.' Ho folded hor, unrosistingly, in his arms ? nnd kisBod hor lipB, Tho tondor moved away, nnd through a mist of tears, ?half-happy, luilf rogrotful, bIio watohod his tall llguro loaning ovor tho ship's sido, , A timo of ImppinoBH bo oomploto, bo satis fying and rostfnl, nB to bo but littlo known in this Htriving world, lny boforo thom bulhj nnd, if tho old logond of the twin souls bu truo, Folico liaii ruiUiBud its sweetness in hor sooond nuptials. AgaiiiBt tho blackest Buspioious, through tho bittoroHt trials, in tho face of proof ituolf, BIio iinu nersisteu in uoiiuviug in him, J lo huu justiflod her belief, and worBliips her for it. ?? And bo, grown porfoct, thoy Bhall pass their lives' remainder I' 'J'1113 KNI), 