NOTES AND NOTIONS. (By .Quilp.) Thu Breblonc4 Blacks— Are they Running . a Small Arms Store 1 Barton on Banquets — A Champion op the Convivial — Population for Polar Lands. What is most surnrisinff about the Breelong blacks is their armorcarry ing capacity. In the following messages, the names of the towns only are fanci ful, in other respects the information is copied from veritable news para graphs. Double-Up, Tuesday : The Bree long blacks broke into a settler s hut here to-day and stole two Winchester rflies and a large quantity of ammuni tion. Dough-Nut Creek, Wednesday : A miner's camp was looted by the Bree long blacks to day. They took two horses and four rifles. Tumble Down, Friday : A shot-gun and a Martini-Henry rifle were taken by the Breelong blacks to-day. There have been dozens of such messages ; so that the two fugitives must be by now fairly bristling with guns of all patterns. I have counted up that they have stolen at least 17 weapons and about 2'cwt. of ammuni tion. In addition they are gravely re ported from one source to be moulding bullets with spoons. On the wholo the question is pertinent whether these blacks are myths or whether there is an army of them. One of the two must be the case— or a third and mosb soul disturbing contingency— onmA f.nll Ivinrr ie Vioinrv rinnn finmft where. An almost equally strange feature of their hunt for the fugitives is the frequency with which they are seen, met, caught at meals, and con versed with. In quite half a dozen' places various persons have had yarns with the blacks, who have derided the efforts of the police, issued threats of further murders, and so on. Ifc has never seemingly occurred to the guests at these interesting conversaziones to grab the much wanted blackfellows. My faith in human nature, notwith standing, I must confess to believing that there are many Australians who have either too little pluck, or rather too much imagination. We are sure to catch the Governors in a day or two at most, ' For the force is on its mstal and. will haunt tuem Jiiie a ghost ; And when the force gets moving they will. never onco relax Their efforts, till they've collared both the Breelonc; blacks, We have read about their doings, so are not the least afraid To trust upon the cuteneB3 that the force have all displayed ; Let them 'only once get settled, let them once pick up the tracks, And they'll nab, in half a minute, both the Breelong blacks. ? They have followed, at a distance, and have had thorn both in view ; They were once quite oloBe upon them and excihangui a shot or two. Rnf thp ilnvtrnpsc oofflpH nn t.Vi*.m nnri t.lip.v had to turn their bncks, Hence they lost their chance of glory — and the Breolonp blacks. They had them in a cordon, but they managed to gefc past, They ran them once to cover but' they lost them in the grass, Still it the force lives long enough, and their strength don't overtax They might manage, if their luck is in, to catch the Breelong blacks. I've a deal of admiration for the members of the force They are plucky — out of danger — and will work then like a horse. But I cannot help from thinking of Qeorgie and bis axe, Whea I read tho force's wires 'bout the Bree lorg blacks, There has been for a long while a cry for some strong man to arise in this blatant land and say a good word for the banquet as a public institution. nrn» nnnnf.lfiGC vdjitq nnvv t.lin linnnnflf has been tho one stable political in stitution of British speaking countries. The power of kings has waned ; tho control of public affairs has gradually passed from the hands of the aristo cracy to those of the democracy; America has set up in political house keeping on her own account. But, throughout all these revolutionary changes the banquet has remained unchanged as the one expression of proper political enthusiasm. Whenever a politician has done well he is banquetted. If he has falleii on evil days he is consoled with a ban quet, If lie goes travelling he is ban quetted. If he stays at home ho is invited to all tho banquets that turn up. If it is intended to cajole him he is invited to a banquet. If lie has a great public -pronouncement to make, he does it over wine and victuals. . : Yet, withal, the community whilst practising banquettisra to as frenzied an extent as the Chinese are now practising Boxerism has professed to look with scorn on banquets. Ministries have been condemned because they wero 'juuketting' 'ones; and with fine alliterativeness critics havo re ferred to . tlio guzzling and the gourmandising of their opponents. Tho ' banquet has thus been able to boast of thousands of devotees but no champions. There has now, however, stopped into tho lists, a doughty and most ro nowned champion, as may be seen by this announcement in ono of tho daily papers : BENEFITS OP BANQUETS. Allusion was made by Mr. Barton to their lengthened stay, and occasion was taken to remark that, though they had attended many banquets, they did not regret it, because it had been the moans of making their views known to the public men of England, and to tho British citizens, and which led to the ultimate spontaneous desiro on the part of the British public that thoy might succeed in all things, and if possible in their mission. (Cheers.' As to the quality of the work done, Mr. Barton left that to the judgment of the Australian people, ' Toe newspaper report is unfoitunately 0 wee bifc indefinite j It is not madeqaite dear to what Mr. Barton refers in bis lost sentence. If it is the quality of the feeding done at the banquets— well we'll take his word for it. But it is quite evident that Mr. Bavton ia a champion of the banquet as a means of political propagandn, and of the caterer 03 a pnb'ic benefactor. To the banquets which tho Federal delegates ote of is duo ' tbe spontaneous desire of tbe British public' that Australians might have their Commonwealth Constitution. To the bill of fare was duo the safety of the bill. What better claim conld tbe banquet hnve to our affection and reBpect. Henceforth we shall not be ashamed of tbeae dreary functions at which men are wont to eat too much, drink too mucb, and talk too mucb. We shall be proud of oar gastronomic misdueds, as Bratus wn3 of Caesar's morder, when he cried : Let us bathe our hands in Caesar's blood Up to the elbows, and besmear our swordB ; men walk forth, even to the market place. 80 let Australians in future wave their lO.courBe menno, boast their feats of gorging, and proudly proclaim them selves men wbo did not fear to ent for their country s sake. Dr. Frederick Cook, who wai surgeon to the Belgian Antarctic expedition, suggests in an article published in an American paper that these southern lands will one doy hold a large population. Man he points oat is a brrdy animal, and there is no reason why thousands of him should not make happy homes with in tbe southern polar regions. ' There is ooe train of industries ' he writes' for which the antarctic and sub antarctic regions offer the best conditions of the g obe. This is tbe farming of f ur- bearin? animals. It is an indnstry which is still in its infancy, bnt recent experiments upon the barren Alaskan Islands have been eminently successful. There are thousands of isolated islands in tbe southern oceans which offer jii3t the conditions for the cultivation of stich life. These islands, ihongh almost birren of vegetable life, are ferli'e with birds and seals atd surl ier ferms of marine life, which will offer food to prospective generations of trans planted animals. So far ae I know, this is 0 new suggestion to the prospective sonth polar possibilities, bat the condi tions which I have seen are too favorable to be ignored. Tho antarctic lands lie isolatod in a deserted and frozen He?. The drift-ico and the over- land mass of glacial ice bar the pis3age to adventur ous travelers who seek to penetrate the mysteries of tbe frozen south. But it is jnst those harriers which fence tbe 'land of promise ' for the coming fur-farmer, who is to take tbe place of the life des troying bnnter. I am sure tbat in the near future these wild wastes of tlie antaictic, with their million of bird in habited islands, will form an island em pire of thrifty far- farmers, Wbat nation shall guard tbe interests of this coming race of hardf pionears ? ' Hero is a possible problem of the foturb for Federated Australia. 