THE STORYTKKLKR Puck and His Plot. By F. Frankfort Moobe. ' I vow, madam, 'tis scandalous — scandalous, iudoed ! to pay a fellnw eeveDty guineas for scratching nut a head ! ' General Blekeney lifted up handB of protestation and threw back his head, adding by tbe gesture considerable emphasis to tbe expression of hiB sentiment regarding the extortionate charges of Sir Joshua Reynolds. He bad recently given notice to his friends that his price for transferring their features to canvas to be the delight and admiration of tbe world for future generations would be seventy guineas. Little Miss Fanny Barney, wbo had carefully recorded t he scene in her diary for the year 1779, Bbi I ? — ' ||; I At this instant Mrs. Cholmondeley gave a shriek ajao, and flUDg herself upon the second sofa pillow. Iti also threw back ber head, but only to give ber self greater freedom to laugh She had got her -i. own ideas ou the subject of Sir Joshua's prices. ?M \ General Blakeney dropped his hands slowly by ff : his sides and turned upon her a stare in wh'ch j» surprise and grief were equally mingled. But . |fl| Miss Burney, having just published the most jfE successful novel of the generation, and being in i«jj the babit of receiving daily the encomiums of the W greatest statesmen, the greatest wits, the great eBt L-S ladies — nay, even of the greatest of tbe great llll family of Johnson — had no idea of allowing her [|jl self to be intimidated by a foolish soldier, and IJfl she only laughed the more merrily beneath bis |« withering stare. ||E[ He began to walk up and down the room at ' Mrs. Torale's lodgings at Brigbthelmstone, j|j| . shaking his finger at Miss Burney. |jw j; ' I vow I shall never again call you ma in . charmante,' he cried. 19 - ' Nay, sir,' said Mrfi. Thrale, ' we know 19 j you too well to believe that you will bear malice. In ? On the contrary, Mr. Blakeney. we know that II - you respect Miss Burney all the more for ber la courage in smiling in the face of a critic of your IS : The elderly General was easily flattered, and IV Mrs Thrale was one of the greatest living ex || ponents of the art — the obsolete art of flattery. BE ' Madam, you know the best way to appeal to ?9 an old soldier,' be said bowing low before the if tiny, sparkling lady. ' The word * courage,' fife madam — but I protest that this fellow Reynolds— ilfj but I don't want to ran tbe man down ; I like u| ' him well enough in his place ; he is as decent as any man of that sort I ever knew, but, for all ?I that, his prices aie shameful. Seventy guineas ! I;| How can two or three dabs of paint be worth ?H euc.b a sum as that ? Miss Burney is a lady with KS; some commonsense, though she has written a ?11 book ; I appeal to her to'say if 'tis not scandalous HI — but I will not abuse tbe man, aB he is a ?9 friend of Miss Burney 's.' II ; ' Sit Joshua is fortunate in being able to en ly , trench himt-elf behind Miss Buiney's friendship l| when his own merits as a painter have failed lit him,' said pretty Mrs. Cholmondeley, who was ' Nay, madam, I refuse to be drawn into the H| discussion again,' oried the General. ' But you, as a woman of sense, Mrs. Cholmondeley, will agree with me that this Reynolds — but, for the matter of tbat, I hear that mummer Garrick apes tbe style of a perse n of quality. G-od lud ! Just think of that, and tell me if 'tis not scandalouti ! Heavens above ub ! what will posterity tbink of us if it b- comes known to them that we, mind you, tolerated the airs of a fellow who struts about Lis stage, exhibiting himself for sixpence to all comers ? ' ' Posterity may only hear of us through our friendship for Mr. Garrick,' remarked Miss Burney. ' Stuff and fiddlesticks ! '* cried the General. ' Stuff and- ? but I af-k your pardon, madam ; if you are & friend of this fellow Garrick I shall be mute. Good lud ? Whsi's the world coming to P I take my leave, Mrs. Thrale. I hope that I have not been impolite.' ' Oh, no, Mr. Blakeney ; your courtsey has passed into a. proverb in Brigbthelmstone, and is acknowledged as far away as Dover,' said Mrs. Thrale. General Blakeney at that moment did not seem tr- be ' anxioue to keep abreast of his reputation. He failed to acknowledge by a bow the lady's compliment— on the contrary, he seemed to stiffen as she spoke. ' Dover, madam, Dover— why Dover ? ' he inquired icily. ' Did I say Dover, Mr. Blakeney ? ' oried the sparkling little lady. ?' I protest, sir, if I said Dover, I had some reason for it. Fray, Miss Burney, tell me why I said Dover, rather than Sandwioh oi Hastings ? ' ' Why, madam,' began Miss Burney, ' was it not Mrs. Romir who passed a remark no later than yesterday ? ' ' Let me tell you, madam, that Mrs. Homer is a foolish busybody,' cried the General, ' I have the honour to wish you a very good morning. Ladies, I am your servant.' He bowed this time, sweeping the floor with his hat, but with more than military smartness recovering himself, he marched to the door, but when in the act of stepping out he gave a glance of suspicion from Mrs. Thrale to Miss Barney, and then sent it on to Mrs. Cholmondeley. The three ladies were smiling blandly and innocently — somewhat too innocently for complete innocence, the General thought. He gave an exclamation of impatience, and turned lound with such vehemence that he baiely avoided knocking against an undersized gentle man who had come up the stairs and was at the point of entering the room. ' Confound you, sir ! ' oried the General hotly ; but he suddenly checked himself, when he saw what an impression his exclamation hai produced upon the stranger. The man had stepped back with a cry of terror, and was abjectly cowering as he supported himself by the biass handrail that ran round the lobby. His face wore such an expression of fear as the General had never seen on the features of any living man. His . jaw had fallen, and when he tried to raise it bis teeth chattered. His knees shook, and the hands that clutched the brass rod were quivering in every muscle. But it was the look of terror in the man's eyes that made him seem like an embodiment of fear. His terror was terrifying. General Blakeney had never before known what fear was. For some moments he could only stand staring dumbly at tbe stranger. At last he managed to fay in a whisper : ' What — what — good Lord, eir, I fear that. I have alarmed yru. Nay, tbere is no need. Let me reassure ? ' He took a Btep towards tbe man, but the moment be moved tbe stranger gave another little cry, and his expression deepened from one of terror to one of absolute horror. For some moments tbe unhappy General ftlt riveted to the spot on which he stood. Then be managed to retreat to the door ofthe room,, still under the fascination of tbe other's horror. Opening the door, but with his eyes still fixed upon the man's face, be cried : ' Ladies— Mrs. Thrale, for Heaven's sake — your visitor — I fear that in my foolish impotence I surprised him. Madam, for Heaven's sake tell him that there is nothing to fear from me. My good sir, on the honour of an officer and a gentle man, I swear to you — pray, reassure the man, my dear madam.' Mrs. Thrale had hurried to tbe door, and tbe y Raising bis cane, he made roguish thrusts at the body of the Genual. General retreated further into the room. He was turning to explain to Mrs. Cholmondeley how he had inadverrently jostled against the stranger, when the man, holding on to Mrs. Thrale's arm, appeared at the entrance, and Miss Burney gave a shriek and buried ber face in one of the pillows of the sola. ' Merciful Heaven ! She is overcome by his expression of horror ! ' cried tbe General. What is to be don9 P Wbat is to be done ? 1 would not for the world that this bad happened. Pray, Miss Burney — madam — oh, lad ! will the fellow not be reassured ? Sir, I give you my word ? ' ' Better not speak to him, sir,' said Mrs. Thrale. 'Ton forget, Mr. Blakeney, that all people have not your nerves. You mast have said something to intimidate my friend See bow the poor fellow is trembling even yet.' And sD he was. He was tottering to a seat clutching Mrs. Thrale's arm, and he looked out from the corner of his eye at General Blakeney. I He seemed struggling to articulate, but no word I came, only a hoarse gurgliug sounded in hiB I throat. I At this instant Mrs. Cholmondeley gave a shriek I aim, and, like Tansy Burney, flung herself upon the second sofa pillow. The General waB distracted. He actually wrung his hands. Mibs Barney had never before seen a man wring his hands, though she had written about a man who habitually did so. The operation interested her. The moment, however, that she glanced to the face of the little man, who was now cowering and quaking in a corner of the room, she shrieked out again and hid her fate as before. ' I fear E mu^t ask you to withdraw, Mr. Blakeney,' said Mrs. Thrale as the General went from Mrs. Cholmondeley to Miss Burney, im ploring of them for Heaven's sake to bear up. 'Tis quite clear, sir, that you have soared the life out of our poor friend, and he will not recover his senses until you leave the room. Oh, General, you military men should take more care in your demeanour toward simple civilians.' ' I give you my word, madam, I soarcely did moie than jostle the fellow,' protested the General. ' Will you make my apologies to the ladies, Mrs. Thrale ? Lud, madam, I swear that since I was in Minorca such a contretemps as the present ? ' At this point an indescribable cry came from the little man in the'oorner — a close imitation of the affrighied cry uttered by Mr . Garrick at the motneot of the entrance of the ghost in Hamlet — a blood-curdling articulation that sent General Blakeney precipitately through the door of the room and downstairs into the street. Continued on Page 643. ? Puck and His Plot. Bt F. Fbajtkfobt Moobb. Continued from Page 635. I Bat even in tiie street, had he waited a few H seconds outside tiie house, he might hare heard ? the shrieks that came from the room whioh lie had just left — shrieks of laughter uttered by the ? ladies before Mrs Thrale found breath to say : H Ob,. Mr. Garrick, Mr. Gcartiok, our deaths will be Ifeid to youroharge ! ' I,. The undersized gentleman, who had apparently ? made a marvellous recovery from his appalling ? fright, made a courtly bow to the lady, saying : ? ' Madam, were I to face a jury in such a court I I would look for no mepcy.' ' How o^uld yon be so cruel to so harmless a H person as Mr. Blakeney f ' criel Mrs. Cholmon deley. '' I solemnly declare that your simulation of fright almost frightens the life out of us.' - ' Pshaw, my dear, it was but my Hamlet H facie that I put on for the moment,' said Garrick. ' I thongh that everyone would recognise that ? old friend. Where has the fellow been living ? these twenty years ?' ? ' He has been at Minorca as well as other places,' said Mrs. Cholmondeley. ? ' He richly deserves his fright,' cried Mrs; H Thrale. ' Think how he abused Sic Joshua — H and Mr. Garrick too. This is how he went on.' H Mrs. Thrale was not likely to lose sd good an opportunity of exhibiting her powers as a mimic. H They were considerable. If they had been ex orcised with tact they would-, have been more ^H. . . .. widely appreciated. She had courage. Not many people would have ventured npon a piece of H mimicry immediately after Garrick had been H showing his incomparable powers, H ' This is-how he went on,' she oried, and, ? affecting the strut and style of General Blakeney, ? she repeated his reference to Sir Joshua Reynolds's H revised .priced for portraits, and then went on H tohis abuse, of Gterrickfor living as a gentleman H rather than as an actor.. Garrick: listened to her indulgently, and watched H hgr critically. She really did now and again ? suggest the Genera^ and when it was clearly I ? understood tiiat itwas' the General whom she was ? portraying, one had no difficulty in. perceiving the ? mimicry. When ehe imitated the officer's bow, H Garrick laughed heartily. ? ' Eeally, Mrs. Thrale, had you not chosen to H to he the most admirable of hostesses, you might H have become the most distinguished of actresses*' ? said he. ? ' Nay, Mr. Garrick,' cried Mrs. Cholmondeley, H ' *tis but another branoh of the profession that H Mh*. Thiale haa chosen ; and, by my soul, sir, I ? think tihaik it is the branch whioh needs the better H . acting. But what was the meaning of four ? .. introducing Dover and Mis;' Homer, my dear ? ' ? *headded,turningto Mrs. Thrale. ' V dh. lnd l ' cried Mis. Thrale, ' surely yon ? heard the story of how General Blakeney was fioled by Mrs'. Homer's pretty niece at- Dover ! Why, I. thought that every one had heard that ? story. The young woman, it see ma, was promised ? to Mr. Harding all1 the time, but when the General H began paying court to her, she ' led him on, and H, ?when he threw himself ather'Teet one day, she ? ' said, ' La, Mr, sure I took for ' granted that it was ? my aunt yon were coming after P ' Since that ? episode, strange to say, he has detested the name ? of Dover, and fairly loathed the name Homer. I H think I avenged the insult to Mr. Garrick very ? fully by introducing both names. Eh ! Mr. I Garrick.' ? ' Fully, madame, fully,' said Garrick. He I b£oa7re thoughtful for a few moments, aui then I added : ' Mrs. Bomer — I have heard that name. ? She has lodgings here just now, I believe f ' ? u We have mat her at Dr. Delop's,' replied I ? Mire. Thrale^ ' Shehas bat one aversion in the' I world, and that is Mr. Blakeney.' ? ''That gives colour to the rumour that she fl ' . believedwlmt her' niece professed to believe— I . .njatody, thattheflener^wa8 thinking about her,' I ' suggested Miss Burney, who; had- a good working fl- ~ latowLedge of-the motiveaof men and women. fl Garrick gave a laugh. fl - /fcritt 'wily should not ail the world — all fl Brighthelmetone, at any rate, believe that too f ' fl he cried. fl - -f How do- you. mean f ' aeked Mrs. Thrale. fl I . mean that we shall have Bome diversion H within the next fortnight, if there be left among ? us a single spark of the spirit of Puck,'r said ? Garriok. ' jfl The ladies stood round him — they formed a B : fascinating environment, with varying expressions B of curiosity and inquiry, not unmixed with a ? certain amount of dread on their faces. ? ' The spirit of Puok P n whispered Mrs. Thrale B with a finger on herJip. Shedid notliketo ? admit that she failed to catch the exact meaning ? of thie suggestion. 9 'The spirit of our patron Pack— tiie spirit of jfl ' the butterfly that steals the sting from the gnat B and fays.it like a lanoe in rest against a fluttering fl. moth,' cried Garriok. ' The spirit of our pateon fl Pnck^ who charges and routs a grasshopper by the aid of a thiBtle's prickle. You take me, ladies P ' ' I fancy that I do,' said Mrs. Thrale doubt fully ; but you must- now forget how jealous is my master.' ' Pshaw, my dear madam, let Mr. Thrale be as jealous as Othello, he will have no chance of saying a word of blame against- you in this matter,' said Garriok. Mrs. Cholmondeley gave a very good imitation . of a F reaoli woman's shrug — she was an ac complished actress — as she said : ' Dear Mr. Gt&rriclj;, prithee do not deprive your scheme of its chief elements of attractive ness in our eyes. What is a salad without vinegar? What is an adventure without a jealous husband in the background ? ' Innocent Miss Burney raised protesting hands. Mr. Garriok shook his head with the gravity ot a surgeon-consultant. Iu the anatomy of the elemental passionshe waa an expert. ' A jealous husband in the background is not an imposing figure, madam,' said he. 'Bat, unhappily, he is r&ely; content to remain in that place. He has an ugly trick of coming forward.' ' With the usual poniard — or pillow, which the foolish Moor employed,' said Mrs. Thrale. ,r But pray reveal the details of your plot, Mr. Garrick ; we are all impatient to learn in what direction your patron imp Puck iB whisking you.' ' Supposing1 that Master Puck whispered in tiie ear of all Brighthelmstone that it was really the annt and not the niece whom the General was wooing, and that the lady had actually consented to make him happy,' whispered Garrick; For a few momenta, tiie ladies were eifent, j thoughtful ;- then Mrs. Thrale raised her hands and her voioe simultaneously, and protested that Mr. - Garrick was sure the most ingenious : of all progeny of Puck. It was while General Blakeney was taking the air ia front of the sea two days afterwards that he received an enthusiastic shake of the hand from one of his friends — a certain Colonel Digby, Equerry to the King. ' My dear General,' oried Digby, ' you have my hearty congratulations. Egad, sir,. you masked your batteries with great- adroitness. 'Twas said that the niece — oh, you. iare a shrewd tactician. But I wish you both a great deal of happiness. I have long held that a woman is not at her best till she is forty, and the widow Bomer——' ' What the dickens do you mean, sir ?' cried General Blakeney. ' Look you here, Digby, you and I are old Mends, sir, but if you fancy chat you are entitled on this ground to take a, liberty, I would have you- know that you are greatly mis taken.' . Colonel Digby stood back and roared with, laughter. Raising his. cane he made roguish thrusts at tiie body of the GeneraL ? ' Ho I ho I So you would deny it, 'would you ?' he chuckled. ' Come, come, air, your mock in dignation would not impose upon a child* Bu,t you don't deserve the happiness whioh- yourcon quest of the widow ? ?' ' Have done, sir,' shouted the General. ' Keep your confounded cane away from my ribs. Colonel Digby, I always locked on you as a friend, but from this day L remove your name from the list of my friendsi Let me pass you, sir.' Digby staggered back and stared at the other. He was struck dumb with amazement. He had that day heard, on what he thought to be the best authority, that the widow Bomer had yielded to the persuasion of General Blakeney, aud had given him her promise, and yet there was General Blakeney marching past him with set teeth and - blazing eyes because he had vehtuedrtb congratu late him on his conquest. ' By the lud ! they have quarrelled and sepa rated already,' mattered the Colonel. ' Well^ I have had a lesson. They talk of young people - not knowing 4heir own mind, but, by my faith, the ytrang ones aramiraoles of constancy compared' to your elderly lovers. Only engaged for twenty four hoursy and already a deadly quarrel ! ' Hb smiled grimly and watched the unfortunate General stalking off. : He turned and walked in tiie other direction. Bat, before the General had gone more Hum a hundred yards, he was met by Mr, Selwyn and his wife. Their faces wore tiie- brightest erf smiles. ' Oh, Mr. Blakeney,' cried the lady, ' who could have fancied that your pretended aversion to your lady was only meant as a cloak ? For shame, sir ; I have half a mind not to offer yon my congratulations. Bat, there, I forgive you ; only you must promise never to do so again.' ' Madam, I am at a loss to make-out your meaning,' stammered the General. ' But, if your aim is to affront me, all I can say is that your sex alone permits of your carrying out your ' aims with impunity. I iave the honour to wish you a very good morning, madam.' \- ' What,' oried Mr. Selwyn,, bluntly, ' do you deny that you are engaged to many Mrs. Bomer f' * ' I have tho honour to wish, yon a very good morning, air,' «ud the General, raising his hat and bowing with the most chilling courtesy. ' Nay, sir, do not go until I have asked your pardon fox — for — I do assure you, Mr. Blakeney, that it is reported — ' ' Reported — reported? When was report other than a liar, madam ?' said the General. ' And yet thoBe whem I believed to be my friends do not seem to hesitate in giving credence to the grossest calumny that lying reports put upon me.' ' Faith, sir, I fail to see how you can hold yourself to be calumniated by a report that a charming lady is about to marry you,' Baid Sel wyn. ' What grounds the ladymight have for. \- making such an accusation is quite another matter. I wish you good day, sir, and may no worse luck befall you than that whioh we attri buted to you.' Selwyn and his wife walked on, leaving General Blakeney to rap out an oath or two below his breath. ' Are all the people in this blessed place gone suddenly mad?' he muttered. 'The widow Bomer ! Heavens above us I What shall I hear next ?' His question was soon answered. He met hiB friend Dr. Dalop within the next quarter of an hour, and Dr. Delop beggefof him, as a special favour, to be allowed to perform the ceremony when he was (spousing the widow Bomer. This was too much lor the unhappy man. . Dr. Delop was a clergyman, and General Blakeney respected his cloth. He was brave enough to wheel about and actually to run away, thus adopting the effectual precaution against hurting thB sosceptibilities of his friend? - ' They are mad — mad,' he muttered, as he went at the double past a couplexof his. acquaint* anoes, who were ahput to greet him, having pre pared their smiles of congratulation. ' Mad as March hares, begad ! ' he cried, as another acquaintance had the bad taste to shout his con gratulations from the opposite side of the street aB he passed. He rushed into his lodgings, and Hung himself into tbe sympathetic arms of a chair and wiped his forehead. He -tried to think out a plan of defence, but, unfortunately, none of the hand books on strategy with which he was acquainted had made provision for such a case as his. It was-not until hehad- received two cuds which were left at tiie door of his lodgings, with ' a thousand congratulations ' pencilled on tbe one, and ' hearty good Wishes ' on tiie other, tbat he made, up his mind that nothing was left to him but to retire upon hiB base. He rang for his servant, and gave him instruc tions to-paok his portmanteaus and to have the -horses ready to set out for Timbridge Wells in the morning. . ' . '?&*- His. servant, being . an old soldier, madfhno - : communt on his master Vordera— at least, otttil he i found himself in the kitchen. -Wheo ti^re, hoS?~_ ! ever, he gave free ^spression to : subject of Jhife master as - a taotici comments were highly favourable. Having b¥§rT' ; confidentially informed in the course of the day by several gentlemen's gentlemen that his master was about to espouse the widow Homer, and by several ladies' ladies that tiie widow Bomer would bring about a considerable change in his master's megage, he felt convinced that a tempora^v^tire ment might save the situation — nay, cS own situation. (To be continued.) _ ' 