The Lily of Mordaunt. By Mas G. Sheldon intboreBs of "The Masked Bridal, "The Magic Cameo," &o.;) Qgit'TEli XXVI- (Continued). ELAINE AND JANE collins. Tiiey had not long to wait for a car- rVe and when it drew up beside them ASy' Elaine gave directions about the ayangeinent of the. cushions to make 1,-r comfortable, and ordered that she be carefully lilted ana lain upon tnem. Then she entered the carriage and ceai»d herselt opposite tne woman. " "I am going home with you," she caid in reply to the look of inquiry Ivkiih she turned upon her, and the' satisfied expression which settled over the anxious laee more than repaid her tor the bold step wliieh she was taking. Before rt-arting, however, Lady Elaine tuned again to tho man who had pro cured the carriage for her and asked : 'Do you know where Sir John Sey mour lires?' The great surgeon, yer leddyship?" he questioned. "Yes." Yes, leddy, I knows." "Very well; I want yon to take this card to lihn from me." Sko wrote rapidly upon the back of ono of her visiting cards the name and number of the street where she was going, asking the great man to come thero immediately; then, giving it to tho man with a piece of gold, told him to make all possible haste about his er rand. Then sho bade the coachman drive to 14$ Warwick-street. It was a hard ride for tiiat poor creature over the rough stones; but AVanvick-street was reached at last, and No. 148 proved to be a 'very respectable thougli unpretentious ibodo. A rough thougli kind-visaged man made Ms appearance at the door' as the grand carnage stopped before it, while jiis mouth— a capacious one, too — and eyes were extended wide with wonder and curiosity at the unusual circum stance. "is tMs your home?" Lady Elaine asked him, put-ting her head out of the irindow. "Yes, mum ; and if 'tis John Collins ye want, I'm yer man," was the hearty, good- natured response. "Yes, Joan, it's you we want, and ye'll have to lend a hand to help me out of this," said Jane Collins— ror it is our old friend — with an attempt at ckeeriness, though there was a ring ,ot pain beneath it-, which her husband's quick ear detected at once. "Jano!" he cried, in a startled voice, and, springing forward to the coach, into vMcii lie peered with, a blanched and anxious face. "You wife has met with an accident," Lady iilaino said, gently. "1 hope, however, that it is nothing so serious bat that time and patience will mend it." 1 "Jane, what has happened to ye, my lass?" he domanded, never, heeding the youug countess in his anxiety, but speaking in a tone as tender and tremulous as a woman's. "I gob run down by a team, John, and my leg is hurt; out"— as she saw his hps quiver — "never ye fear, man; tune and patienee will mend it,' as the 1 willy says." Sue spoke bravely, but was obliged to- clench her hands to keep back the groans that were almost- forcing' their way irom her lips. .Now noip me in the best way ye tan, and we ll get ready for the doctor," sac added, after a moment, and -draw ing herselr up as well as she could, though a cry burst from her in spite or iior ehorts to make no sign of pain. Uh, lass, lass! it's a bad day when anything happens to ye," pathetically onea her husoand, as, assisted by the coaciiuian, he lifted her trom the -car nage and tore her into the house and lam her upon her own bed in a room as daintily clean and as neatly arranged as any Mgh-born lady's oould be. fady insane was surprised at the evidences of refinement in that little' home, winch contrasted so strangely ran the rough exterior of its owners, oho assisted Jane in the removal ot er clothing and the necessary prepara- tjons tor the surgeon, and told her that would remain until he came, since sha n ,f Lars, while, besides, could nob think of leaving her with, no woman to, care for her comfort. roJoau® very grateful for this kind- ' Qc' L«r sufferings appeared te ln- iB ®. >ra1 every moment-, while her uijurod uinb was iound to be frightfully brrnsed and swollen, as well as bbken. \- own -ir.? Lalt-an- bour after their appearand aeymour made his sf' I ' an?, tken fci8ra followed a Etronn i a£ony, during .which ted f?!. ?iUr recl Jane Collins fain ter , ub tim in k®r fif'Sj while turina c,?f ' n£ln2 vor her in tor- child. pease> was as , helpless as a her face like marble, an»a 1m surgeon what assist- quicklv ' uPoa him never -I and . quietly, uttering ception nff ' at. ter keen per- flufc it J11 ""Pating Ills wants, limb was 0V6Vat las?> the.broken diged splintered and ban- thaSuUL , (listed, but . so finable OTOr mado com" Etanees. possik ® nader the, circum- whif cnid!? f an efficient person you whiia Procured to take care ol Lady Elainc t obi£ed to te here?" preparing- £ + as ske was 7® to ter hotel. bm gne som® time> tint unt.Mi ctaut 4<? Ioave tile pa- was perfertK satisfied that she .perfectly comfortable. — llaria off,0 s a woman across the way out- uussi,,! ff8? ske's called. She goes well enough-jUf , rec.ko11 John'll do the housR » r mazin' handy about tionate ff11® replied, with an affec- Tmrteatkeabatiy tusband. p'raps tlmf - f-'ke test I can, but- Ja£>>Tfc tka best ye oughter he tondpi-i' boaesfc John answered, as with an smoothed his. wife's hair TJteady hand. " \ more stort spffctiag hadNfcaken tW m' ftan the stiff est- Horn," as u eve£ tlowed around Cboe '"I ti in I- -f ferward said. \ fegnlav "Jf wouH ho better to -have a quiet decistf,' y Elail16 sMd, with frttn hevSriff1"165. yer leddyship; I'll .Tvi , na here msirl, » "wun R /,«. 1 . "OAl-au-UU Ul . IY<» 'T rejoinder. ®rron- anTrt ?,n? see yu again 351 as enmf pe to ted yu at the youn pn,rt e as you are now," took her Ipdt. S j sak?' tindly, as she for her kindrf' aU?' with many thanks tade her f,npjCs ,kft Jane and John &eat; l»ddv wondering how "a flours to thsmj? stop vf Bbow 8UCt 'lass ?euce. with the nobility as Regard thorf611 ?s f ie»d them to feeling fnr 113 elfish and deYoid of all th4,r own" h 32SS circle?6 f — — V CHAPTER XXVH. \ the tbtjth told eat tho « ier, Promise, Lady : Elaine ii - ckj to . see her protege, \- -s Cedias ewiid he sailed l « — — : and she continued her visits to her as | long as she was an invalid, alwayB I carrying her some little delicacy in the way of fruit, flowers, jellies, etc., and was herself so gracious and winning and sympathetic that the woman came "to long and watch eagerly for her . coming. One day she went to her a little earlier than usual, taking as her offer ing some great, luscious oranges. She had already carried her all kinds of fruit, but this afternoon she had seen these unusually fine ones, and their fair golden beauty had tempted her to buy them more than anything else. As she passed the basket to Jane upon her entrance to her room, she took -one, and, after looking at it a moment, said, with a sigh: 'T never see an orange, my leddy, but I think of a poor, young thing, siok and friendless, who I took care of in Madrid last summer." "Madrid?" exclaimed Lady Elaine, her heart leaping into her throat at the name. "Were yon in Madrid last summer?" "Yes, my leddy, and my heart aehes every time I think of that poor- dear, for I had to leave her before she began to mend - in that heathen country, and she couldn't speak a word of their gib berish. I'd give much to know that she got well, and is all right again."' "Was she English?" Lady Elaine asked, much interested, and with a little nervous tremor. "That she was, and jusib a sweet little body, too ; but she were dreadful sick, and used to beg for oranges like a thirsty child for water. Many's the one I've held to -her mouth and squeezed the cool juice between her burnin' lips. She was such a young thing, too, to be neglected by her wretch of a hus band!" "Husband! What! was she married? — and neglected when she was id?" cried Lady Elaine, beginning to lose colour at this point of the story. . "Yes, leddy. It's a sad story. ' The pretty child left England a bride and went traveliin' from piace to place with her husband, who seemed to have a grudge against her for something, and wouldn't- let her go. home,, though she often begged him 'to take her back. AVhen they got to- Madrid their money gave out entirely, and he couldn't pay >.eir bids. Then he got reckless, and didn't care, and he wouldn't work nor try to support her. She didn't toll me all this, yer leddyship; 1 found out a Oood deal when she was ravin' with the .ever. When she found that his money was gone, she said she couldn't live so, and if he wouldn't work to take care of aer, she must do something to support nerself. So she went away from him .nto cheaper lodgings, and went to drawin' and paint-in'- piotures to earn the bread she ate. She had some money that her aunt gave her for a weddin' present, but she were savin' it to pay lier passage back to England as soon as she could find Bomeone to go with; and one day, when slie went to see the con sul to get him to put her in somebody's care, a thief bioke into her room and stole ail her jewels and money. The shock and a suuuea cold that she took threw her fruo a dreadful ' f&ver.; and she was at t-iie sickest when I had to leave her." . ; . "That was liard, But how did you happen to be with her at< all?" asked her listener. "AVell, ye see, John and I've been seafaring people all our lives. He's worked up trom a common sailor to mate, and I've always gone along with him as stewardess. This time we sailed aboard' the Rocket, bound from Lonuon to V aiencia for fruits, and justt betore we entered port at Valencia, on this voyage, John saved the cap'ns life, and so, when we landed, he told us we should have a holiday, and go where we liked while the vessel was being loaded up. AVe thought we'd like to travel about a bit, and we went up to Madrid for a look at the city, and- oneway we thought we'd go and pay our respects to the English consul. While we were waitin' to see him this pretty young thing comes into the wait-in'-room and sets right down in front of us. I was that startled ' when I see her that I thought" my heart would jump out of my mouth, for she was the perfect image of a beautiful leddy that we pioked up at sea once. She and her Jiusband had been shipwrecked coming nome from India, and they had lost tiieir baby — 'Baby Allie,' the poor mother called her, with such heart breaking moans that they have rung in my ears ever since." "Oh! who were they?" Lady Elaine cried, with almost breathless eagerness. "Ah! leddy, I can't tell ye; but this young girl looked so exactly like the oeautiful leddy that John and I fell to talking about it, and she heard us. She turned as white as a ghost as she looked around at us and asked us would we please tell her who we were talking about, for she had been lost coming "home from India during a shipwreck, and there was some puzzle about her parents and who she were." "It is Arley — she is telling me about Arley!" Lady Elaine cried to herself, her teeth almost chattering from ner vous excitement. She had half-suspec ted it before — now she was sure. But she restrained Her impulse to speak of it, and listened eagerly while Jane went on with her story. "AVe told her," she said, "that we could not tell her who the leddy and gentleman were1 for we were so busy tendin' to their wants and needs we never thought to ask; but probably the captain knew, and would tell her, if she could find 1pm. She sighed and looked disappointed, but said it was 'a clew,' and might help her some time. She seemed 'mazin' glad to find we were English, and asked were we goin' back to England soon. We told her yes, in a little more'n a week. Then, she said, 'Would- we let her go along with us ?' "John was mighty taken with her, Tor she were jest about the sweetest- spoken, prettiest little thing we'd ever seen, and he said he'd try to fix it, if she'd be willin' to go in a sailin' vessel. She told him, so eager and wistful, that she'd go any. way to get home once more. Then we agreed that we'd go and talk more about it with her the next day, but when we got there, I found her ravin' with the fever, and more likely to go into her coffin than back to England. I saw that the sick ness would go hard with her, and there was no one to take care of her save that , jabberin' woman who kept the house; so I took my things right straight on, and told John I should stay with her till the last minit before it was time Hp go back to the Rocket." \ You good creature!" murmured Laov Elaine, with glistening eyes, while\|he was trembling from head to toot> Owr tills turilling accouni; ui Arley' s strange misfortunes. "AnybodY with a heart . o' stone couldn't have, helped it, if they'd seen her lyin' these so helpless and ne glected; but I Yidn't s'pose then that- I was goin' to geYmy pay back in the same way," Jane returned, with a grate ful look in the fair Hace opposite her. "I s'pose that is what, the good Book means, where it tells ye fto cast your bread upon the waters, ant ye shall get it again after many days. '- Well, that poor dear was dreadful bad for three or four days, but the fifth she seemed a little better, for she knew in, and fald me about her troubles, or 'something about them. She didn't say mach about that scamp, she sort o' shieUed him, but I knew enough already horn her ravin's,' and bo, with what she iold me, I had the whole story. But it would h«vc brobmi your heart to sea btw she took on when she found that she 1 couldn't go horns with us, and then, it came out that almost all her money had been stolen, and she hadn't anything to pay her bills with. But I fixed that all tight for her, and then tried to com fort her as well as I oould by tellin' her that it wasn't fit for the like of her to be goin' back to England in a sailin' vessel and 'twould be ever so much better to wait and go like a lady in a steamer, and I finally left her a bit comforted." . "But was there no one in all that city — no English person whom you oould have hired to take care of her?" Lady Elaine asked, much distressed over Army's sad state. "Not a soul, my leddy, though we asked our guide — we had to hire one to go with us 'wherever we went, for, of course, we couldn't understand a word of thalt gibberish, and he didn't know of anybody; the consul was away, and so we had to leave her. I s'pose that wretch of a husband was somewhere about, but he couldn't be found." "Did he never come to her while she was sick?" " No, leddy, not while I were there ; she sent far him- once, but he'd gone from their other lodgu's, and nobody knew where to find him. She said if she was only well she should not mind, bein' left bo much, nor the loss of the money — though her heart did ache to get home — for she could draw, and paint, and sell her pictures, and take care of herself, but to be sick and alone and without any money was fit to discourage anybody. The little chat- term' doctor was good' to her, though, and she could talk French with him, so it wasn't quite so bad as it might have been ; and I told her she needn't worry over the money I'd let her have — the poor dear wanted me to take her di'- monds — for it had gone into the Lord's treasury and He'd take care of it. And He has," Jane concluded in a reverent tone. "WhaJt! have you ever heard from I her? Has she sent it back to you?" asked the young countess, not quite comprehending her meaning. "Oh, dear no, marm, I don't- mean that, but you have been so much kinder to me than I was to -her, that I've had my pay twice over already," was the earnest reply. Lady Elaine smiled. "That is the way you reckon it, is it?" she said. Then, with a strange trem bling of her lips and a queer feeling at her heart, she asked: " .Who was this lady ? What was her name?" "She told me it was Mrs.-— Mrs. Pax- ton — I'm sure that was it; and I reckon that her scamp of a husband's other name were Philip, for when she were ravin' she would call out that name and beg him to go to work so that they could go home, and not stay there to starve or get into debt. I tell ye, my leddy, I don't do much snivellin' on my own account, but it made me cry like a baby to hear her; and then the day I had to leave her! I declare! for the first time in my life I was almost willin' to let John go off alone, while I stayed and took care of her. Aha! iny leddy, but ye have a tender heart yerself," Jane concluded, as she heard a convul sive sob and saw that Lady Elaine was weeping" bitterly. "Oh, Jane, you do not know it, but you have been telling me about my dearest friend," she said. "I was quite sure of it, even before you spoke her name, and it nearly breaks my -heart to learn how she has suffered and been wronged. She was called Arley Went- wort-h when I first knew her, and she was a lovely girl, and she never 'knew a care or sorrow until the day she mar ried Philip Paxton. I -have never seen her since, for she went away directly, but she has writ-ten to me several times, though she has never hinted at any trouble, and yet I have imagined that she was not happy. And now " She stopped short, her face all ablaze with indignation as she thought of the wretch who, having refused to do any thing to support the wife whom he had won under false pretenses, had taken her to a strange, almost barbarous country, and, when she was sick, des titute, and friendless, had left her to her fate and returned to his own coun try. Her heart was in a perfect tumult of contempt and righteous anger, and she almost hated herself for having tolera ted his presence for one moment. How ever, he stood unmasked before her now, and she would know how to deal with him in the future. Jane Collins was greatly surprised by what Lady Elaine told her. "Just to think of it!" she cried, her face a perfect picture of wonderment. "How queer things do come about!" "How long were you with Arley?" her companion asked. "Just about a week, yer leddyship — the day was set for the Rocket to soil, and go I must in her, for there was no one to take my place, and John couldn't get along without me any more than a baby could without its mother." " And you axe sure that no one oame to see or to inquire after iny friend during that time?" questioned the young countess, thoughtfully, and re membering what Philip had told her about Arley receiving attention and money from a gentleman in Madrid. " No, leddy, not a soul came near her save the doctor, John, and I," Jane as serted, confidently. "Did she at any time speak of any one whom she knew, or wished to call upon for assistance?" "No, matin; she said Bhe hadn't a friend to help her, and she would be without a' soul to do her a good turn when I was gone." "Strange!" murmured Lady Elaine, musingly. "No, it is nob strange, either," she added to herself; "it is all of a piece with his other treachery." Then she began to question Jane re garding the clue which Arley had gain ed, or though she had gained, about her parent-age. She made her go over every item of the story which she had told Arley, and which we know al ready ; and as' she listened to it she also became excited and nervous over it She drew out her pocket-tablets, writ- ing down portions of the tale, asking quick, eager questions, taking down the name of the captain of the Rocket, and the place of his residence when in port, and gleaning every item which seemed likely to be of use in sifting thes mys tery of her friend's birth. She was astonished when the little. 1 clock in Jane's kitchen gave five short sharp strokes. "Why, it is five o'clock,- and I have kept you talking much longer than I ought!" she exclaimed, ruefully. "I have been here more than two hours, and I should have gone home long .ago." . " Never mind, dearie— I'd talk an hour longer if I oould do any good for ye or the poor child that's laid so heavy on my heart ever since I kissed the tears off her pale cheeks and left her alone in that outlandish city," Jane re turned, in a voice which was not quite steady. "We will hope that good may result from what you have told me," Lady Elaine said, cheerfully. "It may be that those troubles which my friend has -had to endure — that those very straits in- which yon found and left her, will i pfave the greatest blessings of her life ; it certainly will be. so if they lead to the discovery of her .parentage: If she had not gone to Madrid and had these trials she might nevee have met you, er fined even a clue to the mystery. But am going to see what I can de with the facts you have given me, toward unlocking and solving this complicated puzzle."- She took leave of Jane, and, hasten ing to her carriage, was driven back to her hotel. Bnt she appeared very much, excited, for all the way she kept tap ping one little foot, impatiently upon the floor, while -her eyes deepened and glowed with almost a dazzling bright ness, and a deep, rich colour mantled her usually pale cheeks. How heartily she despised Philip Pax- ton, now that she knew the hateful truth about him. How little, and mean, and contemp tible he appeared to her — how false and heartless. How she longed to grind him be tween the millstones of her wrath until he should cringe and suffer a hundred fold more than, what poor Arley must have endured in that foreign city, where, sick and penniless, life must al most have seemed too bitter and worth less a thing to struggle for. Now she could understand why she had left Philip— why, proud and sensi tive as_ she was, she would not remain with him to incur debt or countenance his life of idleness and poverty. Poor, brave little girl! Sho had never known , what it was to earn a penny during all her life; but she had preferred to go out alone into the strange, unfeeling world, to battle far herself, rather than subject herself to the mortification and disgrace of living at her ease as the wife of a shiftless hanger-on, who was too vainly proud and stubborn to work for her. Then the thought came to ber t-nat perhaps Philip had adopted this very course for the sake .of driving her to desperate measures, so that he conld have an excuse for a permanent separa tion. _ She believed that he was capable of this, for she had always felt quite sure that he never would have married Arley if there had been no fortune to : be won with her. She saw, now, that this story about her making appointments and receiving money from a gentleman in Madrid,! was but a distorted account of the ne gotiations regarding the sale of her drawings; while, doubtless, bis tale about her going away with the young Englishman had been coloured to her disadvantage, in the same way to fur ther his own ends. She knew well enough that Arley would never do anything to compromise her dignity or> purity of character. Oh, if she only knew where to find her, she would have flown to her at once,- and compelled her to come home and live with her during the remainder of her life. "Her happiness has been wrecked, and my future most be a lonely one," she murmured, with a weary sigh, "but perhaps Arley and I conld find some thing of comfort in our love for each other. If she will come back to me. we will make a home together somewhere." Then -her thoughts turned to that other story of the shipwreck and "lost baby Allie," of whioh Jane Collins had told her. " It is a clue," she said, her face lighting, "though how much . can be proved by it remains to be seen; but, darling, we will follow it up — we will 'leave no stone unturned.'. Oh, Arley, Arley, if it should be true, as I hope, that yon belong to a noble house — that you have a right to a name of which anyone -might be proud, how I should exidt for your sake, and also because it would be the very punishment, of all others, which ought to fall upon that wretch who has so ill-used you." The carriage was stopped before the Langham, and who should step forward to assist her to alight but Philip Pax- ton himself. The warm colour instantly faded from Lady Elaine's cheeks ; her eyes grew , cold and proud, and, without so much as a glance to show that she heeded his presence or his proffered hand, she leaned forward and gave an order to her coachman in a low tone of voice; then she gave him her hand and de scended from the carriage, and, with a slight bend of her haughty head to Philip, whom she could not quite ignore in the presence of several acquaintances who were standing upon the steps, she passed quickly into the hotel and np to her own room. (To be continued.) 