AMIDST CHRISTMAS SNOWS By HEDLEY RICHARDS. CHAPTER I.— AT GLAD CHRIST MAS-TIME. "Now, Ruth, do bfe quick, or I shall not bo in time." "Oh, Miss Peggy, there's no hurry; liis -lordship won't he here for a quarter of an hour." hush, if my father should find out that lie is coming there would be mur der," said Peggy Hume, an anxious look crossing her beautiful face, which was reflected in the long mirror oppo- elte which she was seated, while her maid dressed her hair. "Now, don't look troubled, Miss Peggy, you know you're bound to be the belle of the ball, and ought to look light-hearted." 1 Her young mistress sighed as she said: "How can I look happy when my father is so harsh? How would you feel if you were separated from your sweet heart?" "Well, miss, I expect I should meet him on the sly, as you do." "Yes, but it's unfair. Lord Burwood is everything anyone could wish, only- he is poor, and I have money enough for both, so what does it matter?" "The general thinks it does, you see, Miss Peggy, and I'm afraid if you marry his lordship, you'll go empty- handed; and, truth to tell, I've wished once or twice he'd kept in those out landish foreign parts till you were safely wed." "I daresay, to such as Squire Hud- spith, with his hands full of gold, and not an ancestor to call his own," said the girl, scornfully. "There, now, that will do, Miss Peggy, said the maid, as she arranged the last golden tress. A minute or two more and Peggy's toilette was com pleted, and Ruth looked admiringly at the tall, graceful girl, who was known for many a mile as the beautiful Miss Hume, or, as her intimate friends called her, "Lovely Peggy." Dressed all in white, with a look of expectation in her large, blue eyes, she appeared at her best. "Come, be quick, Ruth, don't stand gazing." said the girl, as she seized a long, white cloak lined with fur, and with her maid's assistance wrapped her self in it. "Do you think you'll be warm enough, Miss Peggy? It's an awful cold night; the snow's lying deep in the park, and the lake is frozen hard enough to drive a coach and four over it. The villagers are saying this Christmas of 1819 will be remembered for many a year." Peggy stood still. "I've a fancy I shall remember it. I've had the feeling on me all day that some thing was going to happen. But go, Ruth, and see if the way is clear. I will follow cautiously, and if there is any one about, cough, to warn me." "Yes, Miss Peggy." Ruth answered as she left the room, followed by her young mistress, who glided along the corridors, prepared at any moment to hide behind a statue, if any of the nume rous guests should appear, but she was pretty safe, as they were all busy dress ing for the ball. Once in the great hall, the two girls, mistress and maid, went swiftly across it. and the former opened a door at one end that led into a small drawing-room, i Glancing round she saw that the room was empty, and turning to Ruth, she 6aid : "It's all right; you can go." "With a satisfied smile, the maid closed the door after her young mistress, who crossed the room and turned the handle of a glass door which led into a small conservatory that was connected with a larger one, into which the big drawing- room opened. In a little time both con servatories would be lighted, but just then were almost dark, save for the white snow, which made the night seem lighter. On the threshold Peggy paused, and then a well-known voice said: "My darling, the minutes have seemed like houre," and as her lover spoke he "Peggy, I saw your father this morning, took her In his arms and kissed her. and I asked him again for you, but he grave me a more decided no, and bade me never set my foot In Hydon Hall again, and, by Heaven, I never would have done but for your sweet sake; and even for the sake of my queenly Peggy it has not mated with my honor to creep in here like a thief in the night," he said, raising his voice slightly in- his anger. "Hush, Dick! You have done well to come, because I have something to tell you. My father says I must wed Squire Hudspith?" "What, that lout; a man whose father bought his ancestors with the house and park. Surely your father has too much pride of birth to let you become his wife." "Nay, Dick, I am to be prepared to be his bride within three months. To morrow he will spend the day here; even "BLUSHING PEGGY THREW OFF HER CLOAK. AND STOOD IN' ALL HER WHITE LOVELINESS liEFOHE HIM." to-night it is to' be whispered that we are plighted lovers." "Peggy, you will never consent to this," lie said, drawing her closer to him. "Never; but what can a woman do? My father told me to-day that if I did not comply with his wishes he would lock me up until my wedding day. Oh, Dick, save me!" and Peggy Hung her white arms round his neck. "So help me heaven, 1 will! To night I will go to my great aunt, Mistress Acton, of Acton Grange. She loves me not, be cause I am my father's son, and my mother wedded him against her wlli ; but she is rich, and could well spare the sixteen thousand pounds which would clear the mortgage off my estate. Then, though not rich, I should be able to give you something of the home your father wants for you." "But Acton Grange is a long way off," she said, looking up at him. "What of that? The white mare will carry me there and back before morning, i Then, early to-morrow, if my luck is good, I will again ask your father for vou." "And if not?" she said, in a trembling voice. "Nay, sweetheart, do not lose courage. I will find a way to get you from here, and yve will be man and wife in spite of your father — so be, if you are not afraid of poverty. And now, hefc-re I go, let me feast my eyes on your beauty; I would see you In all your ball-room splendor." Blushing, but pleased, Peggy threw off her cloak and stood in all her white love liness before him, like a pure white lily. "Sweetheart, you are too fair for any ' man; but seeing you are too lovely to be left to bloom alone, 1 must be tbe one to have you for mine own," he said. Then, kissing her, he wrapped her cloak around her, saying, "Look your loveliest and be your brightest, Peggy. Dance with each and all, and remembfer that your lover rides to win." "God grant you may," she replied, re turning his kis. Then, as he passed out of the conservatory into the park, she i also left it and returned to her chamber, where she remained until it was time to join her aunt— who, since the death of Peggy's mother, had managed the general's house— in welcoming the guests. That night Peggy Hume was one of the gayest of the gay. She danced and she laughed with all save Squire Hudspith. True, she dare not refuse to dance with him; but her face was grave and her manner listless until she found another partner. Once the general warned her to mind how she treated her affianced lover, and she looked him saucily in the face while she said: "He is not here," and away she danced while a prayer went up from her heart that God would keep her lever safe on that cold wintry night. At one o'clock the guests departed, save those who were staying in the house, and Peggy retired; and as Ruth helped her to undress, she thought of her lover. "Miss Peggy, they're saying you looked lovelier than ever to-night," said the maid. "Are they? Well, never mind; I'm tired and sleepy," replied her young mis tress, with a yawn. CHAPTER II.— IN THE MOONLIGHT. "It's a bitter night," said the landlord of the Three Jolly Hunters, as he stood in front of the huge fire in the bar par- | lor, and looked round upon his guests. I The room was scrupulously clean, the ' floors had been fresh sanded, the brasses on the mantelpiece shone, sprigs of holly and mistletoe adorned the room, and al together it had a most inviting look. Apparently the villagers of Hydon— at least the men-kind — were of that opinion, asja goodly number were seated at a com fortable distance from the fire, talking and "smoking their pipes. "There's going to be a grand ball up at the Hall to-night," remarked the vil lage carpenter. "Yes, I suppose it's in honor of Miss Peggy's affair being settled, " said the host. "What! is she going to wed his" lord ship?" asked a mnn with a dissipated look, who was known as Surly Tom. "No, the general wouldn't listen to him. Miss Peggy's to marry Squire Hud spith. "Well, ho be a beauty," said the other. "Almost as handsome as you, Tom," said another fellow. "Anyway, he's got the gold, and that's what his lordship hasn't; but it's a burning_£haine to spoil such a handsome co#j5liTf a fie anJNMTss Peggy would have rd . a pity sofcgqpeVloesn t leave him g fforriipepiimn i the ifertal would lot him . ha v, extras' man at the fur- \KeV end of the room; £ ilt old tales, he's got treasure If he'd only search for it," safStfiemndlord. "What do you moan, Joe?" was heard on all hands, and all eyes were fixed on him. He smiled. "Well, seeing it's Christmas Eve, I don't mind telling you the story ; but it's dry'work talking, so I'll stand glasses all round," he said, remembering that winter and summer they were good custo mers. When every man had got his whisky and water, the landlord took his pipe out of his mouth and began : "You've all seen that cross which stands on the roadside close to the woods, and read that it was set up in memory of James. Lord Burwood, who was killed fighting for his king at the battle of Sheriffmuir in 1715. That's a hundred and four years ago, but Lord, how few generations it takes to link us to that time. "When the unfortunate Lord Burwood was killed, his estates were taken by the Crown, and the son was deprived of the title. "Lady Burwood, the widow (who had some private means), went to live quietly in the South of England, and brought up her two sons in seclusion. She had always been against her husband join ing the Stuarts' cause, her sympathies being with the reigning king, and she tried to make her sons think as she did. The elder one declared that his sympa thies were with the Stuarts, but as he was delicate and lived a quiet, retired life, it did not make much difference. He married a lady of good birth, but no fortune. The younger son, who was his mother's favorite, entered the king's army, and fought against the Pretender, as Prince Charlie was called, In 1746. For his bravery and the way he espoused the king's cause he had both his father's title and estates restored to him a year after the death of bis elder brothr, who died comparatively young, leaving one son, the father of the present Lord Bur wood. When Rupert, Lord Burwood, had won back his estates, he retired from the army and married a rich lady, but there was a bitter drop in his cup — they hadn't any children — and the dash ing soldier turned into a bookworm. His wife died a miserable old woman, and he lived many a year after her. His present lordship, who had lost his father, suc ceeded his great uncle. You all re member the talk there was nine years ago when it was found that the estate was heavily mortgaged, and not a penny of money saved, yet the o'.d lord had lived like a miser, and he'd had the estate over fifty years. He was nine'.y- six when he died. Now that fact almost took folks' breath away, but something stranger was the putting up of a cross in memory of his father, whom he'd always scoffed at. 1 beard say that be did the world might knur,- bis and he was the of Burwoods- But >!W'%ndfath';H'ji3\ifis lordship's valet fpi' ntjiifoa- Jong \and lie, with my \rnitih er'ir n r'sbd'> \h i i n in liis last fljnoss, and "W&$nlwSa;!'s said that a box eoWa'ilisjtg .Jreasupe Jiap been placed in t h e mqsim i'jYTj n d Q rt 1 ) g-'e re s IC very body knew jyqp.Wr>: was buried under the cross, but his lordship gave it out as it contained manuscripts relating to iho two rebellions in favor of the Sluarts, and he said at some time they would be of great value to the nation, but my grandfather stuck to it— the box con tained treasure, which, of couise. by right, would belong to his present lord ship." " But what made him put it there?" asked the sexton. " Because he disliked his great- nephew ; he had always disliked his brother, and it was gall and wormwood to him to think that he had no sons, and his brother's grandson would inherit the title. In the end, however, he also left the estate to the present lord." "It's a good yarn, but there's nowt in it," said an old man. Then they all called for glasses, and tales were told, and one or two of the younger men sang as the hours sped on, but none drank more than Surly Tom, the blacksmith, and what wa.s more, he paid for glass after glass for the village carpenter till, when they had all turned out at midnight, Surly Torn, who could carry any amount of drink, had to give his companion his arm. " Come along with me. Jack, and spend the night. Thank the Lord we've neither of us got wives to wonder where we are." "The ouid mother," muttered Jack. "Oh, she'll think you've gone carol- singing over at the duke's, and got too drunk to walk home," said Surly Tom. Jack made no objection.and they walk ed on until they came to a cottage adjoin- inghe blacksmith's smithy. Opening the door Surly Tom led the way into the house, and raking up the fire he got some hot water and mixed a couple of glasses of hot grog. "Nov,-, Jack, you and me's going to find out what's in that box under the cross along Burwood road." "I'LL GIVE YOU ONE CHANCE TO GET AWAY, AND IF YOU DON'T, I LL USE THIS." t Jack looked startled, the proposal had even reached his befogged brain. "We'd get into trouble,'' he said. Nonsense, man. Who's to know we've done anything ? And we'll be rich men the rest of our lives." While he was speaking, Surly Tom had collected various tools. Then he said: "Come on, Jack; it'll be rare sport." . " Rare sport! I'm your man," said the other, and in another minute they were standing outside the cottage. Then Tom put his arm within his companion's, and they set off along the Burwood road, which was bordered on each side by a thick wood of giant oaks, beeches, etc., now bare of leaves, but looking lovely as the moon shone on their snow-covered branches. On the road the snow lay deep, and the two men made their way forward with difficulty. About half way from 13s s village to Burwood Castle stood the marble cross, built on the roadside, and a little way behind it was a stile leading to a path over a bridge, which crossed the brook that ran through the wood, (hen up the field to another wood which terminated at Hydon Hall. Pausing in front of the cross, Surly Tom read the inscription. Then he raised his crowbar, as the distant church clock struck two. "The folks will be gone home from the bail, seeing it's Christmas Day to-mor row," lie thought, pausing with the weapon uplifted ; then, down it came with a crash, and pieces of marble flew. "Now, Jack, it's your turn." "Ay, it's my turn," and Jack gave tbe marble a blow, which was followed by another from Surly Tom. The cross loitered and fell backward, with the inscription upwards, and the two men stood looking at each other. Sniiiehow the fall of the cross seemed to have sobered Jack, who exclaimed: "Oh, Lend, what have I done." "A stjoke of luck, or I'm out of It," said tiie o;he;\ "Come, you may as well go on," and he began raising the solid piece of marble which formed the base of tiie structure. After a minute's hesitation Jack help ed him, and vrvy soon the marble was raised, revealing a squa:e cavity which had been neatly bricked, and in it rested a strong iron box. about a foot long. "Now for it," and the blacksmith tri.d to smash the lock: hut it was strong, and it was rome little time before it yielded. Surly Tom lifted the lid, and there, with the pale moonlight gleaming on them, lay diamonds and pearls. "My. what beauties!' he exlaimcd. "Worth a king's ransom," said his companion. CHAPTER III. Peggy Hume slept, and in her sleep she dreamed that her lover called to her, saying she must meet him at the marble cross which had been erected to the me mory of his ancestor. Still deep in slumber the girl rose to obey Hi e dream-call, and dressing her self, she donned the white bail gown which lay near, then she put on the white fur-lined cloak and drew the hood over her head. Going- down stairs she unfastened a side door and stepped on to a lawn which was covered with snow. Crossing this she wended her way down the drive, then, instead of going down a private road which led on to the high road, she turned along a laiiOj past the back of a farm. After going some distance she came to a stile, which she climbed over, and crossing a field entered the wood which bordered Burwood high road. On she went until she came 1o the bridge which crossed the brook, tlien she climbed a narrow path which led to the stile. In another moment she had reached it and stood on the stone step with her wide open eyes fixed on the cross, but in reality, not seeing anything. At that moment Surly Tom happened to raise his eyes, and as they rested on that motionless white figure he uttered a loud yell that caused his companion to drop the box he was just lifting out of its hiding-place, and some Of the dia monds fell on the broken cross. "Oh, Lord, have mercy upon us!" he said, in an awe-struck tone. But the yell and the sharp clatter of the box had aroused Peggy from her slumber, and as she awoke to her sur roundings, she became conscious of two things, first that she had been walking in her sleep; secondly, that the cross had been broken and a box evidently full of precious stones was being rifled by two villains. Now Peggy Hume had her father's bravery, so without a moment' t hesita tion she rushed forward to defend what she believed must be her lover's pro perty, seeing it had ben hidden beneath the cross. As she advanced Jack howl- — — . — - - I. ed and sprang back, but Surly Tom had recognised in what he had helleved to l»e a ghost the face of Miss Peggy Hume. 1 "Hoots man; it's only the general's .daughter. You'll never let a woman Stand between you and wealth," . he said; then going up to Peggy he con tinued: "Now, miss, you'll have to let my mate take you as far as my cottage "tvhile I carry the jewels. "Put them down; they belong to Lord Eur wood," Peggy exclaimed, as she caught up the crowbar which lay on the ground and held it aloft in such a threatening manner that Surly Tom re- ' treated while be growled: . "Put that down or it will be worse for you." "I'll give you one chance to get away, and it you don't take it 1 shall use this," she said, swinging the crowbar aloft. The two men looked at her and in stinctively realised that in spite of her Slight, graceful figure, she was a self- possessed, vigorous young woman, with both the will and the power to bring the weapon down with force, and for a moment even Surly Tom hesitated. Then he rallied his courage and called out: "You go for her in front, while I do behind;" but Peggy was too quick for them. She stepped back to the wall, swinging the crowbar in such a manner that it was dangerous to come near. But it was only a question of time; she would tire sooner than these strong -men, and Peggy knew it, yet she re-! solved to defend her lover's properly to' the last moment. But her strength was beginning to give way when a muffled sound fell on her ear, and the man Jack uttered a cry: "Death on the white horse!' and rush- Ed across the road and up the snow- covered bank on the other side. Both Peggy and Surly Tom looked round, and surely enough a white horse was approaching, bearing on his back a' rider who appeared to be dressed all in black, but that he was no ghostly visi tant was evident from the way he dug his spurs into his horse and tried to hasten the poor brute's movements. i "Dick!" Peggy called out, recognising: her lover as he drew nearer. "Oh, Lord!" muttered Surly Tom; and without a word he followed Ids friend. "My darling, what does this mean?" exclaimed Dick (Lord Burwood) as he .dismounted from his horse and took his Bweetlieart into his arms, and nestling close to him Peggy told how she had come there in her sleep and disturbed the thieves. "Thank God I was here in time to save you from harm. Evidently those fel lows have heard the tale, as I have done, that treasure was hidden under the cross. I always regarded it as a fable but it seems I was mistaken, and now, sweetheart, you must ride in front of me as far as the Hall. Well take this treasure with us," he said, gathering up the scattered jewels and placing them in the box, which Peggy carried in her arms, while he held her in the saddle in front of him, and so they rode to the gate which led into the parJsttTT 7. They then dismountrtkap&Dhhvir; fastened his horse's hJJsHTie gaTe," he accompanied PeggjjJEij&he; side.-djor; "Good night, s\vajfhje£rt,'T "Hide the diamonds jJft yoqAjyiwn room, and to-morrow I wsifrcjaiffl""' them, an you. They will more \yfan clear ih e gage off my estate. -sjffiy "oo&hjieKrc; - fused to help me, and I -\tas®S5¥fmg home castdown and heart-sick, but now I s!;a!l hope;" and, kissing her, the young Lord Burwood left his lovely Peggy and roda home. The next morning he visited Hydon Hall, and when the general saw the dia monds and pearls, which were worth fifty or sixty thousand pounds, he changed liis mind, and sending for Peggy, lie put her hand in Dick's and hade them be happy. "So, after ail, you rode to win," said his sweetheart. "Yes .to win the loveliest bride that ever man had— sweet Peggy Hume." And so on that happy Christmas morn ing they spoke of the bliss that was theirs, while in the village the tale of the broken cross was told, and how Miss Peggy had been led thither in her sleep, and woke to defend her lover's treasure. Lord Burwood, in his happiness, decid ed that the would-be thieves should not be sought after, or punished, so long as they kept clear of the neighborhood, see ing that their lawlessness had led to him winning the woman he loved. "God bless the lovers, both this and every Christmas!!' were the words utter ed in each cottage where Lord Burwood and his intended bride were named.— "London Weekly Budget." 