BED ROSES: a mystery, \ complete in tbis issue. 1 BV Ii. T. MF3JDE, Author of " The l'ollov Drawing Room," «»Xho Medicine Lady," "Tho Siren," "The Wooing of Monica," "Dr. Rumsev's Patient, " &c.;," &o.; corntianT. II E house tvas H very tall and nnr- jj row and thin, and , 8 it faced tho sea. j > Ifti sid on the top i » of a hill, and there was a long garden | at the back and a big | courtyard in front. It was a slim house, with as little body as possible. The sun, however, shone in at all the windows, and in every direction, from every point of view might be seen the spark ling blue waves and the low hills at the other side of the Bay, and the fish ing smacks and pleasure boats sailing on the bosom of the water. Tho view was all that was picturesque, and the house itself, notwithstanding that tho winds howled through it in winter, and tho sun seemed to scorch it in summer, was a favourite residence. It was never long empty, but thero was one curious thing about it. The tenants who came went away as a rule at. I he end of tho first year. They made no complaint whatever, they never said that they found the plncc un comfortable or that the moaning of the wind kept them awake, but nevertheless they gave notice to their landlord, packed bag and baggage, and made off. Onn of the chief characteristics of the plaeo was the profusion of red loses which climbed up the walls of tho old gray house and bloomed ill the garden — red roses of every shade and variety, blossoming abun dantly and shedding tbeir petals all over tlio ground. Some of Ibem grew in clus ters, some singly — come were of a deep crimson, some were of a paler shade, but all of them had damask hearts and the sweetest perfume, and seemed to betoken lavish plenty and happiness and goodwill. Nevertheless, there was a legend about the old house which referred to the fact that tlioro was a certain mystery about these roses, that they had been planted by onu whose lot had not been happy, anil whoso death had been dark and terrible. There was a room in the house with a stain oil the floor which 110 amuiint of scrubbing and soap and soda could remove. It seemed to he indented into tho very boards, and this room was not a restful chamber, and only those whose nerves wore of the strongest eared to sleep in it. Putting all these circumstances together, tho house was let at a low rent, and when on a certain summer's day I came tu Alver- stoko to look round me for a cheap and cheerful habitation, I was much taken with the slender house and its graceful surround ings I inquired of the landlord, who told mo that I cuuld have it for the moderate sum of £30 a year. There were plenty of rooms, good-sized ones too, the air was qf the freshest and sweetest, the ruses were ill perfection, and I closed with the matter immediately. In a month's time I arrived on the scene with my sister, a little older than .myself, and a great invalid. Our furniture had gone on before us, and soon we wens eomfortabiy settled in the tall house on the top of the hill Wo knew a few friends in the place, who called on as and expressed surprise at our settling down in their midst. " Though why, Miss Lovell, you should have come to this especial house bafilcs inc." said Mrs. Hornibrooke, a buxom lady of about thirty years of ago. " And why not this house?" said my sis ter. She eauiu forward to a chair close to Mrs. Hornibrooke, and looked up into her face. My sister Josephine had a- thin face, pale, big blue eyes, and liglit- browu liair. She had the somewhat worn appearance of a per son in bad health, but tbure wus a look of such dignity about her, licr limnners were so gentle, her voice so sweet, that most people fell in lovo with licr oil the spot. As for mo, iny name was Patricia, and I was round and buxom and rosy, and pro fessed to laugh at nerves, and, as to ghosts, I did not believe in them. Well, Mrs. Hornibrooke now looked mys terious, and nodded her head, and said : " Notwithstanding all tliosa red roses in tho garden and the sunshine and the big rooms, I would rather have a little house, with no garden at all, in- the town." " "Why?" asked Josephine. "Because, my dear, I valuo my quiet nights," was her ambiguous reply. Another visitor who happened to be pre- ' sent gnvo her a warning look, and sho did not say anything moro. Josephino glanced at mo. I shook iny head emphatically. " Now you want to toll us that the place is haunted," I said, " and neither Josephino nor I believe in the very least in ghosts." "Ah, well, dear, ah, well," said Mrs. Hornibrooke, in a still moro ambiguous manner. "Nonsense, Mary; the girls have come now, and must make tho best of things," said a Miss Jolmson, who was also one of our guests. "For my part, I think it is very courageous of the Lovelis to come here, and they may break down the super stition. All I can "say is this, Miss Lovell: I hope you won't go at tho end of the first year." "Why should we?" answorcd Josephine; "we have como to live hero ail our days." " Poor soul, poor soul," said Mrs. Horni brooke. "Well, there are plenty of houses to be had in Alvcrstoke, amjl it is a pretty little place, and healthy too. You'll enjoy the spring hero both of you with all tho fishing. The mackerel fishing is one of the features of the place, and it is a sight worth seeing when the nets arc drawn up." She turned the conversation, tea was brought in ; the ladies had a cup each, and went their way. When they were gone Josephine and I sat by the open windows of the drawing room. The scent of the roses came in ; they were in perfection at that moment. " What a pity that they shed their petals so fast," I said. "I hate waste of any sort. I tell you what it is, Josephine, we'll make some pot- pourri. I havo got an old-fashioned rcoipu of my grand mother's. I'll collect tho rose petals im mediately, and that shall bo your employ ment." Josephine sat quite listless and still as I spoke. She often got into that state of mind, and I wondered what she was think ing about. "T would rather not," she said then, very slowly. "But why, dear; you are so fond of roses." " So fond of them that I havo come here against my better judgment," she answered. "Now what do you mean by that?" " I had a dream the night before I came, one of those threo times repeated dreams which make such an impression. In each of those dreams I was haunted by a man who said the one sentence — 'Don't go to tho house with the red roses.' He was an ordinary-looking person of middle age, with a freckled face and a cruel sneer about his mouth. He did not belong to a past gene ration. Ho was dressed as any other man would be in the present day, but be warned me most emphatically, and I am sorry now that I did not listen to him." " Oh. nonsense," I answered, " anybody would have a dream of that sort, and you remember, Josephine, we were so excited at getting the house so cheap. Well, for my part I am charmed with it, and I don't mean to leave it at the end of a year, what ever Mrs. Hornibrooke and Miss Johnson may say." " As we are here, we will stay," remarked Josephine. " I would not leave on any con sideration," she continued. "I am im mensely interested." "In the house, dear, and the garden?" "In more than that," she replied very softly. "Now, Josephine, what do you mean?" " What I say, Patricia." Then she looked me full in tho face. " Have you slept well since you came here?' sho asked. "Admirably," I replied. "I havo been tired with the unpacking, and havo slept like a top. And you, dear, your nights have been good, have they not?" ' Fairly good," she answered, " but I ani very mucb interested. I cannot say any more at present. Don't question me, Pat." Pat was ber liamo for me when she wanted to subdue mc altogether. I rushed away, brought in a cup of strong beef-tea, and macle ber drink it. "I declare," I said, "you must have heard some of the neighbours' mutterings. The house is not haunted, there is nothing whatever tho matter with it, and I mean to cover the dinner table with red roses to-night." So I did, and Josephine was just like her old self, very sweet and gentle and not at all depressed, and I rejoiced moro than ever at our bargain and at the lovely home we had scoured for ourselves. Tho next day I made arrangements with a boatman to take us out every evening on tho water, and Josephine enjoyed her life Heat Basil, inflammation, itching, irritation, anil chafing, undue or offensive perspiration, and many aanativo uses, nothing is socooi. ing, -purifying, anil refreshing as a batn with Cutiocbs eoai-. greatest of alrin bcantiflora and purest of toilet soap3, and gentle anoint-- ingo with Cciiocba, purest of emollient skin-cures. ______ Bol-l-CT8nrirht«. BriUahdaimtiF-HswBaET nSoss. Fendon. SicBoli depots Mimrrwli. Sa»trfc!i»u <lcOTI=It--rwna e-Co., Sydney. Ternx-Saoa xxv G«,ir.-e:cttr.VSole Proper uoetoir, IT. 3-A- moro thnn ever, and more and moro people came to call on us, and we settled down quito snugly in tho beautifnl little placo, and I forgot tho warning that tho Indies hnd given ine, and tho mysterious wav they had talked about the red roses. Summer passed away and winter came. Tho roses had all ceased to flower. In stead of flowers however they had put on scarlet berries and still they made' a show oi colour in the garden. I used to take great bunches of berries now to decorate tho table with, and friends came to stay with us, very glad of the chango and of the mild air of tho South of England. I never felt so well in my life, but there was something about my sister which did not quite jilcose me. It was not that sho complained, not in the very least, but she did not look well, her face got thinner and thinuer, and her eyes larger and - larger, and sho walked more feebly, and sat oftener and oftener by the -window which looked into the garden without speaking. " Does this place agree with you, Joseph ine?" I said on a certain November morn ing. "Oh yes, dear," sho replied. "Why do you ask?" "Only you don't look well." " I am never strong, you know, Patricia. I am as well here as anywhere." "Would you like to go away for a change? Perhaps three or four weeks in land would do you good?" I queried. "I am quite well," she replied. "1 would not leave for anything." "And are you still interested?" I said. I bent forward as I spoke and took one of her hands. Sho was only twenty-four years of age, and I was only twenty- two. Wo were young still, with all our youth in us, and in all the world I loved Josephine best. I had never had any lover, no love affair had in any way crossed my path, aud I did not think I wanted one. My sister was all- sufficient to me, and now, as I looked at her pale, pale face and noted her hand, which was thinner than it ought to be, I asked her again, almost passion ately : " Are you still interested?" "Very much so; immensely," she an swered. "And do you still have bad nights?" " Not bad nights ; but I don't sleep ; at least, I sleep very little," she answered. I looked out of. the window, the sky was leaden, aud the sea was no longer blue, it was gray and angry with wliite horses, many of them riding on its snrfaco. The X>lcastiro boats had been all put away for the season, and the inhabitants of Alver- stoko bad settled down to tbeir winter avocations. "After all, it is a dull little place," I said, " when the sun lcave3 tho water and the blue leaves the sky, and the roses cease to bloom; it is not worth burying one's self here. Shall we go to Italy, shall wo spend tho. winter abroad? I want you to get away from that which interests you and which you won't talk about," I said to my sister. "Ob, it is all right," sho replied; "I wouldn't leave for the world I am in tensely interested." That night the wind roso and rose. It roared in the chimney pots and through tho long passages, and cried to us as if it had a voice, and I thought I began to understand quito an ordinary and rational reason why the people who came to tho tall, thin house did not care to stay there very long. It was only a summer resi dence: it was not fit for the gales and storms of winter. I went to iny window and looked out. Josephino slept on the drawing-room floor. She had the best bedroom in the house. It wont as a matter of course that sho .should havo this, for sho had always been, so frail and delicate. My bedroom wus' on tho top floor.: It had -a dressing room opening - into it, but . thero was lie other entraiiiici to the dressing room but through my bedroom. When I entered tho rooni at night I as a rule locked the outer, door. Josephino used to lock her door too. It was a habit, perhaps not a very- safe one, which wo had accustomed ourselves to. We only kept one servant, a very good one, anil she slept in a room in a little wing off the main part of the house. Thus Josephine had the drawing-room floor to herself, and I hod tlio upper floor to myself. It turned cold, too, that night, vory eokl, and Josophino asked for a fire in her room. She never cared that I should como into her room — I mean since wo moved into the house with the red roses. When I went to my room the wind had slightly abated, the fire was laid in the grate. I felt for the first- timo since f entered this house a queer numb, mysterious sensation stealing over me. I did not like it. I said to myself, " My nerves avo giving way; tho house of course is all right, but it is the look on Josephine's face. She is fascinated by this queer house. I wish with all my heart we had never come. In order to dissipate my nervousness I set a match to the lire, which soon blazed up merrily. There is no such companion for driving away depression as a. bright fire. I sat over it, and presently, in order to heighten tho effect-, blow out my candles and allowed tho pretty room to bo lit by the flicker of the firelight alone. The wind, which had calmed down for a little, now roso with redoubled, fury. It shrieked and- sighed round the slender house, and it seemed to me that the house itself shook with the fury of the gale. The little clock on the mantelpiece ticked away the minutes. I looked up and saw that it was between eleven and twelve o'clock. " Oil, conic," I said to myself, " I must get into bed, I shall be good for uotbing to-morrow, and I. want to do a great deal." I had started gardening and the care of poultry on a small scale, and wanted to get up early the following morning to see after my pets. I took off my dress and hung it np in tho wardrobe. I put on a warpi flannel dressing gown, and sat down again by the fire. Raising my hand, I took down my thick, dark hair, and began slowly to brush it preparatory to getting into bed. As I did so I heard distinctly and very quietly in my car the following words : "Patricia, I want you at once." I turned round. " Why, what in the world is tho mutter, Josephine, and how did you get into tlic room? The door is locked," I cried. My heart beat fast. Josephine was not in the room, there was no ono there, and yet I had heard the words, "Patricia, I want you at once." I must have dreamt them, of course I had dreamt them. I walked as far as the door, unlocked It, and looked down into the dark passages. I could just see a shadow of the lial! window and tho shadow of the stairs as tlicy went down and down towards tho drawing-room landing where Josephino slept. There was not a sound of any sort. I relackcd the door, and went back again to my placo by tho tire. " I am getting nervous," I said to my myself, "I understand now why people could not stand more than a year in tho house. Of course, Josephine did not speak to me." This thought had scarcely passed through my inind before I again heard the quietly spoken and yet intensely earnest words, " Patricia, I want yon at once." "Oh! what is wrong?" I cried. I stood up and clasped my hands. " What is wrong with Josephine?" In tny anxiety about her I almost forgot my own nervous troubles. I flew across the room, unlocked the door, and rushed down stairs. I bad got about balf-way when I saw Josephine coming up to meet me. Her face was white, whiter than any living face that I had ever seen. Hor eyes were wide open and staring; she clasped my hand. " What is it, what is it?" I said ; "-what is the matter, Josie? Tell me, tell me." "What is the matter with you?" was her reply; "you called me just" now." "I did not," I answered. "You did — you came into my room — at least your voice came, for the door was locked. Yon said, ' Josephine, I want you at once.'" "No, no, it was you said that," I re plied. "You came to my room though tho door was locked, and you said, ' Patri cia, I want you at once.' " " Then wo were both called," said Jose phine. She staggered back against the avail, her hands were locked tightly to gether. " This is very awful !" sho said. " Oil, never mind, darling," I said, " it must have been faucy oil both our parts." .".Fancy !" she said with a shudder ; " no( Patricin, it was 110' fancy. You heard the voice, you cannot deny it." "I certainly did. We wove both called, hut not by one another. Who, wants us, Josexihine?" ' " God only knows," replied Josexihine. " We must get out of this house," I said, "it is too awful." " No, are cannot leave," sho rex>lied. She turned to go back to her room. " Josephine, I must sleep with you to night ; you cannot bo alone." "I cannot have you," she said, "I must sleep by myself. - It docs not mutter, it is only a continuation of what I have long endured, of what " " Of what interests you?" I said. "Jose-, phinc, you must not sleep alone in that room." "I shall not be alone," sho said. The expression on her face was quite awful. Sho closed tho door very quietly, nnd 1' heard tho key turn in the lock. , For a moment I had a wild desire to batter that door in, but restrained myself. What was tlio matter with my sister? Was sho losing her senses? But, O God in heaven, who had called us? Who wanted 1110 at once? Who was the awful being who also wanted Josephine at once? What was wrong? what was wrong? It is little to say that I did not sleep that, niglic.. I crept back to my room, got into bed, and lay there trembling. No ono l'o- X>eatcd the call, nothing happened to dis turb me. The storm went down in the night. In the morning tbo sun was shining brightly. It wus a summer's day in the midst of winter. I got up ; I felt old, as if quite ten years had go'no over my head. 1 got into my ulotlies, -and went languidly downstairs. Tho sunshine and the look of the waves out side, and the garden with some late autumn flowers still hi full bloom, afforded mc little or no comfort. Tho house was haunt ed, wo must leave it immediately. 1 de termined to lake Josephino away by main force. I in my rndc physical health was surely strong enough to effect Ibis removal. Sho seldom got up to breakfnst, and I did not expect to find her in tho breakfast room that morning. But sliu was there, neatly dressed as usual, with just her old dignity about her. She was standing by tho table.. She turned us soon as ever 1 camo in. I began to speuk, but she held up her hand. "Wo will not mention it," she said, "1 would rather not. We must drop a cur tain between last night nnd to-day." " But I cannot, I must speak of it!" I sniil. "No," was her answer, "you must not. But, Patricia, I want to talk of something else." " What, dear? Oh, darliug, how ill you look ! What do you want to talk of?" " I wish to move into another bedroom." " All," I said, " that is a good sign ; but where? Gould not you sleep in the dress ing room inside iny room?" I continued, as a sudden idea came to nic, " wo should both ho close together then ready to defy " "Hush!" said Josexihine, "not that room I want to go into tho room with tho stain on the floor." " Oh, but that room really is haunted. No ono will use it. You must not sleep there, Josexihine." "I wish to, I must," she answered. It was in vain for nie to argue wilh her. From being an easiiv-led and in many ways an undecided jiersou sho was now like the finest steel. Nothing would move her — sho might bend a little under intense per suasion, but sho always sprang back again to the same position. What sho wished to do had to be done, and sho had licr pretty bedroom exchanged for a. hideous upnrt- incnt looking out on to tho courtyard, a damx>, dark, ill- favoured room; with that mysterious red stain on the floor. I my self rushed away when I saw the ugly stain and brought in a rug to cover it, hut when I went back again an hour later Josephine had moved the rug, and the stain showed out a dull reddish-brown on the white hoards. "The stain which no one could ever get out," I murmured to myself. Josephine bustled about putting the room into order, and that night went to bed without a trace of apxiarcnt nervousness in her manner. I also went to bed, and nothing at all happened, but in the morning the look on my sister's face was terrible to see, and each morning now, asT watched her, her face changed for the worse, until from being a young girl, delicate it is true, but with all the fragile beauty of youth, now sho began to age and age,- until froin fouv- and-twenty she got to fouv-and-lhirty aud oven four-and-forty, and oven older vet did she look, nnd her light, soft hair be came flecked with gray, and her eyes grew larger and larger in her thin, thin' face. When I felt her hand, too, it was vury hot. I boro this for a month or two, and then I could bear it no longer. 'n!sx>ite of her self I was determined to take her out of that room. One evening late sho went up there for- a few minutes. I followed her — to my re lief she had neglected to took the door. I burst it open and went in. "You must come away," I said, "you mnst not sleexi here another night." She laughed ill quite a strong way. " You would have to drag me," she said, " with iron chains ; I shall not leave of my own free will. I am discovering thing3." "What?" I asked. ' "The mystery of the Red Roses," she reXiliod. Josephine and I were riot rich, but at tbe saiuo time we bad enough money for our wants. We had been left our small fortunes in a rather curious way. To euch of us hud been given £0000, over 'the in terest of which we had absolute control during our lives, but we could not leave the money to anybody else at our deaths unless indeed we were married aud had children. If cither of us died unmarried tlio money would go to a distant cousiu, whom we had never seen. I mention this fact because it has direct bearing upon what is left of iny story. I ought also to add that wo had never seen our cousin, who lived, we sup- iused, in America, and was a man of un scrupulous character, nut ut all an acquaint ance to be desired. ' During tho days iliat immediately fol lowed my thoughts turned in a very queer way to this cousin, for it eaiuo over mo that ho would soon receive Josexihine's por tion, for surely Josephine wus not long for this world. Day after day her spirit shone mure traiisxiorently - through the thin veil of the flesh. Day after duv the soul in her eyes camo nearer to t lie surface, until at lust as I looked at her 1 almost fancied I saw the wings growing, and that I lie ethereal presence would not bo much longer by my' side. Christmas canic and went, the snow lay heavy on the ground, and the final tragedy drew on apace. One day our servant entered (lie drawing room where Joscihiiio and 1 were sitting. Josephine, as usual, was in tho window where she could Ece the garden. The girl brought ill a large while xia|>er parcel. " A boy brought it," she silid, " and there is no message. It is for you, miss." She handed the parcel to my sister. Josexihine opened it. As she did so there tumbled out a lot of led, red roses, perfectly fresh and flagrant. They were not done up in a hunch, hut lay loose and apart one from tho other. They fell all ovor my sister's lap, and some tumblod on to the floor by her side.' Where did those roses come from? Not from anyone in Alverslokc ; there were no red loses blooming oven in conservatories at this time of veal-. . "What docs tliis mean?" I said. ."Who 1 eould have sent those lovely roses?" As 1 j spoke I looked at Josephine ; her face was | whitn as dentil. j '' Don't touch them," she cried, as I went forward and prepared to full on my knees to pick up several buds. " Oh, do let me smell one," I answered. I had not at first connected anything mys terious with the flowers, but when I looked at Josephine my heart stood still. She was so white I thought she was going to faint. " No, I am quite well," she answered to the exxnession on my face, "but I want to go to my room. I will take the roses there." She gathered them all up in the front of her skirt. " But why not leave them hero?" I said. "Can we not both enjoy them? They are beauties." "Enjoy (hem? Enjoy tlieni, Patricia!" was ber strange remark. Tliore was a thrill of absolute fear in her words. She left the room, taking all tho roses with her. Sho did not come down ugoin to the drawing room during the rest of the day, nnd when the dinner hour aptiroachcd I went to seek her. As usual, I found hor door locked. " Oh, Josie, come down at once," I cried. "Dinner is waiting." "I am not hungry, I could not cat," sho answered from within. " But you must eat, and you must come down," I said. I began to fum'olo with thu lock, making a. loud noise. "You must collie down, I insist," 1 re peated. When 1 said this I heard her crass tho room. She unlocked the door and stoo-.l ill the entrance. 1 pushed xiast her and went in. She had laid the roses on her iily-whilc bed, not in any connected Xiattcrii, but one here and one there, a few encircled the xrillow, a few again lay at the foot of the bed. " Oh, don't, Josexihine," I cried with a gasp. ''Take those roses off the bed at once. It looks just as if, as if " " As if what?" she queried. " As if a dead poison were lying there." " How strange of you to say that," re plied Josephine, smiling, " for there is a dead person lying on the bed ; don't you seo him?" " My dear sister, you are mad," was my answer. " No, not mad," she answered ; " only it is given to nie to see what is bidden from yon. Theso roses aro for him : but my red roses will come soon, very soun, Pa tricia." Slie did not cry, but tears rose slowly to her eves. Thorc was nothing whatever to do but to humour her. Beyond doubt her mind was affected. The horror she had lived through since she came to this terrible house had turned her brain. "I will fetch you some dinner if you won't come downstairs, and your fire niust be lit immediately," was my matter-of-fact remark. She did not make any answer. I re turned with the dinner on a tray nnd lit her fire myself. I kept my back on the red roses, however. I could "not bear to look at them. Well, the very next day a white paper parcel, containing more red roses, arrived for Josexihine. Another messenger brought the flowers. I ran out myself and. ques tioned him, but be liud nothing to tell inc. "I don't know, and if I knew I wouldn't say," was bis answer, and lie turned away from my retaining hand and flew down the court and down tho street. Joseiihine received the flowers quite calmly. She took them immediately up to lier room, and neither that day, nor the next, nor tho next, would she allow me to enter, although I begged and implored of her to do so. Meanwhile her face grew more and more white, and thinner nnd thinner, and her stexis were very weak and uncertain, and the look in her eyes was that of a sxiirit shortly to be set free. At last there came a day when, no red rosus arrived. I saw that Joseiihine was waiting for them, but none came. That night, as she was iireiiariitg to go to her room, she .came and kissed me. She had not kissed me for a long time : it wus just as if there were a wall between us. Sho kissed nic now very, very solemnly. " You have always been the very kindest- of sisters." she said, "and I lovo you very, very much ; and when you come to die' I will meet von and 1 will" bring " "What?" I asked, with a shudder. " Red roses," she said. " Oh. don't ! Oh, don't !" I murmured. " I shall lia'.c red roses us long as I live." "I have something to tell yon, Patricia; listen to nic," remarked Josexihine. I did not sjieuk. T looked her full in the eyes ; she was slightly taller than I. Sho laid her thin hand on my shoulder. " You need not lie frightened," she said. "After all, thero is nothing very terrible. I have found out thu mystery of the red roses. Unco a man lived hero, a poet. Ho had a great, warm, loving heart, and lie planted the garden with red roses just as yon seo them now, the very sumo plants. He planted them, he tended "them, and he loved them: and there wus u girl whom lie loved even better than the flowers, and he planted them for her. But she was faith less to him. She left, liiin on the eve of her wedding and went away with another. The man, from grief and agony at liis loss, com mitted suicide, and for this deed ho was doomed. Ho was doomed to wander the earth until " " Until what, Joseiihine? Who tohl you this terrible, lugubrious, unlikely talc?" " He told lnr," answered mv sister, "and he told mo what his dnom was. For the . sin of hurrying to his Mnkor before his call came he was doomed to wander the eartli until — — " " Yes. yes," I said: "until what?" "Until another wotuun gavo him her heart and was faithful to him. lie hud been long looking for such a wmnuu, hut when I ennui hero his search ended. To night he lies dead upstairs and the red roses 1 received yesterday cover him. He is my bridgerooiu, Patricia. I shall lie by liis side to-night, nnd— but do not ask nie any more." She left the room, I heard her go up stairs nnd lock tho -door of her dreadful bedroom I spent n night too fearful to speak of, and early in the morning wont to seek lier. Tlio door, as usual, was locked. I called ; slie did not answer. 1 shouted ; sho did not reply. In terror I called our servant and the cloor was broken open. We both went in. Josephine was lying on ber bed quite dead. ' There was a smile on ber face and a look of great haxipiness in her hnlf-open eyes. Red roses covered ber, they wore everywhere, somo lying on her breast, some clasped in her thin nnd cold hands, they'fillcd the air with tbeir exquisite por- fume. A part of the mystery of this strange story enn never be oxplained. Did Jose phine really see .the spirit!, which haunted tile queer old house, or was 'slie the subject of hallucinations from an early date after licr arrival there? I must wait until I too enter the spirit world to answer these ques tions. But something else was made plain, only not until long years afterwards. \ At Josephine's death my cousin received his share of her money, and I left tho tall old house and went to live elsewhere. Years and years went by, my huir was gray, and I bad ceased to mourn so bitterly for the sister of my youth. Ono day I received a message that n dying man wanted to see me. I obeyed tho call, for I eould not well refuse, and found myself face to face with the cousin who hud inherited Josephine's six thousand iiounds. He then told me of the ghastly trick he had Iiiayed. Being determined to get the money, and as soon as possible, he hud followed us both to Alverstoke, had determined not to make himself known, had heard the story of lha house, had watched Josephine, guess ed that she would be easily influenced by anything connected with tbe iinsecu, and had made his plans. When it begun to be known about the town that my sister Jose- X>hiiic saw spirits, that she wus railed by an nnknowti voice, that she herself was grow ing thinner nnd thinner and more and more spiritual, he brought his wicked scheme to perfection. He sent for red roses to the South of France and sent thorn to her day by day. The roses finished tbo work whn-.it tho haunted house hud begun. Jos-ipbinn died, and our cousin inherited her money. "But 1 have been punished." he said in conclusion! ' for she haunts mo. 1 have seen her gentle face over and over again since the day of her death, but now her spirit will rest for I have rexiented of my sin." 