TOWN TALK. Our Melbourne letter, together with other matters of interest, will be found on the first page. In reply to Mr. Higgins' question to the Minister of Railways last night in the House, "How soon the work of widening the rail- way pier at Geelong, as promised by himself and the Commissioner of Trade and Customs, would be commenced," Mr. Outtrim re- quested that the question might be repeated on Tuesday next. The ship Red Rock, which completed her loading on Monday afternoon, cleared at the Customs yesterday, her local cargo consisting of 17,335 bags of wheat. It will be a day or two at least before the vessel is ready to proceed to sea. The seventh annual tournament under the auspicee of the Geelong Golf Clnb will be commenced on the Bell Bark Links at 1.30 this afternoon with the Ladies' Single Handicap, and everything favors the pre sumption that It will be a thoroughly success ful meeting. The links are in splendid order, and duriDg the past few days have been the rendezvous for visiting golfers from all parts of tho colony. -To-morrow the Gentlemen's and Mixed Doubles will ba commenced, and the Handicap and Cham pionship events are to he deoided on Satur day. An attractive programme has been issued by the stewards of the Geelong Bacing Club for the special meeting to be held at Mar shalltown on October 3rd, in lieu of the winter programme which thev were forced to abandon in consequence of the flooded state of the coarse. It comprises six events, to which 375 sovs have been allotted, as under • —1Two-year-old Stakes, of 40 sovs, four furlongs; Handicap Hurdle Kace, 'of 65 sovs, about two miles ; St. Albans* Handi cap, of 100 sovs, one mileand three furlongs - Distance Handicap Trot, of 40 sovs; about two miles ; Handicap Steeplechase, of 70 sovs, about two miles ; Welter Handicap of 60 sovs, six furlongs. Entries close'on Monday, the 24th inst. "Uncertainty in regard to the fato of two of their members has been a source of "Teat anxiety to tho Morrison family during the past year. The circumstantial bnt, happily unfounded account of the massacre to which Dr Ernest Morrison was said to have fallen a victim at Pekin caused them all the pain of an actual bereavement, and for weeks after wards the conflicting reports in regard to the actual position of the Execrations, occa* stoned an alternation of hope and fear that was torturing. This was all forgotten in the confirmation of the welcome news of his safety, and the happiness of Mrs Morrison and her family found its completion yester day in the receipt of a letter from Mr Arthur Morrison, another son, of whom nothin" -had' been heard since the outbreak of the Boer war. The latter, who is following the profession of a mining engineer in the Transvaal, sent a brief letter from Pilgrim's Eest, which is in the neighborhood of Lydenhnrg, announcing that all was well with him on July 14th. He was in charge of the, Gras Kip Company's mine, bavin" been instructed by the London directors to retain his post as long as possible, and reports that ho had not been molested in any way up to the time of writing. Ho knew little.in regard to the progress of the war and had not been allowed an opportunity of sending a letter through the Boer lines. The secretary of the Geelong Agricultural Society had a busy time yesterday and last evening with the reception of entries for the forthcoming show. Intending exhibitors are reminded that tho tim&for; receiving entries closes at 10 this evening, up to which rime the secretary's office will be kept " open for their convenience. Eor the fourth year in succession Cr F Armytage was yesterday elected president of the Meredith shire council. At luncheon the health of tho president was proposed by Cr Graut in flattering terms, and the president f suitable response. The health of "Newly Elected Councillors " was submitted °y Or -Elliot, and responses were made bv Crs M'Jiaughton, E. M'Coll, and Armvta"e The toast of '"Officers" and "Press" were also submitted. The burning of a heap of rubbish resulted! in the firemen being called out last- evcuiii" the stroke attracting tho attention of a person who broke the alarm in front of the hospital. Tho Geelong Artillery, under Major Garrard, went out for a long march last' evening, during which the streets of New town were paraded. The beautiful moonlight , evening and the strains of martial music, which enlivened the march, had the effect of j attracting a great crowd, who acoompanied j the men in theii progress. 1 The acting town clerk has also been advised by the Water Supply department that the residence of the turncock is to be connected with the Telephone Exchange, and this will prove a very convenient arrangement when the services of the turncock are hnrriedly required. . .. The lockup cells were tenanted last evening by three inebriates, including: Ann Gahan, who fell into the hands of the police during the afternoon. The attention of the bench at the police court yesterday. was occupied for nearly a couple of honrs with a case arising out of a dispute' between a property owner and tenaut as to the conditions under which the latter had beoome the occupant of a shop m Moorabool-street. The claimant, Mrs Brown, sued for the recovery of £4 15s from W. J Trembath, and she was represented by Mr Wighton.' Defendant, who conducted his own case, stated that he had taken over the unexpired portion of the lease of a former tenant, with the right of renewal. The rent had been raised, however, contrary to the understandiog_under which he had taken over the premises from the former lessee, and he allowed the matter to come into court.; No documentary evidence was forthcoming ia regard to the lease mentioned by defen dant, and an order was finally made for the amount claimed, with costs. A man who was arrested at Newtown on the previous day, for being drunk whilst in charge of a horse and vehicle, was let off with a caution, and the issue of a marine store collector's license concluded the business which was dealt with by Messrs Anderson (2) and Hitchcock. An unimportant sitting1 of the Geelong "West Police Court was held yesterday by Messrs H. Bannister (Mayor), and Sargeant, J'e.P. Proceedings were taken at the in stance of the borough inspector against three persons, who had allowed horses and cattle to wander in the streets, and nominal penalties were imposed. An inebriate was discharged with a caution, and a rate case concluded the list. Oat of respeot to the late Cr M. GarganJ the Meredith Shire Council adjourned for a quarter of au hour at its meeting yesterday, and it was decided to forward a letter of condolence to the relatives. Pour persons are mentioned as likely candidates** for the vacancy occasioned by the death of Cr Gargan. • Lunacy cases of a violent character Geem to he epidemic just now, and the latest comes from Queenscliff, the patient being a young artilleryman, who is under the delusion that he is Lord Roberta." The unfortunate man was very mueh depressed by the death of his father, and a severe attack of iufluenza ap peared to complete his mental disorder. Baring the past few days he has developed symptoms of a violent form, and for his own protection he was remanded yesterday to the Alfred Ward at the Geelong Hospital. He was brought into Geelong by Constable Brady, assisted by two of the artillerymeo, and handed over to Mounted-constables Tuomey and M*Phee, whom he accompanied quietly to the hospital. The Bellarine shire council meeting has been postponed till the 14th inst., the ordi nary day of meeting clashing on this occasion with the date fixed for the opening of the Agricultural Show. An illustration of the danger that attends the practice of stone throwing by schoolboys was afforded yesterday in the experience of a Lid named Cyril Keen. Whilst passing a group of boys who were pelting one auother in Little Ryrie- street, he was struck ou the lip by a piece of rough metal, the injury being serious enough to necessitate a visit to thehospital. An Indian named Charrag Been, in the em nloy of Mr M from a a horae yesterday, and received a frac tured wrist and a cut on the head. He was admitted to the hospital for treatment. A post splitter named Wm. Charlston, aged 26, resid ing at Wensleydale, seriously injured himself 1 whilst following his occupation, a' misdirected stroke of the axe making a division in the front | part of his left foot. He was admitted to the 1 hospital for treatment. Those who have baa the privilege of hearing the Rev. J. Alwyn Ewen on " Thrums " and " Brumtochty," and many who have not will, doubtless, be present at the Mechanics' hall to night. Mr Ewen's lecture on "HotchPotch" ■ is said to be. one of the best in his repertoire. i The Indian Famine Fund will not materially i benefit by the variety entertainment given at I the Federal Hall last evening, the attendance, ! owing, no doubt, to a counter attraction in the i Mechanics', being rather sx>arse. The mayor presided during the earlier part of the evening, his place being taken subsequently by Mr W. H. Watts. Instrumental and vocal music, elocutionary and comic items, tableaux, and a farce were embraced in the programme, which was well received, and the efforts of the pro moters merited a better result. The contribu tors to the entertainment were as under: Overture, Misses Hobday and Freeman ; violin solo, E. Birch; piano' solo. Miss Leila Usher ; pianoforte duet, Misses Edwards and Oglethorpe ; songs, Mi?ses Tonkin, Ritchie and Cerezo; recitation?, Miss Cother and Mr Gemmell; humorous duet, Miss Cerezo aud Mr A. Ince ; violin duct, Misses E. Birch and D. Nicholson ; comic items, Mr A. Ince. There was an attractive spectacular display, entitled " Holiday Frolics," and two well arranged tableaux ; the entertainment concluding with a farce entitled " The Suburban Ghost." A little girl six years o! age, the daughter of Mr Funcke, of Ithymcey, was terribly burned on Tuesday. The child, in the absence of her mother, endeavored to put a log of wood on the fire, when her flannelette underclothing caught fire. Betors aid reached her her clothing was literally burned off her with the exception of her woollen socks, and it is feared she cannot survive the terrible injuries received. She is under treatment at the hospital. As an instance of unblushing candor the reply of a telegraph operator who recently made two mistakes in transmittiog messages, and was called upon for an explanation, would "be difficult to surpass. His reply reads :—" I beg to state that this is my first mistake, caused ; from carelessness. I admit it is carelessness, and I deserve to be fined for it. I cannot ac count for it, except that the mistake was caused through my rushing through my -work on Saturday in order to do some private business in the city to catch tho boat for Geelong. I was very busy with every kiud of work on Satur day, but the mistake was caused through care lessness. It was quite a different mistake to the error in relation to the * service repeat * message which you saw ou Saturday morning. The latter was caused through ignorance, never hav ener had a similar message before. I will alter my system of doing business in future, and I promise no more mistakes will occur." As to whether the operator shall bo given more time in which to attend to his private business, or shall be merely fiued, has not yet been decided. On Monday night a meeting was held at the Kew Town Hall of those who are sub scribing for the purchase of a sword of honor for the hero of Mafeking. Councillor Clements (ex-mayor) occupied the choir, and it was resolved to close the subscription list in a few weeks. A number of designs for a sword were produced, but no choice was made for the present as the committee were uuable to get one made in the colony. Mr Thomas Bath, one of the early pioneers of Ballarat,ihas celebrated the 49th anniver sary of his arrival In tho district.- He pitched his tent at Buninyong on September 1st, 1851, and was accompanied from. Geelong by Mrs Bath, who is said to have been the first lady to settle on the Ballarat diggings. At a meeting of the Melbourne South branch of the United Labor Party it was resolved* to present a requisition to the Rev. J. B. Ronald asking him to coutest the seat for Southern Melbourne in the Federal Par liament. A matter which will doubtless receive the attention of the Government before auy further subsidy is given to the wineries was touched upon at the meeting of the Yiticultural Board on Tuesday. Mr Havanagh moved tliat tho board approve of the recommendations of the I Cool Storage and Wine Com mission for the i encouragement of the wine industry, and urge I the Minister of Agriculture to adopt them as j soon as possible. Mr Blayney, .while notdis- ; approving of the recommendations, raised tho question as to whether monetary assistance to , the wineries should only be given on condition ! that they exported the wiue produced or : matured by them. "He pointed out that it was i most unfair to private viguerous who had gone to. a large expense in purchasing plant i for crushing the grapes aud in erecting cellars ' for making and maturing wiue that they should , have to compete in the local market with ' wineries heavily subsidised by the Government. : One of the wineries was actually competing with the wine merchants in supplying retail dealers with small quantities of bottled wine, j Mr Blayney, to enable the matter to be dts- j cussed, proposed an amendment, which Mr . Buckley of Rutherglen, sec nded, stating that j the winery in that district intended exportiug ] all its wiue. After some discussion, in which I it was stated that one of the wineries could not prepare its wine for export, as it had not a still license enabling it to fortify the winef to suit the English market, the amendment was withdrawn and the motion agreed to. For several weeks the board has been asking iu vain to be supplied with a list of phylloxera-resistant vines available for distribution by the Agricul- j tural department, aud a resolutiou was carried expressing regret at the information not having ! been furnished. j The almost impassable state of the road was ■ responsible for the overturning of one of Cobb . and Co.'s coaches when nearing Cane Clear, four miles from Pitfield, en route .to Ballarat. There were abont twenty passengers on board, many of whom were on top, and when the cap size took place they were thrown into the mud, and escaped unhurt. Those inside received only a few scratches. The driver asked the passengers to alight till he passed the bad spot, but they preferred to take risks. The growing prosperity of the colony and the ever-increasing circulation of capital ; caused by the constant changing of hands of landed property has made it necessary for the staff of examiners of titles in the Titles Office • to be brought up again to nearly the same j strength as.before the retrenchments in 1392. | There were six examiners at that time, bat the j number was reduced to t>vo, and those^ two are \ now unable to cope with the largely increased \ volume of work. Consequently last week Mr j Molwyn A'Beckett, a former examiner, was \ Bent for, and resumed his duties at the Titles j Office. Mr A'Beckett is a brother of Mr Justice A.'Beckett and Mr 13. F A'Beckett, the registrar of the University. Applications have also been received for the position of a fourth examiner by the Attorney-General. There are 72 candidates, and a selection will be made shortly. It was mentioned the other day that the Government of Victoria had been asked by a large number of scientists in England to relieve Professor Baldwin Spencer of his official duties' for a year, in order that he might, in associa tion with Mr F. J. Gillen, of South Australia, devoto himself to a thorough investigation into the institutions and beliefs of the aboriginal tribes in the Northern Territory. The Govern ment ieferred the matter to the University Council, and on Monday this body decided to accede to tho request, u provided that pro vision satisfactory to the council be made for the discharge of Professor Spencer's duties, such provision not to involve any additional expense to the University." The conhcil re garded the request as a very high, compliment to Professor Spencer and the council, but thought the expense of supplying Professor Spencer's place should be borne by the Govern ment. The weekly meeting of St. James' section of All Saints' Union was held on Monday evening, when there was a good atteudauce of members, and Mr. Grix presided. It was decided to invite the Batesford debating society to pay a visit to the union on Monday week. Arrangements were made for a debate to be held amongst the members of the union in three weeks time. The subject for the evening was "Favorite Authors," and several of those present read papers or gave selections from their favorites. The annual meeting of the South Geelong Quoit Club will be held in the South Geelong Temperance Hall on Friday evening. 