The Goningham Divoroo Case. Sydney Deeomber 13 Justtoe S mp?on onuimonucil summing up At a' quarter to 3 o'clock. Un polnti>d out that, though It ralcht scorn strange, it waei qultooponto tho jury to find against tho resnondont (Mrs. Oonlnahaml on tha isouo of adultarv. hut etill not auninat the co-ro-l spondont, Novor sinoo ho bad boon sUtiiigl In tho Divoroo Court had ho presided ovor al oaso In whtoh a respondent, the guilty woman, I had boon called as a witness nnd admUtud) hor adultery to try to provo r.dultory ngalnstl eo-rospondent. It in this ooo tho jury eon-' Bolontlously boilovcd thn respondent to l>0 a wltnoss ot truth, they should fiud a verdict in favor of tho pftilionor, ovt-n if tho ro- Bpondont stood alono n-d nbeolutely unsup ported. Tho ovldenoi of ono wiinoes if aoceptod as true, roust or y more weight than twenty or thirty on tho othor sidn whoso testimony aermod open to doubt. The jury did not rcqu'r:.to bo nbiolutely cortaiu of tho guilt of the rit;i pendent aud tho eo> i cspundont, because that would bo impossible witliout ocular proof. Tho law raeroly requirpd that »UO JUtl'IOi C.\\- umny tuu muui. ua uu» unu given thom, shoaM ns roasounble mnu fool satisfied of tho guilt of the aecus d. In this oaso bo Ihoughb U would bo Inipo-slblo tor thom to fiod a ainat tho rosp-rodeut without also finding qgnlost the eo-iespondout. It would bo juat aa serious for tho co- roipondont if thoy.fouud against Mrs. Goningham, but did not find against him. Tbo quoation bad bocu raieod as to absolution by the Church, nnd tbero was doubt, if what tho petitioner Bald was true, and If there was suahndootrino in tho Ohurcli of Rome, It was most dreadful. Could thoy boliovo that in any Churoh thero oould bo a dootrino by wbioh n man oould commit adultory on Moodny, oonfesa and rooolvo absolution on Friday, and then go into tho witness box and swear that bo had novor oommittod ndullory at all, bo- cause bo had bcon absolved. And yot that was what the petitioner said was tho doo- irioo of tbo Churoh ot Rome- Dr. O'Haran said thoro was uo suoh dootrino. Tbo jury would remombor that Father Greogan brought his own littlo Bible to bo sworn on, wbilo Cardinal Moran, Dr. O'Haran, and Father Byrne klBBcd tbo ProtOBtant Bible. Still, Dr. O'Haran said that the latter oath was blading on his oooBclcnco, although a Oatbolio Bible would have been proferrod. Father Orecgan was asked whether, after absolution, it was considered that thoro had bcaa no Bin, and the witness said " No," but that was hardly consistent with Dr O'Haran's statement. Tbo co-respon dent said that it a man got absolution in tbo Churoh of Roma, and tho sin was forglvon, It was wiped out. "Though your sins bo as scarlet tbey shall be as white as enow." But between tho Protestant and Roman Catholic Churches thoro was, in tho estima tion of some popple, a difference on tho ques tion of absolu'ion by tbo priest. If thoy road the passages in the English Prayer-book for tne VHitauon oi me sice cuey wuutu ecu iuu. If the sli-k man was moved to mako confes sion" tho priost was to say, " I ab3olvo thes from all thy Bins, in tho namo of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." Having quotod from tho ovidonco concerning tho doctrino of tho Church of Rome as to tho forgiveness of sins, his Honour askod if there was anything wrong with that? Was it not tho dootrino of Cbristiaoity ? If sin woro forgiven it was blotted out of course. It would bo a dreadful thing if God forgave a sin and it was not so. 