PEBSONAL RECOLLECTIONS. , Anecdotes of Celebrities. : A Fund of Interesting Stories. In his "Personal Recollections" Mr. Suther land Edwards tells some Interesting stories. He has had a long and active career as a Journalist, man of letters, musical crltio, and special correspondent. The reminiscences ex tend back to the time when the luclfer match had not entirely superseded in our households the old tinder box and clicking lint and Bteel; when cabdrlvers Bttll sat on a little perch ,at the side of their fare, as seen in the' Illus trations of Seymour and "Phiz" to "Pick wick;" when orchestra stalls at our theatres were a thing unknown; when there were not omnibus fares under sixpence; when mous taches—did not the ladies of that time call them "mustachlos?" — were In England only to be seen on military lips— of all which things and many more of the kind Ills introductory chapter reminds us. Now and then Mr. Ed wards' discursive liabit takes us to Paris, where he happened to be at the time of the Coup d'Etat, and later, cultivating the ac quaintance of the little English colony of Journalists and men of letters there, and ob taining glimpses of many Fr&nch; celebrities. The large family of the Mayhews, besides Shirley Brooks, Thackeray, Albert Smith, Douglas Jerrold, and other distinguished -members of the early Punch staff also make a conspicuous appearance .In these pages, Of Thackeray he gives the following Bketch:— THE AUTHOR OP "VANITY PAIR." Thackeray was absolutely without affecta tion or false pride of any kind. He did not mind speaking of himself, and In answer to my Inquiries (after a conversation which, had lasted some time) as to whether the success i of "Vanity Fair" had > taken him at all by eurprisc, — "Very much so," he replied. "And not my self alone," 'he added. "When a little time "before I had asked for permission to repub lish some tales from 'Eraser's Magazine,' it was given to me with a smile — almost an ironical one — as much .as to say, 'Much good may yqu get out of them.' They bring me In three hundred a year now." "Twelve-and-slxpence a page," he said, was \- Bll he got for his contributions to the maga zine, and he expressed a hope that writing .was better paid now than It was In his young days. ... He told me that Turgueneff had called upon him without any Introduction, simply In the character of a foreign admirer of his works, and without saying one word about his own literary position. The Paris recollections furnish some Inter esting glimpses of the warm friendship be tween Berlioz and Vincent Wallace, the coni- poser of "Lurllne" and "Marltana." VINCENT WALLACE'S FRIEND. I met Berlioz again In Paris, where he was often at Sax's, and constantly in the society of Vincent Wallace, whose acquaintance be had made in London. He knew Wallace's compositions only through bearing Wallace himself play them on the piano. - But he thought high ly of them, as also did many other of . Wallace's French friends; and Berlioz tells lis In one of his books that the management of the Paris Opera House was about to en trust Wallace with a libretto when suddenly be left Europe. Wallace being essentially a composer of melodies (and sometimes very graceful ones), Berlioz ought not to have valued him much as an operatic composer. But who carries bis artistic principles Into private life. Was not Liszt chiefly known as an arranger of airs extracted from the very operas which Wagner loathed? But this In no way prevented lils being adopted Into the "Liszt-Wagner" com bination.' Wallace was an agreeable man, a delightful talker; and his stories of his own adventures In outlandish parts were not made less In teresting by the fantastic details with which, in the ardour of narration, he sometimes adorned them. His gorgeous tales of life in South America his picturesque legends of adventures In the wilder regions of Australia, made a deep impression on Berlioz, who has reproduced one of Wallace's Australian ro mances in language as glowing as that of Wallace himself. Here Is a story that Illustrates Browning's iwell-known Interest in the stage and the not ing profession: BROWNING AND ELLEN TERRY. One evening, at Greenwich, Browning him self figured In the character of admirer, the admired one being Ellen Terry. I thought she looked particularly charming that night, and so certainly thought Browning. As we were coming back In the train, "How Wonderfully young Miss Terry looked this evening!" I. said. "She lias, indeed, the gift of youth." This remark seemed to vex the poet's soul. "Why consider her age at all?" he Bald. "A woman Is pretty, vivacious, charming— and you want to know how old she is!" I had said nothing of the kind; but Brown ing was annoyed at not being In the same train with Miss. Terry. . Musloal readers will, find much to Interest in the chapter devoted to Von Bulow, Ru binstein, and other famous pianists. Bulow is described as "a man of intellect," and the au thor adds: THE POLISH IDEAL OF MANNERS. In PaderewskI we again find a man of brains. He has genuine observation, and he once explained to me In the most satisfactory manner certain points In the demeanour of his countrymen, the Poles. I liad spoken to him of the gentlemanly bearing of the Poles in all classes of society, i "In England," he said, "you have many dif ferent typeB, of character. But in Poland we have only one type, or at least, only one Ideal. jEvery Pole wishes to have tho manners of a Kamoyskl of a Czartoryski; and they all seem no remember that each of their ancestors imlght have aspired to the throne of Poland." \ An amusing chapter Is given up to Edward yTlnsley, the publisher, and his relations, both (social and business-like, with the numerous jpopular authors, whose works ho gave to the ftvorld. There are many stories of the eccen tricities qf the late Mr. Frank Marshall, the Shakespearian scholar, and author of one or (two plays of considerable merit. Mr. Mar shall was not a safe man to Indulge In rude pleasantries with, as appears from the follow ing anecdote:— pBOlLED GHOST" NOT IN THE MENU. I 'He had Invited a number of friends to dine with him, at hlB house at Hans Place. The dull moments preceding the announcement of winner were being beguiled by stories of nlck- fnames, as applied to various well-known per- (sons, when Marshall, after saying how won derfully applicable some of the sobriquets were, added: "I wonder no one ever gave me a nickname." "Oh, but you have one!" said Captain Haw- ley Smart. Now Frank Marshall had a somewhat cada verous look, with a complexion suggestive of pnufflns. "Have I? What Is It?" asked the appre- clator of appropriate nicknames. "They all call you jthe Boiled GhoBt," said Ha,wley Smart. -j "Do they, Indeed," said Marshall, very bit terly. "I have only one remark to make." Reserving his observation, he rang the bell, and when the servai "appeared, Bald In a stern voice, "No dinner to-day." It seems, however, that the, facetious jester and his sympathising audience were even tually forgiven, and were not, after all, dis appointed1 of their dinner. There are also amusing ptorlcs of the late Mr. George Augustus Sola's brother, CharleB Kerrlson Sala, actor, singer, scene painter and dramatic critic, who Is still remembered In private circles for his fantastic humour, Sala, or "Wynn," to use his adopted name, was em ployed at tho Princess', and quarrelled, as did many more, with Macready. In this cose, however, Wynn seems to have given the first offence by mistaking the great tragedian one day for a familiar friend and companion of his, seizing him by the "scruff of the neck," as well as by his nether garments, and run ning him up a steep staircase, nil which must have caused those who knew Macready to marvel that the perpetrator of the outrage' escaped absolute annihilation.- THE CRITIC'S REVENGE. Wynn was the Inventor of a new, simple, and comparatively safe method of defama tion for the use of. theatrical critics nurturing a grudge against some leading actor. It con sisted In an ambiguous employment of the personal pronoun "he," so presented that It might be considered applicable either to a certain character In the piece or to the actor impersonating this character— the grammati cal construction lending Itself rather to the latter view. This Is how it once worked out in the case of Macready: "Mr. Macready, the great performer, came out last night aB Macbeth, and showed him self thoroughly at home In the character of the atrocious villain. He is, Indeed, a mon ster. With a long experience of the stage we can call to mind no one so base, so brutal, so bloodthirsty. It is dlfllcult to see him with out at once perceiving that he Is a miscreant of the worst species; while to hear htm speak is at once to understand that not the slightest confidence can be placed In the rascal. The wretch will appear again to-morrow evening, and will again be hissed and hooted (as hap pened to him several times last night) by an indignant public, which hates treachery, and execrates murder. At the end of the perform ance Mr. Macready received several sum monses." We must conclude our notice of Mr. Ed wards' entertaining book with a couple of stories about Burns-worship: . BURNS AT A DISCOUNT." The mention of Charles Mackay's name re minds me of a story he once tOld me In con nection with a Burns memorial. He had pro mised to collect shillings for some monument — yhether In the form of a scholarship, statue, br simple bust, I really forget — to the honour of Burns, and he applied with confi dence for a subscription to an Englishman who had represented In Parliament for many years a certain Scottish borough. "No!" said Mr. Fortescue HarrlBon. "I am no longer In Parliament, and I have now-much pleasure In refusing to subscribe the shilling which In former days I should have been ob liged to give. What I have suffered through Burns heaven alone can tell! First I had to praise him in the most fulsome manner, with out having read his works. Then I had to learn to recite portions of his poems by heart, and, In doing so, to give the verBes as much as possible with a Scotch accent. I have had to walk without my hat, and with the rain pouring down upon my unprotected head as leader of, a procession In honour of Burns; and under these circumstances I re fuse with genuine delight to give a shilling or any smaller sum towards the object you have In view." Far from being offended, Charles Mackay,'' who had a keen sense of humour, was amused beybnd expression. - Mr. Edwards supplements the anecdote of this Southron Philistine by the following story, In which the author Is more closely concerrfed:— THE WORK OF "A MR. BURENS." An Incident once happened to me In the ca pital of the Grand Duchy of Luxemburg, which would have pleased .both Fortescue Hm risen and Charles Mackay. I had just entered a hotel, when the proprietor came up to me, and said:— "From the cut of your shirt collar and the tie of your cravat, I Imagine you, sir, to be an Englishman." "You are right," I replied. "I have a daughter," he continued. "She Is Intelligent, docile, and has been educated at one of our best convents." "Is she rich and beautiful?" I felt Inclined to ask; (or the tone adopted by the father seemed to be that of light comedy. I con tented myself, however, with saying, "Your stcry interests me." "An unprincipled professor," continued the father, "taking advantage of my child's in nocence " "Oh, heavens!" I exclaimed. "Has, under pretence of Instructing her In English, taught her what I believe to be Irish." "You frighten me!" , : "And now," said the afflicted parent, "you will perhaps allow me to Introduce her to you, and you will kindly fell me, I hope, what strange tongue she has acquired." PermlBBlon was accordingly given, and Mr. Edwards was Introduced to his host's pretty and Interesting daughter, who, In reply to his question, told him that the book was by "a Mr. Burens," and was Ih verse. The story continues thus: "The doggrel of some new American hu- . mourlst," I said to myself, "What a pity to give it to such a girl!" "What are the poemB about? Can you tell me the name of any one of them?" I asked. " 'Tarn o' Shantalre,' she replied. 