A GREAT WRONG ; OB, THE IfFSTEBr OF BLACK HOLLOW GRANGE. CHATTER XIIL— (Continued.) " What shall I say to him 7" she whispers. " How e hall I tell Ambrose when be comes ?" The old father waits impatiently for n few moments, and, receiving no answer, he hounds up the stairs. Alaud meets him at tbe door, and bei white face startles him as if it were s ghost. " What is it 7" he questions. " Is the llttti lass ill 7" Then he sees the open window, and the drifting snow, and stands silent and aghast. " Father, the window was open when I came up," falters noor Maud. " Isabel bar goue." " Gone 7" he repeats. " Gone where 7 Not out in this storm, lass 1" Maud makes no answer ; she only looks at him, her ees full of unutterable paiu and pity. Something in the look makes the old fai ber start, and drives the color from hit ruddy check. "You don't mean to say — yon don't think," be stammers, putting his hand to his head, . like one bewildered. Then he rushes to the open casement, and looking out, sees the torn and trailing vine. A hoarse, pitiful cry escapes him. He turns tri Xlftiiri »ntr>tatin«lir ' Maadie, Maudie, don't tell me 'tis so," be filters ; "it can't be, child 1 Why, tbe was in ber wedding clothes. 8he wouldn't Lave left ber old father bo Ko, no ; come, Maud, we'll find her. Come, ig«a |n tncsic and dancing-, out into the wild wi&ter; eight. " Come, lass," be repeats, leading on to ward tbe stables, and uaad follows, ber black hair ell wreathed with snow. A stable boy oomes out with a lantern In bis band. " Has young- Mr. Harlowe gone, my lad ?' demands the squire, struggling vainly to keep tns voice steady. " Ay, sir — gone this hour, mebbe lw " You saw him go, then?" " Ay, sir,1' with a grin, and a knowing tcer. The old man hesitates, and breathes last and hard; at last he gulps out the ques- " Did any one go with him, Tim?11 Tim winks tbe saow out of his eyes, and wears an innocent face. " Yes, squire, be took a lady with him I" ue answers. There is a dead silence for a full minute,, then the squire turns fiercely on his daughter. " It is true, Maud," he gasps, his voice thick and hoarse; " he has carried her off Curse him, and curse her!" ' Ob, father, hush !" entreats Maud, cling ing to his arm. But he throws her off, his eyes glaring, ! his chest heaving, his face swollen and , purple. " Curse him i" be repeats, huskily. " He Iirs stolen ber from me, my innocent darling, by will bring ber to shame and sorrow. 60 and fetch her hack. Maud, I say ; follow them, and fetch the little one home/' The words die in inarticulate gasps, he pulls fiercely at his collar as if it choked him, then throwB np his two hands, aiid falls like a log, face downward, in the diifts. CHAFTEB XIV, THE FAITHFUL DOG. Day dawns over the white, Highland hills, and over tbe drifted moorlands. Tbe fierce winds have subsided, tbesnow has ceased, and the sky breaks out here and there in clear, opaline rifts, The Highlanders, who have scoured tbe hill- paths through all tbe terrible night hours, cluster about the huge fire in tbe farm house kitchen, with jawed faces and silent lips ; even tbe pasting dogs, stretched before the hearth, look np with wistful, sympathis- inz eves. Imune. Little Isabel is gone, and in tbs next room, where the curtains are drawn, and silence reigns, her fond old father lies dying. Maud sits at his pillow, white and calm moistening his livid liDs.countine his labored stertorous breathings ; and m tne next room, the faded wedding garlands bang, and the remnants of the wedding supper are still visible. A couple of neighboring farmers have gone in search of Isabel, with small hope, however, of finding her; and of Ambrose, tbe bridegroom, no tidings can be gained. Tbe Highland lads, and their trained dogs, have scoured the country for miles, hut with out success. There is no trace of Ambrose since he parted with his mother at the cot tage door. And she, poor woman, is beside herself with grief, and had to be restrained from rnshing oat into the drifts to follow her husband, who has gone in search of Ambrose with a fresh party. She sits in A corner, wringing her bands, and rocking herself to and fro, and complaining inces- santly: "My brave, handsome boy! my darling Ambrose 1 Only to think of him lying under tbe drifts, stark and cold )" Meanwhile the father and his party are scouring every inch of land between the cot tage and the Fellside, bnt so far without suc cess. They pause now, as tbe red sun comes soaring np on the wild hill-range beyond which tbe haunted manor lies, worn out by their long tramp, and utterly dis heartened. The father breaks out into a series of heart broken moans, and his grief nnmana his com rades. "Come, come, neighbor, keep heart!' cries one of tbe party. " It is not as bad wi' yon as them at the Fellside farm—the squire a-dyin' and the lass gone off to her ruin ! We may stumble on the lad yet. Was he willing to the marriage, and full fond o' the lass, think ye !" " Well, be wasn't o'er eager, that's a fact. The match were o' the dame's making from first to last; bnt Ambrose was fond o Isabel , and she were a likely lassie, and If ye knew my son, mates, ye wouldn't think him the man to back out, and leave bis bride a- waiting on her wedding-night, no matter what sh'd do I" " Nay, nay ; we all know that, neighbor. But what can ha' become o the lad 7 He can't be under the drifts, and the dogs miss that dog yonder, and hark ye what a ay be I gives ; and Re did the same thing when we passed that place befdre-tbe lad's own -dog, too, ub slept at his feet every blessed night. Comrades, what deer it meant" He points across the hills, and they all see the gray dog that was the special pet and favorite of Ambrose scudding through the Black Hollow, and making a straight line for tbe haunted house. He darts along through tbe drifts, his nose to the ground, a curious, whining cry escaping him as he runs. Tbe men stand and watch him, and a pallid awe steals over their rough faces, " What does it mean 7" they whisperjone to another. " burety tne iaa canna m in that house." Gerhsrt'e face grows very white and Us lips twitch nervously. "Not unless he was decoyed there for some foul purpose," he answers. Then, with a shiver running through all his strong limbs, " Heaven above us, neighbors, ne breaks out, " tbe old manor were all alive last night, a thing that hasn't happened Lot years." They stand shuddering and silent, Geihart watches the dog with anxious eyes. He runs on across the grounds, through the gate, and up the terrace steps ; then he pauses and looks back with aery that awakens a hundred echoes amid the snowy hills. _ _ Hark ye, mates, he is calling us," whis pers Gerhart, "He's struck the lad's trail. Look, he's across the terrace now and on the door- steps, and hark ye what a cry ! The very cry he gives when he finds a lamb in tbe snow V Mates." and he turns upon them with a white, awe-stricken face, "ye ha' been friendly wi'me in my tronble, and I'm not ungrateful. Get ye borne, now, and ye can say to tbe missus as I'm gone to follow the dog." He turns from them, and rashes headlong down the bill path. They follow him to a man, " Wait a bit, Donald,'-' they shout, simul. taneously. " D'ye tliink we'd let ye face the danger alone? Wait, man, we'll go a. breast, and if harm comes, let it come to all." He turns aud grips band after hand in grim silence. Then they go tramping on side by si- , tiown tbe path, across tbe Black Hollow, where the murdered lady's grave-stone arises pale and spectral above the drifted snow, up theclifi, and across the grounds to the terrace steps. The dog sees them coming, and flies down to meet them, uttering cries of joy and fawning at bis master's feet. What is it, my brave dog 7 Have ye found him 7" asks Donald. . Tbe creature looks up, his eyes shining with an intelligence almost human ; then, with a plaintive cry, he darts away. The dog bounds onward, closely followed h. the men. and does not halt until he comes to a spectral figure recumbent on the snow. A loud bark and an almost natural impression of pain call tbe attention of tbe men to the motions of the intelligent . '-v- ! . Presently <tbey come up, and a fltmnge sight meets their eyes. The body of a young man lies prostrate before them, bis upturned face ghastly in tbe wintry light, bis manly lips rigid, a pool of blood staining tbe snow beneath his right tide. Thus they find Ambrose, the handsome bridegroom. A rud litter ib hastily constructed, and with all possible speed they get him froir the accursed place, aud bear him across the snowy hills to his father's cottage — dead as tbey believe him — foully murdered at the Haunted Manor on his wedding.night, CHAPTER XV — BLESSED IB SHE BBISB WHOM THE SUB SHINES ON. London looks its dreariest this wintry morning. Smoke and yellow fog hang over everything like a pall ; the gas-lamps, still burning, although it is high noon, flare and glimmer in the raw wind, and the incessant winter rain bests against the window at which Isabel stands — a forlorn little figure to look at ; ber pretty child's face pale with weariness, the white silk bridal dress all soiled and'crumpled ; and she is not a bride yet. The cold was so bitter, drifted snow so deep, that Arthur decided to make no stop, so they have travelled day and night to London. He has gone off somewhere to make arrangements for their marriage, and to draw on his banker for money, and Isabel is alone. She stands at the window of the secluded lodging-house and looks down upon the flaring lamps, and the dismal streets, aud the bedraggled passengers, with cruel pain at her young heart. She has never seen London before, and this first glimpse of it is unutterably wretched. She thinks of the cheery old home amid the Scottish valleys, of the glow ing fireside, her father sitting in. bis great chair, and Maud at her little sewing stand. Do they miss her, she wonders 7 Will they ever forgive her and love her again? The door opens and the landlady looks in. . "Well, my dear," she begins, fluttering back ber pink cap ribbons, "how are you now? Not a-cryin', surely? Why, that'll never do. You'll spile your eyes and look quite a fright when the gentleman gets back. A fair-spoken gentleman he 'pears to be, too, and not a bit close, which he paid me down in advance, and two shillin' over and above my charge, an' then put his purse'— an" it a era mnunT wi' Bank o' Hengland bills — in hf yohr outfit, miss, with orders to buy tbe best of everything, and not to spare change, whicn I hope ho means honest by you, miss ; otherways I should feel unwilling to have you under my roof." Isabel turns round at last, with wide, tear- filled eyes. 41 What did yon sav, msdatne ?" she falters, « I don't think I quite understand yon." Mrs. Hcbbs makes her pink streamers in her virtuous excitement. ' I say, miss, as I hope as this young gentleman means to act honestly by yon." Isabel's eyes widen and ner lips quiver like a child's, but in her trustful innocence she does not fully comprehend the landlady's meaning. She turns back to tbe window, and down below, and amid the smoke and rain, she sees her lover. A glad cry breaks from ber lips and her ayes light with rap ture, In another minute he is at the door, and she flies to welcome him. " Arthur, Arthur, I have beenso wretched t " am so glad you have come !" .. He clasps ber close, looking down upon the slim, disheveled figure!" " Never mind, love, I shall not leave yon again," he says, soothingly. "My arrange- menu are all made, and here comes the young woman with your outfit. Nothing remains to be done now bnt to get yourself ready and drive with me to church. Before this beastly day ends, yon wiiLbe my wife, and to-morrow morning, Q I rseeive an answer to my message, we will start for Marlowe Hall." The landlady draws a long breath of is- lief. Tm glad to hear you say the same, sir," she puts in, pushing up in front of the young couple, " though I was satisfied you meant ber fair and honest." The baronet's son silences her with asingle flash otitis handsome eyes. 44 That will do, Mis. Hobbs, thanking you all tbe same for your good intentions," ba says, haughtily. "Please bare the goodness to aaaiBt your daughter in unwrapping her purchases, and when we're selected a suit, able outfit, I'll trouble you to help this lady with ber toilet. A good deal cut, tbe landlady compresses her lips and makes haste to assist Belindy Jane, who comes in, panting under the weight of her packages. Meanwhile while Arthur taken a pretty casket from his bosom, and tnrnt to babel, "Look, dearest, here is yon bridal present," he says, displaying an exquisite set of pearls and diamonds, "and here is your wedding ring, the mystic little circle that will make 41 Ob, now lovely J Oh, if. Maudie .could see them t Arthur, Aftbiiiv'how good yon aretaxnef". - .. -ii . He smiles with pleased-admiration. 'Tm glad yon -like them dear, By and by, when you are Lady Marlowe, you shall . have costlier gems and finer robes than these." " She couldn't well have finer or hand, eomer than these, if you please, sir,4' puts in Belindy Jane, pushing np with an open par eel in ber hands. She shakes outa'gandy robe of flimsy silk, pea-green in bue, and profusely adorned \- with flashy bugles and cheap lace. Isabel stare with round, amazed eyes, while ber loves swallows something like an imprecation. It toon becomes apparent thatthe gaudy, and flimsy -fineries purchased by (lelindy. Jane are utterly unsuitable for a bride. With an angry exclamation, Arthur kissed Isabel, begs her to be patient for an hour or so, and hastens from the house. bsbd is still gazing from the window, two hour later, when through the heavy vain, a' cab whirls up to the door,,. ' Arthur comes, and brings with mm aa immense covered trunk, and a small, sharp eyed, slim-waisted French modiste. She hastens up the stairs, and flutters into the dull room like a bird, and the great trunk follows. It is packed to the brim with all sorts and shapes of dainty feminine articles on the very top a bridal dress of mouse-gray silk, with lace at the cuffs and throat, that a duchess might wear. It is brought forth, with a little gem of a hat, and tiny gloves and boots to match, and with much chatter ing and gesticnlating on the part of the modiste. Isabel, like a second Cinderella, is relieved' ot her crumpled robes, and attired for ber bridal. All ber bright curls are re- arranged, and she smiles, and dimples, and blushes, and looks the very fairest bride in town. By and by a second carriage comes, and Arthur leads her down and seats hsr amid the cushions at his side, and they are whirled away, through tbe raiuy twilight, to tbe old church called St. Elfrida, and there, in the presence of pictured saints and sculptured monks, while the oroan thunders, and the dreary winter night falls, they are mode man and wife. 41 What God hath joined together, let no man put assnnder !" At the same hour, just as tbe wintry day dies and the twilight falls, down in tbe oid Fellside farm-house, Squire Melville breathes his last. He has never rallied from that awful shock which struck him down like a cruel blow. He opens his eyes and looks about him with conscious glances, for the fiist time, as the wintry sun goes down. " Maud 1" he calls, in a whisper. She bends over him, and lays her tender hand on his brow. " Maud, did they find the little loss ! Did tbey fetch her back 7" Maud crushes down a great sob. The truth must be told. 41 No father ; they could not find her." He groans, and turns his face to the wall. When he looks back again, that gray shadow which sooner or later foils on all buman faces, darkens his solemn eyes. " "Boor little lass 1 - poor foolfsb lamb 1" ba murmurs, brokenly. "They'll break ber heart 1 I shall never aee ber again, Maud — I'm going ont with the winter day — but you'll find her. Shell come back to yon in bei sorrow and shame. Poor little Isas 1 I cursed her in my wratb, but I didn't mean it. Tell her, when she comes, Maud, that ber old fother forgave her, and blessed her with bis dying bra&th; — my poor little tender iamb t" And these were biB last words. When the darkness fell, Maud sat alone with her dead, UHAflMUtt AVL ' sheeted AWAY. Man and wife— Sir Hereford Marlowe's only son and heir, and Isabel, the Scottish herdsman's daughter. They leave London in the gray ot another morning for the ancestral man sion, Marlowe Hall. Arthur sent his message, a few hours prior to his marriage, informing his father of the step he had taken, despite his express commands, and begging per- mission to bring his wife home, with little hope, however, of receiving any thing inreplv bnta repetition of his father's former decision ; for, of all men, the baronet was the last one to change his mind and revoke his spoken words. Still, hoping even against hope, Arthur Bent his message, and with it a letter to his only sister, entreating her to inter cede for him and get permission for him to bring his wife home. When tbey had once Been his little Isabel, he felt sure of pardon from them all. And this answer comes at ten o'clock on his wedding- night, brief and to the point, only four words, " Bring your wife home." Arthur is fairly beside himself with rapture in his glad surprise, " How good of them all 1" he said a dozen times over. " I really did not ex pect it ; bnt it is Edith's work. She is my only sister, you know, Isabel, and just the handsomest and best girl in England. I can foncy how you will love her, little one." Sappy Isabel smiles up at her hand some bridegroom, her silly heart flutter ing like a bird in ber breast at tlje thought o£-aU tJis flifinilinir «£ tKe bomfi aiid Vin- drod to which he is going. Poor litile girl, the quite forgets the old roof tree be neath which her young life had passed to happily ; and she is not a clairvoyant to see the white face and folded hands of the old father whose fond heart her wayward ness has broken. Her 6leep ia disturbed by no remorse, no regret, and in the gray Df the following morning they leave imoky London for Marlowe Hall. ft is an imposing old pile, on the eea doaet of Lincolnshire, and the yovng souple reach the station, and get their first glimpse of the gray turrets in the wane of a winter day. 41 See, Isabel, little wife, yonder is four future home," cries Arthur ex citedly, pointing across the yellow downs; 4< and here comes the carriage to take us there. How good my peop2e are Isabel, little one, you must love them very dearly for my sake." Hie handsome eyes actually fill with tears in his relief and gratitude. He is romantically in love with his pretty child- wife but it would hurt him keenly to be scorned and cast off by his family and beg gared of ail his splendid heriiageeven for her sake. Isabel looks at the stately turrets and ivied w&11b glowing in the yellow light, and a little thrill of terror and misgiving etirs her heart. ' I shall love them, Arthur, if theyl only let me,"ehe faltered, adding, with an upturned glance of her sweet eyes, <( but will tbey ? Do you t.hinlr they'll be sure to like me, Arthur ?" t He would like to take the pretty child's face in his hands and cover it with kisses, but there are loungers in and around the station, hence he refrainsand answers with tender ardor : "I do not think so— I know mo, No one on earth could Jielp liking you, my precious little wife ! Have no fears, you shall he the happiest and grandest little l&ly; in old England." Her face flashes rosy red with joy, and her heart dances in her bosom. " Oh, how much better this is," aha thinks, " than marrying Ambrose, and living in that horrid Highland hnt all my life." "Here yon are, Hastings,", criei Arthur, addressing a liveried coachman "An wall of course 3".-- . . Hie splendid cmxiage, all ariltter xritii the Mariowe.aEms, rolls up; -the high- otepping bayz are reined injtiad littieisa- bd, whohas trod the brows: heather al) her life, is lifted by Arthur's caressing arms, and seated on the silken cushions. Then they whirl away, just as the red wintgp eon drops out of sight. iro fea coKi'iavs.u « ( 