THE MESMERIST'S CRIME, v ? VIjuLT«Hbo BY StBClAL AMANefElfEN?. ^1/ 1$, iff. Warjeortj ' . '//)///////// ///////// // /// /// '''/'/// ///////////r///////////////ssj,j Anftor ol 'i Tlio Coat Potter Square Mystery,' 'Grif,' 'The Sacred Nufrget,' «' Miriam Hozella,' 'A Fair Jewess,' 'The Golden Land,' Tho 'Betrayal o! John Fordham,' tco., &o.; ? COPTKIGHT. CHAPTER X. — (Continued.) . It waa during one of his later visits to Paris that he met the young lady who fbooame his second wifo. Tho passions aud inclinations oftnen are . matters of impulse and Inheritance, and though they may be ' controlled they Cannot ' be dostroyed. Tho moment Bernard Maubray saw Gahriollo a tiew flower of love took root in his heart, and hear image accompanied '3iihi when ho went from her presenco. She was very little older than his daughter Valerie, and it might fctore been .thoughts .that»:/the disparity in their ages ittbuld h'ftve' held Um book. . But . strong-mmdod -'^as he was; Hie charm had * fallen' : and ho could not resist .it. ..If occasionally rtho doubt in . ttudod itself that tlio union of a lady with a man old enough to be her father was unwise, it was instantly dismissed. In tho lives of most men there aro overwhelming tides which carry them onward despite themselves. That Bernard Maubray loved Gabriello passionately in no way lessened his love for Valerie ; it helped, indeed, to strengthen it, inasmuch as it opened tho door to a closer and moro constant companionship with his dear child. It would also impart new sweet ness to Gabriollo's union with him, for she would have a companion ' of her own age always by her side. lie encouraged every argument favourable to tho 'consummation of liis ardent wishes, and dismissed every argu cient which bade him reflect beforo he took the final atop. There were peculiar circumstances which hurried him on. Gabrielle's father was so entangled in pecuniary difficulties that ruin glared htm in the face. Not only ruin but dishonour ; for in his frantic efforts to release himself from disaster he had' in an incautious moment stepped aside from tho path of reotitude, Exposure meant dishonour, dis honour meant death. When Bernard Maubray appeared upon the scene all this was known to Gabrielle, in whom hor father, weak and ralim of purpose, had confided, and her soul yaa filled with horror at the threatened tragedy. Bornard Maubray was tho one man who could avert this tragedy, who could preserve her father's honour, and in a moment of despair Bho consented to be his wife. No ih&dow; of thin despair was visible to Maubray. He loved, and was blind. The ladnesi of her faco was accounted for by tho Bloud whioh hung over her father's honoured name, the oloud which it was liis good forttfbe to remove. To this cause, also, he attributed hor wandering glances and the nervous clasping of her hands when he pressed his suit. In a certain sense her sadness im parted a spiritual element to hor beauty, and, given that.hor heart was at rest, all el»o was well. But her heart was not at rest. She con sented to marry Bornard Maubray, but she did not love him.. Had she made this clear to him he would have instantly released her. but ihe kept her socret .close — the secret which only ono man could have, puapected,,.. and that man one of tho base creatures of the earth whose oareer wasBtrewn with per j ured vows and blighted hopes, with shame iind despair, and ?omethnes death. Even as it was she would not have accepted Bernard Maubray had she not had a firm conviotion that her days were numbered, and that she would soon go down to the grave with her secret unrevealed. By her act she released her father from impend ing dishonour ; by naturo's decree she would be saved from a woman's deepest shame. So they wore married in Paris, aud in tho church in which the ceremony took place lurked the villain who had betrayed her. He kept so far back ih tlio gloom of unilluinined pillars that he did not see the faces of bride and bridegroom ; he heard the sound of mur muring voioes, and, the ceremony over, he ?lunk away, twirling his Mcphistophelian moustache with an air of satisfaction. It was an obstacle removed, and he was contented. 'By my faith,' he murmured, with a smile, ' I ha»o had my pastime, and Gabrielle is Bottled in life. Farewell, my sweet &abrielle.;' But if it contributed to his satisfaction to think that the consequences of liis base act wore for ever removed, nnd that they would play no part in his future, he could hare paid no regard to that dread Fate which weaves its threads in Bilence and darkness, and over tarns the grandest as well as the meanest of mortal schemes at tho moment of fruition. W« build our castles and dream our dreams, heedless of the unseen shadow which waits upon our actions, and lo ! when the edifice is crowned and the dream is dreamed, a thunder cloud bursts and lays waste the work of the best years of our life. Back in his house, with his bride and his daughter by his side, Bernard Maubray sent forth a work which set tho seal upon his renown as ono of tho world's great painters. Three of his happiest months went by, and ? tlion tho clouds became overcast. Gabrielle aoeinod to bo pining away. Always quiet and reserved, she grew oven fonder of silence nnd solitude. With love's solicitude ho observed how thin and white she was, how the 'least sound struck terror to her heart, how when she was in thought and he spoke to her she started as though to wardoff a blow. Ho questioned Valerie privately. Had Gabrielle complained? ' No,' answered Valerie, 'slio never complains.' 'But slio suffers?' 'Yes, she Buffers.'' 'tf'Havo you tried to BBCortain tho causo ?' 'Yes, but sho insists that Bho is quite well.' 'Is the house too quiet for hor. Does sho wish for company ?' ' No, sha dreads it.' And Valorio drow his attention to the circumstances that when visitors i.oamo, or strangers wero anuounced, her ono dosiro was to avoid them. Indeed, at this timo, unknown to the father and daughter, Gabrielle was- attempting flight to aomo spot where sho . was unknown, and where she could remain hidden from the sight of all who know her. He questioned Gabriello also, and was distressed by tho nervousness and fear sho exhibited when thoy woro alone together. ' ' Do I frighten you, Gabriollo?' ho asked tenderly. 'No, no,' she replied, ' why should I bo frightened when you upeak to mo ?' But even as she answered xhe shrunk from him and could not look him in tho face. ' ' If you have any grief, confide in me.' ' Yes, I w'V T was novor strong, you know.' 'Wo will sn, — a you strong,!' ho said, striving to speak cheerfully. ' You aro very good to me — too good, too good 1' She was on tho verge ot tears, and ho foro bore to question hor farther. All that lovo could do was done — without avail. Hor peace of mind seemed to bo destroyed. Bernard Maubray's most intimate friend was Dr. Webor, a physician of great skill and txperienco, and from this friend ho sought advice. Dr. Weber accompanied the artist home, and gayo a gentle hint to Gabriello of tlio object of his unexpected visit. 'My husband is mistaken,' sho said, but ?till with that strango air of fear about hor. MIam quite woll. It is only a little weak ness^ that will pass off. I am glad to see you, Dp. 'Weber, ?» a friend. I do not ro onire medical advioo.' I Bravely aB she spoke she could not com mand her voice ; her eyes : filled with tears. Tear* came easily now. 'Well, well, madame,'' said Dr. Weber, ' behold me as a friend, not a physician.' During the ensuing fortnight he paid several visits to Crow's Nest, and making quiet observance of Gabrielle arrived at a conclusion. , ' She must have change of air and change of scene,' he said to Maubray. 'Of the two I boliovo the latter is the moro important. Shelias something on. hor mind over whioh sho is brcodiug, and the quiet routine of her lifo may bo injurious. Map out a three months' tour, and do not stop three days in one placo. Take her to theatres. where light pieces aud light music are boing played. A little frivolity will do no harm.' When the project was unfolded to Gabrielle she assented to it gladly, oven eagerly. It was as if a weight wore lifted from licr soul — from Maubray's also. His heart grew light at tho relief expressed in hor countenance. He showed her the plan of the tour he had mapped 'out, and spoke of the pleasure in store for them. ' Wo will start to-morrow,' he said. 'We!' sho oried, and the light died out of her face. ' You, I, and Valerie,' he said, wondering at this change in her. ' No, no,' sho exclaimed hysterically. ' I must go alone — alone.' 'My dearest Gabrielle ? ' But sho would not listen. With a scared look around, panting and weeping, she cried again, 'I must go alono — alone.' So great was the violence of her passion that ho ceased to expostulate with her. He would not, however, consent to her going without a companion, and after much urging and pleading a compromise was agreed upon, Valerio was to aceompany her, and Maubray was to romain at home. As, in accordance with Dr. Weber's advice, the ladies were to stop no longer than three days in one place, it was arranged that Manbray should address his letters to tho poste restante in the next town or city to which thoy wero bound. 'You will write regularly,' ho said to Gabrielle. 'Don't ;.%i mo to promise,' she said. 'The momont I sit down to write a letter my head begins to acho.' ,. But Valerie promised to writo two or three mcs a week, and with that ho was fain to be content. So tho adicux wero spoken, and they rode away. Valerie in her letters spoke more of Gabrielle than of herself. Now tho invalid was a little better, now she was not quite so well, now sho said sho was fooling a little stronger. Time and time again did Maubray express his earnest desiro to join them, if only for a week or a few days, but Gabriello would not hear of it, and somewhat to his surprise ho was dissuaded also by Valeric, who before tlieir departure was very anxious that ho should accompany them. Condemned to seclusion ho took mental refuge in work, and,, spent most of his time in the Ruined Tower, where he painted from memory a marvellous portrait of his wife, absence from whom intensified the love he bore for her. He wrote long letters to the absent ones, nnd to Gabrielle ho poured forlh his soul, writing as a young man might have done under the influence of tho first divine dream of love. If sometimes in Valerie's letters thero was a forced gaiety, he did not detect it, haying an eye only to tho brighter issues of this enforced separation from those he held most dear. Thus month after month went by until four had passed, and then the thunderbolt fell. One morning, without any intimation that he was coming, Dr. Weber ascended tho steps of tho Ruined To— nr. and stood in the presenco of his friend CHAPTER XI. Bernard Maubray was putting the finish ing touches to tho portrait of his wife, upon which until this day no eye had fallen but his own. With mingled admiration and distress Dr. Weber gazed upon the beautiful work. 'It lives, Weber,' cried the artist en thusiastically; 'it almost breathes. What say you ?' 'It is wonderful!' replied Dr. Weber, oppressed by the mournful news he was intrusted to communicate. Tho sad note in tho doctor's voice drew Maubray's attention to him ; but ho turned the next moment to tho engrossing creation of his loving fancy. 'I did not wish you to seo it,' ho con tinued, ' until it was completed. It has been my principal occupation these last two months, and even now I am soaroely satisfied ; it is hardly worthy of tho original, but who could hope to fix upon canvas a faco and form so porfect ? It is my gift to her upon her return , when .ihe looks upon it she will know that sho has lived' 'in my heart. Valerio's letters lead mo to expect that I shall not havo long to wait ;for. our happy reunion.' ' lt '?'? ' 'I have heard from hor, ''said Dr. Weber. 'From Gabrielle?' ? ? -to - -.?!?? ?:;?»- ' No, from Valerie.' Again the sadness of liis voioe attracted the notice of tho artist, and now ''ho gazed upon his friend moro attentively, i ') , ^ ' I am guilty of groat selfishness,?' he Said, laying his hand kindly upon liis;, friend's Hhouldcr. 'It is tho curse of our nature. Forgivo my apparont indifforenco. . You aro in troublo.' ,, . , . . . 'Yes, I am in troublo ; bi$ riot alono for myself, Maubray. Thoro aro sorrows whioh affect us deeply through sympathy /with those wo love.' Maubray's faco grow palo ,aa''ho laid, aside his palette and brushes. , ' You have roceivod a letter '.'from Valerie. Does this sorrow touch mo?' *? ' ' It touches you, dear friend.' ' Valorio is ill,' cried, Maubray. ; 'Thou I must go to her. I Wiis too weak and irresolute ; thoy should not' havo gono without, me. I must go to them atonco— at once!' ???'? ?? ? 'Valerio is woll,' said DiV Webor, and his voice grow more grave. 'Good God! It is Gabriello! Toll nio quickly — quickly! Why -did not Valorio writo to mo ? Speak, mail, speak ! There is something in your face ? ' - 'Summon all your fortitude, dear - friend. Valerie did not writo to you direct becauBO' sho feaved tho shook.' ' The shock !' exclaimed Maubray, a vague terror stealing upon him. 'Sho is on her way homo; alio will soon bo horo.' ' With Gabrielle — oh, thnnk God ! Gabrielle is ill, but wo will nurse her into health. My care, your skill ? ' His agitation overpowered him, nnd he ; could not proceed. j 'Valerio comes alone,' said Dr. Wobor, solemnly. ' Alono 1 ' ' Dear friend, thore are griofs which need all our strength to bear. They como to nil , men ; it' la tho human lot. But iu the midst of our anguish we must not be regardleu ol those who are still left .to us, and whoso love ' will help to soften oven tho bitterest atir.kei of destiny. Tho sense of duty remains ; faith remains ; and Time, tho hoalor, will mitigat* our Bufferings.' ' Gabrielle is dead ! ' said Maubraj in ? mufllcd tone, sad turned his faco to the wall. ' Alas! ' In that one word the revelation was olearij made. For many minntos neithor apoka , {hen Dr. Weber said, 'Valerie asked me to Weak tho sad nowaj sho enclosed a letter for you.' 'Leave me, Weber,' said the bereaved man. ' Do not speak, I cannot bear it. Sh# is gono I Gone!' _Ho sank into a ohair, and covered his face with his hands. A black desolation fell upon him ; joy died out of the world ; nothing but pain and sorrow remained. The imago of Gabriello presented itsolf to him, as he first saw her in Paris when love touohed his heart ; as ho last saw her when slio departed with Valorio. Had he but known— had ho but known ! Tho image slowly faded, and the world was dead. He did not weop ; the blow was too crushing for the relief of tears. Dr. Wobor placed Valerio'a letter on the table, and softly left tho room. It. was a full hour beforo ho stirred from his recumbont attitude, and when he raised his head his eyes rested upon the portrait of Gabrielle. He had depicted licr with a smila upon hor face, aud her lips seemed to be opening iu the act of Bpeaking. Was it possible that this dumb canvas should livo and she bo dead ? No, it was not possible ; some deceit had beon practised upon him. But Valerio's' letter dispelled, this delusion ; tho words swam in his sight, but reached hia sense. ' Sho died in peace. Dear father, ba comforted.' A smile, bitter in its rebellion against the inevitable, came from his lips. ' Be comforted ! ' What could comfort q man living in a dead world ! This was a great tragedy in Bernard Mau bray's life, but in the heart of thiB tragedy was a secret, mercifully hidden from him by Valerie, tho knowledge of whioh would havo overwhelmed him with a deepor despair and a deathless horror ; a secret whioh would havo shaken to its foundations his belief in human and Divine goodness. Mercifully spared in deed, though his anguish was sufficiently poignant without that bitter knowledge which lay hidden in his daughter's breast. So overwhelming was tho desolation of his soul that the presenco of his dear child brought no comfort ; that tho presence of Madame Hart inanu, who came from Paris to console him, brought no comfort ; that seeing them day by day, with tho consciousness that they were watching his misery with sympathetic eyos, animated only with the loving desire to find a way to mitigate it, wns an added torture to him. ' What can we do for you, dear Bernard P' said Madame Hartmann. 'Leave me to myself,' he ropliod. ' Nothing will help me but solitude. I must bo alone to wrestle with my grief.' So it fell out — for their pleadings wora useless — that Valerie was once more banished from his home, and returned to Paris with her, aunt. ' You are not angry with me, father ?' she asked him on the day of hor departure. ' Angry with you, my child ? No — no 1' ' You will send for me ! You will lot me come home again !' ' When I am at peace, Valorio, when I suffer less, I will send for you.' Ah, the pity in her face— tho tender com passion with which she embraced the father she loved and honoured ! Was it treachery that sho should keep her secret close, tho secret that brought hot blushes to lior checks, hot tears to her eyes, in tho solemn watchra of the night ? No, it was the truest mercy. It lay in its grave at peace, but no grave no deep as to help her to forget. To the last hour of her life its memory would remain. For two years Bernard Maubray kept him self secluded in Crow's Nest, admitting no friend or acquaintance with the single ox eeption of Dr. Weber, and he came uninvited. Upon the first occasion, indeed, Dr. : Weber forced himself upon his friend, alarmed by. tho reports which reached him of the state of Maubray's health. t 'It is useless to expostulate,' said ttie doctor; 'I am here, and hero I intend to remain. Fiien ls are scarce, and I do not intend to lose mine if my poor skill can save him. You are not over- pleased, to seo. mo. Very good — or rather, very bad. . Neither am I over- pleased to see you in the state you are. My dear Manbray— my dear Maubray ! ' The uuderlving affection in this little speech brouglit a faint responsive smile to Maubray'* lips. ' I am glad to see you, Webor,' .hb said. ' Forgive the coldness of my welcome.' . ' I will forgive everything when I see tha Maubray of old before me. Not tliis Maubray that I see now — why, my dear friend, you aro like a ghost ! Now let us - bo practical. What is the matter with you ?' I ' I cannot sleep.' . ' For how long has this beon so t' - , - ' Many months.' . ' ' I am going to examine you: No protests! I know my business, arid'-.', you know voura: . No denying that; and np deriying either that to waste a talent— a God-given talent — is a heinous sin. How many pictures have you painted this last year ?' 'Not ono.' . ? 'Then- you :. have long arrears ;to pull up. You shall paint my portrait,' so. tliat a fitting presentment ', of myself may ? go' down . to an ungrateful 'posterity. ' . . / - ' ' I cannot doit.' . : ? ? ' V ' You sliall do it. . It is the only favour I havo over asked of you, iind -I will not bo' denied. I will give you tho first sitting to-morrow. Remember, I am your physician.' - ' I cannot put brush to, canvas till I get some sleep.' 'I will ensuro you sleop; the lonely lifa you aro leading.- is sufficient 'to destroy, your nerves and your brain. When did you hear ?from Valerie last ?' 'Yesterday.'. . - 'Is she well?' 'She says so.' . , . . . ' When did you write to' her hist ?' ' A fortnight ago.' r ? r ? — ? There.- -.was, reproach/sin- the- glanco Dr. Webpr- cast' iipou' Maiiliray, arid ho 'felt it. Lifo was beginning to Jsfir-withiriihim ; tho friendly inipcriousness, tho hoalthy boistor ousness of the doctor wero telling upon the naturally healthy, orgam&i;'uqh 'bf(tho arti^b. - ' It is not liko you,' Maubray, to neglect *0 sweat- a girl as Vjilerio^r-ypur only child, whp, loves'you devotedly.',.'!.',' ; ' Do I neglect hot* ?'' ': 1 ? .- ' Would you ask that;, question , a second time, Maubray ?' V; ...... ' No. You aro right, in much that you ;say, in much that you .imply. But you sae,fI am worn out. Tho curse of sleeplessness un balances me.' .. . Although -Dr. Weber did. not approve of opiates, ho recognised the.necossity of them in /this oaso. But ho found that . ordinary, romedibs wero powerless to produce the need ful repose, and he was' compelled 'to have recourse to a deadly drug of his own pre paring, which had tho desired bffcct. . In a ,1'ow days Maubray's eyo was brighter,; hia -skiu was regaining its natural colour. The i drug Dr. Weber administered was a'dissolv ?ablo powder, and ono of its virtues was that it was tastelesH and colourless, arid that it imparted no flavour to tho liquid in which it waB dissolved. Thus a person taking it unaware would not suspect its presenco, and ? this peculiarity rendered it dangerous. So :great was the benefit Maubray dorivbd from it.thiit he insisted upon being supplied' with several doses for use, if ^ needed, at some future timo when ? tho doctor's personal ser vices might not bo. available.— Complying !wit.h this request, Dr. Wobor was curcful- to explain tho danger that lay in taking a larger 'dose --uiii ho had prescribed. [to bk continued.'] MC — ? ?A -*rsnool Dentists' Society has been formed in connection with the Dental Hospital, Port land street, London. At tho inaugural lec ture it, was stated that less than 1G per cent of school boys and girls of an average age of 12 do not require come treatment for decavod teeth. 