General News. St. Mary's Cathedral Sermon by Archbishop Redwood On Protestantism. Blood and Rains. Polluted the Noptial Bed. Archbishop Bedwood, of Wellington, who preached on the occasion of the dedication of St. Mary5® Roman C&thoiioCathedral;^Sydney on the 9th instant; said: ATy text it, " He shall reign in the house of Jacob for ever, and of kingdom there shall be no end" —St. Luke i., 52*3. Wc are here assembled in thousands to hold a grand celebration, and to inaugurate a great event of ecclesiastical history—great in tho memories of the past; great in the bright hopes of the futore—the first Australasian Catholic congress. For many years, and under three successive arch bishops, conspicuous for their zeal, ability, and success, yon Catholics of Sydney emulat ing the piety* of your forefathers in those ages of, faith which created the noblest religious edifices, grey with venerable age, in the old world, set yourselves the noble task of par- < petuating in this fair Austral land the glorious I traditions of the past. This beautiful cathc-1 dral, now sufficiently completed to make us envy the eyes that will see it in its finished; magnificence, this structure so grand in de 'sign, so solid, jgo majestic, and so rich in I every architectural graoc and detail, is your gift to the Almighty, worthy of your tra- j ' ditlonal faith and devotion. It is the I TanniPH op Youb Fathi asd GEXEnosrrr. I It will stand on its commanding si to a 1 principal ornament of your queenly capital, a splendid landmark to be hailed with joy by the pilgrim from distant ehores as he bails up your incomparable harbour. I re member that, IS years ago, at the first open ing of this noble pile, my theme was the divinity of Christ, and I "sec no reason to change that theme to-cay. v Christ did not found a school by science, nor an empire by might, nor a sect^ by the passions of men— I he founded a religious society, Gr church, by J His own divine power. He set up a . j \ SnBrruit Kisodox to Last fob Eveb. This glorious kingdom, this spiritual world, immeasurably superior to the material world around us, is the work of His Dirine creative J Eowcr, employing for that mighty purpose uman instruments, humanly speaking, en tucly inadequate- The church, u^iog the .work of Christ, was made to His image and likeness. The church is one with Christ. She , is His spouse, His mystic body. Through her, therefore. He is always viable, always speak ing, always acting1 in the world. She is, so to | speak, TTis prolongation, through time and s space. His threefold functions of prophet, priest, and king He discbarges by means of His mystic body; the church. Christ gave infallibility to His church. Cat—still greater gift—He gave her indefcctibility. Hot only will she never err in the domain of faith . and morals, but she will continue always to tbc end of the world, and as long as she exists she cannot err. She is in defectible, and she claims this property in the solemn and reiterated promises of Christ her bead.. He promised that the gates of hell fchould not prevail against her; that He would bo with her all days even to the consumma tion of tho world. (Hstt. xriii.) Henco her failing would make void His promises. Infallibility.!* A ilranrr axd Awful Gift, bat necessary to' meet and overcome a gigantic evil, the lapse of mankind into error, the total loss of revealed truth, the extinction of the supernatural in the miuas and souls of men. \ Consider for a moment the cumber and nature of tho Christian dogmas; consider the catholicity of the church; consider the infirmity and malice of men; consider the universal solvent of truth, man's proud, restless, and perverted intellect; consider men'* proclivities to sects and divisions; consider all this, and you will readily admit the wisdom and necessity of this special providence and assistance of God called infallibility.' Christ is a priest, and He imparted His priesthood to His Church. Declaring Himself a high priest according to tbc order of ITelchisedek, Christ as a priest forgave tin. He Is the " Lamb that taketh away the sins of the world." Thatpower of for giving sin He also left to His Church in the person of His priests, who in the Sacrament of Order receive from him the power which after His rcsarrecuon, He gave to His Apostles, saying: /'Deceive ye the Holy Ghost; .whose sins you. shall forgive they are forgiven them, and whoso sins you shall re tain they are retained." /Finally, Christ, as a priest, gavo to His* church His sanctity? with the power to create, increase, and pro pagate it in His members by the seven channels of His sacraments, by Hip PfeBFECT LiV OK StiSDAKD OF Life,' and by His 'Divine example. Christ also wished His church to he catholic or universal. Finally, Christ made the church apostolic, because-she has her origin and her doctrine from Him through His apostles, and because she has the succession of her pastors uninter rupted from, them to our day. Contrast the true church, the body and bride of Christ, with the multitudinous pretenders around her. Look at those hundreds of COSTPATUCTOBY BSS'OlCIXlZXOFB which swarm in the British Empire and in some otherparts of the globe. Have they any of the marks of the true church, unity, sapctity, catholicity, and apoatolicity? Surely not. They have no unity. Look not for sanctity in those separate sects. I speak not of indi viduals, hot of systems. The authors of the Greek schism, Photius in the ninth century, and Michael Cernlarhis in the eleventh, had no motive for their separation bat blind ambition and lust of power. The leaders and founders of Pbotkstantism, Luther, Calvin, Zwinslius, «£c„ were Notobious fob Theib Vices. Among the Greek schismatics the clergy ore badly trained for their sacred functions, and live in a state of pitiful abjection and contempt; they receive little or no consideration or respect from the people, and fhey neither spread nor fulfil the Gospel teaching. Among Protestants the most effectual means of sancti fies tian have disappeared—abstinence, fast ing, mortification, confession, communion, &c.; Both the GreekschLm and Protestantism have rather obstructed than promoted true civilisation. The first has brought despotism upon the east, the second covered Koropo with blood and rains in the sixteenth century, and has ever since been the helper and in strument of the worst foes of Christianity. .It desecrated the home, it Polluted ths Nuitlh. Bed, it lowered the dignify of womanhood, it devastated the school, and stopped the pro gress cf science. In fine, neither Protestant* nor Greek schismatics have shown that the action of the Holy Ghost is with them. No examples of heroic virtues, no saints in their ranks at all comparable to the rn&tyrs; and mis sionaries of theCathol icchorch; and they have never been able to obtain the sanction of a miracle for their work and their doctrine. That they have no catholicity is glaringly evident. The Greek church is confined to apart of the East—chiefly Greece, Russia, and Turkey; and Protestants aro circum scribed within determinate limits—Lutherans in Germany, Calvinists in Geneva' and France, Anglicans in English possessions. AH are national and none catholic. Neither have they apostolicity. They are Separated rsosc the Pofe, who is the heir of St. Peter, the chief of the Apostles; they have a purely human and in no sense an apostolic origin. Their ministers have no lawful mission, and they cannot say that they have been sent by Jesus Christ to teach and baptise all nations.. .Privileged children of tbig Catholic Church, and standing on the threshold of the 20th century, we may appropriately take a retrospect of the outgoing 19th century. From the jaws of a revolution the most fearful in history, Christ drew His Church unscathed, robust, and PPBTFTKI) BY THE FlSS OF PeBSECUTIO?. Many bate been her struggles during the century all over tbe globe; but many, too, her victories, many the events which have consoled her children in their dire conflict with the world, the flesh, and the deriL We may instance the emancipation of the Catholics throughout the British Empire, brought about by the genius and eloquence of the immortal liberator Daniel O'Connell; the glorious reign of Pius DC; the re-establishment of the hierarchy in Eng land ; the Oxford movement and its harvest of illustrious converts, the Maiming*, the Newmans, the Fibers ; the definition of tbe immaculate conception and tho great spread of devotion towards the Blessed Virgin Mother of God, which have merited for this century the name of the "Age of Mary" ; the Vatican Council and its proclamation of Papal infallibility; the triumph of the Catholic Church in Germany over the State despotism, called by ead irony a fight for civilisation, Kulturkampf; the wonderful and yet present Pontificate of Leo XTTT., a truly providential man. Ho stands out like a light house over our storm-beaten age, tho / Ahbassadob of jl Hioheb Poweb, the representative of a greater moral force, the chief teacher pointing out to a world en shrouded in darkness the luminous path of true progress and civilisation. Will the world listen to great Leo's voice? Will it accept his unerring guidance and paternal counsel, or will it spurn the guide and rush headlong into the abyss? Time will telL Meanwhile, wbat are the church's hopes and fears for the cen tury before us? Besides the widespread perversion of minds caused by the numerous theories of rationalism, besides the systematic war waged in several countries against the*! church, God's representative on earth, she has to contend with the materialistic tendency of tho day. Then calculate the opposition raised; against the church from Bzbssy jso> Scxnsac and all the means at their dis posal. Great as aro her perils, the church has adequate power from her Divine Founder to meet and overcome them. In this country, at nil events, her prospects arc bright, while her progress has Wen wonderfaL All honour to the founders of this flourishing Australian Church! • Hail, Commonwealth" of Australia, youngest in tbe family of nations! God speed thee in thy great career! -Be virtuous; be free; be prosperous ; be eternal! Trocede, grospcre, ei regna> ttlo fcHxr r*lo beataaio perpetual I venture, in conclusion, to congratulate jon, tny liord Cardinal, on tbo achievement of the greet object for which you and" your pre decessor have worked so hard and so well.- X congratulate yoor excellent and devoted clergy—secular and regular—who hare so nobly co-operated with their illustrious leader. But how shall I congratulate in adequate terms the Hafft Catholics of Srpygr and the whole diocese ? Great indeed is the work you'have done, and great accordingly your joy and pride at its success, and greater still will be your reward. The rich with their wealth, tbo poor with their hard-earned wages, the widow with her mite, yon have reared this splendid edifice for God, for your-' selves, for your children, and many genera tions yrt unborn. All honour to jour faith and devotion. All honour, too, to those many generous and liberal persons of other denom inations who haro helped to erect this imposing monument, and X assure them that God will bless them.a hundredfold tor con tributing to bnild this house of prayer, this temple where . Jesus Chsist will eb Abqbsd izro Pbused. His doctrine taught, His sacraments adminis tered, and the principles of His civilisation pre served and inculcated. In their ihmosthearis they respect the Catholic Church, and, if her credentials aro fairly set befaro them, they will learn to embrace and lore hyr who was the life and glory of England for over 2,001) years. I hail thee, Oh young and flourishing Ckubch of Abstbat.h so fitly represented by this stately pile, grand, fresh, and new from tho builaer'a hand. I hail thee as the earnest and war rant of countless blessings for the future children of men. And I hope that, in God's mercy thou wilt long enjoy tho leadership of the great cardinal who now guides thy des tiny, and that thy march will be from victory to victory until thy final triumph is" consum mated in the land of the living, in tho bright; realms of sternal bliss. 