THE BOTTLE, THE SOVEREIGN, AND THE STRANGE MAN. Though he had the misfortune to be born Under the demoralising autocracy of Russia, Paul Begi at an early age developed ex eellcnt qualities of mind and heart. When quite a youth he rescued more than one person from drowning at imminent peril to his own life. Era his education could be properly completed hie father, who had been a distiller in a gona way 01 Dusiness, toppiea into a bankruptcy that proved his oomplete financial ruin. Paul immediately abandoned his books and resolutely applied himself to the handling of the tools used in turnery. He made quick progress in the art, and was mod able to afford his parents that material support they so much needed. Probably all would have gone well and the position of a flourishing tradesman in tha rigorous country of hie birth nave beet his, but for the grinding law of conscription. The time was rapidly approaching when the srniy would claim him ; when he must endure In silenoe the ferocity of brutish officers; when the dear ones he loved so well would be bereft of the bread Mb labour could win for them so long ai he was free. His yearning thoughts turned to England, the land of liberty and of gold. Even in hie narrow straits he had managed to save some money. He promised himself that if he could only reach our shores high wages would reward his handicraft, and bo he could easily remit to those he hod left behind a weekly sufficiency to keep them easy. But Russia is a prison, with ita frontiers guarded by an iron cordon of inexorable sol diers, who shoot with deadly aim where they Cannot capture. For a younjf wdrkmanjuat ready foroonsoription, to escape through this lynx-eyed line is almost impossible, so greedy is the Tsar of his human war material. Where danger is men arise willing to at ready to spring to the defeat of tho most nicely oonBidered plans. So on the Euro pean borders of the great land there are those who make a trade of smuggling folks out of it. Tho peril is great, bat these people tace it for a comparatively small reward. Yet it took an anxious time for Paul to find one willing to attempt hie business, and to adapt the toil to hie slender purse. ?' For many days I have been talking with Bulfsi, the miller,' said the young man at last to his father, showing the latter an easier face than had been common of late. ' and I have prevailed on him to try »nd get me across the frontier. But ne wants almost as much : money as I possess. No matter for thatl Onoe in England I wWl make plenty more.' May the Lord be with you and preserve you!' was all bis distressed parent could murmur. I tremble at the thought of the risks you will run, my dear Paul.' said his mother; ' but anything is better than the awful con scription. The army could mean nothing but death to you, who are of a delioate con - Btitution and unaoeugtomed to the hardships and cruelties that would meet you there. God bless you and protect you ! I »hall pray lor you day and might.' ' Have no fear,' cried the youth, with all the gaiety he could command. ' Keep up bravo hearts. I feel confident of Buocess. Ah ! when you get my first letter from Lon don how happy you will be, and ho w proud !** The miller had to convey a load of flow acroBS the jealously-guarded border line on a certain date, and the scheme was to pass Paul through as a suck of the same. The attitude he was forced to assume was a constrained one, made the lees endurable because die intervals between the angles formed by his crouching body had to be filled up with the BuSocating meal. He was tightly wedged in among other sacks. His physical sufferings, to say nothing of his desperate anxieties, almost mastered his Strength. It was a supreme moment for trembling hope when the Bentriee roughly challenged Bulfsi, and kept him dawdling in the road while his papers were examined with irritat ing deliberation by a military Jack-in- ofnce, who never lost an opportunity of humiliating a civilian. Suspicious and keen eyes travelled over the contents of the van, while bayonet points were wantonly thrust into some of his sacks to the miller's shrinking of heart lest the fugitive should be pierced and the attempted outrage on the holy government of the Tsar stand detected. Presently— it seemed a lifetime to the half twooning Paul — all formalities were success fully concluded. Bulfsi smacked hie whip, Mb cattle readily answered the appeal, and goon dreadful Russia lay behind them, and they were in a freer land. But farther and still farther the miller drove ere he dared to pull up and release his - hidden passenger from the agony of his posi tion. When he reached a well-hidden place he dismounted. A moment later he assisted Paul to emerge from the coarse material which had confined him. The latter looked more like a ghost than aman.both by reason of the flour which covered him, and his ex haustion. 3o far, he had gained hie freedom; was half dead, and well-nigh penniless. The fare : he paid to Hamburg left him completely so. Bruised and famished, he waited several starving days for one who had promised to meet and relieve him there. The expected succour never arrived, and Paul was reduced to the direst necessity, when chance cast him in the way of a man holding some authority on one of the many cattle boats which trade between London and the dirty German port they were in. 'I will take you acroBB,' said the man, ' but you'will have to make yourself useful on board, and lend a hand with the beasts.' Paul accepted the quqer after jriih avidity. What eort of a figure the broken and emaciated turner out among the ugly sur roundings, and amid the sick and terror stricken chttie, can easily be imagined. Probably nothing on board was so useless, ho much is the way as he. But he reached hie goal — the brightest star of his utmost dreams. A last he was within the magic circle of his golden Lon don ! And he hungered for crusts, and saw with naked eyes in the sweaters' realm of Whitechapel his brethren Btill under the crushing heel of despotism, gasping for nourishment, perishing for lack of shelter. His 'fervid dreams were chilled. Yet, though hie disappointment' was deep, he was not utterly cast down. He sought work with dogged perseverance, tramping day after day the wearying streets of tbe strange city, meeting rebuff with a calmness that had something terrible, - as well as heroic, about it. He knew nothing of our language. He was unfamiliar with the shifts and tridks which enable , the. professional loafer to make a workleM .life' fairly easy. He shrank from the workhouse, as from a pestilence. All the ?wretchedness he endured will never be completely known, except to the thou , sands of eager-eyed and craving men who at this moment are suffering all tbe gnawing agonies he battled against) aDdj like him, in silence, it 'was natural that ho should drift into East-end slums where so many of his coun trymen scrape out an existence in strange ways. There it was that he at last found comforts, but not before he was almost at the end of life's tether. A stickmaker, whom we will call Mr. Broad, t/iok compassion on him, offered him a chance in his workshop, and was soon glad to find him an industrious and we'l-disposed workman, who was most expert at turning handles. It did not take Paul Kegi long to again stand, in a humble way, financially firm. His amiable disposition, sobriety, and appli cation won hie master's warm regard. '? I think we ought to ask Paul to join ns in the evening somelimes, ' said Mr. Broad to his wife. ' He has no friends in London, and there are many temptations neci to lure a steady man to hie rain — especially when be is thrown too much on his own resources at night.' The good-natured lady agreed readily to the proposal, and Paul became a frequent and welcome visitor within their home circle. Shy at first, he quickly gained confidence, and bore himself with much ease aad gaiety. Mrs. Broad had an unmarried sister, whose charm of person and manner soon won Paul's affections. As his attentions to her *»«»«»«™° more pro nounced, it was plain to their friends that the pretty girl herself cherished a warmer feeling than regard for him. Vet he was diffident about making his declaration Paul's modesty was oopapicaous, and he feared that his hopes bordered on audacity. AH daring love at last forced the avowal from his UpB, and to bis great joy he was not only accepted by the object of his honest affections,, but thn engagement was approved of by his master, and by the damsel's mother. ' Of course, Paul,' said the Btickmaker, ' there can be no thought of marriage until you have put by sufficient money to start wedded life with a comfort able home at least. ' ' Have no fears on that score,Mr. Broad,' replied tbe young fellow brightly. ' We will sit on our own chairs, eat oft our own table, and sleep on our own bed. I am too much of a man to think of taking Sarah into lodgings, where she could see nothing that belonged to her. Oar nest shall be of our own making.' Now oame the happiest period of Paul's chequered life. His content was almost per fect. Daily he saw the. one for whom his heart yearned, and week by week his store in the Post-oftice Savings Bank fattened. But the Fates wereonly playing with him; dark days came again. Gradually, but surely, business with Mr. Broad became a rapidly diminishing quantity, and for a variety of reasons quite beyond his control. The work eked out to Paul was not suffici ent for hie purpose, so instead of increasing his little savings he was constrained to levy toll of them week by week. A ccrtai n bitteress of spirit irked him as his hard-earned money want away piece by piece, and bis dearest hopes dwindled in his hands, as it were. At last despair cankered its way into hie heart, and there were brooding moments when his thoughts turned to the final way of enamg unman struggle. Before his roads were quite exhausted the mother of his sweetheart, with the best in tentions, advised him to invest what was left of his meagre capital in the appliances of hie trade, and to work on his own account. Pool could produce a great variety of bandy articles for which there is always a sale, if only on the streets. He acted on the good woman's suggotioa,but his old hopeful ness had fled. It galled him to the quick to have to lay bare the poverty of Mb resources before the parent of the girl he By ardently desired to make his wife. Con tinuous strivings and recurring disappoint ments had worn his former dauntless spiqt to a thread. He rented the second floor of fl tenement house in a sordid thoroughfare in Spitalfields. When he had completed all his purchases, and, for the first evening, found himself in full possession of his new pre mises, surrounded by the tools necesBary to his labours, hie satisfaction was somewhat dashed by the knowledge that the venture had exhausted his capital to the last six pence. His sweetheart and her mother had snper tended bis preparations, and they visited him tbe first night he was established in hiB new quarters. They cheered him with comforting words, and gave him every encouragement to perse vere and conquer. When they left him, promising to call on the following- morning, he appeared resolute and easy in bis mind. It was about eleven o'clock the next day when they again made their appearance in the grimy street. As soon as they entered Paul's house it was seen that some tragedy had occurred there. With trembling steps they ascended the stairs, and on the first floor immediately be neath Regi's lodging they oame to full know ledge of the horror. A woman, the tenant of tbe room, lay murdered on her bed. Her bead had been battered about with sufficient brutality to produce insensibility. But what was more remarkable her mouth, windpipe, and gullet were burned with nitric acid. The same corrosive fluid, mixed with blood stained the bedclothes. Under the bed, close against the wall, with a large egg-chest in front of him, was the slender form of Paul Begi. He was quite insensible, and bis mouth was burned with the same avid. To be suddenly confronted by this ghastly spectacle was indescribably appalling to the girl who had given her heart to Paul. Her generous mother was equally affected. What 1 could be the true meaning of the horror ? What dreadful mystery had now involved the young Russian in its meBbes ? Awful possibilities lurked iu the fact of his pre sence in the chamber of die murdered woman. Sarah's senses reeled, and her heart was wrung by a haunting and shocking ! thought which ehe in vain strove to drive | from her. ; Parent and daughter shrank from the place, their brains in a whirl, their eyes blinded by emotion. ] Tbe aepeot of the poor dead creature's husband when he beard of the shocking tidings of his loss excited the sympathy of all who saw him. 'Why!' cried he, ' at a quarter past six this morning, when I kissed her before going j to my work, she was alive, and as happy as 1 a lark, aad now to see her cold, and cruelly I battered — God have merey on me!' j At first it wee feared that Paul would not regain consciousness, though there did not ' appear any reason fur the loss of it. The { acid must have caused him intense agony, but was not sufficient to bring about insensi bility. Thare -were a- few' insignificant ' scratches on his hands and forehead. Ko other injuries were visible, exeept that the akin of both his elbows was abraded. Paul's coat was found linger tbe bed, and part of it was completely destroyed by the acid. It was covered by one belonging to the murdered woman's husband, that had been taken down from the wall where it had been hanging and placed over the damaged one. A 2oz. vhial, which had contained the acid, was found in the bedclothes. The key of the door was on the inside. No time was loBt in conveying Paul to the hospital, but he was slow in recovering his speech. When at last be did so be made this statement: ' I was just commencing business as a stiekmaker,' declared be. It must be under stood that we condense his etory, and also the subsequent proceedings in the courts. ' And I had engaged two men and a boy to assist me. This morning I gave one of tbe men a sovereign to get some brandy with. It is the custom in my country to take it with coffee before commencing the day. Besides, I needed change. I myself want out for a short walk. When I returned I found my two men standing in the doorway of the dead woman's room. They immediately seized me and poured some horning fluid down my throat,saying at the same time, ' There's your brandy for you. ' Tben they demanded my money and my watoh. I told them that I had neither, and they said they would do for me as they had for the woman. I struggled with them, and my coat was half pulled off. They took it off altogether, searched my pockets,and threw me under the bed, where I became insensible, and remem bered no more. ' Those who were acquainted with Paol Rcgi believed bis story. They thought him incapable of such a horrible crime. Bat, allowing, for the sake of argument, that he did, in a moment of mental alienation, com mit it, thev thought him tbe most unlikely man on earth to accuse innocent men of the deed. The authorities, however, from the first re pudiated this view, and Paul was immedi ately arrested on the capital charge. Facts told heavily against him. An oilman de posed that on the morning of the murder he had sold to a man who was ' about Begi's age,' an ounce of nitric acid. Then Paul's landlady swore that when he was found in the room of the dead woman the door was locked on the inside. But experiments made with the lock showed it to be a faulty one, and unless the handle was very carefully turned it appeared to be locked when it was not. The prisoner's lack of cash was notori ous,and it appeared incredible that he should have possessed a sovereign to send out for brandy with at that particular crisis of his career. Again, no suspicious circum stances whatever could be traced to the two j men he accused. On the other hand they, oddly enough, protested that they heard no ! woman's cry or noises of a struggle, though . by their ova showing they were just above the fatal room at tbe moment the crime must have been committed. . The abrasion* on Pool's arms could be ( accounted for by die straggles of a man on ' his back, bat scarcely in any other way. The prisoner's solicitor did miracles of work on his behalf. .Day by day the number . of those who believed in the youth's inno | cence increased until it was not long before . a large force of public opinion was on his side. | The theory of the prosecution was that , Paul, in a moment of sudden and uncontrol- | labie impulse, had entered the woman's I room with evil intent on her person, and that finding he bad killed her in their j struggle, he swallowed the acid with tbe in tention of ending himself. It was generally , agreed that the surroundings were too poverty-stricken for avarice to hare any place in the tragedy. Tbe country waited for the verdict with the utmost anxiety. When it was known to be one of ' Guilty ' a very painful feeling was created, and in many districts people stirred themselves to procure a reprieve for the condemned man, whose past regularity of life and amiability of character were widely insisted on. The fact, too, that he was contemplating marriage, and was de voted to his betrothed, made it to many hard to believe in his guilt. Ac enormous sensation was caused by the death sentence on Paul Begi. Crowds flocked to sign petitions in his favour, and a number of newspapers took up hie defence with considerable warmth. Members of Parliament interested them selves in him, aad there were several smart verbal conflicts on the matter in the House. The Home Secretary of the day, strongly supported by the judge, was at first bent on letting the law take its course, but quailed before the storm of popular indignation his attitude excited, and finally he was fairly badgered into granting tbe unhappy young man a week's respite. It was accompanied by the following communication to the governor of the gaol: 'Be good enough to inform Paul Regi,dUtinctly, that the respite is granted, not from any doubt in my own mind as to the verdict or sentence, but merely to enable his solicitor to make cer tain inquiries which he has asked to be allowed to do. The convict must clearly understand that unless these inquiries put a new aspect on the case the sentence will be carried into effect.' Paul was busy writing when this good news arrived. He tore up the manuscript he had been engaged on, and at once he came more cheery and hopeful. His demeanour all along had been calm and in his favour. Tho paper which had taken up the un happy man's defence with most violence now set to work with renewed vigor to save him. Edition after edition was produced, con taining new points to his advantage and to increase tha public ferment. ?' A Freeh Batch of Fresh Evidence— The Bottle; theSovereign;and the Strange Man;' was the way one of the sensational headings ran. The article was to the following effect: It began by saying that the race for Begi's life would be a desperately close one. It went on to state that it had been able to clear sway the mystery concerning the sovereign the prisoner said he had possessed on the morning of the orime by the dis covery that the mother of his sweetheart had lent it to him on the previous day, together with two florins and a aMlting. The ener getic print hail also lit on two bystanders who could bow give evidenoe that the bottle found among the bedclothes had been tampered with before it was handed to the doctor. According to their statements a friend of the murdered woman's husband was the first to Bee t*e phial, sod he secretly took it away with him lest ' hiB mate ' should get into trouble. Afterwards he re turned to the room, and then a bottle was found. The woman who had been the first to enter the dreadful chamber could remem ber that about half-past nine on the morn ing of the crime she had seen the back of a strange man leaving it. She forgot to tell the judge this moBt pregnant fact at the trial because she was so perplexed by the ques tions asked her. Thon another man was found who could speak to having seen two strangers dash out of the house at a quarter to seven. These things, and many more to similar purpose, were put into bold type, and suc ceeded in convincing the majority of the jHiblio, but not the powers that were. Paul Begi was inexorably ordered to be hanged when the period of his respite ex pired. On the morning of the execution there were several bright jonrnalists ready with slashing articles on the infamy of judicia murders; and many members of Parliament burning for the evening, when they might hurl reproach and invective on the timid Home Secretary. ' Do you know what Paul Begi was doing when the order for tbe postponement of his hanging arrived ?' asked a prison official of one .of these bubbling M.P.'s. 'Writing to his sweetheart, no doubt,' was the short reply. ' Not a bit of it. He wae inditing a full confession of his crime. This he destroyed wben he received the respite. But as soon as he realised that there waB no further hope, and the game was absolutely up, to Bpeak vulgarly, he composed another ? ' The shouting of this astonishing news by the paper-sellers in the street made in un necessary far the gentleman to finish. Yes. To the dismay of theory and the flaunting of probability, tbe gentle Paul Begi stood on his own confession, not only a foul murderer, but a dastardly acccueer of the innocent! Each day confronts us with psychological problems that are better food for thought than for trite moralisings, and the case of tins young ttu&sian; is one of them. Perhaps it is worth add ing that there are folks still living in Whitechapel who firmly believe that Paul never wrote or dictated tbe following griev ous acknowledgment ; that, indeed, he died an innocent man. They say it U easy for interested people to pat out such adocu- ; ment when the tongue of the only one who j could establish beyond doubt its authenticity is stilled for ever. ! The published avowal runs as follows, and it does not clear up all the difficulties the case presents : ' I, Paul Regi, before appeanng before God in judgment, desire to speak the whole truth concerning tbe crime of which I am accused. I will not die with a lie on my lips, and I will not let others Buffer, even oo suspicion, for my sin. I alone am guilty of the murder of Rachel Bell. I thought the woman had money in her room, so I entered, the door being unlocked, and the woman asleep. I had no thought of interfering with her. I never approached j her with that object, nor did I wrong her in j that way. She awoke before 1 could search for the money, and cried oat,but very softly. Thereupon I struck her on the head, and seized her by the neck, and closed her mouth ? with my hand so that she could not arouse the , attention of those who were about the house. J I had long been tired of my life, and had ! bought a pennyworth of aquafortis that morn- ' ingforthepurposeofputtinganend to myself. '. Suddenly I thought of the bottle I had in my | pocket, and drew it out and poured some of ' the contents down her throat. She fainted, i and, recognising my desperate condition, I j took the rest. The bottle vas an old one I I had formerly used, and was the sameas j that which I had taken to the oilshop. The ' quantity of aquafortis I took had no effect on me. Having an idea of people coming , upstairs I crawled under the bed. The . woman seemed already dead. There was ' only a short time from the moment of my ' entering the room until I was taken away. ! In my agitation I also fainted. I do not know how my arms became abrased. I did i not feel it, and was not aware of it. As to the door being looked on tho inside I did that myself on entering the room, wishing not to be interrupted, t solemnly declare and : believe that the men knew nothing whatever of tbe crime of which I have been guilty, and I alone. I implore them to pardon me for having in my despair tried to cast the orime on them. I also beseech the forgiveness of tho bereaved husband. This confession ib : made of my own free will, and is written down by tbe minister at my request- May God comfort my loving father and mother, and may he accept my repentance, and my death as an atonement for all my sins.' Bo ended Paul Rogi's confession. It leaves much unexplained, and is as unsatisfactory as was the unhappy youth's whole life. The Bud. ' 