To the Editor. Sir— 'Eandom Shot' hit the mark when he said pride and constant paying caused people to absent themselves from Church. When my children were young they wtre eldom without a collect.ng card, and I was Ido successful at soliciting until I became ishamed of eo much begging; still, it id he order, of the day. Then, as for pride, 'irie-street Ohurch has t'he credit of Deing he most fashionable congregation in Ade- % lide. The minister'f, house is worth £1,003 l year, and somebody must pay this, for trinisters do not— they live rent free; the louses are furnished complete, even own 0 a duster; they are kept supplied with ?rockery, brooms, and carpets when necen ary; and their salary is ample. 1 see now, lowever, that the salaries are not to be nore than £200 a year. How will the 'upper *n,' who can get £250, reconcile them selves to an Irish rise like that? In a »untry place where I lived six years ajo ihe minister's salary was £250. He dad lot get it quite so punctually as he would ike, so 'he requested to be removed, and hia ?equest was granted. Was not his. salary iearer his iheart than the saving of sou's? tie was not the first that Church had h-d it that money; the others had been paid, ind no doubt he would have been if hi ha-i jtayed ihis term, but he believed in the -ird-in-hand, aud would not stop and risk t. Then look at the presents ministers lave— butter, .eggs, and joints of meat when 1 farmer kills a beast. It all helps, and ivhen their sor.s go to college they aru aken for less than other pupils. Somebod »' nust make up the deficiency. In a circuit ivhere 1 Cived twenty years ago a farmer's ivife took the minister's wife a roll of but ter and said, wit)h tears in her eyes, that they had got Ihe bailiff in the house; bus the lady . took the butter all the same. (Vlien tihat minister and his wife died they eft some hundreds of pounds. They nev..r had any family. 1 believe in ministers! being kept so that if they meet with a case »f distress or a poor man they can give them something, but how often do you hear jf tihem doing it? Charity begins at homo with many of them, and stays t'here. One ivriter gays:— 'I looked for the Chuicli and found it' in the world, I looked for. the world, and found it in the Church.' Sixty years ago, when I was young and in tihe old country, I remember a caricature in. flu shop windows. It was that of a minister Bitting by a fire in an easychair in a well appointed room, with his feet in carpet dippers; and John Wesley's ghost appear ed to him. I wonder that the gjhost does not come' again. At that time cottage frayer meetings were the order of the day. f 1 heard singing I knew it was a prayi-r meeting, and would leave my play and go into the house. There would be seven or eight homely people in t'he clothes they had -worked in all day, prayine and singing ? tbe good old tunes that even children c u'A join in— truly a communion of saints. Th:y believed in praising God with their hearts: but now its done with instruments and with tunes that few people know, and if you want to go to a prayer meeting you must put on vour gloves and go into a cold empty Church. One Sunday, in the rid days, a pereon 'had oa a new dress, and the class leader said to liar— 'My sifter, I fe»r you are getting into pride;' and it was only a printed cotton dress. What would lint leader say if he were here now? I copy this from a local paper of April 0— ' East Moonta Wesleyan Ohur:h. Grand Variety Entertainment, to conclude 'with the Amus ing Drama, 'A Drunkfn Spree and What Came of it. Proceeds in aid of the Trust! lam, Sir, &c;, ^^ 