4 GREAT WRONG: OE, THE MYSTERY OP BLACK BOIr LOW GBAKG& CHAPTER TV. — Commm, " Passengers for Piedmont," shouts the conductor. Lenore has no desire to risit Piedmont, but she sees the blue highlands beyond, and fancying that Black EolloaOnan nut be somewhere in their midst, she determines to go on. With an clastic spring she gets aboard, and the train thunders on just as poor, panting Clotiide comes op. " Miss Lcnore ! Miss Lenore?" she shrieks, but the roar of the wheels drowns her fran- tic cry, and Miss Trevetbon, looking from the window of her carriage, nods and kisses the tips of her white fingers, as she is whirled away. ' What shall I do ? " moans the woman, wringing her hands. "He'll take my lift if he ever knows. Oh, wbateball I do?" "Meanwhile Lenore flics on, over miles of golden gorse, and purple heath-bloom, a strange sense of liberty thrilling her. The young lady removes her jaunty hat, and lies back in her scat, while the breeze stirs her tresses into a mass of riotous gold. Heiress and bride-clcct that she is, she finds her life insufferably dull and stupid. The constant adulation and homage of men and women, bas grown to be an old song, of which she is thoroughly weary. " I wish I could run away," aha repeats, watching the flying hills with dreamy eyes. I have half a pnind to try — ran away and, seek my fortune, as the heroines in novels p sometimes do, and leave all my possessions to Sir Geoffrey; I suppose, however, he would follow me, and fetch me back to marry R-ehmond. Dear, dear, bow awfully stupid it all is— this marrying business shove all. It really tarns me sick totfaink of it. I sincerely hope that Bichmond may be chin, wrecked 1" " Piedmont Station !" Sue springs to her feet, and adjusts her bat and tumbled tresses. " If you please, sir," she inquires, as the conductor hands her out. "is there a place anywhere near here called Black Hollow Grange?" The man turns ronnd and looks at bar be fore be repli s : " Yes, miss, there is ; the « Haunted Manor,' it is called nowadays." " Precisely ; that's the place I mean. Will you have"' the kindness, sir, to tell me the distance, and in what direction it lies " Over yonder, miss, the other side of those blue peaks, to the left matter of aeonple of miles perhaps, and a pretty straight road. Hut begging your pardon, miss, you don't think of going there?" " Yes. sir. I MB CP.Phtlnlv tmiiif? fn tfia 1 Haunted Manor,' if 1 finri it, Tm ninch obliged to yoo.w \- perhaps you don't know, miss, that the manor's been deserted this ten year and more, and folks say 'tis haunted 7" continues the conductor, with the very best inten tions. 'Yes, sir, I know nil about it. Good- . morning 1" Lenore trips away, while a dozen heads protrude from the carriage windows, and as many pairs of eyes watch her with staring cun sity. She hurries on, more determined than eret to acc unplisb the object she hat in view. She has walked a full mile, and the sun has passed the zenith before she comes'in sight of a single dwelling, or the least sign of civi lized life. At last, in a green hollow beneath the hills, she sees a small hut, in front of which an old woman sits knitting. Lenore is growing wesk from fatigue and hunger; henee she determines to turn aside and bny a draught of fresh milk, and find out if she is persuing the right way. The old dame rises up at her approach and proffers her a seat, which the girl gladly ac cepts ' " The saints protect ns I" cries Sue name, with uplifted bsnds and affrighted eyes) one would take ye for the lovely murdered leddy herself, come out of ber winding ahaet. Are ye a ghost or a living woman T" "A living woman, and a hungry one, too,"" laughs Lenore. " My good creature, what do you mean? Surely you don't take me lot a ghost?" " May, UBy, bnt ye look loike ber, the poor murdered leddv as sleeps In the Black Hollow up yonder. I seen her wi three two eyes, the blessed night afore she wss mur dered, a walking up and down the terrace, her jailer hair all a streaming, and the flowers on ner breast, and you be as like her as two peas." Lenore s eyes quickly fill with tears, aso her breast beaves. " Poor lady," she replies, steadying ber voice by a great effort. " I've heard of her Tell me about her, please." " There is little to tell, mire, saving that she walked the terrace that evening, so fair and so smiling, and the next blessed morn they found her lying dead in a pool of ber own heart's blood, and the master gone, and from that day to this be has not been heard of. But they do say," she adds, with a shudder, " as be it was murdered her, be- cause'ehe bad a smiling face for other men than bim, and that's why they bnried her in the Black Hollow, and with a stone cross at ber bead, Lcnore presses ber hand against ber heart. She has -never been told before that her motber lies buried in tbe Black Hollow below the Crange. " And no one can tell what become of him ?" she falters. " The husband, you mean? Bless you, no, miss 1 But some think he made an end of kisself in the lake yonder, and they do eay, when it Etorms. and the winds are high, he comes back and sits on the shore, and she walks the terrace above, with her yellow hair BklkOiUlUg; nllllglUjJ ucr H Ulto flMluJWy AQQ crying fit to break ber heart." " And tbe haunted manor is not far from here, is it ?" asks Lenore. " A mile perhaps, right above n, beyond the black firs." Were you ever in the old house! I mean, since tbe murder?" "Saints protect ns, I'd as soon venture within tbe gates o' perdition. Why, no human creature has ever crossed that blade glen ; and no one has ever entered tbe accursed place since the murder, excepting Ambrose Gerhsrt, and he was well-nigh frightened out of his wits." ' There was a child left, I have heard," Miss Trerethon continues, moved by a curious desire to hear all the old 'dame Jean tell. " Bless ye, miss, a little mite of a girksnd she was wandenng from room io room, a sobbing and crying, and ber mother's blood afore ber young eyes. They fetched ber down here the very day after the murder, flrftsser. flufih a nvetfcty limn lariv. tlin wmrw picture of ber mother." '< And what became of her V " Tlitiy took her away. His consin cams from o Fertile scand took her off to London,, tnd I're beard nothing of her since. She may be dead by this— the better for ber it ; ilic is, poor thing, for tbe mother's shame 6.1 ways falls on the daughter's head" " Ay, true enough, better for her if sbt were dead," Lenore echoes under her breath, with a weary sigh, " Let me have a draught of milk and a morsel oi bread, and take tins tax yottr trouble," ehe adds, aloud The dame's eyes glit&r; greedily at sight >1 tbe silver vrijtch.J/enoFCputB In her yellow palm, and ebe bobbles away, and produces a bow! of milk and a small loaf of bread. Lcnore drinks tbe milk from the asms blue bowl, from which ?he was fed so many years ago, puts a morsel of the loaf m her pocket, bids ber hostess adUn, and ds- Otrts. The old woman looks after ber, sfoafljpg aer eves from tbe afternoon sunlight. " Xoe saints protect us," she matters, <they be ss like u two peas 1 It sorely cant oe tbe ghost of the mntdemd fair lady ? I ibeuld drop la my shoes with fear if I really jbought so." CHAPTER. "VI 4JT AWFUZiAPF ABI TIOM; ft fc dhe same bid story of murder and mystery thst Miss Trevethon bad beard from the lips of old ffisbya few; years before. He was an old and devoted servant of the House oTftsretooii, and on bis death-bed be had told the yonng heiress tbe terrible tale of her nntlKrs murder and ber father disappear- . Tbe terrible affair happened some two or three years after the formal betrothal, or 4,Fa!iy Marriage," with which onr storr opened. Geoffrey Trevethon, the banished heir, was still off in India, serving his country under his assumed name, while bis contln, Arthur, reigned in bis stead at Lyn- dlth Hall, Bnt poor Sir Arthur was an in valid, suffering from an incurable disease, and took bnt small comfort in bis wealth and bis honors. The one desire of bis heart was io -see his adopted brother again, and to Testore to him the heritage which his father's nn- natava) cruelty had taken from bim. Bat Geoffrey did not return, and h» letters to his friends in England were few and far between Despairing of ever seeing him again- Sir Arthur made his will, binding his daughter, aeke faici d, to remain true and loyal to her childish marriage to ber cousin, Richmond. Some time thereafter be went with his family to spend tbe summer months, after the custom of his race, at an old home amid tbe Scottish Grange— a gloomy, ghostly, grand old hoose, built on the summit of a bold spar, beneath which lay a wild glen, from which the place derived its name. Sir Arthur went up with troops of gay friends and a few efficient servants, and through all the gulden summer-time the hill country was enlivened with theu festivities. . ft was u latoas Sep tern ber .wh en tbe party broke up, and tbe baronet made preparation! for fcii retain to England. Only a day 01 so before bis departure a foreign letter cams through his London agent from the bsnished heir, and it contained the welcome intelli gence that he was cominghome at last. His wife was dtad and buried in and in oeatence'to her dying wish, be wss coming, with his son, Bichmond, to Lyndeth H&1L This letter made Sir Arthur auother man Filled with delight, he made preparations for an immediate visit to London to meet and welcome tbe returning soldier. 41 No matter how soon I die now, I shall die content," he said to bis wife on the eve of their departure. 44 To see Geoffrey rein- stated In his old home iB the dearest wish «f ay life." The guests were all gone from Black Hol« low Grange ; tbe servants had been sent in advance to Lyndeth Hall, and on the morrow Sir Arthur and his family wonld follow. Tbe morrow came, and tbe men wbo were to take charge of the Grange appeared at an early hour. They found tbe old house as silent as a tomb, and when they entered, after ineffectual efforts to rouse the family, an awful sight met them. Under tbe sickly glimmer of the still burning chandeliers, all bathed in blood, lay Sir Arthur's beautiful wife, brutally mur dered ; in the room beyond ber maid was also found dead ; and wandering about the nutueiy, sobbing in terror and grief was the little girl Lenore. Sir Arthur himself was gone. No trace of him, either alive or dead, could os found anywhere. A week, perhaps, after this shocking tragedy, the cousin of the murdered man ar rived in London with his little eon. He was greatly shocked, as may be imagined, but be evinced great presence of mind, and at once hurried to the scene of tbe murder. He found the neighborhood in great excitement, and tbe Grange in the hands of the authori- i ties, who were using every effort to elucidate tbe mystery. Vainly enough, however, not tbe slightest due could be had to the mur derer, nor could the mysterious disappear ance of Sir Arthur be accounted for. His wife, poor, beautiful lady, who was t foreigner by birtb, and without relatives in England, had been buried in tbe hollow below the Grange ; and a report was circu lated that ber frailty had equalled net beauty, and ber husband had murdered her in a fit of jealonsy, and then fled. This report Geoffrey Trevethon contra dicted with great indignation, and took upon himself the task of clearing up the mystery and lifting the dishonor from bis oooskBsna , putting nude al Bcrnplra in regard to Lit lute father's will, lie at once iKceptcd fibt title which -belonged to him, ana installed himsell as guardian of little Lenore, assuming entire control of the vast estates . of which .she was sole heir. He worked assiduously, too, sparing no ex pense or pains to solve the strange mystery and brine the criminal to justice, but with- out success. Hot the slightest clue could be had to the mysterious disappearance of Sir Arthur or to the murderer of his wife. Years passed, and the mystery of Black Hollow Grange was a mystery still ; ana Uttle by little the terrible story had come to Lenore s ears as she grew toward perfect womanhood. A word here, and a hint there, until at last the old servant, on his death bed, had poored the whole awful story into her ear. „ From that hour the heiress of Trevethon had thought of Iittie else. She thinks of it now, standing all alone amid the wild Scot tish hills under the very shadowof the weird old bouse which holds the awful secret. The sen hangs low in the west, its yellow raja gleaming on the quaint, weird windows and gray gables of the haunted Grange j bnt In ber brave, resolute heart Miss Trevetbon resolves to posh her adventure to the end. 8be had planned too long to obtain this opportunity, to have any thought of renounc- ing it Yet, despite her breve blood and her in vincible will, her yonng cheek blanches, and a alight shudder shakes her, as she looks np at the frowning old mansion, dimly revealed through the thick foliage of the black firs. in that gruesome, ghostly manor she was: made an orphan- Ah, heaven, if she might only be able to solve the mystery and lift si,, .rain from her dead mother's name, With rapid steps she makes her way to toe tdaok -lsn below tbe manor. It is a wild and lonely valley, sljnHn by funereal borders af black firs, and in iU>«y seafre n prises a spectral stone cross. Lettorecute herself down upon the mossy earth and reads the ample inscription: 'Lenore Trevethon," . Lenore Is deeply moved; sha rests her throbbing bead against the cold tombstone aid weeps as she never wept before. " Mother, dear, beaotiful motber 1" she moms, " I do not believe one word of the evil they impute to you— I never will believe it. Oh. mother, look down from heaven and «»>"? Branches overhead and uttersa dismal croak. The girl rises to her feet with a shudder, plncb a sprig of blooming heather from the lonely grave, and turns away with shear. winding jthst .onro Pmntine bom her exertions, Bbe at last stands before the huge iron gate. It is closed, but at the touch of her hand it swings open with a hoarse creak. She crossesthe grounds and gains the tensge upon which her mother walked tbe evening before her death. "The flagstones beneath ber feetnje green and slippery wititmold.tbe old house looms hp above her like a huge gray tomb. She looks no at the silent windows and an awful tenor somes over her- Her cheeks blanch and her very knees shales, Bnt she clenches her hand find aete hW teeth theold Trevethon will riuingup etprag within ber. "Never look back," was an ancient motto of her bouse. She will not look back now. She makes her way round to the front entrance. The yard is overgrown, ana here and there # broken nw or a fallen statue gleams through the long grass, and fitty the huge pillats iff the portico wild vines frail ill lnjurwrt MOst Lenore ascends the mossy steps, passes the vesfrbfile, find fries thetoassive oak door. It poena readily, find she pssseg through into a wide hall all hngg with bnnfrpg trophies, m»<i here and there a piece of fincien£ erjnor. Througjh a stained wiadowfit the feiqgte end the afternoon sun shines, filling the .room with Inrid splendor. - " -' Miss Trevethon moves on with bated breath and distended eyes, awed and yet strangely fascinated. She comes to another door, which admits her into tbe spacious double drawing-rooms. The lurid glow from the sbuned window penetrates even here, dia. closing tbe tattered silken hangings and the faded carpet, in the very centre of which, under the rusty chandelier, is a dark stein, which all the yens had failed to obliterate. The girl sees it, and a cry of horror breaks from her white lips. It was in that spot that her mother lay murdered. She turns away, etck wnd shuddering, and returns to the hall. The broad staircase gore winding np just beyond her ; and possessed with a foolish fancy that in some part of this dim old boose she must find a clue to her father's mysterious fate, she ventures to ascend. Her light steps ring sharply in the terrible silence. On tbe first landing a great bird flutters out from a eequestered nook, and flies past her With a scream. The girl's heart beats so rapidly that she can scarcely breathe, an- 1 a cold sweat bedews her brow, but sue goeson. She comet toelongsuiteof sleeping apart- meats, thefiistof which she enters, it is a spacions chamber, which mast have been splendid in its day, the couch all hung with tarnished white, the dressing-table strewn with feminine trifles. "Can this have been my mother's cham ber ?" tbe girl wonders. 8he approaches the table to select some little sonvenir from the faded toys, when a sudden sound, a mesmeric sense of some near presence, thrills ber with deadly terror. She turns ronnd. just in time to see an oo poeite door awing cautiously open and a faoS peer through tbe aperture. An awful face it seems to the terrified girl, white and spec tral, with n beard flowing down like a frosty cloud. One wtia,wideeyed glAnee, an .d than with a shriek of mortal fear Lenore flies cut of tbe chamber and down the resounding stairs. " Stop, stop I I'm not mad, my beautifal maiden ; I won't hurt you," calls a gentle, musical voice. But if Miss Trevetbon bears she does not heed. She flies downward with headlong speed until she reaches tbe terrace below ; there she pauses and and reels giddily for an instant. Her over-taxed powers fail her, and with a second terrified cry she falls down upon the mossy flag-ctones in a death like swoon. - CHAPTER VI. AIT IttrSXABKED MEETING, When Miss Trevethon awoke from her trance of terror the sun was quite down, and the silvery mist of a September twilight hung over the dark old manor. She lay where she had fallen on the damp stones of the terrace, and it was some time before she could collect her senses sufficiently to remember what had happened, or where she was. When she did fully remember, all her wild terror was revived, and she scrambled to her leer, ana went ecuaaiug across sue grounue like a hunted hare. Beyond the great gate she paused, and ven tured to look back. \- The sun was down, bnt all tbe west was in a flame of crimson fire, while over the blue peaks of the Highland hills a golden harvest moon was rising. Every window in tbe old manor, every gray turret, was gilded with reflected light, Lenore gazed npward, experiencing a feel ing of admiration despite ber terror ; but while she gazed a turret window was thrown open, and that same awful face looked out. A phantom hand slowly beckoned ber, and that same luring, musical voice called out again. "Pretty maiden, no need to run away; this htraBe is nunc, and yon are welcome. I am not mad, as they tell you 1 ' At any other time the girl's brave blood wonld have sustained her : but wearied and unnerved as she was, sbe succumbed to the terror that assailed ber ; never dreaming that anything Bhort of some awful super natural presence was looking down upon her. She turned and fled, as if for her very life. " Clotilda was right," she mnrmnred, as she ran along ; "I should never have cornel" She had gone about n mile perhaps, when she began to feel doubtful about her ability to ..Jseep tbe Tight path. She pauBfd. and Stfiheea ->»A>onfc Iter, Ma' iKHna human habitation. Alas 1 there was none in sight. By this time the sun had gone down, and the moon was bathing the earth with its silver radiance. While she stood irresolute, a footstep sounded behind her. Sbe turned swiftly, and faoed a man, with his hat in his hand, and a cigar between his lips. A tall, dark, and rather handsome penon he looked in the moonlight. Lenore deoided to ad dress him. "If yon please, sir," she said, as he ap proached her, " I am trying to reach Pied mont station, and I feel somewhat donbtful whether I am on the right course. Will you have the kindness — " "How that » jolly," the stranger inter rupted, in a harsh, familiar voice. " Pied- moat station — the very confounded place Fm in search of I dome, my dear, you are too pretty to be wandering alone at this hour, so well bear each other company. Give me your hand, my dear, and we'll soon reach Piedmont, or some other place." He advanced quite close, and attempted to take her hand ; his breath, reeking with brandy, ooming hot upon ber cheek. Lenore drew back in disgust and anger, V Thank you, sir, but I have no desire for your company ; I merely thought yon would be civil enough to direct me which way to go. Let me pass 1" But he planted himself before her like wall. Her bine eyes began to flash like steel, and the rich color leaped to ber white cheeks. She had fled from what ehe believed to be an apparation, but she had no fear of mortal man. .. V _x _ n A.S La. r qjcp xpti |WB0| sir , sue repeaveu| uci iu- perrons voice ringing like a bugle. " Let you pass?" the man repeated, Catch ing at her hand again. " Why, what d'ye fake me for J What's a pretty creature like yon strolling about at thie hour for, if not in quest of company? And I'm gopd company, I am. Come, now, giro us a kin, and take my arm, and we'll jog along together as jolly as yon please I" A sodden sense of her thoughtless in discretion in patting herself in such a questionable position, smote Lenore, bnt ehe felt no fear, " Will yon let me pass, sir?" she again re peated. For answer, the man seized her left arm, and drew her close to his side, and bending over ber, made an effort to pollute her cheek by contact with his lips. She did not cry out or even straggle, bnt her blue eyes darkened until tbey looked almost black in the moonlight, and sbe pnt out tike a gleam of lightning, find-Abe man T6l88SlBff tul &OlQ;| v&Ca; Tfllfl a lQltfl cry. " Why, what's this? Whatareyoudolng?" demanded a resonant voice. Miss Trevethon turned quietly to meet this new-comer, returning the slender dagger to hep bSfom, as she did so. It was a curious, costly iittie toy, Jhj£ hotj beep in her family for ages, and it was Lenore's habit to carry it about her person. - _1 (To it ttnOmuill f Msdam, «|i4 fte impecunious boarder re the landlidF, -I Wisfo to pay my fiddressea tq wmrSprotiyr.'- ' Fm delighted to hear she readied ; ?but I thould like to mention that 4 you don't pay them mora promptly than yon do your bread bills, you'll never gether, young nun.' The Navy League's proposition to place a wreath at the foot of Nelson's Column on the ahnlysrsazynf tfip Battle of Trafalgar calls to mind the eVtSjmatiqn qt onp of HeE eoniz sailare when qe first saw the column ih Trafalgar-square. " My eyes '" shouted th4 old salt. "Why, they've mastheaded the MmMt" r A photographer Jibs a way of taking things (hat wpuM hre tt» fefefe>d in finy other jigp of bumm. 