Queensland Notes. Brisbane, November 22. If a dark hint thrown out by the Premier the other day is followed up by action, the Civil Ser- vice of the colony will not have much reason to call down blessings upon the head of the pre- sent Government. Their feelings will be stirred, not to thankfulness, but rather to rebellion against the workings of the political providence under which they live and move and have their being. The Premier, during the discussion of :the. Estimates, made the ominous statement that, in view of the falling revenue, he would probably, eithcr this year or next, have to introduce a bill providing for reduction pf salaries by from 10 per cent, to 15 per cent., embracing great and small, Ministers and messengers, Under-Secreta- ries and policemen. This came as a surprise, for the Estimates submitted this year exhibited no tendency towards retrenchment; neither has .the public expenditure-been suggestive of the approach of bad timos. Only a few nights ago, the Commissioner for Railways, who draws a fairly good salary, had his tenure of office ex- tended by another tkree years, and his salary creased by £500 a year, making it in all £2000. The Under-secretaries, who usually get a good share of the loaves and fishes, have also had their incomes increased. Thus, everything seemed to indicate that the financial ship was sailing in smooth water, and there were no rocks ahead There had been some pessimistic rumblings under the surface, but no real danger was In view. Al the hint of tho Premier, which may or may** mean all that it forbodes, the prospect ' much less serene. It will be an unpleasant gb . at the table of many a Civil servant, and lead all and sundry to anathematise droughts ¡ all their disastrous ways. The day of retren merit may be distant, but the possibility of it h pening will hang unpleasantly over the festivit of Christmas^ time. The ushering in of the ll year of federal existence with the foreshadow of a'black Wednesday will enable the anti-fede clement to say with some unction, "We told you so." * * * Criminal. statistics possess..an -interiest wh: may be said to be peculiarly t^heir .'own. classes In the community and all nationalit contribute to them, so that if a geueral ir.us' woro made of those who have passed ihrob the gaols during one year, one would be si prised to find what a cosmopolitan, w.hat motley crowd it was. Even among the sm; population of Queensland, the variety of n tionality and occupation is remarkable. T other colonies, England, Scotland, Ireland, Wal Germany, India, Japan, Africa, the Pacific IslanOs, America, and pretty well all the coun- tries of Europe, have contributed to the'inmat of the penal establishments of Queensland, small army ot 2600 males and 477 females we received into the various prisons and gaols. Th was during the year which ended December last. On that date 508 males and 43 females st remained. The rest had gone their ways, son to disappear from, view altogether, others lil the flotsam and jetsam of society, only to 1 swept up at their gaolers' feet again*.ftudirßpß in one year the melancholy experieacesopf titi preceding one. It is somewhat; .painful to . ri fleet that by far the greater >pprtipnt>pi(.rthe{>pe sons dealt" with were first offenders. .'There we 1388 first convictions and 343 convictions for ti fourth time, while the second and third. ;Oiivi( tions were both less. It would.be cheering j argue from that that the refor^$S^|ffßts;^ present-day prison discipline are'cbnsidèiîi^le. would, however, be difficult to 'demonstrate whs it acually amounts to, because many crimina; migrate to other colonies when they haye broke the ice here, and their places are bffe.ñritttken. b others who have found the other cölbnies-'n longer agreeable places of residence. The offen ces springing mainly from vagabondage and in decency were itt excess of any others, there be ing 794 males and 126 females-convicted of thes offences, as against 215 males and 8 female of offences against the person;,480 males and 2 females for offences against property; and 10 males and 54 females for drunkenness. ; It tfi satisfactory to remark that if the crimina population were a source of expense to the com xnunity, they were not altogethe non-producers, for the ten prisons two penal establishments, and six pol id gaols in operation during the ...year ^.perfoEjm* Work, grew produce, and manufacfiuped . gpqd altogether to the value of £l3,&35;,3s. Of: thu sum the St. Helena penal establishment aíom Contributed £11,380 19s lOd. * * * His Excellency the Governor, who has returned to Brisbane after his prolonged tour in the re- mote parts of the colony, has resumed his resi- dence at Government House. During his travels he visited some interesting spots, and evidently found much to engage his attention through the yast drought-stricken areas. Near Rocklands in the remote Gregory district, he visited some limestone caves, which, if they were more acces- sible, would certainly be a resort of sightseers The district abounds in these curious natural chambers. One of these, in the centre of smaller caves, is a chamber 250ft deep, traversed by sub- terranean water, which flows northward to the Gregory River. In order to get to the bottom of this chamber, his Excellency had to make descents of from 50ft to 70ft at a time. Needless to say the view below was worth the difficulties attend ing upon its enjoyment. Still more noteworthy were the geographical features of the O'Shannesy River, which is a clear flowing stream. After crossing tho river,, the party came upon a plain from one and a half to two miles broad, with low hills, on either side, intersected by small valleys Going up oue of these, a strange limestone forma- tion was seen. The rocks assumed regular but most fantastic shapes, and it was like passing into an old Egyptian temple. Walking up the centre, the rocks branched off into transverse halls, or aisles, with curiously-shaped pillars; the top, or covering, rocks having regular flutings due apparently to the action of water. His Ex- cellency, who in his time has seen many countries .describes the appearance of the rocks as among the most remarkable natural spectacles that he has witnessed. * * The good people of Mackay evidently believe that the gods help those who help themselves. .They are tired of wooing the skies. They are wearied of praying. They have decided to take severe measures .with Nature. They are going to bombard the heavens. Four mortars have been manufactured. at Cameron's Foundry, and it is intended firing off these weapons in hopes that the concussion of the atmosphere will precipitâte the rain which so far has refused to come. The Government "Agricultural Journal," which does not ordinarily deal in fiction or romance, is re- sponsible for the Makay people resolving upon this experiment, and it will be interesting to watch the result. If the Mackay mortars succeed in producing rain there will be a run on artillery. A new use will be found for such cannon as the Government possess, and the foundries will be kept going night and day making mortars. The drought-stricken west will look upon every artil- leryman as a possible saviour of his country; and every cannon as a patent dry-weather preventer, Certain it is that if the Mackay bombardment is successful, the country will resound with the deaf- ening crash of artillery. The trouble in these cases is that the presence of clouds appears to be necessary. Rain has been known to come in an- swer to a bombardment; but that has been only when clouds have been the objective. It seems to be matter of getting your clouds first, and bombarding afterwards. For the sake of science and Mackay, it is to be hoped that the conditions will be propitious, and the experiment a suc- cess. * * * * Some interest has been aroused by the by- election for a member to represent the suburb of Toowong. The late member, Mr. Thomas Fin- ney, the head of a big drapery firm, recently re- signed, and it became necessary for a successor to be found for him. Strange to relate, there was no rush of candidates. The contest was left as a straight-out run between Labor and the Go- vernment. Mr. Finney was a Government sup- porter; but years ago the constituency was repre- sented by a Labor man, and the Labor vote in it is pretty considerable. The pres- tige of the late member went a long way towards keeping the con- stituency a Ministerial one. The Govern- ment candidate on this occasion was Mr. E. H. Macartney, a solicitor, and a partner of the Hon. A. J. Thynne. His opponent in the Labor interest was Mr. Arthur S. Lilley, a barrister, and a son of the late Sir Charles Lilley. It was thus a case of lawyer meeting lawyer, and the odds un- til the poll seemed to be fairly even. Of course, the Labor party helped their nominee all they could, and made much of the nefarious conduct of the Government in regard to private railways, and other alleged departures from the straight path of political rectitude. The Ministerialists, on the other hand, were equally busy on their side. So far, as the candidates are concerned, they had certain qualities in common, which possibly somewhat embarrassed the free and independent voter in his choice. They were both young men; they were both lawyers; they both professed de- mocratic leanings; and they were both new to politics, though Mr. Lilley has previously ap- peared as a candidate. The contest was decided on Saturday, when Mr. Macartney was returned. He polled 960 votes against Mr. Lilley's 766. The victory was counted as more than a capture of a seat as a vindication of policy. * * * Talking about politics reminds me that the late Mr. Tyson had a very poor estimate of them. He looked upon politics as a waste of time. He al- lowed himself to be made a Legislative Coun- cillor, and he spoke on one occasion, but his re- marks were not received in the spirit which he thought they should have been, and he never troubled "Hansard" again, and was rarely after- wards seen in the Chamber. A Labor member the other evening expressed the pious wish that the millionaire's ghost could rise and see how his big fortune was being blown to the four winds of heaven-a wish, however well intentioned, far from charitable, for nothing would have given him less pleasure. The real cause of distaste for speech-making was narrated in court the other day. The Hon. T. Macdonald Paterson in- duced him to make a speech on the marsupials of Queensland, and in the middle of his speech, when he was describing how wallabies came for thou- sands of miles out of the scrub into the pad- docks, and ate the grass, the Hon. Pat. Perkins interjected, "Do they bite the sheep?" Mr. Ty- son was so disgusted at the levity of the remark that he sat down, and would never speak again. Ridicule is a sharp sword, and it killed the mil- lionaire as a political speaker. * * * * Though everyone is ready to pity the unhappy lot of the leper, there are few who care to have any actual dealings with him. With most people it is "Room for the leper, room." There have been some shining exceptions to the general rule; sublime self-sacrifice such as that of Father Da- mien, but missionary effort too often pales at the thought of the lazarette; its pitiable isolation; its sad stories of hopeless disease. Until a few days ago there were not many people in Queens- land- who knew that a worthy couple, rich in worldly possessions, as well as in the Divine quality of compassion, have been devoting them- selves to the services of the unfortunate lepers on Stradbroke Island-the chief leper station in the colony. Such has been the case, and prob- ably few would have known the fact if it had not been that circumstances determining them to abandon their mission have given public promi- nence to it. Some year or more ago the Govern- ment were in need of a superintendent for the leper station, and Mr. and Mrs. Lewis, described by the Home Secretary as people possessed of very considerable means, volunteered their ser- vices. They came from N.S.W. to devote their lives to the work of tending the lepers- surely a rare piece of self-sacrifice in these matter-of-fact days. Their services were accepted, and ever since they have been inmates within the lazar- ette. It is stated that they spared neither them- selves nor their private means to beguile the weary hours of. the sufferers. Unhappily, their reward seems to have been quite a crop of com- plaints against their administration. Mr. Lewis himself was so hurt at the ingratitude displayed that he tendered his resignation to the Home Sec- retary, and prepared to abandon his work. The Minister stated in Parliament that he had per- suaded Mr. Lewis to reconsider his determination, and there was a probability of his doing so. At the same time, he promised to investigate the complaints which had been made, though he evi- dently inclined to the belief that they were groundless; and, so far as Mr. and Mrs. Lewis were concerned, he spoke in the highest terms of praise of them and their work. * * * * Quite recently, there was a little boom in sui- cides, Now, in Stock Exchange parlance, there is a small flutter in the divorce market. One rather remarkable case, just conoluded, resulted in a verdict of £300 damages against Mr. J. Dunsford, M.L.A., of Charters Towers. Another one, in which a journalist named Perel is seeking a di- vorce from his wife, is now proceeding, and is attracting some little extra attention from the al- lusions which have been made to one or two po- litical personages, and at least two or three others are talked of. So far, there has been no sensa- tion of this kind in high, life; but, possibly, they are to come. The Dunsford case, which ended so infelicitously for the co-respondent, or the co-defendant, as the term is here, let some light upon some dark phases of life, and furnished spicy argument for those who regard marriage as a failure. * * * * Parliament has been more than usually intent on business. There has been nothing sensational in its proceedings, nor has there been anything to suggest, as sometimes there is, that law-mak- ing is, after all, not a serious occupation. Mem- bers have concentrated one eye on the business before them, and another on the Toowong elec- tion, and, not having a third to twinkle with un- due mirth, or flare up with anger, they have been fully occupied, and, like most busy people, have not had much leisure to talk. The three railways proposed by the Government-the Gladstone to Rockhampton, the Kilkivan to Coolabunia, and the Hughenden to Richmond-passed through the House in three days, and had it not been for a proposal that one of other of them should be con- structed by day labor, instead of by contract, there would have been very little discussion at all. The Government, did not quite regard the day labor proposal with acceptation, but a pro- mise was given that an experiment should be made somewhere and sometime, to see whether it would work. An intimation was also given that the full list of railways contemplated by the Government, will be tabled within the next fort- night. The principal other business done has been the discussion, of the new Factories and Shops Bill, with which fair progress has been made. All things considered, there appears to be every reason to believe that the House will manage to do its work and still get home for its Christmas dinner-a prospect which was less pro- bable a few weeks ago. * * * " * Both the Brisbane theatres-the Opera House and the Theatre Rayol-are open, and are doing well. Mr. Wm. Anderson's Dramatic Company holds possession of the former, and its perform- ances, designed for the million, attract what in this city of thousands, corresponds to the state of the population. A variety company, with Miss Irene Franklin as the chief attraction, is having a prosperous season at the Theatre Royal. Music has been represented by a very creditable per- formance of "The Messiah" by the Brisbane Musi- cal Union. Gaeta. 