THE STORYTELLER Old Purvis. By S. Baring-Gould. It is now a good many years ago— I think a quarter of a century— since I read for the law, and lodged in Margaret-street. I had rooms on the ground floor, a front parlour, and a bedroom behind. I was then young, sanguine, and -bumptious. I am none of these now. I have been elbowed out of the way, and cold-shouldeied enough to have the confidence and conceit taken cut of me. ? , , I _ i! ? 1* _„„ T nrn o in \f A ^T^T^ tTB \T\ III 9 F' garet-street I know a good many people in town, people I mean in society, and I went out as off fin as I cared. My landlady put candlesticks and matches on the bench in the hall, and left the front door uu bolted. If I came in late, with my latch key, I looked to see how many candles stood on the bench, and if miue alone were there, then I bolted the front door. It. was an understood tbinir that the la*-t who came ic fmrn the theatre or a dinner paity i-hou!d thus secure the door. There were swral lodgers in the house. I knew them by siirht— but was not on speaking terns with any' They wore not of my sort— uot to be cultivated. One niirbt, af er returning from d;nner, I ' I have had her children on my knee.' resolved to do a couple of hours' reading before going to bed. I had been remise, and an examination wa6 approaching. So I drew out my books, took off my stock, unbuttoned n-y t-hirt collar, turntd up the reading lamp, lighted my pipe, and opened my case of spirits, that 1 might take a little weak brandy and water, to relieve the drj ness of legal study. I bad been reading for three-quarters of an hour, with a wet towel about my head, when my attention was attracted from my work by a slight noise at the front door. I gave it no particular attention at first, but it continued, nnd thus forced notice on me. ' Hah ! '' said I to myself, ' one of the lodgers has been iiuing out, and has had a drop too much. He cannot get. the key into the latch hole.' I shut my ears and tried to concentrate my thoughts on my book, but when I drew my fingers from my ears I was awate that the fumbling continued. ' Humph,'' said I, ?? that is what it is. Serve . him right if he does not get in. Let him grope as much as he will, T'll not help him. A man ought to know when he has had enough and have the resolution to stop at lhat point. '' I now listened with a grim satisfaction to the attempts made at the door, always ineffectually. ' The police will be down on him soon,'' snid I. Then I could hear that the person without pulled the bell. That rang downstairs in the kitchen and landlady's premises, that were deserted at night. ' Much that will avail,' muttered I. ' Go on, ring— ring— ring— no oae -will hear you.' But I did hear distinctly the tinkle of the bell below— like the voice of the ghost in Hamlet underground. Then pressure was applied tD the door, but it did not yield. Again the bell was sounded, and then again and again. ' Ring away, you fool,' sneered I. 'The land lady and servant live in the attics at night, and below the surface only by day.' Once again the fumbling began at the lock. It seemed to me as though I heard the cli-.k of the latch. He had got the key into place, acd yet could not open the door. This had gone on for, I think, a quarter of an hour, when all at once an idea shot through my brain lhat brought me to my fret with a jump. ' Good heavens ! I bolted the door.' I ran out into the passage, grandiloquently styled ' the hall,' and there— on the bench, was a candlestick. I had not noticed it. Taking it for certain that I was, as usual, the last in] I had made the front door fast. With as mu-.h sense of humiliation as a bumptious young man can feel, I uubarred, opened, an i there entered an elderly man whom I recognised as a fellow-lodger. '? I beg your pardon a thousand tiov-s,' said I ; ' it was my stupidity. I bolted the door without consideiation, not noticing your candle.' ' Not at all sir, not at all,' anbwered the man. ' Look here, «r,' said I, 'I offer ycu ttn thousand apologies, -which will do you do gocd, but to season thim I offer as well my fire and a glass of hot spirits and water. I have the kettle on the hob — and you 6cem to be cold.' ' I do feel Ihe cold, rather ; I am from South Africa, sir.' 'Then come in. I shall not sleep through self-reproach unlet-s you accept. Good heavens ' you might catch your death of cold on such a night in a biting east wind— and doubtless your fire is not lighted.' ' No, sir ! it is not.' ' Then come in.' ' I shall be incommoding you r ' ' Not in the least.' ' I do not like to intrude.' ' No intrusion whatever.' He was shivering, his face white, and his teeth chattered. ' You shall have a hot jorum,' eaid I. ' Pray draw your chair to the fire.' This fellow lodger had a hesitating, timid manner. I looked at him attentively now, as I removed the shade from the lamp. He was broad shouldered with a stoop, his hair was thick and grey, and he had thick and grey whiskers and beard ; nj moustache— that appendage was not worn at the time, save by military men. He had a pleasant, honest face, rough and burnt with the sun: and his hands and feet were i large and uncouth. The finger-nails were coarse ] and untrimmed. He wore ready-made clothes i that did not fit him, and bis movements were - awkward. Even as he sat his position was un easy at the edge of the chair. He was not a gentleman ; indeed, he made no pretence to be one; but that he was a good, true, and kindly man was what impressed itself on me imnie- - diately. _ ' ' You are quite sure, sir, I am not in truding r ' 1 'Not at all. Now louk here Mr. ? I beg - pardon, I do not know your name.' ' Purvis.' ' ( ' Mr. Purvis, this will not do. Draw nearer to t the fire. Stand at it and warm yourself | thoroughly. I can see by your trembling hands i you have been chilled.' He obeyed, and stood facing the fire. To ] stand with his back to it, his coat tails expanded, l would be a temerity and a familiarity of which he was incapable on the first aquaintance. As he thus stood facing1 the fire and the ' looking-glass above if, his eye was caught by a - card — ? ' Sir William Ma rid on, Hailev-fitrcef.' '. ' Oh i '' he suddenly exclaimed. ' Do you i know him ? ' ' ' I have been dining at Lady Mnrldon's to night.' i -? Din — ing- at Lady MarldonV ! ' his face flushed, a light came into his eyes, and he put. 1 hia hand, his great, coarse, f reck lei hand, up to his mouth. ' Yes — why not r ' ' Ob, nothing — nothmjr. And you know Lady Marldon and the Barrow Knight r ' ' Well,' said I : ' T could hardly have dined there had I not, could I ? Then, ab to his title — he is not a baionet.' ' But, sir, you'll excuse my presumption, what is he then r He's a sir — ain't he ? ' ' Oh, yes, he's a sir. But then every Jack and Tom who is knighted is a sir.' ' But, he has been knighted ? ' a.^ked Mi\ Purvis dubiously. 'Certainly. But a knight is nothing. There are plenty of knights you could not meet in society. When they turn brewers and civil engineers into peers, they must go very low indeed for a mere knight.' I repeat that I was inordinately bumptious at this period of my existence, and thought it the chic to disparage and depreciate. ' Oh, he is only a mere knight,' said Mr. Purvis meditatively, and with a fall in his features. ' Sir, with your good leave, I will sit me down.' He took a chair, and, leaning forward, passed one great palm over the back of his other hand. ' Theu what is my lady r ' ' You have been in the colonies,' said I, ' and you do not understand our social scale and our titles of honour. Of course, there are knights and knights. A knighthood in the army is olo thing ; a knighthood given to a trade has been a Mayer in a pokey littlf another thing. You look up to th iown on the other.' ' In— deed, but this Sir William Mai ' Oh ! his knighthood is sonar-thing He is in the law, and that ranks with 11 ' Then he is something 'r ' Ho I luestioningly and with a curious entici ^yes for a satisfactory answer. ' Yes, ff course. He is a very dist janister iudeed, very much so— and lay be a Judge and a baron.' ' Oh ! ' sa;.d Purvis, and rubbed i iver the other, then rubbed down hi? ;o make sure they were not, being ' Oh ! I am glud he is something. A is his missus ; she iw a lady, then r ' ' I suppose, living ss you have in Mr. Purvis, you hardly know the between A lady, The lady, and simple 1; ' Is there any. sir 'r ' ' Every difference,' replied I with si ' A lady every woman with culture, i A feeling and manners may be— !s. So-and-so is a barou's wife, with thi Lidy Emily or Jane So-and-so, Family name is, say an Earl'* daughter, So-and-so is— will, a baronet's or a kniul He tried to mark it en his clinn-y fin failed, looked puzzled and gave it up. ' Which is Lidy Marldun r '' he atingly. ' Quite iijrht,' I naid approving you had said the Lady Emma Marldon ' But she is MarV not Emma.' I looked at him with surprise. ' Do you know the Marldon' ? ' I He coloured to the temples aud see with confusion. ' Lor3, sir ! How could I ? You what I am, a rough colonial, that Lav and shovel, aud wheeled a barrow all Not likely, is it now r' ' But ? ' I was unconvinced. I unaware what Lady Marldon's Chrit was. However, I said no more on the pouied him out a stiff glass of rum anc ' I looks towards you, sir, and I all good things,' said he, and raised t When he had done, he stood up, i his chair, put it against the wall, and his forehead, said, ' I wish you a j sir, and many thanks.' ' Not at all. It is a pleasure. ' He went to the door, stood in it h and said, after a little effort with overcome his shyness : 'I hope, sii taking a liberty, but if I might ju then — of an evening, when not intn taking up your valuable time, if I have a little talk — I should take it vastly kind, sir.' ' By all means, Mr. Purvis, wh- your convenience. I am dull alon' be pleased to have a chat. There ie ] and here is the case — whisky, rum, or brandy, as you choose.' ' Thank you, sir, thauk you, you are very kind. I wouldn't interrupt if you waa at all busy.' ' I will be Irauk with you, Mr Purvis. If I am engaged I will say so.' ' Thank you, sir, thank you. I agaiu wish you a good-uight.' So he withdrew. This was the b'giniug of au acquaintance. I liked the man. I could not help liking him ; and it flattered my youthful conceit to feel that I was patronising thi-i #rey-haired man and that he looked up 10 me. He was singularly innocent of almost every thing that concerns the etiquette and les convenances of society. But h-^ was not a bore. I felt, though 1 did not at the time realise it, that in every fibrs of his mind and heart Old Purvis was the gentleman. His spirit was singularly modest and shrinking, eenMtive to a touch ; but. of the formn of social life he waa totally ignorant. I would have trusted that man absolutely if he passed his word to see about any matter confided to him ; yet I should have been at-hamed to the sole6 of my feet to have been seen walking iviih him in Regent-street because he walked ftvim hU shoulders liku a boor, wore no gloves, was ill-dressed, and looked the boDr. After this I saw a good deal of Old Purvis in the evening*. I was affable, gracious to him, and he never presumed, and seemed humbly obliged to me for enduring his presence. He often turned the conversation up jn the Marldous, and inquired about Sir William and the lady, and whother I considered they were happy together, whether she were much regarded, what society they kept. I cuuld not understand this interest ; I put it down to uncouthnes:;. He knew they were acquaintances of min^, and thought he was obliging me by speaking of them. But one day when I was at Marldon's hou--e in Harlcy-ttreet lunching, Sir William drew me iuto the window, and paid — there was no else present — ' I want you very much to tell me something1 about a man of the name of Purvis who lives in the same lodgings where you are.' Seeing me look surprised be added : ' It is a curious thing, but w« are pestered with him. I cannot say that I have met with annoyance personally from him ; but I learu that he hangs about the street, watches our door, tries to get in with our servant, asks questions about my wife and me, and lately contrived to fall into conversation with our nurse, and made much of our children, and gave them sweetstuff — in the par*. Now this) is a thing I will not stand. I will not have my children's stomachs upset with lollipops the constitution of which I do not know. We should not have heard of it had not one of the children let hlip concerning it. The whole conduct of this fellow is perplexing. It may mean great unpleasantness. Who is he ? What is he ? And what does he want, pottering and prying about this house ? Continued on Paae 103. Continued from Page 95. We wero dining out at Lord Delmore'a last week, and, as I learned frcm the coach man, that man was lurking about, watching the carriage and the door till we came out. What does it all mean ? I set the police to find out, and all they have done is to run him to ground in Margaret-street, and to ascertain that Ms name is Purvis. They have nothing against him, they say, but if he does not mean mischief ?what does he mean P ' ' There is no harm in the man.' I answered, ' he is a fellow who has been in South Africa, and has made a little money there — diamonds I think.' ' But what can make him dodge us as he doesP' ' I can only put it down to Btupid inquisitive ness,' said I ; 'he may have heard me speak of you. But I will do this : I will tell him how very annoying this conduct is and require him to desist. It -is a little awkward, but I will certainly do it.' I was vastly annoyed. I thought that because there was a title this colonial fellow was curious to see the bearers of the title, not in the least knowing the relative value of titles, and that, being a clumsy, blundering old fool, he had given annoyance by his persistency in his efforts to see and learn something about the ways of the only titled people concerning whom he had a chance of obtaining information. It was with great irritation in my mind and manner that I addressed Purvis the next time he came into my room. I thought that I had been unintentionally the cause of this vexation to the Marldons, who had been -very kind to me. I blurted out what I had to eay without any gentle approach on the subject. I did not mention that the police had been set to watch him ; but I let Purvis understand that the annoyance must stop. It had been carried too far, and carried on too long. It was no joke to the Marldons nor to me. The old man sat listening, with his head bowed, rubbing one hand over the other, and then putting a tremblina: finger to his mouth. Presently he said ; ' Very well, I will go back to South Africa. I will not come to England ag- aiD.' ' There , is really no need for that. Only desist from haunting Harley- street.' ' I cannot help it,' he said in a dispirited tone, and as he turned I saw along tear run down his cheek.' ' Good gracious, Mr. Purvis ! ' I said, ' What is the matter ? ' ' Nothing, nothing,' he answered. ' I'll go back again now.' ' There must be something:. There is a mystery in this. There is some hidden reason, something I do not understand.' Then, after a good deal of hesitation, he told me his story, but it was only after I had promised him solemnly not to tell any one, above all not to allow an inkling of it to reach the Marldons. Old Purvie had been a labouring man in a country village. He had lost his wife, who had left him an only child, a daughter, who was to him as the apple of his eye. This ohild was intelligent, eweet of disposition, and had been noticed by the young ladies of the parsonage, who had persuaded the father and induced the Squire to contribute to get the girl educated at a training college to become a schoolmistress. When sufficiently old, she had obtained a school, and during her holidays had been with her father, wLose heart swelled with pride at his refined and accomplished daughter. At the Hall of the place where she was school mistress, there had trouble about the governesses, and the mistress had been called in to give lessons to the children there, and thence had passed into the house as governess, and had given up the school. Now it had come about that a kinsman of the Squire, a Mr. Marldon, at the Bar, was a good deal there, and had taken notice of the young teacher, had been moved by her sweetness, modesty, and pleasant face and manner, and, after some little stiuggle with himself, had proposed. '?Well, sir,' said Old Purvis, putting his hand over his mouth, then faking it away again, ' I don't mean but to say I was proud, and when they was married I took and turned it all over in my head. They was very good to me. My Mary wanted me to go and stay with her, and the gentleman also was most kind. But it wouldn't do. I knew it wouldn't. What would the servants have said to me P They'd have turnad up their saucy noses at me. I knowed well enough as I was only an old ploughman, and I ate and I talked and I dressed other from gentle folks, aud the more I thought the more I saw as I'd be a difficulty to my Mary. So I seed an advertisement in the paper as how a gentleman was going to settle in Natal, and he wanted a labouring man to go out with htm from England to act as his hind. Well, sir, I answered that there advertisement, and I went, but I left no address, said nothing to nobody, and I changed my name to Purvis — for before I ?was Waterman. We was out in Natal growing of indigo, b£it there was a poor market, and things didn't go as they ought ; then the diamonds was discovered up country ; eo my master and I .made tracks for the field, and he and I went in for it and got claims and worked together. We did finely — till one day he got the fever and ve^r soon died. But before that he made over his claim to me. Now I worked on and on till I'd made a sight more money than I knew what to do with, and somehow — in here,' he . touched his breast, ' there was a terrible hunger and longing to see and hear how my dear Mary were getting on, whether her husband were kind to her, whether they were poorly off; for, if so, I thought as how what I had made might oe an assistance to them.' He pausei and wiped his brow. '' Well, sir, I came home, and I began to in quire, and what was my surprise to find that this here young barrister was now Sir William Marl aon, »r.u my Mary was Lady. ?nrea,?d himeelf wi* P'de. But,' 8aid I, *' whj do jou aot go and eee then* P I am sure you could not give her a greater pleasure.' ' No, no,' he replied, *' I know my place. .1 dare be bound they think I am dead, and let 'em think it. It is best so. Tou do not suppose, now, that Sir William casts it ever at her that she had no money of her own ? ' ' I am positive he does not.' ' And, do you know — their boy is Philip.' ' Yes, their eldest.' ' And Philip is my name.' The old man looked at me with a pleased expression. ' That was nice of her, and right-minded, was it not, to call her boy after the old father as was gone and had never been heard of no more ? ' ' Is not that a proof to you that she would like to see you ? ' ' I dare say she would,' pursued Old Purvis, ' but it is another, matter whether she ought. Theee's the servants, there's a great, grand butler, and there's a footman, and the coachman. Then they have their grand acquaintances:' He shook his head. ' I know my place. Now, lookee here, sir,' he continued, ' as I was coming home in a steamer, there was a sort of a sharper chap aboard as tried to get them what had made money in the diamond fields to play cards with him. He tried it on with me, but 'twas no good. I wouldn't play. So he lost temper, dreadfu', one day, and said right out before all, ' Now, guv'nor, it's no use you thinking to peacock it in Great Britain because you've got money. No one would ever take you for a gentleman. You talk and you walk and you eat iike a plough man.' ' Did you not kick him P ' I asked. ' No ; I knew it was true. But I felt it, and there and then I resolved as I'd not be an in cumbrance, and an awk'ardness to my daughter and her husband. But if they was in poor cir cumstances then it would be different. You understand ? ' I nodded. Something in ms stirred, and I began to feel that with all my conceit and patronage and tall talk, I was immeasurably below this rude man in everything that makes the gentleman. ' You can understand now,' he went on, ' that I have been longing to see her, And I have, as Bhe came from the theatre and from dinners, and I've seen her as she went to church, and'I was at church also, and I never took my eyes off her* But, I've had her children also on my knee, and when I heard the little maid call the boy Philip, you might have knocked me down with a feather.' 'lam still unsatisfied. You are denying her what would give her supreme happiness.' ' I am preventing her from being put in ex- , treme difficulties, I thank you. I know Avhat I am, and I know now what she is. I shall go back to South A frica, and there lay my old grey head. I have besn happy enough there, and now I have seen her and know she is well and content and respected, I ehall be happier. And as to any more annoyance — I'll keep away. There, sir. Good-night. My secret you've promised to keep.' ' Yes,' said I. He was gone. I was now placed in very difficult circum stances. Sir William would assuredly question me about Old Purvis. What could I eay ? I iesolved not to go near .the Marldons for some time— not till Old Purvis had departed, and that he would depart I was sure. When he said a thing he did it. Next morning he came icto my room whilst I was breakfasting ; he put his finger to his fore head. ' I hope I'm not intruding ; but you said that Sir William Marldon was like to become a Judge. ' ' ' Aye, nothing less unlikely — Judge, baron, who can say ? Some day Lord Chancellor, per haps.' ' Thank you, sir, thank you. More is the reason why I should go. I hope I have not dis turbed you, sir ? I'm off now to the agents, to take my berth for the Cape and Natal.' ' So soon 1 ' ' There is nothing to keep me longer in Eng land,' When I returned, the same afternoon, to my lodgings, the landlady, who had apparently been waiting for my appearance, came to meet me in the passage, as goon as she had heard my key in the lock. ' I am sorry to say, sir,' she said, ' but your friend, old Mr. Purvis— well, there's been a bad accident. He has been run over, and the doctor has been here, and don't give much hope.' With three bounds I was on the stairs, and ran up to the old man's room. He was in bed, looking very white and drawn. He was glad to see me, and held out his hand. ' It has come other than I reckoned,' said he. ' I wasn't knocked over in Harley-street, I really wasn't. I were going to the steamship office, and I suppose I were thinking of this, that, and t'other thing, and gave no attention at a crossing, and— here I am, sir, done for. The doctor shook his head. I haven't many hours. Thank the Lord my mind is clear.' I expressed my distress of mind. I was indeed deeply moved, and was struck with consternation. '* As I said, I was going to take ship and se cure my berth. Well, I am going in another 6ort o' berth, but it'6 just as well, every tit and tottle as well. Now, I'd like to have a word with you at once. You aren't engaged, are you ? I wouldn't like to take up your valuable time ? ' ' Indeed, indeed, no. Purvis, I am wholly at your service.' ' Thank you, sir, you have always been kind to me. It is just this. I've, ever since I came to England, and knowed about the Marldons, what they were, I've had all my savings put into the bank, and entered in her name ; all but a doity little amount such as I might want myself. But you see, sir, she don't know it. So will you oblige mefanl when lam dead and buried just tell her there the money is. It ain't a bad sum, alto gether, and Bhe'll have a good income of her own apart from her husband's money, and I wish that. He may respect her the mora for that.' ' That cannot be. He adores her.' ' Well, well, it can do no harm. It pleases me to think it. And here's a digmotd— it's the very purest I found. Let her have it made into a , brooch, or what she likes, and wear it in remem brance of me. You'll do that, won't you ? Give it her after I am gone.' ' Indeed, Mr. Purvis,' said I, ' you must, you mu9t let her see you. It would break her loving heart— and hers is a loving heart, I assure you — not to have seen you once more.' ' You think so ? ' ' I am sure of it.' ' Well,' said he, ' then don't let her come in her grand carriage, with that there coachman wi' Tiis solemn face, and the footman wi' his turn-up, supercilious nose. Let her take a cab and come, that the servants mayn't know it's her old father she's come to see.' ' I'll go at once,' I said. I knew no time was to be lost. In half an hour I was back, and I had that sweet Lady Marldon with me, her lips quivering, her face pale, and tears coursing down her cheeks under her veil. I led her in silence, up the stairs, to the old man's room ; I opened the door, let her pass in, and then shut it upon those two. I suppose I waB on the landing for a quarter of an hour, and then I began to think it would be well for me to interrupt the interview. He could hardly hear more. Then I heard the street door opened, and the doctor's voice. I no longer hesi tated. I turned the handle and entered. She was on her knees by hie bed, and her head lay on his breast. She was sobbing as though her heart would break ; his right arm was round her neck, and bis great rough hand was on her head with some strands of her beautiful hair over his fingers. There was a happy smile on the placid face of the old man ; but in a moment I s-tw that the doctor was no more needed, and that it was necessary at once to remove my lady. THE END. 