Frank Parketer'sStratapm =" COMPLETE Ilt TlUS ISSUE.' ./> \ BT VVM. RAYNOR. 'i OOPtMQHT. 30RAH Bnlmer . J Bat in tho par-' i € lour of her Vt a father's hoitso |\ I nt Smarts tone 8 \ I in Yorkshire. 8 \ 8 Bofortrhcr was "iBoe," he snid, smilingly. "And the Idea of applying for ono-fiurrica you it littlo. Well, now, suppose you tako , a nolo of a letter in shorthand and thou typo, it ut tlio inuohluo, so that I can soo how yon -mtiungo it. ' Take your. timo now,- nnd dnu't be too anxious. I am quito willing to mnko. all allowances for you,'-' lio udded kindly. Tliis big, -strong gentleman wus vory nico njnil reassuring, Norali thought, und it gave her oourngo. > She took tho noto from his- (flotation : und typed it 'absolutely without miatuko.- " Tliut'B famously done," lio said.' And ho' offered hora.wago which wns considerably more than alio had oxpootcd. "You oan start to-innrrow," lio- contiuuod. " But before you go. miglit-.I ask you a fsw questions as to yourself P"' Norab orimsoncd as ' slio -opetiod her littlo Bateliel. " I quito forgot, sir," she answered. "I havo a lottor lioro as to my elmraotcr from our clergy mini und also one from the firm that mother has worked for as to our respect ability." "1 did not- tiicitn thut," lio. replied,- with n wavo of tlie hand. - " I inn "satisfied with you without anything of thut sort. But' you remind mo forcibly of Bomcouo else. Where wore you bornf" The abruptness of tho question stnrtlod her. "I — I wua born at Minnrtstono in York- ahtre, sir." "Very extraordinary ! Very extra ordinary!" ho cxclnimed. "Havo you any one of tho mime of Bulmor in your family ?" "My mother's maiden numo wus Buhner," she'snid. " it's strungo," lio cried. "I thought thnt I knew every fntiiily in Smiirtstone, nnd yet I only know one Balmcr. Suinuol Bulu.or, the grocer." " Ho wus my grandfather, sir. I reoolleot him well. Ho died whon I was six years old, just before toy own father died." Mr. Horncustla jumped froin his chair and wulked tho room excitedly. "Is your mother's name Noroh, like yours P" ho asked. "Yes, lior name's Norali, sir." "Then I've beou wokodly imposed upon," ho cried. And, shouutig to the youth iu the office, ho told him to fetch a cub immediately. Then he unlocked u safe and took a small paokot of newspapers from a drawer. And in lees than liulf an hour a cub con taining Mr. Horneastlo ami tlio wondering Norah drove up to tho littlo house ut High bury, where she uud her mother lodged. "Norah!" "Jack I" And Mr. Hornciiatlo's newly-engaged lady olerk wits astounded to sen. her employer soizo her mother, who started sobbing hysterically, und clasp her to his breast. " I cannot have you for a clerk, Norah," suid Jack Horuuustlc, after lie tuid heard her mother's story. " You must bo my daughter instead." "But, Jack I" uriod Mrs. Purketer. "1 don't understand it. Your death wus adver tised iti t-lie paper." " So was yollrs, tny love," lie snid. "1 have the old copy of tlie Stnartstono Chronicle in my poukot. Look i" And Mrs. Purketer and young Nornh road thu advertisement of the former s deutli. "Yes, it's iu that paper," suid Mrs. Purketer. "But I can swear it wasn't the real Stmirtstone 0'ronwh, bisuiuse father took it every week, and — und it's nlisurd !" " Someone must' have falsified tlie papers both in Australia uud iu England," suid Jack. Somo villain " "Hush, Jack," she saill, gently. "It must liavo been Frank. He's dead.'' And so it proved. Jack met u ill. ill in I .on doll some time iiflerwurds who hud been at Witt-ry wiiyo, and who know a printer in thu newspaper office, it relative of Parkotur's. On his deathbed this printer hnd confessed to Jack's informant that be hud altered tho type, by arrangement with Purketer, lifter tlio regular copies ot the paper had been printed, and hud inserted a false notice of Junk's death in it. "It seemed to haunt him in his dying hour," said tho mau. "He told mo all ubout it, uud imule ine promise to try aud undo any tiiisuliief tliut might have been done. But it wus so long a'o tliut I thought it butter not to take any notice." " But how ubout tho Sinarlstoiio paper P" queried Jack. " Oil. of course, Purketer must imvo played tho same tr.ck there, too ! He bribed some body in tlio office to strike off ono false print. It would be easy enough if tlio papier wasn't t ereotyped." uu ufcu uuwe H v paper whioli J ft had been do- VK livercd by tho postman a few f minutes pre- viously. It VJ-. wus tho vSSSjl Wurrywayo ""VWhU (Australia) ' Mercury, and tucro wua one: paragraph which had boonmarkod in rod ink, - 'apparently to call Noruh'B nttoution to it. j DEATHS. HoRNCASTLE.— On Saturday, the 6tli Sop- tolnbor, at Wurrywayo, John Stuart Horn eastlo, aged 22 years, of dysentery, after an illness of only two days. Nornh stared nt tho pnpef with dry eyes, her lips drawn tightly together with an ex pression of inwnra agony on hor face. Then nnturo canto to hor relief, und aho sobbed piteously. " Dead I" slio oricd. " Oh, my poor, poor- Jaok ! Tho fight of tny lift) is blotted out:" And it scouted ns if sho spoko truly. Instoad of tho brisk, huppy Norah of old,1 she bccamo as if by tho touuh of a mugiciuu's , wand a pilodditig, careworn young woman, going about lier work in her futhor's liobse without heart, aiid simply as a muttor of duty , and routine. ; In ono short day sho appeared to havo aged ten yours. | Noruh's father wua a grocer, but his trade was not flourishing. Ho wus a Hliopkoopcr of tlio old school ; competition had arison whiuh ho could not cope with ; and thut, and uu unfortunate tendency on hia part to drown his cares in tho cup) that inebriutes, hud sent him uu tho downward path. By fur hia largest creditor wus Frunk Purketer, a young mini of means who liud succeeded to u good wholesale grocer's business ; und Frank liud Ifalleu hopelessly in lovo with Norah Buluter ; — hopelessly, bouuuso hor heart was ulreudy 'given to Juck Horneastlo. Frank, however,, i wua a piersistunt suitor, nnd had more than once intimated to old Suinuol Buhner that if 'he could induce liis daughter to accept him .he would wipu off nil liis debts aud piractically pension the old man off. I To do Mr. Buhner justice, ho bud not, .hitherto, pressed Norali oil thu subject. He respected her love for Jack, ami now thnt ijaek was dead, after allowing timo for tho i first passionate grief to subside, ho goutly put it to her whathor slit) could not bring liorsoif to tuurry Frank Purketer uml suve i hor old hither und herself from ruin. Norali did not care what happened to hor, ami she allowed herself to bo led like a lamb to tho slaughter. Frank Parkutor's and Norsk's tastes did i not prove to bu iu oomiimti. Fust, fond of a I town life, tuid a little given to hotting, lie : soon gut tired of liis hiiiidsoino. quiet wifo, . uud, seeking those pleasures thut wuro con- I gonial to.liim, lio left her ut homo to care fur I tho.ir: only child, a girl. Norah. | Mrs. Parkutur piussivuly submitted to liis i neglect ; und when, utter six years of wedded jlife, her husband died front the effects of I dissipiaiion, leaving bis affairs so involvod that I she was thrown on tho world almost pomiiloMs, she applied herself - with quiet i fortitudu to the tusk of earning liriiud for ' horself and lior daughter. As a mother she loved her little Norah devotedly, though her life, so to speak, wus buried with Juok Horn eastlo. I ' I Little Norah was "little" no longer. Although only six teen she was tall, with a sedate aud pensive expression which grave Iter ' an npipearutice of being older than alto really watt. i Mrs. Purketer had contrived to keop her ' (laughter and liorsoif by means of her ueodlu, but her sight, hud lately keen failing, and tlio doctor told lior tlmt sho must give hor eyes n complete rest or she would vory likely go blind. This seemed impossible, but young Norsk had set herself to lnuru shorthand and j typewriting, uml _wus now trying bard to ! obtain u situation, so us by hur earnings to I let her mother liavo tho rear, sho required. She answered advertisements mid cugerly 1 watched the postman on his rounds, but I disappointment had hitherto been lior lot. j At hist, however, one morning, there was the unusual but welcome "rnt-tnt." i " Mother, mother 1 " sho cried, "I'vogotu letter. . I am to go uud seo tlio gimtlomun this morning. It's at tlie 'Australian Wool Agcnuy ' in Moorgato street." " I pray God you may be successful, my darling." " Oh, 1 am sure I shall get the ptuoo," cried ! Norali hopefully." I have u presentiment thut j I shall." I " All, child, presentiments, whon they are of goud fortune, are mostly thoughts born of wishes," replied her mother. "But let ine look at the letter." ; Norali handed her a typewritten note. "Mr. Horiieiistlo will bo glad if Minn l'arkoter will call upon him to-inorrow morning ut eleven o'clock." MiirocaKtlo ! " murmured Mrs. Purkoter. " How different it would all havo beon if poor Jack hud not died." " Whut did you suy, mother?" asked Noruh. " Nothing, my darling. ' I wns only think ing. Tho name of Horneastlo reminded mo of someone whom 1 knew years ugo. If tlie name gi.es for anything in the way uf good' luck," site added, witli a ghost of a smile, " y on ' ought to bo successful . Norali. nnxious not to bo lato, arrived in Moorgnte street, full ton minutes too soon. Tlie youth who wus in tlie office know her errand, and the idea of this full, ludylik- girl being his fellow-clerk whs ourious to liiin. Ho received her witli u strungo mixture of shy respect and familiarity. "Mr. Horuoustlo hasn't come yet, miss," lie said. " It's not a market day, you know, and lto's never here before olevou on ' off- days'" ' "Oil, thank you," sho answered timidly. "I will wait." j:-, "Hero's a ohair, miss," said the olerk, as "v ho shifted one towards her. "Tho guvnor's sure to ho here at eleven. He's awfully , punctual." v;': The ten minutes seemed an ago to Norah, V.V: but preoisely as the clock in tho Bank of :':t- England clanged out the hour the office door was thrown opun, and a flue, broad- shouldored, athletic- looking man of about forty years of ago. or perhaps a little more, walked in. He glunccd lit tho girl who was sitting in tlio ruiled-in spuco that did duty for a waiting-room, uud, us he did so, his face unled visibly nnd ho stared at hor so fixedly 'T.,ut she felt quite confused. " " Ail I You've called in answer to my note, liu veil' t you?" he said, as he notioed hor rising colour. " I will seo you almost immediately — us soon ns I have opened my letters. " Tho letters wero few and unimportant that morning, tuid what thoro were wuro quickly thrown iiMide. But Mr. Horneastlo sat with \- his chin oti his hand in ilcop thought. " Strange ! " ho nmttored. "I selected lier letter out of hundreds because of the iiuine of Nornh, and sho's tho vory imago of my poor sweetheart." Thon lie remembered that the "imago" was waiting, and lie oallod for her to be shown in. "Tiiknaseat, Miss I'arkotor," ho said, as lie artfully placed a uliuir where Die light . -uld fall full upun lior- " You can use the . "Writer?" ; (wus nervous und trembling. r ' jive learnt it, sir," she replied. "Bat , --it had a situation vet." _ jf \ !( 