Man and His Kingdom* I« .; - FROM THE- ROYAL LIFE." ! .' : :"Y ; (A Sermon by the Rev. J. C. Carlile, _Minister. of , . Folkestone'.';^Baptist° Church;)'..... "They that reçoive the abundance of grace and of the gift of . righteousness reign in life through tho one, ."''' even Jesus Christ."-Romans v., 17. Christ came to restore the kingdom in man. The first Adam was subject tb God, and subjected .his nature to himself. Rebellion against the Creator left him subjugated to sin. The nature which he had ruled in obedience to the Divine asserted a cewly acquired strength and domina ted its possessor. " Man is more than life, as the whole is greater than its parts. Under the law sin reigned unto death, under the Gospel grace reigns unto life. That which was lost Jesus re stores and glorifies. The crown that was lost through transgression is by the pierced hand, re placed-upon, the brow, of the saved sinner. Tho -life of. fellowship with God ' ;is again ours. "--,"' THE NEW LIFE IS A ROYAL, LIFE. We are saved tb reign. The kingdom of God is within us; each part of our nature-is a-province of it, and is to be brought into order and sub jection to the^laws received from Him to whom we owe allegiance. We are crowned at the cross. Then beßins the serious work of ruling in the monarchy of our lives. Tauler of Strasburg met a Christian beggar. "God give you a happy life, friend." he said as he passed. "I thank .;'?' - God;" "Bald, the 'hagar, . "I^ ani '¿eyer unhappy." '-: f "^Kh'st do #6u-mean,?'' said Tàdïer''in astonish ; .ment;;/ . "I -mean,'' replied the beggar, "that when it is fine I thank God, when it rains I thank God, when "I. have- plenty I-thank God. when. I am hungry I thank God tod, ànd since God's will is my will, whatever pleases Him pleases me." "Who are you, then?" asked Tauler. "I am a king," said the man in rags. "A king! Where is your kingdom?". "In my own heart," an swered the beggar with a- laugh. The poor man'a theology-" was as sound as his philosophy... He had learned ¿ ONE-OF THE DEEPEST SECRETS OF LIFE. To be ruled by.your nature is to live the life of au animal; to rule your nature is to live the life of a saint. Tn man's kingdom there are three provinces-spirit, soul, and body. In each of these- the Banotiñed will is to hold the sceptre. Thoughts, emotions, and desires are to become responsive in willing obedience; the strife of doubts, passions, lusts is lo be overcome, until the kingdom is at peace with God. What a wonderful empire it is over which each is called to reign! Spirit, soul, and body are +.0 be a "united kingdom," under one crown, obey ing one government. Look atithe provinces of your empire. Spirit. What .'wonders aro there in that realm! When did it begin to be? Who can measure its future? ;The material empires marked upon the map have no .antiquity stretch ing" back into ono ageless time such as spirit has. Their, greatness, their ruin vanishes with the touch of the unseen, hand; they,, may fling * de fiance at the heavens, but they crumble'^ágain into their native dust. - THE EMPIRE OF THE SPIRIT-LIVES ON : AND ON through the countless ages. In it no work begun shall ever pause for death. It is fresh with the breath of God. It is the immortal empire, man's greatest glory. -,r -. Soul. -How misused the word is. It "should stand'; for that .patt pf our being. which is" /con-' *. 'scious "of:.\p'aii£':.and^^plèas'urè; the,:animalVmind,v in which it "is possible, to live apart from the/spirit influence. -This province is subject to ^muc'h conflict, for it is the middle kingdom of-our na .? ture. \ ' ' Body.- The material and outer realm, the tabernacle of God^or the playground of the devil, what wondrous architectural beauty is possesses! No temples can show' such delicate tracery, such perfect loveliness; no pictures," not even, the dreams of the masters in their best robes of color, are for a moment worthy to be compared with the plainest face. Art, at its best, is a scratch and a daub, with no existence apart from man. . Over spirit, sou!,"" and body man is on the : throne; they are his splendor or his sham. ^ THE SAINT IS TO REIGN OVER HIS THOUGHTS. They are not to be ever engaged \in insurrection, as rebels assailing "tho authority of the crown. How. often , when we bow in the solemn act of prayer do the thoughts play truant. Is it . an uncommon experience to oper. the ''Bóok/óf tho laws of heaven for the life on -arth, only to discover that while. .the eye rests upon the page the thoughts are far away? How often'do the thoughts become tempters, and array themselves, in argument against the will. . The conflict within the mind is very real and terrible; in this battle no shots are fired, no sword-thrusts are made, but wounds are received that remain as scars upon the character thr.ough the .whole of .life. No man is master of himself until he has the power of ordering his thoughts. ./Upon thc rebellious there must be put the curb of the will ; to thé Sluggard-there must bé"'applied ^he spur 6Ï determination, until thorô la harmony. Unclean ; thoughts m\iat bo banished from tho realm-they, . are tho servants of evil. Art ov literature that f feeds thom" ls to bo avoided.as poison to tho soul; " tho very memory of impurity is to be expelled with all the resistance of a consecrated will. A. *' niau is as good or as had as his thoughts, for it j , is; written, "As a man thlnkcth in his heart, so s is he," . " . " " ' » : ALL EVIL HAS ITS ORIGIN IN THE REALM í OP THOUGHT. ... . Upon tho conquest pf this province of our king dom every thing depends. To reign here* will demand persistent effort and constant spiritual power to regulato thoughts, so that they, by force of habit, are pure and good. \- ? Fill the mind with troops of strong, sweet thoughts, which shall crowd out the bad. Take" ; j care of your reading, lest you open tho gates to | the foe that; overwhelms you; An unclean book is one of the devil's weapons-do not trifle with » it. We are not compelled to go to the gutter for' genius. The world of letters and art is rich in \ the treasures of noble ideals and ennob : ling thoughts. /'Whatsoever things are' true; j whatsoever things are honorable, whatsoever ! things are just, whatsoever things,-are pure, i whatsoever things áre'lovely, whatsoever things are of good report; if there be any virtue, if there be. any praise, think on these things." . THE SAINT IS TO REIGN OVER HIS TEM PERAMENT. " The body is to.be the subject, of the King-^ dead to sin and "alivo to righteousness; Man is ' not responsible for the,possession of his tempera ment lt is an inheritance he has received.- hand-, ed on to him throughcountless generations of good and evil lives; In it are the passions of :the brute, directed by the touch of bias whioh his hand did not glye. In it. are tastes ho has not acquired and does not understand. In it arc the cravings of. appetite he did not create. Latent forces are born' in him, which in after years may amaze him by their intensity and baseness. Man is responsible for the government of his physical nature. Christ is Saviour of the body also. All the subtle powers in the blood and the nerves are to he controlled by the higher power of sanctified will. , ' - The struggle may. be hard and fierce, hut vic tory is assured. Yield your members servants unto righteousness. " . 1 If in our nature we have the terrible inherit ance of the beast, we have also the grace of Je sus'. The soul may awake to the sudden con- v" sciousness ot an-irresistible craving inítíe body that cries again'st reason and in defiance of God, "Give, give." THE FORCE OF HEREDITARY EVIL jnust be recognised by Christian teachers. Men do not begin life, as the old theologians used to say, with their characters like a clean .white sheet of paper, upon which they can write as' they will; they rather begin with their char acters like the faint-written copy-books, which' have only to be inked over. But for the power of God each man is, .with minor modifications, just what his ancestors have made him. ."The. fathers have eaten sour grapes, and the. child ren's teeth are set oh edge.'' That'^tastörjfor drinkvthaj; ;damns the child at its birth,.,the- fire lust that burns out the body, .itself, that mor bid imagination that feeds upon uncleanness un til the, light oí love has been turned into dark-v "ness, vthätr irritability that is ever twitching the" nerves into vibrations of anger, all that is in cluded in our temperament ; pf the legacy of the past, shall.be met by the grace of Christ. Do not give up in despair when you are com pelled in heart to say, "I see another -law in my members,'warring against'the law of my mind;'' do not accept your nature as sentence of fate, from which there is no escape. It you obey Christ . : THE LAW OF HEREDITY . . } . . shall not be ever bringing you into captivity. - It shall be met by another and a greater force. I have no need to sigh- . -. > ,-' Ah, for a man to arise in mc, That thelman I am...may cease to be. : The awful fac'ts are not" changed by attempting to'ignore them. We know only too'well that i v This mortal house, ; ! "Wliiqh we are horn into, is haunted- by . Tho ghosts of the dead-passions pf dead.-men:, ! And these take flesh again w-th our own "flesh," ' And bring us to confusion.- 1" í í-,. r unless we yield to Jesus. If we do that we'shall I gain the kingdom through the operation bf tho ! stronger power-in us, the new element that I makes man master of his.fate. "For what the law could not do, in that it was weale through the.' flesh, God sending His own So» in the like ness of-sinful flesh,, and for sin,-condemned sin in the .flesh: that the righteousness of the law might be fulfilled in us." - We are not doomed to the slavery of the evil past; in believing man begins anew a tendency towards God.. ' The lost freedom is regained. It may be thc-personal experience of each that the law of the spirit pf life in Christ Jesus hath made me free-from. the law of sin and death. Take your kingdom and reign in life.- - ' THE.SAINT IS TO-REIGN OVER TEMPTATION.. , .The solicitations;roí;'vthe, tempter. may /not. be, ended until thlsfliie^ls "passed:; Fbi6 'these v/e ' ~ * ; are'-. hot- responsible^they como from sources beyond our control;'but no power do they, possess to make us yield, except, that which we give them. Each jman may knoy/. his. point; of least :,. -.. resistance; to that he must ever turn a watchful eye There the tempter will attack; but where sin abounds* grace shall much more abound. The foe may stand at the gate, but he shall not en ter the citadel of man's soulr All that enters into our little kingdom shall he. brought under the sceptre of the King. The circumstances may beat upon us with the force and constancy of. the waves of the sea but to them, shall be spoken the' word, '¿Thus far shalt thou come, and no further." He! who controls the waves controls circumstances also. , .. . Does this life seem hopelessly impossible? Ia it simply the beautiful image created by the re ligious imagination? Can we ever attain to ita heights? We are familiar with the terrors, tur moils, and countless contradictions of experience. If we escape for a moment from the angry con flict, it is but to return, saddened and weary, to the struggle of heart, and brain. What power have we to adjust the turbulent, tortuous forces that make up our wondrous personality? The very beauty of this life triumphant may, depress us ; it is a contrast to the' usual experience, even of those who are known by the Christian name. IN HUMAN STRENGTH IT CANNOT BE .- REACHED. .' The .superhuman nature bf the Christian life ia a^fprgotteu"facts, .-it is not aa attainment^ but an.. obtainment; not a merit pf ours, but a gift from God. Concerning this also Jesus can say. "With out Me ye can do nothing." The New Testament v beyond question presents this life as possible to \- nil believers. Would it not bc wiser to ask what _ are its conditions before we decide that it is im possible? If God has willed it. we may possess it. He calls us to no imaginative perfection. If He undertakes to give the victory, what need is there to dread defeat? Surely nothing is beyond His power to accomplish in us. If He become tenant of . the body, if He in the Holy Spirit dwell in UD, can He not subdue our iniquities, and so will through our wills, that the difficult shall become easy, and the heights unat tainable to unaided men be roached and kept in His abundant grace? Is it not declared of'man that ho was crowned with gloi*y and honor, that all things are put in subjection under him? True, we see not yet all things put under him, but we see in Jesus the prophecy of what we may be. THEY ARB NOT KIITGS BY NATURE, they were not born so. They receive the king dom- as a gift. "Fear not, little flock, it is the Father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom," is the encouragement to the timid. Tho gift shall be ours as soon as we will. Jesus has delegated His victory to us; we are made kings and priests unto Ged. Into this state of partnership we are called; for it we were chosen ? ?- in tho Divine purpose. -Let us claim it, aud reign in life through Christ Jesu3. The power is ail-sufflcient, tho abundance of grace is provided that shall meet every , need. Do \--" ?- not be content with asking fo.' it. It is given in Christ, receive it reverently and definitely as His will for you. Do not attempt anything apart from Him, but in His grace act as king over yourself. _ 