' BREAKING IN A BOOK AGENT. ' I am afraid that I once spoiled a good book agent, said the head member of a book agency. ' We had. got ont an expen sive religious book and had advertised for agents to handle it. Among the numerous applicants was a tau, lanky youth. I asked him if he thought he could sell books, and he said that he reckoned he could.' ?CVery well,' said I, ' HI see what you can do. Take this book and consider that I am your intended victim. The price of the book runs from 2dols. to 4dols, but you must always eadearaur to sell the highest-priced edition, although it is no dis grace if you only succeed in spiling the cheaper kind. If you succeed in selling me a book I will hire you. Now, go ahead.' ' He took the book, fumbled it very awkwardly, and then stammered : 'Yer dont wanter buy a book, do yer mister I' I smilingly answered that I did not. .'Better buy one,' said he; Til sell itter yer pretty cheap.' 'Get out of here !' I yelled, pretending to be mad. * Don't you see that sign, ' Book Aeents not Wanted V 'IH let yer have one for 4dol&, mister, seein* its ye,' said be, taking oS his coat and throwing' it on toe floor. ' rm afraid—' I began. ' Four dollars, mister, an' cheap at the price,' he added, as he rolled, op his shirt sleeves. f oidnt like the looks of all these warlike proceedings, and declared the test off. But he refused and gave me three mfniib* to 'dig up' the price of the book. While I was trying to make the fellow understand that the joke had gone far enough he jumped at me. I didnt stand the ghost of a. shadow with the husky youth, and I soon found myself m the floor, with the would be book agent sitting upon me, eaying something about a book he would sell me powerfully cheap.' To save my life I reinctautly consented to take one of the 2d6L kind. He said he was sorry, but he only sold the 4doL kind. He allowed me to get one hand loose, and I produced 4dols, whereupon, he re leased me, aqd wanted io know how coon he could get' to work. I kept my word and faired him, sent him as far west as I could, and then discharged him by wire. 