Dliye Schriener and the j Boers. j HOW SHE CONTRADICTS HER. SELF. ? / ' Banjo' Pattekson interviewed Olive Schriner at her home in Cape Colony,' and was given much infor mation ftbout the Boers. It is, of qoursp, the privilege of a lady to con tradict herself us often as she pletbes, but she should not contradict herself too glaringly. The author of the ' African Farm' said to Mr, Patter son : — ' For years this .war has been worked up — all sorts of stories have been printed of the* Boers and .their, icnorance, and their savagery. They ire all lies. I was a governess amongst the Boers fi-r vears, and no kinder people exist. ' They are clever too.' Young Boers go to England and succeed at tho Universitcs ; they be come- doctors, and lawyers, and poli ticians.' I, says a wrifci-r, have, now, before me a copy of the Fortnightly Review, of April, 189G. It contains an article by Olive Schreiner, entitled, 'Stray Thoughts on South Africa.' In this article the following statements occur: — 'Ho (the Boer) possesses a credulity which would excite ridicule in a London or Paris gamin ; he holds fanatically that the earth does not move, and repeats the story of Gidc-on to support his view ; he tv.gnrfs scab, itch, und various skin diseases ns pre ordained ordinances of the Almighty, which oualit not to be interfered with by human remedies j he looks upon the insurance of public buildings as a direct insult to Jehovah, who, if he sends a fire to punish people, should not be defeated by au insarance of the building ; his faith in ghosts and witches is unshakable ; but till lately he held railways to be a dirt-ct contra ventiou of the Almighty's will, who would hove made them Himself if he wanted them.' The foregoing seems to bo a pretty fair stock of ignoiance for these days. But that is not all. The writer continues: — 'Tho Boer remains a Boer still, while the Taal remains his only speech. That tho Boer himself accepts this definition, though without analysis,' is clear ; he will say of 'a man who has learned and uses habitually a literary speech, ' his father wns a Boer, and his brothers are still Bosrs,' implying1 that, he has gone from amongst- them, and is no more ; and' to call a learned judge or brilliant barrister, whatever his descent, a Boer would be from the colonial standpoint, not merely absurd, but insulting.' The words words ot Olive Schreiner in 1900 are strangely unlike the words of Olive Schreiner in 189G. If both are true., then in the space of four short years the Boer must have turned the quickest and most complete intellectual somersault known in history. If not — the reader must come to his own conclusion. Another writer says : — ' Some idea of the abyssmal ignorance of even the higher grade Boers can be formed from the report of a discussion in the Boer Parliament on the question whether it was proper to exterminate, the myriads of locusts that were then ravaging the land. One Senator named Roost held that locusts were ' a plague, as in the days of Pharcah, sent by God, and the country wculd be loaded with shame and sorrow if it. tried to raise its feeble hand against the all-powerful arm of the Almighty.' Two others, Declerq, and Steenkamp, spoke in a similar' strain, quoting largely from Scripture, after which the President told a hair raising story about a man whose farm ? was always spared by the locusts, until one day lie crushed a couple beneath his boots, which were of the usual death- tOrall-creeping insects buiid, and the, locusts made war on his farm until there was nothing left thereon, except the mortgage. Senator Sloop then rose en.'ct iu his place, and implored his brotliLr members ' not to constitute tliemselvss terrestial pods, and oppose the Almighty's will.' A Mr. Lucas Meyer endeavoured to show that locusts were rothinc more or less than wild beasts, which. should be destroyed, but he was speedily howled down, and a motion carried that ' the.- locubts were a special plague sent upon the land for the sinful ness of the people.' Later on, the well-fattened locusts travelled over to Zululand, where the darkies, knowing nothing of the Scrip tures, ate them in thousands, raw, baked, stewed, and boiled, thereby turning what the Boers set down as a punitive plague into a most substantial gastronomic blessing. The jury in the case of Alfred Ware, chaiged. with .alleged arson in Sydney some weeks back, when a boarding house premises were found afire, under very suspicious circum stances, prisoner being on the premises at' the time, returned into court on Saturday morning, after being locked up all night, with an announcement that they were unable to agree. Ac-, cusfid was . remanded to his former custody, bail being refused. Without touching upon that touchy thing thetcriff,- Mr. 'Works' O'Su! livan has' hit .upon a plan for oncour aging colonial industry, employing our own peoplo -and keeping tho precious money in tho country. He has issued instructions that in certain lines, the colonial product must be used iu Government' works — always, of course, where quality and price aio riot inconsistent with common sensb and economy. Another important direction by ? Mr. O'Sullivan is that men working- in- the, country ns laborors on roads, &o; , will in all casvs receive the full 7s per day, whilo skilled .'workmen*-.' .will recoivo the Trades Union rate. Mr. O'Sullivnn is a fightin' for the worker-, aud quite right too. 