Tales of the Weird and the Wonderful. . nwaaiD'ti Btiaa iKUfiiniain. By RICHARD MARSH, Author of '-'VTh, Bwtto: q Myatery," "In ffull Orv," "Frivolities," "The-Orlme and the . Criminal," ; Marvels and Myateriea," &c.;, Sco. r OOTTBIOnT.J THE HOUSEBOAT; coscflbrb in eoue instalments. CHAPTER IIL HE moved away from me. She squeezed herself against the side of the cabin. She withdrew her limbs from be tween tho sheets. As for me, the person who had stepped upon tho , bed had actually stopped upou me, ana that without seeming? at all conscious of my presence. Some one sat down plump upon the sheet beside mo. That wasenoueh. / I took advantage. ' of my Iving on tho edge of the bed to slip out upon tho floor. I might possess an unsuspected capacity for undergoing strange experiences, hut I drew tlie line at sleeping with o ghost. Tho moonlight streamed across the room. As I stood, in something very like a stats of natnro, on the fluor, I could clearly see Violet cowering on tho further side of tho bed. I eould distinguish all her features. But when I looked upon tho bed itself — there was nothing there. The moon's rays fell upon the' pillow. Thoy revealed its snowy white ness. Thore seemed nothing else it could reveal. It was untenanted. And yet, it ono looked closely at it, it seemed to be indented, i'nst as it might have been indented laid a mman head been lying there. Bnt about one thing there could be no mistnke whatever — my cars did not play me false ; I heard it too distinctly — the sound made by a person who settles himself betweon the sheets, and then tho measured respiration of ono who composes himself to slumber. I remained there, silent. On her hands and knees Violet orept towards the foot of the bed. When she had gained the floor she stole on tiptoe to my side. " I did not daro to step across her." I felt her, as . she nestled to me, give mo a little shiver. " I could not do it. Can you see her?" ' . "What a fool I. ami" As Violet asked her question there oame this observation from the person in the bod— whom, by the way, I could not see. There was a long drawn sigli. "What fools all we women are! What fools 1 " There was a sincerity of bitterness about the tone, which, coming as it. did from an un seen speaker— ono so neur and yet so far— had on one a moat uncomfortable effect. Violet pressed oloser to my side. Tho woman in tho bed turned over. Overhead there still oou- tinued the measured tramp, tramping of tho man. We wore conscious, in some subtle way, that the woman lay listening to the footsteps. They bpoke more audibly to her ears even than to ours. "Ollie! Ollie 1" ehe repeated the name softly to herself, with a degree of tenderness whieh was in startiiug coutrasb to her pre vious bitterncs'. " I wish you would come to bed." She was ailent. - Thore was only the sonnd other gentle breathing. Her bitter mood had been but transient. She was failing asleep with words 'of tenderness upon her lips. Above, the footstops ceased.. All was still. There was not even the raormur of tho waters. The wifo and I, side by side, stood looking down upon what seamed an empty bed. " She is asleep," said Violeh It seemed to me she was ; although I conld not see hor, it seemed to me sho was. I conld hoar her breathing as softly as a child. Violet .continued whispcriug: ' " How strange ! Eric, what oan it mean ?" I muttered a foply — " A problem for the Psyohioal Research Sooioty." " It seems just like a dream." "I wish it were a droam." "Ssh! There is someone coming down tho stairs." There was— at least, if wo eould trust our ears, thero was. Apparently the man above had had enough of solitude. Wo heard liim move across the roof, then pause just by the steps, then descend them one by one. It seemed to us that in this step thero was something stealthy, that lie was endeavouring not to arouso attention, to make as little noiso as possible. Half way down he paused ; at the foot ho pausod again. "He's listening outside tho door." It almost scorned that ho was. We stood and listened too. " Lot's got away from the hod." My wifo drew mo with lior. At tho op posite end of tho cabin was a sort ' of Iittlo alcove, which was screened by a curtain, and behind which were hung one or two of our garments which wo wero not uctually using. Violet drew ino within tho shadow of this aloovo. I soy draw me, because, offering no resistance, I allowed myself to ho completely passive in hor bapds. The alcove was not largo ouough to hold us. Still tho curtain was a partial soroen. The silenco endured for some moments. Then wo heard without a hand softly turn ing tlio handle of tho door. While I was wondoring whether, after all, I was not tho victim of an attack of indigestion, or whether I was about to witness an attempt ut effeoting a burglarious entry into a house- bout, a strange thing happened, tho strangest thing that had happened yet. . Ah I huve already mentioned, tho moon's ray flooded the uabiu. This was owing to the fact that a long narrow casement, which ran round tho walls noar tho roof of tho cabin, had been left opeu for the sake of admit ting air and ventilation. But, save, for tho moonbeams, the cabin was unlighted. When, however, we heard the handle being softly turned, a singular ohange occurred. It was like tho transformation scene in u theatre. Tho whole pluco, all at once, was brilliantly illuminated. Tho moonbeams disappeared. Instead, a largo swiuging lamp was hangiug from tho centre of the cabin. So strong was the light which it shed around that our eyes wero dazzled. It wua notour lamp ; wo used small hand-lamps whioh stood upon the table. By its glaro wo saw that tho whole cabin wos ohanged. For an instant .wo failed to clearly realise iu what tho change consisted. Then we understood it was u question of decoration. The contents of tho cabin, for. tho most part, wero the same, though thoy looked newer, and the positions of the various articles wore altered. But the panels of the oabin of the Water Lilv wero painted blue and white. Tlie panels of this cabin were coloured chocolate and cold. "Eric, it's the Sylph!" The suggestion1 convoyed by my wife's whispered words, evon as sho spoke, ooourred tome. I understood whore, for Inglia' had lain tho diffioulty of recognition. The two oabins wero the same, und yet wore not. It was just as though someone had endeavoured, - 1 without spending much oash, tp render one' as much as possible unlike the other. Ju this oabin thero were many things which wore not ours. In faot, so far as I could sec, there was nothing whioh was ours. . Strongo - articles of costumo were scattered about. The table was covered with a curious litter, aud on the ingenious article of furaituro which , did duty as a bed— and whioh stood where our bed stood, and which, indoed, seemed to be our bed — there was something sleeping. As my startled eyes travelled round this amazing transformation soene, at last th'oy reached the door.- Thore they stayed. Meobanioally I shrank hark nearer to tho- woll. I felt my wife tighten hor grasp upon " my hand. The door was open some few inches. Through the aperture thus formed there peered a man. He seemed to be listening. It was so still that ono could hear tho gentlo breathing of tho woman sleeping in tho bed. Apparently satisfied, he opened the door suffi ciently wide to admit of his entering- tho cabin. My impression was that he could not fail to perceive us. Yet to ail appearances ho remained entirely unconsoious of our neigh bourhood. Ho was- a man certainly under five feet six in height. Ho was slight; in build, vory dark, with face clean shaven. His face was long and narrow. In dross- and hearing ho seemed a gentleman, yet there was that about him which immediately reminded me of whnt Inglia had said of tho man Rush, "he looked ua though ho had something to do with horses." Ho stood for some seconds in an attitude of listening, so close to mo that I had only to stretch out my hnnd to take him by the throat. I did not do it. I don't know what restrained me. I think, more than anything, it was tho feeling that these things which wore passing before mo must bo passing iii a dream. His face was turned away from mo- He looked intently towards tho slooping woman. After he had had cnongh of listening ho movod towards tho bed. His stop was soft and cat-like. It was absolutely noiseless. Glancing down, I perceived that he was with out hoots or shoes. Ho was in his stockinged feet. I had distinotly heard the tramp, tramping of a pair of shoes upon the oabin roof. I had heard them descend tbo steps. Possibly ho had paused outside tho door to tako them off. When he reached lho bed ho stood looking down upon the sleeper. Ho stooped over her, as if the bettor to catoh her breathing. Ho whispered softly, "Gertyl" . Ho paused for a moment, as if for an answer. None camo. Standing up, ho put bis hand, as it seemed to me, into tho bosom of his flannel shirt. He took out a leather sheath. From the sheath he drew a kuifo. It was a long, slender, glittering hlado. Quito twelve inches in length, at no_part was it broader than my little finger. " With tho empty sheath in his left hand, the knife bo- hind his back in the right, he again loaned ovor tho sleeper. Again he softly whispered, " Gerty 1" Again there was no answer. Again ho stood upright, turning his hack towards tho bed, so that ho looked towards us. His faco was not an ugly one, though the expression , was somewhat saturnine. On it at the instant thore was a peculiar look — such a look as I could fancy upon tho faco of a jockey who, toward the close of a great ruoo, settles him- self. in the saddle with tho determination to "finish " well. Tho .-naked hlado ho placed . upon the. table, the empty sheutli .beside it. Then he moved towards us. My first thought was that now, ut lost, wo were discovered. But something in tho expression of his fea tures told mo that this wub not so. He approached ns with an indiiferenuo whioh waa amazing.- Ho passod .so closo to us that we were conscious of the slight disturbance of tho air caused by liis passage. Thero was a Gladstone bag on a chair within two feet of us. Picking it up ho bore it to tho table. Opening it out, he com-, menced to paok it. . All manner of things he placed within it, bothijpiasoulino and feminine belongings, oven the garments whioh tile sloopor had taken off, and whioh lay scattered on the ohnir and 0:1 the floor, oven her shoes and stookings! When the hag was filled ho took a long brown ulster which was thrown over the hack of a chair. Ho shifted tho pookets with odds and ends. When he had completed hie operations tho oabin was stripped of everything except tho actual furniture. He satisfied himself that this was so by overhauling evory nook and oorner, in tlie process passing and repassing Violotnnd me with a perfect nnoonoern- which was more and moromnuzing. Being apparently at last clear in his mind upon that point, ho put 011 the ulster and dark cloth cap, and began to fasten the Gladstone bag. to be concluded. 