THE THEATRES. "Whereabouts. THE Faust Sisters, who recently appeared at the Prin cess Theatre in the production of TAttic Bed Bidiny Hood, .are with the Plying Jordans at Bendigo. Albert Whelan, from the Belle of Neiv York company which appeared in Melbourne, is at Cremorne Gardens, Perth, with .Jones and Lawrence's Company. Miss Kate Bishop is appear in" in The Adventure of Lady Ursula on tour in the English provinces. Nat. Goodwin and Max in e EJliott are° appearing in When We Were Twenty-erne at the Knickerbocker Theatre, New York. The Solbinis, trick cyclists, are at the Bedford Palace of Varieties, 'London. Foreman and I7 an nan are at the NeAv South London Palace of "Varieties. Paul Pelham is at the Bedford Palace of Varieties. Athas and Collins are appearing at the Bedford Palace of Varieties. Tom Costelio appears at three halls nightly on his arrival in London. Miss Beatrice Lamb, who was Mr. Charles Cartright's leading lady in Melbourne, is appearing with Mr. Harry Paulton in Niohe at the Boyal Duchess Theatre, Ballmm, Eng land. Mr. G-. H. Snazelle is on tour with a comic opera The Prince of Borneo in the English provinces. Miss Ada Willougliby is singing a new war song "Ministering Angels" at the London halls; Peggy Pryde is appearing at "three London music halls. Wilson Barrett is at Cardiff, Wales. The Pollard Opera. Company are at Napier, New Zealand, Miss Jennie Opie is still with the company. Ada Colley is appearing with great success at Leipsig. The Sisters Govell are at the Canterbury, London, ."My Fancy" is at the Hammersmith Palace of Varieties. Michael Nolan is appearing at Gatti's Palace of Varieties. Alice Lenmar is at the Cambridge. Carl Hertz is at the Royal Standard, London. The Durhams are at the Grand, Chapham Junction. Lizzie Kirk and Frank Leon are at the Granville, Walham Green. The Perman Trio are very successful at the Camberwell Palace of Varieties. The Hulines and La Belle Hose are at the London Paragon. The Delevines and Sisters "Winterton are at Collins's music hall. R. G. Knowles, the Poluskis, and the Kellino Pamily are at the Tiyoli and the Pavilion, London. Ballarat. The Ladder of Life has been drawing very large randiences to Her Majesty's Theatre. The piece is splen didly staged, and its many sensational incidents are admirably depioted by the company. It will be pro duced at the Theatre lloyal, Melbourne, on April 28. Bendigo. The Plying Jordans, in conjunction with Dan Barry, opened for a season of six nights at the Princess Theatre on Monday night. Among those who appeared were Charles Faning, Georgie Devoe, the Tylers, Olaf Shiaeder, Tom Dawson, Fanny Tempest, Lillie Lynton, the Faust Sisters, and the Plying Jordans. I-Iyland's Cirous drew a very large audience on Satur day night, the performances of some very clever ponies meeting with great appreciation. Sydney. Bobberj/ Under Arms was produced by Mr. Alfred Dampier at tho Criterion Theatre on Saturday night last. Tho performance was received with great enthu siasm by a crowded house. The now Tivoli Theatre was opened last Thursday night by Mr. Harry Biokards' oornpany, when the Paul Martinefcti troupe of pantomimists made their first appearance in Australia. Their sketch A Terrible Night served admirably to demonstrate their abilities, and they were the recipients of hearty applauso. Mr. Harry Biokards sang "The Pale Moonlight" and " A Woman's riioto by,n?alma.] . Miss AGNES KNIGHTS, In$]l'?i((i H ijyencd to Joncn, at tho lMvicesst Theatre. Photo by Tnlmn.J Mr. FEED. SINCLAIR, In his sketch of Napoleon in which ho made n gveat success in the T3riglish provinces. Way," and Mr. Tom Browne was as usual very success ful with his whistling. Among the other artists who appeared, were Mr. Ludwig Arnann (now in Melbourne), the Mintons, Miss Franeie Adlor, Miss Nova Carr-Glynn, Miss Florrie .Banger, Mr. Wallaco King, Mr. Davo Oaston, Mr. Alf Lawton and Miss Noni Bickards. At Her Majesty's Theatre on Saturday night. Miss Nance O'Neil made her re- appearance, when Camilla was produoed, with the following cast:-Armand Duval, Mr. Thomas Kingston; Saint G.audens, Mr. George Becks ; Mons. Duval, Mr. Barton Hill ; Gaston Bieux, Mr. William Bernard; Count de Yarville, Mr. II. Plimmer; Count de Giray, Mr. Mclvee Bankin ; Gus tave, Mr. Charles Canfield ;!)the Doolov, Mr. J. B. Abhol wood ; Charles, Mr. I-I. Overton; Olympo, Miss. Emily Hughes; Nichette, Miss .Toe Thynne; Madame Pru dence, Mrs. Henry Bracy; Nanine, Miss. Bicca Allen ; Anais, Miss Edith Berry; and Gamille Gautier, Miss Nance O'Neil. The Broughs revived The Adventure ? of Lady Urania at the Theatre Boyal last Saturday night and Monday night, on Tuesday and Wednesday The Gay Lord Qucto, and to-morrow night and Friday night, The Brixton Burglary and In Honour Bound will bo staged. MoAdoo's Geoi'gla Minstrels opened at the Palaoe Theatre on Saturday night. The artists were the same as those of the company when it^apirorared Jn Mel bourne. (k- ? i . Mr. Ohavles Holloway's company abrygod'Theitrishnian on Saturday night at the Lyceum Theatre?.,. .. \ ., \ * Adelaide. \ \ Little lied Riding Hood was prdtHicjed-.to a 'c/tfCAVded. house at the Theatre Boyal on Satumay night. Tlior'o? being at present no opposition shows raAdfelnjkla^'fho . piece should have a very successful run. On Good Friday night, The Passion Play was given at the Theatre Boyal, with Miss Hilda Temple as lectui'ess. Broken Hill. Mr. GeorgQ.parrell opened with The Sunny South to a very .large audienoe last Saturday night. The produc tion was a great sucoess. Brisbane* Blancl Holt opened with Sporting Life to a very large house on Easter Saturday. The performance was a great suocess, and on the fall of tlieoiirtain the com pany was recalled and enthusiastically applauded. Mr, Christie Simonsens, Mr. Holt's, manager, writes that after the Brisbane season they open, in Sydney. " Victor, tho world's greatest illusionist and ventrilo quist," is the ambitious title of a conjuror who com monced a season of seven nights at the Opera House on Easter Saturday. Tho performer's merits to the title are evidently thoroughly believed an by himself. At any rate, tho audience did not concur with his opinions of himself. Mr. Alfred Israel, whose attempts at manage ment. of charity bazaars in Melbourne will be remem bered by many, is tho business manager. The Brisbane Liedertafol gave a very suooessful con cert at the Centennial Hall on April 11. Among those who took part were Miss Marie Narello, Mrs. Gilbert Wilson, and Herr Ludwig Sohliebnor. lJhoto by Alfroct .TOllls, Tjondon, STUABT, the Male Soprano, Now appealing at the Palace Theatre, London, . Of hini a London paper says that " possessed 6C a pleasant'facie' and figure, his make-up is so very cleVcr that' it quite oaptivateB the fancy of the house, uritll suddenly the notes of a very deaided baritone voice proclaim that tha singer they have mistaken for a woman is in reality a man. He has a voioe which would make the nightin gales in the saored groves of Ephesus stay their notes in envy." Stuart is spoken of by another journal "that gifted Australian." .Perth. At the Queen's HpJl on April.5, Payne's--^Waxworks opened for the first time. Various side slip.ivs were also given, including war-pictures by the ,cinematograph. At Cremorne Gardens, ..the .principal artistsappearing are Jule Layton, Bob J3ell, Jjingavd' Sisiers, Elsie Gold ing, Albert Whelan, Lottie -Lome, John. Coleman, Gal lardi Sisters, and Harry Fitzmaurice. On April 5, Snell's Olde Englyshe Fayre .-Company closed their season. The artists .who appeared were J. E. Shepherd, Miriam Lewis, the Gonzales, .the Aldeans, the De Yella Sisters, Norah Martin and Master Karl. Tasmania. LAUNCESTON.--Sivroni and Cope's Opera Company opened here last Saturday night to a very large audience. At the Albert Hall, JMcAdoo's Jubilee Singers opened for a season of five nights on Easter Saturday. The entertainment comprises the Passion Piety, plantation melodies and the phonograph. QUEENSTOWN.-The Tivoli Musical Company inaugurated a season at the'Academy .of Music on .April 16\. The entertainment includes war pictures and' a variety show. Raphael's Pantomime Company.concluded their sea son here on April H with Maritana, 1STew DTJNEDIN.-The pri^ibjiJr^artists a^'e&^j^Vwith Fuller's Waxworks Company c,ive, ther-jLe$lie B^Aeis, .who give a very good n*iSid(il jfeivamTafeoe/. (J J * I Walter Bentley closeaV-h^season here on ^wwl^sAvith A House of Mystery. ' AUCKLAND.-The ValdarBs^irfbva-JaemT*^toing very good business here. There are 110 new artists at present'in Dix's Gaiety Company at the City Hall. Professor Anderson, " the .xyizard of the North," has been "doing" audiences at the Opera House. Horses, watches, furniture, bicycles and other small articles are being lavishly "given away" just to " advertise the show." WELLINGTON.-llev. Charles Clark has been at tracting fair audiences with his lecture on St. Paul's and readings from Dickens. His season here closes shortly. Princess's. What Happened to Jones is above the ordinary type of farcical. comedy to which we have hitherto been aocustomed, and indeed, it is a type that we should like to have nis a permanent factor in the advancement of our local stage. Hero is Art, and Art that the most sensitively moral person can find nothing to oavil at. The characters are well drawn and faithfully reproduced ; the -fun is wholesome and plentiful, and above all there is a .tangible and well-worked out plot. It is, un fortunately, too often that the writer of farcical comedy depends for his suocess upon the broad effects occasioned by the pregnant humour of the " book," and sacrifice8 the subtle art of comedy to the exaggerations of^farce, which are more pronounced and delectable to the ordinary playgoer than to the connoisseur with more refined and artistic instincts. And in this degree, What Happened to Jones differs from most farcioal comedies we have seen. The plot is well defined, and, improbable as all plots of the kind usually are, it is not too improbable to detract from the semblanoe of realism with which the piece is enveloped by the onlooker. The many incidents which yield abundant humor in their development are not discarded before the intrloaoy of their entanglement beoomes too diffi cult to solve, but are kept up and worked out to the end, and, of oourse, occasion tumultuous merriment. The clanger of having too many irons in the fire is entirely upset in this regard, for so many are the humorous incidents depicted in this piece, and they follow one another in such rapid succession that there is not the slightest ohanee for the most lethargic of the audience to complain of being bored. The oharaoterisa. Miss EJiiTA ARNOLD, In An Empty Stovkinr/, at the Prinooss^Theatr< The Episode of the Two Indians, .In What Happened to .Tones, at the Princess Theatre. ,;tipn ;is jp.erfeot; -and the .oompany fully realised the author's" conception of his characters as they should be represented. Jones is a perfect type of comedy hero. His subtlety of wit, his quickness of resource, and his adept manner of feeling his way and acting upon the inspiration derived from his manoeuvre _ are most effective, and gain in strength as each situation enfolds him more and more in the labyrinth of imposition in which coincidence and accident have placed him ; but the threads are not left tangled under cover of broad effects ; they, are delioately pulled and straightened out as the pieco progresses to the end, and when the denouement is reached, Jones's explanation sets .every thing right, and the Gordianlcnot is untied to make way for the knot of matrimony, which forms the final" com plication " into which the genial Jones enters of his own accord. The character of the " commercial" who travels in hymn-looks with playing-cards thrown in as a side line gives Mv. Arnold abundant scope for his abilities, and he made good use of his opportunities. Arnold is non est, and in his place is Jones-Jones of the bright eye and up-to-everything nonchalance, who is in no way appalled by the complications he has raised on every side, and calmly proceeds to make use of everybody and everything to aid in the general effeot, all of whioh Mr. Arnold realised with a conception and perfect grasp of detail that made his representation beyond criticism. It is indeed one of the best parts, and played in the bQSt manner, that we have met with for a long time, and Mr. Arnold's reputation is correspond ingly increased thereby. Miss Dot Frederio as Oissy, Ebonezer Goodly's ward, looked very charming, and gave the part a most vivacious touch of c7<ic roguish ness which Jones found irresistiblaus^^f^T^^leaiip enters into the pieoe with great vra't^/luiaiAmp&riy-; toc her environs a delightful spontniWrfcy^'"Mr. Fr'edbrfplf Sharp was perfeot as Ebenezerj (Jqodly, .. Professor of' Anatomy, whose going to a prim-fight brings /tji'^bje upon everybody concerned. His\nmjc&up; and aotmg were remarkably well done in a character where abundant facilities for exaggeration present themselves, and. throughout his representation was consistently excellent. Miss Sallie Booth as Alvina Starlight, an amorous maiden lady, and Miss Ada Lee as Helina, a Swedish servant, were both very effective in their re spective parts, and were greeted in familiar terms by many of the audience who regarded them as old friends. As Mrs. Goodly, Miss Agnes Knights looked very well, and acted splendidly, her elaborate dresses giving the feminine portion of the audience much material for sub sequent discussion and admiration, while the Dr. Goodly of Mr. George Willoughby, the Richard Heatherly oi Mr. Frank H. Denton, and the Policeman of Mr. E. W. Thomas are all worthy of commendation. Smaller parts were taken by Miss Inez 33ensusan, Miss Hope Mayne, Mr. A. H. Tasman, and Mr. Edwin Lester, who acquitted themselves creditably in their support to the piece. What Happened to Jones is a triumph in the art of farcical comedy, and with Mr. Charles Arnold as its centre figure, and the excellent support accorded by the rest of the company, it should without doubt, easily fill in the seven weeks of the season. An JUmptij Stockinri served as a curtain-raiser to the principal event of the evening, and demonstated' the abilities of Miss Edna Arnold, the comedian's olever little daughter, who is the daintiest and most gifted young child actress we have had here. Edna, when she grows out of child-parts,. Avill make a name for herself.. Miss, Dot Frederic, Mr. Prank Denton and Mr. George Willoughby took the other parts in this " Christmas epidsode," ancl were very successful in making it an effective prelude ol sadness to a merry time occasioned by TVhat Happened to Jones. . . . Bijou. ' LUDWIG Amann made his first appearance at tlio Bijou Theatre on Saturday night, and. quite realized the /expectations formed of him. Not only ctoos he com .?bme speed of make up with authenticity of the ,,^-delineaticm, but also uses very little " hirsute adorn ment" to aid in the representation, oxoept when necessary. His faoe is wonderfully flexible and ex pressive, ,and his impersonation of celebrities places him in the foremost rank of artists who have nmdo their bow .to Melbourne audienoes under the awspicos of Mr, -Harry Hiokards. Professor Almond, a clover danoer, also made his first appear(in.co, as well as Mr. Tod Callaway, Mr. Ernest ,Sullivan, and Miss Poiu'l Lovell, who oreat.ecl a very .favourable impression. Miss Irene Franklin .had some new songs .that gave hoi" further scope to show .her talent, while .the other .artists who contributed to a holiday programme ,o£ exceptional' ? r standard were Charles Seel, Maud Needham, Dom Taylor, Professor Davys, Fanny Powers, Pope find Sayle.s, Will Whitburn, Miss Neva Carr-Glynn and Mi' Howard "Chambers. Alexandra Theatre. WitJiN ,\ye dropped in to see For Queen and OouiMi'il 'last Monday night, there was not a seat to be had for 'love <or money, or anything else, and the seating accommodation was for the first time in the history oi the Alexandra .found- to bo insuilioiont. For Queen Country, while not above tho usual type of patriotic drama .written to suit a certain section of theatre-goers .lit a period when war is the all-porvading element, is yet not devoid of an interesting !' boqlc" and well worked out .incidents of a novol kind. There are roalistio battle . soenos and ^presentations of plaoes and incidents nuulo familiar to everyone by means of the war cablegrams, and tho stageing and mounting o£ the pieae are on quite a magnificent scale. _ As the hero, Harry Kingdom, Mr. Alfred Woods acted in a very pleasant manner, and won the favor of the audience. Mr. Woods, who is new to Melbourne, has a manly style, with an easy well-modu lated voice, and with a little less of the affectation that seems to cling to all " leading juveniles," his represen tation would be almost faultless. Miss Maud William son we are glad to meet again as an old friend, and her rendering of the part of Marjorie Cameron, a Sister of the Eed Cross, was an excellent one. The rest of the company, with a few exceptions, aid in the effectiveness of the piece, and on the whole the production is one which should meet with a large share of public patron age, combining as it does the elements of sensationalism with a gorgeousness of mounting and scenic effect. Theatre Royal. TnJiHis was an air of awful solemnity about the Theatre Royal on Good Friday night. All the' spectral apparitions of dead and gone melodramas had faded into thin air specially for the occasion, and those who visited the sacred concert in the expectation of seeing persecuted heroines and manly heroes stalking about the stage with harps in their hands were, of course, disap pointed, but the entertainment provided by an indulgent management amply compensated for the lack of any innovations in the " spirit" lino.. A well- known Mel bourne medico on entering the dross circle, remarked in a very audible voice that on such a solemn evening, an entertainment in a theatre where vice usually triumphed over virture for four acts out of five, should open with spiritualistic demonstrations and ghost walking to rid the air of evil associations. Which was a very spirited remark ; but the said medico forgot that in a theatre the ghost only walks on Monday at one o'clock, and then goes down to the hotel at the corner to cash his cheque. But that is another story ! Miss Gracie Wliiteford sang Braga's Serenata as if she was controlling herself, by a desperate effort, from delighting the audience-cwith " The Giddy Little Widow from Paris," or some such ditty with a lively dance thrown in, and the audience waited-but it came not. Mr. Bert. Bradley warbled " The Holy City," with limelight accompaniment; Mr. liege Robins sang " Only Once More," and was ap plauded for the admirable sentiment embodied in the title, but " Never Again" would have been more suitable. " The Soldier of Redan," , a tale of a brave soldier, wiia?-- inappropriately, rendered with some nervousness by Miss Isa Millet, who looked very nice, and was therefore applauded for her recitation. Some one sang HThd 'Better- Life" in Stygian darkness, and the audience^wondered-:exceedingly whence emanated those awful sounds; : but it was ; only a song being murdered.' Mr.Gemld-Massey recited " The Hero on the Stage,'' and " Bobs"-in'his usual stylo, and was enthnsiasiastibfilly applauded ; hut it must be regretted that Mr. Massey's - characters always talk through the nose, and ithrqw themselves about in a maudlin kind of way, as if sthey we"re"all invented by the reciter himself. Miss Celia Mavis's* singing, is, as usual, deserving of praise, and'her "rendering of the "Jewel Song" from Faust, and V' Tho ? "Star of Bethlehem," made the audience, -like Oliver Twist, " ask for more." At tho conclusion"'of the service-ooncert, we should say-a. number of-j" living vpiotures" were given, representing "The Vacant'. Chair" and "Tho Absent-Minded Beggar " ; "The Dootor" and " The Nurse" ; and " The Last Cartridge1' 'arid-'the " The Lost Chord," all of which were painted-'and- designed by Mr. Bege Bobins The entertainment "was a very successful one, and met with "the'approval" of ' the audience. When the Lamps are Lighted '"has drawn 'orowded houses during the week, and'it will'be'kept on to tho end of the season. There will b'e'ti matinee next Saturday (Eight Hours'Day). Mil. Wilson Barrcstt says that " the drama, Quo Vadis, will give rise to "some very curious legal points. 77«; SHgn of the Gross, which it greatly resembles, was produced fully a yoar before the original publication of (Jtto Vudix in Polish/*. The dramatic copyright law forbids the production of any colourable imitation of a copyrighted play. It is' next to an impossibility for a dramatised version of 'Quo'Vadis to-be madb without its proving a colourabledrnltation of the Sirju of the Cross, So Mr. Barrett, asr'authov of the latter play, has right of action against myself. Any other version will, of course, bo unauthorised and illegal, and his solicitors havo instruc tions to proceed against any person producing suoh a v-'or!; on grounds of infringement of copyright of both Qmu i'adin and The Sign of the Cross," 