ioail Mates & Mews. Weslkyan. — Sunday July 29th — Glen Iunes 11 and 7, Wellingrove at 3. — Rev. C. P. Walkden- Browu. Presbyterian. — Sunday, July 29th — Glen Innes 11 (Memorial service in memory of Mr. John Mitchell) and 7. Dundee at 3 — Rev. J. Edwards, B.A. To mc-rrow (Weduesday\ Choir prautioe 7 ; Bible Classjj, \ Special License. — Aspecial auctioneer's licensed . was granted to D. M'Gregor yesterday, which enables him to couauct sales in any portions _of thejpolony - Assistant C.P.S. — We are glad to note that the Department, acting on the demajids urged by the Municipal Council, have appointed Mr. W. H. Woodward, as assistant C.P.S. in the local office. Mr. Woodward eutered upon his duties yesterday. School Inspections — At school inspections last week Helena FalKNqicl Mary Conroy, of Yarra- j ford, aud Wilfred Swnan, of Dundee, gained f staudard certificates. - I Great Casar's Ghost 1 poor wasted frame, That ouce full vigor did possess. Can't be a man in else but name, ' His cough has brought him such distress, The nndertaker smiles to thiuk Next winter's cold he'll not eudure, Oh ! ne'er say die. but take a drink Of W. E. Woods' Great Peppermint Cure.- Billiard Tournament,— The Recreation com J lnitteeof the School of Arts have arranged for the | lioldiug of a billiard tournament 259 up ou novel 1 lines. Intendiug players are requested to hand in Satisfactory. — We are pleased to record that i ouce more Queeuswood is to the fore iu the list of passeB for the Junior Examination receutly held in counectiou with the Sydney Urivggstty Misses Nina White, Florrie Eusor, aipirifva' Chaudler be ing the success|qu3a»|idtf«eer The former young lady has iu adduion been awarded a medal for ! drawiug. Parents wishing to eurol the names of intending pupils for the forthcoming term are re- minded, that Miss - Stepheuaou will be at home for tbatpurpoae ou Thursday juext. School of Arts. — the nevPrecreatiou commit- tee are losing uo time to set the ball rollitfg, aud have arranged for a novel debate iu the institution for Friday next. Seven subjects have been chosen, as follows : — John Priest : Should the Zone System of Railway Traffic be established iu Australia ? Dr. MaoPhersou : Should the Lash as a Punishmeut for Criminals be Abolished 7 F. J. Thomas : Is Physical Culture iu Australia encouraged aud developed to the detriment of Moral Culture ? W. M'Creadie: Should a Member of the.Houso of Representatives of a State be eligible to hold posi tion of Federal Representative also ? J. Souter : Should the Mayor of a Municipality be elected by the Ratepayers ? P. P. Abbott : Should Trade Disputes be settled by Compulsory Arbitration, with power to enforce ? \Y. E. Viucent : Has the Early Closing Bill been productive of benefit to the People ? — Arrangements are being completed for the visit of teams from the local School of Arts to play a series of games consisting of billiaru, whist, dominoes, aud probably cribbage, against teaihs representing the Armidale School of. Arts at the last named place ou Monday, August 6th . The various teams to represeut Gleu Iunes will be chosen this week. Weigh- bridge for Glkncoe. — With reference to the petition presented to the Railway Commis sioners by Mr. F. A. Wright from the members of the Gleucoe Farmers' aud Settlers' Association, ' asking for the provision of a weigh-bridge at the local railway station, our member has been in formed that the request has been granted. In structions will be given accordingly. Catholic Social. — The ladies' committee who are arraugiug for this anuual fuuctiou are meetiug with every encouragement in the work they have iu hand, aud they report the promise of liberal donations towards the supper tables, also that the tickets are meeting with ready sale. From the favorable start made, the social is likely to be quite as successful as any that has preceded it ; at any rate, it will not be the fault of the committee if it is uot so. — — a— — r I tti I Telephonic — Wandsworth aud Ben Lomond! j are uow connected by telenhoue. The contract fori sthe work was carried out by Mr. G. Hennessey,' I Oil Thursday, Mr. C. Kemp, of the telelgraphj | office, fixed the instrument iu the Waudswortu I post-office, and when switched on BeuLomt Tfifc" j was spoken to and mutualcjmgfiffuTations were j passed. The service gjlHTea great convenience to ! the settlers around Wandsworth, who duly appre-1 ciate the action of the department in giving their| the means of such speedy coinmauication. _j L TTkmale Oddfellows. — Some laterestiug infor matiou was given (remarks a Loudon paper) at the meeting of the aunual moveable committee of the Manchester Unity of Oddfellows, held at Ports mouth, The Graud Master Baid the membership of the unity was 961,500, aud the funds amounted to £10,074,410. The female membership was 1,227, aud the society has now 44 branches composed entirely of females. There was also a meeting of Oddfellows at Manchester, and of the Loyal Order of Aucieut Shepherds at Bristol. At all three meetings reference was made to the loyal assistance given at the front by members of Euglish aud colonial lodges. Sad Death. — Says the Kempsey Chronicle : It was only last JLhursday week that Mr. Edward Collius, who had till within a short time before been teacher of the Public School at Raleigh, with his wife and family were entertained at a farewell social at Fernmount and made tbe recipients of some very tangible proof of the regard aud esteem iu which they were held on the Bellinger. Owing to the bad state of his health, Mr. Collins had been granted six mouths' leave of absence by the Education Department and had procured a covered waggou and horses, it being bis intention to travel about the country iu order that change of air and scene might recoup his energies. His first inteutiou was to go to the Manning, where his father resides, by easy stages, aud accordingly lie first proceeded to Taylor's Arm, where last Friday he shopped at Mr. C. Franks'. It appears that one day last week he attempted to catch a fowl, and in doing so the bird drove one of its claws into his hand between the thumb and first finger, blood poisoning resulted, aud ultimately tetauus tetanus set iu, from which he expired ou Monday at Mr. Franks' residence. The Weather. — During the past three days the weather has keen damp, cold, aud miserable — truly wintry — and every prospect of a continuance of a similar 'snap as wo write. For this period 1 of the season such inclemency is uot acceptable to our farmers, as ploughing operations cannot be pro ceeded with, aud if a change is not forthcoming during the next few days the present unsettled state is likely to interfere to 110 considerable degne with farming work. To the Deaf. — A rich lady, cured of her Deaf ness and Noises iu the' Head by Dr.. Nicholson's Artificial Ear Drums, gave £5000 to his Institute, so that deaf people unable to procure 'the'.. Ear Drums may have theiu free. Address No. 2S7d. Tile Nicholson Institute, Longcott, Gunners bury, Loudon, W, 1 "Wooly Festival." — We are in receipt of an | interesting pamphlet, entitled the "Wooly Festi val," being a record of the Sydney Stud Sheep_ Sales, delegate meetings, aud ttie Annual Sheep- breeders' Show held receutly in Syduoy. The pamphlet is fall of interest, and is issued from the office of the Sydney Stock and Station Journal, and is edited by an old friend in the person of Mr. Robert M'Millau. Commercial Travellers' Banquet. — Over 200 1 representative citizens were preseut at the Com mercial Travellers' Banquet in the Town Hall, I Syduey, on Thursday night. Excellent speeches Ave re delivered by Lord Bennchamp, Mr. Reid, the Colouiul Secretary (Mr. See), and others on the question of Federation. They all considered there < | rillim n „ J wealth. j The Caledonian Society. — The members of this society have by a glance at the report submit ted at the annual meeting on Monday evening last I iu the Masonic Hall every reasou to cougrajiilate themselves, for not only' istjjseSffnictease of membership to 124. asrfgtffnat 75 of last year, but the balance sjjrfhowed the highly satisfactory cieditof £347 The following officers were elected N for the ensuing term : — President— D. M„ G. M'Gregor ; vice-presidents — Dr. MacPherson aud G. B. Clark ; treasurer — J. Souter; secretaryL-W j M'Creadie ; auditors— A." A. T'honias and C. W. Browu ; committee— C. J. Potts, D. Mdnrp,.J. (Smith, J. H Pike, G. Mann, VV. Kelly, Rev, J, 1 Edwards, J. M 'Donald, R: M'Kerihau, jun, U. H- 1 j Mitchell, H. J". M uuro, and J. Wetherapoon. | an Artificial Jtl a n'."— au e r ma n a u rg e 0 man-servant' lost both arms aud. legs and part of his- face by the explosion of a shell, has calculated the ' cost of manufacturing an artificial man. A pair of arms, with hauds, joiuts, etc, eomp.lete, would cost about £30 ; a pair of iegs about £28 ; a false nose - in metal — uudistinguishabie from the real article — costs' £16 to £20 ; aud for £42 a pair of ears, perfectly natural iu appearance, and furnished with artificial drums, can be procured. A com plete set of teeth would cost £8 to £15, and a pair of glass eyes £6. Thus the total cost of supplying deficiencies to % man who has lost all his limbs and the major portion of his face is £100 to £120. I 