A MEMENTO OF THE CRIMEA. ^A gentleman has left with us a copy of a "Form of Prayer and Thanksgiving to Almighty God" for the successes obtained by t';ve British troops and their allies in the Crimea, and especially for the capture of Sevastopol. This form was issued in 185.") to all Churches and Chapels in England and Wales, and reads as follows:—"O Lord God Almighty, the Disposer of all human events, in whose hand is nower and might which none is able to withstand: We, Thine unworthy servants, desire to approach Thy throne with the tribute of praise and thanksgiving. We bless and magnify Thy name for the successes granted to our countrymen, and the armies allied with them, now engaged in a mighty warfare, and defending the rights and independence of nations; and especially for the signal victory by which the stronghold of the enemy has been overthrown. We acknowledge, O Lord, that the wisest counsels, ana the strongest arms, without Thee, cannot but fail: for Thine, O Lord, is the greatness, and the power, and the victory, and the majesty; and, therefore, not unto us, O Lord, not unto us, but unio Thy name, be ail praise and glory ascribed. Continue, we beseech Thee, Thy favour to the allied forces, both by sea and land. Let not the glory of their progress be stained by ambition, or sullied by revenge; but let Thy Holy Spirit support them in danger, control them in victory, and raise them above all temptation to evil. And grant that this and all other successes which liave crowned the bravery and rewarded the endurance of our armies, may issue in the return of jieace, and the restoration of Christian brotherhood amone nations. Finally, O Lord, we entreat Thee so to dispose and turn our hearts that Thy mercy, now manifested towards us, may Engage us to true thankfulness, and incline us, as a nation, to walk more humbly and devoutly before Thee, by obeyin- Thr holy word, by reverencing Thy holy day, and by promoting throughout the land the knowledge of Thee, the only true God, and of Jesus Chris: whom Thou hast sent. To whom, with Thee and the Holy Ghost, be all honour and glory, world without end. Amen." Messrs. Duncan & Fraser, the well-known manufacturers of this city, are enquiring if there is r a daanc-e obtaining an order from the War Oliee authorities in England for the supply of transport wagons for the South African campaign. A day or two ago a cable message was reeeived stating that England had declined to purchase American wagons for the troops because the authorities feared that such a course would lead to other nations objecting to the subjects of a neutral Power being employed in assisting in the war, and afiirmed that only British-made wagons would be used. Immediately this as made public, a leading firm waited upon Mr. Duiicnn and aeked for his permission to communicate to the home authorities his willingness to supply the wagons. Mr. Duncan, however, having no pattern to work upon, refused the offer, but put himself in ommunication with manufacturers in the fher colonies with a view of ascertaining whether they intended to do anything in the matter. He learned ill answer to his enquiries that the Sydney Qhamber of anufaetiuvs had made an offer to the military authorities of the old country, but so far they had received no reply. Mr. Dunan is of the opinion that the manufacturers f Ciinada will obtain all the orders, as they ould be able to turn out the wagons more uickly than the Australians. HOBART, January 4. Pontifical requiem mass was celebrated t St. Maiy's this morning for those.killed n the war". Archbishop Murphy presided. r. Delaoey, Coadjutor Bishop of ffobart, as celebrant. Hik Excellency tine Goveror, Viscount Gormanston, Admiral Pearon, Hie Chief Justice, Sir John St. D. ell Dodds, the Premier, Mr. Lewis, and he Minister of Lands, Mr. Mulcahy, were moasst those present. 