v AT THE SHEAF OF WHEAT. A Tale of the Rising of 1803. _____ _ *n«— ____. BY JAMES MURPHY, ~ Author of ' The Forge of Clohogue.' ' Hugh b8 ifOL'J ^ Roach, the Ribbonman/' ^c. - ISW Si'*x~.,rM^ , ?...-.-.? .- ..'? ? . ??? ' ' ?????? ?- [ALT. RIGHTS RE8BRVBD.] . ?-1''5* Chapter XXXIII. : , i ;- f«hf i ; ' (Continued.) ,Thb way was long to Dublin, as the banker had ^'''^^said, and the roads were heavy. The conversation on the way was pleasant enough, though Hurford i''Xtl rBrely joined in being intermitteutly carried on be tween Nellie and Mr. Holmes whenever either had '' ' 'a remark to nmke. It was agreeable t - \ the travelling, for the hot air of the summer evening was tempered by the strong revivifying breeze that always comes over this upland region towards evening. The sun was dipping below the horizon as thev came bv Sutton. and Howrth Hill was glorious with the effulgence of its parting rays Th^ softened twilight accompanied them as far as S\ntry, and after that th ? dirknens of the summer night set in. But below them in the distance the lights of the city of Dublin, lying along the valley of the Liffey, f rose apparently thick and numberless — twinkling and glittering all the way from Ringsend to Thomas . ilstreet and thence around to Kevin-street. The up lands intervening shaded the nearer side of the city from their view. ? -Thestreets were in more or less of darknesa when they gained the qusys and Carlisle Bridge and pro ceeded up Dame- street and into ..Cork Hill and -, ^ttiehceltojHigh-street, for: the shops,had long closed 'and the streets were semi-deserted. They took thiB direction, for Mr. Holmes was anxious to see that matters were right in and; around the bank, the times of late being bo unquiet. 'Go a little quicker, Ephraim ; the night is grow ing late,',' said Mr. Holmes as they turned into ChxiBtchurbh-place, ' an£ we have got to get to the square yet.' Thecoachman accordingly drove faster ;: and pre sently they were past the great ruined Cathedra1 of ^Christ's Church and past the grey old spire nf St ' Patrick's looming grandly up out of the darkness to .j.the left. The chime of bells in the cathedral solemnly pealed out the hour, striking the notes in glow and ponderous fashion one by one , ?, Mr. Holmes -counted them as they were tolled ' but. ] , '.'Eleven o'clock !' he said. ?♦ My ! I had no idea we should take so long a-coming Hallo 1— what is this noise along the further end of Thomas- street ? ; ; There - is some commotion apparently- Drive : quicker Ephraim and get to the turn of Skinner's row before they come nearer.' The coachman urged his horss and drove faster, . but long before he had reached the turn leading i. down into Winetavern-street a mob, rushing and Bwooping forward — drunken, dissolute, without order and without discipline, brandishing rough pikes or imitations of pikes, hatchets, pitchforks, or whatever came handiest to them— had surrounded them. Ragged, drunken, howling, the ofFacouring of the lowest city quarters ! ' God save ue 1 What does thin mean ?— what can be up?' asked Mr. Holmes, as he saw the squalid, scowling faces of the crowd rilling the Btreet before and around him, some of them clutch ing the horses' bridles to stop them. ' Let go the horses, you fellows— what do you want ?' A roar of rage and execration followed thiB ad dress. Major Sirr's men, the selected ruffians of the most squalid quarters of the city, were not to be driven from their purpose by the upbraiding words of any gentleman. ?''? They had been primed with whisky all the even ing and night and encouraged to acts of rapine, until they were fit for any deed of robbery, outrage, or murder — all the more, indeed, because it had been tacitly spread amongst them that no legal con sequences, whatever they might do, would follow. For one night that portion of the streets was given over to rapine, plunder, and even murder, so long as it was. likely to bring discredit on the National cause It was clever, diabolical, almost devilish in its conception, but for the present, at any rate, the plan seemed likely to accomplish, one of its ends — Murder. '''''? There was no doubt the position was full of immi nent danger. The faces around the surprised and astounded -banker were swollen with drink and fury — fury to commit they did not know what, or care, so long as it was something evil and reckless. There were spronga and pitchforki thrust forward by unsteady hands towards the windows of the car riage. The horses' bridles were seized and the car riage was being backed into the footway. There was murder — or worse — not alone in the feMowB' faces, but in the air. 'Let go the horsea, villains! Wretches, take your hands off the bridle ! Let the carriage pass, or—— ' ;?'?.- The banker, pale and firm, but, like all very quiet -men, firm and unyielding when the danger arose, was standing half-erect in the carriage when his address was interrupted by a hoarse roar of recog nition and insult.' ' It's old Holmes, the banker, that's in it — that's speaking!' cried one, . ' Th' old beggar wance, that's now the richest man in Dublin !'? VlM'Dbwh with him !'? i ; n-- ??;;.- .(,? ,'i?.!,-.---.m;; --.; 11 Out with him to us !' ?' We'll give him the jike !' 'Ay, boys ! out with 'em ! and break in the bank afterwards. There's plenty of money there !' These were strong incitements addressed by one to another, and to the whole lot, in a maddened crowd of drunken ruffians. A number of hands were stretched forward, and almost in the twinkling of an eye Mr. Holmes was dragged from his unsteady position and into the seething mass. _ It all occurred, so suddenly that Nellie Elliott, sitting by his side, had hardly time to comprehend what was going on. But, like a panoramic picture flashed before her eyes, she saw him flung down be tween the feet of the howling] mob, and at the same, time saw under the i street lamps some distance off another carriage being burst open by a raging mob and its occupants dragged fYrth and piked. It was all like a scene of Pandemonium'— a sketch from Dante's Inferno enacted in real life— in the street of 8aint Thomas, Dublin City. And at the same time rough hands clasped her dress also to drag her out. In wild affright she clung to the further side of the carriage and shrieked at the top of her voice— in accents which rent the summer night, so wild was its despair— ' Oh, Mr. Holmes! -Mr. Holmes! — help ! help ! —save ms ! save me ! save me !' As the villains Bought to tear, with frantic pulls, her hands from the hold of the silver rail at the off Bide of the carriage, it suddenly cime away in her grasp ; but before they had time to drag her faint ing form out of the carriage a new commotion burst out snear, and thrusting himself through the crowd out from the region of Vicar street, a young fellow appeared on the scene ' Who speaks of Mr. Holmes? Who .cai'.a ; Mr. Holmas? What does all this mean?' he died aloud, looking around with astonishment.at the wid scene. ? There. was no response, as indeed there was none to be given. * i : ' I say, whose carriage is this? What do you want villains ! Who spoke of Mr. Holmes ? What in hell means all this ?' j For a moment there was -a silence. The banker in all his trouble recognized the voice. 'Dick ! Dick !' cried he, with frantic energy at the cry, as he .struggled to his feet, two or three men grasping him by the throat, trying to keep him down, whilst two or three others strove to strike him with pikes held short in their hands. ' Oh, uncle— you ! ! — Stand back, you dogs !'?? And at once he struck at them vigorously with; his clenched hands, freeing him somewhat But at this moment b|s eye fell on the young lady whom the vile wretches were pulling from the car riage. ,..;..:,. ?; ... .?::?;.' ?;.;: ?. ? ?' ' '? Hounds ! villains ! unhand that lady !' and his wrath now rising to ? fury as he began to compre hend the scene and the surroundings -''better, he snatched a pistol from his pocket and fired! - One the men pulling at the lady's dfesB dropped in the street, and the others, frightened at the report, fell hurriedly back, relinquishing their hold. , He drew he trigger 'of.' the 'second barrel, and, facing now the assailants 'of his uncle, fired it in the face of the foremost;. ' .., '..'?'.'. .''V ' ,. ..?''. ' *'' ' ' Leeointre ! Lecointre!' he shouted. 'Here! help !'.'. In a moment more —the whole scenehardly occupied a minute's time— a vigorous, stalwart form was pushing his way:over. from Vicar street corner towards him, and a voice cried : ' Here, Dick ! I am here !' : On the instant, however, a number of young men, detaching themselves from a much larger body, that moved slowly in fine military order, came running, with muskets in their hands, along the thorough fare from the direction of Marshaisea-lane, at their, head a young man with drawn sword and cocked hat. The rabble gave way before them and slunk to the footpaths, opening a path for them ; those who did not were knocked down and trampled ;on, and they stopped not in their crush until they reached the beleaguered carriage. 'Vile wretches !-' cried the leader, hoarse with passion and indignation, ' what means this ? Where came you from ? What devil incarnate set you' on to this work ? Scatter these scoundrels, men ! They are but plunderers and murderers !' I Those accompanying h'm'did not need to be told twice. Clubbing their muskets, with a furious swing of the arm they dashed the stocks into the faces of the marauders around, smashing them with the vigour of their blows. In a moment the street surrounding the carriage was cleared. The half mad, drunken rabble were .ready to plunder and murder if they could do it in safety, but they were by no means disposed to fight or peril their worth less skins. A dozen or more were lying on the street stunned or howling with pain ; the remainder of the villains flei in all directions, crowding the nar row by-streets. But in the distance further down was a massive phalanx of men standing in military array, blocking up Thomas street, their muskets grounded before them, waiting patiently, and watch ing with curious eyes these proceedings. ?' ' Emmet, Emmet ! Is it you !— you ? What is the meaning of all this ?' cried Dick Ronayne, in the hurry of the moment oblivious of the fact that his own presence was a sort of apparition and with out even waiting to shake hands or explain. 'What does all this mean ? What is it all about ?' ; 'It means, Dick Ronayne, that the Rising has begun. Yonder are my men ! TheBe wretches — I do not know what brought them here. They are not our men. I do not know them. My men are yonder. The rising htH taken place !' ? ' Oh, heavens ! I am late, then— I came from France to stop it.' „ ' You !— no '.—it cannot be! The French fleet is Irish waters by this time, coming to our help.' ' Impossible ! The French fleet is in Brest Harbour, and will not sail for weeks— months !' ' Ross Todd and Hugh Sweetman brought us the latest news, and ? ' 'They are late with their latest news, then ! I sailed from France since, and I know better. There is no aid for weeks, months to come. I tell you that, for I know it!' 'Then it is most unfortunate!' cried Emmet. ;*' We were told otherwise. It is now irretrievable! ' ' No, not irretrievable. Disband the men imme diately ? ' ' Sir,' said a man, bursting in and touching his cap, 'there are no Wicklowmen in Ship-street. They have not come — the news is unfounded.' 'Then we have been deceived there, too. The 'news of Ringsend, I dare say, is equally unfoun ded,' said Emmet, recognizing promptly the t'r cumstancea of the moment. ' Stay ! Here comes someone with news. Well— what is it?' he asked of a horseman who, galloping up Winetavern-atreet, pulled up in front of them, his horse covered with a lather of sweat. ' There are no Wexfordmen at Ringsend. They have not arrived.' ' They have not arrived !' 'No ; the news that was brought was false ' ?'False ! Are you sure?' ' Certain. They have not come. There is no one there. There is no sign of them. Some treasherous messenger brought the news ' ' Who do you come from ?' 11 Hugh Sweetman. Here is his note.' ' And there are no men there ?' 'No ; none.' '?..'.'.':?'?. : . ' Then we have been deceived on every side. This is the work of the Government! No one else. They have got information somehow— from some source !' cried Emmet 'There is no use proceed ing further. The men must disband and go home. We must wait for happier times, Dick Ronayne.' ' Yes, yes —disband them at once. There is no harm done yet At once— at once-r-Robert Emmet ! —for your life's sake !' Dick was trembling with anxiety and excitement, Emmet was perfectly cool and collected. ' 5TeB ; it is better so. It is inevitable,' he said. And atter a moments pause he went back to where his men were waiting, steady and composed. He addressed a few words to them ; and they, as noon as they understood the substance of his ad dress, broke their' ranks and silently disappeared — vanishing as noiselessly as if they were spectres conjured up for the occasion. Ready to do all and dare all when they believed the need was, they quietly melted away when they found their aid was no use. and unneeded— as, indeed, is always the story of brave and resolute men ! Meantime, and the meantime was short— it is surprising in times of excitement how much may be crowded into a small portion of time — Mr Holmes was looking vaguely, and in a state of mind-coma, on the incidents going on around him, and not quite sure whether he were not in a dream. The bloWs he had gotten, and the heavy fall from the carriage, had shaken and somewhat disordered his mental faeu ties. But when Dick, Emmet having gone to his men, turned round and threw his arms around him, then indeed he felt sure that it was his nephew back again — restored to him again. He fell on the young man's shoulder, and wept tears of re joicing—tears the like of which he had not shed since the morning he had left his home by the Barrow's banks. ' Uncle !— uncle !' Dick cried as he clasped the old man in his arms, ' I am so delighted to see you again! Oh, uncle ! I am so pleased to see you once more.' ? 'Dick ! Dick ! my nephew!!' was all the banker could say, as he sobbed like a child, 'But, Dick,' he said at last, tearing himself from his embrace, in an effort of memory, ' do you know who is here ? Oh, Dick ! you came in time to save her. Oh, Dick, look ! — look !' Dick turned round in wonder and looked. Nellie had recovered from a temporary fit of unconscious ness, brought on by fright and terror, when her peril was great and imminent, _ and sat in the open car riage looking for some time vacantly around her. She could not comprehend what had happened. The hands tearing at her so savagely but a few minutes since were gone; the street, full of a howling, drunken, roaring mob a short time ago. was empty: — save for the few forms that lay on the ground — and hardly anything broke the silence of the night saAe the steady tramp, tramp of the military inarch ing up Cork Hill and High-street as they came at the double- quick from the Castle. But as Dick, adjured by his uncle, turned, to look at her, her eyes, thu« vaguely wandering about, fell on him, and a shriek, pregnant with surprise, recog nition, amazement and delight, all blended into one, burst from her lips. And at that precise moment Dick Ronayne's eyes fell recognizingly on her, and with a wild spring he leaped to the side of the carriage. «? Oh Dick— Diak Ronayne !' ' Nellie darling ! Nellie, my beloved ! Is it possible I see you again! Is it possible you are here ! My gracious heavens, what brought you in the middle of this uproar ? — jou of a'l others!' ' Oh Dick,' said Nellie, panting and breathless' with joy and fear and his embraces, as she disen gaged herself from his arms and found herself free to use her lips, 'is it you that is really in it? Where have you been and where have you come from? Oh my, this is a night of surprises ! Oh, Dick, surely you will not go away again !' It seemed to the poor girl in the flutter of the moment as if hi& presence were fleeting, like that of a ghost, and that he might disappear at any minute. ' Oh.;- Dick, sure you will not go ^way again. Say you^will-hot.!': . VOislMi b ..r-:Vn] :?.-??-' ?'?Never, Nellie ; never will I leave your side again. Never, never, never !' «' Dick, Dick,' said his uncle, now intervening, ''get into the carriage and let us drive out of this. I see the bayonets of the military coming. Oh, what anight it has been!— what a night of misery and misfortune . But what matter about it all when you are restored to us ! Come, my boy, jump in ! — delay will only bring us trouble.' Dick Ronayne did not want a second invitation ; he sprang in at once and placed himself by Nellie's side. Mr. Holmes got in much more slowly and with difficulty, for the rough usage he had gotten had made him sore and feeble, and took his seat by Hurford Elliott's side. In the events of the past hour, following one another with such rapidity, everyone had forgotten him. Muffled up as he was, Dick even did not recognize him. For a moment Roynane looked wonderingly and anxiously about. Pierre Lecointre ! What had become of him ? Where had he gone ? Wherever he had gone he was nowhere to be seen about. ' But there was no time to be lost in inquiring about him if they would avoid much questioning and cross- questioning, and mayhap arrest, by the military. He will know how to take care of himself where ever he is,' thought Dick. ' And then the carriage turned into Skinner's-row, and thence through Fishamble- street and Cork street and Exchange-street. As they stopped at the door where Nellie and b brother stayed, of aforetime, they all instinctive'; . \ paused to listen. * The steady tramp, tramp of marching men &vd; the jingle of accoutrements came ringing sharply or the still night and the silent streets. All noiBe an uproar had long since died away. ' Poor Emmet !' Ronayne thought. ' What a pity we did not get here a day sooner. But no great harm has been .done.'. No one will know what the gathering really meant, and ? no notice will be taken of it. The day of action is only postponed I would it were otherwise though, and that I had arrived a day sooner— only one twenty-four hours. Well, -'wh at is to be will be. Where can Lecointre have gone to ?' With these disjointed thoughts rushing through his mind he dismounted from the carriage, took Nellie gently in his arms, lifted her out, and, giving her his arm, helped her indoors. Mr. Holmes as sisted Hurford Elliott down, and /dismissing the carriage and ordering it to return to Merrion-square by way of the quays, they all went in and upstairs to the drawing-.room. And there for the present we leave them. Wherever else there mav have been worried and troubled hearts in Dublin city that night there were none in No. 44 Lower Exchange-street. There were three there as full of pleasure and ecstatic rejoicing as there well could be in any of the sleeping house holds within the four seas of Ireland. For -the rest, greater events had thousands of times- happened in the strange and chequered history of this land of ours ; yet the events of that night in the street of St. Thomaa, city of Dublin, were des tined to leave a deeper mark in the heart of Ireland —in the heart of history — than anyone or, all of them together. / : ,;. . ' :r\ ;('???. i!f- (To he continued. j ?.-??. 