. THE DRAMA. Tho provision for tho eritortalnment of Sydney people at Christmas, and tho large number of visi tors for tho Cominonwealth celebrations, should be ample and satisfy all. tastes, both as regards quantity.and quality. Naturally, as necomcs uie festlvo character of the season, the lighter anil moro. entertaining class of amusement will pro- dominate. At Her Majesty's' there will bo an extravaganza, in which tho spectacular element will bo brought Into great prominence. Mr. George Musgrove's Grand Opera Company, ono'of the principal attractions of the Christmas theatri cal programmo. will appear at the Royal. A pan tomime will bo played1 at the Tivoli, a musical comedy at tho Lyceum, "A Message from Mars" at the Palace, and a dramatic sensation, is pro mised by Mr. Dampler at the Criterion, With innumerable side-shows, and possibly a circus or two, all and sundry should bo well provided for. "Bearing other names and investod.wtth moder nity, .our old friend Scrooge,- of 'Tito .Christmas Carol,' has come to life again, and Marlow's ghost has ro-appeared. They are the beall and vir tually tho end-all of Mr. Richard Ganthcny's throe-act piece,"- writes a critic of "A Message from Mars," which is to be produced In Australia for the first time at tho Palace Theatre on Decem ber 22. Richard Gantliony's play entered upon the second year of Its run at the Avenue Theatre, and Its drawing powers appeared to be anything but exhausted: Mr. W. F. Hawtrey leaves on Tuesday' for Adelaide to meet the English mem bers of the company which is to produce the play. Tho English players, who are travelling by the Ornrah, aro timed to arrive in Sydney on Decem ber 7, anil arrangements are being made. for a for mal tecoption of the company on the steamer. A largo number' of "invitations are to be issued. Elaborate preparations are being made for tha ropreentatlon here, which includes some excellent scenery by Mr. H..Wbalte. Bucolossl's original music will ho played, and Mr. D. Cope, the leader of the orchestra, is preparing an overture irom these airs. For the carols sung by the "Walts In the second act, Mr. Hawtrey has secured- the services of a good quartette. In addition to Mr. Gantliony's highly successful play, the company s repertoire will- include "Tom, Dlclc, and Harry, "Saucy Sally," and "Husbauds and Wives.' Sydney Is to havo a pantomime after all, but it is . to ho produced on strictly modern lines; that is, there 'will be no roysterous, rollicking harlequinade, and even tho transformation sceno Is to give place to an imposing tableau. As was surmised, Mr. H. Rlckards has decided t.o produce the Christmas pantomime "Puss in Boots" at tho Tivoli Instead of Melbourne, as originally In tended, and ho has fixed -the opening night for the 22nd December. Mr. Rlckards has gathered to- gethor a strong cast for this class of performance, and as now completed, with the. exception of one part,- Ammarenda. it will bo as follows: — Klt'g Koko, Mr. R. Bell; Princess Pansy, Miss Noni Rlckards; Prince Ferdinand, Mies Edio Hay tor; Dame, Mr. Harry Shine; Jack Grist, Miss 1311110 Barlow; Bill tho Bad Lot, Mr. A. Haytor; Sis the Sad Lot, Mr. F. Haytor; Notary, Mr. G. Brink- man; Puss In Boots, Mr. D. Custon; Mephlsto, Mr. Harry Diver; Fairy Queen, Miss Ada Winston Weir; Simon Snip, Mr. A. Whclan; Innkeeper; Mr. H. Carleton; Beadle, Mr. E. Sutton; Jim Jam aud Ju Jah, tho Do Wynne Brothers. Specialities will be given by lltlo Fanny Powers, Roy Cashin, Misses Laura Taylor, Jessie Wil liams, Alma Gray, Stella Ranger, and Mr. La Mert, In addition to tho performers mentioned in tho cast. Mr. Clint has been engaged on tbo sconory for somo time, and .Mesdames Porter and Lloyd are preparing tho dresses, which are said to bo especially good. There will be no transformsu tion scene, but an imposing and brilliant tableau will concludo the pantomime. Mr. Coventry, who was responsible for the stage management of "The Belle of New York" In Lon don and also In Sydney, will, arrive here by tho Alameda from Son Francisco on Sunday, to superintend Mr. Williamson's Christmas produc tion at Her Majesty's Theatre. Mrs. Coventry, a clover dancer, will appear In the production. Mr. Coventry was also tho stage manager for the London production of "The Casino Girl." Nest week Mr. Williamson promises to he able to supply full details as to tho name of his Christmas novelty, and the cast of characters. Meantime tho fullest preparation Is being roado for tho production — that is, scenery, mechanical effects, wardrobe, etc, "Macbeth" will bo withdrawn for tho last veek of Miss Nonce O'Neil's season, which concludes on December 14th, and a few of the most popular plays of her extensive repertoire will be revived. Miss Nance O'Neil will make her last uppeararice In Sydney on December 15th., as, aftor l'er return from Now Zealand she appears in Queensland aud West Australia, and then starts on a foreign tour. Mr. Charlos Holloway was so Impressed with "For the Sake of a Woman," which he saw played at tho Pavilion Theatre, London, that he pur chased the Australian rights of the play. Mr. Holloway writes: — "I paid a big price for it, but I think it will be a valuable addition to my reper toire, and I shall have the greatest confidence In placing it before tho Australian public." Mr. Holloway securod the models, music, etc., for tho piece from Mr. Isaac Cohen, said to he the king of melodramatic stage managers In London. The rights of several other plays worn also securod by Mr.'HolIoway. The many friends of Mr. Hollo way, professional and private, will be pleased to hear that he is In excellent health. Miss Lizzie Kirlt, a vaudeville performor, and F. Leon, a "champion clog dancer," arrived by the Ormuz this morning, and will appear at the Tivoli next Saturday. Mr. Dampier's own version of "The Three Mus keteers" is to follow "Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde" at tho Criterion. This will bo Us first perform ance in Sydney. Mr. Dampier's bill for tho holi day season has not yet been announced. Miss Ada Winston Weir, who played "Mabel" In the "Pirates of Ponzance" and tho Sultana In "Tho Roso of Persia," in Williamson's Royal Opera Company, has joined Mr. Rlckards' com pany at tho Tivoli, and she will make her first ap pearance to-day. Miss -Weir will bo ono of tho principals- in tho Christmas pantomime at the Tivoli. Tho matinoo In, aid of the sufferers by tho Gal veston horror, organised by Sir I-I. Irving, which took place at tho Drury Lane Theatre on October 16, was an enormous success, the proceeds amoun ting to nbout.£1300. Nearly all the principal per formers in London assisted, amongst therii Sir Henry Irving, Messrs. Bc-erbolim Tree, George Alexander, Henry Neville', Lewis Waller, Misses Marie Tempest, and Fay Davis. Miss Brenda Gib son, well kuown in Australia, was amongst the performers. MJ. Charles Holloway, now on bin way back to Australia, saw tho performance, aud describing it to a friend, ho says, "I sat for five hours entranced with what I saw. But Dan Leuo (who made 'a few remarks') is absolutely tho finest pick-me-up In tho world." Mr. Williamson has received a cablo message from Miss Maud Jeffries stating that she is anxious to pay another visit to- the colonies. To a question, "Will that anxiety bo gratified?" Mr. Williamson says, "It all depends.". Miss Peggy I'ryde has cabled to Mr. Rlckards to postpone her reappearance In Australia until next June, and the Tivoli manager -has con sented. A new "Fun on tho Bristol," with some up-to- date specialities, including "living pictures," is to be tho programme tar the reopening of the Lyceum Theatre by. Mr. J'. F. Sheridan and hla company next Saturday,. -Following -this will be a production of. Bouclcault's "Sliaughraun," with Mr. Sheridan as Conn. Tills will carry tho sea son up to Christmas, and a musical comedy, "The Topsy-Turvy Club," will then be presented. The comedy will -bo brightened with marches, ballets, etc. . Another American trio — Johnson, Rclano, and Bentley — arc on their way from America, to join Mr.. Rlckards' Company. .. ' Miss Grace Parlota, whom Mr. Willlomson's manager, Mr. Tallin, writes is "delighted to bo back in Australia," arrived at Melbourne last week, and she- is to make her reappearance In Australia in Lady Holyrodd, in "Floradorn," which is to be played by the Royal Comic Opera Company, at Her Majesty's, Melbourne/on either tho sth or 15th December. 