a T h e S h a d o w o f F e r n b r o o k . " A Romance of Maoriland. [all bights beserted.J PROLOGUE. THE BDKNING S0H00NBR. By Atha Westbury. On the evening of the 10th December, 18—, the " Durham Castle," merchantman, 2000 tons register, lay like a huge log upon the waters, in the breathless stillness of a tropical afternoon, when the air was hot and heavy, and the sky brazen and cloudless; there was not a puff of wind to ruffle the surface of the ocean; upon which the ship rose and fell with; the monotony ^of a clock's pendulum. The sun had just got low enough to peep beneath the awning that covered the pooprdeckj and spread his rays athwart the- figure of aman asleep on the cabin skylight. Save for the man at the wheel, and another at the quarter-railing, the sleeper was alone on the deck. The ship- rolled and lurched on the heaving sea, her idle sails flapping against the mast with a regular recurring noise, and her bowsprit rising higher with the swell of the water, only to dip again the next moment with a jerk. The "Durham, Castle" had been sixty-five days out from :the Land's' End r - and was fast approaching her destination when a dead, sleepy calm environed the vessel, as if she had entered the Dead Sea. The .appearance of the ship differed in no wise from that of an ordinary ocean liner, except,., perhaps, that she carried a" more thai* ordinary comple- ment of passengers. The intense heat had driven these below," some to indulge incardsandothergaines,some to read, and the remainder to sleep, like the man reposing • on the cabin skylight. By-and%ye, as the sun sunk lower dowfluon the vast area of -golden azure, this, parsonage awoke. Stretching himself after the manner of a ponderous ape,, he threw a quick glance upward at the flapping sails3 and then called out—* " For'ardj there!" ''Aye, aye; capt'n," replied the man forward. "Pass the word for Mr. Jones," he cried. 1 Then, rising and advancing^ towards the binnacle, he said, "No sign of a change yet, Benson." "None whatever, captain," responded the- man at the wheel. " There isn't as much, wind as would fill a paper balloon." - - Mr. Jones, the chief officer of the " Durham Castle," a bandy-leggedj bigbearded,' -gruff-voiced son. of Neptune/ waddled on .deck, .and drew-near his superior officer, Captain Jepp Bowman. "Reef the topsails and'haul fast the foresheet and Jib, Mr. .Jones; w« may as well make everything snug for the night," said the" skipper. 'Hie commotion overhead aroused the attention ' 'of tlxe passengers, who flocked'on deck to watch, and some -to help tW crew'in taking in sail. Many iwere here who cast anxious-looks over the'broad expahse of water' in'search of tbe 'first glinipse of that new land, which -for the 'future .was to be' their home.;; Others tliere were, and of these not a 'few," who were * returning home again-from a "visit to that' older and former -home.- The colonist, the< emir .all sun go down into they vast/s in all his "glory of 'erimsoiTafia^golC 1 "Bbwi^many^ays '^Before W n port, -captain?" asks a ^tall, huriy sheep farmer,.xeturfdng to station on the.Patea from "a "trip to Scotland. "W«U;;*pTeekoB _ if we" have mo "better wind 6thair_ we've had lately/ we shall reach, Auckland ^about, Tib's Eve, which, f-fey the' way, is neither before nor after*'Christmas," replied he, laughing. "Oh, but I trust to eat my Christmas dinner at * Glenbrock^ with the missus L and wee 'uns," 'added' the farmer. • j. j r "I hoper so," "rejoined Captain Bowman; „ "a cat's-paw will- waft us iirto port, if we can only^get it." "Then we are<near land?' 3 " "Very near. According to my calculations, the Great Barrier is.aiot a hundred knots distant; I expect to sight its- peak" ev«5ry houri"" The news soon spread, -an<J when the dinner-bell "-rang, there assembled a gladsome- array of faces in the saloon and 4 in the.fore jpart of. the ship to congratulate "eafeh other that the ond^ofthe long T and tedious" voyage was drawing near. " Darkness t&mfe; apace, with hosts of stars, which wfefe mirrored on the bosom -or the glassy sesf, like unto some wonderful fiooir studded with diamonds. On deck the 'passengers were .standing in knots, laughing and chatting and smoking.' * "Fine, night!" jsays one of these, a well-made, soldierly-looking old.gentleman, "Striding up to <the captain, and joining his pace with that of ihe skipper. "No sig^s pf-a breeze yet, though, Colonel Langroove." " How provoking." Ju$t> then, from out of the violet haze that hung over the horizon, a strange glare of light, broke. "Hallo! 5 ',cries the colonel, "did you see that?"'*"'" " " Captain Bowman rubbed his eyes. " I saw it distinctly—a Hash of light/' qfficer, saw something Jikerthat beforje d/iraer. There nwist ^e^thTande^ in the? jair-' je- «pondfedC¥he he^jfesed into his c^in'for 'lSs^i^t=-glas^. v Ere ?ihe-43ldpper f feturried, a thin streak of li^it shot up for- an. instant,; then sank agaiq. The captajua had seen it. Placing; hi^ glass" in the' direction, he looked long and feirefully. "What is it, .sir?" interrogated: the colonel. "I can hardly make it out," replied the captain, still looking intently through his glassv " There -seems to rest a tiny black cloud on the extreme end of .the western horizon, and if it was not for the crimson - sky, I should, say there was flame with the cloud." "What! Not fire?" "Aye!" hour later one simultaneous exclamation burst from all the watchers on deck. Fromout the gloom there rose a column of flame that lit up the might for a brief period, and then fell, leaving a dull red spark upon the water. "It is a ship on fire, gentlemen!" criSd the captain, and in the same breath an order was given to lower a boat. The long boat was in the water in a few minutes, and Mr. Jones stood by the gangway- awaiting further orders from his chief. "She does not appear to be a very large ehips" ^responded the captain, in answer to a question put by someone near. " A fore-and-aft schooner, I should say, by the out of her; but she is a long way to leeward. Mr. Jones 1" "Aye, aye, sir." "Put a keg of water and a flask of brandy aboard, then call the watch;" .. "Poor devils; they will be roasted like chestnuts," muttered the colonel, as the glow in the sky became more and more intense. "They've got their own boats," Bays Captain Bowman, coolly, .and: you may be certain they will make use of them. Ini the meantime, I'll show them that there's someone near. There! they'll see that," he addled, as a rocket rose upward, with its ghastly flame in the air. Y"Mr. Jones, man the long boat- with six men. You may take a volunteer or two from. any' of these gentlemen willing to go with you." In a moment a score proffered their serviees, but only a relay for the six oare were selected, and the boat pushed off into the darkness. The sea appeared like oil, rather than water. Ht^e foamless billows rolled onward without a: sound—nay, the very stillness of the air seemed emptied of sound, save for the dip of the oars, which was re-echoed in space by a succession of strange impressions hke voices. The men pulled with a will. As the blades struck the dark element it flashed fire, and the track of the boat resembled a sea snake writhing through a lake of silver. "Give way, lads!" urges _the mate, with a cheery voice, and the rowers, with set teeth and' compressed 3ips, J propel the little vessel along' with the; speed of -a steam -yacht. IBy-and-bye they are in a cloud of smoke, which hangs over the crimsoned waters, and the order is given to ease off a little. The burning ship is close at hand now. Mr. Jones wonders that no hoats have been met with, liaising his voice, he bids his exhausted crew lay on theiroars, then hails the burning vessel. She is a large, clumsily-built schoon- er, with great breadth of beam. Tho&gh; the fire had only been seen but an hour ago by those on the "Durham Castle," the craft was already a-wreck, and appeared completely deserted/ Amidships and the lower deck wiere one' mass of flame. Her ports presented great charred rifts and gaps, where the red-hot fire glowed as through the bars of a gigantic furnace. The masts had gone by the board, and trailed a blackened _ wreck on the water. The flames still roared like a cataract, amidst huge "volumes of smoke, winch rolled away, like a cloud, over the sea. The mate pulled" slowly round the stern, and hailed the deck- again and again. Still .there was no answer, though the* flood of light struct out every spar and rope as distinct and clear as the noonday. "What is her name, men? Can you see it?" roared the mate, through his hands, as the boat drew nearer. One of the men in the bow stood up, and, shading his eyes with his hands, called out— i { It -is the c Seagull,' sir J" "The Seagull! From where?" " Sydneyr' again cried the bowman, amid the roar of the r flames. "That will do. Baclc water, men. Round with her. There is not a liv-- ing soul here," cried "the officer, and he gave the order to pull back to the- "Durham Castle." Mr.! .Jones was mistaken, though. Through the gloom, and shrouded in the cloud,of thick smoke, two men. lay to in a heat. The oars were in their hands, but they did not use them. With straining eyes, these two personages watched the r-movements ot ;Mr., Jongs - and his companions/ - with all .absorbinginterest.- One©; Twhen\the mate passed neai on his return, one of them ,'his; hand,- as^if jbou call: out, TjutTEhe other, with a quick movement/-seize'd him ' by -the throat, and muttering in a smothered, angry tone, "Fool! would you hetray us?" held: him down until the rescuers had passed by and left Jshe lurid mass but a red speck in the distance. When day broke, these two solitary men hoisted an old tattered sail they had with them in the boat, and sailed away from the -charred wreck of the illfated . schooner, steering, a course almost due west. CHAPTER I. feknbbook: No spot in the whole southern hernia sphere can boast such a hold, rugged, and imposing coast line as New Zealand. On its most northern ledge towers the' Great Barrier Robk-4-the first point on Which the ocean-tossed mariner rests his eye—the flrst^land -seen when bearing nip for Maoriland. A strange land tKis. Along its shores the vision encounters huge -and' mystic shapes at every, turn of the sea wall. Here .the colossus of Rhodes; there a ponderous sphinx, arising sheer ahove, its fellows, and., whose base has been' lapped hy the restless waves for a thousand or^m ore yeg^s. Truly a" strange country is this of Te "Waito, the Maori, and the most mystic, and awe-inspiring' "spot - of all is that of the Barrier- Rock. Save the fire mountain of Tongongoro, it is the grandest and' also the highest point in New Zealand. It is a gigantic mount, as large as - Gibraltar, and equally ringed in by the sea,' oxcept at. the; western end, where there is„-a narrow; strip of Kauri forest, which links 'it with the main land. Viewed from the se^,, the Barrier presents the appearance of an exact cone, up to within fifty yards of its summit. - There, the sloping ends. Beyond it is treeless, and as bare and bald as the crown of a friar • other-: wis4 sides of the giant guardian of Maoriland, are densely-wooded to-- the water's ^edge. Singular, indeed, betimes, is the "treeless summit. * Sepned suid scarred, its surface is mottled/ with a dark glaze, which, during ~]tihe sunlight," and even under the mellower beams'of the moon, gives forth a coruscation, as if the lights were reflected from scale armour. Riven rocks, with deep, yawnring chasms, are everywhere around it, and the strange glow is over all. No northern painter in primeval day ever dreamed of forms so mighty, so grotesque, as seemed to look down upon you from the rofiks around. It required only a very meagre stretch of the imagination to people these heights • and depths with a race of Titans, to conjure up the sculptor at his work, jrude though it may be, after all the countless ages thfifc have passed. On the southern side of the Barrier, and within a mile of that narrow neck of earth, which joined the .great rock to . the main land, stood a large and solidly built mansion. -Its position was a broad, sloping ridge, which ran parallel with the base of the mount for more than-"half its entire length; overlooking a lively valley. The architectural style of this building was almost as quaint and: as stmjjg the natural walls of rock surrounding it. Thirty-years previous to the opening of this story, Colonel Harry Fernbrook —a handsome, dashing spendthrift, who had run through a large fortune in London—spld his commission, and with the money emigrated to New Zealand, and purchased the Barrier Rock and its adjacent land from old Te Huri, the Maori - chieftain, and there made his future home. Hie colonel, who was a bachelor, had not been settled over a twelve-month at the Rock ere he fell in love, and married Myra Hilton, a Maori halfcaste girl of great beauty, and an heiress to immense wealth. Qke son only was the issue of this marriage, Hilton Fernbrook; The boy was sixteen years old when he lost his parents by a boating accident off the Barrier; during:; a squall, and the responsibility of the youth's personal welfare devolved upon Rita—a tall, silent Maori woman, who had been Mrs. Fernbrook's nurse and chief domestic. A bold, weird-looking landscape is this around the Barrier Rock, with its glistening pinnacles, its far-receding peaks and downs ^of worn rock, with the setting sum full upon them, and lighting up many a gloomy dell below. Here, where the sun glinted upon the face of the cliff, an iris might be seen shining amidst the fleece-like vapour. But rare was the eye that beheld this beautiful phenomenon, for the place had the reputation of being haunted. Few there are in our day who helieve in ghosts. This go-ahead era of -telephones and telegraphs has grown out of all that. We nave become too matter-of-fact and practical for such humbug. Nevertheless, he was a bold .fellow who would venture alone into 'the dim and dismal -region of that .ravine, and not feel the influence of, the plsfce "upon his nerves.' It was evident that some daring; mortal-had ignored the peril, for a tiny spiral column of smoke could be seen ascending from the haunted depth of the ravine upward to where a land of stairway was traced formed of creepers,* the outstanding stems serving as steps. Jit was only by standing upon the v$ry outer iedge above, and parting the foliage that screened it that the smoke ootdd be seen; and, if only superficially observed, it might easily have been mistaken for a strong waif of the fog.that floated above thp waterjail hear which it rose. Closely scrutinised, however, its blue colour and soft, filmy haze rendered it recognisable as. the smoke of a wood" fire, and one that must have been made by human hands. Under the branches of a large kauri standing by the jedge of the lagoon, a canoe of rude construction was moored by a twisted piece of supplejack attached to the tree. Nor was this the only indication of the presence of man. dose ^under the cliff, and near where the torrent came tumbling down from the rocks, stood a kauri pine ,of enormous dimensions. Its~ buttressed trunk covered a surface .of more than forty feet in diameter, and the bole rose nearly to the brow of the cliff, with a thick foliage upon it which -completely shut, out the view overhead. Beneath it stood a whare, or Maori hut, constructed of flax thongsand rushes', with a door opening out to the path up the rock. Few and simple, indeed, were the articles of furniture in this primitive abode. A couch 'made from two poles. interlaced with dried flax and fern thereon, formed a bed, a Sheet of bark placed upon four stakes for a table, and a kauri log for a seat. Save an old tin. kettle and one or two utensils, there was nothing else in the establishment in the way of goods and chattels. Against the walls hung a variety of singular objects. ~ The -skull and tusks of a boar, enormous hats, with human-like faces, snakes, "strings of teeth and beads, and quaint imagescarved in wood. Squatting by the door of the whare tioiis; ^ M ^fripitfiMy ^ tattboe"d voveri every^part of his face. Between his' broad shoulders was set a bull-like? head almost neoHess. This personage was evidently waiting and watching for the appearance of some one expected by way of the cliffy for'at the slightest? sound he would crane himself and listen intently. At stich times his hack was hent like a bow, presenting a great hunch, partly the effect of advanced age, and partly from natural malformation. The Maoris costume was in keeping with his abode. A short, thick" tamha of mica, jack boots {much worn), together with Mi /blanket, formed into a toga, completed his costume. At his hand stood a double-barrelled gun, with shot hag manufactured from the skin of some "Vild animal. Whoever the individual might be for whom the -old Maori watched and waited, he did not appear to hurry, for the sun began" to dip into the sea away beyond the Tonga Reef ere the expected personage made, his appearance. In the - fast-deepening twilight the form of a man appeared at the apex of the cliff, who gave a peculiar cry, an imitation of the toho. The Maori below sprang-to his feet immediately at the sound, and began climbing up the face of the jaggied rock with<• astonishing . rapidity. The lagoon reached, he unfastened the canoe from its moorings, and 'paddled across to where the man stood for whom he had been waiting. There was just light sufficient to see that this latter personage was a little, hardy-looking man, young, and with a form as lithe and supple as an eel. His face, though bearing no particular indications of manly beauty, denoted both daring and cunning in a remarkable degree, otherwise there was nothing to mark the man from any ordinary mortal, except when he opened fhis mouthj then one' felt a : disagreeable sensation, as may be felt at the-growl of a panther or the croak • of a raven. t In a yery short time the pair recrossed 'the lagoon and descended the cliff. Not a word passed between them till they reached the hut." ^Ehere the Pakeha threw himself upon "the rude couch and emitted a long whistle of relief. "So this is the Great Barrier, is it?" he cried, with a mild irony in his unpleasant voice. "I -guess I've seen some few places on this globe besides New Zealand, but hang me as high as Captain* Bragg, if I ever saw anjthing to compare with this. There isn't a level yard of terra firma on the entire rock. If one wants to go over the way to visit one's neighbour, although there; are no neighbours hereabouts that 1 can see, you can't do it under five or six miles' climbing. Faugh!- Give mfe a match, Bosco." The huge Maori grinned, and at the same time handed his white companion* a curiously-carved "box containing vestas. "Now, old fellow, I'm going to rest here, for half-an-hour," continued the little man, lighting a cigar, and handing another to his companion. " In the interim I want you to see that the gear is put into the boat all Teady for k a start." "What, to-night?" enquired the" Maori. "To-night, Bosco! The moon will be up in an hour. We will sail when there's light enough, if you please." The herculean savage gave a grpnt peculiar to the Maori race, lit his cigar, a^d jeft the hut. Tfcs ptfcer eat and smoked irv silence for some time, until his thoughts found vent in audible mutterings. "Egad! tins is going the ticket, and no mistake," be cried, taking the (agar from his lips, and apostrophising the curling smoke above his head; " Here am I, Timothy Sharpe, alias the Ferret, and Valletde-Sha.m to his greatness Mr. Hilton Fernbrook, Lord of the Barrier Rock; here am J, ambassador, courier, messenger, forerunner, and what not, to herald the approach of my boss—master, I mean—to this his home, after an absence of five years spent in England, and on the continent of Europe. Ha! ha! ha! it's rare fun to be a gentleman, and to do the grand tour, as the boss and I have: done it for these years past. Ha! ha!" And the idea so ticklcd the risible muscles of the little man that he> rolled over the bunk in a fit of uncontrollable merriment, 'fWellj well. I've done my mission here satisfactorily, at any rate," he said, when he had somewhat recovered himself. "One trump card played, which will go far to win the game, if properly followed up. Now, let me glance once more over mjr instructions to make sure I have missed nothing." "First, to give Bosco, the Maori, a half-dozen lines scribbled in some outlandish fashion, that old -Nick himself could not read it. The savage read it though, and deuced glad and pleased he seemed after it, placed himself at op.ee entirely at my disposal, and he put the missive away in his dirty blanket as if it had been the Eohinoor. Second, received at the house when I got . there^%nd""devilish tired I felt too —scraping my shins against the sharp, steep rooks, received' at the house with open, arms, and especially by that tall, dark old she cat, Rita, the housekeeper. What an eye she has, and what long claws for scratching. Humph! Ferret, you rascal, beware of thatvJMaori devil in petticoats. How" her withered face lighted ~up when I told her that Master Hilton' was coming home. Ah, well! if the place does not suit you, Timothy Sharpe, you can give notice. Ha! ha! ha! Lastly, I am not to delay my-return. Very well, Master Hilton Fprnbrook. The wind is fair for our sixty-mile journey, and I'm glad it is so, for an open fishing boat is not the most safe and comfortable con-' veyance on- the coast of New .Zealand on a.dark night, and with a chopping sea on. Entre nous, Ferret, if the wind holds, the master of Fernbrook shall see the face of his humble servant before to-morrow's dawn." "Who's there?" The harsh voice croaked out the latter exclamation fiercely, and at the same instant a revolver was pulled forth from" the breast of his buttgned-up coat. - - Bahi, only -Bosco- returning," he cried, after'an intense pause. v "This infernal den of peaks and chasms would unnerve the devil himself." He had only time to replace the weapon in his coat when the Maori re-entered the whare. ' * "Well, the boat ready?" " Yes." ""Come, then, lead the way, Bosco," cried the other, risings and lighting a fresh cigar.. "My master gave me positive orders to be. back again at Pukehina by to-morrow morning." The old Maori took his gun, and after securing the door' of his whare, led the way down the ridge of the ravine in silenc§t It was a perilous path even to those, who were acquainted with its intricate 1 * windings^ but, Bosco, who, „ old as he was, hadheen born and reared in its vicinity, guided his oompanitoh safely to the western ledge overlookijig the ^sea. V In a y small, - circular - shaped, inlet,- completely Md,. hyvthe high/ overhang-, ing cliffs abovje i^^^oodly- iizted"-^awJfaffing^lh^ motion of the waves. The/ ITerr^t- and "his companion.-"embarked/ After they had cleared, the cove a large iug sail'was hoisted, "which, catching the breezy sent the boat along,at, the. rate of-six or seven knots an;%our. ' The i Maori held the helm, ; stejer^d^for a promontory opposj^/the Birrifer, Ibut far away in th6 distance, - and on which a tiny speck qf~. light shone over -the* dark waters. For over an hour there was a dead silence between these 'men; then the Maori spoke. "Is the master not well that hp has sent you to .report his arrival? Why did he stay at Pukehina?" "Ah, that's it, Bosco," replied Sharpe, evasively. "Masters do not always consult their servants as to what they intend to do. - They order, and we obey. You will have 'an. opportunity of asking the .boss that same question two or three hours hence; perhaps he may answer you. in a mpre satisfactory manner^ than /[ can. _ One reasoar, no doubt, 5 -Is thatch© has >not_ been very well. The."voyage was "a rough one, and Master Hilton is a bad sailor." The Haori gave an unmistakable grunt of dissent. "The young eaglet always loved the sea," he said, in his quiet tone. .'.'Many a time has he tempted me forth with bribes of tobacco when'the winds roared, and the waters were white with foam.. Hilton Fernbrook hath changed, indeed, if the rocking of a groat ship taketh away his health and strength. "Bosco, you are a Maori, and therefore cannot- understand the changes which, mp-y come to .one by travelling. The master of Fernbrook 'has been absent five -years." "Tut! twenty-five years cannot change men's likes and dislikes," replied Bosco. .„ „ ; „ j "Argued like a Maori," -ened the Jjerret, laughing his discordant laugh; "the hoss is not changed a bit4 spite of all the queer things he has seen. He loves old!" Rita and Bosco, and bears in his regards all the old domestics -who served his father before him." "Ah! Bosco loves the boy,!' grunted ^he old fellow, - in a mollified^ tone. 'When, he~was J „noi higher than this thwart I marked him/ with the eagle' ot Te Papa. Let him travel where he may, he will .remember- Bqscg." - . "Certainly! Now I think of it, there is a tattoo mark on my masters'left" shoulder." J'^ay. the eagle is upon his breast," cried the Madri quickly. ,, "9 f . eourse ; old hian. What am I tlnnking about?" responded the Ferret. See yonder; what light is • that?" he added, suddenly, pointing to' a red glare ^shining athwart the prow of the cutter/'" . "That is the Point Light," answered his companion. 'From that peak it is several miles to Pukehina." "Good! -Here, take a nip out of this flask. , 'Master Hiltora will reward you handsomely for this job, Bosco." CHAPTER n. PEACKXPT WlR, A golden morning, and such al on© as one oijly sees about half- a-dozen times during^ New, Zepl^nd autjimn. The sun. glinting iii; upon the large dijjing hall at Fernbrook flashed back a thousand gold reflections 'from' picture and mirror, and from the costly glassware and plate scattered profusely over the table. It is a noble hall, and of vast dimensions. Its fittings* and furniture ere mostly of Mapri wood? dark in hue, but massive im, their character, and polished like English oak. / Looking round "this apartment: the idea comes to you that the architect who liuilt Fernbrook had erected a feudal castle, and supplied it with all the modern improvements and embellishments of the nineteenth century. : A glorious morning, indeed, the warm sunlight illuminating spacious* courts and galleries with its mellow glow. Out on yonder balcony—where a regiment of the line might parade with ease—what a view! Beneath sward and lake, and giant kauri forest, dim and dark, and set in the midst of a sea of sapphires; East, west and south, ocean and mountain, and overhead the deep blue arch of heaven. Within a grand chamber leading from this balcony, and known as the drawing room at Fernbrookf several persons were assembled on this fine autumnal morning. The room itself, was a long, wide apartment, worthy -a palace; bay windows, deep and roomy as the embrasures of a fort, and curtained with maroon velvet; rare pictures on the walls; exquisite statuettes, in bronze and parian marble; silken couches exhibiting elegant taste in the blending of colours. In short, all that could charm the eye, educate the taste, or give comfort to cesthetic senses, found an appropriate place here. Near to an' open window, upon the sill of which rested a tiny "silver cage, a lady, was employed feeding a canary. She ' was a superbly beautiful woman, not more than twenty-throe yeanr 5S ®t age, tall, and commanding in her proportions. She appeared the breathing personification of that lovely dream sculptured by the famous Hiram Power. Her face was the splendid, passionate, glowing face of Cleopatra, and there was that in the well-shaped brow, eyes, mouth and lip which betokened-mind and culture of a veiy high order. Magnificent in person, lovely in face. Lady Blanche Trevor was also as fascinating in manner as one of the fabled sirens of old. Within the folding doorway plose by =stood the lady's father, Major, the Honourable Bob Trevor, M.P. The major had been twenty years in the colony, was a member of the Ministry, owned many broad acres, and a fine country residence on the Waikato. Mem said that the Honourable Robert Trevor was haughty and distant even to his most intimate friends, but it was conceded at the same time that the major had a kind, sympathetic soul underlying his reserve of manner. Standing here in the full glow of the sunlight, the member for West Auckland presented the appearance of a, tall, stately soldier, handsome yet, though sixty years had passed over him. Oln the opposite -side of the room, and almost'hid hy the thick drapery of the window, stood a young Maori girl, gazing out upon the landscape beyond. It would .have been difficult, perhaps, even in Maoriiaod, wheire the female form retains „ an eminent degree the faultless outline and exquisite roundness of the primeval race, to have paralleled a form so beautifully perfect. She was_ adorned in a costume which lent additional grace to her dark and resplendent beauty. Encircling her glossy raven hair a chaplet of white flowers, shaded the oval features, delicate and pure as those of a Spanish gipsy. A loose robe, woven from the finest mica flax, girded at the waist with a girdle of curious shells, gave the girl a picturesque appearance, when contrasted with the costly morning rohe worn by Lady Blanche Tievor. It was not nor pointier-ever 3r4amed of/-anythinjj| so spirituieUe, so gentle,-ineek and tender. It was the face r of a beautiful woman unconscious of her beauty, and with eyes through, which the soul seemed to he gaging Tor the first time in) much amazement and surprise at this wondrous but wicked-world, For the information of those who are aboijt to visit Europe, let them go to the Moorish city Tof Tangiers. Within the walls; of the D$lgardo they will see a picture, of Isabel de Masquin, the famous., beauty and the heroine of Telba. Here it apr peared as if that old painting had walked out of its gilded, frame, and stood transformed in the'living, breathing image of Te Coro, the niece of Rita, the dark, stern housekeeper at Fernbrook. The Maori, girl had never .known any parent but her aunt, Te Papa, - her father, a renowned chieftain, had lost his lands and his life together in an uparising against the Pakeha. The 'orphan baby had bepn brought to; the Barrier' Rook by a, trusty, messenger 'from' the shattered tribe of the slain chief. She was only two years old; then, but the close, reserved Rita loved the wee thing for the sake of the unfortunate brother. At sixteen Te Coro was not .only beauftiful in person, but*, thanks to her relative,-cultured in mind. She early showed a passiofb for music, which was indulged to. the utmost extent by her friends, Blanche Trevor and her father' among the number. Strange to say, the beautiful Maori could not be induced to adopt the Pakeha fashion of dress, though she was English, in everything elfee, save blood ana name. Perhaps the aunt, had influenced her niece to the contrary. Who shall'say? Dark, cool, and inscrutable, sat the tall figpro pf the Mjaori nprse by the huge fireplace, three parts of a century ,liad she seem, and although it had whitened her once thick blapk hair, and had left deep wrinkles all oyer her strong face, it had not dimmed the latentffire of the dark eyes, or.retarded j the freedom of her movements. Rita had nursed Mrs. Fernbrook when a baby^ had held the colonel's wife-in h^FI arms when'Hilton Fernbrook "first -saw; the light of day, and when that dire catastrophe came which deprived the youth of both his parents, Rita had vowed in her heart to watch" over him till dearth. Over by the piano yonder lounges that same Hilton Fernbrook, toying with the long ears of my Lady Trevor's King Charles. He lyaa a trifle over twenty-one when he started on "le grahd tour," and he has been absent five years, come the' twenty-first of next monthj so the major says, who has a good memory for dates. Looking attentively at the young man, yon observe he is the dead image of that splendid poitrait in oils hanging on the opposite wall. The painting was executed before Hilton Fernbrook left for his trip abroad, but there 1 is no mifftaking the likeness; Over the face of the prodigal the lines are beginning to show dearly, and the deep, black moustache is much fuller than in the portrait, nevertheless it is the same face. No second glance is needed to determine that. A face once seen not to be easily forgotten. In all, a very handsome man; dark, gertainly, wi$h his strain of Maori ; blood, yet with the form and the thews of an athlete. In his very ease there is intellectual predominance, born of that self-same reliance which an unusual degree of physical power is apt to bestow. Some- thing there had been, mental labour, perchance, or sickness, which had evidently left its mark upon .him, but it had im no way diminished his rare, muscular force. A man pre-eminently to be selected from his fellows for feats of activity and strength. You could see the sense of a robust and strong individuality, strong alike in disciplined reason and animal vigour—pervade his every movement. A man habituated to aid others, needing no aid for himself. It was not the strong, supple form of this young man that engaged your attention so much as his face. The. first thing noticeable in it, as a whole, was the unmistakable sign of a will inexorable. No one gazing at his eyes could deny their power of attraction. Large, bright, and when roused into action, scintillating like those of some: wild animal, it was their very fascination which drew you, as a loadstone, to the man, spite of either antipathy or hate. A disciple of Puysegur or Mesner would have acknowledged; in , the master of Fernbrook a mighty clairvoyant, gifted abundantly with magnetic influence, and that subtle force which holds the will of others in complete subjugation. Watch him lounging in cosy indolence. The brute he is toying with shows? its dislike and its. white teeth together j but it does not bite him;:nor move from his reach. Why? Because it cannot. See, when he raises his full-arched eye to that bright young form by the window! Te Coro is fully ^twenty paces from him, - with her gaze fixed in quite the opposite direction, but she turns suddenly, and meets the magnetising glance, only to dye the soft cheek with a maidenly blush. The mysterious; force is so strong in him that even the major—schooled as be is in the art of "sang froid"—feels its power, must fidget, turn and gaze at this young friend with a curious gleam in his look, puff more fiercely at his cheroot, and conduct himself altogether foreign to the quiet, gentlemanly fashion for which he is famed. There is one person present, however, who does not appear in any way disturbed by the magnetic power of Hilton Fernbrook. Jjet him turn his swift glances upon old Rita as he may, they have no effect - upon her. The Maori dame sits quietly knitting. It is almost her sole occupation now. Betimes she raises her stately head to look his way, and as she does bo, the smile fades from rer withered face, and the black eyes grow hard and cold. The breakfast bell peals out hy-andby, and the guests prepare to descend to the dining hall beneath. There had beon that-quiet pause amongst the company which usually, precedes either of the chief meals of the daiy, and especially if the party happen to be hungry. Hilton Fernbrook rises, and goes to the window where Te Coro stands, and offers the Maori his arm. With a shy, upward glance at his dark, smiling face, the girl accepts the proffered courtesy, and the pair go down the broad stairway together, the others following them. "Don't youi think there is a marked change in Mr, Fernbrook, dad?" whispers the'Lady Blanche to the majer, on whose arm she is leaning. The father pauses and looks steadily at his daughter. "My dear Blanche, Mr. is a very cold term to apply to one who was your schoolfellow, and is to be your husband," he answers in the same tone. "In what manner is our young friend changed?" "I cannot tell you, sir, but there js a 'difference in the Hilton Fernbrook who left New -Zealand Ave, years- ago, and iisjthe;\change€ In. what,?, ''That, I ropeatj i oannot tell "you; M butit is there to me, plainly enough." *'Tut, <a woman's whim," says the major, moving/forward, "Your ladyship was always crotchety from a bahy. I see no difference in the son of my o'd friend, save, .perhaps, that he has grown more manly, and that five years'-travel and study-have improved both the inner and oixter nian in a surprising manner." "Dear dad, I did mot mean to infer that' our newly-returned host is other than Hilton Fernbrook/- she answers, with a smile. "What I do mean is that the youth-who left this rock five years ago has changed his nature without having 'altered either in face or form. When I look at him, it seems to me as if other and sinister eyes gazed back at me through the face" of my young friend and playmate. Do you Tinderstand?" ' "In good sooth, I do not,"^responded Blanche. Try a cutlet and a , cup of <Goeoa. Fasting is not good; it brings in its train aljl sorts and conditions -of morbid fancies. "Come to .after breakfast, and we can talk the matter over." A noble dining hall, truly. At the head of the massive table stood a highha^ked-'chair, carved in Maori fashion. , Above all' other races on the known globe the New. Zealanders are undoubtedly the premiers' ia the art. Te Waito, the sire of the famous Rewi, spent three hours a day on the average for a period, of twenty "years on a figure of wood, now in the hands of the interpreter. Many years must have been spent on the grotesque, lines and fine tracery exhibited on this chair, ere it came into the possession of Colonel Fernbrook. _ It was a, gift - from a 'friendly phieftain years ago, -and lisd neither joint nor maii Jn its cons emotion. * 1 For just one instant the son of Colonel Fernbrook paused before he took his seat therein, paused irresolutely, as if in doubt, or fear, or hoth. Tho hungry company heeded, no such triyial jcircunistance, but -hegan a vigorous attack upoffl the good-things hefor© them. ' * There were not .wanting toasts and neat speeches in honour of the wanderer's return, even at the early meal. If cordial greetings and flattering words of welcome went for anything, then the master of Fernbrook had cause to he proud of such, favourable tokens of goodwill from his friends and neighbours. Those, by the way, had received intimation of his coming a week previously, and were congregated at the Barrier to give him welcome. The recipient of all these courtesies took them very coolly. He performed the honours of the table' with perfegi ease and dignity. Travel had certainly changed the man in this respect, inasmuch as Hilton Fernbrook at nineteen was both awkward in manner, and as shy in disposition as pny unsophisticated village wench. (To Be Continued.) 