H a u n te d H a m ilto n . ? Tbat Hampton Oomt Palace is reputsd to be hsui tcd it. by no means the least of its many and ui doubled attractions, and wiiliin ibe lest few days acme consterne- “ ‘n has been caused by the apparition of spootral band moving over the old i’Jemuh upeeiries in the Guard Ohtm An aitist from tbe South K*nsingtor Museum, who has uotil lately besn eogsged in copying the old tapestries, assarts that a ghostly band—that of a v.‘<>man, wearing, among others, a bean tjfol marquise rin g —frequently appearsd overing over tb» tapeiiry, so unnerving im that he has now discontinued bis ork. I t is generally supposed in the Palace hat it is the hand of Catherine Howard, hose gbost has long been supposed to AQnt tbe galleries. NOT ONLT APPE1B8 BUT 8&BI1E6.; Catherine Howard seems to be rather roublesome, for not. only dots sTm ppear, but sbrieke wiidly through tbe ld mysterious “ Haunted Gallery," It as here tb at she ercapsd from her hamber when imprisoned there before eing rent to the Tower, and ran along to rek an interview with Henry V III., who ee bearing Maes in the chops!. Ju st e she reached the door (fat guatds rieed her and carried her back, while er ruthless husband, in epite of er piereing screams, which were heard lmost all over the palace, continued n devotions unmoved. And in tWs allery a female form dressed in whits ans been seen comiog towards tbe Royal ew, and ju st as ehe reaches it hurries ack with a look oi despair, uttering nearthly shrieks till sbe puses through be door at the end of the gallery. Tbe allery ie now lbs lumber room for old ictures, and as tbe staircase is locked up be voios -of tbe shrieking Qaesn is but arely heard. Another of H enry’e wives, Jans ioymonr, also haunts tbe old-world oom*; a Bpectre has been seen io emerge rom lbs doorway in the Qa«en's old partments, and wander a b .u t with a ighted taper in her hand on tbe stairs, id in the neighboring fiilverstick allery. AND TIT ABOTEBBh Another and better known Hampton ourt ghost, tbe accounts of whose pptarancs are much more definite and ircomBtantial than ere usually forthoming in such casta, it that of Miatress ihbell Penn who, in October, 1638 — xactly a year after Jans Ssymonr'a eath- beoatne foster mother to tbe oung Prir.c* Edward, obe d u d at ampton Oourt m 1662. and was buried n H am pt‘D Church, vhicb was polled own in 1829, and Mistress Penu's tomb irreverently distorted and her ns scattered, although one account tates that tLe body bad previously been emoved. But wbsnaver the dereoration occurred, ertain it is—so the stoiy goes—that, mmediately after tbe shifting of Mistress enn’s momument strange noises, as of a oman working at a apinning-whssl, and uttering tbe while, were heard through be wall in o&e; of ths rooms io ths lares ; partmsnt in the sontb*west wing of Ine alace. When search was made by tbe : oard of W orks in the direction whence ' hese tnysterions sounds proceeded, an ncient, and until then unknown,chamber as discovered, in wbiob an antique pinning wheal was found, and tbs old ak planks ware seen to be worn away here tbs treadle struck tbs floor. Tbe des broached at tbe time teas that, on ant of the desecration of the tomb, er spirit bad returned to haunt ths rooms be bed occupied daring life. WET DID TEST «0HB DICK. No farther manifestations were noticed ntil a tew years ago, when tbe phenoens were renewed, and have since become increasingly frequent and starting. I he low w hirr of an unaeen pinning-wheel, ibe weird mnttwrmgs ot a epulchral voioe, and the stealthy tread f invisible feet have |bq*n beard by any; a u d it is farther affirm'd tbat. istress Penn’s tall, gaunt form, dressed n a long grey cobe, with a hood over her bead, and long bands stretched ont before her, has besn seen iu tbe haunted amber’ This SQpsrnstnral visitation was rendered the more impressive from ih« narrator being a recent arrival at tbe alace, and ignorant of tbs legend. The judgment of evin tbe most sceptial has beau shaken by Mistress SibslIV agaries, and she may oertaioly claim to auk among tbe best authenticated of istorical ghosts — Morning Leader. 