THE SEA-CLIFF TOWERS MYSTERY. BY. J. D. HENNEBBEY. -(All ol10 e rs, r.ed.) CHAPTIER5 XXII. IT is no doubt neooesary there should bo:sneake in life; but for all that wo none of us like them. The private deteootivo is one of them; the self important, high-minded citizeon, who, for the public good, goes about with a gimlet in his pookot to make spy holes so that he may give evidenoo of the ill-deeds of his neighbors, is another; tihe sly boy of the family, who, when he canunot got what he osteoms to be a fair share of the plunder, goes off to tell mother that someone else is eating the jam, fur niehes another example. Theose and others are all more or leoss useful in their way. But It is singular, too, how men of rare ability, and in other respects of dis tinguished qualities, will sometimes develop a habit of harbouring un worthy suspicions, and acquire enough of the sneakl character to annoy and seriously inconvenience their acquain tanoes. From a public point of view, tlle Rev. Christopher Broadfaco was an all-round exceptionally able man. In the pulpit he looked at least half a head taller than he really was, his manner there was subdued and dig nilied, his eloontionary powers have already boon referred to, and leo put anu amount of heanrt and expression into his minietrationls which caused him to be very generally popular with suclh of his parishionors as had no closer knowledge of him. Not that his everyday mode of life invariably mot with disfavour-with the majority of the women folk, and ca few old womon of the maeoulino sex he was a great disciplinarian ; at inquiries into ollaractor, oupecially of young women, and the like, he was an adopt. & potty scandal was moat and drink to him, and a ladies' sowing-mostiug a place of delights. But the broadfaced little man had a very small soul, heoue Grace Strong and the doctor had neover taken to him, and the roader will not be surprised to know that Beatrioe Ballantyno very soon came to share their distrust. Tlhere is always something in the very air of a manl who habitually carries a gimlet in his coat-tail packet which puts honest, thorough-going unsuspicious people upon their guard; and it was so in this ease. He thought himself an eligible suitor for the hand of the mistress of Boa-Cliff Towers, but Beoatrice Ballautyno would no more have mated with snah a man than she would with lher gardener or her groom. A largo-hearted woman like Beatrice might have loved a scapograceo, but she could never have given lher heart to a man silo slsopoted of being a sneak. It is strange, by tie way, that a brother or a sister may bhe so dissimilar in oharao tor. Alice Broadfaco possessed the opposite qualities to her brother, which peohaps accounted for the friendship which existed between herself and Grace Strong. Neither the latter nor the doctor could fool at all cordial to the clergyman, but with the sister they were thoroughly at home. It has been stated that both the detectives and certain ofliorers of the police force had been actively search. ing for Mrs. Dalbort for several days, but without soecess, and yet the very night on wlich 3reoo nod Sey mour brought up the body of Raly mond Ballantyno, sihe was in tihe vicinity of ona-Cliff Towers. Slhe had not hoard of tile arrest of Both Roso dale, and not guessing that the officers of the law were following lier track she had come out to Soa-Cliff in the hope of mooting with Rosedale, there being very important reasons wihy she wished to see him at once. It was quite nine o'clock when, passing across the common, Mr. Broadfano saw a woman in front of him whom he took to be irse. Dal bert; he followed her for some die tance, to find out if possible; but she had hurried on towards Forunvillo. Having seen her enter the house, and knowing that the detectives were basick at the Towers, heo hurried there to give them information which might, he thought, load to her arrest. ?'" "ro was also anotlher induecoment , o thought that Dr. Strong had an unfair advantage of scouring tbohe good graces of Miss Ballantyne, and he wanted an excuse for calling at an un usual hour to learn something if pos sible of the general progress of affairs. Hurrying aoross the sandy common he might have been heard saying to himself: "Dr. Strong is evidently making the best of his opportunities, and will work himself into the favour of Miss Ballantyuo as much as he possibly can. It is a great pity there has been all this terrible trouble at the Towers, but, as the proverb says, ' It's an ill wind that blows no one any good,' and it is oeident Strong is making the most of it." He walked up the avenue and across the lawn to the terrace facing the front of the mansion. Hero, to his surprise, he found the hall-door wide open. There were lights shining in numer ous windows of the house, and the thought occurred to him to walk straight into teo ' haunted chamber,' wher ie he hItd heard the two detectives were quatttcred, and give tlhem the information dircet, without, in the first instaneo, arousing the inmates of the mansion. * "No doubt they have left the entrance door open for tbo sake of the fresh air this hot night," he said. There was no one about, so ho stepped into the hall and coughed and waited a moment; but there was no response. The door leading into the haunted room was right in front of him. He .hesitated a minute, but thnou walked anoross and opened it. A light burnst dimply, and near tohe window he saw a figure sitting in the clheir. "Is that you, Mr. Brnso ?" he asked in a hesitant and apologetioal tone of voico. There was no response whatever. "He must be asleep," he whispered to himself. "And no wonder," he ontlinned, "e' ?eing the time that they have been up, and the knocking about they have had. It looks more like Bruce than Seymour. I will touch him and awaken him." Anyone who has placed hie haud upon the long dead body of a corpoo will know how different the feeooling is when compared to wari, palpitating flesh. On feel ing the shoulder Mr. Broadlace was startled, and at once turned around to look at the face. " My God I" he oexolaimed, "it's Raymond Ballantyne I" He stood for a moment in the dim light gazing at tile fearful thing in front of him, and then turned and absolutely flied. In his haste he col lided against trees and shrubs, but he staggered on more like a drunken man than a highly-rospeotablo clergyman. Onooe outside the big white gate and clear of the grounds, he breathed more freely, but his white lips were compressed, and he quickeoned his pace homeward. " That awful place I" he ejaculated, "I'll'never again cross the threshold of it. The Septimen Dorset episode was bad enough; then Dr. Strong disappeared for a time, and now the detoctivos are gone, and in their room there is a corpse or ghost of Raymond Ballantyno. Mystery and horror upon horror." "Christophor, whatever is the matter with you 2" exclaimed Alice Broadface, when her brother staggered rather than walked. into the parlor where she sat waiting for him. "Bring me some brandy, Alice," he said. Without a word ohe hurried into the dining-roorm for the spirit. He drank nearly half a tumbler of it at a draught. " I am only a bit faint and exhaus toed," he said " don't ask any questions until the morning." When the morning' came, however, he was just as reticent. " I was feel ing tired and ill," was all that his sister could got out of him. The fact was his previous experience of the mystery of ScaOliff Towers had been seffiioent to detirmino him that in his ease " the least said the soonest mended," and hbe resolved to keep his own counseol ; ihe had seen no one, and as far noas he know had not been seen, so whetller what he had soon or felt was ghost or corpse, he would not be drawn further into the ghastly affair. " Good heaven I" lie exclaimed to himself, " to think of the crimes that must have been committed in that house- what an inheritance for a woman I" Mr. Broadfaoo was not wrong in re. gard to Sea-01iff Towers being a singu. lar inheritance for a woman. Yet it is women who, more often than not, become the possessors of the results of crimes which moll have committed; and under such burdens there are few men who will carry themselves with the composure and patient fortitude which most women will. They who under the little ills of life chow impatience and petulance so quickly will often, when confronted by a series of overwhelming disasters and misfortunes, display quiet, patient heroism, which commande attention and respect. When Beatrice was made aware of the full details of the story which the detectives hod to tell, and know that the corpse of both her unloe and her late legal advisor and would-be suitor lay in the north end chamber of the house, she was horrified, and felt that the burden was greater than she could bear. Fortunately Dr. Strong was very much better, and he and Grace were able to advise her, and the pain ful iucidents associated with the in quest were made as little distressiog to her as possible. She bore up won derfully under the shook. The inquest which was hold in a room of the only hotel that the village boasted, lasted for two days, the jurors spending an afternoon in the inepoo tion of the fateful bod-chamber and its surroundings, from which two men, at least, had deosoended to their death. The proceedings were greatly pro tracted, through the difliaulty of the jurors arriving at a verdict. The de. tootives were simply staggered at the the position, for there was absolutely no evidence forthcoming which could be encoeosfully used in support of a charge of murder. Mrs. Dalbert was still at large. By the advice of hia solicitor, Seth Rosedale gave no evidence in the case, as he was under arrest on a charge of murder. But the question suggested to the jury was, how could it be proved to have been murder ? Neither, the dry, mummified form of Raymond Ballan. tyno nor the corpse of Soptimus Dorset showed marks of violence even under post-mortem examination. Dr. Strong saw no assailant, and could only give evidence that violence was offered him by some person or per sons unknown; beyond the revolver having been dashed from his hand by something or someone, he know of little which suggested any promedita tod violecuoe to himself. Raymoud Ballantyne might have died a natural death, and Septimus Dorset might have mot his death by accoidentally falling into the shaft of the blow-hole; they were twelve men of ordinary 'intelligence, and they spout hours in carefully considering the case, but after all their delibera tions, they could not find it on their oonsoionoes to return other than an an open verdict. A clover lawyer would no doubt have elicited a good deal more from Miss Ballantyno; but she was in a weak statn of health and much dis tressed over the painful affair. The detectives did not press matters, for they were anxiously hunting for Mrs. Dalbert, and they intended to reserve their strength for the trial; they had obtained two remands ini thebo eane of Seth Rosedale, and bail was refused. In their experience of orime and criminals they had never mot with a more baffling ease; everything pointed to a carefully-planned and cleverly.executed serios of orimes, and yet there was thus far no actual proof that any crime hlad beeoon committed, and it was possible that even the arrest of Mrs. Dalbert might not yield any fresh evidence of import anoo. Probably, also, there had never been a ease more exasperating to the publia mind than this in the oiminal ecoords of the colonies. It was a mystery of the first order, and most people wanted to prove that it was a criminal mystery, but, unfortunately, the evidence fell short. However, the deaths of two men were to be accounted for, and the police hoped that they could rake up eunfoiont evidence to convict Seth Rosedule, so, by dint of unusual effort, they secured his committal for trial and not only the legal world, but the general public awaited anxiously the outcome of the trial. Dr. Strong, Miss Ballantyno, Grace Strong, the Rov. Chrietopher Broadfaco, Donald Dorset, and a number of other wit neseso, were bound over to appear and give evidence. The one thing which especially irritated the curious was that the subterraneous eaves, &o.;, below Sea. Cliff Towers, were not accaesiblo to outsiders. Adventurous individuals risked their lives in attempting to discover the means of access from the rooks, and on calm days, at low tide, all sorts and oonditiones of men might have been soon groping about, on the look-out for the en trance to the underground pas sage; but, strange to say, either their pluck or sangnoacity failed them, for no one seemed able to discover it. Tihe fact was, the rugged front which the rocks presented to the ocean was so seamed, and sored, and indented with oaves and fissures that it was a matter of no ordinary hazard to attempt to find the place at all. Yet foolllardy individuals persisted in the search upon the slippery surfaces, wilth the great rollers of a treacherous sea breaking behind them, until the police were compelled to put up notices warning the public off the dangerous quest. Mtss Ballantyno, on Dr. Strong's advice, stoutly refused any access to the subterranean rooms from the Towers. The police were the only persons who were allowed accenoooss to the rooms nessociated with tile mystery, and William was occu pied for days together in defending the place against crowds of reporters, and photographers, and curious in dividuals, who camo prepared with flashblights and all other necessaenry appliances to take photographs of the bedroom, and lift, and caves, and even the subterranean blowhole, and great tas their astonishment and indigna. tion at being mot with a refusal. As it was, extorior photographs of Miss Bal lanutyno's inheritance appeared in overy illustrated journal in the colonies, and any fresh news concerning "The Mystery of Sea Cliff Towers " proved the best moans for weeks of working off a late edition of the evening papers. Dr. Strong and the Towers house. hold were all of opinion that both Raymond Ballantyne and Septimns Dorset had mot their deaths by unfair means. But the proof was wanting, and indeed also the motive of a crime on the part of Seth Rosedale, so in his own quiet way Dr. Strong set. himself to disoover more about the matter. CHAPTER XXIII. It was, no doubt, a tangled sehoin that Dr. Strong had set himself to unravel, but he had several powerful incentives to perseveranoo. He had only narro~"ly escaped with his own life, for the hand that bound him when unconsoious would undoubtedly, but for Mrs. Dalbertb have left him there to die. Thou, too, his interest in Miss Ballantyno urged him to seriously at tempt the solution of the mystery; and one set upon it, he found to his intense satisfeotion that the mistress of the Towers was just as eager to obtain the solution of the mystery as himself, and that the pursuit brought him into very close and confidential intercourse with her. Happy is the lover who can find a common subject of study or pursuit with the mistress of his heart. Espooially if its character is such as to lead her to defer to his judgment and experience, and cause her to look to him for continual advise and guid ance. This was the present state of affairs at the Towers, for both Beat. rice, Grace, and the doctor had com mitted themsoelve to tlie investigation of. the mystery; but it was Misc Ballantyno and the doctor who were the real principals in the iuquiry. It was a very good thing for Beatrice that events had so turned out, for in the doctor she had one to relieve her mind in regard to the part heo had played in the ease of Septimus Dorset. " Did it never oour to you that Mr. Dorset may have had far more know ledge of affairs down here than he told you of ?" asked the doctor the follow ing afternoon of Beatrice. Miss Ballantyno had been telling Dr. Strong what she could remember of her interviews with Septimus Dorset, and she recalled the feeling which she had, at the time, of something having been kept back by him. " My own opinion," said Dr. Strong, " is that there has been adeeply.laid plot, extending back over a number of years, and that the death of Soptimus Dorset was almost as essential to its sucoess as that of your uncle Raymond. I would very much like to see this Seth Rosedale ; if he is the chief actor in this tragic series of crimes, he must be a remarkably elever and accomplished criminal." Boatrice felt that the doctor was avoiding any reference to her own share in the tragic end of the lawyer, and hankered, with feminine portin acity, for some expression of opinion from him. " What do you think I should have done doctor, when I discovered that there was a secret lift in the north bedroom ?" she asked. " Under the circumstances, it was most diffioult to have known what to have done. You had no friend to ask advioe of except your lawyer, and he did not prove himself exactly a friend nor as open and candid in regard to your lato unole's affairs as he might have boon. It would no doubt have been better had you warned him, or in some way have put him upon his guard; but as a lawyer, he ought to have been upon his guard, especially knowing what he did about the place and its surroundi tgs, and your uncle's relations with Mrs. Qalbert." You do not blame me, then, for bringing him out here that night," said Beatrice, softly. "No, I don't," said the doctor, stoutly, " at least, not under the cir oumetancee. He know that he had na difficult onase in hand, and should have beea upon his guard. Do you think that when a dootor in called in to attend some hard case that he is met with a caution to be upon his guard and protect himself against contagion? Not a bit of it; he has the case in hand professionally, and takes the risk." Beatrice felt that there was a bit of sophistry in this special pleading of the doctor's, but it pleased her. She felt, too, that he at any rate was on her side, and something told her that he would think little of risking his life for her. In fact he was to be trusted out and out. The days passed quickly, and al though Dr. Strong was quite recovered he and his sister continued guests of Miss Ballantyne at the Towers. Neither Beatrice nor her household would have oared to remain there without the sturdy presence of the doctor, whoso ringing voice and cheer. fnl demeanour had a wholesome effeoot upon everyone. Grace, too, was oheerful, for it was evident to her that there was some thing more than friendship growing up between her brother and her now found friend-for the mutual liking of the two girls had developed into genuine friendship. Neither Beatrice nor Grace were disposed to sudden likings, as some girls are; but in this case there was so much in their lharacters and dis poeitions which suited each other, that what at another time and under other circumstances might have taken months to developo, was aocom plished in a few days. There was very little said, and very little demon stration, but each felt that they were to the other as sisters, and that it was a friendship 'which would continue throughout their lives. The doctor noted this with keen satisfaction, but said nothing to Grace. In facnt, like most of 'the lasting attachments of lifo, it was a thing of intuition and feeling all round, rather than of words. Dr. Strong knew that his love was given to Beatrice, and he believed that it was to some extent already returned; but neither by look nor word in any way was the emotion of the heart roe vealed. Nor would it be for months to come. In such a case, a man like the Rev. Christopher Broudfao would have stumbled into a declaration in a day -and possibly have spoiled every thing; but not so the doctor. He would have the sacred dawnlight of love protracted as long as possible. In lands where the sun lingers longest upon the threshold of the morn and eve the day is longest. In these hot Australian lands the sun leaps into the heavens, and day com monceo its passionate life and move ment with scarcely any prelude or introduction. But in more northern regions the daybreak is a thing of de liberation and gradual development. And those sacred hours of sunrise, who would forego ? Love at first sight by no means demands a declaration at the first opportunity. The strongest soule are those that can wait, feeling the joy of loving and being loved, when, as the Psalmist puts it-" There is no speech nor language, and their voice is not heard." The divinest moments in Nature's lifre are those which precede the actual rising of the sun. And so with the noblest emotions of the heart and mind. It is the joy of those days wbhen two hearts beat in union, and in silence, which is longest and most dearly remembered. Alas, for the im patienoo of life I How much it loses to the young and thoughtless and in experienced. Not. without suffering and self-denial and discipline is the .highest good of life enjoyed. Enough, however, has been said to indicate the state of affairs which was inow fast developing between Beatrice Ballantyno and John Strong. It was the subtle growth of two matured minds towards each other. If un disturbed, the natural result would be that the two would become merged into one. The old adage Eaye: " The course of true love never did run smooth," but that is because the world is so full of busybodies, and other jealous and obnoxious individn ale. It must not bhe imagined by the reader that the doctor entered into the ghastly details of the Towers' mystery with Beatrice as a matter of ordinary conversation. It was only at set and opportune times that the matter was discussed, although it was probably seldom out of their thoughts. "Mrs. Dalbert has been arrested at last," said the doctor gravely to'his sister and Beatrice one afternoon about a week after the inquest. " I am almost esorry," said Beatrice. "Bootiuse you think that she was the moans of saving my life ?" said Dr. Strong, quietly. " Yes," said Beatrice. "I am sorry too, on that nacceount," said the doctor, " but I think that without her there would have been a missing link." "Whore wae she arrested ?" asked Grace. " In Sydney, and almost within a setone's throw of a polioe-station," said the doctor, smiling. " She will be brought up at the police court to-morrow, and we shall all have to appear as witnesses," he continued. The result of the preliminary pro ceedings.at the court the next morn log was that Mleta. Dalbert was com mitted to take her trial with Seth Rosedalo for the wvilful murder of Raymond Ballantyno and Septimus Dorset. (To be coleinccrd.) 