BREVITIES. The ttsunl fortnightly Council mooting is due for noxt Monday night. Yale of Clwydd coal shares wero Bold last Tuesday, on the Sydney Exchange, at 6s. The laying of the water supply connection pipes to Hcpplc's Flat has been finished during the .jvoek. . Tenders are invited. ;in tliisissuo for the' annual contracts for the supply of provisions' to the various government institutions. Tho name of Mr. J. T. Loo should havo ap peared in the list — published on page 6 — of those who attended Wednesday night's banquet. Mr. W. J. Leybourno advertises thnt.lio may now bo consulted in phrenology and palmistry nt his rooms opposito Tattcrsall's hotel, in Main- street. Wo notice that a sum of All lis has boon re ceived by the lion, secretary of tho Bushmen's Contingent Fund, Sydnoy, per Mrs. Abbott, Wallorawang. Tho railway ghoHt scare has died out. Thoy say now that tho ghost was a man, nfter all. . The next ghost that appears will be-lrcated very; V : disrespectfully'. ::i //' ' The fortnightly meeting of ' the Lithgow Dis trict Benevolent and Poor Bcliof Socioty will be hold in tho Lodge-room, Oddfellows Hall, noxt Tuesday afternoon at three. Wo hoar that an important' case, under the Coal Mines Regulation Act (concornirig tho ap pointment of chcclcwcighman) is sot down for hearing at next Tuesday's court. Tho weather still remains beautifully fino, but /_ , the frpst is, now commencing. The season, how- 'dy'cr,t is a£goo'd: one, and reports from -/various'' C fanning centres' ore most oricouraging. - j .. ;>>Thoro wore' no small debts' ensos at tlio local:- /'"' court this week. Some'- Mercury subscription. cases which/" aro on the ' books will,' if riot ;.v, previously. settled, bo dealt With next week. ' Rates for ordinnry labor must be protty low in Katoomba when tho Council can got a man, horse, and cart for 7s 9d por day. . Neither the owner nor :liis horso will get-very fat at. this wage. Wo arc requested by Messrs. E. H. Taylor and Co. to call attention to tho important sale of sheep and cattlo nnnouncod by that firm for Thursday, tho 17th inst., at tho Corporation Yards, Bnthurst. Mr. E. M. Cohan, C.P.S., has been granted three months' leave of absence,' to commence from tho 17th inst. Mr. J. H. Hassoll, of tho Wntor Polico Office, will tako up tho duty here. Mr. Cohen will spend his. loavp mostly in .tlio western districts. At tho copper refining works tlmjurnaces, in cluding tlio waterjaoket, aro going as usual. At4 tho eloctrolytic works soino preliminary trials have heon l.uado. .Mr. Longworth says-thnt.it will bo'somb time 'yet before bvcrythirig will' bo comploto and ready for permanent work. The following applications were lodged at the local lands office during the week : — Edwin John Cunynghame, of Edith, applied for an annual lease of 640 acres in the parish of Duckmaloi. Edward Humphries, jr., of Lidsdale, applied for an annual lease of 640 acres, parish of Lidsdale. Wo henr that at tho conclusion of tho Municipal Appeal Court on Tuesday tho assessors thanked tho P.M. for his fairness and im partiality in doaling witli tho cases, while tho P.M., in turn, complimented the assessors on tho nmnifost oflicioncy whioh characterised thoir . work. Mr. H. H. Godwin on Tuosdny roooived a lottor stating that his brother George, well known in Lithgow, was very ill in Bourko. Tho illnoss was diagnosed ns typhoid. Tho patient's torn- poraturo was, at tho time of sonding. tlio lottor, 103 degrees. AIT Mr. Godwin's friends will, wo feel sure, wish him a speedy rccovory. " Wo ' would agriin. urge tho Council to do some- y- thing in regard /to .tho park arid Hassan's Walls .j/- .- road matters., TJib park question particularly v .. Has now " hung fire " for months/and tho soaso'n for offccting any improvements, will soon bo over. As tho trustooship has been vested in tho Council tho responsibility for taking action ro- mains with that body also. Should- to-morrow (Saturday) provo fino, a largo attendance may bo expected at tho outer-, tninuiont to ho held in tho Coonvull public school; Dunn's Cornor. We bear that tho' tickets aro soiling well, and the programmo, which spoaks for itself as being on unusually good and attractive one, has been freely dis tributed in the town and .district. Tlio room will bo illuminated by acotylcno gas,, which will also bo used for tho lantorn illustrating tho " picturo " sougs. Tho tickot holders who come from a j distance will appreciate tho action of the manag ing committco in having refroshmonts served before tho company separates for home. Messrs. Williams and McCall, bakers, of Main- street, have removed their place of business two doors to tho west of their lato premises. They intend to pull down the wooden building lately occupied by them, and erect instond a two.-storoy brick building. Mr. McCall anticipates that it will bo four or five months before the erection of tho now building is completed. In consequence of 'the non-arrival of the crane operations at the now steel furnace at the iron works have been on arediiced scalc. Still, how ever, they have turned out fotir casts this week, and the result continues very satisfactory. Tho crane is expected any day. At the bar mills and in the other departments work goes on steadily, and will bo better, when tho stool plant is fully engaged. Alderman Spooner left hero by yesterday's passenger train for Sydney, en route to England. He and Mrs. Spooner were seen off at Eslcbnnk station by a largo number of friends, and tlio band was also there, under Mr. Charlesworth, to play farewell music. Mr. Spooner expects to Icave Sydney on Saturday noxt, and hopes to bo back in Lithgow in about eighteen weeks — about the middlo of September. Mr. W. Forbes informs us that a notice has been put up at Hepple's Flat, inviting the resi dents to meet on Saturday afternoon and discuss tho best moans of getting access to tho town. Mr. Forbes is strongly in favor of tho Albert- street route, and asserts that fully five-sixths of the people nrc of tho same opinion. It is to be hoped all the people will attend, so that, there may be no room for-doubt regarding what they /really desire. V.y Attention is directed -ta tho advert, announcing A special /sale of rapSfs. arid boy#' clothing, nt Bracqyls Excelsior Arcade. Those goods were manufactured at Cooorwull mills, which la suffi cient guarantee of their quality. Four hundred: pounds' wortli was bought last week at a heavy discount for net cash, and they are now ofTcrcd at Bracoy's at a reduction of from 33 to 60 por cent, off regular prices. . There is no puff about this, and those who want to got good cheap winter clothing had better go for tho bargains bofore they aro all " snapped up." Who shall deny the vnluo of advertising 1 In our issue of last Tuesday Mr. Gripper had a small advert.. requesting "the person who took the -biscuilf' barrel frorii Mr: CJapin's sole '! to roturn tho snnio " arid savc further troublb," A signifi cant hint was added :: " The party is known." This morning Mr. Gripper found tho identical biscuit barrel, carefully wrapped in brown paper, placed inside his garden fence. Thus, at the cost of ono small advortisementsomehody'sconscience has been relieved, and the real owner of -the articlo made glad. In the samo issuo (Tuesday's) a small lost advertisement was tho means of re covering tho missing property within an hour (if publication. ... 