A FELON'S FIANCEE. i . .. ? ' BY MAVIS TRENT. CHAPTER. X.-Continued. 'I hope you will bo very happy,' she :! leranrkcd, with agi-avo li'ttlo smile that pirnled her visitor, , ' Ib was a pouring wet day, nud the ? hours dragged somewhat heavily, in the inevitable reaction of the ball. All the visitors, with the exception of Lady Pay tone, her daughter, nndi Sir Jaraos, hnd taken their departure, and the groat chouse- seemed aibout to slip back into its ?usual quiet routine. 'Not as there'll be muchi peaco and quietness when Mr. Lambourno comes,' volunteered Jane, when she- brought up Losbia'9 tea, 'My, he's a caution! You'd never believo as he and my lord ?were brothers, though they do my that, vriotso vory long ago, Mr. Lnm'bourne was , the bettor man of the two, He ? ' But Les'bin, who would never listen to servants' gossip, managed to stop hor re velations without giving offence, llogio soomed so much hotter that she entrusted the first part of the night ?watching' to Jane, and wont to bed at 10 hoping to get a few hours' undisturbed sleep. But, though bIig was too tired to lio awake, her troubles pursued her into dreninlaud, nnd she started up, screaming, with the gipsy's voioe in her ears. 'The dark man. Beware I' it said. And then it merged suddenly into Jane's fa miliar tones, and Losbia found that the girl was shaking- her, 'Witko up, nurse I I'm afraid Master Regie's worsol I don't like the looks ! of himil' she said. Lesbia wrapped herself in her crimson dressing-gown, ami rushed into the sick room, Jane was right. Regie was very ill. Ho lay unconscious, moaning faintly, and the usual remedies proved ineffectual, 'Wo must have the doctor at once!' said Lesibia. 'What time is it?' ' 'A quarter-past twelve,' replied Jane, wth (shattering teeth. 'The servants will be all in bed. They were going early to-night, being tired after the ball. His lordship, may bo still in the library \- J^a up thoro V013r kto- ns a ™le-' Then you must go to- him at onco,' «\id Lesbia; but, to hor dismay, Jane re fused point-blank. 'WI,!'Doij't nsk mo- nurse!' she sobbed. Ihero s not one of us servants as would walk down the north corridor after mid night, and ohanco meetintr mv WIv'b ghost!' v , Her terror was so genuine that it , would havo been waste of timo to ormio the point, so, bidding her stay with Kegio,Los'biamado a hasty toilet, and, wrapping the dressing-gown round her again, to conceal deficiencies, she hur ried away, ^ The inner hall door would, she knew, Je oekeel, so she was obliged to use the ?ftnok stairs, which led into » stone pas sage running parallel with' the north wing, ' She unbolted the door loading into the oak corridor. The library was at the other end, but she could sec a nlim jnor of light under tho threshold, and knew that Lord Uecuyoll was still there bhowns gliding- noisolessly nlon', gathering up hor long rod draperies with one hand, and holding her candle with i tho other when the door that communi-1 cated with the servants' quarters opened nnd shut suddenly, and a tall man, carry ing a lnmp, came swiftly towards her. He had a travelling- rug over his arm, and his- cap was drawn, down over his face; but Lesbia recognised him in stantly, and stood still, literally para lysed with horror. . She saw him at last-thc mm against whom tho voice had' so often utfcefed its mysterious warning. His oruel eyos were fixed on her faco with an expression of mingled terror and rage, that froze the ?Dlpocl in her veins, ( For one endless second' they stood miz ing at «irh other; then, with a shriek of despair, Ledbia foil unconscious at his '' feet, and tho man broke into a wild laugh. 'By Jovo!' he exclaimed, 'it's -real flejhand Wood, and not a ghost, or U.l.,1 Phcn, as Lord ' Reeuyoll ap peared on the scene; ho pulled himself together. 'Hallo, Bevis! I'm afraid I've done ] mischief here. I wns orooping in, un- ' willing to arouse tho house, when I met ' this young lady, who ? ' , ] 'We have boon expecting you. all ^ day, mtemipted Lord Recuyoll, stoop- i ing over the unconscious girl, 'We had ( ? Why, Hugh, this is Regie's nurse. ' ] She must have been coming to fetch me. I'll bring some brandy,' he added, hurry ing back into the library. 'Regie'a nurse V repeated Hugh Lam bourne. He knelt down and raised her head. The wide oollar of her dressing gown fell back as ho did so, and the links of a slender gold chain became visible. A ring and a large old-fashioned locket wore attached to it, and lay shinino- dully against her soft white throat. . The man's faco grew suddenly livid, and, seizing tho chain in no gentle olasp he tried to undo the clasp j but Lesbia, struggling back to consciousness, pushed his hand aside, and covered the locket with her cold, trembling fingers. The action waa quite involuntary, and prompted by somo mysterious instinct. (Is sho bettor?' asked Lord Reeuyell, appoaring with the brandy. His brother rose, scowling, to his feet, and turned aside with a muttered oath. ' He stood in tho background until Lesbia was suffi ciently recovered to explain her errand and stand up, supported by Lord Re cueyll's arm. 'I must go baok to Regie I' she mur inurod, 'You are trembling still,' said! Lord Reeuyell solicitously. 'I ftm niore grieved than I oan express tfcat my bro ther should have been the unintentional cause of your fright, Wil} you gome with us, Hugh?' 'Certainly I Can I be of any assist ance?' asked Mr. Lambourne, offering Lesbia hia arm, ° 'I can walk alone now, thank you,' she said, fastening her collar closer round) her throat, and beginning to recover her prosenoe of mind. She knew that ghe was on the verge of an extraordinary and probably terrible discovery; but her duty just then lay in the sick-room, and, thanks to her training in eelf-oontrol, she waa a.blo to banish everything else from hor mind as she stood, with his father and his uncle, at Regie's bedside. 