ANIMAl UK£S AND D1SUW$. Iiuteneei of -purtlj jastinstiM, iaccplnHBls antipathy betwaea animal* sd ontttrally bM conitnou.but than are very anarked Mid defiowa example* It fa quite impossible to Rwoaot for the intense diaiust which theeitmelexfttyisla. burses. Itisfarmtrediffioulltoaeoustoaiiiones to woik with caauls than with elnphants, pre cisely bewnse the xepoiaMwe is a utoial nakpatby, aad not m reanwaed tear They get us«dtoth««ightor u tdeplwat, bat the smeU ofaewnel disgusts aad fdgtateaa tiwas. Bng- UsoaotiMwkiea have sever *acn a canal relnM to approach jrroUad where tbrni have slsed, Seontly a j^evdling menagerie wu Wonnd leave t* encamp »a a rilUigc green in Suffolk, BOtbeoaase it Was not welcome, for «, wild bs«s- ?how is always vastly popainr, but because Use ^ green was also tbe kite of a maiket, and the ?f annais* gig-lwnea iwnriably nfused to be dnvsn across it after camels bad itood there. Yet two bears , were bting exhibited in Barley vtnet, London, aad no horse showed asy tear of them.' One horse almeat touched tbe larger bear, but neither it nor the team of a fourin hand which passed showed any nervousness. The hatred oT all oatUe for dogs' is very, marked. . There is ne doubt that this is a last ing inheritance from the days la which their toalres were ooststaatly killed by wolves or w^d dogs. tn India wstaSbM of aporUmen seebg the new-born calf, witb its mother defending it from wolf**, occur in most books «n lungle *poit,«.Dd tho foatmi«f the'«»nidas -ass--- oitled with tha strongest animal inatinof, tbe Ibvb of their yoaDg, has never, been effaced among cattle em in Bngland, where tbe l»»t wolf was killed in the days of Henry VII. Why the horse not only does net «htre;thisanti piihy, but, on tbe contrary, loves » dog, ttis difficult to exblaia. Host of the keepftrsattfceSSookn agrsSl that those animals wnieb exhibit marked likes or dislikes few natters have toe strongest possible antipathy to bUek men. Children they alsa dislike, but for the obvious reason that the children lets* thorn. It hu long been noticed tbat all the monkeys hate a nrgro ; bat the experiment was recently tried so. a larje scale, and the scope of animal antipathy .for tha dark-skiaaed noes was found ts extend far beyond the moakry-hotue. - When Mr. Bagenbeek's Semalis were' at the Crystal £alaee they were invited one Sunday to sea tbeZoo, whither they wetit, aeoompuied bv Me. Henzies, the African oipioiw and hunter, who had brougn them from Somali land. There was aoUiiac to wbiob the most sensittva Eur«p.au oould object la tire appear ance *f these free, bait-Arab tribesmen, and much that was moat attractive. Tbey-wera straight and tali ; they had high aotf, Baa eyes, white tenth, and a ekiu tbe colour of a not quite ripe black crape. They wenatriet stoslems, exquisitely- clef nly, waahiog con stantly not only tbeir limbs and bodies, but tbeir teeth and bair. Tbey drrMetf in tbo whitest of linen, and carried weaponi of tbe brightest »t»l, spending tbeir spare momeals in polishing cither these or ibtir teeth. Tavy did not smoke, they did not drii.k, «ud tbe Urge room in wLich some thirty of lhpnra'*pt wai as sweet as a hayloft ; and tbeyuiucbob jeoled to the British working-man comiugjdlo Iheir room, beoauu bis clothes were dkty, ;, ' When all this gallnnt oompiny ofdarkmea ?atersd tte iiot-heuse tben was an dprosr. Tbe aaimals-wers fnrinup. They toand wiib rage. Thenpc«*nd monlrey* were frightened aod angry.' The aatelopes were alarmed, and even the phlegmatic wild cattle wen 1 xdted. They recognised their natural enemies, the dark-skinned men who have hunted tUemf«r a -thoonnd-ceaterin in tht jungles »na tbe hn»h, aad with whom their own parua did h&ltle; when Uwywem captured and carried «ff captive . in the Nubian deserts ; and like the tirecuin ghosts at tbe sl|bt of JBseas »n:' the -nhades, they raised a war-cry, thoogh Ibe sound did not dis in their throats. ,r J- ; Animal antipnttiy i» tbn* closely conrlitsd with like emotieos in num. it may be trvoedla all its variations from, purely instinctive and pbtafeal distaste, the dislike for tke eamd bit by tiie bone being muoh on a par wiik that felt by a Southern white far nSonth AmerioaD negro, to its rational climax in antipathy baud ua, dna)g« known to «ainols and mfca ilike. «nd exhibited in the common and intense horror of . the pulwnous sntke. A tome monkey baa bean known te drop down in a dead faint when sud deoly ooufrnoted wilh a snake. Tbisaeoads timokt too human ; but fainting . in sudden lerror, tliough rmre among animals, in which - tbigformof panic mow ulten causes paralysu of the limbs, is sot couOnedlo monkeys. Grey pkrrota, whioh are Lighly OCTvoua birds, will dnj) from the perch nod law cootciousocss aader any atrong impulse ot fright. , 