BETWEEN THE LINES. ? ? ? v A DETECTIVE STORY. (BY BURFORD DELLANNOY.) CHAPTER IV.— ICimtimiea.} And so that ghost of the dead past was laid. Ashley never raised it again. His doubts were set at rest. The more he saw day by day . ef the quiet, sober life Evelyn led, ttiq, more convinced he became that he had been mis taken. As time went on it came about that Reggie was played witli by Miss Westcar. Playing with fiie is a dangerous game, but she indulg ed in it She had' no more idea of wasting herself on Reggie than she had of doing so with the butler; she was playing for higher game. True, her inclination tended Reggie wards. He sometimes sent a little treni&T; through her, and caused her pulses to beat th.e faster. But it ended there. ^She applied the brake. Sentiment had a poor hand in the 'game she was playing. She had in her mind the wedding of Sir George Grayne — nothing more nor less. The fact that he had a wife living was a detail. That was a mere question of time — or remov al. She knew him to be wealthy — very weal thy, despite the retired manner in which the family lived. She would make him h-;r hus band, and then, herself, his widow — his weal *-'iy widow.® There were but few obstacles lu the way; she feared not her ability to remove them. With a name to which she had a right, and a right to a position in society by virtue of it, .then -she would enjoy herself. Meanwhile, she dallied with Reggie, and sent that inflam mable young gentleman into the feverUh re gions one moment and the arctic ones the next. It amused her; it did not amuse Vere. Gradually her position in the house became more that of a friend than a dependent. She played her cards skilfully, and won every time. Every member of the family was friendly disposed towards her— save Vere, and even she had to wear a pretence of friendli ness. The musical evenings, the tennis, golf, cy cling—all and every one she took an equal part in. So it came about that on that fateful day all three ladies — mother, daughter, and com panion—had ridden a long way out to lunch, and were returning, hoping to be in time for dinner. A hope that was not realised, for they were the three ladies coming down'the hill on which the three men were concealed, and a meeting had to take, place. There were points in favor of the waiting party. The rope was an impor tant factor, and would bring about a hurried dismounting. The gipsies ' would stop the cyclists' further progress. They would draw the line at that. CHAPTER V.— ON WHEELS. Dick Causton had chambers and -offices in Lincoln's Inn Fields, but he was rarely to- be found there. Ixion was dominant at the time of liis birth— must have been. His life up he iad been a devotee of the wheel. In child hood's days he sat on the floor and twirled the crank of his big brother's bomfersliaker. Later on, he acquired one himself, and gradually merged into the air-cushioned comforts of ihe present century Safety. And now, although thirty summers, and the best part of as many winters, had passed him by, he was just as ardent a cyclist as whe.n a boy. Not that he tc-ok his pleasure as sadly, or as shakily, as in boyhood's days— the inven tive genius of Mr. Dunlop had seen to 1hat. He was a lawyer. How he passed the ne cessary examinations during his chrysalis cr student days he could never tell. During the run of his articles he studied gears, tyres, aud sprockets far more closely than he did 'Ste- phen's Commentaries on the Laws of Eng land.' He would' have faced anv examina tion on the mechanism of the bicycle with a I bold front, but the intermediate and final ex- ! animations into his knowledge of English law j he met with knocking knees. However, he i came out of the examinations all right in the : end. Like the man with a poor hand -at nap, i lie aassed. j As in the days of his articles, so in the time { when he was a full-blown solicitor, when he j was licensed to dispense six-aud-eightpenny opinions, and1 indite three-and- sixpenny letters. The fact that he had his name on a brass plate j and in the Law List weaned him not from his I old love — he cycled. j Cycling was hLs one real enjoyment. He j was heart-whole; perhaps that had something j to do with it. When a man has a girl to look j after, then is the time for him to shed hLs in- j dependence — if he wishes the course of his love i to run smoothly. He cannot mount his meal I — if not mettlesome — steed and say, 'Expect me | when you: see me,' after the manner of the ! hardened bachelor. Girls -do not stand that [ sort of thing— up-to-date girls— aud small j blame to them. A woman who allows 'her ! lover to career all over the. country without her j is false to the most prominent trait iu her sex's j character. To that fact is probably due the j invention of the tandem.. | Yes, Dick Caustdn's heart was unfractured; j it was all his very own. Not that he was j without a touch of that romance in his nature j which spices and makes life worih the living; ; he simply had not enesuntered Miss Right— ? that probably accounted for his not going i wrong. . j In stress of weather he had sheltered in road- j side inns, and been glad to pick up a novelette - to pass the time. At most country inns tiie ! landladies* daughters, or the barmaids, affect the penny novelette — the hero thereof is so very different from the kind of man she usual ly sees the other side of the bar. Strong con trasts are ever attractive to women: look at their niiilinery! From a perusal of those story-papers, DiclS Causton gathered that a cyclist could not go ? three-quarters of a mile without compassing j aii adventure with a lady. According to the { novelette, the Toad was strewn with blue-eyed, .pale-faced, golden-haired girls, who had fallen by The way, fainted, punctured their tyres (or pretended they had, for the novelette heroine ie full of subtlety), or in some way stood, or sat, in need of masculine assistance. Dick had cycled for twenty years, covering, perhaps, more than that number of thousand miles in that period, and never had it been Ms fortune (or misfortune — it altogether depends on the view you take of it!) to encounter this roadside maideffin distress. Never did he see those blue eyes with tears— or flies— in them. Never was he called upon to act as Uncle Toby acted with the Widow Wadman. Never once did eyes look at him full of silent eloquence, and never once was he called on to raise his, hat, and— after the manner of the novelette hero — say, 'Can I be of any assistance, miss?' In all well-regulated novelettes the heroine is called 'miss.' For twenty yeara he had wheeled the roads of England, waiting for an adventure; and at . last he realised that everything comes to him who waits. The adventure came— a gruesome. Woody adventure, to prevent the hanoenins of which he would have given all the world pos sessed for him. -? He was riding back. He had been a long journey, and his homeward pace was a quiet one. Ogh ting-up time 'was three hours ahead, and he would be at his destination well within that time. The road sloped, and, 5he wind being behind him, he was availing himself ol his free wheel, and his travelling was as noiseless as the flight of a bird. £ Suddenly the country quiet was distutfjed by shrill shrieks— shrieks of women ,in#iistr&ss; and agony and pain. The cries came V-om the /direction of the hill Ahead of him; butj£ ? could see nothing, for the road ,was a wtnaLig one and the hedges, were high. -~ But the'Jl|reams acted as an impetus; fclejredais flewge-ound, and he was quickly in view of a scene winch ; for years, after he could not recall without a shudder, without the- bloody rushing to his head and his hands clenching— as happened at . the tune. ? ???'..-', Three cycles— -three women— three tramps— a line of rope— and the rest can be 'guessed. But in this instance the women were plucky, and, when thrown ^fC their machines by the stretch- ; ed-across-the-road rope, they had picked them selves .up, and resisted the efforts to rob them: ; Mother, daughter, arid friend. ' \ When Dick Causton arrived, the daughter was standing screaming and struggling with j onev rough, whilst the two other women were on the^ground,. being kicked to silence by the : other sex— their sex alone compels the de- ; scription of them as men. :? Dick Causton had not learnt boxiDg at school for nothing. Inside a minute he was off his machine, and had planted an effective blow under the ear of one ruffian before the other two were even aware that, lie was hi their midst. As the first man fell senseless, Dick met the face of the second with a blow be tween the eyes, and, after'a drunken stagger, . the second man joined his companion on the ground. Boxing is an art rather looked down upon nowadays, but the science of it is a thing to witness. With the decay of boxing will come the decay of Englishmen. Tiie pluckiest race of men in Europe owe much of rheir suc cess to a knowledge of how to use their fists. Let them lose that knowledge, and they , will assuredly sink to the level of the French and Germans. : In addition to- his scientific knowledge, Dick had the advantage of being the surprise party, or he might not have fared «o well. As it was, he had his work cut out with the remain- ) ing man. But science told against brute : strength, and a blow on the temple reduced ? him to tiie state of insensibility in which his companions were. ? . j The two women were lying still, very still, : on the ground, and their blood-covered faces frightened Dick. The girl, save for a _?' bruise or two, was unhurt; unhurt, but «} frightened that she could not speak. Great s'obs rose from her bosom and burst in her throat, whilst her eyes seemed ?to protrude . from her deathly white face in awful fear. j Truly Dick Causton had encountered his ad venture at last. CHAPTER VI— A WILL AND THE WAT. He spoke to th» girl— he found out after- j wards that her name was Vere, aud that her mother and companion had been the other cy- ? clists— spoken of in ihe past tense, for, alas! , one of the number was never to even look on a cycle again. , j AlGng the roadside was a ditch, and there ; was clearp running water in its bottom. Dick filled his cap with this twice, and dashed it iu the faces of the unconscious women. It had . no effect. I 'Your straw hat is larger,' he said to Vere, ! 'and will hold more than mine. Fill it, please, ! as you saw me do, and bring the water here.' j The girl did not move, only her lips seemed j to tremble. . j 'For God's sake,' added Dick, 'arouse your- : self! Let us stanch this flow of blood if pos- i sible.' j The *girl staggered, moaned, and sank in a \ powerless heap on the roadside. i 'I can'i! I can't! I can't!' she wailed. 'Oh, : God! uiy mother; my poor, poor mother!' j Dick saw it was useless to expecc heip fr^m I her; she was paralysed with fear. j 'Mount your machine, then,' he said, 'aiitt ! ride on to the next village; it is only three or .' four miles. Ride as you never rode before, j and send a doctor and the police.' i But again for answer the helpless girl '? moaned: I 'I can't! I can't! I can't!' ' j Fear had prisoned her limbs, she could not '? move. One of the men began to show signs of returning consciousness. What should lie do? He. did not dare_ leave things as they were whilst lie rode for assistance; the men ; might all recover. . j A'nd then an idea occurred to him. On the roadside was a five-barred gate leading into a field, and in the road was the jrope the intm had used. He picked up the repe, doubled it in half, and doubled it again in two place?. Then with his poekeiknife he sawed through till he had six pieces of rope in his hands. ? He clutched the coat collar of the ruffian nearest the gate, and dragged his body across to it. Throwing him into a sitting posture : against it, he leant over, and, drawing the un- : conscious tramp's hands through, tied them— : with no gentle tying, either — firmly to the bars of the gate. Without assistance, freedom : would be impossible. The o*her two men he ; served in the same fashion. They sat there, , facing the road with arms behind them, appa- j renrly comfortably asleep. _. ? \ Then he looked to the women. From a great 1 wound in the head of the elder lady the blood i was ? flowing — a wound caused by an iron-t'p- I ped, hobnailed boot Dick knew not what to , do. If only Vere had been able to exercise ; her witg, only able to help a little! What could \ he do? Four miles to the next town and foui- j miles back after finding .a doctor — the poor souls might nifeanwhile die. He went to the girl, who was crouched, moaning, on the grass, and said somewhat roughly: j 'Give me your hat.' j She had watched his actions as a cat watches 1 a mouse, fearful that he would leave her. So I she guessed what he required her headgear for. j She tried to withdraw the two long hat-pins \ with which it was staked to her head, but so i great was the fear which had got hoia of her j that her trembling fingers refused to obey her wijl. It was not a time for ceremony, so without a word Dick pulled the' pins out himself and '. ran tc the ditch with, the hat. It was of the varnished kind, and held water well. Back to the side of the bleeding woman, and on his knees, with his handkerchief, he started bath ins the wound. He was filled with horror when he saw the extent of it. It was a death wound. He had' no real medical knowledge, but he knew enough to know that. No living I doctor would ever be able to heal it. .! (To be continued.) 