I "Stump." , I "Stomps," as he was called In Dos- \- Borland, was a favourite with criminals j and— the police. He had a bright joke and a kindly word for all alike ; no one had ever seen him cross, or known him do a moan thing. OliUdren hung round him, listening to his yams; tbe lueses always stepped to banter with him ; while n my a night round the doas-lreuiie tire < e was the life of the wretched-looking group, as in fluent, picturesque language he told ghost tales and fairy legends of his native County Clare, making the motichore forget their hunger, their ruf fe rings, their dcepair : and when he had money he was royal.y generous— he treated everyone be came ceres. "Hcdad. that fart alone beihrt.-s ineS kingly lineage" Mike was der.cended from an ancieut Irish sovereign), he once said to tue, half- ruefinly. " St.uiv, I'm never so happy as whin <!icp u.-mg bounties." Indeed, I hare knot,. i lis. last him but two days, though he always slept In a doss- house, and the only solid food that passed hie li,» during that space was onions and t.'.pe for supper, and couple of carrots as a midday meal. " My digestion, yon sec. Is peculiar." he confided on one occasion to a ni»».1r- tralc, after receiving a sentence of fourteen days : " It seems to coitou to nothing but drink." "Could you not take the pledge, ac.l would not some one help you to keep It ?" asked tlie functionary of justice, who, J am sure, In Ills heart, saw the futility of these repeated consisiuueuts to gaol. Mike ruffled his rough red I. sir, and a gleam of amusement darted Into his eyes. "May It platse yottr luaship," he said. " It's mcsclf was a shining loiglit m the Salvation Army— fur— fur two mouths, an' begorra ! In that toime if Oi dhl not merit a silver medal fur tlrnpcr- nnce." " And where Is tt» medal f asked tbe magistrate. Again Mike'ff eyes twinkled and the corners of his mouth worked. " An' you'll beluive me, your wurs'aip, whin 01 came out last toime, from rhe r'rt- dence you wos so kind as to aeml rue to fur mol health, I pawned It fur a dhrop of the crator', an begorra ! if Oi didn't foind tbe medal wasn't silver at all. but jist a common bit of tin Mike's real discomfiture was too much for those present, and they laughed as he meant them to laugh, and nobody enjoyed his joke more than he did himself. But laughing at or with a culprit does not help to mend his . ways," and Mike's case had a sad side to it.— bio;n he "Quiver," for April. 