CHAPTER IE " It's rattier awkward for you, Mrs. Her riot," remarked the doctor; "it is indeed." The nurse smiled faintly, wanly. "As you say, doctor, it is—awkward. I hardly think I can stand that sort of thing mack* longer. Do you not think that the sight of his wife might bring back his memory':" "Dut his wife won't come. She is still In dread of infection." ^ Mrs. Herriot was silent, but the doctor . caw a line scorn in the curl of her lip. "There are some poor creatures in this .world, Mrs Herriot," he remarked. "Our patient married one of them; a pink and white tricked-out piece of selfishness, who jingled for him and caught him, seeing he had a good profession and would be likely to afford her a good, easy time of it." " Couldn't you persuade her to come? | Now that the house has been so thoroughly i disinfected, and her safety, as it were, guar anteed, I should think she would be only too glad and anxious to see her husband." The doctor, by way of response, ele vated his eyebrow's * incredulously, and turned to.go upstairs. "You just stay here, Mrs. Herriot, for a few minutes, while I run up and see what wo can get him to say on the subject. I think we may risk it now. I'll try to re mind him of what he 5ns forgotten.*" Ho found the patient silling in an easy j chair, a foil night's convalescence showing in his face and the alertness of his expres sion. Good morning! No need to ask how J you arc getting on now—eh?" " Th inks, doctor, I an; improving even* | day, and I feel my strength reliutii When will I be able to go out?" '• Oh, by-and-by. There's no hurry. 11 daro say you are getting impatient to see your wife, eh?". "Oh, noj" laughed the patient, content-1 cdlv. *' I can see her whenever 1 want to. | She has just gone out—a few minutes ag " My dear fellow," began the doctor, sit- I ting himself down on a near chair and tak ing the patient's wrist in his fingers. " I think you and I must- have a talk together this morning. You have had a long and exhausting spell of fever, which has wcak'eued the nervous system considerably. As a con sequence, your memory is for tiie time being, a little impaired; but as you rvgaiu strength it will no doubt return gradually. In the meantime, I must warn you not to en courage this illusion which seems to have taken hold of you, this idea of your nurse being your wife." The patient smiled with great amuse ment. Thank you, doctor. Of course you can not understand. The mistake was natural, and she would not set you right. My nurse is niv wife; if not according to law, then she soon will be. Our arrangement was a mistaken one, although no truer marriage than ours ever existed in the sight of God. We have both been to blame in belittling the status which legality gives to marriag and there is no getting rid of the fact that our arrangement, though made and agreed to out of the depths of our perfect faith' and confidence in each other, and in accordance with our higher ideal of love being the only tio which should bind man and woman, still, as society is at present, it leaves the woman open to misapprehension and insult. Believe me, doctor, this shall be remedied H'm! 2fm! Quite so!" the doctor sponded tolerantly, while his professional j eye scrutinised keenly his patient's face. j " Why, doctor, if I were sto tell you I what that woman has done for me! She j helped me when I couldn't very well help myself; she r&uscd; my ambitiou and stimu lated me to pnanlv endeavour; nor did she relax her influence for my good till I fairly stood on mv own feet. Do you wonder that I wanted her and no other woman for iny wife, notwithstanding a slight dis parity in years? But she wouldn't. No— not though years of desertion had left her free. On no account would she contract legally again. But it was none the less marriage in the highest sense of the word." "Humph!" said the doctor. . "Yes—a pure marriage, founded on grati tude, genuine esteem, genuine friendship, and mutual love. But I sec where the error comes in now—my wife must not be exposed a. day longer to misapprehension and pain." The doctor patted him on the shoulder, as one might pat a vexed child. "No need for getting excited, my dear Hunt. • Keep cool. Remember you are not long out of the valley of the shadow yet. I'll be round to see you this evening again." He was going, but the patient detained him. " One moment, doctor. If I can gel her to agree, could you send a clergyman to the | house here—quietly, you know? We can i purchase a license,* of course." ] " H'm! certainly, of course—if you wish j it. But we can* talk of that afterward. Only, you know, Hunt, now that you are ! coming lp yourself-again, do leave off call —.... „n,l '.larKncr* ami your nurse 'dear* and 'darling* and alf that sort of rot. It isn't good form, yon know; and certainly embarrassing to Mrs. Herriot, who is a highly respectable woman, and one of our best nurses. You mustn't offend her, you know." Edmond Hunt sat staring dumbly at the door, which had closed rather abruptly on the doctors exit. Now what is he driving at?" he mut tered, utterly bewildered. "I am sure I explained the situation clearly enough for him to see that I was only too willing For some time he sat pondering the doc tor's words; also that peculiar tolerating smile with which his explanation had been received. Unable to comprehend what it all meant, ho leant forward and pressed with his finger a little gong that stood upon the table. Meanwhile the doctor had come down stairs, and, seating himself in a chair, he threw one leg over the oilier with the un conscious abandon of a man that didn't kiiow what to make of it all. "It is certainly a strange and to me en-, tirely new instauce. There is not only the lapse of memory, but there is also this delu sion, that he is not legally married to his wife. Also, that instead of the feather -headed nonentity she is, he has the idea of lier being a high-minded woman, consider ably older (ban himself, who has been bis prompter for years—and so forth. Most astonishing! And now nothing will do but he must have a clergyman and have her legally married forthwith!" The doctor paused a minute to have a laugh at the vagaries of his patient, and then resumed: "And what is worse, he seems to asso ciate you in some May with her ; and alto- I getker his bruin is in a sad muddle, poor | chap!" " It is. Altogether the case is pitiful." "I wahtcd-to bring up Dr. Curstairs and I Dr. Spragge for a consultation;. but one is ill and the other is in Parts just now;' " I feel sure it would improve matters if | his nife could be brought here at once," said the nurse, insistently. "But she won't come. Not for another" ten days at least. She is quite firm; as firm as coM'ardicc can be wheu self is the risk." " Supposing I were to go and try to in duce her to come?" " Well—you might try. The sight of her might hc!p to brush the cobwebs that fever has spun in his brain." The sound of the little gong floated down to them, aud the doctor rose to go. " Yes—li'm—yes, you might try, any- | way." * "I will—before I am two hours older; and if Mrs. Hunt does not do her duty to | the man to whom she is legally married, then her duty must be pointed out to hi r." She went slowly upstairs, and at the door paused a moment, pressing her hand hard on her heart. "Only a little longer, on!y a little longer," she breathed, and then she entered the room. He turned to her eagerly. "Look here, Katharine, I have come to a decision, which I want vou to back up." "Oh 5" "Yes, dear. We made a mistake-a great mistake." " But you found that out long ago, when | you felt in love and married " \- No, no—that was all right. Our mar riage was all right, and if society was as good as it ought to be, it would be all fight still. Our mistake lay in not marry ing legally." Yes," she responded quietly, " that al ways is a s:id mistake, for one of the con tracting parties anyway." "Well, that mistake must be rectified. 1 am going to have a license bought, and a clergyman can come here, and you and 1, Katharine, long man and wife in true mar riage, shall be so in tbe eye of the law and before the world. I cannot have you open to misapprehension and possible insult any longer. You are dearer to me now, my Katharine, after this long illness of mine, than ever you were." Sli9 had gone m hite—white as ashes, and stood looking at h»m with her hand pressed hard on her heart. " Why do you look at me so, Katharine? Are you afraid I shan't be able for the ex citeineut? Never fear! 'The very thought that I am about to claim you publicly strengthens me. After all, the sanction of the law is not half bad, is it?" She was a woman to whom suffering had taught self-control, but for a brief space site lost it now. " Edmond! Edmond 1 Oh think—try to think—try to remember. Don't, you know? Have you forgotten the time that came when Twas no longer enough for you, when I could no longer hold my own against vounger and more attractive M'omen, when you forgot to pay me the respect due to a wife, doubly due to one who bad staked all on vour honour, when you heaped tacit insult on me, day after day and week after week, by your attentions to a pretty girl M ho glamoured you out of all sense of ob ligation to me—to me, but for whom you had never been in a position to be even noticed by her? Have you forgotten, Ed mond Hunt, how I refused to degrade the sacredness of our wedded love by tolerating even the semblance of being other thau an honoured and respected wife, and fled from you and your protestations that you M*ere only fooling and flirting? Have you for gotten that you married that girl six months after I left you, and that she has now been your wife for three years?" The man's look of astonishment and fear was something pitiful to see. " Katharine! Katharine! Oh, my darling, are you mad?. I have no wife but you; I want no woman but you; no Ioye buyouts. Come here to me—my wife—my beloved." He held out his arms to her, and tears rained down his checks, but she did not move. She felt she had forgotten herself too faF already, o'ermastered by a resur rected anguish. "Try to understand, Edmond — Mr. Hunt," she said, with studied utterance, " that I am only a ghost of the past which your illness has conjured up; that your wife, your legally married wife, lives, and I am going to bring her to you now, if she can be persuaded to come." He stared at her in bewilderment, and his face gren* sharp. "If, as you say, I have a wife other than you, then where is she? Why is she not here? Why is it necessary to persuade her to come to we?" "You Mere ill—very ill of fever—an in fectious fever." " Stay—this wife—do I understand you to say that she left ine when I was laid up, and that you " - "Some people have a natural horror of infection," she hastily explained. "And you? How was it you " "I? Ob, I was only a nurse—a trained nurse; it lay in the liue of my profession." 