THE GHOST OF A1RL1B. A SPECTRAL DRUMMER. Who heard the ghostly drummer of Cortachy Castle beat the death-roll of the late Earl of Airlie. His speotral tattoo is -ever the herald of death to tbe heads ot the Ogilvys. In bygone times there was the drummer who drummed for the 'Bonny House of Airly.' The wretched player offended the earl of those days and waa tied up in his own drum and flung over a high tower. After vainly pleading for his life the poor little drummer threatened that his ghost should haunt the family for ever and ever. Legend has it that generation after generation the dead drummer has sounded the last post for £arl and Countess of Airlie, and the roll of his drumh as through tbe long centuries blanched tbe faces of many inmates of Cortachy Castle. In 1845 a visitor at Cortachy was dressing for dinner. A tattoo was beaten beneath her window. The lady listened in surprise, for as -far as she knew there were no bandsmen at the castle. Going down to dinner she said to her host: — ' Who is it that plays the drum so skilfully outside the castle?' The earl turned pale and shivered. The countess could not hide her fear. The face of every Ogilvv at the table was deadly white. Within a week the countese lay in her ehroud. The drummer was the spectre of Cortachy Oftstlc HEARD IN HIE NIGHT. A few yean later a young English man who waB to shoot with Lord Ogilvy, the eldest son, at the Tulchan, a shooting lodge at the head of Glehshee, missed his way. The night wan wild, and darkness had long set ia before be Baw the iighta of the shooting lodge. Then up the glen oame the - long roll of the drum. There cbuld be no mistaking it. Who could be playing out of doors on suoh a night, he asked Xiord Ogilvy. ' Silence, ' was his only answer. It was the dead drummer of Cortachy Castle. The Earl of Airlie died in London within less than a week. When tbe father of the Earl of Airlie who fell in South Afrioa last Monday -died, it' is said that the drummer did not connd his drum. It may be true. Perhaps he hat tiot beaten it on this oooadon. But the countryside will not be denied its ghost, and it maybe that we soon hear tbat the spectral drum -was beard at Cortachy the day before the gallant cavalryman fell iq South AWo»— 'D»ily m ' 