rambling; notes. ? -jr .1 ? (By T. G. F.) It Was out in a Backblock townshipvthat a chemist lived, or existed, or endeavoured to do both. He ?was a haw-haw man with a drawl in his speech, but had a keen eye for business. One day a drover entered the shop of the chemist, and, speaking in a , husky voice, said : ' Could you give me something for a cold, please ?' The pill- roller looked at the nnatrimmr fnr a Rpp.onrl. and said ! 'Let me Bee— er — you — er — have — er a pain here (putting his hand onthe cattleman's chest)— er—er and— ' 'Yes,' said the drover, 'I'm very bad.' After the mixture— which the chemist swore would cure any thing from a cold to typhoid fever— had been wrapped and placed on the counter, . the drover said: ' How much is it, boss?' 'Let me see,' said the man of medicine as he calculated the amount aloud and looked up at the roof, 'there's seven and six for the medicine— er— a shilling a bottle— er—er ? ? '' Ob, hurry up, bofs,' eaid the drover, 'how much for the blanky cork?' o o.o Just to show how easy it is for a man to get intoxicated at least once in his lifetime, I'll relate the following facts which occurred recently. A friend of mine — a teetotaller and also a fowl fan cier—found it difficult to get any of his. hens to hatch some prize eggs which had been made a preT sent to him. Not that the fowls objected to hatch those particular eggs, but they had apparently gone on strike, as far as hatching generally was concerned. A friend of my friend, conversing with him onthe poultry-breeding business, informed him that a drop of brandy or whisky given to a hen would send that particular hen broody inside a few minutes. When my friend went home he took a flask of spirits with him for the purpose of trying the experiment. He gave what he considered the proper dose to the hen he had selected, and think ing it was a pity to waste the remainder of the spirits, broke his pledge' and swallowed what was left in the flask. A few minutes later the fowl showed unmistakeable signs of being broody, and commenced to settle herself out to hatch an egg. Her owner was delighted, and after some time spent in hunting for a suitable box he .settled her down with a couple of china nest eggs under her. Then he went inside to tell his wife of the great success. She looked at him for a second. His tongue was almost useless, his speech was thick, and the moonlight was showing in his eyes. ' In the name of goodness, George, what ie the matter with you ?' she exclaimed. George tried to laugh, then stuttered, ' Ish— Ish —think— Ish broody, my dear. Ish— Ish— Ish want— want tc sit — sit,' ' Yes, you beast,' said his sober half, '?you're drunk, that's what's the matter, and you want to sit down.' Then George laughed a Billy laugh and went to bed. o o o I once knew three brothers. Ireland was their native land, and their name was M'Guire— John, Michael, and Thomas. They were teamsters in the early, days, and one day, when signing for their loading at the forwarding agent's office, they were asked separately by the clerk, 'What is. your name?' The first one asked answered, ' John M'Guire, sir' ; the next one said, ' Michael M'Guire, sir' ; while the third one, who always said and did things in a hurry, replied, 'Thomas the same, sir.' Then the clerk laughed and looked under the table for cockroaches. ooo ? Dan O'Connell — not Ireland's particular Dan, but another gentleman of the same name — was tall ; and thin, and possessed a fine treble voice, which ; at times approached a squeak. Meeting the : daughter of a friend in the street early one morn ing when he was going for the breakfast milk, he saluted her with, 'You're out early this morning, Mary.' The girl commenced to cry, and sobbed, ; ' Yes, father died last night.' Dan threw his bead back with a jerk, and exclaimed, ' Go to — — ; do you tell me so r' and it was nearly five minutes before Dan's eyebrows went back into position. The I girl went on her way, and Dan never knew he had j , been so disrespectful as to order the girl to a place ' we are all hopeful of dodging. ; ooo --? ' When I was at school, not more than a 100. years ago anyhow — we were on one occasion having a lesson in Latin. We were only in the first or ? second declension, and, by the way, I don't think we ? went further ever. I had a friend whom I always sat \ next to, and although he was naturally small he war I ! l naturally lazy. He left his lessons 'for some one | | ; else to learn, and depended upon assistance from ? I whoever was near him. This particular day he had i been asked to give the Latin for certain words in - ? ; flip firnf rJa-rpn vnn.rihnlftrifis. Anv time he wnn in | trouble he nudged me, and if I was in a position to ; give him the whisper I did so— if not I was pain ? ; fully silent. At last the master said,. 'What is the | ; Latin for goose ?'? My friend was stuck, and religi : - ously nudged me to let me know he was in distress. ! i I whispered, ' Aneer.' He did not answer, but nudged furiously .with his elbow. ' Anser,' I whispered in a much louder voice than before. Then, he turned quickly to me and said, 'How the blazes am I to answer if you don't tell me ?' Then the band played Annie somebody, and my friend remained behind to learn the Latin for goose. o o o It was during the Yes-No excitement that two subscribers to a country paper commenced to wax warm in the open columns of the said paper. From politics and municipal matters they at last became personal. O'Brody was on the Bartonian side of the Federal fence, while Michael Sheehan, J.P., ex-Catholic and leader of the Yellow Pup brigade Zw, ^Un jiiA^win^ In^lfoil nn^nna of Uim 4Vnm 4*\\-O *Pfif(l 111 bllC ULOtllUU} IUUACU aV^lUDO C*U 411J-U XAVU1 Ullb JLWUltA side. Sheehan was no match for O'Brody, who knocked all the fight out of the bitter little Orange man with the Catholic name by writing the follow ing lines : — 'A son of the Churoii named Slick Sheehan Fell from grace and became a Wesleyan ; EAud good fathers tell how he went down to h ? 1, Where alongside of Satan you'll see him.' An action for libel was commencer1 by Sheehan, I believe, but the matter was settled amicably. v o o o One of the Ben Hall gang of bushrangers is now, I believe, a respectable member of society, and lives on the Western line out toward the Never-Never country. He is not a J.P., but has the respect and confidence of his neighbours, many of whom do not know that he was sent to prison years ago under a life sentence. He owns a couple of good blood, horses, which he races for his own amusement at the bueh meetings in the district. This par. is sug geBiea Dy reacting or me ueain. oj. me ei- uubii ranger's son in a country hospital recently. Those who are acquainted with old 'Bail-Up' assert that there is nothing bloodthirsty in his disposition and never was. He may have been young and foolish years ago, but he has bought his experience, and is now old and sensible. o ? o p The bush Justice of the Peace is a queer animal — at least the average bush J.P. is a good study in natural history for anyone who has the time to spare to study him. As a rule, he can write his name — and that indifferently. For the first six months after the honour has been conferred upon him he is so taken with the novelty of the title that he writes hiB name and puts the magic letters after it on every available opportunity. When he draws a cheque — most J.'sP. are able to draw a cheque, even if there is nothing in the bank to meet it — he must let the bank people know who he is by attaching J.P. to hia signature. Away out on the Namoi there is a brilliant specimen of a bush Solon. JFor weeks after being created a J.P. he attended the courthouse about sunrise every morning so that he would be in time to hear any case which might be for hearing at 10 o'clock. Cases were few and far between. At last an opportunity came to him. An unfortunate hawke was summoned by a station manager and charged with having cut the station fences — the better to find his way on to the main road. The defendant proved that he was not the culprit, and this is the way in which he was discharged by the wise man of tha bush Bench : '|The court is satisfied beyond doubt that you are not guilty of the crime with which you were charged, and you are discharged without a stain on your character, but to prevent you from attempting any such crime in the future you are fined £5 or three months.' ooo The young bloods in a certain bush town amused themselves for some weeks by ringing the church bell at the hour when ghosts and gob'ins are sup posed to came out for fresh air. One night, how ever, the bell rang furiously for a quarter of an hour, and the simple people of the place attributed the annoyance to some.invincible creature from the other world. The ringing continued, and the pastor of the church resolved on making an effort to catch the author or authors of the nuisance. He slipped on his clothes, and, inducing some of his neighbours to accompany him, they hurried to the church. Imagine their disgust when they saw the cause of the midnight bell-ringing was a pious old billy goat with the bell-rope round his horns, religiously tugging away for dear life in his frantic endeavours to free himself from his unpleasant situation. The bell has been silent since, and the inhabitants, consequently, sleep peacefully, while no one seems to know where the bell- ringing billy-goat has gone, We cull the following from the Australian Star of February 10th :— An innovation at Power's Hotel Victoria, 315-317 George-street, is the London Silver Grill Room. All travellers from Great Bri tain know what that sign means — a chop or steak done on a silver grill over a charcoal fire. The roo-n is already very largely patronized, and Mr. Power has introduced the London price of a silver grill for one shilling. If you have never tasted Jesse Moor 'AA' Bourbon Whisky, try it and be convinced that it is the best whisky in the world. Power's Hotel Victoria, Sole Agents'* '?' - 