FRIDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1900. OUR COAL1 INDUSTRY. The letter, which was written by Messrs. Trinder, Anderson, and Co., oi London, to Mr. Zeb Lane, on November last, and published in this day's 'Morn- ing Herald,' with regard tp Collie coal, should furnish highly interesting read ing to those who are anxious for the develoDment of what should be one of Western Australia's chief industries, viz., coal-mining. Messrs. Trinder, Ander son, and Co. have npt minced matters by any means. They are shipowners with regular lines of steamers trading to Fremantle, and they show that, de spite repeated efforts in that direction, they have been unable to obtain sup plies of Collie coal. So far as can be judged by this firm's letter, their posi tion with regard to Collie coal is equi valent to that of a large consumer who goes into a well-stocked grocer's shop with a good oash order and a promise of regular custom', and is compelled to leave the establishment empty-handed, simply because, the shop-owner and Ids assistants are too slow to attend to him. ? In the case of the coal industry we have a proved field of over three hundred million tons, of coal nt Collie, and we have demands oh all sides for the fuel, and that, too, at prices that will pay handsomely for mining, while, at the same time, we are content to turn out little more than sufficient to supply, half the quantity that our Railway Depart ment requires. Householders, factory ? owners, minema'nagers, and ship-owners; are asking* for coal, but they ask in vain, while millions upon millions of the black fuel lies at Collie, and the coal-mining industiy of the colony is struggling so hard for ft miserable existeuce, fliat there is every prospcot of its soon yielding up the ghost, This is oortainly a reprehonsible condition of affairs, and one for which those wHo are responsible for the destinies of the country are wholly blameable. Tho . mine-owners and miners have d ine their best in the matter of raising the coal, and they ;havci (succeeded admirably. They have, in fact,- so developed the Collie mines that they can raise suffi cient coal now to supply all the de mands that are likely to be made upon thetoi, We have, therefore, on one hand a big and permanent demand for coal, aud on the other we have an abun dance of coal to meet the doxnivafl, end adequate facilities to raise it to the sur face. Two out of three conditions ne cessary to 'establish a flourishing indus try are, consequently, in existeme new, Tho third requisite condition — ihe pro« per bridging of the gulf, which lies pp tween tho mines and the market — is, however, wanting, and there appears to be no immediate prospect of its being supplied. Those who should supply it display a sublime indifference as to the fate of the . c(oal industry, which should be a most important factor in the prosperity of the colony, and so the coal-raining struggles feebly for a bare existence. 'What should be the best moans of placing the industry on a satisfactory basis need not be comment ed on here. Several schemes have beea put forward by competent authori ties, and if the Government had the slightest desire to do so, it could easily ascertain which would.be considered by the mine-owners and shipping people to bo the most likely to produce the best results. The question has not, how ever, so far as can be learned, been con sidered by the Government. ? Messrs,' Trinder, Anderson, and Co. put the mat ter very. fairly when they say:-- 'What appears to us to be needed is a method of conveying the coal by truck from tho pit's mouth in hopper waggons, to run on to a' jetty, with openings be(*ween the rails through wbioh the coal could be shot, direct from the waggons iuto the lighters, and these lighters could then be taken alongside the steamers in their discharging berths, aud so pave the shifting of the big steamers, and en ab,le several of them to be coaling from lighters at the same time. It would be merely a question of sufficient space at the coal jett,ies, and a sufficient num ber of lighters.' The olosing sentences of this firm's letter to Mr. Lane are worthy of note, as showhg the opinion which is held of Western Australian methods of workiug. Tho firm says — 'We have been waiting a long time for this coal, and as fur us avg can sec, un lesa some very decisive action is taken in the matter, wo are likely to wait- h considerublo time longer, and meanwhile what may prove the most lucrative pro duct of the colony is almost undevelop ed for want of facilities for getting it to a market.' 