The Natives Of South Africa. The natives of South Africa are among the most superstitious of savage races, and in this coanectioa a story is told in • Chamber's' about the Basutos and the outbreak of hostilities between the Btit sh and the Boers As is well known, ihe Basutos hate the Bsers bitterly, and were anxious to take up arms against them. Bete re doing so, however, they decided to consult the fates, as usual, to ascertian how the war was likely 10 go. Among the cattle bred in Basutoland, a red-skinned ox is taken to represent the British, a white one the Boers, and a black one the Datives themselves. A red and-a white ox were caught and were simultaneously flayed alive, and while incantations were muttered by the medicine men, a great concourse of people assembled and watched the aihnals as they writhed and groaned in their agony. It so chanced that the white ox out lived the red one by a few minutes. The&tarygoesthat; the Basutos therefore concluded that the Boers would prove victorious, and decided that they should remain neutral, rather than fight on the losing side. Among the Zulus, the birth of twins is regarded with terror, as it is looked upon as a great misfortune. It is believed that the father will die, or suffer in some other way, should both children live, and to obvite this it is customary to kill the weaker of the two children, almost before it has commenced to live. As the Zulus believe in the transmigration of the soul, they will seldom venture to kill a snake, no matter how venomous it may be, that may wander into the precincts of their place of abode Such intruders are invariably accorded the greatest respect, because they are looked upon as dead relatives, who haue returned in the shape of snakes to revisit the scenes of their former lives. Ihe Zulu?, however, have no compunction in putting to death any reptiles they meet at a distance from human habit .tion The Zulu cuBtom of disembowelling fallen enemies is pretty well k^own. It is thought by many people that the mutilation is practised out of sheer cruelty, but the idea is simply to liberate the spirits of the deceased warrior. it is maintained that if the slayer intentionally omitted to perform this last act of charity, he would be -haunted, and eventually driven into his grave by the ghost of the victim. Many people seem to think that the Zulus have to religions belief. This is a mistake, for the existence of a God and an evil spirit is acknowledged by them all, and many of their actions in pface as well aB in war are dictated by their peculiar faith. As a matter of fact, all the native tribes of South Africa indulge in strange superstitions, which, to a great extent, dominate their whole lives from childhood to old age. 