CHAPTER 111.-(Concluded.! The door leading out through the passage Siad been unlocked, no doubt for Hassan's entrance "vvitli supper, and it was by this ."way that he went out. Not a gleam of light had waked the sky from its sleep, though I had counted on a steely band in the east to give me not only a vague idea of the direction in which the Siouse faced, but to show me its character istics, which I had missed at midnight. It was still, however, that "darkest hour before the dawn" of wlwch poets sing, and as Hassan had, for reasons of his master's or his own, brought no lantern, we had again to feel our way down the gravelled path to the door in the wall, I tried to make some excuse for lingering, that I might- spy out some feature which would help guide me to the place in case circumstances rendered it important that I should recognise the house once more. But between Mr. Smith and his devoted ser- ! ,vitor J was hurried on, so that a pause for inspection was imjjossible, and I guessed .?why it was that my host had been so earnestly bent upon escorting me. Outside the garden gate was the hansom, and by its lights I coulil see that a box of good size had been placed 011 top. Within was the bag which Mr. Smith had mention ed, a handsome article of alligator skin, which attested his generosity at parting. Thanking him, ] looked back, as the cab was driven rapidly away, but already the door in the wall was closed, and flashing round the'eorner at a bivaic-neck pace as before, the house and the events which had taken'place within it seemed to l>e blotted out by the night, as> though they had never existed save in my own wild imaginings. Again I endeavoured to ronu some lidea ?of the direction in which 1 had been token, but, preposterous, as my failure appeared in any own.eyes, 1 had arrived within a short distance of Huston before ] realized that the (neighbourhood wa« not unfamiliar to me. As Mr. Smith had prophesied, I had not long to wait for the early train (in which I .was. to be a passenger, i liad only comfort able time to buy my ticket and see the label put upon my box (which was a new one, of an American pattern with a round ed top) when my ^.Icepy fellow-travellers began taking their places in the carriages. I observed that a common-looking man in knickerbockers, who got into a second-c'.ass compartment next mine, eyed me sharply. then turned away as if with sudden loss of interest; and I asked myself df the svstem of espionage in the past which Mr. Smith bad admitted was to be carried into the future. At all events T could not help connecting the man in knickerbockers, directly or in directly, with the mission which I had pledged myself to carry out. He might be a detective, set to watch that I followed my directions to the letter. In which case .the errand I was 011 assumed even greater importance than before, and became more puzzling, since, if Mr. Smith had a man in Oris service competent to report my move anents, why was lie 'wot equally competent to accomplish them himself, without paying ine to become a cat's-paw? Or, if not a person engaged to spy upon me, it might be that, in some way which I did not yet understand, we two were to work together, playing consciously or un consciously'' into each other's hands when jve^reached our destination. The train fairly stated, I began to piece together the loose links in the chain of mystery, and to make bold guesses at my own connection with them. What could there possibly be in the er rand u|»n which I was embarked woitii the bribe of five hundred pounds; or sup posing I should be cheated of the second half pi'omised me in Edinburgh-even the sum of itwo hundred and iiftv, with tra velling expenses in addition? The whole affair, as described to me in ad vance. by Mr. Smith, seemed absurdly simple on the surface, yet 1 racked my brains in vain to decide what there might be underneath. It occurred to me finally 4Jhat the most feasible solution of the riddle .might be found in the small jewel-case which Sir. Smith had handed me at the last moment, asking me to keep it in my pocket until I was ready to put it in charge of the ?manager of the Elsinore Hotel. Although the man had as.sured me tha.t Ho robbery was contemplated, I thought it mot unlikely that, if there were really iewels in the Russia-leather case, they were being sent to Scotland for a purpose; though how it was to be accomplished while the valuables were locked in a safe, awaiting my return, I could not see. Per haps there was to be a burglary, and the man in .the next compartment was the leader of the gang. .. It was comprised in my instructions that HJlie hotel manager should see the jewels before they were put away, and thus there fcould be no reason why I should not now lopen the box for a first peep. It-was not impossible,- I reflected, that Mr. Smith.was jtdie chief of a foreign band of Anarchists, iand that the apparently innocent leather case anight contain something which had better be carefully manipulated before pass- ? ing into the keeping of hapuy ignorance. These last arguments fixed my resolve, and En another instant iQie dank-blue box was but of my'pocket and in my hands, my fingers pressing the spring which unlocked it. I opened the thing as carefully I could, (half expecting an explosion, if I were reck less, which jnigtht cost more valuable lives fthan mine. But nothing of the ;sort hap iHpscb 'X'looked into an'ordinary jj£ntel-bdx, niatte %<i) hold miscellaneous -articles' which 5iad no cases of their OWIL, In^ fjatin-lined itray were' stuck a ljirge- vaiyety'T of scarf piua, eueh 'as some'men !ai'e fftrtd of using in thirties, and each .one was set. with at ieiist a single. precious 'stone, lifting the ttray, I'saw a gold cigarette-case, with a J diamond monogram so intricate that it was well nigh impossible' to decipher; a bangle, encrusted with rubies, and several rings,- -brilliant, sapphjre, and emerald, which might be worn either by a man or Ti'oman. It was a valuable collection, I judged though I knew little, of the* intrinsic worth of such things. But ias two or three hun dred pounds would doubtless cover the. cost it (hardly seemed possible tha't so elaborate a plot had been concocted for the sole pur ppse'rof getingthese bits "of jewels'out of England' and into Scotland. They would certainly suffice , to make the landlord feel more;than safe in keeping an expensive room for' me during my absence, which was the reason alleged for' bringing them into iihe game by Sir. Smith. But wljat was ultimately to become of them I found mysdf at the last as unable to guess I had been at first. My journey to Glasgow was uneventful. The train was late, and it was well on in the afternoon before we reached our desti nation. I wrote and sent a telegram to~my self, as I Iliad been directed to do, and then drove on to my hotel, the cabman who took me complaining bitterly of the weight of my large bos. Everything else happened exactly as ar ranged, even to the arrival of the telegram, whidb came while I was dressing after a cold tub in the very desirable room that I had taken. I spread out such things as I chose to spare from the contents of .the well stocked bag (which was to travel 011,with me pre sently),in picturesque confusion on the dress ing-table, and felt almost as healthy an- ap petite for my luncheon as if I had not been a discarded lover, a convicted cheat, a cash iered officer, and an unfortunate wretch, en gaged in an adventure of a strangely dubi ous character. My nerves were keyed to a high tension; and thong]], if I were to believe my host of the dark house among the trees, the most exciting part of my mission had ended, I persisted 111 cherishing the obstinate impres sion that in reality it had only just begun. I had seen nothing more of the man in knickerbockers after getting out of the train, though I had not neglected to glance about in (juefit of him at the station. But in the coffee-room where I lunched an indi vidual faced me at another table whose clothfs were less familiar than his features. I could not have sworn that the men were one awd the same; the idea that this was BO might have been a morbid trick of my ima gination. But though the disguise, if dis guise it were, was clever and comprehen sive, and the fellow's eyes were now -hidden behind a pair of blue glasses, I had a strong impression that. 1 was still under surveil lance. ikvpite tin's fact I ate in a leisurely man ner, and sauntered afterwards to the desk with as nonchalant an ail' as if I had not been conscious it'liat every one connected with the hotel, from the manager to the cashier, was curiously speculating upon the movements of Derek Napi'T, a ruined, dis honoured man, travelling, perhaps, on his spoils as a gambler. 1 delivered over the jewel-case, told my story about the telegram just received and the necessity for a night's absence, all ap parently to the satisfaction of the manager, and then went up to my room to prepare for my short journey. Just before 1 reach ed the stairs' I passed the man whom I suspected. He had now quite a scholarly air in his black clothes and his blue glasses. But though he appeared too absent-minded to notice me, absorbing himself in placing a marker between the pages of a book he held, 1 fancied that the eyes bthind the ugly spectacles were busy in another way. I had had a fire lighted in my room, as I could now afford luxury, and the day was bitinc cold for the time of year, even ill {Scotland. Drawing up <a big easy-chair, I had begun to look out times of trains in a railway guide I had obtained below when something stirred, as I thought, behind me. I looked round, expecting to find that a chambermaid had opened the door and entered so softly that I had not heard her as 1 Sit concealed from view by the baclc of the great "grandfather'' chair; but, to my surprise, the room was still without an occupant save myself. "After all, i.t must have been the crackl ing of the fire," 1 thought. "A curious mis take, though, to make in direction. 1 could have sworn it didn't conic from there." I turned my attention once more to the book, and presently forgot the error of; which my ears had been guilty. There was a. train, it appeared, which ?would suit me very well for Ayr, and hav ing ascertained also that I should be able io proceed to Edinburgh that night, it only remained to repack mv bag before 1 should set off. It struck me more forcibly than ever, as I put the things together, how' confidently ".Mr. Smith" had counted 011 my accepting his terms. He had prepared clothing for me. and as I stood six foot two in my stock inns it would not h'.vve been so easy to . transfer it to a substitute at the last mo ment, had T failed. lie had had this bag ready, with its fittings carefully selected; while there was actually a silver "N" 011 the backs of the black- handled brushes and the tops of the neat bottles. C'-ertLuinly it was all very curious; and I was wandering off into renewed speculations when once' more came a sound, so distinct, so close to my shoulder, that 1 actually started. This time I was sure that it haJ^-iiot been made by the crackling of the fire, for, though it had been .indescribable when I h'.id heard it before, it was now like a sup-;, pressed sigh , : Again 1 searched the room with a glaiiee. But it had none of the odd corners and angles of one or two among those which I had seen at the strange old house without a name. It was an ordinary bedroom, such as one may find repeated dozens of times over at most of the better-class hotels in Great Britain. Perfectly square an4 straightfor ward in its architecture, furnished only with a handsome "bedroom suite," it offer ed no- liiding-places save the wardrobe. For a moment I scorned to "examine it, since this was not last night; but' when Uie soft semblance of a sigh was repeated it occurred to me that by some odd chance a cat or dog might have been inadvertently, imprisoned, to be slowly asphyxated. ..With this fancy in my mind, I opened the wardrobe door, but only neat pink calico lining rewarded my eyes. Still not content- ? cd, I drew out each drawer,'in chest as well; as wardrobe, but all were empty save loiv inviting ? layers of snowy paper. ? "What an ass I am!"- I said aloud. "It's something in the next room-or I'm going off my bead." ? These last words I added because I heard the sound again; and, uuless there was something seriously wrong with my brails !the noise proceeded from, the room in which 1 I stood and-nowhere else.- -i:. ; ;i : I hesitated, at a loss what to think, and ^ ashamed of ? tlie queer, superstitious thrill' jwhich crept lijp my spine. I had laughed at ighoat stories go the old days when I was. -light-hearted, enough to laugh : at trilled, land had believed in little what was beyond . imy lten; yet here Tl was, on a bright after noon, at a Glasgow hotel, thinking, in spite .of sueh practical goo<? sense as 1 iiiight have " left, of the possibility tkat the place was' haunted. I had an uncomfortable. conviction thai, .had I what the Scotch call "second sight," . I should see a presence near -me. It even seemed that, without this gift,- should I turn suddenly enough, my eyes would catch the quick flitting jortu, intangible, yet visible. My hearing was intensified, untilthe air was full of whisperings, soft breaths in drawn in agony of pain or sorrow. . £ knew that so far, at least, I deceived nn-self. -? Strange sounds thei£*4vere, inex phcable sighinga; but they came only at in tervals, and I wished to be persuaded that these were, the result of my imagination. The mental strain of the past few weeks, and the phyical deprivations of the Ia<st four or five days, had told .upon me more disastrously than I had been aware per haps, and now had come the reaction "I'll get out of tihis into the air," I de cided, ' and see if I am not all right then, or if the noises still ring in my ears. If they do, there'll be nothing for me to be lieve hut t-hat my brain is unbalanced. I had thought I was stronger in mind and body; yet I suppose a man never knows himself. .Surely we all suffered far worse hardships tliait time in India,".. I assured myself, "when I for one never turned a hair, so it can't have been this short spell of starva tion and the two or three nights out of doors in the rain that have brought me to such a pass. If I am going mad, I've got to look deeper than that for the cause. Turn a man into a pariah, and you turn him into a maniac as well, it'may be; buit anyhow, I'll give myself another chance." I took up the bag, which I had )>acked and locked, and made for the door. I long ed to feel the fresh, cold air on my face, and to touch shoulders with men, even though they were strangers jostling me in the street, who did not know of the disgrace which stained me. I wondered whether had I I'eallv been guilty of the shame that should have been Lord Tessitt's, I should have felt vis I felt now; and if he too suffer ed, knowing that lie had stood by, watching me bear all for his daughter's Bake. I could still think rationally, I reflected, with a rising spark of hope. Surely this one last blow was not to fall upon me-1 was not to lose my reason! I had readied the door, and in another second I should have been out of the room, never to return. But as my foot touched the threshold there came from within a moan louder, more human in its tone than the eerie, faltering whispers before. l<or the. first time, the voice did not seem to float indefinitely in the air, but to have a local habitation. In spite of myself, I stopped, and, shutting the door, went back into tiio room. There was no question of ghosts now; an-.l T had got the assurance of my sanity agai:>; Tlie moan had actually been uttered, ana by the lips of a human being. ? 'The sound came from the box I had brought with me. 