Difficult % Dangerous ' CUAPTKll IY. HUGO AND ALICIA. ' How is Gilbert — getting better ?' he asked of Moyra.. ' No, I don't think lio is. Father is co miner homo next week.' Miss de. Burgh spoke to Lord Huntley, but slt.j looked at Mr. Meredith ; and Jocelyn looked at him, too, for the first time, and nearly laughed. Mr. Meredith was tall, and broad and barley. All his garments were most exquisite, and his wavy hair waB brushed to resemble satin. But it was so red as to make the beholder wink, and his pale, blue eyes were crooked in his rubicund counten ance. - Altogether, he was so frankly maeous tnac ne was luiiny. vj my the honesty of his face redeemed it. ' I was going away .next week,' he remarked, calmly, ' but I don't think I Bhall now. This neighbourhood will bo getting interesting.' ' Every man to his taste.' Miss de Burgh's tone was dry. ' Will, you both have tea V ' Don't offer Billy tea'; he's got'to go up and see Gilbert, and Gilbert will give him whiskey and soda. It isn't good for him, but be likes it, don't you, Billy ?' , And Mr. Mere dith's smilo was as calmly cheerful as if the tidings of Mr. de Burgh's advent had not given him a jar. 'You haven't a good refieshing qheek, have you ?' The. quick laugh in Lord Huntley's eyes Baid much for his friendship with Mr. Meredith. Just at present, Moyra, I'd liko a little, if Meredith will kindly allow it. And then, by Jove ! I must go and see Gilbert. There were fires On the hill last night !' significantly. ' Oh, dear 1' Moyra' s pretty bows Wrinkled. f Tbat means every man in the place drunk, I suppose, and more trouble, and horrid police.!' fIt means our dear friends are calmly setting us at defiance,' stretch ing out his hand for /his cup. ' God bless Ireland, but I wish she .would keep her whiskey distillers at jhome. f I don't think,' grimly. ' thaff after the last fiasco we'll have any more police. We'll take a band ourselves at finding tbat pleasant retreat in .the mountains which is responsible for turning a quiet lot of people into a good-for-nothing horde.' ' There ! I said thore would bo rowB,' Moyra said crossly. ' I sup pose if I were a magistrate, and ibad to punish people for fighting and beating their wives aud getting drunk, I should be agitated too, but as it is, I don't see why you bothei".' Jocelyn was looking at Huntley with great puzzled eyes. ' Do you meau,' she asked, ' that there is a hideous whiskey still in the mouutaiijs, and that vou can't find it?' 3 ' Exactly. Set up, as far as we know, by some Irishmen who just escaped being caught in the same business at home and took refuge .here. They might distil all tho whis key they liked if they would .do it quietly, hut they've demoralised the whole country.' ' Gilbert thiuks you're making a fuss about nothing,' Moyra observed. ' Well, sometimes I think we are myself, and sometimes I don't,' Hunt ley returned. 'It was your father who first started the agitation against it, Moyra.' ' You only care,' said the girl idirewdly, because so far the dis- tillers have been too clever for you,' Huntlev laciuhed. ' Moyra, you male outrageous state ments.' His , glance was sweet and kind as it tested on the gid. ' But I believe you,ve right. I do feel a little as though I'd been done in the eye.' ' Billy loves a fight ; so low of him Mr. Meredith remarked. 'Go on,. Billy4 atid interview Gilbert. I'm goinu to stay here.' ' You are if you're asked,' retoretd Miss de Burgh. ' By the way, Willie, Tommy. Nugent is going.' ' Thou I'm not,' Lord Huntley said dryly. I don't want Tommy Nugent to toll l 11 the world that I can't get rid of some men who are camped out on niy own land — and what's more, can't find them !' He drew a chair close to Jocelyn and looked at her with amusement in his keen face. ' You must think its a set of savage landlords, don't you ? he asked as she looked at ltinf,/. The girl had wonderful eyes, dark violet, and so deep. It was a pity she was so, pale. ' No, Ithink it's rather interesting. But do you mean you're going to try and raid them yourselves ?' ' Not exactly. Try and find their country retreat,' lightly, ' and then get the police and raid them. The police wore badty used last time, and I don't like having my- own teuantry auditing at lire.' 8 But if you raid them, won't there be a fight ? ' Piobably.' ' I w-nder what it would be like 1 to fLdit. I think I could if I tried — | if I had to,' said Jocelyn. ! Huntly turned and looked at her. Her hand was at her throat, feeling ! the pendant there, and she was re- ! nieinbering Martha's words abdut 1 the woll's mouth ; but lie could not j know it. He only saw that there was a duik fire in her. violet eyes, and a sudden colour iu her pale cheeks. Why, -the girl wa» beautiful. iHiave ng®)t yon could,' he said, slowkBpniut I hope you won't ho caldjjmonvto try., JSffBjSn.' Tho light WCut out of hfflMMrairas quickly as it had como Smpcr Sometliiug told her that if ' evor she had to fight it would bo -for her 'ife. To hide her face she took a book of photographs from a stand beside her.' 8 Do you want to see the pictur esque scenery "where the distillers flourish ?, Huntley asked, and she gave an indifferent assent as she opened the book. But it was not scenery, but portraits. Jocelyn sat stariug at the ph.otograph of a man" that took up tho' very first page. Lino for line, only older, it was the face of a man in her miniature. Her month felt stiff as she tried to speak. ' Who is that ? she said at last, her voice strange even to her own ears. ' That ?' Lord Huntley was aston ished, ' That is Hugo de Burgh, Miss de Burgh's father.' She could not know how piteous were her great startled eyeB, how white her face in her sudden unreas oning terror. Huntley felt as if he were looking at some harmless ani mal caught in a. torturing trap. ' He — he is not like Miss de Burgh Jocelyn faltered. 'No, he is liko his mother. Mrs de Burgh was a Lloyd — Alicia Lloyd.' But Miss Brown made no answer. Alicia ! So that was Alicia up stairs and Hugo was coming. . She looked round her liko a hunted thing,, and then she saw Huntley carefully looking away from hor. Was she going to betray herself to the first stranger she met h She leaned back pale and compos ed as before. Lord Huntly decided he must have been dreaming to im agine that she had looked tenified at sight of a photograph of Huge de Burgh! Chapter Y. molly moore of glen farm. Jocelyn awoke the next morning after a night of wild dreams, a.id lay staring at the gray November day. — She had walked up and down like a restless ghost most of the night, but with the morning light she felt brave again, even though she knew now that Mrs. de Burgh was the Alicia of her portrait. How she- had stared at it when once she wos alone iu her own room and how she maryeUed at her own blindness in not knowing it for that of the crippled woman. It was the gray hair, the woefully sunken eyes and cheeks that were altered ; the strong forehead, the wicked mouth, were just the same, only scored by years and suffering. And if Mrs. de Burgh (being Alicia, and her mortal enemy, as Martha said) had not known her, why should she fear Hugo ? Common sense said she had no reason ; intuition made her wonder if somehow Moyra's father had not been the means of Miss Barry's sum mary dismissal. Anyhow, she con cluded, he was not at the Castle de Burgh yet, and there was no sense in dreading him. Jocelyn got out of bed and dressed, dreading her summons to Mrs. de Burgh's room. But instead of the cripple's maid there arrived Moyra. - 'Granny is ill and dosen't want you,' she said, shortly, 'So if you would like to go out, do ! You can do what you like all day, for there will be no doing anything with Granny till father comes. She had some sort of a worrying letter from him yesterday, and last night she fretted herself into an attack. She won't do anything bufbry, and ask when he's coming home. I wish I could come out ; but I daren't leave the house for fear she gets worse. You go — you look,' frankly, ' as if you wanted some air.' fl do, my head aches., She was sorry Mrs. de Burgh was suffering, , but to have a day off was like a re prieve to a prisoner. It would make all the difference, too, to get used to knowing she was Alicia before she had to face hor sharp, black eyes. ' May I go anywhere I like V ' Yes, of course ; you need not he afraid of that silly story of Willie Huntley's about distillers. They don't matter a bit, really, if father would only let them alone. But he made them augry, and now they like to apnoy him. You won't meet a soul if you go towards the mountains.' And she was gone with a perturbed nod. Jocelyn ran down stairs with a heart that was almost light. The day was fine if grey, and the whole countryside lay before her to wander where she pleased. She went across the park to where the mountains looked nearest and came on a rough, winding up a steep hill. It was steep indeed, as she discovered after half a cfjmile,_wheu she was forced to stop Jand stand panting. ' 1 am gojug up to the rocky high part,' sho said, firmly. ' I want to see how Castle de Burgh looks from the top.' And piching up her short black skirts, she climbed on doggedly, The road grow rougher till it was only a track between gorse and hether. and then only a thread ; still she was on it, and she would keep on it, tough work as it was, it was better than sitting in Mrs de Burgh's hot room spoiling out fortunes with cards. Suddenly' sho saw ;Ehe had reached the top of tho hill, and was on the brink of small valley, in which was a farm house, and the sight was a welcome one. ' They havo milk iii farm houses,' sho said to herself, cheerfully, ' and Fa bo hot and thirsty,' And she scrambled down and across a field to a low gray stone house wliioh lay dr?ary and silent at the foot of the dark mountain. Tho I silence was almost death-like as she entered tho farm yard ; it was quite empty, not even a cow or a hon in it, ' and for a moraont she wondered', if | the'houso was empty too 1 She kocked lightly at the door, and Sftor a mom ent a women opened it, and looked curiously at her. ' Did you want to see me?' she said, slowly. Visitors were rare at the lonely farm house, nestled in the mountains, and not too welcome. ' No,' Jocelyn returned awkward ly, ' that is, I didn't know who lived here, but I thought perhaps you would give me a drink of water.' She was surprised at tho . .look of tho girl, so dainty aud fresh in a pale blue cotton gown, belted in round the waist with a neat leather belt. Somehow she had not the air of an ordinary farmer's daughter ; tall and big and brown haired, a fresh whole Borne colour in hor sunburnt cheeks, sho looked both handsome and im posing. ' A drink of water ? Of course,' she said, smiling. Sho looked be hind her into tho room. ' "Won't you come in ? Her voice was loud und distinct, as if she wanted someone in the house to hear, and she did not move aside from the doorway till her quick ears had caught tho sound of a gently closed door (somewhere bo- hind her, ' Yes, "please/ Jocelyn said, grate fully. c I'm tirod. I have come all the way from Castle do Bui'gh, aud I had no idea country walks were so — so steep,' smiling. ' I hav8 always lived in a town.' ' Castle de Burgh !' . repeated the other girl, quickly. ' How did you come to fiud your way up here ?' ' Oh, there was a sort of a path. Why, havo I como far ?, ' No, only about four miles; but this is au out-of-the-way place, and X don t seo many, people.' She led the way into a neat room, half kitchen, half dining room all exquisitely clean and bitterly poor. She put n chair near the wide fire place for her visiter, and Jocelyn was only too glad to sink down into it. ' You are tirod, aren't you f Sup- poso we have a cup of tea ? You shouldn't drink water when you are so hot.' Tho kettlo was boiliug on the hob, and the tall, fresh faced girl went to a" cupboard without waiting for an answer and psoduced a brown teapot Castle do Burgh — there was uo girl there that she knew hosides Miss Moyra de Burgh — this one must bo a visitor. But visitors at country houses were not apt to wear such shabby serge gowus. Whoevor sho was it would not do to havo people from Castlo de Burgh arriving aucl- donly at Glen Form. Sho must give her some tea aud soud hor away, poor thing, she looked tired. ' What place is this V asked Joce lyn, suddenly breaking in on the un easy reflections of her hostess. ' Glen Farm,' shortly. ' I am Molly Moore ; I live here with my brother.' Site watched Jocclyn's face covertly as sho poured the boi1- ing water into the teapot, but thore was 110 sign of intelligence there; evidently Gicn Farm and Molly Moore carried no meaning with them. Molly Moore. Somehow it suited the hig, handsome girl. ' Aren't yon lonely up here ? Do you ever come down?' ' When I want things in the vil lage ; lonely — yes I'm often lonely, but I'm never dull. For one thing, I love the mountains, and then I have the house to keep iu order, and my cowf..' I didn't see any cows,' rather thankfully. Molly Moore laughed. ' Of couifc you didn't. They are down the valley ; it is narrow, but it's quite long, and they wouldn't hurt you if you did meet them.' ' I know they wouldn't, »mfc I shouldn't be. able to keep thinking they would,' avowed Jocelyn sluimc- 1 facedly. ' For you see I never was in the country before.' 1 Castle de Burgh is rather a lonely place to be ;in with,' putting a browiy loaf and a dish of butter 011 a spot-"4 less white cloth. ' I haven'" time to be lonely ; at ; least, I had lint till to-day. I ani j Mrs, de Burgh's companion, and I j spend -most of my time in her room ; ; but tn-day she is ill, and Miss do Burgh sent me out. I have, laugh ing, ' a whole holiday, and I never , had one before in all my life. ' Mis. de Burgh's companion ! Molly M-.mre put cv 10:1 m her guest's tea with a liber;.! hand, and ! then poured out her own. There ' w is something si;-" wanted to know I about Castle do Burgh— sometning 1 which had been fretting her for two j days, and to save hor soul the could I not keep back her question. ' Mr. :lo Burgh is ill, too, isn't he ? Some one said so. > ' Mr. de Burgh ?' Jocelyn set down her untested cup of tea ; for l»Il« WilUi- 1I1DH1IL1/ OUU LtUU );uUGU Moyra's father ! ' Ho is not at Castle de Burgh,' she said slowly. ' He is | not coming till next week.' | The colour the walk had brought to her cheeks died there, oven the pretty carnation of her mouth paled. There were only four ciavs till next week — only four days before she and Hugo de Burgh must meet face to face, ' Oh, but he is, lie must be !' the dismay in Molly's voice made it j louder than she had meant and sho j glanced hastily behind her where a door stood ajar. ' He hurt his anklo 1 1 heard ho would nob be able to move for a month !' . Heard ! So she had, but from Gil bert do Burgh's own lips as he walked home painfully with the Aid of a stick and her own arm. Sho was as flushed as Jocelyn was pale as she waited for an answer. ' Oh, Mr. Gilbert de Burgh — I thought you meant Miss de Burgh's father ! Yes, lie can't walk at all. But I have never seen him. I have only been at Castlo de Burgh a few days.' Molly cut bread and butter with out answering. So Gilbert was tied to his room 'and Hugo coming home. That meant there would be trouble. Hugo must have heard something by this time. Sho lifted her handsome head sharply, as thpiigh someone called her. | 'Take another cup, won't 'you,. Miss — — ' she hesitated, and Joce- j lyu filled in the name. . | 'Brown,' she said laughing. ' It j is not so pretty as yours.' But! Molly Moore had risen swiftly. ' I've some cream cheese. Wouldn't you like some ?' she a ked, aud went out of the room shutting the door behind her. Standing just inside it, where some thing had told her he would be, was a tall mau, pale aud gray haired as no man has a right to be at fifty. He put his fingers to his lips aud Molly nodded as she led -dlie way into her dairy. ' It's all right, sho said, reassuring ly, for he looked strangely pale even for him, and he leaned heavily again st the dairy shelf as if his strength had loft him. ' Oh, Molly,' sho said, pitifully, I'm seeing ghosts this moruing. ' Don't, Mr. Richard, don't 1 she spoke as if he were a child, coaxing- ly. ' Do you moan that girl ? ' Tho girl, yes 1 For heaven's sake Molly, who is sho ? ' She is Mrs. de Burgh's compan ion, soothingly. ' Why, did you think you knew her ? ' I'd think so if she had not been in her' grave for ninotoon years. MJhat's hor name, Molly ? Find out quick, or I'll begin to think that my nineteen y-'ars in. a living gravo havo mado 1110 what' they said I was. Thore was sombre tiro in his hlii.o oyes that told an ugly story, and- the girl hurried to answer. (To bo'Contiuucd.) 