T H E PRICE O F SLAVE. few ' Bud and I B*t on the hi^h Wata of tfce r«nn« Intdiiiig the gophers on the otbtr aide. Wi mi madttiKtcBoreiBS, ft Alrirs had told on M agria—aba «u always doing it 1 We lived oa a tana. Alvira'a oar rater, and at that time she went to the town school; I •'powthat'i why ahe pat on ao maay. air*. » After we'd acared the gopkan into their holm Wa nt rtiH.mod thought awtilEj" At last J % •aid— " Bad, wtatll you do pay hff npf Now Bad's kind of ckicken-bemxted; tie nerei can think of aoythin^ verj bad, moch lew do it; so, to gin! him time, I of lay •kirt, and kept wbirlioE all the way along tin bank to the crilar.wkere pa blaachce Uw oelary, and back again without eta falling down once. When I got back Bndjgaaimd— •• Whatll you do, Jorttoa, to pay her np F n I Kke to scare Bad, and make him-look op to me; ao I crosaed my eyes and showed mytefth, like we do when we tell the Indian story te the naw acholara that come to oar 6chaol, fcnd aajra, way down in my throat— , " 111 sail her for a slave !" •• Oh, Jtaty," cried Bud, awful! WwM yo-j r* " I woold," I answered ; and to show him bow «uM»ooenMd I was I took a turn down the fcank of the ravine on oar toboggonslide. : We don't have a chaaoe to slide mncb 'canst pk nmkn m terrible foas abont that cellar door, and ws have to gat Bans Francis to pall it op praytime before begets home from town, ft We keep oa die good side of Hana Franri; by telling him dinner'* ready before we call the •tfcer meo, so^s be caa go in first.. He likes Christie, oar hired giri, and I a'pooe tfeeyU get snazried socDe 6aj, and theo we won't hare any yr^r- -H^rr.^, end 111 havn Co wash the dishes, too. • It does seem as if everything goes wrong inttin world ! r £ /'- After I'd slid down the ravine and walked tip again. Bud said, kind of reproachfully— : ,- " Jnsty, there ain't no rach thing as a slave. 53iey*rts all free." , Of course I knew there wasn't any more fela<& alaro^-bat I didn't think Bud did, BO I «u kind of at a lou what to anirwi r, w hen all (t on DO I thought of what ma amid one time •boat Brown's, orersouth o( ui : " Mn. Brown is a perfect slava to that man !" So I says to Bod— h u HW^fl tJavrV now, jost tiw Btmt's erer. Hr. Brown's wife is one.'' ' Bad Ux>o£tt awhile, and then asked if I supposed Mr. Brown would tike Alvir*. I k m to laogfa at Bad aooetimes, hs'i so iococotrt. "Of ooarae be wouldn't," I answered. "But «re could aell her to a man who hadn't a slave already—*B awful mean-looking inan." Bad«begmn to woaken at this, so I went en — •* Of coarse we couldn't (rot anything for her; We'd- probably bars to gira the man somrthing to boot, to get him to marry ber ; l>ut I guess if you'd bad to wear ber old clothes, as I have, yDo"d t>» willing to do most anythiug to get rid' of hw. Look here," I went on, standing up and holding oat my apron; -'its made out of ber old skirt. How'd you like to wear her old akirt^Mr. Bad "Well, I'd want it made into pants Bret," answered Bud, kind of hesitating. «' Yes,' 7 I said, and every boy that saw you would say, 4 There goes Bud Sybester with his , aster's skirt on 1'" j They wouldn'l!" cried Bud, getting red in j the face. " It'd be seweJ into breeches P I 4 1 They'd know it just the same, and they'd ! ask yon if you had a hiirioom on." | This brought Bud over to my way of think- ! lug, as I knew it wonld, for if there'* anything in this world that makes him mad, it's to be cade fun of. I We couldn't think who we coald get to mirry Alrira, and we went over and sat on the cutside greenhouse door, that slants, and talked it orer. There was no one mean enough to suit «s but Kd Rickets, the man that tends to pa's aelery. They plant it out in the Geld all summer, oyer rows of tiling; and we don't like Ed, 'cause one timo when he put the bose in one end of a row to run the water across the field we changed the nuzzle, when he wasn't ooking, into the moat around the curti' v. e d built; then we forgot about it, and the moat overflowed and flooded the field, Now if it hid been Hans Francis he new woold havo told ; but Bd did It «aa nice and sunny on the greenhouse door, and we'd taken our time to it, and said all tLe mean things about Kd llickets we could think of, when all at onct the door began to raise up. After we'd rolled off El Rickets stuck liii head ont and sfcid— ••Aw, now, you're just joking, ain't you ? " Just wait Ull we pay him up! Thrn we went along the creek to hunt for ri g r headF, and while we was there come err ib a man walking along with his hands be- I iu i him. I thofKtit as soon as I saw him that he would make a good slave owner, and 1 just him if he was murried. He lr.ugfcei, aud wanted to know where we *jining from. Bud told him we didn't f-pnug at ail ; wo w»s j ast hunting around ; and he asked L in wl at Lo was doing. )'c sobered up then and walked along with cs, ami sai.i he was a professor iu a University fct.iueuLeie and was out loeking for Indian rt-in s. 1 i^ked him wliat Indian relics was, and he *ai'l they was beads and hatchets and things tl.al live Indians buried in mounds with dead Indians a long time ago ; and did we know of aii\ mounds arnund here ? Tl.at set me thinking : I did know uf one, and I winked to Bud to keep still; then I said to the profrssor— " Wkiat'll you give for an Indian mound f He laoghed, kind of surprised, and said if it «as genuine he'd give a good deal. Bud seen then what I was after, and he ««kid— " Mr. Proftssor, are you married ?" *• Why do you want to know that ?" he r- jiliol. liughing. Then I whikpered to Bud, and he whispered to nis; and we decided we'll better tell the professor the whole thing, and make him an offer. 6o we told bim if he wasn't married, and would marry our sister Alvjra and make her a slave, we'd give him the Indian mouud aud call it square. He laughed the most I ever seen anybody [<ugh, anil asked us if we meant it. Then he inquired all about our family, and Alvira, and if she was pretty and evurything- I told him yew, file was ; and tbe Indian mound was a goort onr, 'cause I'd Rot somp beads out of it 1 could show him. He then asked as ri^ht out Whore it was—^ if «rc were such fools as to tell '. Bud mjj, "Uh, no, you don't!" and wjtifced, TLis made the professor kind of mad, and he walked around a bit with his hands in hi» pockets , then be asked— Where on i see your raster P" Bud told him we'd fix that, and he must awmr he'd never te!J a word of what we said to Lim, for we wouldn't show him the Indian mi und. After he'd done it asked him to go to tho big greenhouse while we was eating supper thtt night, and we'd come down and hide h in where he could see Alvira when we brought her tliera. I forfc-ol that that was the night when Han- Francis smokes the greenhouses, and we did 1m vc an awfnl time of it. We pat the professor pi a kind of crib in tho forcing-house. After an vine got in |t~was pretty hard to get out again ; then, too, it was very duity. TI.U i-moko of burning tobacco strma is all /cry well when you're used to it, bat when yoa ain't—well, you Just can't stand it, that's all. And, besides, the professor didn't know what was burning ; be Uwagfat the whole house was en fire. However he pit oat of that crib I can't imagine, but just as we'd all got arranged upapd ^he outer edge of one ot the furnace pit*, apd Alvira was going to tell tbe first ghost *tory, Ukp^r? <1? nj^bts whep they smoke the grr enhoujMV, »nd tbo amoke wag « thick yon could acarcely the rrib, all to «mct lent pnedrtyppd pat of it, bollerod ••d no. If there was an inch In all them 10 green* how* that toe prafeaaor di«n*t ran «r n" 1 rd tike to know It, I think be uptot eirery tfnflk thing (kit waan't nailed down brfore 6s (Ot oat Hatos Brand* was carryityj tbe little «hee* i n n t b e ^twos in from (Mi« boaae to «Lnotb<*.>ad ti* prof*sa«»r:^ad JLO Well, the "burglar" got **oy, FO I he-ird 'em telliag the ceigbboars. I'm Mire T eonl'tn't say, 'cause Bad and I sneaked oil to bed about that time. We didn't see the professor a^p.in for some fdaya, and thon we found him one morning walking along the creek looking for that mound. He didn't act at first as if he was glad to see as, and even wben Bud told him we hadn't a tiling against him he just lookad at ns in surprise and said— • Well, if yvu are not tbe most impudent children!" ^ I don't think that was very polite \ After a while be came around, and asked as how our lovely sister iu, and then we fixed it up to hare bim call apon p> some evening to consult him about books. He could come home on Friday erening, so'a Alvira wonld be at home ; and I'd fix it so that she'd come into the room. I beard sna calling mo tben, and I bad to go into the house. After I'd gone Bud got tkirgs mixed, and told the professor to mine Saturday evening initead. When Friday night came I got Alvira to fir ap by He 1 ling her I was most sure I heard pa invite one of the Briston boys over. I knew she couldn't prave anything by pa. 'cause he forgets awtul bad. Tho professor didn't come that night, and I ecu!dn't imagine wby. 'cause Bud had gone home with Oonrin Willie, aad never teld mo. Saturday night we was all except pa tired oat, and went to early. I never seen such a person as p.i is — be'll sit op till two in the morning and ri ad Byron's poems. Our house is pretty big, but what with having so many hired men, we don't have much sleeping room. Alvira stayed all tbe week in town, and when she came home Friday night she had to slt«p on a sofa in a little recess in our parlour. Now our house ain't built like the houses in town ; it don't have a front ball, so when you open the front door you Ftep right into the parioar. After everybody was asleep in tbe house but pa, there was a knock at the front door. Pa's a dear, good man, and we just wouldn't take anything in the world for bim, but he's the awfulest person to forget! On this occasion he forgot all about Alvira. He brought a lamp and set it on the parlour table, and then opened tbe door. Of course it was toe profeasor—what other luck could you expect ? Fa iuaiited on his coming right in, and when be found out who he waatbey begin to tilk about book?, Alrin soon woke up, and just, bad lo lay there with the bright light shining in her face, and those two men sitting quite near her. They couldn't see anything except her face and head, as the recess was partly curtainod off, and the sofa almost entirely bidden. But her head was enough; it looked awful. It's the style now to wear your hair crimped; Alvira. curls her short hair with a enrling iron, but the crimping she dees ^m big hairpins, which stick out every way and made her head look real fuuuy. By this time ma and 1 was up and trying to save her ; we could see her through the crick of the door, her cheeks like fire. She » so angry with pa that I just erpected to *ee ln-.r fly at him ; and there pa sat, gently strukiug his whirkers and smiling, the very persouiGcition of goodwill to man. Ma stood bick in the sitting-room, where tbe professor coulan't 6ee her, and made frantic motions to catch his eye; and when at last rbe succeeded what did the dear old pa do? Instead ot taking the hint and excusing huus' [f he just- stopped abruptly what he was saying, and turning upon ma a beaming smile assed hT what she wanted. Of course ma had to go into the pirlour then and tell pa to bring his company out into the sitting-room. There was a smile around tiic professor's moustache all the rest of tnc evening, and he lookeu at me once and winked, l'a hked him very much, and he sat and talked tul 11 o'clock. He told pa he ought to send me to the town school, 'cause I wns a bright tne. He came to our house lots oT times alt« r tb»t. and as soon as Alvira was through school lie married her ; but my'. you never could m.it.e Alvira believe Bud and I nude that match ; she thinks tbe professor fell in love with her. Just imagine a man falling in love with any girl after seeing her with a lot of crimping pus on Ler head Alvira is the most deluded creature '. We showed the professor where the Indian mound was; he never coald have guensed. Ihey dug through one side of it when they made the celery cellar, so all-he had to do was to go inside of the oellar and dig strai<nit out in a certain place, and thera was the heart of the mound. We found our beads right on the cellar wall, and we didn't know it was a mound till 1 thought ot it. The professor dug right in -»ith a shovel and his hands. The idea of putting your hands in such a moss ! You'd never catch me doing it ! 