SECOND READINGS. » -. O- i ? ?_. I (By T. D.) PHILIP BURKE MARSTON. To thosD who know Phillp Burke Maraton's work It may seem'strangtí that the choice for a Second Reading'should fall on him. One would imagine',him top- spinbre or too pas- sionate by turns "to justify scanning his poems when a quiet evening with no unkind inlluenctö to diaurb is,i,hi> one desideratum. But now-and again even the happiest of us ¿ave our gloomy days-days when it is our enjoyment to steep ourselves in clouds of gray. And Marston's sorrow is, after all, one that soothes rather than disquiets. It is so deep, 6o heartbroken, the remem- brance of his darkened life U so puiguant, that, selfish though it be, comparisons aro inevitable, and we contrast his daily round With "ours, and find how, much more we, have to be thankful for. "Can one Imagine a harder lot than his ? " The Blind Poet !" What messages of misery those three simple words convey ! And then, as though fate had singled him out to show the world how much misfortuue sho could heap on the bowed shoulders of one man, she took from him, be.-.ld03 his eight, all that had made life worth the living. Mother,' t father, sisters, sweetheart-all went from him, leav- ing him to fight tho.blacknes3 alone. Small wonder is it that when everything Is gone his soul goes out in its loneliness, and his cry of absolute sadness is heard in this : I walk 'neath sunless skies ; by flowerlcKs ways With failing feet and heavy heart I go. Through leafless trees vague winds of twilight blow A strange, still land it is ; ghosts of old days Uisu up to meet me, a beloved dead face Hmerges on my path ; or, sweet and low Tho accents of some voice I used to know full on my heart, where only sorrow stays. My ghostly land, where tliro', myself a ghosj:, 1 journey ever toward that stranger 'stranli' By which no ships from this world ever coast. Ah, there, shall I lemcmbcr, still my Land Î Nay,. Clod,-If any Cod indeed there bo, Grant me, in Death, release (rom memoiy. But oven in the midst of it all he can sing of true passion. Robert Buchanan and others of his kind would doubtless call him fleshly ; but, as you read, and feel the yearning throb that pulses through his versa, that stigma falls from him as a garment. It is borne in upon you that he is far above the ordinary human feeling3, far removed from all the cUisn and counter-clash of minor emotions. He stands aloof untouched of the world, but, wjth his imagination and sensitiveness combined to help him, he can portray such a passion-racked woman as he does in " A Christmas Vigil," a poem al- most-not quite-Swinburnlan in character, but without (to the full), the roses and rnp turea of 'England's most sensually sensuous peet. Or if that be too human for your lik- ing, take at a venture any of his other son- nets wherein he tells of the love lost, and this long since, but remembered yet. Was it for this we met three years ago ;' Took hands, spake low, eat side by tide, and board , Tlic sleeping trees beneath us touched and s,tji red By some milli twilight wind, os soft as snow, And with tho sun's late kisses still- aglow ? AVas it for t|iis the end was so deferred ? For this thy lips at length let tbiougli Hie word That sai ed my soul, as all Love's angels know ? Was it foi Mils, tiiat sweet word being said, We kissed, and clima; together in our bubs, And walked within Love's sunlight and Love's shade ? Was it for this-to dwell henceforth apart, One housed with death, and one with beggared heait ? Nay, tuiely, love, it was for more than this. To men of grosser clay, perhaps, there may seem a note in the lines of his loye topics that awakes too Insistent a chord in their own nature. It may be that his words arouse in their breasts too many hints of luman naturo close to theil, own. But to tho3e who can grasp the personality of the peet shining through all his work there is no such suggestion. To them ho is for abovo and beyond such ordinary manlike feelings, but that ho may be excused to those who see him in the lesser light take Sir Launcelot's song to Genieveve. She is fresh, and she is bright. Joyous as tile morning lisl't. 'J'oni'or as ii summer night. Wherein men 'ose their souls for blies, .And ails come waited like'a kiss' From crimson lips of Guenevere ; Who so stately, who u. ian- - " ' , . ' As'tnyltwn love", Guenevere ? -. " ' . Or thUs to a child : I kiss you, dear, and very sweet ^s this ,-. To feel you are not tawted'-by my kiss ;" Cjipg with your warm, solt arms about mo so, Clive mc one small, sweet kiss, and murmur low In speech as sweet n'ï'broken music is. Even if we eliminate "mo3t of his passion- ate poems, there is much in Marston to keep our spirits at rest:- First and foremost there is his worship of the sea. In all her aspects the great mother ocean appeals to him. " Tho soft, low ripples," " billows warm with storm Instead of sun," " the warm, sweet- smelling foam." " the moan of billows," " white-sailed ships dreaming on their shining way"-one and all he loves her. And as lines like these recur again and yet again throughout his verse, you catch yourself dreaming of sun-baked benches, with a warm, wet wind shouting through Çhe trees that fringe it, of the league-long roller, or of the gentle wash of waves. Then from that you drift on into the hues of hazy thought the play of the over-restless ocean always brings up. Therefore, before you take the half-forgotten volume up again read ttyis Have we not loved the sea together, dear ? Not as tiley love who come one hour a day, To breathe its life, and then come not too near, Lost the waves take them in the face with apiaj; Yea, when the heat » fiery scourge became, And mjrlad shafts of sunlight charged the main, We did not fall at all ! Our eyes could pierce Between the blinding air and steaming beach To where, weighed on by summer, uii .mu huicc, ' The sea lay tranced in bÍTís too del;p for speech. , But it is ijot only the sea of Nature's wonders that the blind poet reveres. You may join w.ith him }n worship at other shrines of the same great god. It is here that his work loses that unutterable sad- ness that marks his personal poems, and such lines and verses Jighlen the grayness of his poetry. As one reads one^Xorgets his Jack of slglit* impelled to that forgetfulnoss by the grasp he has of all the'delights of English rural scenes. Could any imagine that a mon whose days and nights were blank alike, to whom the beauties of spring and summer were painted by words alone, could write as he does in " Out of Eden" Again tlie summer comes, and all is fair ; A sea of temlei blu«1, tile iky o'cihcaiji Stretches its peace ; the roses, white and red, Through tlie deep silence of the tranced air, Ih a mute ecstasy of love declare Their souls in perfume, while their leaves are fed With dew ami moonlight, that fall, softly shed like slumber on pure evella*, unan ire Lines like these set one eagerly on the search for more And in the finding one almost seems " to feel the wind against you as you run, ' can reallso the pleasuies of "the wild beginning of the spring,' of 'wind stirred bow ors," 'the warm, keen smell of hay," " the paths with lilies anti with îosos sown," that were his by every sense but seeing And, in his " Garden Secrets," the beauties of his adoiation aie there to en- chant you in plenty The graceful delicacy of " The Rose and the Wind,' or " The Garden's Loss," the dainty choim of " Garden Fairies," are all of a nature to fascinate Thus, for an Instance Goldui butterflies glenn in the sun, 1 aii8li it the Howers, and 1 ist i tell one , And prout bees tone, with then sleepy lune, To sip their honey and circle iround , \ small white cloud In a sky of blue , Keßes and lilies, what will they do ? 1 oi a wind springs up, and sings in tho trees Down comes the rain , the gardens awake , Hoses ano; lilies begin to quake, Hill were rocked to sleep by the gentle breera \nd then, for another taste take, as It please you, the quaint Imagery of " Wind Gardens"- , Midwav between earth and si v There the wild wind gaiclena Ile, 1'osfcing gardens, secret boners, Hill of song, and full of Howers, Wafting jjoivn to na "bejow ' Such a fragrance na we know Never jet had lily or ro-.c That our tauest garden knows It is always best to leave Marston hore, when the story of his sad existence has been thrust ia the background by these yerseB f «nd others juat as musical. But,- neverthe- less, you are loth to do bo. There is a I grip about his sorrow that brings you bask I to it, even though you .desire Jt not. "Back- wards and forwards through his pages your fingers turn, catching the minor melody In many of them, until, as the evening weare to its close, you are at last arrested and satis- fied with his sonnet, " In Praise of Sleep" There is a land whore nightly l¡ repair, At whose dim gate I put my cross asido, Stretch out my arms towards Best as toward a bride, And am withal assuaged. Ah, even there, Beyond falso hope, beyond the stress of prayer, Beyond the hurt and smart of broken pride, Witli no more hunger for sweet things denied, My heart has rest and respite from despair. Ü, land of mystic shapes and languid pleasure Waste fields of poppies without track it Been», O scentless lilies by the voiceless streams Wilora come my ghosts, and dance a silent measur?, Hold my last joy now ; only in dear dream« Give back to me, sometimes,, my burled treasure. Marston's message may be a monotonoui one, his'genious may be a circumscribed one, but you find excuses for him, and, after all, 'his songs, sombre though they, be, hold you enchained while they are but slightly, if at all, unrestful in their character. And as the hook closes regretfully you remember his lines on " A ¡Wish," and forgive him everything- , 1 do but a.sk n little time of peace \- Before Hie end of nil. I crave no bliss; I crave no love, nor fame, but only tliis On summer days to bask beneath old trees, Or, 'half asleep, fo lie by gentle seas, "" Healing tho waves that whisper ero tfley kl«i Then break and babble ; or, when twilight is, And one by one the birds from singing cease, Wander 'ho patient, tranquil bills among, And languis!, in an exquisite regret, And hero a sad, but not discordant song Possess tile air ; and when the sun is set, Lie down with thankfulness to know, ere Ion?, All things that ever were, I shall forget. 