-At the present .time, when the whole ?rnrld is oaperly -watching the progress of the war in South Africa, and the relative value of the variou.-, arms L- beinp not only! considered by expert.- bu! discussed -Uily nmong'till fla.-.-cs of ihe public, a narel contrivance for gesting over the ground Quickly is beni^ actually tested by the French infantry. Xon-rommissioned offi cers and men of the Tliirty-K.urtli infantry, jM'frimcnt have been practicing in Uic ''Lande.s' on ,-tii!.-, ivith, it i.s slid, ex cellent results. They wcr.' nble to move at; a great pace, and to lay a military telegraph, line more rapidly than cm U- done by to'.i diers similarly employed c,ii horseback. The ciM' with which l':iry c. ivcred the p round -ivitJi (.riant stride*, planting t,hs poM,s and fining the wire.-, ha.- fxntal con. nid-.rablo comment on this side of the ChaJi iiel, while tiie -wish j.- cxprc^M-d *,b,iit this ingenious idea -''muld lie pwn ti vrry full tri.il, as it, illicit prove t,- be of uk- to art army in [he lield in various ways. The sol diers on .-,1 ths. --?](?! -led from the regiment; stationed at Mr-nip ,1,. M;irsoii, raced along the banks of the .\d;mr a-, quickly aslior.-es, placing pos:- anil wire on their way. Tneru wa.s no diliicuhy iviicn the men hnd «?:? quired the art of walking six feet above the protind, and they were able to do the won: in a very efficient manner. u- the groat, sat i.-fai-tion of tho-e who had initialed this oiiginal idea. Tiie pca.-ant .-nepherds of the 'Lande.-' Imve made use c,\ high stilt* 1'o.r ?lges pa -it when following their Hocks over the vast sandy wastes, covered wit.h morass and marsh la n Is, which arc clriratieristic of ihi.s region. In the.-e dreary solitudes, olten patched witii slur I gr.i.v- and heather, [ have watched the weird figures -tkiminim; over tilie ground on their lanky wooden lea.-', and resembling at a distance huge cranes or pelicans. They stand frequently more thau mx feet from the ground, and from long habit can walk freely, while retaining the freedom of their hands for other purposes. Tiie loot rests on a projection of the staff, 'ivltich is also firmly strapped to tlhf wearer's leg, and with a little pains can master th-2 initial difliculty of balance— Exchange. -Much abused Britain, the country past reason hated, is still remarkably popular as a home of refuge, and a dwelling-place for the dissatisfied or the adventurous sons of., other nation.-. .During 1S09 no fewer thai!^ ' 114, 1G1 aliens eam-- to England, against ? SH,2G1 in 1808. After deducting 4-l,!»4-), who re-embarked for place.- ou:.sid-- of ?the Uni ted Kingdom, we have a remainder of 61,'21'J persons who were willinc to live iu the brutal Anglo-Saxon's country. Scandi navians and Hermans are the most- mime rou.-. among the new arrivals. These two nations sevm to have much in common with, the liritish people. Renter's correspondent at Phiiippopolis writes as follows: — An interesting discovery has lately been made by M. (Jeorges Seur'j, associate of the University of France and member of the French Archaeological school at Athens, in the shape ot a Thra cia.n triumphal car of the latter Roman period, or about the 4th century A.I). It was excavated in the ?tumulus (ailed Dou hova (ghosts' mound I, at the foot of the Koudopes, near the village of J'.istousha, situated to the ,-outh-wcst of l'hilippopoiis. In this barrow mu-t. have been buried t.u.s servants and l-e!ongings of sonic great gene* ral, who evidently fell in Kerne battle, fought close by. All the metallic tittings of the chariot, with small bronze figures ;is decorations, and the harness for oue horso were found, together with Jive human skulls and several .-emi-decayed swords ana lances. .\1. Seure' ha.- put the whole to gether in perfect order, and the complete chariot is now exhibited in the museum here, together with several earthenware ]-ots and lachrymatories also found in the barrow. JJy the express desire of Pnnco Ferdinand, who came down to sec these in ^resting relics of antiquity, the. chariot wil1 remain in thin town. The discovery lia.-i so pleased his iioyal Highness in at he ha.-; offered to give from his private purse the sum of lO.IKim'., to which the Bulgarian (io vcniment will add ,r-,U0OI'., and the French another 5,0001'., for the purpose of continu ing these archaeological researches iu the country. _M. ,Seure states that this is the third ivonian chariot discovered. One of liic. other two, in marble, is preserved in Luc Wtican museum at llomc. 'J lie ponies j'our-iu-liaiul, which took ilia prize at the- -Mount Kirker IShow, were shown by .Mes.-rs. l.'hiipniiui & Hair, not by Hair it -ijii-, .is stated uu Friday. We have received a cop of the 'Annual .Mining llcvicw'' of the Charters Towers goldlicld.-, for 1SII0. It gives particulars of the operations of the mines in that dis trict tor the twelve months. In another column will be found notices of considerable intcn'sl to candidates tor the ^ccuish Corps. The Sufi Oliicc, medi cal, and other examinations, will Uike pjacfi within the Old Exhibition Building, Fromc road, on the vvenings of Tuesday, Wcdnct -l;.y, and Friday of this wtrk. Candidates accepted by the Commandant must sign ut'dcr the Act of 18!)5, us well a.s subscribe t) the constitution 'of the company,' ani'^1 pay towards the Corps Fund shuch siml^1 a.- is sl'I forth in the conditions. ,Sn fur 157 men have com], lied with nil require ments up to this stage, and before many days- we shrill have in our midst a fine, body of men, all Scots, in active preparation and c;iger to don the cla-.-ic kilt. An advertisement in our other columns directs the attention of those interested in sulphate of miiii'inu to t.'hc dates of the aw- tioii Killer., (lining ](ll)ll, at Batavin, .lava. -Messrs. (Jibbs, Bright, & Co., of Adelaide, are acting for the representatives. 01 the liandong (Juininr Factory, l.-d., and will bo plciistul Id forward any orders cm rusted to thvir care. Which is the best drink? Shakspearo held that ''a quart of ale Is a dish for a king,'' and history tells of many royal per sonages who have beun partial to the nqblo beverage, amongst others the beautiful Mary Queen of Soots, during whose im prisonment Mr. Secretary Walsingham in forms Sir Robert Sadler that 'beere may. be provided for Her Majcstie's use at Bur ton, three myles off.' Good beer has a soothing as well as a ..lightly stimulating effect, and in the rush, worry, and excite ment of modern life no drink couid be morc suitable. It gives an appetite, it aids di gestion, it supplies precioiis mlts to the body, it is a iood, and, witiiout unduly ex citing, it has a genial effect on the spirits. In the production of a good ale, time, at tention, and personal supervision arc neces sary; in fact, sacrilircs must lie made. At Cooper'.- Brewery, Upper Kensington, they .-tint neither null, nor hops, nor time. Their aim is to show this noble drink at its best. nl8wszEc The two best and cheapest Sewuigma cliincf arc the Xrw Home (treadle) and Now National (hand). Perfectly simple, and with fair usage cannot get out of order. Sold on easiest terms of p.iym nt;. A. W. Dobbie & Co., Sulc Acent.-, Uawlcr-plnce. nL'SUc Best Bread.— Two .-hillings in the pouna is saved by buying bread on our ticket system. 15e.-t and pure.-t bread delivered everywhere daily. Telephone 645. Fred. Brickncli, Kent 'J'owii. n2Gruwfc 