NEWS AND NOTES I IN A I NUTSHELL I THE BUSY MAN'S COttlMIi: ; ' I Bossier ghosts. ' i - i I Tlit lliM-y Huns of oh!. - , Ui-rinuns getting even with thbin. " I Tlitisis'TxpliiiiieiralroohieHlfiCliinaV I llciimilaihle nttempted justification I'.v Prussian War Minister. ' ' I .Socaiist crilles making thing liot I f«r the Kaiser's - (hm-rumeni'/' i!n'"; I VncJitiiig picture# |U "TlnPj'WcBfcly Tiuns." Iliu.-trnilons of the AVaratnh, I Hte rirn mid the Crusnder. I Au AH!-lo-I5gyptiiiii expiuiltloti hit# I n.uted to explore ami esinhllrh nilll- I «ry posts in the equatorial district of iLhi-el-GIiazai. I Market for Austmiinn stock on Lon- I dan Kxchauge eontimu! without ma- I leriji! alterntloit. Yesterday's ''quota- I ilutis on page l».' I Ike West Australian Government is I wiling a 3>(. per eent. Joan of IvSfi.ODfi I the Loudon market, the inliilmuiit I wing fixed nt par. Tenders will' 'be I opened next Tuesday. \ ' 1 : I During thu empnnnelliug of 'a' Jury at I Hie Crimliuii Court tu-ilny tea 'of /the I hVeIvL' K»od men und true 'wlid!'liail I aried on the ease of Mr Helcm Wright I yesterday were called, hitr'the ' Crbwn I ordered them till to Htnnd aalUu. I Excellent double-page or portrait# of I Jl'e nlnety-five meinlier of the Legls- I WHve Assembly in "The Weekly I J I'lies." The portraits, tve KK! i'hliiiP-ii- I o.l to state, are froni photographs by I Mendelssohn ttiscl Co., Talma, Johnstone, I O'Miiiiiinossy nihl Co., A'nhdyek, and I l'ull;. "PL' I hi answer to "Bhick Bes.""Our b(V- I tor tills evening give a nerve-set I ling I ('rescript fou |0 otic who eomplains of I lUTvousnes, siiyhig "tho 'lefts?1 Utile; i "rlKht or Htiirt or any excitbmen'tv n'h'l I Jty hand slifvei' ttud I blush." Plainly I fiiui question does not com# frofa'n pdli- I tifbui. ,.t : I hi addition to the series of special, I rigncd articles by prominent men am! women now appearing In "The Her- nhr every Frltluy evening, ive in an- 'fiher column to-day annouiiie h scrle r Kpoclnl articles on "Tiie Good Old Century," l»y Jlr Alexiinder Slither- »'1. The first of these will ttppi'm on "'k'Mlay, and they will be1 eoutluueii » TtioKdays,' ' ' "Nervous exhaustion" Is the verdict of Our Doctor this evenlng7in a cane iiescrlhed by tiie HUtfcrer/ wlift' piits ids I 'mptoms thu, 4,I lmvu iVrt'lnvlluntldu for nny kind of food, auii'Vtiive n'ti er- "JtaHled, empty feeling. I Imvo uo nil- PtK)', mid want uothlug1 td' /lo'.'hut lie j i-iiin very drowsy, ',riud :':fUuk'i lu! n klud. of dreamy >ttiiidf,l,: neither J ftdeep nor awake, not notlclug nuy- , thiiig goiDg'on around me. . I suffer i whli bnd memory."- Probably the in- Atrial, sins of-a too-busv. mtin. finding out. ' Nature" insist «Mi|)ifn!lier pen- fillies wheu yod violate her laws. ' < | ' '' ; ' - Governor-General. . Bad uew regai'ding trim. Weak lie lias to he carried about. Hope y tliat Lord ibqieiouii will pick «1» mi Ihe voyage I., Ausiralla. He has sailed from Bombay, and is now en route, via Colombo, to Sydney. Splendid weather only equalled bv ihe lm»g range shooting at Wllllmnstowti to day. Some remarkable scores made/ « t ,you 11 «lshrr wits fi'hcd of a wlitif: lu Hp Supreme Court to-day. "There 1 my fn>n wife's Ifi'othor's wife." he replied. "toctjlit for om, „v„ ,..v,:c|,tioiis. l«il|,rtll uu.i 1-flliibli. CTHIl-s nru ns s<-.ii-i-i. ,is nro pn!:n> i„.„r» on our River Murray."—1 "Nono." Tho rollutvliiK in TO tin- r.-uiliiii-s |,.v Gntmf.s hisinimouts nt iinon IihImv-- lluroitiotor. .misn. r„ll!i,t-. TboniiHui... <»'. 1-S.loo,: stiado. 7 Lord Ilopotonu tub. sniloil rmm Ib.in- «ll. wute.tw sj-uiioj-,. lift intnok or ci.ysuuiorj- itns n-rniiiti in' \- ,l..R'n.tF. tlitu liiv ImO to th! oar- .rloil an hoard tho atoaioor In a tuitlvo litter. ' In responu to representation# by Mr IL Copolnml, the Agent-General for New South Wale, the AYar Ollice hn ngreed to imrcluisu some' of the Aus- t nillnii horses which have survived the South African -campaign. John Dowdle, Henry Johnson. James O'Sliannessy, Alfred Cropley. and .Mo.s Mfillli, charged with the nuhder of thu: eld man. James Vmiue, In. Queen Niniet a low week# ago, worn ttgaln reuiaudetl. for a week at the City Court to-day. To-morrow the seeomi of our series of . special, signed articles -hy prominent men and women mi question of the day will lie published. . In this Jlu Right Hon. Kir Charles- Dilke, Bu'rP M.P.. deals with "Tho "Defence of the Empire." . According to .Mr G. \v, Snmlley, the Washington eorrespondeiit of Tho Times," Hie altitude t>( Amerku Im plies a belief that Urn. Powers are de manding an impossible Indemnity from China In order to make., ihe pnrtillon of U"' Empire inevitable. - the mystery of the Kaiser's famous "no quarter" speech Is now explained, ! The German troop in China, It' -ap pears. are merely wiping out .the old scores remaining since the Invasion nt Europe by-Hie Hons way back. In the fourth and fifth centuries; ' I "A children's room, with appropriate hooks, tables, ami seats, and a lady nr- tcmbiht, would ho u.nmtter of course -hi- our. public libraries, If it were known bow well' it ha worked, in; Aiiicrica." .Stf writes "A Mother" In the ladle.-.' open column of "The Weekly Times." llerr Rebel, the leader of tho .German' Socialists, is altogether too inquisitive. He wants to know how It la that the Berlin papers, which bubbled over wl'h moral Indignation at the alleged ntroei- i lies of tin British in South Africa, are silent on .the subject of German savag ery In China. ' -New-' South "Wnhs— Leghdmive As sembly has passed the second reading of the Woman Franchise Bill. A pro- pnsnl In committee to mutt the clause prohlhtiiig women from sitting In Par liament was defeated. The attitude which the Legislative Council will lake up will he watched with interest, "So they were married, ami all ended happily." Millionaire Zimmerman, whose daughter Helena was qubtl.v married the o'lter day to tlm yoisiig and penniless Duke uf Manchester, ha re lented, and will give the young couple hi blessing, and doubtless something toward setting them up in their house keeping; ' ' " Tlm Presbyterian Assembly not yet 'finished with the dlsagreenuit whleii arose yesterday between tin? Ituv. Dr. Marshall and the Rev. Dr. Reutoul. Tlm words used by Hie latter. Tarring to something done by Dr. Marshall being "a shame (o the church of lit fathers." were called In question, and 'another in teresting debate took place, Opening with the observation that "rhyme will ruin poetry"— which strikis i us as lielug a misty Jar for quite a nnm- 1 Iwr of fatielful Ink- slingers—1 "Nono" this evening offers au interesting m.lKe ' of the Philharmonic Society's concert j last nlghl. Very early after his open- lug remark lie obliquely justifies R by :t reference to Ihe "In Memorlatn" verse which one reads hi a newspaper. The rest Is about Dvorak's "St a hat Mater." 