CHAPTER XXXII. i:Arth r Fielding remained at the Castle intil-the luncheon- bell rang ; then he? rose reluctantly and looked at Margaret, who was arranging a bouquet of fresh-cut hot house flowers for Jessie. S' Won't you stay and lunch with us, iMr Fielding P' Lady Alingford asked languidly ' We shall be stupidly dull this afternoon. Yesterday there were several callers but to day Mrs Lynden is ' At home ' to no one." Arthur eagerly watched Margaret's face, she appeared to road his thoughts, ' If I shall not bore you,' he began ; but she smiled, at him so sweetly that he colour ed to the'roots of his hair. I' should like to hear you - read some thing to us,-Mr F'elding,' she said, ' from the book of new poems which: you brought for me. 'I have fallen under the spell of the writer, and you read so well I' A ' Do IP?' he asked, his face paling and flushing. His dreamy eyes glowed with a wild light. ' I never valued that accomplish ment until this moment, If I can give you any pleasure by reading to you my own re ward will be a divine delight I' Lady Alingford laughed pleasantly.: Arthur Fielding amused her.. She :liked the eccentric boy. He remained to lunch, and believed himself to be on the borders of an enchanted world. Later they adjourned to a 'pleisanit room which communioated with ,Margaret's boudoir. It was-furnished as a music-room and library combined, and was quite a bower of beauty and rich colouring. . The furnitui-e was elegha?t in design~ aiid exquis• ite in finish. The hangings were of delicate -silk,-ornamented with wreaths of lilies"-'aiid roses. The air was fragrant with the. odours firom :a "'dten curiously-wrouight 'vases filled .:with flowers. The. window, `which opeied upon a noble balcony com manded a magnificent view of "terraces, and lawns; of garden 'and' woodlands'while'" the rhythmical murmur of the.sea floated pleas antly to their ears. The sun shone gloriously over alli. ' I feel inuch; 'asi the lotus eaitees or -the opium-sinokeis m'st fel' '' Artliii' Field .ingsaid, with a sigh of content.- I I htpr pmaans of advancing fame in the, song of.tlie wind. I close my eyes and dream that I am ,a.conqueror. I do not .wnder :that you ]ove :Ferndale,: Mrs -Lyndeii. ;': It is pairadise-a paradise not`,without its angel !' ' SadyAlingfordshbook iher fan at him in mock reproof: SWhat a bo you are for making pretty ifpee:hes JNow tell us about the` wonder ful onefthough I. cannot for the life of ?en make'oht'why ,you ; can't work until you havei wasted several hours every day moon inabout the-Ferndale gallery! I' Arthur was silent-his .thoughts seemied to be far away. : . ,"" fe - SThe subject of my. picture is a secret. for th'e present,'; he said at length. ;,....I roam the Feradaledgallery iiot-for inspiratio?, bi.t to discover the secret of some of the great. masters in tho blending of flesh-tints, .. . 'Then itis a portrait I' cried Lady Aling 'I did not say so,' said Arthur, annoyed. then he turned to Margaret., Mrs Lynden, ?I vwant' your '-,perinission to explore the -centre.tower. .I have had dreams of fabulous treasure.hiddeu away th?re-i I do.iot mBean 'gold or -jewels, but works of 'are .Your ,grandfather hid'the reiputation of being an ecoentri mian. He lived maiy hours of the dayin the centre:tower, and, permitted no servant to spy upon his movements. I. may light upon p i books and' paintings of great value, and I''X, promiseo not,.- to "disturb the family ghost I': Margaret unders lood him?.. He .was thinking- ' of- the portrait :,:of young Paul Carroll.: Her heart became -colder, her face grew, pale. .The,' iruel; worda of Lady Natalie rang in her ears. : e' ?: ,. '-My permission is grauted,":Mr Fielding,' she answered.' I have not' yet .asked for the keys, but I believe thatbthey are in :the library safe.' His boyish face flished.. with gratification ';To-morrow will be Sunday,' 'ie said half regretfully.: " 'I will begin my explora tions on the day following. We': shall see you at church, I hope ?' '.:He lo.iniged over the -piano, and ran his fingers lightly. over the keys... The" music was-dreamful, soulful, and his face became impassioned. -Lady Alingford 'closed her eyes. She delighted in voluptuous ease All at once Arthur. remembered the book *he had promised to read. . He closed the piano and took up the volume. . Margaret's name had been lovingly inscribed on the title page... His face flushed with passion. The hand writing was his own. ' My darling,' he thought-' my saint I And I am within reach of her-I could touch her hand if I wished I If I wished ? - If I dared I A new writer,' he said dreamily; .' with a lovely. gift of sang.' i .Margaret's pansy-blue eye' wore turned uponihim, a astrings sadness in their depths[ His heart seemed to leap into his throat. :How vbiry warmii itis I' :remaiked `L.dy Alingford drowsily... '1 hope that we--shall niot be interrupted. "Ah, I" forgot that the servants had orders not to disturb us i' She closed her eyes and Arthur began to reud. His voice was musical audrpassion-. ate as he poured forth songs of adoration to n benoficent Creator, exquisitgword-paint ing which vividly related the wonders and the beauties of nature. .- [To~ us Coi~iiuao.;]'. . 