Thb Rat Incinerator.— Mr. Sraull, inspector oE the Board of Health department, who camo to Maitland expressly ta assist in having an in ? cinerator Bet up for tbe destruction of rats in the alectorate, returned to Sydney on Wednesday. Thu payment of she railway froight on the incinerator — £7 odd— aa we Btated the other day ia creating seme difficulty. The question ia who shall pay or be responsible for this amount, the Council or the Vigilanco Committee, or the two bodiea com bined, or should tho Government pay. Fnll particulars nave not yer oeen rurnieneu u» lu what assistance the Government is likely to give in ?IBRard to tbe destruction of rats. Tho Premier, in reply to.Mr. Gillies, stated that the same assistance would be giveu to Maitland as was given to New castle, but up to the present no one Bee'ma to Have any but a very vague ideu of what the Government is doing for Newcastle. They have guaranteed the payment of sixpence per rat, and that ia about ail that is known. Now the first shock the Govern ment incinerator gives to Maitland is £.7 odd for Sreight. Then comes the second. Mr. Small Bays a shed will havo to ba erected to protect it from tho weather, water must be laid on, fuel procured, and men must be Sound to attend to it, and bo the preliminary expense is likely to run into a very largo sum, apart from anything else. The working expenses muse ba paid by someone, and the question now to be decided is by whom? Possibly when Mr. Small's departmental reply ia received it will bo another ?week, we Bhould think, at the least, and in the meantime the rats will be left in peace and ?ecurity.. There is some talk of supplying about a hundred patent rat traps to be nsed bb feeders for the ineinerator, and the payment for these, too, will need ta be agreed upon, so that though the destruction of rats is said to be urgent and neces Bary, and though the incinerator has been in the town for nearly a week, it seems bb if it will be some little time yet before the tbing will be at work as a going concern. The incinerator is at present testing on the reserve, near the High-street railway \- station. Death. — The death occurred in the Hospital on 'Wednesday of Mr. Charles Bird, a well-known resi dent of the Vacy district. Deceased, who was only -admitted to the institution on Monday, was beyond all aid, and passed away as atated, death being due to some abdominal complaint. He was about 46 years of age. B.H.S. Alambda at Auck&ahd.; — Auckland, Wednesday. — The B M.S. Alameda, from Sau Fran eisco, arrived at 12.30 p.m. to-day. The passengers for Sydney are— Misses Ethel and Gladys BaBhEord, Mrs. Walter Benjamin, Mr. F. G. Brigham, Mr. J. :E. Chinnery, Mr. J. CoateB, Miss K. Eagan, Miss A. : Ii. Lindsay. Mr. H. H. M'Bridge, Mr. J. M. Tooby, Miss Tooby, and Miss Elsie Pommell. WnsiiETAN District Convbntion. — On Wednes day evening a district convention for thedvepening of epiritual life, was opened in the Wesleyan Church, 'West Maitland. The convention is held in connac ?4ion with the Century Commemoration movement. There was a very fair attendance, considering th? very wet weather.' The ministers present wero the Bev. John Watsford, of Melbourne, ivho is 80 years ? of age, the oldest WeBleyan minister in Australia, and one of the oldest in the world ; Rev. Rainsford Bavin, organising secretary of the century move ment in thiB colony; Rov. J. S.Austin, of New castle, the District Chairman ; Rev. W. H George, Branxton ; and Rev. P. J. Stephen, pastor of the church. It is about 40 y earn since Mr. Watsford was stationed in Maitland. The Rev. John Wate ford preached on the subject of fuller sanctification, showing that many people, although possessing tho Bpirit of godliness, were not sanctified by tha Holy Ghost: they were in the same condition as were the apoBtle6 before tho advent of the Holy Spirit. On Thursday a devotional service waa held in the schoolroom, at whioh tbe Chairman (Rev. John Watsford) delivered an uddreBS on the subject of the grace of God. There waa a fair attendance. — In the afternoon there waa a good congrega tion. Rev. J. S. Austin, presided. Rsv. W. H. George read a paper, and Rav. R. Bavin delivered an address. Ou Thursday, an evangelistic service was held in the church, to which young men and women and the youth of both Bexea were specially invited, bnt the night being very aold and wet there was only a very small attend ance. Three Mammoth Frozen Meat Carriers — The refrigerating installatione ' for what are stated to be the three largest meat-carrying steamers afloat — the Suffolk, Norfolk, and Sussex, their meat carrying capacity being 130,000 carcases of mutton, dairy produce, eto. — htwe just been crcmp'eted, the vessels being specially designed for the Aus tralian trade. The refrigerating machines, which are on Hall's dry air carbonic system, are placed . entirely in tha main engine-room, where the harm less nature of the refrigerant used can, under no circumstanoee, become a Bource of trouble. The machines also come under the attention of the engineer on watch, nnd do not occapy useful space ?in any other part of the ship. A Gift to Major-General Baden-Powbll. — We are pleased to see thr.t a generous response bas been made to the appeal made by the Syiney Sunday Times for eubtcriptions to make a preseuta- j tion to the gallant defender ot Mafeking. A sum of JB700 has been received, the donors residing in all parts of Australasia. At a meeting of the com mittee held in Sydney on Tueaday, sub-committees were chosen to make inquiries about tha Australian charger properly capnrisoned and the Bword of honour it is proposed to give Tho meeting further authorised thu Mayor of Sydney (Sir Matthew Harris) to communicate with Major General Baden-Powell, asking him ti accept this gift from Australasia, and to come to some under standing with him as to where the presentation shall be made, Publio Schools' Patriotic Concert. — The grand patriotic concert arranged to be given iu the 'Town Hall, Wet-t Maitland, last evening (Ftiday), by the combined Publio Sahool children, had' to be postponed ou account of tho inclement at a to of the weather. Relief ot1 Mafeking Demonstration Com rariTTBB. — A meeting of tbe Relief of Mafeking DemouBtration Committee was held at the Town Hall on '1'hurBday evening, when all account* were .passed for payment. The bon. treasurer (Mr. E NaBh), gave a detailed account of the receipts and ? expenditure, the latter being £56 15i 3d, and tbe receipts were within 18s 4d of that amount. Some of those rendering accounts wore willing, it was ? atated, to rnduco them, and with discounts the treasuror said he would be able to mtke both ends \- meet without calling for any further subscriptions Votes of thankB were paBsed to everyono taking part in tbe procession or in any way assisting in the arrangements for carrying out the demonstra ' tion, and the Chairman of the Executive Committee (Dr. Frank Liddetl) with the hon. treasurer (Mr,, E Nanh) and the hon. ntoretariea (Messrs. Joseph loopnld, and W. A. Ross) was empowered to have tho accounts audited and paid, and if there waB any balance remaining over that it be haiulsd over 4o tlio tronunror qf tho patriotic fund. , The Income Tax.—1 The time within which the income tax for 1S00 should be paid will expire on Monday, 11th instant. After that date a fine will be |incurred by thoEe taxpayers who have failed to pay within tho time. Taxpayers are at liberty to forward thoir remittances by p03t. Failing Sionr.— Our long experience enables, us to assist sufferers by accurately teating tha Bight, which is the true secret of success. Our new frames take in u much lnrger field, are made of malleablo steel, and they retain their shape for years. They aro fitted with genuine Brazilian pebbles, which all oculiBts agree are the only pre servers of tho sight. All lenses aro made to gauge so that; breakages can be mud© without troublo of fitting. Write to J. Hart, of Wes-t Maitland, stating sight, number, or age, and enclose stamps for— Best Pebbles 103, second grade, 6s ; Crystals 23 Gl; London Smoke Eye Preservers from Is to 2a b'd per pair in case post free. Maitland Quarter Sessions.— The Maitland Court of Quarter Sessions will be opened at the Courthouse, Enst Maitland, on Monday, next, and the Diefcricftlonrt nn Wednesday morning. 