-OCR BENDIGO OTTER. Thursday. (Fbo* OUB CO&R8FOKD;«T). The Parliamentary inquiry into the causes (or disaffection in the Fifth Battalion, Militia, has held ita sittings in Melbourne and in Bendigo daring this and last week. Many extraordinary things came oat in evidence re the appointment of Sergeant Baley to the coveted position of Quartermaster. Setgeant-Major Garland, of the Fourth Battalion, wbe had had Baley and Stevenson tinder hit control op to January, 1899, and who was complimented by the chairman (Mr. Bailee, H.XLA.), Cor the atrafehtforwatdness with which he gave ins evidence, said be would without hesitation have appointed Stevenson, u bong die better man of the two. Kx-Qnartern>aster- Sergeant Okey stated that it wife understood amongst the non-coms, that Baley had been reoommended for the position, and so there was no Bhow for anyone else. Sergeant Stevenson himself, who is a groeer, whilst the chosen one was a chemist, considered that, if their respective oooapations had been reversed, be would have been selected. The result of the inquiry is not yet known. The winter is not to be allowed to pass by without (lie inevitable ghost scare. This time it is the neighborhood of Golden Square and Qaarry Hill that is bung terrorised- The miscreant has an arrangement in phosphorus designed on his inner coat, and having selected his victim, he opens his top-coat and tries his feeble uttermost to scare. It is hoped that someone may have a charge of lead or some cold steel ready for him some fine night, that will make him " give up the ghost," and so turn from a sham into a real ghost. Probate has been granted to the will of the late William Schulz, baker, of High-street, the amount being £10,475. The deceased left his property to his widow and family. The art onion held under the auspices of the Bendigo Easter Fair for a racing mare, " Miss Paynter," donated by Mr. J. EL Kelly, of Eaglehawk, was drawn at the Town Hall on Friday by the Mayor and Cr. Lazarus, in the presence of the councillors. The winning number was 1557. The Bendigo Hospital has established a record perhaps unequalled by any hospital in Australia of the man. For at least 20 days during this month no death has occurred amongst its patients. In that period about 50 persons have been discharged cured or convalescent, and at least 100 patients have been under treatment for ordinary diseases and accidents. This may partly be luck, but all the same it reflects great credit on Dr. taotog and his assistant, Dr. Shorney. It reminds one of the advice of the old doctor to bis son in the profession—" Keep 'em •live, my boy; keep 'em alive. Dead men pay no fees." In this case, how ever, unfortunately for the hospital funds, tlie " live people" very often pay no fees either. Mr. W. W. Williams, ex-postmaster of Bendigo, died daring Sunday night at Graensborough, whither he had lately gone to try to recruit his health. When he first turned ill about a year since he applied for three months leave of absence from the Department. Although Mr. Williams had been 38 years in the Postal service, this small request was denied to him, and be was thus forced to retire from the service. This harsh treatment prayed npon the deceased's mind, and undoubtedly tended to shorten his life. He leaves a widow and two Bom behind him. It was known to few that the deceased was born at Samoa, and was a son of the famous South Sea Islands Missionary John Williams, whose memory has been per petuated so often by Missionary steam' era bong named after him. A new goods office is to be erected at die Bendigo railway station, the tender of Messrs. Pulley and M'Pherson at £365 7s 2d having been accepted. " Do you know what will happen if you tell a lie f queried the chairman of the bench at the court on Monday of a little seven-year-old girl. " I will be punished" she replied. "By whom V •aid the chairman. " By a policeman quickly responded the child. The grin npon the solemn visages of the members of the force who were present showed that they appreciated the delicate compliment. At least it formed a variation npon the " burning fire" answer which is the usual refuge of the average urchin, when he is confronted with theological problems propounded by police magistrates. We reget to announce the death of Mr. Denis Conole, telegraph operator, who was for some time stationed at Elmore. The deceased, who was 33 years of age, leaves a widow but no family. He expired on Monday at the Camp Hotel, Hargreaves-street, his mother being the licensee of that well-known house. His death was the result of a neglected cold. O'Neill, member foe Mafadaqmg, fa-the protection of children., WJin his charge is directed nnder die age tobacco in any form any dealer wiling la to anyone nnder timt, to fineand liable ' The" n^fnl CMwiMj " iwllwmte upon the streets after the hour of 9 o'clock at night, unless in charge of parents, is liable to a fine. Newspaper- »yi and errand messengers belonging to tradespeople are to be the only exceptions to this most sensible enact* ment. The death on Monday at the Oriental Hotel, Queen-street, of Mr. Joseph Bell, secretary of the Tragowel Water Trust, removes an old colonist from our midst. Mr. Bell was for many years secretary of the Strathfieldsaye Shire Council, and was a captain of the Prince of Wales Light Horse. The deceased was twice married and leaves a widow and children. 