FUZROY DIVISIONAL BOARD. Tbe monthly meeting of the Filzrov Divisional Board Bias held on Tuesdav, There were present : — Messrs. IL Beilly (Chairman), G. Sanderson, W. Wells, -I. CrooE, S. Ewart, P. Smith, EL Goodman. . and E. Adams. Correspondence. A letter was received from the Secre tary of tbe Bocknampton Joint Health Board, nODtymg that Mr. Kxally naa re signed his seat on that Board, and asking that another representative be appointed in his pture. — Referred to ' Miscellaneous business.' Applications for alterations in the names of owners of property were received, and the alterations directed to be made Mr. W. WeDs wrote asking to have --s. placed on the pay-sheet in favour of. Mr. Goltz for woric dooe at Lion Creek. — The amount was ordered to be paid. Mrs. C Cross,- Bajool Hotel, wrote as follows :— 'Most potent, grave, and reverend signiora, ray noble and approved good masters,— \ am in receipt of a most ' Cleric^ intimating that at vour last meet ing jrtm had graciously condescended to grant to yonr htnnble servant the respect able sum of 5s. compensation for removing and burning the carcass of a horse that had died in the waterhole at Bajool. While begging your acceptance of my sincere' gratitude for your generosity, may I be permitted to. re made that your doubly generous intentions towards the lucky individual who per formed a. «mfl«i- operation on -the carcass of a bullock at the Agricultural Reserve makes me wish that it had been been a bullock instead of a horse that had yielded up its ghost at Bajool. The public, bow erer, are so inquisitive nowadays that it it a matter of regret that ypu have not thought fit to explain why one person should receive 10s. for removing a bollock, whDe another should be paid off with half the sum for removing a horse. This is not the first .lime that I have caused dead ani mals lo be removed front these waterholes * in the interests of the public I cannot, ' however, continue to do so gratuitously, and not wishing/to trespass again on your generosity after your liberal treatment oi rue on this occasion, I shall in future re port such matters to the honourable mem ber for TJkun, who will doubtless give them his prompt attention. As these putrid carcases invariably send forth a perfume trhicn rivals not 'the odour of Araby, a sniff dt it cannot fan to produce a stimu lating effect on bis nasal organ. Hay I request that you will have the goodness to drop' ibis munificent sum into the hospital box, and console yourself with the assur ance that, although I have trespassed some what violently on the resources of your Board for once in my life, you shall never again be troubled by ine in a similar way.' — The Chairman : I move that the part about the hospital box be disregarded. — Jlr. Smith : I will second the motion. Whoever removed the beast never burned it, and the writer of (he letter ought to be prosecuted for forgery, because it is not WlTfe. UUM& MIXUUg. ** K aiuimu H'u 'J»- justMed on that letter in putting the 5s. in the hospital box. — Mr. Adams : Certainly net The signature is not Mrs. Cross's.— The Chairman: I move that the letter be n9t received. — Mr. Smith :I second the motion. T know who wrote the letter. He has forged manv a signature. There have been man-r letters from him in the ' Bulletin ' too.— Mr. Adams : When a man forges let ters like that the matter should be placed in the hands of the police.— The second motion proposed by the Chairman was car ried. A lengthy letter was received from Mr. B. Ryrie, complaining of the late Chairman of the Board (Mr. T. IL A. Creed) having neglected to keep an appointment to meet him at Clam and of the neglect of the Board to put the Ham Boad in order. — Mr. Smith proposed that the letter be not re ceived. He remarked that Mr. Creed had kept his promise ; but Mr. Ryrie did not go to meet him. The wiiole trouble wa that tbe mailman did not wanl to go to ITlam. — Mr. Ewart seconded the motion. He declared the letter was uncalled for, and said the Board had more than kept its promise to spend £2 10s. on the road if Jlr. Eyrie expended a like sum.— The motion'was carried. Messrs. K. A. Bnunm and Grant, solici tors, wrote on behalf of Dr. Higgins pointing out that the following lands, ad joining the Meteor Park Orphanage, were used exclusively for tbe purposes of the Or iibanage, and, ' therefore, were exempted from rating under subsection C of section II of the Valuation and Rating Act of 1S90 :— Portions 2102, 21(13, 2, 3. 53. 54. 55, la. »a, 3a. 373. 390, 2005, and 224-f. Thev asked that the land be exempted ac cordingly. — The Chairman : I beg to move that the matter be left to our lawyer to consider.— Mr. Smith : 1 tliink tliat if you look at the Act you will find it is quite right.— Mr. Sanderson: I will second the motion.— Mr. Smith : There is no reason to refer it to our solicitors, because 11 Act savs orphanages are exempt — Mr. Adams: Under certain circumstances.— Mr. finritli : There is no limit.— The Chair man -? There must be a deed of transfer.— Jlr. Smith : There is !M limit. — Mr. Adaics : So far as 1 can und^r-Laud, in the rase oi orphanages and ic-tfif.U!ons of that kind a certain amount of land with the Ijyi'.dhijr i* -*x--Hi]ivd -. 1ml if jKfiplc go on Uktl,' up IkivI. :ij;« 1 j-i- :j^r i];i land, and lakir.jr lip km.! aflrrwai.i-. I -l-i iiol think lht-y nio --n-if!|«. I JjcSk-i ? i!:e original Mock uii wlii.ii t!.c bniidii:? i- j;ut i* c\«;ai,t, Lut mil f«r;her s;:«l:n7is.— Mr. S.-iiidet^oll : \ c-5. 1 tliink ::*iy ]-?lisk-us in stitution niav bi- rca^uialjy limited to -om.-iliiiij; : but it is aH.~eli.fT v.roi^ that they should iiold the whole country side big enouph for the c-ounly of Yflrfc shii-e and lx- exempt from t»Nul:.-n. while others who are ^i-u^plhig r. few miles away to cam a living should hi it to make ros(N for its benefit-— Mr. Smith : It is not a church. — Mr. Sander-on -. I, -,v-. uiu=t bend to il. let us do it mi irgjl nJriw.-Mr. Ewart : What is the urea oi land comprised in l!ic*e portions *— The- Chairman : I d-i not know. — Mr. 8andei-«j : I ilo not care whether it is the EjijnMi Otureh -ir Tlie Roman Catholic CiiurHi. thi- less land it — lias the better lor the country.— Mr. Smith: Our solicitor will i-iiupli- (rii ii- t.c rannol rale the land. — Mr. Sandrr^ns : Put tile motion. Mr. Chairman, and let us get ou with the business.— The culion was put and carried. — Mr. Smith : 1 aifl-^wnrv -I cannot find the clause. You will have a iot of trouble to get o«r it.— Mr. Sander sou : We do not want all ^tanwell exempted frcm taxation. 1 do nit waiit to be the only contributor.— Mr. Smith (after l pause) : Here is uis clause.— Mr. UnoK - (reading the clause) : It says land used exclusively for -orphanage purposes. Surely Ml that land is not wanted for the ornban «ge. — Mr. Sanderson : It is too much.— Mr. £wart t It is not reasonable for an orphan age to get hold of 3000 or 4030 acres. The Secretary of the Ttestwoad Progress AsB-x-i»tioo wrote asking the Board to ap point fin inspector -if nuisances and offer ing lo fill tie position witiiwit remunera tion. The writer pointed out that a large mifflte of sheep had died lately in the township and Saul been tHIowed to rotj causing a great nusince. H-- al^o stated he 4i£d incuned an expenditure of loe. in di'A^ving awa\\-suid . Ijuminir La --31-crss of a sti^sy bois« vCiidi was lyics: in Ihe »r«k iiiiiuediatdy iu frctit oi tt*c pust oirlae and asked the Beard to refund that amcunt.— A lengthj- Jdiscu«Bion fcilow^-d the reading of the letter, in tbe course of wfaieh fievenu menjbers expressed the ojiiuigu lhat an ic- ^ sfcctijj- dtf culsanccs «w quite unneces sary and that if such an oS1:«a- irtn; rc (tuircd he should . be a silaxied official. Menilxrs also called attention to Uie fact that the claims for the destruction of dead aiuuuH were iEcreiiMng. Mr. Adams re marking iU!:vt if the Boaid wTeic going ta ;f.y lfr. fur tray ivm so destroyed lie uould be able lo null:*1 a vrsi- pood thin? ?nit of it as h? .nl.| lmy luirscs for 2s: fid_ take ihi-ns on to liV twite, and kill iii.l Irani Ilirai. Tire general idea was that liie j;oa:il siiould cjtercbe extreme care in iltsiihis uith applications similar lo that made by t*K- J*K-ietary of U* a»wciltion, and. while making n--- hard-and^fsA mle, should insist that the |-cr«rj making the ajijiicaliun should fnmi^ the brands of t!-e animal. With remiil to tbe letter, it was tleciued to r«-«ve it and inform tbe ? ivrilm that no -Jaiu- --ould be enteruinrd ' unless the cost of destroying *&e; dead animal --ould I* r*-*o\eietl fr«kit) the owner. A proc- lajuation estahlistiing a ivserve for water, mrisii of Wtsiwijod. vss r. reived.— IScmvnl. li.i;ird f.H-vraido.1 a letter anil plan received l.y !ii- lVwrd fi^o:i tL: iiidrr-SeMctary for t-i tin- Kilimy Bua:d. illic i«t« lrfenvd lu the .-H'iilkalion t.i Hii-i- :v lxad through r,..ttio;i *M. jwrUh irf WimUih. and asked it' tiir licnril liad any ..hjei-lio 1.. the |-ro ivjsul.) — It -ras dfwd.nl to inform the rnder-J^Tetarj- tluit tin- Hoard liad no ob }i---lit:n 1o t3ie lH-oj»i-sal. Tl:e S«i-Si»ry oi il.e .^iannell School Cemniiuee a,^ked to have a largp gum tree on tie snath uink of ^anwili -.Yeek re mui-,4.— lleteived. Mr. -.'. Halves-sen. Stanwell. called atten lioii -i- tlie siate of t!i«- Siauwell-Plewart's deck i:-v.l. Only ul had Invn spent on tl.(^ load since tlip Itueud was formed. — Jlr. .Sandcr=«n uioied that the writer be ii:f.Tii!cd ili.-it as soun as the road repairs ai-lhi.risf.l in the Crau-mrip dislriti had i-r:'n ttm»(:l«cd the «aai£ would be trans fin«l t.i Slanwell. Vliiro would be in Chairaisn: 71mt is too fur ^ihejd. I will n'.ove that the IcU.t U received. — Mr. (?nadiaan: 1 will s«-jud your motion. Mr. thaimisn. it is the li^si way of dealing uilh Itttei-s liko ihis. 1 «-.;s sj-okeD to :il;om thi- ar.d said the ^iiii- would be s.-t,t I Lore when it .liad d.air the work at i '- raceuicit1 — Lhm w could not take it iiv.'dy from where il was Ai, pieseot: bnt. | Sir. .1. iv-.k. Stanwell. a]-]ilied for £1 1 1'; .1- .-Itj.i-ii;^ 1KV^ on the ;iKiin luad and ! Liii-:l-ii'.g out two stump*, as authorised '\\\ Mr. SawlriMin. — Thr nuiouut was !.-!.!t-iT.i In !«? l-uM. I Tin- Svwin- of Ilir Wyi-.Lihah h»pK* .\\-..-.-i;iii :n v, r*«i-' ;igsin drawing attention !i,. t!w ^tati' i-! tii.- niads in tlie district. jiin.l askiiii; if llu- vi~it -«f tlw members of ! X.». - -nb-livi-irtn. ]*romiso«l in May last, 'hid Im-coi ahand.uied. — Mr. 4-oodman said |li,- Hu.ml hail rallr.! for tenders for the U\oi-k ivtjttired: hut cue onlv was sent in. ! -,- il was the taull of the* people of the ' uisu-ict that Uic roads were iu their pro sent stoieL — 1Tie Oiainnan moved that the letter be received end the writer informed that tie members would visit the district al ibe earliest possible moment* — Mr. Sanderson seconded the motion, and it wai- carried. A letter «is received from Mr. J. iTGainley, Clam, staling that about five uoxythB ago he applied for a refund of £1 S&, trbieh had been placed to the credit of Messrs. T. and L. Douglas, and ttot if the amount was not paid before the. 2nd of Jnly, he wonld place the matter in the bands of iiis solicitor for recovery. — Re ceived. Tne Undersecretary for Lands for warded a plan of a new road along and within the nortli-western boundarv of por tion 61v, parish of Playfair, that was in tended to bo opened to give access from portion 73v to the one- chain road pleading to the railway siding. — It was decided to inform lie Under-Secretai? that tie Board agreed* to the proposal. The Under-Home Secretary wrote noti fying tiiat (fee Govemor-in-Council had ap proved of the Board's bye-laws.— Received. The Under-Home Secretary wrote as follows: — ' Referring to your letter of tihe £9th ultimo and to a depu tation- which recently waited on tie Home Secretary from your Board in eonneotion witii 6everal matters con sented wilt the Pitzroy Division. I lhavc the honour, by direction, to inform you that the (Minister has approved of grants being made to tihe Board from the vote 'grants in aid of roads and bridges' for the purposes mentioned — namely, road crossing Deep Creek (South Yaamba Road), £100; road from LHam to Crocodile. £100; one-third cost of a bridge over Neerkol Creek; one-third cost of a bridge over Wicked Creek. Of these amounts, however, only £100 will be available for this years vote, and I will be glad if your Board will indicate wnicb of toe two roads mentioned it is desired the grant for. Tte balance of the promised grants will be paid in due coarse from next year's rote in aid of roads and bridges.' — The Chairman moved tint the* letter be received and the delegates thanked. — Mr. Crook seconded the motion ( and it was carried. — On the motion o' | Messrs. Sanderson and Smith it was decided th» £100 should be devoted to fls cros- ing of Deep Creek. The President of the Rockhampton Join Health Board forwarded a precept for fills 7s. 4d. — Referred to ' Miscellaneous busi ness.' Eeports. the following reports were presented by the gangers : — Xo. 1 subdivision : Tie gang was em played from the 1st till the 7th of June in effecting general repairs between Bob' Creek and Archer's Cattle Station, from the Stb till the 17th in metalling the road from Oakey Creek towards BajooL, from the ISth till the 2Ut in carrying oat genera} repairs from the Port Curtis Road to the Ulani diggings, from the 22nd tot the 30th in pr» curing timber for the Six-mile Bridge. The lmiylrdil. of the old bridge at Mrs. Cross's were broken and four corner posts were re., quired. 'Die decking of the Eight-mile Bridge was becoming dangerous, and re quired spiking and dabs between thelogi — The report was received, and it was de cided to instruct the overseer to do the ne cessary repairs to the Eight-mile Bridges- | soon as he had finished the work lie is nou engaged on. No- 2 subdivision : The gang was em ployed during the month on the Xine-mJJp Road. A iog was broken in each of the box drains near Egan's mill, and Mr. W. Childs had agreed to repair them for 10-. The road from the Sine-mile Waterhole to wards Gracemere had been Mocked at Fairy Bower by Messrs. Archer Brothers having ieoced off the old track, and about ten chains of scrub would require clearing to make the road traflicable. The work re-1 quired immediate attention. — The Chair man explained that he had regarded tlic clearing of (fre scrub as urgent work and ordered it to be done.— Sir. Sanderson en tered a protest against the Chairman's ac tion, declaring liuit the u-ork w^a noL luj the least urpent and that a chairman though the Board's executive officer, ha ! no right to order work without authority from tihe Board or without, at any rate consulting the other members of the *ub division of which he was a representative ; but the Chairman subsequently explaining that uhe cost was only about £2, he re marked 'If you had said that at first I shouid not have said so much.'— The re port was rertived. The Chairman, in replv to Mr. Goodman, said it had been agreed that Overseer Bar rett's gang should remain a we^k longer on the Nine-mile Road. The Finance Committee recommended the payment of accounts amwuniin^: l(- £370 5s. Sd., made up as follows : — iieni- rai expenses (including £230 Us. Si for the Joint Health Board), £20S 8*. C.I.; works in subdivision No. 1, £42 7s. U.; works in subdivision So. 2, £-2 3s. 10d.; works in subdivision No. 3, Cs. An ac companying statement showed that, witii all account* paid, iftic Board would have a credrt balance of £322 10=. (id.— the baJ:in.» of .-ir-divisi..n No. 1 being £120 IS.-. IJil.. of X.;. 2 £1!-Q 5ft. 7d.. of No. £202 fii. ' Old — Jlr. Crook remarked that Mr. Y. 1'. Jackman had charged for thirty houiV work in connection with tlhe tail'}- of t!io Frtzroy Bridge traflic. That, he under stood, was an overcharge. — IMr. AVeUs said that when Mr. Ja-*raan was asked to take] the tally he stated it would occupy about j a day and a-]ulf, or. say. fifteen hour*: Consequently, -he had charged for fifteen hours too lnuuh. which, at Is. (id. an hour rejwesented an overcharge of £1 2s. lid. Mr. Sanderson did not know why Mr. Jack man had been employed at all or why th.'1 arrangement wds not- reduced to writing' —?Mr. Crook called attention to the fact that Messrs. Archer Brothers had charg^l 4d. per ft for «ilt beef supplied lo the gani.'-Mr. Smith said file Mosis. Archer Brothers were not anxioua. to Mipjily t!« meat at afl and dharged the Board only ihat they charged everyone. The gang ivas unable to got meat aayvliere else-. Then the Messrs. Arrfier d;d not weigh out w an ouncr.— Mr. Enart : It i= eioriritant. I think thai if we write t» the Messrs. Archer tiler wifl reduce the jjrfce to 3d. — Die Chairman : There is nothing to be il^ne but pay the account- — Mr. Adams : We uiu-t jwr or do without tlie meat. — Tiic Chainuan proposed tliat the re|Krrt he adopted less £1 if. fid. overdrarged by Mr. Tackman aud that that mailer be left in the luuids of Messrs. Wells and ISivart.— Mr. Goodman seconded the moticn^acd it was carried. The following reports of the works com mittees were adopted: — Subdivision No. 2: 1. That Overseer Barrett be sent to Gognngo Creek to in spect the crossing, and, if opportunity olfered. arrange a contract for its repair and for any other urgent work in the vicinity. 2.' That tenders be called for the mt^aljliig of three chains of the road at Westwood from Lanson's corner in the direction, of tike state school— Jhe metalling to lie half-a-chain -wide. 3. That the Chairman confer with the Mayor of Eoek bampton and arrange either for the tem ?jorary repair or inspection of the boun dary 'bridge on the Crocodile Road. . 4. That plaa^ and specifications be prepared for the proposed, bridge over Wicked Creek and the Chairman empowered to take Eteps to procure' an estiniaite of the cost of the Subdivision No. 3: 1. TSbat tenders be called for metalling about four chains of the Yaainbn Eoad near Murray's old gate xnd tai'entv-five chains on the Morinish Road near'Staap's piddock. 2. Tiiat the nembers for the subdivision be authorised to obtain specifications of the work re ?juired to be done on the Deep Creek Cross ing and call for lenders in time for the next nieeling of the. Board. Sue Yek's Garden. Mr. Wells withdrew the motion of which he had given notice, to the effect that Sue Yek be given three months' notice to quit his garden site on the bank of Lotus Lagoon. The 'Local Government Bill. Mr. WeUs, in accordance with notice, moved that a letter be written to the Home Secretary, asking that in bhe new f.ocal Government Bill the period for which loans were granted for works of the fifth class be altered from ten years to twenty, also that all the divisional boards in the colony be asked to assist to secure the alteration.— Mr. Smith seconded the ?notion, which, after some discussion, was carried. Providing for a New Office. Mr. Sanderson, pursuant to notice, moved ?-hat £200 be placed at fixed, deposit to Provide for the erection of offices when the lecessity arose, and that the balance of .he amount received in adjustment from -he Gogango Divisional Board be devoted jo fencing in the land in Denison-streeL fronted for the purpose. His idea was ~.hat as the money had not been derived Tom rates it migfct be used to form the Traders of a. fund for the erection of offices irhen the Board 'was compelled to vacate ts present quarters. Bnt there was mother point to fee considered- That vras —the setting aside of this sum would teni o check a spirit of ext-ravafrancp. — Mr. -mith : It Trill be a temptation to thi Tea I til Board to issue a bigger precept, ajid 'rant he will tell you to take tie £200. — Mr. Goodman seconded the motion, re narkin' that the Board did not know the lay it would Ik* turned out of iis present voted for the proposal, aod it was lost. Fltzroy Park Estate. Tlie Chairman moved— ' That this Soard Ijrinjr under the notice of the Miniv er iot Lan«l~ the- ioss of revenue sustained iy the Board through such u large portion .f the Fitzroy Park Estate not being let, uul r«iue=t the MiuUtev to throw ojwu 'ic unsolc'tcd f-art to occupation license : ?1-q that tti-- P-wrd imiires^ upon the Go emmeiit tlio Ut^iruljlcuors of tlie foTe*Toinir tock we li.ive in the CVntnil Division a* he piescr.l time.' On- ing to -the land noi *ing selected the Ikiard'. as well as Hie 7oinL' to ruin. In fart, 'he had been told Lhat people were takini down the fence -nd putting up tliprails'in its place. (Mr. Smith : ' And u-sing it for grazing, I sup :wee.~\ Ths land was not heinp used at ill. KMr. Adams: - Tliey are usinjj it.') If ]-eople were using it they were not pay- 1 'tig for it, and it was unfair that anyone j -lionid Lc allowed to run their stoek'frce while others had to pay. If the land were' n-ould lie prevented fiom selecting it : any one would ho aWe to select it at any time. He believed it could be Icl at « 1n s-juare nine— that there were [rfoplc wlm «vrc tirejMrrd to take it at that raU. {Mr. Adams : ''Hie rates conic Ui 4d an a*l-e in the fiovemment valu:itiniL'') llir-v uvuild n-)t ?imoitnt to tltal utwUt -v-i'iiyi;v- lion licen.i-.-Mr. Adam, : I thought iiw.-i, ?m ai-rounl of the !n.--. of n-rcnnr thai y..u «:inlcd it let -»u ot-cinialion license. — The Chairman : Why should k not lw l,.| i II will In ing us Mnncthing. Subdivision Ki. 3 will get the lienefit of the rates. It wili not receive mucli dhrcllv ; but it wil! bring revenw to tlie tiorernmrnt and the people who take it will see that the fence? arc not destroyed. — Mr. Ewart seconded ? ? the motion. —Mr. Crook said the land had Iwen npen to unwiiiditioual sclectiou siuci' March, and part of it had been selected under tlic tmct*nilitioiia] clauses of the Act It v.ould'fcc unfair to the people who had selected in tliat way lo throw the balance of the land open under occupation licenw. —Mr. Sanderson argued that' the only f!y in which the land could be dealt witu to *the advantage of the country was to sell it and declared that the sooner it Uronie nwlwld agair. the better. As to tiic beneiit it would be to the Board to throw it ojjen to occupation license, if i*. brought in a rent of Id. |jer acre, it would give the Board only £1 10s. per mile. — Tito Chairman eaid he had quite expected Mr. Crook to oppose his motion, because be had a son-in-law who had land on one side of the estjile and — another relative who bad land on the other side, and, of course, they could giaze their stock free. Everyone of the residents in the vicinity, however, were in favour of the land being thrown open to occupation licence. The * land would never be selected. There was no permanent water on it. and it would take more money than a selector could find to make water. Tlie. sole object of his motion was to make the people who used the land pay for it and to save the fence. — Mr. Adams : t do not see that it would do the Board any good. — Mr. Wells : It should be left open to selec tion a little longer.— The'motion, on being put to the vote, was lost, only the mover and seconder voting for it. The Valuation. The Clerk presented the valuation for the vcar. It showed that the .value of the ]-r»perty in subaav:Fion So. 1 iras£T3^3»s 2-'o. 2, £106,V95 ; Xo. 3, £73,231— showing a deci-&ise; in Xo. 1, as compared frith last year, of £3090 and increases in Nos. 2 and ?J of £)L360 and £SUC respectively. The alterations, it was explained, were due chiefly to properties having been, erro neously placed last year. — The valuation was adapted. On the motion of Mr. San derson, it was also decided the Clerk should visit Mount Morgan wMi a view to obtaining a list of the properties at Mount I slier and Monnmera that were liable to — be ra'red and go to Mount Usher and Moon niera and value those properties. General Business. The Chairman brought up ?the question of the purchase of a second «afe ; bnt it ^ uas decided to defer consideration of. the matter until the next meeting. The Chairman said the Cierk was en titled to extra remuneration for the wore he had done in connection with the valua tion and pointed out that he should pre fer to give him sxa increase of salary to grcupting a bonus. — Mr. Sanderson thought it would be better to give a bonus 'in view of the possibility of the Board having to make arrangements for a separate periodi cal valnataon of property. He should bars liked to give a bonus of £20 ; but he would content himself with moving tiiat he be granted £U.— The Chairman seconded the motion. — Mr. Egan : I will more as an ajnendmcsit toa* the Clerk's salary be raised to £3 a-week.— Mr. Smith ; We can- . not do it now. VFe can -only fix tlhe sala ries once-a-year. — Mr. Egan : He is getting too little for tihe responsible position he held?. I dunk £3 a-week little enough. — Mi1. ParalersoB ? Do it neit year. — M^. Kvviirt moved as an ajnendment that £10 3ie granted. — Mr. Adams seconded the aaientlinem, which, was carried. The vot ing tva~ : For, Me^rs. Evvart, Adams. Smith, Wells, aud Crook ; against, Messrs. Ssnrler^cn, Kgan, and Goodman. On the motion of the Chairman, Mr. San * dcrson was unanimously appointed to re present the Board on fflie Fitzroj- Bridge Board. Hie Quirnian said he did not know who llier it was advisable for tie Board to ap point another representative on the Health Board or nut. — Mr. Adams tthoujriit tliar as the Board had to par it dioald be re presented. More than that, he tiho-jght it should choose one of i'ts best men to look after its interest. The HeaMi Board had been spending at a. terrible- rate. It ha-J \ had so much money tihat il liad scattered ] it right and left, caring nothing for - tiie poor cocky' av!io had to find it. Eock hampton, according to the medical men. was in an insanitary, filthy, disgraceful condi tion, and tiie funds ivere being spent to put it in decent order. That iras very nc fair to the component bodies outside Kock aampton. To his mind, tSie 'Fitzroy Divi sion had do right to be asked 10 contribute unless the whole of the divisions in Cen tral Queensland were asked to join in. FitzroT Division Avas no more entitled to lay tlian Banana or Duaiics. It had no l.L^rue. it h=d always Io^ki-d after its l.'ackyaids and slaugiiLeryards. That war; a pcin't that the Board's rejircscntatii'e should look after, and he should also see that no more rnoucy was expanded by the Health Board en work that, proiicriy speaking, should lie done by t!:e Rockliamp. ton Council, lie i;cgged to more that 31r. Wells be the Board's representative on the Health Board. — Jlr. Smitli seconded the motion, and it was carried i-y an imani mras Tote. Mr. Egan complained iflhat Overseer Bar rett bad asked one of tlie employees at his dairy to attend to fill in two holes near his place and said he did not Trant ilje Board's employees to interfere with his senants. ' «. Mr. Crook proposed that a letter be sent to the member for the district, the Hon. J. Murray, asking him to interview the Minister for Lands with reference to grant ing tie Beard the quarrv on the Fitzrov Park Estate.— Mr. Sanderson objected to jj^Vimr JIx. Miirmv to do sl lihiiic Lbdt Jie bad fcold ihe Board it would be illegal to do. — Mr. Adams seconded the motion anl pointed on± that the Board ira3 simply awaking for a piece of land on the estate in exchange for a piece of the road that the Government lad taken into the estate.— X3ie motion was carried. The Chairman, in. replv ti- Mr. SmiiJi, said the write for the recovery of rates in arrears would be issued at an early date This was ±ili tbe business. 