THE QUEENSLANDERS' EAGERNESS FOR FIGHTING. The "Daily News" special correspondent with Carrington's force, writing from Gwelo, says: — And now the sun is up, and the ghosts of the night have vanished, and the fan tastically grotesque qf midnight' is'thV fanci fully quaint of breakfast time, and then, in the warm flush of the young sunshine, one sees Rhodesia; nor is there any change in the view for the whole run of 260 miles. Imagine a huge - hay . field, not fenced in, geometrically bisected, pathed hay field, but a hay field run wild. Imagine clumps of trees dotted about at irregular intervals —trees wearing their ruddy autumnal tints. Imagine innumerable dried watercourses wandering through this tree strewn hay field, and you have Southern Rhode fia. The only break is an occasional boulder. Soon the coach "asses the trekkcrs, out- spanned during the heat of the day, and a brown-faced, bare-armed Queenslander | swings himself into the saddle, and licks his horse Tinto a gallop to overtake the coach. / "Anything fresh?" The face bent over the horse's head is keen and anxious. "Nothing. You've heard Roberts is in Johannesburg?" "No." Disgust and disappointment have replaced the anxiety. "Surely the war isn't over?" "Not by a long chalk," encouragingly; "plenty of fighting." The face brightens. "Do you think we'll I see any?" The eagerness of the questioner forces a statement which is directly contrary to my convictions — "Bound to. How are you get ting on? Who are you?" "Doing splendidly— only lost one horse— Queenslnnders under Captain Hockings— got any papers?" ".Sorry. What do you think of Rho desia ?" "Tt's— it's a great country," cautiously. "It's a very nice country to see, but we d rather see some fighting — Good-bye! TTi The rider wheels, and the journabstv- siyU, back to his seat to ruminate upon/yiq, Blood- thirstiness of the. average Austrzlibp/' ( ( John Coletnnn (Tas.), Wounded. 12\. A. Cane (Vic.), Slightly wounded at Ottoshoop. F. Bird (Vic.), Wounded at Elands Uivcr. G. Hcllier (Vic.), Severely wounded at Val Ivop. J. B. E. Lockwood (Vic.). Wounded at Belfast. .AUSTRALIAN CASUALTIES IN SOUTH A E R I C A. (Photo, by T. Humphrey k Co.) 