Betwixt Two Centuries. By W. H. PrreHBTT. X CENTURY OF EMPIRE. Fawls onr lot—0 goodly is our heritage! (Humble ye, my people, and be fearful in your mirth!) For the Lord onr God most high, He hath made the deep as dry, He hath mote for us a pathway to the ends of all the Earth I —Kipling. A " century," and aa " Empire I" These1 are large terms. . How can they both be packed into a balance-sheet, or expressed in arithmetical symbols ? Tet it concerns us deeply to know what changes the nineteenth century has made in the great empire over which the Union Jack flies ; and it is worth while trying, even in a swift, imperfect way, to assess, these changes.. . Lord Salisbury reminded the world lately that nations, like human beings, may die. But Great Britain as set in the perspective of the nineleench century, is certainly not one of the "dying nations" of the world. In its veins have run, all through these hundred years, the hot pulses of youth and of springtime. It h'as (frown like Jonah's gourd, or like the bean-stalk of the immortal Jack—with this difference^ that while there haB been something tropical, or.even magical, in the speed of its growth, there has "been the solidity of the oak in its enduring fibre ;.tbe cold hardnes^«f=thd*inBHiplica uon table in its amazing''st£ti&$cfi! . . ?*: -n • v TWO ACRES A SECOND. Mr. J. Holt Schoolings in the PaU Mail Magazine, expresses in picturesque diagrams the growth of the empira in the century just ending ; but no diagrams can be more expressive than the sentence into which he condenses the territorial expansion of the empire^ .."Land has been added to the British Empire," he repyrts, "at the average rate of two acres for eveiy second of time throughout the century." With every tick of the clock the empire has expanded 'by that exact area; and the process has run on day and night, through summer and winter, in peace and war, through the whole hundred years. If Mr. Schooling's generalisation is accurate something like 172,800 acres has been added tu the Queen's possessions between sunset and sunrise for every day of the century. This aeeins almost un thinkable ; yet the logic of the multiplica* tion table is ' apparently behind Mr.. Schooling's formula.. Wli^n expressed, not in acres, but in square tnileB, the effect is the same. The numerals are scantier, ^but are quite as astonishing. The empire has grown from 2,000,000 to 12,000,000 square miles in the century ; it has multiplied itself, in a word, six times over. To gain 10,000,000 square miles, in a nundred years represents a growth at the rate of, say, 274 Bquare miles every 24 hours, or of 100,000 square miles—an area nearly equal to that of Italy—every year. There is no other example of Empire-growth in recorded history to equal this. During this century j the British Empire has added to its area, i in a word, three countries like the United States, 45 countries like Germany, or 50, Spaihs, or 90 Italies, or—descending to the insignificant—say, 900 Belgiums. c What is the scent of this ^amazing ex pansion of territory under £he Queen's; flag ? It is not due to the®lotMng brains j of statesmen or tbe eager e'words of soldiers. Wars of conquest—warsj that is,, undertaken for the express purpose of, " conveying," in the Shakespearian -sense,^, nothing to do with it. Professor Seeley says that the English seem* to.. have con quered and peopled half^the world " in a fit of absence of mind," They certainly seem to have accomplished that mighty feat without, in the least, intending it. And. no class has, by conscious purpose, contributed less to the expansion of the empire than its statesmen. Taken as a whole, they may be said to have been half-bewildered by the scale to which the Empire is growing, and more than half afraid of it. They have been eager,. not to acquire new colonies, but to scuttle out of old ones. If the fleets of England, in war time, captured the dependencies of some hostile power, the diplomatists of England were usually eager to give Ahem back when peace arrived, . LOST PROVINCES. Mr. W..F. Lord has written an inter esting volume on " The Lost Possessions of England.4' It by no means exhausts the subject ; it deals only in samples. But the catalogue of possessions which Great Britain has lost— or, rather, has flung away—would constitute, of itself, a very decent colonial Empire. It ranges from Dunkirk to the Ionian Islands, audi includes such magnificent islands as Cuba and Java'; Buch rich provinces as Buenos Ayres and Monte Video. These places were won by -tbe soldiers or sailors of Great Britain, and abandoned by its statesmen, They were fiangaway,some times from laziness, sometimesfeomcare lessness, sometimes from blank ignorance. After Sir Stamford Raffles, for example, had done, in Java, a magnificent work, of which the whole Engtish race may still well be proud,- dig not Lord Castiereagh, at the Peace of Pans, give the islaad away without ■ even - knowing where, it .was skdated'l Manila was captured from Spun by an Attack as dftring, as brilliant, and almost as bloodless, as that of Admiral Dewey. , Draper, in fact, in 1762, with scantier fanes than Detffey. did his work with even grosser .fire andt expedition than the gallantAmj^icau1 showed. British statesmen^ " however, had forgotten their own despatches^ or tad been too lasy tp rcad them. Manila,; tbey carelessly agreed, if it really had' been captured, should be given - back again ! The Stare and Stripes'now fly over one of the richest sea-provinces in the world; bufctheUriiou Jao^ might have flown there for 150 yean. If ^British statesmen had understood their business. Oarntirprising British statesmen tried with evil diligenoe to fling away still other privinoes and colonies. Sg^nique was jtbrice conquered, and thrice aban dened. Opadgloupa v won, and dropped, in a similar fashion, $ye tiipps. The Cape of Good Hope was conquered, and given back, then conquered again, and then, as though the title given by the sword was felt to be inadequate, it was bought and paid tor! Burke ex hausted his magnificent rhetoric in prov ing bow much Warren Bastings had Btolen io India. Hastings hin>Belf de clared that, when be reflected on hje op portunities, he was astonished at bis own: moderation ! Great Britain has certainly done well for itself during the century ; but when its opportunities are considered there is some mom for astonishmen t at its moderation. So many islands and pro vinces, iomehoif, found their way into Jyhn Bull's capacious pockets, ^and it would hpve been so «asy to have'kept them there;! THE 8ECBET OF EH?IBE. 5^ba|; jjjs this force—apparently as silent, aa constant, and as independent of buman yorpoae, «a <me # the gr<9»t farces of Nature—which, day in atid day out, through the whole century, has pushed outwards the frontiers of the empire 1 The truth is, the empire has grown as a bud swells in springtime, at the whisper of strange forces. A thousand energies —some homely, the stir of the sap, the kiss of the brown earth, the splash of the falling rain; some mystic and strange, j and which run to the roof of the heavens, the wooing of the sun, the path of the planet through space—-go to make a bud burgeon and swell in th« springtime. And a hundred forces— political, climatic, racial, geographical, religious, and irre ligious, noble and ignoble—have combined to give to the British J^mpire the amazing growth this century has witnessed. Perhaps the most picturesque, if not the strongest, of these forces, has been the restless energy of the race itself; and the sort of swarming impulse which has burned in its blood. It is Rudyard Kip ling's " leaderleBS Leerion," *• the Legion that never was listed"—the great multi tude of emigrants, explorers, aud adven turers, crossing all seaB,. and crowding all lands, and finding Btrange graves under all skies—which has carried the' British flag so far. .Is there any finer description of the mother island and her race than that Rudyard Kipling has written 1— There dwells a wife by the Northern Gate, And a wealthy yyw> iadhe_ She treeds a breed o' rovin^men. And easts them-over a^- ^„ ' And somenre3»wned:i#deep witfli', And some in aightjo*. shore, And word goes back io the weary wife, . And ever she sends more. ' - Herhearfch is wide to every wind ; \- That makes theTchite ash epin;. And tide, andtide, and 'tween the tides, Her sons go out and in. And eomeretnrnby fadimHight, And some in iraking dream ; For sjhe hears the heels of the dripping ghosts, That tide the rough roof beam. i" . .. . Home, they come home from all the ports, The Jiving and the dead: SSei-good wite'g 90ns come home attain ' For her blessing on their heads. To understand the real significance of the semi-miraculous growth the British Empire has known during the century, it needs to be set agaioBt a historical back ground. For when the last sand a of the eighteenth century were, running out, it seemed as if the sceptre of England were | broken. Its dream of empire had faded. Its colonies had been torn from it by civil revolt and foreign war. It had loBt America! » A NOBLER AMERICA. The thirteen colonies had been founded in the middle of the seventeenth century; the end of the eighteenth century saw them hewn from us wilhi the sword. It was the darkest hour in British history. The colonial empire of Great Britain was apparently only a shadow in a procession of shadows. The Portuguese dream of a great''over-sea empire had faded. The colonies of Spain, of Holland, of France, in turn, had passed away. And now the colonial empire of England had vanished in a fashion, and with a completeness even more tragical. Yet, in some sense, the happiest event in British history, for Britain itself, was ?the loss ot the American colonies.. . It liberalised England herself! It taught her a new colonial policy. It set her free for a new and still happier colonial empire. Mr. George Burton- AdamB, in the Atlaidi& Monthly^ argues with great force of reasoning, that if England had kept her American colonies this must have nre'oecupied-,^11 fa or eaetstiea, -Africa: "Would liave been beyond her reach ; Aus tralia outside her horizon, r "If England had kept the Thirteen Colonies," says Mr. Burton:Adams, "it is practically certain that'Australia and .New Zealand would have fallen to France." It has turned out, in a word, in the strange revenges of history, that Australia is England's compensation for the American Revolution, that rent finni her the. great colonies across the Atlantic. That Howe failed in Boston, and CornwalliB .surren dered at Saratoga, explains why Mel bourne in not under the tricolor, and Sydney governed by an epauletted com missioner who takes his authority from Paris. It can hardly be doubted that the loss of the American «oloniep set England free to plant her foot on the great African continent, and to occupy a fairer, and what may yet prove to be a richer and nobler America—the Australian con tinent. &REATER; BRITAIN. ' No contrast can be more dramatic than that betwixt the Colonial Empire of Great Britain ~when the nineteenth century dawned, and that on which the twentieth century will gaze. In 1800 itconsisted in a fringe of settlement on the eastern edge of Canada; a few islands in the West Indies ; two mere stations in Africa; a fortified outpost or two like^Gibraltar in the Mediterranean; a Bingle con vict settle ment in Australia, It was not an " em pire," but a parish ! In India is was no thing better than a trading company, in terror aliko of French rivals and of Indian oppressors. But in a single century it has grown to be, not an empire, but, rather, half a dozen empires. Ia India a province richer and vaster than that of' which Alexander dreamed; in Canada and Aus tralia great. Commonwealths ; in Africa' colonies wiw&ie; areas and resources of kingdoms. ^ the beginning of the cen tury Great^fltain bore to her colonies the relatic>o>t'ftog bears to its own tail. The Ipropoitions were those of a giant to a dwarf. But at the end "of -the fcentury ttie relations are changed. , A. "greater"" Britain has been born. The colonies have' si r area equal to ninety-six times: that of. tire mother coantry itself ! ' The growth of the empire ja population, trjrfde, manufactures, and wealth - gener ally, is quite-as-remarkable as its expan sion in mere area. Figures are inexpres sive symbols for such facts as are' here touched, In 1814 a stately on "The Wealth, Powet, and Resources of the British Empire ih EveryQunrfcer of the Globe," w«uj, published bgr^jsminent' .statist of that Mr. Colo quhoun. Mr^Cd^uhoun^^rted, with emotions of aj^iil^robbed him pf the jiower ef (piechj *tbat the empire had a population of @1,000,000 j and of thsBe 43,000,000 belong to the colored races. This simple-minded statist found his somewhat doubtful arithmetic scarcely capacious enough to describe "the un exampled scale of this great empire!" Mr. Adams quotes these figures in the Atlantic Monthly, and asks what would haVe been Mr. Coloquhouti^s emotions If he l»<r been allowed to catch a glimpse of the British Empire of to-day, "a state of things in which the British Islands alone have a population equal to nearly three-quarters, of his grand total, and the | empire at large more than sis times that whuT WHITE AND BLACK. - The population of the empire, accord {ne to Mr. Schooling, has grown from 1 115 millions in 1870 to" 390 millions in 1900\. We are very anxious to make, in these latitudes, what ia described as a ""white Australia.1' But it is carious to note that the British Empire on the whole ib black more thpn it ia white; though the white is slow]y. gaining on the black. In 1800 the popalation of the British Empire, outside tlje British Islands them selves, was roughly 100 millions, and only two millions of these were whites ! There were 49 black subjects of the British Crown to -every, white subject. To-day the population of the Empire out side Great Britain itself is 349 millions, and of these twelve millions are white. There are 27 black subjects of the Queen, that is,' to every white subject. Classic Greece—the Greece , of Marathon and Salamis—-consisted of a thin film of free men over a great mass of slaves. The British Empire may be described as a thin coat of white paint spread over black, or brown, or coffee-colored masses. In point of freedbm, in relation to the law, of course all the Queen's subjects are : equal. But* taken by race and blood. Greater Britain consists of a white aristo: j cracy, twelve millions strong, ruling some 337 millions of colored people. And it is j the English man's feegius for the leader- { ship of inferior races, and. his great provi- j dentially- assigned'office of a schoolmaster j to these races which sxpIainBthe British j Empire. ' 