LILLi. -yw-v . CHAP. XXVIII. Continued. ' are together, Enid dar- ling 1' she said tenderly, ' with an unsteady smile that did its best to bo cheerful. 'That is something — isn't it ?' 'You dear Lill 1' Enid answer ed in a faint voico. ' What should I have done without you ? Hea ven sont you .-to mo, and to my children.' Indeed thoy avo my ohildren as well as yours,' Lill said, smil ing at her ogain, though there was a lump in her throat. They had passod within tho gates now, and wero driving round tbo sweep, with its clumps of feathory bam boos and flowering gardenia bushes. How neglcotcd it all looked 1 Ench of tho Cousins felt a pang at the sight of it. ' Tho housu is empty evident ly,' Mrs. Holland said, looking ai ner. wo simu uu uuiu m duo it, if there is any ono in charge ?' Put no one appeared as the earriage drove up to the porch. The ' Chicks ' were drawn down over the verandah, the green shutters all closed ovor tho win dows. Tho hall- door however stood wide open, and, after knock ing once or twice without there being any response, tho cousins ventured in. The house was furnished, but with unfamiliar and dooidedly shabby things. ' It has passed through several hauds, I believe,' Enid said in a low voice, ' since .poor mother gave it up.' . They looked into tho dining- room, with its Ted-tiled floor and empty flower-pots, and then wont up the eohoing stairs to tho large square landing. It- was all in semi-darkness. The drawing- room, as they entered, looked mournful with its stiffly-ranged chairs and cheap ornaments, and its air of abandonment. The " dust lay thiok on tho polished floor, on tho coiling, tho lizards, startled by their footsteps, darted backwards and forwards. ' Ob. Enid 1' was all-Lill nmilA say. Can it really be our dear, pretty old room ?' Enid merely shook her hoad, und-thoy passed out on to tho r verandah, with its huddled chairs and tables, on one of whioh lay a forgotten pipo and on old English newspaper, and n mail's s;raw bat, with a white ribbon, discol oured by tho showers that ' had in since its owner left it thore. Tho two young widows stood and looked at each there with melancholy eyes. It all seomed as changed as their own lives. Could they indeed bo the Enid . Rushout and the Lill Ardon who, only a few years bofore, bad hold their little oourt thero in tho midst of sunshine and flowers and laughter? ' I feel like a ghost I' Lill said, with a shivor. ' Oh, why did we oome here, Enid?' Thero was the corner whore she had sat and talked to Ned that first evening, and had teased him beonuse she knew Sydney Wyntt was listen ing. And there, in tho moon light, after they bad oomo back from the gardens, Mr. "Wyatt had taken his friend's part and had aooused hor gently of being unkind to him. Oh, let us go — let us go, dear 1' she urged pito- ously. ' I cannot boar to seo the placo.' ' Doar Lill, wo could not have gono away without talcing a look at it,' Enid snidgenfly, 'we should have been sorry afterwards. And, now that wo are hero, let us take \- a look at the- other room too. It is saying ' Good-bye' to the bouse for over, you know. For we ' shall never come to Singapore again P 'Enid — you gol' said Lill, shrinking. , ' I — I will wait for you here. , I think I- ' She broke off, startled. ' What was that f she said, dinging to her cousin's hands, ' Did you hear it? Oh, Enid, what was it ? Did yob hear it ?' They bad both hoard it — a sadden' burst of incoherent words ' from an adjoining ohamber, and then a cry, a long waiting cry, . like— — ' Some one is calling mei' Lill whispered hoifrsely, and turning deathly white. ' I heard my name, I am certain I There it is again !' 'Lill I Lill ! Lill!' Tho girls looked at enoli other, frightened — the cry rang so strangely in that dosolnte unoccu pied house. Evon with the day light all about them their first thought was of something sapor- natural. They stood rooted to tho spot, and looked at eaoh other, speeohless. ' Lill ! Lill 1' tho voioe wailed agan ; and then a sudden amazing oonviotion came to them both. ' It is Sydney Wyatt's voioe 1' Enid exolairaod breathlessly. ' Good heavens, Lill ! Can he be hero by himself ?' But Lill did not answer. Al ready she had darted across the drawing-room to the room— Ned's room — from which the voice waa calling her, and, opening tho. door, had seen that it was empty save for a figure on the bed, tossing in high fovor, and still calling — calling to come, to give him a drink, to hold his hand and keop him from sinking down- down — down ' Sydney,' Enid heard her gasp, and, flying to the bedside, she fell upon her kneos by the siok man's pillow — ' Sydney I am Lill — here. Oh, I thank Hea ven, who has brought me to you ! Sydney ' — she put her arms about him and raised his heavy head to her breast — ' don't you know me, doar ? It is Lill — Lill 1' Half an hour later Doctor Maofarlane, wbo had been sum- moned by a breathless but impas sive Chisese boy to Castlorosse, was astonished to find himself reeoivod by Mrs. Levell, whom ho bud believed to bo at Hong- Kong, and to find that his patient was Mr. Wyatt, who was, of course well known to him as young Holland's friend and sick- nuise. After that it was hardly a sur prise to him to hear that Mrs. Holland was already installed at his patient's bedside,and that she had determined to defer the rost of their voyago to England until Mr. Wyatt no longer needed her sorvioes. ' What a queer little bit of a tvnrbi.it is.', was the good Dootor's only common t on the situution, though, as tho days wont by and Mrs. Holland proved herself the most intelligent, devoted, and un- wearingly of nurses, he added once, patting her gently on the shoulder, 'I always knew, my dear, that, if ever the time should oome, you had it in you !' Mrs. Lovell and hor ohildren !and ayahs remained by Lilt's desiro, at the hotel, where they were very oorafortubie, and Enid came up every day to see -her cousin and to hoar the Dootor's report of their patient. It was she who found out that Mr. Wyatt, having bought Castle- rosso, had been about to put it iato thorough order and re- furnish it. But he was already ill when ho landed at Singapore, though ho wouli not give in, or toko proper precautions, and, having been missing for a few days from his rooms at the ' Baffles,' Fooh Bah, tho Chinese boy — Enid's mother's old servant — going to Castlcrosso by appointment to meet his new mastor, had found him tbero alone, ill, delirious. Eaid had recognised Pooh Bah at onoe, when he returned to Castlerosso with Doctor Maofar lane. ' Aro you not thankful now that wo camo to look at the old place ?' said Enid to lull, later on. ' Very thankful !' Lill replied iu a iur> vviuot ' And to think of his coming back to Singapore, Lill, and buy ing the old place ! And not a soul in tho island knew that he was here, or thero would have been plenty of people ready to look after him — poor fellow 1 He called you, and you came to him,' little Enid added softly. ' I think Heavon meant, dear, that you should not pass out of caobr othor's lives as you have been trying to do ' ' Ah, Enid — hush I, Lill inter rupted, trembling and flushing. ' As soon as he is well, I — I must go home with you and the child ren. He knows I must, dear, and he — ho will not aBk me to stay 1' , CHAPTER XXIX. . Mr. Wyatt,' Enid Baid des perately, 'aro you really going to let Lill go without a word ?' Wyatt flushed, paled, sighed, but didnot. otherwise answer the question. Tho two were alone, on tho verandah at Castlorosse. From tho garden bolow camo the voices of tlio children at play in the evening breezes — for Charlie, and Beppo, and Jock had come with their nyahs to say 'Good bye' to'Mitta Wy to,' who, since his convalesoenoe, had become elose friends -with Mrs. Lovell's little sons, and had often enter tained them at magnificent juven- ilo parties, with aunt Lill to keep order and to prevent him from killing them with toomany good things. Sydney was never so happy as wbuu ibey were- swarming all over tho house and grounds, filling the air with their happy ories and laughter, pattering up and down and in and out. It seemed to him that the presenoo of the children had banished tho melan- oholy old phantoms and shadows by which Castlorosse had been so long haunted ; and to see their love for their beautiful young ' aunt ' and her joy |in them was to tho young man a souroe of the most exquisite pain, the most exquisite delight. When ho saw hor carrying Jock on her back, or ' kissing the place to make it well' whenJBep- po tumbled down, he could not help thinking of his own old dreams — tho dreams that were never to come true. For already the few weeks of bliss that had oome to him unawares were at an end, and the next morning Mrs. Holland, whose duties as siok- nurse had ceased some time before, was to sail with all her little tribe, leaving him alone onoe more.- And this indeed would be the end — this meeting, whioh had oome about so strangely, must be their last I For to bo near Lill asberfriond wus unendurable; and, as to anything else When he had Bailed for Singapore- it had been in fulfilment of an old plan, and. with no intention or thought of seeing tho sweet woman, to trv and forget whom had been, since Ned's death, the business of his life. Dining with Mr. and Mrs. Dreux one evening during his short stay in London, he had heard that Mrs. Holland bad gone out to the East to bring her wid owed cousin and hor ohildren baok with her to England; and when Mary added that but for this unfortunate contretemps she had moant to carry him off with her on a visit to Hollandscourt; the young man had felt that this was only another proof, if ho had needed any, that his life and that of his friend's widow must be lived out apart. Very gently, vory quietly hq had allowed the pretty little match-maker to see that the sub- jeot was ono that must not be approaohed with him again. 'And yot,' Mary had saicl afterwards, with a burst of tears in her husband's arm, 'ever since the ight of; the fire,. Eddy, I am certain it is Lill he loves ! And perhaps she lovesshim too 1' 'Well, Mary darling,' her hus band had auswered, soothing her, ' if thoy love each other, it is not a journey to the East or a 'jour ney round the world that is going to keep thorn asundor. So don't you ory, you little goosol It will all oome right in the end.' But 8ydney had gone back to his hotel with a heart like a stone in his breast. - Thevery'mention of Lill's namo had been enough to disperse all the careful self- control and resignation he had maintained for the last two years. And a few days later he had left England, to return he did not know when. - And after all— after ell his re solutions and precautions, his solf denial and silent sufforing, ho had oponed his eyes one morn ing, waking from the long un consciousness of his fever, to find himself at Castlorosse, with Lill sitting, cool, and pale, and still, injjher whito gown, at his bedside. 'This is our very last day, you know,' Enid was urging, nsthoso recollections flashed across him ' And Buroly — snroly — you J will not let her go ?' ' Do you think it is easy for mo to let her go ?' Sydney said. ' Does amun let hopo and joy go, Mrs. Lovell, if — if ho oau help it?' ' No, I know,' his little friend of -old days replied with a sigh. '-You feel as she does — you poor thing 1; — that you have no right to bo happy together. But that is morbid, l thiuk, Mr. Wyatt — indeed I do. After all, you loved eaoh other before she married poor Mr. Holland. Do you think I did not guess your seoret long ago, when yon used to be plead ing your friend's oauso so bravelj and so loyally ? And, as to the marriage itself, well — Lill has told me a little, and I have gues sed tho rest. I can see quite well bow it all came about. Sho fan- oiod you had played with her, and she was mad with wounded grief and pride. But has she not suffered enough for that one great mistake of horlifo? Is she to go on punishing herself, and you, for what was really and truly Ned's fault a great deal more than her's ?' 'Mrs. Lovell,' Sydney inter rupted hurriedly, 'pray ' 'No,' little Enid maintained, trembling but resolute — 'I am not going to .lot you throw away your happiness and hers without saying a word that may prevent it. And you may be as angry as you like I ' You know very well that I always liked poor Ned Holland, though I was on your side ; and I love and admire him, dear old boy, just as muoh as you do, Mr. Wyatt, for what he did that dreadful night. But — do you not think, be would be tho first to acknowledge that ho wron ged you bitterly, oruelly once, and that ho has no night, even- if he wished it, to separate you and Lill by his death as he separated you in life ? Thiuk of it quietly and reasonably,' 'she urged eag- oly, ' and say if you. have not been sacrificing yourselves to a rather morbid and strained notion of Holland's memory. Hosnred your lifo at tho cost of his own. Yes. But it was in reparation of a dreadful wrong done to you and his wife ; and, if you .haye have both forgotten that, I do not — — ' 'Hush!' Wyatt interrupted hurriedly, with a warning gesture. Thero were sounds of grief on the stairs— Master Jock crying lustily, and "aunt Lill" consoling him as she carried him out on to tho vor&udah.; (To bo continued.) 