Mysteries of Urime. f In 18S0 a woman's body was dis covered in a cellar, under tlie pavement, of a line mansion in Hai'ley-street. The butler .of the family in cleaning out the collar came upon a cask, and within that cask he-found the* body preserved in .quicklime, which had been used, no doubt, with the idea of preserving it, but the opposite result followed. 'Decomposition- had, iiowever, gone too far to make recognition possible,, and. there "was never the .slightest clue to. tho identity ot the criminal, or of:that' of the murdered person: The /woman! Jiad been stabbed to the heart. Nothings :\v.liatevor was elicited in the-house it-: self*-. It had : been: occupied by the. same igentlemaUj its proprietor, ?an .uuimpeacli-; ! ably: . respectable < -person,-■> for . at - least' i twenty years, -andvlie- could: throw.: iio' Light ■whatever upon the mystery. , , Even-.where a body lias been clearly Identified, and within'a short space of; ' time, the solution .lias not been reached.! . Let us take some "of tlie less familiar cases as-recorded in'Hhe criminal his tory of other 'countries. • \- There- was the murder of " the pretty cigar girl,!' as '.she- • was • 'called) Mary Rogers,-, of-. Ne wf. Yorfcr-tlie ' foun d a tion; indeed, of-Ed^an AIleu Poe's famous story, "The :Mystery;; of Marie Koget," although.' ho placed file f sccuo ■ oC the crime in « .EarJ&^Mary. .Rogers left lier. home.one ev.eniiig lor a walk in HobOr ken, on the .Teysey^side of ; the Hudson Rlvci*, and wae,fnev:er afterwards seen alive. Some ida'ys: later, her body was found floating.'jib North, ltiver ; she had beeii strangled' by her own lace -fichu*. By-and-by'- the traces of a' fierce and mortal struggler were"! fouud-;3n a neigh bouringwood; and in due course'several arrests were made, all. of '^aen supposed ■to have been- desperately in love 'with Mary ltogers. Every one was able, however, to establish liis Innocence, al though' one, : by named Payn; subse-< quently. committed suicide near where the crime'was perpetrated. . . . This mysterious murder agitated the whole of the United-States'to an -.extent, unparalleled, except by the murders of Presidents Lincoln and Garfield, and 110 ilatisfactory clue was ■ ever -obtained. Not 'long: ago, at the death of the to bacco ; merchant who j had been Mary Itogers's employer, and who as years passed had/ become ft very weal thy man, certain facts" weye said to. liavu come out -which in .a measure implicated him' with, the crime,; but these do not seem to have been more than a vague story of, lite being haunted oil his deathbed in Paris by the ghost of the ..murdered girl.-, Other cases of a similar kind have occurred in the United States. 'i'liere was the murder of Sarah Cor nell, who, was ;at first thought to have hanged herself, then said to iiave been killed by a Methodist minister ; but he was acquitted, and the deed, now proved to be one of violence, was al ways a mystery. So was that of the girl fished up from the. bottom of Manhattan well, in the days when New York was a small place; but .the murderer who liad first stran gled, then thrown, Gul'.clma Sands down the well, was never discovered.— From " Casaell's Family Magazine"- for April. ■ - ■ 