NURSES' ENTERTAINMENT. NOVEL TABLEAUX The Towa all was packed to the doors on the occasion of the above entertainment on Wednesday evening last, notwithstanding the many other attraction* in the district. Prior to the entertainment the Model Band Uyed several selections outside the hall, ?'be piece de resistance was the production of the 44 Area Belle," by Dr. ani Mrs Barker Miss Miichell, Dr. Pbilpoitand Mi J. Seraog, and although this had been performed on a previous semi-public occasion, so many new itrms aod humorous business bad been introduced that a genuine surprise awaited the audience, who thought that the capabilities of the performers and the piece had been exhausted Nothing so genuinely fuuoy has been produced here for a long time, roars of laughter greeting every antic of.the amorous Pitcher and Tosser and Penelope. Dr. \V. H. Barker was inimitable as the policeman, whose propensities kept the audience in a simmer of laughter. Not a poiut was lost, whether as singer, Tambo or Ghost. HiB Sung, " The Policeman's Lot," evoked much applause, especially the last verse, ' whioh dealt with our local force. Mrs Barker made a charming Penelope. One could well understand, what a piece of luck Walker Chalks (Mr J. Serong) fell in for, when his rivals in the police and military were bowled out. She gave a'song in a very pleasiog manner, accompanied by the orchestra (Messrs. Hill ana Plaisfed). Her by-play was very good, and showed an intelligent appreciation of the humorous possibilities of her part.. Dr. Philpott represented the military claimant to Penelops'e hand He did the character ample justice, and left nothing to be desired in his rendering of a local topical sotag, 41 They'll Very Soon Have to Go," in which mention waa made of the lagoon, and the bands, and the plague bacillus. The audience were nuick to appreciate all the bits. Miss Mitchell, as Mrs Croaker, was a very dainty elderly housekeeper. She danced well, spoke clearly,'and with Mr J. T. Serong, who, as the milkman, 'played a subordinate pait with intelligence aoB care, filled up the cast of a most successful and humorous production. Previous to the 4 1 Area Belle" a concert programme was gone through as follows : — Miss Alice Edwards sang 44 Doreen" io a charming tnan ner, winning rounds of applause. She was accompanied by Miss M'Gibbony, who also 4 played for Mr Fraser in 1 The White Squall." Mr Frascr has a fine voice opinion confirmed by every opportunity have had of hearing him Mr Steers, of Stawell, sang " Good Night, Beloved," for which be was doubly encored, bis clear tenor voice being an agreeable surprise to those who bad not previously had the pleasure of hearing him. He was accompanied by Mrs Megaw io a sympathetic maimer. Mrs Megaw also played the incidental music for the li virig pictures later on, with good taste and aatisfaction to the audience. Mrs J. W. Styles, of Melbourne, sang " May Morning." She possesses a fine soprano voice, which she knows how to use, and this was evidenoed by the heatty applause that greeted this, her first appearance before ai Ararat audience.- Professor " .Buogo, whose pseudonym does not proveot his name being-an opeii secret, sang a humorous topi* cal song of his own composition, entitled, " Haven't a Word to Say " Ho was accompanied by Miss aod' Metsis. Brinkley on. the banjo and piano, the two former of whom opened the couoert with a well played piano forte duet, • 1, .Fr» Diavolo." " Buuj ' seemed to fetch the audience,-an encore iog demanded. It was a very successful effort, whioh, we trust, will be repeated. Under the leadership ot Mrs Darlot, assisted by Mr 1\ Miller, a song, witb a beauti* fill tableau and ohorue, was sung by Master A. Guyot in which tho following took part: —Misses Smart (2),Clatk (2), A. M'Gionis, IS. Start, L Sadler, and Mnstera Simpson, Bodges, K Gray, Vivian and Clark. Later on another item "Six Little Middies," capably sustained by Mhsters C. Thompson, <». Symoos, A. and H. Viokery, A. Kitchener, aod Alex. Jones, was also given, introducing a sailor's hornpipe. The middies 'tug, acted, danced and were dressed well, end the kindly and energetic lady who took the trouble to traiu thein cun be well satisfied with their successful appearance, ,A. beautiful rendering 6f " The Village Chimes" was fiven by Messrs. M*-Giubony, Uehiv Hill and Dunn of -thoArattl* Tttuflrwblch" wu appreciated by the audlenoe in an un< raiitakeable manner. It is to be deplored, flowerer, that ODiacbic occasion aoydii. pparentlvopposed to the old band—bringing their petty quarrel into a charitable concert. There is nothing more likely io alienate public sympathy. A feature of the evening was some original -living pictures by the nurae?, entitled 1 "The Accident/' 4 The Operation," •• His Last LpLter/* and " Recover?," io which Nurses M'Leod, Mixner, Challman, Troutbeck aod Tapley- Short, and Privates Car* roll, Battye, Burn, Molony and Jenkins took part. They met with an enthusiastic reepption. The ladies were thoroughly - at home .in the .arrangement^the work,- ao that the tableaux quickly followed one another. The limelight effects were very pretty, so were the nurses, ani the surroundings were novel—ar least to the great majority of the audience, At ila conclusion an enthusiastic encore . was demanded,, in response to which the last picture was repeated. Additional interest was given by the presence of Private Sam Edwards as the principal character, whose appearance was th* signal for three cheers; Mr .7. W. Styles, who came from Melbourne for the purpose, aaog 41 Jack's the'Boy," in costume, having a chorus of-half a dozen young sailors. Qe was in excellent voice, and bis spirited rendition won enthusiastic applause. Mr li. B. Brinkley then sang * 4 Delaney's Rooster," which evoked such enthusiastic applause that f * Doperzootie" was given as an encore. He was accompanied by Mr L. Brinkley on ihe piano in an able manner. A living picture, 44 Britannia," with Miss Mixner in the name part, was given, and it was announced the probable not receipts would be £30, and the 'audience was asked to join in the last tableaux in singing 44 God Save the Queen," Fit st of all the nurses entered by the central door, and after saluting in the militery fashion took their places, to the accompaniment of 44 Soldiers of the Queen," played by Mrs Megaw. Then to " Rule Britannia," sailors entered, saluted and took their places. Private Sam Edwards, accompanied by a nurse to represent the soldier's bride, entered to the tune of "Auld Lang Syne." Then to " God Save the Queen," 44 Lord Roberts,' 1 ably personated by Mr Gilchrist, who had assisted in one of the other tableaux, brought to a conclusion one of the most sucoessful entertainments of its soil given for some ' time. Hospital concert should certainly become an annual afiair. 