THE BLUE DIAMOND. BY l>. T. MEADB. CHAPTER XXJV.— (Continued.) "It's a queer tale," sho saltl, when Mrs. Tom- plo coo.sed speaking, "and it seems to go right dgon tliat poor young lady, Miss Dllias Lawford, hut ill tho samo you mark my words, madam, she's as innocent as innocent can ho. Maybe we'll And another thief; Its my bellct that we will. Who knows but sho's In tho liouso all the time? Oh, wo won't mention no names. I am glad you liavo told mo, and tho thing is safi enough with mo. You must go to sleep now, madam. Tlio.ro Is your sleeping mixture on tho tollot table, and I will glvo you a dose." "Well, 1 am very tired. It was a relict to talk to you, nnd you are so delightfully mattcr- ot-tact." "Whatever is that?" "Sensible." "I hope I am. How can a poor girl earn her living It sho ain't senslhlo? Now go to sleep, madam." Mrs. Temple lay hack on hor pillow. Nancy stayed by her until her eyes closed In sleop, As soon as sho knew that her mistress was really sound asleep, sho went very sottly out ot the room. Sho crossed tho lauding, went down a passage, and presently found herself In the room which LU had occupied while sho stayed In Eaton- squaro. Lll had told her very much tlie samo story' which Beatrix Ternplo had coulided to lier that eveniug, . only alio had gono further. Sho had described where she had hidden the diamond. Sho had explained to Nancy her own feeling ot relict when silo caught a glimpse ot tho old hand- box on the top ot tho wardrobe, how sho had managed to drag it from lis lildlug-Rlace, aud had put tho diamond, wrapped in her own pocket- handkorehlof, into It, oml had returned tlio hand- box to Its place. But always when Lll had come to that point In her talo she began to got con tused and puzzled. "My head is giddy; I won't tell you any more," sho used to say to her faithful nurso and friend. "I ouly know that I put it there, and 1 know that when I looked again It was gone. I don't, sup pose for a slnglu moment I took it, hut it was gono." "Of late, however, Lll had changed her manner of tolling tho tale. She had begun to say mora firmly, day after day, "But I loolt it out ot its hiding-place when I left the house that morning. I took It away with me; I did steal it." Nancy now went Into the bedroom, determined to havo a look at tho old wardrobe herself. She was a good deal taller than Lll, and therefore could seo inoro of tlio bandbox in Its hiding-place. Sho fetched a step-ladder from the nearest house maid's cupboard, placed It beside the wardrobe, turned on tho electric light, and mounted tho stops. Sho was now able to look right down on top of tbo wardrobe. The bandbox occupied Its old position. Nancy took U. up and opened it. Nothing lay within. She v, just about to re- placo It lu Its old position when she noticed something glittering on the top of tlie wardrobe. For an instant her heart gave a leap. Was the diamond on the top of the wardrobe, after all? Was tho terrlblo mystery about to bo explained away? Sho stretched out her hand and clutched tho shining object. She found that sho wan holding a narrow gold Ting. Quickly descend ing tho steps she took the ring over to tho near est light. Sho examined It carefully. It was small and worn, and evidently made in a bygono fashion. It contained one tiny red stono In tho middle. Didi this ring belong to Lll Lawford? "I must lind out about this," thought Nancy, "it looks uncommon like a clue." Sho put tho stcpladdor back In its placo, turned off tho light, and returned to her mis tress's room. Nancy built up the flro, and sat down by it. Mrs. Temple was sleeping heavily. Naney slipped the tiny' old- fashioned ring on her fourth finger. She wondered what it meant, and Who had placed it on tho wardrobe. Pre sently sleep stele over her, nnd she closed hor eyes. When she awoko again it was broad day light. and Mrs. Temple was Bitting tip In bed. "What has happened?" sho cried. "Whore aro you, Nadine?" "Nadino ain't in, ma'am. I'm hero — Nancy Price. Let me make your pillows comfortable, and then I will fetch you some tea." "Has not Nadino been back all night?" "No, madam." Naney wns just about to leave tho room to fetch the tea when It suddenly occurred to her to ask a question. "I found this in the night," sho said. "I Ihouglit, perhaps, you would know who it bo- longed to." Mrs. Temple uttered an eager exclamation. Nancy slipped the ring from her flhgor, and held it out for her inspection. "Whorevor did you fled it?" she cried. "Why, that is Nadine's; sho has been seoklng it every where. Sho has small hands, and It is too loose tor tho finger on which sho wears It. It is always dropping off. But what is tho matter? How strange you look!" "I have reason to bo strange, ma'am. You would like to know who stole tho Bluo- Dia mond. Maybe I can tell you soon. I will lcoop this ring. I can glvo it back to Nadine when she returns. Now X will fotch your toa." When Nancy got' into the passage outside her mistress's room sho had somo difficulty In sup pressing a scream. "God Almighty bo thanked for His mercy!" sho wlilsperod. "I havo got a real clue at last." CHAPTER XXV. By eleven o'clock that samo' day everyone In the houso at Eatoa Square became anxious about Nadlue. Sho wns not popular, hut nevertheless her absence caused speculation. Sho was, what ever licr faults, failhful to her mistress, and tho Tact ot her never returning all night, of no message arriving froth hor, and ot her still not putting in an appearance, caused much excite ment. What had happened to . her. Whero had sho gone ? Amidst tho buzz of conversation in tho sor- vants'-hall Nancy remained quite, cool. Hudson hud now reeovored from her lieadaclio aud was cross with tho undor-liousemaid. "You'vo dono moro than you ought — wh cod ling yourself Into my mistress' favor," sho said. "I don't like thoso sly underhand ways. X like girls In your position to keep their place — that's what I Uko." Nauey observed that all tho otlior servants looked at lier also with moro- or less - suspicion. Even Mrs. Murray was Inclined to ho snappish, for Nancy was now absolutely Installed In Mrs. Temple's bedroom as nurse. Already she seemed to have completely usurped tho missing Nadine's place. "You mnko mo feel so ntce," said Mrs. Temple to her. "I never was more pleased with atiyono in so short a tlmo. Now pleaso bring baby; you can sit 'with 'him' o'n your knee, and talk to him In that pretty way you did Jast night. I shall bo vastly entertained, watching you both. Oh, of courso, I am anxious about poor Nadino, hut it ever thero was a woman capable of taking care of herself sho is the one. X daro say sho will bo back at any-momont." As Mrs. Templo spolto, a wistful look eamo into her eyes, that seemed to say. "When Nadino returns my hour of tyranny will begin once' more." Meanwhile sho enjoyed hor baby, nnd laughed when Nancy brought out nil Us most fascinating ways. But Nancy was anxious on hor own ac count. It wns all-important that sho should seo Cardew as soon as possible. Had sho not In her possession a ring which might lead her straight to tho locality of the Blue Diamond? After a pause, therefore, slie lolcod up at her mistress. "Tlio baby is getting sleepy," she said, "and I think I- have dono everything that you want for tho -tlmo being, mndnm. It don't seera fair that no steps should he taken to flml out what has become of Miss Nndine. Will you let mo go to a place where I think she may havo been and make Inquiries about her?" "Certainly!" replied Mrs. Templo; "and you can buy a pretty new toy' for 'baby — some sort of rattle or anything of that kind. Hern's half-a- crown for you. Now give lYi'e (liat novel. You havo made me feel so comfortable that T slmll not need anything until you come, back again." Naney ran off. She put on her hat and jacket, and was just going out by tho linek door when Mrs. -Murray saw her and called her hack. "Why are you not attending to your work, Price?" "My mistress Is sending mo out, ma'am, on a message." "Oh, Indeed !"' Mrs. Murray looked Incredu lous. "I wish my mistress would allow the ser vants to stay In', their proper places," she mut tered, under her breath. "Bo quick, hack," sho said aloud. "f will, ma'am," answered Naney, In hor most respectful tones. Tho moment slio got out of the liouso sho put wings to her feet and began tn run across the square. At a corner where she hoped to meet him sho did fliul James Cardew waiting for her. "How late you are!" ho said. In nn Impatient voico. "I liavo been waiting for you for three- quarters of an hour." 'T could not como a moment sooner, sir. hut there's groat news. Nadino Oloffson nover eamo hack last night." "You don't say so!" "Sho wont out oarlv hi tho evening, sir, nnd has never returned. Slio Is sure to have visited t lio diamond merehnnt, Ivan Sternoff. TTnd we not hotter go thoro, In order to get tidings of her?" "There Is someono else missing also." said Car dew. "Tilings are getting complicated. Do you know that Peter Watson hns never returned lioroo slnoo the day I gave lilm Ills supner, nnd you met. us nlmnst. Immediately after? Ills molhor Is nnnry crazy with nnxlnty." "Well, Ivan Stcvnnff may he able to loll of his whereabouts, too," answered Nannv. "Look litre. Mr. Cardew. I'm pulling ashlo lirlcks nnd lotting tho daylight. In. T told you I'd do it, nnd I niq- Wt'al '1 "«>' ,n n,lR "nw?" As Nancy spoke she nulled off her glove anil showed the thin, old -fashioned cold ring, with Its - tiny garnet In tho centre glistening on hor "Well, that don't look up to much," said Cn' "Taint much In Itself, but' It. means a good deal. It's the beginning of n cluo. You follow this ring, Mr. Cnrilew, and you'll got tho dia mond— Hint's my belief." "What do you moan?" "Well, sir, I moan this. Didn't -Miss Lawford say. that sho put tho diamond in a bandbox on the top of tho wardrobe In her bedroom? Didn't sho say, too, that when sho took the bandbox down, on hor return from tho country, tho hand kerchief was In tho box hut not the diamond?" "That's truo enough," answered Cardow. "Well, sir, I havo just spent a wonderful night. I owo all that I learnt during tho hours of darkness to tho absenco of Nadiuo Oloffson. My mistress was nervous, ,and I spent tho night with her. In tho night tho poor dear lady began to cry out — just as my dear Miss Lil sometimes calls out in her sleep. Sho was In n mortal terror and fret about tho diamond, nnd I stood by licr bod and mado her tell me all the story. It Bcoins the poor dear is frightened to death of a big man sho calls a Cardinal lu St. Peters burg. I told her sho was talking downright non- sense— I'm not Nancy Price if I don't speak out. When she dropped off to Bleep again It occurred to me that now was my time to liavo a look at tho top of tho wardrobe for myself; for as I ho! lovo Miss Lil did not take tho diamond so surely do I bellevo that someono else did. I wont to Miss Lll's room and I mounted tho step- " You3 fwmfl— — ' ' said Cardew. who was now looking at her with blazing eyes and a faeo white with excitement. , , . "This, Mr. Cardew." And Nancy dropped a curtsey as she spoke. "In tho bandbox?" ... . ... "No, sir; hut lying on the plain deal top of tho wardrobe. Tho ring sont out a sparlc of 8 ut from Its tiny rod stono, and I snatchod. It up and "What did you do?" "Slipped It on my flngor, went hack, and spent tho rest of tlio nlglit in my mistress's room. In the morning I showed her what I bad found. What do you think sho said?" "Don't keep me in suspense," said Cardew. "Sho said, 'That is Nadine Oloffson's. Sho lost It, and didn't know whero sho had put it.' Sho wont on to sny, '£ am always scolding Nadino for wearing that ring, for it Is too big for her finger, and sho is always dropping it off.' Now, Mr. Cardew. it is but to put two and two toge ther. Would Nadine's ring he ou tho top of tho wardrobe If Nadine had not been meddling with tho bandbox? I ask you that, sir." "And I answer 'No!' " replied Cardow. "Then you seo wo havo goL the tag end of a clue." "We have, certainly." Cardow hurried Ills steps. "And I am glad," ho continued; "for Mr. Strong Is looking queer, and I don't believe any thing will keep him back from seeing Miss LU much longer, and as to poor Miss Lll horGelf, slio grows stranger, and that craze la her head seems to get worse every day, until the wife— yes, Nancy Price, the wife— even believes that, slio did do It. That beo in her bonnet Is getting to such big pro portions that we must do something soon to scotch it, or the poor girl will lose her senses." "Let's hurry up," said Nancy. "If anybody knows whoro Nadine is, It's Ivan Sternoff, tho diamond merchant. Lot's go to lilm at once." "I'm your man," answered Cardew. "You want someono to help you now. I ought to ho at my placo in tho city, but I'd rather lose it than not stay with you at a critical momont Uko tho pre sent." So the two turned quickly in tho direction of Stornoff's shop, and In a few minutes they had entered through tlio open door and stood by tho counter. Tho proprietor of the shop was within, lie was well dressed, and looked spruco and ap parently in tho best of spirits. Thoro was no one clso in tho shop. He glanced from Nancy to Car dew, and then said with a smile: "My friends of tho street corner! And what can I do to assist you both this morning? Do you, sir, want a ring for your sweetheart? I liavo a goodly show ill this drawer, most of them second-hand, and at all prices to meet every pur chaser." "We do not want to see any of your rings," re plied Cardew. "This young woman and I havo come hero to ask you ouo or two plain questions." "If the questions do not relate to my business I must ask you to call another time," was Sternoff'a answer. "But it happens that they do relate to your busi ness; I will therefore talco the opportunity ot put- ling thorn to you at once," said Cardew in a de termined voice. "In the first place, I wish to know what you bare dono with a boy — Peter Watson, who was in my company this day week between nlno and ten o'clock in the evening. You claimed tho hoy as your servant and took him away with you." "If you allude to a red-headed lad. about four teen years of age, Watson by name, I certainly brought him here, nnd had a right to do so," re torted Sternoff. "You havo no right to kidnap liliu, however. He has not returned to his mother's home from that date; ho must bo found Immediately." "Oh, ho is missing, Is ho, the young rogue?" answered Sternoff, but there came a twinkle of mingled malico and. amusement into his eyes. "Well, sir, I have nothing to do with that. I dis missed tho young scoundrel from my employ ment tho next morning. You, sir, had put no tions into his head by no means suitable to a messago boy, and I was forced to glvo him tho sack. It is nearly a week since ho left me, sir; I know nothing whatever about him, nor am I re sponsible for his whereabouts." "It Is always Invidious to doubt the word of a gentleman," said Cardew, slowly, "but of courso, Mr. Sternoff, you liavo no objection to having your premises searched?" "Hot tho slightest," answered Sternoff, "ns soon as you can produce a warrant to show that you have a right to do so." "That I can quickly obtain. And now for my second question," continued Cardew. "This young woman, Mr. Sternoff, happens to bo a ser vant In tho employment of Air. nnd Mrs. Temple, ot IS Eaton-square, She is the tinder-housemaid. Last night, in the absence of Mrs. Temple's inaid Nadino Oloffson, sho took her placo and looked after her mistress. Nadine went out last night— at what hour, Naney Price?" "Between eight and nine," answered Nancy glibly. "Slnco then," continued Cardow, "she has not returned. Wo aro under tho impression, that, sho came here." "I do not reccivo nil stolen goods," said Sternoff with tho ghost of a smile. "I certainly cannot tell you where Miss Oloffson is." "You can at least say If she visited you last night?" Sternoff was silent for a momont, then he said slowly: "I seo no objection to answering you in the affirmative. She did como In for a minute or two. She happens to be a very old friend of mine Sho loft my shop before nlno o'clock, however" as sho was in a hurry homo." ' about her'"'1011 tC" US noUlInE whatever further "Nothing; and ns your object here seems to he to insult me I will request you both to leavo my shop at ouco." J Cardow turned and spoke to Nancy. "Wo can do nothing further here," he said In a low voice, "at least for the present." He did not even wait to say good-byo to Sternoff, but went immediately into tho street, Nancy following him. They had scarcely dono so beforo tho door of tlio shop was opeucd, uud a smart- looking hoy in tho dress of a district messonger eamo in and handed Sternoff a note. Ho opened it uttered a hasty exclamation, and then turned to tho boy. "I will attend to tho contents, thero is no answer," lio said, and ho pushed his hand through his thick blnelc hair. The boy, his busi ness over, immediately left the shop, and Ster noff went and shut the door, "God of Abraham, wluit does this mean?" ho said to himself. "So Nadino, pretty Nadlue, my birdllng of whom I was so proud, lias como to tlio end of lier resources. ICuocked down by a 'bus as sho was going hack to Eaton Square last nlglit. Seriously 111 but wants to seo mo. In Guy's Hospital; not expected to recover. Wants to seo me, does she? Doubt If she'll got mo. Tills will ooino hard on mo, and I am bound to tliiuk ot myself first. Nadino is the sort of girl to confess when all Is up, and if she confesses it wili mako things pretty hot for me. I don't mean to' put myself Into tho jaws ot tho lion. I cau seo that It is. time for Ivan Sternoff to leave this inhospltablo country. Yes, my pretty Na dine, I shall go — and with tho Bluo Diamond. I'll he oil within luilf-an-liour. That suspicious- looking spy fellow who was In just now will he hack in double quick tlmo to search tho house. Ho will find Peter Watson downstairs, aud Peter will ho In tho sort ot humor to tell him tilings which I would much rather tho detective follow didn't know. I have just half an hour to get under way. Long before tlio detective can get tliu warrant tho diamond and I will he off. What a good thing It is that I keep no other servants, and that I have been preparing for tills dark hour during tho last six weeks." Sternoff now. went hustlly into his back pre mises. Ho returned In a very few mluutes so completely metamorphosed 111 appearance tli.it no on llrniry person would havo recognised ltlni. Ho left the shop a moment later. Tho pooplo in tho street took llttlo or no notice of him; ho was just tho sort of Individual who would patronise "Ivan Stornoff's shop — lient, brokon-down, wiiito- liatrod. IIo was supposed to have sold somotlilng there, quite an ordinary tiling to do. Tho shop door was left open on purpose, and Ivan Sternoff. with the Blue Diamond sown Into his waist coat pocket, had left tho premises nover meaning to return. (To bo continued.) 