BJOBNSTJEBNE BJQBNSflN. Pen-Picture of the Fatuous Norwegian. :J?liere enuid be j,o n.'"d.>e picturesque and : striking antithesis of porsonqllty tWari that' offered in a comparison of Henrllc Ibsen and BJornstjerne BJornson— tlie one ull pesslmlsm, fiisslness, and conceit, tlie other an ombodl-; mcnt of optimism, franlt cordiality, and that' zest in tlie tilings of tlie moment which keeps1 the heart young while the hair grows white! (says Perrl ton Maxwell In. the March "Book Buyer"). Ibsen is a storm-cloud1; BJornson' a burst of sunshine. Both are stronupus! thinkers, land both stand for wliat is truly re-! 'preEontatlve in'Norse literature.. ' In sketch- ! 'ing Bjornson it is .'difficult- to "suppress . one!s . enthusiasm//; There is so m'iich bf .fiuoyancy,' so much .that Is vigorously cheerful in his per sonality, as. well as In 'his writings, that the! temptation to, praise is ds keen- In his case as the tomptation to contemn Is pressing, in the : case of Ibsen-.' 1 One must be content, there fore, merely to daw an outline sketch of .this modern Viking, gone into the trade of let- ; ters. ' An Interesting fact that has escaped his; biographers 'is BJornstjerne Bjbnnson's /pos-s session of a third name — Martinlus. .."Hei' lins; laid away the cognomen along, with his poll-: tical ambitions, 'and "ills quarrel 'with King! Oscar. . ' , ' THE IDOL Oia HIS PEOPLE, their ideal type- of man, no less than their- .Ideal. author, BJornson of Bate has been -a1 w.orldi wanderer, going up and down the coun tries of Europe like a restless soul seeking re pose in Purgatory. There .has been:mo es-: trangement from ills countrymen, no discon tent on Bjornson's-part. He does not attempt to explain- liis noinadlsrp, for lie, cannot. It is merely giving way to that hatred of. .re straint which an imprisoned lion- feels. BJorn son is a lion in appearance a-nd temperament,, and Norway Is his- dage; Norway, with Its vast mountain ranges, its snow peak andi gla- cliers, its out-of-door life, its deep-breathing, unconflned, and free-spirited race. BJornson; the owner of a large estate in Norway, spends most of Ills time In Paris, in Rome, in-. Nice,; anywhere but in his fatherland. He is a long- disllance patriot. He Is genuinely fond of his country, and Its brave and sturdy folk, but his love is aroused to its highest pitch when he is farthest from home. . . ; In 'an early part of 1874 BJornson' . . BOUGHT A CENTURY-OLD STRUCTURE' at Aulestad, a large -two-storied dwelling- house In the common style of early Norwe gian farmhouses. The author transformed this building into a modern country : home, adding a balcony here, a verandah there. The. place is an ideal one for a writer, 10 miles from the tojyn of Llllehammer, in the Gausdal 'Valley, and near the river. Gausa. Bjornson was charmed with the house, remained In it ; iong enough to write five books, and departed for' Rome. ' He '.returns to this fine old house once in a year of work-days— a house with an outward and interior aspect or cheerfulness, tlie BJornson contagious cheerfulness— ahd, surrounded by his heaped-up books, periodi cals, newspapers, pictures, plunges into a manuscript that has long before been shap ing itself in 'his mind. His task finished lie Is away again, a big, bubbling, good-natured bee' that has come back to his hive to deposit his. honey and flits off among the flower-gar dens of the world. BJORNSON IS LONG OF LIMB, . " broad-shouldered (bending now under the weight of years), large in every bone and mus cle, with an. almost burly frame topped by a: head over which a white mane falls and : tan gles as it may, half hiding a face deep-cut and remarkable for its expression of power; the mobile mask of the torrcntjal Intellect back of itl. Behind a pair of flashing spectacles dance . and sparkle and glow eyes that read your thoughts, that mock you, that for a mo ment hold you hopelessly in a blue liaze, and then warm up the atmosphere with a - signal of the laugh that is to follow. In con versation BJornson springs from a'sltting pos- ! ture to the. altitude of Thor.about to hurl his; magic; hammer. For a. moment he is: astride, a chair,! or lolling clumsily on a sofa, and in a twinkling he is.paolng the floor, loud-voleed, vehement, but always affable; a verbal Nia gara heard through 'o. telephone; a Dr.! John- ; son speaking in the golden tones of Chester- field. \ , View him from any angle, watch him in any clime; test him by any eircumstanees, you cannot fail- to see in BJornson THE JOVIAL PHILOSOPHER AND OPTIMIST. He is a boy of 67, without a care, .but Interest- -ed In everything; a merry lad near the bib lical ;age' limit with the brain of a statesman, the .Imagination of an artist, and tlie passion of a. poet. Then he has his calm, domestic side also, fie! is a father who. loves his chil dren— one a prosperous gentleman-farmer at Aulestad, one In the Chinese Customs service, .and one an aqtor-managor of growing fame. Fru Sigurd Ibsen, the only daughter, has a reputation for beauty which is«iot confined to the Norwegian capital. But whether as tlie national poet of his land, Its chief advocate in letters, its foremost orator, lie is first and last commanding as a wholesome character, who, boi-n in a land of literary dyspeptics, has risen above the prevailing gloom, routing the glum creations of his contemporaries with charac ters of normal health, banishing their mecha nical miseries with a ringing laugh, and prov ing to the world's satisfaction that there exlBt- other things than ghosts and marital infidelities in Norseland. 