THE ABSENT-MINDED QUACK. By Colonel Core-aix. Dedicated to tbe great array of male and female quacks, abortionists and progeny preventers, who, in the absence cf a Medical Bill, m&ko; New iSouth Wales the paradise of the charlatan and the inferno of the ignorant. . When you're shouted 'cure-all physic,' aad you've sung ' God send tho tin !' And you've finished killing victims with vonr drugs, Will you kindly ' cut your lucky,' quit, and save your dirty skin, For no longer can you prey on simple mugs ! You're an absent-minded beggar, and you've got an empty pato ; j But ghosts of dead will rise up to remind you You're a monster ! you're a coward ! But you'll not have long to wait, For Vengeful men and -women aro i behind you ! | Cook's son, gent's son, sons of ten I thousand more, Son of the widow who depends on him to earn her bread ; Each one doing his life's true work, keepiae the wolf from the door : But you never do rest, while they pay you well, till they're dead, dead, dead 1 When the law is put in motion, when you have to earn a crust, And you find it hard to work as others do ; Pull your coat from lazy shoulders (' when the Devil drives, needs must'), And change dishonest old for honest new. Yon're a Etony-hearted beggar, and your ears aro d«af to prayer Of dying men aud women -who remind you Of purging pilis and promises I You can no longer dare To walk the earth aad heap up dead behind you. Men cry, women cry. Listen, if you be wisa, To justice, truth and charity, don't close your heart to-day, Bow bow your head and blush in shamo for millions of terrible lies ; Justice is on your track at last, and you'll pay I pay ! pay ! If you coase reviling doctors, if you learn to diagnose, If you study facts in science night and morn, Yon will learn that palsy can't ba cured by turning up the toes, You may raalise that gout is not a corn. You're a rough and nncouih beggar, with your ignorance profound, But you'll tremble, for Nemesis will remind yon, That your victims lie in hundreds, deep buried underground, And where'er you've walked you've left your dead behind you ! Dark . work, bad work, work of a heartless thing, Hundreds of Buffering mortals lift ing their hands to-day, Crying for help and ease from pain, which duffers like you cannot bring, Yet lies yon will tell by the thou sand while they pay ! pay ! pay ! While you speak ot bark chinchona, and pretend to cure disease, While plasters, green and pink, may still deceive, There's a little chap behind -you, with a busy swarm of bees, Who, for mercy's sake, will victory achieve; You're « clever canning beggar, but your punishment will come, When a vulture chews your liver to remind yon That the solace to your 60ul's not . . so sweet as milk or rum, And Sisyphus ehoveB a heavy stone ^ behind yon. Bad man, cruel man, 'gripped by a * wretched life,' Hundred and fifty thousand pills . down. your throat shall go, Each one doing its direful work, set ting your ' innards ' at strife ; ?When you cross 111? Sfyx there'll bo 1 nought for you but woe, woe, woo ! 