GHOSTS THAT HAUNT WINDSOR GASTLE. Is England in Danger? There is-« tradition that whenever England is in danger ghosts of some of her former kings and queens walk in the lonely ohambers of Windsor CaBtle. Strangely enough, just ssHhe country is agitated by the Transvaal difficulty the uneaBy shade of King Henry VIII. has . been dejected in the act of flitting about the Castle. There are now three ghosts of the first-class who are reported on excellent authority to beinthe habit of walking through the corridors and chambers of ancient Windsor.' These are:—Henry VIII., Queen Elizabeth, Charles 1. - The alleged appearance of Henry VIII. has "been: made public in a somewhat . roundabout -smanner. It. was learned recently that the Queen had ordered the lighting of the great State Library of the Castle by,-electricity. As the room is a very ancient one, lined with splendid woodwork of great value and antiquity, the work of fitting iu the electric light wires is a difficult and delicate one. Moreover, it was not necessary for the benefit of readers, because no one has oocasion to use it at night. ' ,-:•.'. '' The news about the lighting of the library, therefore, created some interest, and inquiry elicited the fact that.it had been ordered: "by the Queen at the request of some: superstitious members of her family and household. - The last person who saw a ghost in the Castle was lieutenant Arthur St. Leger Glyn, oftheGrenadier Guards, a grandson of Lord Wolverton. He is a young man of vigorous health with a matter of fact temperament, and is said to be not at all mystical in his nature. He relates that he was in command of the guard in the interior of the Castle. It waB late in the evening, and he was standing in the library. A dim light straggled through the ancient stainedglass windows. Suddenly he became aware of a figure advancing silently down the- middle of the library. It came swiftly past him, and filled him with .such, fear and astonishmentthat he atood helpless for several moments. Then he recovered himself, and called sternly to the intruder to explain who he was. The-figure passed on without paying any attention. Lieutenant Glyn drew his sword,' and thrust it at the figure." The sword met .with no resistance. ; The figure went on and disappeared through the door. Lieutenant Glyn ran but, and asked a sentinel if he had seen the man" who had just passed through. The sentinel -replied -that he had seen no one. ;. - Lieutenant Glyn afterwards consulted with the librarian* and various old officials, and told them what he had seen; The figure,. as well aB he oould remember, was that of a man in sixteenth^ century dress.He wore long hose -and' a'doublet, which appeared to be richly decorated. He was of tremendously heavy build, and great girth.. His features were bloated, and. wore an expression of anguish. '. : Most of the Castle officials with whom Lieutenant Glyn consulted agreed that he had seen the .ghost of King Henry VIII., whose appearance, has been reported at rare intervals in the Castle. Lieutenant Glyn admitted that all he had seen tended to confirm this: view. It is astonishing to find so many people of high position, and presumably high intelligence in England, who give credence to these ghost stories. -Princes and princesses, army officers, high dignitarieB of .the Church; and Court officials do not question these supernatural appearances in Windsor Castle. Many of these persons give circumstantial accounts of apparitions they witnessed. When Lieutenant Glyn's story became known it was decided that the ghosts were becoming too numerous, and' a menace to peace and comfort. Of course, they cannot bo prevented from walking in the small hours of the morning, bat that they should disturb modern ladies and- gentlemen early in. the evening is intolerable. The Queen was, therefore, petitionedto have the library lighted by electricity; and gave her consent.. It is not supposed that the ghost .of a sixteenth century king will care to appear in the electric light. It is only two years ago since Mr. Holmes, the librarian of Windsor CaBtle, reported the appearance of another ghost in this library. He wasreading there, when he became aware of a mysterious presence. He looked, and saw a woman-wearing a coronetj an immense ruff, a stomacher covered with jewels, and a voluminous skirt. He, at once recognised that it was Queen Elizabeth. She was wringing her hands, and her face wore an expression : of fear. •. ' .-•• • Mr. Holmes followed the apparition, but it disappeared through a door, and a woman who waB outside said that she had seen no one. • • •-. The Empress Frederick of Germany, oldest daughter of the Queen, declares that she saw the ghost of Queen Elizabeth in' the library whenahe was a child. "In the library there is a gallery which was built by Queen Elizabeth. .„ lis windows look out on the terrace of the Castle. Here the Queen used to walk, and devise schemes of statecraft There is at least one other ghost in Windsor. The Dean of Windsor, who is also chaplain, to the Queen, is not sure whether Henry VIII. or Queen Elizabeth hannts the Castle, but he does know that the spirit of King-CharlBB I. is to be seen annually in the; vicinity/ The ghost of the beheaded monarch is reported to visit an ancient housein the Canon'a Glose, whioh is « dependency of Mrs. Boyd- Carpenter, wife of the Bishop of Ripon, whoae^hnshand was formerly a, Canon of Windsor, occupied this house. >ShestateB that on J one, 26 she heard the ghost walk upstairs and opBn a door^ but did not see it. Afterwards she learned that June 26 was the night on which the nnhappy monarch was reputed to visit the house eveiy year. •' •'. '•.-, .. t • , ^ . One «annot Imagine a more suitable locality for :ghosts than'Windsor, Castle. It has been the residence of every English monarch since William. the Conqueror, and had seen more than feight hnndred years of splendour, blood, crime, romance, and tragedy. It was buil t for William the Conqueror shortly after 1066. St. George's Chapel, whioh is«tf ached* to it, was finishedI to Henry VII., father of Hanry VIII., whose ghost is reported to have been seen 