Seventy Times Seven. N PtrailSHKD BY 8M50IA31 AJUtiaGEKEXT.j / ' By ADELINE SERGEANT "nHior of "Tlio Story of a Penitent Soul," " Jacobi'a- .Wife," . « -Roger Vnnbrongh's ' - Wife," "Tbo Great Mill Street Mystery," " A LifeScntcnco," " Dr. Endicott'a .Experiment," "A Rogue's Daughter, " "Tho, Luck of the House,'? j ' '. '.Casper Brooke's Daughter," "No Ambition,'' &o.;, fife. . ' ; jcorrRiaiiT. J . - ; ; . . s ' I CHATTER XXXV.—lCMliuueil). " Working hard and losing money," said Has, briefly. "There must have been shameful ex travagance somewhere I'' said Mrs. Bran- don. "Such losses could not come by ac cident." " It is tho lawsuit that disables me,"' observed Max. " Neither 1 nor my father contemplated its possibility when we took Barley's Works; Tho only thing I can honestly do now is to' shut them up, and obtain a situation elsewhere." " Not in ScaiMlield, 1 hope." " Certainly in Scarsfield, if I can get one," said Mas, with a sudden lighting up of his eyes. " I have done nothing that I need bo ashamed of, and I do not mean to leave tho town if I can help it. Of course, I see that it is impossible for me to con tinue my old ways of life in every respect. For instance, it may be better for mo to b9 entirely independent of this house; I cannot afford now to contribute an equal share to its expenses." " Oh, Max, you don't mean to go away !" cried Ursn.o, starting forward. ' "Max is right," said Mrs. Brandon, with icy sovoriiy, " If he cannot, or will not, pay his share, and take a. part in the re sponsibilities of the household, 1 it is' high timo that ho left. us. My means are not largo enough to support him." Max watked to the door. "You will not bo burdened with me much longer. I shall look out fur lodgings to-niurvow," be said. His tones were low but composed ; the muscles of bis face were sternly set. Ur sula was grieved for him beyond measure, for sho knew how deeply he was hurt by his mother's words. She liad outgrown tho period of tempestuous remonstrance ; but as he close'd the door behind bim, and .. Mrs. Brcndnn broke into fretful and unjust complainings, she bent her head ovev a book, and allowed hilt tears , of bitterness and griof to How us freely as they would. Mux wished 'flint it was a school night as ho strode along the streets. Then he should have something to do, instead of allowing tho miserable sensation of failure and incompetency to pursue bim like a nightmare. He had a desperate desire to inform all His friends as soon as possible of his position. The desire drove him to Chaigrovo to see Cecil at once, as it had already driven him to enter upon imme diate explanations with Mrs. lirendon. He looked np at the Priory as he passed, and wished I hat Magdalen was there to comfort and advise him. She was still in London . with Ruby Rnslyn ; a fortnight only had passed away since he left her behind. Le- nore had taken Cissy to the seaside, and Mis. Chaioner and Kate hud accompanied her, Thus Max felt tolerably certain llmt if Cecil were at home he wonld bo alone, and glad to see him. Preoccupied as Max was, he could not but be struck by the painfully solitary air that Cecil wore. He was silting in an arm chair by the fire, doing nothing, and look ing pale and tired. He received his brother languidly, but brightened into interest as ho heard Max's story. "T am. awfully sorry. It's a bard blow for you," ho said, looking away into the fire. , ' " Pretty hard. One must expect hard knocks in the world now and then." " I'll tell you what ; you must come back to me." "Eh? What do you mean?" .."Why, my business is going down. It wants somebody with a good head to look after it. I wish you would come and take Jackson's place." .Tacksnn was head clerk. It did not oc cur to Cecil to offer his brother a partner ship. "Thanks," said Mux, "I shall not take it unless I see for myself that there is a need for shell a change. As long as Jack-' son does well for you, don't turn iiira off to makb room for me " " Jackson does not do well. Look into things with mo to-morrow; and you'll see how, they nro going to.' rack., 'Come, it wonld be jolly for its to work together again." "Would it? I don't- know, that wo al- ' ways found it ao." t'.- Things arc different now. You'll think about it?" "I will. Do you knovz of lodgings suit-" ab'.o for a single man?" - j " What's that?" " Mother and I never work together, and now that I can't pay , my full slmro of housekeeping expenses, wo think it better to part company." " She thinks it better, I suppose? That's a shame. Don't trouble about lodgings yet. Cnmo and stay with me, hero. Do ; I'm horribly lonciv." " No ; I'd rather be independent-. Be sides, it's a long way from town." " Bnt it will be very miserable for you." " I'm never miserable." "You're lucky, then," said Cecil, with a great sigh. " Misery's a mistake," remarked Max, sentcntiousiy, straightening himself as he prepared to go. " I'm a wise man, of course. So I combat the error in my own person." " 1 nm glad you can take it so easily ' f was afraid you would be very much dis appointed and depressed." " Do I look like it?" "No, you don't;" and Cecil contem plated tho careless posture, tho cool eye, and calm moulli of tho brother so unlike himself frith a sort of wonder. " But cvery- ono knows"— -and he hesitated — " that it is a bit of a downfall for you." Ho was not quick enough to notice that' Max winced under lus plain speaking as though it hurt him. "I have broken a no bones," said tho younger inun, pausing at tho door; "my fall can't have been very great." But in spite of his light words," his features again wore the rigid slernuess that covered pain. He wouid not acknowledge even to himself that Cecil had been cold and unsyinpathis- ing, but he felt chilled as -he waikud home wards. . ' It seemed strange to him to find how easily the change in his fortunes eamo about, and how little it affected him. In a day or two lie had taken a couple of rooms for himself at tho bouse of a Mm. Turner, the mother of one of his night-school boys, and a great- admirer of Miss Lingard u'nd Mr. St. Aidan. Ho was pleased to find himself with pcoplo who, as ho soon discovered, were i never tired of praising Magdalen. It was a bond of union between -Ilium. In a few days the works wore shut up and tho men dismissed, the money was paid, and Max was free to do what he pleased ; he had no debts, no encumbrances, and a capital of two hundred and seventy pounds to be gin life with. Hu had swnl.owed a qualm of pride and accepted- his brother's offer of a clerkslup ; and there was, after ail, something rcst-fui in resuming his old posi tion, although it was no longer under a father whom ho respected, but tin emi nently unbusinoss-like brother, whom in old days lie had often scolded for unpunetualily . and laziness. Cecil was as unpunotual and ns Inzy.as ever, and Max soon saw that there would be ample scope for bis energies in tho office. With somewhat misplaced gene rosity, Cecil offered to increase the salary ' usually given to a clerk, in his brother's case — a jiroposa! which greatly unnoyed Max, who said bluntly that " there was no necessity to pay him more than , he wns worth ;. and if he wero to bo a clerk ho would, take nothing but his proper wages." So bi3 salary was Gxcd at two hundred a year— a sum out of which Max meant to save half at lonst. . Ho was on his guard against depression of spirits, which ho thought would be un manly ; end it was easy ' to stifle sad thoughts ns long as the occupations and interests of his change of condition were upon him ; but when, towaribi Christmas time, his affairs were arranged and he him self settled at Mrs Turner's, he eonld not help finding that his spirits were less go vernable than he hail imagined, and that ho had a cheerless, hopeless feeling which ho called himself weak for indulging. His remedy for it was increase of work; and, what with Cecil's business, teaching at Gay Street, amateur chemistry in the de serted works by the river, where be wan dered sometimes at night like a ghost, .and private study in His own' rooms, lie left, himself very little loisuro. Ursula was al ways giail to come und see him; but 'Mrs. Brenilon did not let her come very of(en. \- Magdalen slit) stayed in London. Max was inclined to .think that ' Everything was against him. CHAPTER XXXVT. IVIAQIIALKN's WOIIK. UBY Koslyn had strug- Ckd l'ast the crisis of '"ne8s and con- g I Y.ii|c\\\Y valescenee. She was '. tciyibly wcuk aud '( ki'i"&. v,'1Uit<-'di hut the d«e- Vll \uj tor deolared her to be fcjUa — IZ ijtvi out of danger. She mn-de a tractable pa- . " ' tient in tho earlier stages of her recovery, but as she -grew stronger Magdalen found her difficult to deal witj. She was wilful and passionate still, even in her frequent moods of de spair and sadness, and it was long before she showed any sign of gratitude or affec tion towards Magdalen for her tender nurs ing and care. Mr. Roslvn had gone back to bcsrztiold ns soon as the diinpcr was pronounced to be over ; ami lie had seen Iter for a few minutes only at a time, as all oxcitement was shunned" in the hope of keeping her bruin quitjt. For sonic clavs' tttersho regained the full use of her senses she aid not seem to recognise Magdalen as tho Miss Lingard' she had occasionally seen at a distance; and Magdalen did not hurry her by giving information unasked. At Inst, one evening, sho said: "Do you belong to a Sisterhood? Or arc you a nurse?" " Not by profession. My name is Mag dalen Lingard." Lingard? Miss Lingard of the Priory?" ' - Call me Magdalen if you like." tc . 11111 not in ' Scarsfield ?" ". ' J'0'-1 are London." ,\thy did you come? Who brought you.' lo.l me; 1 will know." Magdalen thought that the least exciting measure would be to tell her the truth— or part of the truth. " Mrs. Jones found Mr. Brendon's ad dress in your pocket, and wrote to him. Thus it became known in Scarsfield that you wero ill." Who asked you to come? Cecil? Did he como ton?" asked Rubv, panting. " No dear, he did not come. He, told his brother, aud his brother told me, and fhen Mr. Brandon and I came down together. I sent for your father afterwards." Ruby's eyes lost something of their s'ral"ed> unsatisfied expression as she said : So it was Max wlin brought you. I wonder at that; He doesn't like me." And then she turned her face to the pil low and said no more. Several days passed before she asked : "Was Cecil not sorry I was ill?" Her I ono was so childish in its half- sullen eagerness that Magda'en-" cou'd not ua startled at the open mention of Cecil lirendon. Sho hail expected Ilubv to show some slmmc— to try and hide her love for a married man— bnt Ruby had little notion of beiiii; ashamed. Magdalen answered in a soft, low voice: ' "l be.icve that he was very sorry." "I knew he would betray me," mur mured the girl. "You know' lie promised — lie vowed— lie would not toll wbero I vvns gone. If Mrs. Jones had not pryed into my affairs, none of you would have known even now." " But you would hardly have been so much better as you arc, if nobody had come to you, dear." ' "Perhaps I should have died. And I wish — T wish I had !" said Ilnbv, with a long, heavy sigh. "Are you so ready to die? Have you thought of what comas after death, Rubv?" " Sometimes. Judgment, heaven, and hell. I don't think I should care to go to heaven, and I don't believe hell would be mueli worse than— than— what I suffor now." Sho burst into tears as sho spoke. Ma"- dalen put her urm round her, and caressed her tenderly. Presently alio looked jip and cried: " How good you are I Don't you think me very wicked? Whv don't you .scold ine "Don't you think I know what it is to feci as you do?" whispered Magdalen, laying her heart bare to the passionate girl. " To love whero love is- forbidden— to be sick of the da.viighl— to wjsli to creep under the ground and die— if this is what you feel, 1 have felt it too. I have suf fered like you." "Then you understand. Why won't they let mo_ die?" and Ruby raised her. head ! piteous'.y. "There's nothing in the wot-'d left for mo. It isn't only that lie has broken my heart, but lie's darkened and poisoned .everything in tho world. It is just as though someono had drawn n black veil over iny life; I can't see anything bright in it any longer. Don't you think ho has as good as murdered me, Magda len? I'm only a body without a sou!— or with a dead soul in it. Why may I not kill it out and out?" " Because you are mistaken. Your soul' is not dcud ; . it is only tortured and ksenlv alivo to pain, Ruby." You would cscap'e nothing by killing your body ; your soul would suffer the more." "It would be change— complete chango of place," said Ruby, lior eyes timing a hunted, pathetic look of pain. "I might forget Cecil, then. Tell me, Mdgdideu, if I died, should I remember hint, and love htm just, the same?" . " I belic.ve you would." "Then there is no hope, no. rest, any where? I shall havo to hour it always?" " Whon I felt as you do," said Magda len, her slow, musical voice in striking contrast to Ruby's thin, gasping utter ances, ' I satv that there was no escape from "myself. Wherever I might be, in this life or the 'next, I believed that my soul— my heart— would be the satno. Then I heard of a Saviour : One who saves us from ourselves, Ruby; Ono who could and would change my very thoughts, my vory love, it ray love were contrary 'to His laws I wns in despair at myself; my prido'- loft mo, my strength was gone; I could just breutho out tho words: 'If there is any strength, any help, "to be had from God, then let mo have it, or. I am lost!' And the hc.p cuine." 10 >1 CONTINBBD. 