EERIE GHOST LEGENDS. f Near tbe Korton B«rracks, Gosport, tho head quarters of the Eoy»l Marine Light Infantry, lies an Uterestiog memento of the old Fn ncb War, a iralled-in space where lie buried countless prisoners who died dnring ci ptivitjr. Most of the graves are nameless monnds, but there are tnree neaastones. Xile inscriptions upon these ire nearlj undecipherable ; cue brurs the name of Bugens — — (the remainder cannot be read). This spot is sacred, no one ever enters it ; but alongside, in a smaller walled space, coariets were buried, and this is utilised as a practice ground for buglers, for here is the moat outof way corner obtainable for practice, aud dia bolical are the noises that the learners make. A hundred Tears is a long time ; it is interest ing, therefore, to note the respect still paid to the graves of brave Frenchmen in a place where spaco is very valuable. All sorts of legends crowd around this lonely spot. It is, of course, haunted ; and in the old days, no sentry there would keep at his post at midnight. Flogging as a preventive ' of the terror was useless, and eventually the sentries had to be doubled. Nowadays the ghost is seldom seen, and even when it appears no two accouets agree as to what its form may be. Its Utestautbenticated appearance was at the time of the last fsoian scare, about fifteen years ago, when a guard was established to look after the magazine bard by, and the sentries had orders to shoot any'ono who did not halt at the chal lenge. It was on a winter evening, deep snow upon the ground, and all bad gone well till after midBight. Then suddenly, there came a sentry's challenge) und almost immediately a report of a rifle, followed shortly by another. The guard turned out, racing hither and thither iu the snow, raising a hue and cry lirst in this direc tion, then in. that. At last thiuga settled down, and when the captain of the guard investigated tho matter, he learned from the sentry that a large black ' Tbing ' hid jumpsd over the graveyard wall and run at him on all fours when he chailftigjd. Ha fired, whereupon tho ' Thing ' roae to its feet, anil running sometimes on all fours, sometimes up right, rushed towards the creek followed by the sentry and tbe guard. Arrived at the oreek it plunged in, breaking tbe ice, and though tho pursuers waited lung nothing was erer seen of it again. Tbe captain, but half believing tho story, yet thinking that some attempt may have been made, went and looked for traces of the footstrps, which * ere visible enough in tbe moonlight, t And now comes the extraordinary part of the story. . For twenty yards there would be a man's footprints, then, for a ipsce, those of a large auimal ; sometimes tbe one, sometimes the other, but nbver the two together! — ?- Thus tho Forton mystery. Tho ico was broken aud the cieek dragged the next day, but nothing was ever found. No satisfactory solu tion has ever been discovered, for tbe footprint* began suddenly in the centre of the old burial ground, and led thohco to the mag.zine, some times man and sometimes beast, until they ended on tbe shere of this creek. There are other ghost stories Jbangiag around this spot, but thsy are mostly gruesome and horrible, rather than interesting. One, how ever , is worthy of mentiou since it has a path etio tendernets abcut it,' not usual in tbo ghost story, though it is ouly remembered nowadays by ?' live badgers ' after the second gallon. Ones, long age, the two sentries were surprised to see a woman coming toward tbem in the twilight. It seemed early for a ghost, and while they still pondered and hesitated she came up to them asd said' -something- iu a foreign tongue. Spanish, thsy took it to be. They tried to explain that Ihey ' did not speak her language, but she only smiled sweetly and. sadly, and walked on. They lost her in the gloamiog, but presently as they argued whether Or n« she neie a ghost, one of them, the bolder of the two, peeped over the wall into tho burial ground, und saw ber standing over one of ' ft A irritVM. Afifi hoaiflM hM« .»An4 1 . TV ? l officer in uniform, so near that tboy could seehis face, and they saw bim kiss the woman as she came to him; and they heard him speaking words of love. Thereupon, the other sentry, who was not a sentimental man, pluokcd up courage, and looking, over the wall, too, shouted out some coarse joke; and with the shouting both the ofQoer and the lady vanished. Thereupon be - Bred, and both of them lan for it, meeting the guard before they had gone many steps,. and tlfe Bergeaot of the guard, com ing back with them, looked over the wall too. No one was visiblo, but on one of the graves were some tall white floweis that bad not been there before: They dared not go nearer then ; but in the daylight they went to look oloser ; tbo flowers had vanished ; and all that tbey over found was a soiled- piece of paper on which was written,' ?' Juiqu* a la morte— et apreo.' ' However, ghosts are never seen nowadays ; and they say that the; buglers and the- vicious rattle of the Uasim have driven them away. 