LOCAL & GENERAL NEWS. Sir. IL A- M'Lean, di&trkt; Stock Inspec tor, says the ' Maryborough Chronicle *' of the 21st iu-tant, iniornis us that hearing that tattle were dvili^r from Texas fever at Tcebar, lie vent here to a-scrttain tbe trnth of tbc statement, and he found out that out of a mob of 040 very fine uuinoculated store bullocks that Sir. Katon had pur chased at Kroorobit Station, and travelled via Tuwenui, Gin Gin, and Walla, to Tee bar, 240 head had succumbed to Texas fever, contracted on the road. A sad burning falalitv has taken place at fcKorUi Roeklianipton. About four o'cloHc on Wednesday afternoon Mary, a^cd about six years, daughter of Sir. D. T. Mudie, was playing about tiie yard. Her mother xvas engaged ia washing, and the little one, taking- advantage of the niother't back being turned, lighted a piece of paper at a fire. The names came in contact with bcr dothes and soon enveloped her. The mother, healing her cries, vent to bcr as sistance, and succeeded in putting tiie fire out: but not before the little one bad been very seriously injured and she herself bad been scorched considerably. Dr. Pai-rv was called in; but from tiie first he gave no hope of liie child's recovery, and death took jriacc about two o'clock on Thursday afternoon. Dr. Charies Eliot Norton, Emeritus Pro -»sor of the History of Art at Harvard niversity, recently sailed from New York for England, mainly for the purpose of dis charging bis duties as one of Huskhrs literary executors. The ** Manchester Guardian's*1 correspondent understands that he does not contemplate taking an active part ia preparing Euskin's biography or editing his letters or other remains. His capacity will rather be that of adviser to Mrs. Severn, or whoever dees the actual work. Dr. Norton, tiunke, it doubtful whether much will be found in Buskin's unpublished letters which he had not prac tically duplicated in print during his life time. He himself lias scores of Ruskine letters. TQiis judgment of bis relates, of course, to esthetic or literary or social doc trine, and is not meant to exclude the per sonal and intimate charm of Ruskiirs cor respondence. According to Dr. Norton it will be found that some of Buskin's longest and most interesting letters were written to comparative strangers. If a question or suggestion found him in the vein, he would pour himself out upon most unlikely cor respondence. Mr. EL -W. Walker, of Messrs. Walter Reid and Co.. Limited, is in receipt of a letter from liis brother, Private H. A. Wal ker, who was one of the Rockbampton members of the tibird contingent which took part in the relief of Mafeking. The letter is dated Marandellas, Rhodesia, 29th April, and reads as follows: — K As you will notice from the heading of this letter we are now in tike centre of Africa, and get ting towards t3ie thick of the fighting. We thence on to the relief of Mafeking, so ws hope soon to oe well Into the thick of it There are 100 of us picked out of tiie whole of the Queensland contingent for the first advance, so we ought to consider our selves 4iigh.lT honoured. We -^have been specially picked to form a guard for the Canadians and their sis. guns. We were also selected over libe heads of all the other Australian contingents, and naturally they aw very jealous. Not wishing lo 'blow our own trumpets. I rliink we can {rive tiie other conlingenta a long start. The trip from Boiva, to here in a beautiful one, the scenery beiiig1 magnificent, but the journey nights to travel She 300 miles from the coast to this place. I might also mention men \\\~lio fonncd tiie escort, lo here to guard £55,000 to pay for tiie troops. I had only a few minutes to write these lines, sn good-bve. Remember me to all friends.'' IMPORTANT NOTICE. Owing to increasing business with the west W.' G. J. EDGAR has been compelled to seek larper premises at Longreacli, anil has secured the two commodious ne*v shops {next to his old iilaeel, which have been fitted up witih due regard to the comfort and convenience of customers, who will no doubt appreciate spirited enterprise. Tbe management has also been greatly im proved in the person of Mr. ROBERT EDGAR, who has taken tbe conduct of this Branch, and who has a thorough know ledge of the business. Those requiring a nood. sound WATCH. CIXXTK. JEWEL LERY. SPECS, FOLDERS, OPTICAL GOODS, or good Pair of Lenses, fitted careful! r to each eve. should certainly call on Mr.'R. Edgar. * The new double 'shop will be found to contain a carefullvse lected stock of Fancy Goods, Best Electro plate, and Sterling Silver. Also Pocket Knives and Table Cutlery. All the best lines in Cigars. Cigarettes, Pipes, and all Tobacconist's Goods. Stationery and Books of all kinds. The new premises are well worth a visit. One of the principal sights of Longreacli is the wonderful display of Novelties in all 'branches direct from Lon don, selected by W. G. J. EDGAlt. who lias just arrived, bringing with him a first class JIanufiicluring and Repairing Plant, capable of turning out Jewellery and Re ipair* nt lowest possible rates, with quality ' and finish up to the best I^ondon firm?. I Don-t fail to visit \V. G. J. EDGAR'S BRANCH SHOP. Eagle- street, Longreach, or 3iis Factory, East-Street, Eockhampton. , A meeting. of creditors in the insolvent] estate of t'bc TamT» Co-operative Society, carrying on business at T;unT-o as general storekeepers, was held on Saturday at tiie supreme Court House. Mr. C. A. Mathias ' was appointed trustee without_6ecurity at ' amount of tiie' assets realised or collected, and Messrs. T. O. BrownhOl and A. Han nay were ejected a committee of inspection. The Post and Telegraph Department has received a limited number of copies of the first volume of the - New Official Vocabu lary' for telegrams in preconcerted lan «m3w and we understand that tliev can be obtained from the department in Bris bane at IGs. Sd. each. The issue of the re maining three volumes, whi-h will bo avail able .at the same price, is being pushed on by the International Telegiaph ^Bureau at lierne. The complete edition will contain 1,300,000 words. A meeting -of the Committee of the Roek hampton - Auxiliary of the British and Foreign Bible Society was held on Wed nesday afternoon at' the School of Arts. The ' Rev. E. Youngman presided, and there were present: — The Rev. Messrs. -J. F. Henderson and 1L Foggon and Messrs. G. Wilkinson and F. Hopkins- Apologies -^ere ' sent by the Rev. T. \ lgis and Messrs. H. Mflls and It- Bostock. It was agreed to hold the annual public meeting on Monday, tbe,23rd of July. It vras agreed that branch or town district committees might retain ten per cent of riie money collected in {heir districts for expenses, in the hope that this might lead to increased efficiency in local Bible Society work both in collecting sub£cript£0ns and distributing the Scrip tures. It was agreed to invite all churches and religious bodies vrho sympathise with object of tiie society* to send representa tives to the annual meeting. The report of -the annual meeting of the society- held at Exeter Hall. London, on lie 2nd of May, is to hand. Sir Joseph Pease, M.l-, one of the Wee-presidents, vras in tie chair and addresses were given by Bishop Ing ham, late of Sierra Deohe; the Rev. F. W. iSacionsId, Presideit --?$ -the Wedeyan Methodist Conference; tiie Dean of Norwich; Mr. R. Louttar, HP.; the Her. J. H. Knowles, Colonial Missionary .Society; Mr. Shrinagar, translator of the Scriptures rabo Karivmir; and Mr. C. R. Eemp, Chairman of Committee. It -was reported that the number -of copies issued in tbe year was a record— nameJv, 843,990 Bibles, '1,265,990 Testaments, £#37,812 por tions — making a total of -upwards of 3,000,000. The concluding: paragraph of. uie report says; — -*\In: dosing this neces sarily imperfect review of -work which gives cause for much thankfulness, we may re mind ourselves that the Bible Society can be considered a real harbinger of the re union of Christendom. Already it com bines in happy fellowship members of many churches, all engaged in the sacred task of translating, or distiibutimr the Book of God. The society seeks simply to furnish evenr' man on earth' wit-h the chai*t£T of Christian faith in iiis own 'tongue. It has no desire to rouse reugious controversy -or to detach proselytes from any communion, for it has proved a thousand times that tiie supreme evangelist, reformer, and recon ciler is the Bible itself.' A very pleasant 'function took place in the -composing room of the ** Morning Bul letin ' and ' Capricomian ' office on Satur day, when the staff met to say good-bye to Mr. C. Chaplin, -who -for nearly three years has been connected with the literary staff of the papers, and who will be remembered sfe the writer of the interest in-i; series of artii^es Uiat have been pub lished from time to time during that perii- j under tiie title of 'The Central West' and under the pen name of 'Berserker.' Mr. W. M'UwTiuth. in a brief speech, said it was knoivn that Mr. Chaplin would shorUy leave Rockhampton for Brisbane to take up a position on the editorial staff of 'The Queenslandcr,' and the object of the meet ing that day was to present him with some little memento of his connection with tb.2 -Bulletin' and - Caprioiniian.-' It was not necessary he should say anything of the work Mr. Chaplin had done during the time he had been in Rockhampton. Th.it had been seen 'by the general ptrblic, and they had no doirut valued it. Speaking for the proprietors, he wished to say that they appreciated Mr. Chaplin's labours, and, with the employees, trusted that in Jjis new sphere of usefulness, he would be equally successful and give equal satisfaction. They all trusted that prospe rity would attend him. Itwa- now his plea s-lit duty to ask Mr. Chaplin to accept, for Mrs. Chaplin, a pair of jellv spoons and for himself a travelling clock! Mr. Chaplin, who was received with applause, said thi« was one of the oc-casions where ' words failed to express one's feelings. His rela tions both with his emplovers and fdlow etnployees had been of a most cordial char acter, and he only hoped that in his new sphere his relations with ihose for whom and with whom he worked would be equally happy. From the smallest tooy in the office to those occupying the highest posi tions in the 'Bulletin ' and 'Capricor- nifln ' office he had S-een on the verv best of terms. He should leave the Central Di vision with *a eeriain amount of regret. During the three years he had resided in it he had made the acquaintance of a very large numln'r of peaple and he did not think he should leave an enemy ucliind him. Ho had taken a very deep 'imerfet in its af fairs, and anything that was in tois power . to help it he should be only too nappy ! to do. The short 'mif he had spent in Rockhampton and the -districts surnHindiil^^ it would remain long one of the bright^ spots tn his memory.' 'indeed, he shouU^S always remember the great Jdndne»9 hehad^ received here, With these few words heSB begged to thank them all for their gifts and 5| Mr. MHwrafth for tiie kindly terms in|3 which he had made the presentation.* -^n The Japanese people do not regard fiiea British victorv as the affair of e. fore^n^ country. They have .heartfelt the trueS sympathy with Great Britain. The congri.- JS tulatory telegram sent bv the Emperor (mjjji the British, victory in South Africa wwfjj despatched in view of the intercourse be-M tween the courts of the two countries, but ^j it may be taken as representing the friendly id feeling of the Japanese nation at large to^-'M wards Great Britain. — 'Jipi Shunporll Tokio. ''M The !£ucla {Western Anstrali*) eorreJI spondent of the ** Sydnev Morning Hexald,0-^! telegraphing on the ISth instant, says :-^S| ' The discoveries of subterranean IsJecVIe about eight miles from Euda, Messrs. 3| Clayer, Juncken, and Kimm^i^ accoin--|« panied by Mr. HiUuian, an expert swimmer -M visited their find again yesterday for BaJ purpose of making a more correct estimate?) of the area and depth of the water. _-&-j[ raft with a line attached was canstrncteo^fS upon which Mr. Hnim«n paddled out onMl the large lake. The following soandinjsig v-ere taken : At the starting point, 13 KM 2 in.; at forty yards. 16fl.v9in.; at firtfjll yards, 31ft. 2 in. Up to this distance Jts| rocky bottom plainly seen, 'but from a fevM yards beyond this in places the bottom x*s*§ scarcely visible, and a line 40ft. in lengUra faUed to touch it After 'paddling about;! 100 yards Mr.' Hulman passed through ^J small entrance to another dumber, iheji centre of n-hieh he reached- At this pomtg the length of the line attached to the raftjl tvould not permit of his^ro.ing farther, Init^ be was enabled with the aid of a torch tD3S see the fdrther W2H of the ^second chamber^ the roof of which slopes'gradnally, stxftin^^ the surface of the water about forty yards a jeyond Mr. HlUman's stopping -' ponnSsj Each of the lakes wniirfawa s^ sveiBee^S width of aboul forty yards. The- first «bH-3 mate given of the CTwaHpf lals remains ibi^g altered. The- counby for miles around up ^fqla and adjoining the Sonth Australian border^! has been taken up, and leaseholders sreS eagerly awaiting an expert's opinion aa toJB the origin and permanency of tne irsi£E.?*^S The first -nnual meeting of tbe BockSjl hampton branch of the -Queensland Tempov-g ance Alliance was held in JUsSJ Protestant Hall on Toesdar evening. Thereffl was a fair attendance. The Rev. M. Vof-S gon occupied the chair. A lengthy repuTl^g was read, in which it was stated the branchS had been successful in ttmigi^gpmg lim^ third resolution of the local option eUnsesjl of the Licensing Act in Leiehnardt 'WariL:|§ Rockhampton, and in the borough of Northa Bockhampton, but it had beena defeated in- a similar effort Jiua Fitzroy Ward, Rockhampton- iS balance-sheet was presented, ehowimr mS credit balance of £i 3s.' lOd. The nforta and balance-sheet were adopted. T3aM Chairman, in tbe course of a lengthy .ml-m dress, urged the establishment of a, f onrUia political party— namely, a party th*twouli|| stand for righteousness and temperance^ That party, he pointed oat, would have is qplossal enemy to fight. ' Its opposmg9 forces were combined, and to combat' it3 the temperance bodies would also naTe.i^^ unite and become one solid phalanx. ~He^ dedared that the money earned througn^ participation in tbe drink traffic was 'nptf* legitimately earned, and said it was a sadj^ i 'itntT t-3 j^e elenrvmen and puraicans mnt-^ ing on the liquor* question. Mr. B. Crabby spoke. He said lie was not surprised-at OK.i stand .Anglican dergymen had taken in the 4 north. Many pillars of the church in -the 'j northern part of the colony were people^ who Mild liquor and even -owned pubuc-^ houses. What was wanted in the church -- in Queensland, he said, was more of tiie-^ Holy Ghost and less whisky. Mr. Kenshaw-.= addressed the meeting, in the course of J which solos were given bv Messrs. F. Wood--' ; cock, \V. Leech, and F. O. Foster. '.5 