SEASONABLE REFLECTIONS. Bv The Omen Hoy. A merreo KrisimiBs and a happy Noo Yoro ! I beleovo it's the vv.ry lutisl fiwliun I pjipir.H 'J tnuko that rinmrk just now, mid n follor mi to as wnll H 'ded as out of tliu fasliun. So fur n.s i kim nmko out, theru isn't a papir in the liolo of the Kolony that hasn't had a long-winded rigmarole 2 tol peeplc it's Krismuss (as if they didn't no that), winding up liy brak ingoutlii.Mtorika!lyiuHinorlcap.H at tlio end, wishing there renders a niorreo Krisinuss ami a nappy rsoo lore. As its tho fashun, I'll xpreRH the wish, but, as a sort of innivashun, i'll plats it in front of the artikel instead of at the tale end. The Krismusses wo got hero ain't enny thing like those we used 2 get at 'Ohio. Not by a long way. All Uiglishnum will say Amen 2 that. Tt may he vory nico and kurnfortable, but it. ain't like wot wo used to got ftt 'Omo, and never will be. In tho first plais you ain't got no venor ible gl»08ts. No Kristniss would he komploot without a ghost, but in this blaokfellor's country even tho ghosts karnt live, and beyond a few convict ghosts wot appear now an then tho supply has run out alreddy. 1 1 isn't like that at 'Omo. They luko after thoir ghosts there. Pay mo my passago over the cluck pond and i'll take you 2 places w hero they kan raieo veniriblo ghosts that have appeared rogularly at Christmas time 4 centuries. That's something liko. Horo tho best ghost one kan find is a feller who sits on tho fens, pointing to a waterholo where somebody's beno planted years ago. At 'Ome we've got ghosts that have haunted plaiaes for centuries, and will go on haunt ing them till tho krack of doom. Thorc are men and women ghosts, who havo OO 6 *1W***J ** ft Ifcil V» I.4UUI1 I lUliViVUV staircases, and who aro guaranteed 2 frighten people 2 doth at first si to. They will all muster at lvrismuss time, and tell you all their trubblos, and Hmoko a pipe with you. You've only got 2 got up a purty on a Krissinuss evo, and amuse yourself with punch till midnight, and the representatives of tho spirit world appeer and tako a hand in tho game. ' It'll be a long timo bet things got 2 that advanced stago here, but Krisinuss will never bo really Krisinuss until it does happen. Of kors, Krismussos now aro not wot they usod 2 bo. A feller may live 2 seo a gudo menny Krismussos, but if he lived 2 bo a hundred ho'll novor enjoy himself as much as when he was a kid and oat half the plum-pudding in tho effort to discuvver as monny sixpences as possibol. Each Krisinuss a follor realises that tho won bo 4 wos best, and although he is enjoying himself, his joy seomod greater ' tho yoro bo 1, and going backwards ho *1F fl U 111! t*%*'ll 41 ?« tWI £\ ..TT llAll II ' I I » #» linn.i lAlrilti that wore made a yoro ago .soomed much funnier than those nmdo this, and then again thore wore pooplo there who havo Beat to red since, and that orlwis puts a solemn komploxion on Krismuss— the kounting of tho vacant chares. Then thoro's Krismuss numbers. Wat's tho gudo of Krissmuas numbors ? Aro they evor reftd, I wondir. Go 2 a buko Rtall and you may find upwards of a hundred differint publikashuns, full of Bliorts tails and poetry and other indiges tible matter. Wot's tho gudo of them 1 People don't want to stop in to reed them — they prefer going out and making themselves very tired,- and getting sun burnt and blistered. It may not be so intellectual, but it's more hoi thy. It's a sad fakt 2 that tho very worst Krismuss numbers are those trying 2 bo thoroughly Australian. They are full of bloodthirsty tails about murders and convicts, and cattle duffing, and the language sum of the heroei'iise would get them a fine of forty shillings q? the rising any day if Hpokrn in (Jeorgo-.stroot. Tho authors have got tho idea that this is a partiku larly wild country, and beleovo that tho rode 2 success lion in making their storios as wild and inhuman as possible. One of tho real advantages of Ivrismiss is the mistletoe. Wot a kouplo of inches of whisky is to a nervous speeker, the mistletoe is to a modest luvor. It is very convenient at times. Thero aro always objections raised to it going up in our house. It's so silly, the girls say. Then they change their minds, and say that Krisinuss wouldn't bo Krismuss without a bit of mistletoe. - They put it up in the plais where they'll have 2 pass most, and then «lgot all about it. They aro such innocints, they are. Oh, 1 could toll you a lot about mistletoe if I wanted 2 ; but it's ft subject upon which i dare say moat of my reedors havo somo more or loss vivid rekollections. 