STABELAND. ? ?.♦?-??? ? pTER a lengthy ab m, — sence, Mr. Chas. ft \ Arnold returns to it /t\ \ Sydney 'with his ' ft i\ \ latest mascotte, //- *— ' 1 'What Happened // A ? to Jones.' This ^JL // ? \ comedy, ?which ran ^ j^JS&Jb;^t ? ,1 \ 340 nights at the m I L S*ST 11 \ Strand Theatre, M\\\ \ London, has proved \\\ \ a Phenomenal suc \\*~ 4 cess elsewhere, and Mr. Arnold expects ' that it will ses his Sydney season 'out. He came from South Africa to Aus tralia, and his com pany 'was the last to leave Pretoria. It is -worthy of men ♦ tion that while in ?South Africa Mr. Arnold organised a Soldiers* Fruit Fund, and tons of fruit were -weekly sent to the front through his instrumentality. The company which presents ''What Happened to Jones' is practically the same as that which played it in South Africa. In cluded in it are some Australian favorites, and others who are new to the colonies. Perhaps the most striking of the latter is Miss Sallie Booth, one of the finest 'old women' actresses on the English stage. She is the wife of that sterling actor — a pity there are not more of his calibre in Australia just now — Mr. J. H. Clyndes, who was in Australia, under engagement to the firm, some years ago. Mr. L. J. l*hr is Mr. Arnold's busi ness manager. The Brisbane press chorus approval of Mr. Ber nard Espinasse and Wilson Barrett' s version of 'The Christian,' produced at the Opera House on Saturday last by the Williamson Dramatic Com pany. Miss Edith Crane and Mr. Tyrone Power are highly praised for their rendition of Glory and John Storm, while of Miss Eloise Juno's Mts. Callender it is sⅆ: 'It was hardly acting. It appeared as though a Scottish lady of uncertain years had been introduced into the midst of tha play; a more genuine and clever study has never beea seen here before.' Miss Juno is, of course, the finest exponent of Scottish character on the Stage, but her abilities ars not confined to that. The Nance O'Neil Melbourne season comes to s a close next week, as the company is due to open in Adelaide on September 1. During the week, revivals of 'Magda' and 'Hedda Gabler' have been given, and to-night the Californian tra gedienne presents 'Ingomar.' This is the play in which Mr. 'W. J. Holloway shone, and should Miss O'lve^ decide to present it on her return visit, she will invite comparison with that truly wonderful artist — from whose loss the Austra lian stage never recovered — Miss Essie Jenyns. The comparison would be valuable from many points of view. The season closes on August 29, on which night Miss O'Neil will be seen as Leah in 'The Jewess' (her finest character), Nancy in 'Oliver Twist' (probably her worst), Meg Merrilies in 'Guy Mannering,' and Parthenia in 'Ingomar.' After a fcur weeks' season in Ade laide, Brisbane will be visited, and the return season here begins on October Z7. The term is for seven weeks, after which New Zealand and Melbourne will be visited again, and then Great Britain, via the Cape, where Mr. Jas. H.- Love is at present spying out the land. The Broughs close their Melbourne season on Monday. Several revivals filled in the week, and the last play to be produced is that screaming farce 'Niobe.' Mr. ?William Anderson reverts to the military drama to-night, 'Serving the Queen,' a new melodrama, being down for its cpsning at the Royal. The Martinettis, Ferry the Frog-, Alma Gray, :.-ene Franklin, and Will* Whitburn are the principal turns at the Tivoli. ^ The lime. Belle Cole Concert Company, which is touring; South Africa, has achieved a great suc cess in Capetown. Of the violin playing of Mas ter Raimund Pechotsch, who is a member of ;he combination, the 'Cape Times' of July 26 says: 'His performance was simply wonderful, and we T.-ill not qualify the adjective by saying for Ms age, for very few violinists of maturer age pos sess a greater command over the difficulties of the vlc.in than this clever young artiste. Naturally, !.hora is a certain want of power, but his technique ar.d his remarkable facility in producing the high c-si. harmonics which are possible, and in the clear est manner, are extraordinary. Needless to say, ir.s performance met with a storm of applause, r.\ response to which he played additional pie c:-:s.' This appreciation of the young artist's play :ng will be welcomed by his Sydney admirers, who are legion. Nat Goodwin is stated to have had a narrow es cape from death by an overdose of morphine. The actcr was suffering from insomnia, for which the drug was prescribed. It is by no means certain that all Mme. Sarah Bernliardt's admirers will hail with delight the prospect of seeiDg the great actress abandon the lemmine roles she has played with such ineffable charm, tor leading male characters. As a tour de force only was her Hamlet accepted in London, and though her Aiglon has been loudly acclaim ed in Paris, it is open to doubt whether, when sue revives Rostand's 'Princesse Lointaine,' she wil! bo found as well suited in the role of Bertrand d'Allamanon, created by Guitry, as she was by the author in the title chacter he wrote for her ?Another project Mme. Sarah Bernhardt has form ed is that of playing Romeo to the Juliet of Mme. Le Bargy, the young wife of the soeietaire of the Theatre Francaise. Such performances will prove sensational, no doubt, but the true artist should have higher aims. Joliann Kubelik, the youthful violinist from Hungary, is the son of a market gardener. H~ was born in 18S0 at Michle, near Prague, hi3 father, as is usual in the 'land of fiddlers,' being an amateur musician. At 12 young Johann entered the Prague Conservatoire, and two years .ago he made his debut, creating quite a sensation at a small concert in Vienna. Last February, iowever, he began his real public career at Ber lin, and through Dr. Richter has begun to con quer London. The death is announced of Mr. Franklin M'Leay, one of the most promising actors on the English stage, at the early age ,of 33. Mr. M'Leay leaves a widow, having been married to -Miss Grace Warner, daughter of Mr. Chas. War ner, in 189S. The deceased actor was a Cana dian by birth, though of Scotch descent He was educated at Toronto University, and was -scholarship man for three years in his honor course in modern languages and English litera -ture. ,-3^e lectured on Shakspere frequently in Boston,y,;pccup:ying a post at the School of =Oratory.,there:* V.It was in Boston that Mr. Wilson Barrett' who was then in America, met Mr. M'Leay,; 'and, seeing him at a matinee, made him .a: proposal to join- the company. Mr. M'Leay — although thenrmafcing £1000 a year — seiztvl the opnorfcijfity^janJi^fcia no reason to regret it. 'Under iMr. Barffett's1^; management, he played no fewer than sixty jparts, amonst which were Iago, .the . Bishop rand the Deemster in 'Ben-My- , CJiree,'-the;Tetraca in 'Claudian,' the Ghost in , 'HamleC' ODentatus ; and Appius Claudius in 'yjrginlus,' .Fathfejnphristmas in 'The Silver King,' the Bat \\*ri' 'Pharaoh,' and Nero in 'The . Sign of Ihe Orpsfe:'? '; IHe subsequently joined Mr. Beerbo£*ai Tfee^iid 'was playing Vedder in 'Kip Van 'Wittle,' -when he fell ill and died from brain fever. 'The American stage at present boasts a blind actor of considerable powers in the person of Mr. Thomas T. Hayden, whose Sidney Northcptt in 'The Galley Slave,' and Chevalier de Vaii dray in 'The Two Orphans,' have been favorably criticised. 'Mr. Hayden was for long a popular actor in Brooklyn before losing iiis eyesight, which happened quite suddenly. He has one advantage, inasmuch as his eyes are still quite bright and clear, although perfectly sightless. In connection with every part he plays, he makes a. very careful study of the stage settings, with the result that his ease and grace' when 'on the scene disarm the ignorant of all suspicion of Ms shortcomings. Some doubt having been hinted regarding the tour which Mme.''Sarah Bernhardt is to make in the United States with M. Coquelin, an. authori tative statement has been published that the actress will leave for New York on October 25. Nothing has yet been decided as to the tenant of -her theatre during Zier absence. Mr. Henry Arthur Jones recently had a Jew words to say on the drama, at a gathering In London. ;He said, among other things, that the , fact that the -modern English drama was in a comparatively- weak and poorly condition showed not only that- the sreat English nation was in capable of producing a drama, but that the right means had not been taken to foster it._ Our English drama was .hopelessly confused in the public mind with all kinds of popular amuse ment, and hopelessly enslaved to the whims of those three gentlemen in the gallery, who were allowed by universal consent to be tae su preme judges of what constituted a good play. Let them separate in their minds and judgments the English drama from popular amusement. Let them separate the art oi the drama from the art of tne theatre. Learn to distinguish the playwright's work from the actor's. Let the actor stand for the English theatre and the dramatist stand for the drama. There was one great honor which they could give the English aramatist which was constantly withheld iroin him. to-day — the honor on an examination of his work as he conceived it and as it left his hands. ' In a recent number, 'M.A.P.' reviews the career of Mr. Julius Knight, one of the greatest favorites who ever visited Australia, ^'he ar ticle says: Mr. Julius Knight is a leading man who, after waiting some time for a good London opportunity, has just gone into management in self-defence. Associated with Miss Elliott Page, and supported by a highly-competent com pany, he has booked Mr. Herman Merivale's ever-popular 'Foi-get-Me-Not' for a six weeks* tour of the suburban theatres. Mr. Knight is a Scotchman from the lowlands, and is the only one of his family who has ever had anything to do with the stage. Born with a taste for his profession that precluded all consideration of any other, he has always been an actor, and has never tried anything else. Like most of his compeers, he has served his time in many com panies, including Sir Henry Irving's. In Aus tralia, whence he returned only last year, Mr. Knight is an immense favorite, both profession-, ally and socially. He had a chance to be seen in all manner of parts — from' Orlando to David Garrick— in that country of golden opportunities, and the result was a brilliant reputation and a host of friends. But give the British actor what you like in any part of the world, he is never satisfied until he has conquered his London. The fashionable way of doing this of late is to play at all the suburban theatres in turn, and then, if encouraged, lie in wait for an opening in the West-end. The Knight and EUiott-fage 'i'orget-Me-Not' is admirably staged, dressed, and played, and worthy to attract even in the heart of London. Mr. Knight is a well-built man, slightly over medium height. His smooth, good- looking face, with its regular features, is the true actor face, capable of all expressions, with eyes that twinkle with that gift of the gods — a lively sense of humor. If tnere is a blar ney stone in the lowlands, Mr. Knight has kissed It, and uses to advantage the gilts he thereby gained. He is very successful socially, and is au tnieux with all the distinguished society ama teurs who take an interest in matters theatrical. Perhaps that is because, both on and on? the stage, there is something in his manner — maybe it is the capacity for quick transition from mer riment to sentiment — that reminds one of that prince of favorites, Mr. Charles 'Wyndham. Mr. Knight's Sir Horace Welby, in 'i-'orget-He- Not,' is a charmingly easy and well-balanced performance. Regarding the temporary disappearance Gf physical deiects on the stage, a curious instance recurs to mind in the person of John J. BurKe, a popular American comedian, who met his death by accident some two years ago. Burke, in his actual self, was afflicted with an obstinate stut ter, which, however, invariably left him when he crossed the threshold of the stage door. Many funny stories are told regarding him (says a writer in the 'Stage'). Several years ago, while in a big western city, Burke made his way to the box- ofliee of the principal theatre to ask for a pass. With great difficulty (and more perspira tion) he contrived to stammer out: 'I — I — I — I wo — wo — would 1 — 1 — like to g— g — et a couple of seats. JM.y n — n — name i — i — is ? .' Here he stopped. Happily the young man in the box chanced to recognise the applicant, and so reliev ed him from his dilemma. Hastily tearing off a couple of coupons he handed them to the exiiaust ed one with the smiling intimation: 'Here, Mr. Burke, get right inside instanter, or the show will be over before you tell me who you are!' Mr. Burke, it may be added, was a. prime favorite in ^Australia, where he made a brief stay. Miss Mabelle Gilman, who is appearing at the Shaftesbury Theatre (London) in the title-role of 'The Casino Girl,' is a Californian, and is only 19 years of age. She owes her introduction to the stage to a paragraph referring to a perform ance given by the students at Mills College, Al meda, California. . The notice appeared in 'Town Talk,' a San Fraarcisco paper, which stated 'that could the young lady be persuaded to take up a public career she would be applauded on both continents.' Mr. Augustin Daly was playing in San Francisco, and had his curiosity aroused by reading, it. He sent Mr. Arthur Rehan (the bro ther of Miss Ada Rehan) to discover the subject of the notice, and Miss Gilman was at once en gaged, making her debut as Rosa in 'Countess Gucki' when 15 years old. Miss Gilman's perfor mance, however, has not impressed the critics. One writer says: 'Any one out of half-a-dozen English songstresses might take her part with out much loss.' 