SHORT STORY. THE VANISHED SQUIRE OF GBAI8W0QD GHA8E By S. E. Cooper, in 'Newoaetle Weekly Chronicle.'- ! 'And that is . Jasper Grays wood, ' the Vanished Squire) ' Jack Grayswood and I* were' dawd- \ ling away a very wet morning in the picture gallery of Grayswood Chase, , when he suddenly stopped before' the portrait a very handsome man and made the above, remark. ' The Vanished Bqnircl' I repeated 'tbat is an odd designation, how did he manage to vearn it?' 'Simply by disappearing for good and all one night, and leaving no clue as to how or why he went,' Jack replied. 'Queer that,' I commented. 'Who was the next heir? Perhaps he could bave accounted. for it?' 'No; 1 should fancy not. He and his brother Ralph, the new in. success- ion — there he is ' (Jack pointed to a dark-featured man with no pretensions to good looks, and with evil lines zound his rather cruel-looking mouth) 'had aiw&ys; been on the most affectionate terms; besides, Ralph was away in the north at the time, . and did not return for fully a week after. The likeliest explanation, in my opinion, is that Jasper left the house to keep a secret appointment with some of tbe Royalists (the Grays troods were .staunch Jacobites, and it Was just after tho battle of Worcester) , and falling in with some of the other party was made away with. However j one thing is certain; after supping as usual with the chaplain, he retired to bis room and was never seen again.' ' If he departed under such myster ious circumstances, I should think his ghost ought to walk,' I suggested jokingly. So it does, or at least there is some thing uncanny about his room, though what it is has never been exactly known; the only two people who ever tried to sleep in it (ifter his disappear ance having been found —so the tale runs — raving madmen in ' the morn ing. But to spend a night in that gloomy hole would be almost enough to turn one's brain without anything supernatural to help, according to my fancy. It is in the old part of tbe bouse — do you care to have a look at it?' I assented ; so we left the gallery and made our way into the west wing, the only part of the original mansion still standing. The room certainly was gloomy, enough. It was a large low apart ment, panelled all round with oak which had become black with age. The ceiling was of the sau-e wood, and at each of its corners was a projecting carved head, a hideous grotesque object, that looked like a goblin peep ing through from tlie floor above. xne onjy ngut was admitted through the narrow window, a mere slit, high up in tbe wall. The hang ings to that and the huge bedstead, which looked as if it had been made to accommodate a whole family, were of a dark, dingy green. Tbe furniture waB also of blackened oak. ' I say, Jack, I'm bothered if I won't try a night here,' I said, when I had taken in all these details. What induced me to come to tbat resolution I could not have explained, for I certainly was not then a believer in the supernatural. Jack laughed. 'Not if I know it; you won't ) I'm not going to be responsible for the overthrow of your mental balance, old chap,' he said. ' If you want to ghost-hunting, you had better vatch for Ralph's. It is stated that it may be seen entering the little door in the north wall and creeping up the turcet stairs to this wing. If you put on your overcoat, you'll be more comfortable than in this dungeon of a plaoe.' But this proposal did not present any attractions to me ; I was possessed with the fancy to spend a night in Jasper's room, and, being an obstinate man, I soon overruled all Jack's objections. When bedtime catne, instead of going to the comfortable bedroom the housekeeper had prepared for me, I ' provided myself with a good supply of j rugs and cushions, and repaired to tbe mysterious apartmeut. I had no idea of looking for a ghost ; my only wish was to sleep in the room ; so I rolled myself in the rugs, and, lying down on the top of the bed, I soon entered the land of dreams. I had slept for some time, when I was suddenly awakened by an intense coldness on my right side. It was as as if a block of icc had been laid be side me. I go t-off the bed, intending to gut another wrap from the obair on which I had placed it ; but even as I did so my eye fell ou the pillow I had just quitted — another sleeper was there, and his face was the face of the Vanished Squire, Jasper Grayswood I Half doubting the evidence of my senses, I stood gazing at the appari tion till a slight sound near the door caused ine to look in that direction. I had just time enough to see Ralph Greyswood enter tho room. He was wearing a riding suit, the mud stains on which and the blood on the rowels of his spurs plainly indicating that he had ridden both fast and far. He stood looking into the room for a moment, and then, advancing to the bedside, he shook the sleeper sharply. The latter's eyes opened almost immediately, and as they did so his brother bent over him, his lips moving as if he were speaking, though no sound audible to my ears escaped them. _ That be was indeed making some important communication was evident from the intense excitement his brother evinced, and the haste with whioh he sprang from the h&d; and began to put on his dressing gown; at the same time he appeared to be questioning Balph with the ut most eagerness. When he had finished his scanty toilette, he took the lighted lamp which his brother had placed on the table, and, crossing the room, he dragged one of the heavy chairs beneath a small picture about- nine inches square. He mounted the chair and quickly removed this picture from the nail on whioh it bung; then be passed his fingers down the middle of the vacant 6 pace, evidently pressing somewhat heavily till that part of the pannelling suddenly . disappeared, leaving a dark aperture less in size ^aa &o; pietattt, Jasper (bruit fail arm through this, apparently feeling for some object lower doffo inside^ for a few minutes .later the Rhole side of the room began to glide awayi etop- : ping only when an opening from floor to ceiiing of about iwoieet wide was. exposed. Both brothers . passed through this, and evidently began to descend 'some steps, for . they, went gradually lower' and lower, till they quite disappeared. All this time. I had been watching them as if they had been but actors on the boards of a theatre, and now I waited to see what would happen next, as one waits for the risingof the curtain on the last Bcene of a new and interesting play. In about ten minutes- Ralph re appeared — alone, and . with a look of malevolent triumph on his satuhiine countenance. He replaced tbe panel ling, restored the picture to its place, and, after a glance round the room, hurried to the door and went out. The mystery of Jasper Grayswood's disappearanne was at last eleared up ! His brother hail murdered him, and, doubtless, his bones were still smoul-' dering in some secret underground chamber. Ralph had returned unknown to everyone, and entered the house by some private means (perhaps by that door in tbe turret stairs of which Jack had spoken), executed his fell purpose, and retired unseen,. to return later in such a manner that no suspicion could' well fall on him. I felt that I must find that bidden, unhallowed grave; but I must confess my courage was not equal to under taking the task alone, and so, though it was only half-past one, I went to arouse Jack. ' You've been dreaming, old man,' he said, with a laugh, when he was at last sufficiently awake to comprehend what I had. to tell him. ' Why, there isn't such a place as you describe 1 My uncle showed me all the secret passages and hiding-places, and there isn't one near that room. Just you trot off and -go to bed — in your own room, and in the morniug I'll initiate you into the mystery.' Dut 1 was positive what I had seen was no dream, and at length Jack got up — ' to go on a wild goose chase,' as he grumblingly said. It was easy enough to take the picture down, but to find tbe hidden spring was another thing, and Jack became more and more positive of its non-existence. Lit's go to bed, and not stop here making such blessed asses of our selves,' he said at length, crossly. But at that very instant rny fingers lighted on the spring; to find the one below was less difficult as there was a projecting knob, and tben, to my friend's intense astonishment, the wall moved a; I had described. lie was now as eager as myself for further exploration, and we began to descond the steps. They were very narrow and steep, winding spirally till they landed us in a long passage, which ended in another tortuous flight. ' Where the dickens are we getting to?' ashed Jack, as we went .down these ; ' the knowledge of this place must have got lost somehow ; for I'm certain my uncle did not know of it.' The last step left us facing an iron clamped door, secured with two immense bolts. With srnie difficulty we withdrew these and dragged the door open, to find ourselves on the threshold of a small chamber, in the centre of which was a coucb, and on the couch an object at which we both gazed with bated breath. It was a man, or, rather, the re mains of one t The dryness of the atmosphere bad shrivelled tbe remains to a mummy instead of allowing them to decay in the usual way, ani it was easy to recognise the features as those of JaBper Grayswood. On a small table was a lamp, long since burned dry, and a set of tablets, on which was written : — ' If ray remains are ever found, let the finder know . that they are those oi a murdered man, and that the murderer is niy brother, Ralph. He roused me from sleep last night, telling me that His Majesty the King was in tbe neighbourhood seeking a safe hiding-place, and then expressing a desire to see that all was in readi ness in this place (we had somewhat prepared it for this purpose long ago), he lured me down here, where, taking advantage of my 'back being turned, he closed the door and left me. Of rescue I know there is no hope, for none could hear my cries, and none know of tbis chamber save he and I, itbeing always the rule of our house that its existence be revealed to but two of its members at the same time. May my death come speedily ! — Jasper j Grayswood.' A few nights later, a coffin was smuggled down that secret stairway, and the remains of the unfortunate man were quietly carried away to the family vault. Tho trains eame into collision at Glas gow on Sunday. Four carriages were telescoped. Twenty-four people were in jured. 