Short Story. . A Horrible Fright. L. T. MEADE, in "The Strand." I don't think I am at all nervous, and therefore, when I say that I am about to describe two hours of absolute agony I hope my readers will believe that the circumstances were at the best excep- tional, and will still give me credit for being at least as brave as most girls of my age. I have always despised so-called nerves. When a child I quite loved to sleep in the dark. At school I was the prime mover of ghost stories, and I remember how that some of my prac- tical jokes verged strangely upon the unkind and even dangerous. I have I been educated quite up to modern ideas. It Is only a year since I left Girtou, and I am now comfortably established at home with my father and mother. I am thee only daughter, and am between 20 and 24 years of age. We live in a large place about an hour's ride by rail from London. I have my own special horse, and a little pony carriage be- sides for my exclusive use. I also have my study or boudoir, and can order what books I please for my own benefit, mot only from Mudie. but from the local booksellers. I am passionately fond of music, and can play two or three in- struments. I think I can say, without any false pride, that my performances on the violin are rather better than those of most amateurs. I am also great at all kinds of outdoor sports and games. I am the champion player of the tennis club to which I belong, and I am at the presemt time success- fully getting up a lady's golf club. In short, I think I may truly say of my self that I represent the average, up-to- cate, well-educated, rather strong- minded, nineteenth-century girl. Now, I must tell about my fright. You can imagine that it must have been something special to put me into such a state of terror that I cannot think of it even now without shuddering. I received an invitation late last au- tumn to go to see my grandfather, who lives In Dublin. My mother did not particularly wish me to go. I really mothers must have premonitions, for there was no apparent reason for my not taking such a simple and easily accomplished journey. I had been abroad a good deal, and had had adven- tures more than one ; therefore, when my mother fretted herself about my going from London to Dublin, via Holy- head. I could not help laughing at her. "If you must go alone, Virginia," she said, "had you not better travel by day?" "Oh, nonsense, nonsense," I said. ' I hate traveling by day, particularly by a route which I already know. Besides, it Is such a waste of time. At night one can sleep and travel together. Oh, say no more about it dear, good mother. I'll take the night mail from Euston this evening, and have break- fast with grandfather in the morning.' My mother made no further remon- strances, but I heard her sighing in the most aggravating style, and I knew she was murmuring to herself about my headstrongness and how I never would listen to reason. Nothing makes me so obstinate as those muttered remonstrances of my relatives. Are they afraid of me, that they don't speak out? I am always amenable to reason, but when people mutter over me, then I become simply mulish. I adore my dear mother, but even for her I cannot be expected to give up my own way when I hear her muttering that it is "Just like Vir- ginia." My things were packed, and I started off in good time to catch the night mail at Euston. "You had better go in one of the ladles' carriages," said my father. I quite gasped In horror when he made this audacious proposal. "Now, do you suppose I am likely to do anything quite 60 old-maidish ?" I replied.. ''No, I have fixed on the exact comer where I shall snooze away from Euston to Holyhead.' I led my father. as I spoke, to a carriage where two old gentlemen had already comfortably es- tablished themselves. They had spread out their rugs, and taken complete pos- session of the corners which were out of the draught. I was oblivious to draughts, and chose my corner opposite the old gentleman who was nearest to the entrance door. My father supplied me with three or four evening papers. I had an uncut novel in my bag, and a little readlng-lamp, which I could fasten to the window fledge. Two or three moments later I had said farewell to my father, and the great express— the Wild Irish Girl--had steamed in. grand style out of the station. I like the feeling of being whirled through space in an express train going at the top of Its speed. I looked at the evening -papers. Their contents did not specially Interest me. I then gazed at my opposite neighbour. He was very stout and very red. He tucked his tra- velling rug tightly about him, and be- fore we had passed Willesden was fast asleep. He made a distressing noise with his loud snores, and I thought him decidedly irritating. For a moment or two I almost regretted that I had not gone In an empty ladies' carriage. The other old gentleman was scarcely a more agreeable travelling companion. Re had a noisy cough, and a bad cold. He blew his nose, and he coughed about every two minutes, and then he looked around him to see if there were any possible draughts. He not only shut his own window but the ventilator above as well, and then he glared at the ventilator which belonged to the snoring old gentleman and me. I made up my mind that that ventilator should only be shut over my fallen body. The express went on Its way without let or 'hindrance. Now and then It swayed from side to side, as If Its own great speed were making it giddy ; then again it steadied itself, and rushed on and on with a rhythmic sort of motion, which was infinitely soothing, and caused me to forget my two uninter- esting companions, and to sink gradu- ally into the land of dreams. I was awakened presently from quite a sound nap by the slowing of the train. It was coming into a great station, which I found was Chester. We must have passed Chester while I was asleep. My two companions were now all alive and brisk. They were fastening up their rugs and folding their papers, and I saw that they Intended to leave the train. "If you are going on to Holyhead," said the snoring one to me, "you have ten minutes to wait here— quite time to get a cup of tea, If you want one." I thanked him, and thought that I would carry hls suggestion Into effect. A cup of tea would be perfect, and would set me up for the remainder of my journey. I accordingly stepped on to the platform and went over the bridge to the great waiting-rooms, which presented at this time a gay scene of eager, hungry, fussy men and women sitting at tables, and standing at counters, each and all of them eating and drinking for bare life. I ordered my tea, drank it. standing at the counter, paid for it, and also for a bun, which I carried away with me in a paper bag, and returned to my carriage. I saw a heap of rugs and a large black bag deposited In the corner away from mine, and wondered with a faint passing curiosity who my new travelling companion was likely to be. The guard came up at the moment to see if I were comfortable. He said that we would not stop again until we reached Holyhead, and asked me if I wanted for anything. I said ' No.' "Perhaps you'd like me to lock the carriage door, miss?" he said. "The train is not too full tonight, and I can manage it." I laughed and pointed to the rugs and bag in the opposite corner. "Somebody has already taken posses- sion," I said. "But if you wish, miss, I'll put those things In another carriage,' said the guard. "No, no," I replied, "I don't mind company on the least." Just then my fellow-traveller put in an appearance. he was a big man, wrapped up in a great ulster and with a muffler round his throat and mouth. The guard looked at htin, I thought, a little suspiciously. This made me angry. I have no patience with those squeamish girls who think every man who sees them must offer them either admiration or insult. I looked very cheerful, made way for the traveller to take his seat, and smiled and thanked the guard. A moment later the train started on its way. (To be concluded) 