Her Husband's Relations. Chapter III.— {Continued.) Florenoe greeted her two gueats with perfect oourteBy. She congratulated the young father, and enquired for Mrs Darley ; then, feeling her duty was done, she turned him over to Douglas, and de voted herself to Doctor Duncan. It still wanted five minutes of the dinner-hour. Eva, in the agonies of a hurried toilet, had not vet appeared. Now Florence Anson was not a flirt. She despised coquettes, most of all married \- ones ; but she was ?* woman of rare talent and great intellect. Since her coming to Bank House she had never been talked ' to by clever men on equal footing. Douglas brought home very few male friends, and those few condescendingly ' talked down' to the supposed level of their hostess. But a spirit of mischief possessed the young wife to-night. She knew the sub ject which James Duncan had made his life study, and in a few sentences she managed to make him understand it was a favorite hobby of her own too. When Eva entered the room Doctor Duncan was utterly engrossed with his hostess. A bow and a careless handshake were all he vouchsafed her ; then dinner hour was announced. Gerald Darley, as the junior guest, took Eva, and Doctor Duncan -followed with the lady of the house. It was a tasteful little dinner— perfectly served. There was no extravngance or display, only pleasant comfort and pleasant hospitality. Conversation flowed freely. It was rather above Eva's head, but she was mentally promising herself a long tete-cL-Ute with Doctor Duncan at the piano, for he was musical and she sang. It came to her as an unexpected shock therefore when, as Florence rose to leave the table, she. said to her husband — ' I will send coffee to you here, Doug las, as I know you are going in for a long conversation which will tax all your .energies.' ^ _ #_ ' ? There was no neip xor it. jkv» uau iu . follow her sister-in-law upstairs, burning with indignation. That the guests apreci ated their hostess' idea was apparent ; they 1 moved their chairs nearer the fire, pro duced their cigars (smoking was allowed in the Anson's dining-room), and looked the pioture of masculine comfort. 11 Tour wife is a treasure,' said Doctor Duncan appreciatingly. 'Nine women out of ten would have thought it a grievance if he preferred a hard professional -argument to 'the drawing room and a little music.' I congratulate you, my boy, on having found a pearl above price.' '* Bat Eva Anson did not think her brother in the leaBt to be congratulated. ' . She flung herself in the easiest chair in the drawing-room and said, peevishly — 'You will never learn the Taws of common politeness, Florence. You as good as told Doctor Duncan and his friend you did not want them in the drawing- room.' The disappointment was so evident young Mrs Anson almost smiled, but she kept her gravity by an effort. ' They were asked for a special purpose ? they want to discuss the working of the new hospital with Douglas.' ?'They would rather have come here ; it would be much livelier for me.' ' If you accept invitations at the eleventh hour without the knowledge of the lady of the house, I don't think you can expect your amusements ? to be considered,' said Florence, gravely. 'Poor Douglas!' said his sister, apparently addressing the wall or ceiling. ' To think that you may not invite your \- own sister to dinner without permission ! Times are changed !' , ' Florence took not the slightest notice of this lament. When Ann brought in coffee, she detained the girl to hand a cup ?to her sister-in-law, and said quietly— 'My head is so much worse now, Ann, 'that I am going to bed. Will you tell your msster, when you hear him leave the dining-room, and ask him to make my '. excuses to the gentlemen ?' ' They'll not be up, ma'am, said the servant. 'When I took in coffee the master told me he'd want the dog-cart at half past ten to drive them to the station, and he hoped you would not sit up if you were tired.' Ann departed. Eva showed no signs of going. It was by this time nearly.ten ' Will you ring for one of the aervants when you are ready to go home ?' asked Florence, presently. ' My head is so bad I must ask you to excuse me.' 'There is no need. I can go through your new sitting-room ; the large door just beyond opens into our part of the house.' 'The sitting-room and the corridor are looked,1' said. Florence, dryly. 'You will find it easier to go by the usual way. Good-night.' Left alone, Eva Anson sat by the fire in a very bad temper. To a woman of thirty two, on the look-out for a husband, every chance of meeting an eligible bachelor is a distinct gain, and Eva had built a great many hopes on to-night. She was quite clever enough to know Doctor Duncan had never noticed her any more than if she had been her eldest sister Gwen, and she blamed poor Florence for this negleot. ' Isn't it enough that she should marry Douglas, and spend his money like water ! Why should she spoil my chance ? I be lieve she was flirting with James Duncan herself. It's perfectly disreputable — a married woman like her !' But when the dog-cart had actually gone, and there was no chanceof another glimpse of the faithless Duncan, Eva condescended to leave the drawing-room; butshe had not the least intention of ringing for a servant to conduct her downstairs and through the surgery into the broad old-fashioned hall, which though Mrs Anson had called it common to the two families, Florence never crossed. The curiosity of old Mrs Anson and her daughters had long been growing. Eva did not in the least believe it was looked up, and she intended to see. Beyond the drawing-room Dootor Anson's dressing room, then Florence's bed-room, and the guest-chamber; -beyond again, ana tae last apartment in that portion of the house, stood Floy's much talked of sitting-room. It possessed two doors, the further one leading to the long corridor which ended with the green baize entrance, which cut of£ old Mrs Anson's abode from that of her son's . Eva crept stealthily along, for she had no wish to be heard by her sister in-law. She did not try the handle of the sitting-room door, for she made a most important discovery. A flood of light came from underneath it ; someone was there. Quick as thought Eva retraced her steps. She tried noiselessly the door of Florence's bedroom, opened it, and went in on tip-toe. It was just as she expected ; there was no raoe of occupation. A. fire burnt brightly — she tossed her head at this extravagance and murmured ' Poor/dear Douglas !' — an easy-chair was drawn up close to it, and on the sofa lay a dainty dressing gown of pale-blue flannel, embroidered in white silk ; but of the fair young mistress of this elegant chamber there was no trace — indeed, she had not been there since quitting the drawing-room. '?What can she do there?' muttered Eva, looking in the direction of the sitting room... ' If it wasn't too dreadful I should think she wrote letters to some lover. I am sure she doesn't care a bit for Douglas. She only married him for his money.' Florence had no idea of Eva's attempted voyage of discovery, and her errand was simple enough. She kept her own private banking accounts in her own professional name. As she could not cash cheques drawn by Leone France in Blankton, she usually sent them to Mrs Reynolds to exchange for bank-notes, which told no tales ; but as she would be in London herself the next day, and her purse was rather light, she thought she might as wen get a tresn supply, xne cneque drawn she lingered tidying up, as she would probably not enter the room again till Monday. She had another reason for lingering. She particularly wanted to be awake when her husband returned, and this 'setting to rights' of her own sanctum helped to pass the time. 'Not in bed, Florence? What about your headache ?' It was hard on midnight when Douglas found his wife, wrapped in her dressing gown, sitting by the fire, her beautiful hair sweeping like a veil over shoulders. ' My headache's better, and I sat up because I wanted to speak to you.' ' I can't stop, darling ; there's someone sent for me now. Mrs Bennett in the London-road. I just came to see if you were awake, and tell you I may be kept all night.' 'All night! Why—' And then she paused, remembering Mrs Bennett was expecting a babv. ' If I'm not in by breakfast-time, Floy, send one of the maids round to Bold and get him to take my early round. He'll find the names in the surgery, and do, for goodness sake, Floy ! go to bed. You'll look like a little white ghost in the morning.' 'You haveu't kissed me, Douglas.' He put his arm round her and kissed her twice. He might not understand her ; he might speak sharply sometimes, because she was so unlike the women of his world; but at heart he loved Floy as dearly as in the old Paris days. ' There ! good-night, child,' he said, tenderly. ' ' You've lost all your beauty sleep. Don't get up to breakfast if you feel tired. Ann '11 look after me.' 'I shall get up,' she answerec brightly. ' Ann won't look after you so well as I can.' ? . And he carried away with him the pic ture of that sweetfaoe, with its crown of sof t-brownhair, little thinking of the world of trouble and misery that both of them must pass through beforehesawher sitting in that low chair by the fireside waiting for him again. Chapter IV. The post was early at Blankton.' Long before 8 o'olook the two families at the Bank House— so called because it was op posite the Bank— got their letters, and the morning after Eva's disappointment about Doctor Duncan th^re was one which speoially concerned her. A cousin of Mrs Anson's who lived in London, and was rather a fashionable person, enclosed two stalls for the matinee at the Savoy Theatre, saying sudden illness in her family pre vented her using them, and she thought Eva would enjoy the performance, if she would excuse such short notice. Now it so happened Mrs Anson had an afternoon tea-party. Blankton _ largely affected these entertainments, which were cheap to give and great chances for gossip. That the widow and her two daughters must stav at , home and entertain their guests goes without saymg. Jiimuy wau out of the question, for a swollen face so disfigured her that Eva told her with sisterly frankness that she would not be seen in London with her. To waste the theatre tickets was not to be thoughtof, yet all their intimate friends were invited to the tea-party ; besides, it was not every matron in Blankton who would care for the fatigua of the journey to London on that short February afternoon. ' You must ask Mrs Douglas,' said the mother, after a long discussion ; 'she knows London well, and she can hardly refuse such a slight act of kindness.' 'Florence is in deep morning,' sug gested Emily, who was always more con siderate than her sister. ' She may not care to go to a theatre.' 'Oh! everyone goes to matinees,' said the mother, sweepingly. ' Besides, she did plenty of sightseeing in Paris.' ' The tickets are numbered,' said Eva, cheerfully, 'so we need not get there till the time the piece begins. The twelve o'clock omnibus will do nicely.' Blankton was three milesfrom a station, but the railway company ran omnibuseB in connection with their trains. Early in the morning and in tbe evening these were frequent, but between whiles they were few and far between. After the one at 10 o'clock there was nothing before 12, so it was no wonder Eva congratulated her self on 'the latter being early enough. They had lingered over breakfast, and even when the cloth was removed -Eva wrote a letter of thanks to her cousin for the tickets before she went to ask her sister-in- law's company, Perhaps after last night she shrank from asking a favor of Florence, for she tried hard to get one of her sisters to go instead of her, but they did not see it. ' They say Florence won't see anyone in f.Vio mornine' ' said Gwen: 'but she ought to make us an exception. However, Eva, if there's any difficulty, you can send up word what you want. She ought to be delighted at your offering her the ticket.' Florence was ten years younger, and ten times prettier than the spinster she was asked to chaperone; but this probably never occurred to Eva. She went down stairs, crossed the hall, and rang the bell at the surgery entrance with all the com posure in the world. ' I want to see Mrs Douglas. Oh ! I know she is always engaged in the morn ing,' as Ann began to speak, ' but it is of importance, and she must break her rule for once.' 'My mistress is not at home, Miss Eva.' . Perhaps Eva's face expressed disbelief, for the servant went on — ' If you had come in ten minutes earlier you would have caught her, Miss Eva. She has only just gone out.' ' When will she be back?' ' She did not say exactly, Miss.' ' Bat you must have some idea whether she'll be a few minutes or half-an-hour ?' 'She can't be home before the after noon, Miss; she's gone to London. She caught the 10 o'clock omnibus.' At that moment Doctor Anson himself came in. He had been detained with his patient all night, had breakfasted, and was now come to see if any fresh demands on his skill had turned up. 'Florence has gone to London,' said Eva in an aggrieved tone. ' She might have told me last night.' ' Gone to London !' repeated Dootor Anson, looking so amazed, his sister in- ' stantly pursued her advantage. ' You don't mean to say it was without your knowledge also? How extra ordinary!' Ann was devoted to hur mistress, and on this occasion could have shaken her master for the way in which he played into his sister's hands. . „ 'My mistress left this note for you, sir, she said respectfully, and then _ she vanished. She never willingly submitted to Eva's cross-examinations.' 'Come in here,' said Eva to her brother, pushing open the dining-room door, as though it had been her house instead of his. « What is the matter ? 'Nothing, said Douglas, grimly. £oa can read the note if you like. I was called out at twelve last night, so that really I . haven't seen Floy since dinner.'' 'My dear Douglas— I sent your message to Doctor Bold. I wish you had been in to breakfast ; I am obliged to go to London, but I shall be home in the afternoon. F.A.' . To most people a very simple note, ana a most innocent proceeding ; but her hus band's relations always saw what Florence din, with jaundiced eyes. Eva caught her brother by- the sleeve and asked, anxiously — ' Has she run away ? How dreadful ! 'What ridiculous nonsense!' said Douglas sharply. ' She's gone to London, but she's coming back this afternoon. . ' But she does not always do what she says.' ' Eva,' the tone was stern enough now, ' what in the world do you mean ?' ' She told me last night, at half-past nine, she was going to bed, but at nearly eleven, when I passed her sitting- room door, she was there, for I qould see the light .burning.' ' Did you go in ?' ' I tried the door, but it was locked. Douglas, what mysterious business could your wife have to transact that she had to tell me a white lie to get to it ?' 'Oh! rubbish,' said Douglas, crossly; ' you don't understand Floy.' ' Well, it's- very hard on me. I wanted to go to the Savoy, and I shall have to give it up.' And the whole history of the tickets was gone through for his benefit. Perhaps Douglas Anson was annoyed with his wife for her sudden freak, perhaps he wanted to prove to Eva how perfectly he trusted her, or the offer may have been made with thesimplest brotherly kindness. ' You shan't lose your pleasure, I'll go with you myself. There's nothing pres sing here, and Bold is always on the spot ready for emergencies. You get yourself ready, and I'll be back with the dog-cart in time for the twelve-fifty train.' 'Douglas, you are the bestof brothers,' said Eva, her good humor perfectly restored. . (To be continued.) 