Riot and Mutiny. Voyage of tbe Dolphin. Mutiny, war, attempted murder, at tacks by savages, oscapos from ship wreck, thrco escaped convicts as stow aways; and numerous accidents mark the trip of the steamer Dolphin from New York to San Francisco as one of the most remarkable made in many years from tho east to' tho ' wost coast of America (says the San Francisco Call of July 11). At one timo half the crow were in irons, and at another many of the fire men and coal passers had to take rofugo in the rigging wliilo the negro cooks and stewards stood below with fire axes ready to cut away the standing rigging and allow tho masts to go by the board and drown the whites. Tho military authorities at Coronel quelled that disturbance, and six of the ring leaders arc now serving timo in the Coronol calaboose, one of the vilest prisons on tho face of tho earth. After getting rid of tho ringleaders there was rery little trouble on the ship. Tho Dolphin was formerly the steamer A1 Foster, and for years sho has . boon considered ono of the fastest excursion bonts in Now York harbour. She was purchased by tho owners of tho Rosalie for tho Seattle-Sknguay trade, and a enptain and a purser wore sent east to bring tho vessel to tho coast. Tho Dolphin is not built for ocean travel, so sho had to bo strength ened throughout before the inspector of hulls and boilers would let her leave port. Then the captain had consider able difficulty in securing a crew for tho long voyage, and'in order to make j up his complement had to ship men ho would never liavo taken in any other circumstances. Some of the men did not show up on sailing day, and their places were taken by San Lucian negroes. Then the trouble began. On May 1 the Dolphin sailed from New York for San Franpisco. Oil Cape Hattoras a violent storm was passed through, which tested the weathorly qualities of the ship tb tho utmost, and satisfied tho crew that she could live in any kind of weather. The forecastle, however, proved to he. almost unin habitable, owiug to the quantity of water that found its way below through the ventilators. So the captain brought all the forward hands on the upper deck and gave them state rooms to live in. This act of humanity afterward almost proved the undoing of all tho white men on board. After a run of nine days St. Lucia, in tho West Indies, was reached, and the vessel was coaled. On May 11 a start for Monte Video was made, and up to that time not a sign of trouble had developed among the crew. Soon after getting underway three stowaways wore found in the steward's department. It was then blowing a gale, and the captain could not. put . back to land them. It would have been bettor for all hands had ho done so. The next day ono . of tho men who had been shipped at St. Lucia recognised the men. One ho said was a notorious bandit. Another was an escaped mur- dordor, and tho . third was a lunatic. I The captain's informant had been a | policeman in tho Barbaboes, and he said there wasn hue and cry all over the "West Indies aftor these men. Tho chief steward, reinforced by these desperadoes, now began to show himself. The third day out ho got into a_ Bquabblo with a fireman, nnd nearly killed him with a heavy chair. Tho steward was a burly nogro, nnd-had' not the engineors driven him back at tho point of their pistols ho would have assuredly killed the fireman. As it was six stitches had to bo taken in tho fire man's scalp, and ho was laid up for the remainder of tho voyago. ' From that time on there was nothing but trouble aboard, and several times tho blacks arose and attempted to overpower tho- whites. A DOZES IN Irons. "When the Dolphin arrived' at Monte Video there wore a dozen Saint humans in irons, while tho chief stowanl had been disrated and was under surveil lance. Tho captain appealed to tho United States consul at Monte Video for assistance. Ho wanted to leave his mutinous men ashore, but tho consul would not have it that way, and said ho must take tho men to tho first American port, which meant, to all intents and purposes, tho ship's destina tion. Soon after leaving Monte Video the Dolphin ran into a pnraporo and every thing movable on deck was washed away. On reaching Punta Aronas, at tho entrance to tho Straits of Magellau, tlioy found that, tho town had nearly been wiped out of existence by tho Patagonians. The natives had made a descent upon tho place, killed 14 of the Chilano soldiers and set fira to the buildings. A delegation came out from tho post, and after telling their woes to tho captain asked for ' somo firearms nnd powder. Tho captain presented them with a 3-inch gun and a quantity of ammunition. In return the.Chilanos sent two boatloads of fruit, vegetables, and fresh meat. The pussugo through tho "traits was attended with many risks, and twice tho ' ship was swept from stem to stern. Tho I williwns catno down from the moun- I tains, and almost carried tho ship to ! destruction on more than one occasion. ; During tho lost hurricane two steers i and thoir pens, which had been pre- 1 scnted to the ship by Chilunos at Punta Arenas, wcro washed overboard, and that ended tho supply of fresh meat. YYhcn the western end of the straits was' reached instead, of standing out to sea the captain turned into Smyth Channel. The Terra del Fuegans now began to make trouble. Fuegans Maki: Trouble. " There was trouble enough aboard, God knows," said the purser, " but these natives kept our hearts in our mouths all the time. The second night wo were in Smyth Chuuuol tho alarm of fire was raised. There was a small blaze aft, which wc soon put out, but after that there was no sleep at nights for anyone. The Terra del. Fuegans .keep a fire in thoir canoes all the year round, and when the father dies or is incapacitated the son takes up the job of keeping tho flame alight. At night they steal up alongside of a ship nnd lighting a torch at a fire they silently throw it . through a porthole. Should the .vessol catch :flre they mako an attack while all hands arc ongagod in fighting the flames, and if the flro has gained any headway the end cora'os sooner or later. The sailors are either slaughtered while escaping in the boats or , are murdered aboard tho vessol, A year ago a Chilian gunboat was spt'onfiro by these miscreants and every one of tho crew was butchered. "The noxt night wo wore ready for tho rod .devils from tho ' Land of Fire.' Tho chief cngineor had , all the metal stanchions, and every piece of iron that tho natives could touch if they attempted to come aboard connected with the dynamo, and tho currant was kept going all night long. Ono native touched a livo wire,, but all wo know about tho matter was tho shriek of ngony that came up out of tho darkness. For four days and nights we were on tho rack. During tho day tho natives would come alongside and want td trade, but wo kept them off. At night they hovered around us like silent spectres, and on maiiy an occasion there was a cry of fire and a rush to put out a lighted brand that had come aboard from the darkness. "An hour before wo left Smyth Channel tho natives came alongside and one of the men bought a small pig for four empty tomato tins and a jack- knife. He got the porker aboard all right, but as he was lead ing it forward to tho slaughter it got away. A pig hunt followed, but aftor knocking every table in tho dining saloon down and mixing up every man on tli o! ship the porker made his escape through a sido port and was picked up by the waiting Terra del Fuegans. The man who made tho purchase swears the animal was trained. He never saw his pig or his tomato cans again. Negroes Ban Ajiucx. " Wo arrived at Coronel on June 14, and then the trouble aboard broke out into an open rupture. It rained all that day, and no coaling could be done. The firemen and coal passers seized the opportunity to get drunk, and the negro cooks and waiters followed suit. When tho two met on the main deck there was a clash and the negroes got the worst of it. They soon turned the tables, however. They seized the fire axes uud dared tho whites to come on. Led by tho chief steward tho | St. Lucians drove the firemen and coal i passers into tbo rigging. Tho negroes then began cutting the ship's decks and stauding rigging, so tho captain sent ashoro in a hurry for assistance. "The United States consul appealed to the authorities and they sent a train 10 miles into tho interior for a detachment of troops. The troops arrived. a few hours later and were sent aboard the Dolphin, where they had a haw! time of it subduing the mutineers. The chief steward and five more of the ringleaders wcro taken ashore and locked up in the calaboose. Among tho ringlenders were the bandit, tho murderer, and the supposed crazy man. They were tried on June 17, and each of them was given three months in the mines, which is equal to three years' penal servitude in the United States. Had tho ring leaders heen sent back aboard by the authorities not an officer would have gone out on her, as the St. Luciuus had evidently made all thoir plans to cap ture tho vessel and murder tho whites. , ''While in port some ofus determine! to take a run ashoro. Such a plaei; I have never .seen in my life. One-half of the people aro.lopors, and tho other half are murderers and cut-throats. They kill for tho sake of killing, and a man with a decent suit on has not a ghost of a show for his life if ho appears on the street after dark. When wo went ashore Consul Downs advised us to go armed and keep a close lookout. Ho said that three days before ho bad been attacked, and had to kill tho would-be assassin in solf-defeuco. Fell Among Cut-throats. " To oxplain what follows I have to go Joack to Now York. Tho second assistant cngineor is tho owner of a fine revolver, which ho had loaned to a friend. It was returned to him on sailing day, loaded, and all ready for use apparently. When wo went ashoro the .engineer put this revolver in his hip pocket, and I did tho samo with mine. On our, way back to the ship I was a little in advance, and hurrying. Suddenly something dropped hesido the engineer, and when ho looked over his shoulder ho saw a dozen leprous-looking natives coming towards him, while in the wooden sidewalk at his feet quivered a long knifo with a short yellow bundle. The engineer at onco drew his gtin and threatened the crowd with it. They fell back a few paces, and ho started on his way to tho boat again. Tho natives then started for him on the run, and the engineer attempted to fire his pistol into the mob. Five times he snappnd tho trigger, and five times the gun refused to go off. With a cry of ' mucho malo,' the natives made for the engineer with thoir knives drawn: " Luckily a few seconds before I had made a remark to the engineer, and getting no answer had turned around to see. what was the matter. Seeing the peril my comrade was in, I at once ran to his assistanco and fired two shots into the crowd. Two men fell, and that stopped their advance. While they were consulting wo turned round and ran, and the natives followed. At tho next corner I fired another shot into them and the engineer snapped his use less gun five times- more. To make a long story short, wo got abourd in safety, and not a man ventured ashore again while tho vessel was in port. Au investigation of tho engineer's pistol showed that his friend had broken tho pin off the hammer, and the gun, was as useless as a piece of scrap iron. "From Coronel to San Francisco tho negroes, being without their leaders, behaved themselves, but there was not a man amoug the whites abourd the Dolphin who would repeat that trip for a fortune." On Saturday night the third assistant engineer had his feet badly scalded uy au overflow from tbe feedbox. 