ABOUT FOHTUNE TELLERS AND SPOOKS (By ?' Old Sport.') One versatile pair of battlers (male and female) now working the out-door oraole proteas to be able to practice phrenology, thought-reading, palmistry, clairvoyancy and astrology to manu facture toothache cure, love-potions and a reliable liver jolting mixture to discover lost property, tip the winners of Turf flutters twelve times out of a dozea tries, name the sex of a coming child, and to do divers other things too numerous to mention. And yet you could take the pair by the heels and shake (hem for half a day without o itching site of anything more valuable than a couple of pawn-tickets and a greasy pack of cards. Here are two advertisements from a Sydney daily. Madame ? Futurity faithfully reveuled and pa) misty. Mrs. — — the celebrated Astrologer and Palmist. Advice through the Pianeta, Travelling, Speculations, etc. All in trouble should consult her. Letters written. Aud yet en!ogints of tbe late Sir Henry Parkes point out with pride that he gave this county a syBtem of universal education. What is tho use of education to fools who believe that a frowsy hag in a back lane can tell ihi'm who they are going to marry by pretending to read a greasy pack of cards' Frauds of this description always ask to see ' tbe lady of the house.' The sight of the master of the house scares them worse than a soap factory scares a domain ' dosser,' and this has suggested a plan of defence which a friend of mine has practiced with great SUCCKES. As soon as a fortune-telling fakir or the like calls at my friend's teBidence and asks : ' Is the lady of the bouse at bom? ? ' the servant acting on wise instructions says : ' No ; but the Master Detective Goulder is upstairs, step inside and I will call him down.' Oh gng-gug-gag-God bless me soul no, is the prompt reply, Dud-dud dud-don'c disturb Mr. Gouldor for the world. It's no importance call again t'morrer ! And tho next moment the terrified duffer iii doing even time down the street in a cloud of dust just as though he hnd accidently run up agiinsl '? Fisher's Ghost' or had been kicked in the rear by a Nagasaki earth quake. Out this par out and paste it on the looking glass or the hat of tbe lady of the house for faturo guidance. Tbe recent raid on fortune-tellers in Melbourne and also in Sydney has set people Hbkiog. What harm do they do ? It is only the guiltless Benedict who can truly answer such a query. He innccentiy comes home and 6ndn himself confronted with the question : ' Ah ha ! who'6 the fair woman you're H-carrying on with P I know all about your little game!' Naturally he is paralysed and pauses ere he replies tmd the worst of the situation is that possibly be has been fooling about with a fair-hiirod Hebe or type-writer all the time. That's where the wickedness of tho fortune-teller really comes in. At the Metropolitan Quarter Ses sions some time ago one Gordon Foster who advertised himself as a scientific p«lm'iBt aud phrenologist, was fined £5 and ordered to drop his scientific swindling for telling a fool-headed woman all about the future that was in store for her — the fair man that loved her dearly and would make, her hapi y and the dark ni»n who would cause trouble and the long journey and the large ramily and all the other weary wheezos peculiar to the scientific fortune telling craft. Much as Mr, FuBter knew about what the tuture had in store fot other peopln, ho didu't seem to know that it had Judge Docker in store for him, but still he Imd a 'lot of luok ' for he can boast of having rectivel about the mildest sentence that paitioular Judge has ever passed. Ilia Honor verj truly remarked that 'oredulous women form the greater pert of auoh Hwindlers' victims' and strange to say the women who are the easiest to fool with the fortune .tellers' fni«y tales are hurdt-at for their husbands to convince thut prcsBinu business kept them in town till half past 14 o'clock in the morning. It was one of those annoying doubting j dames to whom her alleged lord and master said At breakfast one morning : ' Wiiat did you think when you heard the chandl'er fall on the floor last night?' 'Oh' was the crushing reply, ' I naturally thought that you had been detained in town on pressing business again and were getting up stairs as quietly as you oould.' That'e the sort of wife that would pay u ' scientific palmist ' ba'f-a-crown to be told th:it she would be a widow whon her husband died, and the luckiest time to set a hen on game-fowl eggs was when the hen was teady to do the hutching. This is a sud reflection — espt-cially when one thinks of Jail the lies a woman will believe before one marrips her. Have yru ever noticed that yourself? Some few years ago they were ngoin it up North in a spiritual way for I read tlvut (torn Singleton there cume a ghost story calculated to freeze the marrow in a frog,' or make every single hair on the bead of Damohicugo DibbB stand up ou its tail in silent honor, A well known resident was fumbling aloug in the gloaming musing on the WhichneHB.of the Wiiat, or the tariff or hid chance of drawing twins or some other all-absorbing topic when «uddeiily lie saw wiiat hu supjuwBd to be an olil_ acquaintance strolling along before him, (Jliding quietly up, the well known resident gave his friend what was intended for a sound ing Jelap on the back, but to his blood curdling surprise when his fist came down there was no back there to receive the blow, and it occurred to some one that 'he party who vanished into the air when bis back was slapped must have been tbe mysterious young man from Nar- abri who once flopped down on his knees before Sir Henry ParkeB exclaimed, ' God bless you Sir Henry ! ' and then disappeared in the dttrkness. Possibly this eccentric cubs was looking for the G O.M. Another little game of the Singleton spook was ;to do the shifting light trick appearing like a small flame in the centre of a large paddock retreating as brave inquiring forms appioaoh it standing still when they stood and carrying on after the most approved WilUo'thc-wisp style. iu general. It was stated that a boy with a candle in a bottle could do nil Unit the Singleton spirit did and that a more scientific explanation was needed. However it oocurrcd to a very good authority that some Singleton resident had been speculating in a pot of luminous paint. Then a goat had trotted along, and after the hungry and inquisitive style of his tribe had jabbed his head into the pot, and after erjoying a hearty meal he had gone monniag about the bueh innocent of ibe fact that like Billy Bottom in the play he had been ' translutcd ' iu a fashion calculated to scare the sertRon out of all his former friends. However as my authority states, it is a poor business and not worthy to be ment.oned in the same age as the hnir raising mystery worked by the little Eomore girl and a ata-;k of brioks, 