LOCAL AND GENERAL The Wallsend Mine.— Tlie bore on the Wallsend Mine on Thursday struck a fourth seam of coal 17ft thick, at a depth of 513ft. Hospital Returns, — Patients admitted during month of August 21 ; discharged 22 ; in hospital 15 ; no deaths ; out patientB, new cases, 28 ; re-attendances, 78. Tenders. — Tenders are invited for the erection of a Mechanics' Institute at the Collie and also for the erection of shop3. Particulars will be found in our advertising' columns. C| Five Persons'. — We have received an extraordinary effusion from the Capel signed 'Five Persons.' The production is -an anonymous one, and cannot be published unless as an advertisement, and then it must be signed by some responsible person. Mails.— Mails for Australian Colonies, via Fremantle, per B. M.S. Himalaya close at the Bunbury Post Office on Tuesday, Sep tember 11th, at 3 p m., and for United Kingdom on Saturday, September loth, at 3 p.m, Consultation. — The application for tickets in W.A. Tattersall's (J. Charles) consulta tion on the Metropolitan Stakes, run at' Bandwick, N.S.W., on 11th September, are pouring in wholesale from all parts of ' United Australia', India, Japan, China and other parts. The sweep is sure to go close on filling, i.e., 25,000 at 5. Drainage. — The Minister for Lands in forms us that the sum of £30,000 has been placed on the Estimates for drainage pur poses in the South-wost districts. If the money is voted by the House preliminary work will at once be commenced ia the Harvey area. The Stirling Estate. — We are authorita tively informed that the Government is at present negotiating for the purchase of the land known as the Stirling Estate. Over 10,000 acres have been placed under offer to the Government, the price being 12s 6d an acre. Immediately arrangements have been completed, the laud will ba thrown open to selection. A portion of the land will in all probability be surveyed and cleared before being offered to the public. The Annual Valuation. — The municipal council met on Thursday night to consider the annual report of the valuators. There were present— The Mayor (Mr E. M. Clarke) and Crs Eastman, McKernan, Hayward, Carr, Moore, Spencer. Very satisfactory progress was male, the whole of the north and central wards being gone through. On the whole, the report of the valuators was satisfactory, there being but few items in which objections were taken by the council to the valuators' assessment. Football. — Great interest i3 being taken in the match to be played on the Recreation Ground this afternoon between the Bunbury and Perth Central teams. There is every promise of fine weather, and as the ground is in good order, a large attendance of the public is expected to witness the match. A charge of sixpence will bo made to the ground. The visitors arrived here by last night's train,- and were met at the station by several members of the local clubs, by whom they were escorted to the Rose Hotel, where they were welcomed by Mr Keith on beb.' If of the Bunbury team. Lecture.— The Rev G. E, Wheatley, of the Wesleyan Church, Fremantle, is an nounced to lecture in the Masonic Hall, Bunbury, on Monday evening next, the subject being 'Kings of Laughter.' Mr Wheatley is one of the best known per sonalities in Fremantle, and a preacher and lecturer of more than ordinary repute. His lectures in, Fremautle arc usually crowded to the door. Mr Wheatley has ever been the friend of the working man, and when the railway strike was in progress he was the principal arbitrator, and the one who really adjusted the dispute. Those who desire to fe entertained an 1 edified should not lose the opportunity of listening to the rev gentleman. On Tuesday evening he is to lecture at the Collie, and on Wednesday night he will deliver his fetching address on ' Ghosts.' To make a realisation sale a marked success it is absolutely necessary to offer the goods at prices strictly in accord with the true meaning of that much-abused word ' Bargain.' At the great realisation com mencing thia (Saturday) morning of the stock of drapery, men's clothing, millinery, underclothing, boots and shoes, etc. R Clements wishes the residents of Bun bury and district to call and test the asser tion that the prices are the lowest and the value the best ever offered at any eale in the district. My time in Bunbury being strictly limited necessitates cutting down prices to such an extent as will result in a speedy clearance. A large purchase of new goods to go at sale prices. By calling early and . often you will lay out your cash to such an advantage that you will send your friends to follow your example. R. Clements, lite John Clark and Co., Bunbury.— Advt. Police Court.— At the police court yester day morning, Charles Cliburn, a seaman from the barque Chili, was fined 20s, in default seven days' imprisonment, for mak ing use of obscene language in a public place. He was fined a similar amount for resisting tha police. Frederick Barrett was charged with having absconded from the employ of Kathleen McCourt, to whom he was indentured. Barrett, who is a lad of 15 years of age, wa3 indentured by his parents to Miss McCourt at the age of five, the indenture being for fourteen yea s. The lad, under examination by the R.M., said that he had absconded because he was never given any money, and because his employer epoke harshly to him. An arrangement was come to between the B.M. and the prose cutor whereby Miss McCourt undertook to pay the lad 10s per month as pocket-money. An order was therefore made bv the R. M. for the lad to return tc his employment. Congregational Church Concert.— The Congregational Church was filled to its utmost holding capacity on Thursday even ing, when the choir, assisted by friends, presented an excellent programme of sacred, secular and instrumental music. The ar rangements were under the capable super vision of the choir-master (Mr A. C. Cook), aud he is to be complimented on the com plete success of the concert. The audience was appreciative throughout, several of the contributors being compelled to respond to vociferously demanded encores.- The pro gramme wa3 as follows .-—Organ solos, Mr W. J. Reading ; song, Mr Willey ; song, Mr Raeburn ; quartette, ?? Love in Spring,' Mesdames Aylett and Mead, Messrs Ohman and Bartlett ; flute solo. Mr B F G. \Torth, song, 'The Garden of Sleep,' Mr Raeburn ; anthem, 'Seek Ye the Lord,' -hoir. (solo by Mrs Mead) ; quartette, 'Evening Star,' Mrs Baeburn, Miss ? Atkinson, Messrs Cass and Willey ; song, Mr Walkeden (encore) ; flute solo, Mr B, F. G. North (encore) ; double quartette, 'Departed,' members of the choir; song, 'Island of Dreams,' Miss Cohen (en core) ; song, 'Sleep on Dear Love,' Mr Robertson (encore) ; anthem, 'The Radiant Morn,' choir. Eailway Platform. — A. -public meeting of all persons interested in securing a railway platform at South Bunbury is colled for Tiicsday evening next, oppo site the residence ol Mr P Hennessey. There should h& a big attendance. Wesley Church. — The anniversary services are to be held to-morrow, when special sermons will bo preached by the worthy parson, the Eev A. W Bray. On Sunday afternoon, the Eer Bray will deliver an address on the absorbing subject of ' The struggle in China and its importance to Australia.' This address should be well worth listening to. Death of Thomas Blythe,— The lad Thomas Blythe, who has been an inmate of the hospital since February of last year, passed away at that institution on Friday morning at an early hour. The poor little fellow was admitted to the hospital suffering from an injury to his spine sustained in consequence of striking his head on the bottom of the bay while diving off the bathing-house on the jetty, Soon after his admission paralysis of the lower limbs set in, and during the eighteen months that he has been an inmate of the hospital he has been able to move only his head. He suffered acutely, but bore his sufferings manfully. During his illness he had several bad turns, so that when he took a turn for the worse about 11 o'clock on Thursday night fatal consequences were not antici- pated. Dr Joel, however, remained with him until, after midnight. He gradually sank, and died at three o'clock. He was about 14 years of age, and a native of the town, being the eldest son of Mrs. Jas. Blythe, of Wittenoom- street. Sub-inspector of Police.— In the report of the Commissioner of Police for the year ended 30th June, the following recommenda tion occurs : — 'I am asking for the ap pointment of another sub-inspector, so that an officer of that rank may be placed in charge of the South- Western district. The additional office is actually created by the necessity which has arisen for sending a commissioned officer to the Boulder, the population and importance of which have greatly increased, I have recommended an increase of. forty- seven (47) men to the lower grales of the police force, comprising sixteen (16) first-class and sixteen (16) Eocond-class constables for ordinary existing requirements and fifteen (15) men to form a, reserve force. (The Commissioner also asks for an increase of ten stations,) Each one of the proposed new stations and each increase of strength specified, is absolutely necessary to attain a due standard of police efficiency. Careful inquiry and deliberate consideration have been given by me to each reported re quirement before I came to this conclusion.' We anticipate that Sergeant Mitchell will be raised to the rank of sub-inspector. 