"THE LESSER EVIL," PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. ' By IZA DUFPUS HARDY, (Author of "MacGUleroy's Millions," "Under the Sword," "A New Othello," "The Girt He- Did Not Marry," "A Woman's Loyalty," "Love In Idleness," "In the Springtime of- Love," &e.;, &c.; i ' COPYRIGHT. '" CHAPTER XV.— (Continued.) ,"I mean," said Dalltngar, flrmly and coolly, .,hlR cold eyes fixed oh his victim as a tamer's on 'the croubhlng tiger, "that 1 no longer con sider myself bound to secrecy In a. certain matter." That evening.. It. happened that Archibald and Constance. .WCl'o. . sauntering along the shore, for a wonder, "by themselves. The band was not playing oh the pier; tho silent, lonely shore had no attraction for Lady Gourlay; and as there was a travelling company, visit ing Sunhybourne, she bad Induced Sir John to take her to the theatre. Tile younger mem bers of the .party .unanimously agreed that they did not' care to be boxed up In a stuffy little provincial- theatre to see a piece they could see any day In London; Beryl took a fancy for a moonlight rumble along the cliffs, «ind Kenneth, of course, was ready and eager to act as escort. Constance did not qare for a long walk, so she and her husband resorted tt> the beach . Dalllngar had gone up to town by the af ternoon express, and all the circle he left be hind guessed a part at least of the reason why —though none but Archibald knew the whole. The rest only conjectured, correctly enough, that It was tho new development of affairs be tween Kenneth and Beryl that had "sent him off." Fervently Archibald wished that I'.is train might be hurled to destruction, or his hansom spill him under the wheels "of a .brewer's dray! It was another beautiful moonlight nlglit; the sibilant murmur of the waves on the shore was soft as a whisper of love. Only a ripple of light of earning surf ran like a faint gleaming line round the chrve of the shore; across the sea there lay a broad path of shin ing ellver, every little wave tipped with won derful white light. One of the little boatB that were drawn up on the beach was their favourite "Saucy Sue."- "How lovely It would be on the water now!" said Constance. " "Yes; would you like a turn In the little Sue?" rejoined Archibald, who was generally ready as a lover still to humour her fancies. "There's old 'Susan' hanging about up there by the- pier; he'll come and help me push the boat off." "Which the old boatman willingly did. His company was not required In the little craft, but he had no objection to entrusting It to Archibald's care; he had "been out with the party often enough to know that "the gen tleman" whom he did not yet know by name was well able to manage the skiff unaided. Constance took her place in the stern,, and the boat slid off and rose on tho light waves that rippled so softly on the sands, and shot swiftly Straight out from the shore. Archi bald-was accustomed to deep-sea rowing, and the sea to-night was calm nri a lake— a lake, that;Is. to..say, as regarded ftiom the generally accepted point of view of those who have never experienced the dashing breakers, the foam-crested rollers, of those inland seas known as the "great lakes." To- night no breakers dashed on the shore, no white hor ses reared their tossing manes above the Ihoon-woshcd waves. "Is It not lovely and peaceful, Archie?" said Constance, with a little sigh of content. "Might one not fancy that path of light was leading away to the Islands of the Blest?" ' "Shall we follow It?" said Archie, pulling away With his long, powerful, easy stroke right In the full brond path of the moon light, sb that the oars ilting up shining show ers of moonlit drops that felt and Splashed like ft rain of pale jewels. "Yes," she sald> smiling and dabbling her lingers In the glittering spray with simple,-' child-like pleasure; "hut we must not gdtoO lor," , "No.", he assented, smiling top, but with a- different smile from, hers, "we must not go too far.". -Further and further yiq little skiff sped on, like a dark streak along the silver way of light. It Is not easy for a man to he very fluent in conversation when he is spending his breath in pulling at his best speed, even on a calip sea, so her husband's inclination to silence did not seem strange to Constance. Leaning back there in the stern, her face as fair In the moonlight as his was pale, she little dreamt how wildly his thoughts were wandering, flying to nebulous possibilities from which he recoiled as they took shape- and form. They must not go too far? Tlfey could not go .far enough! Swift as might be the dip and sweep of thesoulls in. his nervous grasp, they could not speed swiftly enough" to bear lilm— and Constance — out of reach of the enemy. Other lahds lay there, beyond the horlzon- jlne where that shining silver way melted Into the Bhadows of the Bky. But what of that? "What hope lay there for him? If he lied to foreign lands, beyond that silver Btreak, unless he gave up his career threw over his prospects, built up a new life under a new name, he eould never be sure of escap ing tho past. Wherever Archibald Malnwdr- lng was known Gilbert Dalllngar might track him— run him down! Then, too, how could he take Constance with him Into such exile, under an assumed name, without explaining to her— whrit she must never know! No, there was no prospect opening before him there. And here 7 Here the sword of Damocles hung over his head! He eould not separate Kenneth and Beryl oven If he would; and If lie could, he would not stoop to the baseness of spoiling their two lives to save himself. Ah! but there was Constance. That suspended sword that hung over him by a single hair threatened her too! She, the sinless, would be cruelly sacrificed as ho, the sinner! And Dalllngar had left him with a threat on ills lips. He rested on his oars and lookod hack to the shore. Behind them the lights of the land lay like a chain of topaz flung along the undulant. curve of . the coast, . every topaz ablaze with inner fiery light. Back there, on land, which might be awaiting him— her! "At the door of Life, by the gate of breath, There are worse things waiting for men than Death!" Yos, far— far worse! If they were to drift on and on now — away from earth! Before them, beyond the breakers, out there lay peace — safety! If was only .a thought, a strange wild dream that flitted, as if with a sweep of shadowy Wings, through his mind. Yet sometimes such thoughts break suddenly into action, and the dream takes form 111 the deed. -And that shadow in his mind brooded darker, heavier, took clearer shape. ' . They were far — far out from tho land now; the distant lamps were dim. One faint fleck of white sail in the far distance was all they could see to break, the' blank expanse of the deep sea. . i The oars dipped more slowly, flngglngly, In the \vater: the" boat drifted more slowly along Its moonlit way-out of the light, into the grey shadows. He drew In his sculls and stood up, the boat rocking a little ub he rose; he came over and eat down beside Constance In the stern. "Oh, take care, Archie," she said. "Is it . safer to taavethe oars?" ; ""Safe enough. '-And If it were not, would It i matter -much?" he rejoined recklessly. "If we were, to drift ou— and on—?" "Bonnie might wake up and be wanting me, If we were very late," she' answered softly, and Instinctively nestling a little nearer to him :as Boriietlilng'hT His tone perplexed' her an.t made her nerves quiver. Love oasts out fear; she was not1 frighlenod, but Bome Intuition warned her of danger, "If we were late!" lie repeated, "Yes, they would "Jit ldOking ."for us, and wondering what ihad become of us, wouldn't they? We are far out now! Look back! How far we are from 'shore!" She turned and looked as he bade her, but that' Instinct. (hat had whispered to her 'of danger warned her tp' cling close to him the while, warned her too- In Imperative wise that she must betray no fear for safety's sake.. ' Safety? What wild- drcam'-was this, that 'she Should think of danger by,: Archie's side— ".with those dgiir arms abo'Ut 'hCl'I" It was i-iot iear. she felt, so much q's .a strange inex plicable thrill and quiver— a sense of swaying in ' the dririnnoss ,on, a deadly brink— of she know mot what— only, felt-that some formless horror lurked in- tho' shadows there!' And the jnstlndt'thttt warned her to betray no hervous- nhssior dreadi'.ivas d.-true monition; trqer than her reason eomprehcnded. here where she hadt ino experlenpo'to guide her. s > If -It be true that Bomewhere In every man there lurks something of the primaeval sa vage. still— often sleeping latent and unsus pected — it is equally true that there Is nothing like the betrayal.of dread or terror In Its pos sible vletiih to rouse and lash .It Into active life. If this potentiality of the barbaric ele ment, that lurkB deep; deep down in every na- ture capnble of passion, slept In Archibald Mainwarlng's nature at all, It slept .'so' .deep that never until this hour, save once, when stirred by Gilbert Dnlllngar's exactions, had even he himself suspected Its existence, never dreumt until this hour that such, thoughts could1 stir, like Bleeping serpents, awakening and uncoiling l.r.i his mind, as stirred there now! He would not have hurt a hair of Con- Etanoe's head. For all the world .of gold he U'milfl nnl' hnvia "Shed her blood,. Nor scarred that whiter skin of hers than snow!" . He Hud'the dauntless physical courage twit' not seldom accompanies moi'al cowardtaesuch1 as Ills— and he . would have dashed Into any danger, faced Hood or flame, without "setting his life at a pin's fee!" to rescue her from even risk of harm!' ' But now those strange thoughts stirred in his mind. - They were so far out that there was a little stronger swell on the 'low waves; the current >vas bearing them out. How If the waves o.nd. the clouds rose, and the moon sank be hind the shadowy veil? If the little boat rocking on thb using waves capsized In the dark? He had beard that drowning was not a painful end 1C- one woht down at once into deep waters! Such accidents had happened, A.nd they were far — far out, beyond help. If such happened now It would save them' from worse — from those "worse things waiting for men than death!" Back there on the shore It might well be that only social ruin and destruction aw'alted him, And for hoc? In his mind's eye he saw the vultures of shame and scandal flapping nbove her head, ready to swoop down and feast their greedy maws on her fair name, her spotless repute. Should that ermine-pure whiteness of her life be given- to the scaven gers to rend and tear? And Dalllngar had left him with a threat on Ills lips! What If he flung those oars out of the boat — east them to tho waves? That one moment would put it out of hlB power to return! , "We have lived together happily, my. girl, for these three years and more!" he said. "It would not he so bad to die together, would It?" "If you were to die, Archie," she; answered with only the faintest tremor in her sweet, low voice, "I should pray to go with you.'/.; "A prayer easily granted," lie interposed quickly, folding his arms close around her with an abrupt movement that made the frail skiff rock. But she had not finished her answer. "If It were not for the boy!'.' .was her con cluding word, with a slight catch of the breath. "You would not leave him, then, . to go with me?" "If he lost you," she breathed, tenderly, "he would need me the more!" ., -"Your mother and slBter would look after him," ho rejoined, moodily. "Could you not trust him to them — leave him to theih'? ' "If it were.God's will," she answered, stead fastly. "But I think my heart would be turn- leg back to earth — I should yearn from hea ven for my child!" Archibald was silent, his face turned' from the moonlight. Those simple words of hers were as a' spell to control his madneSs. "This soft, fair creature, so trustful arid ten der, so helpless In lils power, was mother as well as wife! Leaning there against hls breast, nestling in his arms, she was defenceless as a child. And yet It seemed to him In thait moment as If the white wings of angels grapped her round — held her holy and safe from the passion of his despair! He thought of the sleeping child at homo, and "as In a glass darkly," he saw the hlde- rusness of the thought that, devll-lnsplred, had eutered Into Ills soul— the horror of the dream that, now lie assured himself, could never have passed Into the dec-d! "Arc you cold, darling?" he asked, at last; after a long pause. In a voice that was hus kier than Its wont, as he fancied he felt her shiver In his arms, and lie laid his hand on. hers that gleamed pale and bare In the pale moonlight. "Not so cold as you are, Archie! Why, you nrc clammy and cold as ioel". she said, ten derly, nestling closer to him. "It Is getting chilly and latel Don't yon think we had bet ter be turning back now?" "Yes," he said." "We will go back!" 'CHAPTER XVI. Lady Gourtay, like all women of her kind, loved a love-story. The news of the engage ment between Kenneth and Beryl was a sweet and savoury morsel to her palate; ' and she would have fairly revelled In details of "the wooing o't," If her endeavours to Insinuate herself Unto the confldenee'of the young fiancee had met with the success- their perfect sin cerity andi slngle- mindedness deserved. Notwithstanding her excited sympathy in the romance of the betrothal of her younger inlece, she was not so much absorbed therein, as to Ignore- the interests of the dlder, and of the nephew-In-Jaw whom, she sincerely liked (as Where Indeed was the woman who did' not like Archie?) and she was somewhat exercis ed In her mind by his developing an attack of "business," which called him up to town the day following Dalllngar's depurture. ' "I wonder if Archie and Constance have been having any disagreement?" she specu lated, "He looks .'ike a ghost, and Constance doesn't seent quite herself." "Perhaps she caught cold last night; It must have been chilly on the water so late; und Archie has a way of looking glum sometimes for nothing at all. I don't think they ever have a disagreement!" said Beryl, loyally. "Perhaps She doesn't like Archie's leaving her here end going up to tofwri," was Sir John's suggestion, when his wife commented to htm i>n conjugal confldence on her niece's thoughtful and' abstracted look. . "She isn't generally one of that sort," re joined Lady Gourlay. "'Constance, has al ways so much calm good serise." ' "Perhaps Archie's, not well, and She's worry ing about him," was ' Sir John's second sug gestion1. "I think he looks awfully 111," she said de cisively. "He hasn't looked himself slfice Mr. Dalllngar left yesterday." Her husband laughed. "Come, Cam, you lm-ply he lovies t-he fellow so much as to be upset nt parting with him! I shouldn't thlnk-they were such friends as all that!" ' "You may laugh, John," said -hl3 wife, solemnly, "but one has one's instincts, and I feel as If -tWere was something up!" "You don'.t suppose that Archie has rushed off In pursuit ofDallhi-gai' to propose coffee and pistols? Now, If It were Kenneth, ohe might have better ground for such a flight of ima gination," remarked Sir John, who generally acted as a kind of "boh" to the tall of the kite In those imaginative fllghta of his wife's exuberant interest In -hi?r fellow- creatuies. "Perhaps," he added, -more thoughtfully, "they have heard from Hazelhurst that Lncllla" (hl'3 dBter, Mrs. Vern'ham) "Isn't so well. J hot.:? lit isn't that." "Oh, no," his wife re-assured him with an air of conviction. "It's not that. 'Phey would have keen sure to have mentioned it to us If they had heard from tho rectory. But I feel as if there was something the matter, with ArchC?. Poor fellow! he looks like the ghost of himself." - "Developing Influenza, perhaps," Sir John suggested practically. Archie did Indeed look like a ghost: hnw else was- a man likely to look who saw the frail hair by which the sword hung suspended over Ills head fraying— -fraying through!— who was watching for that sword to fall and sheathe itself In the heart of his dearest! Constance, too, though her disturbance of mind was but faint and Slight, "As moonlight unto sunlight and as water unto wine," compared with his, yet felt vaguBly troubled at- heart. Her husband's unusual' manner liad Impressed her with a curious sense of undeflnablc apprehension, though she knew of nothing there could be to fear. His strange words haunted her. That dwelling' on: the- subject of death, those gloomy, ghoUl-lllte ' fancies which seemed to have taken posses sion of his mind, were not like her Arelue! Depressed and Irritable sometimes as lie was, slie always tenderly put down the variations of Ills mood to the account of his health, and she had never known him to be like this, be fore! There must linve. been something to, turn Ills mind Into that morbid train oC thought, yet what could there be? The latest news of the dear mother at. Hnzelhurst was of the most reassuring kind; the latest reports from Conysborough Park wore of a slight Improvement In his grand father's health; and It was not Constance's way to harbour the thought that an account of Ills rapid decline might have been better news to hlB heir! The business which called him to. town, was only n slight matter. So far as she knew, and she fondly thought she knew all, there was-no cause for pnxlety or trouble in either his professional or private .life. The engagement of Kenneth and Beryl, the prospect of a still closer alliance between the two families already so. happily allied, could surely be nothing but a subject of plea sure: Then an idea crept into her mind arid chilled her heart — could it be possible that the foreshudowlng of any strange and subtle Illness could be affecting Archie's mind? That — she shuddered and shrank in horror from the dreadful thought — that even any Insidious brain disease could he subtly creeping un suspected upon him? ' Essentially reserved, beneath her affectlon- athe sympathy and sweetness of manner, Cc-nstance could not confide to her kindly, good-natured, gossiping aunt, her undeflnablc uneasiness ana what would have seemed Its altogether insufficient cause, nor could she east the shadow of her own possibly — nay, probably, as she assured herself— entirely baseless anxiety bn lier sister in the rosy llush and tremor "of her new happiness; yet It Ill'PVPfl llfinn lint' tnlnil tin tnea.ln Atmliln'a nl«.. sence, than in his presence; Indeed her thoughts followed him \vhen he had gone. With even greater anxiety than that with which she had watched him by her side. It wris little wonder that when she went to- rest that night (Archie having left her In the afternoon) her dreams were troubled and dis turbed. At first they were the mere aimless wanderings of the brain unguided by reason through a maze of scattered fragments of me mories old and new— stray floating threads of the thoughts of yesterday caught up and twisted with the broken strands of years ago — yet through all there ran a connecting thread of consciousness of something wrong. Then from tho confused patchwork of stray Ideas In congruously Hitting together vague and shapeless shadows in the mist of dream-land, blurred Impressions of sea and storm unci darkness, one scene came out ciear! They were in a boat on the stormy sea— slie and Beryl and Kenneth, and Archie was steer ing. The boat rocked and tossed on the waves, the sky was dark except .where a beam of pale and livid moonlight broke through n l ift In the clouds! and In that ghostly light she saw that Archie was steering straight for a line of breakers seething round afeef of rock; she saw the black jagged teeth of the rocks, the white waves churning round them, heard the liollow roaring of tho surf. They all saw whither he was taking them, and called out to him to stop, to change his course, but he kept on straight for the rocks. Then as she threw herself, towards him crying to him to let go the tiller-ropes, she looked up in Ills face, and saw that It was livid in the livid light, rigid and stone-like— the face of the dead. It was a dead man that sat there with the ropes In his dead hand, steering them to destruc tion; and now' as she looked she saw— how was It she had not seen It before?— blood clot-, tea on his brow and breast. And as she shriek ed the boat struck on the rocks, and the liv ing and the dead went down In the black wa ters and were engulfed together. (to be continued.) 