SIDELIGHTS 01 THE it The god of War is drank with blood, The earth dobh faint and fail ; The stench of blood makes sick the heavens r ' Ghosts glut the throat of hell 1 -Oh, what have kings to answer for Before that awful throne, . 'When thousand deaths for vengeance cry, And ghosts accusing groan I ? ~ ? — William Blake. \ - - The wounded soldiers who are coming back to England are a most pitiful sight. Some have lost an eye, some an arm, some a leg, and others are terribly disfigured, while many appear to be hopeless cr pples. Poor wrecks of humanity, what remains to them in life? What is to be iome, asks ' Truth,' for instance, of a man a portion of whose brain has been removed, and who is paralysed for life. * :? ' * . '?* '? Ladysmith : The Diary of the Siege,' by H. W. Nevinson, the correspondent of the London ' Daily Chronicle,' is a most fascina ting book. Here is a Verestchaginesque picture of dead Boer 3 which chills one'a heart :— ' Most were grey-bearded men, rough old farmers, with wrinkled and kindly faces, hardened by a grand ?life in sun and weather'. They were dressed in flannel shirts, rough old jackets of brown cloth, rough trousers with braces, weather-stained slouch hats, and every variety of boot. Only a few had socks'; Some wore . the . yellow veldt' ?shoes, some were barefooted. They lay in their blood, their glazed blue eyes looking over the rocks or up at the sky, their ashen hands half -clenched, their teeth yellow between their pale blue lips. ' * ♦ * ? Max O'Rell, who has just returned to London from a lecturing tour in America, thus unbur dens himself on the subject to a representative of the Daily Mail ' :— ' You ask me, does America really sympathise with the Boers? Now, you want me to tell you the truth, and not to say pleasant things merely because they are pleasant ? Then I reply, abso lutely no. Where ever I went in America, out side the 'smart sec1 in New York, I found opinion strongly opposed to you. ? ' A public lecturer has, perhaps, unusual opportunities for discovering what people really think. In my lecture on John Bull — the same lecture, by the way, which I have delivered in this country— I illustrated my points by refer ence to the Boer War. I pointed out that John Bull's little foible is self -sufficiency, and his willingness to take on the. whole world in a fight, if it wished. Then I went on to describe the beautiful trait in his character — his utter lack of suspicion. I showed how he allowed the Afrikander Bond, an organisation wholly op posed to British dominion, to develop undis turbed in his own colony. , ' When I spoke of the natural sympathy all people feel for a little nation fighting a great Power, I was always cheered, but when I went on to say that such sympathy did not alter the fact that a Boer triumph would put South Africa back a hundred years, I was always hissed— always. .;.;.;?;?.?;? . , 'In short, my experience was that outside of a -small set in the Eastern States, and apart from New York and Boston newspapers, the whole trend of opinion is hostile to England. A glance at the caricatures which fill the Ameri can papers' should be enough to convince any one of this, 'And,' added Max O'Rell, '.asfor an Anglo American alliance, let me tell you that it would instantly .kill the American Government who would- propose or sanction it. The ?masses of American people are dead against it.' 