A SHORT STORY. JOAN'S INEXPERIENCE. BY VERA -VON BASCH. ' Ruth, Ruth, it's very important. I want you,' from the further Bido of the door. Iliad resolve! to devote the morning to Btudy, but, mother being on the continent, I felt a cer- tain responsibility for my beautiful, younger sister. Tho ' very important ' decided the. 'What is it?' I asked, as sho entered the room. a ' . 'You'll nover guess. Lord Avomnouth has proposed.' 'But you haven't accepted him ? ' Tasked,, fearful that inexperienced Joan should trust her life to the man with the worst reputation in the country. ' Why net 1 ' ' You don't know anything about hiin.' ' Don't I ? He's the most charming tnan I over met, and I certainly said " yes." ' ' What will mother say? ' I osked, as Joan, not at all discomfitod at my cool reception of Iter news, left my room, humming the re frain of a song. , : ' Perplexed with tho situation that had suddenly arisen, I went down stairs to find our old friend end neighbor Jack Villiersi of whose preseneo the exigencies of the diplomatic sorvico, to which ho belonged, would soon deprive us. I told him of my trouble, and ended by asking his a.lviae. Ton minutes later ho said : "This is my idea. ,Toau is very impression able. I havo an old friend in town who has a -raro knack of fascinating girls ; I'll get him down for a week'b shooting. If he devotes his time to Joan it may destroy her inclination for Avonmouth.' The plan Beemed feasible, I prayed that Joan's b (Tactions would bo devoted from their objection able object, Two days later I received a note from Jack, saying that his friend had accepted the invita tion and was coming to-day. > When I descended about luncheon time, Jack and his friend were the only occupants of the drawing-room. 'Let. me introduce you to -my old friend, Gland Blackwood,' said Jack. I gave my hand mechanically. . - My thoughts wore concerned -with Joan's future. . Later, I noticed that he had -fine eyes end' there was plenty of him, but all the same I was disappointed. Perhaps I cxp-otod too uiuoh. Very soon Lord Avonmouth and Joan strolled in from the garden, and, iifler the usual common places, we went to luncheon. Be-foro half-un.- honr had passed, I diocovorod that Captain Blackwood had fascinated mo, and to such an extent that I almost forgot my fears with regard to Join. She, tco, seemed interested. / Her whito uiuslin dress, decorated with a red rose at hor waist, showed oil to advantage her rich joung beauty. After lunch; while "Joan and I waited the men in tho rose-garden, I was strangely silent. I liad only thought for Jack's friend. When the men-had been with us some/few- minutes, . Jack manaiuvrod so that Captain Blackwood and Joan strolled off to inspect some ruins ot the further cud of tho park. ; ; . ' Well contrived, ' whispered Jack as they dis appeared from our sight. ' Well contrived ! ' I echoed absently. " . \ , The next morning wo assembled for a ride previously arranged. Jack again managed that ' Captain Blackwood accompanied Joan. Though the knowledge that he left my side reluctantly givo me intense secret pleasure, I found myself surrendering to a desire for isola tion ; and soon I was alono with tho softly whispering trees. Their sadness had never scorned so attuned to my mood before. Horses' hoofs, a beatiug of 'my heart, and Jack's friend drew rein beside me. The'whisper- ing of the trees was so beautiful, I wondered I had not noticed it beforo. Ho did not speak. I summoned courage to glance at his faoo — only for a moment. He was regarding mo with from sun-puckered eyes, ' ,'I had uo idea you were so beautiful,' he presently said. Tho world seernod aglow with rapture, 'I know.suoh words sound insulting.' ' Why ?' 1 murmured. ' . ' I don't know myself. I hardly daris to kDOW. I thought your sister Joan beautiful till I met yon.' . 'I think we had better find the others, I want to speak to Jack.' ' Hove I offended you ? ' Ho never knew the effort it cost me to onrb his ardour when he reminded ine of my self- imposed duty to Joan.' Tun minutes later Jack was beside mo. 'Blackwood said you wanted mo.' '1 went him to give all his time to Joan. Havo you forgotten our compact? ' \- Ho was so contused that I said to him : ' What's the matter ?' Then as ho did not answer. ' Surely yoij can toll me,' I said. ' I love Joan, have always loved hor, and you know it's hopeless, hopoless, hopeless.' I'did not bontradict him. A week passed, and Captain Blaokwood, happily, was still among us. Our scheme, as far as Joan was concerned, had answered admir ably. . Sho had been so distant to Lord Avon- month that thnt worthy had botaken himself to. Paris. But I had saved Joan compromising my life's happiness. I will confess my soorot. I loved Captain Blackwood, and I foarod with a great feiir tlio day on which he would take his imminent departure. Whilst ho was near I could almost bo happy. But I know the blaokuoss that would supervene when he had gone. ; At last the moment of tho dreaded day nrrivod when wo were. to say good-bye. . Ilo stood before me. I could not look athimi 1 Ruth ! ' ' Good-byo ! ' T almost whispered. ' Not good-bye. ; Never good-bye.' Why ? ' I timidly whispered. ' I love you, I love you.' Thou,. after a pause, ' Havo you no word for me ?' , Duty to Joan alono restrained mo from throw ing my arms about his nook. 1 Have you no word for mo ? ' I oou'd not Bpeak, I only shook my head.. When I next had a consciousness of. things, he wns gone. ' ' Where's Ruth ? .' cried a voice. It was Joan's. I dried my eyes and sum moned the ghost of a smile. ' Here sho is,' cried Jack's voice. Tlioy entered together. 1 Why didn't you come with us to the station ? Captain Blackwood, was in such a bad temper, we left him before the train started,' said Joan. ' A good job too,' from Jack. 'Jack!' from Joan. 'It iB. Joan and I are engaged. .1 should never have asked if we hadn't found oursolvos alone on the way ' ' What ?' I gasped. . For answer Joan took Jack's hand in hers. ' What about Lord Avonmouth ? ' I asked whop a few momonts later Joan and I were together. ' . « . ' I hato him. I always loved Jack and I know he lovod me, but ho. wouldn't speak; I pre tended to care for Lord.Avbhmoulh as Jack was going away and — what is tho matter, Ruth ?,'. I had no timo and less inclinnti-m la explain. I ssistsd a hat and hurried towards the 'station. Half way there I paused for breath. The, warning whistle of a train seemed to stub ray heart. '. Come back, come back, my love,' I cried. " For answer a cloud of white smoke tint told mo of the departure of tho man I loved. All the same I pressed on. Arrived at the station I almost fell into the arms of the station-master, a worthy who prided himself on tho flowers that decorated bis station." ' What's happened, miss ? ' I I want a- gentleman, but he's gone.' 'Thoro's a lunatic there, if that's liimrmiss.' My attention was drawn to a knot of officials who wore watching a tall, well-built man who was viciously striking the heads from'tho flowers wit a walking-cano. , 'A lunatic!' I ga«ped. ' Well, miss, ho drovo for n certain train, but didn't go by it. Ever since he's been spoiling my flowers, and he looked so savage none of us liked to interfere." At that moment tho .lunatic caught my oyes. Ho approached. It was the man I loved. '' ' Yon 1 ' ' Yee, dear.' Our oyo3'said all that was unspoken. 