HEAR BOTH SIDES. Now tell us all about the war, And what they killed each other for. — Southey. Heaven help the poultry-farmers when our boys return ! * * * Our local braves are burning to distinguish themselves in China. The Chinese duck farms are in danger. * * * The Naval Brigade and the Naval Volunteer Artillery are now disputing as to who is most anxious to go. * * * The Transvaal trouble is not yet over. A big band of Britishers got boxed the other day and had to surrender. * * * War is one of the greatest dangers which can beset a democracy. Imperialism appeals to the vanity of weak minds. It is a menace to pro- gress. Patriotism has been defined as love of one's own country and Imperialism as love of other people's country. The lust for power, which Imperialism means, becomes an absorbing passion. It is a disease which feeds on itself, its appetite growing as it feeds, and which ends by destroying itself and the body on which it feeds. It may be likened to the miser's greed for gold or the drunkard's craving for drink, and these are insatiable. A victory in South Africa, far from satisfying the Empire hunger, will only whet the appetite for more of the same food. —Keir Hardie. Writes W. F. Wilkinson : — At Smaldeel we found an English storekeeper named Holland. He had been pretty well cleared out by the Boers on the previous night. They took 25 cases of whisky from his shop, all his tea and coffee, and most things edible or smokeable. His one wish in life just then was to see the English arrive. In the first flush of gratitude at our arrival he invited a few of us to lunch with him, intending to give us fowl and duck, and a few "little delicacies." Immediately our troops entered the town his poultry disappeared. He came in to apologise, and almost before he had got through his storekeeper rushed in wild-eyed and breath- less to say that all the sheep had been driven off the premises. "Good God !" ejaculated Holland, "is this the way the British treat their own subjects?" While he stood and marvelled, he suddenly caught sight of a pair of legs disappear- ing through his bedroom window. He rushed off and lugged the intruder back. While thus en- gaged somebody else was busy commandeering his favorite pair of cart horses. By night he had seen quite enough of the British army. * * * Driver W. H. Wiseman, of A Battery, wrote on May 20th to say that although it was five months since they left home not a shot had they fired, being 300 miles from the fighting line and without warm clothing or boots. He goes on to say that: — "We have a few would-be heroes here in the battery, and we deal with them by barrack-room court- martial. Our last one was on a driver, who wrote to a friend stating that he was in action, had been wounded, and had his horse shot, &c.; As luck would have it we found the letter and arrested him. He was tried and found guilty of 'writing a letter to one Mr. ------ , with intent to mislead him, and perhaps the public, that the battery had been under fire, &c.; , which might get the battery ridiculed.' The jury found him guilty, and sentenced him to a thorough good tossing in a blanket and to be soused in the horse pond ; also to wear the V.C. for being the champion liar of ' A ' Battery. The sentence of the court was duly carried out. Since then we have received a paper with a letter written to a young lady in Balmain, and the court-martial is about to charge a battery man with the following offences : — 1st. For being through Ladysmith without the rest of the battery, and without leave. 2nd. For being in action at Modder River without his battery. 3rd. For stating that shells were bursting around and over the battery, without anyone being hurt. 4th. With making ' A ' Battery appear ridiculous in New South Wales. I will forward you a snapshot of him undergoing the sentence, to show how we treat the heroes of the battery." * * * Trooper Glissan, of Quirindi, writes from Beira to say that the niggers there get about 1s. 6d. and 2lbs. of rice a week ; also that the country is beautiful but that he would sooner sit on an ant-bed at Quirindi for two hours than sit out in the open air there for three hours at night ; further, that there was trouble aboard the Maple- more on arrival. Three men got ashore in the night, after being told not to go by the Major, anil got "tight," and the gendarmes tried to take one of them, but they gave them a "doing" and got away in a boat. When they came on board they were put in the guard-room and an officer ordered one of them to be put in the cells, but he drew a revolver and threatened to blow the first man's brains out that put his hands on him. So the guards were called out, with fixed bayonets, and the man then handed over his revolver and was put in irons for four days. If he does not behave himself better, he is going to be sent back to Australia. Major Dangar gave us a lecture on discipline, and said that if Major- General Carrington, whom we are expecting daily, had been in port and held a court- martial the man would certainly have been shot. More- over, there is plenty of work here for white men. Two stowaways from West Australia are getting £25 per month driving niggers, but they have to pay £2 a week for board. The lowest wages a white man gets here are £20 a month. The gendarmes here are about 18 or 19 years old, and carry a dagger at their side. They kick the poor blacks as we would a dog. The local Chinese put down the Mongol revo- lution to the monstrous demands of Russia and Germany. * * * The other day at Sydney, Quong Tart gave a banquet to some invalided troopers. When a Queensland trooper got on his legs to respond, he showed his appreciation of the compliment by delicately saying that since his return he was quite recovered and liked Boer-slaying so well that he hoped to be sent to China to knock Hades out of the blanky Chows ! * * * Says a correspondent at the front : — "There is a bird out here, a little brown bird, like a brambling, with a note that exactly mimics the Mauser, and an uncomfortable habit of fluting it in ugly places. The Lee-Metford's note is nearly a third lower and the Martini has the dull buzz of a laden bee. Between the three there can be no mistaking, but the Boers have four or five other rifles harder to recognize. The note varies, no doubt, with the rifling and initial velocity ; it varies, too, with the length of flight. The Mauser's most melodious period is eighteen thousand yards ; point blank it is nothing but a hasty nasal sneer, but one may be a poor judge of melody at close quarters. A flat-nosed or ' dum-dummed ' Mauser probably makes a sound which one attributes to some unknown rifle, but the queerest note of all comes from a Mauser spinning the wrong way after a ricochet. It is like the coughing of a sick ghost — indescribably curdling. The worst and best of bullet music is that one always hears it behind. It is past before the ear can fake a note of it. But that, of course, is only a consolation when the bullets are few. On the other hand, one listens to the panting of a shell or of a bomb a quite appreci- able while before the splitting bang announces its arrival somewhere. The panting grows clearer and seems to grow quicker as the thing comes straight onward, till one can almost feel it in the air. That, if one is sitting still and has ever known the thing to open at one's feet, is the psychological moment for which, on a battlefield, one has the least use." * * * How they're iver goin' to get men to fight afther this I cudden't tell ye. 'Twa.s bad enough in th' ol' days, whin all that happened to a soger was bein' pinithrated be a large r-round gob iv solder or stuck-up on th' end iv a baynit be a careless inimy. But now-a-days they have th' bullet that whin it enthers ye, tur-rns ar-round like the screw of a propeller, and another wan that ye might say goes in be a key-hole an' comes out through a window, an' another that has a fuse in it, and it dosen't come out at all, but stays in ye, and mebbe twinty years after, whin ye've f'rgot all about it, an ar-re setting at home with ye'er fam'ly, bang ! away it goes, and ye with it, carry in' away half iv th' roof. Then they have guns as long as fr'm here to the rollin' mills that fires shells as big as a thrunk. The shells are loaded like a doctor's bag, an' have all kinds iv things in them that won't do a bit iv good to man or beast. If a sojer has a weak back there's something in the shell that removes a weak back ; if his head throubles him he can lose it ; if th' odher iv vilets is distasteful to him the shell smothers him in vilet powdher. They have guns that anny boy or girl who knows the type writer can wurruk, and they have other guns on th' music-box plan, that ye wind up an' go away and lave, an' they annoy anny wan that comes along. They have guns that bounces up out iv a hole in the groun', fires a millyon shells a minyit and dhrops back for another load. They have guns that fire dinnymite, and guns that fire the hateful sickly green lyddite, that makes the inimy look like fiat money, and guns that fire canned beef for the inimy an' distemper powdher for the inimy's horses. An' they have some guns that shoot straight. — Mr. Dooley. * * * Sir William Thompson, late president of the Irish College of Surgeons and chief surgeon to the Irish Hospital, writes to the British Medical Journal from Naauwpoort : — ' Since I have been in South Africa I have come to understand how a hospital may be shelled by an enemy in utter ignorance of what it really is. Under certain circumstances the Geneva Red Cross is useless as a protection. One morning when there was hardly a motion in the air, I said to a dis tinguished officer, ' If this camp were attaoked by the enemy now, how could they identify , your hospital?' 'Oh,' he said, 'we have our Red Cross flags up.' I asked ' Where ?' He an swered, ' There, and there, and there !' ' Oh, yes,' I said, ' they are up, but who could see them at a thousand yards off ?' And I pointed out that the flags were lying motionless along the flagstaffs in folds. Such days are not un common in South Africa, and I therefore under stand how an enemy could send shell after shell into a hospital camp under the belief that he was attacking a combatant portion of the army. The Red Cross is too small and it is not recognizable at a comparatively short distance. At present the enemy oply see a group of tents which are precisely like those used by the fighting men, and if the wind is not sufficient to extend the flag, there is nothing to tell him that he is firing on a crowd of siok and wounded men. The Red Gross is also placed on easy-chairs and buckets and box« of dressings, but it is not exhibited as it ought to be in all places where it is most required. I have tested my opinion as to the uselessness of the ffag as a sign in calm weather. I am able to declare that, although I knew the exact place to look for the flagposts, the flags themselves were absolutely indistinguishable at 200 yards. I could see the thickening at the top of the poles formed by the limped folds of the flags, but nothing more. Nowadays rifle fire is effective at 2000 yards, and when we come to big guns, we are dealing with ranges oounting miles. Even a careful search with a telescope would not, in the absence of wind, enable any one to identify an hospital.' Rhodes now admits that he had enough pro visions hidden away in the de Beers' mines to ration 3000 men for 4 months. The provisions are still there, although the Kimberley people almost died of starvation. * * * One to destroy is murder, by the law, And gibbets keep the lifted hand in awe ; To murder thousands takes a specious name — . War's glorious art — and gives immortal fame. — Touhg. * * * Writes a private in the Norfolks : — I am full up with this lot. Active service is all veiy well, but starvation and torture is another thing. It is now breakfast time and I have none and have had nothing since dinner yesterday, and I shall get nothing until dinner to-day. We have had a bad lot of officers in this regiment. They are all self. I wish I had known a little before 1 came out here. I -should have preferred two years' hard to this. I have often dropped on my knees when marching through not having sufficient food. I have often wished myself shot so I could get out of this torture. * * * There is something vastly comical in con nection with this present war to notice the ignorant hobbedehoys and grown-up boobies howling for the franchise for foreigners in the Transvaal, when they cannot obtain it for them selves at home. Out of a population of over 40,000,000 in these islands the number of en franchised is about 6,500,000, that is to say, there are some 4,000,000 of capable citizens who are British Outlanders. These poor slaves are too ignorant to understand the humiliation of their position. The world laughs at them, but they are unconscious of the ridicule. Their mental hide is as thick;' as the physical skin of the elephant. They glory in their empty headedness. They drink beer and provide merriment for the judicious. — Beynolds\ * * * Thus a Longreach (Q.) contingenter : — ' Colonel Ricardo is a waster and every man in the two companies hates him. He is not fit to command working bullocks. He has made a public show of us on three occasions, and if we live to return I challenge Colonel Ricardo to meet me on a platform and deny that his conduct has been other than that of a bully and old woman. Thank God, Captain Pelham's nerves gave way at the prospect of having to fight our way into Kimberley. He has a position now in Capetown, and it is to be hoped he will be kept there or anywhere away from the Q.M.I. All our officers, . with the exception of Ricardo, Pelham, Chauvel, and Sellheim (those four would ruin any contingent), are loved and respected by all the men.' * * * In an interview with a correspondent of the New York World; President Kruger said: 'I warned the British Government in time that its loss in life and treasure, if it precipitated a war with this Republic, would stagger humanity. The British laughed at me and said they would only take a month to conquer us. Did those 650 dead at Spion Kop and those hundreds who were killed in other battles please the English ? Are they laughing now ? When you came through London did you see much laughing?' The correspondent told him of the scenes in front of the London war bulletin boards — the weeping relatives and the sorrowing friends. Mr. Kruger went on : ' Yes, that is only one side of the picture. Here we have the same scenes, only our casualties are not so great. Every home in South Africa has been desolated and the war has only begun. Wait until the war is ended, and those who will suffer on account of it will be numbered by the hundreds of thousands. Did Chamberlain and Milner and the capitalists who were back of them think of those things before they drove us to the wall? Are the tears of widows and orphans to pay for the goldfields?' * * TWO PICTURES. Private Inglis (Vic.) writes thus to the Age, Melbourne : — "My leg was broken and I lay in great pain for some time. By and bye, a Boer, whose left hand had been ampu- tated, approached me and asked if I wanted anything. I asked for water. In response the man drew from his pouch a cake, which, with water, he offered me. I took both eagerly, and he then inquired whether I would like some peaches. So I had a feed of peaches. The sun was beating down fiercely upon me and the Boer assayed to move me to the shade of a clump of bush. I had to request him to leave me where I was for fear my injured leg might be irreparably damaged. He immedi- ately desisted, and walk- ing some yards away to where a heavy boulder lay he managed to roll it up by my head, and then for a solid three quarters of an hour he sat on it to keep the rays of the sun from me. Towards dusk the British ambulance came along, and I stood a big chance of being missed by them, so I showed my Boer friend how to coo-ee. His effort was anything but a perfect imitation, but it had the desired effect and I was lifted into the waggon." Trooper Daly (Q.) writes thus to a Too- woomba friend : — "A comrade and I were getting some water at a lagoon when we saw a person beckoning to us. We rode over to this individual, who happened to be a Boer wounded severely. In gasps he pleaded for water, and explained how he had crawled for about two hours to get to the waterhole, and with pains from his wounds and weakness he could not get any further. After giving him a drink from our water-bottles he then told us how he was struck with a fragment of shell, smashing his foot and tearing a por- tion of the fleshy part of his leg. His wounds were bandaged, but his trousers were saturated with blood, and the flies were almost carrying him away. He implored us to take him to some farmhouse, which was impossible for us, but we told him that if we could get him help on the way we would send it. But, alas ! we could get none. I felt sorry for poor old Dutchy. I often wonder what be- came of him. Probably if some of those vultures which hover over the veldt could speak they might tell a doleful tale of his last hours of life." 