[ALL EIGHTS RESERVED.] Three Little Maids. BY ETHEL. TURNER (Mrs. H. R. Curlewis). (Author of "Seven Little Australiana," "The Little Larrikin," etc.) Part II.-Scribbling Days. CHATTER. XIX.-(Continued.) "And now," she wrote, when the evening waxed late, and she knew a certain number of those lesson-books must at all events be looked at, "now at length Gwendolen was left alone-alone with death. Yes, she could deceive herself no longer; before the man could lay down Ermen trude, for whom she had given her life, and swim back to her through the voracious, clamoring sea"-(it need hardly be said that Gwendolen had gone to save Ermentrude, who had ven tured on to a dangerous part of the coast, and was cut off by the tide).-"the waves would be dashing high above the narrow ledge where she stood, and she would be 'where the wicked cease from troubling, and the weary are at rest.' So young, so fair for death she'seemed. She was clad lu a simple white muslin dress her deep violet eyes with their long, sweeping black lashes looked like frightened stars, her heavy golden waves of hair blew out with the wind" (any one's hair but Gwendolen's would have been wet, see ing she had been in the water), "and seemed to make a halo for her face. No cry of anguish rose to her sweet white lips as the last . wave , roll ed up for. its victim, . ', . a holy solemn light shone in her eyes; already the scales of this dim earthly vision seemed falling from them, al ready she seemed to see beyond the veil-the veil white death alone can lift. "The advancing wave rolled up wand-'broke . . . sweeping over the rock, shooting its spray high into the air and: retreating, leaving the ledge vacant. Gwendolen was gone . ..: . gone to a fairer heritage than earth, . .. '. gone Home. "Break, break, break, On thy cold gray stones, O fcsea And I would that my tongue could utter The: thoughts that arlee in me. And the stately ships go on To their haven under the hill ; But O for the touch of a vanished hand, And the sound of.a voice that is still!" Neither Phyl nor Dolly would have dreamed of ending a story of any kind without some favorite verse; there were even times when the end of the story shaped itself so that a particular verse might be worked in. Downstairs, just. after the dinner-things had been cleared away, Phyl had looked at Freddie, and Freddie looked at Phyl. "I wonder," was Phyl's thought, shame in her heart at having neglected his studies so badly during the day¿ "I wonder if I could coax him to do some parsing now to make up/' And Freddie had quaked beneath her blue con sidering eye. "I'm in for it now," he thought to himself. "What are you going to'do to-night; Freddie?." she said, and actually stroked his round little head. ' ' * Freddie kept his head very still under her hand, but stole an amazed glance at her through K his eyelashes-the affectionate diminutive of his name and a caress. "Oh," he said, in. his kindest and most hearty little, way, "I thought I'd just do a bit of gog raphy for you, Phyl dear, I don't know my capes very well, do I?" And he actually sat down without much:ado and committed them to. memory, to Phyl's deepest as \ tonishment. Just before nine she went up- . stairs to Dolly, her old tin hat-box in her hand. "There's that essay of mine on 'Moral Recti tude,' " she said,. "that will fill a column." ."Oh, yes,":Dolly said, "I'd forgotten that, and I liked it very much." ' She took the closely written sheets from her sis ter and glanced through them, deep admiration on her face. Phyl had of late, after a somewhat severe course of reading Ruskin, Emerson), and Marcus Aurelius, abjured story-writing for a time,*i and fallen to composing instead essays on high and abstruse subjects. They were written in a very lofty strain, contained as many quotations as she could possibly put in, and were full of moral reflections. "But you said you'd write a poem, too," said the ever rapacious little editor. Phyl had been on the staff of the paper until a year ago, when she left school, and she was still always pressed into, the service to help to fill up yawning columns, for the body of school girls very, very,seldom fur . Dished any work, and the editor and staff were often hard pushed for material. Phyl produced her poem, not without. anxiety on her face for her sister's .opinion^ they cri ticised, each other very frankly, these .two, and hard truths often flew, though on frequent oc casions they yielded each other the warmest ad miration. ' Dolly read the many verses, her eyes kindling at the end. . ww "Oh, Phyl, it's beautiful!?' she said; "it's the .very-best"thing you've done- oh, Phyl!" And Phyl herself had had a secret ^idea : that lt . w*« a masterpiece. The poem was a soldier who clasped a-fair mai . den in his arms in anguished farewell, "then "light to his saddle prest Awn- o'er the grassy plain, far away thro' the'stilly ? ? air., . ??..;?:?????.'..???? - v:. Awiv from all that was lovely-away from all that was fair. The maiden, of course, languished through seve- . ral verses. " Indeed,, all the schoolgirls would have been quite hurt had she stayed healthily . alive to welcome her lover back from his wars. "Good-hye to sadness and sorrow! Good-bye to part ing ard pain. Oh, welcome to doath," she cries, "which binds us together again." And the soldier at last comes spurring back from the battle only to find ."Tis over.' the hope and .the love, the dream of ¿his earthly life, .? ' Sorrow has taken his goblet i'p, and filled lt with porrow and strife. , And now a broken and saddened man bends over a grassy grave, 'TiB .but the ghost .of.the lover, the soldier, so strong and -h rn ve. VOh. what are fame and glory?" cries he In his an guish pore. .'Oh, love, thou art au I oar« for, wilt thou never come back to memore?" .. Arid the river, the silent river, flowing onward into the sea, And the willows bending- and waving- thro* the air so sweet and free, Seem whisp'ring low the story of the soldier loving and brave, . . Of the malden true and tender-of the grassy, silent grave, Of the end of fame and glory, of riches which too soon rust, . Of the end of all things earthly-only the crumbling dust." How beautiful the poem seemed to them at the ? time! Perhaps nothing either of them ever wrote in after years afforded them such exquisite satis faction. Dolly glowed all over with pride In her sister and pride in herself that'she should have so. beautiful a poem for her beloved paper. And at Dolly's praises the modest postres exulted more and more; she even had a rapt vision before she slept that night, a sweet little volume, In willow green, entitled "Sea Fancies," or "Rose Petals ", bearing on its* front page the words '.'By. Phyllida Rankin Conway," and on the next '^Dedicated to my sister, Dorothy Rankin Conway.'" From the window as she stood up to reach her school-books Dorothy saw "the doctor's silent fly ing figure come down- the moonlit road, and ¡.bree minutes later there came the dull sound of the bicycle's wheels along the verandah. Both girls Instantly laid , down paper and pens ' and went downstairs. 