THE EXPERIENCES OF A MEDIUM. A w.rmalMac mvAtma who ts wwllkaawu la spitiutJimtr mratm » Madreea U'f^ww cmmMi wham ' Light ** haa pehluh.g tmm* .eeueat e* On way la »!*h »h* hupaa to know that the iasislhle world to as issl aa bit which t. visible. Ia h«r caw U nrama ietoad aa if the invisible world wa* et Rrrt the waa ml ef the two. Pros he* latency Madam. D bgnaw dwell sroong the »|m-k*, *«'m« theai moving t* ?te ist smtrtii toto ate as human a* fcsf ?*# far ss 1 kaosr, tbe 8m teal tboofbt I ever took ia nnsoUvn wilh them expatieacm was when tieoMstlj arom fer tearing sad mf-- ?rating them from tbe experiment te the motkt. d»r world ; whea I came crteariLr to the oa ricrtUbdiof tbat Ihe world la wbioh I «pent most of tbe daj w*i oot tbe same world that the people round about me inhabited. The dii covert did oot tiouble me, I fauej I was ntber proud of being the role proprietor of a world to which my ottrae snAatheteof thewartedsy woild had oo entree ; where the people were kinder and qorinter. Itwsi a wonderful lead, tod 1 never tired of relating its mat vela and beauties, till one day I was told that I wai old enough to leave off romsaetsg and waiving ab surd itoriee. ?4It took me some time to understand that my stories were not believed, but when I did my in digestion was boundless. 1 learned, however, at last, tbst tbere are some things it is as well not to talk abcut to everyone ; sol gradually left off translating the voioes of the wind sr the eeags of tbe birds, which nobody believed, or only oslled romancing— a word whiefa I grew to hate. 44 To compeosste for this I took much more comfort in my human (P.) companions, wbo in habited what I call my * ahadow ' land, though they were anything but shadows to me. They 1 were always hied. If 1 passed them on tbe etaits, or ia tbe old-fasbioawd rooms, they greeted me with friendly smiles. They seemed to like to have me watching tbem as they moved ?bout, asd this I often did. Sometimes strangers came, but for the most part I grew to recognise tbem all, and loved tbem dearly. 44 One old lady who frequently occupied a seat near the chimney corner attracted me ; she looked so sweet sad gentle in the quaint white head-dress and lsee fichu she wore, si she est with swiftly moviog fingers uuder which a stockiag was always being formed. The virion fsscioated me as I observed, time after time, how the deft fingers manipulated the yarn end the glittering needles, till the idea came to uie that I might leara hew to knit from watching ber. 44 X teased my nurse to supply me with the aeceBsary materials, ano iuea tried nara to imitate the movements of my shadow friend. 41 They said our house was haunted, and gruesome stories were told of tbe ghosts who perambulated ia many empty rooms. 1 was horribly airsid of ghosts. I didn't know what they were, but *U the same, 1 w*s afraid of tbem ; afraid ts move ftom one room to an other without my shadow friends for company ; afraid to be left alone in bed unless X saw tbe friendly face or smile of onsof tbem, and felt certain they would protect me from the dreaded ghosts. With them 1 knew ao tear ; dark rooms bsd no terrors for me. I would spend hours in tbe haunted rooms, coo teot to know that my shadow friends were an all sufficient protection against the ghosts ; but without them I was tbe veriest coward. This seeming iDCodiistenoy gained for me the repu tation of being * queer.* ' 4*MadBmeD'E«peraPoe had ber esrs'bexed for desciibiag the old lady from ahsdowland who knitted so quickly iu the cbiuroey corner. Bui she got over that. What tilled ber child soul with hoiror was the assurance given her by the doctor 44 that other people see those things, but they are mad. From thst moment she shuddered with dread whenever she saw them; believing each apparition waa a proof that ht-i reason was going. At last, to her gi eat de light, she found that they appeared but seldom and almost entirely vanished. 44 When at school, Madame D'Eiperance had a very curious experience. She had to write sn essay on Nature. 44 My attempts at wriliog only resulted in wanted paper, headaches, or miserable tears at my ncB- success, I begau to despair of ever pro duciag a readable sentence. Every moruiug I rose with the determination to write something before night, snd each night I went to bed re solved to keep awake to think out something before morniog ; but tboughta would not come — nritl er in the dayligLt uor in tbe night. 44 At last, when it bad reached to within three days of the a'lotted time and 1 had still done nothing, 1 was driven to my knees and prayed long and earnestly thst God wsuldsend me thoughts. When I went to bed that night a Hiifb niiu uie vniiuiio, pupcr, tmu pCDCllB, in* teudiug, when the other girls were asleep, to light my candles and begin to wrile ; but, alas for me, they would aot lit me bave a light, and, in despair, I cried myself te sleep. 4* Next morning, when miserably gathering up the scattered sheets of paptr from tbe floor whero they had fallen, I discovered that they were covered by olteely-writien lines, which turned oot to be a charming, well-thought-out essay. This, after due consideration, I wis al-. lowed to send in as my work, the handwriting betog unmistakably my own, though -the ideas were dearly from a wiser and older held. 41 My story of how X had prayed far I hough te to be eiven to me, together with my own som nambulic propensities, was scoepted es the pro bable Explanations! the otherwise mysterious occurrence. 44 Some years later, when I had exchanged the busy, occupied life of eldest daughter ia a Urge family for that of a young wife wbo for several boars a day was left to her own oom psny, 1 was horrified to find tbe shadow people reappear, end I began to be tormented by tbe old fear of a diseased brain. I never spoke af these strange visions, I was too much afraid of people thinfcii g me mad ; but the weiry secret wes a torture to me.' Then Madame D'Esperanoe began ,to ^ear about spiiitu8lism. Sho scoffed at first, but was soon oanvinced, and a great peacs and reet came to her. She got automatic writing andtbes she began to sketch tbe portrait of thephsdow people, 44 These were, geaerslly done in the deck, as 1 found that the darkness a cted as a back ground, throwing into strong relief every xtnall detail of the figure I tried lo sketch. : At first X was aa much surprised ss aui body to find I had actually succeeded in nuking a tolerably accu rate thawing under such conditions. I did aot understand how I did it; all 1 knew was thst to me it was not dark. Moat of the portraits so drawn were identified and -claimed by the friete* of the portiayed peisou, so that out of some hundredsdiawn I onlyretuio a hilMozen or so which were not recognised,' Alter experiments for five or six years, they began to exprrimcnt for materialisstioa. At the fourth silting 14 These silting outside the cabinet dt dared that they saw a hand, then a face, appear be tween the openings of the ourtaius. i (silting is tbe darkness) saw nothing, and was dis tinctly iooreduloue. I went outside the onrtsios to have a look, but feuhd to my dismay that my limbs would hsrdly besr me* 1 did see a facv, but saok into my chair immediately , feel ing sti angel j weak and powerless ; and a sort of fai-awsy-from-everybody sensation fright ened roe veiy much. While in the eabfaot I heard the remarks te the people outside dii udmi?. tt«mt »i«to * ««?***«# w lM -»»} II «» mrir HtB.k, to !!*«»*« ?* tfe* -M* I kto 'to, N. 4® to» '*'? tot to 4*iht»4 to to* tototri tottofto test hen 'Itertte*** humte to* wro* thai ate tm Ml ateiq* *f trivte, fitt F . te laiMfi-titeMwr«twteite*t seated at** white we luUadte to te*## *t the «»*' petal te am Mta*t« ?gate A garmaat wt» tikns roam ste bung sp wttfcto tha e»tasrt, r#*dy lo# metis to spirit ram*. H* did coma, sad ?tiaiste tbe gsrsstat niHailji bat was eri drotly oat so ptissrd **'*- R ?? ** ***** rclltd it CP end tbt. * »t out into lb# room ; ?Harvard* stepping out himself fully elolbte lit a robe te purer, finer, and auregiaerlttl faeMeu tbi a tbst which wa bad provided. This «?* the beginning te a— to ma— ae* phase ol tn1 dium ship, and, curiously « trough, toe mote it was collirstad tha mora difficult it beosma la obtain nay other kind te phenomena, showing that the one pbise was cultivated et tbe expense of ti a other.' In a book written by M. Aksakeff, ' A case of partial demstenslUstion of a medium body, a drteilrrt account appears of ? malerialiriag seance given by M sdacne D'Ksperanoe at Hel atDgfors in Dec., 1693, at tbe urgent request of spiritualists of high social si snding. Ins subsequent letter te M. Alreakofl, Madame D'Bspersace wrote t— 44 The peculiar thing about this seaooe con sists io the disappearance of half my body, vrhiob I only found eut by rccidc nt. My bead, or ratber tbe nape of my neck, was giving me a good dral of pais, sad I crossed my hands be hind ray bead to sapport it, which seemed to relieve me. My scobs got tired iu tbst pssition, snd wishing to rest tbem on my kueee, I found that my legs were gone, and thst my bands, instead of resting on my knees, were on tbe ohsir. That frightened me a little, sad I wished to know whether it was true, or if 1 was dream ing. There was light enough, so I called tbe attention te tbe person siltiog ofxtmetotbe strange thing ; he examined the cbair, and so did four of the others, and they all declared it was true, asd that only the upper part of my body was really there. The chair had only mv drees on it ; my #rms, should ere, *sd chest weie In tbe proper place above the ohsir. 1 could speak, move my arms and head, drink water, and even feel my legs sad feet, although tbey were aot tbere. Daring ill ibis time tbe forms came snd went, but they only showed themselves ; h»nda of different shapes sad sizes touched those who were nesreet tbe cabinet. 1 think it must have continued an hoar from tne time 1 first dis covered my strange oonditioa, which was long enough to verify it, snd quite long enough for me, wbo did not know if ever 1 would get bsck my legs and be able to go home, a doubt that made me nervous.' M. Ajreikoff aud the other sitters corroborate tbe emS:e trntbfalaeas of the foregoiRg state ment. lOdNfbe former thinks that partial dema tetialifBliouvinsy be a far more frequeut phe nomenon tbaa is at all sospected. This ex perience went to confirm bis theory about the source from which tbe 44 spirits ' draw tbe sub stance for their materialisations. Tbst theory is that there are tbiee degrees of materialisa tion. In the first degree, we hive 44 invisible msteriilisation ' — invisible to tbe multitude, but neito tbe clairvoyant. Intbe aecasd decree we bave tbe visible snd tangible msterihlis&tieu; of hands, faces, aud other parts of the body. In the third degree we have full forms. In all oses tbe matter must come from somewht-re, and M. Aksakoff believes it comes from tbe medium. A peculiarity of Madame D'Esperasce's me diumsbip is said to be tbat by a bargain with tbe spirits, she never goes into a trance, and al ways site outside the cabinet, and, although she become* passive to the point of indifference, ebe always kaows *11 thst goes on. 