CHILDREN'S COLUMN. (Bf " AUNT MART.'') , . [Any contributions sent for this part of the paper shonld be written on ono side of the paper only and should be addressed: "Aunt Mary, WESTERN MAIL Office, St. George's-terrace, Perth."] The following story was sent for the Christmas competition, hut, os no ago was sent, it was disqualified: A CHRISTMAS CONSPIRACY. (Continued.) The night before Christmas Eve at last arrived. The nurse had bade ker charges good-night, and as Mr. and Mrs. Dean were at a ball, she descended to tho kitchen for a gossip. Eight o'clock struck, and Frank and Bertie, who slept in the same room, stole softly into the passage, and, creeping a little way, knocked at the door pf Charlie and Willie, who responded in a breathless whisper, '* We are ready." "Come along," said Frank; "the coast is clear." "Now for Mary and Caroline," said. Bertie. And in a minute they saw. twp little heads peeping anxiously through the door which they held ajar. Frank beckoned to. them, and they stole * sof fcly up. They descended the stairs, and entered the lawn by. a ¿ide door. They felt like criminals as they crossed the lawn, but. soon regained their spirits as' they reached the place where their ghostly costumes were secreted. Then' what a scene of fear and excitement, and what a trembling of hands and fluttering of hearts as Frank, Charlie and Caroline donned the ghostly robes ! Bertie, Willie and Mary had to content themselves with looking oh. lt was. decided that Bertie and-Wiilte were to tap thrice at the. lodge window and then hide themselves so- as not be seen. They proceeded noiselessly to the cottage, and, as they - reached it, ascended their stilts and approached near the window. There were but two pair of stilts, and these were given to Frank and Charlie, who mounted them. They did indeed look ghastly monsters, when they had mounted them, with the long draperies reaching to the ground. They were enough to terror- ise any superstitious person. *' Now is your time, Bertie," said Frank. " We are ready/' Bertie crept to the window and tapped j thrice gently, and,hearing" Who isthat ?" called out in a woman's voice, be retreated ? io where Mary and: Willie tremblingly \ watched the. effect of the masquerade. *. They saw the old couple come to the : door, and fall back stricken dumb ' with , terror, as the ghosts -wore making terri- j fying grimaces in a frightful manner. j Widgets rallied a little abd courageously j dashed under the sofa, where he wished the ground would open and swallow him. But the good old dame fell on her knees in a beseeching attitude. There were the grinning monsters outside the door. They wonld come in presontly she thought. She dared not raise her eyes to look out, but in a minute, with a desperate effort at courage, she glanced fearfully iii the direction of the door, and tba spectres had vanished. She sprang to the door and clapped it to. Meanwhile, outside, the ghosts, pleased with the conspiracy they had invented, retreated to a sai d distance, ! where aU met and laughed until the tears rolled down their cheeks. " Did you see old Widgers ?" laughed Charlie. " I had enough to do to contain myself." - , " And the poor old dome ; I thought she would have-" "Oh, oh!" This last was an agonising scream, and, looking around, the valiant party saw a dark object dressed in the garb of a monk approaching them. The party of juveniles became instantly panic-stricken, and Frank found his valour oozing out at his fingertips. But presently fear lent them strength, and they fled leaving their stilts behind them. Frank dragged Caroline by the hand, and the rest followed behind them. When they had gone some distance Frank looked back, and, to his -terror, he saw the ghost in pursuit of them. They gained tho lawn, but to their dismay they found that they had left Bertie behind. They looked around, pud saw with some relief that the ghost had disappeared. "Perhaps the ghost has carried Bertie away," sobbed Caroline. "And what will your mother say ? " cried Willie. " Oh, dear - oh, dear ; poor Bertie," moaned Mary. "Let us go back and find him at once," said Caroline. " But the ghost-" "Ghost or no ghost, we will have to find him," interrupted Charlie sensibly. " But what aro we to do with those things ; I am almost choked in this white thing." " We must throw them off," said Frank. And off went the ghostly raiments. They went back, and soon heard a faint crying. "It is Bertie," cried Mary, as she rushed to the spot, where she found Bertie sobbing as if his heart would break. " I think niy ankle is broken," he cried. " I cannot walk." " What will father say ?" cried Frank. " And it is all my fault." fie stooped down, and found that Bertie's foot WR3 only caught in a rabbit- hole, and wheu it was released he could walk all right. -Tlfey' ran home, and got in by the sido door, and ascended the stairs. They were all soon in bed, full of remorse that they ever played the ghost on anyone. They thought it very strange that, when they'were in bed about half ati hour, Uncle Ned looked into their rooms and- bade them good night. It was that gentleman who overheard their plot, and played tho ghost on them. When they had vanished he gathered up the draperies and silk, and brought them to the house and put them in their proper places.' Then he went down to the lodge" and told thc old couple that it was a joke after all. The old pair promised him that, as it was Christmas time, they would not get the children into trouble by telling on them. -Uncle Ned said he would keepit quiet, as it was their first time. The six children made up their minds never again to play the ghost on anyone. Th» next morning Frank went down to where he left the stilts and draperies, when, to his great astonishment, he found they were not there. [THE END.] 