ROTH. (ny Ut‘V. Alexander .Why to, 0.1\> | V.Tlie same,' Is my-'mother.”—Our.ljora. Mnru Tho Honk of Ruth Is a perfect gem. i up Book «>C ttuth is mi upplo of gold In a picture of p liver.Composed In PavliVs'day,and compos .>it to keen In memory n''famous mother of hi*.; the Book or Until, was a gift altogether At to hi* o Do red to n.ktiig: and It was an altogether. nil an eminently fit' gift to such a king as David was. It must, have been Nathan tho prophet who wrote,.the Book of Ruth and laid it down at the king's feet-as n coronation offer ing, or a bridal Or f birthday gift. Ho who spake to David tlio parable of the poor man with the one ewe lamb was just the penman to compose the story of t “Thb gleaner uiald, M oek ancestress of him who wing the songs Of sore repentance in his sorrowful mood.” Yes. Nathan was just the strong, tender, and original hand to shape and to set this exquis ite gem that shltics so sweetly among the early Units of David and .of .leans Christ. ’.The his torical 'tlilngs'ln this Book ol Ruth,” Viys Jon athan. Edwards, "seem to be inserted in the canon of Scripture, especially on two aocouuts. And, first, because Jesus Christ was of Ruth’s posterity. The Holy Ghost thought At to take particular notice of tlmt marriage of Jlonz with Ruth, whence sprang the .Saviour of the world. We may- often observe it,” udds Edwards,” that .the Holy Spirit, who Indited the Holy Scrip tures, often takes notice of little things, or minute occurrences, that do but remotely re late to Jesus Christ.” Both the Bible and nil the books after the Bible nre full of FINE STORIES OF LOVE, The love or the mother for her child. The love of the lover for her he loves. The love of the brother for the sister. Tho love of JouuUiau for David, and David for Jonathan. The love of Paul for his people Israel. Tho love'' of Christ for Ills own. and for all men. and so on. But neither In the Bible, nor anywhere else that I know of. Is there another such story of love told i»s.tho love of Ruth for Naomi; the love of this- Moabite, daughter-in-law for her Heb row mother-in-inw. Ruth’s love for her dead husband’s decayed mother is as pure us gold, and ns strong os death. Many waters connot quench Ruth's love. And her confession of her love, when siio is constrained to confess it, is the most beautiful confession of love in all the world. The world has nothing after Ruth’s confcssbu oMove like it. “And Naomi said un to her two daughters- in-law. Go return each to your mother’s house; the Lord deal kindly with you. as ye have dealt with the dead, and with me. And Ruth said, “In treat uie not to leave thee, or to return from following after thee: for whither thou goest, I will go, and where thou lodgest, I will lodge; thy people shall be my people,, and thy God my. God; where thou dlest, will 1 die, and then? will I be buried. The LurdUlo^ao to me, and more also, If aught •but. death part time and me.” No. There la nothing again like it. . . . "THE SAME IS MY MOTHER.” “She clave to her mother-in-law,” adds the -prophet. .Uutlifi* heart was so fuH of the cords of .love to Nnoml that those strong cords drew her. out of the laud of Manb, and knit 3ier deep into the lineage of Isir.nl, and into the ancestry of Jesus Christ. And thus it la that ourgreat seer discovers Ruth seated ou her1 glorious ritoo! Ui.,the rose of the 'seventh heaven beside the glorious stools of the greatest dames of scriptural story—Mary, aud Eve, and Rachel, and Roif trice, and Rebecca. Before Ruth had given Nnoml the full proof of her love, the des olate woman had bestowed her highest praise on Ruth’s past love, not only as a wife, but still more as a daughter-in-law. The Lord deal kindly with .thee, as,thou hast dealt with the dead, and with me. And the women of Beth lehem at once caught up this quite singular feature of Ruth’s affection when they came to congratulate;Naorai on the birth of Obed,,“Thy daughter-in-law,” they said to Naomi, “which lovoth thee, and which is better to thee than seven sons, hath borne.hluu” And iu this salu tation .of theirs the women of Jerusalem are in entire harmony with the whole world about Ruth’s so pure, and so noble, and so unusual1 love. Every language spoken among men lias Its own stock of cruel proverbs and satires and lampoons at the expeuse of their mothers-in law. But Ruth and Naomi go far to redeem that, relationship from all tlmt obloquy. No only daughter of her own body could haw breu so devoted to Naoiul as her son’s young Moab ite widow was. All the relationships of human life demand faith, and love, and patience, and forbearance, and good temper, aud good sense, aud good taste, and good feeling; but, perhaps, above all the other relationships of life, that of mother-in-law and daughter-in-law demands all those gifts and graces. But, then, the relationship that offers scopp and opera tion and reward fry* all those gifts of heart and graces of character' is just tlmt relation ship that should bo entered on by all men and women with much watchfulness, solIeiLloUs ness. prayer, tenderness, sympathy, and loyal ty; In short, with the mind and heart of Ruth, that Moabitess maiden, and Naomi, that mother Iu Israel, that widow indeed. Moses was as much opposed to Ruth’s mar riage as lie had been to Jephthuh’s. A Moabite woman shall never be married by an Israelite man if 1 can help it, said that revengeful old law-giver; not to ten generations shall any of their oil-nprlng .outer the congregation of the Lord. Yes, said Naomi, who hud made up her ml ml to the interdicted marriage—Yes. she said to her more conservative and scrupulous husband, as she milked her kino under the f Plsgah—Yes, she s^ld, but rnur laws are J nytdp for men and women, and not men nird‘women for marriage laws. And had Moses been here, she went on; had Moses been famished out of Bethlehem^ Judah, sis we have been; and had lie been re ceived and entertained by Ruth’s and Orpah’s fathers and mothers, us wc* have been, ho would to a certainty hove torn that ungry hnif out of his law. Dopeud upon it, she said, ns she saw her husband beginning to give way, depend upon it, Moses had'altogether other Moabites In his mind’s eye than Ruth aud Orputi, and their so hospitable fathers, when he set down his RETALIATORY MARRIAGE LAWS. And KUmeleeh at last gave way. Neheraiah also, ns well as Mnaos, visited the .Iniquity of the Moabite fathers upon the Moabite children to too many generations. For that merciless icjforrner and ' ieonoelufit contended with, and smote with his lists, and forcibly divorced the men of Jerusalem who had married Moab ite v.oiuuu iu his dny. But there again, this la to be said for Nehemlah, that the law-break er;* ofhls day ha<l not married such dear, sweet generous-hearted women ys Ruth and Orpuli -wore. "Because their fathers met not the chil dten of Israel with bread and with water,” said Nchetuiab. But, then, that was just whut Ruth and Orpali and the Jr fathers had done. Tbeyiuul met Elimelech, and Naomi, and Mnhlou, and CbiUoii,' not with breud nnd water ouly, but with,wine, nnd milk, and honey, and apices, nnd nil .manner of Moabite fruits, till the in'ud of Moab became to that.famished-out ‘family of BethleUem-Judub a land of Moab ,indeed, u most delectable.mountain, a place to , dwell in, pm} to-see their sous anti their sous', aon* settled luy. And thus It came about that j th«y<vfvyo JsivvyUte youths, Mnlilon and Chiliou, Were pipryled to those two Moabite maidens, hThah apd Ruth. ApiJ thus; through nil that, came about In Qpd'a providence that a rich stream yf 'Moabite blood Swn ffrat ini King Dav^d ^ vtinsi >md then through DuvidlH WlnW then through; BavldlsveloV, r^;?.iiUe v^,na fl-.fai'. /.-jBrfcuten.i Jiing tfcjth PiUlfl, - i -.A>. *Vier'<W 'i';'' • -A After the death of Elhneleeh. Naomi was a widow after Paul’s own hear*. NAOMI WAS A WIDOW INDEED. She was desolate, but she trusted God. ami con tinued in supplication ami prayer night and day. She was In behavior likewise as beeom eth holiness. She taught the Moabite young women about her to he sober, to love their j husbands, to love their children, to be discreet, chaste, and keepers at home. In short, she taught them to be wives and mothers in Moab like the wives and mothers in larael. 2 feel sure wo shall not bo far wrong to trace up a great^inrt of Uuth’s courage, devotion, extra ordinary loyalty, and'exquisite love, not so much to Naomi’s schooling as to her example. She, no doubt, had something to get over, as well as her husband,■ when the two marriages first began to dawn upon her. At the beginn ing she., top, had her own struggle with her Hebrew pride wheu she saw that her two He brew-born sons were not to be married Inti* some of the oldest and best of the families of Bethlehem-Judah. But when she saw that was not to be, she bore no grudge against the two Moabite maidens, but went over to their side, and stood up for them ngninst both Moses ami Elimclceh, and Nebemlab. And then, now among the joys of marriages, and -now among the sorrows of death-feeds. Naomi showed to those two Moabite women what a widowed wife and mother had to rest on in Israel: and one. at least, of her daughters-in-law laid the les son and the example well to heart. Yea; be hind all the nobleness, sUndfaslness, beauty, and tenderness of Kuth. I sen inspiring and sustaining1*and maturing*!!. all, the.wise, chas tened, weaned mind of one'who'was a mother in Israel and a widow in Israel indeed. 