THE LATE BISHOP OF GOULBURN. THE MONTH'S MIND. FATHER O'FARRELL'S DISCOURSE ON THE PIONEER PRELATE. On- Thursday morning the Month's Mind of the late Right Rev. William Lanigan was solemnly celebrated in the Cathedral of SS. Peter and Paul, Goulburn. As already stated in the Frbbman, the remains of the venerable prelate repose in the sanc tuary of the stately building which was commenced, completed, and consecrated during hia singularly fruitful episcopate; It was the intention of the Cardinal-Archbishop of Sydney and the Arch bishop of Melbourne to attend, as on the occasion of the burial of Dr. Lanigan, but almost at the last moment his Eminence and his Grace of Melbourne were obliged to alter their arrangements. The Cardinal was kept in Sydney by a severe sold. But the DioceBe of Sydney and the Diocese pf Melbourne ?were officially represented. The prelates present ?were Right Rev. Dr. Gallagher, ;Bishop of Goul burn ; Right Rev. Dr. Reville, Coadjutor-Bishop of Sandhurst, Victoria ; Right Rev. Dr. Dunne, Bishop of Wilcannia ; Right Rev. Dr. Dwyer, Coadjutor-Bishop of Maitland. The clergy included the Venerable Archpriest Sheehy, Sydney ; the Very Rev. Dean Slattery, Sydney ; Very Rev. A. Boyle, CM., Sydney; Very Rev. Z. F. Muraire, S.M., Sydney ; Very Rev. T. O'Farrell, Provincial o«the Redemptorists; Very Rev. Dean Hegarty. Kyneton, Victoria; Very Rev. Dean Phelan, St Patrick's , Melbourne ; Very Rev. Fathpr O'Dowd BathurBt ; Very Rev. Dean O'Keeffe. Yass; Very Rev. M. Slattery, P.P., Wagga ; Very Rev. R. Butler, P.P., Cootamundra; Very Rev- M. Buckley. Junee ; Very Rev. J. O'Dwyer, P.P., Tumut; Rev. E J. Fall on, P.P.. Temora ; Rev. P. J. Donovan, P.P., Gundagai ; Rev. J. Sheridan, Penrith ; Rev. M. Rohan, Moss Vale; Rev. J. Sheridan, Berriina ; Rev. M. O'Gorman, Michelago ; Rev, R. Collender, Queanbeyan ; Rev. J. Grace. Bungendore ; Very Rev. Father Gregory, O.P., Provincial of the Pas siomst Order; Rev. Fathers CalliBtus, C.P., Alphon sus, C.P ; Revs. J Kennedy and J. Cleary (Bur rowa), P. Hickey (Corowa), I). Griffin (Albury), J. W. Dwver and P. O'Shea (W&oati;\\. J. flamnhoil (Germanton), D. Leahy (Qundagai), P. O'Leary (Junee), P. Hanrah an (Tumut), J. Ryan, Adm., J. O'Donohoe and J. F Leonard (Goulburn), T J Car toll and P. M^Alroy (Crookwell), T. O'Shaughnessy (Gunning), J. O'Reilly (Cootamundra), J. J. Gaf fey (Young), M. Kiernan (Raymond (Terraced, M. Vttughan (Wyalong), T. O'Connell (Hay) ; Rev. J. Lane (Grenfell), Rev. O Daly, 8.J. (Melbourne). In the Office of the Dead' the Lessons were read by Very Rev. Father O'Dowd, Arehpriest Sheehy, Dean Slattery, Dean Phelan, Dean Hegarty, and their Lordships Dr. Dwyer. Dr.. Dunno, Dr. Reville, and Dr. Gallagher. High Mass was then celebrated by Right Rev. Dr. Dwyer; Very Rev. Father Butler being assistant priest ; Rev. James Kennedy, Burr owa, deacon; Very Rev. John Dw^er, Tumut, sub-deacon; Rev. Joseph Dwyer, master of ceremonies. The chanters were Rev- E. J. Fallon (Temora), and Rev. J. F. Leonard (Goul burn). Mr. George M'Connell ' presided at the organ. The cathedral was crowded. There were many visitors, including Hon. John Meagher, M.L.C., Bathursc; Hon. G. Day, M.LC Sydney ; Dr. Leo. Kenny, K.S;G., Melbourne ; Mr. J. Bourke, Murrumburrah ; and Mr Michael Meagher, Sydney. A GREAT BISHOP— HIS LIFE AND LABOURS. The Very Rev. T. O'Farrell, C.SS.R., preached the panegyric ...... 11 Mementote praepoaitorum vestrorura qui vobis locuti aunt verbum Dei, quorum intuentes exitum conversations imitamini fidenv' ' Remember your prelates who have spoken to you the word of God, whose Faith follow, consider ing the end of their conversation. Jesus Christ yesterday, to-day, the same for ever. Hebrews, xiii., 7 and 8. In these words the Apostle exhorts us to recall the memory of our deceased prelates so that revol ving in our minds the holiness in which they lived and died we may be, led to imitate their constancy in the faith, and that thus our liff- and dfiaf.Vi mav Vip made like unto theirs. The Church, guided by the same spirit which spoke in St, Paul, prescribes the Month's Mind and anniversary of her deceased Bishops for the same end, namely, that while the faithful gather to the church to honour their memories and pray for their souls, they may learn the lessons which their lives teach. It is with a view to help you, my dear brethren, in someway, to learn such 'a lesson from the life of your deceased Bishop that I have been asked to address you to day. To speak of ONE SO VENERATED BV ALL, ?whose sterling qualities were so highly valued by his venerable brethren in the Episcopacy ; who won for himself by 'no artful ways the esteem and love of the faithful clergy and people, and retained that esteem and love to the end of his long life, might at first sight appear an easy tank, especially to an appreciative audience. But when I consider that his life and works have already been so ably and interestingly sketched, and on more than one occasion by his Eminence Cardinal Moran, and by others associated with him in the Episcopal office ; when I see the columns of our Catholic journals, aa also of the able and impartial Prpss of this city, teeming with eloquent praise and graphic descrip tion, I feel as if the panegyric of Dr. Lanigan had already been preached, and that nothing remains for me but to call attention to what has been bo well justice to the memory of such a man. However, I ?will endeavour to point out to you as briefly as I can from the abundant material to which I have alluded how as it seems to me we may find in the Episco cal career of your late Bishop faithfully pourtrayed and pre-eminently fulfilled the triple character of the ' Bonus Pastor' — of the good shepherd of ^the flock of Christ, viz., the ruler, the teacher, and the father. He was indeed a ruler, and one of no mean capacity. And to prove this I have only to point to the monuments around us, like this great cathedral, the college, the convents, and' other such witnesses of HI8 8U00BB8FUL RULE UP AND DOWN THB DIO0B8B, and let them, speak, as they will do for many a long day, the panegyric of the great Pioneer Bishop of Goulburn. When, three- and-thirty yearB ago, he entered upon the onerous duties cf the episcopate with hia weak and attenuated frame, who would have prophesied the marvellous fruits of those 33 years which to-day confront us? He was then in his 48th year ; his health already enfeebled, and without any great prestige beyond that of his 19 years of hard and conscientious labour as a priest — first in Ireland and then in Australia. But vigorous in mind, clear headed, and eminently practical, and inheriting the dauntless -courage of his race, he put his trust in Him Who had chosen him to be a ruler of His flock ; and so, after receiv ing consecration at the hands of another great pioneer Bishop, the late Dr. James O'Quinn, of Brisbane, he entered upon his Episcopal office with an unbounded confidence in God and witn a firm determination to grapple at once with the difficul ties of his position and carry out faithfully the mission confided to him. I might here say that this was the keynote of his life — an unwavering confi dence in God in the discharge of duty. It was sounded by him at the very outset of his career as a Bishop. It was faithfully sustained at its true pitch throughout his long life, and was never truer or firmer than in his last moments. Nor will its echo cease to vibrate within these walls as loDg as that slab of marble covering his mortal remains retains that simple inscription com posed by himself, which emls with his favourite Scriptural motto, ?? In te Domine aperari, non con fundar in asternum.' 'In Thee, O Lord, I have hoped, let me not°be confounded forever,' Ps xxx Here are the words he spoke on his first appearance in Goulburn, May, 1867, after receiving the Papal Brief : ' Had I been consulted, I would never have accepted the responsibilities and labours attached to such an office. But now, viewing the matter in enother light, I have come to the conclusion that it is my duty to accept the mitre. Neither my could be said to qualify me for the high office I am about to assume ; but it is not on these I rely ; it is upon the. Almighty power of Him who has built His Church upon the Rock and preserved it for more than 1800 .years. As that Power has decreed that I am to be your Bishop, on It and on It alone, shall I depend for strength to discharge my duties faithfully.' Words truly worthy of the Apostle himself who gloried in his infirmities, and tells us how God hath chosen the weak things of the world to confound the strong that His power might be made perfect in w eakneas, and that no flesh might glory in His sight With such ^ noble and truly Christian sentiments did he prepare for his Con secration, which was an event that marked an epoch id the history of the Church in Australia, for Dr. Lanigan was the first Australian Bishop consecrated in his own diocese. What the estimate of his character was amongst those who knew him at the time, the eloquent words of the great pioneer priest of the South —the never to-be-forgotten Dr. M'Alroy— on that occasion will tell- After referring to hio long and early acquaint anoe with the new Bishop, who had been his fellow student in M.aynooth, afterwards his curate in Goulburn, and now his Bishop, Dr. M'Alroy Baid : — ' A blameless life, unostentatous piety, an un obtrusive manner, coupled with firmness and inte grity of purpoie, gained you the confidence and esteem of your fellow- students, while fidelity and punctuality in the discharge of your college duties secured to you the approbation of your Superiors and the friendship of the learned, honoured, and ever-to-be-remembered ? Dr. Renehan, President of the College. The habits of manly virtue there formed and matured during your eleven years of missionary life and labour in the time-honoured Archdiocese of Cashel won for you the sincere good will and respect of your fellow-priests and good Archbishop, And when the wants of the Church in Australia were forced upon your notice by the pious and venerable Archdeacon M'Encroe, the same generous, noble, and disinterested spirit caused you to break your cherished early associa tions and leave home, country, and friends, at what you deemed the call of God. to extend the Kingdom of ChriBt, arid break the bread of life to the souls redeemed by His Blood. To others I shall leave it to say whether your missionary career for seven years in Australia haB not been in accordance with your early fervour.' With a fidelity and an energy born of the strong hope that was in him, HB SET TO WORK IN THE VAST FIBLD OF LABOUR confided to his pastoral charge. No railway then intersected his diocese, which then embraced not only its present territory but nearly all the present extensive Diocese of Wilcannia, reaching as far as the border of South Australia, Five or six priests composed the little army with which he was to conquer to Christ 16,000 souls. There was no cathedral and but very few churches. A small building, which is now a part of the boys' school, was the only church in Goulburn. At Albury, Yass,' Gunning, and Jugiong there were churches, but of the most modeBt proportions. The rest of the vast diocese, in respect of priests and churches, was spiritually a desert. But he whom ' the Holy Ghost had placed as Bishop to rule the Church of God ' rose up in the strength of his con fidence and courage, and like a giant girded himself to grapple with the difficulties that would have appalled or paralysed one less brave. ' They that hope in the Lord,' says Isaias, 'shall renew their strength ; they shall take wings as the eagles ; they shall run and not be weary ; they shall walk and not faint.' Of him it might be said, as of the Kings of Israel, 'capit regnare'— 'He began to rule' — for. from the first, as he told me himself on his death-bed, he determined to lead and not be led. ' When I was made Bishop,' he said, ' I had many difficul ties, and I was a weak and delicate man. But weak as I wai, and though I must say God blessed me with a very fine body of priests and a good people, I let them know that I was their Bishop and that I was determined to govern with firmness. And,' he added, ?♦ if I had not done that I would have spoiled them' Then he said to me, not without emotion, 'I have made mistakes, and was uome times very severe, but I think I can say I have never acted from personal motives.' That he always tried to temper . the firmness ? of the ruler with the gentleness of 'a father, I leave the priests who Burvive him and who knew him so well to tell. ? Move than once I have heard one of them say, ' If youjmade a mistake or committed a fault and go to the Bishop and acknowledge it and sub mit to his correction, you'll hear.no more about it.' It was thus he ruled his diocese, firmly, impar tially, and withal gently. Hence, aided by the hearty co-operation and matured experience of the few energetic priests he had to begin with, he soon learned the wants of his vast diocese, and made himself acquainted with the people, and the resources he had to rely on. Called to Rome in 1869 to take part in the great (Ecumenical Coun cil of the Vatican, he took the opportunity of visit ing some of the ecclesiastical colleges of Ireland, and was fortunate enough to secure the services of some gifted young priests, three of whom were con temporaries of my own in Maynooth College and two of whom I am proud to see here to-day — one the present distinguished Bishop of the Diocese, who so worthily fills the throne vacated by his late chief; and the other the hardly' less distinguished and popular pastor of Wagga, Father Slattery. f^ater on, others followed, amongst them another Bishop in embryo, his Lordship of Wilcannia, who is also here to-day. And, moreover, to meet the growing wants of the diocese, he Becured, before he left Ireland, a constant supply of priests from the great missionary colleges of Carlow and All Hallows. Soen ' the desert began to bloom.' The young contingent led on by such veterans as Dr. M'Alroy and the other giants of those dayB, '♦ brought the mountains low, filled up the valleys, and made the rough ways plain,' till at last the glorious CROWNING SCENE OP THIRTY YBABS* LABOUR was witnessed on the great day of the consecration of this Cathedral. I can see the grand old ruler of the flock standing beneath the shadow of the great citadel of the Faith which he had built up from its first Btone to its last, with his faithful clergy and people gathered around him like victors upon a hard-fought field— his favouritepriesthad become his Coadjutor-Bishop, while from afar came the princes and chief pastors of the Church, bearing gold and frankincense to offer at the sacred shrine- I can see the tear glistening in his eye as he recounts the deeds of the heroic soldiers of the Cross who had fallen at his side during the 30 years that had passed. And, as eloquent tongues related the noble deeds arid marvellous fruits of his Episcopate and the banquet-hall, re- echoed with applause, I can hear the same spirit speaking within the grand old man that spoke when he came long ago to re ceive Consecration in Goulburn, and say — 'In te Domine eperari non confundar in sternum.' Yes, he was a great ruler. A majestic cathedral begun, finished, freed from debt, and consecrated— TOifV, nfr lactaf fift nfVioi* A'hiivnViaa manv r»P fliam lltUU 1*V At^MDW W WU\\-& VUU1VUQO, JUUC4UJT \J M. liUClU really grand ; 50 Catholic schools or more; 30 convents with over 200 nuns, a priesthood num bering ten times the number he had when he entered the Diocese, and cemented together, as his Eminence Cardinal Moran said from this pulpit, by a union of charity and of manly and combined action in all diocesan and public matters, and bound by the strongest ties of sympathy and affec tion to the faithful people, now numbering 40,000, Behold the marvellous fruits of that Episcopate ! But the good pastor ;MU8T BE A TEACHER AS WELL A3 A RULER. He must lead his sheep and lambs into whole some pastures and then protect them from the wolves. How did jour good Bishop fulfil this duty? I answer, with fidelity and success. The importance, the necessity of teaching the people and the children had impressed itself on his mind when he was only a young priest working in hia native country. Speaking of this to me a short time before his death, he said : ' I saw the need the poor people had of simple instruction, and not being able myself to reach all, I adopted a plan which I had the happiness of afterwards hear ing had proved very sucseiBful. Dr. Callan, Pro fessor of Natural Philosophy in Maynooth College, had translated into English the little works of St. Alphonsus Liguori, and had them published by Duffy, of Dublin, at a very low price. I told the books, and tha* I expected the heads *of all the families in the parish would purchase as many as they could afford to pay for^ and that they could pay me according as they were able. I took the books with me every Sunday to the different chapels, and each family took eome of the books, and all paid me punctually. Afterwards when I went back to Ireland as a Bishop and visited my old parish priest he said to me, ' Well, if you never did any good in your life but what you did here by circulating those little books, you will have a big reward. For I can tell you that since the people read those books they are so much improved that I can hardly believe it is the same parish.'' This early zeal of the young priest for education in creased and became a consuming fire in the Pastoral heart of the Bishop. With characteristic confidence he undertook the beautiful college which, now directed by the well-known ability and piety of the Christian Brothers, bids fair to rival the glory it achieved under the presidency of his Lordship Dr. Gallagher. The higher education of girls is well cared for under the SisterB of Mercy and the Presentation Nuns. The little Sisters of St, Joseph have penetrated to the most remote corners of the diocese, and over 50 Catholic primary schools with a body of religious teachers numbering over 200 are sheltering more than 3000 lambs of the fold from the wolf of Godless State education. It was when this wily monsteir appeared clothed in the dress of a good old grandmother,' like the wolf in Red Riding Hood, that the late lamented Bishop proved himself the true Shepherd of the flock, and. THE UNOOMI-RO^IIPINO CHAMPION OF CATHOLIC AND n : RELIGIOUS EDUCATION, . . ? \V, and it is as such his name should live and will live - for ever in the history of the Church in Australia^ - ; Already his Eminence Cardinal Moran haB immor talized the heroic struggle of Bishops, prieBts, and; people for Catholic education in the pages of his - great work, and there, too, is recorded what the Bishop 'of Maitland bo forcibly described from this. L pulpit at the opening of the Goulburn cathedral in 1890\. When in 1879 the Bishops of New South Wales met in council to devise means to cope with V the state of things created by the proposed new Pub'ic Schools Act, the man who rose up with all the gallantry of his native Tipperary, and said : ' Let us fight the enemy; the priests and the people will back us with their last shilling.' was Dr. Lanigan. By his strong common-Benee and deter mined courage he carried the other Bishops with him. and the result was the famous Joint Pastoral which flung defiance in the fuce of one of the strongest Governments the colony has ever had. '.- The battle then begun has gone on in spite of apparently overwhelming odds, but even now it is difficult to decide on which side victory rests. la the Church, too, from altar and pulpit he taught his people in simp-e, intelligible language, and it is well known the rivalry which his zeal for Chris tian Doctrine created amongst different ? parishes in preparing the children for Confirmation. Both priests and nuns knew well what they had to expect if the Bishop found the children deficient. Thus he showed himself a true and zealous teacher of the flock committed to hia charge. Lastly, he was the father, THB TRUB AND GENTLE FATHER OF HIS FLOCK. But you, my Lords, who knew so well the sympa thetic heart of your late venerated colleague, want no proof of this. Nor do you, his faithful and de voted priests, who have so often' benefited by his fatherly advice and felt the aid of his sympathetic and generous hand. Nor do you, my dear Sisters, who in him who is gone had ever the most tender, watchful, and loving Father. Nor you, his people, with whom he ever sympathized, in your griefs and rejoiced in your joys. Nor you, above all, the little orphans, whom he sheltered and fed, and for whose sake he forgot his own flesh and blood, and went to the grave with, hardly sufficient to meet the ex penses of his burial. Ah, no ! Had you wit nessed, my Lords and Rev. Fathers, as I had the privilege to witness, the tears of his priests, of his nuns, of the servants of his household that f el 1 around the bed on which he breathed his last, you would not need me to tell you that under that plain, blunt, and sometimes apparently cold exterior there beat a heart as tender, as considerate, and as warm as ever throbbed in human breast. Be mindful, then, o£ your great and good Bishop. ' Be mindful of him, every Catholic household in the Diocese of Goul burn, and while you tell your children of the great pioneer Bishop who built up the prosperity of the diocese, and thus learn from his saintly life the lessons of charity, of humility, of disinterestedness, and of piety, which he taught bo well by his ex ample. And you, his faithful clergy, who have so thoroughly imbibed from your great leader his own spirit of ardent and disinterested zeal, manly cour age, and unwavering confidence in that Divine Help that never fails, continue to CHERISH HIS MBMORY ' and remember him in your Masses. I cannot sympathize with vou as with a widowed dio cese, for the prudent pastor, the tender father . , did i^not leave you orphans. One according to his heart and your own is already at your head, and ' will take up the torch and hold it aloft, and - will know how to stoop down to the littleness of ' the young and the poverty of the poor. Your tears were dried ere they began to flow. In your new Bishop the spirit of the old will still speak, Defunetus . adhue loquitur. To you, ray Lords, his colleagues in the Episcopate, I may be permitted to say : You have lost a true and loyal brother. But the spirit of light and of love, of justice, of piety and of fortitude that dwelt in him will, I trust, continue for many years to inspire your actions and guide your deliberations for the welfare of the Church in this land, so that when the Prince of Pastors shall call you away your lives may be found as fruitful and your last end as peaceful as his. And may each and all of us assembled here to-day to honour the memory and pray for the soul of him who was the ruler, the teacher, and the father of this flock, learn effectively the lessons of his holy life, especially his unwavering confidence in God, and be ab'e to say as he did in life and in death : ' In te Domini speravi, non confundar in seternum ' In Th«e, O Lord, have I hoped; let me not be confounded forever. — Amen. Sister Evangelists Walsh, oi St. Mary's Convent of Mercy, Wellington, peacefully passed away on June 20. The deceased Sister, who was a native of Kilkenny, arid joined the Order in 1877, had reached the 48th year of her age. We desire to draw our readers' attention to Mr. Christie's business announcement which appears elsewhere in this issue. As both a maker and re* - ' ' pairer of umbrellas and parasols Mr. Christie cer- ° tainly ranks first in the colony, and as his prices are 1r, in all cases very reasonable it is not surprising that his business is daily increasing. An evidence of! this may be found in the fact that Mr. Christie has now another shop (at 520 George-street, near Park street) in addition to his well-known establishment at 11 The Strand. ' 