The Kaffir. The writer has:seen".the South African" native; commonly called Kafflr;-in all-his varying phase's -in his wild state, semi-civilised,;and wholly;sol He has seen the native at his-best:and:at-his: worst . -^untainted by. the touch of civilisation and'-soiled : by its proximity. . . . . . . Tho-Kaffir, in^hiá uncivilised state,: is an overgrown < child, ; with childish foibles-and shortcomings. But' let-him learn the vicepvOf civilisation, let him realise the evil there, is-in him,; let .him discover, that-there is a broad path, leading to destruction-and you ' will lind à fullycivilised-beings aa capable in cer .tain directions as-is the white man. . It is-a fact that where the Kaffir is permitted to dwell in pri-i tneval ignorance, with none to wárn him against vices he knows nothing about, he remains a good Christian, even though te is ignorant of- doctrinal disputes and the meaning of highv. criticism. A study of the Kaffir is a« study of the-human being. . And, what' is more,Uhe- has - been. grossly and shamefully maltreated.; ; As for the morality of the Kaffir, that differs according to the tribe and its. proximity to civili sation. . Thè Zulu is .'eminently virtuous!, Infrac tion of jthe iàw. of morality is punished by death. The culprits are placed on the ground with their respective heads resting upo.i a" flat stone. Then their heads are . crushed with another stone. On the other hand,, the Hottentot, having been a close companion of the white man, is the most immoral . ana uèp'ravëd human' being,* pei iiaps, in existence; ,Th.e Matabeles are moral, so are . tLe Basutos >anil the Mashonas. The. Bechuanas are less "so, and the Bushmen rank next tb the . despised Hottentots. That the latter are as ¡bad-as'stated is evident when-the-Zulus-will not - work in the same mine with one, nor- sleep in jthe. same room or kraal. Nearly all the tribes/ save :- the Hottentots and Bushmen,' are ' cleanly; thq Zulus ; particularly - so. The Zulu. goes in bathing?¿twice á day. He cleanses his teeth, with! miikr at sunrise and again at "sunset.- All .the tribes, > leven- those., pártially civilised, :believe in ghosts ^arid' spirtts...^-.':Mànyvw.brehiP;Äevspirits.vo'^' the 'departed. Still others are fëtish worship pefs. . The most advanced tribe -is the Basuto nàiion.-'ih which there are 50,000 Christians,: with' 144 schools. Strict as' are the laws against-the' indiscriminating selling of liquors to.natives, they; , are yet.-able to obtain all they wánt. And when their supply of ordinary ; rum and whisky runs short, they manufacture the notorious "Cape Smoke." This addiction to alcohol is the great curse of the Basutos, and, in fact, of every other tribe. Cape Smoke must .be" tasted to be ap preciated-f-provided the person', thus experiment-: .lng survives. . For,.'be it known,.that Cape Smoke consists of wood alcohol, ; rea pepper, and sul phurlc acid.. This terrible concoction is relished by the Kaffirs - as no European drink »is-they have not yet been civilised up to the level of the . American "mixed drink." But to return to the Basutos. For more than 100 years this tribe has been undergoing a . pro cess of forcible civilisation. Good men and good women have sacrificed their lives to the noble cause. .Just.before, the, present, war began, there was a gathering of indunas, or native priests, near: the Free. State border. Thousands of "Chris tian" natives attended;; , Two oxen were brought into a ring.formed for the purpose. ' One of the animals was snow white, representing the British. The other, coal black, represented the Boers. With-Weird incantations and wild dances, these Christianised Basutos skinned the poor oxen alive.._ Tha-.white "ox.succumbe<Lafter five hours of ^terrible agony;: the black one: lived for nearly a dayAand a^hight;^ The' gods of the "Christian" Basutos had answered the oracle-the Boers .would, win. The Kaffir is~a stoic. With him, what is, is. I have seen a Zulu's' toe crushed by a rock. Calm ly he cut the injured' member of¿ tied the wound up with rag, and then; as calmly resumed work, - This 'stQicisni' i.tjis - that^makes the Kaffir such a ... formidable foe. v:. The-native does not know his own.' power-^-due" to numerical superiority. Arm \- -him with modern weapons,-, and you build a Frankenstein,.who- will prove as. terrible a conun drum-as: Mrs.;-Shelley's monster.,: For, despite his ? schooling ' and Christianising and I civilising, . thë^:^àffirr'rèmàins'ia Kaffir,, unable to forget his wrongs, aäd, held .ip leash only: through fear of the white man's death- dealing weapons. Even now the^Basutos are considering the advisability of attacking " the side that will -lose In the cam paign betwejBntthe'. contending white men. Let . the British'Tbe;;djeféatéd a few more times, and : even the loyalty7rof 'the' Baauto chief, Lerothodi. will not be able to stem the tide. The only ? preventive pf "openj hostility, even at this writing, . is the. pariiamen'taryVfotm of government of the j Basutos. : Qhe;.word more; the black question in South Africa will- yet. prove a : far more serious question than the black question in . the South. And the white, man must shoulder the blame-it ls his burden. -"Scientific'American." 