WHAT DIVERS SEE- I Ijnd boon a boy fa the British Kavy said ] Andrew Cameron to a writer in the 'Ch icago Inter-Ocean,' but at the afce uf IB (tfie pre- ' ssribed age) I took the position tj torpedo ] diver. I My first real diving experience was off i Triocomaloa. lale of (Mod. :TK- mail- I boat Hankow had eapeixed, and all faaods os board were drowned. The daughter of the Governor of that island had been to England, and waa going home on thia atiip. I waa at Singapore at the time, and was stmt for by Admiral Byder, to recover the maila and bring the bodies bacc. When 1 had got up about everything, and all the luggage gad bodies I could find I was Informed that- the Gover nor's daughter was still missing. At last I found her in a small state-room, where she had been sitting with her satchel in her hand, ready to go ashore. I had no thought of finding anyone in the room.ss tbe ports were shut, whereas all the rest of the porta were open. Upon entering the door, a strong circulating current was caused, and in an instant the life-like body rose at me with a bound. Perfectly dazed, I finally came to the surface. When tbey .saw me the men cried: ' ficotty has seen a ghost.' When 1 recovered a little bit, I said: ' You had better go jdown yourself and find the ghost.' Then they told me that my hair was white, and I went to a glass and saw any hair, which bad been very blade, had in stantly changed and waa half white. I was the only diver there, so that 'as soonas I wss able I went down and brought op the body. ? Mysecond diving operation waa off the Isle of Wight. H.H.8. Burydioe sank and 600 boys and men were drowned, only two faea havingeaeaped. Yoar humble servant being at Portsmouth at tbe time, I wa* telegraphed to go down and get the bodiea, etc. 1' pro-: ceeded With tbe work, raising them by inwins of a heavy case, with iron binding. The work was at - depth of tsreaty fathoms, and the sight of the hatchways leading down to the main deck jammed with the men, as they had robed together to get up, wss the vilest I havjs ever seen. ? It was necesssiy to sepaote them one ty one, aad pass them to my mate. The work had to be done carefully, aa they would alip away if merely touched. We found men aittiiv at a table actually writing latter* to folks at home. ' ? One of my experiences aboard the Pea* lope waa at Alexandria. .. The Council sent word- to Admiral Hornby that then were torpedoes arranged to destroy tbe fleet One Thursday afternoon the signal west up for divers to look for torpedoes, this being at the time of the bomharnmimt of Alexandria. I went down under fire,Md it-appeared thai I wastheonlyjnanwhoiwaBjied ths^ottopi. I found a Whitehead .«ocma the moat dangerous Und, with-'ft|Wrf»iliiiil I did not know what minnte^viraipD off. bat witboot hesitation X with, pincers. For thUyM ^ypjr^taiarded a pension for life. MyJIiMWleryte having expired I returned to B&hgate;, and went to work in acoalpit-' f ' Shortly after 1 reoeived a telegram to pro ceed to Boness, Scotland, and so down i pit and open a ti»pdoorinaeoeI-mihs, where eight persons were :benuHod ^u by s torrent of water. Before going dowa I had to get diving gen r.' ., -1 coold not get aroed dresa, but as tisre wers lives at stake. I wcntat a great risk. » I^got irithin thirty yards of the victims aiid cut away at the door, bul l was In abeolitte^dfricries^aitdtii^Mslriiyr^Rtter drew me away. I then managed to tie -myself to a post with thejife:llne-,and proceeded. This flood was cM^sdl-y the water from an old mine near byjBnding its way to the new one.; The boy stationed it the trap-door where the tubes are laisod had gone to sleep, and the miners, working up an inclined shaft,, were notwarnMof the oneoniuigflQod. 'As the shaft filled tbe men wore cot oSfrbHi the main' shaft, .aa tliey «ould hot*et over the lititdiea, the RndLJjMng vfty-darrow. \- After ^jboiug uB foraapell, ! returned, to, find oneM the:jtea^-^tiM'neM^ltiitnih«r^ ing light, and oboy-cryitjg. As I api- roMhiBd they both ran badc, thinking I wasklKml, although I tried to motion to thenu',«3 fon^d a spike-nail, and goit^ all the waybnt^.]tiie water, I removed my mouth pleoe. .^Mvijiaa rather dangerous, as my. guide mfrbt'hsw drawn me ioto the water. Wheo I^otMoff and talked' to thein,*' tbey waatsd-olDS-w what day it waa. *s they had bisea three days without food. l then went to the top of the pit ana took? food to them in a tin oan. I opened it with my diving-knife, aad gave the men a share. There were hundreds of people at the pit waiting for tbe good word, and I think the first manly thing I ever did waa to brine this little boy on my shoulder thirty' yards through tbe darknees and water and asnd him to his mother, where V Dr. Kirk took him In hsnd. By this time the water had abated oonaiderably, and I snooeeded in get ting nil hands out. In three boors more the water would have filled the abaft where the men were located. My greatest feat, which made me the woild's record diver, was at Loch Craig, Invarmee'' sbire.'fiooUsnd. It was where the embank ment had giveq way,' a coincidence similar to the recent wreck on the Hew York Central Bailroad. Tho heavy anppty of rain ceased the embankment to subside abont six inobea, and tbe rails being off the level, the embank ment gave way and the engine left the rails and tipped into the water. It was a mineral train, and only the en gine went over, as the coupling yielded. Drivers failed to go down, as it waa 200 feet. I was called from a place called Dole Bay, where I wss working for the Northern Lake Company. I proceeded at onoe to sesrcb for the two bodies; being a Government err tificate man I had to go. 1 found ( would need longer diving taeaie. I had but two 60ft- lengths. When 1 bad got more tubing I went down with the three lengths, sod landed a short distance from the engine at the bottom. I fitted op two iron railway chairs, which I used in making the deseent. I sank them to die bottom on a coil of twenty-seven rope, and I had to go up and down it like a monkey. On my first actual descent I landed on Ihe funnel of the engine. I climbed down, and found the engineer standing with his hand clinched on the throttle valve. The fireman was standing with such a death-grip upon the hand-break that I fouudlt difficult to get him away. I made them fast to tho line I had with me, and asoended. . I reckon I- wna dowo thirty minutes. The weight of the diving dress is ' no small item in the work, the actual weight being 160 pounds to carry about, including 28 pounds on each foot. When I came up I wss bleeding at the nose, ears, and mouth, as tbe pressure on my body waa 84 pound* to the square inch, in addition to the outer pressure of the water on my ' body. j 