Comic Catlings. A' sensible girl has 00 more um tor a fresh young man tban tor ono that is stale "I fool for you deeply," sold tbo hungry " man, probing about In the soup-bowl for a stray oyster. . " I llko to bear a baby, cry," said a crusty old bachelor. "Why?" " Becauso then the . little nuisance Is -taken out of - tbo room." . Gapsmlth (sonUmentally) : "What Is sad der than to have lovod and lost 1" Henny- pock (promptly) : " To havo loved and goc hor." . Ghe : " Is it true, darling, that you gave ' '. the minister £3 for marrying us?" He: " Yos, but keep it to yourself. I was never so swindled In my life." i': "That dog certainly sooms almost human ot <tlmes," sold old Mr. Fussy.' "Yes," said Mrs. Fussy, " be growls ovor bis food qulto as much as you do." " When I vlsBt Blackpool in the summer I always pay a visit to my old landlady." " Well, I suppose lt'e only right tbat you f should pay hor something, old man." He: "What? -Is Mrs. Wedalot going to be led to the altar for itho third time ?" She: " 'No. d should fancy not. She ought to be able to find the way herseir by this time." tylrs. Cumso : " Your husband dresses very quietly." (Mrs, "Cawker : " <Doco he ?" "You ought to hear him wben ho can't find hls- collar, or his slcevc-llnks become mislaid." Mr. Brown : " Good morning, Mr. Jones ; how's your wife ?" Mr. Jouea (who was deaf and didn't qulto understand) : " Very blustering and. disagreeable again this morn ing." " Ai splendid stroke 1 Did you follow -the ball, caddie?". "No, sir ; but 1 think that gentleman with tho red coat can tell where it struck. -I see him a-rubbin' 'isself pretty much.'! Ikoy : "Please, farder, give me a half penny for Ice cream.' 1 am 'so hot!" Father : " Ikoy, metn shon, dot Is a vaist' of money. - I will toll, you a fine ghost story dat 'will mako'your blood run . cold." Young Lady : "l ean only be a sister to you— no more.": Ho : " Thanks. That Is very gcod of you. Have you spoken to your mother . of it; yet ?'? Young Lady : Of what.?"v He : My .adoption I" " Do you realise, young- man," ealdt the parson,. " when you retire to rest at night thai you may be called before dawn?" " Why/ of course I do," was -the response. "I'm. tbe father of a three-weeks-old baby;" Mrs. Motherly : " Why Is it, George, that you have- never thought seriously of getting married?" George: "fjfou misunderstand me, Mrs. Motherly. I have always thought of It so seriously that I am still a bachelor." Jackson : " How's your family?" John son : "Pretty well, thank you !" " Any of your daughters married yec ?" " No ; and I can't understand why they -donM go off. Thoy use powder enough, goodness knows 1" Do Jones : "I hear your firm' discharged you." Smyth? : " Yes ; but 1 wouldn't m.nl tbat so much I'f they' hadn't added Insult to Injury." De Jones : "'How so ?" Sinytbo : " Thoy advertised for a boy to All my place." Perfectly Serene : " Ever quarrel with your wife?" " No." " Have any trouble with your servants ?" " No." Oolldren worry you ?" "No." "Great Caesar, man? -how's that ?" ".'Ain't married ; Uve by my self." Enamoured Youth: " Your fathor seems worrlod about somothlng to- night." Sweet Girl : " Yes, poor pa has so many business cares." Little Brother : That Isn't it. Ho'a mad becauso tbo big dog bo bought didn't como." A young man; who knows all about It states that bis experience has taught bim that a flirt is a tool who delights la fooling girls,, and the fool who Is fooled by sugh a fool Ib the foolishest kind of a fool. He's been fooled badly. Pedestrian : " So you want work, do you 7 Woll, you csdi.get U by going to that factory over tbere. There Is a placard oh too door saying there Is work for both sexes." Tramp: " Sorry , sir ; hut l-ba't don't help me. I be long only to one sex." "Goodness! Wo shall miss tbo first act," ehe said Impatiently. . "We've been, waiting a good many minutes for tbat mother of mine/' " Hours, I should say," hd ropllod somewhat acrimoniously. "Ours 7" cried sho, rapturously. " Oh, George, this Ib so sudden !" Then she fell upon his neck. Mrs. Smith (thoughtfully): " I'm afraid I shall have to stop giving Bobby tbat tonlo tho doctor left him." Mr. Smith (anxious ly) : "Why, Isn't be any better t" Mrs. Smith ; " Ob, yes 1 But he has slid down tho banlfltors six times this morning, broken tho hall-lamp, two vasos, a Jug, and a looking glass, and 1 don't feel as if I could stand much more." Captain Mahan, tbo first American Peace Commissioner to arrive in New York on bis return from Tho Hague, was met by the usual army of lutcrvloworB. But Mrs. Mahan stepped forward, aud said to the re porters, " 1 think you might lot me talk to tho captain a little while now. I have not seen hlra for flvo or six months, and " Wonderful to rolato, tho American Pressmen at onco withdrew. , 