FROM ALL QUARTERS. -4t-- Society in Washington is startled by the Cnnouncement that Alfred Vanderb'llt, head of the Vnnderbllt family, and said to be the richest man of his age In the world, whose father left him £10,000,000 uncondi tionally, has decided to enter the employ of the New Yorkl Central ailwavy, commenc lng at the foot of the ladder. The nowse comes as a surprise, as hitherto young Van derbllt was thought to be fonder of pleasure than work. Kruger's silk hat and pipe are to be put up for sale. He always bought his famous "stovo pipe" at a fashionable London hat ter's, and had the habit of writing hisl Sname In the lining with a very short pencil. This particular hat he had in use for many years when on his farm in the Rustenburg district. With the pipe goes a certificate signed by Oom Paul himself. The carving on it was done by a Boer, the head being a Continental pipe presented to him, and inlet is a Transvaal threepenny piece. England is apparently going to have an other "Tichbourne" ease. MIr. John A. Daniels, a lawyer of the city of La Crosse, Wisconsin, .U.S.A., is coming over to prove before the Court of Chancery on the ground that he Is the only heir to the vast estate of Sir Francis Drake. For the last ten years he has been hunting up records, and now has all his papers ready. Sir Francis Drake left a large fortune at the time of his death in 1590, which has remained in the hands of the Chancery Court ever since awaiting a claimant. Lord Rosebery is the holder of no fewer than 4 Scotch peerages-the oldest creation dating from 1700. He sits in the House of Lords as the holder of a peerage of the United Kingdoni--the Barony of Rosebery, which was created .in 1828. Scotch peers, however, who have seats in the House of Lords as peers of England ip the United Kingdom have voted since 1793, notwith standing a resolution of the House of Lords in 1708 forbidding the practice forScotchre presentative peers to "represent" them in the House of Lords of which they them selves are hereditary members. The experiences as an engine driver In South Africa of Viscount Milton, the newly elected menmber for Wakefleld, which Con sisted in bringing up two loads of supplies from Vereeniging over a dangerous railway track, recall the case of another young nobleman, the Marquis of Downshire, who lias a remarkable taste for mechanics. In deed, a complete railway, nearly two miles in length, has been laid down in thegrounds of IIllsborough Castle, one of his seats in County Down. The engine alone, whicn can travel at the rate of forty miles an hour, cost a thousand guineas, and is driven by Lord Downshire, who is his own stoker. The train consists of one carriage and a guard's van, and along the line which In tersects the carriage drive;leading up to the eastle, aro the usual signal boxes and other railway appurtenances. The private income alone of the Sultan amounts to over £1,000,000 per alnoun. The revenues which he derives from the Crown lands are known to exceed £4,000,000 a year, and In addition to this he has all sorts of other resources. To what extent this fortune is invested, and to what degree it is merely hoarded, no one can tell, but there is every reason to believe that a con slderable portion of it Is Invested in foreign stockts, especially railways and mines. The germination of seeds in sterllsed water to whic varying quantitles of oxygen had been added has been studied by M. P. Maze. He concludes that, while life appears to remain aIntent, certain slow changes take place, although germination under water may fail on account of lack of naeration. Some small seeds are developed slowly by the atmosphere with in their coats. Starchy seeds under watdr quickly lose al power of germinating; oily seeds retain it longer, but there is no proof that any seeds call long retain their vitality. The weakening of the submerged embryos is attributed to the accumulation of poisonous products, es pecially aldehyde. The greatest heat of the century recorded in the vicinity of Paris is stated bhy M. E. Inoger to have been 103.6deg at Chateaudun on July 27sof this year, the nearest approach to this having been 101.5deg at Mlontsoaris Observatory a week earlier. At Poitiers, 100.2deg was recorded in July, 1870. High temperaturs about London have been 95.2 at Camden Town on July 16 last, and 97.1deg at Greenwich in July, 1881: while 101deg was reached at Alton, Hants, in the latter month. A novel process for taking oxygen from the air has been brought to notice by two English chemists. The air is forced at a pressure of 5 to 10 atmospheres into a vessel of alcohol, which is aid to dissolve much oxygen and little nitrogen. On releasing the oressure the undissolved nitrogen is discharged, the oxygen being then with drawn by an air pump. This product con tains from 35 to 40 per cent. of oxygen, and can be further enriched by passing a second or third time through the apparatus. The nearly pure oxygen from the final operation is washed with wniter to remove traces of alcohol. The yearly cost to the State of the Ame rican soldier is about £375. This inmdlvidual sum is largely in eccess of the cost of Euro pean troops. Great Britain, which has the smallest army of all the Great Powers, ex pends, roughly, £93 on each of her soldiers; Austria, with a war feotTng of over a million men, expends £45 per main; and Germany and France, the two military Powers of Europe with the biggest armies, are equal with an individual outlay of £43. Italy, with the second smallest army, spends £58 on every soldier she maintains; and Rus .sla's cost is estimated at £37. In 1886 each soldier cost the United States £278, so that the lapse of fourteen years exhi'hts no small difference " finnal rest nor man. The latest curiosity in sectlsm is reported itrom Georgia. In a leter to the Rev.eLyman Johnston, editor of the "Toledo Stumbling stone," a correspondent writes: - "The worst and wildest fanaticism I ever saw In my life is raging in this region. It is the Fire Baptized Associalton. They are holy rollers and dancers. They boast of five dis tinct works of grace:--l, conversion; 2, sanctllication; 3, baptism with the Holy Ghost; 4, baptism of fire; 5, the'heavenly dynamite.. Free Methodists are nowhere compared to this. H. R. Irwin, of Lincoln, Neb., is the progenitor of this latest traves ty on true religion." Dried oysters prepared by the Chinese by some secret process are said to be very-good. A New Orleans man who happened to drop in to see his friend Lee Yip, who keeps a grocery store there, was shown the de licacies. Led Yip took dut from a box ,a handful of what looked exactly like o?yters carved In mahogany. They were not shrivelled and warped, like other dried foods, but were as plump and symmetrical as any well conditioned bivalve fresh from she deep shell The only difference was that they were dark brown in colourand as hard as bricks. When Lee Ylp tossed them back into the box they rattled like a handful of marbles. The process of drying is a trade secret, but as nearly as I could gather from Lee, says the writer, they are spread on the tops of large sheds and exposed to the Sun for several weeks. What prevents de composition I don't know; but they come nut of the operation as sweet and brown as -nute.--- I--trlied some by special invitation. They were b?rought in in a bowl and formed a'sort of stew or saute, which was really delicicus. The oysters themselves 'were firm, but exceedingly tender, and had a peculiar peppery flavour, different from anything else I have ever tasted. The nervous ystem, always calling. for phosphorus, is quieted by a full fruit diet. Apples relieve the nausea of sea sickness, and are a help to those who are trying to break themsdl'es of the .tobacco hablit. A good, ripe, raw apple is completely digested in eighty-five minutes. This easy digestion favours longevity, the phosphorus renews the nervous matter in brain. In the Juice of lemons and limes may be found a cure for billious colic, and for some forms of rhesmatism. The Juice of oranges may be used freely in nearly all forms of sickness. ananuas give strength. Dr. FridtJof Nansen expects to leave Chlrstlanla on May 15 in a specially-con-i str'ucted vessel'to carry out bydrological In vestlgations around Iceland for the Nor wegian Government. The expedition will return In the astumn. . Forty thousand golden Ooereigns is the nount of gold which has recently been ..jut out of circulation by being cast into o statue of "The American Oirl," which is o be the gold exhibit of the State of Colo ado at.the Paris Exhibition. Incidentally, his statue will be a tribute to the popu arlty of its model, Miss Maud Adams, at :he moment, the most conspicuous act ecss on the American stage. The statue Is ife size, and stands i5ft 5in in height, con taning about 7121b of pure gold. The cost of maklting the statue and casting it is about £12,000, and it is the work of a woman Miss Bessie Potter. A very patriotic Irishwoman recently or dered .a sunshade which very ingeniously suggested her native land. The material of which it was made was lyddlte-green Irish poplin, covered with Irish point lace, two or three rows of narrow dark- green velvet bordering the edge. A little tuft of velvet sheamrocks was sewn round the ferrule, and the polished green-wood handle was carved in the shape of a shamrock. The effect was said to be both elegant and un common. Flbroleum, a now leather paper made by a French manufacturer, is prepared from waste cuttings of hide. These are cut Into emall pieces, freed from glutinous matter in alkaline solution, beaten, passed through a refiner, then made Into very thin paper, which is dried inna hydraulic press in piles of 100 to1000 sheets. The theory that sunstroke is a contagious disease, due to microbes, has mot with little favour, notwithstanding the evidence bro ught forward by Dr. Sambon a year or two ago. Mr. E. H. Freeland, who has seen many cases, finds no good reason for chang ing the old explanation, and believes that there is ample proof that sunstroke is due primarily to the exposure of the body to a hot, moist atmosphere, and secondarily to blood poisoning from the perverted meta tolle action thus set up. During Inundation at Munich two bat feries of acecumulators In the Municipal Electric Station were completely submerg ed. On the following night an attempt was made to light part of the streets from one ctf the batteries, and, proving successful,. vith about two- thirds of the usual current, the battery was charged on the next day, and again discharged on the second night. On the subsiding of the water the accumu lators were found to have sustained no dam age except a slight weakening of the acid. SThe entire, drainage basins of the Aral and Caspian Seas are found by Dr. Svan Hedin to be drying up. Lakes and rivers are becoming smaller, and dwellers on Lake Balkhash assert that the lowering of its waters is as much as lIft in five vears. The most remarkable changes appear in the Lob Nor. This lake has no outlet, although 2000ft above sea level, and its freshness led to the inference that it must be of recent formnation. It is now proved that the sheet of water described by early geographers has disappeared, leaving only a dry bed of shells and other remains, while a series of new lakes has formed around the old basin. The "Philadelphia Record" would make a big change in the school education of chil dren. It argues that-"In addition to ele mentary instruction 'in the laws of hygiene as applied to daily living, every public school should give specific instruction with regard to first aid to the injured. Mgre over, every female scholar should," It says, "be given an opportunity to learn to re cognise the effects of super-heated atmos phere upon young children, and to apply the proper emergency remedies." The Chinese are the only Eastern people that have chairs; all the rest sit down on the floor. But they are the hardest of hard chairs, and recall the agonies of straight backed pews in old country churches at home. There are no saddle-bag chairs or lounges. Now and then there is a little platform with a pillow at each end, where the husband reclines to smoke his opium. There is the ancestral tablet as the chief ornament, decorated in red and gold. There are one or two scrolls on the wall bearing copy book wishes for domestic felicity. Thero is no glass in the windows, but the frames are covered with very thin tissue paper. When a Chinaman is very swagger be becomes possessor of a cheap American clock. These alarum clocks have found their way into every city and town of the l.mpire. There is nothing the Celestial is so proud of as his alarum clock. If you taltke up a dozen photographs of Chinese you will see that they always have the little clock on their table at their elbow. Two of the largest forging presses which have ever been built are in use at the Obou choff Steel Works, St. Petersburg, and at the Dilligen Iron Works, at Dilllngen-on Psar, Germany. Each machine exerts a maximum pressure .of nearly 10,000 tons, and weighs 1360 tons. The four columns carrying the press are 40ft long, and weigh 150 tens, while the three bydraulic press "ylintlers, which, with the steel plates be tween which they are fixed, make up the upper crosshead, have a weight of about 330,0001b. The under block of the press has a weight of about 880,0001b, and the anvil plate weighs 220,0001b. The attachment of the under and the upper crosshead is effect ed by 16 nuts 14ft in diameter. Cumulus clouds, or "balls of cotton," as they are called by renlch sailors, rese?tle snowy alps when they are onely developed, hut are often seen floating in fleecy masses with their bases at about the same level. Accord;ng to Mohn, they are formed by as cending currents of moist air gettingehilled on reaching a certain altitude. They are commonest (says "Cassell's MIagazine" .in warm weather. uOne of the Berlin reviews nublishes a cal culation ori the number of leters distributed annually throughout he world. It gives the total as 12,000 millionsm. Of these, it says, 8000 millions are in English, 1200 mll lions in German, 1000 mllons in French, 220 millions in Italian, 120 millons in Spanish, 100 mlilons in Dutch, 80 millions In Rus alan, and 24 millions in Portuguese. The Anglo-Saxon is for the present very well in front. SGreat Britain's naval strength amourts to--Battleships, 08; cruisers, 175; tor pedo boats, 365; guns, 10,148; men, 105, 034. Instantaneous photographs of flying bul lets show that they push in front of them a buffer of compressed air, which is k strumental in fncreasing the force, of their blow. The common house fly Is said to.bepro vided with 16,000 eyes; that is to say, his two compound eyes have each 8000 facets. By this singular arrangement he is enabled to see in every direction, and to elude with great skill and success the many dangers that threaten his daily existence. Irrespective of the Basutos, there are close upon a million Pondos, Flngoes, Gri quas, and other natives, held in hand by a force of but 800 Cape Mounted Rifles in the eastern districts of Cape Colony. In China, when a man writes a letter, he does not drop it in the mall box, as we do hIerm, but tales it to a letter-shop, where he makes a bargain with the keeper of the shop to have it carried for him. It costs a great deal to have a letter carried, and not manuy people cap afford to write them. A man named Arthur Petit recently put an advertisement in the Marsellles paper asting for 150 volunteers to help the Boers. He demanded an Inscription. fee of 10f, and -decamped 'with tlh-e money.--M. Petit has been locked up for two months. President MI'Klnley has inptructed the American Ambassador at Paris to see that thd Sabbath Is observed as far as possible in the American section of the ParisExhlbi tion. 