Gossip. BY OUR LITTLE FRIEND. The discursive member thus began:—It is pleasing to notice the attention, that the wise utterances of the members of our club are attracting. I frequently hear euloguim or otherwise, (sometimes very much otherwise) passed upon the dicta of our desultory friend. The impressive member seems to have given satisfaction to everybody, especially parents. The didastic member amused. The fair sex, whose opinions are always so well worth hear- ing, say, that if they read nothing else, they read the poetry. And that reminds me of what happened lately. A young damsel of my acquaintance, when she is not playing "hell and top ropes" to use a nautical phrase, amuses herself and edifies her neighbors by singing hymns. I lately heard "I'd like to be with Daniel," " Oh for a Man—Oh for a Man—sion in the Skies." " Would you like to be There," sung in thrilling tones. And this last hymn brings me to my sub- ject. At a late frisky-frolic, or social, or whatever name you like to give it, the usual toast of the "Ladies" was given, and res- ponded to by one of the guests (Sekrap by name) : — He said, "I cannot tell the reason, but it seems that the individual generally called upon to reply to this toast is one who has very little to do with the fair sex, and though he well imagines what woman should be, he knows very about little what she is. The poet has sung— When hope like fading leaves depart. She shines an angel fair, For every pang that rends the heart Sweet woman has a tear. What more can I say in her favor. Intricate as may be the workings of her mind, she has a fellow feeling for us in our pain and anguish, and we manage to get there somehow or other in spite of all obstacles." (Loud and long continued cheering greeted the remarks of this inexperienced speaker, and with cheeks suf- fused with modest blushes he sat down. A ''how-do-you-do" street acquaintance told me he was about to give a lecture on talkers. Poor suffering man ! Do I not know the in- fliction? Have I not known the Yahoo stop me in the street, and ask me in his own Eng- lish to explain the difference between calculus and the philosophers stone? A prosy indi- vidual buttonheld me in the street lately, and asked me the difference between a hypocrite and a thief. Attend an election-meeting, a lecture, a social, a dinner party, and listen to the talkers. A multiplicity of words is con- sidered eloquence. There are many other things besides wine that drive out wit. A distinguished scientist, noted for his absent-mindedness, was hurrying with a friend to catch a train, when he stopped suddenly and explained, "There, I've come away and left my watch !" "Let's go back and get it," suggested his friend. " No I don't believe we shall have time," said the scientist, and he drew the lost watch from his pocket, looked carefully at the dial, counted the minutes, and added, "No, there won't be enough time." Then pressed on to the station, saying, "Oh, well, never mind, I suppose I can get along alright for one day without a watch." One of the small talkers of society met me the other day and looking wondrous wise said that he had something to tell me, I waited but nothing came. I pierced him with one eye, gimblet-fashion—said I, "My friend, it is not enough to look as if you knew a lot. The owl looks wise, but he never says anything worth hearing." I do not know whether he thought me a Salon, but my words caused him to vamoose. Philanthropby seems to be but a forlorn hope. Mr. Evans lectured on General Buller. The public were called upon to attend and by silver coin subscription show they appreciated the services of the Petersburg Band, given at all times gratiutously. When I saw the goodly parade of bonnets in the Town Hall, I knew that threepenny pieces would be plentiful. "Hoc et proeterea nihil." After a procession of volunteers headed by Lieut. Forgan and the Band, the Hall was reached, selections were played outside and the lecture commenced at eight o'clock. It is always a treat to hear Mr. Evans lecture. He did not excel himself, but he did justice to the condescension of the Mayor in occupying the chair. The proceed- ings inside were enlivened by orchestral music by members of the Band in a thorough pro- fessional-like manner. Miss Wallace occasionally on the piano, and songs from Messrs. Ellis, Chinner, and Rushton. Mr. Ellis's singing was a great treat. Who is there that hears him but has not the voice lingering on his ears long after the song has ceased. Mr. Lewis, in a few well-chosen words, thanked the chairman and the lecturer. Mr. Betteridge did ditto for the Band, and a pleasurable, and in some respects, profitable evening was brought to a close. We have a Literary Institute in connection with the Town Hall. We have close upon 2000 volumes which, from their neglected, dirty, and ragged appearance show that Petersburg and district must possess readers. Why then are matters so badly conducted? The illustrated English papers, that should have been on the table last Saturday, are con- spicuous by their absence Last week a "Critic" and " Quiz" have never been seen. I was told that some enterprising individual walked off with the Christmas number of "Town and Country" on the morning of its being placed on the table, but was found there in the evening. The library was supposed to have been open on Tuesday evening at 7.30 p.m. for delivery of books. The librarian pro. tem turned up about 8, subscribers had been kept waiting for half an hour. The librarian was asked for a certain book. He knew nothing about it. Where was the catalogue ? There was none. A new one was coming, like Christmas, but not so near. Who are the committee? Cannot they do something bet- ter than this for the half-crown per quarter paying public? Now old man, said a yawning, member, we have had enough talk. Give us " that piece of song, that old and antique song, we heard last night." Buy my flowers—O buy—I pray ! The blind girl comes from afar ; If the earth be as fair as I hear them say, These flowers her children are ! Do they her beauty keep ? They are fresh from her lap, I know; For I caught them fast asleep In her arms an hour ago. With the air which is her breath— Her soft and delicate breath— O'er them murmuring low ! On their lips her sweet kiss lingers yet. And their cheeks with her tender tears are wet, For she weeps—that gentle mother weeps, (As moon and night her watch she keeps. With a yearning heart and a passionate care) To see the young things grow so fair: She weeps—for love she weeps— From the well of a mother's love. Ye have a world of light Where love in the love rejoices : But the blind girl's home is the House of Night And its beings are empty voices. As one in the realm below I stand by the streams of woe : I hear the vain shadows glide, I feel their soft breath at my side. And I thirst the lov'd forms to see. And I stretch my fond arms around. And I catch but a shapeless sound. For the living are ghosts to me. Come buy—come buy— Hark—how the sweet things sigh. (For they have a voice like ours). The breath of the blind girl closess— We are tender, we sons of light. We shrink from this child of night; From the grasp of the blind girl free us We yearn for the eyes that see us— We are for night too gay. In your eyes we behold the day O buy—O buy the flowers The song ceased. Before it had commenced we had taken our chairs on to the verandah. The beautiful words, the beautiful music, the beautiful void of our discursive member, the beautiful stars of a beautiful sky on a beautiful night all helped to send us away thinking of poor Nydia the blind girl. The Evening Journal of the 12th, in commenting on Fay's performance in the Austral Wheel Race and the 10 mile race says:—We were all surprised at Fay not getting in, for on his training form he should have been placed. Private advices go to show that he had a hot heat, and was compelled to pace a mile by himself. This was due to the front men making it so lively from the start, and O'Callaghan won in record Austral time—4 min 26 3-5 secs. " It is said," writes the Australasian, " that Fay was backed to win £4,000, having been brought over from South Australia after months of careful training. His riding must have been disappointing to his sup- porters, for he seemed to be altogether without a bit of dash, and he failed to pick up the man only 20 yards in front of him." A correspondent writes that in the 10 mile race Fay rode splendidly, and with Tebbutt got a break of over half a lap on the field. " Had Tebbutt riden out," the letter con- tinues, " they would have overlapped the field. They were only caught after Morgan had ridden himself all out to bring the field up and then retired. 