IENPH MEONAL ISLTANDS. ("Evening Standard.") Since. its first discovery in 1889, Fal con Island, of the Tonga group, in the South Pacific, 'has played hide-and-seek from. its mysterious bed beneath the waves. With tantalising regularity it has belied the ocean charts by surrepti tiously swooping to its native deeps from the wondering ken of the puzzled mariner. It has been missing since 1898, and now it has emerged once more, in the form of a huge whale. This un Stable charactertistic of Falcon Island is one of the family of peculiar pheno mena which have been the fruitful core of many a. ghostly ocean legend, and': the foundation of natural fact on which. have been built interesting phases of the fairy lore of lake and sea. Those Will-o'4the-Wisp bits of ocean land have caused discomfiture to the mari ners of the gixteenth and seventeenth qenturies,. and the location of numbers of vanished islands have place in all or most of the maps of ,those periods. .As lat9 as the year 1700 an English ship returning from Newfoundland, near laIt. 50deg. north, discovered an island, hitherto unknown, which not only ap- peared fertile, but was covered with fields and woods, but hindered 'by a vio lent surf, .the boat's crew failed to secure & landing. So convinced were the cap tain and sailors of the reality of their discovery thalt ships were chartered in London to explore the island, but the search was fruitless-the fugitive land had again vanished. Like Falcon Island, it may have been a volcanic up heaval, a theory supported, perhaps, by the extreme agitation of the surround ing water. lit is a remarkable coinci dence that, since as early as the ninth century, there is a circumstantial record of the discovery of an island by Irish and Danish fishermen about the same place, midway between the coasts of Ireland and Newfoundland. From that period to tne fourteenth cen tury it was frequently seen by .the Eng lish and French fishermen and mariners, but it eluded ll their attempts to land on it-in fact, it was the sea-serpent sensation of those centuries. In Erse it was called Flath Innis, or the Noble Island; by the Anglo-Saxons, Icockane, or :the country in the waves; and by the Irish, French, and Spanish it was known as Brasil and Asomanda, or the Island of Ghosts. But so confident were the geographers of the sixteenth and seventeenith centuries of the presence of land in that particular spot of the Atlantic, that it is marked on the maps of the period. It may have been a volcanic part of the ocean bed, whose active period covered those early centuries till the seventeenth, when we have the latest circumstantial record of its appearance, 'or it may have been a Fata Morgana, such as that described by Commodore Byion in his voyage round the world, where he tells of a phantom island: in . high southern latitude with capes and mountains that deceived his most ex perienced mariners. But to come closer to facts, we find that among the most familiar wonders in phenomenal islands are those 'buoyant .lands that rise to .the water surface or sink to the bottom by', means of some hidden evolution 'of naitural law. One. of the most impor :tant. of' those aquatic .wdnders is, the floating island of the beautiful lake of 'Derwentwater.. It is situated in the south-east corner of thle lake, 'almost within the soud of the Falls of Lodore;' it neveir changes its location, but dives to the bottom or rises to the surface ac cording to the dictates of the mysteri ous law that moves it. In connection' with that curious island there is a sup plementary phenomenon called "the bot tom wind," a local subaqueous agitation th'at rudely ruffles the water at certain times in that particular' part of the lake. The periods of the rising of the island have .been irregular and uncertain; it has come to the surface in two successive years; at obbher times it has been" In hiding for seven or eight years, and theni made its appearance at the end of an exceptionally warm, dry season.'. Its figure and extent are variable; it some times comprises an acre, entirely covered with a sort of peat moss vegetation. It appeared in the first year of the cen tury, and then sank for eight years, when it rose to the surface for three months, and then vanished till 1813; when it again paid a six weeks' visit and returned to its bed till 1815; then ex periments proved that it was charged With a mixed gas of nitrogen, carburet ted hydrogen, and carbolic acid, hence it.was surmised that the formation -of this gas in greater or lesser quantity determined the gravity or buoyancy of this curious island. Phenomena of this kind are familiar objects in Cumber land, for in Esthwaite Lake a natural floating island has been used as a ferry capable of holding 15 persons. 