% fe'i; :6dBRBOTOin3ENOHf|li if f " iFRYERSTOWN GHOST. - "p| fe SiB,'— A veritablo active, visible and ' disapT pearing ghost, fulfilling' all the old traditions of-' the ghostal family. What the people here have dime to bring about such a visitation has caused many thoughtful persons to think hard, nnd to hark back to the palmy days of Murderiri'g. -Flat; and Choke 'em Flat to find if possible any trace of unlawful blood shedding. True, there stands ,iri history how in one.sbaft.an.ld six chamber; 'was 'found, and ,in another ia quantity of bones; .but , in .what? form? the.- -.original body took— whether of ...man. i or briite — the knowledge ...of these, -early '.explorers ;.h«,vo.. been-, quitej;sile'rit.; The fact; is wo have, the ghost, and if report-be rue, rind who dare:say it is false, ho, she,- or.it is just about.as pranky a ghost as this world.has ever.'-beeri troubled with, forrio jump on a man's hack,. and that man! a miner whose nerves.aro made' strong by his' lonely' work hi1 the' bowels of the earth, and . just ris; the assailed gets in . fight- "ing form, the intruder has'goiie out of reach of human vision. lj Only , the; last ?". evening . this strango visitor t-iok'up' a' singular watchful posi- jtiori'on a door stop, and several sturdy young fell.ows, -brave, and.as full- of courago as any of their. companions, -who havo done such deeds of bravery in South Africa, and full of expectation saw .on .the .door step of a public, building, the object of tlieirwatching,- rushing to catch their prize, wlien-loj- and in three bounds 300 yards measured between the pursuers' and pursued.' -Now the. question, arises in my mind if this ghost is 'a 'oatchablo one, for I have always a reverential regard for the remains of those pi -noars who, in the early fifties, were buried in the first burial — i i. i.i.: t it. _ PL: u .it . ii J gruunu juau dbiiiuu uiu oiiilo ndif-auiiio ruucii up iii their blankets and some in sheets; of bark, :and whose graves hsve been violated-by tho dig- ger' for u few grains of gold, evou to the scramh:. ling among. The loose bonos, and in some -cases driving 'under their' sleeping' remriinR. What tvonder if there sliduld be retribut ion and strange visitations for such deeds of vandalism. , G. L..OARTER Fryerstown, 27, | 11 j 1900. .: 