0UAOK1ERY. But vt≪ lii§ tovQA nti on* AalwJthtUeTerliMngelMl ,( Bat all mtm'a nnspov tt-e jsolc?' FsoMthe 'temperance' 8ettlomentfl| Mildura no legs man 15 tons of returned empty bottles formed portion of the cargo of the steamer Australian recently. They had not been used for ginger beer, or raspberry vinegar either. The Omltboloiioal Soolety ran a very satisfying showof bird lite and variations during the week, The Smtffb Is only sorry that spwe will not permit a golop tione dafofipilon and nottoe ot prire winners, who, in almort every disfauipe, deserved the ww*rds of their ?rtlstiopr- Bitholoifioalottlture. .: A tun «lring the name «f Thoma* Brown irw charged at . Eortunburra (Viotorto) JajHwek irtar* imfo* Msault on a girl 10 intmttBrta, «»e daughter of a local Uborer, T*e »ftt ««r was only reported to the polios after an ejcaminatlon of the child by a doctor some weeks after the alleged Msault. Accused, who was committed for trial relies upon proving an alibi. Rtmii.1,, the great Western nun now in Hobart trying to rescue tbe posi tion, is the antiseptlo to too much Haroourt Palmer. Palmer bluster*, and big speech savors of thB smoke room and third oluss bar-parlor. RymiU is gentlemanly, eavors of snooaas and moderate enjovment ot the good things of this life. He would look well behind tbe ohuroh plate, and oonld de liver -i fatherly laoture to any unlucky youth upon the f oliy ot gambling | at the same time he oonldn't himself tolerate life without the stock exohange. He looks a philanthropUt, bnt his vulpine beak is ominonsi M-d he would, it he could, bite very hud. At this time he would like to bite Patterson amd Bat*. All the invalids returned in the Karamea look a bit battered, but gene rally fit. Only a very few are still partly incapacitated. The men all agreed with remarkable unanimity on certain things. Firatof all, they swear to a man that in comparably the ablest Boer general is DeWet. Seeondly.theyallspeakheartily of British valour, and all join in Himifag the 10th Hussars— for reasons freely stated. Thirdly they all admire the British army, and aU most strenuously curse the Amy Pay Department. Some of the men landed without ft half penny in their pockets, although large arrears of Imperial pay are due to them. One man tells how he got thirteen shillings in hand cash from January up till March j another had had two pounds during tbe whole campaign t and so on. They ad mire Tommy Atkins— particularly as a ' forager.' Tommy afield, thoy say, will 'appropriate' anything, from a box of sardines to the roof of a Dutch farm. All of this is dead oontraryto regula tions, but — a man must live, and Tommy knows the rones. They speak with en thusiasm of the valour of the Guards— against whom, according to these Aus tralians, the epithet of 'drawing-room soldiers ' can never be oast again. 'The marching of the Guards,' said one Vio torian, 'is unique and magnificent Once get 'em goin' and nothing short of hell oan stop 'em.' On the whole, they are a fine and sturdy set of fellows, the re turned Australians. While The Cmppjsb is going to press the Town Hail is crowded with excited citizens wanting to make a horrible example of Patterson, wbo insists upon playing for his own pocket. At this ime he carries his cards up his sleeve ; but when he chooses to play them this prophetic paper thinks he can win, as, after aU, the people of Hobart are heartily sick of the Palmer-Rymell push, who are 'scabby' with bad luck and financial fooling. The Clipper never admired Patterson, but it is possible for him to capture the popular kopje now occupied by the Railway Leaguers and other interested folk favour to floor life in to a dead donkey. That the G. W.R. Bills are not worth the paper they are printed on and will be defeated by two or three votes, is now acknowledged by the most optimistic railway member. With the RymeU-Palmer syndicate out of the way, Hobart will be able to demand im mediate construction by the State of the G. W. Railway, and if it isn't done the next best thing is to put up one's shutters. Tub officers of the Poet and Telegraph Department naturally feel somewhat ap prehensive regarding the fate which awaits them, now that the time is draw ing nigh for their transfer to the tender care of their future masters — the Federal Government. Unionism is a character istic feature of Post and Telegraphers the world over, and it is refreshing to find that the bump in that direction is developed, even in Tasmania. On last Saturday evening the locals met in over whelming numbers, and, without any humming and ha-ing, decided to form a Post and Telegraph Society in Tasmania, the membership for which is to be exten ded to every officer of the Department, irrespective of the fact as to whether he wields a pen, pick, shovel, broom, or any other instrument of torture. For which democratic spirit this refined journal ap plauds. The society purposes joining hands with the kindred societies of New South Wales, Victoria, South Australia, and Queensland. Such a combination, judiciously handled, should be a power in the land for the workers interested. The locals are receiving the generous sym pathy of their chiefs in the matter, and all honor to them for it. In Berlin the firemen wear water jackets with a double skin, which they are able to fill with Water from the hose. If the space between the two layers becomes over-filled tile water escapes through a valve at the top of the hel met and flows down over the firemen like a oaaoade, protecting him doubly. The smoke-helmets largely used in Ger many, Austria, Holland, and Italy, enable the bea- -* to breathe and see at hie ease in a smoke-laden atmosphere. In some instances the apparatus includes a means of telephonlo communication with the street below, Last sfonday night the Tailors' Union held a smoke joUlloation at the Work Ingmen's Club. Members furnished a bright programme of good songs and music, and a good time.wafa»j)juit! Pdbt several of tfce ojloera ffl[ this tTOgrefife; trade body; and adrfftoated i% offly £ taalous conservation of the workers' in toresta, but -also -«MWSB9ft !!«j«™* J» do good -work In thstr respective shons. Mr. Jaa. Paton, by request proposed the toast of ??Unionism,' which was re sponded to with cheers. The Tailors' Union shows splendid progress lor its first twelve months, and is thoroughly representative of the best elements of The -four-innt*d British barque, SwanhUda, Captain Donald Fraser, has nst arrived at 8»n Fmnoiso, from Oaleta juena, with 9600 tons of nitre. It was on the Bwanhllda that Frank Butler, the Auatralian*nu-4erer,shipp»das able sea man «t Newcastle, th» day following the dlwoveryftathB was the assassin. Bvgr since the 6w«t-htl8a hat been known u ?? a Hoodoo' ship and a sutoide ooourred on the voyage just completed, A young man, tlman Albert, a native of lful£ taunted by his shipmates on aooonnt of his poor seamanship, grew morose, and after dancing a jig for the Mnumrienl; ot his shipmate*, threw over boards bnlwark ladder sad jumpod with a wild yell from the bow. His sbriekt were heard for * while, tint be w«s sever wen again. At this time a male 'ehost'? is said to be ambulant round suburban Hobart. Unfortunately The Cmfpeb's spaoial spook correspondent has been unable to secure an interview and learn his ghostship's troubles, which must be seri ous, otherwise he would not walk abroad these beastly cold nights. Under the circumstances this reliable journal must refuse to vouch for the shade's verity, although it hears of funny things hap pening in ghostly neighborhoods. The other yiiglifr. an unimaginative lawyer wanted to find a friendly client, and he stopped some ladies to ascertain his residential whereabouts. One lady smothered a scream and ran, Hie other dodged round the lawyer's eoattails and fled after her friend, leaving a short emooked infant, trembling in her shoes, to answer questions, which she did. Ano ther man narrowly escaped a poke from the 'husband-beater' of an hysterical but vigorous female. He swears that he will henceforth never again wear a mac intosh, as lower down the same street a small boy raised the cry of ' The ghost 1' and a man sooled a big dog after him. Quite a host of frightened women barri cade their doors after nightfall, and won't move out, even though Master Thomas Eat be threatening the hen roost. The other night alter cm early household had retired, a knock at the front door aroused the best man ot the house ^the missus). She immediately armed herself with a very useful article of furniture, not necessarily named in polite society, and took up a strong posi tion on the balcony, for recognisance. Fortunately she recognised in time that the door-tapper was a belated telegraph messenger. He never knew the dangers he escaped ; bnt unlesB the ghostly ten sion is relieved something serious is cer tain to happen. 