THE JUDGE'S SUMMING UP, , . Sydnky, December 13. The Conirlgham divorce case is now within measurable distance of the end. Mr. Want finished his address to the jury about half-past II o'clock, when Mr Coningham commenced. In the course of his address he pointed out how he had had to fight the case alone against the ablest counsel, in the world, and surrounded by others who had myrmidons to dp iheir bidding. Referring to 'his wife, he said: 'I met her in 1890, and courted her for three, years. I found no 'blemish whatever. She wanted to tell me of her p.ist, but I did not Want id knew it. I found her conscientious and lute, 'and she continued so till fate threw her into the clutches ef one of a religious training,' who worked he web aruund her till he took her .affection from ' me,' and robbed her of her mother's I highest honour, her children of their good name,: and me of her love and and affection ,- and left me what I am how. She fell, And went to her father confessor,' Father Fauhy, and he absolved her frem thai sin. ? She tried ta hide her shame, and hid it. Only one man and woman knew of it besides the father of the child, and that woman came 750 mile lo tell of what occurred all. these years ago, assisted byher father confessor, who was in Sydney, for he (pelilioner) had seen him. Why did they not call Father Fouhy? Because if he had entered the box and told what the girl confessed to him what would the world have thought? They dared not put him' there. He, as her husband, knew of-'he child for the first time as he sat at tVtc court lable. He had noi wanted to know, perhaps he had suspected something, but he was satis fied with her as he found her.' The pelilioner was nearing the end of nis address when the court adjourned for luncheon. Resuming his address, Mr Coningham stated, with regard to the damages claimed, that he did not want lo touch a penny , of whatever the jury might give him. He did not want the filthy stuff. It was bis chil dren he waj lighting ' for. In concluding, de remarktd that there was a passage in ' Horace' to the effect lhat ' pjnishment, though -slow afoot, seldom failed to over take the guilty,' and this case should prove theaccuracy of the assertion. THE JUDGE'S SUMMING UP. Justice Simpson commenced summing up at a quarter to 3 o'clock. He pointed oul that, though it might seem strange, it was quite open to the jury lofind against the respondent (Mrs Ceningham) on the issue of adultery, but still not against the co-respondent. ?'Never since he had been in the Divorce Court laad he presided over a 'case in which a repoHdent, the guiliy. woman, had been called as a witness and admitted her adultery to try to prove adultery against the co-respondent.' .If in this case the jury.conscieniiousl) believed (he f respondent 'to be' a, wilness of truth, they should find a ver dict- in favor of. the petitioner; even if the re- . spondent stood, alone and ; absolutely unsup .pcirted- . ?' The evidence of; one witness, if ac cepied as'' truejVmijst carry) hior'e i weight than thatof tweBty orthirty on the other side whose -testimony .seemed1: open}, to doubt. The jury did riot ^require to be -absolutely certain of ihe '.gnilt! of the respondent and ,the core spondent, ; because that 'woiild- be impossible without ocular proof.'. The 7: law merely re quired ? lhat , th'e jurorsiAexercising .ihe facul ties Gad had given ihcnyjshould as reason able men- ! feel satisfied of* the guilt of the accused, , In this case he ' thought it would be impossible for them' to find against 'the', respondent without; also finding against; the' co-respondent. '? v'll/wouldjbe.just as serious far the correspondent'if they found 'against him. Theiquestion had been: raised as .to ) absolution' by- the Church, and there was : no.i doubt, if what the petitioner-said, was! tr«e, ! and' if there .was such a doctrine in tlie Church of Rome,' it was most dreadful. Cuuld, they believe that in any ^Church there could be a doctrine by which a man. could commit adultery . on Monday, confess' and 'receive.' absolution 'on;. Fridajy andilhen! go into the witness-box .'and swear that !,he had never committed adultery at all,, because he had been absolved. And yet that '.was what the petitioner said was the doctrine.; The jury would -.remember that Father Creegaii brought : his own little Bible to' be sworn oi\\. while Cardinal Moran, Dr. O'Harari; . and Father Byrne kissed the Protestant Bibje; Still, Dr. .O'Haran said the latter oath was - binding on his conscience, alth'ough'-a'.Oathblic'.' Bible would have been preferred. . , Father Creegari y/as .asked' whether; after absolution, . it was considered that there had been no sin, and the witness' said 'No,' hut.'.! that was hardly consistent with Dr. . O'Haran's state ment. The ' co-respondent sa,id that, if a man got absolution in the Church of Ronie, and the sin was forgiven, il was wiped outy; 'Though your sins be as scarlet they shall be white as snow.' . But between the Protestant and Roman Catholic Churches there was, in the estimation of some people, a difference on the question of absolution by the priest. If they read the passages in the English Prayer, book: for the visitation of the sick they would see that if the sick man was moved to make confession Ihe priest was to say, ' I absolve thee from all thy sins, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost.' Having quoted % from the evidence concerning the doctrine of the Church of Rome as to the forgiveness of sins, his Honor asked if there was anything wrong with that ? Was it not the doctrine of Christianity? If sin were for given it was blotted out, of course It would , be a dreadful thing if God forgave a sin and it was not so, . 