THE MEfflf OF THE DARK HOUSE PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. 3 Bar Author of "Peg the Rake," "Kitty tho Rag," "Two Bad Blue Eyes," "A Woman In It," -' "Darby and Joan," "The. Grinding Mills of God," "A Daughter ol the People." "A' Husband of No Importance," &c.;, &c.; J EOPYRIGHT. ' CHAPTER- XXXV II.— (Cent inueil,) « . I found 'Ruth waiting for me. We both wore cloaks, with hoods drawn over our heads. We both carried In our hands a small basket of hemtjseed. " Noiselessly we crept out Into the garden, and up. the winding path, and so Into the high road, stretching white anil clear, under the moonlight, to the town of Penzance. It was quite empty of human figure, or liv ing object. "Ruth," I said, "we will walk on. say twenty paces, then turn, and scatter the hempseed behind -us." But she objected that we must not be to gether. So 1 left her at the twenty paces and went' on further myself for some twenty or thirty more. Just where I paused a group of beoch trees, ancient and tall, , threw a shadow over the white road. I turned hastily. At the same moment the stillness wus broken by the sound of footsteps approaching front behind, and n voice hailed me. Now what foolishness overcame me at that moment 1 cannot tell, but down fell my bas ket, and I ilew like one possessed over the white road, reaching Ruth lu a moment and dragging her with mo down the narrow ellft path that led to the back entrance of the hotise, , We had left the gute open, and through It we Hew, fast as feet could carry us", slamming the door behind and turning the key In -the lock. There we stood a moment to regain breath, trembling aud panting, and Ruth, for one, ready to faint with terror. "Who was It?" she gasped. "I don't know," I said. "I never waited, to see." , "Hush!" she cried. "He do be a-foolln' 'ce. O Lord! O Lord! Whatlver Bhall us do?" I clapped my hand to her mouth and lis tened. Sure enough footsteps were coming down the glen. Quick, linn footsteps— those of a young man, without doubt. We were too frightened to move. We held each other by the arm and listened. The footsteps stopped at the gate, and a loud knocking began. Ruth, little fool, drop ped on her knees. I, regaining courage and knowing the gate was strong, demanded who wus there. "A belated traveller," said a voice — and what wus in Its tones that should thrill me, and set my heart beating so wildly? "My carriage broke down midway between Penzance and here, or I should have reached the place hours ago. Are the family all gone to rest for the night?" "Suy 'yes,' " I cried Imperatively In Ruth s oar. "1 know who the gentleman. Is." She staggered to her feet. "It be no ghalst, miss, then?" "Ghost — no. It Is a friend. He must be admitted. I'll slip upstairs. You let him In, and I will waken my mother." i "I can't e'en daur to open the gate," she cried below her breath. "Nonsense!" I said, und shook her sharply. "You must wait until I reach the kitchen door, and then turn the key." She rose to her feet, aud i sped silently over the grass, reached the kliehen, and flew up stairs. 1 knocked at my mother's door, telling her I bad heard someone at the gate — a traveller who had been on his way .to see us" nnd met with an accident. She bade me go down as soon as I was dressed, and she would follow. I returned to my room 'to await Ruth's sum mons. It would never do to confess myself one of the foolish maids he had pursued. Ho must' only; think It was the servants. What should the mistress of Penharva be doing at midnight, working midsummer charms- on the high. road. ;; Pale and demure In/my- black gown, I went down into the. small /parlour my mother and I used for meals, some quarter of an hour af ter Ruth had summoned me. He was sitting by -the open window, looking out at the mystic whiteness of the moonlit garden. He— I had1, no need to name him. My heart had done that at the ilrst sound of his voice. He rose. I saw then how changed he was in theBe three years. His tace was lined and pale. His eyes had lost their brightness and grown dull und lustreless. He wore a mous- taohe and short pointed beard, which gu>v,e him the look of one of Hie RoyallstB In our picture gallery, and was- quite an unknown, fashion In our part of the- world. "1— I can hardly flatter myself that you re member me, Miss Penharra," he said. "And what must you think of my disturbing your household at this untimely hour! BuVmy carriage broke down mfidway between Pen zance and here, or I /should have arrived hours ago." "I remember you verywell, I said. He looked at me earnestly. "You have changed since I saw you, last, but the chauge Is only to your, advantages," he sold. I drew my hand away 'from his, and blush ing asked him/ to be'.seutled. I tried to cdnqueri my" foolish - confusion, to talk naturally, but it was strangely difficult. I welcomed the appearance of Ruth- with a tray of refreshment and. a Jug of elder. She was speedily- followed by- my mother, who did the duties of hostess In her own kind simple fasliibn.-' ' ' Then he told ma of London, and Its gay, doings, and spoke touchlngly of our be reavement, - of . -which i he ;lia!d heard from Cousin- John. - I wondered what business had brought him to our out-of-the-world dwelling, but he did not explain, saying only that he would but trespass on our hospitality the mat ter of two or three days. I spoke -very little. It wps pleasure enough to listen- I noted, though, that. when my mo ther told him the house and everything at Penharva was mine, he looked at me with a new attention, and after that was somewhat silent. .. When he had finished his Bupper, my mother herself showed him to his room. I lingered to give some orders to Ruth, who came In to remove the tray. "Remember," I said„presslng hard her. arm. "Not a word of who was with you on, this night's foolish business, to anyone." She promised faithfully, and I went to my own bed chamber. It was flooded- with moonlight. I needed no candle to undress. As I stood and looked at \- all the familiar things around me. beautified now by this silver flame that poured In from the open window, my eyes rested on the por trait. I started. It seemed for a moment as If It looked at me with strange earnestness, ; with something of warning— as if it fain would 1 speak. A great fear overcame me. I seized the matches and lit my candles quickly, then drew dewn the blind. . . Truly Imagination plays us strange . tricks 'at times. - .. CHAPTER XXXVIII. June 30th.— The two or three days have lapsed into a week, and lie is still here.- ,We are much together. We l-ide, and snll'lm-the boy, and loiter In' the garden and the , glen, We are great 1'i-lends, und I have lost my shyness with him. He professes himself lit love with our country ways, and the beauty of the coast, and tills quaint dwelllng-liouse. He has explored It from garret to busement with the strangest interest. I showed him the secret Stair, and he Is now keen on dis covering the outlet. He thinks it is in some other portion of the house; but among ull the deeds and papers and plans relating to Benharva we have found 110 clue. July 2nd.— My mother has been sick the last lew days, and kept her room, So lie und I have been much thrown together. He speaks now of leaving. But speaks always with regret and sadness of voice, as though his heart was not with the intention. Yet what charm can there be here to keep a line London gentleman content! July 4th.— I am In a terrible fright. To no living soul dare I speak of what happened to -day. But I shall write it here for my own satisfaction. I was sitting alone In my room this after noon. not caring to go out of doors In the great heat, when It seemed to me there came a tapping at the wall In the direction of the portrait. ; I, .was startled, then fidglitened. I made 'no movement, only sat -still, and gazed like one dumb with fear nnd expectation. The noise ceased, then there was a groping and scraping as of a hand seeking somewhat. Too terrified almost to breathe, I watched the portrait move, the panel sink back and a face look at me through the opening. Then I screamed as one distraught. A voice cried to me entreatingly to have no fear, and as I saw to whom face and voice belonged. I rose, pale and angry and amazed. "A thousand pardons," he cried. "You ; gave me leave to find the outlet, If I could, and I have done so. I came to a dead stop here, so tried the wall. Have I frightened you?" "You have Indeed," I said, trembling still. "May I come in and ask pardon?" "No, no," I said, hastily. "You did not know, of course," Aud curiosity overcoming- terror I approached and looked down the se cret passage. He had a lantern in his hand, and showed me how it winded and twisted into the darkness below. "There is but room for one," he said. "Are you afraid to venture before or after me." "I am afraid of rats, and vermin," I said, "Besides, the stair has no Interest for me. I am not likely to use It." "It Is plain," he said, "that country morals are unlike those of town ladies. Tills would be found mighty useful by some 'of them." I told him it was very venturesome of him to have come thither, not knowing whence the stair might have led, and 'he answered— no matter what. Fine phrases doubtless come easy to town folkB. .' . . For long he stay ed there talking, and as my eyes grew accus tomed to the gloom I saw what seemed a small chest or case standing on a shelf Just above his head. I drew his attention to It, and he put up his hand, and drew It down. It proved to be an iron box,:-w!th a 'strong lock, and was of great weight. Full'of curiosity to see Its con tents, I made him bring It within ' my room. Just as we were examining it, I heard my mother's voice calling from her's. , He seized my hand. "Say nothing of this, I implore," he whispered! "What would she tlilnk If she found' me h,ere!" I nodded acquiescence, and withdrew, leav ing him there with the box. My mother detained me some time. When I was free to return to my room again I found It deserted. The box stood In the same place, and the panel was closed, but on the table was a sheet of paper addressed- to me. It- said: "Dear Miss Penharva, — The lid was Ill-se cure, d. I leave ypu to examine it at your lei sure. Do not, I entreat you, fear that I shall make any use of this knowledge, and keep It a secret I beseech you. I will show you' the other entrance whenevei-.you desire." I put the paper in my poelcet, and turned my attention to the box. The lid opened easily, somewhat to, my surprise. I knelt down to see what treasure had been so carefully hid den. Tliere were some old silver llugons with the Penharva crest, some fragments of lace, yellow and torn, and a miniature or two set In gold. "No great treasure after all," I thought. \- I closed the lid, and stooped to push the box aside into a corner of the room. Remember ing its great weight, I put- forth all my strength. To my surprise It moved with ease now. As I pushed It. I noted a slip of paper lying on the floor. It was yellow with age, and the writing faded, and almost Illegible, I took It to the light of the window, and made out that It wus a list of the contents of this said box or chest, us' It was called-, bearing the date, of 1G50, and purporting to be an ac count of the hidden wealth of one Humfrey Penharva, secreted here for fear of discovery on the part of Cromwell's Ironsides. 1 read the list as well as I could. Amaze- ment'held me motionless. There should have been bags of gold pieces, bars of silver, melt ed down Into this form for security, coins and gold pieces, and jewels and rich plate. Whore had it all vanlislied? Certainly the present contents of the box did not in any way cor respond .with the list I held In my hand. "Someone must have helped themselves to this treasure," -I said to myself. I glanced round. : Someone — But It is so old. ' Generations of Fenharvas have lived and died since flrst It was placed in that secret cupboard. I crossed the room slowly, the. list In my hand. I had Intended to replace It in the box. but some stronger feeling seemed to counsel me not to do so. As I stood halting between two opinions, I glanced up. The portrait was in Its accus tomed place now. The eyes looked. down at me. Was it fancy, or did some stronger light gleam in them? Triumph; the triumph of one who has foreseen or warned, and finds i that foresight was prophetic, and the warn ing has been verified. A sudden anger swept over me. (I grow fanciful und foolish lm this chamber of mine. 1 must light this lee of superstition, or change my room for one less uncanny ami historical). Meanwhile I looked away the list in a drawer of my bureau, and went downstairs to the purlour. Midnight. My mother came do win. to supper this evening. ' She looked ill and weak, and I was much concerned about her. She ate scarcely anything, nor did she seem able to Join In our conversation. lie, too, was more Silent than his want. We said nothing of our discovery that afternoon, and it surprised me when he told my mother, formally that Important business called him to London next day, and he muse bid us fare- - well. I tried to betray ho emotion. I fear I ' did' not succeed.' It came to me as a shock, tho feeling his words aroused. For a mo ment his eyes met mine, and they seemed full of sorrow nnd regret. A blush of lire stole to my face — it seemed as If the world had grown suddenly old and sad. I loft the room hurriedly, saying I would give the orders for the conveyance" of his luggage and himself to Fenzoince. there to meet the coach. He rose to open the door. "Meet me In the -garden in lialf-an-hour's time," he whispered," I must speak to you. My heart throbbed; my brain seemed In, a whirl of contusion. I made no answer, but the pressure, of his hand on- mine sent the blood to my face once more. I hurried awny, nnd told the servants of the necessary duties for the morning depar ture, and then assisted my mother to her room, -and left her in charge of her faithful old maid who was Ruth Chirgwyn's mother, and had been in our family since her widow- hood. I went downstairs, and saw that the house was shut up for the night, and the windows closed, all save those belonging to the sum mer parlour as we called it. -These opened on to the old stone verandah, and led from llienco to the lawn and garden. In half an hour's time the house had grown silent. The light from my mother's room and that from the parlour where I sat were the only lights in Its whole dark frontage. „ 1 waited a few moments, then moved over to tho window, and from thence crossed the soft grass, and turned into the shrubbery be yond. He waB there. (TO UK CONTINUED.) 