fales of the Weird and the Wonderful. " ' . robmsbed by mxoul abbak<1eheht.- RICHARD MARSH, Author of - "Tho Bcetlo: aMystary," " In FullCry," "Frivolities," " Tho Crime and the Criminal," "Marvels and Mystories," &o-;, &o.; , - . COPYmOKT-l A DOUBLE-A/lllMDED GENTLEMAN. complete in two 1n8talmbnts. CHAPTER I; ke«& A A ICE peo- j \f pie those -J If Groomes." sSsP A Dawson had driven mo over to the atatiou, und was staying to son mo off. I mado this remark to him as wo were stand- ing on the platform waiting for the train. "Tfiey are." He paused to give a vigor ous puff or two ut his pipo. "Nice people of the good old sort. Old Groorao's a trump. He's not — well, ho's not fra de siecle, you know, and all that humbug ; for it is humbug, most of it. Ho pats on no side. He makes no pretension to be what he isn't. I don't say that ho's cither literary, musical, or artistic, although most \- - people seem bound to at any rate protend to bo t either one or the other nowadays. He's not aswellin anysonse, and, what's more, hokuows he isn't; but he's a homely,' honest, hearty, hospitable English country gentleman, that's what old Groorae is, sir. And wheu you come to think of it I don't believe you'll find that a . man can bo anything much better." As the train boro mo onwards, in my own mind I heartily endorsed thoso words of Dawson's. Olid Groomo — as Phil Dawson rather irreverently called him— had done not a littlo to make my stay with Phil, in his bachelor's quarters, tho pleasuntest visit I had ever paid .anywhere to anyone. It is, perhaps, immaterial to mention that a Miss Groome — » Miss Nora Groome, tho second daughter— had had something to dn with so desirable a consummation. But it was at least a comfort to know that she had so satisfactory a father. No, not in any sense a genius. A little stolid. A little heavy in hand, perhaps. Even curiously simple on a certain side of him ; yet, for all that, as Phil had said, a homely, honest, hearty, hospit able country gentlemau. And so extremely friendly, too, to a forlorn young.bachelor, who still—and very much still— had his way to make, and all the world in front of him to mako it in. Then, all the rest of the way to town, I thought of Nora. Four or fivo nights .after my return to my own quarters I dropped into a conversazione at the Apollo. The place was crowded. A conversazione at tho Apollo Club means music. You. generally hear somebody new who is worth hearing,' or who wishes the world to think that lie or she is worth hear ing. That night, however, thero was not anyono particularly striking. Tho. wholo affair to me seemed dull. Perhaps that wus to some extent because Gwendolen Martini — as she called herself — fastened herself on to me like a burr, and mentally I was institut ing unfavourable comparisons between her and someone else who was not thero — which was, no doubt unfair to Miss Martini, who is both a clever and a pretty girl. But then ro many girls aro pretty and clcvcr nowadays —and nothing more. At last I found myself in next- door neigh bourhood to Stephen Ben.sberg. Bensberg is au extraordinary man — one of tho new kind of soicntific doctors, with theories, and his oyes fixed, so to speak, on tbe next century but one. Among other thiugs, he is a musician, a fair performer on more than one instrument, and a keen erilic — one of those critics who, in a composition or an artist, aro always, as it were, looking for something ' which others cannot sec. "Anything worth staying for?" I in quired, "when I saw that he was at my elbow. " There is. A mau named Goad." "Goad! Who's he?" 41 That I have not yet made up my mind about." Something struck mo in his tono. " What do you mean ? " " I have not yet mado up my mind if ho is a genius or — something else." He stopped i as if hesitating. "But he is at least worth staying for. As a pianist ho is, I fancy, original." Is ho a new importation from the Father land?" Bensberg smiled. "No, be is English, although it was I who , discovered him. Ho occupies rooms over those of a friend of mine. Ono day I wus with my friend. I heard someone overhead. I took the liberty to listen. I took tbo further liberty to intrude upon his privacy, and to introduce myself to the performer. It was Goad. Here ho is. You will be ablo to judge for yourself if he is worth staying for." "Hullo!" I cried. "There is a friend of mine. What on earth is he doing here?" Out of the centre of tho parting crowd there appeared, in front of us, Nora's father. He appeared to be ulone. I oust us searching a glance as possible towards" tho part of tho room from which lie had come. But, so far as I could perceive, no other fnmiliurfuco was with him. I should lis soon have expected to see old Groorae, "all by himself," ut tho Apollo Olub, as, say, ut a Fleet-street bar. I felt that Bcnsberg's eyes were on me — as if my surprise had communicated itself to birn. "You know him. thou?" "Know him ? Know whom ?" "Goad. That is Goad." " Goad !" Bensberg was pointing to old Groome. I supposed that he was poking fUD at me. But, to ray unutterable amuzomcut, old Groomo was calmly ascending tho dais, at the end of the room. And not only ascending the dais, but, advancing to the1 piano, he seated him self at the keyboard. It is no figure of speech to say thut I wus dumbfounded. Old Grooms a x>ianist ot a calibro to make his appear ance boforo tho hypercritical cognoscenti of the Apollo Club. It was old Groomo, thero could be no doubt about that. And yet, in his simple-mindedness, I had heard him de clare, with my owu curs, that he did not kuow one note of music from another. And I had cordially believed him— he was just that sort of muu. A hush camo over the chattering throng, and old Groomo began to play. We havo all of us road iu fiotioh — out of it, for a mutter of that — hyfltcricuily exaggerated accounts of wonderful musicul performances. Thnt word 1 4 wonderful ' ' was tho only word which oouid ho properly applied to old Groome's perform ance then. Slurio? Well, it was a music — of a kind, though it was certainly the queerest music I had ever heard. Tho piece lie played was, not by auy recognised com poser; it was not even in tho stylo of any recognised composer. To tell tho truth, I am not suro that in a musical sense it was not nonsense ; but, played us be played it then, it affected mo iu a way in whioh I would rather thnt music, or anything else, did not affect mo. It made mo lose my mental balance. As bo pluyed, old Groomo grew moro and more excited, and in somo strange fashion lie managed to convoy his own oxcitoment to his audience. Utu was not tlio stereotyped excitement ot tho ordinary great piauist —of a typo ' wo know so woll. That is generally confined — vory much confined — to tho performer at tho instrument. This was communicated to tho folk in front. It affected mo. :I fanoy it affected Bensberg. And when old Groomo ceased pluyiug thero ensued that silence which is moro eloquent than applause, . and it was only after a moment or two thut a dm began which was simply deafoiiing. , Bensberg turned to mo amidst tho tumult. 44 What do you think of it?" 44 1 don't know what to think." 44 Did I not tell you ?" Charging into tne crowd I reached the dais just as old Groome was coming down the steps. I held out my hand to him.; 44 Mr. Groome !" I cried. He looked at mc — but that was all. Not- the slightest glimmer of recognition flitted across his countenance. 44 Sir ?" he said. "Surely, Mv. Groome, you have not for gotten me already ? " He paid not the slightest attention to my outstretched hand. Ho - looked straight past 44 Ah, Bensberg," bo observed, in the most placid tones imaginable— tho placid tones I had learned to know so well— it seemed that Bensberg had followed at uiy heels— 44 what did you think of it? That was a dream I had last night — a nightmare." ,4So I should imagiue." Bensberg's tones were dry. He looked from Groomo to mc — aud from ino to Groome. In my bewilderment I made a further claim for recognition from Nora's father. 44 Mr. Groome, what have I douc that you should havo so soon forgo tton mo? " 44 Forgotten you?" Ho looked at mo quietly, yet intently,' as if I wero a perfect stranger. But it was old Groome. It was impossible— out of tho stories— that thoro could be in existence two men so much alike. Though when I observed bira closely I per ceived that in his eyes thero was a new light and fire— I had almost written, a new intelli gence. 44 1 am not in tho habit, sir, of for getting anyone. Groome is not my name. I am Isaac Goad." Bensberg interposed. Ho laid his hand upon my arm. 44 1 fancied, just now, that you might be mistaken in your recognition of Mr. Goad. Goad, let me introduce to you my friend, who iB also a musician — Mr. Attree." - Old Grtfome— or Mr. Goad— favoured mo with an old- fashioned little bow. It was old Groomo to tho life. 44 1 shall bo honoured by the pleasure of youc acquaintance, Mr. Attree." Then ho took my hand. Bensberg and I went home with him to His rooms 'to supper. He insisted on our going — juBt iu old Groome's hospitable way— and as, for some reason, Bensberg would not go without me. I wont with him. Throughout the remainder of that night I was in a sort of waking nightmare. If I could credit tho evidence of my own senses, I was in tlio presence of Mr. Groomo. If I could credit hl"r. Grooine himself, I was in the presence of Mr. Goad. Ho played to us. I iicvciThcard such playing before. I hope never to hear the liko of it again. It had suoh effect upon me that; when wo said good night, I felt as if I had maddened myself by heavy drinking. f 44 Weil," asked Bensberg, as we walked away, repeating tho inquiry which ho hod put to hie at the Apollo, 4 4 what do you think of Him?" ' I took off my hat, so that my brow might bo bared to tbo cool night breezes. "Tfiink of him! Bensberg, I am begin ning to think that I am going mad." Ho peered into my face as ho moved be side me. 44 Odd that you should have mistaken Him for someone else." 44 You would not think it odd if you knew the person for whom I did mistake him. Two pipes are not so liko each other." 44 Curious. Goad is not a common type. Strange tliat you should know his doublo." On the following Saturday I ran down again to Dawson. Direotly wo wero clear of tho station,' 1 begau on the subject which had been puzzling my brain. 44 Do you Imow, Phil, tho other night at the Apollo I saw a man who was the very image of Mr. Groome. Never saw suoh a resemblance iu my life. The man was so like bira that I doubt if, any man living could have told whioh was whioh if they were both of them together." 4 4 Tho Apollo! Do you mean tho Apollo Club? What should old Groome be doing thoro ?" > 44 That's tho queer part of it. The man wus playing." 44 Playing ! Do you mean performing?" 44 Vory much performing. Ho played a pianoforte solo. I never heard sue!) playing, and I believo I've heard every pianist that ever was." "You had hotter tell old Groome. It will tickle him, tho idea of his playing a piano forte solo at tho Apollo Club." I did tell liira. Wo dined at tho Groomes'. Dawson drovo me straight thoro from the station. When Mr. Groomo camo ont into the hull to greet us, I protest that a sort of shock travelled all down my spinal column. I still had the figuro of Isnao Goad clearly boforo mo in my mind's oyo. I still had, as it wore, tho concourse of sounds for which he had beon responsible ringing in my cars. I still seemed to see him as lie stood in front of ino, .declining to accord mo recognition. And when Mr. Groome advanced, holding out his hand iu welcome, tho likeness between tho pianist and my host was so strangely startling that, in an impulse of momentary mental aberration, I exclaimed— 4 4 Mr. Goad ! " Mr. Groome stared — as Mr. Goad had dono, with just the same curious characteristic little smile about his lips. 44 Attreo ! What's the matter?" It was only when lie spoke that I became coiiscious of tho blunder I had mada. Tho blood surged through my veins. I blushed liko a schoolboy. I huvo seldom felt so stupid. 4 4 Really, Mr. Groome, I beg your pafdon, but, do you know, I — I was mistaking you for a ghost." 44 A solid sort of ghost?" His strong, \- hearty grasp did not feel like a ghost's. " How nre you ? You will only just havo timd to dress before dinner." I did only just havo time. Direotly I appeared in the drawing-room a move was made for tho dining-room. The soup had been removed when Ethel Groome — Miss Groomo — said, addressing mo from the other aide of the tablo 4 4 Mr. Attroe, what is this Mr. Dawson tells mo about your having seen someono just like papa in town ?" I do not know what Nora thought .of my behaviour. All the time I had been eating ray soup I could not keep myself from glanc ing at tny host at the head of the tablo. It wus not very inauy hours sitiao I had suppod witli Mr. Goad. Every mouthful-whioh Mr. Groomo took reminded mo moro strongly of my meal with Mr. Good. Tho ono mau re produced to a nieety the other's minutest peculiarities. Miss Groome's words caused mo to cease making almost unconscious mental comparisons. I fauoy that I actually started. 4 4 Most extraordinary thing, Miss Groomo, it really was ! Mr. Groomo, wero you ever at tho Apollo Club?" 44 Not that I am award of. Where is it ? My club's the Carlton. I haven't beou in another club in Loudon, I dare say, for twenty, years. The Apollo Olub? What sort of club is that ? I don't think I ever heard of it." 44 Do you know a man named Goad ?" \ 44 Goad! Goad! 'What a name!". Mr. Groome.looked at mo and smiled— Mr. Goad's >mile. 44 1 have no recollection of the fact. Why? Has au individual of that name claimed the pleasure of my acquaintance ?" "No, only — it was the queerest thing— at a concert at the Apollo the other night there was a man named Goad — Isaac Goad. If you saw liim, I doubt if you would know which was bo and which was you." 44 Wus he so likopapa !" asked Nora. . " Liko ! If you had his portrait— But there is his portrait." I pointed to a portrait in oils of Mr. Groomo which hung.over the fireplace. They stared at it and then at mo. Nora laughed. 44 Arc you joking, Mr. Attree? l)o you mean that that is Mrv Goad, or that it is only liko him? You kuow wo think that it's a very good likeness of papa." 4 It is an excellent likeness of Mr. Groome, but I assure you that it's an equally excellent likeness of Mr. Goad. Since I saw him I have been iu a sort of wakiug dream. But lot me tell you tho story. I was, as I said, at tho Apollo Club tbo other night. In the crowd I saw Mr. Groome— I could have sworn it was Mr. Groome. To my amaze ment he walked on to the platform, and, sit ting down to tho piano, began to play. You never heard such playing." It was more like a madman's than anything else. When he had finished I rushed forward, taking, it for granted that it was Mr. Groome." Mr. Groome interposed. 44 Taking it for granted that I was a mad man, I sec. Much obliged for the compli ment." 44 1 don't mean that, Mr. Groome, but let mo go on. To my amazement, when I addressed- him, ho stared at me for all the world as you are staring at me now, Mr. Groome. I thought that I might, uncon sciously, huvo done something to offend you. I was beginning blunderingly to ask what it was, whoii you— I mean he— stopped nie by saying that his name was not Groome, but Goad- Isaac Goad. He said this in a tone of voice —you kuow there is something about a man's voice which is characteristic of the man, you seldom hear two voices which aro alike— but he said this in a tone of voice which was so exactly like yours that, upon my word, I did not know what to think.'- While I was making an exhibition of myself a friend of mine came up who introduced mc to Mr. .Goad. Mr. Goad insisted on my friend and myself, going homo with him to supper. All the time that we were having supper, in every gesture, every movement, overy little action, every intonation of his voice, he so reminded mo of. Mr. Groome that — well, tho Gorsican brothers, and Leaurques and Duboso iu 4 The Lyons Mail,' are not in it. us regards resembling each other, compared to the resemblance, Mr. Groome, which Mr. Isaac Goad has to you." I daresay I told my story with a little excitement of manner. I think it possible that I did. I fancy that it created an im pression, and that not altogether of an agreeable kind. At least, I gathered as much from the way in which Mrs. Groome spoke to me. 44 Yours is a strange story, Sir. Attree. As you are possibly aware, Mr. « Groome has no male relations living, and we in tho county are apt to. think, not only that the Groome features have been handed down from gene ration to generation, but that tbey arc, in a way, unique." 44 Just so. I can easily believe it, Mrs. Groome. I certainly saw no one in the least liko Mr. Groome until I had the pleasure of meeting Mr. Groome, and until I bad tho pleasure of meeting Mr. Goad, but thut only makes the likeness between them tbe more remarkable." 44 Is this Mr. Isaac Goad a married man?" Mr. Groome asked the question, as it seemed to me. a little drily. 44 Not so far as I know He occupies bachelor's chambers." 44 When was this concert at the Apollo Club?" 44 Let tne. see— it was last Wednesday night." 44 How odd," exclaimed Miss Nora. 44 Papa did stop iu town on Wednesday night." 44 In what consists the oddity?" inquired her fathor. 44 1 believe that I do, occasionally, spend a night in town. But docs it follow therefore that I should play the piano, like a madman, at the Apollo Club? Though I can easily believo that if I did play the piano at the Apollo Club, or, indeed, anywhere else, that I should play it like a madman. I nssuro you that I can give you a circumstan tial and satisfactory account of evory Houc I spont in town, Miss Nora." 44 You pique my curiosity, Mr. Attree," said Mrs. Groome. 41 1 should like to see this Mr. Issue Goad, though possibly, and I think probably, tho resemblanco would not strike me so forciby as it appears to Have struck you." . ... The ludy's words gave me an idea. 44 Mrs. Groome, yaur wish can easily bo gratified. Mr.- Goad, I believe, plays again next week, and I shall bo only too happy to get you us many tiokcts as you desire.'' My suggestion was seized with avidity, though possibly with greater avidity by tho daughters than by the parents. A party was made up then and thoro. Dawson could not go. The assizes wore coming on, und he had had tho pleasuro of beiug summoned to serve on the grand jury. But Mr. and Mrs. Groome and the two girls were all to go. I was to meet them iu town. <W e were to dine together, and afterwards I was to escort them to tho Apollo Olub. -.to bb oonoludrd. 