BfilTISHfAND FORH&N;, ECHOES FROM LONDON. "Tiiey arc Uic aWl ract and brie! chronicles of the time."'* - [From our Special Correspondent .1 LONDON, June 22. upkial ok mrs. (jladstone. Ail that -remained of Mrs. {Gladstone wa* convoyed from Ma warden Castle to' the village (Jhurch ou Sunday-, where, early in! the Still, summer evening, the members of the family and friends of the departed, with some of the villagers, assembled to hear the funeral saiuon preached by the Rev: Harry Drew. A special train bore io 1-ion don. the coffin containing "the last of the Glynnes." _ A correspondent of the "Daily News" writes thus from the spot:-She "has gone away from the happy glaaesand glorious woodland of her people to be reunited with him whom she loved so well. Occasional gleams of sunshine have to-day alternated with light and fitful showers. The air has been full of the sweet music of birds, to "mark the joining again of these two great souls beyond the Valley of Death, while distant rumbles of thunder have conic like a muffled peal, from heaven to sympathize wthft'he heartache and the void which the whole village feels in the loss of its dear and noble neighbour." On Tuesday Westminster Abbey was At tended by v a few hundreds of reve rent worshippers, who joined with feeling in the solemn obsequies of the dead. After the burial service the Ninetieth Psalm was sung, followed by the lesson. The hymn "Rock of Ages" preceded the bearing of the body to the grave in the north trairseply. where the cofiin was de posited beside that of her deoeased illus trious husband, and during this ^procession Mr. Gladstones favourite "l'raise to tb» Holiest" was sung. An anthem, the hyma "O, God our help," and the Dead March in '"Saul," followed by the "Murcho Solennel le," by Schubert, brought the service to an. impressive close. Mrs. Gladstone is the third woman buried in the Abbey during, the present century. Theaj pathetic lines, published on the day of her burial, arc by Air. James ltlioades: CATHERINE GLADSTONE. June 19, ItfOO. Nothing is here for tears, or loud Alas! Wed to a matchless mind, a godlike will. His angel, bi-jiuliful in youth, site was. And, beautiful in eld, his angel still. 'Twas weary waiting in the liouse of tears; And when to eyes with age and vigil dim, Mom, moon, and night, for two long lonely yearn . He t ame not:, she arose and wenl to him. Dawn fair then, 0 thou more than marriage-day, [ When now for over-not, till deatli do part- . Troth-bound within their minsl<T-bed we lay The noble heart beside the noble heart. | Among the wreaths placed upon, the cof fin was one from the Prince and Trinc'sa of Wales bearing the following lines, which were signed "Alexandra": IN MEMORY OF DEAR MRS. GLADSTONE. It is but crossing with a bated breath A while set face! a little strip of sea To find the loved ones waiting on the shore. More beautiful, more precious, than before. ; ' WAITING TO DIE. Last Saturday, "in the golden eventide," I strolled through the grounds of the Prince Alfred Jlonie for Aged Seamen at Belvi dere in Kent. In the midst of a beautiful park studded with old, umlbiiageous trees, and approached from the entrance gate by the secret ingresa of a subterranean way ai well as by the gravelled path, stood the old square building. The rain, and snow, and wind, the light and the darkness, have been familiar with it those hundreds of years, for it, was formerly the residence of ?an ancient county family. Its last use be fore demolition is a worthy one-the shel tering of derelict old salts who have finished their work. It is a .strange square-shaped pile, which might have done duty for a grain store, if its architect had been less lavish of window glass. It looked a very breeding ground for ghosts. Within, the. rooms were fitted, up like the fo'caslle of a ship, and each man had his bunk to re mind him of the days that are 110 more. Under the trees, scattered over the. park, uniformed in blue serge wi(,h shining brass buttons, pat and chatted the stiff-limbed old soils of the sea. In the distance the ! bright waters of the Thames lay placid in the sunlight, and now and then u sail glid ed by as the '"stately ships" passed to and fro. What memories the sight of them may have brought back to those an cient mariners as tliev looked out from the bounds of their limitation. Waiting to die! The peaceful evening seemed to increase the impressiveness of the scene. A couple of cats-favourites of the old men, as their tameness showed-were playing hide-and-seek in the grass, profaning t)>£ solemn pleasunee with their gambols. Wait ing 'to die! The worn-out (horses at tho Zoo excite some pity for their fate after their lives of honest hard work; but the spectacle of these old men toudhed a chord of infinite tenderness. Yet/ as 1 passed one of them, he saluted iu true sailor fashion, and there was nought of sadness in his mien, but rather a determined cheer fulness in very spite of his waiting condi tion. And then came up a memory of those lines in the Rubaiyat: Into this universe, and why not knowing. Nor whence, like water willy-nilly flowing; And oul; of it, as wind along the- waste, I know not whither, willy-nilly blowing. TJp from the earth's centre, through the ? Seventh Gate I rose, and on Hie throne of Saturn sate; And many a knot unravelled by the road. But not ilie monster-knot of human fate. TIIE KHEDIVE IN ENGLAND. Great preparations were made for the re ception of the Khedive of Egypt, who on Thursday arrived at Sheerness on a visit to this country, and inudh disappointment was exjjressed in London w"hen it became known that lie had ljeen taken il] on the voyage, and was unable to proceed beyond the port of landing. What were believed to be symptoms of diphtheria had appeared, and a throat specialist hurried to Sheerziosa to" examine the illustrious patient. He will probably come'into London to-day. The Klhedive is a man of mgtny parts; of ' untiring industry, and of extraordinary me mory. "He talks fluently in English, Ger man, French, Italian,_ Turkish, aiid Arabic, and besides his position as Khedive of hia country he is a practical fanner, a horse breeder, arid a musician. Rising at half past 5 every morning, lie divides the hours of ihis day, and " every minute is occupied with official work, receptions, and social duties and exercise. The throne of Egypt became vacant iu 1892 by the deatli of iW fik, his father. At first, on his assumption, of the duties of government, Abbas II. was not favourable to England, but the good results accruing from our occupation of the country IiUtc nad an effect upon his keen and observant mind, and the young man's present visit to the Queen is considered an evidence of Ihis conversion from Anglo phobia to tihiat proper appreciation of the ?single-eyed virtues of' tlus great country, which all Englishmen are so well aware of and most foreigners" doubt. The sugges tion itliiat Che single eye is eternally, focussed upon the main chance is so absurdly wicked that it is to be hoped tlwt, after n judicious course of gastrononvical attention, Abbas 1I. | ?wilt become disabused of any eueli siahdc-: roue notions. j CHAOS AT AUDERSHOT. i The Aldereliot muddle last week, which, | resulted in the death aud prostration o£ so many men. is the'subject of a. "Punch" car toon, in wnioli Field-Marshal Punch says to General Routine:-"There's no excuse! Senseless dress! Damned senseless ma- , nagement!" Mr. Wyndham, speaking on ; the matter, expressed his l-egret at the deaths which had occurred, and informed the . House .that .directions had-been sent to Aldershot and to. all centres where there were a' number of trosps under ea .vas to tee that the men were provided with pro- ; per. headdresses during manoeuvres in very . ' not weather. There had been a good deal i of criticism upon the field cap. They were face to'face with difficulties which were not entirely due to fashion. How many regi ments were prepared to give up their full headdress? Would the Guards give up the bearskin, or the Highlanders the feather bonnet? ? They could not interfere with those ancient: headdresses without damag ing- the feeling of sentiment which animat ed the different corps. Ti.at was part of the; capital on which a voluntaiy ara.y was run. IJe admitted that the War Office had: not a complete headdress for all the troops in this country, nor could they have in circumstances like tlie present, unless they increased their reserve to an exi.en; Winch had never been, contemplated be fore. As'they could not get the requisite supply .of helmets, it was proposed to issue 52,000 light canvas slouch hats for the use of the troops'at home. The War Office was feeling its. way towards two '? head dresses for the whole army-a dress for high days and holidays^ and one workman-. like dress for all regiments to be worn at Alderskot, South Africa, and in other parts of' the Empire; The Daily News'' pub lished a short artit'le this morning, in which 3t is'alhged that there is no head of affairs at. Alcfevshot, and that, the whole place is in a slate of chaos. General [Montgomery Moore, who took llie place of General Kelly-Kenny as the paramount officer, is not there, and nobody seems to know whati has ba^ome of him. Meanwhile, there are 35,000 men in the district without order, di cipline, or trainirg exercises. TWO HALLWAY DISAKTEHS. The quiet village of Slough, known fo many Australi ns as t'-.e stopping-place 0:1 the railway for visitors to Gray's ' Country Churchyard," was on Saturday last the scene of a terrible railway accident. A train, laden -With excursionists bound for the races at Windsor, for the Castle, and for other places in the neighbourhood-t e day being cxceptionaTy line-had pul ed up at the Slough Station. It was late in starting from Paddington, in consequence of the large number of passengers, and the extra work entailed in collecting so many tickets further increased the delaj\ _ The express from Land n to Plymouth "was timed to arrive at file ugh seven minutes af ter the race train had left, but it appears thati through delays to the latter it was detain ed in the station beyond its time, and the express, unheeding the danger signals which were tshown, crashed into the carriages from the rear, killing live and injuring 127 person1.-. The express was travelling at the rate of fifty miles an hour, so that some idea of the terrific impact can be imagined. The recital of the scenes witnessed is shock ing, and no good purpose would be served by repeating the harrowing details. Suffice it to say that some of the carriages were 'hoisted over the fchoulder of the engine, and leaching to the istaition roof ripped away the woodwork. The escaping gas became ignited, and added the horrors of conflagra tion to the hissniiR of hot steam and the shrieks of the mutilated passengers, many of whom managed to crawl out, covered with blood, from the splintered wreckage. Among the dead was ail Indian barrister. In company with two of 'his countrymen he was on the way to see Windsor Castle be fore returning to Honibay. Both his. com panions were .severely knocked about. A large number of Jews were among the in jured. The driver of the engine was so upset by the shock that he attempted to throw 'him self under another train that left the sta tion shortly afterwards. Iiis name is James Woodman, ami he 'has been in the (service of the Great Western Railway Com pany for thirty years, during which time he lias gained the highest credentials for carefulness and efficiency. It -appears that he 'had ample time to have slowed off his pace if the signals further hack directing this course of action had been, followed. The old man is in a state of menial col lapse, and his condition is described as piti able in tlie extreme. The accident is one of the worst that has occurred in England for many years, and until the result ol the Board of Trade Knquirv is known, the pub lic will continue in a state of uneasiness. To run an express train only ten minutes be hind an ordinary seems a risky proceeding to the uninitiated, but it; is done all the year round without accident; and it is of course not to be supposed that the railway author ities depend merely upon the narrow mar gin of difference in starting time for the safety of thfir passengers. The occurrence serves to remind the travelling public how much they are in the hands of a single Mae Andrew, to whose enormous responsibility Kipling has in recent years directed atten tion. While the ink of the proceeding echo is still damp there comes the news of another railway smash-this time a party of excur sionists from Hastings to Hampton Court. The report is simply tliat the cnginc instead of pulling up at the station platform .con tinued its'rate of speed, and crashed into the stop-blocks at the end of the. terminal line. About sixty passengers^ were bruis ed and-cut and otherwise hurt, and one lady is serio.usly injured, it|t ho .deaths are reported, The cause it' not yet discovered, but" it ifi said "that the brakes "failed to liolu on a -line rendered slippery by raihT ENGLAND'S COAST DEFENCE. . . If a war broke out between England ami some European Power the Channel Fleet would be sent to the Mediterranean. The Reserve Fleet would 'then be charged with the responsibility of England's coast de fence, It is intended to strengthen - the latter fleet by forming another squadron to be "called the Reserve Squadron, and the present'one will be called the Home Fleet. They will/ as at present, Bays the "Daily Mail-,"- consist of the port guard and coast guard -ships. In the dockyards will -still reman tube "Ten-knot" Squadron, i.e., vessels of an obsolete - type and little real fighting value, but which are now held in reserve as "England's last hope"-and called such; as well as the torjiedo flotillas. The advantage of -the proposed new scheme is that under it we shall really have a Channel Squadron always ready-for amy emergency, and behind 'this a'reserve fleet that can' be got together within a day or two, without drawing upon the reserves in the dockyards. The Channel Fleet will thus be'left free to co-operate with the Mediterranean Fleet, or act in any other waters where :it may be required without leaving..'our "shores inadequately "protected. It. is also stated: that the Training Squad ron is "to.'be inade .into a Rear-Admiral's command.. By this step'we-should obtain a iMuadrqn of six smart cruisers that would-always be ready for an emergency call in plate of the four useless masted ships which until recently made up bhe Training (Squadron.. The contemplated changes in the fleets will most likely be made after the manoeuvres or early in the autumn. A MUDDLE IN THE POST-OFFICE The first result of the change in Post office arrangements and the adoption of the new method for separating country from city letters ' by the ? establishment of a second clearing-house at Mount Pleasant is simply chaos. If the reports are true there is no other word for it. Tons of letters and newspapers are lying oin the floors imported, even letters stamped with a late fee being among them. Bags of unsorted letters are thrown into the njail trains on the eharnce that the official on board will be able to sort them on the journey, and often the bags come back un opened, having been the journey for no thing. This week the Oueen's private pouch, and also that used at the War Office, got lost in the general confusion. UiiSH POLITICAL UNITY. It is reported in the "Daily Chronicle" that Mr. T. P. O'Connor-who was received by the delegates at the Convention of the Tjmted League of Ireland, said:-"If he had the power he would girdle the land with a wall of fire, so that no Irishman should leave his country until her wrongs had been redressed and her people planted in the soil." The close of the sentence sug gests the necessity for a rather large necro polis, but everybody knows what the ge nial "M. A. P." editor means. The Con vention proc.lai7iiod the United League to be the National organization. The paper mentioned above says that according to the League's Constitution there is !<) be a branch in every parish, which will elect six delegates to an electoral division executive, the latter being the real working unit of the organization. Each divisional executive will elect one uieinber to a provincial Di rectory, and the provincial Directories will, together with the Chairman and officers of the Parliamentary party, govern the organi zation until after'the general election, when a permanent National Din-dory is to be constituted. It is proposed to place the Parliamentary fund in the handt of three trustees-Dr. O'Donnell (Hishop of Raphoe), Mr. John Redmond, and Alderman Ste phen O'Maru. Candidates for Parliament to be chosen by a divisional Convention and take tlie party pledge. Tlicy are to be indemnified for their attendance :in Par liament so far as the funds permit, and their allowance is to be curtailed on a re gular scale' for non-attendance. No cen tral organization is, unless specially reques ted. to make any suggestion a:., to the selec tion of candidates, this being left entirely to the divisional executive or Convention. Mr. William O'Brien declared that sub stantial unity had now been attained. The branches of the League numbered about 1,000, and they could easily start a National Fund with a first instalment of £10,000. The llower of the race' was with the league, and it would deliver Ireland from English landlordism and English rule in all its moods and tenser-. The subordination of the Parliamentary Party to the League gave rise to some dis cussion. But Mr. William O'Brien said the people were masters, and would remain masters; and they meant to found an or ganization which no man could defy. Mr. John Dillon, too, did not like the propo tal to admit representatives of the Parlia mentary party in equal numbers with those of the League. "What?" said he with em phasis, "plant in the very midst of then' organization, and in the citadel of their ]K»ver, men. who would ruin and wreck their whole movement? Not much!"' (or something to that effect). The resolution defining the Constitution was declared to have been <;a tried unanimously. The use ,of that final Avoid- as ap]*Iied to tlie delibera tions of earnest and enthueiaetie eons of Erin in surely opfcn to question". - < - DEATH OF COITOT MURAYIHKF. Yesterday ' l'iiornihg' Count. Murayieff, the Russian - Minister 'for Foreign* Ailaiin, took his usual early cup of coffee, and "was im mediately afterwards seized by an attack of "cerebral hemorrhage >vhich caused'.' his death in a few minutes. It .is a singular co incidence that . his predecessor, Prince Lobanoff, died in an equally sudden manner hi 1WW: lie had alighted from a railway train in com puny with the Czar,, and stepped for ward on the platform, when without warn ing he fell .back dead. Count Muravjeff was only 55 years of age, but his remarkable ability and tenacity of purpose had already distinguished tiiui as one of the mosl clever and successful Foreign Ministers of the day. - Endowed with a strong," even obstinate, will, he found himself in conflict with his august master eveii to the point of disobe dience on occasion. Iiis disposition towards. England ' was riot altogether friendly, though there has, been a fairly; good under standing. between the two" countries in im mediately recent years. He' lived and work ed for Russian iiiterests, and'at the moment, of his death his hands .were; very full witli the great reKpoBsioilities of Chinese affaire. It is said that he lia'd just completed negoti ations with Persia, relating to a naval har bour. DEATH OF A FBENCH PRINCE. . The Prince de Joinvilie, died on Saturday at the age'of 82. "He was the last surviving and third son of Louis Philippe, and grand uncle of the Due d' Orleans whose name is just row notoi'ious in' consequent of his Icttef -of coiliiftfenflation to . the infamous French caricatuu-igt. of .the. Queen., Tlie'de-"I inise. of the Prince, ie of some interest to ; Eriglish people 'from the fact that members of hie family-have from time to time'found', an asylum-ill'England. His father died 'at Cl&remont-in; his place of residence assigned by Queen Victoria at the time of the Revo lution. and his uncle (the Due de Mrintpen sier).. breathed his last at Twickenham. A work of his own on the feasi bility of the invasion of. England attracted: some notice ijt the time of its publication,, and another work entitled "L'Angleterrej Etude Sur le Self G'overnmenlt," was an intelligent apprecia tion of the English system of rule. The Prince was a remarkable man. At the age of 20 he commanded a warship in the Fran co-Mexican war, and took prisoner an op posing General by personal arrest. He was the officer selected to convey the remains of the great Napoleon fiYim St. Helena to France. In 1848 he, with his father, tefit the land of revolution and came an exile to England; but when the Franco-German war broke out in 1870 he wished to return and fiffhit. for liis country-. Permission was refuged on account of the Orleanist Edict. La!ter iii the tame year lie went to Paris as au American colonel, calling himself "Lu-. Iherod," and entered the army; but whv?n he discovered his identity to G&mbetta; he was sent back to England. In the next year lite was elected a deputy, and shortly afterwards, the Edint of Expulsion being repealed, 'he took his seat in the French Chamber, where he continued to represent his division for five years. For the last twenty-live years he had lived ifi. retire ment. In personal elittraeteristics he was shabby in attire; fond of hunlting and fish ing; a clever caricaturist; extremely fond of his wife and his home; a great French patriot; a deal' man who. joked on Inn own I lulirmity; and a mosl. genial host and com panion. The last occasion on which he came into notice was brought about by his grand nephew's disgraceful conduct over the Wil lette caricature above referred to, when he ?ttve the ingrate a wigging. The deceased 'rince had the distinction of being once satirised by Thackeray, in tlw columns of "Punch." The "Daily News" Paris corre spondent says:-The remains will be taken to the mausoleum built at Dreux by the Due de Peutbievre, his great-grandfather, and enlarged and embellished by Louis Philippe. One daughter of that King lies there, Francoise, who died in childhood. 11 is daughter®, Louine, Queen of tlie' Bel gians, and Marie, Duchesse of Wurtemburjr, are buried at Laeken und Saxe-Coburg. All his daughters-in-law, save the Duchesse d' Orleans and tlie Duchesse de Montpensier, a Spanish Princess, lie in the same vault wii!li, Louis Philippe, his wife, and sons. Tlie Duchesse d'Orlcans, who died in the Protestant Evangelical Church, is in a soli tary vault, but there is a hole in the wall through which tlie hand of her marble effi gy is thrust to clasp that of her husband. She is thus a heretic outside of the family pale. The mausoleum, is a family possession, five family, 'therefore, including the late Comt.e de Paris and Due de Oliartree, sanc tioned this posthumous ostracism of a most estimable and accomplished Princess. THE BELIKE ]N Tit AKSUBSTANTIATION. The following is the declaration of the English Church Union on tihe doctrine of the Eucharist:-"We, members of the Eng lish Church Union, holding last- to. the faitlx 'aaid teaching of the One Holy Catholic and Apostolic Church: that, in the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, the Bread and Wine, through the operation of the Holy Ghost, become in and by consecration actwrding to our Lord's Institution verily and indeed the Body and Blood of Christ, and that Christ our Lord, present in tlie eame most Holy Sacrament of tlie Altar under the form of Bread 'and Wine, is to be worshipped and adored-desire, in view of present circum stances, to reaffirm, in accordance with the teaching of.the Church, our belief in this verity of the Christian faith, and to declare that we shall abide by all such teaching and practice as follow from this doctrine of the whole Catholic Churt'h of Christ." There is uo ambiguity here; there is n© room for doubt as to the opinion of this section of tlie Established Churclh on the doctrine of Transubstantuition. As show ing the large mimber of adherents to tlhie belief, it is reported that the Holy Eucha: .l-ist was offered "for the Intention, of the Union" in 132 London Churches, and 1,149 Churches in the country, and sermons were preached on behalf of the Union in 32 Churches in London at Evensong. Lord Halifax, the President, asked those present on Thursday who agreed with the declaration to stand up, and the whole audience arose. In the oourse of his ad dress Lord Halifax ^:iid "itliev (had no need I 1o :<*k where Christ \s Sacj-ed }jody had been ! laid. They had that Body given into their keeping often as .they would. They posseted him in tlie Holy Eucharist. He further Wiiiiirked that tJLiey would not allow the privilege of tlie reservation of the Sac rament to be t.alien from them; that ito stop the daily celebration because there was no communicant- wouljjl cost the Church niany of her most devoted children; and that if outsiders were to be allowed to determine Church doctrine and practice the sooner dis establishment came the better. The pro posed conference between the contending divisions of the Church was, on a resolution, (hailed with thankfulness as a means to an understanding of each other's views. OlIlilKTlANS AND VENIAL SINS. Some delegates at tlie annual Conference ot the British Christian-Young Men's Asso ciations think novel-reading, thea.ti'o-iping, and smoking should not be indulged ill by the ijiembpi-s. Smiling is a violation of the shcreiiness of the body, theatre-going is vitiating lo the mo mis; land novel-reading saps the vigour and manliness of tiie mind. A lively debate followed "these egressions of opinion, and one gentleman thanked Uod that <he prooiseil, wmle another ^suggested that «i nioderate and. judicious course of novel-reading ?would r&ielp; the Y.M.C.A. (?members to acquire a little tniajginiatioE. BOYAIi SOCIETY'S GONVEftSAZIONE. There Was agreat gathering of the cjane scientific on Wednesday niglit, when Bur lington House was given over to a conversa zione of the Royal Society. , The company ?was more brilliant from an intellectual than from a sartorial or millinery point of view, but there' were many spruce gentle men and elegantly dressed ladies present. The objects of interest exhibited for the delectation' of experts and amateurs were Varied and, in the highest degree, novel. lAir instance, Professor Ray Lankester ehowed Miss Delta JDmett'e beautiful en Jai- ged models of gnats aind mosquitoes, to gether ?with human blood corpuscles infect ed by the malaria parasite of these vora cious' insects. The Zoological Society pre sented to view two living female crowned lemurs, concerning whom it was explained that, : the infant of the lemur coronafcus, which is carried across the stoihach of the mother, maintains its position by means of its own tail, which i't passes over the parent's back and then round its own neck. Mr. 1'Yed Knock, one aecoun't states, "be fritlfs introducing ilie company to aquatic walking-stick in sects, threw a flood of new li«'hi on the life 'history of the common tiger beetle (cicindela campestris), one of the most beautiful of the coleoptera. Tlie. irrul) makes deep vertical burrows 011 llampstead Heath and other sandy regions, mid, with his head unobstrusively filling the 11 perture, waits patiently for bis prey. Mr. I'.nock watched one for an entire day and night before anything hap pened. Then 4 fly came along, and straightway the artful and elastic pupa turned a. sort of backward somersault .-is:,1 captured the winged stranger. When the juicy miner is met by the obstruction t>!' a pe'ljble in his delving he ascends with it mi his liead, and with a dexterous jerk oi his neck sends it flying. Mr. Enock saw a grub aim a pebble so cleverly that ii went into the burrow of another grub, who in turn brought it up on his head a>nd indignantly >_'hot it away. After that Mr, Knock droj/ped small stones into some of the holes." With so much that was rare siml beautiful to engage their attention, with :in abundance of refreshments to re cruit. their strength when they were hun g; v or iihirsty, is it surprising that the gaests of the Society passed a profitable *1 -id happy evening? THI- COUPS OF COMMISSIONAIRES. Tim Duke of Cambridge fin a speech to i)'!.' ( orps of Commissionaires whom lie was inspecting, told them that it was a great titing to have something to do, and that no thing in this world is worse than idleness, 1'iieie were 1,370 of the old fellows on parade out of a total of 2,590. They looked in line feather, each man in full dress with plumed cap, and wearing his medals. About I'Vi'iity of their number were selected for spwial honour for a good record and long fii nk-e, and those were presented with me <lids inscribed with the words "Virtute et lndustria." Captain Sir Edward Walter-who is to tlie corps what -Mr. Wybert Reeve is ti; the South Australian branch of it-also ii i'ti'i ssed the men, and reminded theni that tiu'ir numbers had increased by 1,000 since tliL' Duke of Cambridge first addressed them i» !8SG, The principles of the' corps were rxnresscd in the Ten Commandments, and ii > absent-minded beggars were included among them, for they were ail up-to-date ii'.'u. Tlie '"Times" gives a very full re P-ft of the interesting proceeding, and Sir 5*: Iward Walter" comes in for a good deal of well-merited praise. The annual report k'.HciI that all partially disabled soldiers of regimental character, who were willing t<; work could join, and no difficulty was I'.-i-tml in obtaining work for thejn. Three Ji.milred of the memlbers were now at the f'rmt. .Sir Edward Walter stated further Dial the average wages earned was 28s. a W'.-vk, which, is not bad pay for a wounded 111.111. TEMPERANCE AND MEANNESS. '"The miserable meanness and.insufferable fit;!ijiinea? 01 some teetotallers plumbed its deepest depth when temperance literature was concerned," said a gentleman at a closing meeting of the Temperance C-on la-it "vvcrk. The sentence is rather Knsgestive of the idea that some teetotallers are always mean, which -will be flouted at once as a shocking libel. This speaker was jvf'.-rring to the difficulties confronting wri te:of temperance literature, and he did in:., scruple to imply that the abstinence of nun-supporters of such pabulum from in t-osacanfc; was as much a result of meanness a.- of principle. 'Tbey not only abstain iii'iii liquor, but also from spending a farthing on temperance literature." "Au thors, Printers, and Publishers Starved Here" ought to be inscribed as the motto of temperance organizations. Authors were nut merely concerned in the issue of books in the way of their gratuitous bestowal upon recipients-they sometimes wanted to eat and drink and to wear clothes, lie was -arcastic upon Societies that spent money 011 tea and cake, and starved the mind, and proposed as something new for the c-onside raiion of such bodies that they should buy Ji.iiks and periodicals instead of borrowing or begging them. Hut the charge is not confined to teetotallers; comparatively few people will pay a shilling or 'two for a book that will last a lifetime, and renew the lia vottr of its draught every time it is tapped, while tenis of 'thousands will spend money over delights that are but momentary in their effect. 'i lie last paper of the Congress was read by Or. Clifford. He appealed for more in dividual effort in the cause of temperance, nnrt referred to a proposal to obtain a mil lion new pledges. The profit accruing to private persons from the drink traffic should in his opinion he stopped by legislation anuiiic-ipalizing the trade. This view met with some opposition in the discussion Which followed, and as Dr. Clifford's paper was to be a sort of message froim the Con gress bis peMoroQ opinion was eliminated, laud a resolution agreed (to tbait a message should be issued on the lines of tlie Doctor's deliverance. ''Temperance Saturday" was celebrated in Hhe T/Hukm parks by many processions and aimch flag-flopping. A banner bearing tihe :tmbiguous legend "Down with strong Delink]" was greatly in evidence. awkward FOR THE DOCTOR. ' A very remarkable action for damages Kg.iinst a medical practitioner Silas just been Icon eluded. Tlie plaintiff was a nurse, who sued J>. Dods for the libel contained 311 a certificate of her insanity, fur bished to the parish authorities, la tbe Court the nm-se, Miss Agnes Dowling, ad jnitted her belief in hypnotism and the oc cult sciences; Letters written by her were Produced, in which glie claimed to have the foloud of kings (Irish) and of martyrs flowing fin her veins, and in which she showed animus laguinst persona wlio lhad not harmed her, jbecau.se she fancied they influenced her thoughts and actions by telepathy. In one Of these leftters eflie wrote:-"Now, this is Jblie message I (have to send you. You are a. vile, unjust, unlioly woman. One has Only to look at'you to see that there is no spirit of mortification in you. You_ tried to take my. soul from, me with, your dialxoli- i cal practices." In cross-examination dhe: stated that" one woman (threw her down in ; tfoe street byprojecting Sher "&ou;^!fc-bwly 1 at Tier. If there is anything in t£is tJheory it may account for the falling gickness of fenltlemen going home-at, Bay, I a.m^-wto i itiherto h'ave lived under the cruel breath of slander. Uhe doctor's defence was tnafc ] ihe acted bona fi.de in the interests of those who might come under lier oare, and In tJhe ! interests of the nurse herself. "The Jury, - who did not flunk his action sprang from quite such ihigh motives, awarded tihe plain tiff j£100. "ASCOT SUNDAY," The Thames is the great fashionable re sort in the summer time. Pretty women in boating costume float lazily down the river reclining in the luxurious surroundings of soft cushions of bright <JoJ»urai while men in flannels and etraw hate take it in turns to carry on smoking flirtations, and to row or punt, The Sunday after Ascot is the great any of the season. But last Sunday was a contrast to former years. As an ola lockkeepcr put it-"The nieii were not here, and the women stop at homje to think about them." The war has made a wonderful difference to the boatkeepers and those who make a living on the river, "Ascot Sunday" in Hyde Park was a great eight, all the fashion, wealth, and beauty at present in London being represented. The light summer costumes in all delicate shades nnd tints, and made- in the most charming modes that cunning artists could devise, formed a remarkably striking show in the great promenade. AUK'S EGGSV At a furniture sale in a Kentish village a youth noticed two large eggs, and. being a lad with taste for conchoidal curiosities and fossils of all kinds lie bid 8s. for them. A wretched rival ran liirn up to 36s., but be secured the eggs, and tying them in a ker chief carried them., home on his bicycle. They were eggs of the extinct great auk; and one of them, albeit a cracked shell, was sold for 260 guineas. This was a great haul. As much as 300 guineas' had been paid for one very fine specimen as long ago as 1892, but this week one' of these eggs sold for £330 15s. at auction. Among the damp and musty surroundings of second hand furniture to unexpectedly find these shelly treasures might cause any such for tunate youth to burst into-aii impromptu apostrophe to an auk, thus Hail to tliee, fowl spirit* Bird as dead as dirt! Tliou whose egg I ferret From the fusty mail Tliat mak'st the mug all unpremeditating part. THE LATE ARCHIBALD FORBES. Mrs. Forbes, widow of the late war cor respondent, is the sole executrix of liis will. The estate was estimated at the gross value of £10,908. ART SALES. On Saturday Messrs. Christie sold some valuable pictures at high prices. One by George Romney- a full-length ]>ortrait of a young girl who afterwards became Mrs. Iuigo Freeman Thomas-brought .seven thou- ! sand guineas. A "View of a Watennill," by liobbenia, brought C,200 guineas. The other lots, comprising works by Gains borough, Morland, Jothan Reynolds, Land seer, and other famous artists brought from 150 to 1,600 guineas. At Sotheby's on Monday an old Stradivarius violin brought £000. ANTIQUITIES 01'' SILOHESTER. On the site of the old Roman city of/ Silchester antiquities are constantly being recovered, consisting of coins, glasswork, ornaments, seals, keys, and pottery. The j Society of Antiquaries has a number of i those articles now on view at Burlington I House. A drinking vessel bearing the in scription "Vitam Tibi" is almost intact., and some vases date back to A.D. 85. Last year a skull was found-a rare discovery inside the old city, as the Romans buried their dead without its walls. THE "DAILY EXPRESS" VENTURE. It having been said that the "Daily Ex press" will shortly be floated into a com pany, Mr. C. Arthur Pen rson, the proprie tor, informs the "Sun"-the publisher of the news-that the "Express" is costinghim a loss of £250 a day. It will, he says, take a quarter of a million and two years of hard work to properly found it. The cost of the preliminary work and plant w;u £100,000. Mr. Pearson says the "Express" is his own venture, and is not connected with the iirm of Pearson Linited. ? DOCKERS' STRIKE. The dockers' strike seems likely to col lapse, with the result to the men of perma nent loss of their work. It ik said that 12,000 are out, but these numbers arc open to doubt. A correspondent-of. the "Tunes" places the total at two to three thousand. Delegates from the Societies of the steve dores, carmen, watermen, lightermen, and gasworkers reported to the dockers yester day afternoon 'that they were not prepared to strike, but that they would give the doc ket's every assistance short of that. Work is proceeding much in the usual way, 800 substitutes having been imported, and more local labour having proved available than was expected. Two hundred men have been brought from Birmingham under a pro mise of one year's work at 30s. a week. The imported worker* were informed t'liat they could keep their places permanently if they desired. FRESH-AIR CURE. The open-air treatment of consumption was commenced at the North London Chest Hospital last year, and the report jufet is sued shows most encouraging results. The ward windows have been kept oi>en in all weathers, patients beting kept warm by blankets and artificial heat. Most of those in the early stage* of the disease 'have re covered, and 76 per cent, of the others have been permanently benefited. ACTORS AND SWEATING. The Acitors' Association has decided to raise the period for qualification for mem bers-hip of the Association from 40 to 80 weeks. Sir. Edward Terry, speaking in fa vour of the amendment, said the Associa tion waa meant for the real workers, not. for mere dabblers, who, taking engagements at reduced wages, kept the worthier mem bers out oi employment. He would like to have added that a prior claim for admis sion to the Associations should be given to the sons and daughters of actoi'u and act resses. He appeared to have a professio nal objection to the actor who paid a pre mium for his histrionic education. Air. Laurence Irving, i--on of the great Sir Hen ry, and Mr. Hayden Coffin opposed the al teration in vain. I ROYAL BETROTHAL. The following is an official announcement , of the latest royal betrothal:-"Her Ma jesty was pleased to declare lier consent to a contract 9f matrimony between Princess Marie Louise Victoria' Carolina Amelia Alexandra Augusta Frederioa, born Prin cess of Great Britain and Ireland and Prin cess of Bruntswick, daughter of His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, and His Grand Ducal Highness Prince Maximilian Alexander Frederic William, nephew of His Royal Highness the Grand Duke of Baden, which consent Her Majesty has caused to be signified under the Great Seal and to be entered in the books of the Privy Council." , THE NATIONAL ART CALUBBY. The National Art GalleryVrecent narrow escape from fire lias awakened the authori ties to. the danger of its present jioSition .with regard to tha adjacent buildings, The surrounding property -will be acquired, and the gallery So Isolated as to oe rendered comparatively eafe. A JIDLTIPI,E DITOBCS. Captain Kelson of Vienna got divorced -" frotn bis "wife, and both, -parties married again. . Meeting five years afterwards each again .succumbed to the other's revived charms, and, divorcing their znates, married again, a second time. .After on,e little month they found their former opinion of each other to be correct, and now. they, are again divorced. KBUCEB SATIRISED. He street- boys called a man Krugor, notwithstanding tiiat his proper' paJtrony mic w$6 William Mills, This hoiTid libel so troubled the pooir fellow that he attempt ed to drown himself, u the President with the portable capital knew that hi? very u&me; had become an insupportable diBgraco It ought to move him to doubts of hi; self-righteousnesa. But even then ne would fly to the Psalms, Jiis pharmacy of balm £ot every wound. BLIND Pisa Most of us have read of fishes 'that become blind through the long absence of light from the waters in which they live, A few specimens known as Kentucky blind fish were (recently to be seen in'the London Zoo, but they, like the specimens sent to the Dublin Zoo thirty years ago, were not able to stand the change of circumstances and some died from too much light. They were abnormally sensitive to lieariug ana touch. , . i A REMARKABLE DIVORCE. The Vicar's divorce suit, to which refer ence has been made, was concluded this , week after a hearing lasting over fifteen ! days. The Jury found that the Vicar's ; wife and the Churchwarden had been guilty of misconduct; and that the Vicar and the i Sunday-school teacher had not. Church- j warden to pay Vicar £4,000 damages and costs, though the latter's counsel asked for j £2,000 only; Mrs. Vicar to pay costs of i Sunday-school teacher-who was dismissed | from the case-as well as her own, she be- j ing possessed of a private estate. The case was one of the longest and most remark- j able on record. THEATRE QUEUES. j The visitor to London is at an early pe- ' riod of his sojourn here struck by the pa tience and orderly behaviour of the per sons forming the queues outside the thea tres. The last comer takes his place at the rear of the waiting threa-deep column, and never thinks of attempting to get : tlirough the door in adva ce of his proper i 'turn, liut tiie first three or four rows are composed of youths who take up the places i on the chance of celling them to late- ! comers, -who would spare sixpence apiece lather than lose the opportunity of a seat. ! The .system has its uses, but it seems to be decidedly unfair to fc'.ie impecun'ous that this public liigl)way should lie used thus to their disadvantage. ROBBING A PRINCESS. The Russian Princess Radziwill has been robbed of« £10,U00 to £15,000 worth of pearls at the Carlton Hotel, in the West Knd Motel. Mie was r. a y to start for Paris, and had locked the treasures in her wardrobe. While she was at a tete-a-tete lunch with ;<n eminent English politcan I her maid came lu^liing in'lo tin? dining room 1o say the jewels were missing. Scot land Yard was at once communicated with, and all the inmates of the hotel were prac tically made prisoners, but at the time of writing the precious stones had not, been found. A ROYAL SOULPTOIJ. The Princess Louise, now the Duchess of Argyll, L-s a .sculptor of no mean attain ments. , She is now engaged on a s'atue of the Queen for the Manchester Cathe- j dral. It is expected to be ready very soon, WELSHAC'II INCANDESCENT COMPANY. At a geneinl meeting of the Welsbach In candescent Gaslight Company, Limited, held this week, several of the shareholders seemed inclined to call the Director over the coals, one of t';e speakers remarking that he did not think there was a concern in tiie whole of the country that had been more grossly mismanaged. An amendment on the motion for Ijhe adpotion of the re port, calling for an Investigation Commit tee, was proposed, but eventually with drawn. The Chairman expressed iiis con viction that the Company would yet at tain prosperity. THE QUEEN. A correspondent of the "Spectator" gives the pedigree of the Queen's family, by which he shows that she is partly -descended from French ancestors. The Editor says ifche foot is as pleasanit as it is curious, and that it will doubtless be specially welcome to Her Majesty's French-Canadian sub jects. HOSPITAL SUNDAY. The Lord Mayor, an appealing for sub scriptions to the Hospital Sunday Fund, an nounces the gift by Mr. George Herring of £10,000 towards the London hospitals. It is suggested .that a special effort should be made to bring the total to £100.000. If the other £90,000 is subscribed, Mr. Her ring promises to give a second donation of £15.000. 