SOCIETIES. LITERARY SOCIETIES. Sacred Heart Literary.--A success ful concert was lield in the Oddfellows' Hall, Port Adelaide, on Monday, 17th inst. The proceeds, which were in aid of the Sacred Heart Young Men's Lite rary Society's Cricket Club, will place the club on a good financial footing for the coming season. The programme opened with a pianoforte duet, "Les Sylphes," by the Misses Doherty. Miss Florence Dow ling sang "Tit for Tat," "The Star of Bethlehem," and "The Miller and th; Maid," for which she was heartily ap plauded. Miss Adelaide Percy pleased the audience with her rendering of "Rory O'More." Mrs. Flaherty contributed "Come Back to Me" and " Whisper and I Shall Hear" (with violin obligato) in a manner which gained for her rounds of applause. A violin duet was nicely play ed by Herr Pfaendler and Master Pol lard, and the former gentleman also con tributed a violin solo, which was hear tily appreciated. Mr. L. M. Jacobs rendered two humorous recitations, en titled "Pa's Goat Experience" and "Pa's Skating Experiences," and the audience, who were convulsed with laughter, loud ly applauded him. Miss K. Ellery gave a pleasing rendering of the song "JS'apo litaine," and Master George Simpson re ceived an ovation for his "Highland Fling," danced in costume. Miss Mc Nally sang sweetly, while Miss May Quinn and Mr. Wilkins were very successful with their vocal duet, entitled "Life s Dream is O'er." Messrs. E. G. Adams, L. Boord, and J. George gave comic num bers, and in each instance had to respond to pronounced encores. A pianoforte duet, entitled "En Avant," was played by Misg M. I. and Mr. E. P. O'Neil. At the conclusion the secretary thanked the ladies and gentlemen who had given their assistance, and also the audience for their presence. St. Patrick's Literary Society.—A large attendance of ladies and gentlemen were present at the Society's meeting on Tuesday, September 18, when a "Mock Trial by Jury" was heard. The proceed ings, which were a complete success, evoked a great deal of interest and amuse ment. The case was one of libel, in which Mr. M. LuddysuedMr. J. C. O'Shea for publishing a libellous letter. Mr. C. J. Supple presided as iudge, and was as sisted by a jury, of which Mr. H. Ryan was the foreman. The onerous duties of counsel were entrusted to Messrs. Jas. O'Connell and V. de P. Gillen, the for mer appearing for the prosecution r.nd the latter for the defence. Messrs. Casey, Heggarty, and McCreanor were called upon as witnesses to support Mr. O'Connell's arguments, while Mr. Gillen called upon Messrs. McCann and Kenihan to prove that the defendant had justi fication in writing the letter. The wit nesses were subjected to most scathing cross-examination by the counsel. After a lengthy hearing the jury decided that the letter was unmistakably libellous, and accordingly gave a verdict in favor of the plaintiff. There was a large gathering of the lady associates and visitors present at the "visitors' evening" on Tuesday, 25th inst., over whom the Rev. Father Adamson pre sided. There were three nominations for membership. After Mr. V. de P. Gil len had read the spiritual chapter, the programme for the evening, which was[ en 1 titled an "Evening with the Poet, Tho mas Moore," was proceeded with. The following items were contributed by the lady associates: Overture, Misses Hehir and McDonald; biographical sketch, Miss N. Hart; chorus, "Let Erin Remember," lady associates; solo, Miss Sheehan; summary of the poem, "Lalla Rookh," Miss C. Mullaney; trio, Misses Keogh, Gibbie, and A. Hart; reading, "The Veil ed Prophet of Korassan," Miss M. Keogh; vocal duet, Misses Mullaney; recitation, Miss E. McDonald; pianoforte selec tions were given by Misses Hehir and Mc Donald. After the programme was gone through, Mr. C. McCann proposed, and Mr. C. J. Supple seconded, a vote of thanks to the lady associates, who feel ingly replied. St. Raphael's, Parkside.—The open ing ceremony in connection with the above was held on Tuesday, 18th inst. There were present—D.P. Brother J. J. Clarke, D.P.P. Brother R. J. Cavanagh, D.T. Brother J. F. Murphy, D.S. Brother P. F. Kiley. The D.V.P., Brother Brazel, was unavoidably absent, being in the North in the interest of the society. The Rev. Fathers Andrew, Augustine, and Bernard, C.R.'s, were also present, with a large number of parishioners, and amongst the visitors were Brother H. Hill (Star of the Sea, Port), President P. McNamara "and Brother G. Smith (St. Laurence's Male Branch, and fifteen mem bers of St. Laurence's Female Branch). The D.P., Brother J. J. Clarke, presided. The dispensation granting the opening of the branch being read, the candidates for admission were duly initiated. The elec tion of officers resulted as follows: Pre sident, Very Rev. Father Andrew, C.P.; vice-president, Brother A. Drews; secretary, Brother E. H. Bermingham; treasurer, Brother A. J. Brown; warden, Brother J. Coady; guardian, Brother N. McDermott. The D.P. having installed the officers, the newly-elected president was loudly cheered, and in returning thanks said: From my heart I thank you for the honor conferred upon me in mak ing me the first president of the renewed St. Raphael's Branch. (Cheers.) In the dear old land I have had to do with kindred societies, and at no 'time have I felt prouder than I do to-night at the position I occupy. The earnestness and energy displayed in their interest I bring , to bear more intensely in the cause of Hibernianism in South Australia. Then I was an inexperienced Irish lad; to-day, with the experience of years God has bles sed me with, I glory in the dignified title of priest, ■ and as such shall exercise my interest in the cause of the society, wlicse guiding principles are "Faith" and "Fatherland." I am deeply grateful for the honor, accepting it in the name of the Passionist Order as I do. I have neither fear nor misgiving in putting on the collar of green and gold. (Cheers.) Whilst acting as your president, or as a life honorary member of the society, and so long as sanction is given me by my beloved Superior, by word and action, by prayer and efforts, I shall do all I possibly can to forward the best interests of our only Catholic Benefit Society in the colony, and rest assured when I state that our admirable society commends itself to your priests. To-night you have declar ed for independence. On this most im portant departure I congratulate you, and foretell success, when realising the abun dant material in the district, the fervor and enthusiasm of our young men, and the effective set of officers associated with me. I do not consider the society fully established in any district unless fully represented. Our branch is but the first part. Second, there is the female branch ; and, third, there is the juveniles. No. 1 is fairly launched, and, judging from the ladies I see before me, No. 2 is but a question of time; and, I trust, it will not be long before the No. 3 is in full working order. (Cheers.) A musical programme followed, the following con tributing: Overture, Miss Alice Connell; song, Mr. J. Donohue; song (comic), Mr. S. J. Moloney; song, Miss A. Trumann; song, Brother Bermingliam; song, Miss Ryan (St. Laurence's); song (comic), Bro ther P. McNamara (St. Laurence's); song. Miss Hilda Bowden; song (comir), Mr. H. Cooke; song, Miss Mary Connell, song (comic), Mr. J. Burns. The follow ing were nominated for membership:— J. O'Reilly, M. Godfrey, K. Godfrey, E. Berner, J. 0'Donoliue, A. McDonald, and D. Solly. Brother J. M. Williams pro posed and Brother Bermingham seconded a hearty vote of thanks to District Exe cutive visitors and performers, which was carried with acclamation. The D.P., Brother J. J. Clarke, responded briefly on behalf of the District Executive, and the meeting closed. Queen of Angels' Boys' Club.— There was a large attendance at the week ly meeting of the above club, held in St. Mary's Hall, Tkebarton, on the 14th inst. In the early part of the evening the hall presented an interesting appearance. Many of the members were indulging in various games, whilst others were perus ing the illustrated, papers, periodicals, books, and attractive collections of Aus tralian and Home papers provided for them, John Sheedy adding to the enjoy ment of all by his pianoforte selections. By the kind permission of Father Healy, Messrs. Envian and Maddern, "The Wan dering Minstrels," entertained the mem bers during the latter part of the even ing by ventriloquism, funny stories, negro sketches, character songs, and recitations, and concluded with a farce, entitled "Joe's Ghost." Judging from the out bursts of laughter and applause, the per formers' efforts were highly appreciated. The proceedings terminated by all pre sent joining in the recital of the Litany of the Holy Name. When desiring to emphasise the high quality of au article, the expression, fit for the Governor's table, is frequently made use of. Messrs. Drummond Bros., of Gawler-plaee, who supply the present as well as many of the past occupants of the viceregal residence, can therefore as suredly claim the above merit for their goods, and in these days, when so many inferior qualities of tea and coffee are being palmed off on the public by catchy advertisements. Ladies would do well to patronise such firms as Messrs. Drum mond Brothers, from whom they can rely on getting the finest qualities in these articles, as the above firm devote almost the whole of their attention to the retail ing of these goods. "Can you give any evidence in regard to the character of the deceased " said the Judge. "Yes, your honor," replied the wit ness. "He was a man without blame, be loved and respected by all men, pure in all bis thoughts, and " "Where did you learn that?" "I copied it from his tombstone." 