Literary. PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED. "David Harum," by Edward N. Westcott (Arthur Pearson, Limited).—Small wonder is it that this first and last book of Mr. Westcott's has had the amazing success which has come to It. It Is one of the most en gaging novels that has wen the light for some time part. Of plot or incident there is little, the bulk of the book being occupied with an excellent character study of the man who give* his name to it. " David Harum, Banker," as a man is as good as they make them—kind- hearted, eccentr>c. keen in business matters, entertaining, a philosopher —in fact the possessor of ail the virtues and none of the vices. To him in lonely Honw vllle, U.S.A., comes Joton Lenox, v young man, with a New York and Euro pean education, who finds himself compelled to earn his own living as a clerk, after the enjoyment of an allow ance which would unfit most men for the battle of life. But Lenox knuckles down to the work, or " fills his collar" as David Harum would say, and the two men become greater friends than the relative positions of master and servant usuelly allow. David Harum has a fund of amusing anecdotes, the relation of which, in his own peculiar dialect, and with his own peculiar humour, is the chief charm of the book, and bis quataft sayings are really witty. He acts as the guardian an«el of Lenox, and watches over him as a father, while he keeps a strict eye on his business capabilities. The bocfc wanders on from chapter to chapter as inconsequent and delightful company as Harum htosef and it i« only laid down at ast witfo a sigh and a firm reeolve to dip nto X again at the firs* opportunity, ft Is a restful, well-written, and excellently conceived account of a life which brightened that of every one who came near «—an ideal record of an ideal existence. "The Kingdom cf a Heart," by Effle Adelaide Rowlands (George Routledge and Sons).—Miss Rowlands i« not a "new" writer in the semwj that this is her first book, but her previous Incursions into the realms of literature are very few, and at any rate, in Australia it, is on this book that her reputation will pc jnad£. Though by no mean* out of the usual run of " femi nine" novels, her romance has a good deal of freshness and brightness to recommend it, and it will probably be considered dis tinctly above the average of its class. It concerns a year or two out of the life of Raohel. Lady Castletown, who, married at 17 tor a 'husband she does not lave, because Captain Hamilton, the man she did, played her false, finds herself two years later a widow with more than the ordinary know ledge of the drawbacks or married life and a temperament soured by her experiences, despite her naturally sunny disposition. At the time the story opens she 'has a friend, a man named Sebastian Lithgow, and he is, all that a friend who is also " a silent lover" can be. Lady Castletown, with all the incomprehensibility of her sex, will not .allow herself either to love him or to think that he loves her, and m a fit of temper at a supposed desertion on his part marries -Captain Hamilton, who had managed again to bring her under his spell and marry her for her money. Then the whole truth comes out, and Lithgow takes the affair into his own hands, stalls off Hamilton, and sends Lady Castletown away into hiding. Finally Hamilton is murdered by the lover of a girl he had wronged ; suspicion falls upon Lith gow, and affairs look very gloomy until Rachel unravels the tangle, and everything •rids happily. " The Kingdom of a Heart" 1b certainly worthy of consideration alike for the interest of its plot, the continuity of its Incidents, and the engaging charac ters which constitute its machinery. "©hosts," by K. and Hesketh Pritchard (C. Arthur• Pearson, Limited). —"The Ex periences of Flaxman iiow" (which is the sub-title of this book) were eerie enough when- taken in small monthly instalments in " Pearson's Magazine," but in the bulk they are rather too weird and creepy for anybody-but those of the strongest nerve and the weakest belief in the powers of darkness. Flaxman Low is a sort of " spiritual" Sherlock Holmes, whose busi ness is not the training of criminals who have evaded itbe intelligence of Scotland Yard but the investigation of cases of haunted houses and haunted men, and in the pursuit of his calling he .had many peculiar and. truly 'halr- rai«ing adventures. Mr. Stead has done much, and the Society for Psy chical Research has done more to dispel the ancient, though popular, belief that a ghost, is a more or less concrete object in a white shoe't and heavy chains which rattle annoy lngly, but the authors of this thrilling 6eries of short sfories 'have gone much farther af.old, and employed elemental earth splrlta, men who were not quite dead when they were buried, a leper ghost which spreads over a bed like a poured-out quart of treacle, a creeper that neatly chokes its ; victim, and various other manifests'ions each • more thrill-producing than the las 1:. Pin ; ally, Low almost meets his match In Mr. I Kalraarkane, who is working for evil in the I same fle'.d as Low himself Is working for good, and who very nearly compasses .his rival's downfall. No criticism acd no ex tract can give any adequate idea of the way In which tbe stories grip and hold 'the ren.]ei\ The authors have recognilVl that the sp-ead j of education reauires more than the ordinary • Christmas ghost story nowaday*, And the way in which they have met this demand it wonderfully convincing, and they write of impouePWUtiea with an air of probability I which enhance* the value of their book a hundred fold. Their book Is on* of the best of its kind thait has appearedl since Edgar Allan Poe ceased writing. " The Growth of the Empire," by A. W. Jose (Angus and Robertson).—Just at the present time, when the whole of Britain and almost the whole of Greater Britain is on fire with the patriotic and 'imperialistic spirit, the publication xxf a second edition of. Mr. Jose's clever and Interesting work, revised and enlarged, Is most opportune. The book first saw the light In 1897—that year which evidenced, more than any other, the power and extent of the British Umpire. Now, in 1900, when the BmplTe is seen under a different though by no means less im pressive set of conditions, a reprint is very acceptable. Mr. Jose has dd&e; his work thoroughly and vigorously, while hid" style, though terse and condensed for the most part, has a good deal of literary merit. The etory of the, expansion of England, begun under Elizabeth and not yet com pleted, has always a fascination for British subjects, and few have toid it better than Mr. Jose. " The Australian Object- lesson Book," edited by D. T. Wiley (Angus and Robert son).—One of the beat educational works published in Australia, and one which is likely to more than hold its own with the teaching products of older countries, is this volume, upon which Mr. "Wiley has evidently spent so n\uch enthusiasm and Energy. The present volume Is No. 2 of Ms series, de- ! signed for the use of the advanced classes of State schools, and ths subjects treated cover a remarkably wide range, from " Im- j portant Manufactures" to the latest de- ' velopments in the sciences of electricity. ; Technical education is becoming more and more insistently in demand as the years go by, and ac an Introduction to its several branches, Mr. Wiley's book is invaluable. He has taken of their best from specialists, and has used the results with #reat Judg ment and discretion. He has not by any means forgotten Australia and Jts product*/ and his collection of object lessons may be classed as a distinct and definite advance In the science of practical education. The book may 'be most hearbily recommended to school teachers in general. " Past and Present of Thursday Island and Torres Straits." The title of a paper read by the Hon. John Douglas to the people of Thursday Island shortly before Referen dum Day. To the report of the " Torres ptraits Pilot", published on that occasion Mr. Domglas has added some statements, chiefly In explanation of a few excellent photographs taken by Mr. Claud Falconer during a cruise of the steamer White Star among the islands. The -whole, including the photographs, has been beautifully re produced by the Outridge Printing Com pany, in Brisbane, and an advance copy reached us last evening. Mr. Douglas, as Government resident of Thursday Island for many years, is -well qualified to deal with his subject, and the also are very interesting, particularly the bird's eye view of the Island, taken from above the first gun emplacement on the military road. ■ The other pictures are descriptive of life amongst the natives of Torres Straits on several of the islands. They are all re- , produced by the collotype process, and are very good specimens both of the photo- ! grapher's and of the printer's art. | "The Pall Mall."—Eden Phllpotta «Dd Stephen Crane are <the two " stars" of ttho February number of the " Pall Mali Maga zine." The former's story, " 6am of Sor row Corner," Is in his best style, while In " The Kicking Twelfth" Stephen Crone re vels in the psychology of battle which his soul loveth. (Australia is represented in illustrations by Abbey Altson, and in read ing matter by Herbert C. (Macll-walne, both being among the Ar«t rank of our represen tatives in England. Oarlton Dawe has another of his excellent Chinese stories,' and the serial of Flora. Annie Steele grows: more Interesting with each instalment. The articles include a further paper on " Luc!;,": by that most engaging or statisticians, j. j Holt Schooling, *n Interesting dissertation: on "Gems," and W. E. Henley's fascinating " Ex Ltbrls" essay, this time " a chapter on I dandies." Of _ all the English magazines: devoted to the'needs of the general public, | the " Pall Mali" Is most assuredly " facile pr incept." "The Century."—As the "Pall Mall" is the beet of English magazines, so " The I Century"- holds the same place among | Americans. But as our brothers in the Staites spend more .trouble and money on! these expensive productions, It must be ad mitted .that " The iCentury" is better than the " Pall Mall," especially In Its illustra tions, whioh are really superb, a modifica* ttan of the half-tone and three-colour pro cesses being used with excellent effect in ■ the January number to Illustrate a poem of Rudyard Kipling's, and the Antarc tic scenery accompanying F. A. Cook's ac count of the two veers' exploring expedition In the Belgica> -All the reading matter 1 of the number is of the highest possible stand dard, and it Is hard to speak of " The Cen tury" nowadays without an unusually large etock of superlatives to draw upon. In art. in literature, and in mechanical detail It stands far ahead of any of its competitors. " Macmillan'B."—The January number of " Mactnillan's'' begins 1900 with two serials, one by Arthur Beckford, entitled "Anthony's Fortune," and the other by Captain Cairnes, " The Campaign of Doual"—both of which seem of fairly average merit. Two literary essays form the mainstay of the number, botb of exceptional interest. There is a •review of Sydnejt XJolvln's " Letters of Robert Louis Stevenson," and an apprecia tion of Anthony Trollope by Stephen Gwynn, In the course of which modern " society" writers are contrasted unfavourably with this almost forgotten writer. The other j general reading matter is of a very readable < nature, lighter and more acceptable than usual, and the number is one rather better than the magazine has been of late. 