THE CHINESE TROUBLE, (Contributed.) The Chinese cloud has speedily been evolved from the "no bigger than a man's hand" size to an opaque mass of great density and area, covering the whole political Heavens. The Boxers are evidently now determined to treat the Christians and foreigners very much as Elijah treated the priests of Saul, ?nr lire hi .l they seem to have of . , - s i . . ..:t ?: act'te '.vi:: c::" . , '. atire I d ha . L..-... i::. the scriptural character's book whimin his Christian teacheirrconsider a" man of CG :i."' 'Indeed,. i'tis not "at- alli unliklr-iy shatthe inissionary business is at iLe bottom of the whole Chinese trouble. As for patriotism, the China man has not very much of it, and the Celestials of Little Bourke Street when ct,afsed and teased by the Melbourne larrikin during the time the Flowry Land's armies were being defeated- by the Japs were quite unmoved by the taunts of their tormentors. But in the matter of religion there is evidently a difference, and specially is the Ch'na man devoted to ancestor worship.' When the Catholic Church first sent missionaries to China, they were per plexed for some time as to whether this worship was really such, or merely a reverential looking back ' to the fore fathers of the race. i Finally the ques tion was submitted to the Vatican, and the reigning Pope held that the worship. was really such, and idolatrous. What real right have we to. meddle with the religion of the Chinese ? Of course.the Exeter Hall and--Y.M.C.A arguments are based on the New Testament text, " Go ye into all the world, and preach the Gospel to every creature," but this practice of pinning doctrines on -the authority of isolated texts leads to all sorts of impossible situations. The New Testament says " Sell all that thou hast, and give to the poor," and we never hear of any clergyman or missionary doing this; save few and far between characters like St. Francis, of Assissi,. or. Father Damion. Besides suppose the China men said they had found an injunction in the writings of Confucius command ing them to promulgate them all over the world would that, will any man tell us, induce the toleration of public attacks on Christianity by Confucian Missionaries in London and Mel bourne ? As for the old idea that the non Christian races of the earth as they died were hurled down into hell " with hideous ruin and combustion," that has pretty well followed the ghost, and witch stories of our great grand mothers' days, and is no longer ad vanced as a reason why we should " convert" the poor red, black, and yellow man. But because missionary societies have been unwise sending men-and women alas !--to preach to the Chinese, who could find plenty to do among the " home heathen," that is no reason why pig-tailed demons should not be taught a stern lesson, and the tender men in black supplemented by the lead and steel of the men in red and blue. The German Emperor is certainly " having it out" with John Chinaman in auto cratic fashion, and the latter will find that the murder of the Kaiser's ambas sador leads to a very uncomfortable reckoning. It is possible that the Boxers in their ignorance may really imagine that they are more than a match for the combined forces cf the Powers whose Legations they have outraged, and whose innocent citizens they have so foully massacred. Nothing short of some such impression as this would have stimulated them to begin an attack on the European inhabitants of the country. There is little doubt, but that it would have been a most ill. advised step for the English Gov ernment to have followed the ad. vice of some European residents of Shanghai, by threatening to desecrate the graves of the Chinese Emperors if the British colony at Pekin was moles ted. Such a contingency as that the revered tombs at Pekin should- be seized by the British or any other Euro pean Power has net entered into the heads of the Boxers at all apparently, If this threat had been made by the English it would only have been pour ing oil on the fire, and have enabled the above peculiar people to represent the foreigneer as nothing better than fiends in theshape of men. As regards the despatch of 0oo blue jackets with Maxim gems from Mel bourne it is doubtful whether it showed much sagacity and forethought, how ever admirable from a patriotic point of view. There was a fear once during the Boer war that England might be involved in hostilities with some other Power conseqient thereon, but the claims of t.he different nations in the matter of the disiatregation of China are still more pregnant.with possibilities as regards war between the Mother Country and some other nation of Europe. The placeof the 200 men who went to China have been supplied by raw recruits, which Is not desirable at ia time so critical. We have proved our loyalityand feeling of kinship towards the OldCountry by despatching three contingents to the Cape, and the action of the Government in the matter of a naval force for service in China is certainly'more generous towards Eng Sland ithan just as regards the protection of Victoria. . LAie BAce, LUMesAoo.-Bathe freely with Chamberlain's Pain Balm four times a day, and have the part well rulbed each time. Also dampen a piece of flannel with Chamberlain's Pain Balm, snd bitnd it ,on over the affected parts. For salu by J. S. MtILLIOAwo , Agent. 