TK-AVJBXjILblH. GHOSTS THAT WALK IN LONDON. When a ghost once appears in any house,i district, or town, the fact is im mediately embalmed in print, the in-1 habitants henceforth proclaiming to the world that their district is haunted. Such is tho case with Hampton Court, Bucking ham Palace, and Marlborough House ghosts. Mttwmffh they ! are described in detail in guide books, you will never see one; or even meet any person who has. But the Big Ben spectre haB been seen by no loss than fourteen people, and that quite rocqntly; It appears in the shape of .a shadowy, deformed old man, bending ovor a pair of mnfinnlMSS nfll'R. (IS. SAdfrnl in n. wnnn. eaten skiff, it sweopR cut from the Surrey sido of the Thames, just like Westminster Bridge, glides without making a ripplo ovor tho iilky Thames water, through the third arch of, tho bridge, and then dis appears into the Btone wall of tho House of Commons, terrace as Big Ben groans the first note of midnight. Evory time it has appeared Big Bon has chimed thirteon, the last stroke sounding like a long echo of the previous one. Evory timo it lias appeared one of our Royal Family has died on the following day — namely, tho Princo Consort on Docembor 14th, 1861; Princess Alice Decomber 14tli, 1878 ; and tho Duke of Clarence ou January 14th, 1892. So . that each of its throe appearances has been made ou tho thirteenth of tho month, and ou ouch occasion Big Ben has struck that unlucky number. When it appeared on January 13th it was hailed by a river police boat, which happoned to bo passing at tho moment. As no answer was given, the police gavo clia.io, aiid in tho darkness on the river and the heat <"f pursuit nearly wrecked themselvos by dashing into tho stone wall of tlio Commons' torrace, Tho affair was witnessed by a constable on duty on tho terrace, and reported by film at Scotland Yard the following day, but there tho mattter stopped, as no light could bp thrown on tho affair. Of quite a different nature is the South Bolgravia ghost; in fact/' ho might bo called the guardian saint of marriod men who liavo beon detained at thoir offices later than usual. The streets of this district of London aro very confusing, even iu tho glare of noonday. At night the most oxporioncod explorer might be pardoned for losing his way. Tho reason is, according to tho gentle men living in that part, that every ove- nink between 11.30 and ono o'clock a ghostly artist, dressed in a soft, felt hat arid the approved arfcist's suit, "collar, and tie, goes l'rom street to" street with a pot of paint, ladder, and huge brush changing the street names one with another. This ghost first began his nightly wan- doring in December 1884. An artist had been over to Cholsoa spending a jolly time with some friends. Ho did not enter his wife's room until three o'clock, aud when she demanded an explanation, averred that he had beon wandering about the streets since -eleven, having lost his way. No sane woman could accept such an excuse, and the lady rose, drossed herself and, snatching up their baby boy, swept from the room never to return. Her hus band waited three days for her, and when his lady called him on the fourth, she found him dead. Ho hnd taken poison. More romantic is tho ghost of Chiswick. This iB tho ghost of Barbara. iVilliors, Duchess of Cleveland, one of j tho most famous beauties of the court of King Charles II., who is said to haunt that flue old red-brick mansion on Chiswick Mall known as Walpole Hous-' On fine moon light nights, at uncertain intervals, the nicturesnne wraith of the Duchess an- pears as she is represented in her portrait painted by the great Sir Peter Loly, but with haggard face and dull, dim eye3, wringing her hands, and exclaiming piteously to -some invisible persecutor, ' Give me back my lost beauty P' It ap pears that this lady died at "Walpole House in 1790, the Bixty-uinth iyear oE hor age, of a dropsy that greatly disfigured hor. Another distinguished ghost which in habits this quarter of London may be seen in the old gateway on Richmond Green, which' is all" that remains of the once magnificent palace of Richmond. This is tho uneasy grief-stricken spirit of Queen Elizabeth, who died at three o'clock on the morning of March 24th, 1603, in another part of the building. It was in the turret chamber of this ancient gateway that Elizabeth heard the con fession of the dying Countess of Notting ham, who, on her deathbed, revealed her treachery in keeping back the ring which 'the Earl of Essex, under sentence of death, had entrusted to her to deliver to his Queen. The anger and remorse of the Virgin Queen whon she heard how she . had alls wed her best beloved courtier to go to his death unpardoned caused her to rush forward and to shake the dying woman in a frenzy of passion crying, 'May God forgive you, for. I cannot!' Of courso the Tower of London has its ghosts, but during the course' of this oen- tury these have become very shy, refusing to show thomselves. Possibly . this may . be attributed to the sixpenoe admission j charged on certain occasions. It is hardly to be expected that the . self-respecting wraith of any historical personage will expose itself to the gaze of a Bank Holi day public. PerhapB this is just as well, for the last appearance of a ghost in tho Tower, which took place in January, 1810, resulted in the death of a sentrv from a fit nroduced by pure fright. In this case the ghost took the form of' a dark shadow in the shape of a bear, but it was knowu that the sentry had previously beon alarinod by reports of the appearance of the ghost of Sir Walter Raleigh in the vicinity of his station. The most terrible of Londoil ghosts, however) is ihat which has brought No. — , Berkeley Square, into eminence amongst haunted houses. This particular house stands on the west side of the' square, and is in no wise to be distinguished from its .unornamental brick neighbours. Until recent years ii was occupied only by care takers, and for a long period woro the desolate and lugubrious appearance gene rally attributed to ghost-ridden residences. How the house acquired its unenviable ropute it is hard to say, but it. was suffi- oieutly notorious at one time to form the subject of a long discussion in the columns of a well-known antiquarian magazine. This particular horror of the Berkeley Square ghost lay in the fact that its pre cise nature was iievor determined. It wa3 a grisly ' something/ so terrible that those who beheld it never survived to tell tho tale of its horror, for they woro found dead with every appearance of having died of sheer fright. It made 'its appearance in a bedroom on the second floor one night, and tho sorvant who had a glimpse of it was found dying on the floor in convulsions. A family o»be living in the house, too, were pestered by uncanny noisos, most of thbm proceeding from this particular room. The 'fiance of one of the daughters of the house, "an unbeliever in ghosts. determined to sleep m tne room anu to discover the cause of the disturbing noises. He arranged that if ho rang the bell once during the night, no ono was to come ' to his aid, as he might merely he disturbed by some waking illusion. If, however, he rang the boll twice, his signal waa to be immediately answored. . In the dead of nigat the bell was heard to give forth a light note. No one stirred. The firBt ring was followed in a few seconds by, a furious peal, and tho alarmed household at onco rushed to the room, wliero. thoy found the poor fellow lying dead upon the floor. It seems only in keeping that Saint Paul's- Cathedral should have a ghost, but the fact that itjappoars dressed as a nun shows, that its education lias beon sadly neglocted. " The cathedral was built long after all nunneries . had been abolishod. But every morning, at two o'clock a black form sweeps six times round tho Whisper ing Gallery, and thon, with a ghastly shriek, springs tli rough tke railings into tho air. As any spectator waits to hear the smashing of bones upon the stones below, 't vanishes. The superstition con nected with it is, that should anyone bolow try to save its fall by stauding ready to catch it, ho or she will die within the month. . 