"Stumps," as he wa callted In Dos serland, was a favourlte with cr.ulncl. and --the policje. Ieb, had a bright jk. and at k!ldly \,'ri for all altke ; n, nI iadl ever i on ltn ia'~s, or l;known t l;a do a mtula tfilng. (hildtrv hung rr.ouul him, !is:eninlg to tle yarns; the lasses a'ways s tc,*ped to banter with him; ?lshe mnr a night round the do*s-lilcl:e tire h4,i ?.rn the life of the wretched-loolking grtmp. as in fluent, plichtretn que l~atgtnge he told ghost tales and farty letgends of his natvre County Clare, mak!ng the moucliers forget their hbnger, the;r atf ferlngs, their despair; nud wh?n be hltd money lie was royahy genelwrou- Ihe treated everyone lie cat?e acres. " tledad, that fact alone bethrsya Inut kingly lineage" (Mike was dLescrtSded from an ancient Irish sovereign), hIit once said to me, half-rueGn lly. "Shure, l'm never so happy as whli dlsp'lisung tboulntles." Indeed, I have known;l 1w . last him but two days, though he : always slept in a. doss- hlouse, anid tIle only solid food that pacoed Ilin ltlps during thnt spaceo 'was onions anld itrpe for supper, and a couple of acarrote an a midday menl. "'My digestion, you see, Is peculiar," Ie conuided on one occasion to a ainulis- - trate, after receiving a sentence of fourteen days ; "It seems to cotton to nothing lnbut drink." "Could you not t he tile dge, and would nuct 'sotl '"l..ct? -. It ?"- aslked tlhe functionary of ju.tic:, who, I am leuro, In his heart, caw ttheu futility of these rejioented conlignsulllcns to gaol. like rttlled hl rough red hair', and a gleam of amusement darted Inti ias eyesa. " May Itlphllse your ludship," lie said, " it's meself was a shining lolght in the Salvation Arm'ly-fur--fur two nlothia. can' begorra I in that toime if )1 d;,l not merit a silver medal fur tlimper- - auce." " And where Is tohe medarl "" asked the magistrate. Again 'Mike'.3 eyes twinkled and 'the corlcels of 'hlis nouth worked. " "Al' you'll belaliv me, your wurshlp, whin .01 camtle out last tolme, front the ri si deuce you w\os so kind as to relcd t .a to fur mol health, I pawned It ftur .a dhrop of the cratur', an' begorro ! if 01 didn't fohld tile medal wasn't silver at all, but Jlst a common bit of tin i" Mike's real discomfiture was'- too much for those present and tluyh laullghed as he meant thcoln to Ilungh, and nobody enjoyed his joke .nfire iitanI lie did hinself. But laughlug at or with a eculprit does not -help d nmend Ills wiay, land ike's c ease ]Ind a sad side to,it--.l'iro:n the " Quiver," for April, 