NORIHE'S REVENGE. CHAPTEE VII. The last week caino—the last night of tho layt week.. A radiant moon light night. Over the blue misty hill-tops the silver sickle sailed, and at the garden gale flood the pretty brido elect, alone, gazing with eyes or dro.inir darkness at tbo mystic ivory light. A T o sound but the ' sound of the. nilence' broke her reverie, the twitter of a bird in its nest, the light flutter of the cool wind, the slipping of a snake in tin underbrush. Grecu nn.il silvery spread tho wild field of Kent Hill ; dark, cool, and perfuiny tho pine woods, long and white the dusty high road— o\ - er all the sparkling stars and crys tal moon. Leaning on ilie goto, her hc:\rt in her oyes, stood Xorino Bourdon. A trifle thinner and paler than of old— very pale in the cold whita .ronurays, but very fair and sweet the niignouue face. Something almost pathetic in tho pallid beauty of the night touched her, lhe grout <!nrk ovrs looked with w?Btful sadness u;> to the BJarrv sky. She stood there thinking of ihe new life to begin in a few days nor.' —the life tliai seemed to recede ar.d grow more and uiore unreal Ihe nearer it came. Its novelty and brightness blinded her no more—distance had lent enchantment to the view—to night she only knew she wss about to marry a man she did not lovo. The paat.rose before her. Laurence Thorndyko's smiling, cynical, hand bouio fiico floated before her like a vision—her girl's fancy returned with ten-fold iweetness ami power. If lie were only to be the bridegroom on Thursday nest! A passionate longing to see him orice more, to hear his voice, filled her whole soul with unutterable desire. In the moonlight she stretched forth her arms in voluntarily—in tho eiJcnee she spoke, a heart-sob in every word— ' My darling !' she cried. ' Oli, my darling, come back.' Tho restless leaves fluttered around her, the wind touched her fr.ee and swept sighing by. She leaned wearily against tbo gate, full of: untold love, and longing, and passionate paiu. ' Laurence 1' sho whispered ; * Lau rence ! Laurence! If 1 could only see you once more—only once—if J. knew you !isd not quite forgotten, mo —if 1 could only bid 'you good bye before we part for ever, I think everything would be easy after that.' Had the thought evoked bis phan tom ? ._ Who was that coming along the silent road ? A tall, slender fignre, wearing a loose, light overcoat, strangely, bewilderingly .. Familiar. That negligent, graceful walk, that baughty, uplifted carriage of the head —surely, surely she knew both. She leaned forward in breathless expec tation, her lips apart,: her eyes alight. and nearer he came, and the face sbo had lesged to see, bad prayed to see, looked down upon her once more with the old entrancing smile. Laurence Thorndyke! She leaned against the sate, still in breathless hush, pale, panting. She could not spesk, so intense was her surprise, and the voico for whose sound she had hungered and thirsted with her whole foolish, romantic heart sounded in. t::e n:gnt silence. ' .Norine '' She made no answer. In her \iMer astonishment and swifi jc-r she could oalv stand ar.d gazs, pr.ie, speechless. ? .Norine, I hr.ye come bsck again. Jfciave you no word cf welcome for yoar old friend r" Still ska did not speak, still she stood looking as though she never could look enough, only trembling a little now. ? I have startled yon, , ha said, very gentiy, 'coining so uaospsctedSy upon you like a ghost in the moonlight. But I am no spirit, ISTorine. Shake bands.' Hβ leaned across the closed gate, and took both her hands in his warm, cordial c'asp. They were like ice. Her eyes wer-3 fircei ii'co.st vril-lSy upon his face, her .:p? v.cto irecbhng like the lips of a child about to cry. ' Won't you speak, the , !-., Norine ? Have I startled you so much as that? I did not expect to ?ca yea or any one at this hour ; but I had to come. Do yoa hear, Norry ? I had to corae. And now that wo have mct — Norine, !Norine, won't yoa say ycu are glad to see ccc again ?' She drew r.~aj her ha;.ds saudeniy, covered her face, and brcke into r. passion of tesrs. j?erhaps she bad grown hysterical. Her heart bad been full enough before he came, and it needed only this shock to briai over. He opened the g.-.t3 abrupt!/, and took her in h'.s r.rins. 'Speak to cse, 2\or:nol ITy own, my dearest, don't cry so. Look vp — say you ars not sorrr I have cores.' She looked up at him, forgetful of liichard Giiberi. and her v.-eddiiipj any, forgetful oi loyalty and truth, only knowing hoy.' passionately sha Isved this man. ? I thought 3'ou Lad forgotten me,' shs said. ' I thought I should never see yoa again ? And, oh,' clinging to him, ' I have boon so miserable —so very miserable !' ? And yet you arc about to bo mr.r ried, Noriuei' At tiiat reproachful cry she sud denly remembered tiist Now York lawyer, ana al! the duties of her life. She drevr herself resolutely, in spite of bis resistance, from his encircling arms, and stood free, trembling and white. ? You are going lo ha uiarriei to Richard Gilbert, Norine ?' ' Yes, she paid, falteringly ; ' and you—you are going to be married too ?'?-? -' I?' in astonishment; ' I married ! "Who can-have told you tbat? , 'Mr Gilbert. , . . ? Then it is the first times 1 have ever known him, lawyer though ho bo, to tell a falsehood. Ko, Noriue, £ am not going to be married.' She eruight her breath in flic shod;, the joy of the v/ortL;. ' Not going to bo lviarriecl ! !Not going—oh, r>l r Tliornihke, don't de ceive mc, don't !' ' I am not deceiving you, Norinc. Why should 1 ? There is but one whein I love. If she will bo my wife I will marry, not unless. Can you not guess who it is, Norinc'? Can you not guess what I lmvo come from New York to say before it is too late ? I only heard of your projected marriage last week—heard it then by the merest accident. Ah, Norine! if you knew what a shock that announcement was. Ever since I left here I have been try ing to school myself to forget you ; but I never knew how utterly in vain until I heard you -were the promised wife of Richard Gilbert. I could stay away no longer —I felt I must tell you or die. It may seem like presump tion, like madness, my coming at the eleventh hour, and you the promised bride of another man ; but my love. my love, I had to coruc. Even if you refused mo with seem I felt I must come and licr.r ray doom from your lips. They have urged mc to marry another, an heiress shs is, and a ward of my uncle's. lie even threatens to disinherit mc if I do not. But I will be disinherited—l will brave poverty and face the itituro boldly- so that the girl I love is by my side. They say she is beautiful, and will not say no if I ask ; but what is that to mc sinca I love only you "? Norine I Norine ! tell mc that I have no£ loved in vain.' lie had poured nil ".his cvi pusr-icn aio'.y, impel:".o".:siy. She t.t-.s classed in his arias sg-.iin, ~hile he bent over her to catch bar reply. ' Tell mc you love mc, 2\oriz>3 1 Xoa don't, you cr.n'fc care for this lawyer, who is old enough to be your father ! Norine, look up, my own ! Speak, and tell mc yoa care only for me.' ' Only for yon, only for you !' she cried, in a sort of trance of joy. ? Oh, Lauvev.ce ! J love yoa vriih all my heart!' There was a sound as she said it— the house door opening. In the moon light Aunt Hetty's spars, small iigure appeared in the doorway— in the siieuce her pleasant voice called— ' Norine ' Norine ! Come in out of the dew, dear child.' Some giant hemlocks gre~ r.car Cbo gate. Insurance Thorndyke drew her with him into their black shadovr, and stood perfectly still. Brilliant S3 ihe moonlight was, Aunt Hetty might brush against them and net see them in tho leafy gloom. ? I mnst go,* whispered Norine; ' she wilf bo here in a moment in search of mc. Laurence, let mc go. , :* Bat,:first, I mast see yoa again. No one knows I am here; no ona mnst know, When ' doe 3 Gilbert arrive?" ? . ? To-morrow,* she answered, with a sadden shiver. ' He held her close. ?My darling, don't fear—yon are mine now, mine only! iJine yoa shall remain.* His eyes glittered strangely in the gloom as he said it. ? We cannot meet to-morrow, hat wa must meet to-morrow night.' ' No,' she faltered, ' no, no. It would be wroug—dishonorable. And I dare net ; we should be discovered. , ' No; net if yoa do a-s I direct. What time do yoa all retire "? Half past ton ?' ' Mostly.' ' Then at clever;, cr Lalf-past, iLe coast is sure to bo clear. At eleven to-morxoTr nigh; I -?::! b≥ he-re, just without the gate, -j.ti'l you must sisal out and meet mc. , ' Ob, Laurence!' ' Yoa must—you "ill, if ysa Icvs mc. Are yon not my wife, cr going to be hi a few days, wLleli amounts to the same thing"? WiU Gilbert stop here ?' 'I don't know. "Yes, I suppose so.' 'Well, eren i£ bo Joes it will not matter. You can. steal oat unheard and unobserved, can you not ?' ? Xss— no. I don't know. Lau rence, Laurence, I am afraid. , 'Of wbat? Of whom? Xot or in f, Zs'orine ?' She shivered a little, but clung to him closer. ' It seemed so strange, so bold, so wrong- I ought not—it is wicked. I don't know what to do. , ' Then you uon't ca~9 for rne at all, .Norine?' He knew how to move her. The reproachful cry went to her bear:. She put her arms around his neck, and hid lier face on his shonlder. Care for him ' Ke doubted that! ' Yoa will come,' he said, that esultaiit gleam in his eyes again, ' my ioyal little girl i I have a thoasand things to say to yon, and we can talk uninterruptedly then. When wa? your wedding to be '?' ' Nest Thursday. , . .< And this is Sunday night. To morrow afternoon Gilbert will be here. You sec how hills time we have to SDare, Xorine. Yoa must meet ras, for on Thursday yoa shall be my wife, not his.' Her heart thrilled with ecs'a.cy a kis words. His wife !—his '. Could it be that after all the pain, the bitter disappointment of the past, this coveted bliss was to bs hers ? ' Norry ! Norry !' more loudly this time, called the voice of Aunt Hetty, still in the doorway. ' where on earth is the child ?' ' Let mc go, let mc go !' Norine cried, in terror; ' she will be hero directly. , ? Yoa will meet mc to-morrow night, my love, my bride V ? Yes —yes —yes '. Only let mc go. . He held her in one long embrace, then she was ? free. Betreating into the shadow of the dense trees, he watched her glide out into the moonlit patii and up to the gate. lie beard li- er ascend the steps, and then Aunt Hetty's voice carno to him again. ' Goodness grr.eiouF, child, where have you been ? Do you want to get yoar death out in your bnre head, and tlie dew falling like rain?' He could not catch Norine's faint reply. A second more, and again Aliss Hester Kent was shrilly to be heard. ' Land of hope ! whatever ails you, Xorry, you are whiter tbr.n ths d'er.d. Oh, I know how it will ba after to night, you'll be laid up for a. week !' Ho heard the house doer closs. Then he was alone with tho rti?iii:ig tree?, a::d thu bright, countless str.rs. As lie stepped out inlo the crvi-tal rndiaiico his iaco s-:inno with csiilin.it delight—r-.las- for Nor:ne, not with happy Jove. * 1 knew it! I knew it!' lie said to himself in his triumph. 'I knew I couUl tahe lier from him at tho very church liuor. Is'c-w, I-licha- rci Gilbiirf, whoso turn ;s it :?.!. Ir.st ? "Who liol.ls tho winning trr.mp in tho p;acne ? You havo bailed and foiled, and watched mo many a tisnp, Eola- blv in the case of Lucy West ; when it came to old Dr.rcy's ears through you, and he wns within a hair's breath of disin heriting mc. Every dog has bis day. Youre i 3 over—mine :ir.s come. The wheel hr.s revol-rc:!, and Laurence T:io~Eilyk?, gambior, iriiks-'.sr, liber ties, as you paint hint, is at '.ha top. You have not spared mc in the pas-r, my good Gilbert, look to yourself no-.v, for by c:l Shs gods I'll not spare soul' (To re combined.) 