IISIIOB FROm HI H U M | W S E M E J C E . I would not impend another such a night Though 'twere to buy a world of happy days. Shakespeare.—K. Richard III., Act 1, Sc. IV. CHAPTER I. TH pen in hand and a fair page before me, I hesitate. Shall I, or rather, can I, tell this story ? Not only does it touch me closely, but it shames me. It is terrible : I alone know how terrible. And it is so recent that it seems but last night— no longer. I will tell it. Yea, I will tell it alL What Bhall I IOEO by doing so ? A little of the present dread, perhaps, that weighs upon me—nothing more. If anything can relax the tension of my nerves it will surely be the writing down of the naked facts of my night's experience. And then, by degrees, perchance the horrid remembrance will ccaso to blacken my every dream. Only one living person besides myself knows why silver streaks have so rapidly appeared in my hair. Evelyn Merritt is that one, and she urges me to tell out the ghastly tale. And indeed the world may hear it now, for it can harm nobody. The night was that of the Merritts' balL Evelyn is an old schoolfellow of mine, who, till the house was burnt down six weeks ago, lived at Ashington Hall, in Derbyshire. Happening to be in the neighbourhood, I was invited this autumn to their annual dance. ' And yon must stay the night, dear,' Evelyn had added, ' for goodness knows when we shall break up.' From my childhood I have loved dancing, and I am as keen on it now as ever. But, sad to say, I have reached an age (thirty next birthday !) when one has sometiir.e3 to bear the mortification of seeing oneself shelved in favour of children in their teens, who ought to be in the schoolroom. A woman unused to posing as a wall-flower finds it hideously unpleasant to be compelled to stand aside. But I have too much spirit to cave in at once and decline invitations. At. some balls, I remind myself, dancing offers come in brisker than in others. And so, always hoping for the best, I have my hair dressed in a fresh style, choose a younger frock, and try my luck again. That evening, at the Merritts, fortune seemed cruel. Introductions were few, but that was no disgrace. The sting lay in being coolly overlooked by men whom I knew. Truly I did not feel proud as I stood in a conspicuous place and fingered my programme. How lovely Evelyn looked! She is ounger than I, and a man's girl every inch. f dotft think I was jealous of her, but I yawned behind my fan, and gloomed mournfully as the room filled—but not my card. The guest pie was not well proportioned; there was too little ham for the quantity of veal. Girle were thick, and men scarce. The sight was a pretty one—it always Is but when one's feelings are hurt one's admiring capacity is reduced. ' Butterflies "and black beetles P I said. ' How cn earth can a man be content to be turned into an exaggerated Stiggins with the front corners cut out, instead of dressing as they knew how to in the last century ?' I was speaking, for fault of a better IiBlener, to a shy, gawky child-giant—the sort of companion wall flowers tod. She 6'ggled- I sighed and strangled another yawn. This began kind to wish of thing myself was at not home, inspiriting. -and to make I resolves for the future. I had done so once before. Just then a waltz ended, and a stream of flushed girls glided past me, each on her partner's arm. Of course, I smiled gaily at those I knew, and glanced at my list with a casual air. Names on it were as scarce as money in a poor-house, but positively I was encaged for the next—provided my partner aid me the honour to turn up. Thank heaven he did. And to spite him, myself, and creation, I danced it right through, and felt better. By the end we were both panting, but I had the jov of walking out with him past a wistful group of unappropriated maidens. We sat on the stairs, and talked the usual bosh. Was he \- going to the Heatons' Fancy Dress? No: he hadn t the luck to know them. Had I seen the pantomime? Yes; didn't think much of it. And so on, through the hunting i M t „ d f gating topic, till a distal Wami town ° ^ n S of the coming ; ' Can I find your partner for you * . 'No, thanks, I bate a equare dance. I think I wont go back into the hot room yet. Ifs far pleasanter here.' He smirked, and shot away. Very iifc e i y he<saw through my unconventional request Well; I didn't care. I was tired of my position in the ball-room, labelled • Left.' What I like is to dance, and talk, and be \- smiled at. The next three hops were blanks; it was eiokening! If Evelyn noticed it—and she was sore to question me —she : would iratun-hole some unlcky youth. That I oould not endure. I w&^t built that way.' i Therefore I would not exhibit myself. 2b* Itsin were now practically empty- I would steal op to my room, and, sittinj snugly by the fire, forget my age ani injuries in the railway novel I had left unfinished. No one need ever know ; I might even win the credit of a quiet spoon. A 'mash 1 is very nice indeed. What do you think? My little room was nearly at the top of the house. On the first mght of stairs I disturbed two brace, on the second, one, and then I supposed I had got clear of fellow creatures. With half-angry relief I whisked round the next corner—to find myself mistaken ! My escape was not yet perfect. About five steps further up a young man was leaning against the wall. I rather believe I should have retreated post haste— like the Boers do when they smell General Roberts approaching—had he not sighted me. Our eyes met, and a queer, indescribable thrill made my very fingers tingle. He -was a stranger, however., and I prepared to walk coolly past liim. What business had he to be shirking the ball-room ? There must be a girl in the place. For he was remarkably handsome ; I could see that even in the dim light. Two brilliant eyes shone out of a thin face with a complexion transparent to delicacy. In the same glance an explanation of his concealment here occurred to me. Apparently by some error he had donned fancy dress. I could distinguish the long brocaded vest and velvet knee-breeches, the lace frills, and satin coat of " the early eighteenth century. The costume was a thousand times more becoming than the ordinary study in black and white. Still, I could veil understand the man's bashfulness and hatred of singularity. As I reached him he spoke and bowed. ' Pardon me, madam, I did not think to be discovered here.' His words came slowly and with hesitation. At once I set him down as a foreigner. ' Nor did I expect to find anyone 1 Gentlemen are wanted in the ball-room ; aren't you going down ?' ' Madam, I think not.' * Oh, that's a pity.' I spoke for the sake of speaking, he was gazing so intently into my face. Then I took another step towards my room, but I was not yet to reach it. ' And yon, too, Madam, are a deserter y he asked. ' Well, yes,' I acknowledged, and paused. Then I turned again away. ' What, so hasty ? Ah, dear madam, will you not a little while boar me company f I looked at him before replying. He was certainly extremely handsome, and there was a plaintive strain in his low refined voice that attracted me wonderfully. He seemed unable to take his eyes off my faoe. Since I liked him, what matter that we had not been introduced ? I smiled as I slowly answered— 'All right; I don't mind. We may aa well sit down on the stair in the approved fashion. There's one advantage In remote spot, no one's likely to want to get above us!' I seated myself while speaking, and looked for him to take his place beside me, but he wasn't having any. ' Madam, I crave your forgiveness if I stand.' I looked up and laughed. A nice masher, I thought to myself. -'As_you chpose, of course. But it is awfully embarrassing—worse *thaii in the drawing-room. You tower above mc like a guardian angel,' I said. He smiled, but not sweetly. On the contrary there was a grimness in the expression at that moment that perplexed me. The smile faded, and I was glad.. * It's sinful hot to join the dancers,' I babbled out. 'That you've pat on fancy dress is'no excuse. Everyone will see at a glance that you got mixed between this and the Heatons' of next Thursday. Wasn't that the mistake f * Yes,' he said, and smiled again.. * Well, then, is that your only reason for hiding up here f. 'Not altogether. There many, many years I have not lived in England, tod your manner of talking is difficult to me.' ' Ah, I fanciod you were a foreigner. But what does that signify * People will find yon so much the more interesting. And you speak excellent English, I assure you.' ' Madam, it is because In -your society I feel at ease. . He were • sorry fool who would break away from it. - Do you desire a ball-room? As for me,..I am happier here. Happier reading in your face the. faith and goodness which I seek and seldom find." My cheeks burned. Curiosity and sympathy blended with my bashfulnest^ As a rule I flatter myself on being eloquent in small talk, bat on this occasion words did not flow. My companion continued— ' Did you but know how I worship faith, and goodness, nay, ADOBE them—it—you 1 Alas, madam, which should I aay ? IJntil this moment he had sounded far le«i of his language than at fint, and nad he not now added the question, his JH&ctio; mamDmm would km •Mnenrons and nsoomfortabla. J ' Oh. certainly < them,' I rejoined, stealing another glance at his face. .The lustuous •yes were stHl bent upon me, his skin appeared peWaoa Clearer than ever. How oould I feel Offended with what a man said who looked so ^ll and seemed so lonely I * Are you stayingnear heref 14 1 asked ly itnttnulJhri miiii umIhhi r es, no. My plaoe of ^abc^ is-notjiir-this vioniity. And my time is fibt at my own disposal. But what I can I spend in this house, for it is home-like to Jne. . I am, as one might eay, a relative ofthe Merritts. But I do not know them well; it is with other members of the family I have been more familiar, for ofjate 1 have visited them little,' he added, with a A bitter draught from somewhere caught my bare neck and -arms. I shivered •lightly, and it reminded me of a fresh subject. * Winter seems to be setting in. I expect you find our climate miserable.' * On the contrary, madam, I find it agreeably refreshing. It is a change—a great change from the temperature of my—ah, my home. That, I may say, errte on the side of excessive warmth.' Whereabouts is it ? I daresay I should enjoy it. I always fancy I should love tie ~ luator.' He started visibly,' and an expression I could not read passed over his face. Had he foisted some hidden meaning qpon my words ? I could have bitten my silly tongue. I hurried madly cn lest he should speak. 'But no doubt it : is trying; you look rather delicate.' 'I suffer ..some pain, but there is no disease. ? And it will not'kill me. I am further from dying than I ever Was.' He spoke with extraordinary confidence. If with truth his looks belied him. Still, I had heard of the quenchless hope of i phthisical patient and could not feel happy, ' You have been examined by a doctor ?' * To be candid, madam, I doubt the ability of the faculty to do so. You think I am in a consumption? Not so. I may rather perhaps be compared to a certain famous Burning Bush. Ha, ha i But I thank you for your gentle anxiety. It is very sweet to me.' His laugh had the strangest effect; it made me tremble. The tenderness of the words that followed only partially reassured mo. * I think I ought to go down again now ; it's hardly fair to one's partners to hide here.' '' Ah, no, no, no !' he cried in the low, vehement tone he had used before. ' Stay, madam, I implore—I beseech you ! Must I say more? If you could but know how much, how very much, I want you to stay. Believe me, I need you. . Do I appear to mock when I swear you are more to me than all the world beside ? Is there not a subtle affinity between us ? Was I deceived when I fancied the electrical thrill which throbbed through my being at the sight of you met with a response in your own soul ? Speak, my goddess, speak, I entreat you ! Tell me I am right.' The concentrated passion in his voice awed me; the suddenness of the appeal staggered and confused me.- But my common sense revolted. What did I know of him, or he of me ? Not so much as the name. It was rash, wildly imprudent. And yet—and yet! Hewasright. I had felt the subtle affinity of which he 6poko. It was absurd, ridiculous 1 ~ Nevertheless, down in_my heart ofliearts I knew I already loved him. His jvords were unutterably recious to me. But I dared not to agree, F conld not contradict. , So I*\ept silence. I let him murmur on the broken, ardent sentences that made my heart.beat high and my face glow with a proud shame. Yes, we had loved each other at'first sight. ' Preposterous !'.pried common sense. ' T know it,' replied my laughing heart. * Mad fool!' said common sense. 'But happy fool,' rejoined my heart. And throughout that hour;this strange, new-found lover .of mine did not offer so much as to touch my hand. Had he done so I would not have resisted, but I loved him all the better for the self-control underlying this abstinence. W e talked no more of climate and people. I don't think we talked much at alL But the time slid by, and I only knew I was beside him who had suddenly become closer, dearer to me than ever man before or since; Suddwi? Oh, yes ; it was very sudden. What of that ? Am I the first T * * * * » All this time the dance was proceeding. The supper passed unheeded by two people at least, who were sublimely oblivious of TOch worldly concerns. Who wants supper that has the sweetest thoughts, and looks, and tones, to feed upon? ' At length the rustling of many dresses and the high chirr of many women's voices came up to us, and onbe msec time forced itself upon my-consciousnSw; ' The dance must be over,' I cried. ' Guv DEW' (we had got so far), 'I dare not answer you at once. Yon say you are spending the night herev ao am L Only wait till to- morrow morning for a definite replj. . . Yes, I do care for you, but the question is BO great—AO vitaL Toa most let me think alone. Leave me! Iam not asking much. Give me a few hours in -miefc to realise my own feelings. 0«od aij^i, dear Guy.' And goud~night to yoa, my queen!' And he had gone, with never a kigs or a hand-press. Trembling, dazed, hut withal blissful, I hurried down, to hear Evelyn askingeverywhere what had become of me. She flew at me when I appeared. "•Oh, you sly pusst You've been out with a vengeance I Now, its nojise fibbing to me, for ^ " ^ S S v ^ * ! fast^aa you deny it. - itrs positively SHOCKing, but if you have managed to enjoy yourself, that?s the chief thing. Nearly all the folk have gone; as eoon aa we tore ed off the last we'll awa^ to by-by. ft it been successful? Every one congratulating us. And though ifs I says it as shouldn't, the ices were really cold, and the soup wad really hot f CHAPTER n. I walked upstairs with my arm linked in Evelyn's, trying, but failing, to listen to her gay gossip. My head was in a whirl. What. was real ? What was imaginary ? Where and who was Guy? If Evelyn would but cease her prattle and speak of him ! Had nobody missed him ? Was he of so little account ? I felt indignant on his behalf yet I would not imention him. * . . . and to my knowledge she gave him six dances, ffti wonder poor old Jim was green !' We had reached my room and Evelyn had thipwn herself down into an easy chair. I dropped into an opposite one. . .. - - ' Irs too abominably late, to stop up,' she announced, laughing. <1 think we've quizzed everyone now. But, I say, you naughty girl ' " I interrupted her. I' knew what was coming, and I didn't want it. I desired that she should name Guy herself, and I tried to force it. 'Did all whom you expected turn up, Evelyn f ' Yes. At least I didn't miss anybody.' Then Guy must have seen Evelyn and excused himself to her. But why did she not mention him ? Could it be—oh, could it—that she. too, cared for him ? I had fancied her heart was set on another man, but there's no reckoning on girls. Where they are most secret the danger lies. Evelyn chattered on, and I dimly heard of someone looking ' perfectly sweet' in a ravishing eau-de-nil brocade. Then she abruptly exclaimed— ' But you haven't given me a report of your evening. Who had the nerve to monopolise three-fourths of it V ' Never yon mind ! 4 It's seky,' as the children say. But I've enjoyed myself hugely.' ' How mysterious we are 1 I must unearth it somehow. Glad you've had a good time 1 Sleep well.' And with a butterfly kiss and a merry laugh Evelyn vanished. She left me no wiser concerning Guy. But after all, why should I want to know more than that he loved me ? The business side ? Bother the business ! If I am near thirty, my faith and-sentiment are not extinct. I was ready to chance the business side. He was honourable. I would have, staked my life on that; and nothing else mattered. I was not penniless, nor, I felt sure, was he. Yes, 1 was happy and content—too happy j to deep. I waB ready for bed, had blown I my candle out, and had combed my hair in the fitful fire-light for a full half hour. Nothing was left in the grate but a layer of glowing cinders. I fidgeted them about with the ' curate ' poker, as I went over and over in my mind my too brief conversation with Ony. * A good night to yoi,' my heart's queen f How sweetly those parting words rang " my head. ' ! ' Yes, Guy,* I murmured, ' this is indeed a good night'to me.' How silly ! Those two-embers were not really like Guy's brilliant eyes, but they had conjured up that pale and striking face before me with wonderful vividness. What a face it was ! His smile only had jarred upon me as not beautiful, and I declare it held^ fascination in its bitterness. Doubtless he had gone through fiery trouble, of which I should hear, and it had left its trace. My poor Guy ! A cinder dropped on to the hearth and died. I shivered involuntarily, and stirred the coals afresh. But the poker seemed only to kill the fire now, and I laid it aside. I started. Somebody had entered the room. I felt rather than heard that I was no longer alone. It. was with a feeling akin to terror that I turned round, though I know not what I expected. Close beside me stood Guy] He was still, I could "faintly perceive, in the ruffles and brocade of a Georgian gallant. My heart leaped into my throat. lathe dull red gloom his face stood out in ghastly pallor. What did he mean by |£ifi ? His condnct was exceedingly wro% *(&d; I must show him. that I thought it .so. In trembling amazement I arose, blushing painfully. " • ' Leave this room at once,'I commanded; 'you have no business whatever to oome here, and yon must be aware of it Had I conceived it possibL ... — again as you «d erstwhile. How could I absent myself from you whan I love ' W^L ic eflbrt I had regarded H^ttTbS^1" 11 * The belirope hung by the bedside. advanced towards it. His figure mevwd. between me and the fire. AID THBOTTQH IT I SAW TOT U P COALS ! AH in an instant I realised that it was no man. With a convulsion ^ " d^Aea^^pnll^my) ' ran it waa - oefore "K1; _ Afhite fingian touchtfcifrope «>bvB'®r as if It, too>,would ring. Immediately ton cord broke, and I found but the end and taooel In my -gram. I fell back with an attempt to shriek, but for a. minute two gleaming orbs seemed to paralyse me. * What a misfortune ! We cannot sound an alarm. TJ u t at least let ns make the best of it.' I rushed to the door with a screaming sob. But that terrible hand had rested on the handle before I could reach it ' - It was instantly withdrawn, but when I touched the knob it tumbled on the floor: Shuddering and helpless I sank to the ground. The figure stood over me, and I believed my last hour had come. Could it be that I had loved this loathly thing ? In exceeding terror and hatred I sought to cover my face with my hands. And I could not. Those glittering eyes were burning their way into my souL And they held me. Slowly the figure bent down over me. could not stir a finger. Then it kissed me on the lips ; and it -was as if a red-hot iron were pressed upon them—or an icicle, I know not which. I prepared, to die.; Inpable of utterance, with a final "mighty ort I traced with my finger the Sign of the Cross. There was'a hellish groan, indescribable in the intensity of its horror. That? was all. . . The awful It had gone, and was alone—a prisoner. A dizziness seized me and I all but fainted. Then slowly, silently, the door- swung open on its own accord. \- Fresh terror spurred me to action, and lent me strength and speed. I fled from the room and along the dark deserted . passages, not knowing whither 1 went. Suddenly I ran up against a belated maid servant with a candle. Before she could go into hysterics I inquired sharply for Evelyn's room. She pointed it out to me. I burst in. Evelyn was asleep. I flung myself beside her and clung to her, sobbing and crying like a child. It was a long while before I was able to tell her in broken snatches what I had gone through. She wrapped her arms around me, kissed me, and held me tight. But she said" not a word. A horrid dread flashed across me. ' Evelyn, say you believe me. If you think me mad, I shall become so—or die.' * My poor darling, believe you ? Of course I do. Have I not reason to ? she muttered under her breath. I sprang up. ' Why, Evelyn, have you seen him—It ? Who—what is he ? If you love me, tell me everything.' ' Will you not wait until to-morrow V 'Oh, no, no. Tell me now. I feel I must know alL Sleep? I think I shall never sleep again. Only keep tight hold of me. Thank heaven you are flesh and blood, Evelyn !' There was silence for a minute. Thai she spoke, slowly but steadily. ' It is the ghost of Guy Merritt. I have never seen him, but othere have. They say he is the curse of our family, but of late the ranees have been so rare that the tale fair to become a merer legend.- He is. an ancestor of ours who lived in George L's reign, and was so bad a man folk called him ' The Devil's Squire.'' 'How do you mean? A murderer? A robber?*-. • \- ' Yes, for he robbed girls' souls of faith and slew their purity. He left behind him rhany a shameful monument. When only thirty he died in the midst of his debauchery. Tradition says he possessed a strange, irresistible fascination ' I clutched Evelyn tighter, and my teeth chattered ae she said these words. Noticing it, she hastened on— ' Well, that is alL With his dying breath he boasted of his impenitence, and passed away claiming the devil as his liege lord. Since that day his wicked spirit, clothed as of old, has from time to time haunted this house, as if seeking—oh, my dear !—to drag others after him.' Slowly the daylight crept in, and found UB quivering in each other's grasp—I, haggard and deathlike, with a large white blister upon my lip. This, a door knob, and a yard of belirope, were the sole traces of my hellish visitant. But the horror of that awful night is anon me stall! mm WAS A FFIUKOSH, aowsvra, AVD I FBK*AKBI> TO WALK COOLLY PAST KIIL 