,/ 'i ( icoifPiZT# m mis xssus.i 'I'm I S S I N G, 317 , , f A. CLARKE LITTLE. . ooEXsmar. 1 HE clear ring ing noteof toe oharge Sound ed, and stride by stride toe pacoin creased, as twelve hun- ,dred men and hortos; swept forward, irre sistible as an \- avalanche. . Thirst and fatigue for- . gotten, shot and shell sing- / ing overhead, \- or throwing up volcanoes' or Band in ' front, and ploughing through toe ranks dis regarded. A glow of wild enthusiasm, only to be felt on the battlefield, stirred the heart, ' : end lit toe eye of every man, as toe steed ho bestrode caught the spirit of its rider, prioked ' Us ears, and neighed in response to the cheer that went up from every throat. A ringing eheer, so different from that of other nations, .yet indescribable, sonorous, and prolonged. A sound once heard, never forgotten; toe battlecry of men who will do or die. Leading his squadron, well to the front of the first line, rode Captain Seagrave, perforce of oironmstances rather than by inclination, and wishing himself well ont of it. Suddonly his home gave one wild plunge, then foil to \- earth,- the rider with it, stunned by tho shook. \- The brigade passed over them. v Slowly consoionsness returned, and tho \- captain with difficulty freed himself from toe . body of his horse, and struggled to his ... feet , relieved to find himself uninjured, save for a sprained ankle, lmt hrniBod and shaken. \- How long he had iain unconscious he knew jnot. The din of battle came faintly from toe " .distance. A thick olond of dust, raised by Itoe charging cavalry, hung heavily in toe 'air, and might have hnng so for hours, un moved by a breath of wind, ohsouring every thing. HeedlcBS of the eries of 9 wounded soldier, less fortunate than himself, who lay beneath a horse that rolled in death's agony, he turned, his steps towards toe British camp. As he limped painfullv along through toe burning sand his head cleared,- and he began to remember events preceding his fall. Pausing a moment, he drew a letter from his pooket, and read it carefully through. An evil smile of satisfaction lit his cruel hand- \- some face too while. He had received that 1 letter early in toe day) and barely glanced at \- it before going into action. It told him ; clearly that he had succeeded to a title and u : vast fortune, to which he had fancied his : chance was bnt remote. This man had not the redeeming virtue of bravery possessed by many a villain, so toe \- war was not to hiB teste. He had only come .out with this regiment into whioh he had just exchanged, 'as a last refuge from dnns and 1 other troubles. Now he conld go home with ' safety, and, thanks to hie spill, with honour even; wounded in action, his horse shot under him, a hero ! Regardless of time and place, he continued his journey for hours, absorbed in tho con templation of a brilliant future, building ; castles in toe air, till fatigue brought his . wandering thoughts haok to the present, and \- -the desert. He looked at his ' watch, and saw that it was evening. Theoloud of dust no 'longer veiled his vision, and toe sounds of strife had ceased. There was not a sign of the camp, and as his eyes wandered over toe wide expanse of lifelesB desert he could not . xecogniso a single landmark that might gnide . him. . For a time he stood bewildered and irreso- . Into, then his eyes rested on an object in the . sand, and he was irresistibly drawn, towards it. It was his own horse, just as he had left it hours' before. No, not as he had left it, .the saddle and bridle were gone ! Then, for the first time that day ho thought of tho wounded soldier who had cried to him for help, and ho turned to the Bpot -where man and horse had rolled, bat the rider was gone, ' and the hora9 lay dead. With an impatient ourse he kioked toe ' noble animal that bad borne so brave a part in toe battle that day, and sank upon the sand beside it, overwhelmed with consternation as he slowly realised his position. He had tramped the desert for weary hours, only to return, exhausted, to the very spot .from which he had started. Meanwhile, a fatigue party had been ont to look after too wounded. What had been the issue of the battle' he conld not tell, and the British army r might he moving he knew not whither.' ; Probably he was reported missing by this ' j time. At- this very moment toe newspaper jboys might he shoating in Piccadilly - ' " Great battle in toe Desert, list of killed and 1 wounded. An officer missing." Often had \- snoh cries fallen unheeded on 'his ears ; now. he felt their significance. His young brother probably knew now that he was loBt, and was already congratulating himself on toe prospects of a title and a fortune. Corse that young brother, bow he hated him, and be dug his heel in toe sand, forgetful of his ".injured foot. A -sharp cry burst from his .lips, as a spasm of pain shot through him, and brought his thoughts onoe more to the desert. The instinot of self- preservatiou is strong, and exhausted as he was, he struggled to ' his . feet. Night was coming on apace. Half toe ' cun was already below toe horizon. . There, away in toe distance, standing ont . clearly againBt the dazzling.light of the west, was an objoot. the very sight of which put v new life into him. A rooky hillook, topped ' . with a stunted palm-tree, broke the eky line. \- He hod been long enongh in toe desert to ; know that this indicated : water. There at ! least was one of tho elements necessary to' his salvation, for ho was now suffering acutely from thirst, and he hurried as best he could towards it. It was a long and paiuful journey, for dis tance is deceptive in the desort. : The sun had disappeared, and too stars were shining brightly from the blue vault of heaven by the time he reached toe hill. Then a fear seized him that the rooks might .- conceal a foe, drawn there like himself, by the want of water. Very cautiously, with a band on his revolver, ho scrambled up, but toe place was deserted. At last he stood upon the summit, and a tiny pool of water in the . hollow below gladdened bis eyes. A moment : after a cry of despair broke from him, for on tho surface floated the dead and swollen body 'of a camel, oast there by the Dervishes on abandoning tho well, and . a horrid stenoli -. filled toe air. Fall of rage and disgust, ho' > 1 threw himself upon airook, too exhaaetod for , (further effort. - : Hour after hour he sat, his head between : his hands, and a wild ohaos of fear 'and des pair in his heart. Bitterly he cursed toe im- v . petuoua folly that had led him wandering in i the howling wilderness alone, further and further from help. Why had he not stood by (his wounded comrade? By now he would at- least have been safe, perhaps even on his way . home to actually inhabit those glorious easties 1 in toe air his fanoy had, only a few hours ago, been busy building. The cup of happiness ' . /; -which had been his that morning was suatohed . from bis lips. He was lost, hopelessly lost. Alone in- the desert, and unablo to walk, he -would dio a lingering death, from starvation or thirst.. Worse than toat, perhaps he might jail into tho hands of tho enemy and he ,, tortarA to death. . . The wildest outburst of passion is limited . ' . however by the powor of human endurance. 'As exhaustion grow upon hint he became . calmer. Then, as despairing men will do; ' when they have made their last effort, and \- the future seems blotted oat, he fell to thinking of the past. It was a bad past, fall of heartless, deeds ' and nets of ernel selfishness, with not a single redeeming point toat passed in roviow .before hie weary brain that night. Of the many eplspdea forgotten and thrust aride was one which haunted him. It was only one . ont of many equally discreditable, ' y et every detail stood oat as clearly aa If it had 'only happened yesterday. Bow well he remembered toe first time he saw-her, a, happy rustip beauty, the joy of her : ' old. father, and too jgrido-ol George: Staosj; the young farmer to whom she was engaged. It wae two years agoi 'on . jnst enoh a starlit evening'as.tois that he hadmet toe pair.loiter; ing as'lovers will in a country ltino, happy in their simple way, toe, whole world to - one another. .' \ Struck with her beauiy he . soon discovered, (that she was toe gamokeeper's daughter, i As ..a gentleman from toe Hall, it. was not un natural thht he should speak to her. when, they mot. These- meetings became- more .frequent, and casual remarks dovetoped into Jong conversations. Young and nfcsohooled in toe ways of the World,, toe wss attraoted. Tho handsome soldier's gay talk of a world unknown to hor amused bor, and his flattery turned her silly head ' Tho yonng farmer had not been blind to what was going on,, and hod remonstrated with hor kindly enongh, but with a woman's . love of coquetry she had laughed and .fanned the growing flame of jealousy.- Thon Staoey had spoken to him in a straightforward, manly way, pleadingfor his "one ewe lamb," hut he had sneered at him and hade him mind hisownaffairs. A quarrel followed, a lovers' Snarrel, toat would have passed like a summer lower but for hia rile soheming. After that they had met more frequently, the girl in open defiance of her lover's wish. How distinctly toe smallest detail of that heartless intrigue pome baok to him to-night. Day by day he had snoered ather mstio lover, until toe foolish girl began to wonder what she had ever seen in him. He talked to her of the brilliant world in whioh Bhe wae horn tn.shine, till she was mad to onterit. It was the old, old story, a vain foolish girl and a soheming villain, whioh terminated in the nsaal way. Promises made, without toe remotest idea of their being kept. Persuasion prevailed, and the hapless girl fled with him. . A few weeks and ho had tired of hor. The new world proved but a gilded cage, in which she fretted away her good looks, ever vainly imnloring.him to fulfil his promise, Weary of her importunity and angered at her altered looks, he left her suddenly to shift for herself. What had become of hor heneithor thought nor eared. One woman more or less was nothing to him; For happy lives rained and homes made desolate he cared loss. It was strange, he thought, that his mind should go back to the forgotten episode this night. So vividly did he recall every detail toat he even seemed to hear the girl's pitoons voice in hor last heartbreaking appeal. Strive as he would he eould not think of other things. At intervals he slept a restless sleep, but sleeping or waking, toe ghost of toe post haunted him. From one of these intervals of troubled sleep ho woke with a start. Instinot told hiin that he was no longer alone, and a strange feeling of approaching danger warned him. In an instant ho was wide awoko, and on the alert. The moon had risen whilst he slept, and a ladder of light stretched down from it to where he stood. Moving towards him aoross the desert came a mounted figure that seemed to travel this path of light. Slowly and noiselessly it approaohed. Whether it were friend or foe, riding horse or cumel, ho eould not toll. He only knew that it was coming steadily, as with a fixed purpose, towards' him, silent and ghost-like, from toe darkness of the desort. - Some wandering Bedonin coming to toe well for water, he . thought. No English soldier tvould he eo far from the army nlone at night. Perhaps he had not yet been seen'. He would orawl round to toe other side of toe hillook, and wait too development of events. Stiff from his adventures of toe day before, and cramped from sitting so long in one position, it was only with great diffionlty that he dragged himself slowly along. As he crawled paihfnlly on hands and knees) casting, frequent fearfnl glances ' over his shoulder, : the' figure approached rapidly. Now he could see that it was a horse toat was ridden , as to the rider he was as yet none tho wiser. % Suddenly a sound, faint distant, struok his ear, and he paused to listen. As the horseman, drew nearer the sound in creased, and he recognised toe unmistakable olink of a oavalryman's accoutrements. Could it bo possible that the rider was a British soldier, lost like himself? His heart bounded within, him at the thought, only to sink again as ho realised the improbability of this. More than likely it was a foe who had fonnd the horse. Friend or foe he was approaohing rapidly, and a short time wonld decide. Concealment was out of the ques tion, if indeed he had not already been seen. Grasping his/ revolver, Seagrave waited in an agony of suspense. With anxious eyes he scanned the horseman from head to foot, hoping to discover something in his dress or equipment that might reveal his identity. He carried a spear, hut that did not prove him an enemy, for eome of toe English cavalry had adopted toe native Weapon. He wus bare-headed — then he most he a native. But what were those glittering points at his heels? Spurs, surely ! And the broad white strap across toe bodv from shoulder to' waist? The haversack band of course. Yes! Thank God, it was a British soldier, armed and equipped, bnt without a helmet. One of his own regiment, too 1 He could even see that now, and he shouted for joy. In another moment the soldier halted in front of him, and Seagrave looked into the face of the man ho had left wounded toe morning before. For a time offioer and man stood looking at eaoh other. The oaptuin felt deoidedly un comfortable, there was a wild look in the soldier's eye, and his boaring was insubor dinate, not to say insolent. Lane, for that was the soldier's name, had not been long in the regiment. As a soldier he was irreproachable, smart, ondintelligent. With his comrades, however, he was not popular. He had not their lightoeartedness, was unsociable, and uncommunicative. These qualities, combined with an air of gloom whioh he habitually wore, led to the supposi tion that he was a man with a past, and ho was avoided. Seagrave was the first to speak, but., in a tone very different to toe sharp, bullying ono ho generally used' to his men: "Well, my man," ho faltered, "I am glad to see you. I have loBt my way, hut. between us, and with the help of the horse, wo. ought' to manage to -get hook to too damp. He thought it best to , forget the incident of the morning, and hoped toat the other would do the same. ' ' The soldier sat still upon his horse, and it was long briore he spoke, hat when he-did his voioo was toiok ohd> tremblod with emotion. i"Ialso am glad to see you," he replied. " It is d long account we two have to Battle, : and here, alone, with God as witnesB, we can settle it." . - This Was a startling speeoh, and a look of deadly hatred settled on too man's face as he made it. He was dangerous, perhaps mad, the captain thought, ho must ne humoured for tho presont. Plenty of time to knock the Oheek out of .him onoe they were safe in oainp, and ho adopted a oonofliatory tone with a poor attempt at feeling at his ease. _ "Quite right, my man, I shall be deeply, indebted to you and will reward you liberally whon we get baok to the camp." "Reward mel" oried the other. "Yon Cannot. Can you give back the past ? Can you restore happiness to ruined lives ? Can yon bring the Head to lifo ? It is not reward that I Book, but vengeonoo. It is for this that I have waited and watohed, and now my hour has oome. Murderer! Blackguard!'' and he uprang to toe ground, his looks threatening and determined. " What, you daro to threaton me, on officer, you mutinous insolent dog?" shouted the captain, now thoroughly alarmed. "Do yon' know what you ure doing? Do you know that I can have you shot ?" Then assuming a persuasive tono, What nonsense it is you ato talking — of vengeance and too dead. .Come, let us have no more of this, but bo off." And he moved towards the horse, bnt the eoldier thrust him book. . "Nonsense !" ho oried. "Your memory Is short, but listen and I will toll yon. My story is long, let us sit.'-' . ' They seated' toeotsolves, eaoh on a - rook, 1 facing eaoh other, and tho soldier began in a calmer time 1 . : ' " , " Not so lbng ago that it cannot be remem bered, there 'lived, for away from here, a, happy country lad and loss. They : were happy because thoy were ..content, sad tho crowning joy of their happiness was their leva for one another. Thoy were to: be married. The youth was a small- tenant-farmer, and never did a farmer work moro . obterily, from sunrise to sntidowti ; whistling and singing at his work, as eaoh farrow turned, and each load' of hay stocked brought him nearer to tho girl that he loved. '. She was the light 'of her old father's life and a r»y of sunshtnoo.aU who knew hor, iit ? ,-sho was1 one to work fet and hp pioud of. . Nevbr wPfe lovers happier. Perhaps .they ' were too -happy, and so. were punished.-- ' 'A- ' "Timewenton,andaBmallolondarose. A stronger Dome; nndoirotunstanoea of ton, throw tho girl across his path. ) AnxiouB at this, for too strangor waa a man of evil repute, the lover spoke to.her for,- she,', was too innocent to see dougtg herself) of, 'the risk she ran from slandering tongues, in ossooiating with snoh a man. She laughed at Ms. fears as groundless, and teased him for his joaloupy. Then the anxious lover spoke to the stranger. He spoke respectfully and honestly, for the stranger was . a ' gentleman, and he bnt a small fermor. .Tho stranger enoorod, called him 'a bumpkin, and told him to mind hia own business. . " The serpent had entored tho paradise, and. day by day as the farmer toiled it whispered temptation into toe ears of its victim. Sho grew dissatisfied with her lot, and at last fled with the villain who profnised to many . her. " The captain soon grew tired; of his now toy, and threw her aside as lightly as toe end. of a oigar. Meanwhile her father, died of a' broken heart. " I followed them to London) for I loved her, and would have married her even then. Ah, yop start! Yon -never recognised in Lone, the smart trooper of the to DragoouB, the bumpkin farmer, John Staoey, you once sneered at. " But to continue my story. For weeks I sought them in vain. At last I -found her, leading the life of an outcast on the streets of London. Left penniless, and ashamed to return home, hardship and misery wdre fast olaiming too ill-starred life. A fortnight aftor I found her we' laid her beside her father, under the shadow of the old ohuroh at home." The soldier- pausedfor a moment; his voice ohoked with emotion. When he spoke again it was hard and firm. " As too earth closed over Ruth's wave I knelt and vowed to Heaven , that I wonld devote my life to one objoot. That woe, to follow yon, if need he to the ends of the earth, and with my own handto take your life, for the life of toe girl you more than murdered. "A stab with a -knife, or a shot from a pistol might have done this at any time, but it was not my intention to do the work of a common assassin. -To complete my vengeance I determined to see you die,-kno wing why you had to die, and who killed you. "I joined yonr regiment under an assumed name, thinking toat the ohdn'ces of a soldier's life: would give me the opportunity that I sought. Mirny a time have I been tempted to slay you, but, day by day, I have stayed my hand, believing that the- honr I hoped and prayed for would come. It has come at last : too hour of fnll retribution. ' " Had you but known this yesterday, when you left me helpless under my horse, how easily, you might have turned the tables. Fate has ordered it otherwise, and has brought mo here to you. . > - "All yesterday I wandered in the desert, for I freed myself from my horso, and found another. As night came on I renohed a woll of good water, and determined to rest there. I slept, and dreamed, as I have often dreamed, of toe past, and of ray dead love. Then my dream changed) and again I was riding in tho desert searching for ray enemy.- All day I rode, and the 'sun went down. ' Darkness cbvered the desert, still I rode on and the stars oame out. There was one bright star, larger and brighter than any of the others, and to this I steered) riding' straight towards it. As I rode I came to a Btirail hill where there were many rooks. At the foot of one of the rooks lav a man asleep, and as I looked npon hisfnoe l saw that it was the man I sought': Then I awoke. \- "Tho stars seemed to fill the heavens; bnt there was one larger and brighter than the others. ' There it sparkled and shone just as I had seen it in my dream, and seemed to beokon me towards it. I mounted my horse and rode again, for I knew then that tho hour for whioh I had lived and prayed had almost eome. Soon a small rook-strewn hill, with a stunted tree on the summit, appeared. It was the hill of my dream, and here,. at its base, I find the object of my search." Oohscience-stricken and terrified; the captain's heart sank within him as the soldier spake. All hope of mercy left him as he looked into toe relentless eyes toat seemed to burn into bis very son, and he shifted hie glance uneasily.' The suspense of the long Bilenoe which followed became intolerable. "Well, what do you propose to do?" he asked, with all the calmness he could assume. "Dot Fight yon to too death ! Kill you, inoh by inch. You arq tt soldier, and you have a sword. Draw it and defend yonrself, or I shoot you like a dog." And the soldier drew his sword. " That is impossible ! I cannot stand— my foot is injured ; I am wounded." " Liar and coward ! You mhst die a dog's death then !" hissed the soldier, as he sheathed hiB sword and took Mb carbine from the saddle. ."Wait! . Not yet," cried the officer, wild with fear, and determined to tnaka one appeal. " I have something to tell you ; something that.I cannot tell you when I am dead." " I will give you time to confess, if there is any orime toat yon can atone for before yon die. See! The sun trill rise soon; the sky is bright in the east, and the stars are dim. The first glimpse of the sun shall be the signal for your death, and may God have meroy on you." . Long and earnestly the miserable man pleaded far his life. He urged his doep contrition for the evil-done, and offered any sum of money tho Boldier might namo, as well as silence, if he -would spare him. .What would be too good of - vengeanoe ? he asked. Would it not be better to go through life a rich man than poor? And haunted by the shadow, of a cold-bloodod murder — tho murder of a wounded and helpless man. Was not his humiliation sufficient vengeance ? Stacey sat nnmoved, even smiling at his agony. Then, raving and swearing, ho called down curses on his tormentor. If he oould but distract his attention for a moment, he thought, he might shoot him with the revol ver he still carried. Bnt the soldier read his thoughts, and kept a watohful eye upon his viotiin, as he hold his carbine ready. Day was coming oh apace. Brighter and brighter grew the. east. One by one the stars disappeared. Thb little Band-martins were twittering among- the rooks, and toe two men cast long, ghostlike shadows aoross the sand. Only a few minntos now, and the suu wonld bo np— the last sun that Seagrave wonld ever Wiffl with terror he threw himself at. too soldier's feet, and grovelled in too ..dust, weeping, praying, and begging for meroy, in wild Incoherent words. Kioked and spurned, he at last rose, exhausted, and east himself on. a rock to wait too end. . Both men were silent now, watching too glowing east ; two ghastly ohieots seen fit the gray light of dawn, their uniforms -torn and soiled with service, their fades distorted with passion, more like devils than men. . 80 they sat, eaoh deep in his own thoughts,- till in the meohanical, almost unconscious way the soldier unstrapped his water bottle, ahu put it to his lips. An involuntary gasp esoaped the officer aa ho heard toe water gargling. He had drunk nothing since the morning Of yestorday: The soldier heard toe: gasp, and looked np. In a' moment he had handed the bottle to his enemy, who drank greedily , It was a trifling inoident, common enongh on serrioo, toat passing.- of a water bottle in eflenoe, but it chanced toe whole ourrent of events. , Tho ono little kipdnoss, done by himself, more to soften the hardened and revengeful than than all tho prayers and entreaties of his intended vietim. A ktndlior light crept into Ms eyes, and the' orttol lines slowly left Ms faoo. , At length a tiny diso of light cat tob horizon.' Soagravc's eyes Were fixed upon it With ti terrible fOeelhatiOtu "All too quickly it grew as he watohed, climbing the heavens inoh by inoh us it seemed, till at last the siln' ehoho fleroo and -radiant -over the dowrt. Still the -soldier eat motionless with eyes that : looked into too-dlslattee, yet saw nothing. . Too glad ef'too respite) Seagrave remained silent. Then;- as he looked cautiously at Staoey (fearing that , even a glanoo wonld remind him of hla purpose), ho noticed too ohange of expression. Oould it ' he possible, . "he wondered) . that too man waa relenting even at toe eleventh hour ? ' And a gleatn of hopp entered his sonl. , He knew toat 'he "was Absolutely at this man's meroy,- and that neither prayer nor bribery wonld movo . him. It was always With a boating heart that ho east ; his-Mealtoy glanoes at-him, while the son rose higher ' in the heavens, — . i Suddenly jtho soldier. 8prang)to:,hlsfeet with an air Of determination,' and Seagrave tremblod, for- ho knew that ; tho . critical hand on toe bridfe he walked beside- Mm, out into the desert. >' For some time, they marched tons iri silence, then Seagrave ventured to question, M Mere are wo going ?" '. (" The man's voioo. was calm and. respeotfni when ho' answered, "To find the army, sir, if possible." \\. ' "How can we do that? Do yon -know whiah direction to tako ?" "Yea, air, 1 think we should "go to the. east. We do that by watching tod position of the san, or the stars at night. At all events wo shall get to tho river, and stand a ood ohaneo of meeting a patrol." That lere was quite as much ohanco of meeting a . parly of the enemy both " knew,) bnt neither referred to this, fact. ' The' journey was - continued in . silence. Seagrave conld not niderstand the change in his companion. - Ouo thing, " however, was certain, the man did not intend to kill him, and that was a relief. But why this silence ? If he meant extorting money, "why did he not do so now, when he had' him at :his meroy? What a fool ihe fellow .was to let hia ohanoea Blip by like 'this!' And the prospeot' of immediate ganger past, tho captain chuokled to himself) That a' man should forgive hia enemy, , and even. help him) ho. could not realise. He judged all men from his own selfish standpoint. Never had he willingly done a kindly action that caiiBed him' the > slightest inconvenience. He would not, had tho position been reversed, have let his' vietim off without extorting a good round earn. They had travelled for seme honrs, the snn /was near the zenith, and not a sign of ' friend or foe had they met. Still the same boundless waste of sand stretohed. in every direction, not a eingle object broke the monotony. A feel ing of security grew upou Seagrave; toe danger that had menaced ' him no longer existed, indeed the presence of his companion now added to hie prospcots of safety. The further they marched the more confi dent ho' became. With toat revulsion of feeling, bo characteristic of the weak and cowardly, he waB as sanguine now as he had been full of terror and apprehension a little while before. - Onco more bis' mind was busy with the future ; now doubly attractive since it had been so nearly lost. Not a thought had_ he for the misery sown broadcast, so foroibly brought home to Mm the night before. The bright young girl and the old man lying side by ride far away in the country, ohnrohyard were forgotten. As to tho soldier tramping wearily' bv his ride whilBt ho rode his horse, rnoro fool he. But wait. - This man had still to be reckoned with ; whilst he lived Seagrave would .'never he safe ; a sword wonld hang over Me head, ready to fall at any moment. That he had' abandoned his murderohs purpose, and scorned the idea of compensation, Seagrav;e Was certain. Still the man would be athorn in his . side, and a constant source , of anxiety ; there was no knowing whon he would rake up the past, and make things unpleasant. This was a new aspect of the fnturo, and the captain gave a long whistle as the idea strack him. !' What is it, sir ?" said toe soldier, pausing and looking round. "Do you see anything?" " Oh, no, nothing hut sand,'! he answered, hurriedly, "my foot psins me, lot us go on.": . . "Perhaps if I unloose the laee of your boot it might. be easier, sir." Silenoe assented) and tendefly as a ' woman the soldier bent over the iujurea foot, undoing toe lace with deft' fingers. .Watching him and wondering at toe lightness of his touoh, ah evil inspiration oame to Seagrave. Why not rid himself of toe man? Bo no longer wanted his help, and progress was slow, one of them walking. Ho know the way well enongh now, and could get along much quicker by himself. "Dead men toll no tales.". Here were they two ulone what would he easier than to shoot him as he stooped over Mb work of mercy. . . As the idea grew upon him he cast his eyes round the desert, half fearing ' that - some witness might have sprang from the sand. Nothing mot his scarohing.gaze, not oven a olond of ' dust. The same endless waste' of sand stretched around' to ' whero the sky seemed to meet and gird it with a circle of blue. Stronger and stronger toe temptation grew, as the unconscious sdl&ior.; still bent oyer his foot. Providence itself seemed- to have sent this opportunity". It was murder he contemplated, but that did not trouble h\m ; the man was in his way, and must go.' ' No one wonld lmow how he died ; even if his body were discovered he wonld ho reported killed by the enemy. Stealthily he drow his revolver, and pointed it at the head bent beside, him. How his hand shook. A little nearer if ho wished to make qnite certain of his aim. ' Now toe muzzlo was almost touching his ear. :What a weight toe trigger was. Would it never go off ? He seemed to he a lifetime;as he pressed with all his might. Great God) suppose the man looked up-and caught Mm iu the act ! A sharp report, a olond of blue smoke and a -reeling form. But, what was that he looked upon aB tho smoke oleared away ? The man still lived, and grasped the bridle wito both hands. As he sank,on. his knoos beside the horse, his eyes, wide open, tnrried upwards to his mntdercr his mouth moving as if ho wonld speak but uttering only inartionlate sounds, a ghastly hue of death oh his face, and blood trioklihg down hiB nock staining hie coat, and falling in great dark spots upon toe sand. It is a fearfnl thing, to look upon a dying /oe, elain by ono'e own hand in battle ; bnt what is that compared to wataMng the death struggle of a murdered comrade, innocent and deeply wronged in life. An overwhelming desire to flee from toe scene possessed' the murderer. Ho tried to shako the bridle free, but toe dying man held tight. Then, in wild frenzy he beat upon his knuoklos with too butt of bis revolver, shout ing hoarse ourses and imprecations, "but the grip of the dying fingers tightened, and thoBe wide staring eyes struok fresh" terror into his oravon soul. Would the mau never die and leave him free to go on his way. Mad with terror and rage he firod toot after shot at his helpless victim, till his revolver was empty,' bat .without effeot; his hand trembled so tost the bullets sped harm lessly over the desert, and he threw the empty weapon aftor toein in disgust) Then' with spur he plied tho horse unmercifully, but the frightened animal only plunged and reared, while too death grip still hold tight. Most he sit there and watch too man die? Impossible ! . His brain reeled at the very thought; and he sprang to tho ground intent on leaving the spot. For a short distance he dragged nimsou aoross the sand, and sat down with Ms hack to the scene to await toe end. Tho man cotild not live long, -he thought, and whon dead wonld i-olqx his grip on the bridle, and leave him there to go on his way- onoe more. From time to time ho looked book with a shudder, hoping far eome movement that would toll -him tost tho end had come. Long he sat, and the suu was once more sinking ; still toe two figures remained motionless; too horse standing to if oarved from stone, and the man crouching beside it. The fear of passing another night alone in the desort at length overcome his horror.of returning to the soene of the tragedy. The man was doad ; his open mouth seemed to form tho word murderer, and his eyes looked unutterable roproaoh. His hand still grasped tho bridle, with averted head Sea grave shook it gently, hut the. dead fingers still held on. Then, with all Ma might be jerked and tugged, but In vain. The grip of the dead was stronger than that iff the living. Growing eaoh moment more anxious ho knelt, and tried to open toe esld fingers. A chill ran through him- as he touoheH toofn, hut for all Mb efforts not ono nlom dld thoy relax. Then', in desperation ' He rose and struck the horSo with tto sword, andptobed it with toe point. Tho frightened animal plunged una oiroled round- hito,- dragging tho corpse in the sand. Stilt toe dead hcld onin spito of man- and horso. Had a judgment fallen on him ? Oould it be possible that the murdered hold in its dead grasp the ! only means of esonpo that the mmfiorer bad? ."Without tho horso Seagrave .was lost, and ho know it.- Lamed, exhausted, and on foot ho oould not hone to . roach assistance, and it waa not :pr6bahlb that asristonoe syould come ,to him. Again -in blind fury he "out and totust at the dumb, trembling animal, till its flanks- ran with blood. Round and; round Mm in a-oircle, held by too piokot rope, . wheeled too unfortunate horse, dragging Its dead rider with it. - .: ' . So intent wus.Sjcagrave on this brutal work that he -did- not notice an approaohing figure till, turniimaa he followed ;too.. mosmeiits of the horse, he saw, bnt a abort distance away from bim, a mounted Arab, gazing in wonder at the strango scene. \- That the Arab was armed to the teeth with long lance, heavy sword, and musket, as well as shield, he saw at a glance.- As to the hostility of his intention, there ooaid be no donbt, for the moment he saw himself noticed, he nttered a Ravage yell and rode forward at a furious pace. . ) > For an instant Seagrave stood in dismay, as he counted his chances - on foot, armed with a short sword, against those of his ' opponent, well mounted, and with a long lance. Snddenly he thought of the soldier's carbine, and sprang towards the horse that now stood quietly by, looking with, piteous eyes at the dead man. Bnt the nervous animal would not suffer him to approach. With" a lively sense of the oruel treatment just received it hacked and plunged -in, such a -manner that to recover toe weapon wto impossible. Meanwhile the Arab was closing on him, riding hard, lance down and shield up; . "With a qniofc instinctive movement, he folt for "his revolver. Only when ho missed it did he remember that ho had cast it away. ' There was no means of escape, and in fight, even with the odds so much against hiin, lay his only hope. Straggling "against toe feel ing of paiuo that overpowered him, and shaking from head to foot, Seagrave nerved himself as best' he could to meet the forth coming attack. Now the foe was on him, the point of too lance waB at bis breast; he could feel the; cold eteel tearing his flesh. " WHh a ory of terror he sprang asidoj'shut his eyes, and out wildly at the ail- as man and horse swept by. It was but a short respite, for in an instant the Arab had Wheeled, and was at him again with a d-isive laugh, Unnerved dhd panie-strieken, Seagrave fled screaming across the desert. Fear lent him strength, bnt the race waa a short one. Yet, short as it wae, he died a hundred deaths before the Arab spear transfixed and pinned him to the sand. ' Two days after, tho tragedy in the . desert, toe following appeared in an evening paper : ''The dead bodies of Captain Seagrave and Trooper Lane, reported missing since toe battle of M-Humull, have been discovered. From the positions in which they,', wore fotrad, it is believed the unfortunate "soldiers were overpowered by a-party of the . enemy whilst) trying " to . make their .way baok to ramp, "and died fighting side liy side," " 