Hidden From All Eyes, CHAPTER LI (continued). , 'Betleb 60,' thought Godfrey; sul lenly. as utterly exhausted by his long olimb, he drew a deep breath, and oollectod his waning energies for a last effort. ' Better to take her with mo than' to loave her to the tender mercies of others.' Then he put out his hnnd, pushed open the skylight, and tri»d to rsiso himself, and failed. The floor woe scorching his feet, the rruolco wis blinding. With a hopeless look at tho aperture above him ho thought he would rather die without any more trouble. But then he remembered his sister — she was probably all alone, (or there was no one on onrth who lovod her as he did, and would givo hie lifo to save lior. Certainly n-.t Maltrnvers, who had long ago broken her heart; not Vore, who hnd only tried to find hor out of epito to him, Ah I tho lnugh would he ngninst tbem now 1 Ho and Robto would bo buried under tho ruins of tho Tower end their secret would die with them. Nolla would neyer tell — n lie always frightened her, and she wouldn't break her word to a dead man. Ho leant bis forehead against the sill with a groan. This day she was to huve been his. Casting the thought aside, ho summoned all his strength, and hoisted himself up with the greatest difficulty. .Having scrambled to an upright position, he looked about him like one dnzod. There was Robin a few paoes from hira, hor dross no longer white, hut rod in the glare of tho sky, nnd oloso brside her stood either Victor Maltrnvors or his ghost ! Was ho drowning? Delusions oame to those about to die. The nmolte had got into his head. Ho rubbed his eyes nnd stored ngnin, 1 We have mot at last ! ' said Victor, defiantly, as if n long lifo lay before him ; 1 and with this poor child in my arms ? I cnll you a liar — a onward — a would-bo murderer! Somorvillo's breast heaved as his dark eyes grew floroe and eager. ' You broke hor henrt nnd you killed her reason ! The death of n dog would have been too good for you I Givo her to me — you have no right to touoh hor ! ' ' Hush ! ' said Viotor, holding out bis hnnd to shield her from his touoh. 'Don't wake her; she's asloop 1 ' ' Asleep in a furnaoo like this ! Robin oome to me 1 ' . Thoro was no answer. Alarmed, he brushed away her hair, an : fooked at tho email, white fnoo He was tremb ling when he raised bis eyes to Viotor's. ' She is dead 1 ' Maltravere started. y-s, it was true. The weary eyes had olosed in their eternal sleep, and the tired Robin had gone to rest on the breast of the man elm loved. A sob rnso in his throat. Unwittingly lie had spoilt the beauty of her life, nnd yet he had come by a providential ahanco to receive her laBt sigh. Thon.Somor- ville tore her from his arms, nud draggod her io the furthest verge of the narrow Tower, wliero- he lennt against the ivied parapet, hugging the cold, inanimate form to his desolate heart. Come ! ' oried Vore, hoarsely, as he suddenly appeared above the onstellated edge. ' One In-tant more, nnd wo shall bo lost together ! ' He caught hold of Maltravere, and pushed him towards the ladder, and then turnod to Somerville. ' Give me your eistor and follow quick ! ' Godfrey shook his head. ' Aro you mnd ? Do you want to die?' looking at him in astonish ment. 'Yes!' The words had eonroely eeoaped hie lipa when his wish seemed to be fulfilled. The whole of the left wall of the Tower fell down with a mighty oraBh, nnd tho brother and sister disappeared together; whilst high above every other sound roBo a woman's ory. Vers: sprang to the ladder, as the rest of the building quivered; and, as if by a miraole, reached the ground a living man. Tho roof fell in and sent a fountnin of lighted splinters to the sky, having lasted just long enough to save him ; but where were tho rest P When the wall foil most of the crowd rushed away, hut Nella and Prondergast remained rooted to tho spot, eaoh forgetting hor own danger in her utter nbsorptiou in another's fate. 'Stand back!' cried one of the firoraen ; but neither moved, as the dangerous' hail foil around them. Something heavy, either a boam or a stone, hit Prendorgast on tho head, and she dropped down on the ground like a foiled ox. Nella etartod forward instend of backward, for amongst the burning fragments she oaught. eight of two human forms. Hor knees gave way beneath hor, and she sank down upon the grass, her hands outstretched in hor availing pity. Thco, just bo- foro hor, lay Godfrey Somorvillo, with bis dead sister in his arms — so oloso, that his ooat sleeves touohed tho front of hor dross. All wore afrnid to oome near her, excopt Victor, who liftod Robin tondorly — as if a touoh could hurt her now 1 — nnd carried hor out of roaoh of harm ; and Vers, who carno and plnoed himsolf by Nolla'a sido, wondering if her honrt wore broken by the sight before her; ' Godfrey, speak 1 ' she whispered, womanlike, forgetting all kiB sins, and longing to oall him book to his mis- spont life. At the sound of her voice his oyes oponed. Ho looked at ber long and strangoly. as if biB spirit wero Blowly returning from the land of shadows, Hfs lips movod, she bent hor hoad to liston, tears falling down from her own cheeks to hie. ' Don't let tho | doctors bother mo— I want to die.' Thon tho heavy lids closed over tho yearning dyes ; and holding in his hand a withered rose, whioh had fallen from tho front of her drees, ho - seemod to Bleep. (To it continued). 