BRITISH AND FOREIGN MEMS. Professors Kitasato, of Tokia, bas dis covered a second bacillus of the plague, and has also produced a new serum for J;he cure of that disease. The Canadian Government have planted refrigerators along the coast for storing fresh bait. Half of the cost is borne by the various associations of fishermen. Mrs. , Bischoffsheim's party for the Prince of Wales cost, it is estimated, a trifle under £3UUO. it began witn a am ner, which was not over until 11, and ended with a supper. Thomas 3?igg, who for 40 years has been rural postman at Tring, has just retired , 6ri a pension. During his tinao in the service of the post-office he has walked upwards of 220,000 miles. It is reckoned that the household and personal refuse of all kinds and street . sweepings of a town amount to about half a ton annually per head of the population, or in London to 50,000 tons per week. Debtors in Siam, when three months in arrears, can be seized by the creditors and compelled to work out their indebtedness. Should a debtor run away, his father, his wife, orchis children may be held iu Twin girls, Eosalina and Maria, who were joined together like the Siamese twins, have been separated by an operation at Rio Janeiro. The Siamese twins con sulted European surgeons as to a sever ance, but were adviaed not to risk it. The cable laid from Para up the Amazon was quickly destroyed by the driftwood of the mighty river, and a laniline is now in course of construction. About 180 miles of it are completed, notwithstanding the expense and difficulty of cutting a way through the tropical forests. There are in France 45,000,000 hens, which, at an average price of two francs 50 centimes per head, represent a value of 112,500,000 francs. One-fifth of the stock is annually consumed as food, and is sold for about ..' 22,600,000 francs, or £937,500. The gardens ofKimberley are remarkably beautiful fot a mining town. There are radiant beds of geraniums, fuchsias, ver benas, heliotrope, and mignonette, and occasionally a hedge of the great spiky leaved grey aloes. Many of the houses are covered with beautiful flowering oreepers. A strange olock was made during the last century for a French nobleman. The dial was horizontal, and the figures, being hollow, were filled with different sweets or spices. Thus, running his finger along the hand, by tasting the owner could tell the hour without a light. One oonld not get a habitable house or get of rooms in an apartment house any where near the centre of New York fbi* less than £300 a year, and even at that price it mignt not oe a very nice one. l ne same apartment that in London would cost d6300 a year could not be had in New York for under £750. ' Shagrock,' in San Francisco Bay, has been blown up by explosive gelatine. Nearly two tons of the explosive were Uged, and fired from a barge 6000ft. away. A great column of spray and Stones, estimated at 1000ft. in height, rose at the explosion, which killed a number of fish in the vicinity. The area of the Chinese Empire is com puted to cover one-twelfth of the surface of the globe; it is a foarfch larger 'than the area of the United States, and its population, which is roughly put at 350,000,000 works out at 83 persons to the square mile, while France has 48 per sons to the square mile, and the United States 17. Canada boasts of one of the most won derful farms in the world. Its peculiarity lies in the fact that everything is worked by electricity. Two water falls within the bounds of the farm, some 60fc. and 170ff. high, furnish the motive-power, a central power-house being erected near, and the current is Sransmitted by wirbs to every available place on the farm. Professor Tesln, the great electrician, thinks that a man has ju9t so many hours to be awake, and the fewer of the^e he uses up each day the more days will they las*. He says, ' I believe that a man might live 200 years if he would sleep most of the time. The reason why negroes live to such an advanced age is because they sleep bo much.' Not even the snow can claim immunity from the tax-collectors. The Prince of Palermo, the capital of Sicely, owes his wealth chiefly to the snow, of which he baa a monopoly. The snow is brought in at night in baskets from the mountains of Italy, and is shipped to the towns and sold for refrigerating purposes. Thus the Prince partly k^eps up hia establishment with the snow from heaven. In connection with the debate on the alleged hospital scandals in South Africa, it is interesting to note that during the laet few weeks the Army Medical authorities authorities have been making up for lost time with regard to the dispatch of nurses. Quite 200 nurses have left England during the past six weeks, and 20 nursing sisters sailed from Southampton for Natal last month by the Union Castle liner Norman. When Sir Claude (the British Minister) and Lady MacDonald went to Pekin a few years ago, they had to finish their journey by river in a houseboat, which took three days to do the 80 miles from Tientsin to their destination, but a rail way now connects these cities. Lady MacDonald was the first European lady to travel by train from Tientsin to the capital, half her journey being done in an open truck ! A Church paper supplies some informa tion of interest as to the weight of the largest bells in England. The weight of 'Great Paul' at St. Paul's is.l6£ tons, of ' Big Ben' at Westminster 13£ tons, of 'Great Peter' at York 12$ tons, of ' Tom' at Christ' Churoh, Oxford, -7| tons, and of 'Tom' at Lincoln 5| tons. The j oldest bell in England is a ball in the church at Claugnton, Lancashire, which dates from 1296. A marvellous top, capable of spinning; 43| minutes and then remaining erect and 313111, ulla UHBU UUUMW.U.ULOU uy iiuioaoui Charles Jacobus, for many years super intendent of the Rew Brunswick (N. J.) public schools, but now of Springfield, Mass. The inventor of this top guards it carefully and never allows it to pass out of his hands. He has spun it scores of times before scientists in New York, Philadelphia, and other cities. The most sumptuous copy of the New Testament in existence is a splendid edition de luxe presented to the Dawager Empress of China by the Christian women in her land on tha occasion of her 60ih birthday. The book is a royal quarto volume in silver covers, embossed with bamboo and bird designs, and is printed on th*i fiuest paper with the largest type, with a border of gold encircling each page. It ia enclosed in a golid silver caaket ornamented with sym bolical designs. Two specimens of the egg of the Great Auk were sold by auction at Stevens's rooms the other day, and realised 315 and 180 guineas respectively. The more im portant of the two egffs is an unrecorded one from a French collection, and is des cribed as the finest specimen known of a special type of marking. The price just obtnined for it establishes a record, 300 guineas having, until this sale, been the highest amount ever received. About 75 eggs of the Great Auk are known to be in existence. It has been decided by the Suez Canal Company that every vessel, before it can pass through the Suez Canal, must satisfy the compauy's agents at Port Said or at Suez that it has on bonrd (1) at least one electric search-light of sufficient power to illuminate the channel 4000ffc. ahead, and constructed so as to admit of rapid split ting up of the beam of rays into two separate segments, with a dark sector in the middle ;] an4 (2) with electric lights capable of lighting up a circular area of of 700ft. in diameter. Pigeono are used extensively on board warships of some nations for the purpose of intercommunication and corresponding with the land. The pigeon-houses in thsse ships are most ingeniously constructed. They have two storeys, are painted in bright colors in order to attract the pigeons, and are fitted up with every con venience for the comfort of the birds. Not long ago nine of these ' messengers on the wing' were taken to London from Boston, and set free three months later. Three of them recrossed the Atlantic. The ashes of Gautama Buddha, found in the the sub- Himalayan district of Bhasti, have safely reached their destina tion. It will ba remembered that they were identified by Professor Ehys Davies from the urns in which they were de posited. It was by someone's happy instinct that the Queen decided to present the ashes to the King of Siam, the only Eoyal Buddhist. His Majesty. has just written to express his thanks for so im portant a gift, and- has sent one of the urns on to his co-religionists in Siam. It is not altogether surprising that the United States warship Monocacy did not join in the attack on the Taku forts. Ten years ago she was in the hands of the shipbreakers, and was advertised in Yoko hama for old iron. Then the great iiurricane sank the Trenton in Apia Harbour, and the orders to break up the Monocaey were rescinded. But it will be understood that if the captain of this mass of scrap iron were to fire his big guns the Monacacy would pro bably save the shipbreakers any further trouble. The most remarkable piece of me chanism ever put together is a watch made in Berlin, whieh measures less than a quarter of an inch in diameter, and weighs under ten grains. The case is of gold, the works and hands are of the finest tempered steel, and the whole con struction is of the most approved plan, while it is declared to keep time excel lently. The minute hand is less than an eighth of an inch long, the hour hand less than a twelfth of an inch, and the second hand not one-sixteeuth of an inch long. The c;st gof this watch is said to have been close upon £400. A French inventor has avoided one of the chief difficulties in the use of the trolley system for the propulsion of car riages not running on rails by making an automobile trolley whieh, while serving to connect the carriage with the overhead nrlnno ia ifnolf nfrmftlifid hv thfl fileetnC current, under control of the driver of the carriage, so that it keeps step with the carriage, and no strain is exerted upon the connecting wire. When connected with the wires in the ordinary way, a car riage that is free to move from side to side of the road drags its trolley after it, and in consequence, the connection is frequently broken. General Louis Botha, the Boer coin inander, once fought something like a duel with Mr. Wools Sampson, who will be remembered as a Eoform prisoner. During the 1881 Boor war Mr. Samp- ! son, on the British side, and Botha, on the Dutch, on one occasion potted at one another from behind stones. Sampson thought he hit Botha, and raised hia head above his stone, only to find himself hit ia the neck. That wag one to Botha, who jumped up elated. Sampson at once fired. 'Got him!' said he, and raised himself to look. 'Got him!' said Botta, as he put a bullet in his Adver sary's side ; but he showed himself too soon, for Sampson brought the score to evens. Laziness has never been looked upon lightly by the Dutch. They once had .a rough-and-ready but perfect oure for beginning. When a strong, able-bodied man was caught in the act of asking alms, he was forthwith cast into a pit. At the the top of the pit was a tap, which was turned upon the man. At tho bottom ot the pit was a pump, by means of which the water could be pumped out. The beggar was thus in a tight place. 1 f he refused to work the pump he stood a good chance ? of being drowned ; if he worked the pump for an hour or two he was likely enough to learn a lesson that hitherto he bad not cared for. Generally, the beggar gladly left his laziness in the pit. The water oare worked wonders. Ladies who wear the popular chain bracelets will be interested in the state ment which was made by the vicepresi dent of the Birmingham Jewellers' and Silversmiths' Association at the deputa tion from that body which waited lately upon the President of the Board of Trade. This gentleman stated that the English market was flooded with a hollow mude bracelet of poor gold, to whieh, on arrival in this country, a padlock was attached stamped with the English hall mark. At present the law in regard to foreign-made jewellery goes no farther than watch cases, which come under the Merchandise Act, and Mr. Eitchie sees qo possibility of any legislative remedy of bhis crying evil until, at any rate, ' another session !' Army doctors look out for good news even more eagerly than the generals in command of the forces, for they know . that it makes the difference between life and death of many of their patients. No thing hinders the recovery of the wounded so much as depression of spirits and anxiety. And when they hear that things are going badly at the front, many of them who are on the turning point grow worse and die. On the other hand, the news of a great victory will pull a man out of the jaws of death. This fact was very noticeable when both British and French wounded were congregated at Antwerp during the Waterloo campaign. Afrer news of Napoleon's complete defeat reached the hospital the French began to die at about twice the rate of the British soldiers. - ' A remarkable tribute to the popularity of Lord Eosebery occurred when he was invited to act as arbitrator between masters and men in the coal strike. He euceeeaea, ana oniy tnose wno Know the unspeakable misery of those weary months in the coalfields of England can form any idea of the way in which the hearts of the hundreds of thousands of his countrymen and countrywomen went out to Lord Eosebery. ' The man of the hour,' he was called in the newspapers; but in. thousands of humble homes in English colliery villages to-day Lord Eosebery ia remembered as the man who opened the pits and saved the wives and children from hunger, whieh could scarce be borne. That lord Eosebery was not as popular in the Cabiaet as in the country at this time may or may nob be true ', there is no need to enter here into matters which only concern the party politicans. It is enough for the country that the Eosebery Cabinet served the country well, and achieved substantial measures of reform. Then the crash came, and the net result of all that has happened since then is that Lord Eosebery is, as Sir William Har court has called him, a politican out of uuoiuoco, vi-f a& lit? uxuxooil UUa alllU, a disembodied ghost. 