THE CHINESE LITERATI •Writing in the London "Daily Telegraph" of August 16, Mr. H. W. Dawson •says:— •A people is to be judged not only by its way of living,-but by its way of dying. If it cannot be said that nothing becomes the Chinese so well in life as the leaving of it, at least it is true that ihey lay down their life passing well. Quiet, dignified and re signed is tlhe Chinese manner of meeting death, the hour and place of which they seem able to foretell with strange exacti tude. As Revivalists would say, they have their warnings, and a Celestial will take leave of his employer, round off his duties, and start on a far journey to his own home the instant he expects to behold death's awful visage, and this expectation is sel dom disappointed. In the classics o£ Filial Piety it is laid down that of the three thousand crimes there is no one greater than disobedience to parents, and of the hundred virtues filial conduct is the chief. To provide a father or mother with a fit and proper funeral is the whole duty of man, for which any sacrifice is excusable. More than probable is it that the lucky father of a family finds himself in posses sion of a coffin, presented to him by his son, and-euphemistically called the "boards of old age," or the clothes of old age," but if he be not thus blessed- -a dying man will go and order his own coffin to make sure of its being of standard make. An English railway inspector in Chih-l itold me that a week -or two before one of his Chinese fore men. felt himself to be dying of opium poisoning- The man made no fuss; he quietly came to the office and asked for a week's leave in order to buy -and fetch his own coffin. He went and returned within the week, and at the hour he had himself appointed quietly gave up the ghost. What is especially surprising is that the Chinese should meet death, almost half-way, in so impassive a fashion, when we consider that in every city there is a municipal temple, the courts Of which are lined with tlie most ghadbly and vivid representation oi the tortures of the damned in purgatory. In every court there are ten compartments of piaster figures, each presided over by an infernal judge, and in each the departed sinner is tried and sentenced to an appro priate torment, to be boiled in oil to be sawn asunder, or roasted head downwards as justice may demand. It seems as if the Cliinese were as impervious to the anticipa tion of torture hereafter as they are to it a infliction here upon earth. Most of the cherished nostrums of the Western reformer have been tried and found wanting, in China in the course of the ages. As the Chinese proudly point out, competitive examination has been the means of recruiting the public service for a thousand years, but the results are hardly such as to recommend, the system, as it is worked there, for general adoption. It I has been said that the Chinese mandarin resembles no English type so much as the University Don, and, allowing for all the differences of environment, there is a grain of truth in the pleasantry. The Chinese graduate has a supreme contempt for the illiterate world, Which he holds to include not only the coolie crowd of his own blood but all the barbarians who live beyond the four seas. He believes in no learning what is not founded upon the Chinese classics. What lie does not know, to paraphrase the Oxford tag, is not knowledge. All he values is the literary finish that is gathered from fecundity of quotation from the sacred books and the power and faculty ot versification and elegant style of prose poetrv that are borrowed frony their model. His memory is prodigious, his imitativeness of surpassing accuracy, but of original ability or love of fact and science be has none. The old learning is a cast-iron bar to all intellectual progress, and, in propor tion to its age and diffusion, it is ten times more stultifying than was the pedantry or the schoolmen of the Middle Ages in Europe. When people talk of the young mandarin turning to reform, they must recollect that he has been bred upon this diet, that it is all in all to him, and that theclass to which he belongs depend for their existence upon the maintenance of the system of examination and subsequent selection as it now stands. Some writer on China has said that no face ever wore a -more contemptuous expression than that of the young mandarin as he passes along the street or looks out from the latticed window of the teahouse. Seated in his official chair, and surrounded by a greasy retinue of noisy attendants, bearing the in signia of office or making a discordant clang of sounding brass, the mandarin ap pears the very incarnation of human ar rogance. He seems insensible to all that the vulgar herd are doing or saying, and he hardly deigns to notice the sweltering crowds who block the way that his ser vants are making before him. No patrician of old Rome could have frowned upon the plebs with more insolence than is shown in the blank stare of tihe young literati as they glance from the long seats that fringe the principal guest-room, set apart tor them in the tea house, and watch the ant like workers, bearing their pails and bales on the further side of the stagnant -pools, which, with their broken, neglected rockery, are the great ornament of the filthy city. _ As with manual labor in the Middle Kingdom, so it is with mental. Nothing in the world can exceed, or excel tihe monu mental industriousness of tihe budding scholar, engaged, perchance, at the age of four-score, in the long- drawn competition to obtain the undying honors of the academic degree—Literally undying, for they are continued and held in high esteem, even unto the third and fourth generation. It is not only a question of honorific title or, as at home, of letters of the alphabet. Every graduate has the inalienable right of planting a pole or mast in front of his mansion, no matter how humble ft may be, and the number of square, inclined cressets on the tapering top proclaim the nature of his degree—one for the prefectural, two for the provincial, and three for the national. Some towns are dotted over with these poles, like a forest of burnt trees; in others, but one or two have been distinguished. Because a house is fronted by a pole it does not follow that its owner or occupant must be a graduate. It may well be that the galley- mast has been obtained by the talents of a remote ancestor, but, like a coat- or-arms, the precious examination papers never lose their virtue. The scholar of today may not attain to the super natural diligence of the classical heroes, the King Alfreds of Chinese literary history, who prosecuted their studies by the lig t of a glow-worm or tied their books to the horns of the ox that they were plough ing with, but tiheir admirers and imita tors are to be reckoned by thousand's. Dr. Smith mentions that in the province of Arnhui there recently competed five stu dents over eighty years of age, and eigh teen over ninety. To those who, in early life, have faced the schools at Oxford or Cambridge, it is petrifying to think of logic papers following one to the brink of the tomb, of the undergraduate with one foot in the grave and the other in the examina tion hall. These three degrees of merit are those of, first, the cultivated talent, i e Smalls; secondly, the raised man, i.e., Mods., and, third and last, the promoted scholar, i.e., Finals. To the supreme honor not one candidate in a thousand ever at tains, for the entrance to the Han Lin, or national academy, is a pearl of much price that few can obtain by favor or by worth. All Chinese education leads up, and is in tended to lead up, to the examination hall. One curriculum includes the Four Books, which contain the teachings and maxims' of Confucfius und Meneius, and the Five Canons of Changes, of History, and of Poetry; the Record of Rites; and spring and autumn. No better clue to the literary tastes and traditions of the people, with a perfect illustration of national life, can be supplied than is contained in two charm ing volumes of stories from a, Chinese studio, being a free translation of portions of tie works of P'u bungling, a novelist who lived two centuries ago, at the com mencement of the Manchu dynasty, and himself a disappointed scholar. Mr. Giles, of her Majesty's Consular Service, to whom we owe them, thus defines the classics. The Book of Wisdom, attributed to Coif fucius, is a disquisition upon virtue and tire moral elevation of the people. The Chung Yung, or gospel of Confucius's grandson, traces to their source the ruling motives-of hitman conduct. The Confucian gospels are discourses of the sage with his disciples. The gospels of Meneius are a collection of moral maxims. The Canon of Changes contains a fanciful system ot philosophy based upon the combination of eight diagrams said to have been copied from the back of a tortoise. The Canon of History—which, by the way, is the prac tical guide to the polities of the day- yem braces a period extending from, tire middle of the 24th century B.C. to B.C. 721, edited by Confucius. Tire Canon of Poetry is a collection arranged by the same teacher of lyrics-in vogue among the people in the earliest-ages. Spring and Autumn is a liis tarv written by the teacher concerning the kiWom of fr from 722 to 484 B.C. On these dry bones Chinese youth and talent are nourished and suckled. Small wonder is it that if the memory be forced to an abnormal retentiveness and-y activity, the reasoning powers ore wofnlly sterilised. One of lier Majesty's consuls told me that he had looked at several of the papers set for the provincial examinations. Three bouts of three days each are given for this content of the intellect of young Chinese and all ihe can didates are occupied months before hand or trying by hook or crook to square their examiner. The kind, of question set in these papers would be—"Write an essay upon the words, "Be went from Lu to Wu in three days' " A successful answer involves first of all, a prodigious effort, of memory in placing the "hero"-of this mov ing episode, and.hen an elaborate series of ingenious inferences, showing by what sys tem. Of carriage he must hare covered the distance in the time, what must have been the state of the kingdom to cause him thus to go, and so on ad infinitum. With such a scheme of education it is not surprising that those who are ploughed in the schools are able to earn a pittance in the modest and universal1 trade of fortune-telling and soothsaying. At Canton, for example, a whole square of the city, as big as a Euro pean market, is given up to the tables and stock- intrade of the prophet, and no class of public servants is more necessary than that of the fortune- tellers to the happiness and comfort of a Chinese commnnity. They ward off "bad joss" from the family hearth, they turn- paper money into taels, they re lieve the wretched toilers of the fear thai their bones will he carrion on the wayside, the sport of wind and weather, and they prophesy that their ghosts will be well and truly laid, near the ancestral dwelling-place. in a tomb Which no "foreign devil" shall disturb. 