NfOUBLBTB IN THIS ZSSUB. ' HOW LARA DIED; CLARA MULHQLLAND. ooptwobt.' I' HE party was breaking up; the crowd was fast dispersing. And although the sweet strains of the "Blue Danube" were still floating through .the rooms, the dancerB wen'1 few, and the couples who had energy leit for waltz or polka were revelling in the delightful par quet, over which they could now glide, swiftly and lightly, without colliding with their neighbours. " This is decidedly the time to dance," said a tall, slight man, with dark eyes and , hair turning a little gray about the temples. "Don't you agree, Albia?" "Yes. It is perfectly delightful,", .re plied his partner, a pretty, fair girl,, in a simple frock of white chiffon. "But tve must stop now. I em sure, mother is wom out." "One more- turn,'.' he pleaded. " Just Snel" "Very well," laughing, "but yen are really insatiable to-night." !' I. plead guilty. With you for my part ner, I could go on for ever." "I; am' afraid I could not, even with you. So stop now. I'm breathless." , "I'm sorry for that," coming to a stand- ' still. "I feel as though," drawing her " arm within his own, "the night were only beginning." "It has passed very quickly," with a soft sigh. " All too quickly." " My darling," he whispered, as they found themselves in a quiet gallery beyond the ballroom, "You do love me?' " Yes." She trembled, and drawing her self away from his encircling arm, leant against the wall. "You know I do. - But hush! Here comes my mother." He bowed and turned to greet an elderly lady in rich velvet and lace, and wearing a necklace of magnificent diamonds, who camo hurrying towards them. "At last!" she cried, pettishly. "Really, Alma, you might he a little more thought ful. I am weary to death. It is absurd to stay to such an hour. Mr. Gunning," with a cold and haughty glance, "will yon oblige me by asking for my carriage?" " With pleasure," he answered, sur prised at her manner. And offering his arm he led her downstairs to the cloak room. "I am moro annoyed than I can say, Alma," said Mrs. Malcolm, as she and her 'daughter drove home through the silent streets. "It is wrong to make yourself remarkable in the way yon do with that man. You can never marry hint So I beg you will dance less with him. Keep him at a distance." Alma crimsoned over throat and brow. "I mean to marry him," she said, firmly. ''"He is poor, hut " "If it were only a question of fortune hunting " "Mother, pray— I love Charles.. Don't "Love Mm!" Mrs. Malcolm twitched her skirts, and bit her lip. "I trust not. Ho is not worthy of you. He makes love, but. cannot marry. Confess , now. Has He asked you to be his wife?"' " No. But " "Listen, Alma. I must warn you— tell you what I have heard. There are strange rumours going about this man. He comes from no one knows exactly where, and some «ay— it is an awful thing to think of, seeing how he behaves— but they say he has a wife already." Alma uttered a cry of horror, and the colour forsook her checks. " Oh ! mother ! How can you repeat snch a calumny? Charles was married, hut Mb wife died years ago." "Ask him where— how — when. I don't like the' man, and don't trust Mm." " Mother, you wrong Mm." . "For your sake, . I hope so. But till I am convinced that Ms wife is dead, till he proves it beyond a dojabt,I forbid you to dance with Mm, or.. spehk to him when ' you meet." ' "But I must tell Mm why — explain. .'He comes to see . mo to-morrow, to——." , A sob choked her utterance. .. "Then ask Mm straightforwardly.. Tell him — or shall I?" " No, no. I'll see Mm and then send for you." "Very well. And remember, dear, I do this for your good. Better suffer a little now than— shore hereafter. This , matter must be settled once and for all." . "Yes, mother, Charles will do that, to morrow." And holding her head very high, Alma stepped out of the carriage, and bid ding her mother "Good-night," went up stairs to her Toom. But next morning Charles Gunning did not appear as ho had promised ; and' Alma spent a miserable day. In the evening came a telegram saying that he had been unexpectedly called out of town on busi ness, which t would probably detain Mm for some time. A week passed, and no- tMng more was' heaTd. He neither came nor wrote. ' "He must he back 'for 'the Montrevor's ball," Alma told herself. "I am sure he. would not miss that." And she tried to look careless and indifferent, though her heart was breaking. To the Montrevor ball, Alma. went with on aunt and two young cousins, her mother being somewhat indisposed. This, the gir' felt, was the best thing that could have happened. She would be freer to talk 'the matter out with Charles Gunning, if Mrs. Malcolm were absent, and might count upon staying longer at the dance, as Hettv and Kate invariably danced on to the last, and their mother never bade them go, till they were, quite willing to do so. But alas! poor Alma's disappointment was bitter. Her lover was not at the ball, and she had great difficulty in restraining her tears, when after hours of watching and waiting, she told herself he would not come; that something extraordinaiy must have happened to keep him away from this dance, at wMch he knew ho wonld surely meet her. Til ask Auntie to take mo home," she cried, wringing her hands. " I cannot talk and dance whilst I am so miserably un happy. ' And yet— he might come late." Afraid to go, lest she should miss him, and feeling it impossible to exert herself in any way, (Alma took refuge in a little alcove, screened from the ballroom by a heavy curtain. Here she sat for some time unnoticed, her heart sinking lower eveiy moment, as the hours passed and the pos sibility of her seeing Charles Gunning that night became more and more remote. Then just as she had made np her mind that it was useless to re main any longer, ho entered the rooms looking anxiously over the surging crowd.'1 Alma's heart gave a great bound, and springing to her feet, she stepped forth from her hiding-place. In a moment he saw her, and hurried to her side. " I was afraid you had gone." He caught her hand. " I am late. And you look pale, Alma — distressed." ."Do I? Oh! take me out of this;" she cried. And without a word he led her out of the room, and to a broad, and; she rejoiced to see, deserted balcony. She sank down upon a lotv' seat, and motioned him to a chair beside her. "Alma," he said in a voice full of emo tion, "You are troubled? You have heard " But it is hot true? You will explain —dray— ail. I know you will." . He'sighe'd, and Ms eyes rested upon Iter for an instant, then wandered silently up wards. ..It was almost -day. Little streaks of red and .gold were already visiMe in the summer sky. The street below, with its string of waiting carriages, the tall, Mgh houses opposite, lo&ked; weird and dreary in the dawn, whilst the girl in her white evening dress, a spray of somewhat faded flowers upon her breast, and fair hair ruffled; her awceit face full of sadness and distress, appeared to have grown suddenly worn and haggard, when seen by the early morning light. > But the man at her side saw no change in her. The freshness; of her dress, the neatness of her' hair, mattered nothing to him. He loved her. And as be gazed into her pure, true eyes, the wasted years of his past - life rose up black and hateful before bint, and with all Ms soul he wished that he could wipe them out and become worthy of the love and admiration of this trusting child. . But, alas! he could not claim her now. An 'unexpected Mow had fallen upon -him. His sins pursued him. His folly had found Mm out. And, ho must, just as bo saw the gates of a paradise , on earth open ing before Mm, pay the price of ,his mis spent .youth. " Alma," he said, gently touching the little hand that lay cold and inert upon the girl's lap, "I have never deceived you —willingly. I have told yon every thing. Told -you .that I was poor — that I had gambled away mv patrimony " "Yes, yes." Sho flushed and grew pale again. " But that matters little. I have a good fortune, you are working well, get ting on at the Bar. But — you told me your wife was dead. And now they say that she is— living." " They 1 soy true." He was white as death. "But till ten days ago I was certain she was dead. You believe tMs, Alma?" She shivered, and covered her face with her hands. " Yes," she moaned. " I do believe you. But what does it all mean? Did you not see her dead?" "No." We had not met for years, and whether she was living or dead did not trouble me. I would . not care now- only," he lowered his voice to a whisper, "for my love for you. Brit till ten days' ago I never questioned the matter. I be lieved her dead." "Why?" The girl's lips were quiyering, her eyes full of tears. '.'What were your reasons for thinking so?" "A friend, who had known her well — Maurice Valmer — wrote and told me of her death. He had paid for her burial." Alma drew a long, deep breath. "How was she supposed to have died?" "Through an accident. She was, as I have told yon, a girl of low family, hut very hcantiful. Her fattd beauty ruined me. and she lured me on to marry her. Out hy friends and relations, we could not live in England, and I took her abroad. Soon, 'alas! I discovered the mis take T had made. We were miserably unhappy, and before long grew to hate each other. To drown our feelings, and make life bearable, we took to gambling. For a time she won, hut I lost — always heavily — and when everything was gone I fled home and buried myself nnd my misery at Cotswold — a little place in Cornwall left me hy my mother. She refused to come, ond remained at Monte Carlo. "Years passed on. She never wrote, and I knew not where she was, or what- she did. Then, an old friend wrote, telling me she was dead. She had, he said, ruined herself at the tables and fallen ill of fever "in a little place some miles from Monte Carlo. Hero she was tenderly cared for and nursed back to life by en angel of a niece, and when well enough set out once more for the gambling-rooms, to stake her last louis and win hack her fortune. That night-, a woman fell between the train and fhe platform at X and was picked up crushed and mutilated, dead. From various things in her possession Palmer believed 'her to be my unfortunate wile, and - as , such ho had her buried. . " His account of her death satisfied me. I made no inquiries, naked no questions. I refunded Palmer and dismissed the mati tor from my mind. I felt no sorrow, and did not pretend to any. For some ' time I lived on, lonely and wretched, at Cots wold, and then my idle life began to nail, and I camo to London to work. I soon grew , less miserable. Things looked brighter. 1 got on at the Bar, and made friends. And when I met you, my happi ness seemed complete — for my heart was full of hope. On that night when ue danced together so late at the ' Kendall's I was about to ask you the all-important question when your mother interrupted and carried you off. Then the Mow foil. Happiness, peace, joy, were scattered." He shuddered. " Oh I the horror of it !" " How did it happen?" came from Alma's white and trembling lips. "Who told yon?" , " An old man, whom I had hardly seen aix times since my unhappy marriage, tint who had been more intimate with my wife. He accosted me in a friendly way, ond hoped Mrs. Gunning was well. I told him she was dead many years. He stared; .then said he had seen her, looking in the best of health and very handsome, in the street but a few days , before. I assured him that he was mistaken. . Such a tMng was impossible. But ha ' insisted that he could not. .have been deceived, and, turn ing to a young man who came tip at that moment, said: "James, did I not point out Mrs. Charles Gunning to you in the street the . other day?' . ".' Yes, and I 'recognised her at once. She; is very beautiful. Though people say Mr. Gunning does not seem to think so.' " Good heavens!' I cried. I could have struck the fellow for his insolence. 'What people say these things? Who knows this woman; supposed to be my dead wife?' " James Masters looked at pie, as though ho thought I were going mad. " ' I don't know anyone who actually knows her,'- he .answered, 'that is to visit or speak ,'tq, but most people seem aware that there is such a person, and there are a good many who think you ought to bring her about with you sometimes, and not allow girls to fancy—' " ' Stop !';. I cried, white with passion. 'I will not be insulted. Where is tMs woman you say is my wife?' , ' "He looked at me with a curious, puzzled, incredulous expression, and shrugged Ms shoulders. ' ' Ton my soul, I don't know, and if you don't it's hard to say who does.' "'I tell you she doesn't exist. She died at Monte Carlo four years ago.' " ' Then her ghost is walking about Lon don.- I'm awfully sorry, old chap, if 'I have offended you, but after, all it's better you should know the truth. People are saying your wife is alive, and many other ugly things. You saw how Mrs. Malcolm carried off her daughter Alma just now? Well, she had only then heard the story. If — hut I'll say no more. Good night!' and' he hurried away. " I felt stunned — bewildered — terrified. All sorts of strange ideas and mad pro jects floated through my brain, as I dragged myself wearily home to my rooms that night. I remembered your mother's cold ness and look of proud contempt as I handed her into her carriage — remembered tho story she would tell you — thought of your horror and suffering — thought of your love and the happiness that had seemed so near for ns both, and vowed that tiil I could , prove beyond a doubt that my wife was) its I believed her, dead I would never speak to or look into your dear face again. " The task was a difficult one. I had no thing to (g<>. upon, . no idea how. to 'id this woman , whom people had seen and imagined to be my wife. In my extremity, I hurried into the country to Maurice Palmer. But lie could give me little help. In fact, he did but increase my misery. It was quite possible, he admitted, that . there had been a mistake ; ho had thought j so often lately, hut had not dared to ug- I gest such a thing to me. The woman killed near Monte Carlo might not have \ been my wife. The face had been so hor ribly disfigured and mutilated that abso lute recognition was out of the question. "At the time there had been no doubt about it. Lara had disappeared that day, leaving her. things at the' hotel, and when ! tMs person, about her height and figure, wearing a dress he thought he kuew, and a brooch he certainly did know, was fonnd dead, he believed her to be my wife, and had her buried under her name. Lara never returned to the hotel, never sent for her clothes, which were sold to pay her bill, and neither he nor anyone about the place imagined that any mistake had been mode." t Ho paused, and wiped the perspiration from his brow. "And why— oh,- why— has Mr. Palmer begun to think that .there was a mistake?" moaned Alma. "Living in the countrv, what has he . seen— what has he heard?"" " His suspicions were first aroused by a photograph seen at the house of a friend. It was a group of actors and actresses, done by on amateur. The likenesses were not good — did . not do justice to any of them, he was told— but as he looked at one beautiful face he was filled with terror. It bore a most , extraordinary resemblance to my tj-ife. But convinced that she was dead, reassured by his lady friend'b re peated declaration that the photograph, was not a good one, not really like the people there represented, he laughed at Ms sudden fear, nnd tried to forget it. "But the idea haunted him. And he frequently thought of writing to tell me of Ms doubts, but shrank from' doing so, and put it off, thinking he would tell me of them when we met. ' But we did not meet, and I went my way in total ignor ance, without the faintest suspicion of the awful sword that hung over my head. But the blow has fallen. I know the worst now. The womnn we believed dead lives.. My life, my hopes, are ruined !" "Are — you — sure?" "Alas! only too sure. I have seen. her — spoken to her." , Alma started, arid raised: her' eyes ..full of anguish to his face. "Oh, God! Where?" "At a little theatre in the East End— tMs very night. That is why I was late coming here; that is why I now see — speak to you for the last time." He paused for a moment, overcome with emotion. Then, steadying his voice with an,. effort-, he continued: "At tho Variety Theatre, Palmer told me, this Mme. De Lara was acting, and he advised me to go there, and see for my self. I went — arid soon knew all. Under the name of De Lara she acts, but gives out openly tbat she is my wife — has done so for some time.' And so, although I was the last to hear it, she has been ruin ing my reputation, making me appear a lying, black- lieRrtod villain. Oh, heavens !" he clenched Ms fist, and the veins stood out, throbbing upon his forehead, "I longed to smite her to the ground, as she stodd before me like a beautiful devil, mocking- and laughing, boasting of the easy way in which we had been deceived bv the dead woman's likeness to herself, and the inconvenience and worry she nad escaped by her supposed death. " ' It was all arranged for me in a -mar vellous manner,' she said, twisting a mag nificent diamond ring round her finger. I wns up to my eyes in debt, and I knew not how to get. money. Every penny was gone. In the town where I was stay ing was a young woman with whom I had made friends. To her I sold a dress, a brooch, and some hnlf-dozen handkerchiefs. With this money I went- to the gaming tables and won. Delighted, I : played on, and ntissed the last train to X . Tho next day I saw that I was supposed to have been killed, and that Mr. Maurice Palmer had kindly undertaken to bury me. Soit. I was well off now. I would keep my money and remain dead. I came back to London and met ail old friend, the manager of the "Variety." Encouraged jy mm, I went on the stage. I have suc ceeded beyond all my. expectations, and here I am, doing all the leading parts, and making quite a fortune.' < '"You might have let me know, and spared my name.' I said. "She shrugged her shoulders contemptu ously, nnd laughed. ) . '"The name wns nnd is useful. It gives me a certain standing. You are. getting on in your profession and in society. As to letting you know, that was not my business. I am well known, much ad mired. and always here to be' seen.' "In this out of the way place — who sees yoa?' ' ' '"It is not so fur removed from civilisa tion ns you suppose,' she nnswered com placently. 'And our little theatre is' the fusliion just now. It is not for me to say who or what attracts them, but we have many Earls— ay, and Dukes— in — r Btalls from time to time. So when I saw you there to-night I was not surprised. "My fame has reached him at last,". I, thought-.' "'Fame.' I cried, and my fury choked me so that I could say no-more. ' , " ' Yes— fame.' Little as you think of it — or care. I am famous. I am envied. I have many friends, mauy adiriirers. But,' her. eyes .flashed, as though she gloried in the. thought, 'I have enemies, too.: The more successful I am, the more jealous and disagreeable ihey become.' '"Take care,' I said, ' jealousy ' has driven men to orime before now.' \- "She. looked. at me curiously. Then a sudden - expression of terror flashed into her', eyes.:.- : "'lam not afraid of the jealous ones. But there is . one. man I am in deadly dread , of. ; You remember Weston, my brother?' "'No. I never saw him. He was in. America trhen-1-— ' ' , . '" You ahd. I were young. Of course. And ' I" wish he. had stayed there. Bnt to my grief hV hns- returned and has found me out. ; He is wild and strange— arid pes- tere 'me for- -money— which I cannot — will not give.' Then he threatens me, arid I go in terror of my life.'" 1 J " Poor thing I" murmured Aim " She "riot. very happy, then." ihard , to, Bay, Her moods vary. In a moment she changed and seemed' to forget her fears, as she told me that she was soon leaxiqi, the Varioty and coming up to the West End to act at the Woffing- ton. " ' I expect to have a great triumph there,' she cried gaily, 1 and hope to see yon often in the stalls. Till then, "an revolt." rhal is a signal that I am wanted.' And, ask ing me a low, mocking, bow, which I did not return, she hurried away," He iennt heavily against the rail of the balcony and looked at Alma as though ex pecting her to speak. But she remained silent, her eyes downcast, her sweet face fall of deep, unutterable woe. Gunning drew Ms hand across Ms brow, and a sob escaped him. "I dashed out of the theatre," he con tinued after a time, "into the night, care less of where I went or what I did— des pairing. Then I thought of you, of your goodness, your purity, your love. And I vowed to, do notMng unworthy, nothing that wonld make you blash or feel ashamed that you had known me. 'In all the world,' I said, what is there to equal tho love of a good woman? It surpasses everything. I have injured Alma — made her suffer. But she will forgive. I will place my future life and actions in her hands. What she bids me do . I will do." He went back to her side and looked sadly down upon the pretty bowed head. "Have I hoped too much, Alma? Have "Oh! No, no." She caught his hand and held it for a moment between ner trembling palms. " You are not to blame," sho said, wMte to the lips. "Tnere is no thing to forgive. This blow, which has fallen upon us was as unexpected by you as by me. God bless you and keep you. Whilst your wife lives, our lives must be divided. But let me hear good of you — always. Work hard at your profession — that will save you — and keep a brave nesrti And now, good-bye. I sea my aunt om- ing to look for me. Good-bye !" She dropped his hand and went quickly along the balcony. Meeting her aunt at one of the windows, she took her arm and drew her back into the. house. In a few moments the coll for Mrs. Dor mer's carriage raug up .the street, and ery soon Gunning saw Alma, as white as the swansdown round her throat, follow ber aunt and cousins down the hall .'doorsteps and enter the landau. "So vanishes hope and joy and love from my life arid hers," he moaned as the carriage disappeared. " But how brave the child is I How brave and true! God help her." And ho left the house and went sadly home through the deserted streets. Two years passed, and Charles Gunning and Alma Malcolm did not meet again. He followed her advice to the letter, and threw Mmself heart and soul into his work. The Malcolms,! he knew, spent most of their time abroad, coming but seldom to Lon- 'don. Alma's health was not what it had been, and very little tired her. She did not complain, was sweet and gentle to all around her, but her spirits drooped. From the night of the Montrevor's ball she »as a chnnged being. ' She was silent and sub dued, and iifspite of care of every kind, le grow pale and thin. She shrank from amusement, and became weary and deject ed in any place- of entertainment. " She is not fit for society," the doctor said. "Take her abroad, and give her plenty of change of air and scene. But do not allow her to exert herself unduly." Her mother sighed heavily. A roving life was not what she cared for. But her daughter's health and happiness were a matter <of vitol fmportiulee to her, »m4 . sa she followed the doctor's advice with loving and unselfish -exactitude.' .- Meanwhile, all London was ringing with' the Dame of the great actress, Mme. De Lara. She had left the VariKty ior tire Woffington, and was playing Cleopatra, Ophelia, and Lady Macbeth eefolc erewfl- ed and enthusiastic houses. She WB ell the fashion ; the rage -of the thbtritttt. Everyone talked absttt her; tsverytme sMht to see her. She was well-known te' iee Charles Gunning's wife, and-matty'und tte- quefit were the congratulation he motived upon her marvellous, unprecedented una- cera Gunning thanked these Who eprik «b wareily, but their praise b? Let, -her beauty and her acting, gate hint »b piek-' sure, and he longed to fly to «MAe.dlltttt' land, where he should never hto htt fwss,- or hear her name again. ' Bnt Aima's wish that he should hard at hia profession kept him iii Lbbdto, and ulthbugh he never went aaywheto where he Wus likely to meet the beautiful actress, he found it impossible to riStopo from or forget her. Her photbgtoph; Wis in every window, her name in every paper, nnd in every month. t)n all side the thought of her haunted and pursued trim. That Lara was anxious to IfbfgeV -ad avoid Mm he never doubted for a toblttefit, and it was, therefore, with feeling 0? sur prise and astonishment that he due dy received a note from her, begging..' hitri to come and see her at the theatre thef might.: I " I am in grave difficulties," she Wtote, "and want your advice. Ypu We A law yer, and my husband, and, in qpito fof everything, I feel that I con trust: yoU," "Wants money," he said, shrugging his shoulders and crushing the scented mete between his fingers. " The biggest fortune in Europe wouldn't keep Lara out bf -dcVt. Well, it's little I can do for. her. Stilt, I can't refuse to go and see what is Wrong," ' Gunning reached the theatre about sewn, but was told that Mme. De Lard M Wt arrived before eight o'clock, os she did not go on the stage, till a quarter to Bine, j " She will come earlier to- night, to ttlk over her affairs," he decided, and stationed 'himself at the little side door, by whith he was told the actors arid MtresM ut tered the theatre. Quite a crowd soon gathered in . (Lb tun- row street, and pressed up to the entrance, all eager to get a good place from Which to seo the reigning favourite as she stepped out o? her carriage. One dferk-looiatig man, his hands hidden in the folds of a long, black cloak, which he wore draped about Ms shoulders, kept well to the front, and glared fiercely at anyone who pushed or jostled him. "A vindictive-looking ruffian," thought Gunning, attracted by the man's "appear- mice, his sallow face, and strange, wild eyes. "He looks mad enough for any thing 1" At that moment the well-known carriage dashed up, and there wus a rush for toe door. As the beautiful Lara stepped forth, the diamonds in her hair and at her throat sparkling and scintillating, her long silken train over her arm, she caught sigh of Gunning, and greeted Mm with a radiant smile. "How mors than good of you— the began, advancing towards Mm, tuen Midi deniy paused, all white nnd trembling, as the man in the black clonk barred her pas sage. " Will you consent?" be asked in a husky whisper.- " Give me what I ask?" ' " No, Weston. No I" He raised Ms arm, a wild cry escaped her lips. " I'm stabbed. Oh, God!" ' She staggered forward, reeled round, and then sank to the ground, bleeding and Un conscious. The assassin made no attempt to escape, and stood gazing at Ms victim With dilated eyes. Then, as people near caught hold bl him; 'he raised , his dagger once toon, and, plunging it deep into his heart,, fell Uke a stone by her sfde, and died without « struggle. . Very gently Gunning raised Lara In hi: arms and carried her into the theatre. - A: he laid her upon a low couch ahe opened her eves. " He threatened — often—" she murmured. "My Unhappy brother. He has done— ii — at last. Forgive me, Charles, forgive me. . Madness was in nly blood. I— Could not always help — myself." .. Ho pressed her hand in speeoMess emo tion. She smiled. A leaden, death-like gray overspread her countenance, and '« breath came in quick, ehort gasps. Than, with a long-drawn sigh, her head fell for ward on her breast, and all was oyer. Lara was dead. Some six months later, surrounded by a select party of her nearest and dearest friends, Alma Malcolm, looking very, lovely and radiantly happy, was married to Charles Gunning in the English Churoh iu Paris. Smoke Canteen Mixture, cool and sweat.' 