DAYS OF CRIME AND YEARS OF SUFFERING. AN AUTOBIOGRAPHY. CHAPTER XXX. PRISON MYSTERIES (Continued). “I returned to Mr Palmer, and re[?]ated to him what the fellow had said, and I re presented that it would, in a business point of view, be very impolitic to suffer Aaron to go, as it wouid load other_iuen to think that, alter all, paying didn t seem in the least necessary, \\\ith Mr Palmer s concurrence I sat up that night and made out a fresh return, in •which the name of Aaron Dutch did not appear. “The very day the men were called out it so happened "that the sheriff visited the yard, and Aaron, exasperated at his dis appointment, complained to the sheriff that I had threatened to keep him in the gaol unless he paid me .£5 to be sent else -where. Mr Palmer was present, and he informed the sheriff that I had nothing to do with the selection of the men, as he al ways made the list out himself. _ The sheriff took no notice of the compia-nt, and Dutch was not sent away for some weeks. “I have now to speak of an event which grieved me very much. It soon became known to 'the prisoners that all business had to be done through the ‘dark/ If a man wanted a visit from a friend, the ‘dark’ was appealed to. If a billet was required it was the ‘dark* who was fee and. If there was any money in the office it was the ‘dark', who was spoken to about it. In brief, every kind of crosswork that was to be done had to pass through the hands of the ‘dark/ “One day a message came to me from a man named Batty, informing me that he would give me <£s to send him to another station. I immediately went to the man and assured him that on receipt of the money he should be transferred. He told me that he had no money with him in the prison, hut that he would send word out and get it. He according-y sent a note to some girl with whom he had been living directing her to give the ‘dark’ of the gaol ,£5 to have him (Batty) sent to some better place. This note was delivered by a dis charged prisoner; and the house at which it was delivered was a brothel. The gtr., after reading the note, threw it down upon the table. A few minutes afterwards the detective police had occasion to pay a visit to the brothel, and one of them took up the note and read it. Seeing in it that the gaol ‘dark’ had to be bribed, they de termined to make the experiment them selves, With this view they got a person who was not known at the gaol to stop the free clerk of Tipton gaol as he was leaving home, and make him the offer of .£5 if he would send Batty to another establish ment. “The next morning the free clerk asked me (he knew very little of the business him self) if there was a man of the name of Arthur Batty in the gaol. I told him that there was, and he then asked me if I could oblige him by inserting bis name in the next list of transfers. I answered that I could easily do it if lie wished it. “Xo more was said. I thought in my own mind that Battv’s friends had ar ranged with the free clerk in the matter, and I was really glad, as the man had a large family, that he had the opportunity of obtaining a trifle. He was a very gentle manly man, and was not in any way con cerned in the doings of Messrs. Palmer, Sawyer, and Cos., although, being shrewd, he judged that things were not exactly on the square. The next morning the free clerk entered the gaol office as pale as a ghost. He was very much excited, and walked backwards and forwards in the office without speaking a ward. At last, turning to me, he said—‘l am completely mined; what my poor family will do I don’t know. God help me! I’m an un fortunate man/ “He then went on to tell me that on the preceding evening he had accepted a ,£5 note from a person who represented him self to be related to the prisoner, Arthur Batty, which sum was given him with the understanding that he was to send Batty away as soon as possible to some other sta tion; that the person who handed the money to him was in reality a police agent, acting with the sheriff’s concurrence, and that the sheriff had himself witnessed, from some window the transaction. “ ‘I have been sent for by the sheriff this morning,’ said the poor clerk; ‘and there is a note in his possession which, officially referring to me as the gaol clerk, leads him to the conviction that I am accustomed to accept bribes. He would not listen to my protestations of inno cence, but told me he had no alernaive but to dismiss me at once.’ “Indeed, indeed, I was heartily sorry for the poor gentleman, as he stood before me so evidently distresssed in mind at his position. He was well connected; had 'been once a merchant in Belfast. I pitied him much, because I knew well enough that he had never received a sixpence from anyone by way of a bribe. In fact, he had no power whatever in Tipton Gaol to make it worth anybody’s while to bribe him. He lived in an atmosphere cf corruption, and he knew it; and though, perhaps, not venal by disposition, his sur roundings served to prepare him to yield to the temptation when the temptation was set before him. “I soon discovered that the same weak ness of character which had led the free clerk to accept the bribe had also allowed him to make use of moneys which he had officially received, and I confess that I then commiserated his misfortune less. “It was the £ofch day of the month (I remember it well) whenhis dismissal took place, and he had then in his possession all the money he had received from pri soners and other sources during the month, as it was his practice to settle with Mr Palmer on the last day of each monh. The amount that, at the time-of his dis sal, he was indebted to the gaol was up wards of ,£?0, and he had not a sixpence to pay it with. “Mr Palmer was not in a position to quarrel with him, so he accepted a pro missory note for the sum, and signed the accounts as if he had actually received the money. I saw the free clerk some time afterwards, when he was carrying on bush ness for himself, and he then told me that he had never paid Mr Palmer a six pence, and never intended to do so. “The force, of example is great, and therefore it is not very surprising that the turnkeys of Tipon Gaol were many re moves from immnculae. They had not, it is true, bv any means a thorough know ledge of Mr Palmer’s character, but they knew something of his proceedings, and they suspected a great deal more. Xo wonder, then, that they were anxious to do a little business on their own account; without any distressing-qualms of con science as to whether it was legitimate or not. “Mr Palmier, however, aimed at a mono poly: and no one could have studied more to keep his subordinate in the path of rec titude than he did. Secure himself, he nmde a point of hunting down others the instant he became aware that they were trespassing on his domain. Two cases o-f dismissal I well recollect. “The first case was that of a man named "Worth. He was attached to the labor yard cf the prison, and for some time he had managed to carry on a very profitable business with-the prisoners. On Mr Palmer’s -behalf I sold tobacco at lfe the pound; but Worth, as far as the labor yard was concerned, drove me out of the market by selling a pctfnd of tobacco ancLa box of matches for 11s. Could this be, tolerated l ? Mr Palmer declared not. ‘That man/ said Mr Palmer, with .a glow of virtuous indig nation,‘that man must,he detected.’ ' . “The man was a married man with ' a family, and I was not so callous-hearted as to fancy the job which Mr Palmer’s emphatic ‘that man must be- detected l ' pointed out for me’to perform. I inti mated mv disinclination-to. the task of-de tecting Mr Worth;-and-so Mr Palmer said he would take the matter into his-own hards... ■ “Two days afterwards the head : turns key was called .into th e joffiee,..and JSIrJP.aI-, mer told him that Turnkey Worth (accord - ing to information;given) was in the?habit of taking away from the gaol any port able property that came TritHin!his.reach7 and that on that very night - he was going to smuggle out a couple; of .quarts of lamp oil. And again Mr Palmer , pronounced the fatal words, ‘that.man-murbbe . de tected.’ ‘ “And dsteoted he was. '■’“•A* h» ira* leav ing the corridor of tha gaol he was stopped by the head turnkey, -and -two hotle« of the .Government ■lamp oilywere foumdriir the pockets; of 'his^oyeTCpat.rrMr,'-Palmer; recommended his he was. . The same -tweet;: X/ disposed /of thirty pounds off tobaccoto-tbe" men In the" ’abor yard/. ■- ; -MH iL ;. _____ “But I have- nOt ljaite--3one-with Mr- W-prtL yet. A few daysiafter.his dismissai h e presented himself at the-gabt; waa. intror duced ho' Mr Palm'erjer partbr/and dnleavA ing it took the was qppbihte'd-vas/ an ; mumoljjjfl officeij/; 'f.‘ ‘I /Uq “The other" case of dismissal was alto-. getter of my doing. The work was cat out for me by Mr Palmer, and I was stimu lated to its performance by a personal animus. "The turnkey’s name was Blackbird. I bad known for a long time that he was engaged in ‘cross .work,' and I had some times employed him myself to do little errands for me, always paying him liberal ly for his 'trouble. On one occasion I happened to see a gold watch advertised for sa.e, and as I had - some few pounds by me, which I had earned from the thief advocate, Mr Sawyer, I got Blackbird to call and see the watch, in order that I might purchase it if it were a good one,, and cheap. Blackbird's report being favor able, I handed him =CI2 to pay for it, that being the price demanded. The day after Blackbird told me that he had been drink ing at a public-house, and had lost the money out of his pocket. This story I did not believe, and I gave him to under stand that he must either bring . me the watch or the money. He declared' that he would do neither, and dared me to speak about it. Six weeks passed away, aud Blackbird still had the money. So long had I been passive, but it was time to act. "I got to find out, through my agents, that there was a man in the yard for whom Blackbird was in the habit of car rying out notes. It,so happened that it was one of these agents who wrote the notes, and so I sent word to him to. say that I should like to see the next note 'before it was given to the turnkey to take it out. The note was accordingly sent to me, and was to the following ef fect. I don't pretend to give the exact words, but merely the purport: " ‘Dear Friend,—The stuff came to me safely, and I now want a fin and some Strikes. The bloak acts on the square, and you must sling him well for me. He tells me that Tom will mount for me. but lam afraid to leave him. I'm gallid he’d settle me, instead of turning me up. Give the fin and the strikes to the bloak, aud tell him all particulars.' “I distinctly remember that the note was signed with a cross, but the name of the person to . whom it was addressed I cannot recollect. It was, however, as I learned from my agent, to be given to the barman of the Ship Inn in the first instance. “I made Mr Palmer acquainted with the circumstances of the case, and he proposed having the turnkey searched as he was leaving the gaol. I objected to this, as, after all. the note might not be' found, and Blackbird would in that case be al- j ways on his guard. I suggested that the head turnkey should go to the Ship Inn in plain clothes, and tell the barman that j he was instructed to call for the note, and that he wished to know where he could | find the person by whom it wasjeft. I pointed out that, his after proceedings would have to be determined by the bar man’s answer. It might happen that the party named actually lived at the Ship Inn, or. perhaps, would be really there | When the head turnkey called,, and in such a case a dilemma would arise. But I ! fold Mr Palmer that I was pretty certain i from all I had heard, that the party to j whom the note was addressed would call ■ here in the course of the evening to meet the turnkey, who conducted the business for bis imprisoned friend. If-this were the case, the barman would merely say he had received no note, and the head turnkey would reply, ‘Oh, then, I’ll step into the parlour, and when the note is brought you can bring it to me. and tell the bearer to wait in the bar till I come out.’ "My suggestion was adopted, and to the Ship Inn the head turkey repaired in the j evening as soon as the lock-up in the prison | was over. • | "Everything happened precisely as I ex- j pected. The head turnkey took a seat in j rhe parlour, and Blackbird half-an-hour afterwards, presented the note at the bar. and there remained until—to his conster nation—the head turnkey walked out cf the parlour and said to the barman—‘ls this the gentleman who brought the note?’ The barman replied in the affirmative, and Blackbird, with, I’ve no doubt, a very sheepish look, said that he was ‘sold.’ j “The head turnkey reported progress to I Mr Palmer, and Mr Palmer, when'Black- j bird appeared at the gaol gates the next j morning, refused to admit him. j “It was, I daresay, a mystery to some ! people how I managed to dress myself in so I expensive a style; how, instead of having an iron chain upon my legs, I sported a gold one round my neck; how, in place of having a watch over me, I carried a gold I one in my pocket; how,too, the usual order cf things was so reversed, that when turn keys addressed me they called me Mr Green, and that I in a tires.-ring them ex hibited more brevity and less politeness. Tt was a mystery to the prisoners how some men who never seemed to work at all were liberated, on the reward-1 aibour system, weeks before the completion of their sen tences. It was a mystery to Mr Palmer— and he admitted it—where all the money could possibly come from that found its way into his hands. It was a mystery to me how the high officers of the Govern ment could possibly be ignorant of Mr Palmer’s character, and that no search ing investigation was ever made into the system (known to half the world) which prevailed at his establishment. Lastly, it is still a mystery to me how, with such surroundings and such examples, it can be expected that a prisoner confined for an -" r!v of time in such an institution as Tipton Gaol can be returned to the world otherwise than twenty degrees worse than when he entered it." Such were the . experiences of David Green. I have heard it stated, that short-’ !y after the publication of “NicholasNick -v’ Mr Dickens received a host of re monstrances from Yorkshire' sehoolmas iw’ tx 0R recognising in Dothe ooj s Hall their own particular establish -111 T^ hackfor d Squeers a por r^:.i of -J~ hemse ' ]ve ?- I should not be sur- SimPrl ’!+. S OTe Than one or two gaolers' . omd fit the cap on their own heads, hut they are not likely to commit the indiscre tion of wearing it in public. (To be continued.) 