WALTER BESANTS LATEST GHOST STORY. It happened at a hospital; one of the resident house physicians, a young man, was sitting in his own room with a friend over pipes and whisky and water. They were playing a game of double dummy. They had beeu playing for some little time, no thing unusual happen Irg. They -were seated at a square table. One of them, at the beginning of a new game, had to deal to his own dummy, as is the rule at double dummy. When he finished a -most wonderful thing happened. The cards of the two dummies were taken up by invisible hands, which ar ranged them and held them in the usual fan like form. It was as if the cards were la the air. The two men looked at each-other and at this phenomenon with stupefaction. It they had noi been men of science they would have fled shrieking:. Then one of the dummies' hands were sharply rapped on the table. " That means play," whispered oue of them, and, with a gasp, h^'led. The leading partner took the trick and re turned, changing the suit to show the hand she held. 1 sny she, \iecauee by this time ther* were visible tbe hands nud arms that held the cards, but nothing niore. Oue of lue ployera was a woman with bare arms Trtiowing from a sleeve of white lace ; her fingers had rings upon them. The other w»s a roan's, with un pvdiuary coat sleeve and white cuff. Tbe men politely put down their pipes and remova* the whisky and water to another table. They played the game in solemn silence. Presently )t became apparent that tho lady played a masterly gHme. She held ;?ood cards ; so ilirt her partner. They stored in tho first rub —double, treble, and I.he rtib ; aud in the second—treble, single, and the rub. *' Never," my narrator told me. " did I play with a finer ©layer. She seemed to know by instinct -where every card -4n the pack was. At the end of the double rubber the mine disappeared. They went away as tl»y came. I have never seen them since, though I have sometimes luvited them to come by dealing the cards on the table. I have often wondered who the lady was ; young, as I gathered from the appearance of her arms ; a jrenUewornan, as was Bhown by the taper fingers, and the rings, and the lace, and a certain way of carrying her arms. Frolicsome, ns was proved by her sitting down to play with only her arms visible ; unmanned, from the absence of a wedding ring. Who co.uld the be ? Wh< was she brought to the hospital ? What Is her story ? I suppose she died here. Why did she die so young ? Above all, how could she, at her earty age, have ac quired such a knowledge of whist ? It is very rare to find a girl playing whist eveu decently. Perhaps, after—after leaving tbe hospital,' he added, with some delicacy of expression, " she may have found oppor tunities for practice. As for her com panion, he was comparatively uninterest ing. He had chalk stones ou his fingers, end he was only a mediocre playerV- He uegJected his partner's lead, he bottled bin trumps, and once he throw away the king of trumps), not even trying to save It by_an obvious finesse. Bat the lady—the lady she, indeed, was divine !"—Sir Walter .Oessmt, in the ' Queen." , 