COMPLETE STORY. rUBZJSHED BT EPECIiL A2aiASOE3£KST. Mysteiy of Cromford Court, on, RUBBER BY SUGGESTION, LADY JOHNSON, Author of " A Chance Delay," " "Within a Year," &e.; corraiGnr. N my re turn from the Conti nent, a few years ago, I received a pressing i n v itation from my old friend, Vera Lei cester, »to join tlieir snooting parly on the 1st of beptembcr. During my absence abroad, and about uine months before, Vera had married-a mau of wealth and position. I had never seen him, but from the enthusiastic way in which her letters spoke of his virtues of heart and mind I insensibly drew the conclu sion that worldly advantages had had less than usual to do with her settlement in life. Being in a state of ill-health and nervous depression, I felt strangely disinclined for the gaieties of a fashionable liousc-gathcr Still, as eye-witness of my friend's | happiness, I hoped to dispel a few of my J own gloomy thoughts, and in her sympa j thetic companionship regain something of i my lost cheerfulness. So I bought some new frocks, had my trunks packed, and left Paddington on the 30th of August for Crom fqnl Court, their place in Middleshire." I secured a corner in a first-class carriage, at the other end of which sat two ladies; and later a gentleman, whom I had observed to pass my window several times, got in and [ took the vacant seat opposite mc. j | He was a fine man, tall, and of military 1 appearance. With the thoughtless criticism of absolute unoccupation. I was deliberating on his claim to good looks when his eyes were suddenly turned upon me, and I ex perienced the curious sensation of being un able to withdraw iny own. For a few i seconds my regard was arrested; then the I consciousness of having been surprised in the | midst* of an inquisitive stare made me flush hotly, and with an effort I turned my head away. For some time I did hot venture to look in his direction. When I did so it was to discover him calmly reading a newspaper, and I soon caught- myself again narrowly observing him. * Yes. lie was certainly good-looking. Hair dark and wavy, nose thin, with sharply-cut nostrils, mouth that his heavy moustache prevented my seeing—and the; chin was firm and masterful. ! How long my investigations lasted I know not, but I gradually became dimly con-1 scions of my curiosity being reciprocated.1 This time, unabashed, I continued my scrutiny, gazing intently into the strangely attractive orbs, irresistibly held by a kind of spell I was powerless to break, and I re membered no more. I was awakened by the opening of the carriage door, and just in time to sec the tails of my opposite neighbour's coat dis appear. I was startled to find myself alone, the two ladies having departed during my sleep. I drew out my watch. It was more than two hours since we left town. Then I looked for my dressing-case. Yes, it was there nil right. I smiled at my fancies. Still it struck me as odd and unusual that I should have slept so soundly. Wo changed trains at Kentbam, and half an hour later, on descending at Fairtown, I was surprised to see my former travelling companion on the platform. The Leicester's* brougham was waiting, and as I prepared to step in he approached, hat in hand, inquiring if I were Mrs. Faulkner. I bowed. " Then will you let me introduce myself? My name is Greshaiu. Mrs. Leicester thought it* probable we might be travelling by tbo same train." The name struck me as familiar. Where had I heard it before? He entered the brougham after mc, and we talked during the short mile that intervened between the station and tbo Court. "You were dozing so peacefully when I changed for a smoking carriage at Aider dale," he volunteered, " if I had cot seen you at Rcutham, X should have come to look you up." " It was curious my sleeping so soundly. I never remember doing so before, travelling in tho daytime." Ho looked surprised. "Indeed. The shaking of the carriage, I suppose; and you looked tired." ** Why did you not speak to me then, as you seemed to have mid no difficulty in recognising me?" " I was not quite cerlair until X saw you get out at Fairtown. * A young lady in Sight mourning.* Those were the only de-v tails Mrs. Leicester gave me*1 .• ' - .Wc arrived at the house. It was just tea time; but Vera deputed her duties to her sister, and insisted upon carrying mc off to. my room, where, after putting me into a cool ■wrapper and on to the sofa,* she drew up a low chair in front of the tiny tea-table, and ministered to my wants, chattering i her bright way, the picture of happiness. "I told Captain Gresham to look out for i you," she said" " and gave hhn such a J description as would lead inevitably to his] recognising you." I was a little startled. u He went up to towi on business yester- j day. I told him how nervous and unprac tical you were, in spite of all your journey ings, and begged him to quietly keep ar eye ou youand she laughed merrily. "Vera, it is not—surely, the Captain Gresham you wore engaged to two years "Yes!" and her check flushed ever sol slightly. " But that was all over and done | vrith long before I met George.". " But—how curious he should be here." " Not at aU. My husband met him at I Homburg, whero he went to drink the waters a few weeks ago, and they saw a| good deal of each other." Something in my face made her add has tily, " Have no apprehensions, you circunx-1 spect darling. We arc good friends, but he is as indifferent* to me now as I to him—01* | else he would not be here." " But Vera—surely you cared very much | for each other at one time ?" She hesitated. "Did we? We were young and foolish | in tboso days." "And why did you not marry him?" I| continued, with gentle persistence. " Well, you see, he had only his pay, and I I came to the conclusion that matrimony on | those conditions was not good enough." " And he?" M Oh, he acquiesced, of course. What else | could ho do?" "Then you jilted him?" " Hardly that. It was a case of untoward J circumstances. Wo discussed them, and | came to an understanding—mutually." " You never really loved him, Vera," 11 continued with conviction. " I am afraid not," balancing her teaspoon I on the edge of her cup. u Ah, Gertrude, I was so tiied of poverty. To enter volun-1 tarily another state of it was beyond my f moral strength." " Then your husband's wealth was the in- j ducemcnt for you to marry him?" I spoke rather bitterly. Having made a I love-match myself and outlived my happi ness in one short- year, I was intolerant of | the so-called " marriage de convenance." " You are mistaken,'* she answered, stead ily, and now the flush deepened in her cheeks. "That George is well off, I do not deny, is a source of considerable satisfaction to me. But I love my husband, Gertrude, and what is more, I honour and respect him more than I can say. And when you know him, dear, you will doubt mc no more." I felt I had been over-hasty " Forgive, me, Vera. I am disposed to be horribly critical sometimes. I think the hot journey has disagreed with me." And I put my hand on hers, and wc fell to talking over the events that had taken place in both our lives since our last meeting four years before. I did not see Mr. Leicester until dinner time. He was a tall, broad-shouldered man of forty-five; not handsome, bat with a face of remarkable intelligence, and his extreme courtesy of manner and quiet friendliness assured me of the sincerity of my welcome. My delicate state of health prcveuted my being more than an onlooker at the various gay doings thai took place during the fol lowing week. There was a ball one night, theatricals another, and impromptu dancing every evening on the polished oak floor of | the great- square hall. With the exception of being taken in to I dinner several times by Captain Grcshaiu, 11 saw very little of him. The strange impression made upon me from the first by the peculiarity of his gazt developed insensibly into a curious fear, which all my efforts of will were powerless to conquer. Truth to say, he affected my company as little as I could wish. Although unfailing in the ordinary observances of polite society, he never evinced any desire for my companionship, and wc tacitly avoided each other as much as circumstances would .allow. To Vera he was deferentially ceremonious, courteously indifferent. Between him ami 3Ir. Leicester there ajqicarcd to exist a frank good-fellowship that I could little under stand between two natures I instinctively | felt to be the antipodes of each other. I had been there just a week,-when that event took place, the consequences of which havo affected my life ever since. Wo had gone upstairs about half-past eleven ono night, the men on our departure retiring to the billiard-room for that cosy hour of smoky intercourse so dear to the masculine mind. It was late usually when they separated, so Vera said. I had been asleep some little time, when I was awakened by a curious feeling, startling in its-horrible intensity, which made me conclude that I had been disturbed by some bad dream, of which I had only a confused recollection. An irresistible longing to see my friend made me rise* from my bed, and slipping on my dressing-gown, I opened the door softly and peeped out into the corridor. It was in darkness. Evidently the household had gone to rest. I was in a sleepy, half-dazed condition, and smiled to myself at the im pulso which would have sent mc wandering over the silent- house in the dead of night. : Then I roused myself, took the unusual precaution ot turning the key in my lock, and looked at my watch. It was half- past twelve. The men had doubtless come up early to-night. Then I lay down again, fell asleep im mediately and dreamed; and this was my dream: ♦ I thought I was walking down the long corridor, towards Yern's bedroom, a wild iiupul^ leading me on. I trembled with eagerness to confront her, to hnrl at her the fierce invectives that rose to my lips, prompted by a strange malignant hatred at my heart. b loathed her soft, winsome beauty; ab horred the pleasant friendliness with which sho treated me. To witness her deep aud perfect happiness, when my own was irre vocably wrecked, goaded me past endurance. To watch the outpouring of a love which had made my own heart dcsolute roused mo to fury. I would see her—charge her with her falseness—lash her with the venom of my. scorn aud contempt—taunt her with her base and odious unfaithfulness. And in a moment of indescribable frenzy, X seized an Indian club, that lay on a cabinet on the top of the stairs. Then I went cautiously to her door, turned the handle ."gently and entered. The Email wax night-light shed a soft radiance, by which I perceived Vera asleep. I approached the bed and leaned', over her. Her pretty head was dropped forward in an attitude of deep slumber; her rhair, tossed back, lay in its bright luxuri ance on the pillow, and I marked the glitter of her wedding-ring on the white hand that - lay outside the coverlet. And then a frantic transport seized me, and all the deadly hate that I had hidden so secretly, all the sense of injustice and wrong that had been pent up in me so long, all the jealousy and bitter envy that had made of my life a hell for months burst forth and X became mad! Mad with vindictive passion —mad with the delirious and intoxicating joy of one who feels that his hour of revenge lias come. And then X raised the club in my two hands, and with a mighty swing I whirled it round my head, and—awoke with a great ciy^ to find myself rigid with horror, tho cold sweat standing in beads on my temples, and my heart bounding with tho indescribable anguish of a deadly fear. There was no more sleep for me thac night. I rose and paced the room for hours, fighting with the awful dread that had eo completely taken possession of me. On ono point alone my brain was clear; I most get away—away from the scene thatr might re call my ghastly vision. When the sun was up I dressed, pondering thp difficulties that lay in my path. I had the unenviable re-., putation of being whimsically uncertain in my movements, and generally erratic, but even that might fail to reconcile Vera to rav immediate departure. Oi my awful dream I determined to breathe no word. What I apprehended I knew not, but a shuddering terror of re maining longer uuder that roof had so com-' plctely mastered ino, that I felt my reason would be imperilled if I stayed. •When my maid brought in my early cup of tea, I gave her orders to pack, -and feeling too ill to descend I sent a pencilled line to Mrs. Leicester, asking for a few minutes* conversation later. She came immediately after breakfast and in a few words I told her of my intentions.; I pleaded a sudden " crise de nerfs," and my. deathly pallor and extreme prostration gave a semblance of truth to the trite statement.;' I explained elaborately the imperative or-' ders of my physician, and the necessity of absolute solitude and isolation at such times.?! At first she was incredulous, then impatient at what she was pleased to call my "crot-; chety fads," but gradually seeing the tears in my eyes and my air of utter weariness,' her sweet nature asserted itself and she con-] sented to my departure on the condition that I should return and finish my visit later,' when she and her hnsbaud were alone. So I went back to town, took lodgings at Xot-! ting HiU, and lived a quiet, humdrum lifo for several weeks. • The effect of my strange dream was gradu-; ally wearing off, and my shattered nerves were beginning to regain their never-too-^ great composure, when one day, looking, over the morning paper, I was attracted by the heading of a paragraph, Shocking tragedy in Middlesliire," and read as fol i lows: " A sad and altogether inexplicable tragedy took place early on Wednesday at Cromford Court, tho residence of Georgo Leicester, Esq. On entering his bedroom, about 1-30 a.m., Mr. Leicester was horrified to discover his wife's dead body (the bead of which was shockingly mutilated), on tho' bed. The unfortunate lady had retired some two hours before, and must have been asleep when the murderous onslaught was commit-l ted. An Indian clob, covered with fresh' bloodstains, was found on a cabinet in tho corridor, at a little distance from the bed room door. From the violence of the blow, it would seem that death had been instan taneous. Medical aid was at once sum-! znoned, but Doctor Frith of Fairtown, who was quickly in attendance, stated that lifo' had been extinct more than an hour. Xo clue has been discovered.as to the perpe trator of the dastardly crime. Active in vestigations are proceeding." • I stared, stunned with horror, at tho ' fatal lines. My eyes seemed riveted on them. Over and over again I read them, in a dazcil unconscious way, sometimes repeating them aloud as one who cons a lesson. And by. slow degrees, through the dimness of my? paralyzed understanding, the details forced themselves one by one into my brain. Tho time, place, circumstances, even the instru-, .menl of; death -wereidcntically the same as I had pictured in my dream. And then my .brain -began - to, reel, a sadden blindness seized ine, and Kith a piercing cry I fell .prone to; the floor-in tlie God-given res-. ;l>ite. of:. insensibility. To give anyone healthy in muid and body nil idea of the mental anguish I suffered dur ing the next twelve months is cntifcly out of my power. Cioso and unremitting in vestigation had failed to elucidate the.mys tery of Vcra's death- All the vigilanco of skilled detectives had proved unequal to the discovery of the murderer. I was torn "asunder by doubt ynd un certainty. ' "Sometimes au irresistible im pulse 4o relato my dream to Mr. Leicester assailed-me-Kith such force,- that I could hardly restrain from, seeking liim out for that purpose. At other times I would ask | ;cB what end it would serve? The stait myscll _ Ting coincidence might add to his distress, but could aid in no tray in bringing the •criminal to justice. The bitter reflection, ..suggesting to mo the possibility of my con fidence on this subject having acted as a warning, had I communicated it to Vera, was ever present with me. I had refrained from doinjfso, from a shrinking distaste to tq>cak of it, and the latent fear that any relation of my night's experience ought be met by jesting incredulity, and more decided opposition to luy departure. Thus brooding, my mind fluctuating be* .'tweeu a sense of duiy.aud expediency, lived in continual self-toniient. I was worn .to a shadow, and finally broke down so. completely as to necessitate putting myself under skilled medical care. The world-wide reputation of Professor — had reached me. ' I determined to seek his advice, and to travel by easy stages to Vicuna for that purpose. My first interview was a little disappoint ing. He listened to my symptoms, treated any case with apparent*unconcern, and sent me .hack to my hotel to rest and get ovc tho fatigue of the journey. On my next visit he was more detailed, and made his inquiries in n business-like way that in ten .minutes laid the histoiy of my life before him without reservation, r The professor was old enough to have .been my father. He had a kindly manner and the sympathetic tact that invites con fidence. It was an inexpressible relief to feel that at last someone shared with me the secret I bad not hitherto revealed to a living «oul. He looked at me curiously as I told .mystery, putting odd questions now and .then as to particulars, that struck mo as being wide of the mark, but when I had /finished he said, "My dear lady, you are .suffering from extreme nervous excitement 'and brain fatigue. I could suggest a remedy .—hypnotism!" • iVas- startled. Hypnotism I To my ig • norant mind it was closely connected with supcrnaturalism. Vague ideas of being sub ject to an. influence from which I could never more escape floated through my brain. .Casually-kcard-of cases of the unscrupulous exercise of such an influence came into my mind. He noted my hesitation. "You are apprehensive," he remarked, smiling. " The suggestion startles you." . "Yc-es," I replied. "I had never thought of it. Bat—" ' N He interrupted me, taking off his spec tacles, and looking acros3 with kindly senous eyes. "My child, you are young, and God and I alone know what you have gone through. My work in life is to relieve suffer ing. I can alleviate yours. Will you let me try?" #■ I burst into tears. And when I left him, soothed and consoled by his hopeful words, it was with-tho understanding that I should begin at once the treatment from which he anticipated such good results. Some weeks elapsed. A certain portion of each day I spent under the hypnotic in . fluence of the Professor, and woke from my trance in a delicious state of quiet calm I had not known for years. The experiment .was successful beyond my farthest hopes. 'Sleeplessness—one" of the most obstinate features of my case—had passed away, and my nights were spent in natural slumber, Instead of in the weary tossings consequent on tho activity of a "wakeful brain. My .nerves were calmed. I had put on flesh and regained something of my former good spirits. Life seemed less sombre, and I be gan to take an interest in many of my old pursuits. My gratitude to the Professor was bound less." It was to him I owed my recovered strength, my repose of mind and body. At Ills advice I was leaving for a time to take a course of'waters at Maricnbnd. I had gone to say " gcod- byc" to hiim. When I was admitted he was pacing the room, seeming ly disturbed, f sat down, and after a few turns he stopped in front- of me. •' "There is something I want to say to . you,*' he began, " and I have been debating as to whether it would not be better left .unsaid." I was silent, a trifle perplexed. "I think you are strong enough to bear it, and yet"—he hesitated—" if it affects ynn harmfully after all we have accom plished " and he paused meditatively. My interest was fully aroused. "I am Strong enough'to bear anything, except"— snii!ing=" unsatisfied curiosity." He took a chair opposite me, and felt mv pulse, " Calm and strong. Very welL Now turn your thoughts back for a moment. Do yon ^member, in answer to certain questions of mine, telling me of a vis-tor in Mr. Leices ter s house—one to whom your friend had • peen formerly engaged, and to whom vou md taken an unaccountable aversion?"- * "•Perfectly. It was Captain Grcsliam." * '/Aud i think you said you bad travelled | there \ritli him?" • . ' , * "Yes, from London." f Can rou recall any incidents of tlie.jour-1 ncyr •••. - I reflected. He continued: "Were there any other occupants of the railway car riage- • " Yes. Two ladies—at least for a part of the' way. Wo all got in at Paddington. They got out somewhere]' while I was asleep." His eyebrows lifted just a trifle. "Do you often sleep in the train?" " No. • But I did that day. I slept two hours." - "Was Captain Gresham seated, opposite to YOU?". " ''Yes." v'.*'.,. . ■ * ' ; . JIo was silent tor a moment—then, "Now, reflect before you answer me;. have you any reason to suspect that Captain Gresham hypnotised you?" • - I started visibly. It all flashed back- on my memory—the peculiarly attractive eyes —the extraordinary sensation of powerless* ness—and then zuy long deep slumber. I related it in detail. "That clears things considerably," con tinued the Professor. "I knew you had been under his influence somewhere." "Under his influence?" I cried. "But how—where?"* He hesitated as-if to choose his words. ' \- "It is.a sad story, dear young lady, and one I should never have confided to you had I not felt that it must rest with you whether this inan be brought to justice or not." • '/For what? I do not understand you." "For—murder J" > I roso in great excitement. "Murder! Do you mean that it was—he —who killed my friend?" "Not actively, hat by suggestion." And he quietly put uic back in my chair. I was speechless. "Now listen. It is n well-known fact that under certain conditions the operator con suggest to his subject, in hypnotic sleep, acts and thoughts which 011 awaking the subject proceeds to carry out. And—now mark what I say—although the hypnotised person may, on awaking, commit acts, even crimes that were suggested to him in his sleep, he will have no recollection of the suggestion having been made to him; and the only way to discover that such baneful influenco has been at work is to re-hyp notise the subject by another operator, when, by. careful questioning, all the former suggestions may be elicited.'1 My wide-open eves gazed at him with the intensity of one who is straining every facnlty to comprehend an insoluble mystery. He proceeded. " From sundry words un consciously uttered by you in sleep, coupled with the information I already possessed, I had no hesitation in essaying this experi ment—with the result that"every detail sug gested to you under the hypnotic influence of that cruel -monster, for tho cold-blooded murder of your friend, was revealed to me." Nothing remained but to discover the time and place of his acquiring that power over you." • For some time I failed to grasp the sense of his words. He explained it again slowly and patiently, and by degrees the enormity of the risk to which I had been exposed became clear to my bewildered brain. Even then it was with difficulty I could be per suaded of the certainty of my own guilt lessness. I was frozen with horror. I leaned for ward eagerly, with lips that almost refused their office. • , "Is it true—quite true—what—you—tell " I swear it. -Calm yourself, my dear | young lady. You had no hand in tllat aw ful crime." "But my dream?" I whispered, fearfully. " Thank God it was only a dream." "By some inexplicable agency, his vile J project miscarried. Your brain* alone car-1 ried.out in sleep the deed he suggested to you to commit iu reality." j " But—who—who—V" I could get no ; further. He repeated my question. "Who? Ah, that is just what one must find out. In your case be was unsuccessful. There must have been another." • " Another 1" I echoed. " Certainly. He was evidently no novice. An expert hypnotist would easily select a subject. A passing flirtation—the solitude of a tcic-a-tetc—would give him the oppor tunity. I should say it would very likely be some lady staying in the house." I shuddered. " When a man arrives at such a X»itcb, be has no compunction. -He-will employ any tool that comes to his hand." My brain was gradually clearing. " But that poor creature—whoever it was —must be conscious of her guilt." "That is the strange part of it. It is a most extraordinary case, bub I am incliued to the opinion that the person who com mitted that murder rose from her bed and did it in her sleep." "And has 110 remembrance of it?" I gasped. " None whatever." I felt sick and faint with mingled emotions. He went on. „wAlthough totally ignorant of the in fluence inciting her, no woman, unburdened and unskilled in crime, could consciously commit murder with indifference. Besides, I hare a great respect for your English police. Had any of the guests in that house —consciously, I repeat—done that fearful deed, I have no hesitation in saying that concealment of his or her giujt would have' been impossible*' * After a pause ho continued' . - -Listen to tEe-facts of the case,, as I gathered them from you. No one left the house, no one was found to have entered it. Not .the shadow of a" suspicion rested upon any of the servants, and all the gentlemen were'down stairs at the time of the murder. The poor lady had not' an enemy in' the world, savo that man, and that" enmity was guessed by no one, but yourself. Now what more likely than that this man should have chosen a subject to execute his brutal de signs—have by suggestion indicated the time, circumstances, and even tho instru ment of death, and also that his victim should do it—in her steep?" By the Eght of events and my own ex perience I could see the plausibility of his reasoning. ' • .. . "And now," he concluded, "it is in your hands to denounce the murderer." I started up with a loud cry. " Never! Never will I bring remorse and guilt- home to the poor soul, who before God is guiltless." "And the ends of justice?" he inquired quietly. ." Justice!" I felt the blood surge up into my face, and my eyes were blazing. " The real murderer is that vile man I I might, hut for the merciful intervention of Provi dence, have liad my hands stained with the blood of my friend." And should I be the one' to wreck the life of .-mother woman as in nocent as myself, in order that he may get his deserts?" • * The Professor was seated and had covered his face with' his hands. I went on my knees beside him. \- ."Oh, my friend," I wailed, "you whoso Efo is spent in tho service of your fellow creatures, you who had such sympathy for tho sick and the sorrowful, you who know tho workings of the human heart and mind, as it is given to few to know, yon could not nrgc me to bring upon a morally guilt less woman the life of hideous remorse and misery that I myself have so narrowly escaped?" • Then he uncovered his face and took my clasped hunds in his own. "It was for you to decide, my child. I think you have chosen the right course. Let us leave it to One, of whom it is said, ' Vengeance is mine.'", . I did not go to Marienbad after all. For weeks I was prostrate from nervous exhaus tion, consequent on the shock produced by the Professor's disclosures. And when once more, by his help and encouragement, I took up the burden of my life, it was with the consciousness of carrying to my own grave the weighty secret which, had lie not shared it, most have bowed me to the ground. Two years later I was in Paris. Acci dentally meeting an American friend one day we went to lunch together at Bignon's. We were seated and discussing the menu, when a gentleman walked in, took the table next us, and sat down opposite to mo. I raised my eyes as I passed the winecard to my companion, ~ and met those of Captaiii Gresham. He was changed almost past recognition. His hair was white, his fea tures drawn and haggard. Itu'as the face of a man weighed down by a deadly fear. But the eyes were the same—soft, dark and luminous, with the-sombre Eght in them I remembered so well. For a moment we looked at each other, then ho rose, and taking his hat, passed out quickly into the street. Sly friend had been a spectator. "What a strange man!" she exclaimed. " He has the face of a criminal. And -you— my dear, why, you look as if you had seen a ghost." And to this day that man, whose Etc I hold within ray hand, walks God's earth free. And Vera Leicester's death remains a mystciy. 