PURCHASE OF ORES AT PORT AUGUSTA. Mr. A. H. Clark, Manager of Mounl rorrens Cyanide Works, will leave for Port Augusta shortly for the purpose of pur chasing ores on behalf of the Government. The floors at the Government wharf are ready for the reception of ores, which may be forwarded thither by Inspectors ana others, and Mr. Clark will be in attendance nt Port Augusta to purchase any ores thatj «r<» of value. He will make periodical visits lo I'ort Augusta foi this purpose. " lie Registrar-General of Western Aus tralia, Mr. Malcolm A. C. Fraser, has intro duced a sen-ible reform in tbe matter of statistical returns by the publication of a handy monthly epitome of current facts. There are, he remarks, many interesting and important 6'ati deal de ails publis el j j eiiodica'Jy duriag the year by t :e teveral ; departments of the Public Se. vice, but as j tJmy have bsen up to the present only dis- j n.oi.uectedly disseminated through the me- i .bum of the public Prass tbey are not, as j a rule, readily available for liandy reference if ^subsequently required. The "'S.atistical Abstract," which it is intended sball m future* bo published monthly, has been de-*" nigned with a vitTv of overcoming this dis advantage. As many of the details given have to he obtained by imeans ox estimates, and fi om preliminary returns tliey are liable, ot coui'.-e, to amendment at a later date; but all fi ;ures which have not been finally cor rected have been marked as subject tio alte ration, wiiich will be duly, made so s:on as practicable. We have received a copy of the first number of the "Abstract" in its pre sent form, containing m<.«t of the data re quired for ordinary political and general ru" poses. The infbimation having been b. ou^ht up to the latest possible date, the .veil-arranged tables will be found particu larly useful to politicians, journalists, mer chants, and others. (Mr. Pritcliard Morgan, M.P. (s»ys_ the ''Daily Chronicle'7) has had many years' ex perience of tbe "Heathen Chinee. When Practising as a solicitor in Northern Queens land he had numerous Chinese .clients- A Koi y used 10 lie current in Charters Towers illustrative uf MLr. Morgan's knowledge of (Mongolian artfulness. A Chinaman was the defendant in the Local Police Court. All through a sweltering hot day the case Had Auxcd the patience of tthe Magistrate. The Chinaman, when charged in English, merely avji'ied, "No savee''-pidgin-English for '"Don't understand"-and smiled blandly at * he Court. The interpreter onlj; confused falters. Ait Inst the Magistrate imposed n Jine of 40s. The interpreter reasoned wih I lie jirisoner at some length, and then an lionnced, "Jie no savee. In despair the JUagistrate'turned to Mr. Morgan, who hap pened to be in Court. '"Mr. Morgan," he tnid, "can you make this wretched man understand?" '"Certainly,'" responded Mr. (Morgan; and standing up in Court he ad dressed the Chinaman:-"John, you are lined £10." "No flear, Mr. Morgan, 'flotty f.hiliiii/ " was tlie retort of the excited Chinaman. "The Bench may rest assured 41i.it he 'savees,J said Mr. Morgan, resum ing bin seat «>> the prisoner was led from the dock. Who heard the ghostly drummer of Cor tachy Castle heat the death-roll of the late J'hrl of Airlie? His spectral tattoo is ever the herald of death to the heads of the Ogilvys. hi bygone times there was a drummer who drummed for the "Bonny lluuw." of Airly," The in-etched player of IVnd'd the earl of those days and was tied u;> in his own drum and flung from a high tower. After vainly pleading for his life l.iic iioor little drummer threatened that hi.' ghost should haunt the family for ever tui.l ever. Legend has it that generation !Ui>T generation the dead drummer has hmimled the last post for Earl and Countess >u Airlie, ami the roll of his drum has ilnMiigh the long centuries blanched the laws of many inmates of Cortachy Cas il'.1. In 1845 a visitor at Cortachy was Hmsfing for dinner. A tattoo was beaten lipuoath licr window. The lady listened in cs:i;|iri*e. for as far as she knew there were no bandsmen at the castle. Going down iii dinner she said to her host-"Who is it 11: it plays the drum so skilfully outside the fa.-iliiS1" The «ar] turned pale and shi Vi-ivd. The countess could not hide her friii'. The face of even' Ogilvy at the t.'ble V.'hs deadly -white. Within a avock the countess lay in her shroud. The ti in miner was the spectre of Cortachy Cas ii.\ A few years later a young English ism who was to shoot with Lord Ogilvy, 1 lie eldest son, at the Tulchian, a shooting 5mlne at the head of Glerusheie, missed his *w.«y. The night was ."."(Id, and darkness li.id long set in before he saw the lights of the shooting lodge. Then up the glen rc ifiiti the- long roll of the drum, There could be no mistaking it. "Who could be playing out of doors on such a night?" he ii.-.lied Lord Ogilvy. "Silence," was his only answer. It was the dead drummer of ( iirlaohv Castle. The Earl of Airlie died i.'i London within less than a week. When ihe father of the Earl of Airlie who fell in iSrituh Africa last Monday died, it is said tiiat the drummer did not sound his drum, li may be true. Perhaps he has not lii-dtcn it on this occasion. But the coun li-ycide will not he denied their ghost, and it may be that "we shad] soon hear that the spectral drum "was heard at Cortachy the <!,iy before the gallant cavalrvman fell in tN.uth Africa.-"Dally Mail." ' Evidently inspired by the (Rev. Mr. i-heldon's attempt to rim an ideal news i-uper, another Editor, Mr. H. J. Feltus, tn' the Hloomington, Indiana, "Star," has decided to conduct his paper for a week jimt as fnitan would % In an editorial Mr. t'VUtis says:-"The 'Star'_ for Saturday will be a devil of a paper. No Church notices, ji r reading matter, nor advertisements of a religious: nature will bti received. We pro to let the devil have full sway." A return has been issued in England showing the number of railway servants Killed since 1894 by accidents in which the movement of vehicles used exclusively on railways was concerned. The total is 2,848, made up as follows:-1894. 473; 1895, 430; JS!I8, 4-14; 1897, 501; 1898, 488; and 1899. 512. JV.eivliurg, one of the busiest centres outside the cilty, will hold an Industria1 inhibition next month. At the request of the oommit'tea, comprising prominent jv.-i<lciiits of that thriving town, the Secre <t irv to -the S.A. Chianiber of Manufactures ha- been authorized to f-upply intending exhibitors from the city with all informa lioii. Mr. Henry ITolroyd has shown us a neat liitle production called the "Transvaal War Alphabet," dedicated "To our soldiers' chil dren " The little work was prepared by (Mrs. Celia Congreve, -the -wife of a Holdier .\vlio recently won the Victoria Cross in Souib Africa. It is-issued for the purpose of helping the War Fund along. The pro ceeds derived from the sale of' the book rvvi 11 lie devoted to this object. Each letter is. characterized, and (he wording runs in tiie following strain:-"A is for army, in Mtaki now dressed, H are the (Boers who Kmr kinsmen oppressed." An advertisement in another column an ti * unices that Mr. James Sadler, who was Engaged in tlie .Savings Baaik of South Aus tvalia for many years, and who is now resi dent in London, is pivpai-ed to do business .v ith principals in mining, commei'cial, and Xither niattcrs. We have received from Mr. E. W. Cole, iof the i Book Arcade, Rundle-street, a jacket of patriotic postcards. The packet Conta infl six cards, each -with a tnedallion ?phobograffhic portrait, either of Her Majes ty the Qoeen, or one of the generals now in South Africa. The portrait is surround ed by Australian wild flowers, artistically arranged, and surmounted by embossed and ooloured renresentations of the Union Jack, Ihe flag of Australia, and the Australian ; Coat of Arms. The colour-printing is ex- ' cellendy done, and reflects great credit on (the local producer. 