5 VISITOR FB0P1 MOTHER WORLD. i Si U H lltlT'S ElHIIEItL I would not spend another such a night Though 'twere to buj a world of happy days. . j ' Shakespeare.— -K. Richard III., Act 1, Sc. IV. ; CHAPTER I. (»iffi^p-®5^gM)ITH pen in hand and a fair page before mo, I hesitate. Shall I, or rather, can I,, tell this story ? Not only (]oes touch me closely, J but it shames me; It is terrible: I alone know how terrible. And it is so recent that it seems but last night no longer. I -will tell it. Yes, I will tell it all. What shall I lose by doing so ? A littlo of the present dread, perhaps, that weighs upon me— nothing more. If anything can relax the tension of my nerves it will surely be the writing down of the naked facts of my night's1 experience. And then, by degrees, perchance the horrid remembrance will' cease to blacken my every dream. Only one living person besides myself knows why silver streaks have so rapidly appeared in my hair; Evelyn Merritt is that one, and 'she urges me to tell out the ghastly tale; And indeed the world may hear it now,; for 'it can harm nobody. .. ; The night was that of the Merritts' ball. Evelyn is an old schoolfellow of mine, who, till the house was burnt down six weeks ago, lived at Ashington Hall, in Derbyshire. Happening to be in the neighbourhood, I was invited this autumn to their annual 'dance. ' ? ' And you must stay the night, dear,' Evelyn had added, ' for goodness knows when we' shall break up.' From my childhood I have loved dancing, and I am as keen on it now as ever. But, sad to say, I have reached an age (thirty next birthday !) when one has sometimes to bear ' the mortification of seeing_ oneself shelved in favour of children in their teens, who'Ought to be in the schoolroom. A woman unused to posing as a wall-flower finds it hideously unpleasant to be com pelled1 to stand aside. But I have too much spirit to cave in at once and decline invita tions.' -At' some balls, I remind myself, dancing1 offers come in brisker than in others. ' '' And so, always hoping for the besti I have my hair dressed in a fresh style, choose a younger frock, and try my luck again.' That evening, at the Merritts, fortune seemed 'cruel. Introductions were few, -but that was no disgrace. The sting lay in being coolly overlooked by men whom I knew. ' Truly I did not feel proud as I stood in a conspicuous place and fingered my programme. ? How lovely Evelyn looked I She is younger than I, and a man's girl every inoh. I don t think I was jealous of her, but I yawned behind my fan, and gloomed mourn fully as the room filled — but not my card. The guest pie was not, well proportioned; there was too little hani for the quantity of veal. Girls were thick, and men scarce. The sight was a pretty one — it always is— but when one's feelings are hurt one's ad- : miring capacity is reduced. ' Butterflies and black beetles !' I said. 'How on earth can a man bis content to be turned into an exaggerated Stiggihs with ) the front corners cut out, instead of dressing as they knew how to in the last'century ?' I was speaking, for fault of a better listener, to a shy, gawky child-giant— the sort of companion wall-nowers find. She ^ sighed and strangled another _ yawn. This kind of thing was not inspiriting. I began to wish myself at home, and to make resolves for the future. I had done so once before. Just then a waltz ended, and a stream of flushed girls glided past me, each on her partner's arm. Of course, I smiled gaily at thoso I knew, and glanced at my list with a casual air. Names on it were as scarce as money in a poor-house, but positively I was engaged for the next — provided my partner did me the honour to turn up. ? Thank heaven he did. And to spite him, myself, and creation, I danced it right through, and felt better. By the end we were both panting,, but I had tho joy of walking out with him past a wistful group of un appropriated maidens. We sat on the stairs, and talked the usual bosh. Was ho going to tho Heatons' Fancy Dress ! No ; he jiadn't the luck to know them. Had I seen the pantomime ? Yes ; didn't think much of it. And so on, through the hunting topic and the skating topic, till a distant squeak of musio gave warning of the coming lancers. ' Can I find your partner for you ?' \ No, thanks, I hate a square dance. I think I won't go back ijito the hot room yet; It's far pleasanter here.' lie smirked, and shot away. Very likely he saw through my unconventional request. Well, I didn't care. I was tired of my position in the ball-room, labelled 'Left.' What I like is to dance, and talk, and be smiled at. The next three hops were blanks ; : it .. was siokening ! If Evelyn noticed it — and she was sure to question me ? (he would butun-hole some unlucky youth. That I could not endure. I wa^.i't built that way. ..... ,, l Therefore I would not exhibit myself. The stairs wore now practically empty. I would steal up to my room, and, sitting snugly by the fire, forget my age ana injuries in the railway novel I had left un finished. No one need ever know ; I might even win the credit of a quiet spoon. A 'mash' is very nice indeed. What do you think ? My little room was nearly at the top of the house. On the first night of stairs I disturbed two brace, on the second, one, and thon I supposed I had got clear of fellow creatures. With half-angry relief I whisked round the next corner— to find myself mistaken ! My escape was not yet perfect. About five steps further up a young man was leaning against the wall. I rather believe I should have retreated post haste — like the Boers do when they smell General Roberts approaching — had he not sighted me. Our eyes met, and a queer, indescrib able thrill made my very fingers tingle. He was a stranger, however, ana I prepared to walk coolly past him. What business had he to be shirking the ball-room ? There must be a girl in the place. For he was remarkably handsome ; I could see that even iu the dim light. Two brilliant eyes shone out of a thin face with a complexion transparent to delicacy. In the same glance an explanation of his con cealment here occurred to me. Apparently by some error he had donned fancy dress. I could distinguish the long brocaded vest and velvet knee-breeches, the lace frills, and satin coat of the early eighteenth century. The costume was a thousand times more becoming than the ordinary study in black and white. Still, I could well understand the man's bashfulness and hatred of singularity. As I reached him he spoke and bowed. 'Pardon me, madam, I did not think to be discovered here.' His words came slowly and with hesita tion. At once I set him down as a foreigner. ' Nor did I expect to find anyone ! Gentlemen are wanted in the ball-room ; aren't you going down ?' ' Madam, I think not.' ' Oh, that's a pity.' I spoke for the sake of speaking, he was gazing so intently into my face. Then I took another step towards my room, but I was not yet to reach it. ' And you, too, Madam, are a deserter f he asked. ' Well, yes,' I acknowledged, and paused. Then I turned again away. ' What, so hasty ? Ah, dear madam, will you not a little while bear me company ?' I looked at him before replying.. He was certainly extremely handsome, and there was a plaintive strain in his low refined voice that attracted me wonderfully. He seemed unable to take his eyes off my face. Since I liked him, what matter that we had not been introduced ! I smiled as I slowly ' All right ; I don't mind. W® may as well sit down on the stair in the approved fashion. There's one advantage in this remote spot, no one's likely to want to get above us !' I seated myself while speaking, and looked for him to take; his place beside me, but he wasn't having; any. 'Madam, I crave your forgiveness if I stand.' I looked up and laughed. A nice masher, I thought to myself. 'As you choose, of course. But it is awfully embarrassing — worse than in the drawing-room. You tower above me like a guardian angel,' I said. : He smiled, but not sweetly. On the con trary there was a grimness in the expression at that moment that perplexed me. The smile faded, and I was glad. 'It's sinful not to join the danccrs,' I babbled out. ' That you've put on fancy dress is no excuse. Everyone will see at a glance that you got mixed between this and the Heatons' of next Thursday. Wasn't that the mistake ?' ' Yes,' he said, and smiled again. ' Well, then, is that your only : reason for hiding up here ?' 'Not altogether. These many, many years I have not lived in England, and your manner of talking is difficult to me.' ' Ah, 1 fancied you wore a foreigner. But what does that signify ? . Pepple will find you so much tho more interesting. And you speak excellent English, I assure you.' ' Madam, it is because in your society I feel at ease. He were a sorry fool who would break away from it. Do you desire a ball-room? As for me, I am happier here. Happier reading in1 your ? face the faith and goodness which I seek and seldom find.' . My cheeks burned. Curiosity and sym pathy blended with my bashfulness; As a rulel flatter myself on being eloquent in small talk, but on this occasion words did not flow. . My companion continued — . ' Did you but know how I worship faith and goodness, nay, adorb them— it— you 1 Alas, madam, which should I say ? Until this moment he had sounded far less uncertain of his language than at first, and had he not now added the question, hu deep, emphatio earnestness would nave maue me nervous aud uncomfortable. Oh, certainly ' them,' I rojoined, stealing another glance at his face. Tho lustuous eyes wero still bunt upon mo, his skin ap peared paler and clearer than ever. How could I feel offended with what a man said who looked so ill and seemed so lonely ? ' 'Are you staying near here?' I asked quickly, to turn the conversation. ' Yes, and yet again, no. My place of abode is not in this vicinity. And my time is not at my own disposal. But what I can I spend in this houso, for it is home-like to me. I am, as one might say, a relative of the Merritts. _ But I do not know them well j it is with other members of the family I have been more familiar, for of late I have visited them little,' ho added, with a sigh. A bitter draught from somewhere caught my bare neck and arms. I shivered slightly, and it rominded me of a fresh subject. ' Wintor seems to be setting in. I expect you find our climate misorable.' ' On the contrary, madam, I find it agree ably refreshing. It is a change — a great change from the temperature of my — ah, my home. That, I may say, errs on the side of excessive warmth.' ' Whereabouts is it? I daresay I should enjoy it. I always fancy I should love the Equator.' He started visibly, and an expression I could not read passed over his face. Had he foisted some hidden meaning upon my words ? I could have bitten off my silly tongue. I hurried madly cn lest he should speak. ? ' But no doubt it is trying ; you look rather delicate.' 'I suffer some pain, but thore is no disease. And it will not kill me. I am further from dying than I ever was.' He spoke with extraordinary confidence. If with truth his looks belied him. Still, I had heard of the quenchless hopo of a phthisical patient and could not feel happy. ' You havo been examined by a doctor ?' ' To be candid, madam, I doubt the ability of tho faculty to do so. You think I am in a consumption? Not so. I may rather perhaps be compared to a certain famous Burning Bush. Ha, ha ! But 1 thank you for your gentle anxiety. It is very sweet to me.' His laugh had tho strangest effect ; it made rns tremble. The tenderness of tho words that followed only partially reassured me. ' I think I ought to go down again now ; it's hardly fair to one's partners to hide here.' ' Ah, no, no, no !' he cried in the low, vehement tone he had used before. ' Stay, madam, I implore — I beseech you ! Must I say more? If you could but know how much, how very much, I want you to. stay. Believe me, I need you. Do I appear to mock when I swear you are more to me than all the world beside ? Is there not a subtle affinity between us ? Was I deceived when I fancied the electrical thrill which throbbed through my being at the sight of you met with a response in your own soul ? Speak, my goddess, speak, I entreat you 1 Tell me I am right.' The concentrated passion in his voico awed me ; the suddenness of the appeal staggered and confused me. But my common sense revolted. What did I know of him, or he of me ? Not so much as the name. It was rash, wildly imprudent. HE WAS A STRANGER, ltOWBVKR, AND I PREPARED TO WALK COOLLY PAST HIM. And yet — and yet 1 He was right. I had felt the subtle affinity of which he spoke. It was absurd, ridiculous ! Nevertheless, down in my heart .of hearts I knew I already loved him. His words were unutterably frecious to me. But I dared not to agree. could not contradict. So I kept silence. I let him murmur on the broken, ardent sentences that made my heart beat high and my face glow with a proud shame. Yes, we had loved each other at first sight. ' Preposterous !' cried common sense. ' I know it,' replied my laughing heart. 'Mad fool!' said common sense. 'But happy fool,' rejoined my heart. And throughout that hour this strange, new-found lover of mine did .not offer so much as to touch my hand. Had he done so I would not have resisted, but I loved him all the better for the self-control under lying this abstinence. We talked no moro of climate and people. I don't think we talked much at all. But the time slid by, and I only know I was beside him who had suddenly become closer, dearer to me than ever man before or since. Sudden ? Oh, yes ; it was very sudden. What of that ? Am I the firet ? * # ? ? ? All this time the dance was proceeding. The supper passed unheeded by two people at least, who were sublimely oblivious of such worldly concerns. Who wants supper that has the sweetest thoughts, and looks, and toneB, to feed upon ? At length the rustling of many dresses and tho high chirr of many . women's voices came up to us, and once, more time forced itself upon my consciousness. - '??? ' The dance must be over,' I cried. ' Guy, dear' (we had got so far), 'I dare not answer you at once. ' You say you are spending the night here; so am I. Only wait till to- morrow morning for a definite reply. . . Yes, I do care for you, but the question is so great — so vital. You must let me think alone. Leave me I I am not asking muoh. Give me a few hours in which to realise my own feelings. Good Bight, dear Guy.' . : 'And 'good night to yon, «y heart* queen I' And he had gone, with never a kiss or a hand-press. Trembling, dazed, but withal blissful, I hurried down, to hear Evelyn asking every where what had become of me. Sho flow at me when I appeared. ' Oh, you sly puss ! You've been sitting out with a vengeance ! Now, it's no use fibbing to mo, for your blushes will own it as fast as you deny it. It's positively shock ing, but if you have managed to enjoy yourself, that's tho chief thing. Nearly all the folk have gone ; as soon as we have packed off the last we'll away to by-by. Hasn't it been successful ? Every one is congratulating us. And though it's I says it as shouldn't, tho ices were really cold, and the soup was really hot !' CHAPTER II. ^ I walked upstairs with my arm linked in Evelyn's, trying, but failing, to listen to her gay gossip. My head was in a whirl. What was real? What was imaginary? Where and who was Guy? If Evelyn would but cease hor prattle and speak of him'! Had nobody missed him ? Was ho of so littlo uccount ? I felt indignant on his behalf yet I would not mention nim. _ ' . . . and to my knowledge she gave him six dances. No wonder poor old Jim was green !' Wo had reached my room and Evelyn had thrown herself down into an easy chair. I dropped into an opposite one. ' It s too abominably late to stop up,' sho announced, laughing. 'I think we've quizzed overyono now. But, I say, you naughty girl ? ' I interrupted her. I knew what was coming, and I didn't want it. I desired that sho should name Guy herself, and I tried to force it. ' Did^all whom you expected turn up, Evelyn ?' ' I es. At least I didn't miss anybody.' Then Guy must have seen Evelyn and excused himself to her. But why did she not mention him ? Could it be — oh, could it — that sho, too, cared for him ? I had fancicd hor heart was set on another man, but there's no reckoning on girls. Whero they are most secret the danger lies. Evelyn chattered on, and I dimly heard of someone looking 'perfectly sweet' in a ravishing eau-de-nil brocade. Then she abruptly exclaimed — ' But you haven't given me a report of your evening. Who lmd the nerve to monopolise three- fourths of it ?' ' Never you mind ! ' It's seky,' as the children say. But I've enjoyed myself hugely.' ' How mysterious we are ! I must un earth it somehow. Glad you've had a good time ! Sleop well.' And with a butterfly kiss and a merry laugh Evelyn vanished. She left me no wiser concerning Guy. But after all, why should I want to know more than that he loved me ? The business side ? Bother the business ! If I am near thirty, my faith and sentiment are not extinct. I was ready to chance tho business side. He was honourable. I would have Btaked my life on that ; and nothing else mattered. I was not penniless, nor, I folt sure, was he. , Yes, I was happy and content — too happy ito sleep. I was ready for bed, had blown my candle out, and had combed my hair in the fitful fire-light for a full half hour. Nothing was left in the grate but a layer of glowing cinders. I fidgeted them about with the ' curate ' poker, as I went over and ovor in my mind my too brief conversation with Guy. ' A good night to you, my heart's queen 1' How sweetly those parting words rang in my head. ' Yes, Guy,' I murmured, ' this is indeed a good night to me.' How silly ! Those two embers were not really like Guy's brilliant eyes, but they had conjured up that pale and striking face before me with wonderful vividness. What a face it was ! His smile only had jarred upon me as not beautiful, and I declare it held a fascination in its bitterness. Doubt less ho had gone through fiery trouble, of which I should hear, and it had left its trace. My poor Guy ! A cinder dropped on to the hearth^ and died. I shivered involuntarily, and stirred the coals afresh. But the poker seemed only to kill the fire now, and I laid it aside. I started. Somebody had entered the room. I felt rather than heard that I was no longer alone. It was with a feoling akin to terror that I turned round, though I know not what I expected. Close beside me stood Guy ! He was still, I could faintly perceive, in the ruffles and brocade of a Georgian gallant. My heart leaped into my throat. In the dull red gloom his face stood out in ghastly pallor. What did he mean by this ? His conduct waa exceedingly wrong, and I must show him that I thought it so. . In trembling amazement I arose, blushing painfully. ' Leave this room at once,' I commanded ; ' you have no business whatever to come here, and you must be aware of it. Had I conceived it possible ? ' ' Ah, but you did not know me, aeraphio one. I forgive you ere you ask it. Come, seat yourself and talk with me again as you did erstwhile. How could I absent myself Com you when I love ? ' With an effort I had regarded my speech. ' Go Mis (Moment, sir I It it outrageous. Must T ring itsbeaf The bellrope hung by the bedside. I advanced towards it. His figure moved between me and the fire. AND THROUGH IT I SAW THE RED COALS ! All in an instant I realised that it was no man. With a convulsion of horror I clutched the bellpull in my shaking hand. But It was before me. I saw the long white fingers touch tho ropo abovo my head as if It, too, would ring. Immediately the cord broke, and I found but the end and tassel in my grasp. I fell back with an attempt to shriek, but for a minute two gloaming orbs seemed to paralyse me. 1 What a misfortuno ! We cannot sound an alarm. But at least let us make the best of it.' I rushed to the door with a screaming sob. But that terrible hand had rested on the handle before I could reach it. It was instantly withdrawn, but when I touched the knob it tumbled on the floor. Shuddering and helpless I sank to the ground. The figure stood over me, and I believed my last hour had come. Could it be that 1 had loved this loathly thing ? In exceeding terror and hatred I sought to cover my face with my handR. And I could not. Thoso glittering eyes were burning their way into my soul. And thoy held mo. Slowly the figure bent down oyer me. I could not stir a finger. .Then it' kissed me on the lips ; and it was as if a red-hot. iron were pressed upon them — or an icicle, I know not which. I propared to die. In capable of utterance, with a final mighty effort I traccd with my finger the Sign of tho Cross. There was a hellish groan, indescribable in the intensity of its horror. That was all. . . The awful It had gone, and I was alone — a prisoner. A dizziness seized mo and I all but fainted. Then slowly, silently, the door Bwung open on its own accord. Fresh terror spurred mo to action, and lent mo strength and speed. . I fled from' tho room and along tho dark deserted passages, not knowing whither 1 went. Suddenly I ran up against a belated maid servant with a candle. Before she could go into hysterics I inquired sharply for Evelyn's room. She pointed it out to 1110. I burst in. Evelyn was asleep. I flung myself beside her and clung to her, sobbing and crying like a child. It was a long while before I was able to tell her in broken snatches what I had gono through. She wrapped her arms around me, kissed me, and held me tight. But she said not a word. A horrid dread flashed across me. ' Evelyn, say you believe mo. If you think mo mad, I shall become so — or die.' ' My poor darling, believe you ? Of course I do. Have I not reason to ?' she muttered under licr breath. I sprang up. ' Why, Evelyn, have you Been him — It ? Who — what is he ? If you love me, tell me everything.' ' Will you not wait until to-morrow ?' ' Oh, no, no. Tell 1110 now. I feel I must know all. Sleep? I think I shall never sleep again. Only keep tight hold of me. Thank heaven you are flesh and blood, Evelyn !' There was silence for a minute. Then she spoke, slowly but steadily. ' It is tho ghost of Guy Merritt. I have 1 never seen him, but others have. Thoy say I he is tho curse of our family, but of late the appearances have been so rare that the tale bid fair to become a more legend. He iB an ancestor of ours who lived in George I.'s reign, and was so bad a man folk called him ' The Devil's Squire.' ' ' How do you mean ? A murderer ? A robber?' ' Yes, for he robbed girls' souls of faith and slew thoir purity. He left behind him many a shamotul monument. Whon only thirty he died in the midst of his debauchery. Tradition says he possessed a strange, irre sistible fascination ? ' . I clutched Evelyn tighter, and my teoth chattered as she said these words. Noticing it, she hastened on — ' Well, that is all. With his dying breath he boasted of his impenitence, and passed away claiming tho devil as his liege lord. Since that day his wicked spirit, clothed as of old, has from timo to time haunted this houso, as if seeking — 0I1, my dear I — to drag others after him,' Slowly the daylight crept in, and found us quivering in ' each other's grasp — I, haggard and deathlike, with a largo white blister upon my lip. This, a door knob, and a yard of bellrope, wero the sole traces of my hellish visitant. But the horror of that awful night is upon me still. 