HE WAS JOKING." ' "Yes, my dear," said Mrs. Goodhart, as she handed her husband his cup of coffee across the breakfast table, " I realisoetint. we simply must economise, and I'm iill ua' to do my part. I've thought of one way Jif economising already." "How is tlhat?" asked Mr. Goodhart. \ "Well, I'll tell you. I have a good sew ing machine and plenty of time, and if you'll select the cloth, I'll cut out and make that new pair of trouser. you want my own self and save-why, Henry Goodhart, what is the matter with you? Mercy! The man is going into a fit. Here, Jane, bring some water. Go for the doctor, somebody! Help me to support him and keep him from fall ing out of his chair. What can the matter be? It looks like apoplexy. There! He breathes easier and has opened his eyes. Now, Henry, dear, what is it?" " Nothing, my dear, nothing; only a sud den faintness. I'll get over it in a few minutes, and I-I- was only joking when I said that we had to begin economising somewhere, only joking, my dear." .t. A New York girl has just enjoyed the triumph of having the biggest wedding given in that city for years. She whispered around that the man she was to marry had a red-headed wife somewhere, who most likely would be on hand to interrupt the ceremony. The church was crowded. at. A woman advertising for a husband, wants him not only to he "strictly religious," but of " good character." "t. At Niagara,during the Honeymoon.-She: Why do you look so unhappy, George ? Don't you know that we are one now ? George: Yes, darling, I know that; but judging from the hotel bill I've just had handed me, the mafiager of the Cataract doesn't seem to think so. " You are Mr. Quezeen, the husbandof the celebrated lecturess on cookery, are you not ?" "Yes, sir," replied the dejected, hollow eyed man, " I am the man she tries her new dishes on."' e·) " You went out too soon,"said awife to her husband at a recent concert; " Patti re sponed to a third encore, and sang" Coming Tlhro' the Rye.' It was simply divine. I fairly drank it in." " So did I," he answered softly, with a slight suspicion of a hiccough, " and I can taste it yet." tgo Little Sister (angrily): Now, you do what I say. Little Brother : I won't. "You won't, eh? Oh, don't I wish we was grown up and you was my husband." ·), A man who foolishly entered upon a ver bal contest with his wife, was met, as he was retiring from the scene, by his little son, 4luho had just begun to study grammar. " Papa," said the child, " what, part of speech is woman ?" Towwhich the father replied, " She is not any part of speech at all, Georgy-she's the whole of it." You may say what you please about it, but there is somie luck in horse-shoes. A woman nailed up one against the wood: shed a month ago, and last week her husband eloped with the hired girl. The man had not earned a cent. for more than two years. 't. Mrs. Strongibind : Jared, what does the messenger want ?. - Husband of 'Mrs. 'Strongiiind : It's the tailor's young man, my dear. e He has brought the bills for-"for our bloomers. .C. 3Mr. Grumps : You'll have to discharge that cook. Mrs. Grumps : You liked her at first. Mir. Grumps : Yes, but she's getting into your way of cooking. Wife: There comes that tramp I gave.somo of my:biscuits to the other day. Husbhand : Impossible " that?imust be his ghost. The Bride :)Did you !marry me for my. money ? - The Bridegroom (frankly) :Yes. .: The Bride (anxiously) : Did you get any ?,. Mires Jimpson : Don t you think,: Mr. Jimpson, it would be a great benefit to our daughter if she were to. finish her singing lessons abroad ? ;Mr. Jimpson : Give -it up,' but I know it it would he a great relief torme. Husband (at hire*kfst): I had an awful dream last night, dear. Wife: What was it, John? Husband: I dreamel that your mother was out riding, and the horses ran awaiy. Just as they approached a frightful preci pice, with a sheer declivity of 500 feet- Wife (palefaced): Oh,John,that was awful. IHusband: I woke up and found it all a dream. It was simply terrible. Colonel Yerger : Why is it that the ladies of the congregation always present the pas tar with embroidered slippers and suspen ders ? 3r,. Yerger : lThe slsledere ;Ire to keep iup hits trousers so that the tembroidered slippers can he oseen. Iundelr: Do you really refutse to forgive me? Spin-ter: No. I shan't forgive you, not even if I live to be 100 years old. He: Dearme. How cruel What clhanle have I of living eighty yeamr.s longer? She: Well, perhaps I can forgive you after alL 