THE NO V ELIST. [CorvRITnr.] TALM UD; A Strange Narrative of Cen tral Australia. FOUNDED ON NATURAL FACTS, BY IVAN DEXTER.' CHAPTER XXII.-(coNTiNUEDo.) "Now that I was getting familiar with their faces I did not liave the same repellant or repuignanit feelings towards :hem. When I sat' downi they blegan :o converse in a language which was even more strange and unfamiliar to me than themselves. " It sounded more like the chatter ing of Hindoos from the Himalayan -lopes than anything else I can compare to it. It was not, of course, possible that I should understand the words, 3ut the gestures which accompanied :hem told me I was the subject of the :onversation. " The bearded man motioned me to ie down, and then his companion pro duced what I rightly took to be food. Placing a small portion of it in his mouth he handed me the remainder. It looked like ground seeds and was :ontained in a shallow vase of what I thought was glass, but which I after wards found was a-beautiful flake- rock crystal. The mixture was 'perfectly white and ground like flour., " I was undoubtedly hungry, and as I ate the food the thought occurred how I could have existed so long suoposing the period was as I believed sitce my wound- without food. The qluantity given me was very large, but I eat the whole of it and felt very much better. " From something resembling a bottle of white glass I took a drink of water, and afterwards the tall man gave me a small fragrant of herb, or rather he Ip!aced it close to my nose, and as I in haled the scent it had a somnolent ef fect. As I dropped off to sleep my visitors departed. " When I awoke the first man whom I had seen was standing beside me, and he conimenced talking in the same strange language which I had previously heard. He several times pointed to wards the spot whence he and his' com panion used to enter and depart. I cathered from his actions that he was inviting me to accompany him, and sitting up on-the couch- I-signified-my willi,,gness to do so. "I felt perfectly strong now, and was indeed glad of a little exercise. Lead ing the way like a ghost 1 saw that at tihe side my visitors entered and de patted there was a small exit. It was s- arranged that it could not be no ti.:ed until mostly on it. From this a 'umber of huge steps led downwards. There must have been nearly one. hun dred, and when the bottom was reached an immense space stretched out. " A dull light penetrated the place, though how or where it came from I did not at the time know. It seemed to me that we must have gone about four miles through winding passages and vaulted caverns sometimes down wards and as frequently ascending, when ahliust without warning save for a queer noise I heard:we came on the shores of a-great-subterranearn- sea. - I was utterly astounded at the extraordinary sight. Thewaters- sparkled-atmost- asif-the sun were shining on them, and even to niy unaccustomed eyes vision was easy f6r fully a couple of miles around. "A low jbeach ran round the watery expanse and the sands glittered as the s!ighfwivaes rolled in upon them. As I`afterwards saw, the beach was entirely coismposed of disintegrated granite and the bed of the buried sea was of the same material. The cup of my as tonishment was, however, filled when I nbticed that on the sea were numerous fatitastically shaped canoes-or rather boaits- like Malay proas, or the canoes used by many of the South Sea islan ders. Some of these had one and others two or three occupants, who were clad in a light- fitting brownish -costume;" " When we first saw you," exclaimed Stanley, recovering from his surprise, "you were dressed in the same manner, I think !" "Yes," continued O'Malley, "the garments you saw on me were similar to those I noticed worn by the boatman on the strange sea, for afterwards I spent most of my time-as befitted one brought up to the sea-on the subter ranean ocean, as I called it. "I looked in vain for the opposite shores of the water, but as far as I could see it stretched further still. Walking down on the sands, my guide led the way to the nearest canoe-or rather he accompanied me towards it for I was eager to know what its occu pants were doing on that buried sea. As we reached the water I instinctively filled the palm of my hand with the fluid and tasted it. Guess my surprise to find that it was perfectly fresh." " I can quite understand that. If it were not for some vast underground bodies of fresh water existing on the continent how could we get our artesian supplies," Mills remarked. ""But in these artesian wells the waters rise without being pumped. How do you account for that?" inno cently asked Stanley. " Because the reservoir from which it flows is on a higher level, of course," come the answer. " But how can such a place as O'Mal ley describes be on a higher level than the surrounding country ?" persisted Stanley. "It is quite possible," Mills replied. "The place described may be under neath a high range-or rather midway in the mount-or it may be that such exists on a slope many hundreds of miles away from the central depression of the continent. If so you can under stand what the fall would b., and how a bore sunk at the lower level would overflow if it tapped a stream which had'its source at the highl level further I hack the slope." "Another proof of these subterranean resh-water lakes is the fact that in some of the few artesian wells yet sunk small fish have come to the surface of a species never before seen. They have been nearly white in colour and almost blind. When exposed to the action of I the sun they have changed colour like a chameleon," Strangway added. " I have seen that with my own eyes," the squatter emphatically added. " When I put-down the well in the horse paddock at least half-a-dozen such fish came to the surface. They were per fectly blind, so far as we could see, but that would be accounted for uy the pro bability that the narrow channel from which they travelled from the main re servoir would be quite dark. There are a couple of them over there," he continued, pointing to two dried pisca torial specimens on the mantle-piece. ' We had them preserved." "That brings me to a remarkable point in my narrative, and which I will detail to-morrbw," concluded O'Malley. CHAPTER XXIIL SUBTERRANEAN FISHERMEN. "Can you not continue your wonder ful story this morning ?" Squatter Mills asked O'Malley at breakfast. "We are so anixious to heir it that' we can scarcely wait until evening," he 'added, with a laugh. "Yes, do," Mrs. Mills "pleaded. " "Of course 'I 'will; bdt' our two friends are not"heie y''," thd n'arrator said. S"We will get them in: a few' mo ments," Mill replied,'hs' He wint' out of the room for Stanley a'id Sti'angw;ay. When he' returned with them they found O'Malley examining the fish which had come from the artesian well.' "I think," he ?added, la\\.ying them down, "that I have seen sin,lar fishto these in the buried sea I spoke about last night. They are trout-sh'aped, though more elongated, but the ones I saw were not blind. "When, as I told- you, I saw the people in the canmoes -I'wasddoubly as tonished. First the surprise of seeing over a hundred human beitigs pale as my guide on the water in boats was al most overwhelming, and would 'pro bably have been quite so had itnot been for 'previously seeing the two pale beings in my sick chamber, as I-' may call it "The next surprise-Igot was to'find these men'were-like Peter and James of holy memory-fishermen. As -I e?.gerlywatched thebbat nearestme_I saw that 'whilst some of them had nets others used small reeds like 'spears, and the place semed to teami with fish. Some were of a reddish-brown colour, but the greater part were ihite. I 'signified my desire to seeosiome of them at closer quarters to my guide, and he, making a s :nal to one of the boats, it came to , -e glittering strand. The occupants were two'men not 'un like my guide, in.. .ulch as' they were clean shaved; but, as I have already said, their dress was somewhat different They looked keenly at' me with' their 'dark pink eyes, but certainly did not evince hailf as' mtch curiosity at my ap pearance as I did'at theirs. They were almost as phlegmatic and fateful as an HIndoo or an American Indian. "Stepping into the boat, which would have comfortably held half-a-dozen adults, the two men paddled out to the spot they had just left and again re -sumed their occupation: --As I-looked over the side of the small craft I could see dimly a fish occasionally swim by, but those in the boat with keener sight invariably speared them in the most dexterous fashion. Quite a num ber of fish lay in the bottom of the canoe. None of them were iarge, though some shaped like a salmon trout could not have been less than 18 inches in length. "As I became accustomed to the sight I looked upward almost expect ing that I would see the sun's rays streaming down, but that did not meet my vision. I could, however, not fail to notice that in a hundred directions there was what might be called reflected light, which to some extent illumined the seascape. " I knew sufficient of the rudiments of optics to understand that in the first instance that light must have come from the sun, but how it was conveyed ana alstrIDUtea was long a mystery to me. Furthermore, I began to realise that the mysterious place I was in was almost as well ventilated as though it were on the surface of the earth. This was another riddle to me. Then how did these fish obtain their food? I picked up one from the bottom of the boat and carefully examined it. I f;und that it was in excellent condition, and later on when I partook of some it proved most delicate and palatable. "Not understanding the language of the subterranean residents I was, of course, at a great disadvantage, as I could not make inquiries, but later on it was all made plain. "Presently I heard a babble of sound about me, and I saw on turning my head that the fishers were all making for the beach or shore. Our boat was also pulled in and the two men pro ceeded to pack the fish into a kind of white rush basket. The scene on the beach at this time was one of great animation, as all the occupants of the canoes were gathering up their spoil and preparing to depart. I asked my guide in English what it all meant and where they were going, but he only stared blankly at me and said some thing in his own tongue which was as unintelligible to me as my questions were to him. " As soon as the crowd had departed -which they did in a direction opposite to that in which we came--my mysteri ous guide went after them and I fol lowed. Walking round the beach for more than a mile a broad passage-or rather high road, if it might be so called -was reached, and we tu:ned into it until we came to another space. 'It seemed to be as large as the sea; which we had just left, in area, but,'unlike tiie latter, there was no water in it On the contrary I at once guessed that- it was the site of a town or village, though no houses or public buildings in the sense we mean were to be seen. Hun dreds of screens of various sober colours were dotted over the space, and in the centre was a large clearing. To this the crowd of fishermen made their way, and with my guide I followed. " In a few moments after our arrival the tall, dignified man with the lengthy beard whom I first saw in the sick cham ber made his appearance, and I noticed that he was treated by all with respect ful reverence. From out the screens a large number of people gathered, and amongst them were women and chil dren. The latter were quite nude but the females were almost as closely robed and veiled as the female followers of Mahomet. This was another sur prise to me, for it was becoming evi dent that I had fallen in with a race whiter than the Caucasian yet with Oriental customs. "Placirig the day's haul of fish in the.. square,'the bearded man stood in the centre' silent, whilst in an incredibly short'time the whole of the fish teas dis tributed amongst'the assembled crowd, anrd apparently on some recoghised.: system. - " There was little noise or'c6nfusion, and in less than half-an-hour the fish was distributed anid the crowd dis persed.' Then'theichief--for such even then I tippiosed hini to be-camne to my giuide, and, hftier' a short coiversation, the latter led'nie towards one of the screens I have' tiisntioned, about two hundred yards away. On lifting it I found that it coitained a bed or couch not unlike the one which I had rested on in the sick chaniber ,anid-aiso a curious and beautiful granite table. This consisted of an oval slab and it was" resting on legs ending in tiger's feet. I could not quite understand where these people could have got the original model tromi to sculpture these feet' from, and as my guide silently left meT sat don on the couch and began to theorise a'gain. " In my young days I had read the adventures of Sinbad the Sailor and other"iomances pertaining to the then half-unknowni Orient, and actually be gan to imagine'that by some means I had be'n' transported out of Central Australia and dropped in the land of Maihatmas and Genii "Strange people, it was'currently re ported, lived in the caves of Thibet and in the mountainous gorges of the Southern .Hinialays, and' perhaps a modern Roc or'a Blavatsky spirit hid seized me froni the clutches of the Aus traiihai-rackTafid taken mie off" "Wered you' not :frightened of in jury?" asked MrS. lMills at this junc ture. "I cannot honiestly' say I was. .I don't klnow svhj I' should ribot hae been, but'I'daresa' it-was on account of 'the general manner and bearing of the queer people whom I was imongst."' "I suppose you were the centre of attraction and curiosity by 'the women and children-in the Billingsgate 'mar ket'?"' Mills said; with a laugh. "No; they scarcely took inotice of nme, and then'that was another sign to mny mind of theiastern "origin of the people ' If they stared'at me they must have done so sutrreptitiously, for I did not notice:the'm, and their manner was fuill 'of decorum. "Of c6urse I am narrating my story just as events happened to me. I could easily anticipate by the light of my sub sequentknosledge, if I chobse todo sqo, but it would only spoil the history. "As 1 was thus musing the screen was lifted and my guide entered with some beautifully cooked fish. It' had been stuffed with some of the floury materials I had previously eaten. This was mixed with fragrant-herbs-and-the whole then baked. "I could not understand how this was done, for throughout my rambles I had not noticed the least sign of fire or smoke. I tasted the fish, which I found to be delicious, and as there was a large stone basin of fresh water in the place I made in excellent meal. In addition to the fish there were some flat, biscuit-shaped pieces of ground vegetable matter which tasted not un like potato cake. "When I had eaten the meal I again felt the drowsy languor stealing over me, and a few minutes later I was lying on the bed asleep. The fragrant smelling herb I have already spoken of must have been a powerful soporific, for my slumbers lasted until next day. "I was already able to distinguish night from day, for the latter though not dark was much more twilight-like than when the sun was shining. It was not long, in fact, before I could tell when a cloud passed over the sun, but at first I had to learn all these fine points. '"My guide, as I will call him, ap peared shortly after I awoke (I daresay he had been watching me), and after a breakfast which would have cheered the heart of a vegetarian he led the way out and I followed. Passing through the centre of the town-for such it really was--he went on to the southern boundary of the sea. Turning down a steeply descending passage for about two hundred yards we suddenly emerged into one of the most magnifi cent baths I have ever seen or read of. "An outlet from the buried sea or lake existed a hundred and fifty yards back and a broad cascade of foaming water came tumbling down into a great circular basin apparently formed of the purest white marble. I thought at the time that the basin was a natural for mation, but I afterwards found it was not so-at least to some extent it was, but the marble had been obtained miles away and skilfully built into the na tural depression. From the great basin radiated a nunmber of smaller ones of all shapes and sizes, and the whole pre sented a most beautiful appearance. (TO BE CONTINUED,) 2 IB 