T HE MAGIC CAMEO; OB, I Clifford Faxton'8 Mascot, I BY Mbs G. Shbudoit Aathoress of "The Masked Bridal, "The Little Marplot," &0.) CHAPTER XXXV; immediately after Mr. Heatherford's moral to 1,10 Jjamonti mansion, Mol- ifn resolved to make, one more desper- „Vp effort for liis recovery, and to spare expense to put him under the most nted specialist for diseases of the brain ?,„f rmild bo secured. After making j;ii<rent inquiries sho decided to send for «en_r of New Yorkj to come to Washington, and diagonise her fiber's case. The great man came, but, fter » careful and protracted examina tion pronounced the, verdict fatal, wMcli she so dreaded to hear. Miss Heatlier- ford it pains mo deeply to have to tell you that there is not the slightest ray of hope, as far as I can see," he said, mid then lapsed into a learned descrip tion of the patient's condition, describ- 1 me tip stato of the braih, the. probable progress of the disease, and its inevi table termination, while Mollie felt as if she would herself become distract ed beforo ho concluded bis terrible Oh!" sho cried at last, "then he must jivo on like this indefinitely, crowing gradually more and more help less! Ho is never to know anything more of life, never even give me, his only child, one fond word or _ look of recognition! How can I bear it?" my ucar young iady, it is .hard, 1 know,' said me pnysnwm' Kinaly, and ueepiy toucheu by the leariess grier, and" were 11 in my power to giv£ you the least encouragement, I should be more than glad to do so. i have given you my opinion oi the case as it appears to me/' ne went on after a moment. of deep thought, " but il it would comfort ou any to make one more trial, I will suggest that a noted Paris specialist, WHO is in this country, be called to ex- ? amine Mr. Heathcrlord. There is no | higher in the world that I' know of." Moilio grasped eagerly at this straw nnd the highest auiuority in the world —the great Pans doctor, was sent lor at once. Ho eamc and went ; but ho left be hind luui only bitter disappointment hope, was utterly prostrated ror a time and a sentence of doom.. _ ' Poor Mollie, who had hoped against hope, was utterly prostrated for a time in view of this ultimatum. ' Sho shut herself into her room to meet this terrible blow and fight her battle out whero no eye could witness her anguish. "Oh,! whero is God?" she moaned. " Why does rfc create only to des troy? Can an Omnipotent and loving Father see His children /smitten and turn a deaf car to their entreaties for help? Oh, what a mystery is life! — tho word is but a mockery, lor if life was real— if it were actual existence,, it could not bo subject to death or decay. There is something wrong. -w;ith\ this mortal, material world ; the1 longer 1 lire in it the moro I seem to - become entangled in the. web of these ;perpiex- iug problems— there seems to be no satisiactory solution .to. them. " . She had never been so rebellious in view of hoc iathcr's condition as_ now, when once moro there: .was - abundant means to meet- iheir every want of life.; Tho fate to which he had been doomed by tho verdict of the doctors seemed absolutely unbearable, and she cried aloud in her anguish. She was" nearly worn out With this conflict by lunch time, two hours, and more after the departure .of the Paris authority, and was. only .able to drink s oup of-tea when her maid brought a temptingly arranged tray to her; but sho telt tliat she could not live through the afternoon,: left, alone with her own impious thoughts, and, .finally ringing for Nanette, she. ordered her to make Lucille ready for. a. drive, and half-an- hour later found them rolling out to- nard the. Washington monument. They droro for nearly two 'hours, and then Moilio ordered , tho cbabhman to turn toward home. She was much more calm than when she started out, but still far from being in her usual state of. serenity. As the carriage was passing through Fourteenth-street' something cauglit Mollie's eye — something "which made her sit suddenly erect, while a look of eager interest swept over' her pale, lovely face. The object which had at tracted her attention was a very modest sign hanging in a window. . It read thus : " John L. Freeman, Christian Science Healer," and' into the girl's mind flashed the thought, accom panied by a wild hope, "Perhaps that man can help my father— I have heard that Christian Scientists do wonderful things." Almost before sho was aware of what she was doing, she had ordered the driver to stop, when, taloing Lucille by the hand, she alighted, mounted the steps, and rang the bell of the house where Mr. Freeman resided. Then as the tinkle of the bell' came- to her ears she suddenly' began to feel ashamed of her errand, for sho had al ways been both sceptical and intolerant of all such "metaphysical nonsence," as she had termed it. She was half tempted to beat a. hasty retreat, and perhaps would have done ro if the door had not been opened at that instant by a sweet, happy-looking 0", whoso winning smile at once won her confidence and inspired her with fresh hope, . "Can I gee Mr. Freeman?" sho briefly, uiynred. "I think so; come in, please," replied tho girl, and, turning she led the way mto a pleasant room; where, a gentle man of perhaps forty years was sitting. He aroso and greeted Mollie with easy courtesy, Ms dark eyes searching ner faco with a kind but penetrating 0k, and instantly a strange feeling heart"10 u>011 aching, rebellious Sho took' the chair he offered, her, in r Pcne(l her heart to Mm, tell- ng him all her trouble and sorrow of ner father's long illness, of the. many weary months of anxious care and nopless seeking after help from various ources, and of her last desp ailing tiS an result. j"® 'gentleman did not once interrupt irf"1 unh sat with downcast eyes and ttentiyo mien until sho concluded, « « she tremulously inquired : > yu help him? Is there any fiS'r 0 you tMnk?" hoi. ear ehild, there is every hope," "r . eompanion confidently replied. bubble1" ys a k p n u116 repeated Mollie, with a bit- lionS. on "T bave began to be- there is no God." jjpojSentleman bent a pitiful glance am. sure that you will never say silence1' replied, after a moment afSenJ-le, oslrod her a few questions, talr+x he remarked that he would vieif i. ?lse she desired, and would Xinir t'ler later in the' day. ; resir?.i arose' a peculiar feeling of /"ness and hope having succeeded jrw»f!!lwi?us 'weariness and despair; and shnnij8 . Purse, inquired, what she for Hie consultation. ITobii? J g, ,for our little talk, Miss a i ' sa Afr. Freeman, with « snule; "we are always glad to have people come to us when in trouble. I Scientists, when they take patients, I usually treat them by the week, the | sum being uniform, unless frequent visits are required ; of course, you un- ; derstand that no medicines — no reme dies of . any kind— arc to bo used." He then mentioned the amount for a week's treatment; and wMch seemed to the wondering girl exceedingly paltry; but she paid it, and then went away with that same strange, sweet peace still pervading her. A week passed, and wMle there was | no apparent change in Mr. Heather- . ford's mental condition, he was not l nearly as restless as he had been, and . slept quietly the whole night- through, a | thing he had not done for months. \- The second week he began -to take I more nourishment, and 'to eat as if he relished Ms food. At the end of a month his face began to have some colour, and Eliza declared that he was actually gaining flesh, while now and then they found him looking about the room, vacantly, to be sure, and yet with an air as if dawning -conscious ness was trying to assert itself. Mollie jealously watched every change, and each time that Mr. Free man came she plied him with questions, eagerly seeking to. learn something of the great principle that was governing her dear father's condition. She read with avidity the books which the gentleman loaned her, and which taught her much, and gradually a joy ous hope — an abiding confidence, rather — took possession or her, assuring her that her loved ono would ere long be well again. At the expiration tof two mouths be had once spoken her name, and had begun to try to use his hands to help himself ; and finally there came a day when he actually stood upon Ms feet-, with Eliza's strong afrns around him to support him. " " Bress do Lord ! I tole yo' to trust de Lord, honey," the woman exclaimed, her black face radiaut- with joy on tins happy occasion. | "I know yoirdid, Eliza; and at last I; believe I am beginning to understand, what and where God is," Mollie rever ently replied, her golden lashes laden with tears of joy. . Early iii Slay, when the weather be- gan to bo oppressive, sho closed the" house in Washington' and took her family to the beautiful rilla— one of Lucille' s many possessions— at Cape May, where they remained all summer —five delightful, happy mouths/ for the invalid improved with every day. Utar aiso spent his vacation— the mourn . of August— there, each Morning finding him early ac tnu viila, where he and his fcethrothed vied with cacn otiier-in. making tnc tune pass p.casantiy for Ali% Jdeatiierioru, whiise linhd was last becoming as oioiir anil active as m the. vigorous days oi his youth. Jie was "stili somewhat hampered, physically, as the obstinate enemy, paralysis, had not been wholly, con quered, although it was rapidly dis appearing; but there was not a happier nor more giatoiul family m existence than Aioluos household, all ox whom felt as if the dead" had been restored to life . j Cliff returned to Washington the: first' of September, and a. month later the Lamonti house was once more opened, and the lamiiv settled: for the winter. : Mr. Heatherford- was now practically yell/and " prepared," ho sniu, "to be gin life over -again.'' i Moilio, however, tried to persuade him not to think of business for a long iwhilo yet-; there was no need, sho as serted, for her income was ample for their every want-. But Mr. Heatherford was eager to test Ms recovered powers, particularly as Mr.' Freeman encouraged him to do so, and, having been educated for the bar, he soon made arrangements to go into business with an established firm, one of the partners proving to be ,an old- time friend who knew something ;of the reputation wliioh Air. Heather ford had borne during his more prosper ous days ; and now the future began to look very bright to him once more. ; As the season advanced and distin guished people began , to flock to the j capital, ho met many a former ac quaintance, and thus it came about that both Alollie and her father were gradu ally drawn into society again. When our fair heroine began to ac cept these courtesies and take her place once more in social life, she insisted that her engagement should bo publicly announced, and so, of course, Cliff was always thereafter included in nil invita tions. Cliff was looking forward to a much brighter prospect in life after the first of January than he had dared to antici pate for Mmself thus early in his career, and it was arranged that his marriage should occur as soon as he was well settled in his new enterprise; meantime as lie was beooniing quite a favourite iu sbcial circles, the young couple gave themselves lip to tho enjoyment of the present. One evening at a brilliant reception given by, a distinguished senator, Mr. Heatherford and Alollie unexpectedly encountered Air. and Airs. Temple and Philip Wentworth, the family having oome to Washington again for tho win ter. Mr. Temple had again becomo in terested in politics during the last year or. two, and had been elected a member of the House of Representatives and was ambitious for still higher honours. The meeting between Air. Heather ford and Mr. Temple was somewhat startling to both gentlemen, especially so to the latter, since he believed the former to bo still a hopeless paralytic, if, indeed, he were yet on tho earth. Tho ran against each other in the great liall of the mansion, whero they were guests. "I beg pardon, sir," Air. Heatherford began/ with his old-tixno oourtcsy ; then observing whom ho had encountered, he added, as a slight smile of contempt flitted over his face:. "Ah! Templo; so wo meet again!" , "Aly God.!— Heatherford!" gasped tho toan who had soi bitterly wronged him under tho guiso of friendship; and ho was colourless even tq his lips. # " Yes ; yon wore not expecting to meet me againf-here," roturued Air.. Heatherford, with a slight emphasis on tho adverb. "It — it is a niiracle. Who was your doctor?" panted the false friend, scarce knowing what he said. " God," briefly but reverently respon ded his companion. Then with a courtly but distant bow, he added: "Excuse me; I am looking for my daughter." He passed on, leaving tbo other still staring blankly, after liim, and actually trembling as if he liad suddenly en countered a drbad ghost of tho past — as, indeed, ho had. Later in the evening. Mollie found herself standing almost side by side with Philip Wentworth. Sho was richly aqd beautifully clad. Her dress was a gauze-like material of black made over a very light gray sarin that gleamed like silver underneath. The trimmings wer© all of silver, and a dia mond spray, with a silver aigrette, gleamed in her hair.. The corsage of her robe was cut mod estly low, and the full puffed sleeves were short, thus revealing her perfect arms and neck, which were like chiseled marble. . .. _i It was a strikingly effective costume, and jiist suited her, for it threw out the fairness of her faultless complexion to great advantage. ' She gave a slight start as slie caught Philip's voice and realised his prixim- ity, bat did' not glance at him. I Sho turned slightly away, and -was about to addresB a lady whom she knew; hut before she could do so, Philip I st?PPed -directly in front of her, deter- miafr that ho would not be ignored. I You have told me never to speak to you again — that wo arc strangers," no began in a low tone that was husky with emotion ; " cannot you forgive and forget ? I have suffered bitterly for my folly of that night— I have repented in sack-cloth and ashes." Hot a muscle of Mollie's face moved during his speech. Sim stood and looked like a statue — beautiful as a young goddess — but cold as snow, and a feeling of bitter re morse — of utter despair crept over him as ho realised how he had lowered him self in her estimation and lost all chance of- ever winning her. Since learning of Air. Lamonti!s will and that Alollie had now an independent fortune, and would once more take an en viable-position iu society, he had cursed himself a thousand times for his past folly. While he was speaking Alollie was wondering how sho could escape him without replying to him and without making herself conspicuous. There was an awkward pause for a mo ment after he concluded.; then Afollie's quick ear caught the voiee of hor hos tess, who was just behind her, remark ing: "No, I have not- .seen Air. Mont- worth since lio first entered the room ; but I am suro he is still, here." Alollie turned gracefully toward the speaker, thus rovealing Philip to her. "You wero inquiring for Air. Went worth, Airs. Blackmail," sho observed with a charming smile. "Behold him just at hand!" /Then, with a bow to the lady, she slipped away, leaving Philip in a white heat of rage and disappointment over having failed to win oven . a glance of recognition from her. CHAPTER XXXVI. myba klubekley makes a discovery. But Alollie escaped Philip only to run almost into tho arms of Mrs. Temple, who also had already arrived at tho. con clusion that tho girl's acquaintance was worth cultivating again. Alollio Heather ford, with a handsome fortune in her own right, was ail entirely different person from the poverty-stricken private secretary of a year' ago. Sho extended her hand with a beam ing suiile, anil greeted her with much of her former maternal fondness. Alollie's quiet "good evening, Airs. Temple." together with the ccrcmouious touch of her finger-tips, was something of a facer; but the shrewd woman of the fiorld was not- one to easily relin quish a project, and she coutiiiued in her most cordial tone: "Really, Alol lie, it seems like old times to meet you iu society again; anil what a romantic experience you have had! I assure you no ono could be . moro delighted than wo were when 'wo learned of your good fortune. Aro you back in "tbo Lamonti house again this season?" . " Yes," Alollio briefly but- politely re plied. "I understand that it is very ele gant — that Air. Lamonti was exceed ingly refined in his tastes, and made his homo a perfect gem," Airs. Tem ple continued, and determined to trap Moilio into asking her to call, if it wero possible. "Yes," tho fair girl again com posedly replied, "Air. Lamonti sparod -no excuse to inako his home attrac tive, and took great pride aud pleas- ; ure in gathering treasures from all parts of the workl to beautify it." "I have been told that many of the paintings are from the hands of the best masters," pursued ber inquisitor. "That is true; there is not a medi ocre picture in the house." "Do you ever entertain as you used to in the old days in New York, Mol lie?" . . ._ "Mro have not as yet; it is quite early in the season, you know," said our heroine, and barely able to sup press a smile as she saw the drift of these questions; "but papa and I wero talking tho matter over recently, and I think we may have a regular recep tion evening later ou." "Ah!" exclaimed Airs. Temple eagerly ; " then you will be well launched upon tho sea of M7ashingtou society; and if at any time you should feel tho need of some ono to matronise your affairs, you will know whero to come, dear," sho concluded, with her mast affablo smile. "Thank, you, Airs. Temple." " And I wish you would drop in upon us occasionally," tho lady went on ap- poalingly, but flushing slightly over the failure of her scheme. "Wo' wero all very fond of you always, Alollio, and Alinuio would be delighted to see her old friend." "Yes, Alinuio and I were close friends; give my love to tho dear child," Alollio replied with more of heartiness than sho had yet expressed. Then, catching sight of Air. Heather ford, sho added: "Excuse mo, but I see papa looking for mo. Good night-, Airs. Tempi#." And with a graceful inclination of her bright bead sho glided away. Airs. Temple's faco was a study as she watched the slight, perfect figure move down tho room. She had becu utterly baffled, and slio was filled with mingled disappointment and mortification. "Mollie is very shrewd, with all her sweetness," sho muttered with a frown ; "sho cau hold her own anywhere, and we have all made ouo grand mistake." " Wal, Squire, I reckon everything is done now to tho turn of tho- key. I'v packed a dozen shirts, and if I do say it-, no Cluing Wang could have put a better shine on 'ein than I've given 'em. Thcro's two dozen pockeb- handkercliicfs, as wMte as snow; col lars and cuffs to last a month, if you're careful; aud everyt-Mng else all in ship shape. Now I'll havo luuck for you in about ten minutes, and that'll give you plenty of time to catcli the train. So spoke Alaria Kimberly, as she. stood in the doorway leading from the kitchen into tho dining room, whero Squire Talford was sitting at his desk filliug out sonio cheques to settle his monthly bills. He was on the point of starting for Washington, whither ho was going on business connected with somo patents in which ho had recently becomo in terested, aud which would keep liim away from homo for about six weeks or twd months. "All right, Alaria. I'ui about through;: but- what are you going to do with yourself whilo I'm gono?" tlio man responded, hut without looking up from liis employment. " Oh, . I'll tako good carc o' things, and I'll find enough to do, never you fear," said the woman, with a peculiar glitter in her eyes. "I hain't cleaned house yet; I've put it off, waitin' for you to git away, so's I could have full swing," sho went on dryly. "I'll see that Fat and tho boy don't do no loaf- in' ; and you needn't give yourself a mite of oneasincss— things'll go on just as straight's if you was goin' to bo here yourself." The squire know this without being told, for Maria was an excellent mana ger, an efficient housekeeper, and, bar ring the fact that slie had a sharp tongue, and waB rather more inde pendent thaii was . sometimes _quitc agreeable,' ho ono could -havo suited him better as a superintendent of affairs, both on the farm and iu the houso. ; As "we 'know, sho had been in his family for many -years, and having been thoroughly trained by his wifein every department ..of . domestic life and economy, whilo being honest nnd faith- ful as the day iB long in the perform ance of every duty, she was entirely competent to assume tho management, as she had done upon Airs. Talford's death, and everything had gone on like clockwork from that day to this. Squire Talford had never manifested any desire to marry again. Maria as serted that he was "too moan" to be willing to increase his expenses in any such way; for, although he always want ed the nicest of everything for himself, he used to grumble over the expense of clothing his wife. He was very proud of Ms fiko estate —Ms handsome mansion and broad, thrifty acres, and kept them iu first- class order; but, while ho wanted every comfort for himself, be had dispensed with some luxuries and style after Airs. Talford's demise, was close and _ mean with his help, and seemed, to tMnk of nothing save accumulating mone3r. "Though goodness knows what'll ever beoomo of it when he's gone, for he hain't a kindred soul to leave it to, as far as I know," Mrs. Kimberly would sometimes remark in a confidential man ner to her friends. "Yes, I reckon I can trust you to keep a sharp eye out while I'm gone," the squire returned to Maria's observa tion, " though I'm not so sure about the loafing — you re a little inclined to be too soft-hearted with the boys. I want to find that pile of wood all sawed, split and housed when I ge£ back." Alaria sniffed audibly as she glanced through a window at the pile of wood referred "to, and wliich comprised a good many cords of solid timber, aud sho had no idea of pusMng " the boys " beyond a certain limit. " WaJ, maybe you will, and maybe yoii won't-," sho returned, after a moment, with .»n independent toss of her head. "It'll depend a good deal on what kind o' weather wo have. . I suppose you know," sho continued, with a sudden softening of her -face and tone, "that Cliff is m Washington. I hear lio's got a fine position, too. Do you imagine you'll l'eel any interest to look him-j up?" "Not tho slightest, Alaria," returned Squire Talford, in a cold touc, aud with a sudden stiffening of his angular figure. " Clifford Faxtou is nothing to me, and I shall not concern myself in the least to learn anything about Ms move ments." "Oh!" returned his companion, with a peculiar inflection, while she screwed her lips into a resentful pucker, "I didn't kuew but you'd feel a kind o' curiosity to find out if he's workin' Ms way along up toward the top o' the heap in M'ashington, same's he did at eol- lego. You know, you didn't prophecy anything very flatterin' to him when ho started out for himself, but lie got thero all the same." The squire flushed hotly at this re minder. " I tlihik you'd better hurry up lunch, Alaria," was all the reply1 he 'deigned her, and tho woman vanished, but chuakling to herself as she went: "He pretends ho ain't curious, but- ho is, all tho same, and I'd be willin' to bot my. new black silk — which I hain't Had ou sinco that day at Cambridge ; I'm goin' to keep it for Cliff's weddiu' — that ho will find out about the boy," sho muttered to herself while dishing up tho tempting meal wMcli she had prepared for the master of the house. Au hour later Squire Talford was en route for New York, and Maria was left mistress of tho field. Early next morning sho vigorously set about preparations for tho semi-annual house-cleaning, although to all appear ance the mansion was immaculate from garret to cellar. Nevertheless, twice every year every room was religiously upset, cleaned and renovated. Sho invariably began in the attic and went down in the most methodical man ner, just as hetf mistress had done every year of lier married life. Every box, drawer and trunk — ex cepting a couplo which the squire never allowed anyone to touch — had to be overhauled, their contents thoroughly brushed and shaken, for fear of moths; every nook and corner swept and scrub bed, for not a spider or a fly uor a speck' of dust ever escaped Alaria Kim- berly's sharp eyes. For some reason she experienced a greater seusc of freedom to-day thau sho had ever felt before; doubtless it was because of the squire's absence, for there would be no fear of disturbing him with the noise overhead, and having no regular dinner to get, there would be nothing to interrupt operations; thus she experienced an unusual feeling of exhilaration and enjoyment in the work before ber. She always said that the worst was over when sho got through with the attic, and late in tho afternoon when she cast a satisfied glance around the clean, orderly, sweet-smelling - room, every beam and rafter of which had undergone vigorous treatment, a sigh of content escaped her. " You can't put your finger on a speck o' dust > anywhere," she soliloquised, "aud everything is in ship shape. It's a good job done, too, and I'm not sorry it's over." Sho gathered up her brushes, pail and mop and turned to leave the place, when her glauce fell upon a small hair trunk which sho hail dragged out into the hall at the head of the stairs and had- neglected to replace in its accus tomed corner. It was one of those which the squire never allowed to be opened and overhauled. " I s'h'tl jest like to know what's- in tho old thing," Alaria remarked, as she sot down her utensils and picked it up in her strong arms. " It looks's if it had been made in 'tho year one, and it's always locked tigliter'n a drum — good ness! goodness! me!" The latter explosive ejaculations were 'occasioned by an unlucky slip of the antiquated receptacle, then a resound ing crash upon the floor, when the hinges snapped, the cover flew off and a promiscuous assortment of tMngs were scattered in. every direction iii the at tic, which but a moment previous had presented such an orderly appearance. Maria stood for a moment; looking ruefully upon the liavoc sho had made, her arms akimbo, her temper ruffled iu view of the work of gathering up the debris before her. "Wal," sho at length observed with a sigh of resignation, " I guess I'm likoly to find out what was in it after all, though — " _ with a contemptuous sniff — "I don't imagine I'm going to be very much entertained by the opera tion." ' ' Tho trunk had been packed full of papers — deeds, .letters, bills, etc., which had beeii tied up in separate bundles, but which, tbo strings having given way iii force of tho fall, now lav in con fused heaps and irretrievably mixed,, as far as Maria was concerned. She sat down upon the floor and be gan to gather them up,- restoring them in as orderly a manner as possible to the trunk. Among other things she came upon a box which had slid a little to one side of tho heap. _ _ This also had burst open, and its con tents were partially spilled out. Reaching for .it, sho drew it towards her, and was attracted by a pungent odour wliich clung to it. It was made from some swect-smell- ing, fine-grained wood, .and the corners were ornamented, with heavily wrought silver, although the metal was badly tarnished from having lain so long un used. . f There wore numerous letters m it, .some being -addressed in a -lady's deli cate handwriting and' others in a bold, clear, masculine chirography. "Misg Belle Atwood, Maria read from ono of the envelopes addressed in the bold hand. Then she gave a violent start. "Goodness — gracious! how came tins here?" sho ejaculated. "Belle Atwood! Why! that was Cliff's mother's name afore she was married. But I wonder who W. F. T. Wilton was," she con tinued as she closely inspeoted the lady's bSndwriting on another envelope. " I'm siSfre Airs. Fax ton must have writ these .letters, for the writin' looks just like what I've seen in some of Cliff's books that lie told me she gave him. But it beats me to know how these things ever got into Squire Talford's old hair trunk, 'less Airs. Fax toil gave them to him to keep for the boy, 'n if she did he'd oughter had 'em long ago. What's this, I wonder!" " TMs," comprised two pieces of parchment attached to each other by a safety pin. . They wero folded long and narrow, like legal documents, and were also bound about with a narrow blue ribbon. With firmly compressed lips and a flushed face, Alaria sat regarding them intently and as if deliberating a point within herself for a few moments. " I'm going to know," she said at last, in tones- of stern decision, and; suiting the action 'to tho words, she deliberately removed the ribbon and pin, unfolded one of the papers and began to read it with eager interest. Every bit of colour faded out of her face by tlio time sho reached the bot tom of the sheet, and with staring eyes and bated breath/ she seized its muto and proceeded to read that. "Goodness," she ejaculated at length. " Now I understand some tilings that have always puzzled me afore ! So, this is Belle Atwood's marriage bill, and this tells about Cliff's baptism? And Faxton isn't Ms last name, either!" she went on with a gasp of excitement. "It is — he is — why, Good Lord!— now I kiiow why Squire Talford has always hated Mm so, though I never did tako" much stock iu that story I heard when I first came here — that ho was in love with her once, and she jilted him for some one else." Sho sat thinking deeply for some time, a look of perplexity ou her plain, honest face. "There's some things I can't quite see through, after all," sho resumed after a. .time; " if f what I suspect is true — and there ain't much doubt about it — why ou earth did Airs. Faxton ever bind that boy to the squire? Alia! a- flash of intelligence sweeping over her face. "I begin to see — it- was- all a trick of his. He is not a man that ever forgives a wrong — he hated her and the boy's father and tho boy himself, be cause of what they'd done. He meant to crush 'em all, and so lie pretended to befriend Airs. Faxton — wormed him self into her confidence, so got her to sign them bond papers, and then, when she died; stole this bpx so the boy could never find out who ho really is. I re member now that slie sent lor him the night she died. I'll bet lie stole those papers at .that time. Oil! he's a tricky oiie, Squire Talford is,". Maria inter posed, her eyes flashing with indigna tion. . "He thought he'd fixed things so that nobod/ il ever, find out the truth; but its a long lane .that hasn't any turn in it, and I'm goin' to prove it to you, yon miserly, ' grey-headed, hard-hearted old rascal!" And Airs. Kimberly emphasised her words by angrily shaking the papers in her hand at tho demolished old trunk, in lien of the man himself, until they rattled noisily. (To bo continued.) 