!oted. Miss Beatrice Day, who appeared here with Miss Pattie Brown during her last visit to Melbourne, has been engaged by Mr. Frank de Jong as leading lady for * his South * * African tour. , Miss Billie Barlow is accompanied during her Australian season by her husband (Mr. Stuart) and son, a smart-looking young fellow of about fifteen. All three are enthusiastic cyclists. The new musical comedy, "The Casino Girl," book and lyrics by 'Harry B. Smith, music by Ludwig Englander, has caught on tremendously at the Shaftesbury Theatre, London. W * * Mr. Carden Wilson is to be congratulated on iiis music. We were rather annoyed by his overwhelming, inarticulate emotion over Trilby's troubles, but can forgive much to one who can play as he does. There is absolutely ho truth in the report that Mrs. Browne Potter will, in conjunction with Mrs. Bernard Beere, shortly take on tour in the; English provinces a combination; to be known as the "Potter-Beere Company" 1 "The Land of the Living," with its great fire scene, which will be staged at the Theatre Roval next Saturday evening, is an old friend, last produced with considerable success at the old Alexandra nearly ten years ago. Mr. Charles Kenningliam will appear as a guardsman when "Florodora" is staged at Her Majesty's, Sydney. The popular tenor will interpolate a song of his own composition, "Men of the English Guards." It is highly probable that Mr. Forbes Robertson and Mrs." Patrick Campbell will visit Australia in the near future. They are reported to have, an emissary here already canvassing their prospects. . New Zealand is occupying the attention of many of our variety artists, for things are booming in the island colony. Miss Alice Layton (soprano) hied thither last week; likewise, Dave Gardener, the weltjknown comedian—each under engagement to * Mr. '» Dix, * After a short English provincial tour with "Forget-me-not," Mr. Julius Knight is once more "resting" in London, from which we may assume that English, aiidiences have resisted his appeal for remembrance and have forgotten him. By the way, Miss Ada Ferrar has received a long engagement from Mr. John Hare. : Scherek's orchestral concerts are off altogether, more's the pity. An enjoyable programme is daily gone through by the orchestra under direction, of Mr. C. G. Mcintosh, at the Children's Hospital Carnival. * * * "Florodora," composed by Leslie Stuart (of "Soldiers of the Queen" fame), which has boon drawing crowded houses at the London Lyric Theatre for more than twelve months, will succeed "The Rose of Persia" at Her Majesty's, Sydney, next Saturday night. * * * The few posters at the Cafe Chantant, at the Exhibition Bazaar, seem to liven the bare wall in a small degree. Would it not have been possible to have an exhibition of posters there, after the fashion of those shown in the Cafe Chantant at the Crystal Palace? * * * Mdlle. Antoinette Trebelli, writing from Canada, says that she has adopted the name of .Mdlle. Dolores, by which in future she will be known. She added that her American tour had been a tremendous success, and that she was looking forward with pleasure to another visit to Australia. Miss Edith Berry, the daughter of j'aift?' in spite of flattering little notices i-'brotlicrin-law "Oriel," of the "Argus," faitet~^o cause,-c sensation when with Nance O'Neil® oampt^y ^t Her Majesty's. Miss Berry was by circumstances to confine her talent to vs^rvant" _or "maid" parts (except in "Tess"), but by Miss O'Neil with the position of amtfUuGitow to that lady. Sydney shows for next Week:—Charles Arnold with "What Happened to Jones,*"' at the Palace Theatre; Bland Holt with "How London Lives," the Royal; "Florodora," by Williamson's Opera Company, at Her Maiegty's; Alfred Dampier's Company in "The Power of Wealth": Harry Rickards' Company at the Tivoli, with Billie Barlow as the star; and Fitzgerald's Circus with a number of new artists. Contrary to anticipation, Miss Ada Winston Weir, Mr. Williamson's imported leading lady at present appearing in "The Rose of Persia" at •Her Majesty's, Sydney, has met with comparatively little unfavourable criticism, her talent as a singer being evidently accepted as a substitute for a knowledge of stage art. Miss Weir is a sister of Miss Mary Weir (Mrs. J. C. Williamson.) Before coming to Australia Mr. Tyrone Power appeared as the Marquis of Steyno in Langdon Mitchell's dramatization of "Vanity Fair," renamed "Becky Sliarpe/' which was produced by Mr6. Minnie Madden Fisko, the famous American actress, at the Fifth Avenue Theatre, Now York, Mrs. Fiske taking the name part. Mr. Power scored a great success. Mr. W. S. Gilbert lias had a lengthy "argument," terminating in law proceedings,. with Miss Janette Steer, over the manner in which she has represented "Pygmalion and Galatea" at the Comedy Theatre, London. Gilbert says the piece should be done according to his own methods'; Miss.Steer persists in staging it according to hers, lience the trouble. Some people call it the "Tyranny of Steers." The latest London "Era'', relates an amusing incident that occurred at Cheltenham, England, when F. R. Benson was- playing "Hamlet" to an audience mainly consisting of young ladies from tlio academies of the town. The actor was iust in the middle of the ghost scene, the lights were lowered, and the excitement was intense. " Suddenly a voice arose from the stage box: "Mr. Benson!" No answer. "Mr. Benson!" Still no answer. "Mr. Benson, would you mind having the lights raised? The young ladies can't see to follow their copies!" * * * Miss Lilian Coomber, Miss Kate Bensberg, and Miss Ethel Cricliton have sailed for Australia as members of Mr. George Musgrove's Operatic Company. Miss Coomber will sing the "roles" of "Elsa," "Marguerite," and '-.'Elizabeth" •during the season, which will be given up to productions of all tlie favourite operas, including "Lohengrin," "Carmen,'' and "Faust." Mi'.,-Max Eugene, late baritone of the Carl Rosa Opera Company, will also be a member of Mr. Miisgrove's, of which Madame Caro Roma, who has sailed from London for Australia, will be "prima donna." ir.^Miu Cyril Keiglitley, who plays the part of "Trilby," will be remembered as Cesare Ijosca," a part which suited him better, for is\" difficult for any man, no matter how syiii- Avlhtteicaljliis proportions, to win the sympathy of the^ijtrtdience with those hideous, though neces- .'saxji #undreary whiskers. His make-up is very 'V ghrtdf'and lie looks exactly like Du Maurier's Tafbeyond that lie is a rather nondescript person, neither offending nor pleasing. Since Sheridan's great play was written, probably no Lady Teazle has Deen wooed by so cold and' phlegmatic a Joseph Surface as Mr. Came depicted when lie and Nance O'Neil played the respective parts in the late production of "A School for Scandal." Joseph's attempt to lead Lady Teazle astray was really, as one of the audience put it, "seductio * * ad * absurdum." Years ago the Censor of plays in Ens-land forbade the acting of the dramatised version of "Oliver Twist," on the ground that it was calculated to incite to crime, but it was allowed for a benefit performance, whence would appear that it is permissible to incite the audience to crime on audi special occasions. When the British public fell into what Macaulay terms "one of its periodical panicB of morality,' the censor felt obliged to forbid the use of the word thigh as indelicate. Holloway's ointment was on one occasion mentioned with levity. This also was forbidden, in "Mr. Holloway was an estimable gentleman, employing thousands of workmen." It was not Allowable to put a bishop on the stage, unless, maybe, a colonial bishop, naturally a person r.f small importance. Photo by^Talma, Sydney and Melbourne. . MISS BILLIE BARLOW, The popular comedienne, who is appearing at the TivoU Theatre, Sydney. Photo'by Talma, Sydney .and Melbourne. MISS FYFIE DENCH, Who took Miss Dorothy Vane's part in " The Rose of Persia," at Her Majesty's Theatre, {-Sydney. Photo by Tulma, Sydney and Melbourne. FERRY, THE HUMAN FROG. At present appearing with Rickardi' Variety Com. pany at the Bijou Theatre, 