??Stamps.' '? 'Stomps,' as he was tailed to Dos serland, was a favourite with criminals and— the police. He had a bright joke and a kindly word for all alike ; no one had ever seen, him cross, or known him do a mean thing. Children nuns- rountf him. listen ine- tn his yarns; the lasses always stopped to banter with him ; while many a night round the doss-honse fire he Vnie the life of the wretched-looking group, as in fluent, picturesque language he told ghost tales and fairy legends of his native County Oare. making the moncbere forget their hunger, their suf ferings, their despair; and when he had money he was royally generous — lie treated everyone he came across. ' Bedad, that fact alone bettirays mot kingly lineage' (Mtke was descended from an ancient Irish sovereign), lie once said to me, half-ruefully. ** Shure, I'm never eo happy as whin dispensing bounties.' Indeed, I have known 156. last Mm but two days, though he always slept ia a doss-house, and the caily - solid food that passed his lips daring that space was onions and tripe for supper, and a couple of carrots as a midday ^jneaL '?My digestion, you «ee,' is peculiar,' he confided .on one occasion to a magis trate, after receiving a sentence of fourteen days * ' it seems to cottoa tp' nothing but drink.' ' ^ Could you not take the pledge, and ?would' not some one -help .you to keep it 2' asked the' functionary of justice, who, 1 am sure, In his Tieart, saw tiit futility of ..these repeated- consignments to gaol.. Mike ruffled his rough red hair, and a gleam of amusement darted into Ihis eyes, ?.-' ? ? ' May it -plaise -your ludship.' he said, 'it's meself was a- saining loigiit m the Salvation Ar.iny — ftir-— fur two months, an' begorra ! in ih.it toiuie if Oi did. not merit a eilver medal fur timper anee.' . - . ** And where is the me'lal V asked the magistrate. '? Again Mike\3 eyes twinkle-i and tne cornens of his mouth .worked. 'An' you'll belaive me, your wurs'aip, whin Oi came out last toirne, from the r'si denee you wos so kind as to- send me to fur moi health, I pawned i; fur a dhrop of thf; cratur', an' begorri ! if Oi didn't fomd the medal wasn't silver at all, but jist a common bit of tin 2' '. Mike's . real discomfiture was too much for those present, and they laughed as he meant them to laugh and nobody enjoyed his joke more than he did himself. But laugh?ng at or with a culprit does not help *o mend his ways, and Mike's case l;ad a sad side to it.— From the 'Quiver,*' for April. 