HUSBANDS AND WIVES. A MATRIMONIAL QUERY. The vera thing I want's a wife, To screen me frae misfortune's strife; Nae money, though she lias't an' rif» Will I e'er fcik"; But gi'e me love an* gi'e me life, Nocht will 1 lack. Oh, Peggy, in my heart's desire! Hoo finely she can licht the fire. An' wash, an' Bcrub, an' muck the byre, While I sit idle! Ye'd think that woman ne'er wad tire, Ne'er slip the bridle. And when we're married, Peggy dear. What, think yc, can we hae to fear? Will I e'er want my quart o' beer. Or you yer wark? Ye will be blest wi' grandest gear. An' sew my sark. »()• The Worm Turns.—Hobby: What, going out to-night ? Wife: Yes, dear old boy, must go to the club to-night, you know. Hubby (looking at baby): Very well, if you're not back by ten I shell go straight home to pa." •e* EnB WAS JOKING. " Yes, my dear," said Mrs. Goodhart, as she handed her husband his cup of coffee across the breakfast table, " I realise that we simply must economise, and I'm willing to do my part. I've thought of one way of economising already." " How is that?" asked Mr. Goodhart. " Well, I'll tell you. I have a good sewing machine and plenty of time, and if you'll select the cloth, I'll cut out and make that new pair of trousers you want my own self and save—why, Henry Goodhart, what is the matter with you? Mercy! The man is going into a fit. Here, Jane, bring some water. Go for the doctor, somebody! Help me to support him and keep him from falling out of his chair. What can the matter be? It looks like apoplexy. There! Ho breathes easier and has opened his eyes. Now, Henry, dear, what is it?" " Nothing, my dear, nothing; ouly a sudden faintness. I'll get over it in a few minutes, and I—I—was only joking when I 6aid that we had to begin economising somewhere, only jokihg, my dear." *»)• A New York girl has just enjoyed the triumph of having the biggest wedding given in that city for years. She whispered around that the man she was to marry had a red-headed wife somewhere, who most likely would be on hand to interrupt the ceremony. The church was crowded. A woman advertising for a husband, wants him not only to be *• 6trictly religious," bat of " good character." «0» At Niagara,during the Honeymoon.—She: Why do you look so unhappy, George t Don't you know that we are one how ? Geoqje: Yes, darling, I know that; but judging from the hotel bill I've just had handed me, the manager of the Cataract doesn't seem to think so. •ft* "You btb Mr. Quezeen, the husband of the celebrated lecturess on cookery, are you not ?" •• Yes, sir," replied the dejected, holloweyed man, " I am the man she tries her new dishes on." "You went out too soon,"said a wife to her husband at a recent concert; " Patti responed to a third encore, and sang * Coming Thro* the Bye." It was simply divine. I fairly drank it in." " So did I," he answered softly, with a slight suspicion of a hiccough, " and I can taste it yet." •()• Little Sister (angrily): Now, you do what I say. Little Brother : I won't. " You won't, eh ? Oh, don't I wish we was grown up and you was my husband." A man who foolishly entered upon a verbal contest with hi6 wife, was met, as he was retiring from the scene, by his little son, who had just begun to study grammar. " Papa," said the child, " what part of speech is woman ?" To which the father replied. " She is not any part of speech at all, Georgy—she's tho whole of it." t>0* You may say what you please about it, but there is some luck in horse-sboes. A woman nailed up one against the woodshed a month ago, and last week her husband eloped with the hired girl. The man had not earned a cent for mors than two years. Mrs. Strongmind : Jared, what does the messenger want ? Husband of Mrs. Strongmind : It's the tailor's young man, my dear. He has brought the bills for—for our bloomers. •D* Mr. Grumps : YouH have to discharge that cook. Mrs. Grumps: You liked her at first. Mr. Grumps : Yes, but she's getting into your way of cooking. •D* Wife: There comes that tramp I gave some of my biscuits to the other day. Husband : Impossible ! that must be his ghost. The Bride : Did you marry me for my money ? The Bridegroom (frankly) : Yes. The Bride (anxiously) : Did you get any ? Mrs. Jimp6on : Don't you think, Mr. Jimpson, it would he a great benefit to «m daughter if she were to finish her singing lessons abroad ? Mr. Jimpson: Give it up, but I know it it would be a great relief to me. Husband (at breakfast): I had an awful dream last night, dear. Wife: What was it, John? Husband: I dreamed that your mother was out riding, and the horses ran away. Just as they approached a frightful precipice, with a sheer declivity of 500 feet—- Wife (palefaced): Oh,John,that was awful. Husband: I woke up and found it all a dream. It was simply terrible. Colonel Yerger : Why is it that the ladies of the congregation alwayB present the pastor with embroidered slippers and suspenders 7 Mis. Yeiger : The suspenders are to keep up his trousers so that the embroidered slippers can be seen. •0* Rounder: Do you really refuse to foxgive me? Spinster: No. I shan't fotgive yon, not even if I live to be 100 years old. He: Dear me. How cruel! What chan»« have I of living eighty years longer? She: Well, pfirhapa 1 can foigure jou after all. 