SPORTINC NOTES. liv "Tim Wiz.uiu." The name "M. Hessian's Ganymede" fiftnres in the list of entrants for the Caul- field Cup. Two Corowa-breil horses, Itoaemont ami Sunhrown, have hecn entered for thu Nationals. Mick Qcuisn left for Melbourne on Wednesday morning with Ganymede and a lialf t.Mifliaa In Ilia vmlll-llMIVt The Hurglur, after three months' apell, has been pot into work again by Jim McMahon. . The purchaser of IlumphreyOxenhim's homo nt Kandwick foe 1120,000 is oue of the heirs of - the Tyson i ostale— a lady. The furniture ia included in the bargain. The Wangaralte horse, Gainbll, ran his first race in suburban company at Mooⅇ Valley on Monday, He was well up— fourth— at the finish in a large field. Many would have thought that Messrs. W. and C. Wilson had given tip the ghost of winning a Melbourne Cup with " Wait- , -Hit." Hut the unlucky Wsit a-Hit's name ia again In the lilt, and remember "patience la a virtue." We have received a letter from an Irishman who wishes to tell a horse- M I will back him to be the beat horse in the Melbourne district for speed, style, and manners, and doesn't care a d— for trains, trams, traction engines, fireworks, policemen, or pubtic-bouirs." Now, then, who is bidding for hU temperance gee- gee.— Sportsman, A Handicap Pigeon Match of £40 was decided at Ruthcrglen on Wednesday. Mcsirs. Logan and iforlon (2 noma, each) took £4 apiece, and Messrs. Burrows, Wright, anil McMahon (I nom. each) took £1 out of the stake. The balance (£24) was then competed for, and resulted in Messrs. Wright, J. Burrows, Norton, sod Logan beiog i use parable, each shooter taking £6. Tho first Monday of June proved a very busy day for lioneowner as it was tho loss uay ior utKiog noiuinsituiin iwr ma principal fiat and juiupiog race of the VJUiTaad V.A.T.C., including the Mel bourne and Caulfieid Cups. Taking the entries right through, the- response was tip-top, and a record has been established in tlie number for tho Caulfieid Cup (170) while tho number for the Melbourno Cup (171) has only on one occssiion been ex celled. The value of condition waa again exem plified at Moonco Valley on Monday last, when tho Locbiel horse, Uoronds, accounted for the Welter Handicap and May Handicap. In tho flratnained race he started at odda on, and won with com fort, but in Ida second engagement Uoronds had several smart sprinters to deal with, nnd his admirers were apparently chary : about hacking him, in consequence of which ho left tbo barrier with long odds freely, pffcrcd against him. As in tho first raco ho won witn ease. Tho Bucccss achieved in England by American jockoye prompted a leading article by "Vigilunt" in, tho London SporUman quite recently. Of 34 races run al Ilurat Park ami- Newmarket, Sloso, Martin, and LI and J. Uciff rode the winners of 20. "Vigilant " saya "To my thinking tho chief secret of tho sue- mm #»f RIimii ami liitMnfrorpJi Ilea in lh«ir beiog admirable judges of pace, nnd to their having thoroughly mastered the art of waiting in front. You never by any chance sco ono of them nulling or hauling a hone about ; they, allow him to ruo liia own rscej and the result la that when the fiual set-to begins, they usually hold possession of a very useful load, and their mounts are' far lesa distressed than animals that have exhausted themselves by fighting for their heads for tiie first half of the raco." The boxing contest between Sam But- sou ond Freu Nixon for £20 a-eide was settled at the Oddfellows' Hall on Wednesday night, when a largo crowd viewed a fair aud " willing battlo— and a very game fight right to the fioiah. The usual minor " bouts preceded the prin cipal event, and a Httlo after 9 o'clock Nixon and Rutzou stepped -within the ropes, tho former being attended to by Tut McMahon and — McCarthy, and the latter by E. Coleman aud "Coon SowelL Charlie Baker referccd, and D. Nixon and D. Oswald checked tho time. To the naked eye Rulzou appeared in the best condition, but the first round told the tale that Nixon was in the better fettle. The minors' man turned the scale at 12.7, while tho local man's weight was 11.0— giving away 1.7 to itia opponent The opening round waa dovoid of any incident worth mentioning, cacn man going down on his knee caused through slipping. In tho second round matters were made .warmerRateou appearing tho most anxious to force the fighting. Toward the close of the round the first blow which had any telling effect was dealt by Nixon— fair .'oh tho "boko — which brought Rulroutotbeboarda. There was nothing worth recording in the third round, allu-it Kutzou was on for forcing matters again, and in doing so bis right hand went wrong. Condition made itself manifest in the fonrtU-aouud, both- men appearing to " rock,'"iiUtlough Nixon waa not showing it so much ha Rutrou/ Nixon got more blows In. The fifth and sixth rounds were much in Button's favor, and along townrd the seventh round it looketf aa if the local man waa about to ho returned the winner. Button sot in time after time with both head and Cody blows, buttlicy seemed to lack force, the Injured hand of Uutzou'e haying this effect. Tho eighth ami ninth rounds saw a lot of " hugging " and clinching, tenth both faced tho music " gropgily,". Nixon appearing to have more left in him than tho local man, and each blow the minora' man got in had a telling effect— Butzou going down four times. Al- thought it was evident that it was Nixon's fight, Butzou very plucklly stood up for the eleventh round, but went down three times, and not being able to come up to tiino, the sponge was thrown in, and the referee g&vo; hisdeeiaion in favour of Nixon. 