TEE CONTRIBUTOR. PEN PORTRAITS OF THE -BRITISH SOLDIER. TiY tjie ];i:v. K. a. u.mVdv, M.A., Chaplain to 11..M. forces; Au'tlior of "11 to 'be ]]np|3j- Though Married,," &c.; 11.-TOMMY ATKINS IN BARRACKS. 1x1 us ci)tor a barracks anil see some; tiling of llie life which the recruit of whom we have spoken will live. But will the ?scntrv a(. the gale allow* us to go in: _ It will si-eak well for our respectability if he do not, for sometimes .sentries stop tho.se whom (Key should ,not. stop- because these would be likely to make a fuss anil speak of it. thus gaining them credit for vigilance, while I hey allcrvv shady-looking characters to pass unchallenged. On one occasion, a sentry .belonging t.o a regiment to which 1 nvas-unknown, objected to my entering bar rack*. As 1 was going to officiate at Church I'ardde in the Chapel 1 told him what the man going to be hanged said to the crowd-"They caii't begin until I come." Once, on active service, when a .sentry said to a'medical oflieer who wished .to pans-''"Advance one, and give the coun tersign!." thai gentleman was unable to do so. and the sentry did his duty and also relieved a grudge which lie cherished for .some reason against the medico, by keep ing him standing in a bitter night with a bayonet pointed at his breast. A sentry stopped the carriage of a lady generally well known, but not [to him, which, was out of order on the night of a Court bull. The lady put her head'out of the window and told the faithful Tommy that she was fhe wife of it-Cabinet* ^Minister. "Beg pardon, iria'ani," was the reply, "but 1 could not let you pass eyeu if you were the wife of a Presbyterian Mini ster." "OXK WAN ONE COT." If we do get into barracks alone, and arc not sent round with a soldier, we can drop into the lirst barrack-room to which we eome and see what it is like. The floor of- llie roiiiii has, of course, no covering; if ik had this would not last a week. The Willis arc whitewashed, exft.pt here and J here where a man ha1? gratified his domes tic tastes by putting upon the wall near Ills cot ]'holographs of his relations. These go )d people arc not always decorative, but they are better than whitewash, and give a homely look to the room. On three sides are rows of iron cols, which are so made that in the daytime they can be put into a small compass, by b?ing doubled up. On oaeh cot are placcd its "dug biscuits," as soldiers call the bruwn stpmres into which their mattresses are divided, and on the top of.these the blankets and sheets. The whole are held together l>y a strap, to which is fastened a lin ticket, bearing the occupantV name and number. .Under the cot is a black box for Tommy's parheti «rally small amount of private property. Running round the w.-ills are shelves, iron pegs, holds for rifles. Each man's share of these conveniences is whatever is above or 1 behind his col. One man one «ot. or ''doss,'' is a barrack-room maxim, and lolling on he «'ot or occupying the cubic space belonging to another is "bad form.'" In the middle of 1he room there are fable smd forms on iron supports. These, with niopr1, brushes, cans, and bowls, which arc generally kept in a recess or cupboard, complete the furniture of the room. Oh, we forgot the mirror, whidh generally cori'"l>t« of an inch or two of broken looking-glass. Tins, and. nothing more, to wuisfy the vanity of all the occu pants of the room! liarrtn U-rooi^s may look bare, but they have never seemed to me uncomfortable, as 1 have sat at one of their good fires talking to the men. "After all, tljie main t hing is that the ..men: in them should be the right soil. They are their best furnithre! Two or three years ago diniug-rooijjM were provided. Soldiers did not" appreciate these at first, because two rooms , had to be cleaned instead of one. Still, the more abundant, more varied, and better-cooked food whteii Tommy -has now for his lit* -ikfast and dinner deserve to have rooms *ct apart for its consumption. There are excellent 'ablution mid lxitili rooms in most modern barracks.'but the latter are not used as mudh as they . should be. Too often iI is thought enough jo .wash face, tmnsJ', and !);ai)ds. Tn one cavalry barracks tile ofliccrs ' hl.ivo provided splendid hot baths for the men, which-they use" day and night. Till'. DAVIS WORK. ? ? lleveille sounds at 6.1.T a.m., and earlier in summer,, but all soldiers do not think with the great Duke of Wellington tlhat when von' turn in bod it is time to turn , out. Forcible language and other means have' io be used to extract some of them. When lie W*s cot himself out of bed the tirst thing Tommy ,does is to arrange that va cated receptacle with it« mattress, sheets, and blankets in the way they are required to be kept during tfoe day. Then he sweeps the. floor, under-and urouud his c-ot, and rushes off to give himself "a lick and a pro mise" in the nearest washhouse. After this, unless excused for sonic duty, lie will do chest-expanding . exercises and '"physical drill" until breakfast comes to allay the 'hunger that these have aroused. At this meal tea is made in sudlr quantities that it is not of a high standard. It is boiled probably for a long time, and served in .cans, not always well-cleaued,' that held the soup for yc-lerd;iy~s dinner. ISlugs and JAidns are used instead of cups. When the mors funds are adequate sutih extras as liver and bar-mi. <ggs li-h, jam, butter, or dripping are provided, 0U1enri.se '?sljngers" or "'coffee cutlets? must-- suffice'. This high -Hounding dish cpWjsts'of'bread made . to sling down easily T>y being soakfed in tea or coffee. Breakfast ended; "spud practice" 'begins, for all have to lend a baud at peel ?ing potatoes for dinner. From 9 to 10 o'clock tJlierc is a. recruits' drill, -arid the other men clean tlieir rooms and their ac coutrements until the bugles caJl tibeia to 'the 11 o'clock parade of oommand ing officer, adjutant, or swgeant inajbr. This lasts about ail hour, 'and when prolonged vexes fche souls, or rather stom!.ichs, of tflsose who punctually attend to the opening of the canteen at noon-a great event! In three-quai-teis of an hour- the most easily recogniscil bugle call "goes," aud it seems to say "Pick them up, pick them up, liot" potatoes;" only now adays there is a great deal more to be picked up by soldiers at dinner than potatoes, The three- quarters of a.pound of beef or mutton, which is a mail's ration, is lumped together in "boils," "bakes," ''stews," and "curries," and supplemented by vegetables, pies, puddings, jam rolls, and so forth. To ensure that the men get what John Bull ays for an officer visits each dining-room, preceded by a sergeant, who shouts as if lie were in au asylum for the deaf, "'Ten slum! any complaints?" After dinner is orer. under the direction of the orderly, man, the tables and plates are washed up. Then the recruits have another parade, but the full-fledged soldier has nothing to do except clean his feathers-his straps and accoutrements-unless be is on guard -or has some kind of fatigue duty. Many lie down and wake up at 4 o'clock fur tea. Soldiers seldom go out in the afternoons.. They prowl about in the evenings,' not be cause their deeds are more evil than tho.se of other people, but because places of; amusement-are then open, atid. their .friendsi in other barracks or amongst civilians are" more at leisure. AT l'LAY. But many men do not go out of barracks at all, often- for -a considerable tinie. "In this number are the -.'absent-minded beg gars" who spend their ipay the day they get it, or who, by reason of their evil or careless doings, have been put under stop pages. Then there are those who are con fined to barracks as a punishment, and who hnve to answer their uame every hour when the defaulters' bugle sounds. A few have hobbies with which they employ them selves, or they work in the school for a first-class certificate; and, perhaps, there is an occasional one who, Wisely fearing the terrible temptations of a garrison town, feels that he is safer in barracks. At half past 9 bugles sound first post of tattoo, and orderly- sergeants call the roll of tlieir com panies and warn the men for guard, picquet, or fatigue duty nest day. Any man who does not answer his name between first and second post (10 o'clock) is, unless lie has a pass, reported absent. A quarter of an hour later '"Lights out" 6ounds, and a day in. barracks is ended. A well-known gene ral, under whom I served, thought that' sol diers should do eight hours a day work, lie forgot that in war time they often did more. We have read of our men marching and fighting continuously in South Africa for twice eight hours. He forgot, too, that Tommy's pay is nearer pight.penoe than eight shillings a day. Then the mounted man has, of course, far more to do than the infantry soldier, whose daily routine has been described. ^ TOMMY'S DRAWBACKS. Soffliers have often to work when civi lians sleep, and think themselves very lucky if they get four nights in bed without hav ing to go. on guard. A man. is on guard for twenty-four hours, during which time he is two hours on sentry aud-four hours off. The former duty at many posts is monotonous enough during the day, but it is really horrible on a cold, wet, dark night, at a lonely post, with no company except -the sentry's thoughts aud au occasional ghost! Xor are the four hours off, which arc spent in the guard-room, much more agreeable. Clothes and accoutrements can not be removed, for at > ny time the sum mons may come tor me guard ta turn out, and it lias to be obeyed without a moment's delay. And the guard-room bed is not one of roses, but the soft side of a deal b^ard. Our soldiers are not considered to have enough walking exeicise on sentry^go, and therefore route-marching is practised twice a week during the winter. Tommy hales this almost as much as lie does coal-cany ing fatigue; but it is necessary, "for ability to march quickly and far is even more im portant for soldiers than good shooting ca pacity. If they get to the enemy tliey can perhaps frighten them if tliey do not kill them, but il* they do not come'up to them they can do neither. Aluch attention has been given in late years to shooting with the result that our soldiers can now shoot as stiiiight as any others, the Boers being a possible exception. in tflie foihier war willi. the Boers things were very different. Most of the British rifles found after the battle of Majuba had their long - range sights up, showing that our men Hep* bliis ing over the heads of the Boers, when the latter had come to close quarters. ILLOGICAL TOMMY. At Pembroke L'Cimp, Malta, 1 was amused at the way some soldiers took a question 1 put. 1 was standing with them, looking at moving targets representing men being lired at, and 1 asked, "What would you Dike to stand where those targets arc for live mi nutes?" Tliey-started and said-"X ot £500 or £1,000, sir." _ "But," 1 replied-"One day you may' have .to do this for Is." Jt seems to. me that it'would pay the country to give almost any money to men who couid hit any per>onl or anything. A man would be worth not merely £1,000 a year, but- his weight in gold, if he could bring a war to a speedier conclusion by picking off all the generals on the other side. Jn onjer to practise soldiers.in the kind of work looy would have to do on active service, each comfiany of infantry or squadron of cavalry is struck off all duties for a fortnight or three weeks, aud is instructed in such mat ters as the digging of trenches and field kitchens, the pitching and striking of tents, the building of bridges, . the packing of mules, the elements of fortification, and' so on. The summing-up and completion, so to sav, of route-marching, field-training, spriug drills, and the other work of our sol diers are the manoeuvres, which lake place when the Government think they can affoid them, generally in August. 