MOSTLY UP NORTH. The wonderful advance made during the past few years in the facilities for travelling to the uttermost parts of the earth are very alluring and fascinating, and it is not to be wondered at that so many of our successful business men run away from home and have a high old time kipseying with the gay Parisians in the gardens of the Tuilleries; admiring the "all together" at the London Em- pire; telling fairies to Eileen Alannah on the placid bosom of Killarnoy's hikes; punishing the tankards of nut brown ale in the Unte den Linden in Berlin; picnicing under the left ear of the Sphinx, etc., and etc. Last Saturday, timed almost to the hour, two of our best known citizens, Messrs. J. C. Fer- guson and W. H. Ferrall, returned home after a sweet time. Mr. Ferguson, who appears to have been a pretty keen observer, seems, according to his inter- viewer, to have been struck with a lot of things at different times; but nothing, not even the majestic Cathedral of St. Mark's, the Paris Exposition, the Tower of London, or the fist of a London coster, struck him so hard as the linotype fiend of a local paper that published his inter- view on Monday morning. "He (Mr. F.) was particularly struck (says the liar- type) by the system now in vogue at the large iron and steel works, whereby all the boilers are heated by gas, which is generated and forced in a sheet of good deal of time to inspecting the associated so much stirring history, of grand old cathedrals, round which is flame as fuel. Mr. Ferguson devoted a the motherland, and also the splendid ecclesiastic edifices of Italy and its capital, ancient Rome." If this is really correct, the genial globe trotter should have had a jugful of soda water before he was allowed ashore; but there is ample evidence, if any is necessary, that Mr. Ferguson was quite coherent and looked as bright and shiny as a new gun when he arrived. The most unfortunate part of it is that if Mr. Ferguson can be induced to stand for municipal honors next month, his remarks as printed in a Launceston paper will be used against him, and as he has not thought fit to correct them, his chance of success is hopeless. His companion, Mr. Ferrall was also struck dead—with astonishment, I mean, at a lot of things in England and on the continent that he has never seen in Tasmania, all the years he has been in it. There's not a place in Launceston to be compared to Windsor Castle, and the Parliamentary Debating Society just ought to see the Houses of Parliament in London, and they would see the diffe- rence with the class-room of the Mechanics Institute, where the P.D.S. meet when in session, in a glance. The cabbage garden thief is coming along very nicely, and will soon be ready to pick. The best kind grow down West Devonport way, and a crop of them were in evidence down by the Mersey's breezy banks last week. For some time past the Chinese gardeners there have been much puzzled over a peculiar phenomenon that occurs in their cabbage patch every night. It appears that in the silent watches of the night the succulent cabbage and the curly-headed cauli- flower pass out to the great somewhere in a most mysterious manner, and leaves no last request for any of their friends; the only thing traceable are a lot of footmarks like the imprint of the paws of the Tantanoola tiger. One of the puzzled celestials, Ah Hipp OO Ray, mused much the other day, and said, 'By Cli, spooks come along a garden fence and call lilee cabbagee away. Me give spook some goddam." He there- upon decided to lay low and watch for the spooks that night. He got a bite about midnight, and proceeded to dust the cranium of the ghost of the kitchen garden with a blackwood stave. The ghost's too-too solid flesh melted away at the rate of 100 yards in 9½, and like one of the Bowery Grenadiers, he ran like the devil where the road was level for quite a couple of miles. There was, however, another spook with a gun close by, and John had no sooner paid his respects to McGuinness than he was shot in the hand, and he got off his selection with commendable accelerated haste, for he valued his life more than his cabbages. In as calm and collected manner as possible John reported the affair to the police, "who have the matter in hand." John, in the mean- time, has a lot of buckshot in his hand. More by way of a change of diet than anything else, several people in Laun- ceston were ushered into the presence of the three Bengal tigers at Wirth's Circus last week. These desperate deni- zens of the jungle got so tired of eating up their trainers that it was thought a few fresh Launceston people would do them good. The first to offer herself as a sacrifice to the capacious maws of the caged animals was a sweet girl with a face glorified and eyes brighter than the evening star. When she entered the cage the tigers held a short council, and they all agreed that Hebe was like a box of chocolates, too sweetly pretty to eat, and so Phil Wirth presented her with a medal, the crowd applauded, and she retired. Next night three men were selected—a couple of them nice and plump, the other a bit on the lean side. When the time came on cue was missing, but he explained afterwards that when- ever he wanted to converse with a tiger he preferred to do it through the tele- phone. The others were true to their word; they got in the cage, and imme- diately offered £1000 apiece to get out, instanter. But the crowd wanted to see some fun. The trio of striped beauties smacked their lips at Jim, who raised the offer to £2000 to leave, and say a word to nobody. After a while a bottle of phiz went off, and the party inside the cage started to sing "God Save the Queen," and this so disgusted the big tiger that he said, 'That's enough, take 'em away; you've turned me clear off my tucker; fancy me eating you." The party then retired. Of course, Mr. Phil Wirth can go in any time, because he has got signed articles from the Royal Bengal tigers not to eat him, without giving a fortnight's notice of their intention to demand a change in their menu. 