LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. Wt: issuo this morning a six-pago paper. On pago 5 will be found some notes and dippings by our contributor " Bill Brovier," " What I Saw in Kansas City," and a num ber of interesting pnragrupbs. Pago G Is dovoted ontircly to business notices. To ConnKsroKOENTS.— " Citizen " : Your letter is a serious reflection on tbo conduct of a large number of tho employees at tho in stitution named. Such a chargo should ho made openly nnd abovo board, and it would bo scarcely fair to tho institution or to the employees, to publish your letter anonymously. If you do not care for tho publicity of your namo, your best course would bo to person ally complain to tho police authorities. Stop that cough by taking Pectoral Bal aam, Is. Gd. and 2s. Gd. W. It. Hodgson (late Moekay), chemist. 60 AmuNOEMENTH arc proceeding satisfactorily in connection with tho repetition of tho lato successful Poster Ball !n aid of tbo Too woomba Hospital. The same charitable object will bo held in view nnd the date is fixed for to-morrow (Wednesday), the 14th Inst. The ball this timo will bo held in the now raalthouso of Messrs. Perkins and Co., which has been kindly placed at the disposal of tbo CommUteo. Tho ball spneo of this comprises some uouu squaro icet, ana is said to be one ot tho largest floors in Queensland. Tho building will.be illuminated by acetylene gas, supplied by Messrs. Partridgo and Co., and limelight effects will bo produced by Mr. Jnmos Bain. The Grand March will com mence nt 8.30. Tho prices nro tbo &nrao; ad last time, and tickets may be obtained from Mr. J. E. Stone, or any member of tbo Com mittee. Aistfsa tho passengers by tbo R.U.S. Miowerar which arrived in Brisbano from Vancouver on Saturday were Mr, nnd Mrs. J. H. Muling of(Toqv,oomba, who have just rotumod' from their Visit" to tbo Mother countries. Tub third day of tho Q.T.C. meeting was held on Saturday. Tho principal race, tho Southport Handicap, was won by Bucolic, Nevermore and Tasmnn filling the"1 places. Mist won tho Novice, Ohio tho Stanley Plate, and Testator tho Welter, tho latter paying a dividend of £29 18s, on 10s» tickets, ' i Siece tho alteration In tbo western train, service, a number of oar subscribers at Blddcston, Wcstbrook H.A., Happy Valley, and other central places in that neighbor-, hood complained that they wcro unable to obtain their Saturday's " Chronielo " until Tuesday morning, . also letters, etc. On re ceipt of complaints we called on Mr. Cosgrove, who very promptly set to work to bavo tho matter complained of remedied, and this ho has done, as will be seen by the following letter receivod at this office yes terday:—- Memo, from the Queensland Post and Telegraph Department. Toowoomba, November 12. . I am directed by the Under Secretary and Superintendent Telegraphs to adviso you that arrangements bavo now been mado for the mailman to start on Saturdays from Biddcs- ton instead of from Oakoy to permit of your papers and other correspondence going out to floppy Valley and other places on tho Batnr- day instead of being detained at Oakoy until tho Tuesday, Involved under tbo new time table. Reference your letter 19th alto. I havo the honor to bo, Sir, Your obedient servant, I'. CoHonovK, Officer In Charge, . New MiLLisp.nv. — Wo are now showing a choico selection of Ladles' and Children's Trimmed Hats. See bur windows for high class Drapery, just landed. Merry's Too woomba Exchange. 84 In connection with our water supply, tho Waterworks Committee paid a special visit to tho Waterworks nnd to the sources of supply yesterday morning, and subsequently held a meeting at tho Town Hall, where, after discussioo, it was agreed, on tho motion of Alderman Smart, seconded by Alderman Fogarty, that tbo Red Lion pnmp bo shifted to the Stephen-street well. It was also de- oided, on tho motion of Alderman Fogarty, seconded by Alderman Smart, that tho ro- raoval of tho boiler and replacing in position ho -placed in tbo hands of tho . Foreman nnd carna l out by day labor A long discussion ensued on a proposal by Aldennnn Trapp that tho Stephen -street well holler bo re paired, and that the offer of tbo Toowoomba Foundry Co, bo accepted to repair It. Tho Mayor questioned seriously whether tho pumping nt the Red Lion well was worth the money expended. Alderman Fogarty, who -favored the obtaining of a now- boiler, pointed oat that tbo Red Lion water was tho only puro water they obtained, and, aftho health of the people wns the first consideration, every drop avallablo at tho Red Lion well should to pumped. Alderman Palethorpe suggested a scbemo which would cnablo thorn to determine how much water could bo ob tained at the Rod Lion wol), and It was decided that In tho meantime tho consideration of re pairing tbo old boiler or tho purchase of a new . ' ono should be postponed. A special meeting of tbo Council was held afterwards, at which the report of ,tbe Waterworks CommUteo em bodying tbo abovo was adopted. It was also deoided to transfer Mr. McFarlano, tbe Waterworks Engineer, to the lower well for tbo present. ' Laxative Stuup cures indigestion, con stipation, biliousness, sick headache, etc. Price 2s. fid., from W. B. Hodgson only (lato Mackay), chemist. 59 . In the person of tbo Very Rev. Vincent Grogan, tho best-known and most venerable member ol tbo-Passlonist Order In Australia passed away on Wednesday, at St. Brigid's Retreat, MarriokviUc, Sydney. Ho had been in failing health for moro than a year past, and his illness terminated in ft paralytic etroko. In January, 1891, Fathor Grogan came on n visit to Australia, to inspect the' 1 11 houses " of tbo Po8sionist Order, and sub sequently accepted the post of Australian \- Provincial. In that capacity ho visited almost every part of Australia. Lost year ho asked to bo relieved of bis dalles, bnt continued to act as rector of St. Brigid's, Marrlckvillo, until his death. He bad reached his G3rd year. , At a special meeting of tho Municipal Council ycstcrdny morning to consider ten ders for tho supply of cool to tho Waterworks for a period of twclvo months, tenders wcro received as follows Tivoll (Ipswich), Gs. per ton at siding or 18s. 2d. per ton landed at xwjwiKimuit , Diuuura liuz ji/oWiDUj, # o# per ton nt siding or 14s. 2d. landed nt Too woomba ; Gowrie Mine, 9s. Gd. per ton at siding or lis. 2d. landed at Toowoomba; Oakoy Mine, 8s. Gd. per ton at siding or 10s. ' 3d. landed at Toowoomba, Tbo Foreman (Mr. Corr) reported having tested the coal from tho Tivoll, Gowrie, and Oakey mines, and, In his opinion, tho Tivoli coal could not bo compared in quality to tho Gowrie or Oakoy coal, which wcro superior. Ho also stated tbe slight diffcrenco in tho steaming qualities of tho' two latter coals would be balanced by tho difference ia freight, with the advantage, if any, in favor of Oakey. After consideration, tbo tender ot tho Oakoy Coal Company for tho supply of 50 tons per month, more or less, for twolvo months at 8s. 3d. per ton at Oakoy was accepted. The cruel persecution qf mankind which is carried on by tho lively ilea, tbo attentive mosquito, and other insect posts, may be promptly ended by the use of Noble's Special balmatlon Insect Powder. Whilst its uso is entirely .freo from dnngcr of any kind to human beings, Nobles Powder is certain death to Fleas, Flics, Mosquitoes, Bed Bugs, Cockroaches, Bilverfish, Moths, Beatles, Aphides, A'o. It is put in tins with, patent snrlnklors and' full directions, nnd sold at a shilling by tho proprietor. W. A. Noblo, Chemist And Dentist, Medical Hall, Too woomba. 4 Indeed, all who aro interested in providing comfort for tbo declining years of tho true heroes of civilisation," roust foci proud that thoy havo in their midst such an institution as tbo Brodribb Homo. But wo venture to say that tho publio havo bat a faint idea of tho amount of good dono by tho cnergotio super intendents of tho Institution—the Ladies Benevolent Society— sinco they havo hadlho Homo In helping pcopfe to help themselves. Among tbo inmates of tbo Homo at tho present time nro six men and women over 60 years ot ago. Tho norao. is extremely useful as ft contro of relief, and help is nover refused to those able nnd willing to work, nor to tho aged or sick who aro unablo to work. A temporary homo for tbo homeless who wish to go to Dunwich is found whilst tbo application is sent down. Num bers of casual travellers havo received tem porary shelter for a night or two, and re commendations aro made to other agenoies, which havo sont hundreds pf men to good useful employment. In this connection many letters havo been received -from erst-wbUo inmates thanking tho Matron (Mrs. Dutton) for the kind attention given. At a meeting of ladies, held on Wednesday last, it was de cided to hold a Garden Party in aid cf tho funds of the Brodribb Homo on Wodncsday, December 5, and wo feel certain that tho general public will duly recognise tho worthi ness ot tho cause. Tbo Rev. Mr. Pugbe has kindly placed nt tho disposal of the ladles tho Nundora grounds, and tho Homo being con tiguous, visitors will have nn opportunity of inspecting It if they so desire. Among tho many attractions will bo a Maypole danco by pupils of tho South Toowoomba School, cricket, croquet, quoits, A'c. No extra charge will bo made for witnessing theso. A band will also bo in attendance. Contributions of refreshments will be tbnnkfully received. In patronising tho Garden Party tho public bavo an opportunity of making happiness and oomfork possible to many of their less fortu nate brethren. PnonATK bos been granted in tbo following estates Frledcrlch Gister, miller, . Too- woomba, to Messrs. Graham M'Cook and George Orisp ; realty and personalty, £4G97. Richard Lowo Glanvillc, drover, PUtsworth, to Mrs. Deborah Lambert; realty and per sonalty) £1109, Wntegret to record' tho death of Mr.E. Harvey, late proprietor of tho "Alloro Guardian," who passed away nt his residence, Allora, on Friday, after a long andritogcring 7. illness; The deceased gentleman, who -was ' - 52 years of ago, camo to Allora 18 years ago- for the benefit of bis health and resided tbero over since. Apart from.bis capacity as jour nalist, he rendered good service as member of the Clifton Divisional Board, and also" on - other public bodies, and was highly esteemed by nil who knew him. An unpleasant Incident occurred in Ruth- ' von-strcct on Saturday night. While, d Tcm- ; . . peranco advocate was holding a meeting somo' ono among the crowd throw-' a . stone'.- . This was evidently aimed at tho speaker, but miss ing him struck another man's head, iofiictlng an&sty; bruise. Tho guilty party was not dis covered. On Sunday night tbo tompcranoo lecturer expressed his regret that tbe'guiity party could not bo found, and stated he was informed that day that a suspicion was enter- tained that ho was identical with the ex- priest Slattery, and that was the only reason ho could aseribo ' for tho ocoarrencd/. Hb sympathised with 4bo man who was struck. Tub following appointments', under tho . Education Department aro announced in Saturday's " Government Gazette ' :— 8. B. . Kennnrd, to bo appointed a trurtcp of the Toowoomba Grammar School, in tEo room of J. L. Graham, resigned; R. W.Frost, to.be a trusteeof tbo Toowoomba Grammar School,- ...' upon tbo nomination uf tho subscribers thereto, In the room of-H. V. King, resigned. Oon lively, fearless, and outspoken Bris bane contemporary, " Figaro,' is about to issuo next month "Figaro's Christmas- Foster - Album," which promises to bo exceedingly ' attractive. We bavo seen a copy, of tho cover, wnicn is in liscu a wora oi nrt, anu reflects every credit on all conccroed in its - production. We wish every succoss loj this - latest venture of ono .who for many ycara poet has rendered yeoman servico to Queens- ' land jonrnnlism. / ' ' ' The Mercahtiios and nalf-Holiday . C.C. play a return match"" ;o-morrow (Wednesday) ' on tbo Cricket Reserve, commencing at half- past two sharp, whentho(foilowlDg plavers - < are requested to put in an appearaneo :— Kemp, Jorroit, Trcadwell, . Rbs8t' Pro van. F. - Palmer, W. Palmer, Bopgood,- Cunningham, Pcnfold, . Radford, HodgsonV FOrtesouo- Stevens, Robinson, Allinan, Sinclair, RylandB, ' Doxoy, Wright, Malohoy, Peak, Lendrum. Cameron, Jones. _ Tub Premier was questioned on ' Saturday ; morning concerning tbo prospects of tbeDuko ' and Duahess 0fYork, and tho Imperial troops who, are -coming to Au&trilja; in co'nnectioa with tbo federal colcbrafions, visiting Queens- . land. The actual invitation bias not yet been issued ; but Mr. Philp feels . that it would never do to allow tho visiters to visit thqotber capitals without endeavouring to get them to come' to Brisbano. Ho was very ompatbio . that both tbo Royal visiters "and tho - troops :- would come to Queensland, . '-i Tub regular meoting, of thoiWC.T; Union ; was held in tho Methodist, schoolroom on Thursday afternoon. The President oponcd the meeting in' tho usual manner. Minutes and corresponderico wcro dealt with. Alelter- was read from the Colonial President, request- log that all Unions observe tbo Jast Sunday lo . - this month ob Tcmperanco- Sunday,' and by - special sermons and addresses,' nnd tho dis- . tributlon of literature,' both '.on Sunday and . during precediog . week,' oodoavour. to arouso moro interest in tho temperance work. Re solved that Toowoomba comply "with tho request. Tho -President' redd qupt&iions; ro ' cost of another refreshment booth. After a ' little discussion U was resolved to parehaso a Bocond tent. Several reports were handed iu, <. which showed work done aud a largo quantity ' of literature distributed. Several smaller matters of business' conoluded . tbo meeting; and the President pronounced the benedic- tion. THREE pictures, the gift of Mr. W. G. Wil- son (late of Pilton station, on the Downs), have been placed in the National Art Gallery (says the "Courier"). "A Landscape," by Naysmith, is a small picture representing an English lane with some cottages. It is a charming scene, with a small picture representing an English lane with some cottages. It is a charming scene, with every detail carefully rendered. "A Study of a Head," by W. G. Wilson, is a masterful bit of work, showing a man's head with clear-cut features. The modelling is very good, and expression and pose of the head are very life-like. The third picture is a full size copy of Turner's "Crossing the Brook," also the work of the donor. It Is an excellent copy, and Mr. Wilson has caught the character of Turner's work. Mr. Wilson, who at one time was a constant exhibitor at the Queensland Art Society exhibitions, went to England about six months back and pursued his studies in art. He still sends out some contributions to the Art Society from time to time. This year his picture the "Cradle of the Deep," being his most important. A Pleasant, Prompt, and Perfect Care for Colds, Coughs, Influenza, Bronchitis, sore Throat, Hoarseness; Loss of Voice, ami ' ' affections ot the throat, air passages, and s lungs in general, has bccn . found, in; Noble's - - Cough Cure. This wolf . known well : tried and favorite remedy allays foveriBhness, cuts . away phlegm, soothes tho inflamed mem- - brancs, - checks coughs, and induces sound sleep, nature's sweet restorer. Price, Is. Gd., 2s. Gd. and 4s. per bottle, of W' A. Noble, Chemist' and Dentist, Medical- Hall, > Too woomba ; 8 Tire regular monthly meeting of tboLadics' Benevolent Society was.held on Thursday, woro prosent Mrs. Clcndinning (President)) in tho chair, and MeadAmes'Pughe. Roland, Atkinson, Palothorpo, Gibson, and Robertson : Apologies for absence were received from Mrs - Merry and Miss Tolmio. ' Tho minutes of . previous meeting were read and confirmed. A V letter was read from the Under Secretary Homo Department, granting tho State allow, nnce to an aged eouplo. Several applications forrolief bod been received' and dealt wiUx during tbe month, ono of these belhg from a . widow, and sho was placed on the permanent . list. Tho Matron of tbo Homo reported that two mon had been admitted during tho mouth,- nnd two had left ono going to work, tho other to tho hospital. Remaining in tho -homo, 5 men and 7 women. Eloycn casuals, all. of whom worked tho usual time,- had been as sisted. It was resolved to hold a garden party iu nid of tho foods in December, and to ask tho ladies of the town to assist tho ooromittee. Accounts wcro passed for payment amounting to £23 5s. 8d. general fund, £23 9s. 2d. home- fund. saturday's Roma "Star'-' records tho decease In that town oh Friday lost of a gentleman who was well known In South western Queensland, including Toowoomba— Mr. George Taylor, of Merino Downs.' As the "Stor" well puts it, the Into Mr. Taylor was a typical Scotsmnn of tho beet teno— genial among friends, considerate to stran gers, proud of being a Highlander, a sensible upright man, and of having mado his way in life by bis 'energy and industry. He was a fine specimen ot a man, over six feet in height, and must havo been very powerful and«active in the years of his youthand prime manhood. Ho was born in tho parish of Dunoon, Argyllshire, in 1821, whero he married, and came out to Victoria when close on 30 years of age, landing at Melbourne on New Year's Day, 1851. Mr. -Taylor came to the Roma district in 1876, took up country on terms that have converted tho land into freehold property, at whir was known as Camp's Creek, sorao sixteen miles south ( Itoma, whero he has resided ever since, de voting bis attention to raising merino sheep of a high class. In fact, Merino. Downs is noted for having somo of tho finest sheep in tho district. Mr. Taylor .took great interest in promoting the welfare of many pf tho Roma Institutional Toe Oth of November festivities in Too woomba would not bo considered complete without the re»unlou . of - tho' Protestant Alllanco Friendly Society. The anoant social ot Lodges No. 0 .and 15 duly took place on Friday ovoning In tho Masonlo Hall, whon tho terpisohorcaa accommodation of the building was'taxed to its utmost capacity, so popular have thoso galhoringshooomo.- OvcrCOcouplcs \- must havo been gliding: round in tho mazy waltz and gracefolly figuring through tho in tricacies of tho various sots. Tho content mont shining on 'every countenance bespoke tho successful consummation of tho com mlttoa's. efforts— a committee consisting, wo understand, of only four members. Tho post of M.G. Is by no means a sinecure, but W.M. ' Bro. E. P. Kimmins has become an adopt In this office,, and fulfilled. .the duties in a . nlnnctarr and luvnnbln manner. Tho muslo was cornet and piano Mr. Fred. Krctsehmar and Miss Moran), tho aconstio properties ot the hnU making a larger orchestra unncccs sary. .Needless to say, tho music rendered was in tho onstomary perfect and musicianly ' stylo. Tho Friendly Societies present by Invitation : wore tho Ancient Order of Foresters and the Manchester Unity Odd fellows, tho usual invitation having been sent to delegates ot all local kindred Societies. Mrs. Tucker, so. much now in ovidcnco as a caterer, provided a very genoroas and : recherche supper to which ample jostico was dono. .Tho'smokoand card room was patro nised throughout the evening, and the perfect al oak room accommodat ion was very con vonlent and acceptable. Tho W.D.M., Bro. E. J. Camcrom, as hon. Seorctorj, worked . hard for tho success achieved, and with his small epmmittco Is deserving ot every pral6C. ' Tho piano used was goncro'uslylont by Messrs. Hariton and Co. Tub firm of Messrs. ICeogb and Co., is invariably to the front, with something \- . choice in tho way ot first-class furniture. On Thursday wo had tho. pleasure of looking nt . some splendid ohests, just manufactured at tho firm's establishment. They are termed tho " Provision Icq. Ghosts," and for nccoramoda Uon, stylo, and fioish' are cqoAl to tho Im- ported article. The top portion of tho chest . has a- largo receptacle for ice, and . at tho > same time has sufficient. room for holding a ' largo number of bottles. The lower portion of tho chest is fitted up in the manner of a \- cupboard for storing provisions. From this " tho cold air goof into' this chamber, and so -cool Is tho alrthat .It keops tho lower chamber at between 28 and 35'dcgrecs. . For domestic use or for botdlB these fico ohests cannot bo surpassed; and should find great favour with tho general public. .We were also shown a very nanasomo.ocuroom buiw, nnu mo iaci that all tho pieces were manufactured and turned hut on tho' establishment shows tbnt this energetic -firm are - up-to-date In tho manufkctnro of cboieo- furniture. The snlto : 'comprises thrco pieces; The largo wardrobo has A-bpyollcd mirror glass door with prettily carved panels representing vases and flowers. The drawereare ali'fittcd with nlokel handlos. ' iThe imposing appearance and artfatla work in this piece of fatoUure would lend an at traction to any bedroom. Tho duchess toilet cheat of drawerB li also a pretty pieco of fur- ' nlture, having .hciat carved braokots. finished " with bevel plate glass mirror; two little duchess drawers, and fivo lower drawere' fitted with nioklo handles. The wash-stand is undoubt edly the" gem of 'tho three, groat taste being shown in its superb finish. -Underneath is a cnpbbdrd nicoiy-finished with carved panels. ' : Tfio' top is' laid,', with Italian marblo ; with hovelled cornices to match tho other portions "of the suite. The top is fitted with bevelled mirror, 14 x 10, supported by carved brackets In two. colors, .and finished with a graceful \- < pediment on iop. - Underneath tlioglassisa 1 row ot'tlles of roses ;in full, bloom and bud pattern - with . sprays of rnmiden hair : fern. '' This suite is a credit to.iho firm and thoir \- excellent' staff of -workmon, and ls woll worth a visit of inspection. Near' tbis suilo is another sample .of the firm's work in tho shapo of- ft well-finished dining room suite of nlno 'pieces mndo' of Tasmanian' bldckwood, ' covered in roan skins tanned in Molbourno from Australian sheep, a skin which now holds superiority In tho London market" for upholsterers work, and experts reckon they are equal to the morocco' skin from the Swiss goat. Alt these nrticlos are on view at tnc \- ' firm's Bathven-strect establishment. " Oh Wednesday last tho Postal Department in Motbourno cashed 14,408 postal notes, pre sented on. bebolt "ot . " TattcreaU," Hobart, " having' atotol value of. £6149, making the cash value of postal notes issued in Victoria during October for: sweep purposes ' nearly \- £14.000. Tub public approval has boen completely ' caught by.T; K. Lnmb and Co. in their smart and well trimnied Millinery and their up-to- 'dato blouse and summer dress materials, ail of which are marked at the usual modcrato : ' prices;, ® Oh Friday, tho 2nd lost., the Bamsay Dairy Company .celebrated the first nn'nivor i sary of their creamery bya picnic (writes our Cnmbooya: correspondent). It will bo re membered that' thb : Bitverwood Company . started acrerunory there some time ago, but owing to tho price paid for the niilk being too \- low- tho fanners abandoned the factory, with the rcsuU that it. wns closed. After some time '-the .Ramsay farmers decided to co- operate and work it' themselves, thereby dividing the profits amongst themselves. \- -The -SHverwood'a building was purchased, add operations commenced on tbo 1st Novem ber, -1899, with 11 suppliers; another one ' hns.been added, making 12.. During the \- year ioo./xa gniitum ui unit, ui o-v. ma uihm been supplied, for which tho sum of £2220 ' lias been distributed amongst the suppliers, ' . which speaks volumes for tho enterprise of tho Bamsay fanners, and also . for the con ditions "of that placo to carry on the . . dairying industry. Shortly after starting, tho Company, were promised assistance from thio "Government, but owing to some negligence in. tbo Lands Department it has not been granted yet. although tho Secretary thls.'week received a letter stating that the necessary, documents ' wore ready and were awaiting the signature of bis Exccltencyon bis return' from. tho' North. Mr. MoCafferty, a v gentleman of considerable experience, paid a high encomium oo the Bamsay cnttio in saying tbey were the best class of cattle ho had seen in the colony. Messrs. Wilimington, Parcell, and Bobbington bavo improved tbeir herds by going in for good strains, and tbey find it pays to do so. The system of paying is a Danish one, and -I understand Bamsay and Green- mount are tbo only two districts that pay by \- ' that syctctn. It is found to work admirably, thcaupplier getting paid for every drop of milk be brings. Tbo buitdiog is replete with ovory -up-to-date appliance for the working of the factory. A 285 gal. Laval separator driven by . .'steam does its work most satisfactory. The . . latest improved B&bcook; tester is worked. A week's milk, some of each morning, of each supplier is tested, and tbo result noted which gives general satisfaction. Tho water is sup plied from a well close by, in which is erected a pump capable of- lifting COO gallons an hoar, Tho place, both inside and out, is scrupulously clean. The Secretary, Mr. Bebblngton, lies the management of the factory, and it reflects the utmost credit on him. -The Direotors, Messrs. Porcell (Cbalr- " i u.M.itnn Wtlminrtt/in. Moroanev. and Henncssy are gentlemen of experience and energy, and much of tbo success of the factory is due to them, tho whole working . harmoniously together, and it is demonstra tive what can bo done by co-operation, and thus saving tbo middleman's profits. As before stated, tho picnic was held to ceiebrato the first year's working, of which everyone concerned hsvo reaBon to be proud. AH tho. Company with tholr wives and families and friendsossemblcd ; in a shaded spot near the Creamery, a most i pleasant day being spent. An abondanco of good things from tho establishment of T. K. Lamb A Co. satisfied tbo inner man, while games were indulged in by both old and voung. Tho ladies were mo3t attentive to the visitors. A ball wound up the proceedings, thus ending ouo of the mo3t pleasant pathor- ipgs held in Bamsay, , -Messtis. B. Sinclair A Co; advertiso another important land-salo-for Thursday, tho'20tb instant, when thoy willoffcr tho Lamingtoft Estate, known as Mr. G. Melbu6ohapr6perty. Thiscompriscs 44 magnificontallotmcnUnoar : tho Bange, with frontages to Briilgo,'Maokcn- zio; Charles, and William-streets, all tho Allotments being a quarter of an acre in area. Tho Estate is within' a Btono's throwbl -tbe bus terminus and has a good metAlledroad runniog right up to it, and as tho vendors are offering terms extending over seven years, there should bo a good demand for such de sirable allotments."' Tub Government of tho provioco of On tario, Canada, have decided to mako a grant of 160 acres of land to each mcmbor of the Canadian contingents &crving; in South Africa. A peculiarly distressing case of a young woman's mind kcoomins unhinced throuah fright occurred last week in Glen Innes (New 'South Wales). The young lady in question on Thursday last had occasion to go to an bulshcd for somo potatoes. White in tho act she caught bold of a black snnko which was roposiug among tbo tubers. Tho Sight and tbo touch of tho roptilo gave her a severe shock. Tbo caso becoming se rious she was conveyed to tho hospital, and after medical attention tbo unfortunate girl was ordered to tho asylum for tho insane, GladcsvUle, for treatment. Tin: Jowish colony of South Norwark, Con necticut, U.S.A., bas a unique law, says tho " Jowish World," relative to punishment of petty thieves. A visitor there noticed a man walking about with two hats on his head, ono over tho other. What's ho doing that for?" asked the visitor. " That," replied a nativo, " is our way of punishing potty thievery. Bo ba keen eondomncd to wear two hats where- over bo goes for two weeks, and ovoryona hero knows what tho two hats on his head signify. Wo don'thavc mueb troublo of that character ; if a man persists in transgressing tho laws wo simply drlvo him out of tho community." Tho colony now numbers four hundred. "Old Quccnsinnders in Paris during tho past+two days," says a London daily of September 19, ".would bo touched to see two famous, pioneers of Bananaiand doing tho Exhibition as jauntily as if tbey had been 60 years younger. .Sir Arthur Hodgson, in 18-12, having thrown up tho Boyal Navy, rodo away from Sydney through tho wild ranges of Now England tiil ho catno to the Darling Downs, where hosottlcdamong tho blacks, and called his station Eton Yaie, after his old school. Years afterwards, in 1859,. .Queensland was separated from Now South Wales, and Mr. Bobert Horbort, a cadet of tho Carnarvon family, becamo first i remier nnu vjoiomui oecrcuiry in xinauuna. Both Sir Bobert Herbert and Sir Arthur Hodgson are still workers, and ore now enjoy ing a holiday in tho French capital." Horse-owners will find that I. L. Hodg son's Liquid Blister never fails for fistulas, sprains, lameness, and strangles in horses. Do not procure imitations. Price 2s. - 6d. For healing cuts, wounds, and glrthgalls, Hodgson's Styptic Oil for horses and cattle. Prico 2s. 6d. Prepared only ot tbo Too- woomba Pharmacy ; established 1875. I. L. Hodgson, proprietor. Corner Buthvcn and Russoll streets. (No Branches.) ' 5 Tiieqb'b a magnificent row coming on (says tbo Sydney correspondent of tbo Melbourne "Ago") concerning our colebratiouB of tbo Governor-General's arrival. All sorts of preparations are being niado to feast and flatter all sorts of people of tbo superior class. The festivities are to last a wcok, and tho Invited guests are to come from all quarters of tho earth, and overy expense will bo chcorfnlly paid by tho New South Wales Government, acting as host. But tbcro is not so far ono slnglo word which indicates that tho general public will havo any share, excepting the payment of tho bill. Tho city of Sydnoy iB invited to'jjoln in illuminating, decorating, and giving banquets. Again, tho ratepayers will stand tho cost, and their re presentatives will swallow tho dinners. Tho Premier, it is true, said in tho House that something would bo dono In. tho way of feed ing the poor. Wo all know what that means. A rough and tumble crush, with ooarso food laid on UQwnshod planks, and a crowd killing each other in attempts to got at tho viands. What tho p'eoplo really want is n great suectacle open to all, dignified, ceremonious and onjoyablo, with tho banqueting of the privileged few at tho cxpenso of the unprivi leged many kept discreetly down and qniotiy in tho background. Amono various improvement? in totephony being luiroduccd in Glasgow by thu National Telephone Compnny is. tho party-line Bystemi under which two or more persons or firms may shnro ono metallic circuit line at a reduced rental. Briefly, tbo system is us follows Any two firms or individuals whose promises are situated within 200 yards of each other may elect to abaro ono wire between them. The company will lead a metallia wire from the exchange to tho premises of No. 1, and thence to No. 2'splaco of business or residence. In each subscriber's premises an instrument of tho Ericsson typo is fitted up, ench instrument, being provided with combination transmitter and receiver. . It a call Is wanted by cither No. 1 or No. 2 all that is necessary is to lift the combination from its rest and place tho receiver to tho car.- Immediately a lamp Is lit in tbo switch room opposite tho subscriber's number ; tho operator then goes on tho wire and asks what connection Is wanted, and after etteotlng it she rings up the subscriber asked for. When tho con versation is over the - party-lino subscriber simply places tho combination on its rest, and lamp, which is inserted in tho connecting cords, thereby indicating to the operator that tho call is completed. The operator there upon disconnects. The instruments are so arranged that if a subscriber should wish to speak with No. 1, tho operator can ring him without ringing No. 2, and in thesamo way i! No. 2 is wanted ho can bo called without ring ing No. I's bell. If four, or oven as many as eight, individuals elect to share ono wire this can bo arranged for. It will bo interesting to our renders to learn that Lord and Lady Hopetoun and their two sons, Lord HopcandHon. Charles Melbourne Hope, will arrivoatFremantlo in tho B.M.S. Victoria, will disembark and board H.M.S. Boyal Arthur, which will convoy them direct to Sydney. Their sons will remain on ooara the Victoria till her arrival at Adelaide, whence they proceed" by train to Sydney. Lord Hopetoun's staff consists of— private secre tary, Captain Waliington; assistant private secretary, Mr. Seville Gore ; military secre tary, Captain tho Hon. Claude Willoughby, Oth Lancers; aido-de-carap, Lieutenant Ber tram D. Corbet, rescrvo of officers; extra aide-de-camp, Lieutenant B. W. Duff, Forfar nnd Klncnrdino militia artillery. Mr. D. W. Brown is also comingout, but Captain Waliing ton cannot at present say what appointment ho will hold. Lord and Lady Hopoloun ore ex pected to reach Fremnntlo about 8rd Decem ber and Sydney about 10th December. Lord Hopetoun's horses coming to AustraUn by tbo Yarrawooga are 10 in number, inoluding tbroo hunters. Tjhj Australians are (says " Lloyd's Wccklyj') well known to be very great tea drinkers. In South Africa coffee is tho universal drink, but in tbo other southern group of colonies coffoo is nowhere in tho t&cq; with tea. Nor uocs mo australian consumption ot tbo iavourito boverago show signs of diminishing ; on tho contrary, it Is growiog each year. A financial contemporary points ont that in the year ended April 30 last over 30,000.0001b. was purchased by the con- Burners in theso colonies, as against 27,232,- 8i7lb. in tho prevloos yeor, and 21, 695, 5051b. in 189798. Tho Ceylqn leaf is mo3t appre ciated at present, the Imports last year of that produce being 15,549,1441b., as compared with 8,801,8391b. of Indian and C.C17,400lb. of Chinese. Tho greatest advance last year, however, was made by Indian tea, tbo ship- meats of which Increased by nearly 2.000,000 lb. The Australasian purchases from China incrcosed-by about 700,0001b., but the inroads made by Britlsh-grown tea in this trade einco 1893-91 havo reduced tbo imports from tho Celestial Empire by nearly 100 per cent, 