CHAPTER XXXII. Artlhr Fielding remained at the Castle until the luncheon-bell rang ; then' he rose reluctantly and looked at Margaret, who was arranging a bouquet of. fresh-out hot house flowers for Jessie. ' Won't you stay and lunch with us, Mr Fielding ?' Lady Alingford asked languidly ' We shall be stupidly dull', this afternoon. Yesterday there were several callers buti to day Mrs £Lynden is 'Ati home to no- ne." Arthur eagerly watched Margaret's face, she appeared to read his thoughts, ' If I shall not bore you,' he began.; but she smiled at him so sweetly that he colour ed to the roots of his hair. ' I should like to hear you read some thing to us, -Mr F elding,' she said, ' from the book of new poems which you brought for me. I have fallen under tho spell of the writer, and you read so well !' ' Do I ?' he asked, his face paling and flushing. His dreamy eyes glowed with a wild light. ' I never valued that accomplish ment until this moment, If I can give you any pleasure by reading to you my own re ward will be a divine delight !' Lady Alingford laughed pleasantly. Arthur Fielding amused her. She liked the eccentric boy. He remained to lunch, and believed himself to be on the borders of an enchanted world. Later they adjourned to a pleasant room which communicated with Margaret's boudoir. It was furnished as a music-room and library combined, and was quite a bower of beauty and rich colouring. . The furniture was elegaz-t in design and exquis ite in finish. The hangings were of delicate silk, ornamented with wreaths of lilies anid roses. The air was fragrant with the odours from a dien curiously-wrought vases filled with flowers. The window, which opened upon a noble balcony com manded a magnificent view of terraces and lawns, of garden and woodlands- while the rhythmical murmur of the sea floated pleas antly to their ears. The sun shone gloriously over all. 'I feel much as the lotus-eaters or the opium-smokers must feel !' Arthur Field ingzsaid, with a sigh of content. ' ' I heAr psuans of advancing fame in the song of the wind. I close my eyes and dream that I am .a couqueror. I do not wonder that you love Ferndale, Mrs Lyndez.;' It is paradise-a paradise not without its angel !' Lady Alingford' shook her fan at him in -mock reproof. ' What a boy you are for . making pretty speeches . Now tell us about the wonder ful one, though I cannot for the life of 'ne make out why . you can't work until you have wasted several hours every day moon 'ingabout the Ferndale gallery I' Arthur was silent-his thoughts seemed to befar away. The subject of my picture is a secret for the present,' he said at length.. '.I roam the Ferndale gallery not for inspiration, bat to discover the secret of some of the great masters -in the blending of flesh-tints.'. 'Then it is a portrait I' cried Lady Aling ford. 'I did not say so,' said Arthur, annoyed then he turned to Margaret. ' Mrs Lynden, -I -Want you'r permission to explore the centre tower. I have had. dreams of fabulous treasure .hidden away there-I do not mban gold or jewels, but works of' art. Your grandfather had the reputation of being an eccentric man. He lived many hours of the day in the centre tower, and permitted no servant to spy upon his movements. I may light upon books and paintings of groat value, and I promise not to disturb the family ghost !' Margaret understood him. He was thinking of the portrait 'of young Paul Carroll. Her heart became -colder, her face grew pale. The cruel words of Lady Natalie rang in her ears. ' My permission is granted,' Mr Fielding,' she answered. ' I have not yet asked for the keys, but I believe that they are in the library safe.' His boyish face flashed with . gratification ' To-morrow will be Sunday," he - said half regretfully. ' I will begin my explora tions on the day following. We shall see you at church, I hope ?' He lounged over the piano, and ran his fingers lightly over the keys. The music was dreamful, soulful, and his face became impassioned. Lady Alingford closed her eyes. She delighted in voluptuous ease All at once Arthur. remembered the book he had promised to read. He closed the piano and took up the volume. Margaret's name had been lovingly inscribed on the title page. His face flushed with passion. The hand writing was his own. ' My darling,' he thought-' my saint I And I am within reach of her-I could touch her band if I wished ! If I wished ? If I dared ! A new writer,' he said dreamily; ' with a lovely gift of song.' Margaret's pansy-blue eyeo were turned upon him, astri.nga sadness in their dopths. His heart seemed to leap into his throat. .How very warm it is !' remarked 'Lady Alingford drowsily.: ' I hope that we: shall not beinterrupted. Ah, I forgot that'the servants had orders r.ot to disturb us !' She closed her eyes and Arthur' began 'to Seud. His voice was musical and"'passion ate as he poured forth songs 'of adoration to a bieneficent Creator, exquisitgword-paint ing which vividly related the wonders and the beiauties of nature. [ To us ColvTIUEo. 