CHRONICLES OF CRIME. MUSEUM MEMORIALS. Gruesome Exhibits -Murderers' Skulls on Show— Lucretia Dunkley, Martin Beech and John Lynch-Horror on Horror - An Awful Re- cord — A Prayerful Murderer. IN an obscure and gloomy corner, a fitting spot, in the Australian Museum, on Hyde Park, Sydney, are a large number of human skulls gathered from many parts of the globe at various times, presumably for scientific purposes. To an ordinary ob- server the ghastly, grinning, gruesome objects seem alike, and the novice is only able to understand the distinctions by the labels which indicate the country where the owner of the skull lived and had his being. In the most obscure corner, on the right-hand end of the topmost shelf, con- spicuously labelled, are three, one of a female and two of males, and in which our interest centres just now. These are the skulls of persons executed at Berrima in 1842, Lucretia Dunkley, Martin Beech and John Lynch : the two former for the murder of Henry Dunkley, husband of the woman, and the latter for the murder of Kerns Landrigan, a farm laborer. The latter, however, was only one of Lynch's atrocities, the wretch having confessed to six other murders. In September, 1842, a well-to-do farmer named Henry Dunkley, was missed by his neighbors from his farm at Gunning. In the early forties, a man was more easily missed from his home by his neighbors, than in these populous days. That Dunkley was fairly well off in this world's goods is evidenced in the fact that he kept a couple of servants about his home, and was able to send wheat in loads to the nearest market. Mrs. Dunkley, when the husband's absence was remarked, explained that he had gone to Yass to attend a trial, but a servant man named Sheppard, noticed that the horse usually ridden by his master had returned to the paddock with only a bridle on. This little circumstance Mrs. Dunkley explained away by saying that her husband must have obtained another horse on the road and sent his own back. Some neighbors, how- ever, noted Beech and Mrs. Dunkley coming home, dirty-looking and weary, in the early morning. They had evidently been out during the night, and engaged in some dirty work. One man, Clark, suspected something crooked and communicated his suspicions to a resident at hand, Mr. Cooper, who came to make enquiry. At this time Mrs. Dunkley, Beech and Sheppard were absent at Goulburn, selling a load of wheat. Cooper followed the trio to Goulburn and communicated his sus- picions to the magistrate there. This func- tionary ordered the arrest of the three. Beech was detained in irons in Goulburn Gaol, Mrs. Dunkley and Sheppard being taken in a cart to Yass, Gunning was then in that police district. From Yass they were con- veyed to Dunkley's farm, where Mrs. Dunkley strongly objected to the house being searched. The police, however, had merely asked her permission as a formality, and proceeded to search without further parley. Blood stains were found on the floor; and a bundle containing hand- kerchiefs, and a shirt, identified by Sheppard, as having been worn by Henry Dunkley, all stained with blood were found concealed under a bed. A fresh witness appeared upon the scene in the person of Mrs. Clark, wife of the man who first suspected wrong doing. Mrs. Clark detailed a conversation which she had had with Mrs. Dunkley, and which gave, in a few words, the history of the tragedy. On September 14th, at midnight, Martin Beech entered the bedroom of Dunkley and wife, both being in bed, husband asleep, wife wide awake. Beech lighted a candle and laid it upon the table ; he then produced an axe, which he quickly raised over his head, and with a swift blow buried it in the skull of the sleeping man, Mrs. Dunkley sitting up in bed a witness of the horrible deed. She made some remark to Beech as to the murder being found out, to which he replied that he had murdered someone at home and had never been found out, nor would the murder of Dunkley be found out either. He struck the head again twice with the axe. The callous scoundrel then desired the woman to bring the 'chamber,' over which he held the head of the murdered man to allow the blood to flow in. The pair then wrapped the body in a blanket and carried it to a hole 300 yards away from the house. The corpse was thrown in, some logs piled on top, and the whole covered over with earth. The pair then returned to the farm house and 'enjoyed a hearty breakfast.' As usual the woman was the first to give in. She detailed how, previous to the murder, Beech had loaded a musket in case Dunkley should prove to be awake and show fight, and as a further precaution in case some one should intrude before tho deed was con- summated. Dunkley and Beech, associates in crime, set themselves out to enjoy their new-found freedom. They sent Sheppard into Gunning on several occasions for rum. It was on returning from one of these errands that Sheppard found his employer's horse at home and questioned Mrs. Dunkley on the matter. She was able for the time to satisfy him, but as shown above the crime was clumsily done and discovery easy. Dunkley's body presented a shocking spec- tacle ; the head and face were completely smashed in, and hut for the clothing could not have been identified. Beech was asked to touch the body, but shrank from the ordeal. Not so the widow, she assisted to lay the body out as if her husband had died the most natural of deaths. She appears to have been a heartless wretch, as on the way to Yass she sang songs and passed ribald jests with her custodians. She admitted that it was her intention to have sold off all her husband's belongings, to have married Beech, and to have settled three or four hundred miles up country. But man pro- poses, God disposes. The man Sheppard, who had no knowledge of the murder, though his suspicions were strong, when camping out on the road to Goulburn with the load of wheat, heard Dunkley and Beech plotting to murder him. Pretending sleep, but with one eye open, he watched the pair so closely that they had not a shadow of a chance to carry their scheme into operation. Martin Beech was a tall, good-looking man, 30 years of age, a native of Kings County, Ireland. He had been employed on the Pomeroy Estate and had just obtained his ticket-of-leave before taking service with Dunkley. Mrs. Dunkley was a native of Wales, a masculine woman, and had been transported for life. The pair were hanged together. As they lived closely in life, so in death their skulls are not parted, and possi- bly their bodies occupy the same unhal- lowed grave, if they were not given up entirely for dissection. From the circumstances under which the colony was originally peopled and the per- sistency with which, for tixty-five years, the British Government dumped its worst criminals on our shores, it cannot be wondered that New South Wales and Van Dieman's Land have produced some of the most bloodthirsty murderers that ever underwent the extreme penalty of the law. The convict system, its management being in the hands of ignorant and cruel officials, was not calculated to have a reforming in- fluence upon tho criminal even were he in- clined to mend his ways. Out of the great majority of lite convicts, the 'systsm' and its officials knocked every spark of feel- ing, or what little was left after the prisoners' experience on board a convict ship. Among the many criminals whose deeds in cold blood have shocked the country was the owner of the third skull in this interest- ing group, John Lynch. This wretch was transported from Cavan, Ireland, in 1831, or robbery, the term of his exile being 14 years. Curiously enough, in the same ship there came his father, under a life sentence for manslaughter. Four years after arrival Lynch junior was placed upon trial for the murder, in company, of a fellow-convict on an estate near Berrima, on which they had all been living as assigned servants. The murdered man had been beaten to pulp with heavy sticks, the murderers endeavoring to destroy the evidence of the crime by fire. The chief witness against the accused appeared in the witness box in a drunken condition, which made his testimony of no value, the result being an acquittal for the prisoners. This intoxi- cated witness was the overseer of the estate, and some year after was himself tried for murder. John Lynch went from bad to worse, and 11 years after his arrival in bond, was tried for the murder of a man named Londregan, convicted and hanged. The day before his execution, he made confession to Mr. Bowen, Police Magistrate at Berrima, of several murders committed in cold blood, and for gain. The crimes of the late lamented Deeming and our friend Frank Butler pale before a recital of the deeds of blood indulged in by Lynch. The first two murders to which Lynch confessed were those of a white man and a black boy whom he met on the Goulburn- Sydney road, and whose company he kept for some distance. The two were in charge of a dray belonging to Mr. T. Cooper, laden with bacon and other produce for the Sydney market. (Mr. Cooper being the same gentleman to whom Clark disclosed his suspicions of the murder of Dunkley some months later. ) Lynch killed both with an axe as they lay asleep, hid the bodies, and continued the journey to Sydney, where he sold the produce. On returning to the country with the bullocks and empty dray, he fell in with a father and son, Frazer by name, who were in charge of a horse team and dray belonging to Mr. Bawtree. The trio camped together, and Lynch, by careful pumping, succeeded in extracting a lot of information as to Bawtree's business and the value of the cargo on the dray. They travelled together next day, and that night camped at Bargo Brush, twenty-five years after to become historic as the spot where a number of long-sentenced prisoners made an attempt to escape from custody while being conveyed from Berrima to Dar- linghurst. In that fight for freedom a con- stable was shot dead, one of the prisoners being hanged for the crime, and the others sent into penal servitude for life, nominally; they were all set at liberty after some years, and many of them are alive in Sydney now). To Bargo Brush that night came a horseman enquiring for Cooper's dray. An evasive answer was given and next morning Lynch proceeded to lose the bullock. A woman and two men had joined the camp the night before and Lynch absented himself long enough to allow these to leave, knowing that Frazer and his son would wait for him, as he was useful in urging the horses on. When he returned to camp he made excuse that the bullocks must have strayed towards their home at Berrima, and it was agreed that the empty dray should be left, and Lynch join the Frazers. That night they encamped on the flat the other side of Cordeaux's Hill. In the morn- ing young Frazer went over the hill to get his horses, and Lynch volunteered to go with him, concealing a tomahawk up his coat sleeve. When opportunity offered the bloodthirsty ruffian struck the unsuspicious lad one blow and killed him. Lynch then returned to the elder Frazer and began yarning. After a while the father became anxious for the lad's return, and prepared to go and seek him. As he turned his head Lynch's axe did its deadly work. With a spade from the dray he dug graves and buried both bodies. Methodical scoundrel ! He camped on the same spot that night, and in the morning moved on to the farm of an old man named Mulligan, whose family consisted of a woman who lived with him and was known as Mrs. Mulligan, her son, aged 18, and a daughter aged 14 years. Among the stores on Frazer's dray were some chests of tea. One of these Mrs. Mulligan desired to purchase, although she knew that the goods were only in Lynch's charge as carrier. The scoundrel pretended to make a bargain merely to ascertain what money the family possessed. He ascertained that the sum total was above £10. Next day he gave a £1 note and sent to Gray's public-house for grog. That night they drank and made merry. Lynch had bad thoughts, and was undecided what to do. The ruffian actually went out into the clear, calm moonlight and prayed Almighty God to direct him! Mulligan, it appears, and Lynch had previous dealings, the former out-witting the latter, and Lynch de- sired revenge. By various devices he separated the four members of Mulligan's family and axed each ! The next difficulty was how to get rid of the bodies. He de- termined on fire, a pile of logs, the four bodies atop. When alight, the wretch expressed surprise at the brilliancy of the fire. "The bodies flared up as if they had been so many bodies filled with fat." In the morning the heap appeared like slacked lime. He then burned Mulligan's extra clothing, and made some alterations in the house, his game being to give out that he had purchased the property from Mulligan, farm, horses and cattle. To blind the neighbors, Lynch went about inquiring what manner of man Mulligan was, as he had purchased the farm, etc., from him in Sydney and found that the stock was not what it should be. Lynch then went to Sydney to the 'Gazette' office, and pre- tending to be Mulligan, advertised that his wife had absconded, and that he would not be responsible for her debts. He then wrote letters— still as Mulligan— to several persons in the neighborhood of the farm, being chiefly about money matters. When Lynch returned, these items were given him as so much news, and people sympathised with poor Lynch as being the victim of a dishonest scoundrel. He then wrote a letter to himself as from Mulligan, dated from Illawarra, which he gave a friend to post at Campbelltown. The friend, however, posted it at Liverpool, which little error sat the police magistrate thinking, and was the means of bowling over the astute Lynch. The letter, however, satisfied the neighbors for the time being. A man on the next farm- having Fisher's ghost in memory — had asked some awkward questions, but was so satisfied that he offered Lynch his daughter in marriage. The mur- derer succeeded in blinding everybody, even an officer of police and three troopers, who called at the house after the murder, went away satisfied. Lynch was now, so he said, comfortably settled ; he had improved the farm, had determined to clear more land and live decently and honestly ! He had engaged a man and wife— Barnet— to assist him, and these people, strange to say, he did not kill. Returning home on one occasion— February 18, 1842— he camped on the north side of Razorback, where he was accosted by a strange man, who said that he was an im- migrant from the north of Ireland, had quarrelled with his wife and left her. As Lynch wanted help he engaged this man at £15 for six months work. This was Londre- gan, for whose murder he was hanged. He had no sooner engaged Londregan than he regretted it, but steeped as he was to the lips in crime, he was afraid to break his agreement with him in case court work might arise and inquiries be made. He took the first opportunity of planting a toma- hawk in Londrogan's skull. He stripped the body, hid it, but it was discovered next day. Lynch's time had come. Chief Justice Dowling tried him. The Attorney-General, Plunkett, sheeted home the crime, and on a bright autumn morning in 1842 the hang- man at Berrima did the rest. 