FIRST — NORTH COAST COMPANY. I A few pertinent questions. 'Is the N. C. Company the only Co. trading on the Australian coast T' ' What do the Manningites think of the freight charges (passenger and goods) of the said Co V' ' Have they, at any time, tried to induce any other Company to run a boat in opposition to the N. C. Co 1' ' If so, did the other Co. com ply with their request V Did the op position boat receive the unanimous support of the Manningites — if not, why?' 'Do the Manningites think the present boat suitable for passenger traffic?' 'Are they, for all time, satisfied to herd with pigs ; and when in Sydney ;take umbrage, because the elite of Sydney, are very often ' not at home to them 1' Will they not, as a free people, throw off this yoke of serfdom to the N. C. Co. ; demand a boat suitable to the requirements of the passenger traffic, and a charge pro portionate to the charges of other equally important companies 1' If they are alive to the interests of them selves, as well as to their off-spring, the answer will he emphatically 'Yes.' Let us look into a few of tlie most important points of this company. How long they have had the important trade of the Manning River district is more than I have the least idea of ; but, I am given to understand, tbey Imvr* had it Inner finnurh to make Knch reasonable concessions as their patron6, the Manningites, in justice to them selves, should demand. Every shilling of our farmers' money is sweat-earned, and they should turn it over often be fore parting with it. In some in stances our farmers are close-fisted enough — instances in which I should like to see them more generous. But in this instance (of N. C. Co.'s charges) they are lavish to recklessness. Why, apathy or diffidence? Fancy this company charging our farmers 1 /- per bag for their maize from the river to Sydney — a 17 hours' trip in their struggling, surging boat, which should be with our up-to- date boats a 14 hours' trip— and all other produce is charged proportionately dear. then again, the backward charge is equally exhorbi tsnt. It is a very small parcel you will get by the company's boat for 3s — in fact, the carriage by water often exceeds the cost price of the ar tide bought., And again, look at the passenger fare, £1 5s for a 17 hours' trip ; which should be, as 1 said, a 14 hours' trip. The company even make the passengers pay for the slowness of their aaci--nt built boats — to say no thing about very often dragging them into Newcastle, over two bars, both dangerous enough iu any weather. Truly, very nioe treatment for the hitherto patient, suffering Manning ites. Many passengers, who are had sailors, scarcely taste food, and stay on deck the whole trip. To make matters worse, especially from the Manning to Sydney, passengers have to stand the stench of between three ana four hun dred pigs, wjjjph, I am given to under stand, are subject to the same laws of nature as suffering humanity, that feel disease and seasickness. It must be nWfiunt ta hn in t.hn nnmnnnv of tlm aforesaid number of pigs, all casting up accounts at the same time. Again, with regard to freight, when the bubonic rat; drove the company's boat from it original berth to pastures new. Although the company knew the re moval was temporary, still they had to pile on the agony by increasing the rate of freight they — said ten per cent., but what do the Mannibgites say ? Not even this small concession (if you call it a con cession^ would the fat North Coast Company grant you. I trust that the company will arise to the emergency, and put on a boat — not only suitable to the produce freight, but for the passenger trade, which iB of equal im portance. Otherwise, I trust the Manningites will arise to the occasion, and this time finally dismiss the Morlb Coast Company ; and let them see that, other companies are prepared lo treat the Alanningites us u free and independent people, and willingly grant to them what they grant to other dis tricts not of the commercial importance uf the Manivng River district-. TIltiES V, OlllfON'IGLK OR CIlHONICLlI V, TIMES. I was going to say, I could not, for the life of me understand how it is that, with two journals, such as the Wing ham Chronicle and the Mantling Times, the wants of a district are so neglected, or applications for the removal of obnoxious injustices remain unheeded ; but oh second thoughts, had I said so, your readers would after what I have written, classed me among the list of Editors, methink I see you sniff the air as the war horse of old, the Bufus blood mount to your cheeks, the fire mount to your eyes, and all other indi cations of a war to the death, overcome your usually placid features ; but calm your ruffled feathers and await develop ments. I could not accuse' you, nor j.tur journals, for tliis neglect of tlie requirements of the Manningites ; as I believe, from first impressions, for, mind vou I am a phrenologist, as well as a philanthropist, that you would spare neither time trouble nov expense to advance the interests of what you hold most dear, ' The welfare of the Manning District.' So to let you know that I am not writing at random, I will say that I do know wily the wants of the Manning are so neglected. My former answer, apathy or diffidence, not of the Editors of our esteemed journals, but the Manningites. An old proverb is : ' The pen is mightier than the sword,' but in this instance the pen is useless unless backed by the sinew and brain of those behind the press, 'the people.' I maintain that, if you keep this matter before the Directors of the North Coast Company ably assisted by our local editors, this glaring injustice will amicably dis appear and in a short time you will have a boat plying between you and the metropolis, that will be be a credit to the Company, and a source of pride to yourselves. Ab actu ad posse valet Gonseeulio, or iUalio (it is fair to agree from what has been, to what may be. PARLIAMENT GOING TO MEET. It am, so it am, and our £300ters frightened to face the Bubonic, I won't say plague, for the term is petrifying, and might give some of our members a paralytic stroke, and how could we get on without them. 'Gobs,' they ought to go with me to South Africa, and I would have company across the Sahara. I thought all our members of parliament were patriots so Lyne said, 'Gobs' I give him credit for telling the truth, but why dop't he sav what he means Patriots 7000 miles out of the range of a Boer gun. A man frightened of a bubonic rat ; ghost 1 wouldn't he skud from a mauser bullet. And how our members pitched into those few Lancers whose duty and business compelled them to return. Where are you Lancers 1 ' Give them bubonic rate now glory, Georgie Porgie, thought you were dead ! thought you were gone to South Africa ! thought old Kruger was get ting lean picking your bones ! thought everything but the right. Good job people are paid for thinking for me. But ' old man' here you are again, very much alive and kicking, sharpen ing the sword and preparing for the fray. He says he is going to give the ' Guv' fits. Well, if he don't, I hope he gets a' fit to go and hunt up old Kruger, make friends with him, find out where he keeps all those millions of sovereigns, and borrow about five millions, then present my compliments to Lord Robeets and ask him for my sake to give liim a start back to Aus tralia out of one of these Boer Long to pay for those bubonic rats, and our patriotic Ms. P. By-the-bye Johnnie Lyne is very busy with that R.C. hunting up past expenditures, but he took very good care he wouldn't give you the ghost of a show for fair play. He just reckons he is going lo squash you over your bookkeeping, but I rec kon it will take two Lyons and a leo pard to squash genuine Democratic Georgia In the meantime, as soon as you bump into your seat, make a de mand for accounts of all moneys spent during recess to be laid upon the table of the House. We're just dying to see the ' bill of fare.' Glory, it will paralyse some of us. Well, Georgie, I have no time to say any more to yon just now, (and I might be told to take this to where I came from and get it printed). If it appears in print mind you, if you do not send. Patriotic Federated Bubonic Avenger to the right-about, then you and I are sworn enemies for life and you will never more be ' Democratic Georgie' for me. BELLA, HOBR1DA BELLA. True in sound and true in signifi cance. Let us sketch it out from ima gination, and try to realise it in all its horror. What is war J What is death ? What distinction can you draw be tween them. This death is heaven compared to the horrors of war. In death a man is surrounded by wife fa mily, friends, or lover, as the case may be. His every want is alleviated al most before uttered, and he dies peace fully in the arms of those he loves. But war! Look a few short months back at the soldiers of the Empire as they leave their native lands for that of South Africa. Look at the dazzling uniform and accoutrements, and happy faces as tbelr Queen and country make - the air resound with tlie hearty send off accorded to the d( parting heroes^ and such a stamp of men. Strong, healthy, robust, young and handsome. They arrive at their destination, and a few Bhort months there, and W ftfct a change. Who -would know this ,'.gaj iants of a few months ngo, or those who are left of thein — for too well do we remember the thousands whose bones ., are bleaching in South Africa. And what deaths, and what misery before death tliey have gone through. Rag ged, bootless, half-starved the greater part of their time ; and, oh ! the agon ising deaths of thousands. Arms and legs shot off, aces, side of the head, also, bulleis through their bodies — many poor wretches in their agonies have, in tearing up t he ground, torn the nails from their hands. But horror of horrors, let us for the present draw a veil, and conclude by saying, may God be merciful lo the souls of the soldiers in South Africa who are hourly appearing before him. 