NNW CHURCH AT ADAMSTOWNr The Foundation-stone Laid. The laying of the foundation-stone of the new churoh for Adams town (writes our Newcastle cor respondent) took place on Sunday in the presence of a large gathering of people. The ceremony was preceded by Mass in the Carrington Hall (which has been used since the destruction of the church by the cyclone some few months ago as a school and churoh). The Rev. Father Murphy, the priest in charge of thiB parish, celebrated MaBS, and his Lordship Bishop Dwyer performed the ceremony of blessing and laying the foundation-stone. The sum of £20 was placed on the stooe, £5 of which was given by the children attending the school, who marched up and contributed this sum in small dona tions. The total cost of the building will be £427, and already the sum of £335 has been received, leaving a balance of £92. Unlike the old building, which was of wood, the new structure is to be of brick on a substantial stone foundation, with twice the seating capacity of the old building. The design is a very pretty one, and apart from its use the school- church will be an ornament to the town The site is on a beautiful rise fronting the main road to Lake Macquarie. In the cavity of the stone (which was presented by Mr. G. P. Lock) was placed a parohment bearing the following in scription : — 'In the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost, This foundation-stone of a church to be built to the honour of Almighty God under the invocation of St Columbkille, Abbot, was blessed and laid by the Right Rev. Patrick Vincent Dwyer, Titular Bishop of Zoara, and Co adjutor to the Bishop of this Diocese of Maitland, the Right Rev. James Murray, D.D., on the 15th day of July, in the year of Our Lord one thousand nine hundred, in the pontificate of Pope Leo XIII., and the reign of Queen Victoria, Earl Beauchamp being Governor of New South Wales, William Court; Mayor of Adamstown, the Rev. Patrick Murpny rector or uus pansn oi xjutwooo, in the presence of a large gathering of the faithful and of the school children, all of whom contributed liberally towards the building of the church.' Dr. Dwyer in a very effective spsech thanked the people for the liberal way in which they responded to the oall made upon them. His Lordship took the opportunity of making a feeling reference to the family of the little child Hill, who lost his life whan the old wooden structure was wrecked during the cyclone which passed over this district in November last. The new building will be used as a church and school. Mr. F. B. Menkins is the architect, and Mr. E. Bartley is the contractor, both of this dis trict. 