A BLUNDEKING GHOST. A youug man much addicted to practical joking weut upon one occasion to visit his uncle, who was the vicar of a small rural village in the West of England. Some short time after his arrival he began to realise that existence in the dead-and-alive little place was extremely monotonous, and found that time had never hung so heavily upon hia hands before. Later on, however, it occurred to him that he might obtain some amuse ment from the village folk, and he according ly floured hiB face, attired- himself in a large winding sheet, and took his post behind a high, gaunt tombstone in the churchyard one For more than half-an-hour he waited there momentarily expecting some unwary villager to pass that way. But it was late and at that hour the timid country people shunned the lonely path with superstitious dread. Consequently the disgusted ghost was about to retrace his steps disappointedly to the vicarage, when lie espied the recumb ent figure of the gravedigger. who, being a hot disclaimer of the blue ribbon, had lost control over his lower limbs. The glidisg ghost passed and repassed him several times, breaking the stillness of the night with -sighs and conscience-cursed .groans. Tiie helpless man, however, evinced no terror, strangely enough.and in disjointed words presently demanded, ' What may your name be V This wag a puzzler, indeed; bat noting, by ibe aid of the moonlight, the large letters inscribed on a tombstone near at hand, the ghost made answer — ~ ' I am the spirit of Josiah Jarvis !'' ' Goa on !' was the incredulous retort. £ didn't ax 'ee fur to — to tell no lies.'r ' ' I am the spirit of Josiah Jarvis J' re peated the ghost; in impressive, though sepulchral tones. ' Then I tell 'er yon bain'tl' roared the iron-nerved gravedigger. ' Josiah Jarvis only *ad one leg, an* I reckon na wan liked un well enuff fur to fetch t* other 'erne from the Crimea, where he left un, jus' to let til* ol* fvlla exercise the pair in prowlin' an* traniplin over the graves o' Oiisliun folks tliisli lime o' night '.' ? ' 