NIGHTMARE TOUCH. By Laecadio Heaey. Probably the fear of ghosts, as well as the belief in them, had its beginning in dreams. It is a peculiar fear. No other fear is so intense; yet none is so vague. Feelings thus voluminous and dim are super-individual mostly—feelings in- herited—feelings made within us by the experience of the dead. . . . Now I venture to state boldly that the common fear of ghosts is the fear of being touched by ghosts, or in other words, that the imagined supernatural is dreaded mainly because of its imagined power to touch. Only to touch, remember! not to wound or to kill. But this dread of the touch would itself be the result of experience, chiefly, I think, of prenatal experience stored up in the individual by inheritance, like the child's fear of darkness. And who can ever have had the sensation of being touched by ghosts ? The answer is simple: Everybody who has been seized by phantoms in a dream. Elements of primeval fears—fears older than humanity—doubtless enter into the child terror of darkness. But the more definite fear of ghosts may very possibly be com- posed with inherited results of dream- pain — ancestral experience of night- mare. And the intuitive terror of supernatural touch can thus be evolu- tionally explained. Let me now try to illustrate my theory by relating some typical experiences. When about five years old I was condemned to sleep by myself in a certain isolated room, there after always called the Child's Room. (At that time I was scarcely ever men- tioned by name, but only referred to as " the Child.") The room was narrow, but very high, and, in spite of one tall window, very gloomy. It contained a fireplace wherein no fire was ever kindled ; and the Child suspected that the chimney was haunted. A law was made that no light should be left in the Child's Room at night-—simply because the Child was afraid of the dark. His fear of the dark was judged to be a mental disorder requiring severe Treatment. But the treatment aggravated the disorder. Pre- viously I had been accustomed to sleep in a well-lighted room, with a nurse to take care of me. I thought that I should die of fright when sentenced to lie alone in the dark, and—what seemed to me then abominably cruel—actually locked into my room, the most dismal room of the house. Night after night when I had been warmly tucked into bed, the lamp was removed; the key clicked in the lock; the protecting light and the steps of my guardian receded together. Then an agony or fear would come upon me. Something in the black air would seem to gather and grow—I thought that I could even hear it grow—till I had to scream. Screaming regularly brought punishment; but it also brought back the light, which more than consoled for the punishment. This fact being at last found out, orders were given to pay no further heed to the screams of the child. Why was I thus insanely afraid ? Partly because the dark had always been peopled for me with shapes of terror. So far back as memory extended, I had suffered from ugly dreams; and when roused from them I could always see the forms dreamed of, lurking in the shadows of the room. They would soon fade out; but for several moments they would appear like tangible realities. And they were always the same figures. . . . Sometimes, without any preface of dreams, I used to see them at twilight time—following me about from room to room, or reaching long dim hands after me, from story to story, up through the interspaces of the deep stairways. They were not like any people that I had ever known. They were shadowy dark- robed figures, capable of atrocious self-distortion, of growing up to the ceiling, and then across it, and then lengthening themselves, head downwards, along the opposite wall. Only their faces were distinct; and I tried not to look at their faces. I tried also in my dreams—or thought that I tried—to awaken myself from the sight of them by pulling at my eye- lids with my fingers; but my eyelids would remain closed, as if sealed..... Many years afterward, the frightful plates in Orfila's " Traite des Exhumes," beheld for the first time, recalled to me with a sickening start the dream terrors of childhood. Nevertheless the mere sight of those nightmare faces was not the worst of the experiences in the Child's Room. The dreams always began with a suspicion, or sensation of something heavy in the air—slowly quenching will —slowly numbing my powers to move. At such times I usually found myself alone in a large unlighted apartment; and, almost simultaneously with the first sensation of fear, the atmosphere of the room would become suffused, half way to the ceiling, with a sombre yellowish glow, making objects dimly visible— though the ceiling itself remained pitch black. This was not a true appearance of light: rather it seemed as if the black air were changing color from beneath. . . Certain terrible aspects of sunset, on the eve of storm, offer like effects of sinister color. .... Forthwith I would try to escape (feeling at every step a sensation as of wading), and would some- times succeed in struggling halfway across the room; but there I would always find myself brought to a standstill —paralysed by some indominable oppo- sition. Happy voices I could hear in the next room ; I could see light through the transom over the door that I had vainly endeavored to reach ; I knew that one loud cry would save me. But not even by the most frantic effort could I raise my voice above a whisper. . . And all this signified only that the Nameless was coming, was nearing, was mounting the stairs. I could hear the step, booming like the sound of a muffled drum, and I wondered why nobody else heard it. A long, long time the haunter would take to come, malevolently pausing after each ghostly footfall. Then, without a creak, the bolted door would open, slowly, slowly, and the thing would enter, gibbering soundlessly — and put out hand—and clutch me—and toss me to the black ceiling—and catch me descending, to toss me up again, and again, and again. ... . . In those moments the feeling was not fear — fear itself had been torpified by the first seizure. It was a sensation that has no name in the language of the living. For every touch brought a shock of some- thing infinitely worse than pain—some- thing that thrilled into the innermost secret being of me, a sort of abominable electricity, discovering unimagined capacities of suffering in totally un- familiar regions of sentiency. . . . . This was commonly the work of a single tormentor; hut I can also remember hav- ing been caught by a group, and tossed from one to another, seemingly for a time of many minutes. Whence the fancy of those shapes ? I do not know. Possibly from some impression of fear in earliest infancy; possibly from some experience of fear in other lives than mine. In an interview with a correspondent of the "Express," Mr O'Brien, M.P.. prophesied that the Irish party wohld " matte things hum, as of yore," bv every means, constitutional' and Hiber nian, the wit of Irishmen could devise. Henceforth and for ever, the Irish M.P.'s are-to live in amity, combined as one team, for the Home Rule goal. In Mr O'Brien's words : " Every man will be made to toe the line " for a grand charge against the Government, who -may expect many a rhetorical rumpus to enliven the proceedings at St. Stephen's. " If the Liberal party cannot unite, we can. and will. We will," went on Mr O'Brien, " clamor for Home Rule from all the ends of the earth, in session and out of session, until we get it." " And then?." "We shall be contented, and for hate of England we shall substitute i love." " Of course," said the " Ex* j press " representative," " the Tories will never give you Home Rule ? " ".I am not so sure of that," was the reply, i " One thing is certain, they can." ' 