JANET AND THE DEVIL A WEIRD SCOTCH TALK OP WITCHCRAFT AND DKMONO LOGY. The Bev. Murdoch Soulis was long minis ter Of the moorland parish of Bulweurv, in the Vale of Dule. A severe, bleak-faced old m.n dreadful to his hearers, he dwelt in the last vears of his life without relative, or servant, or any human company, in the .mail and lonely manse under the Hanging Shaw. In spite of the iron composure of his ' features, his eye was wild, scared, and un certain; and when be dwelt, in private admonitions, on the future of the impenitent, it seemed as if his eye pierced through the storms of time to the terrors of eternity. The manse itself, where it stood by the water of Dale, among some thick trees, with the Shaw overhanging it on one side, and on the other many cold, mooiland hill tops rising toward the sky, had begun at a very early period of Mr Soulis' ministry to be avoided in the dusk hours by all who valued them selves upon their prudence; and gudeuen Bitting at the ale house shook their heads together at the thought of passing late by that dreary neighborhood. There was one spot, to be more particular, which was re garded with especial awe. The manso stood between the high road and the water of Dule. The house was two stories high, with two large rooms on each. It opened not directly on the garden, but on a causewayed path, or passage, giving on the road on one hand, and closed on the other by the tall willows and elders that bordered on the stream. And it was this strip of causeway that enjoyed among the young parishioners or Balwearv so infamous a reputaiiou. The minister walked there often after dark, sometimes groaning aloud in the intensity of his un spoken prayers; and when he was from home, and the manse door was locked, the more daring school boys ventured, with heating hearts, to "follow my leader across that legendary spot. Many, even of the people of the parish, were ignorant of the cause of the minister s strange Iooks and solitary life. Fifty years before, when Soulis camu first intoB-ilweury, he was still a young man, full of book-leurn in1- and gruDd at expounding it, but, as was natural in so young a man, with no experi ence as a pastor. The younger sort were greatly taken with his talk ; but old con cerned, serious men and women were moved even to prayer for the young man, whom thev took to be a seif-deceiver, and the parish that was like to be eo ill-supplied. There was no .doubt, anyway, but that Mr Soulis hud been a long time at college. Ho was careful and troubled for many things beside the one thing needful. He had a great number of books with him—more, than had ever been seen before in all that presbytery ; and hard work the carrier had with them, for they were all like to have stopped behind in the Deil's Hag, between Balwcary and Kilraakerlie. He desired to got au old, decent woman to keep the manse fur him, and see to his dinners ; and he was recom mended to an old crone—Janet M'Clour, they called her. There were many advised him to the contrary, for Jnnet was more than suEpected by the best folk in Batweiiry, XiODg before that she had had a child to a dragoon ; she had not eoino to communion for may be thirty years ; and boys had seen her mumbling to herself up on Key's Loan in the gloaming, which was an unusual timo and plase for a God-fearing woman. How ever, it was the laird himself that had first told the minister of Janet; and in those days he would have gone a great way to please the laird. "When folks told him that JaDet was sold to the devil, it was all super stition, he said. When it got about the village that Janet M'Clour was to he servant at the manse, the folks were fairly mad with both him and her ; and eome of the women had nothing better to do than get xonnd ber door-steps and charge her with all that was koown against her, from the soldier's child to John Tamsou's two cotws. Up she got, and there was not an old story in Balwearv but she made somebody smart for it that day; they couldn't say one thing, hut she could say two to it, till, at last, the —udewives caught hold of her and clawed the clothes off her back, and pulled her down the road to the water of the Dule, to see if she ■were a witch, and would sink or swim. The hag shrieked till you could hear her at the Hanging Shaw, und she fought hard. There was many a gudewife bore the market her next day and many along day after; und just in the hottest of the hubbub, who should come up but the new minister. " Women," said he (and he had a grand voice), " I charge you in the Lord's name to let her go." Janet ran to him—she was fairly wild with terror—and clung-to him, and prayed him, for Christ's sake, to save her from her tormentors ; and they, for their part, told him all that was known, and may be _ more. " Woman," says be to Janet, " is this trnef " " As the Lord sees me," says Bbo, " as the Lord made me, not a word of it. Saving the child," says she, " I've been a deceut woman all my days." " Will yon," says Mr Soulis, io the name of Cod, and before me, his unworthy minister, renounce the devil and his works ? " Well, it would appear that when he asked that, she gave a groan that fairly frightened thoEc who saw her, and they could hear her teeth grind together in her jaws ; hut lliero was nothing for it one way or the other : and Janet lifted up her hand, and renounced the devil before them all. " And now," said Mr Soulis to the good women, " home with you, one and all, and pray to God for His forgiveness." And he gave Janet bis arm, though she she had little on her but a shift, and took her up the road to her own door like a lady of the land; and her screeching and laughing was a scandal to he heard. There were "many solemn faced peoplo long over their prayers that night; but , when the morning came there was such fear ! fell upon all Balwearv that the children hid j themselves, and even the men folk stood and I peeped from their doors. For there was Janet coming down the road—she or her likeness, none could tell—with her neck disjointed, and her head on one side like a body that has been hanged, and a look on her "face like an unbailed corpse. By and bv they got used to it, and even looked at her to sec what was wrong ; but from that .day forth she could not speak like a Chris tian woman ; hut stuttered and stammered, tind the name of God never came on her Sips. Sometimes she tried to say it, but it might not be. Those that knew bcr best said least; but tbey never gave that Tiling the name of Janet M'Ciour, for the old Janet, tbey thought, was in the deepest hell by this time. But. the minister was neither > to hold nor to hind; ho preached about 1 ciothing but the crueltv of the people tliat ; hail given her'a stroke of the. palsy : he ; punished the children that tormented her, and he had her up to the manse that, same night, and dwelt there all alone with hot juicier the Hanging Shaw. About the end of June there came a spell of weather the like of which was never known before; it was close, and hot, and breathless; and yet it was gusty, too, with gusts of wind that whistled through the "•lens and hits of showers that moistened nothing. Mr Soulis could neither eat nor sleep, and when he was not writing at his weary book he would be roaming over the country-sido like a tnan possessed, when | everybody else was glad to keep cool within j the house. . ' Above the Hanging Shaw, in the bend of the Black Hill, there is a bit of inclosed ground with an iron gate, at one time the churchyard of Baiweary, and consecrated by -the papists before the blessed light shone upou the kingdom. It was a great resort of Mr Soalis's; there he would sit and consider his sermons. "Well, as he came over the west end of Black Hill one day, ho saw first two, then four, and then seven black crows flying .around and arouud above llie old church ward. They flew low and heavy, and sajuawked to one another. Ho was not easily •startled, and went straight up to the walla ; •and what did he 'see but a man, or the ap pearance of a man, sitting- in the inside upon a "rave. He was of great stature, and black bell, and his eyes were singular to see. Mr Soulis had heard of black men many times; hut there waB something forbidding about this black man that caused him to start. But up he spoke, for all of that, and said: " My friend, are you a stranger in this place?" The black man answered not a word": he got upon his feet, und hegan to walk to the wall on the far side; but lie still looked at the minister, and the minister stood and looked back, till suddenly the black man was over the wall and running for the shade of the trees. Mr Soulis, he hardly know why, ran after him, hut he was wearied with, his •walk,and the hot. unwholesome weather; and run ub he would, he got no more than a "litnpso of the black man among tho trees, till he got down to the foot of the hill-side, and there be saw bim once more, going hop step-and-jump over Dole water to the m Mr Soulis was not pleased that tbisill-look ing creature should make so free with Baiweary manse, and he ran the harder, hot 210 black man was there . to be seen. He stepped out upon the roid, but there-was ; nobody there; he went all over the garden, but saw no black man. At Inst, and it is feared a little timidly, as was bat natural, he lifted the hasp and went into the mnuee,, and there was Janet ..M'Clour before bis eyes, with her broken urr.k, «ud none loo pleased to see him, And he tlieu remembered that when first he set his eyes upon her he felt the same cold and deadly shiver. " Janet," said he, " have you seen a bluck man?" A black man ! " quoth she. " Save us all ! You are not in your right mind, minister. There is no black man in all But she did ' understand, bi^oMmped like a] the bit in its tiiotito. ""Well, Janet/? sa|< fll . black man, i baye spoken with One,'* And he sat downdjke^ih his teeth chattered in"Itf*4 u Pshaw ! " said she ; 4< think shame to yourself, minister ! " And she gave him some brandy, which she always kept by her. Soon Mr Soulis wenttnto his study amoner his books. Down he sat, and thought of all that had come and gone since ho was in Balweary. The more ho thought, the more he thought of the black man. He tried to, pray, but the words would not come to him ; and he tried, they say, to write at his book but he could not do anything at that. There were times that ho thought the black man was ut his side, and the perspiration stood on him cold as well water; and there were other times when he came to himself like a Christian child and minded nothing. The upshot was that he went to the window, and stood looking over Dulo water. The trees aro rather thick and the water lies deep and black under the manse, and there was Janet washing the clothes, with her skirts gathered about her waist. She had her back to the minister, and he, for hi3 part, hardly knew what ho was looking at. Suddenly she turned around and showed her face. Mr Soulis felt the same cold shiver as twice before 011 that day, and it reminded him of what people said, that Janet had died long, since, and this was a demon in her clay-cold fier-h. He drew back a little ami ecanued her narrowly. She was washing the clothes, singing to herself ; end, c.-h, God guide u«, but it wat a frightful face. Then she sang I louder, but there was no man horn of woman I that could tell the words of her song." And | at times sho looked sidelong down, but there was nothing there for her to look ut. There went a shudder through the flesh upon his bones, and that wus heaven's warning. But Mr Soulis just blamed himself, he said, to think so ill of a poor, oid, afflicted creature who had not a frieud but himself. And he offered up a prayer for himself and her and drank a little water—for his heart rose agaiust the meat—and went up to his bed in the gioamiug. That was a uight that has never been forgotten in Balweary, the night of tbe 17th of August, 1712. Tt had been hot before, as I have said, but that night it was hotter than ever. The sun went down among uncouth looking clouds ; not a star uor a breath of wind. You couid not see your hand before your face, and even the old folk cast the covers from their beds and lay panting for their breath. With all that he had upon his mind, Mr Soulis was troubled the good, cool bed that he got into scorched his very bones; he slept and wakened ; ho heard the time of night, aud a dog howling up the moor, as if somebody was dead ; he thought he heard devilB shout inir in his cars, and saw ghosts in the room. He must,'he thought, he sick, and sick he was—little he understood the sickuess. At last his mind got clearer, and he sat up on the bedside, and fell to thinking once more of the black man and Janet. He could not well tell how—maybe it was the cold to his feet—but it came in upon him, like a flash, that there was some connection between tbe ! two, and U>at either or both of them were | demons. And just at that moment in Janet's : room, which was next to his, there came a scuffle of feet, as if men were wrestling, and 1 j theu a loud bang ; then a wind went rust ling around the four quarters of the house, and then all was once raoro as silent as the grave. Mr Soulis was afraid of neither man nor devil. He got his tinder-box and lit a candle, and made three steps toward Janet's door. It was standing ajar, and he pushod it open, and walked boldly in. It was a bi«r room, as big as the minister's, and filled with grand, old, solid furniture, for he hud , nothing else. There was a four-post bed 1 | with old tapestry, and a broad cabinet of 1 oak, that was full of the minister's divinity books, put there to bo out of the way, and a j few clothes of Janet's lying hero and there j about the floor. But no Janet could Mr j Soulis see, nor any sign, of .contention. In j he went (anu there's few that would have j followed him), and locked around and j listened. But there was nothing to be heard, 1 ! neither inside the manse nor in all Balweary | j parish, and nothing to be seen but the little j j shadows turning round the candle. And j then all at once the minister's heart fluttered I and stood stock-still, and a cold wind blew among the hairs of his head. What a weary sight was that for the poor man's eye ! For there was Janet, hanging from a nail beside the old 03k cabinet: her head lay on her shoulder, her eyes were bloody, the tongue projected from her mouth, and her heels were three feet clear above the floor. " God forgive us all ! " thought Mr Soulis ; "poor Janet's dead." He came a step nearer to the corpse, and then his heart fairly leaped in his breast. For, by what magic it would ill-beseem a man to judge, she was hanging from a single nail, and by a single worsted thread for darning hose. It was an awful thing to be alone at night with such a prodigy of darkness, but Mr Soulis was strong in the Lord. Ho turned and went his way out of that room, and locked the door behind him, and went, step by step, down tbe stairs, heavy as lead, and ; set down the candle on the table at the stair • foot. He could not praj-; he could not ! think ; lie was dripping with cold sweat, and ! nothing could he hear but the thumping of ' his own heart. He may have stood thero an hour, or may be two, be minded so little, when all of a sudden he heard a low, tm usual rustic up stairs, and a foot went to and fro in the chamber where the corpse was hanging. Next the door was opened— though he had minded well that he had locked it—and then there was a step upon the landing, and it seemed to him as if the corpse was looking over tbe rail and down upon him where he stood. ■ He took up the candle again, and, as i quickly as ho could, went straight out of the manse and to the far end of tho causeway. It was still pitch dark ; the flame of the cmdle, when ho set it on the ground, burned ! steady and clear as in a room ; nothing t moved hut the Dule water, seeping and j ! sobbing down the glen, and the unholy foot step thnti came toiling down the stairs inside ihom«n«». Ho knew the foorstep well, for it wim Janet's, and atcacli step, which came a little nearer, the cold got deeper in his vitnls. He commended bis soul to Him that made and kept him, ** and, oh, Lord," said ho, " give me strength this night to war against tho powers of evil." By this time the foot was coming through I tbe passage for tho door. Ho could hear a | hand feeling along tho wall, as if the fe&rful; thing was feeling its way. The branches I tossed and moaned together; a long sigh came over tbe hills; the flame df tho candle) was blown about; and there stood the corpse ofThrawn Janet, with her gingham gown and her black shawl, with the head still upon the shoulder, and the frown still upon the face of it—living, you wouldhave said; dead, as Mr Soulis well knew—upon the threshold of the manse. She did not stand there long. She began to move again, and came slowly toward Mr j Soulis where lie stood und:r the treed. All the life of his body and tho strength of hid spirit were starting from his eyes. It seemed she was iroing to speak, hut. wanted words, and mudo a sign with tho left hand. Thero | came a gust of wind, like a cat's paw; out went the caudle, tho tree-tops moaned like human beings, and Mr Soulis knew that, live | or die, tbis was the end of it 4* Witch, beldaine, devil! "ho cried, "l| charge you, by tbe power of God, begone ! If yoa bo dead, to the grave; if you be damned, to bell." And at that moment the Lord's own hand, out of the heavens, struck tho horror where it stood. The old, dead, desecrated corpse of the witch wife, so long kept from the grave and hustled around by devils, flashed up like .flaming brimstone, and fell in ashes to tho ground. Tho thunder came, peal on peal, followed by tbe pouring rain, and Mr Soulis leaped through tho garden hedge and ran, .^rith leap upon leup, for the village. That same morning John Christie saw tho black man pass tho Muckle Cairn as it was striking six. Before eight ho went by the inn at Knockdow ; and not long after Sandy M'Lellan saw him go slinking down the road from Kilmkerlie. There's little doubt but it was him that dwelled so loDg in Janet's body. But he was caught at last, and since then the devil has never troubled Balweary. But it was a sore dispensation . for th - minister. Long, lone ho lay ruving in hU bed, and.from that hour.to this he was'a chnngedman. . .. . 