ESor Battle/ . tALE OF THE BOER WAR. iv EDWARD A. YIDLER (COPYRIGHT.) CHAPTER I. ,j00Ii to the barn, ye blastie! and I' 1 1 come till ye," old Colin shouted 1 accents at his son, who flew like T' to X sinister tryst, for he knew nnthiM but instant obedience couiq e him now with his father in such a Campbell," came a soft voice from as the old man went into the Tto fetch the strap sacred to his Sal duties, "what's the matter now?" C that Willie, the loon! Times and j have I told him not to touch the re- „ He'll he doing himself an injury omcono else, which is worse. Slioot, ,i all day long, if he can only get away i that pistol. I. caught him this time made him put it back. R Campbell knew, by his return to . measured tones and a purer accent, her husband's quick anger avas already i and that the boy was safe this time i chastisement, so she said nothing., Inr 1 of taking down the strap from its ac- omed nail in the. tool house, old Colin d back' into the yard and went down ic barn on a more peaceable errand, tee he found the boy busily employed, re was no door to the bam, so Willie, on protecting himself from his father's ations, was laboriously piling bags of 1 in the doorway with the object of islanding a siege. Three heavy bags had idy been dragged and' rolled into posi- and a fourth was being hauled off the when tlie old man's head appeared over nncomplcted barricade, that's this, what's this, now?" said the iliar voice, but Willie was quick to de- thc less arbitrary tone, and he looked torn behind the pile where ho had hur- Slr secreted himself. The peaceful charac- |'f the voice was fully, supported by the Btnefs of the glance turned upon him Hi the doorway, and he came down meek- ram his ambush. iras throwing up entrenchments, dad. oyer got the strap?" Willie was not le decoyed out of his safe position by strategy of the foe, even though appear- s were so reassuring. io, I haven't, though ye deserve it well," the satisfactory reply, and the boy e a further approach, though still with ion. don't, dad; I don't, really," said Willie, e got to practise shooting. I'm going to mr." he war? The war? Ye're going, ye say. e here, ye young wastrel, or must I liyer?" cried his father, with some ro of anger. "What are ye saying, now?" 'm going to the war," repeated the boy, taring of triumph in his tone. "That's livas going to tell you, but you chased 'omc here. Come to yer mither," said Colin, as the boy vaulted easily over the icade. "I'm thinking she'll have some- t to say to ye on that." 'm going, dnd, I am. Mother can't stop indyou won't try. I'm in the army and volunteered," said Willie, as he follow- heold mail back to the house. "I can't ackonmy word." tou've Volunteered? That's game of ye, way, but there's others to say a word our going." key want buglers, and I've been picked, civ the calls better than Joo Summers, I was picked— Dave' Higgins and me, d go, , too, only you're , too old. , ; You- t say you wouldn't." - Willie ventured last assertion with confidence, by way aal argument. S'ay be, may he. Back with my ohl the grand old Gordons. Aweel, aweel, ye re no' lecin'. I'd go, sure ono'," and veteran straightened his back and threw his head, and stopped out as if once e marching with his 'old regiment. But feet were heavy and his walk was slow ottering, as the youthful critic behind saw at a glance. Yet his eyes shone ! grilling of the old fire, as lie gazed 1 . him, seeing nothing of the "! nich he had been well content aeary 20 years . to make his home in a and distant land. What ho saw none iself could see, hut it was not a scene eacefui toit- the fruitful orchard, the ' tlle Grassy paddocks. It was ,jng more inspiring, though less syl- l,,t V1 answor to the boy such" as of hesitation, no thought of 'ew IC' Willie- if I were but |j 5 'n; . was aH he could say— nlL he f3 tr"8t himself to say. I his Jf"" W!1,3 I"11'0 rieht In thinking I her ,!. 'ms ,t lcss re"dy to part I he mi"es1, ,orn on sneh an errand' lie diir, j6" lJut aside her work lt di,:and,6ct out with a forcible but I cctness her sound reasons for hot |n,ni1fnart. with 'the one child Wlio lit Epnm ! them in the old home, Lr: - lf her arguments weighed rrarriL ! her husband that even the Inst l,;. !as ,mcllnc4 to harden his heart Ictly , ,8 an>hitions, much as ho hinii « to encourage them. : ESo6?! 'C hy. gradually relaxed Ed llnf i Persuasion, especially when he rS aP?cala ''to Jus 'father,; even P, were lrecf f the' veteran's esprit tie' I h-w' l0r",c "me at least, unavail- t he .wCr. Colin might have do-' L m„f,„ ' a. Sfven, way in purely Ptte nt,n,aSaJ11? Wfo'a desires, and so. Ned <lf a the-brief nnd somewhat lir..cnded=in:Wlllie'B:di«. So the boy turned avvay, sorrowfully, and whistling to his dog, went off at a run to the creek, where he had a secret haunt un- knowwto everyone hut himself and the collie Roderick, and there throw himself down on a slab of bark in the privacy of a tiny cave, ' rough liewn by .him out of the clay bed, and abandoned himself to a fit of weeping which ho would have scorned to indulge in within hearing of anyone but his faithful confidant, Roderick. Thus the afternoon wore away, and tea time passed without Willie reappearing, but his parents were used to his long absences and felt no fears for his safety in the well- cultivated and by no means dangerous sur roundings of their home. But when the evening grew apace and still Willie did not return, his father set out in search of him, and by frequent "coo-ecs" soon drew the boy from his refuge. "Here, lad," said his father to him kindly, as he noted his son's abashed and woe-be- gone expression; "come along home to your supper. Ye must he starving." "I'm not hungry, dad; but I'll eome home and go to bed," and he ran on before his father, and had reached homo and crawled into his room through the window to avoid his mother's questions, long before old Colin's less active legs had brought him back to the house. Then, finding that Willie had not joined his mother, the old man went to the door of the boy's bedroom and called to him to come, and have . some supper; for the por ridge was ready. But' Willie was pot to be drawn out of the privacy of his grief that niglit, for what docs a broken heart want with porridge?" Though his mother said nothing when she found that the boy refused to be comforted, it must not be supposed that she hardened her heart against him. On the contrary, that night was as sleepless to her as it was to him, and more full of doubts and per plexities than Willie's was of disappoint ment and grief; but it had a result satisfac tory to both her husband and the boy if not to herself, for in the silent dark hours ot the night she wrestled with her love in an unequal contest- When the morning dawned she was re solved. She dare not forget that her hus band was an old soldier; more than that, he was an old Gordon Highlander; and more than that again, lie was a survivor of that brigade who had let panic seize them when the hail of Boer bullets poured upon them from the summit of Majuba Hill in the ill- fated campaign of 1881. Of that terrible episode he had never spoken, hut that it was ever present in his memory she knew when in his restless sleep his voice was sometimes heard muttering scraps of recollections of the memorable defeat, always tinged with bitterness. Uor had that night been free from the whispered cry of "Majuba! Maju ba!. Avenge Majuba!" or the name of the dead general slain in the moment of his failure. What this new war meant to the veteran- she could well understand, though lie had spoken but little on the subject, and she knew that had it only rested with him their son would willingly, nay eagerly, have been sent forward in response to that call to arms which no man of the "ninety-tivas" dare disobey. So she was resolved to withdraw her oppo sition to their son's desire, the more readily as she believed it certain that his. personal dangers would be of the slightest, nnd when they met at the breakfast table that morn ing there was more than one proud and hopeful heart among thcin, and at least one exultant ill the pride of liis dearest ambi tion. CHAPTER n. An indefinite but ever-continuous sound of moaning, the sighing of brave men in the grip of a living death, cast aside inactive and impotent amid, the bugle calls of a desperate conflict, .-filled the long iron build ing. In a dark corner, round which a rough screen had been drawn, lay an inert bandaged form, which hut yesterday had been the martial figure of u beloved officer, quivering with courageous zeal, bearing like a flag in the front of the fight the heart and soul, the zeal for conquest, of one of the most j'enowncd regiments known to modern history. That their com mander was dead seemed more to those long rows of tossing heads on stained pil lows, those writhing, shattered limbs under the disordered blankets, than the massacre of hundreds of their comrades. Their dead commander typified valor, a too reckless courage; heaps of slain left behind them on the field told only the bitter talo of defeat. So it was to those who lay groaning intermittently on their beds. And through' the open door limped the lame efforts of a youthful bugler, who was en deavoring with a splendid energy and self- concentration worthy of a better success and a more inspiring occasion to finger out upon a battered tiule the stirring notes of a song of the ever-victorious, but some times defeated, soldiers of the Queen. Outside the hospital the rain poured, drenchingly, nnd seemed to bent down the few spasmodic signs of activity which showed that the appearance of desolation and depopulation was more apparent than real. How and. then a soli tary horseman dashed along the muddy toad with head bent low against the driving rain, or a party of sailors ran beside a gun with its gleaming steel eloaked in a tor cloth and its sinister nose upraised to the sky as if in protest at the silence imposed upon it, whilst the horses dragged it rapidly to a position of activity, where its. nose would soon be smoke-wreathed, dealing out destruction iiud dismay. The distant call of a huglc silenced the halting notes of the battered "fife at "the hospital door, and set the .-persevering musician - at attention, in stinctively interpreting its "message though he knc>V,' it was not. for him. Itis patient. musical, practice, .its. progress delayed- by -the' damaged 'condition of the in-' strument, semed at last to he approaching success, when a call from a bugle in a more adjacent camp caused the boy to start' to c j ' fIinBinB the flute aW at the call of duty. In a few moments Willie Camp bell was in camp and in his tent rapidly putting his uniform in order with his bugle at his side, before joining his regiment on the parade ground where they were assemb ling. Instructions shouted and passed on along the ranks, marching order quickly formed, a few moments' pause, and the company were soon moving out of the town with three brigades of artillery, two battalions of cavalry, the ammunition ' waggons and the full equipment of a force prepared for a long march. From man to man were passed on various conflicting rumors as to their destination and the nature of the task imposed upon them, but it was soon obvious that a march of considerable distance and difficulty lay before them. For the first time Willie Campbell was marching with his corps on an actual mis- sion of "warfare, and big feelings ivould have baffled analysis, even if he had sought to discover what they were. But his mind was too busily occupied in speculation on the pressing question of their destination, and tlie work they must do there, to pay much heed to the tumult going on in his heart, which seemed to be bursting with all the hopes and fears, all the desires for- thrilling experience, and all the dread of the battle's agonies, whieli he had- snffered iiriinticipa-" tion during those long days of weary wait ing in enmp at the Modder River. Their march was directed first along a winding road that led through the hot dusty veldt, uncultivated and barren, and almost treeless, but for an occasional clump of mim osa busheB, or a chance tree, affording but a penury of shade to any wanderer who, nn- like them, might be seeking a fit spot for shelter from the scorching sun. Once there came upon his sight with' the shock of a sudden joy, a straggling eucalyptus tree, leaning at a reckless angle beside the road, and seeming to stretch out gaunt arms to wards him and liis companions as fellow exiles from the land of the 'possum and the kangaroo. After an hour's steady marching a halt wa_s called, and the column enjoyed a well- sheltered rest behind a series of timbered kopjes; nnd there they waited for half an hour or so for the return of a party of scouts, who had been sent out in advance to report lipon the posi tion of the expected foe.- When at last a party of those men came galloping along the road he saw by their faces, by their mouths half opened as if with important news burst ing from their lips, by the white foam on their horses' flanks, that they had been peri lously near to a dangerous situation. What that peril may have been he did not hear at that time, hut it chanced that he was to eome later on directly into contact with the reason why four men of that scouting party were missing when their comrades re turned. A few minutes afterwards Willie's bugle was sounding the colonel's orders, and the column was preparing to continue the march, which now took upon itself a more definite meaning, with a distinct purpose ahead of it. As ho blew the call, Willie felt that in the notes of -his bugle, which were to be heard above the noise of hurried preparations for immediate departure, he was calling to the regiments himself, in his own voice, the words of command; that he was the paramount personality of the mo ment; that upon him devolved the initia tion of the preparations of this great ma chine of warfare which was presently to he set in motion against a no longer distant enemy. But when he had blown the call, and his bugle was once more at his side, he knew himself to be but the mouthpiece of a master mind, and only the smallest unit of all that great body of soldiers, fully equip ped for a desperate conflict, in which he was not to take a part, whilst he was practically defenceless but for his revolver and the less certain protection of his youth. But he knew that even in liis insignificance lie was a necessary part of the machinery of battle, even more necessary than any ono of the men about him, for he was" the articulate speaking voice of the commander himself. Soon his individual feelings became less obvious; they became merged in the innu merable emotions of the onward march of liis company, all like himself now for the first time approaching the grim temple of suffering and death, he: found himself studying the faces of the men beside him, rather than analysing his own experiences. He was surprised to find that all were not influences in the same way, by tlie certainty of their coming danger. There was nothing about this mass of faces, with their varying expressions, that came anywhere near to any previous experience of liis, and lie could only look at them with baffled curiosity as at a page of conundrums, to which the an swers were not available. As time went on one thing only survived as a certainty among all the maze of con- dieting thoughts, nnd that was their ever licnring approach to the enemy's position, and their awful bloody task. Yet still even this certainty seemed as elusive as ever it had been in their long period of waiting at tlie river camp. rresently came the orders to open their .ranks and spread across the veldt, and when they found themselves rising -above one of the many undulations of .the great, plains, a voice was hpnrd from lie knew not where crying in n tone as of great joy break ing a long period of . doubt, as though qt last realising the fulfilment, of a supreme desire The soul stirring words, '' Here they are ! Here they are !"' ..... . ... . Willie promptly pulied himself up on the shaft; of ii; waggon atjfl thence climhidj.tq, the hood,' ill his determination to see .what, might' , he. 'afftk'JipVk the highest available, .cjevatioi,. lie .looked ahead of the oohimii, to the fiirthefxnost edge of the horizon, which was an uneven' ridge of Kills, but could see no signs of human life other than their own company. A form house and one or two shelters dotted about what appear ed to he a large farm or selection were the only habitations of humanity within view, but a careful inspection of the distant hills at last revealed a bunch of white patches upon the side of one of them, which he made out to be tents, undoubtedly the laager of the enemy. Then it was that the colonel in command disposed his force for the expected en counter. The plan appeared to Willie, so far as he could see it put into operation, to he one of consummate skill, every available shelter and point of advantage being appar ently made use of in the general scheme. What struck him, perhaps, more than any thing else in Buch movements of the British and colonial battalions as came within his view was the absolute precision and absence of haste and excitement in their movements which gave the columns an air of perfection and invincibility. That such a combina tion of skill and strength should, not be in vincible seemed. impossible. And so, buoyed up by the pride of race, he waited in a glow of expectancy the great experience of his life. CHAPTER III. "First shot!" cried a private of the. bat italion to which Bugler Campbell 'was at tached, as a .puff of smoke, foflavyed by : a booming report, , appeared from tlie sum mit of an adjacent Kill. -."And a bad one,- too," continued the speaker, with a laugh. "But they'll soon find the range, and then it will be time to shift." . It soon was time to shift, which the colo nials did at the -eomand of then- officer, but not to retreat. They were soon ad vancing at the double towards a spruit, which seemed fordable, on the other side of which was the farm house, from one of the chimneys of which. issued a feather of smoke, curling upwards continuously through the hot, clear air. Willie was running at a speed which re minded him of -a race he had once had with the fleetest runner of bis -school, when he nearly heat him. His feet scarcely touched the. ground, which here was soft and grassy, but covered with burrs. Tlie company van for several yards until they reached the shelter of some ant hills on a ridge of the veldt, below which the spruit ran with a gurgling Bound. There they waited for further orders, whilst the British artillery was replying from the bank of -the -spruit to the Boer fire. 'As he ran on, Willie felt within him a bubbling spirit of enthusiasm which soon permeated his whole being, and' set him effervescing with a desire for immediate ac tion. -He felt within him a mad impulse of heroism, which scorned the conventions of discipline or of order. All the deeds of valor of which he had ever heard seemed to jostle themselves in his brain and con fuse liim with their diversity, at the same time that they tempted liim by their re-, corded success and the glory accruing from them. He waited for a few miuutcs for some op portunity which should offer him a sugges tion for action, and this he got sooner than he could farly have hoped for, by a chance remark of a soldier a few paces in front of him. 4 "That there farm house looks a likely place. I wonder some of us ain't told off to attack it," this man was saying, but his companion's reply did not reach Willie. It flashed through the boy's mind that a splendid' opportunity was being neglected, and as he looked across to tlie house he saw that a private road leading to it trailed, half hidden, through a bush-grown part of the veldt, offering almost complete obscu rity for a few men right down to the spruit itself. He waited no longer to consider the posi tion, hut set off at a i»rTiii«vlieety>y the men of his. companyjhTiajltnir'tTmv tion enchained t <f mOre pressiiigiuitijy than tlie' vagaries io& af bugle boy.-He feltNSie same incentive Jo jeciPinAtUd'SiGjjyw effervescence of KjS/' spirits, and sooiV/Ke found himself at' tK'e/hanK-oihe- Bo wondering whether, aftc'iiiil, pjjgmjiire was to end in failure and conseffricirt punish- ment as a runaway. But fortune seemed to favor him. for he noticed that a few yards down the stream a light footbridge had been thrown across as if for his C3pcciul convenience. Reaching the house by this means, lie was careful to approach cautiously so as to avoid showing himself, and this the' thick shrubs of the well-kept garden rendered easy enough, so that he reached the yard at the back of the house without misadventure. Here a startling sight met his eyes. In the yard the four missing scouts were stand ing with arms and feet bound, hurriedly hut securely, to a fence. They presented a sorry ' spectacle indeed. The full blaze of the sun poured relentlessly on their uncov ered heads, and they seemed to he in the last stage of their terrible plight, with, a hideous death stealing upon them through tlie horrors of madness. As lie stood staring at them Willie was too frightened to move, and bis brain seemed to foil to take in the full meaning of the sight or to suggest to him apy action. in re gard to it. Instinctively his hand went to his bugle, and with a . purely mechanical action he blew a blast upon it to the full capacity of liis lungs. The effect 6f this sudden "sound was in stantaneous. The poor .sufferers seemed to . njvnken from", a .trance, and their wild eyes looked at liim as', at a ghost- of succor; while out'. -of ' the - house tumbled a dozen or so Boers, all of theih-in a state of semi-intoxication, with the excep tion Vof one; tt'Yout-Ji' .fii'ii much older titan' Willie hiniself.' Rlusirig tlie bugle to hid. lips) "ligailiTipifbifeiv itndthe'r blast, a strange jUmblc'DtipKie-of tfh'ct'Vegulntioii calls of' his regiment, and as ho withdrew the bugle from' his' lips he lifeard a sharp report and felt a curious sensation on his mouth, as if a sharp knife had been drawn across it. Hooking towards the BoerB, he saw the youth again levelling his rifle at him to ob tain a truer and more deadly aim, but the same instant Willie had sprung aside, and from behind a shrub of laurel he took a careful aim with his revolver, which he knew to be accurate, at the young Boer, and pulled the trigger. He waited no longer than to see tlie youth fall and the men stag ger back hurriedly into the house, though he was surprised at their retreat. Of subsequent events he could form only the most indistinct idea, for after his sue-, cessful shot lie fell in a heap in his place be hind the bush, and after consciousness re turned, tlie pain from his torn mouth seemed to demand all his thoughts. But he was all the time remotely conscious of a great commotion; the rattle of rifle shots and the shouting voices of some of tlie men of liis regiment. Then lie was encouraged to make a supreme effort to rise and make investigation into passing events, hut im mediately he emerged from his shelter he was gripped by strong but friendly arms and borne into the house. Here his mouth was at once bandaged, someone saying that, after ail, it was only the kiss of battle for a pretty boy, who would ono day make a fine soldier if he would only obey orders instead of anticipat ing them. Willie looked up at tlie speaker and saw it was liis colonel. He looked very sheep ish for a moment, being terribly disap pointed that he should be reminded of his duty instead of receiving the expected, ipraise for his heroism. - ; .-But this was to come later on, when some men of the colonial force returned to camp witli the Boer prisoners, now quite sobered and enraged at the manner in which they had been captured and defrauded of their revenge upon tlie scouts they had captured. For in the camp, Bugler Willie was the hero of tlie day, and it was only when, next morning, news came in that the sortie had resulted in the rout of the Boers from their, position on the heights behind the fatih,. and their occupation by tlie British, that" Willie Campbell was allowed to lie quietly in the hospital, undisturbed by congratula tions, until his wound was healed and he was again able to sound the calls for his regiment. And far away in a remote country town ship under the Southern Cross, two old- folk sat together on the shady yeranifcih, hand pressing hand, as old Colin read with quivering voice and misty eyes the great news of their son's daring adventure, anil the kiiid words written of liim in the col onel's report of the rescue of the scouts- at the farm house. 