EVENING ENTERTAINMENTS. I .' OCR NATIVE HOME," AT THE OPERA HOUSE. The extensive repertoire of new plays which Mr. Charles Holloway has decided to favour the Brisbane treatre-goiug public with during his present short season necessi- tated a further change of Dill last night. " Our Native Home," a live-act drama, by, Charles Whitlock and Joan Sergeant, took' the place of " Man's Enemy." The play is one full of dramatic Interest, aud alive with sensational situations. At the same time thore Is more than a spice of com^rdy, which prpveuts the work from being classed ameiiig the extremely " tearful" variety. It arsu poscEasc-, considerable liteiaiy merit, and altogether has a great deal to commend It. In additional to the general worth of the play, ii 1= interpreted by a thoroughly good all-rouud company, a company in which every member is an artiste. It is, therefore, not surprising that when staged in Sydney it had an extraordinary run. " Our Native Home," as Its name suggests, is an interest- ing-indeed fascinating- tale of English life. Some of the scene» are most picturesque. Anything more rural than the stage picture presented in the first act could not be imagined. It portrays the exterior of Woodbine Farm, the landscape being re spleudant with Howers, and animated by the presence of frollicksome maidens who have assembled to honour the birthday of the owner's daughter, Rosy Goddard (Miss Roxy Barton). Villainy of course lays a heavy hand on the piece, but heroism, fortified by true love and true friendship, triumphs In tho end. Among the sensational incidents is a shipwreck, a castaway crew and their rescue, and a suicide, to say nothing of such minor " horrors" as a ghost story related by a blue-jacket to a " blue-bottle," other- wise a policeman. But pleasantly inter- larded with the low cunning of the villain and his accomplices axe the comedy scenes, which give a humour to the piece that is irrestible, and add a leavening quantity not usually found In such plentiful doses in melo- drama. For this humour the versatile young actor, ' Mr. - Frank Hawthorne, and the equally popular 'Miss Katie Towers, are largely responsible, though in the ballroom aud conservatory scone, where the ubiquitous Cully Sharp appears disguised as a kilted Scotchman of the Macgregor clan, honours with him are shared by Miss Helen Fergus, an ugly (Miss Fergus will pardon the adjec- tive)' old spinster who dea'rly loved " a spoon." -Mr. Hawthorne and Miss Towers have perhaps nevevr been seen to better ad- vantage. The heroine, Rosy Goddard, was ?Miss Roxy Barton, whose sympathetic acting of the part has improved her previous high reputation. Miss Ethel Appleton por- trayed the role of the adventuress Clair Ironbrace very strongly, and won much favour from the audience in spite of them- selves, for theatre-goers love lo hiss a villain. However, their pent-up feelings found full vent on Mr. Stanford, and it follows that his interpretation of the part of Stephen Ironbrace, a more than double-dj-ed villain, was a mas- terly one. Mr. R. Inman's acting of the hero 'Charles Hanlon waa consistently gocd, as usual. He had a congenial part, and , made the most of it. A word of praise is ( also due to the bulky Mr. J. P. O'Neill, who i played Bo'sun 'Bill with his accustomed vim, | waa to Mr. F. Harcourt, who took Policeman Davis with an originality that did him credit. Mr. Cardon Wilson, the tco-confiding and therefore much-Injured cashier at Lydd's Bank, also sustained his reputation. The many other subsidiary parts were well sus- tained. Incidental to the second act, little Miss Ina ¿lune sang a patriotic song, " There's something in the English after all." The little mite possesses an excel- lent voice, and gave her number with such 'acceptance than.an. encore was imperative. The piece, which ¡pvas' particularly Well mounted, went -well throughout, and should have a good, if brief, run. Owing to lix. Holloway's arrangements, however, it will be necessary to withdraw " Our Native Home" after Saturday evening. On Monday might Mr. Holloway's great production of the romantic drama, " The .Power and the Glory," will be staged. This drama, containing many novel features and attractions, was Mr. Holloway's Christmas attraction in Sj'dney, and is is said that upon it every advantage of expert knowledge, well-trained energy, and lavish outlay have ¡been utilised to enhance the completeness of the production. Amongst a great number of gorgeous scenes, tie transformation- scene, " Britannia and her Sons," is described as especially imposing. 