THE ■ -V. ■' WHITE HORSE VERB. A TRANSVAAL LEGEND, : ' ■ By H. A. BEYDEN;- ' ' (Author of "Tales, of South Africa, &c.;). [Published by special arrangement witti the author. All rights reserved.] :; '; In the year 187S Herns Mostert, a Go vernment surveyor, was trekking leisurely through the Eastern Transvaal,- engaged'in the duty of .surveying new farms for the: re cently-established British Government! The territory of the bankrupt South African Kepiiblic had been annexed in the previous year by Sir Theopilus Shepstbne on behalf of the British, and with characteristic Anglo- Saxon energy the finances of the hew dependency were being rapidly reorganised, law and good government were being push ed into regions where they' had been hitherto unknown, and the wikl back country was being surveyed as rapidly as possible. Mostert was an educated Dutchman from the Cape Colony, who thoroughly un derstood his duties, an-d from his know ledge of the Boer dialect and Boer idiosyn craeies was enabled to carry out ,1ns work far more smoothly than an Englishman. He had been- hard at work for months past, and having satisfactorily concluded a large portion of his task was now approaching the famous hunting grounds Of the Low Veld, "Where, in a country still swarming with big game/,he looked forward to'*en joying a long-.month or two'of sport ''and recreation. His wife, a young . English woman, accompanied him, and the two, although well accustomed to the freeoand pleasant life of the bade country, were -an ticipating with feelings of the keenest idea sure an expedition into the, mysterious-un known Low Country that/lay before .them. Evening was falling as.., the travel-worn waggon rumbled, slowly up-to a rough JJoer farmhouse-which stood, thirty miles ,fypm any otner dvilised habitation, remote, and solitary, upon the lower stope of a frown ing mountain side. Hans Mostert, whojgyas riding, touched Shis tired ./horse with,, the spur,-and moved on a little ahead (Raids cavalcade, up to the door., of the hffine stead-. A big, r; untidy-looking Boer, ■was standing, pipe-in mouth,- just outsideithe low stone dwelling, and torhim Mosteft-ad dressed -himselh • / ,1- •• w -a--. 'Uncle," 'he said, "can JVoutepan here?" 'Ja," retained the Boer,- "ycra -may.rbut span. Who1-are you, and- where do.lyou, come from.?" -. K." -:;ho: Mbstertt explained 'his. businesfi. The big Boer grumbled ait-She idea of-an official Of the' hateful BririSh Government penotual^g.-to iJhis parfc.'|S^tiie wprfc^iput he,-was'iwt:ita;SaDikindly "■■'■'■nS "You are an Afrikamdehuof courser l ite queried. '• ■:'.■■■ .t <,.<!- -u> . -Yes," replied Mosteft^'Trom the si old Colony". / Ihuppose my/fapi£ty has- bS®.- in South Africa," at least asl'hbteg as yotip/fen. We came over-in 1679!"- nib ■ '•That is good -enough'dor- me," returned re Boer. ''After all, we are all/of 'one family. You may outepaa in wdcomd and come in. I daresay the vroww can give you a shakedown. Is there anyone else in the waggon?" Mostert had been awaiting that question with some anxiety. "Yes," he answered, "my wife, an Eng lishwoman." ^Copyright^in the "United Statra-C.-Axaerica. by "An Eogfidbwoman!" repeated the Boer in. an altered tone. "Wadht .eesi, Mfitje (wedt-a moment) while I go made. , The man went into his living room^anrt there for a few mimttes engaged tomself in close ccmfaibukttian "with 'has "wife. Presently he emerged. Tins time, as he addressed bbmrif to Mostert, he avoided his. glance, and wrih-ia dbeepishair prhmged into has subject...'" , .j jo. ,, : "I aan sorry, my friend, he saio, but the vrouw says she wop't have an. English woman. fiipide 'her house. You may out Span and; rah your oxen in the veld, and take "waiies^ we can't have your wife in here. You^laiow our reasons." Mostert 'had half , expected something of the Mnd,',)j)ut his blbojd,.. rose hotly at the discourtesy." 'However, he had trekked, fax, and was in. no mood for going on 'that night through the deep and troublesome uoort that lay before.him. . 1 "That's hot a very neighborly spirit, my 'friend,-' he;~answered quietly. "However, I am not''just now inclined for argument, and my wife is tired. ' I'll take you at your word :'and outspan' for the night. The hospitality'of the veld is good enough for ■ me." So 'saying, he turned his horse's head, rode back a hundred yards to his waggon, and outspann'ed by a clear rill of water that'ran down the mountain side. The oxen were sent in charge of their native leader for an hour's grazing, the horses were knee-haltered and turned loose, a fire was made, and supper got under way; and while these preparations were being made Hans' Mostert told his wife of 'his reception at the homestead. . After supper, as they sipped their coffee under the glittering stars and ' Mostert smoked his evening pipe, his wife produced her violin; from the waggon and played, as she often did, any wandering-airs that came to her fancy. A clear moon came round the shoulder of the mountain, paling the brightness of the stars, and spreading a wonderful light over the wild landscape. Presently, as she played on, Kate Mostert and her husband noticed the big Boer, Karel Botma, steal out of his front door, and with two of his lads stand, listening manifestly with great interest, to the plain tive strains of the violin. In a few minutes, however, the vrouw came to the door, saw and heard what was going _on, and in a shgrp voice called them in. The trio crept back again, obedient at her com mand, the door was shut, and ail was quiet for the night. Mostert and his wife ex changed glances, as this little scene was enacted under the strong moonlight, and smiled. ' "I am. Hutch myself, said Mostert re flectively, "and to some extent I- eansym pathise with the bitterness of the Trans vaal Boers at the annexation last year. Put the hatred of these women for anything English passes my comprehension.' Just then a Kaffir stole up to the camp fire, saluted the white man and Ins wife, and asked to be taken into service. _ He came from a kraal hard by. He had heard the baas was going hunting up the bow Veld and he would act as guide and spoor game for, him. The man was a- . Makatese and spoke a Basufco dialect, which. Mostert could easily comprehend. The surveyor made many enquiries and halt agreed to engage him. Questioning further, he ascer tained .that two roads, or rattier tracks, ran through the mountains down to tne hunting veld. lie expressed Ms wish to take the left hand one, as it led him more into the country he wished to. penetrate.. But, to his surprise, the Makateee. demur red to this route. It.,would lead the Baas, he said, into a niece, of country three or four days ahead that was mtaguti (be witched). It was the country of a terrible white horse, ridden 'by ah unseen rider, the ghost of a murdered Boer.. It was a good gaide bountry, Put no onei Dutchman or Kaffir!, dared to hunt there. '• . Mostert and his wile laughed heartily as the Makatese finished his yarn. The very seriousness o'f the man aggravated • the humor of the thing, and as he stood there in the fire blaze, che flickering lights play ing upon his smooth bronze skin and awe stricken face, they could scarcely contain their mirth. But the- mau was in real: I earnest; for him the--subject was far too serious for-jest. With some dignity he i made his farewell. • "Let the bass ask the Boer there — : pointing to the homestead—"in the morn I ing," he said. "He will find that what T have told is the truth." | He departed to his kraal, after a present of a pannikin of hot coffee and some to bacco, and Mostert and Ms wife, turning into their comfortable waggon—fitted with green baize inside and making quite a cosy apartment, slept peacefully till dawn. In the morning the surveyor walked over to the Dutchman's cattle and goat kraals, where he found Botma counting out his flocks and'herds as they , went forth to 'pasture. That important operation ; con-' ■eluded; Mostert addressed himself to his subject. He enquired the road to the best hunting veld, and incidentally mentioned the Kaffir's absurd tale of the night be fore. Botma's face suddenly lengthened and grew grave. "The tale is true enough," ne said. "That veld, 'Wit paard Veld (White Horse Veld), so we call it, or 'Van Schoor's Veld/ is haunted. Thirty years ago Frans Van Schoor first trekked in there hunting. He was a morose, savage fejiow and hated tne idea of any other man sharing his sport, and, mounted on nis white horse, he would chase Kaffirs, and even Dutchmen, out of the country. Sometimes he fired a shot or two to hurry them -out, and there are many queer tales told of his treatment of. the Kaffirs. Well, other Boers scarcely liked this sort! ofthing, -and one of them, Pieter Rossouw, .went in .and' began shooting. Van Schoor came after, him,, the men . .had a violent quarrel, Van- Schoor raised his gun, and Rossouw shot him dead as he .sat on his white horse. . The horse! gallope'd away with its dead rider and was killed by lions, and the pair were never: seen .'again—except as spooks. Rossouw; himself died a violent death soon after, far up in the north. And ever , since" that time this veld is haunted by' Van Schoor's white horsej -'ridden by ,an unseen; rider. . My friend.'"take my advice, don't: go into that' country; You are sure to . repent it. Many men have tried it, allured by the crowds of game. But whoever sees the white horse''is sure to have 'bad luck. ' I know it," said the big Boor/with deep emphasis in his great voice, "for my own family' have suf fered!- Death or some other-great misfor tune'- is; sure to overtake, if not- the man himself who sees this- spook, some one of. his kin. I say again, don't go there or you'll bitterly repent it. Death surely rides in the-White Horse Veld." The:-Boer was so obviously in earnest that Mostert did not care to injure his feelings by laughing.at his tale, as he felt inclined to do. He thanked Botma for his information, told ,hdm lightly that he him self had little faith in spooks, or appari tions, and, having gained what further in-, formation he wanted , as to the country in front of him, went his way. ■. His • men were inspanning the oxen, as he had ordered, break fast -awaited himself and his wife at the little camp table on the shady side of the waggon, and, the meal dispatch ed, and everything put in its place and made snug, they prepared to depart. The Makatese Kaffir squatted by the remnants of the camp fire, where he had been afflict ing the men at breakfast. Mostert came up to him. "Well, my man," he said, "are you com ing with us?" Is the baas going into the White Horse Veld?" asked the native, looking up from a bone he was picking. "Yes, I shall hunt there first," answered the white man. "Then, baas, I can't go with you. Life is pleasant, and I don't care 'bo run risks with spirits- and things of witchcraft. Farewell. Nkos, recpllect I warned you." Mostert climbed lightly to his. saddle. "Farewell," he,replied in Sesato. "When I come back this way in a month or two's time.yon will be sorry for yourself. You will have Josfc two or three gold sovereigns in, wages,-plenty of sport, and more food than you could have eaten." The waggon rolled on ahead. MoStert's wife .sitting on Jhe box enjoying the freSh. winter 'morning and the magmficent scenery,; in front of them, and Mostert himself, can termg on, was soon alongside. In,-'less than a Wei's time the Govern ment' surveyor's waggon was right in the heart .of the dreaded country.. They had descended terrace-' after teiTace of Mil and- mountain, picking their way by Hoof and' pass through ,-some of the wildest and grandest scenery in South Africa, and were now encamped in fair rolling country of grassland bush and timber, through the heart "of which ran a jfieasaut river. Game was plentifutL . Already Mostert had killed koodoo, impaJa, and wifcerbuck. They had found - a: spoor of giraffe, Hon. buffalo, and othet heavy _ game/ aid having fixed , his. camp oh a piece of (rising ground above the: river^pMostertvvTQde,.off one meaning' to begin )iis first real hunt in the new vekk He ,i$ai! away) all day and; towards even/ ing''crime into'camp, with his native after rider, loaded up (with buffaib» meat and a goodrimpala ram. . -, His wife was sitting in-, her lew camp chair under' a shady tree. She caught sight of her husband; quickly, rose, and came forward to meet him. He saw Ss1 he dismounted that her. face was' very pale and her eyes were burning and excited. Something inanffestly had hap pened. "What- is it, Kates?" he queried, as he stooped to kiss her. "Anything happened?" "Oh, Harry!" (his name was Haas, but, Engfishlike, she called him Harry) she re plied, in low, yet excited, tones, 'T don't want to apttrm the men, who are disturbed enough already^ I baye^ssen-it. We have all seai it, and—well, I can t te3l you why, bat I. am afraid—afraid. IFs foohsh, I know, but, Harry, there's something wrong, something eanl, about this place. "Come, wife," 'he returned, 'you are needlessly upset. A touch of fever pos sibly—I see you're not well. ' Come under the trees and hit down, and tell ime quietly | what you have seen." They strobed tot lie trees, Modtert meanwhile giviug scene orders as to feeding the horses and kraaling the oxen early within a strong' thorn-fence already erected, and then his wife began. "Barry," she said, "don't think I am imagining things or that X am ill,. What I tell you Thave seen is gospel truth; Law rence and the boys will .corroborate me. in all I say. We had-a most pleasant day, resting here; and getting the camp quietly into .order. The. :men worked .well, and Lawrence,, as he - always does,.kept things going. capitally. After lunch 1' had a stroll towards the -river, keeping within bail of the waggon, and "then came back and had some coffee towards 4 o'clock. .Half an hour after—I suppose, an hour, before yon rode in—I was standing hear the fire, giving some directions about the cooking. Lawrence was close to ine. Suddenly he turned to me... v , " 'By Gosh, ma'am!' , he cried, a white, horse cantering this way. Whose can • it be? . A bolter, for amy money; it's saddled and bridled!" . ' .. "I looked, and there, surely enough, gal loping Steadily across .the grass, alongside the river, came a white horse. It came right on and passed within sixty yards of us. It was, as'Lawrence said, saddled and bridled, and. went; exactly as if someone was riding it. That was the queerest part of it. As it swept padt astrange feeling came ^over me. I can't explain it. -But some horrible dread seized upon, me, a chill pierced me"—here she laid her' left hand to her heart—"and I felt 'ffiint and sick. I stood staring, as the thing swept by—with out a sound, mind you, Harry—without a sound—and then it vanished into the bush yonder up the valley— "Look, look," she cried, clutching' her husband's anm with a grip that astonished him, "It's coming hack. W'hat is it, '■71 God's name?" Mostert looked up the valley, and there, surely enough, cantering towards them, with that curious triple that the Bofer's nag so often has, was a white horse. Mostert was quiet calm and gazed hard and long, taking in every detail. The horse was a rough-looking, ill-groomed, shooting pony, and as it approached closer he saw that it was bitted with a severe curb bit, such as Dutch hunters love, and that it carried an old-fashioned saddle. The sun was nearing its hour of setting; everything in the valley was steeped in the" glorious red glow of the parting rays. The air was warm and plea sant. • Yet, as the horse "came along, a strange chillness seemed to creep up the valley. Mostert felt it and * could, scarce repress a shiver; his wife shuddered visibly. As the hoTse ran by Mostert noticed that, just as his wife had told- him, it moved exactly as if bestridden by some invisible rider. It cocked its ears back and forth, just as a ridden horse will do, and its very movement seemed to indicate that .it obeyed the guidance of so-mC undeen "hand. It was more 'than uncanny; and yet, there in the broad daylight, what ;else could it be bu't flerii and blood? Yet'again, as Mos tert-listened j there was''hot "the sound of a hoof stroke. The animal passed, tripled steadily down the Valley, add finally became lost to view in' the jungle.1 1 ; 1 "A funny thing, a devilish'funny'thing-,' exclaimed Mostert'to his wife, in a tone far more "cheery than his dnwhr'd' feelings War ranted, "but'we'll'find out more about'it to-morrow. Everything is explainable in bhis,wbrP.l;i No doubt we'shall'hit upon a simple enough clue to.:hhe mystery:.Come and have supper, old girl,' and don't-Tet the thing worry.you any more.", They had siippei_ and' gradually the camp assumed a more' cheery aspect; and, with' a soupje or two;of grog to. the'men,.a-11- turned in: to' sleep happily enough;.' ("? ". i ;Next day ^fpstent' 'bu»OT.\''MmshK'. .about the'camp cleaning . up heads, peggmgiput skins;, and. salting and .dryirig me at.'for bil tong, Outwardly he.was cheerful and con tented, .but; inwardly,, he: .was .waiting'. and. watching, always, at every minute of the day, watching for something that never came. He 'had had a long talk with Law rence, his factotum, foreman and 'handy man, an honeSt and reliable Englishman, and his plan of action was decided upon. His wife, cheery and tender as he was to her, was depressed and out of sorts. Nothing, apparently, could banish some unaccountable load that weighed upon hex spirits. Afternoon came and passed. At half-past four, just at the hour at which : Kate Mostert had seen it on the day he-1 fore, the riderless white horse came can tering along the valley. Mostert and Law rence 'had picke.d up their rifles and were ] .rea'dy for it,f.and as.it passed .within sixty paces of' them each"'took steady aim ana fired. Both men were good shots; neither of them could well have missed that easy target. Yet the white horse passed on, un touched, uninjured, while the Pullets struck up the red dust far across the river. Again, an hour later, came the uncanny thing, and again the rifles were discharged at it. The thing passed untouched, silently, inexplic ably; yet to the eye, as it ambled by. in the warm evening limit, it seemed, surely, a solid creature of flesh and blood. And yet, as it passed, came again that unac countable feeling of fear, loathing, and de pression, which one had noticed upon its first appearance. . , Mostert ...had had . enough- ox, the' White Horse Y.eld and its mysteries .and -,trekked, • out'..early 'next morning.;. Within a .week His' wife sickened .and; four days later -lay dead, poor soul, ; within' her.- ;.waggon. I Whetheri she. "died, ox fever;,caught,in,;ihe low country., during fithat ...brief .;-|visi.t;- or whether .the horror .that - seemed to have, gripped;her. heart had^really: -.caused; her death,:'her husband hever..,eould.-teIL -He could only "recall Botma's ". • warning, and ., .curse -the , ..'hour,, thatled Kim into ... .the., haunted . , veld. Henurs ed; .his in.- 'her,;.-last;' .days rat ■ Botma's farmhouse and; -buried:; her .-near that desolate- homestead, • Vrouw Bosnia far ,once ■ forgo t- her- hatred -. of,'the:-English, : and in- poor. Kate. Mosterfs -last, hours tended hen as assiduously and as tenderly as if she had-been hervown fiesli aaid.blood. And the grim Boer, woman shed many a lrindly tear- oyer the-fair-young wife, eat off in the flower of her days.- ■. ->••; ; -Fever ,,or gspook, you -ask me? I know not; nor to (his hour can Hans Mostert— now a gray-haired man—'himself say. There are ... things- unexplaina/ble, passing daily in • this world of -. ours.. To. this "day fever -'haunts the deadly low' country.- Ana to this hour, if you chance to trek through: the borderland of the Eastern Transvaal, yon may learn-that "Fan School's white horse still, haunts its rider's ancient hunt ing grounds, an object of dread- and mys ■ Next Week— ! . ."THE MAKING OF JIM BLAKE," i By Guy Boothby. 