Professor Pepper Dead. Ghost-Walker and Rain- Maker. Professor Pepper, of 44 Pepper's Ghost" fame, has died at Leytonatone, whero ho had recently been living (says tho Daily Mail of March 30). To the younger generation ,44 Popper's Ghost" is nioro a legend than a reality, but 30 yours ago it was as. popular ns tho present, hiogr&ph.; As Mr. John Hollingshead said in the Fall Mali Gazette , the death oi the professor 4 4 carries the memory to the days when tho miscellaneous theatrical matineo'lmd not bcon invented, and those curious variety shows, of recreative science' called 4 Polytechnic Institu tions ' were popular with iho classes who were blessed with mid-day Jeisuro without knowing exactly how to uso it." It was in 1S4S that John Henry Pepper, horn in 1821, wuk appointed 'analytical chemist at the Royal Polytechnic in Rogont street. For some years tho elementary scientific lectures und shows satisfied the Polytechnic's patrons, but Professor Pepper began to find that some thiug different was wanted, and he turned his atteiifiou to tho "ghost" method of illusion, which a civil engiueer named Ducks brought to his notice. 44 Pepper told mo that tho idea of 4 Pepper's Ghost ' cutno to him one day as lie was walk ing out of St. James's Hall, when some re flections from a mirror caught his notice," said Mr. Maskolyne, of Egyptian Hall fume, to a Daily Mail representative yesterday. 44 But there is no doubt that ho worked on Diroks's idea, and developed the arrangement of mirrors and glass, which umdo 4 Pepper's Ghost ' celebrated, At. first he worked with mirrors at the sido of the stage, but Professor Sylvestor, who joined him, introduced the mirror beneath tlm footlights and tho front ghu8 on tho stage, and that was the method afterwards adopted. 44 For a long while audionccs did not under stand the 4 mystery ' of tho ghost, bnt people liko myself, who understood the uso of mirrors, knew how tlio thing was done, although that did not lessen our enjoyment of a' ghost performance. It was decidedly entertaining to see an apparently solid 4 ghost ' walk through another character on the stage. 44 But tho ghost had his day, and has not been much heard of in recent years. Thoro Is no doubt that Pepper made a lot of money out nf tho ghost, hut ho did not die rich. Nearly 20 yours ago ho wont to Australia to make ruin ' for the farmers, long beforo tho Aincricau rain-makers appeared, but it was not a success. His idea was to causo rain to fall by means of aerial explosions, but ho could not make rain full whoro there was no rain up in tho sky, and so ho could do nothing in places whoro rain was most wanted. He afterwards became public analyst at Bris bane." Professor Pepper brought out successors to the 4 Ghost" in tho 44 Sphinx" and tho 14 Protean cabinet." but nono succeeded liko the ghost, and " Pepper's Ghost " will remain bis chief ohiim to celebrity. Lord Kitchener is the youngest major- general in fho British army. 