JANET AMD THE DEVIL. 1 Tim Rev. Murdoch Soulin wan long minis ter of the moorland parish of Bahvcary in tho Vale of Dulij. A severe, bloak-fnccd old man. dreadful to liia hearers, he dwelt in tho lust years of bin life without relative, or ser vant, or any human company, in the small and lonely manso under tho Hanging Shaw. In spite of tho iron composure of his features, his oye was wild, scared, and uncertain; and when ho dwelt, in private admonitions, on tho future of the impenitent, it seemod as if his eye pierced through tho storms of time to the terrors of eternity. Tho manso itself, where it stood by tho water of Dulo; among gome thick trees, with tho Shaw overhanging it on ono side, and on tho other many cold, land hill-tops rising toward the sky, had begun at a very early period of Mr., Soulis's ministry to bo avoided in the dusk hours by all who prided themselves upon their prudence; and gudemon sitting at the ale- house shook their heads together-at the thought of passing lato by,that dreary neighbourhood. There-wan ono spot, to bo moro particular. which was regarded with es pecial awe. The manse stood between the -.lilgh road and the water of X)ule. Tho house. was two stories high, .with two largo rooms on each. It opened not'directly on the garden, but on acauso-waycd path. or passage, giving on the road on oatf hand;- and closed on the other by the tall willows and elders that bordered on tho' stream.- And it was this ■ strip of causeway; that- cnjoyel among tho young parishioners Qf,I?alwoory so infamous a reputation. The minister walked there often after dart, sometimes groaning aloud in 'the intensity of' his unBpokcn prayers ; and when ho was from home, and the manse door was locked, the more daring schoolboys ven tured, with beating hearts, to " follow my lendor " across that legendary spot. Many," even of tho people of the parish, were ignorant of the cause of the minister's strange looks and solitary life: Fifty years before, when 'Mr. Soul is came first into Bal weary.ho was still a young man, fullof book learning and grand at expounding it,* but, as was natural in so young a man, with no ex perience as a pastor. The younger sort were greatly taken with his gifts and his talk; but old, concerned,' serious men and and women were moved even to prayer for tho young man whom they took to bo a self-deceiver, and tho parish that was like to bo so ill supplied. There was no doubt, anyway, but that Mr. Soul is had been a 'long time at col lego. He was careful and troubled for many things beside tho one thing needful. He had a great number of books with him—more than had ever been seen before in all that ; presbyters'; and hard work the carrier had with them, for they wero all like to havo stopped behind in the Deil's Hag, between I Balneary and Kilinarkerlie. He desired to get an old, decent woman to keep tho manse for him, and see to his dinners; and he was recommended to an old crono—Janet M'CJoiir. they called her. There were many advised him to the conlrary, for .Janet was more thnn suspccted by the best folk in Bal. weary. Long before that sho had had a child to a diagoon; sho had not come to com munion for maybo thirty years; and boys had soon her mumbling to herself up on Key's Loan in the gloaming, which was an unusual time and place for, a God-fearing woman. However, it was tho laird himself that had first told tho minister of Janet; and in those days he would have gone a great way to please tho laird. 'When folks told him that Janet was sold to tho devil, it was all superstition, hesaid. NVhen it got about the village that Janet M'Olour was to bo servant at the manse, the folks were fairly mad with both him and hor; and somo of the women ;had nothing bettor to; do, than get round her door-Btcp ani charge hor with .all that was known against lior, from tho soldier's child to John Tamson's two cows. Up she got, and there was not an old story in Balweary but she made somebody smart for it that day; they couldn't say ona thing, but sho could say two to it, till, nt last, the gudewives caught hold of her arid clawed the clothes off her hack, and pulled hor down the road to the water of the Dulo, to boo if she were ti witch, and would sink or swim. The hag shrieked till yon could hear her at the Hang ing Shaw, and alio fought hard. There was ninny a gndewife bore ' the mark of hor next day and many a long day after; and just in the hottest of tho hubbub, who should come up but the now minister. " Women," said ho (and ho had a grand voice), " I charge you in the Lord's name to let her go." Janet ran to him—slie was fairly wild with terror—and clung to him, and prayed him, for Christ's sake, to save her from her tor mentors ; and they, for their part, told him nil that was known, and maybe more. "Woman," says he to Jauet, "is this true V " As tho Lord sees me," says slio, •' as tho .Lord made 1110, not a word of it. Saving tho ■child," says she, " I've boon a decent woman all my days." " "Will you," says Mr. S-iulis, '* in tho nnmo of God, nnd beforo inoi his unworthy niinistor, renounco thodovil and his works ?" Well, it would appear that when ho asked that, Bho gavo a groan that fairly frightened "thoso who saw hoi', and thoy could hear hor teoth_grind togethor iu her jaws ; but thero was nothintr for it-but tho ono way or tho other ; and Janot lifted up her hand, ond re nounced the devil beforo them all. " And now," said Mr. Soulis to tho good women, " home with you, ono and all, and pray to God for his forgiveness." And ho gavo Jauet his arm, though sho had littlo.on her but a shift, and took her up tho road to her own door liko a lady of tho land ; and hor scroccliing and laughing was a scan dal to lie heard. There wore many soloinn-fnced people long over tlioir prayers that, night ; but when the morning camq.thoro wis such fear foil upon all Balweary thiit' tho children hid thom selvesi.rand oven. tho men folk stood and pooped from their doors. For thoro was Jatiot "coming down "tho road—alio or hor likeness, none could toll—with her neck disjointed, and hor hoad on ono side like a body that had been hanged, and a look on lior face like an unburiod corpse. By and by they got used to it, nnd even looked at hor to see what was wrong; but from that day forth sho could not spoak like a Chris tian woman, butstuttored and stammered, and tho name of God novor caino on her lip3. Sometimes sho tried to say it, but it might not be. Those that know hor best said least; but thoy nevor gavo that Thing tho namo of Janet M'Olour, for old Janet, they thought, was in tho deepest holl by this time. But the minister was neither to hold nor to bind; ho preachod about nothing but tho cruelty.of tho people that had givon her a stroke of tho palsy; ho puniBhod tho children that tor mentod hor, and ho had her up to the manse that same night, and dwolt thoro all alono with hor undor tlio Hanging Shaw. N About tho ond of Juno thero came a Bpell of weather, tho like of which was novor known before; it was closo, and" hot, and breathless; and yot it was gusty, too, with gusts of wind that whistled through tho glens, and bits of showers that moistcnod nothing. Mr. Soulis could noithor oat nor I sleep, and wlion ho was not writing at his weary book ho would bo roaming ovor tho country-sido liko a man possessed, when ovorybody olsc waa glad to koop cool within I tho houso. Abovo tho Hanging Shaw, in tho boud of tho Black Hill, there is a bit of inclosed ground with an iron gato, at one timo tho churchyard of Balwoary, and cqnaooratod by the papists before tho blessed light Rhone upon the kingdom. It was ;i great resort of Mr. Soulis's; there he would sit and con sider liiM sermons. Well, as lie camo over the west end of Black Hill one day, he saw j first two, then four, and then seven black j crowH Hying around and around abovo the old churchyard. They Hew low and heavy, and squawked to one another. He was not easily startled, and went straight up to the walla; and what did he see but a man, sit ting in tho inside upon a grave. Ho was of great stature, and black as hell, and his oyes were singular to see. Mr. Soulis had heard of black men many times; but there was something forbidding about this black man that caused him to start. But up ho apolte'for all of that, and said: " My friend are you a stranger in this placo ?" The black man answered not a wo:d; lie got upon his feet, and began to walk to the wall on the far side; but he still looked at tho minister, and the minister Btood and looked back, till suddenly the black man was over tie wall , and running for the shade of the trees. Mr. Soulis, he hardly kneflr whj;, ran after him, but ho was wearied with his walk, and the hot, unwholesome weather; and run as he would hu got no more than a glimpse of the black man among the trees, till ho got down to the foot of the hillside, and there he satt him once more, going hop-step-and-jump over Dule water to the manso. Mr. Soulis was not pleased that this ill looking creature should make so free with Balweary manse, and he ran the'harder, but no. black man was there to be seen. Ho stepped out upon tho road, but there was no body there ; ho went all over the garden, but saw no black man. At last, and it is feared a little timidly, as was bub natural, he lifted the haip and went irito the manBe, and there was Janet M'Ulonr beforehis eyes, with her broken neck, and none too pleased to see him; And he then,.remembered that when first ho sethis eyes upon, her he felt,the same cold and deadly shiver. < " Janet," said he, " have you seen a black man ?" "A black man !" quoth she. " Save us all 1 You are not in your right mind, minis- j tar. There is no black man in all Bal 'weary." "''But.she. did not speak plain, you must understand, but champed like a pony with tho bit iu its mouth. " Well, Janet," said he, " if thero is no black man, I have spoken with the Evil One." And he gat down like one irith a fever, and his teeth chattered in his head. "Pshaw!" said she; "think shame to yourself, minister!" And she gave him some brandy, which she always kept by her. Soon Mr. Soulis went into his Btudy among his books. Down he sat, and thought of all that had coine and gone since he was in Bal weary. The more he thought, the more he thought of the black man. He tried to pray, but tho words would not come to him; and ho tried, they say, to write at his book, but he could not do anything at that. There were times that he thought the black man was at his Hide, and the perspiration stood on him cold as well water; anil there were other times when he came to himself like a Christian child nnd minded nothing. The upshot was that he went to the window, and stood look ing over Dule water. The trees are rather thick, and the water lies deep and black under the manse ; and there was Janet wash ing the clothes. with her skirts gathered about her waist. She had her back to the minister, and he, for his part, hardly knew what he was looking at. Suddenly she turned around and showed her face. ; Mr. Soulis felt the Bame cold shiver as twice before on that day, and it reminded hiin of what people said, that Janet had died long since, and thiB was u demon in lier clay-cold flesh. He drew back~a little and scanned her narrowly. She was washing the clothes, singing to herself ; and, oh, God guide us, bnt it was a frightful face 1 Then she sang louder, but there was no man born of woman that could tell the words of her song. And at times Bhe looked side-long down, but there was nothing there for hor to look at. There went a Bhudder through the flesh upon his bones, and that was heaven's warning. Bur Mr. Soulis just blamed himself, he said, to think 10 ill of a poor, old, afflicted creature who hod not a friend but himself. And he offered up a prayer for himself and her, and drank a little water—for his heart rose against the meat— and went up to his bed in the gloaming. That was a night that has never been for gotten in Balweary, the night of the seven teenth of August, 1712. It had been hot before, as I have said, but that night it was" hotter than ever.. The Bun went down among uncouth-looking clouds ; not ' a star nor a breath of wind. You could not seo your baud before your face, and even the old folk cast the covers from their beds and lay panting for their breath. With all that he had upon his mind, Mr. Soulis was troubled; the good, cool bed that he got into scorched his very bones; ho slept and wak ened; ho heard tho time of night, and a dog howling up the moor, as if somebody was dead; ho thought he heard dovils shouting in his ears, and saw ghosts in the room. Ho must, ho thought, bo sick, and sick he was— little he understood the sickness. At lost his mind got clearer, and he sat up on tho bedside, and fell to thinking once more of tho black man and Janet.. He eouid not well tell how—maybe it was the cold to his feet—but it camo in upon him. like a flash, that there was some connection be tween tho two, and that either or both of thorn wore demons. And just at that moment in Janet's room, which was next to his, there enme a scuffle of feet, as if men were wrestl ing, and then a loud bang;-then a wind went rustling around the four quarters of tho house, and tlion all was once more as silent as tho grave. Mr. b'oulis -was afraid of neither man nor devil. Ho got his tinder-box nnd lit a caudle, and made three steps towards -Janet's door, j It was st inding ajar, and he pushed it open, I and walked boldy in. It was a big room, as ' big as the minister's, and filled with grand, old, solid furniture, for ho had nothing else. There was a four-post bed with old tapestry, nnd a broad cabinet of oak. nut there to be out of the way, "nd a few clotlios of Janet's | lying here and tlicro abput tho floor. But no Janet could Sir. Soulis see, nor any sign of contention. In he wont (and thore'a few that would have followed niin), and looked around and listened. But there was nothing to bo heard, neither inside tho manse nor in all Balweary parish, and nothing to be seen but the little shadows turning round tho candle. And then all at once the minister's heart fluttered -and stood stook-still, and a cold wind blow among tho hairs of bis head. What a weary sight was that for the poor man's eye! For there was Janet, hanging from a nail besido tho old oak cabinet.; her head lay on her shoulder, her eyes wero bloodv,tiio tongue projected from hor mouth, and her heels wero three feetcloar above the floor. " God forgivo us all 1" thought Mr. Soulis; " poor Janet's dead." He cumo a step nearer to tho corpse, and then his heart fairly leaped , in Ilia breast. Kor, by what magic it would ill-beseem a man to judge, she was hangingrfrdm a single nail, and by a single worsted thread for darniug hose. It is ail awful thing to bo alone at night with such a prodigy of darkness,' but Mr. Soulis was strong in the Lord. Ho turned and went- his way out of that room, and locked tlio door bohind him, and wont, stop by step, down tho stairs, heavy as load, and sot down tho candle on tho table at the stair-foot. He could not pray; ho could not think; ho was dripping with cold swoat, and nothing could he hoar but tho tliumpin; of his own heart. He may havo stood th< rj an hour, or maybo two, he minded so littlo, when all of a sudden he heard a low, un usual rustic up stairs, and a foot .wait to and fro in tho chamber whore tho corpse was hanging. Next the door was opened—though he had minded well that he had looked it— and then there was t* stop upon the landing, and it seemed to him as if tho corpse was looking oyer tho rail and down upon him where ho stood. Ho took up the candle again, and,- ns quickly as he could, went straight out of tlio manso and to tho far ond of the cause way, It was still pitch dark; the flame of tho candlo, when ho sot it on the ground, burned steady and clour as in a roomjnothing movod but tho Dule water, seeping and sob bing down tho glen, nnd tho unholy footstop that enmo toiling down the sUiire insido tho munse. Hu know tho footstop well, for it was Janet's; and at oach stop, whiol) canio a littlo noaror,tho cold got deojpor in his vitals. Ho commundod his soul to Him that made and kept him ; " and, oh, Lord," said he, " give mo strength this night to war against tho powers of ovil." V By this time tho foot was corning through nwumiro for tho door. He could hear a hand feeling along the wall, as if the fonr ftil thing was feeling its way. Tin* branches tossed and moaned together; a long siuli camo over the hills; the flame of this eandlo was blown about ; and there stood the eorpsie of Thrawn Janot, with her gingham gown and her black shawl, with the head still upon tho shoulder, and tho frown still upon the face of it—living, you would have said; dead, as Mr. Soulis woll knew—upon tho threshold of the manse. • Sfie did not stand there !on<r Sha - Imsr-'in' to move again, and camo slowly toward Mr. Soulis where lie stood under tho trees. All tho life of his body and tho .strength of his. spirit were starting from his eyes; -It seemed she was going to speak, but wanted words, and made a sign - with tho left hand. There came a gust of wind, like' a cat's-paw; out went the candle, the'tree tops moaned' like human beings, and Mr. Sotills knew that, live or die. this was tho end of it. "Witch, boldamo, devil 1" ' he cried, " I charge you by the power of God. begone! If you be dead, to the grave; it you be damned, to hell." ■ ... And at that moment tho Lord's own hand,, out of the heavens, struck the iiorror where it stood. The old, dead, desecrated corpse of tho witch-wife, bo long kept from the gravo and hustled around by devils, Hashed up like flaming brimstone, and fell in ashes to tho ground. The thunder came, peal on peal, followed by the pouring rain, and Mr. Soulis leaped through the garden hedge and ran, witii leap upon leap, for the village. That samo morning John Christie saw the black man pass the Muckle Cairn as it was striking six. Before eight he went by tho inn at Knockdown; and not long after Sandy McLellan saw him go slinking down the road J from Kilmkerlio. There's little doubt but it was him that dwelled bo long in Janet's budy. But ho was caught at last, and since then the devil has never troubled Balweary. But it was a sore dispensation for tho minister. Long, long he lay raving in his bed, and from • that hour to tliis he was a changed man.— " The Argonaut. 