fMLISHED hY SPECIAL AKBANOSUfiNT. FULL CRV Utefiard Jliiuj/t, Autuor «( "The Beetle: A Myiterr," "The Crime and the Criminal,'' ' " The Datchet Diaaeada," " Mrs. Muigrare and Her Husband," ♦* The Woman tritb Oae Hind," &c.;, to. oarrRiGHT. CHAPTER XX. Blaise Politob8ton Goes Hoich. f IP T w a « d a r k — d ar ker than he bad ex pected lteon fnaed bin. The face o I t h • coun try iru chan landmarks had been removed, objects with whioh he had been familiar, on whose eon* tinned presence he had confidently oounted, had vanished; others, of whioh he knew nothing, had taken their place. Nothing ww as it nsed to be. He not ooanted on finding himself so entire a stranger in a place with every inoh of which he bad supposed himself to be intimately acquainted. The passage of the years had left its impress even on that remote corner of the world. He was inclined to be sorry that he had set oat on the adventure. And yet he had felt himself incapable of running the risk of encountering such a reoep ticn us that suggested by Hiss Dewy, Hamilton. Triumphal arches, bran bands to welcome him home P That might not be. He wonld alight at the adjoining station, towards the eveniugy and would walk through the shadows, across the intervening stretch of oountry, home* He would arrive there, unheralded, un announced, with as little fuss or ceremony as if he had quitted it but an hour before, It would be best like that. But he Lad not grasped the situation as It, now presented itself to him. The night was ' unusually dark, the station but « atrip of, nUtfotm whioh served a scattered bamlet. I with it he left behind all visible signs of human existence. It was some six or seven | miles across country to Polhurston, through lanes, over a strip of woodland, through the home woods. That was as he remembered it. But he had not gone very far j before he discovered that at least in this | light, his memory played him faJse. A gate against whioh he suddenly came into contact brought him to a standstill, to disoovsr that he had lost his bearings. He had strayed off the proper road; the lane into which he had straggled was, apparently, am impasse unless they had gut a gate up since bis time. He retraced his steps, to presently plunge into what seemed t« fcis a labyrinth of twisting lanes. He stopped. He had a compass on Us chain. He manned it with the aid of a match. 80 far a* he oould judge, the lane in whioh he was was leading him in a wrong direction. And yet he oould not be sure. A few yards further it might tarn—set him straight upon his way. He tried to think where he might be. In vain* There was nothing to lend astdstanoe to his eyes. He wandered aimlessly on. It was strange how wholly absent were all signs of human habitation. It waa as if he had reached the end of the worid—which was unpeopled. It was true that thereabouts they might be early folk,* but, even if they had already retired to rest, surely in some house somewhere a light would be left bora* ing. But there was not a glimmer; behind, in front, to right or left, wherevct he looked, not one. He had sosroely realised, toll then, in how bare and bleak a oountry his boyhood had, in fact, been spent; how remote from civilisation, how out off from the world. It came upon him, with a sense of shock, how lonely a childhood his had been. He was returning now to that same wilderness, a lonely figure, lost in the night. It was very strange indeed thai there should be no houses, used as he had been, of late, to the life of a* great oity, their absenoe struok him as doubly strange. No houses ! Where, then, did the people live P Were there really none P Was he the oaly living oreature environed by the night P The iing began to weigh upon him like a pre *age of evil. Thereabouts were the folks all J cod P Was the world peopled oaly with ghosts P Were they walking at his ride, peering at him over the atone walls, scurry ing hither and thither across the eonntiy, uuheard, unseen f What wafe that noise P It was the sound of waters. What wss that breath upon bis cheeks P Was it not the whisper of the sea P What was the sudden, great blackness whioh yawned, all at once, in front of him, which made him suddenly stop short, whioh set him shivering P He was standing ui«qii the edge of the cliff—the Samphire Cliff. The knowledge of his whereabouts came upon him with an inBtant intuition. Down below him was the island—that reef of dreadful rooks. It waa against it the wave* were breaking—that was the noise which he hsd heard. Another step, he would have been over, hurtling through the air, rebounding from the jKiints of jagged stone, plunging into the whirlpool of the continually contending waters. Ajhe started bade he sweated. His knees shook. When he had retreated backwards, perhaps a dozen yards, ha subsided on to the ground trembling. What a narrow escape he had had 1 But it had at any rate made him acquainted with his whereabouts. There were the home woods, then, upon bis right. Ho advanoed <0 wordsthem gingerly, fedlog withooMtreiched arms for the stone wall which, he remem bered, girdled them. There it was. Ho recognised in it the presence of an old friend. There used to bs a gate further down the road, perhaps a hundred yards, 'ibis was not the part of the wood which he had boen making for. By some aocident, which he did not under stand, he had struck one end instead of the other. But to have found the woods at all was something. The gate which he was searching for opened into a grassv road whioh, in the old days, was wont to be used as a drive when a rare visitor was to be taken to enjoy the view from the Samphire Cliff look* ing towards Godrevy, It was the gate whioh was farthest from the house. The winding road passed both the upper and the lower lake*, through a part of the grounds which, in bad weather, was very like a swamp. He found it. The latoh emitted a grating sound as h" lifted it, the gate shrieked on Its rusty hin^L-K a* be throw it bnek. H«-entered the woodland road. The uij>Leiy of wo..ds whr ol'viouh even in the mpht. Up rh« re the winds were too pw /eat to permit of the tree* attaining to ifreut propor tions. Tlut, am be went iu farllier, »b<-ir aire inorenf"d. If the wind* wei-e against them, the ground was on their side. They wees sheltered by its rapid fall. Soon Blaise Pol bars ton knew that be was surrounded by monarohs of the forest. Thefr branches creaked and moaned; afar off came cries as of souls in pain. Here were living things; bMVSti but fetfifflJfTPy lifo & fgtHl . ing of feet, the scurrying of unseen oreatuic tbrongb Hie brosbwood, the oeoBdionil whir ring o) wings. The wood wa® far from Ailent. There w&b;, too, a preseuoa of another kind. He had not yet wboliy recovered from the shock of finding himself on the edge of the abyss. There was a still a flattering st his heart, which the place in wbieh he vmww not disponed to leasee. It wu peopled with memorial, tbejntre in whioh hit childhood was buried. He was tike a lost sonl, passing through ths shads* of wtoat onoe baa been his yooth. Bvery MDveownt ot &u;> bnuttchee —they were never stffl—'was a «gh for ths part, a i—it te Ae jmMoti a groan at tie piospeotof what waa still to oom» Tne forest «aa iateimait; half aflrightedly he groped through it-afl. Behind the truota of St trees, ever «Ihh mto and then be MuUed, apaatess glanced oat at kim ; presences nitst ba fall, although be U not see, rfirpTi whioh wen none the lefli aotuel, but rather the mom, beeaaw! thef mtm ««**• poreal. AH &a; waf ba waa hearted by demons. They grew thicker aa lie went. The place beauae diva with Uiem. He b«mn almost to pmuds bbuaH (bat ba would aee them with hia hodfly ^es : be could beat than with Ma **h- They gibbeted at Mm as be paaasd. Tboy touched aim. Was it possible ftar Uwinhed him f What wm that wUoh bmned egaiftet Us hair— which shared his <sheeks—which lUghtsi for an instant, on his eyelids? Ware they fingers f Of what f Of whom f Ha stopped suddenly* looking ahont Mm with bewildered #lanoes« What was that noise 9 Wsaffc not Uughtet? Who was Hnghtog afcbfaaiaa the shadow of ike trees f _ ... This was not to be borne, thai there shonld be foes on way hand) And he no none of them. He lk a match, .be would see br &e; light St ga*e, what might-be eeen. WmU it flickered, asbe was abort to seiseit to look round, something gcmoniif) struck it oat. He trembled so that the bo* fall from hia grasp. He listened. Again! Was that not langhter amneg Aa li«i ' Ha oonld not find the matohhftx, although he felt sore thatit had fallen jast at fcte feet. He eoold jaot feel It anywhere, etm br going down on bis knees. Was that it f Ifitwaa, then it was-emtfohed ewajr-yw, aa hia fingers were closing m it. What was the oanse of his feating that aomething, soweope, wa* playing trieka with hbnf His neme had Seen dueegaitised byhisexperienoeonthe cliff, The walk, prolonged beyond his ex flffffttiftMi had fiend bfas> tfeinflrios hu oom. .weeping owtia at an imprawiiaiebls moment. The surroundings were weird, the seen* awesome. They n«od to tell, in bygone daw, of the geihnatan ghost; at the wraith whkh, at at^t-UoM, bi the wood*, and to Ua in wait far nambata of tba fcaiHf, whan «rfl loaned oaarthafceue. .,, . , Itwasaaob tboughla aa faa* which bade fair to pl*T the fool .with bun. Ha ehook himself. Be woold pot them b&iad; hisa— !mt« the amiobbox when ft laj—haeten fame.. Itnwtt»|mmu W«' « bewaa not qidak, hia ooalng mih alana tbe beuee —that he did not want. He etrode down th« path a« rapidly ai the darimeM woold perait. Hers wae the eoiuid of nwniaff water. He w»» Bearing the »pper lake, fteaeotly, although the Uasknen (branded it almost wholly, he knew that he bad reached it. Ha fawied by the brink, pfwjpg through the shadows. Kouiu oonld be aeen. Ba eonid bear what he took to ba the *an*aiaenta of wild fowl, the Slaehhurof water orer the weir—that WM He passed an. A. doaing of the dark> neee, till it bong about bha liu a pall, made him oonaoioas that, about the la»e, it bed been, reUUreiy, light. He was rooring again ihroa^t the tfcioknese of the wood. All at onset eoavstfcinj? iashad into sadden radianee; so far as he ooold jadga, tX a di» taaoe of a bondred yards or more from wberehe was. It gleaaaad, like a star, then vanished, | Jearinc the darkness denser dun before. What was it? A wBl-'o.&e-wispf; Aglow worm? Hardly at that seasonal the year. Bttida it had borne no reseablaaoe to either. He wedtsteadily on.. It eama again: atiU, as it aeeved, the same distance in front. It was not a light in a hoase, nothing of the kind. It was like a flaah of fire, appearing to bim to have the property of showing, in the brief apace of (tednratioa, half-a-dott® difierent bnes. He adranoed more cautiously, watobing for its nappearanoe. It did not come Instead, there was borne in upon him, on a Kiiddeiu an absolute oon»iotion that some unseen thing was close at hand—something which was moving through the brushwood, keeping paoe at nls side. The instaqt he oonsoious ef this asauranoeg he stopped) and stood, and listened, end looked. He oouid see nothing, nor hear anything; but he kuew that there was something there, and that it had stopped when he atopped. He tried to speak to it, but could not—to move in its direction, bat his limbs were chained. With an effort he continued his advance, stumbling blindly on; hs knew that the some thing was moving too. Again there waa the sound of running water; he wss nearing the lower lake. Aabe reached it, there wasa eniaeh 1 Something had plunged into the lake. There waa a noise as of something struggling in the Water—a gasping sound, a< of fighting for breath. "Who are yon? Who's thsref" cried Mr. Polburaton, die tones ef his own Toiee filling him with honor and amaaewent All waa still. Only the noise of the weir disturbed the sIImmm. .... ... To have plunged into the bUnknus of the waters in search o! be knew not what would bave been an act of madness. If he remem bered rightly, quite otoee to the bank this lower lake wa» ten or twelve feet deep; while, here and there, were pools of unknown profundity. How did he know whet hiul fallen in—by aooidsnt or of set purpose. It might be some ereatnre of the woods. True, it had not eounded as if it were, but—what waa it then ? He did not stop to think. He rushed onward, resolving, when be readied the bouse, to tell his tale. In any cane, there was nothing he ooulddo, without light, alone. Bo soon aa he bad arrived on the opposite side, and was re-entering the forest's vast nMS, hs again became eonsoions that still thsnwas something at his aide; something, this time, whtoh bo oonld hear—for there was a swishing sound, aa M something waa being brushed against the trees and bushes as it went. It night have been a trick of bis imagination, but, as he tote wildly on, he seemed to detect a dnpping sound, as if drops of water were falling from bin invisible eseoeJatc. There was clearly audible, also, a panting, as ior breath. With sudden determination, of whtoh be himmlf was mi re than balf-afwd, swerving from the path 1>» dlulwd in the direction from which tl'O round prouceded. As he advanoed it retreated; he oonld bear it g*>lng farther and farther back among the trees. Under each circunietaneee, to follow it would be absurd. He returned to the path. It re turned with him i hs heard it come. He groped about for a atone, or other missile, toWl at it. Its persistence began to anger him. He oould #nd nothing ezospt were too lipfct assailed it with his "Confound you—wno are^^^^^^^^^H . ou want f What do you • t. iny aide? Get off. you brute This luht be said iu view of tbe posfl^^^^ uat it might h« Mime animal, desuoai^^H '(roan coiD|HJiii.-i)phip ; of whicli he w&sva;^l . rrora bciuif mih- Nothing shoved that w-oruH werr licHrit m when he moved the mff went witii luu.. ■ Vory good.' Wait uU we %vl uctuitr the ..sc, where there's more light; then wtfU ei; whol you arc, my friend, if you chooesto «uup me (tominuiy t>o fur." Soraethjnir laughed. Iu the laughter wo* a quality which made Mr. Polhunfton alaflrt iumn out of his skin. He quickened hispaas,. breaking into h J un. 60 swiftly, so hetid/eaaly did he go, that, before he knew that tbe thing was there, b dashed again nt a tree. 80 violent «u contact that, partially stunned, he dropped to bis knees. \t was a seoond or two before lie had regained bis eanses sufficiently to realise, with any clearness, what had happened. What aided their return as muoh as anything else was the discovery that be was surrounded by a sudden illumination. He scrambled to his feet, almost falling again, in his haste) over tbe tangled root, to And himself con fronted by Burnctliinc wli^h m heart stand still. It wa*» a giii—u --uo muod within three or foor feet of where he himself was standing. A sufficiently pretty picture 1 she presented illumined by the sadden, vivid 1 glow. But at sight of her he shrank back, shivering; the mood seemed to freeae in Us veins; there Was a bussing sound in his head as if his brain was bursting. " Helen!" he gasped. "Helen!" The rici made some slight movement whioh caused bim to divert his glanoe: whereupon ha perceived thai behind lier, a IHtle to ana side, stood a man, who b&d; her hand in his. 4lfihapeotttM muttered Blaise Fdhustoii* ** Helen !—my Ood 1•'' It was the woman to whoae skirts fee hid pinned his boyhood's faith; lor the lon-st whom he had wrecked his Hie. And tbeaa* was the friend who had beliayedhiin; wha had hounded the woman inta a aafcude'a grave, and for the recovery of whose murderer be— Blaise Pdlhursten—was himself augpoeed to' be offering a reward of £206. The virion" lasted but an Instant, then U faded. another moment, lb. PoHmrstoa watft«u»ff madly headlong throogh the dm-knees, dojr* the path. Nor did he check his paoe till the sa&den; widening of the path showed him that he had entered the main avenue which QMA&fbH; estate, as nearly as possible, into two {tat halves, and about tbe oento (b« home itwlf wu plued. Here ton* Rhnr of isuoa did retarn to him. Hi ^stopped to draw breath, and to wipeae-per 'apindon from hit brow. Hen, itUl moving quickly, bat at a pace which mora aeafy approached discretion, lie started an Attest etage of hie journey. , ■.; r! < Alraoet immediately, howwrer, to stup •gain. For, down a by-path, oame a figure bearing a lighted lantern in ita band. It was tbe figure of a woman. Bhe *«•* long cloak, which fell to her fest,1henood being drawn over ber head. As be ftdvaaoei, ahebeld up ber laatem to; tint its'0Aa' ahoneon him; then, with an exolunitlon, ahe moved towards him, with outxtretdlea hand. " \\\ "BUiee," she cried. Tbere 'was bowir Piu in her voice; oaly pleuure. "JVana) knew you were enmur, eo I made hute to meet you." s It waahil mother 1 Blaiu f dbuntop bad returned home: '. fio as ooKranao.] FC-IB 