FEDERATION- AND FINANCE. T b s b udget epeeeh delivered by M r. tsHrELs in the V ictorian Assembly last w eek oocupied fonr and a-balf boars, and it is prt'dicied th at it will be known in history as th e “ E x h austive B udget," I t touched upon & variety cf subjects which m ight well have been left&kmo; or p :s*poned till some more convenient occasion, but here and th ere, alm ost hidden under a m ass of extraneous m atter, it is possible to discover tboogbls and opinions th a t should commeod them ­ selves to tbe Pai'liam euta of all tbe colonies at tbe present time. T he statem ent m ade by Mr. Sbiglb is in all probability th e la st th a t will be subm itted to th e V ictorian Aeaembly prior to the adveot of Federation, and he neoeasarily referred to tbe im pending change and the p rep arations th a t should be r ade to meet it. “ F ederation," he declared, u m eant that each S ta te Parliam ent would bave to oonsider th rift iu national fio&nocs;, and a reduction in tbe cost or num bers of th e local Parliam ent, aud all the paraphernalia around it." A sim ilar opinion -bae been expressed by M r. H o ld ir , the South A ustralian Treasurer, w ho baa suggested drastic retrenchm ent in local affairs ; w hilst Sir W illiam L th e has publicly stated th a t a sim ilar policy will have to be followed in th e parent colony. W e bave referred lo th is m atter in regard to T asm anian finance again a n d again, and hoped (h at our views would have been shared by mem bers of tb e House of Assem bly, expeoting th at th ey would h a rs reoogoised tbe need to practice economy prior to aB6umiog responsibilities of an u n ­ know n extent. R efecting to tbia ipect of tbe snbjeot, Mr. Hbibls re ­ m arked, “ H on. m em bers would see that i f we were wise and were doiog our d u ty to Federation and to tb e province, which ought to expect from us o n r allegianes, we m ust sail tb e ship of S tate ioto th a t uncertain future w ith every sail olose- reefed on every m ast of expenditure." W e bave reason to believe th a t a eeetion of tb e House of Assem bly has recognised the need for resistin g so y fu rth er increase in tbe oost of the Governm ent, but tb e decision oomes som ewhat late in the day in view of the extravagance whioh baa been sanctioned in >gard to tbe vioe.regal establish­ m ent, indeed m uch m ore drastic measures will have to be taken if tbe financial equilibrium is to be m aintained. The n«0€Eiity for radical retrenchm ent in our local affairs cannot be denied uolesa it ia contem ­ plated th a t g reatly increased taxation will be resorted to. Tbe moat ardent advocates of Federation have all along adm itted th a t it would involve a heavy loss to the Treasury, bus they pointed o ut th a t tbia would be partly recouped by savings effect* d in (be cost of governm ent, and that after adopting some system of taxation to make up for tbe Iobs created by tbe abolition of intercolonial Customs duties tb e people would be richer, because tb e whole am ount rem itted would n ot be takon from them, though tbo S ta te T reasurer would bo am ply recouped. It has been persistently declared th a t in th e earlier years of -practically the experimental period—the m ost rigid economy will bave to bo exercised, but it would appear th a t those who preached this dootriuo ou the Federal huatiuga have forgotten all abont it, or elee ihcy Iirvo thanged tb e ir opinions, now th at A ustralian Ubioa has actually been accomplished. T be expenditure proposed by M r. B ird is tbe largest yet o u tliocd,and tho average m ember of P arliam ent seems even more determined tb an a t any previous period in our h istory to assail th e Treasury with demands for public works, eonveuieBoefi.and luxuries. T be M inister of W o rk s' has subm itted proposals which, if assented to, will increase tb*> fublic d ebt of the Colony, and add to the annual interest bill, ao th at instead of oloee-raefing our expenditure we a re preparing to hoist akyeails end royals so th a t Tasm ania may oraeh in to an unknow n ocean with every s*itoh of canvas sat. Clearly M inisters who propose such a policy, aud representatives of ibe people who endorse it, m ust have a very im perfeot perception of tbe difficulties and uncertainties of th e situation, and disregard the responsibilities whioh rest upon them This little colony, by a policy of m anly self-reliance and etlf-denial, bss ju st about liquidated the debt created d u ring the years of depression, and jta people ought not to readily forget th e lesson th at baa been experienced. O ertaiuly P a rlla - moot should avoid sanctioning a policy which th reatens to bring about a re ­ petition of th e straggles aud trials of the last few years. I» it possible th a t P arliam ent oaonot b ring itself to un d ertak e th e teak of am ending the C onstitution and reducing the expen. dituro iu view of tb e new order of governm ent tt at will be inaugurated od Jan u a ry l«t f This may or may not be th e oasc, and it certainly cannot be asurrtained until hon. members e r naked to express th eir opinions. They have not, it is lrne, bren invited to praeioe economy, b ut by negativing the proposals for increasrd expenditure thoy m ay ju st aa em phatioally attest thoir fidelity to du ty and th eir resolve to avoid riskiog the necessity for imposing additional taxation. M inisters have refused to rem it Customs duties, contending th a t by increased cxpanditore on works wbiob will bene fit produoert th»y are conferring groater advantage upon the people. T he tw o policies, however, are dietinot and different. A remission of Customs d n tirs—even to tbo extent to which i t is proposed to increaso th« ex p enditure—woold bave aa«isled all tbe people, w hilst an outlay upOD publie w orks, though i t will belp tbe min» v and th e farm er, will aonfsr n<> dvantages npon o th er eootions of the com m unity. I t m ust be rem em bered, also, th a t these publio works will have tb e effect of increasing onr nnnual in te re st paym ent, and will (bus constitute an additional oharge uponull th e people. M r. S eusls, it> Viotoria, »nd M r. Holdjeb, in Sooth Auatralia, advocate a policy of c&uiioue; econom y; M r. B ird proposes to take no th o u g h t of tbe federal morrow, b ut to m ake provision for ♦xponditore to th e fu ll am ount of rovtnuo, which he anticipates will exceed th a t of the ourreut year, as well as th e outlay of ^ fa rth e r sum i which is to be obtsined on loan. The prinoiple upon which th e fiusnoial policy of tho Governm ent is bnsad was too flippantly discussed in th e debato whic i followed the T reasurer’s statem ent, buf there is y et tim e for hon. members to rotrievo tbeir position and avert an expenditure w hich will certainly be unwiBo in the present Iraosieut condition of onr State The cablegram from tho Agent* G eneral, which reached tbe P rem ier yesterday, should go a very long way tow ards rem oving some G re a t of tho complications W e ste rn which have beaet the R ailw ay.. G reat W ostera R ailw ay Comp-iny, and it will, doubtless, giro very g nornl satisfaction. Tho prom oters have already made a substantial cash deposit, aud expended a considerable Bum of money iu compliance w ith th eir undertaking, nnd they arc now prepared to employ 200 men in completing tho survey and proceeding w ith the construction of the line uutil the money m arket resumes its normal condition, and enables th *- Company to be floated. U nder such conditions Parliam ent would not be justified in refusing to extend *be privileges granted to th e Oom pauy' for a period of twelve m onths. I t has only to bt* rem em ­ bered th a t the privileged in connection w ith tbe V D.L. Company’s lip© were extended w ithout auy such satisfactory manifestation of bona fides ea th e G reat W estern Syndicate offers in order to prove the equity of tho claim m ade. W e believe th a t M inisters will regard tbo proposal favorably, and even those members of P a rlia ­ m ent whp m ost strongly disapproved of any Governm ent assistance being given to tbe Company, will be unlikely to oppose the extension asked for. is tim e the company either m ade a sta rt o r gave up tho ghost," was the opinion expressed by th e m atter of fact and emincn*ly fair-m inded mem ber for Lyell, and eodoreed by some oi hers. M r G affney bad no prejudioe ngainpt tbe Company, but, tike a good many other people, be was w eary of the complications th at p resented them selves a t every tu rn , b u t now th a t the company is ready “ to m ake & s t a r t " by the em ploym ent of 200 men, wo feel certain th a t he and several others who voted fo r the rejection o f th e A m ending B ill a few weeks ago will see fair play between the prom oters and the Colony. There are, of course, a few members of P arliam ent who, a s far os th is project is concerned, are absolutely irrcoon- •ilablp, and there are others who are imbued with strong provincial p rejudices, yel we feel certain th at P a r­ liam ent as a body will do th a t whiVh is rig h t, and agree to tho very reasonable and t-Qbstantially endorsed proposal that hag jnst b eo made to the Prem ier. A ll uncODBcioasly the 'H o b a rt City Couocil is com piling a book of Revelations. The latfst chapter d .als w ith Civic Concerto, Civic Concerts, and closes abrnptly a t the point at which it m ight possibly have been interesting. Wo learn from the facte adduced on M onday th at the Town H all Comm ittee are well satiefied with (he system applied (■. ihese entertainments, b u t none of the AJdormen Boom to be quite able to explain w bat th it system really is. Alderm an B enjamin, who is reputed to bn a t'rlLTnbly fi'irewd and obsorvaut gentlem an, failed to underfitand the explanation that was given, and expressed the opinion th at tbe system in v-'gne represented “ a most nnbusinesH like tronsaotioD," and declared th a t “ tho sooner it was given up the better for all concerned." H e was pationt in bis pilgrimHge for inform ation, and deserved bettor results than those obtained. I t is very difficolt to obtain inform ation regarding municipal m atters, for if we m ay adopt a not altogether eimilo we may say th a t tbo City Council ofteo resembles a disappearing targ et. Tbe object ie exposod a t long range, aud ie then suddenly w ithdraw n, leaving au absolute blank where it stood. Tho W aterw orks bueinpse, w ith all its mystery, or apparent mystery, is a case in point, and these Civic Concerts fam ish another instance. According to tho Mayor, th e Council accepts no financial risk iu tho m atter. If there happens to be a profit it goes to the “ Piano F ond," w hilst if there is a Iosh th e Couuoil incurs no responsibility. It ia aomewhat difficult lo understand how thie adaptation of the ■jBtem of “ beads I win, taili yon lo se" can bo anplied to what are term ed “ Civic concerts, and it certainly differs considerably from th e proe' dure adopted in regard to aim ilar entertainm ents in Melbourne, whore tbe Mayor is personally re ­ sponsible* The Town H all Committee of the H o b art Council is “ qaite satisfied," and w hilst we do n ot ventu re to say th at they have every fraaon to approve of w hat is done w© a re b u t voicing th e opinion of tbe general public when we oxpress reg ret r hat th*y are onablo to explain th e m atters referred to by Alderman B enjamin, whona opinion, caudidly exprotsed, will bo very widely endorsed, and should command attention. Cbina and Contraband or War.—A proclamation woe uaued to-day by Hia Bxcellanoy tbe Administrator, through the medium of a Gazette Extraordinary, prohibiting the export d^rm a, machinery’ or gooda of a character which may be described »• warlike, from TaemaDia to China. It is understood that thie proclamation ha# been ieeued through instructions received from thu .Secretary of State for the Colonies, and that a similar proclamation ie being published FimultaDQoualy throughout tbe wkclo of tho Australian colonies. SvriiRirR Codrt-A eitting of the Supreme Court iu its £100 Jurisdiction was to have been held to*day, bur. the two cases on tbe list -were settled before the Court opened. * E ast Bat Nick Excunfuoir—The se. Huon, with tbe Parlietnonrary party on hoard, left thie morning for East Bay Neck to inepeot the site of the propoeed canal Among Ibe guest* were the Hon G T C.llins (Chief Secretary) end the Hon K. Moloahy (Minister of Lauds and Works) The Garrison Band accompanied tbe party. £10 disoount given to pmcbaeers of Urinsmnad Tiauoe during pale P lodohino Matcu—I’lie •’&tobridK-e; ploughing match will be held at “ L* Belle Alliance *' on Wednesday, September 12\. There will be cbampiou, necocd claea, third class, fourth cIasb, and doable farrow matches >also trial of buptera and chopping match. Eutriee for the latier close on September 6. Come and et*e tbe nicett and cheapest Jackets end Cepes in H -hart Cost prices for one month only, cw irt and Co. WmmbW Arsy&AIilA; AKD FsDXKATtOH. ■ —The Hob the Premier has received tbe following message from Sir John Forrest, Premier of Western Australia—'■ Have pleasure in informing you that addressee to Hor Majesty were passed by both Routes of Parliament thia afternoon, preying that Western Australia may be admitted as an original State of the Federal Commonwealth of AoatraUa.*1 Mr Lewis has replied congratulating Sir John Forrest aud the people of Western Australia upon completing the last etep which will enable that colony to join the Commonwealth aa an original State. The cttt'b H erlth—When the question of increase in salary for Mr Mauit, the •Secretary Central Board of Health, was being diecuesed in the Honee of Assembly recently, Mr D. C. Urquhart, ex- Attorney- Geocral, who, no doubt, was keenly feeling the heavy loss he had been subp'cted to by typhoid fever, spoke at some length, and in as omphalic a manner as possible, on the unhealthy condition of the city. He said : “ 1 was going up Murray street, hut tbe stench from tbe gutters was so great I had toteke the centre of the road. In Davey itrert I was forced to adopt the same course, and alio in several other streets. The place reeka with typhoid fever, and thousands of young people ere dying from it, and nothing done to remedy it, while you are spending money on a plague that has never, nor is likely, to reach onr shores." For thie statement he was taken to task by tbe city members, while Dr Crowther challenged him to prove his words, as the statistics were most favorable to Hobart. Mr Urquhart was content to abide by the statistics, as he knew they wonld prove what be said right up to the hilt. But the report furnished yesterday to the Central Board of Health was very satisfactory, and proved that Mr Uiqubart, as usual, was speaking without his book. For July only five cases of typhoid fever had oconrred in the colony, with one death, but not one case io Hobart. There had been 18 cases of scarlet fever and no deaths, and 14 cases of diphtheria with two deaths. But taking the whole of the past season tbe figures prove conclusively that Hobart’s health had been remarkable, the death rate being greatly below the avenge. The CoHDfO Season,—The Hon. Henry Dobson, in moving tbe adoption of the annual report of the Tourist Association, Baid that for eeven years the Association had been working to provide amusements in the evening for the tourists who visit, us. Although they had continually aaked for assistance in this matter they bad not up to the present obtained it. Tourists had told him th at tbe days pas«?d cff very nicely, but th at tbe evening* were very dull. This, Mr Dobson said, was deplorable,and it was tim e that steps were taken to provide a park or other public place where the visitors could go and pass a pleasant evening, where they conld obtain refreshments and talk over the events of RThe great Brinsmead Piano sale on fo 10 days only. Tremendous sacrifice. Cxntral Boabd or Health — An ordinary meeting of the Central Board of Health was held yesterday, when the following busineoa was transacted Returns from tbe Australian colonies showed that the bubonic plague was diminishing in every solody where the outbreak had occurred. Action is to be taken to make registration of deaths com puls ry before burial. The quarantine restrictions imposed during tbe plague scare hare been removed, while the Secretary is to report on the fumigating machine at Launceston aa to meetiug the Board’s requirement* AirangemnntB arc to be made for the visit of medical men to country districts for vaccination purposes st cost not exceeding Gs per child. A u<-xi<\us trades area of 600 acres has been declared at North Mount LyelJ. Skinnor’s appointment aa health officer at Gormaniton and Mount Lyell has been approved. The Board confirmed the opening of the Launceston Homrcepathic and Queenstown Hospitals subject to more space being provided. Log Cabin and Wplcome Nugget Tobaccos, at Ckabns Bros/, Elizabeth and Murray streets. UujTRRsm or T asmania.—At the meeting of tbe Council of the University of Tasmania held yesterday afternoon, the application of H rT . Maloney, a candidate for Admission to the L.L B. examination, to be exempted from attending lectures, was discussed atsom e length. Mr Stops pointed ont th at this candidate had recently passed his law examination some or the subjects be would be required to take up for the LL B. examination. Brentually it wae agreed to grant the application on the understanding that the exemption wae only to apply to this yoar'i ramiostion A.N.A.—At th e Rialto lost evening th© Hobart branch of the Australian Natives held a special quarterly meeting. Mr A J. Nettlefold, president, occupied the chair. Mr C. G. Smith was elected a member, and Mr W. Oakes was nominated. A motion was carried that the contingency fund be reduced to 6d. It waa decided that a delegate be sent to the conference of boards of directors in Melbourne in November, and H r A. J. Nettlefold was appointed delegate. The president gave a brief account of his visit to the West Coast to open branch a t Gormaniton with a membersh of 72, and his visit to Zeehan aod Queens* town. £6 deposit and two years terms without interest given to porchasere of Brinemead Pianos. Hobart H unt Club—A meeting of the members of tbe Hobart Bunt Club waa held last night at the Cathedral Chambers, Mr Elliott Grant in the chair. 2t was decided to ran at Sorell next Saturday, and to hold a trfjal of Hunters on l i t September, the programme for tbe latter to include Maiden Trial, Member’s Cup, Open Trial, Cigar and Umbrella Race, and the Queen’s Cross Race, for members of the TaLsmanian Mounted Iofantry. It was also resolved to finish tbe season with the Broadmarsh run on the 8th September. On that occasion the members of the club and tbeir friends are, as usual, to be entertained at dinner by M r and Mrs Tonke, of “ Jordan Home,’1and in the evening the residents of the district ars te hold a aance their honor at the Brighton Hall. The Trial of Banters and the Broadmarsh run ara looked forward to with particularly pleasurable anticipations. Bans or H ors—The members ef St George’s Bond of Hope gave a creditable and enjoyable entertainment last evening, whan tbe soboolroom was well filled. The first part of the programme consisted of musical and vocal solos. There were alio imtrnmsntal items by Miss Cripps* string orchostra, aod a banjo solo by Master T. Midwood. Recitations were also nicely givftu. The second p art of the programme consisted of a dialogue in character, illustrating the evils of InUmparauoa, and was most creditably performed. The tinging of “ God 8ave the Queen" brought the entertainment to a close. Capital investment. Purchase a Brinsmead £10 off London prices dnring sale. T sls F irst an thn Mabkst—George Watt, hairdresser and tobacconist, has much pleasure in inf<->*K: ;; Lis numerous ensvomen that he ha» just unpicked a very choice case of Havelock Tobacco in 4oe tini, in full medium and light strsngtb. Also, that his celebrated Log Cabin is eelling rapidly, and those desirous of purchasing should come a t onoe to avoid the crush.* University o» Tasmania—By advertise ment it will be seen th at the last day for the payment of entry fees, degree examination, is September 1, and that the last day for payment of third term lecture fees is D seems a* if we are in for a continue' tioo of thia wet weather, for it reined on tiunday last, the 16th inst., that being &t; Swjibin’s Day, and, as the old proverb says, MSt Swihhin’a Day and it do rain for forty day it doth remain j 8t Switbin’e Day and it be fair, for forty days it rains na mair," So yon had better be prepared to ba tie against the elements by weariog on of onr Gents’ Mackintoshes, 19s f, or Dluey coat 11s fid | Bluey ITrousers, Us tld j illney Suit, 89s 6d j Overcoat, with Cape, 16s 6d ; fioc’-Westors, 2s lid i Oil Coats, leather bound, 15a fid %Oil irouaets, 8s lid | Umbrellas, from 2s lid to ,12a Gd j Ladies’ Ulsters, 6a lid { Cares, Qe lid i Umbrellas, le lid , 2a Cd, 2a lid, 8b 0d, 4b lid , up to 12s 64. A. E. P lajstk s and Co., Toe People's Drapers, 06 Ehxaheib street (Lloyd s Buildings), Log Cabin and Welcome Nugget Tobaccos, at Cka&nb; Bros.', Elisabeth and Murray streets. 