\- - Dawson's Portrait. R 0 aro givon to understand that tiio most rocont acquisition to tboso oharming portraits . which adorn Ibo walls of the Ereoutiva Chamber, tbo Holy of Holies In Iho Trtnsury 4 . Buildings, is that of Mr. Dawson, who bad . . . the unique nrivilcao of acennlimr th„ : -hip until ths mo-ting of tho Houso— longer , ho was not permitted to rrmnin. Wo oan '«8?lno tbo exquisllo glow ol siliifaolloo : -vhleh provnd«d Mr. Dawson's porson in oon- 'emplating his lineaments whon transferred i ;v. .. to oanvsss, to ho handed down to admiring posterity in association with the portraits oi v M'llwralth, Griffith, and othors, whoso wholo f r ' lotions and policy ho spent nil his timo and l-'honr in vilifying and misrepresenting. In caso historians of Iho luluro ehould bo oblivious of Iho fact ol Mr. Daweon's f ihomcral greatness, and thnt the trifling ,S - tno dent of his il'cting enaich of office should in buried in oblivion, Mr. Dawson look tho I ooantlon of eo'ioltlng Mr. to apply to ' (r. t0 havo his portrnit taken, and slso 'J havo itauuiiltod to tho cxccutivu chambor, : Mia J.liccd with tboso who occupied tho ' h ghost political circle, sa that hia country Is now the p oarl possessor — at its own czpense -oi a fai hfnl portrait of Mr. Dawson : and v. .' at what cast? Tho conditions of nccjptsnco .. . C iho office of Pr.mo Minister are (bat the \- : pnthimn (o whom It is oflrred must, ! otero ho tRb!o3 his ncccpfanco, fully jV - . werlain that he has tho oonQdonoo of tho . slousp, and rIa'o an honorable R6uranco to r ibo Governor thnt ho can retain office for a reasonable lime; but It turned out that no ground whatever existed far tbo assurAuco uvea by Mr. Dawson to Her Msjoaty'a rrpre- ,'t ''ntalivo ti that offool, for tho moment the tfoueo met It was evident no members save tha Labor metnfcera, had any oonfidence in Hr, Dawson whnt-vor. ThoD.vweon Ministry .!. . aoa the moment it oamo into existence; It wis virtually stillborn; it wr.s greeted with .? ,0,ar3 ' teujjLter on rcolng thtm seah them -.elves on the Miniiloiial bsncbca, although .. its formal decease was delayed by talk for an hour or two ; when a division was taken— a «»vhion which oDly Bervod to oraphasiss an ! ' bvlous fact— wbioh was that tho Houso would not tolerate Mr. Dawson'a cxlstenoo as .ts leader for ouo minute ; to projervo there fore, under tho olroumstanecs, Mr. Dawson'a ploturc aa a bona fide Premier of Queensland is, to anyono possessed of tho s'lphtast sense of humor, a delicious joko ; but, never tbelc-F.-ho was Premier, If only for five njjnutcs, and boing supremely vain, and an f."- arJeJoorat at heart, ho pathotically desires to keep this npjsodo of bis career promlnonlly before an admiring poster fly, who, whatever ibo term of office, may consider ono Premier as good as anolbor. At what cost did he obtain IhJs questionable distinction? Com- raorco Buffered, and public business was nn- sett.ed, and sevornl menFurca of great oon- scqaonco to tho peoplo w-rs postponed, amongst which woro tbo nrnns of giving Mitel to too dro'u>thtfllr'cken graz'ors nnd seloelors fn (he wflBt. This Is tbo prloo wo have fo piy for Dawsou's p'clurc. But as -. Jgelnat tbia (hu nation has (he pioud conrelctiB-cte of fooling Itself tho possessor if of, Mr Pnwsjn's picture in a chaste and . handsome frnmo. at Mr Dawron's 3ollcUntioo( and at their own expenBp. Theco bo thy Gods, Uu Labor coomlisLs Exoiianqb. 