THE STORYTELLER. M-YKUIRINO; IMAGINATION. By ]». l.onGK 11KKVKV. "Imagination." said the lady ] assencer, "is a!l non-ense." "Indeed," said the second oJricor. A brisk four days' ;i.rtat;on at sea. founded on a slight aivntair.tanee in Syd ney. had prepared him for the rapidity with which this particular lady passenger's rIioultJi;~ riew from one subject to anotner. ;i»i: be waited for !.or next riiiutk. "1 have no imagination." The second oiiioor prided himself on l>c in_r able to make lonvers.'.tion on any topic. IVrha; - thai hm« why he had mi. ii a !ar_e i ii l ie of iiininine trunds. and the reason lie was the jui>-=t ) opular ojiin r in the mu* of liie compain . i'i;t In. had had his day. and now the lady : ;>«t ss^i-r was to have her-;. IVfore the mischievous c'am-c? Tc-r-a Drumiiinml lie had gone down a> if sh"t. ami had made up h> nmid that siio siiou d m>t leave the --hip without some k:mi "i an Ljidu-Mii'liitj: !v:wo-.;i them. \N :th that j-urpoH- in view. in- !u».i !vi>n senvh:ng :or her O'li the ev, nivw' the '.our. h day out. ami at lost !i,:d i-mnd her reading m the saloon. The corner w;i« i.,sy. ami to a certain extent private. hut rmt enough so for a man vor.u mpi.-uing a proposal "I heref.-.re it was with the idea of at once mnvinj their ou.iru-rs tiiat he caught tip Miss Drumninnd's subject to make it serve his own ends. "Surely," he said, "you do yourself in justice." Miss Drummond raised her eyebrows. "I consider myself particularly fortu nate," she said. "Imaginative people are noi happy. The nerves of the poor things pet out of order: they are over- sensitive, r.nd take queer fancies. My sister Isabel has enough imagination for both of us. No amount of persuasion would induce her to sleep alone in a room. She sees ghosts, which turn out to be innocent pieces of fur AMAZON CORPS RAISED BY LADY DOUGLAS. WELLINGTON, NEW ZEALAND, FOR THE PURPOSE OF TAKING PART IN A GARDEN PARTY AT GOVERNMENT-HOUSE, TO-ASSIST IN' RAISING FUNDS FUR EQUIPPING MORE MEN FOR SOUTH AFRICA. The corps proved very successful, both as regards drill snd attraction. It was chief factor in collecting £<00 resulting from the fete. nirnre. and hears strange sounds she insists are human cries and moans, ;.u; 1 know are cl.V caused Ly the wind." "D.ci you evei try the efiect of other r-ec pie's imagination on you?" asked the second oiricer. "Yes." laughed Miss Drummond. "My old nurse tried that on me many a time, and it was aiways a failure. .^he mixed powder and jam together, and said. 'Now, we'll just imagine its aii jam. and we'll see how nice it will be.' But it was very nasty all the same. Imagination doesn't help one a bit." "Ah. your nurse did not know the right way to work the oracle," said the second officer. "I've made lots of people drink SQUAD OF AMAZONS AT FIRING EXERCISE. " (W. Castle, Wellington, Photo.) cantor oi! and say they like it. just by mak ing thoin i: iuiy." Miss Prutiinviid looked dubious. "Do \oi; r.'.oan :h.i: you mesmerised them':'' ".W'r ^uiro that. Sortie people. of course, !\v.:-:v a stronger ir.tluer.ee than others, 'out 1 wvu\i undertake to make you imagine ,m\;iiiriti 1 like by simply willing you to do £V. "1 am sure you wovildn't sueeeed. riCTlUE FROM LAPYSMTTH, FROM A PHOTOGRATH BY H. KISCH, LADYSM1TH. TliE KOXTGEX RAYS SHOW A MAUSER lU'LLET IX THE ARM OF A BRITISH OFFICER.-("CAPE TIMES.") Haven't I told you that 1 Lave no imagina tion?"' "You would make a good subject, then. Come on deck and I'il prove 1 am rifilit. Tliere is too much light here, and the people passing in and out would distract your thoughts." "It is rather hot in here." she decided, throwing down the book which had given rise to the discussion. "Lead and I fol low." The second officer knew a secluded spot, and thither he led Miss Drummond. Two chairs were already there, placed sociably together. "Now," said Rathmore, seating himself beside Tessa, "all I want you to do is to keep your mind ns hi;ink ns possible. You must not look at the stars or nnytliinp, so to souno the plaeidity required 1 shall blindfold you. Will you lend tue your Jjandken hief. please':" "Oil. won't it do if 1 shut my eyes?" "No; tlir very effort to keep llie eyes closed would disturb you." "Very well. Here it is." He tied the wisp of embroidered muslin round lar ejes. "Now," he began, "I shall try the in fluence of my mind on yours, and what ever 1 want you to imagine you will do so. 1 daresay, for instance, that you think that J am holding your right hand in mine?" "Of cnui>e. 1 thought that was part of the performance." "Not at all. My right hand is at pre sent in mv coat pocket. ,\nd if I swore to you that my left arm is round the back of my chair and not round your waist, as you appear to think, what would you say?" "That it certainly feels uncommonly like it, then," said Miss Dram mood in the de MI/INIX RIIH'I: IN COMMAND : HOARDING THE TRAIN.-C TIMES cidod tone of one who know what she was talking about. She jerked her chair away. "AH imagination, I assure you; and I shall prove it to you if you will please sit where you are foi a few seconds. Now, this rtully is my right hand clasping your left, and 1 shall place my other hand on your right; so you see it would be impossible for me to have my arm round your waist at the same time." "Ugh!" shuddered Miss Drummond as the cold fingers touched her right hand. The sensation reminded her of the mock KKOli " 1»S AlWULUU. <% "? ""'I SEVENTH PHOTOGRAPHIC t?iJill'KTJTIOX- ? sconce that had taken place the night be fore in the saloon, when one of the BO called spirit-hands had rested for a mo ment on hers, and chilled her with cold clauiminebg. "Yes," paid the second officer, "I have been holding the brass work, and one's hand 6oon gets cold." Tessa could not help laughing. "1 wish you were not bo egotistical in your imagining, Mr. will your arm back There, that's bettor, imagine something l>lc ily, ior inElance; thai MR. HKNKY OJl'KLAXLl, \ppointed Agent-Genera! f- r ,\\.-w S or could you make me ciimii the ma;!, or even " Hut the sentence «. rn-w-r finished. ir ^Dru'umond. : *>.» « stubby moustache brush aga'n-t i.> i clie.k. >;ran; to her feet, tore awiy ih. V:tt.lker.-i>K.o| stood. liL-r eyes abia?. '!i looking at the second ? . Hut lie. quite uuaKvnvni his «J triimij hantly in the .< i. "Vive I'imagiri.itiiii)! N w, Jl> Drut iiiniui, are you guiu- ? ? ? '? Need?" Mi?* Drunimond ft<»? n instant with out sneaking. then tiiv filing in lifffra died down, and she . "Your methods are v.1. <nnvincing- Bn I am afraid you are a v . <lancerou> mi Mr. Rathmore. I hop 'i will not thai of trying your imftn-jia? on 11'® ' »c may be it |I1S ? us on iJje wrong irnW;. » cud to tJie mischief you might do Ruthmore IrieJ in !<'<»'. easier for the moxl jiii)niTiit-fa«T ?. out hair on his ]i|s 10 Juofc l. . 0] Uian with a baby muustatije J'*e second officer's. ( "Why," continued Tessa, J w<lie even possible for you to make a "i;r uiiinit murder?" he assented. "That has been done l,v ^-estion, but the subject is then quite u'n. ;,M'ious, and the power called 'mesmer iMH _ , i well, I am sure you can do quite en ; - i mischief in the other way. Think," she . ?mtinued, stooping to disentangle the ni her dress which had caught on the canvas chairs, "of every poor girl you have b)ru; }it up here, and made her imagine your' ;irm round her waist when you were on Iv embracing the brasswork." Tii'1 second officer fell on his knees, osten sibly to release the 6kirt, but in reality to Jet;iin Miss Drummond while she listened to Ins proposal. How can you be bo cruel to suggest any thing of the kind," answered the second of tiar. "when you know that no other girls have the slightest attraction for me, be cause 1 love you and want only your love?" "Jlush! there's someone coming." "1 don't care! Let 'em come. Do you love Die?"' "Please get up, Mr. Rathmore; you do look so ridiculous kneeling there." "1 shall stay here until you answer me, men if the old man himself come by. Tell me. \ou will be my wife some day?" .Mi>s Druinmond's face was close to his as i-hi1 stooped and jerked her dress away. The murmured "Yes" might have been only i breath, it %vas so very faint; but the seniiicl officer caught the sound. He would haw clasped her in his arms; but Tessa was already half-way across the deck in the direction of the companion, and the second ollicer stood, comparing the wind-tossed >l;irt <if a very ordinary yachting dress to tli" tintiering wings of an angel. Ihen he : irked up something like the model of a hand, which, with its uncanny fingers, was 1 >:t;^ on the deck, and with a self-satisfied Minie lie took himself off to his own cabin. Tii" steamer reached Wellington early iii'xi morning, and in consequence the se r.-i:d otiieer did not enter the saloon until some time past his usual breakfast hour; hut ho was pleased to observe that Mrs. Dninmiond and her daughters were still at the table. The girls were looking fresh and dj'.inty m summer muslins and pretty hats. 'J'i'.-sa gave him a demure look, and swift smile. A man, evidently a Wellingtonian who had come aboard to meet his friends, wa? talking to Mrs. Drummond. The lady lonkeij up as the oflicer took his place at the head of the table. "(>"od morning, Mr. Rathmore. What lovely weather we shall have for going ashore? Quite still for Wellington, I believe. Do y.iu get leave to-day?" "N", unfortunately. The first officer is a n. : ried man, and his wife lives at this MESS TENT, SOUTH AUSTRALIAN REGIMENT. ONE OF GENERAL FRENCH'S LANCER PATROLS UNDER CROSS FIRE. ("THE SPHERE.") RECONNAISSANCE IX FORCE WITH GENERAL FRENCH'S CAVALRY ON THE FREE STATE BORDER, NEAR COLESBERG.-("ILLUSTRATED LONDON NEWS.") port, so I am on duty." The second officer looked appealingly towards Miss Drum mond. She would not meet his eyes, so he addressed himself to the sister, a girl about sixteen. "AVell, 5fiss Isabel, you are very late con sidering the early hour at which you re tired last night?" "They were beginning to nlay games like a lot of children," said Isabel in tones of supreme contempt, "and I had to play or go, bo I chose to go." Everybody laughed. Tessa said:-"The mere fact of your trying to shirk games shows how very young you are, Isabel. Now I rather enjoy them, when they are amus ing. Mr. Rathmore knows a most interest ing game." The others looked at the second officer, but he was deeply engrossed in the menu, so Miss Drummond proceeded to explain. "It's really wonderful! One person by thinking of anything he likes can make another imagine the same thing." "Oh, I know," said Isabel, "we used L0 play that at school. Two girls would put their hands on a third girl's shoulders, and make her do anything they liked. We called it 'willing.' Alice Martin fainted one day, so Miss Hunter stopped the perform ance altogether." "Quite right, too," said the stranger. "Those games are dangerous. ' "Hut .Mr. liathmore's is different, for it is done without touching the subject at all. He just imagines something, and makes one imagine it a!*o." "Well, that is even worse than the other," said the man, "for that must be hypnotism. Take my advice, little,woman, and don't tamper with anything' of that kind." "(Jh, very well," said the girl meekly, glancing from under her long eyelashes at the disturbed countenance of the second officer. "Now, girls," said Mrs. Drummond, "it's time to be going ashore." "I'll just go and hunt up the captain, and join you on deck in about five minutes," said the Wellington man, who left the sa loon, followed by Mrs. Drummond and her younger daughter. Tessa, meeting an iin ploring look from the second officer, lin gered. "I have to stick to this ship all day," he said pathetically. "Couldn't you stay, too?" "J am very norry for you, Air. Rath SIAJOR-GENERAL E. R. P. WOODGATF,, Severely wounded at Spion Kop, since dead. ("BLACK AND WHITE.") more, but I do not think that would do. Mr. l"'reeman is a very busy man, and as he is giving up his whole day to show us Wel lington, he would not like me to remain on board. In fact, 1 am sure he would insist on my going." "Insist! Surely he has no right to insist on your doing anything." "Iso. That is just what I tell him. But when one is engaged to a man he al ways seems to think he has that right; and 1 generally find it easier to give in.'' "Engaged!" exclaimed the second offi cer. "But you are engaged to me." "Mr. .Rathniore," said Tessa, drawing up her slim figure until she seemed quite tall, "if you mean that for a joke it is a very poor one." "1 am not joking. Why should I joke? You know 1 mean every word 1 say. Did I not ask you last night if you would be my wife, and you consented'! Did you not allow me to kiss you!'" Tessa's eyes flashed, as she glanced round. A couple of stewards were the only other occupants of the saloon, but they were dis creetly clearing a table at the far end. Satisfied that their conversation had not been overheard, Miss Drununond regained her composure, and said "Allowed is a otrange word to use, Mr. Rathinore, considering the circumstances. Besides, you assured nie that such a thing had not taken place." "But you knew it had," he insisted. "You told me it was all imagination, and I believed it. I wanted to believe it; and I think, Mr. Rathinore, you would be wise to believe it, too." Miss Drummond made a movement towards the door in answer to an impatient call from her sister. ''But," said the man, "you remember what happened afterwards? I asked you if you loved me and you distinctly answered Yes. How can you explain that?" he asked passionately. Miss Drummond paused in the door way. "All imagination," she said, "or, to be more exact, the influence of mind upon mind." With a mocking smile on her lips. Tessa Drummond ran up the companion, leaving the second officer commenting on the fickleness of women in general, and of lady passengers in particular. 