VJGUERIES' TUB MOTHER. BI EVA WILDER BltOAUHISA-D. Luisltafe'fco'laKK iothejtml l*rmight nut be important; indeed, -losos Maria Viguerie linrl already assured hitm-elf i hat in a situa- (Ion more or lens, complicated Luisila's mti tude «m the einglo fenture which need not be considered. Vet the wailing "Ay de mi " with wliioli, after a moment of aghast silence she received his tiding, fcltuek upon her fnther's-nerves tilmoBt as convincingly as ir the gill hud uttcied an authoritative deruncition (if hii plan*. : Jesus Maria had of course foiraeen that liiiisila would probably not like him lo nmrry Mpiiin. Hehadnlso realiiwd lll.lt the nanimlly itrni,ii-nfil quality peculiar lu 1ier Hex might bit depended on to furnish the pill will] uiimo-wer.ible :n foments in favunr of ln-r own slipshod hmisekiinpirg Hnd lii-r fullior'it pine. obliquity in not iiMinuiii'iiIi'y n-sipning tiinueif lo it. Since she did her bi*i I" imike liiin enmfoitahlr, wind mote vmilil lie su-k? So she would very likely e ml i-nd, fuigi'lling tiiot her best was very bud indeed when rmniiared with llu ordinary qimlil.v lu which her niulher. now a year dead, hud inrut-leineil Jesus Maria. Indeed, (lie viiuipjiiif ttiprtepaned Serimri Vigtieiir were hugely rw|.<n>Hilil«i for the betrothal which Jesus Simla had just announced lo his daughter. The senora hnd hern a woman of parte, who lied seen to it lliat corn should never fail in (lie mill nor dried meat, in lhe bairel, and who with her own hands liti'l cut ilirice a year the iilfulfa crop in the lilllit vena,and tended the iliichen and the goals, and had washed aud sr.ed and woven and braided and conked, anil done whatever to do. Tnily she had been a good woman; though Jesus Maiia could not deny Hint she had pmn very old with the burden of hei activities, so tba her hones Imdii.ine curiously into Bight under the lean ptiiclicd flesh, and her eyes had gone too far buck in her head for anything like preliiness. 1'rcllincBs, of course, in nothing, and when she 'licit JeraB Maria had thought himself inconsolable. That he was still inconsolable he was prepared to declare lo Luii-ila as boon an she should regain f-utiieicnl coml<OHurc to listen to him; for lie could notexplain to her while she s eod staling and moaning that his proposed marriage wan simply n proof of liis undying constancy lo her mother. " illy rnolhfr!" Bobbed Lui.sitn, thrusting the hlack hair off her anguished brows in a soit of stricken bewilderment which implied her fmlii-r uncontrollably. fjhe would get over nil thin pivM-iilly: b-ilforthe miimeiit there was in the dumb pain of her broad :hildisii face something which made Jesus Maria nearly foiget that l>cr final attitude leally did not mutter. The thing thai mattered was the final attitude of Oruz, hit* ton, a youth of nineteen, who during his father's recilalhad stood nt the window calmly cleaning the little lamp on his miner's cap. Cruz was one of the night shift at the D.vinilcss colliery tin: tall tipple of which could be seen striding ncioss the mouth of the canyon with the imu'.'rtauce of a piece of Konian aqueduct. All its i'oal< giiiued beams and standards stood b.ddiy forth in til" level rays of a sun which was sinking lu low the purple *utn:niii> of the Sjuinish peukr. Il wastirncfiir the night si.ift to be on duty, and numbers of men, Italians and Mexicans mostly, were going up (he broad c.urblens load in a din of talk aod laughter and clattering lunch buckets. (Jiuz Vigucrie set his cap en his head. The flame on llie lighted lump shot up in a spcctral panache above his thick pockmarked features. Stolidity was indeed the nsual chaiacterislic of CruVa big plain face, for all the hint of intelligence and'dociliiy io it ; but nts he stood straightening his cap and looking out at the lessening light wliicii touclicd the small gold cross above the adobe walls of the church Gf fan Antonio of the plaza, there was something like stubborn and hoBiile resolve iu t he stern quietude of his expression. Joeus Maria had often wondered how it wa? that so handsome a mail as himself—for tlicie was no doubt of his being, oven at forty, the best-looking man in Aguilan—• should have had f-o unprepossessing ii son. lie had soluccd hiinsclf with the reflection that Cruz was at least good-tempered and olwdieat ; but as he irgaided the young man now he became aware lliat llieio was at present nothing in his air to suggest either mildne&s; or ruquiesence. Instantly .lesus Muiia was sensible of two cnuilious—fine of auger that bis decision i-hould he thus opposed ; the otiier, a furtive unci-itiiimy us lo the manner iu which mint, meal, and tobacco were to be piovided in case Cruz continued obdurate. Without, Cruz's wage.", without Unit monthly roll ol the company's sci ip which Hnanciuilv pasted currnut in town, how should 1 lie house he maintained '! It mis a nice question, truly, when line considers lliat Jesus Maria himscll was entiiely averse to labour of any kind. " My Out," said Jesus Marin, moved t,: gi- nllencKs by a contemplation of the fact! of the casi', "you are silent, eh?'' His voice was full anil rich, and the heavy Spanish of the fni.i liills lolled from his lips with pciMiuhivc •iwectiioBB. " i'ut you are glaii wilh mr, in it nut so, that joy comes again lo our housu V" If lie paused loo suddenly for a fine cffect, it was because I'm/ hud taken a sharp stride toward the door, with an exceedingly ugly light under hie brows. "Joy '."cried the young man, holding up on (he thrci-hold. lie lsughed harshly, and then turned and rasped out in Unglish : " Joy ? >'o ! My mother is dead. You hear—dead '! I woik for do new one. Me, 1 git out. Sabc V I git out quick. Uios, yes!—1 quit." Then- was r.o mistaking 'he lucidity of :liis statement, ana in taking it in, Jesuit Maiia's wraih flamed high. " llo !—you git out, eli ?" be cried. Sim <- Ciii7. had elioreu i" icpudiate their nauvc timgui, he, -lir-.i .Muiia Vigufrio, would copi: with the ii-n.-.nii: in any way he migtit elei l. " V..u quit, eh ? Malhaya—1 mean damn '. I'I' 1 uu foul, me!—1 spik liuw you like : ' I <i.i what I want if you like m you dyn'i iiili'. See'/ I many me a wife, good, y^iung, bi aoliful " At this i-ifcclivc point there shrilled out n thin. cxas|ieialing laugh. Luisita, finding herself biiclciMl up by lier brother, had in leinl her grief. Ihige had conqui red pain, and dttiunce now linked in the veiv lilt ol her plump, uiniiamun-cnluured chin. " Uiau tifiil !" guigled Luisita, willi her hands un her hips. Uios !—a puur thing.like lliut ' —and old. She will have more as twenty s"wn year! She is of tho widenese of mj hainl. Her 'air is raid. She hoi'liersell so '" And Iiuisita, plucking up her prim mouth,d raw her shoulders into a narrow sj .aci- " Yds, so she hoi 1 herself. Don't 1 know? Haven' I wuik for liur father? Haven' she learn me English? , Ho!—1 should belief it! All right. You marry her, Ilien. Mo, 1 go where my brother goes! Oiui, what you do, I do." Out was Will scowling, and )iis muttered ' Bieu," was not a particularly cordial ivowil of delight In his sistei's announcement llo allowed her, however, to grasp Ws atm lii<uly, and in another moment they weit stamping out lluougli itiedry'dohe yard to the paveless street. It was now something after sunset, and • <is peaks massed their peach-coloured r.iii.ul'len against a dim Violet eky, while from i heir heights a oool wind -Wade crisply down, rv; t>>c in th» 4|ric iwo^Mlqi uid ploons »t the nmyon which debouched on the village, anil rioting over llie silvery grimagiss« of' the plHins beyond the Colorado cum p. ' liounjjcre were pat hered about Hie loins of . the half-llozen saloons and stores. At the. jiOBt- ofliee, a pine shoil with a Binjjle ^tep before, it, a crowd hail collected in con- -c^iu-ilcr. of the arrival of tile evening mail. Most of lliese were men, and as Cruz and his sister approached they had just separated a little in order to rlear llie way tliBt a woman emerging from the door might reach lhe street, She nodded here and there in a shy fashion :is she made her way through the piess. She was till I and very slight, with a pale, gentle face, and a curiously depredating glance, tfei sliouMeisdiaupedu little, and she rested ni-illy on her hips in walking, as if the ab- ^1riict4on which held her face in a look of smiling reverie had left her loo little strength for uiotion. As she came in sight of Cruz :ind Liuisitn, she started and drew a quick biimth. It nus they 1—her two children to be —lhe son and daughter of Jesus Maria Viguerie. Angeline While already knew ilietu very well, those two. Five years since, her father had " taken up " a homestead on lhe verge of Aguilar, and in Angeline"* housekeeping duties Luisita Viguerie had for a moilei ate wage assisted. Luieita, even in Iter childhood, had not been a romantic ligure,being of squat build, with a suggestion of Indian iilood in her blunt young face; but there had never been a time in these years when Angeliue had not seen something eminently picturesque in Luisita's father. When he tore lip to the gate of the White homestead, a superb lithe ligure on a gaylv caparisoned mustang, with the mugniticent sweep of a silver-banded sombrero shading his htonzc fuce and adding a richer darkness to his black hair and c.jcs, Angeline White had I bought v;i[Mic and misty thoughts of the AlhaiiitiiautidUrenada, of the houutcouB life of Valencia as dppicied in alluring colours on the lids of raisin-boxes, uiitl of Andalu' finn Liiiiibaib>urs. who, in wide betasselled iseis,lifted in these tableaux their impas sioncd eyeMo ladies in manlillas leaning coy upon the lattice of balconies above. Once she had vint ured to ask Jesus Maria, " Are you of Spanish parentage, Senor Viguenc?" And Jesus Maria, much gratified,had said that the purest strain of'Castile ran blue in his veins. lie forgot for the instant lliat his father had be.ru a peon, and that his tii"lii(T, an aged Navuju lady, even then resided iu a mud hut tire miles up the creek. Jrsus IVjuriu had a buoyant fancy, which required merely as it were a whilf to senil it to the empyrean. Angeline had thereafter not only regarded m v, :lh added i<Kpect, but had also felt it her duty to spend some time in iuducling Luix'.ta into the m.isteriee of the Knglish tongue. Slie hnd never thought of Jesus Mai l;i in any but an impersonal light. One does not, of course, regaid a married inan I'tlii'iwise than impersonally, and, as one might say in the abstract- Hut. after the l-as^riig of r-ennni Yijrueric things had i-hmiged. Jesus Maria had speedily rendered himself very personal and niliielv concrete soon ufter he fniinil himt-elf obligeil. Tor his own convenience, to taice Luisita away lo ministsr to his wants. In removing herfrom tin- While homtiHltiad,which, since Angcline's father had also died, was fast lapsing into 0; i-iale of natuial denlh, Jrsus Maria had also abstracted his excuse for preHcniing himself at the house. His every visit then-after was II ilecl.iiatiKii. Ycl, when he began making love, Angeline was dazed with lhe wonder of. it. Klin hnd never had a lover; and lie, this being with little silver fringes up llie sitjes of Ins legs, was enough like llio Andalusian troubadours to more in a mist, of romantic precedent. Jesus Muiia had litth- Hnglish except, tho popular oaths and phrases which wen- curieut on the sahmn pmches; but oaths, disci iuiinati ugly applied, are oo mean weapons in the hands of cupid. And, ^ficr all, the spoken word is liith-. Angeline blushed and paled nnil sighed nml smiled. Jesus Maria, understanding l.his rhetoric, swore many things, and was considered eloqocnt. One day when the postmistress, n shrewd, hard-headed, kiucl-hcarlcd Western woman who luifl a friendly interest io the lonely visionary creature, asked Angeliue if she was # < encourugin' tluit there * Soos Maria Vigueiie," Miss White lifted rapt eyes and said, " 1 am going to be his wife," Whereat Mis. Holding uttered an amazed cry. " You'ie urazy, Angeliue! " she gasped. " Why, he's nbout as no 'count and triUin' a man as ever wore shoe leather! He'ain't energy enough to pound putlv. He don't careful" a thing in the worlu but to prance round on a brouco, or Bel io the suu smoking cigarettes,or plav games in some of 1 heue barrooms—which, if ever I git a chance to ligislate agin' 'em, won't 1 ? Oh DO! What be you and he goin' lo live on ? " " 1 don't know,' 1 naiil Augeline, absently smiling out on the bleached plains. "Well, if you don't beat the bugs!" trurnpted Mrs. Holding. " I've been votin' for ten years, and I always brag women up whenever 1 git the chance. Bui I'd know how 1 can say the first word for your good sense. It's women like you, Angeliue, that puts spokes in the wheels of progress. 'Tie BO," " I kuow I'm not smart," said Angeline, humbly, "but Jesus Maria says it's best that men Bhould know most." " Know most 1 Why he don't know beans when the bag's open ! Well, just remember that 1 told you that a vine can't make an oak, lice out of a reed just by clingin' to it- .ngeline. " £To," mnrmuted Angeline, deprecatingly, "but if the vine thinks its reed is an oak, both of 'em are just as well, maybe." At this juncture the evening mail had arrived, nnd Angeline had gone out through the crown at tile door, quivering wilh a pleased little sense of having replied effectively 10 M.rs. Holding. It waB in this moment of unwonted intellectual gratification that she beheld Cruz Viguerie »nd his sister coming up the street in tile mellow grayneBS of the early evening, and 11 sight of thBm liad felt a great tenderness wallinir Jnlicr sentimental heart. Doubtless tlicv had been told of the happiness in store for tliein, and it was conceivable to Angeline tltnl emotions similar to her own, struggling in those two apparently apathetic breasts, had deprived them of all power of expression. For Cruz and Luisit i, seeing Angeline, had certainly assumed a dogged blankuess of visage, which could not otherwise be accounted kindly. Angeline faltered. Then suddenly holding out her Land, she said, " Luiaita." Upon which LuiBita, instead of bubbling forth some sweet incoherence of felicitation, merely set a hard mouth aud looked away while Cruz, barely pausing as Angeline in-. Icrccpted the way, began to plod on. Angeline's hand dropped and she shrank back. " Santo Uielo!" burst out Cruz to his idstcr, ns they passed. Why did you atop,' nil? lioly Saint Dominic 1—V " Ho! 1 me?" snrilled Luisita, overflowing with tears, "Me.stopF Idid not. Ob, that' 1 were dead and laid yonder on the hill!" In truth, her distant gaee had not -kept Luisita from observing the pain iu her teacher's little dim face. Some elementary impulse of loyalty had stirred in the gir when Angeline stood strelohing forth that gentle hand, but the craft of the halfleveiloped rose . to stifle this instiuot, as Luisita reflected that in the present state of tilings it would .be disastrous to offend Cruz by any show of courtesy to Angeline, As d»y» went on village gossip oonoerning the iVieuNln ^subsided. . Jesus Maria's nnrrtage had taken place early in the fall, the White homestead had been sold tor a rifle to some courageous person undeterred in visions of abounding.crops by the sterile 4cluakty of his' purchase. - Angeline lived with her husband in the 'dobe house, which lis children had deserted, under tl),e shade of Jie bottonwoods planted round ibe church, indtbe pink -print eartaina, newly hung.in the deep-Bet front window of her new abode, were not without gentle intimations that the Ufe behind them was as rosy &s; Angeline had expected it to be. Jesus Maria, with glittering spurs on his morocco boots and an additional thread of silver gilt wherever his attire permitted it, «tood often an the generous porch of French (juiseppe's place, and held forth by tlie hour lo convivial friends upou the beatitudes of the conjugal life. The proceeds of the sale of the White homestead expauded the heait against which it reposed in ap ever-diminishing roll and the frequent libations which Jesus Maria poured, into his being behind the saloon's green baize doors also contributed to his spiritual exaltation. , Those who were privileged to observe Senor Viguerie in this expansive period of his life were bound to own that happiness had touched him only to adorn. He looked surprisingly young and surpassingly handsome in his new clothes and high-heeled boots, aod even Mrs. Holding, Boeing him flash by her door on a bronco whose scarlet rosettes left a red streak on the visual memory, could not deny liis graceless charm. " He's as well favoured as these big red cactUB flowers, she grimly owned to herself, " but woe be unter the person that tackleB him nr tliern—needles ain't in it for the way they'll stick you. Poor Angle White! It won't be long till Bhe realises her cake's dough!" As the days shortened and the Beason oj Colorado windstorms set in, certaiu signs seemed to verify the postmistress's prophecy. Evidently that roll of money, which so sweetly accelerated the currents of Jesus Maria's being, had faded away after the manner of alt material sources of joy. Mrs. Holding noticed that there was less tinsel about him, and though he still lingered around his old haunls, lie was nu loDgcr attended by a throng of admiring compatriots nor did the doors of french Guiseppe's swing so often in his generous hand. *' He's got to the bottom of his pile," surmised Mrs. Holding; and when she haw Angeline one day coniing out of the company's store, with an empty basket on her arm and a look iu her face as if she had been struck acioss the cheek, there was needed no tongue to tell Mrs. Holding the Senura Viguerie had asked credit and been refused. That night when Cruz Viguerie came to get his weekly paper from the office Mrs. Holding beckoned him aside. " You and your pa still bad friendB?" she inquire!, Crut's countenaoce,already as immobile as a slab of sandstone, aeemed lo discharge itself of every lingering vestige of expression. " 1 know of him nothing," lie said. " Huh !" ejaculated Mrs. Holding, observing him. Site liked Cruc as much as she disliked his father, but she did not propose lo sacrilice Angclino to this preference. " Now look lieie, Cruz," she insisted, " you no business setting yourself up pgin' his marryiu' like you do. " He's got a wife enough sight too good for him. Though most women's loo g»*od for the average run of men. 1 ain't a great, deal of use for men. Cruz Vigeurie. They're either putty or raiuroJs, mostly. And 1 don't kuow as the rainrod kind like you is one bit better 'n the putty kind like your pa." Oruz expanded in an appreciative smile. " Me?" lie said sweetly. " Oh, I am not so Senora'Oiding! It is only that I min' own business." " I dessay a m-jle thinks it's mindin' its own business when it balks!" sniffed Mrs. Holding, " Anyhow, what I got to say is this, I've reasons for thinkin' your ma and pa needs help, and 1 tell you here that it's your duly to help them.'' Cruz maintained his calm smile. " Me, I min' my own business,'' he repeated gently. " Huenas tardea, senora. Despite his appearance of quietude, however, the youug man was sensible, as lie left the place, that his smouldering anger at his father had been fanned to lively warmth. "Hi! they are in need eh? Bueno! What is it lo me? For what I care, they may sleep in yonder icst-pil biul feed on mountain clay. They may warm themselves in the cold starlight that fulls -on my mother's grave. In the gloom and fervour of his bitterness, he strode on paBt the house of his aunt, where lie and Luisita now lived and still on until the low foot-hills, the black canvun, the lipple, the gathering of mincis' shacks, aud llie outlying mud dwellings of the Mcxicaus receded behind him into tho night. Only the level prairies,illimitable ana dark, were around him, and in them there was room for his mood. Porhaps some heritage of that aged Navajo woman living live miles up the cicek was asserting itself in her descendant's stormy breast; for a savage need of space rioted in Cru?, and he found himself oddly tranquillized with merely facing the wild wind in the open while sway off somewhere the. lonely harking of a coyote struck upou him a kindred note of ferocity and loneliness. " 1 will think of these things no more, he resolved, turniug. " It is not good for a man to murder himself with anger. Uios ! 1 am tired as with running three shifts. 1 will go home and sleep." It had grown still and cold, and the thin, icy air struck sharp iu Cruz's face as he reentered the yiiirt town and crossed the little bridge over the Apishapa. Cold it was, and still—so still that, as he came in range of the church and caught a little unusual sound somewhere at hand, he paused and gave ear. Surely it was a sound of weeping that reached him—a portentous intermittent accent of wailing, of distresB 1 Cruz had a sensation of sudden horror. For who doeB not know since Vigiel shot the young ranchman heieabouts pel sons of unquestioned veracity have seen a headless spectre wandering along the cieek ?—a spectre in a dismal winding-sheet, bearing a taper in its ghostly liBnd, and bewailing the fate that sent it un shriven into bale ? Oruz Viguerie could now hear with his own ears the sobbing of the wraith, and as he heard it, his blood Btood still. As to the taper, there was as yet—blessed Saint Anthony be praised 1—no sign of any light. Ko light ! Jesus ! Alary I Joseph 1 Ko light! What then, was that sudden ray which just bow shot, arrowlike, across the hard 'dobe at his feet ? " Kuestra Senora 1 1 vow thee all my life and four candles of wax—" 13ut the prayer died on Cruz's lips and the rigour of hit Irame relaxed somewhat in his sudden perveption that the light was nothing, more luusaal than a beam from a window hard by lashing.betweeq sharply withdrawn curtains. 9h, decidedly he, Cruz Viguerie, was becomng a fool ! Ghosts? .Vah I That window vas the window of his father's house,and tho rumour of weeping stole, from.withia these rell-known mud walls. Without formulating any design, Oruz noved towards the small casement. The runs ins were still apart, and she who had thrust them aside, ithat she - might send a piteously questioning glance into the night, itood where Cruz could plainly see hot, before the tireless hearth, covering her' face irith her thin hands and breathing forth a 10b of inarticulate misery. The limp oottons l •f Angeline's atcire hang close about her- Iroopingflgure. On her wasted temping, the H eddish hair shone silvery,and her wrists were, rhlte as bones that have bleached long un the n •tains. There, in the small adnbe'pliiKtered loom she stood, eold ond wretched and for* taken, a picture so forlorn in her solitude Hid ddspair that Cruz started away ashamed io havo seen her in that hour of desolation. Hola 4"' cried the young man.., V I see low it is. They have Bold all the rugs ott ,he floor. They are poor, indeed. A"dhe— le mays away where he caa.be warm and fav. lie leaves her alone 1" Certainly bis notlier wasaveogeoL Yet as he realised this :he feeling in the young Mexican's heart was itiangel.v enough, not in the least glad or triumphant- . ," Villainous one !" he exilaimed, passionately, " Galgo 1 dog ! scalarag ! chump. I" And having relieved himlelf of all the opprobrious epithets just then •ccurring to hipi, he turned and ran down she street. " In the gloom and quiet of the town French Guiseppe's was still a centre of light, though the scene within can hardly, be described as one of unhallowed . revelry.: . Several men were playing-cards at the tables in the sheerless room, brushing their elbowB through the wet rings which their beer-glasses had outlined op the wood. A man leaning against the bar was telling with reiterated detail about a mule of his which bad died during the day, and French Guiseppe himself was unaffectedly yawning as he listened. When the door opened the Bound was an event, and everyone looked to see what had come in. Even Jesus Maria Viguerie, withdrawn .behind the store in an isolation that meant financial and spiritual depression, or both, lifted an inquiring eye. He was Banking, and bis hat was tilted ominously over his face; nor did the sullen aspect leave him when be perceived that the newcomer was Mb Bon. I have to speak to yon," said Cruz, approaching. Sou of a burro 1" rejoined Jesus Maria, calmly. " What do you want ?" " I want you to go home." "Ha! you want me to go home! What leads you to think I care what you want, offshoot of the de> il 7" 1 have seen your wife. She was crying. There was BO lire. She—" Jesus Maria dropped lier cigarette. "Crying," he (aid. " She la always crying." He rose and followed Cruz outside. " She suffers—yes. Me, I Buffer too. But what can 1 do 7 She is good, my Angelina, but l>he does not understand to make me comfortable. She tried, it is true, to get a class I o leach at school; but—rogues! Bends! pigs of Americans!—tliey would not take her because they had teachers enough; so she grieves. A woman should not grieve, eh, Cruz 7 It makeB a mm sad. Me, I think I will not. go home to- night; 1 ain very lender of heart. If she iB still weeping 1 Bhould feel bad." •' Ar.d where will you go ?" asked Cruz, with placidity, almost with mackery. " Eh, my Cruz. I will stay with you and Luisita,' said Jesus Maria, Willi engaging promptitude. " Where my children ore there it ie 'jest for me to be." Ouz, under his hat briin, regarded his father wilh a kind of half-woiiilcriug. lialTchastising gaze. Jesus Maria'" superficiality was as hard to plump as a bottomless pit. Its fathomless quality gave Cruz a sense of mental dizziness. Presently he pushed his cap back and laughed a little grimly. •• Oh! So you go where your children are ? You choose lo live henceforth with them !" He laid almost too vigorous a hand on his father's arm, and added, in a deep voice: " Come then. Luisita aud I, we live in the 'dobe house where we were born. 1 took my sister there to-nighl before I came to Hnd you. She dries your wife's teaiB. The senora will cry no more, for I shall see that IhingB go well with her." Jesus Maria, taken aback, nevertheless preserved that line, if untutored, sense of dramatic fitness which had ever enabled him to transcend circumstances by comporting himself in harmony with tliem. " Son of my heart! " he breathed, chokingly, as he let hiB weight go somewhat lax in Cruz's hand, aud indulged io beatilic vision of scrip in such renewed affluence as the young man's worde presaged; "and I thought thee cold nnd wicked—Ihou, my one hope, who art nil love for thy broken hearted old father.'' " I am not all love for you—'y God, no!" growled Cruz, failing to respond to this tender outbreak. " It is all one," &iglied; Jesus Maria, sweetly, " since your bosom melts towards my Angelina—all, nmadora! blessed wife!'' " My bosom does not melt," letorted Cruz, giving his fathers form rather a rude impulse towards the maintenance of its own balance. " Hola, no. What 1 do, 1 do for myself. Sabe ? 1 will not be made to suffer by seeing you make others suffer. Sabe ? I would like to feel good and see you feeling bad. Hi, yes. But if you—and othershave got to eat before 1 can swallow my own bread, then there is nothing for me but to feed j'ou first, 2 am of evil heart, you see. I act only for my happiness." 