THE 'STAR'S' DESPICABLE PROPOSAL. ♦ ? 1 T.WB ' Aufllii'ttlian Star ' that was founded liti'goly by tho monoy of Irlah Auabralian oiwzona, thai; waH onao a roapootablo domoomfcio journal, and Is now ono of the mosb oonfcomptiblo nowspaporH on |bho Oontinonb, and tho vehicle of indecent advertisements, printed the following on Tuesday : — 'The Civil servant, sir, who honestly be lieves that England has engaged in an im moral campaign should no more be silenced thau I, who conscientiously believe thab the war was absolutely necessary.' Thus Mr. G. H. Roid, Privy Councillor and exPro mior, in justification of the treasonable ex pressions made use of by cortain members of the Civil Service. In a burst of righteous indignation Mr. Reid went to a weekly journal to relieve his feelings to the extent of two pages, and the. passage quoted above is a fair specimen of the sentiments he gave expression to. Tho ex-Premier is playing a low-down game just now, in the hope of raking in some of the popularity he has lost ; but ho appears to have loBt that knack of measuring public opinion which brought him phenomenal succobb as a political opportunist and adven turer for over five years. Mr. Roid has always appealed to tho worst passions of the crowd. This time he has miscalculated in an attempt to work up a spirit of disloyalty among civil servants and persons of anti British tendencies. A point about Mr. Reid's championship of freedom of speech amongst civil aervanis is that the Civil Service. Act, of which Mr. Reid is the proud fathor, despite its faults and itnperfectiona, makes it a punishable ofTonoe for a public servant to discuss local politics, and yet, forsooth, tho ex-Promior would applaud a civil servant who bad tho courage of his opinions to tho extent of mounting the public platform to give ex pression to sentiments of disloyalty to the throne at a time when the empire is ongaged in a serious war. There is' no doubt that the aggressiveness of tho pro-Boer element in tho Civil Service1 — small in individuals, and composed mostly of foreigners — was at ono time so marked that if there had not been some authorita tive movement to put it down tho loyalists in the Government service would have taken the matter in thoir own hands. Indeed, tho formation of branches of tho defence forces in the Public Works and Lands 'Do partmonts was tho direct outcomo of oortain pro-Boer utlor&nocm;, takon as a protest against tho actions of a few, whose, dis loyalty threatened to taint the whole of tho public service of tho colony. Yet Mr. Reid cannot find words strong enough to express his ' abhorrence and condemnation ' of tho action of the Minister for Public Instruction (presumably), who ordored an inquiry into charges made agairiBt a public school teaoher who was acouaed of tolling tho children dur ing sohool hours that England was an op pressor j that Australia would havo to ally herself with Russia or any othor power to shake off the British yoke and avenge the inBulls she haB heaped upon Australia. Mr. Roid holds that England is perfectly right in her notion, and, further, believes that every pro-Boor civil servant, public school toaohor or clerk has a ?' right to express opposite con victions,' even to the extent of talking trea son to school children, whoso eduoation may be ontrusted to them. Mr. Reid ban missed tho mark this time, Tho above is as wo have said, from tho ' Australian Star.' Can those who put their earnings in the paper years ago in the belief that they wore founding a liberal organ believo it pos sible? It was articles of tho kind, ' Ominous Silence ' articles, appearing in the ' Evening News ' that made the ' Star ' a necessity. Irish citizens who had boon the victims of spies at homo, and hounded from thoir native land by a policy which all fair- minded Britishers admit was a terrible mis take, were subjected to misrepresenta tion, insults and suspicion by the Press of Sydney. A more liberal spirit now prevails in journalism, tho ' Evening News ' no longer raiwos the Kiama ghost, but is fair and liberal minded ; in the editorial columns) of tho ' Telegraph ' there ia no trace of religious or racial bigotry, and ovon tho 'Sydney MorningHorald'on last Satur day followed tho -( Oatholio Prosa ' and ridiculed tho suggested ' disloyalty hunt,' It lias, remained for tho ' Star ' to raise tho spirit which it was founded to HUppross, to subject civil servants and othor citizens to tho lowest form of persecution imaginable,' and to attempt to bring about a atato of affiiira in tho community known only to those who lived in tho clays of tho O'Farroll opisodo, A member of tho Government la a director of tho ' Star,' la tho paper voicing tho sentiments of tho Government 1 Thoy havo intentionally miaropre aontod Mi1. Eoid, 'Whoso bold and strong protoat against tho despicable throats of the Minister for ISduoation ahowa that ho lives in a calm atmos phere, and ia superior toitho panics of tho ' moment. His utterance wasi HtatosmanHko and timely. Tho 'Star' saya ho attempted to 'work up a Hpirit of disloyalty amount civil Her vauta and persona of anti-British ten dencies.' He did nothing of the kind. He expressed himself in favour of the war and of the contingents, but ho denounced the introduction to New South Wales of Russian ideas of civil liberty. He said : ' I consider that every person in the community has a ' perfect right to express his opinions about the war or about the sending away of troops. I know that many English statesmen hold the present war to be unjust, and in South Africa itself I do not doubt that many a Tommy Atkins holds a similar opinion. But this does not prevent him from doing his duty as a soldier, no more than it prevents a man doing his duty as a statesman. The same thing ap plies to a civil servant here. The fact that they consider tho war unjustifi able does not prevent them doing their dutj' to the public and tho country, nor does it necessarily indi cate the slightest disloyalty.' The ' Star ' disapproves of this liberality. The ' Star ' says that liberality of this kind is calculated to ' work up a spirit of disloyalty amongst civil servants and persons of anti-British tendencies.' Tho ' Star ' would drive out of the Civil Service all those who express a private opinion against tho war or the sending , away of troops : Was over greater intolerance or a narrower spirit displayed by a public newspaper?- In the darkest days of Irish bigotry tho Oastle authorities scarcely dared to go to such extremes. In misrepresenting Mr. Roid they say that contrary to his own Civil Service Act, ho would applaud a Civil Sorvant who got ' on the public plat form and gave expression to his sentiments of disloyalty to tho Throne at a time when tho Empire is engaged in u sorious war.' In tho interview tho ex-Premier expresses no opinions that would justify the ' Star ' in making such a statement. All ho claimed was the right of private opinion for every citixon, ,a right freoly granted in England, and which has nothing to do with loyalty or dis loyalty. John Morloy and Herbert Spencer and Sir Edward Clarke and other eminent Englishmen havo openly denounced the war ; are thoy dis loyal? Tho question of disloyalty should never arise in a peaceful Eng lish-speaking community. There are surely no signs of a rebellion here, nothing to call for extreme action. We are all living in peace, all anxious to promote tho common weal, and tho man who disapproves of the present war would probably be the first to spring to the breach' in defence of his country. Mr. Reid described the action of the Minister for Education in taking notice of an anonymous letter , as contemptible, The ' Star ' defends Mr. Perry and restates, as if it wore a proven fact, the charge brought by tho sneak who shielded himself in anonymity against the schoolteacher. Tho Ministor had an inquiry and found there was no truth whatever in tho charge. Could anything be moaner in national politics? Tho ' Scar' must hold that Civil servants should bo rnado tho victims of anonymous spies, who should bo1 encouraged in theip despicable acts by the Lyno Govern ment, All wo havo to say in conclusion is that wo owe an apology to our readers for noticing a paper which has long boon held in eontompt by intolli gonb citizens. Our excuse is that their utterance on this question may bo taken seriously by aia Administration that has already proved itsolf capable of unbounded folly. 