The .Vanishing' ©f Tera. Jmi i_ i in i » ' . j PQBLIBHED BY SPECIAIi AlUUMQEItBlsT. - '' By FERGUS HUME, iAuthor of'"Th'o Mystery of n Hnnsom Cab," "For tho Dofenoe," "The Lady from Nowhere," "" Tho Third Volnmo," "ThoLono Inn," "The Nameless Oi|y, "."Tho JJirarf'e Chamber," " Tho Carbuncle Clue," &o.;, &o.; / corrBianr.1 CHAPTER XV. — ( Continued.) Hero tho whispering attracted the atten tion of tho magistrate. Ho eyed both the inspector and Jacob sevorely, but' proceeded with tho cuso .without further rebuke. "As this girl was tho owner of tho pearls," he said, --"she hud, of course, a perfect right to give them to the accused. As sho is here, tlioro is obviously no cose of murdor. Therefore, on both charges, the accused is discharged. But I feel I must say a few words about this cuse." Whereupon Mr. Benkcr dclivorcd a lec ture upon Tern's wickedness in causing so much troublo by not communicating with her guardian. At this, Tera, afraid of the great chiof, as Mr. llonker was in her eyes, begun to weep. Sho upset the magistrate, and upsot his dignity. Ho hastily discharged- the prisoner, and. ordered tho court to be, cleared. When Johnson came out, ho looked very grave. He walked up to the girl. " Bi- tliiah," he said reproachfully, "you have not treated ine well." "I am not Bithiah," replied Tera, her eyes sparkling.' " I will call myself by the name Buli gave mo. I am sorry if you think I have treated you badly, but it was your own fault. You need.not reproach me, Sir. Johnson," she said in lower tones, " I spared you, in my story !" The minister winced. . " I thaitk you for lhat. I suppose I have no right to com plain," he said bitterly; "you still intend to marry Finland!" " Of course sue does," cried Jack, taking 'Tern's arm ; " do you think I'm going to let you take her from me now?" " I have not the power to do so," re joined tho preacher; "but Brother Brand, will certainly demand that Tera be given back to him. He has authority from Buli to take chargo of her." " I do not recognise it," said. Tera fiercely. "I refuse to go with him." "If Brother Brand comes my way, I'll knock his head off," said Jack, clenching his fist. "Come along, Tera. Let us go back to tho schooner." "Wait," said Canvcll, coming up to them. " I am prepared to take Tera under my roof until you are married." "I think it would be bettor," put in Johnson, in a low voice. "Yes, and have Brand after her!" said Jack. " " No, I promise you that shall not be. She will bo safe with us until she leaves as your wifo. Come, Jack, you had better agree." " Will you give me that five hundred?" asked Finland. " Wo will talk of that latex-, nephew. In tho meuntimo. is. Tura to como with us? If you xvre wise you " "Will you go, Tera?" "Yes," replied tho girl, leaving Jack's arm for that of his uncle. "I shall be quite safe with Mi-. Carwell. I shall marry no one but you, Jack." Johnson could stand it no lnngcr. Turn ing on his heel, without a word lie walked away. Ho still loved tho girl, and he rea lised that sho was lost to him for ever. In the distance . lie .espied a fciiow-sufferef in tho person of Pharaoh Lee. He, too, had lost tho girl he loved, and in a more cruel way. Johnston hastened up to him and touched him on tho- shoulder. "What aro you thinking of, Lee?" he. nsked, with a wretched smile. "I am thinking how to find out Zara's husband, and hang him." "Hang him?" "Yes," said Lee savagely. "Sho was killed by her huslmud." CHAPTER XVI. Tub Max vuom ICoiau. The fnrmhousc of Mr. Carwell was a sub stantial brick building, surrounded by barns aud yards, and Hanked by live or six hay ricks, tke whole being girdled by elm trees. 'Their foliage now was of a mixed yellow and red, as tho year drew to winter. On ail sides stretched. the stubbje fields, tawny in hue, save those which, having already been ploughed, presented patches of dark- red earth. Sleek coivs /wandered in some meadows, horses grazed in others, pigs and fowl shared the farmyard, rootiug and scratching amid tho straw, pigeons whirled aloft in the cold blue of the sky, or cooed round tho eaves of the thatched stable. Tho homestead wore air air of comfort and peace, in keeping with the quiet religious spirit of its owner. In recognition of the plenty which filled its walls, Carwell had written over tho door the Hebrew word, "Bethdagon," which signifies the "House of corn." in this Goshen, Rachel ruled supreme. Her 'mother had passed away these many years, and she held the keys of the house hold. Demure, in a gray gown und close cap, liglitfooted and ever - watchful, she moved liko a Puritan fairy in the home. Tho girl wus a born housekeeper, and in her little kingdom affairs were conducted with a wonderful and rare combination of economy und cheerfulness. Carwell knew that somo day she would marry— at present circumstances pointed to Herbert Maync — and he often wondered how lie would bo tibia to manage without his clever, bright- eyed 'Rachel. Her departure would bo a loss not easy to' replace. Household bless ings liko this maiden 'do not grow oil every hush. But Rachel was not briglit-eyod on this particular day. , She was sorely afraid lest her cousin Jack should be committed for trial 011 a chargo of murder. She was very fond of Jack, and although she dibapproved of his lmrum-scarum siiilorly ways, she could not believe him guilty, of so torribio a crime. As slio attended to her household duties, her heart was heavy within her, and several tinies sho went to tho door in tho hupo of .seeing hor. father returning .with news. But for CurweU's express wish, she would have gone to. the court herself. ' At last, shortly before the midday meal, sho caught' sight of the old-fashioned trap turning in by the distant gate. She saw that it contained three people, and rani to meet it in tho hope that Jack, having been acquitted, her father was bringing him home. As the vehicle came nearer, Rachel made out one oi the trio, to be a woman. She wondered who this third person could be. Sho was not left long in doubt. " Here, Rachel, lass," called out tho farm er jovially, "your cousin is a free man again ; and here is a lady to sco you." " Bithiah 1" gasped Rachel, turning white. .' She -was .too much startled .to express her amazement. "Ioe," said the girl, jumping down and throwing . her , aims round Rachel's neck ; " but not Bithiah any more. V I am Tera of Koiau. Call mo so." "You are not dead !" "Dead!" cried Jack, with a joyful laugh, "not she! Tern's still. ile.sh and- blood, and as pretty as over. Don't look so scured, Cousin ltachcl. She's no-ghost." "Yon mustn't faint, lass," said Carwell, with, rough good-nature.. "Tera is hero, to stay until sho marries Jack. Take her into the house, and set her at the table. She'll cat well, I warrant," ami the farmer -led away tho horse with a jolly laugh. "What does it all mean? asked Rachel, still astonished. She was not a weak girl, else she would have fainted at the sudden reappearance - of Tera. " It's a long story," cried Finland. "Tera will toll it to you." Rachel turned and kissed her cousin. " Oh, Jack, I'm so glad you nro free. I thought they would — Oh, never mind ; what does it nil matter now? But us Tera is alive, who is the dead girl we buried?" "A gipsy called Zara." "And who killed her?" "No one knows. That's a new job for Chard. Come, Rachel, take us inside. I'm ns hungry as a beach-comber. And Tera looks us though she could eat a bit, too. " "Come in, dear," said Rachel, drawing Tera towards the house ; " I . am simply dying to hear what all this means." Shortly afterwards, in accordance with the manner of tho sex, tho two girls retired to Rachel's room to exchange confidences. Jack was left alone, and stood on the front step whistling. He was in the highest spirits, and no wonder. Was he not ac quitted of a dangerous charge, engaged to marry Tera with the full consent of his -uncle, part owner of a ship after his own heart-, and shortly sailing for the South Seas, which ho loved far -more than his native land ? Tho future was bright and assured, and Finland, although . not as a rule devotionally inclined, breathed a prayer of thankfulness for his good fortune. Thiers was but one tiling doubtful in his mind. Would liis uncle give him the money he re quired ? As ho debated the question, Farm; er Carwell came round the, corner of the house, ready for . dinner. Jack, who was prompt in nil liis actions, broached the, sub ject there and then. . " Uncle," ho said, as the old man took a seat in his armchair, " about this five hun dred — cau you let ine have it?" Carwell was not a mean mini, but ho was accustomed always to approach with due caution anything in the nature of a financial transaction ; therefore he did not open his heart and hand so readily as Jock had ex: peeted. " That requires sonic consideration; my lad," lie said, after a pause ; "money is harder to get than to give. " "You have surely had plenty of time to consider the matter, uncle? — because, 1 do not ask you to give ine tho money, but to lend it to me. I'll pay it back with interest — the loan will be as good a tiling for you as for me." "H'm. You see, you offer no security." "Isn't my word enough security?" cried Jack, flushing. "I am your own sister's son ;-it is not likely I would swindle you.'! "Softly, my lad. I'm not accusing you of dishonesty; but I never stretch out my hand further than I can draw it hack. You want five' hundred pounds ; lor use in' con nection with your ship, isn't it?" "Yes; the purchase of her has taken all tho money I got for the pearls, and all the skipper's savings, to boot. We waiit more men ; we ean easily get them at Grimleigh. She must be provisioned too, and that takes » lot of cash. Then a hundred or so irj baud for trading purposes when wo reach the South Seas. I can't make bricks with out straw." - - "What sort of trading will you do?" " Oh, copra and blackbirding," replied Finland carelessly. "I'm- a piaiu country farmer," said Car- well, smiling, " and I don't understand these terms you, bring from your new world. What is copra?" ,. "Tho dried kernel of the cocoamtt. It; is used for oil-making, and . fetches a. good price, especially if the Kanakas don't water it." " And blackbirding, what is that?" Jack laughed and looked queerly at the old man. It was not easy for him to answer this question without offending his uncle's X>rejudiccs. However, he skirted round it, and got out of danger as best ha could. "Blackbirding," he said cautiously, "well, you see, we sail fpr the Solomons or the New - Hebrides, and pick up natives to work on tlie plantations on tho more civi lised islands. They are well looked after, and get good pay ; so after, a few years they go back to their own land set up for life." " Do tho missionaries approvo of this system ?" . " Oh ! yes. It brings savages from out- of-the-way islands iuto tho circle of Chris tianity, and then tliey cau spread tho Gospel on thoir own- account." "They aro not slaves, these natives?— they are paid " Paid in what we call trade," replied Jack. "They hire themselves out for threo years as a rule, and when their service is ended wo take them back again, with the valuo of what they have earned in goods'; Oil, it's square enough. The Australian .Go vernment appoints agents to see that all is above board." "Does it pay?" "You bet, 'uncle — pays well. Letmehavo that livo hundred and I'll soon give it to you again." " I must take a week to think over it," said Carwell, still unconvinced. :- Finland bit his lip, and very nearly com mitted the indiscretion of rapping out- a nautical oath. But as, in that religious household, such language would at once have put an end to all chances of - his get ting the moniy/he wnd'wise enough to re strain himself.- Shortly after this, Rachel arrived with' Tera, in fu)l possession -of the whole story. The recital of it had' exoitod her not a little, and during . dinner she talked of nothing elBO. "I suppose you will go back with Jack to -your own island? she said. " Yes," replied Tera, " ns soon as wo are married by Mr. Johnson." "Johnson? Oh! he won't marry us," said Jack, laughing. ' '.'I don't sco how you can expect him to, Tera." i "He is a jninister.'! . ... /."He is also a man, 'my dear," 'observed Rachel ; " aud 'he is in love with.yom" Let, lis' trust '' that i our p(i?tor will be - sensible;" said Carwell seriously ; " now that his ward has reappeared hq is relieved from a grave danger. " , " Oh, Miss -Arnott. reliovcd him of that before," said. Rachel, with a- triflq of femi nine spite ; " indeed, ho ought to marry her for all sho has dono.for. him." . ' It would bo a gopd thing for Betligu- mul," replied her.' father reflectively, "for Miss'Arnotb is Wealthy. If she became. the .wifo of our pastor sho could do much good \yitH her money." '- ' "Sho is too old to -marry my guardian," said Tera doubtfully,' , " What does her Iigo matter, child? Slio lias a-beautiful soul!- A minister shouldinot dwell unduly on- the outward graces of. -.wo-. manhood.'1- : r , J uck -looked at, Tera's . prettv face ,und laughed. Undeniably, it was; her. qpuioli- ness that hud attracted the miniqtciriiot lier soul. ' He/was about, to make a reiriavk to this effect when the Bound of wheels .wis heard, and the excited accents of si, mail with a lisp. . Carweiriycnt to .the door, and found Inspector Chard anil Mr.Moss descending from a\ trail. " ' , - y ' " My dear tliir," cried the little Hebrew, running up. with outstretched- hands, "ith Mithter Finland here?- Ith that girl with him? vl've come about tlieni pcarlth." " Mr Mosb wants to know if tho sale was quite regular,' explained Chard, as the boy camo up to take his horse ; " so I brought him here to set his mind at rest.'1 "Come-in, come in," said Carwell, hos; pitably. " Tera mid Jack can, answer- for thomselves. - Have you had dinner?". "No: I shall be glad of some." v. "I .qan't eat a mouthful until I know .about the ,'pearlth," said Moss, fussing into the house. Oh, Mr. Finland, here you aro. What, about tho pearl tli?" "Well, what about them?" askod Jack, calmly. " Ith all right, tho thale, ithn't it? Yon had a right to thoU them?" . . " This lady will tell you that I had. The pearls were her property." " Mith !' mith !" said the Jew, fluttering up to Tera. " Did you give the pearlth to Mithter Finland?" " " Yes. I asked him to sell them." " They were your own jiearlth?"-' " My own' pearls. I received them from my father, Buli, the High Chief." TO nit CONTINUED. 