CREW SAVED BY A GHOST. Many strange incidents occur at seu, but none moro so than that which befell Captain Bcnncr, of the brig Mohawk, a small vossol engaged in tho West Indies trudo. After leaving St. Thomas, the last port of call, on one voyage tho brig was was steering a northwesterly course, homeward bound, beating up under short canvas against high winds and heavy seas following in tho wake of a -hurricane which had traversed tho tropics fivo or six days before. Tho captain, who had ULXK (HJUIsJ IIVIUIO UU nvMu w«w>. u midnight after directing tho first officer, who was on watch, to keep tho_ course then steered, and to call him in cose of any change for tiio worse in the weather. Ho lay down upon a sofa in the main cabin, but as tho brig's boll struck twice, bccamo conscious of tho figure of a man, wearing a green sou' wester, stand ing beside him in the dim light of tho cabin lamp. Then ho heard tho words — 'change your course to tho sou' west, captain.' Captain Bcnner got up and wont on deck, where ho found that tho wcathor hnd moderated and that the brig was carrying moro sail and making moro headway. He asked tho mate on duty why he had sent down to call him, to which that officer replied that ho had not dona so. Tho captain, fancying that ho had been dreaming, went back to tho cabin, but bo was soon disturbed again by a second visit from tho man in the green sou' wester, who repeated his previous order and vanished up the companionway. Tho captain, now thoroughly aroused, jumped up and pursued tho retreating figure, but saw no ono until ho met tho mate on watch, who insisted that lie hod not sont any messenger below. Mystified and perplexed, Captain Bennor returned to tho cabin, only to seo his singular visitor reappear, to hear him repeat tho order to chango the course to sou'-wcat, with the added warning : ' If you do not it will soon bo too Into 1' and to soo bim dis appear us beforo. Going on deck lie gave the necessary orders for tho chango in the ship's course to south-wost. The officers of tlie brig wero not onlv surmised but indignant. and finally determined to seize their captain and put him in irons, when, soon after daybreak, tho lookout forward reported some object dead alicad. As tlie vessel kept on it was mado out to bo a ship's beat. As it ranged abeam it was seen to contain four men, lying under its thwarts, one of whom woro a green sou' wester. The Mohawk was promptly liovo to, a boat lowered, and the castaways I taken in. Tiio castaways proved to bo tho captain nnd threo men, the only survivors of the crew of a vessol which had gone down in tho hurricano, and thoy lmd boon drifting hopelessly without food for fivo or six days. Tho green sou'wester was tho property af tho rescued captain. A fow days later, when ho hod recovered suffi ciently to bo ablo to leavo his berth, ho was ono day sitting in tho main cabin of tho brig with Captain Bonner. Ho sud- dontly asked his host whether he believed in dreams. ' Sinco I have boon hero,' ho continued, 1 1 have been thinking how iamiuar ems cauin loons, r tninx tnac l have liccn hero beforo. In tho nigtit beforo you picked mo up I dreamed tliut I camo to you liero in this cabin and told you to cliungo your eourso to sou'woit. The first time you took no notico of ino, and I camo tho second timo in vain ; but tho third timo you changed your course, and I woko to find your ship alongside of us.1 Then Captain Bcnncr, who had noticed tho rescmblanco of tho speaker to his mysterious visitor, told liis own story of that night. 