FLOTSAM. [BY JETSAM.] TV THE NAME OF JUDGEMENT-EATS ! The crusade in the city and sea ports agaioBt I tats has its ludicrous as well as its serious Bide. One pan quite imagine a knowing old Norway j rat-for they-are the real invaders-sitting on j the rail oi the chair of the Board of Health president and quizzically reading the procla mation, for it has all the dignity of a proolama nation, against MB hind, It has provoked a {air diarrhcea of words in the correspondence columns of the dailies, and small wonder. For the authorities to deliberately, in the faoo of the law against the publio Bale of poisons, and an* Bounce that rat poison will be given away on application, is fatally funny. What is to pre* Teat the small boy, ever ripe for mischief, run ning amuck against cats, dogs, poultry, and othes pets, and what is to prevent the careless UW of poisons or a crop of suicides springing op amongst the morbid, Lai; there be a taid upon rats by all means, but got by poison, unless it is a com paund that will dry them up and prevent their making Adelaide a city of stenches. As A matter of fact, there are comparatively few tats in well-regulated houses, though they Bwarm in hotels, warehouses, wharfs and wheat stores. Ia his domestic life the rat is quite as cleanly a creature as the mouse, and fifty per cent, cleaner in hie habitB than some humans, Boers for instance-he washes himself pretty often, fie is a scavenger by trade, bat if he can get clean food, such as wheat, flour, and grain, lie prefers it. Of course there are rats and rats, some live in mansions, and some in atoms. The wharf rat is a bit of a blackguard and a stowaway, but he does good work round the wharfs picking up refute. We are bound to believe the authorities when they tell us that lie travels in the interests of the bubonic plague, and therefore must be exterminated If house holders properly secured their victuals, and vets more careful in not leaving scraps about the rat would find it pay him better Co go elsewhere. Li the case < of this wholesale poisoning, which the sapient District Council have endorsed, the remedy is worse than the disease- If the rat bad sufficient gentlemanly feeling, when, after taking poison, hefssjs a pain in his " pinnie," to come up and die dramatically out in the middle of the road, all right; but he is con trary in his nature, and prefers to give up the ghost under your bedroom floor, thereby de priving himself of the rights of burial. A dead rat-ia'more to be avoided than a live one. Surely there Bre some better meanB of getting rid of the rat than the one which has received official sanction-in poisoning the rodents to avoid bubonic plague we run the risk of intro ducing a pestilence. A dead mouse can infeot eeveral square yards of house space; then what price a battalion of rats, all variously dead at various times, and doing different degrees of stink. 