from the' diary, of a mel bourne girl NO. VI. 25th June was'the. date that tvg went to visit Carlyle'a home in Cheyne Row. We passed into Quite au ordinary, almost poor, part of LfOndon from tho «f.rpphe. then got back to a part with smaller homes, but ones that suggested not too ample means. After dodging about and getting into ithe wrong streets (all are Cheyne something about there), we at last spied the small brass tablet on the tiny fence over the footpath of the great'sage's house. You are admitted by a homely woman in a black gown and an apron, who 'told me she had shown people ovesr the place for the last live years, and she tells you about every thing as if it were of ber own life she waa speaking. I asked her if she had anyone to help her, but she said, "No; I and - tho ghosts have i't all to ourselves." There is a book 4 to enter your. name in, nnd on eaah paying a shilling . you receive a receipt. This is -how -the Carlyle truat keep , ithe. house up. In the parlor are letters from Carlyle to his wife and to friends, also a horse shoe and letter about it, for use in .slippery weather. I expect 'the poor nvan once suffered, and pitied the h'onse too when it wa3 unable to keep its feet on tire slippery road (paved now in London w-ith Australian woods), for one has a very dreadful five -minutes when t'he horse in 'the hansom suddenly sits down, and up goes the vehicle! -All these little mementoes are in glass eases; there are pens and cigar eases, which dont look very much used, and old portraits of him self and wife at different agw. An auto graph letter from Bismarck and the German Emperor and many others are most interest ing. The round table and cloth are in the room, .also a couple of chairs, and on. the wall is a photograph showing exactly what tho " room was like. The ' old walk ing stick which appears in so many of the portraits is to ' be seen. the wm-n down edge making one's mind run back to 'the man whoso companion i't was in ihis "iva'lks -up and down "li>he row" — an excellent companion when groat' thoughts on great questions and severe dyspepsia wrestled for -mastery with anything but happy results. I had al ways fancied Mrs. Gaflyle was' to be pitied, but I believe 'that is a mistaken idea. She was fond of her unique husband in her own way, and from little gifts and lelttcrs which accompanied filiem I begin to 'think he was fond of his Jennie, too. One is shown his bedroom andfunny -old four-poSter botl, with heavy red rep curtains, which pulled all the way along, shutting; out the air in the man ner common to nil dwellers in London, who from the earliest days have barred doors and windows against air, because it is ci ther fog gy, or smutty, or noisy! Then up the next stair we find Mrs. Car lisle's (Bedroom, with the bed still there and a few chairs, and on the top story is the room where "Frederick the Great" was written, that interesting room, with sky lights and double Avails, built by the poor man avIio 'tried so hard to get av\ay from 'the noise, that he thought if lie left a space bc- tAveen the outer aa'all aud built another i lvis room Avould be peaceful, but as he said "it Avas the noisiest ro'om flu tho Avhole. house, for once the noises got'in they could not got out!" In tlie case in this room are some very in teresting relics, one is the only piece leflt of the great manuscript of the French Revolu tion, Avhich everyone knoAv's a servant girl tore up and burnt, thin-king it of no use. Oarlyie's letter, dated 1853, speaking of this terrible loss (I 'think to his mother) .takes it quite as from .the hand of Pi-OA-ideace, and speaks as if the discipline to his miud and iirit 'from 'this disaster would be good for him. IIoav -this dud appeal -to me! As it must to one , Avho is hot even a Ayriter, but a scribbler, for Avhat could be more trying to one's temper than -that -the Avork of months and months should be blotted out of exist ence in a minute or two?. "The doing over .wrin,''.. which .is .... always ..go., ...hateful. Fixed to a cupiboand in this room is 'the document signed by Carlyle by AAiiich the house became his. One of the in teresting letters is from Disraefli, telling Oii-lyfle Vha't he should accept a title. How it Avould have spoilt 'the man to have ac cepted such a -thing; that he should be called by 'his name alone is quite sufficient great ness. A funny little room called the "powder room" took one back to the days of Avigsand ruffles, shbAving how old the bouse avos. There are raws and roAvs o"f 'his books aa- ith marginal notes, but thege we could not see, as they Averc in easels. Everyone lounvs the story Of how Tennyson came one eA-ening to spend a few hours with his friend, and how after sitting in absolute silence on each side Of tho fire, Coriylo said, aa'hcn bidding him good-bye, "Aye, but Ave have had a rare evening,- come .again!" The particular fire atos in the kitchen, and I Avent and sat on one side -of the old fashioned fender in front of the stoA-o. Our guide told us that often t'he visitors come and st'op nil day, and t'hey easily might do so, .taking notes for Avriting up any particular Carfyle question. I only regretted that my visi t could be but an hour. Still, "half a loaf," &e.;, &c.;,' and Avheu I read 'his ibooks again they Avill have a double interest. 20fh June. — A lovely day of pictures in the Academy. It is indeed a case of "cmbarras- de- richcsse" and an extremely stiff neck after— 'for constantly gazing Arilih one's chin tipped up is very Avearying. I looked out for Australian painters— Arthur Streeton for in stance— (but did not "see any. Still there may havebeen several, for.it is sucli a Av3derness, or shall I no't say garden, of pictures that it is so difficult. I AA-as surprised -to notice Burne- Jones bad painted a small portrait of Louis Becke, a't lvis table in a study appar ently. I always connected 'this great -painter in my mind with "angels" and fairies and "beauteous maidens," but men and Avritcrs too, can I suppose be -pointed by the same brash that creates 'these other being3. I don't know the South Sea talcs man, so I can't say if -it is good. AM one's old faA'orites AA-ero represented and many others, noAV but faA'oritos also. The picture painted by Dicksoe and purchased for the Academy avos magnificent, full of color and full df matter. It represented a 'knight rid ing past a AA-aysidc crucifix. Tho picture Avas called The Two CroAvns, and the alle gory AA-as most obvious. The" knight with his gold coronet and the -maiden's casting roses and purple anemones, in rich profu sion at him and before him, has pride so clearly painted into his features, and -is. in sharp antithesis to the figure of the Christ on the Cross, -croAvncd with its Avreath of thorns. I - think it. is this same painter who cave us in Australia The . Crisis. To describe pictures by the yard is Avearying, and as my next "pages" to be -produced -for 'Melbourne friends 'treat of our journey to SAvitzeriand -I shall keep those till next time. One or two little yarns that belong to no- Avhere. I Avas talking to a clergyman AA-ho had lived in South Africa — in fact, left thero when things looked A'ery -bad. He had to leave his house and. furniture, only saving his ibooks— a few of them. -A Kruger story is amusing. There Avere-two sons, who had been Idft a farm, and. jihey disputed as to Ai'ho fiiould'hav-e this part and who that. So tbey decided to ask the President, and abide by -his decision. The elder drew up a plan of it, and put the house and tlie Avell and -the best ground all on one side. This seemed unfair to. the President, so he demurred; but the elder asured him it AA-as all right, as some good Ibarns and sheds and land AA-ere on the other. It Avas obviously an unevenly divided estate, and the eldest thought he Avas feathering liis. OAvn nest, and as he was alioAved to draAv up the plan- Am AA'Ottld ibe alloAA-ed first choice. "Are you quite tore this is an even division?" said the old man to the eldest., "Yes, quite CA-en.". "Then," continued -the judge, tunn ing- to the yoiinger sou, "as you have' had to submit to your elder brother dividing this farm, you may choose first Avhich part shall be yours, as 'he says, it is quite even." (El der brother retires discomfited.) IN SWTTZERaUAN-D. 11th July.-— As I sit and .write to-day I look out on scenery as different to -the Aus tralian "bush" as it is possible to imagine. Great rock covered and enow whitened Alps riso before me in the far distance,, while near at band are hills covered a\\-ith a thick growth of pine trees, their straight, regular shapes making such a great contrast in my mind's eye -to tho dear old untidy gum tree of any native land. Not a 'branch groAA-s out of place; in fact, during 'the foggy Aveather aa-e have li'ad for the -first Aveek here (it Is always exceptional weather, you hear from the residents, no matter where you may go in the avhole world), they looked someAvbnt like those aw-ful decorations seen on some hearses! and Avhen one sees nothing else but pines, straight, prim and unbending, , never torn or bark -covered, tihey begin to pall on one somewhat; and as I shall pro bably .be here a year or two," in one or other of these quaint little Saviss villages, at an altitude of (1000 -feet, I shall long for the sight .of the good, old eucalyptus. I had had no idea -that one could 'be in France so quick ly as I found it to be, We left -London at about 0 in -the evening 'by train, and by 12, after -positively rushing through space', Ave Aveie at Dover, and- stepping over the gang- Avay almost froni our carriage door. It is most curious to rusfii -through' -the Avafer at the rate of about 20 m'iles an hour, as Ave did, getting on to French soil at about 1 o'clock. Then my old 'friends of past yean, "Ojlcndorf". and "La Grammaire des Gram- maires" came in most aa-ondcrfully, though the porters knew, and .indeed everyAvhere all through France aye found someone aa'Iio could speak, English; Still it is very good to hai-e a little French, and -I Avrite this that some sister of imine may see -it and go on persevering aa-ith a, language that perhaps she -thinks useless because "she aa- 1 1 1 never need it." In the aa- onds of George Bernard ShaAv's ucav play. You Never Can Tell. And here in this village and in this big pen sion I find tha-t as I can't speak German (the tongue of this part -pf tUie Alps), and tliey, "tlie others,'.' can't speak English, French comes as our medium of making our selves understood. Of- course there are numbers of English visitors, and the pro prietor and bis Avife speak bhrec or four tongues. I enjoy the unique position of be ing the only Australian amongst Britishers, uermana, T rcncli, «Vustriaus» i -Hungarians Spaniards, a Russian and an Italian, and, as I my, it is very useful to know a little such ais one can learn at any school in Melbourne, and then you soon converse. Avith pleasure. The otflier day, or, ralther, month, Avhen I avos in Amoy, in China, the only person Ave could find Avho understood us avus a French man who, like otifselA- es, a\\-as A-isiting this noAV most, interestiiig .coun.ti-y in the Avorld, and by speaking bis tongue Ave found the place Ave- Avan-ted, and got our photographs. So, ytou see, "mes amis." I ain not going to copy any of the pages from my diary, Avhich, for .my OAvn plea sure, give an itinerary of the Avay here, be cause I think that as a rale those aAvf ul productions called "A Little Story of Our Trip," or "What We Saw on Our Journey," are a'ery -terrible things, and only read by t'hose a\iho have done the sanie trip. To get to 'tho little village, you don't go a-ia Paris, but a in. Basel,, or Bale. There I had my firdt experience of. a -SavIss -hotel. Well, it is very much like, any other hotel in any olthor part of the aa-orld, except in your bed room, where you meet for the first time — 1st, the eiderdoAvn rather balloon-shaped bed (I can call it notthing less, Avhich goes on top of you) ; 2nd, the stove, often inside a bbx shaped eoA-er of aa-ood and perforated iron; and, 3rd, the bootjack, which argues elastic-sided boots, Avh-ich are -really Avorn somotimes by these good people, men and aa'omen, on the Continent. I should per haps never have knoAvn this satl fact; but fiho boiotjacks, often of Avood and occasion ally of iron, silently "gave them aAvay." For husbands and avIa-cb of the Fraser type I should recommend the iron one; they Avould reach an offending head in a most tell-ing aa-ay. There is nothing so loA-ely as the Rhine and the lakes aa-e passed, especially Zurich, the railAvay running right along the margin almost. And then- after you begin to mount higher, aiul get amongst .the chalets aud tlie waterfalls and the peaks -of 'the alps you get quite aa-orn out standing at your corridor AAiind-ows (for all -the cars are corridor ones! I as 'we ' haA-ie from Sydney to Melbourne, the second class being better even than our first) and gazing out. Special "look out" cans (like guards' vans, I think) are run during fihe' summer for tourists. To shcrw you Iioav it never does to take any thing for granted that you are understood, aa-e Avero iii Basle one afternoon sitting at tho side of the Rhine, and talking aAvay of Alias and that, quite taking for granted that tho— as Ave thought — quiet Swiss or German Kooflving youtah -beside -us could not under stand. Imagine our surprise Avhen. ho chimed in in excellent nasal American — "I guess you can get to that church if you go right around there"— pointing to the corner of the street— "and follow it up. Maybe it is shut m'ow, but yon could do- an hour on the outside; they have got some cute carv ings there." Of course Ave thanked him, nnd he continued — "I hope yon don't mind me addressing myself to you, but I'm' a stranger here, and get quite enthusiastic over my OAvn tongue aa-hen I hear it." Then he caused us some amusement in 'his ex pressions of disgust that places Avere not de scribed on signs, &c.;, so that he could know what ho avos seeing. For there is 'no one like an American for thoroiiirMv "dnino-" aaiy place and knowing more albout it -than tho people Avih-o li-ve 'there. Now, is it a compliment for an Australian to be 'taken for an American? I wish someone could settle this question in Melbourne for me, because I personally find .that Avhen foreigners ay&nt; to pay me a compliment they tell one I am like some little American girl or -other they once know! . They liaA'o all' knoAAii 'this particular girl, and as I AA-as never allowed any of the Australian drawls or slang' or any other little matters' of speech peculiar to us, 'I nvant' to know Avbere it comes in? In the l'ark in London you sec the Ame ricans all packed into a" hired carriage, ithe men Avearing Terai hats, and the Avomcn dressed as -tiuvellera. You know them at once, but nobody aa- ants to be like one of tliein. Then; again some of the grand dames- of Lon don are Yankee girls. They dress beauti fully, and are "in" everything, and often made much of by a certain high personage, Avho some day Avill be a much higher one. Then still again you meet the American aa'o- man Avho does not say "I guess" every feAv Avords, and aa-ho is alert and .quick, prac tical and sunny na<cured,.'and Avho, if she does anything, does it in a brainy, clever Avay, leaving no Stone unturned to make it a success. -This, my Australian sisters, is Avliero Ave come in, and 'tlie likeness lies! There is a .Frenchwoman — a Farisienne opposite me at table d'hote, Av-itli hair dyed the fashionable Titian shade, and she is a constant source of in terest -to me. French people read the, menu Avith so much more in terest than aa-e do, and smell sauce bottles daintily, and chatter about .the food, mak ing, it quite a matter of pleasant conversa tion. 1 Avould like to sit maflame doAvn to mutton and damper.- I beliicA'e she could eA-en make 'tlmt sound prettier than it is. It is considered good taste aniongst-English- Avomeu to Avear high evening . bodices for dinner at table d'hote, and \\-ery pretty ones I see traA-elling about. Frenchwomen do tho same generally; but Americans very often put all tlicir finest clothes on, and their jewels. Though aa-e hear at times that black skirls are out of fashion, it is not true. When colored eA-ening bodices are Avorn, it is invariably Avith black satin or laeo cloth, or silk trained skirts— the belt .large, and folded as a sash, crossed tAA-ice round t'he waist in tlie same tints as the bodice, and tied at the side. Boleros are a perfect rage, and are generally made to look as though .they Avere to shoAV the open throat; in fact, cut in a decollete way in front. Madame has a lovely muff chain of pearls and diamonds, very small and very fine, Avhich is my envy, and to this she has her pince-nez attached, so you see it is use ful as avcII, as all jeAvellery should be if it is possible to make it so— either for fasten ing or securing something, or for keeping "some memory green," Avhich is ' often a good and Avholcsome duty, be it performed onlv by some small' memento of someone Arho bus made the best things of life appear so to us. 