SPECIAL SERVICE AT THE PRESBY TERIAN CHURCH. SERMON BY REV. W. M. CLOW. The Rev. W. M. Clow, B.D., held a service in tho Presbyterian church,- Eskbank, on Wednes day night last, in tlio presence of a very good congregation. The rev. gentleman is the minister in charge of the Barclay Free Church, iJlllUUUtU, ill ill JfJ ibb JJi-UOCUO LUIlIJiULllLU,)' oUJJ plying the Woollahm pulpit, Sydney. -I-Io and Rev. Mr. Baird were fellow students, and the latter took tho opportunity of Mr. Clow's brief sojourn in Sydney to extend him an invitation to Eskbank. This was gladly accepted, and the holding of a service here was arranged. The service opened with tho doxology, and the ortho dox devotional exercises were performed. The preacher took his text from Matthew xii, 12 : "How much thon is a man better than a sheep!" Upon this verse tfto preacher built an instruc tive discourse. Tho Pharisees on the Sabbath day thought it not wrong to pull an ox or a sheep out of any ditcli in which it might have fallen, and Christ had pointed out that if their action was right in that respect, how much bettor was it for Him to heal man on the Sabbath day. Comparison was mado of the sheep and man, and it was stated that whilo the sheep was the most ungainly of all creatures, man was tho noblest creation- of God. How much, also, was a man bettor than a sheep in his capacity for progress. There was no further evolution pos sible for the slieop. The sheep in tho time of Abraham was of the sa!mo quality as at tho present day. But with man this was different. Only a few ccnturios ago our ancestors wore naked, half-brutal, savages — men of low thoughts, cruel, callous, and full of hot-blooded revenge. To-day musie sleeps in our hearts, pictures aro quick in our imaginations, skill and art aro in our fingers, industry and science aro things wo have mastered, afic'l the end is not yet. They could ascend until tho raco cumc to tho full stature of perfect manhood in Christ Jesus, and they' should all grow up into Him in all things who is tho Head, even Christ. . " How much thon is a man better than a shoop." When thoy remembered that man was made a little lower than tho angels, and ho could become a temple of tho I-Ioly Ghost ; with his form God like, erect; whan they remembered his nature, and realised his uses ; when thoy cast their eye along tho line of his destiny, and capacity for progress, and thought also of tlio infinite vaiuo of his soul — it was not too great for Almighty God to como and dwell in human form and lift a man up to godlikonoss altogether.- While a shcop was satis fied with something to oat and drink, and a little shelter, man was called unto. higher things. But thoro were somo men like tlio sheep — and a man who was living without Cod and iiopo in the world was lower anil baser than a shoop. . " Man that is in honour and undorstandeth not, is like tho boasts that perish." Boforo the service closed Mr. Clow oxprossod the pleasure that ho had in being there and preaching in his friend's church. It had boon a great desire of his to como and seo his friend's charge and preach also in his pulpit. Tlio Premier announces his intontion of bring ing tho session to a closo early next woolc. At a meeting held at Penrith on Monday night, resolutions wore carried protesting against Sunday trading and pleasuring. Somo trouble lias arisen in tho Salvation Army in New York, owing to prominent officials boing concornod in mining speculation. Those have boon suspended. . Lord Hopotoun has sailod for Ausiralia from Colombo. ' Ilis health, it is statod, has slightly improved. Lord I-Iopotoun prefers to land officially on his arrival. Lady Hopetonn is at present suffering from fever, and will ho unable to leave Colombo for a fortnight. Says tho Mud gee. Guardian : — "Tlio wheat crops are said to ho terribly patchy, and it is impossible to average the yield. Somo crops which averagod . woll are ahsoluto failures, as evidoneed hy tho blanched heads. Othors look woll, hut examination shows a groat amount of pinchod grain." Tlio Da'tlg. Express statos that Signor Marconi has discovered a means of controlling in wireless tolography the air waves, and of obviating the immensely lofty masts now necessary. Signor Marconi, the Daily Express furthor states, ex pects to bo ahlo to solid messagos from Ireland to Amorioa shortly hy moans of his systom. 