OUR LONDON LETTER. FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT. LONDON, July 13. July O, 1000, will be a red-letter day in Australian annals, for on it the Royal Assent was given to the Commonwealth of Australia Constitution Bill, which united the federating colonies in one in- dissoluble federal Commonwealth, under tho Ciown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. This great step towards the consolidation of tho Em- pire was marked with little outward cere- mony, but its significance is widely re- cognised and appreciated in this country. It ¡8 felt, as the leading journal well puts it, "somethiug to be proud of, both for the mother-country and for her daughter nations, that, at the close of the century which has witnessed the birth and tho de- velopment of the British population of Australia, we should see the formal re- cognition, under the legislative power of , the Imperial Parliament, of the national growth of our colonial fellow-subjects in i lands that, a hundred years ago, were blank upon the map of the world." The I sentiment is so excellent that the slight I historical inaccuracies may be pardoned. | Evoryone feels that this consolidation of I ' Australian powor constitutes a real gain ' to the Empire as a. whole, and makes the : now dominion a fresh bulwark of Imperial power. The veteran Agent-General for ' Victoria-half a century ago you sent him from your shores to aid in tile foundation i of the gold colonj--opportunely reminded i Great Britain, on tho morning that the Queen's sanction to the Commonwealth Constitution was announced, that the < Australians have always been Imperial- 1 ists. In this connection he cited a de- i spatch in which Lord John Russell, at the ' time of the Crimean war, expressed the thanks of the nation for the "deep Bym- ' pathy" manifested by the Australians in ' the trials the motherland was then ' experiencing. The despatch showed, j that though tho colonies in thoso ' days had not all obtained con- ' stitutional economy, yet the Co- lonial Secretary for the time being saw "how strong, beyond more political union, are the ties which attach the distant bronchos to the ancient stem of tho Em- pire." The bonds of Impelial unity have , Leon vastly strengthened since those days, but, one cannot but admiro the preicicnco , and statesmanship which even then fore- , saw that, whenever a time of crisis arose, tho Antipodean colonies would supply ? convincing evidence of British solidarity. ; The Queen's sanction to the Common- i wealth Bill was given through Commis- t Bioners. The selection wns a happy one, j as tho names included the Lord Chancel- 1 lor, and those of two popular cx-Austra- | lian Governors-the Earl of Hopetoun and j the Earl of Kintoio. At the request of J Mr. Chamberlain, tho Queen consented to I sign in duplicate tho commission express- j ing her Royal Assent to the Bill, in order > that the Hon. Edmund Barton might take : home a copy for preservation in the Fed- ' oral Parliament House. Tho Queen aleo gave the senior Australian delegate the table, inkstand, and pen which she used in signing her nanio, and these will, doubtless, be ranked as priceless trea- sures in tho centuries to como by succeed- ing generations of Anglo-Saxon citizens of tho Australian nation. Everyone here is j hoping that the new Constitution will he- ¡ . gin to oporate on the 1st of January next, , j as it would be something to strike the , , imagination in dating this momentous event from the first sunrise of a now cen- tury. But, pohsibly, Australians may i prefer January 20-"Anniversary Day" the date on which, 112 j'ears ago, the flag of England was hoisted among the gum trees and wattle blooms al Botany Bny. | Thoro is much speculation as to who will bo the first Governor-General of Fed orated Australia. It is a position which appeals to many ambitious public men. Until within the last few days the Earl of Jersey and the Earl of Hopetoun, both ox Australian Governors, of great popularity and tact, have boon the candidates regard- ed with most favour. But now the Duke of Argyll is supposed to bo the favourite. If the Princess Louise could be persuaded to go into "oxile" for a few years, the Duke of Argyll would almost certainly be chosen; but sho is not supposed to relink the idea of a life at the Antipodes. Tho Duke of Fife is also mentioned, but his , young wife might not Uko to sacrifice her- self any moro than her aunt. On the j whole, I think tho Earl of Hopetoun has the best chanco of hoing selected. He is , a great favourite with the Queen, and his ¡ popularity in Victoria during his guber- | nntorial term was great. Ho declares that his name has been mentioned with- out authority, but diplomaticdenials do not count for much. Athletics aro acquiring a hold in all | civilised countries. The Biitish monopoly j of sport is at an end. All Europe is join- ? ing in the athletic movemont. The Spree and the Alstcr have their rowing clubs, and lawn tennis is actually played on the terrace where Hamlet saw his father's ghost. At Henley this year there was an extraordinary close finish between the Belgian erew and the noted Leander club. One of the foreign scullers also proved his | mettle in the Diamonds. But still more remarkable was the scene witnessed this year at the Stamford Bridge grounds, when the Amateur Athletic Champion- ships came up for decision. It was a day for the Stars and Stripes. Out of 19 . events our American cousins carried off eight-the 100 yards, quarter-mile, and hurdle race; the high, long, and pole j jumps; throwing the hammer and . Ïutting the weight. In accomplishing hese, feats the visitors created two new , records, and equalled a third. There was a marvellous hammer throw by Mr. Flanagan, of New York-163ft. lin.-and Mr. Kraenzlein's victory in the hurdles was the best performance of the kind ever seen in this country. A most interesting .vent was the high jump, in which J. K. Baxter, of Pennsylvania University, jumped 8ft. 2in. There is little doubt that he could have excelled Ryan's champion- ship record of 8ft. 2}in. had he liked, for he quite outclassed his rivals. He has a most extraordinary action. He comes up with a slow, crouching, panther-like run, quickens in the last few feet, and then, without any apparent effort, goes over the bar. The short races went to the Ameri- cans, but the English rnnners were vic- torious in the mile and the 4 miles-the stolid Briton being best in the events de- manding Btaying power, and the nervous American at a sprint. In the 100yds. flat Tace, Stanley Rowley, of New South Wales, won his heat bv 2}yds. ; time, 10 l-5th sec. ; but in the final heat he carno in fourth, A. F. Duffy, of Georgestown University, winning in 10sec. Tho Sydney sprintor was to havo compotod in the quarter-mile flat raco, but he did not turn up. The friendly international rivalry drow together an enormouB crowd of spec- tators. Such contests can scarcely fail to raino tho standard of athletics in this country: London has been enjoying n Inugh over the exposure, which lins befallen Madame Zuleika Cavalier, a handsome young Oriental*lady, or who poses as such, who for some years hoB made a largo income in the West;End by fortune-telling. Her clients were numerous. The vast corres- pondence which the authorities inspect- ed, showed-that .this "descendant of an anoitnt JHJOhiq MM" POWMKd gl*fiMtt flucnco over large numbera of foolieh women, also over some bishops, rectors, vicars, and, m fact, all sorts nnd conditi- ons of men. Her fame became so gtcut that the Honourable Alexander McDonnell, a clerk in tho Civil Set vico deleimined lo spend a guinea in consulting lier Mio told bim the usual nonsense, and piomucd him a fortune shortly, which, however, has not vet irnchcd Jim, Til" .. 'j w examined in her own belialf. She elated her vocation vvnB that of a "meinni healer" and t>he domed being n foi tuno toller. She not keel, she °nid, "on the lmcfi of truth, ' the pictures which she lcvenl ed founing thoinsc VCB on her ininti hie a kaleidoscope. A ntimboi of Indies and gontlemcn gave evidence of hei liigli char actoi, bul the Couti, nevertheless, held that she lind been nghtlj coin ii ted mid finid under mi Act of Geoige IV , d'ahiig with tho punishment of idle and dmordu lj persons, and rogues and v im bonds Undoi winch category the handsome Oriental lady must bo clnBsod 1 do uot profess to know She lina boon mai ing about X1,500 ii jem, and lins pin chased u landed estate Tho KaiBcr's efforts to make Gemmill a vvoild power are costing the Tenions a pretty ponnj, apart altogothci ft out the oxtcnsive naval expenditure to which the nation stands committed In 1899 tin total expenditure on hei colonies cost Gormnnv i.7G5,000, bul tins j ear the sum has swollen to Xl,317,373, or, with coi tain supplementär} voles, to Xl.'iOO.OUO The extent of the colonies foi which this Inrge oxpondituio is incurred is about a mi'lion squnro miles, with a population of iienilj 17,000,000, of whom only a handful ure of European extraction. In South-West Aft tea the oiToil to devolop a trade with Germany is making progress, but the greater pait of tho Enst African import trade of German East Afuca still comes from India and Zanzibni. I hear that Lieutenant Rojtls, Tí N , who was Bald to havo boon appointed Bocond in command of the National Ant- arctic expedition has in icality been np pointed to the third position. The post of Bocond in command to Lieutenant Robert Scott will piobnblv bo given to Lieutenant Arimtbage, of the Rojal Naval Resolve, at present an omcor in tho P. mid Ö sei vice. He served as magnetic ob3orvot in tho Jnckson-Hairosworth expedition in Fian¿ Josef Land, and proved himself n inn» full of resource in cmoigencies. I hear that Miss Clara Butt ihe fanions English contralto will visit Auslialnsin next season She has just been mnriied and if report ai eaks ti uo is lees indus tiioualj inclined than hnr AiiBtiulian riva' Ada Crossley who is an uiituim, workoi and the most methodical of busi ness «omen Mnjoi Gonernl French the Command ant of tho New South Wales forces ha suggestod that tho leal wnj to help Old lngland to keep the flag Hjing all ovci the Empire is to form War Reserves in the colonies Ile considors thnt the Au tralasian colonies contain the finest ma terial in the world for light carahv Iii advocates the formation of a corps of 10 000 chiefly mounted men like the bushmon Bent to South Africa He csli mates the cost at about X100 000 in lui CB of peace and he proposes that the cost should be provided by tho Imperial Go vernment He points out that thev would thus secur» for X100 000 the ser vices of a more valuable forco than would now cost them a million per annum In connection with this subject I mu} mon tion that a Now Zcalandcr now in Lou don has hintod that the Imperial autho rities would do well to distribute innongst the colonies the thousands of capture I Mauser rifles which are now being pu ked up tn South Africa with also some of i the big guns Maxims and pom poins But 1 tho experience nt the Bis'ev meeting now in progress seems to show that the Lee Metford is still hard to heat for ne curate shooting The social ovent of the week lins been I tho brilliant garden party which the | Queen gave in her private grounds at Buckingham Palace Some 5 000 cuesta were privileged to see this oasis of Lon don It is a park of 40 at res in the very I heart of london filled with magnificent old trees and lovely and extensive lawns ' of softest turf one of 10 acres opposite the Royal apartments being the spot where the Royal tent was pitched It is a beautiful structure of striped red and orange 50ft in length by 24ft deep splendidly furnished with gilt chair« tables and sideboards Troin the roof were suspended baskets of roses while in the tront were displavs of palma and rosea In the centre of the Queen a maiqueo waa a table and an armchair for Hoi Majestv who hole received the chief gilesta On the ornamental water the Queen s barge mon in picturesque dress were ready to give the guests u Bhort cruise It was a verj gay and animated scone and of course verv representative of high BO ciotj The Queen waa dressed in «lack w ith main e flowers in her bonnet anti in tho costumo of the Princesa of Wales mauve was the predominant colour As tho Queen alighted nnd approached her tent she Baw two distinguished Indian Rn jnlis and had them at once presented to her The Rajah of Oolapur bowed with great dehght at the honour A fow of tlio gentlemen wore white lints including tho Prince of Wales and Duke of Yoil One gentleman reccntlj in Australia was equally up to date. I mean Sir Gerald Smith, the Governor of West Australia, Sir P. O. Fysh, Lady Fysh, and the Misses Fysh were present. 