BREEL0NG BLACKS. COMMANDEERING DINNER. . .'?; A MAN FIRED AT; - v ;' ? V - '-' . Ndkdle, Wednesday. ?' The Governors balled up and bad dinner 'Witn a man named Woodley to-day, eleven miles from Nundle. Asearch party arrived on'the scene. The blacks fired twice at a man'nametl James Heyman, without effect. The other members of the search party, all local residents, although well armed, did not fire, and tho blacks, throwing down everything but their firearms and ammunition, succeeded in escaping. Intense excitement prevails. Thursday Afternoon. — After leaving Swain's place, which they robbed on Monday night, the outlaws apparently moved leisurely during Tuesday, and at 12.30 on Wednesday came to the camp of two fencers named W. Woodley and- R. Lord, situated amon;; tho ranges.' about 14 miles f rom ? Nnndle, above Crawney Pass., The fencers were having dinner at the timol nnd saw the blacks coming. When within fiO yafls they called upon the fencers to surrender, to throw up tholr hands, and to leave tho fire. Tho foncers obeyed. The outlaws then came to the fire, nnd, discovering no firearms,' told tho fen cers to return,- Lord then invited tho outlaws to have dinner, tho Invitation being accepted./1 In conversa tion, the blacks said they would riot shoot anybody other that those carrying firearms, but would shoot anybody they believed to bo in pursuit of them. During tho -'progress of tho dinner Lord heard horse men coming up' the mountain. The murderers did not hear thoir : approach until they were within about 10 yards, Jimmy Governor. on hearing them, sprang up, crying, ' Holy Ghost I ' seized his rifle, and sprang behind n tree, followed by Joe; The blacks then fired upon tho advancing whites, five in number, including J. Heyman, W. Devine, J. Schofield, and A. Robson, all civilians. These men were not aware of the presenco of tho blacks until hearing shots fired, when. they all jumped from their horsos.and prepared to return the fire, all boing nrmed with rifles. However, as soon as the outlaws had delivered their first volley _ from behind a large tree, they bonndod off down tho hill in the opposite direction, leaving nil their provisions, quart pots, coats, blankets, and everything they possessed, oxcepting tlio rifles imd ammunition. As thoy disappeared past, the fencers, they called out to them, 'You con have all we are leaving lwhind ; good-bye.' Thoy then bounded down the side of the hill, the foncers say, like wallabies, striding IBft. to 18£t; per stride, In tho meantime the surprised civilians wore waiting, for the outlaws to show out, nnd. were not n-waro of their flight till the foncers informed them. They then fired several shots, but could got no reply from the other pursuers, none of whom wore within two miles. They theii went back down hill, and fired several other shots, and within half-an-hour the Queensland trackers camo up nnd were taken to tho fonceiV camp. Thoy took up the tracks, which followed down one spur about a mile, and then doubled back within 200 j-nrds of fencers' camp on another spur, whero the Governors had ovidently watched the police and trackers go down the hill, and then mode ofl; in another direction. On Wednesday morning the pursuers came on tho camp of tho fugitives, where thoy had shot a sheep, part of which thoy had cooked nnd eaten. On Wednesday night the outlaws had drawn closer to Nundle, and at 10 p.m. camo to Mr. Flood's nt Wombramurra Woolshcd, whoro they were fired at by Flood, but without effect. The outlaws then de camped. Thin morning the tracks were tnkon up and followed, still towards Nundle nnd Wombra murra Woolshed, fivo miles from Nundle. Two children nrc said to have Been the olacks, who passed close to them this morning, near Dyson's, only four miles from Nundle. The children say they heard the blacks say they would wait till all the police left the locality and then rob Dyson's. This statement is discredited, though ii may bo possible. There is great excitement here, and large bodies oE civilians are going out. There arc said to be several hundreds now surrounding the blacks from all quarters, nnd it seems almost impossible that tho outlaws should cscapo, but past experience shows that they are capable of getting out of very hot corners. Later. — The Governors havo had no food since Wednesday, when thoy loft all their provisions nt the fencers' camp, and, therefore, must cull at houses, which* are- now being guarded generally, Their nrreat to-day or to- morrow in, therefore, very probable. 