HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. FRIDAY, JULY 27, 1900. Tho SPEAKER (Hon. Nicholas Brown) took the chair at 2.30 p.m. GREAT WESTERN RAILWAY. EARLY COLLAPSE OF DEBATE. THE BILL THROWN OUT. Mr. HERBERT NICHOLLS, who was received with cheers, in continuing the debato on tho second reading of the Great Western Roilway and Electric Oio reduction Company Bill, said he wished to deal with the main issues which kepi certain members in BUBpensc, in voting for a bill which was of the utmost im- portance to eveiy inhabitant of the colony, for, without the hue, there could not be a complete sj-stem of railway com- munication in Tasmania. The first ob- jection raised by the opposers was that; the oompany had been too long in flota- tion; secondly, a lack of belief in the stability of the company; and, thirdly, that the proposal now betöre the House was one by which the Government would be entering into a partnership, or in some other way associating itself with the com pan j--net as n paitner, but as a co-undertaker in some sonBe. That view, he contended, was wholly erroneous. If the proposals in the bill were acceded to, the company and the Government would be as much separated as if this agreement were entered into between two commer- cial men who entered into a contract at arm's length, and even with a mutual hostility. Unjust criticism had been offered by saying there was no company. Anyone who had followed the history of the thing knew that there was no pre- tence on anybody's part at saying that there was a company in existence in London. It had been said that the com- pany had been underwritten, and that was the most extreme statement ever made on the point. Underwritten meant that people had been found to take up shares if a company was floated. The gentlemen concerned in Adelaide were the most substantial of men, and Mr. Patterson could not deny that they had his certificate about their being honour- able men, worthy of respect. They formed themselves into a company, which was the Great Western Railway Com- pany. They never said they had the money ready, as a company, but that they took the scheme up to float on the London market. And then they found that the Emu Bay Railway Company had a prospectus issued to run to Lyell (to which the Great Western was to go, and a name most effective of all on the Lon- don market), and this rivalry hindered the flotation of the Great Western Rail- way Company at once. The Emu Bay Company had not a right to go to Lyell, and had not got that right now, so that claim of theirs was a lie. ? Sir EDWARD BRADDON: They got the right to construct a branch to Lyell. Mr. NICHOLLS: Yes: and they got to Leslie Junction. (Laughter.) They never got a right to construct a line from Waratah to Lyell Sir EDWARD BRADDON : They have. Mr. NICHOLLS: To construct a branch but not a trunk line. The Great Western Railway promoters, however, pursued their efforts, had their financial arrangements perfected, the money underwritten, and were on the eve of fto tat'on, when that verj- unnecessary tele- gram was sent to London by Sir Edwaid Braddon that prevented flotation Sir EDWARD BRADDON: Which was that? Mr. NICHOLLS : Saying that thoy had forfeited the whole of their rights, and sent, too, five months after the period from which it was alleged their rights had lapsed, and, in face of the opinion of the -best legal authori . ties in England and "" Australia, that their rights had not been forfeited. By that telegram the flotation of a com ? pany was crushed at the last moment. ' That telegram shook the confidence of those prepared to underwrite the money, and the effect was that the company had | to come to Parliament now to ask to be ! put in a position which would prove to the London investors that the Govern- ment of Tasmania was not hostile, and he thought their request as contained in , the bill was in no wise unreasonable or i prejudicial to the interests of the colony. Sir Edward Braddon had complained of coercion in this matter j Mr. PATTERSON: Hear, hear. ' Mr. NICHOLLS: Some people deserved it-(laughter)-but, in Sir Edward Brad don's case, the alleged threat that, unless he supported this bill, Hobart people would not vote for him to be returned to the Federal Parliament, _ no doubt Sir Edward's good services in the cause of Federation would be recogniBed at their true value. (Hear, haar.) As regarda another description of coercion, about which a lot had been made, the people of , Hobart were entitled to have a word said i for them. If a member was called upon by his constituents to fulfil a promise he had made to them without solicitation, , he had nothing to complain of. (Hear, ' hear.) With regard to a statement of Mr. Palmer's, that the Government would lose £50,000 a year if they built the rail- way, that was the only one that the op- ponents of the bill quoted as true. But was it fair that they should reject his other statements? If the railway was go- ing to pay, of course concessions would not be needed. Let Mr. Palmer's state- ments be dealt with on soma principle. At the time the statement was made, however, the population of the West Coast was only half what it was now. We ought to hear the last of that state- ment of Mr. Palmer's. Why comment on the concessions asked for? That,was the affair of the promoters, and they asked and took them at their own risk. To take the shares at their face value was not reasonable; but when the nominal value was cut down, it was objected that the capital was insufficient. There had been always a fear that the colonial Go- vernment would not be friendly'to the syndicate; a test question was put, and the underwriters (he thought justly) ar- rived at the conclusion that the Govern- ment of this colony was hostile. But, even apparent hostility might do the syn- dicate a wrong in England. The honour of the colony was now frequently spoken of. The Act of the Emu Bay Company waa renewed five times, and the same re- gard for the honour of the colony might be exercised now, in dealing with the Great Western Railway Company.. It was said that the renewals of the Emu Bay Act were made for'different person«. Well, here were different persons, holding the Great Western Railway Acts. This company only asked what must be done at,no distant date-that the,Government should extend their own Derwent Valley line. To, say that a lessee and a lessor were partners, was, a misuse of language, Whan the Government let a building to a newspaper firm in Hobart, did they be come partners with the firm? The ob- jection seemed.to be that the colony was going to 1ft the extension of the Derwent Valley line te the syndicate. Well, if they did, the" most remarkable ' thing about it would be that there would be a line paying 8} per cent, from the start. '(Hear, hear.); " Theyiwould, he thought, be'all-glad it-the whole railway system of the colony bould' be leased on the same terms.' (Hearihsar.) . Would the run ,MJ°!».PP.wer» o»*r the Derwent Valley line which the company must get make the OOvepment and^th* syndicate partners? M the alleged '«incubus" of 4heuGreat Western..Railway were got rid of, he could tell ,the House, as one fresh from a by-election in'the city, that the peop'e of Hobart would never rest satisfied till this railway wbb made. (Hear, hear.) The company based its .claims to have the i bill passed on the fact that, the colony, designedly or accidentally, had prevented the syndicate from floating its company. The immediate request now made was a modest and reasonable one. It was now impossible for young men to make a living in this colony. Nearly all the as- sociates of his own boyhood had left Tas- mania. Trade was going elsewhere. Melbourne was the capital of Tasmania, and Hobart and Launceston were suburbs without cities. Th» fight was not j be- tween the North and South of Tasmania, but between Melbourne and Tasmania. I He would continue to fight, there or else- ' where, for Tasmania being put in a po- sition to develop its own resources and enjoy ita own produots. (Cheers.) Mr. WOOLLNOUGH said he approached a discussion of the question as a more or less independent Southern member, al- though an attempt had been made to coerce him. Ho admitted that it was desirable there should be railway communication between the capital of the colony and the Wost Coast. (Hear, hear.) And no ob- jection could be laised because the line might not be a paying one. Before sup- porting the bilLho wanted to be certain that tlie syndicate was prepared to cany out its part of the agreement, as well as the Government carried out theirs. The TREASURER: The Government proposal is depondont on the company be- ing able to do their part. Mr. WOOLLNOUGH wanted to be assur- ed that the colony should not have to pay too much for the 35 miles extension, mid that the interest on the money would bo secure. He nlso wished to know if the route already chosen «as a satisfactory one, and likewise wanted to be assuied that the syndicate lino would be as good as the Government line, and, when made, would be efficiently maintained. If the reply to the latter query wub not satisfac- tory, it would be useless for the Govcrn medt to construct 83 miles of íailway, tis it would onlv end in the wilderness. It was desirable that the Government should not bo bound to the contractor of the lost of the line, but have au independent estí- mate of tho cost of constiucting their 33 miles, seeing that it was the easiest poi tion of the whole line. Tho method sug- gested for the payment of inteiest was not at ali satisfactory, anil the route had not been surveyed by a Government suiveyor, as seemed desirable, mid the supoi vision of the line should be taken in hnnd by the Government to ensuie a good line being built. He wob, theiofore, prepared to vote for the bill, but absolutely and cntirely without prejudico, ana would not under- take to support the present syndicate. The PREMIER (Hon. Neil E. Lewis) said thoie had been many misrepresenta- tions about the matter, and about South- ern Tasmania. He wished to dispel these illusions, mid would try and explain the exact position the Government had taken up in the mutter, and show what they lind done was in the best interests, not only of Southern Tasmania, but of the whole colony. Members of tho last Parliament v\ ere 'possibly hurried when they agreed to iuscit in the Great Western Amending Act a claiiBC which, if it remained on the Statute Book, would be most deti ¡menial to lailwnv construction between Hobart and the West Coast, (near, hear.) The clause had been inserted against the strong protest of railway experts, backed up by Ministers in the House, and would enable the company to build what Mr. Putterson called a switch-back line. The Govern- ment had considered how best lo remove that clauso, and get a substantial lino huit. The suggestion made by the com- pany was that" the Government should purchase ,£200,000 of debentures, but the Government did not wish to be intimately associated, even as part-holders, with the other dobontiire-holders. The alternative suggestion made by the Government was that they should extend the Derwent Vol- ley line to such1 a distance ob ¿£200,000 would construct it. That would mean 35 miles of railway, and the Government was getting a removal of the concession to which he had referred. That was the main object of the Government in dealing with the company in any way. The Government were going to refuse to give their support to the substitution of the amendment pro- posed by the Select Committee, and would fight hard to prevent the amendments be- ing made, and if the House insisted upon the amendments being inserted, the Go- vernment would throw in their weight with those who sought the rejection of the measure on its third reading. At present the company had a right to junction with the Derwent Valley railway at Glenora, and the Act of 1896 empowered the Go vernor-in-Council to graut running pow- ers over any railway belonging to tue Go- vernment of Tasmania, so that by con- structing and leasing the line to the com- pany the Government were no more closely associated with the company than they were bv granting them running powers. Mr Nicholls s suggestion that running powers should be granted instead of a lease was a matter for consideration. The bill conld be amended in committee, as the House saw fit. The provisions contained in the lease would be the usual ones, providing for the proper maintenance of the Uno and the enforcement of the provisions of the Act. As lo the matter of route, Mr. Woollnough had evidently not studied the correspondence. In his letter of March 6 to the solicitors for the company, he wrote that the western terminus should be situ- ated in a position where it could conve- niently junction with the îauway to be constructed by the company; and the company's route, ob already surveyed, would be followed, as far as was found practicable and desirable. But if it was found necessary to ndopt the Ouse route, or any other route, the Government was perfectly at liberty to extend the Derwent i Valley railway by any route it thought fit. If it decided that the company's route was best, that route would be adopted ; if it was not the best, it would not; no compulsion lay on the Govern- ment. As to another objection raised by Mr. Patterson : Nobody had said that the correspobdence showed that the Govern- ment was going to pay ¿6200,000 for the construction of 33 miles of railway from Glenora, without first taking expert ad- vice. The eoriespondence provided thal .£200,000 would be appropriated for the construction of a railwoy, on from Glen- ora as far as it could be constructed for that sum. Mr. Patterson sought to place a construction on the correspondence that it would not bear. Mr. Patterson was an expert in engineering, and no other mem- ber of the House could make the same claim; but he could not look upon Mr. Patterson as the expert of the House in the reading of plain English. Thus, he would ask Mr. Patterson to refer to the Government's letter of the 19th April, and he would find it laid down that the Government would be willing to con- sider an offer from Messrs. Pauling and Co., for the construction of the first por- tion of the line (to the satisfaction of the Government engineer), which the Govern- ment proposed to make, commencing at Glenora. That statement laid no obliga- tion on the Government to accept any of- fer. Expert advice would be obtained to say whether any offer submitted by Messrs. Pauling and Co. was a reasonable offer or not. And what were, the1 terms ? Not an offer to construct on Messrs.'Pauling and Co.'s own contract, or on any speci- fied contract, but upon the specification contained in the schedule of the original Act-(Hear, hear)-and'to the satisfaction of the Government engineer. The Govern- ment would insist upon that. (Hear, hear.) Mr. WOOLLNOUGH: If the line costs leBS than ¿6200,000, are you going to ex- pend the balance in constructing an ex- tension of the 35 miles ? The PREMIER said that ¿6200,000 was based on the estimate that the line would only cost ¿86,000 a mile. The average cost of the Government railways was ¿£8,300. If 33 miles of railway was got for ¿£200,000, the cost would be a quarter less than the average cost of railway construction to the Government. But if the 35 miles could be constructed for less than ¿£200,000, the Government had no wish to extend the I construction beyond 35 miles. (Hear, hear.) That, however, was very unlikely. Mr. Patterson had told the House that the first 20 miles of the line,! according to the present survey was very easy. Bat be- yond that, over the remaining 15 miles, they got into the very rough and difficult country known as ltumboldt's Divide. Mr. FOWLER: Will you.Bpend more than ¿£200,000. if that sum .is net sufficient to construct 35 miles of railway ? The PREMIEit: No! (Hear, hear.) Now, as to what security the Government would have or the payment or rent or interest. The Government stood exactly in the same position as any other landlord with a ten- ant who made default.1 The Government would have power to distrain; and, be- yond that, the Government would have power to re-enter upon ita own property, and occupy it. Thus the Government would have a line from" Hobart' to the Floren I t:ne Valley, and the company a line from I Zeehan to the Florentine Valley. If , the i company made default in the payment of I interest, the company would still bave in I some way te'get ita'stuff over the Govern- ment portion, and' pay for running pow- ers, "in the same way that it would have to pay-"for running power« between Glenora and Hobart. If tfie^ompany stopped run-' ning altogether, then, under the principal , Act, the company's "whole line to Zeehan -would be forfeit to the colony. ' ' Sir EDWARD BRADDON ¡-Yes-thrown on the colony. The PREMIER: Precisely. The Govern-* ment.was exactly in the same position as obtained under the Act of 1896. The com- pany would have to «pond ..¿tHOO.OQO or ¿£500,000, and if it stopped,running, the Government (for -6200.000) would "have a line'right/through-from Glenora to Zee-. han. ' The Government'would' be'in an ex- cellent position. " - \- The MINISTER OF LANDS ' (Hon. E. Mulcahy) : The same conditions apply to the'Emu Bay line. (Hear," hear.) The PREMIER: Those were the facts as to the Government*» .security for the payment of interest." Mr. Patterson askeu what assurance the Government had that ' the line would be efficiently maintained. j The answer was that,' as far as the Govern i ment portion of the line waa concerned, i the. lease would provide for its proper j maintenance, and default would be visited ! with the usual penalties in the caBe of a ! tenant; who neglected to carry out the provisions of his lease. (Hear, hear.) As . ÎS r-e maintenance of the remainder of i the line-that, again, was provided for in I the principal Act. . On another point. ; Work was not to be commenced', at Glen . ora until auch time ae the'company wai i in a proper financial position to carrv ont ita Work, commencing «immltaniottily from the vicmitj of Zeehan and the vicinity of j Gormanston i Sir EDWARD BRADDON Aie jou sat- isfied with the companj'B financial posi- I tion? I The PREMIER For the present, no body protended that the companj lulu any { financial position But a clause would ba > msorted in the bill that tho Go\eminent i should not commence construction until j the contiact had been entoied upon tor the simultaneous construction bj the companj of the rest of the line Sir EDWARD BRADDON But, in this letter of the end of Maj this was the con- dition precedoul-jou were to be satisfied of the financial position of the companj beforo jou moved in the moller The TREASURLR (lion U S Bird) Boforo we movo an inch in the building of the line | The PREMIER The only company now m existence was whut was called the Adelaide Companj There was no com- I pany in Loudon and it was not likclj I that there would bo until this mattei was finally sottled Hie Government learned | on inquirj that tho only piesent com- , pnnj was registered in Adelaide with a capital of A41000 That was the oulj companj with which the Government could deal at presont, Ministers were satisfied of that He hoped the House \ would look upon this mnttei in a light >erj different fiom that in which ii was presented bj Mr Palteruon, and ho hoped Hint Mr Palleison would bo satis fiod, if he roioad the coriespondcnco in an ordinary, common sense wnj, that, in I his contention that the Government had gi\cn Messrs Pauling and Co the light to construct the line on thoir own con tract, ho was enluely mistaken, and, also, thal, when ho thought the Govern nient w na going to paj Messrs Pauling and Co «BOO 000 for the construction ot 35 miles #f înilwaj on their own contract, and no1 on the specifications of the Act he was led into an error which the corre spoudence did not in nuj wnj justify Mi PATTLRSON lose to make n per- sonal explanation What ho said was, "What becomes of tho alleged contract ?" Ho said that in that contract the use of Band ballast was used, contrarj to the specifications of the Act no did not mislead the specifications 01 the corre- spondence All he wanted to know was, what became of the alleged contract The PREMIER said that the whole of the correspondence mado it clear that the line must bo constructed upon the specifications of the Act, not on Messrs Pauling and Companj's contract. But the Government would bo willing to con Bider an offer fiom Messrs Pauling and Co for the oonstiuetiou of the line, ac cording to the specifications, and to the satisfaction of the Government Engineer Mr PATTERSON What becomes of tho contract? The PREMIER The Government ib not responsible for their contract, and has nothing to do with it ( 'Hear, hear," and laughter ) uuu mu«»"-.., , Mr. EVANS said that he was convinced . that thora »as a majority in the House who would throw out the bill on its J second reading. ("Oh 1") Personally, he had always voted conscientiously, inde- pendently of all considerations of North, South, East, or West. But he thought that Hobart was entitled to a fair share of the public money for the securing of railway communication with the West Coast. Southern Tasmania was eutitled te a larger share of the railway vote than it got, and Hobart should be connected bv railway with the great mines of the West Coast. The telegrams sent to Eng- land " by Sir Edward Braddon and the (rightful) withdrawal of Sir Philip Fysh from thé directorate prevented the flo- tation of the company, while great diffi ! culty was caused by the hostile attitude of a contemporary syndicate. If this bill was now thrown out, it would postpone indefinitely the making of the Great Western Railway. It was said the line would not pay. If that argument were to be accepted at all times, what railways would now exist in Tasmania? The Great Western lins ought to be made, in order that, after Federation, our people might be able to compete with the pro- ducers and manufacturers of the main- land. He read passages from speeches made by Mr. Patterson in February and March last, before he became a member of the House, and asked what weight could his speech of Thursday laBt have with the House P He distinctly stated in March that, now that the first pros- pectus of the syndicate had been aban- doned, he would support the proposal of the Government to assist the syndicate to the extent of £200,000. Did syndicates make railways from philanthropy? Why, then, Bhould this syndicate be sneered at for tbeir efforts to obtain the best terms? The shares would be taken at a risk, in , hopes of their becoming valuable in Hie future. The Premier had shown that the Government were not bound to deal with i Pauling Bros., but, tlifise men could con- tract for the jvork at a lower price than i any other contractors. No business men, would place their money in any venture like this till it was guaranteed that the i concessions would be granted. He hoped ' the House would, in this matter, do their honest best for the good of Tasmania. (Hear, hear.) Mr. GAFFNEY said it was high time 1 this syndicate had made the railway, or given up the ghost. It would be a pity ' to run another railway which would in- terfere with the lineB already existing on the West Coast. If a line must be made from Hobart .to the West Coast, it was time to take the matter out of the hands of the present syndicate, and give it over to a trust. He would bo glad to support this syndicate if he Baw they meant busi- ness, but he intended to oppose their ob- taining any extension of time. He was not influenced by any local considéra- tions, and would gladly support the mak- ing of any line which would be beneficial to the people of the colony. Mr. GUESDON held that the syndicate had honourably and promptly fulfilled every obligation when called upon to do so, and until 1898 had never asked for a concession. The Adelaide syndicate did net merit the harsh epithets that some hon. members applied to them, as they were not responsible for Mr. Palmer's utterances. If the bill did not go into committee, the prospect of the line being constructed by the syndicate would be irretrievably lost. The statement made to the effect that no trustees had been appointed in connection with' the deben- tures wsb not correct, as a despatch from the Agent-General clearly showed. The treatment accorded to other syndicates in the past had -been much more generous than that the Great Western syndicate | was receiving. Strenuous opposition had i been offered to the Strahan-Zeehan line, i but recent developments had justified the construction of the line, and there was ample evidence to justify the belief that equal development would result from the construction of the Great Western Rail- way. He appealed to the House to give the matter1 fair consideration. I Mr. BRADLEY said he wanted to know ; what the syndicate had doris to merit all ! these hard knocks. It 'had done more than any other syndicate in this country had ever attempted in the matter of sur- veys alone, and spent about £40,000. The contention adduced that the,syndicate had offered to take the Scottsdale line as a general standard was altogether in- accurate; it was simply proposed to take that line as a standard in the matter of i curves and grades. It was only fair to' Hobart that this line should 'be con- I structed. He hoped all local jealousies , would be put on one side. /The bill would have his hearty support. The second reading was disagreed to on the following division: »A?M"(16); Messrs. Lewis, Mulcahy, Bird, Guesdon, J. G. Davies, Woollnough, Bradley, Urquhait, Hodgman, Nicholls, Propsting, Evans, Leatham, Hamilton, Shaw, Burbury. Noes (l8): Sir Edward Braddon, Messrs. Patterson, Reibey, Hall, Sadler, Ljne, Gaffney, Hartnoll, Hope, Mccrackan, Archer, W. H. T. Brown, Fowler, Wal- duck. Aikenhead.. Burke, Dumaresq, Best. Pair-Aye: Dr. Crowther. No: Mr. Mackenzie. ' THE CODLIN MOTH. Mr. BURKE moved the second reading of the Codlin Moth Bill, which was in- tended to remove the minimum penalty prescribed for various offences under the present law. In many parts of the colony, at the present time orchardists were pro- ceeded against on the most, trivial of,of- fences, and the Justices presiding'had no option but to enforce certain specified pen- alties. In some' of these caseB'the or- chardists had, done 'all in their'power to eradicate' the moth, and it was desirable that discretion" should be given Jv.itices to deal with a case" on its merits, and not be hampered "bj a minimum penalty. He knew of .instances' where orchardists had been most energetic in combating the pest, but were,fined the-mínimum'penalti be- cause the Justices nod no option. The TREASURER opposed the'bill, as he did not think there was sufficient evi- dence adduced to show,the necessity of re- moving the minimum penalty. There might be districts where the1 matter was not of great importance, but there wero also districts where fruit was extensively ?:rown for a livelihood, and where the re ention of a minimum penalty in the Act was a most serions mailer. If they desired to keep the pest down, it was not too much . to ask that if the orchardists would not allow inspectors to do as the Act pre- scribed, they should not be allowed to get off with a less penalty'than the minimum one of 10s. -In many fruit districts the stringency of the present Act-' had been the means of causing'orchardists to clear their orchards of the pest. > He thought I that the" bill should,,ne, withdrawn, and I the present Act slloweu to remain in opera; I 'tiofa. '_*' "t " * *UJ' .* ,"*"'**'''** 'I lCr.: EVANS considered ¡the'matter was . One of groat Importance, as during the past j ear ¿£244,000 worth of fruit had been oxpoiled. It was, therefore, essential that everything should be done to kcop the pest down, and the stringency of the present Act had been most serviceable in that direction. Mi. URQUHART said ho was going to ojipoBo the bill in the intorests of Justices ot the Peace. When an orchaidist »as liroaocutcd, wth the minimum penalty re moved, the person pio^ocuted would gel his friends who were Justices to Bit on tho Bench. It was notorious that such things were done. Sir EDWARD BRVDDON thought that Mi. Urquharts remarks reflected seriously and unjustly on the chai actor of the Jus- tices of the colony. The .lusticoB could bo trusted to impose adequate penalties. Mi. HAMILTON said ho should suppoit tho second reading, although he should hope to soo it amended in committee in some paitictilars. Mr. HVKTNOLL said that in the North tho Codlin Moth Act lind proved a wretch- ed fiiiluic. Tho Noithoin oichaids weio in no bettor condition than when tue law was first enactod ne objected to the bill bocauso it did not go fin enough. The public had tried to cleanso their oichaids, and lind failed. Let the Govoinmont make a chnrga on cvoij orchaid in the land, and with the i eveline so raised administer tho whole Act itself. If Mr. Uiquhart know all ho Bimi, ho ought to have takon strong measures to sappi ess such o ,>toto of things when he was Attoinev-General. (Hear, hear.) Mr. DUMARESQ snid there was urgent need of amendment of tho \ct, veiv many oichauliBts 01 red through lgnoiaiico, or thiougli the faults of otheis, and magis tiates should have disciction to deni fair 1} with such cases. Mr. LYND also thought tho bill t' d not go far enough Hie Act was a most haiassing measure Hie slur cast bj Mr. Uiquhait on magistiates was most un- just Mr. URQUHART «aid he never cast anv slur at all. He wished to see the mini- mum penalt) retained as a protection to magistrates So long ns the minimum was kept up, poisons would not appeal person- ally to magistrates, lu older to escapo fines Mi. ARCHER consideiod that the Cod lin Moth Act had done good (Hear, hear ) It had enabled the fmitgrowois of Solbj | to keep theil orchards comparativel' clean. (Hear, hear ) The people w ho com Íilained most loudlv. against the Codlin doth Act woro thoso who did not paj pie- per attention to then ticos Mi rOWLUR said he was shonclj in favour of doing avvnj with the minimum penalty, andgiving the mogistrates diecre tionaiv power. Mi. IIODGMAN Bald that finer fruit could bo produced at bagdad than aiij w hero in the colon), mid the orchardists thore would ceitainlj object to the mini- mum penalty being removed They won, 1 rather see tho minimum penaltj inoronscil If the fine was not mane heavj, the or chaids would never be kept clean. The PREMIER said the Act had surely not boen a failuie, when it was bo strongly advocated b> members representing fiuit 1 d stricts. If the Act had been a failure in Launceston,it must have been because the manner in w hieb the Act was admin- istered was defective. He contended that the minimum penalty should be retained, as a breach of the Codlin Moth Act was a very serious offence. If they allowed merely nominal fines to be impose-', it would be a bad thing for the fruit in- dustry. Mr. BEST intended to support the biH as he considered that the Act should be emended in the interests of the fru t in- dustry. The second reading was agreed to on th» voices, and the bill taken formally into -committee. 