THE "TWOPENNY TUBE." In these days of opposition to the establishment of the electric system of tramways in Adelaide the following description of up-to-date London methods by an English girl will be read with in'terest:—"This morning we went up to the,British Museum by the 'Twopenny Tube'-—otherwise the electric railway, which runs from Shepherd's Bush to the Bank, in the City, in 20 minutes, and for twopence a.1 the way. There are dozens of stations all che way up, oil through 1 the parts of London that are as a rule diiScult to get at. For instance, by any other route it would take over an hour to get to the Bank. This Twopenny Tube is .quite new, and is simply enchanting. Of course it rims underground entirely, but oh! what a difference from the dreadful underground railway! Well, first of ad you plank down your twopence, and are given in exchange a ticket, which you drop into a box as you pass the barrier. You then walk into a perfect "room" of a lift, and immediately you are genitly lowered into the very bowels of the earth—all brilliant.y lighted like s. ballroom with eleatric light. Tnen you go down, a few steps on to a deliciously dean, un- Londonlike p.atform with a singlelie and a tunnel of deep blackness and tiny size at each end. The walls of these stations are curved inwards, and are of beautiful pure white, shiny brick, with the name hugely and clearly written up—and oh! marvellous! No advertisements that lead poor foreigners and shortsighted people to suppose that every station is caJed 'Stephen's Blue Black,' or "Ogden's Guinea. Gold,' or "Kpps's Cocoa.' Here and there are casual looking garden seats which nobody ever has time to use, because before you have been in this model station a minute a train comes along with an alarming looking torpedo-shaped engine and long corridor cars—all one class—because why? Because it is all one pricetwopence—quite sociable and socialistic, and all that kind of thing. I'm sure a socialist would love it, because if he were to travel at about 5 o'clock he would pro- bably have a workman's oilcan affectionately rubbed against his frock coat and a hobnailed boot placed protectingly on his patent leathers! But perhaps socialists don't wear patent leathers and frock coats. I should think it would be wiser not! Well, the seats in the cars are very comfortable, and tlie whole 'get up' of the train is clean and attractive, and therefore most unlike the usual London conveyances. I should think you could travel all day on the Twopenny Tube without getting a ghost of a smut on your nose, and the same could be said of no other place in London. The trains travel at a splendid pace, with only a few inches on either side between the 'train and the tunnel— a veritable tube. The stops at the stations are only of a few seconds, and you are off almost before you realize the name of the station. Conductors stand at each end of the corridors, and as you leave a station shou-t out the name of the next. It is all made delightfully easy for you, and when you reach your own particular station you bundle out, get into the waiting lift, and in no time find yourself above ground in the busy, noisy, rushing streets, quite bewildering after the peace of down below! The return line, of course, runs parallel, and the platforms are divided by a wall—a lovely white wall—with gates from ; one to the other. So after paying your twopence it is quite optional whether you go citywards or westwards. It is wonder-* fully airy, and they say in hot we&ther; it is beautifully cool and draughty. I suppose all the air is pumped down, because never a glimpse of daylight do you have from start to finish—all bright electric light. Of course, it is a tremendous success, but I, suppose it will be years before it really i pays. It has been years building, and ' must have been a hugely expensive job." 