NEWS OF THE DAY. DEATH.—We regret to have to record the death of Mr. John Eckersley Newberry, a highly respected resident of the New England district, of many years standing, which took place at the homestead of the deceased, at Ward's Mistake, on Friday evening last, at the age of 74 years. The deceased leaves a widow and a large grown-up family, for whom much sym- pathy has been expressed in their sad be- reavement. The funeral, which took place yesterday at the Armidale Church of Eng- land cemetery, was largely attended by relatives and friends of the bereaved fa mily, the arrangements being carried out by Mr. C. J. Hirschberg. Dean O'Connor's Silver Jubilee.— On Wednesday evening, the 26th instant, a conversazione is to be held in the Town Hall by the Boman Catholic Laity of Ar midale, on the occasion of the Very Bev. Dean O'Connor's silver jubilee, when an address and purse of sovereigns will be presented to the Dean. The hon. sec., Mr. S. J. Kearney, has been bnsy issuing invitations to this important function, and a very large attendance is anticipated on the evening mentioned to celebrate the occasion. Wanted, a Divorce.—Judges bave often, been beard to condemn the practice of let ters being addressed to them in connection with cases they have been called upon to determine, and on Thursday Justice Simp son referred to one which had no connec tion with any particular cause, but which, nevertheless, provoked not a little amuse ment. His Honor said it was addressed to the Hon. Sir William Charles Windeyer, Knight, and ran—" To Tour Honor—Dear Sir,—I want a divorce from my husband, who has not supported me or his child for five years. I have had to support the child myself. I am out at service, and I only get seven shillings a week. That is not enough money to support (the child, let alone me, and I feel it very hard to straggle alone without a husband. I have had se veral offers, and I could not accept any through me being a married woman. Please, your Honor, would you kindly grant me a divorce from my husband for wife desertion for five year6." " A de cree absolute by request," remarked a well-known counsel, when his Honor had finished reading the letter. Police Court?.—At the Police Court, on Friday, before Mr. W. F. Parker, P.M., Gregory Cahill proceeded against John Campbell for using insulting language to him at the Eockvale Hotel on the night of the 31st of August last. Defendant pleaded not guilty, and was represents^' by Mr. Weaver. Gregory Cabill gave evi dence to the effect that on the date in question defendant visited his father's hotel at Bock vale, and was refused drinks by him (complainant) as he wanted them on credit. On being refused defendant made use of the insulting language com plained of, before others in the bar, and subsequently walked out. Defendant went into the witness box and denied having made use of the language complained of. Joseph M. Conway gave evidence to the effect that on the night in question he heard complainant's father having words with the defendant about trying to obtain credit for two drinks. Did not hear any of the language complained of. Charles Sergeant also gave evidence to the effect that he was near the scene on the occasion in qoestion, bat did not hear defendant make use of any bad language. At the conclusion of the evidence the police magis trate said he felt satisfied that the lan guage had been U6ed, and fined defendant 10s. and 7s. costs of court. Lord Hopetoun's Expenditure.—State ments are being made that the new Go vernor-General intends to make the pace. His salary, as everyone ^nows, is £10,008 a year, and as he has to Keep up two eatab ments, one in Sydney and one in Mel bourne, it is expected that the two colonies interested will give him some special in addition. Be this as it may. Lord Hope toun will spend £10,000 of bis own money in entertaining, and endeavour thereby, as the first Commonwealth Governor, to set an example which will remain for all time. One thing is certain (writes a corre spondent), if his Excellency is as lavish as it is reported he will be, hp will compel & corresponding liberality on the part of our rich people, for which we shall be truly and everlastingly gratefol. Jack the Biffer Dead.—Jack the Bip per is dead. He died (says Figaro) in & private lunatic asylum in England un known to the majority of the public, bnfc his identity was fully established some time before his death. He was a medical student of good family and considerable means, and there is no reason to suppose that when his family first pnt him under forcible restraint, they had any idea that he was the anthor of the Whitechapel hor rors. Two prominent journalists, G. B. Sims and T. P. O'Connor, M.P., are among the few who know the facts of the case. The whole matter has been kept very dark as it was felt that no good end wonld be served by re-opening the case. The police authorities, however, were aware of the circumstances aud undoubtedly felt re lieved when ibis human fiend gave up the ghost. An Armidalian in England.—Thef following are extracts taken from a letter from Miss Weaver, to her mother, who is now on a visit to the old country. The letter is dated from Wokingham. "To day we are going to Beading, where I be lieve there are some fine old ruins to be seen, and which will be of great interest to me The country on the way there is not very interesting, as one is continually passing through small towns all built on the same principle. $Tbs next day we went to Beading and saw all the wonderful old rains and the tomb of King Jo^in. The gardens (Firbnry) in which these rains stand are perfection, every bed being brilliant with geraniums. Another place we visited was Hnntly and Palmer's biscuit factory, where we saw the men mixing up the materials, and be fore we left saw the biscuits packed ready for export. On Tnesday we drove to Windsor in a dog- cart, a distance of thirty-six miles, there and back. We went to the top of the Bound Tower, mounting five hundred stairs. When ar- ^ riving at the top, however, we were well' repaid, for the view was more than glori ous. After having a look round we de scended, and got tickets of admission to the state apartments, where all rooms have different fnrnitnre, such as gorgeous legs of chairs solid gold and upholstered in most lovely satin. The throne room is of carved ivory—Indian workmanship— and was exhibited in the great Exhibition of 1851, and was presented to the Queen by the Maharajah of Travancar. We did not get back to Wokingham until ten o'clock. Next day we went to Oxford, and saw the wonderful town and all the col leges. Christ Church was fonnded by Henry YIII., and Wolsely Magdalin Col lege dates back to William the Conqueror. We also saw the pulpits from which tho parson held open air services. The Uni versity College was founded by Alfred the Great. Ton could not possibly imagine what these buildings are like. Now I must tell you about the hotel in which we had dinner. The inn dates back as far as 1016, and is such a funny old place, lean ing backwards with windows opening out. This establishment glories in the name of " The Golden Cross," and certainly it de serves it, for there are hundreds of crosses about it. Now this is the most interest ing part we were shown into, the " Martyr's Boom," supposed to Jbe the room iu which Bishops Bidley, Latimer, and Crammer slept the night before they were burned at the stake, and we also stood on the top of the stairs on which they walked down. To this day there is a cross to mark the place where they suffered. Going through the! town the monument erected to their me. mory was pointed out, and a glorious piece of workmanship it is too I During my visit to Wokingham Mrs. Baker (Miss H.'s aunt} placed her carriage and ponies at my disposal. Larceny.—At^he police court, on Sa turday, before Mr. W. P. Parker, P.M., Emma Wright was charged with the lar ceny of a gold necklace, valued at £A, the property of W. H. Curtis, of Brooklyn Station, on or about the 17th AngoBt. Constable Maroney gave evidence as to the arrest of accused in Armidale on the previous day. Accnsed was wearing the jewellery in question at the time of being arrested, and admitted having taken it out of the bedroom of Mrs. Curtis, two or three days prior to leaving service at Brooklyn Station, some three weeks ago.—W. H. Curtis gave evidence as to accused being in ; service at Brooklyn Station; and as to Mrs. Curtis missing a gold bracelet and a gold necklace. The necklace produced was one of the articles of jewellery missing.— Accused pleaded gnilty to the charge, and elected to be dealt with by the Bench. It being represented to the P.M. by the police ^4hnt the accnsed was in a delicate state of health she was mercifully de^lt with, the sentence being detention until the rising of the court. The police magistrate strongly cautioned accused to be careful of her conduct in the future. Parliamentary.—In the Legislative Council, on Thursday, Mr. Sufctor said he could not go on with business, and the House adjourned.—The Legislative As sembly, on tbe same day, was told that the reason for Mr. Suttor's action would be given on Wednesday. The Coalmines Singulation Act Amendment Bill was read a third time, as was the Gundagai to Tu mut Railway Bill. On re- committal, the Miners' Accident Belief Bill was amended to allow an increase of allowances if the fnnd increased sufficiently to permit.such increase. The Inscribed Stock (Begistra ^ tion) Bill was read a second time, also the Wollongong Waterworks Bill, which was N amended in Committee. Leave was given to introduce an Old Age Pensions' Bill. " Dear Doctor."—Medical men, it ap pears, have no objection to be addressed as " Dear Brown," " Dear Jones," or " Dear Smith," but not by any means as " Dear Doctor." Anyhow, that is the idea Dr. Boss, M.L.A., conveyed in the Legislative Assembly last week. This is how the re port reads: " Dr. Boss complained that he had been insulted by the member for Corowa, who, in an endorsement on an official communication, addressed him as 'Dear Doctor.' (Laughter.) Mr. Fer guson : ' But they say you always were a dear doctor.' (Laughter-) Mr. Waddell said he bad no intention of offending Dr. Boss in what he had endorsed on the letter. Dr. Boss: • Ton won't address me as ' Dear Doetor' again, I'll take care.' (Laugh ter.)" Acts Assented To.—The following Acts of Parliament have been assented to by . his Excellency: Act No. 6. An Act to Limit the Attachment of Wages.—The first section is the enacting section of this Act, and it prohibits the making of an order by any Conrt, Judge, or Magistrate, for the attachment of the wages or salary of any servant or employe whose wage or salary does not exceed £2 per week. And in the case of a wage, or salary over J£2 per week, only the excess may be attached. But the Act will not apply to debts con tracted before the passing of the Act.—Act No. 7 is a local Act amending the Port Kembla Harbour Act by repealing the pro viso of section 1 of that Act. The Diocese of Grafton Armidale. —We learn that the Board of Electors to the Bishopric of Ballarat met last Thurs day evening, and that the election of Bishop Green (originally made in July last, but invalidated through irregularity in procedure) was repeated. The installa tion of the Bishop-elect will take place In Ballarat Cathedral on Dec. 6th. The Bishop will officiate once again in Armi dale, viz., on Sunday, Nov. 25tfa, when he proposes to hold an ordination. Mean while, he will visit Grafton, Tenterfield, ^Glen Innes, Gunnedah, Tamworth, Ma nilla, and posBibly two or three other cen tres in order to say farewell to those pa rishes. The See of Grafton and Armidale will become vacant on' Dec. 5th, and the administration will then be assumed by the Vicar General (Archdeacon Moxam), pending the election of the fresh bishep. For Stylish Scarves and Ties you are invited to inspect the Stock of D. Masou, next Tattersall's. He is now showing all the New Season's Ties, Shirts, and Hats, also a large variety of Umbrellas and Waterproof Coats.—433 The War in South Afbica.—At the request of several of the Armidale resi dents, Captain M. A. Billiard (who is well and popularly known here as the Adjutant of the 4th Infantry Begiment) has decided to give a. lecture at au early date, and has obtained special permission from the Ma jor General commanding for the purpose As is well known, Captain Billiard was in command of the C Squadron of N.S.W. Monnted Bifles, and served with special distinction during the campaign, being in the front in the advance of the British Army from the Modder Biver to beyond Pretoria. We feel sore that his lecture, the date for which will shortly be an nounced in these columns, will be an un qualified success. Those who have heard him, and know hiB power as a raconteur, will look forward with interest to his •vivid descriptions of the battlefield, par ticularly of the doings of our men in •khaki at the front, and the thousand anec dotes of life and death, humour and inci dent. Inverell.—At tbe local office on Thurs day, the following land was applied for: Jas. Bamsay, c.p. 320a. and c.l. 960a., p. Lorne, c. Arrawatta; G. J. Schneider, c.p. 320a. and c.l. 260a., p. Alpine, c. Arra watta.—We understand it is intended to form a company to light the town of In verell and suburbs, and to work the coal mines of tbe district. The necessary per mission (preparatory to the introduction of a private bill in Parliament) will be sought from the local Council at its next meeting. The prominent mining men of the district have the matter is hand.— Aegcs. 