Wesleyan District Synod. Mtjdobb, Tuesday Evening. OPEN SESSION. Discussion' on thh Wobk op God. An open session was held in the Wesleyan School room, Mudgeo, at whioh the question, ' ' What can be done to promote the work ofTGod in the District!' was discussed, A large number of thoBe interested were present and showed their appreciation of the statements put forth. After devotional exercises the Ohairman introduced the subject and called upon tho Rov. Charles Jones, of Orange, to open the discussion. Rev. C. Jones said that hid duty was to open up tho ground that tho air might get in. The church muse seek means of obtaining the power of tho Holy Ghost, not by spasmodic revivnl, but on Biblo lines. The Methodist policy must be a policy of Bible reading. The Biblo must not bo read to find ex cuses for faulty doctrine or conduct but to adopt its line of life. We must preach and seek faithfulness in practice und service. Christians must not listen to the command to ' Remember the Sabbath Day to keep it holy,' and go out driving nil the afternoon, or stay at home from church to entertain worldly friends. If ono faithful man could be found in a placo to keep thu uhurub -rmK joinj in tho »Weu» of the minister, tho church would advance in numbers and usefulness. Tho Bo v. G. C. Percival said that he would con fine his remarks to the subject of ' Anticipating tho Evangelist : or, our children and the Church.' Tho future of MethodlBm would bo safo if we could scouro our children's attachment to tho church. It was noi- a case ul ah a wuii bum uwu w»u, but thnt. u likely to end well whioh begins well. Tho thought of It boing nraesanry that our children should bo ' brought in ' should be qualified by the possibility o£ their being prevented from falling out, Ho was willing to forego tho pleasure of tho joy over tho prodigal's return for the enjoyment of his child ron's service of God from early life. We baptised children into the name of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost because of their actual participation in the blessings pledged by tho Triune God. Wo should never give our children tho Impression that wo looked upon them as children of wrath, but of God. Rov. W. Stewart gloried in tho prospect o£ Methodism in Australia, He felt the need of more faithful and sympathetic prayer and effort, Mr. G. Whalan said that powor was needed for successful work. Ho believed that no faithful work was absolutely unsuccessful. The Ohuroh must wait upon God for Power, nnd its members must wait in individual earnest prayer and expectation. Mr. W. Pasooe wished to say tho Mr, Perolval's re marks needed a Httlo amplifying, Ohildron could not bo divided into the-two classes of prodigals and children of God, for there wero many who occupied tho position of tho yo'»e -ruler, to whom Christ said. ' (Inn thing diou laokest,' There mUBtbo a per sonal hold upon a personal Christ, and we muBt bo ready and glad to talk about personal religion. Rev. F. Curwood. felt inclined to praise God be cause wo had not' to wait for the out- pouring of tho Holy Ghost, for the Comforter had come, and was present with us always. After a few remarks from the Ohairman, tho following resolution was moved by tho Rov. T. B. Holmes, 'That this Synod hnving received tho statistical returns nnd engaged in an earnest con versation on tho spiritual state of our circuits, ex presses its gratitude to the Great Head of tho Church for the manifold tokens o£ His favor, and pledges itsolf to a renewed and deeper consecration to HiB service and to more earnest efforts for the advance ment of tho Redeemer's kingdom, and the extension oE our Ohurch throughout tho western district.' Bov. W, Scott-FIotchor seconded the resolution, romarking upon tho influence which largo centres of population, such as Mudgee, exercised upon the back block circuits through the movements of the residents westward. 