OF INTEREST TO THE 'ESCYCHODPAEDIA BBTPAOTfICA': 'A COMPLETE T.TffiRAHY US" . ITSELF.' The "Encyclopaedia Britannica' (9th. Edition) is already known to everyone, bat ii is of interest, in connection, with the remarkable offer of the lymdon Times,' to mote the proportions of its component pasts. It consists of twenty four massive volumes, of about 850 piges each, and a twenty-fifth volume Containing an elaborate index: to the whole. In addition to the 30,000,000 words whicbi fill its 21,164 pages of 4et tterpiess, it contains 340 full page plates and some 670 maps and plans occupying less than a page each. There ate also 7456 other illustrations. Over 1100 writers contributed to the work, and a sum of more than £60,000 was paid for the manuscript alone; Its exquisite printing, and the care with which it is bound, combine with' the editorial out lay to make it one of ^the most costly works ever offered -to the public. And the price 'fixed fay the publishers was necessarily a high one-in some measure a prohibitive one. But the present offer of The Times' has remedied this one de fect, overcome this one obstacle, and the 'book that answers questions' has now become accessible to every thought ful man who has questions to ask of it. The "Encyclopaedia Britannica' em braces all branches of human know ledge, and was written by specialists of the highest distinction. Not only men of learning-scholars, divines, masters of science and philosophy; but also men of action-statesmen, soldiers and sail ors, financiers, jurists and surgeons, ar tists and engineers, manufacturers, sportsmen and travellers, have contrib uted to .the pages of this most compre hensive library of reference. To the casual inquirer it presents all the advantages which a library of a thousand chosen volumes, yields <to the trained scholar who is thoroughly ac quainted with each of <^e thousand. It may, indeed, be said to" be the essence of ail books, ancient and modern, pre pared for convenient use.' The con tents of the itwenty-four volumes axe placed 1n alphabetical order, and a cop ious index, occupying (the twenty- fifth valume, faeffliiates cioSs reference. In the desire to eecure convenient dispo sition of .the contents, the quality of interest has not, however, been sacrifi ced. ' * The Encyclopaedia BrStannica' is not a mere aid to memory, to be hastily consulted in moments of-emergency; it is not only thegreateetof works of ref tjTfence,"bat ft.is a library inirtsett, a collection.1 of admirable, treatises upon all conceivable subjects." Evea the most recondite branches of reaming are treated without a trace Pt pedantry. The volumes are .eminently readable. The great litterateurs of our day wrote for it, and every one of them was proud to do his best dn such goodly company. The literary quality of <tlue ' Encyclopaedia1 .gives In rank among our classics. The wide knowledge- and keen sense of fit ness thaft guided <the editors .to their happy choice of specialists may be il lustrated by the mention of one exquis ite combination. Swinburne, on Keats, writes not only with the authority of scholarship, but with the even more dis itinctive authority of a peculiar sympa thy in a common craft.. Some, indeed, among contemporary writers may be said $o have done their most faultless work in -the pages of the 'Eacycloi»a» dia.' Canon Farrar's article on the earthly life of Our Saviour is not more than twenty thousand words in length, but its concision brings out to the begfc advantage. tthe remarkable qualities ] that made <the life of Christ? so deser- j vedly esteemed. It is the outcome of a full mastery tuned up to tense ex- ] pression. Taming to the article on! Beranger, a delicate elaboration1 or phrase! betrays tt&e; touch, of Bobert I Louis Stevenson. When. Cable writes | on New Orleans, tlie reader need not be j surprised to find in the article passages : which have been quoted a. hundred J times.For no writer, not even Dickens, seems so, sensitive to impressions cf places as the author of "Dr. Sevier' and 'Old Creole Days.' New Orleans is not only Mr. Cable's home; it is, as it were, his sunt Andrew Dang, again, takes the key which his admirers most appreciate when he writes upon Mythology. No subject, unless it be ghosts (and Mr Tang- brings them before us under the heading of 'Apparitions'),lies closer to Mr. Lang's heart than folk-lore. With his lasting interest in myths and their origin, -and his wide knowledge ranges -from Greece 4» Polynesia, hepufe .before his readers a complete review of the comparative mythologies of civilised and savage peoples, and his critical faculty enables him to present and dis cuss with great effectiv<3iess the sys tems of Prof. Max-Mullar and Mr. Her bert Spencer. The late Robert Louis Stevenson used to say ithat the most difficult of literary tasks was to describe a game of cards so dearly that a party could sit down and play at it by book, and to write upon science and philosophy for the un scientific and unphilosophical reader is a 'task beset by kindred difficulties. A. specialist may so master his subject that it ceases to present to his mind the bristles of its technicality, but it is on ly -the most profound students who can achieve ithis happy result. To Lord . Kelvin, Lord Bayleigh, or Sir William | Crookes, for example, the physicist's point of view must have become second, t nature. To an astronomer like Sir Ro* | bert Ball the paths of the stars and plan <ets seem altogether simple; they - move to and fro as perceptibly as the pen ny steamers that ply on <the Thames. The late Professor Cayiey said that the value of a treatise on pure mathematics depended rather upon the order of its statement than upon its predications; and his article on Functions shows that even the most abstruse discussions may display a beauty of construction that brings their complicated formu lae into distinct lelation to literary style. There are, indeed, in -each field ot study but a few specialists who can telt what they know so that he who runs may read with understanding, and it,is hardly too much to say <thaft these few are almost all to be found ini the laofcs of the 'Encyclopaedia Britannica's' contributors. The "Encyclopaedia"' gave no hospitality to the sort ofharm leas drudges' who* used to compile works of reference when <the world was youn ger. Nor is the 'Encyclopaedia,' in deed, in any sense a compiJartion.' The names given here were selected be cause they are at Ifltoe momleimt very much before the public. . They luring home to the reader's mind the vivid andiinmre diate interest of the work. Men and women distinguished in every field of set tivity were engaged in the task of pre paring this matchless library, awl a complete list of their names is no bad substitute for a roll of honour in con temporary letters tamd science. To student of any special art or science, other names in the full "roster might ap peal with greater force, hat to every general reader even this brief list of acknbwledged et^jebxttiee -u'illeonvey (some sense of the dMfiwftioii which. cbaKucter ises the contents of the volumes. Hie' children and the young folks around the fireside will also find much in the pages of the 'Encyclopaedia Britannic^' to prepare them to take their part in cultivated societjr, and to,- store their minds with tthe ample "knowledge which \ constitutes the richest treasure' of life. 