? ? ? >"ell l' a,1 t ber early horror.« .^huafc;! -» cried 1115 . 3 it> youuiaetn t. "0.' I thi" : Sell. IS&ildren; rJitfouiti" 5 i I S herself on !> a Sunday •.<r had given \- than her H] a weak seemed to .teter under ;-.s horrified, vou?" ered like a Gaulus wife, "you >u mustn't! .•i-haps if it i i he horror ieadly sin." nees beside >iing hands v to soothe ^ hosh!" Ue muriM a coward i" ^fliistralia, my : •^he sobbed, A^eedtodothis Jjjnt that man sec . ii: " I'm not v that. I'm •('11. People :•!. All will ;!i pet work. • :i*d so sure, so king amongst -id AndYhu^ winning six \ lt sounds like ;< "l'tune. Hal giie up in business, \mberite and haven't the mor-y even if you "Xour principle and become a ""ramoier" had a significance in her -isterrible as "murderer/ a the few jewel s-or sell them S «etw, never!" she cried. "Oh, Fred, rinss.mv poor mothers brooch, c •ji How changed you are!" so genuine and so deep that "fceli together and swore he would an of Gaulus and Ambente, and he •of the evening trying to reassure ftcard did not get rid of those hor to the words "Amberite and Dd Aniberite," He heard them „„,. and the desire to risk everydtim as fiercely as if he had been imbler. It seemed to him that it KJ easier to face the terrors of the Jeywere concentrated into one blow, 'drawn out in a lonu' procession of But he loved his wife and 'je, and dared not broach the subject s was drawn al iu ost irresistibly jl He went out, saying that he rkas usual, and he walked the le course. No man there watched atffith keener interest, no man was Jv affected by the result. Am- ' ffnnnedhim. He walked home like , and staggered into the house, \--- man and wife about W Fred disguised his emotion well 'agreat change in his wife ; she had >iy silent and seemed to avoid s days they did not exchange a ] Fred thought that terror of the ienhold of Nellie, and he lrad no ' ther; his mind was full of Gaulus for Cup Day with a feverish ''ias almost insane. . lay he walked to Flemington "gup his stand by the fence near """'i patiently for t he Cup race. r the other events ; for four sot move, and neither food nor 116 lips. ^rted and ended. Fred heard jng the name of Gaulus has won?" he asked, aswered a man standing near. wb hands to his head, and mur- »and Gaulus!" fell heavily to the ground. A few kindly people brought water and spirits, and half an-hour later Fred started on his long journey homeward consumed with a passion of regret and a grim despair. When he entered his home, looking ij]. e a ghost walking m the daylight, he found Nellie standing with her back to the table. She was dressed, and dust-stained as if from a Ion" walk Her face was deathly pale, and there was a wild frightened look in her eyes lie had never *een there before. It startled him out of himself " Nellie," he cried. She tlirust forward a hand to put him back " Wait," she said, and then, after a pause repeated ^slowly : "You know those two horses won—Aniberite and Gaulus ?" " Yes," lie said, terrified by hei manner, " but do not fret, dear; it does not matter. I will <r et work. We need not despair, Nellie, you and I " " Hush," she said; " 1 have been to the racecourse. I—I—" She burst into a fiood of tears " Look,' she cried, taking a paper from her glove. " I did it two days after you told me Something made me do it. I — » jj er voi Cg broke into a hysterical scream, and holding her with one arm he opened the paper and glanced at it. It was a betting ticket for five hundred and two pounds. Nellie had backed the double at two hundred and fifty to one. 