THE AMATEUR CARDEHER. Br SKY LARKK. When I wont to Hvo in,tho Buburbs my main object- was to liavo a garden and to grow sweot, luscious fruit, and ulti mately to oat it-that in, tho fruit, not the garden. The time arrived when my happy expectations wcro about to be roali«ed. In my carefully-tended ami beautiful garden I had a number of fruit trees, and on one of them camo a real genuine apple. All thing* have unall beginning!!- so had that apple. How ovor, it Htrugglod on until it was fully as big as a pigeon's egg, and my expecta tions rose. 1 began to talk learnedly to fruitgrowers, and oven took to studying tho market prices, for it isn't everybody that can grow an applo of his very own. Not that it was a very inexpensive luxury, oh, dear, no! In the first placo I paid away a good slice of my hard-earned savings for tho young trees. Then I paid a man to put them in. He put them in wrong, I was informed, and T paid the informer to put them in right.. Then I paid to havo tho ground properly trenched to givo the trees a fair show. Then for three years I'paid a man to prune and look after the trees, but no apples came. I offered the gardener a bribe of a sovereign if ho could produco any fruit, but ho couldn't. Then I laid out a few pounds in manure, and later on bought a spraying pump ami a quantity of emul sion. The trees themselves made a gallant struggle of it. Sometimes they looked liko giving up tho ghost and retiring from tho business; but, encouraged by tho patent concoctions lavished on them, they managed to linger on. And then at last I had an applo. No one who has not tried his hand at amateur gardening can realise tho joy I derived from that lonely orphan of an applo. My heart wont out to it, and I decided that it should bo brought up regard loss of ex pense and trouble. I paid a man to water the tree three times a day and between ' meals, and to til! the surrounding ground in between times. I told him that if I saw a weed, or tho suspicion of a weed, taking tho nourishment from tho ground within three feet of tho treo I would dis charge him on tho spot and refu.so.him' a character into tho bargain. Jiy and-bye that applo became' famous. My neigh bours hung-ovor their fences smoking and watching it by the hour, and ottered mo advice frooly as to tho boat moans of bringing it to maturity. The whole street took an interest in it, and I became alarmed. Tho thought struck mo that such a prize might lead otherwise honest men to steal, and to keep them in romom branco of tho fact that honesty is the bost policy I bought a savage mastiff and chained him up in close proximity to tho tree, Then I bought a padlock for the gate, and ordered it to bo kept locked. I had somo barbod wiro run along the top of the fences, and set man traps round tho treo every night. And the apple went on growing in its quiet way, evidently determined to reward mo for my perseverance. By-and-bye it blushed a rosy red, and my mouth watered every time I passed it. I thought of taking out an insurance policy for it, but did not, because I realised that no monetary com pensation would satisfy me it it went. Then as it became ripo and nearly fit to pick I was in a dilemma. * AH my neigh bours in the street had begged me to give them a taste of that apple, and my friends in town, to whom I had talked somewhat largely, all begged for it. My wife, however, has no sentiment in matters of such a kind, and actually produced a statement, shewing mo what that applo had actually cost* Dating from tin* purchase of the tree, and including nil tho direct and indirect ex penditure I have mentioned, that apple wan costing mo exactly £67 Is 4d. "If you had any boiiso," said iny wifo, " you'd Imvo l>ought a (lo7."n apples down town with tho fourpence, and saved I ho .rest." But ono cannot arguo with a woman, flow could apples Inuight in a shop taste as sweet as ono you had watched and tended from its infancy J No; that applo was iny very own production, and was worth a shop full of ordinary apples. During tho latter period of that apple's career, I bribed a policeman to walk up and down the street a few times every night to keep suspicious characters away; Then, later on, I thought the policeman was becoming too onamoure<l of the apple, so I paid a man to watch him. And all the while that innocent little apple went on growing. 1 decided to pick it several times, but uaeh time iny heart failed mo. How could I bear to look upon my garden with the apple gono I How deiolate it would look, and how could I eat a thing I had learned to love so fondly. So I let it stay. Then, one day, ti dreadful thing happened. I took my dog out for a swim, and when I was re turning my hoart jumped into my mouth. I had left tho gate open, and a great, brute of a goat Was in. It was too late. Just as I arrived tho beast was licking his lips in oxtasy after having finished tho apple. Hut my dog in return finished the goat., and T en vied tho dog-I should greatly have liked (o kill that goat myself. Then I was sued by three different persons who claimed to own tho goat for destroying it, and to save litigation I paid them all off. Hut my prospects in life were wrecked. Neighbours who had lived for months in joyful anticipation of tasting that applo shunned me as they would a snake. My frionds in town "cut "me dead, and my wifo added sundry amounts her " financial statemont," of the cost of tho deceased applo. Then, in des peration, I seized the axo and out those troes down. It was an applo tree, ac cording to all accounts, that started all tho trouble in this world, and 1 should have known, better than to play with such dangorous things. T have had the ground prepared over again, and shall turn my attention henceforth to the raising of tho domestic potato. The aim is .not, 'perhaps, so noble, but the results may bo loss disastrous. 