THE REBELS Being a Memoir of Anthony, fourth Earl of Cherwell, including; an Account of the Rising at Taunton in 1681, compiled and set forth by his cousin, SIE HILARY MACE, BART., Costes Botulotum for the County of Wilts, Edited, with some Notes, by H. B. MARRIOTT WATSON. [ALS Rioirra RESERVED CHAPTER XVII Continued. WHAT PASSED IN FARES ON THE NIGHT OF THE BATTLE. That dismal sound was now greatly increased, and both mHrvolled what it might be. It came from some distant chamber, or they guessed, but they know not how to reach it through the blackness. They must guide their steps at a hazard, and pitch upon what passages or doors they might. The house of Harry, as I have related before, was very wide and rambling, and, by the lateness of the hour, there was little hope to find any chamber lighted. So that my lord and his servant pursued their way in a maze, feeling upon the walls and exploring with their feet, lest they should stumble or pass headlong into some decent. Says Ravel that they were thus for the space of an hour, visiting those empty chambers, which were full of a horrid silence that spoke in the ears. This struck a panic at last into the man's breast, and he besought his lord to fly. " Whither," says Cherwell, mocking him, " will you fly Have you then the secret of this place ? For my part I shall as easy to go forward as to go back, at which saying Ravel was flung into a sharper terror, and could score contain himself, the more so that he heard still that droning lamentation, falling and rising again like the crying of some tortured ghost. But my lord paid no heed, attempting even to draw near this sound, for he supposed that so he would come to that part of the house which was inhabited. And a little afterwards he heard it closes, an i soon again it rose from hard by, which set Ravel trembling. Next my lord stopped before a door, and thrust it open, giving a command to have to stay and then he entered. Soon he came forth, from whence that direful noise issued, which was now sunk low and plaintive and whispers he " 'Tis a poor soul in travellers one that has a hurt by this fight, maybe a servant of the house I know not for there is nothing visible but blackness, and this groaning rises from the floor. I laid my hands upon that which is there," says he, " and 'tis cold and quiet. Is there no life in this place ? Let us away." With that they went forward again, and at length perceived a shining beneath some door which Cherwell opened, and the light of a lanthorn streamed out upon the corridor. He went in and perceived a great bed with a canopy, and upon the bed in his torn foul raiment lay Sir Mordaunt Pringle. He lay like a hog, surfeited of wine and food, and it was plain he had celebrated the victory with a carousal. Upon a table in that great chamber was a horn of ink and feathers, and my lord Cherwell took a piece of paper and wrote quickly upon it. " will leave a memento more to this carried swine," says he. And sowing a dagger from the walls he stuck it through the paper and drove the weapon to the hilt into the pillow by Sir Mordaunt'a head. Ravel saw the writing, which was this only " Let him that thinketh he standeth take heed lest he fall, and thereto he had put his name. Taking the lanthorn he came out, and after that they went with greater ease, walking in a part of the Castle which was used. Yet there seemed poor chance that my for 1 would achieve what, he desired until unexpectedly he heard a voice, low and soft and broken, from a chamber at the bottom of a passage which led to one of the towers. He set his hand to the door, and it was locked and barred. " Here is whither we are bound, he says to Ravel eagerly. " This is our journey's end," and he flung himself against the oak, which creaked but yielded not. The predicament in which they stood was not easy, for it would have been impossible to discover the keys in that labyrinth. Yet my lord halted not, nor feared. He drew a pistol that was still charged, and with the aid of his lanthorn, blowing in the pan, he thrust it to the lock and fired. The report came back along those corridors with great reverberations like the innumerable, sounds of battle : but the door bent and gave way, and Cherwell thrust it back with his weight, and opened a gap to admit him, breaking into a white still chamber. At the first sight of that room, which was all white, white as to the walls, and very white with clothes and garments, glowing in a white dim light, it seemed that he had come into a place of faery. But 'twas not that rather it was the dwelling place of some white spirit that prayed and uttered. For my ford's open next fell upon his lady, the Countess of Cherwell, where she knelt in her white raiment, whispering her prayers to God for succour. She had started and cried in alarm, but when her eyes fell now with recognition upon him she gave a louder cry and struggling to her foot ran to him, weep- ing, and calling on him weeping again. She was clad only in her night-rail, yet she laid her head upon his breast and clung to him, moaning like a dove without words. But in a little she withdrew her arms, and stepped back, looking on him with alarm and shame, and yet with gladness. " Ye are come to take me, my lord?" she said in her broken voice. " Indeed I knew that you would come. I have been awaiting you. It has been a long winter, my lord, but I have seen the spring to-day from my prison window." Done heart," said he, " ye are delivered of your prison. The walls are broke down. Ye have your passage into freedom. Ye shall do as yo list. There is none shall stay ye, never again." He drew her to him and soothed her. "My lord," she says in a weeping voice, " I have put you in great peril of your life. You go abroad in fears. Yea, they told me of what you have suffered, and on what thread your Safety hung. I am not worthy of this sacrifice." " You are Countess of Cherwell," said he, " and you are worthy of all that the Earl of Cherwell shall give ye. Ye are my wife, and what I proffer that is your due and privilege." "Aye," she said whispering, for she was torn with evident emotions and scarce know what she said, so wrought upon was she ; " aye, I am but a poor maid, but your wife the wife to one that is strong to defeat princes. I'm proud, my lord, to hear that title. You have delivered me from this evil. You are sovereign in the eyes of one poor soul that hath been saved," she cried. " Nay, my lord, you are my God that hath delivered me-What say I P" and she wrung her hands, and kneeled upon the floor in her distress, tossed about with the conflict of hot footings. " Come," says Chotwoll softly, " 'tis time we were on the way and free of this house, lest others try to hold us." "What!" she called, leaping to her feet, her hair falling about her shoulders. " Is there still danger ? Are ye pursued even here ? Will they not suffer you to rest, these wicked men that would rob me of my honour and you of your life ?" " We are scattered over the country side," said he. " The King's troops broke my poor yeomen; but that shall not come between your safety. Como, or they will be upon us." " Yes, will I come," said she in her trepidation flying to the further side of the chamber where her raiment lay. " I will come, my lord." But now there was a cry from Ravel at the door, who had been in great alarm by reason of the report of the pistol and immediately on that my lord, turning, saw Trayle standing in the way, with his hand on his sword and a smile on his face. B " I give you my compliments, my lord," said Traylo, bowing. " 'Tis hard to know where you may be taken. You are like the fiend that goes about earth. And I blame you not that you should come to rest at last in a lady's chamber. But you were warned, my lord, you had your warning." " Now, by God, Harry Taylor," cries my lord, " ye are come here to die, and he took his sword forth. " Nay, but to lead you back to the Tower, where they shall take better care of you this time," says Traylo, still smiling. On that my lady cried out, " The Tower was it there Ah, my dear lord !" and she seized on his hand, carrying it to her bosom. But he put her aside quickly, and called Ravel to pull to the door. 'I warned ye also," said he to Traylo in a quiet voice. " It seems that when I spoke with you last 'twas a service over your dead body that I read, Mr. Trayle. Now is your appointed time. You are entered here to die. There is no hope but that ye shall die in this room." Traylo made a gesture of assent. but looked askance at my lady, who cowered by the bed. "Nay, by the stars of heaven," cried Cher- well, understanding him, " it is bore-hole, you shall fall-in this room and before the feet of her that you have wronged so foully. Guard ye," and he ran upon the other. My lord pressed him like a madman, but with quiet eyes, engaging with the traffic "bred of a great rate and a great vengeance. Frayle was a taller man, and thicker of arm and body, yet he seemed not then to be so strenuous as my lord, who pushed him back and back, and ever hold his point for the heart, slight, dancing; delectable, and starring and swinging like a reed. Trayle fell away before his frenzy, and a look of doubt rose in his face, taking the place of that indifferent smile. He was a man of reckless courage, with little principle In guide a stout heart and in despite of his vices, which were neither few nor small, he had that in him which might not done gate from his blood. He fought thus a hopeless eggs without failing spirit, asking for no money, but keeping his gaze turned towards my lord's front. It was as though one shrugged his shoulders at his death with a little simpering smile that seemed still to be merry. My 1 >rd feinted and shot under his guard, and I Trayle, falling sideways on the white virginal couch, rolled to the floor and lay still, close by where my lady crouched with wide and terrified eyes ; so that in the falling he drew so near that the blood from his wound ran over her naked feet, and dyed her white gown. And thus strangely were my lord's words fulfilled, and be paid for his crime at her very feet. By lord came forward. "Aye," says he, looking on him, "'to meet you should wash away the stain you would have set there," and he dropped his weapon down. Harry Traylo ! Harry Traylen now is judgment done upon you ! So are ye execrated !" and he turned away. " I would ask you, my lady, to be quick," he says in another voice, " for there is a journey before us." In a maze of fear and horror she set about preparing herself, as my lord walked to the door ; but presently she came forth to him, white of face, yet ready and with it a vol carrying the lanthorn before there, picked their way presently forth of the sleeping Castle. (To be continued.) 