Topics of the Hour By "Oracle." LAYING THE FAMILY GHOST. Mr Chamberlin : We shall make these amendments in the interests of the Empire. . . . If any autonomous colony finds the ties to England irksome we shall be ready to grant it complete independence. HE Family Ghost, which, the other ay, threatened to walk to some purpose, as now to walk in another sense. The tatement by Mr Chamberlin that England will grant any dissatisfied autonomous colony its independence when ever it wishes, has taken all the starch ont of the Ghost's winding sheet. If there is nothing to frighten the occupation of the frightener is gone, and the Ghott becomes merely the ghost of a ghost. • • • THE WRITER OF A DISGRACEFUL ARTICLE. Miss Maud Gonne is yonng, unmarried, six feet high, well proportioned, and, as will be seen from her portrait, pretty. For the rest she is a newspaper firebrand. Miss Gonne ought recently to have got into trouble, and spent a season in a place where the fashion in dre«s is as severe as it is serviceable, and where s;:ch an nndisciplined character as hers would have had some of its rough tdges taken off. Her literary style may be judged from the following, recently broadcasted over Ireland :—In truth for Victoria in the decreptitude of her 81 years to have d«cided after an absence of halt a century to revisit the country she bates, and whose inhabitants are the victims of the criminal policy MISS TIONNE. of her reign—the survivors of GO years of organised famine—the political necessity mngt have been terribly strong. For after all she is a woman, and, however viie and selfish and pitiless her soul may be. she must sometimes tremble as death approaches when she thinks of countless Irish mothers who, shelterless under the cloudy fky, watching their starving little ones, have cursed her before they died. Every eviction during 63 years has been carried ont in Victoria's name, and if there is a justice in Heeven the shame of those p»or emigrant girls, whose very innocence renders them an easy prey, and who have been overcome in the very strnggle for existence on a foreign shore, will fall on this woman, whose bonrgeois virtue is so boasted, and in whose name their homes were destroyed. Taking the shamrock in her withered hand she dares to ask Ireland for soldiers to protect the exterminatiors of their race. Queen, return to your own land ; you will find no more Irishmen ready to wear the red shame of yonr livery." The very best proof of the freedom and generosity of Great Britain and its sovereign is that the publication of articles of this character is at all possible. Such articles substituting the local heads for her Majesty, conld not be printed in any foreign country, and it is questionable if they conld appear even under the allprotecting wing of the American eagle. * 0 -- » BLOEMFONTEIN JOURNALISM. TA gentleman descending from his fiying machine in the year 3000 to pass an honr in the Bloemfontein Museum wonld read copies of The Friend, edited by the war correspondents with Lord Roberts' force," with an iuterest akin to wonder. It would strike him. in the first place, as one of the strangest paper* ever issued, and if he did not know the particulars he wonld come to the conclusion that there were two gentlemen in the year 1900 who pretty well ran the earth. These gentlemen are " I, Frederick Sleigh Baron Roberts, of Kandahar, K.P^G.C.B.,G.C.S.r., G.C.I E., V.C., etc.. etc.," and pl«in " G. T. Pretyman, Majsr Gen- eral" Two of its pages are filled by the Frederick 8. Baron Roberts aadG. T. Pretyman atones aid, and the headjas* «re all of the oie character, " Proc atnation !\or *' ProoUuiatie," aocording.to the jUojpuge gl the GKN. PRETYMAN . ext that follows. General Roberts was vidently born to " threaten and comand," as the purport of all his articles is to tell the burghers what will happen to them if they do as they shouldn't, nd to instruct certain officials in regard o certain duties " by order of the Queen." General Pretyman is mnch in the same strain, thongh he breaks into hnmor in one of his longest notices, thus—he publishes two columns of " Be it enacted," and finishes up with " God save the Qneen," and then in a two-line paragraph underneath announces that " the above proclamation has been annexed." " The Friend ' was taken over from its Boer owners on the triumphal entry of the British troops to Bloemfontein, and is edited by all the war correspondents (according to noLice) with Lord Roberts' force. The leading articles in the file to hand are essentially British, showing that without his newspaper the Englishman would be lost indeed. The editor, or editors, deals with the future of Africr, and incidentally touches on immigration, the franchise, municipal reform, public baths and an education act. One could not expect better in an inland town in Australia with its borough council, agricultural association and progress committee. Two interesting columns are the "Answers to correspondents ,T (wherein Tommy Atkins is slated- for having writteu some verses to hi- lady's eyebrow) and "Kopje-book Maxim?,"' a few of the latter being worth quoting. Thus " Forage is victory, lydddite gas." " Spare the solitary horseman, he is bound to be a Britisher." " Raise your hat to the Boer and you'll be shot." " A shell on the rand is worth ten on the veldt." In one of the papers is a niccly written article describing how one night, when " The Friend " was going to press, Rndyard Kipling dropped in with "a little thing of his own," and dropped out again with the boy; for a drink. m • • A FAMOUS EX-COMMUNICANT. Everyone has been interested in Dr St. George Mivart and tiie refusal of the K'lman Catholic Church to bury his remains because of heretical utterances- Therefore his portrait, thongh coming late, will be received with gratifiedtion. The doctor's heirs intend to institute proceedings against the church for its decision not to recognise him, but it is difficult to see how they will succeed. The Roman Catholic, like any other church, is under no legal obligation to burv anyone, and as for the moral one— well the Chnrch has certain fi^ed laws, not to accord with which is to be guilty of heresy, and some of these laws the late Dr Mivart openly flouted. It is difficult, in view of the attitude he took in this regard, to see how his Church could have acted differently, and therefoie his heirs fail on the moral obligation, as it is presumed ihey will fail in any case in a court of law. Pending a decision as to what is to be done in the latter way, the remains of the unfortunate controversialist have l>een deposited in the catacombs of a Church of England chapel. They were placed there without any ceremony whatsoever, though the plate on the coffin was inscribed " Ex nmbris et imaginibas in veritatem," freely translatable as " From darkness and uncertainty into truth." » • • DR. MIVART. THE PENALTY UF WAR PONDING. CORRES- War correspondents carry their life in their hands. Australia, so far, has lost two war correspondents, one being Mr Lambie and the other Mr Spooner. The first was shot in a desperate fight for life, and the second has succumbed to that dread disease, enteric [ever. Mr Spooner represented the Sydney " Town and Country Journal" and "Evening News." and was an excellent style of man in every way. The son of a military officer, he fonnd his way into a' newspaper office, as so many journalists do, by gravitating there un- consciously, and soon made his mark in the pages of well known Sydney papers, He had in a me&snre; what Thackeray had, the dnal gift of writing and drawing,' though it cannot be said that was an artist ot exceptional merit. Where he shone was in faithful descriptive writing, and in this branch be conld always command hie raiders' sympathy mod always be euro MR SPOONER. O' keeping his audience for a future occasion. His letters in the present campaign were distinguished for their lncidity—tliey were sketches betraying the love of detail characteristic of the dranghtBL a •, and they were available to all intellects, the layman's as well as the military expert's. * * • MAFEKING'S DEFENCE. An officer who greatly assisted gallant Colonel Baden- Powell is Capt. Fitzclarence who had charge of the garrison s artillery. Perhaps it would be right to describe him as the Commandant's right hand man, as without him or the certainty of a successor of equal talent Mafeking would never have been able to maintain its integrity against the enemy's cann on. Though not the most important place in the present campaign it is unquestionable that the little northern township has all along monopolised a big j share of public interest. The marvellous j gallantry of the gariison in defence, the j superb heroism and self denial of the j inhabitants, the fine verve and infectious ; light heartedness of the Colonel and his : officers, these things have wun the i admiration of the world, and very prob- j ably uf the Boers themselves. j CUM. HI:/- I \KI M R J • * * TO IMPROVE EXPLOSIVES. The Imperial Government have appointed a committee of scientists with Lord Rayleigh as chairman to devise and consider improvements in explosives. It needs to, judged by the work done in the present war. On the theory of the past there was not a member of the Cronje force who should have escaped death, if not by being struck with a missile then by the fumes of the explosive lyddite. Yet, despite the fact LORD RAYLEIGH. that the army was shut up like rats in a trap for a week, practically the whole of it surrendered, the losses in human life for the number of shells fired being ridiculously insignificant. The committee of scientists may or may not do anvthing valuable. It remains to be ?een oy the actual experience of war following on the adaption of any suggestions. Doubtless tlu-v will be men well learned in the art tiiey profess, as is indicated by the namn of the chairman. Lord Rayleigh, who, in addition to being Professor of Natural Philosophy at the Royal Instimtion is rerhaps the greatest authority on gases that the world has seen. 