THE SINS OF OMISSION. —Margaret E. Songster. It isn’t the tiling you do, dear, It’s the thing you’ve left undone, Which gives you a bit of a heartache At the setting of the sun. The tender word forgotten, . The letter you did not write, The flower you might have sent, dear, Are your haunting,ghosts to-night. • Tihe stone you might have lifted Out of a-hrother’sAyay, The hit of heartsome ceuwset ' You .were burned too miveh to say; ■The k>ving:toucb of the hand, dear. : . The gentle aud'winsome tone,,. * r That you had no time nor thought'for,- With troubles-enough' of your own. The little acts of kindness,' So easily out of mind; •- These chances to he angels . -. ■ Which every mortal- finds—. They come in night and silent",. Each chill reproachful iwraitk, When hope is faint and flagging, And a blight has dropped on faith. For life is all too short, dear, And sorrow is all too great, To suffer our slow compassion, . That tarries until too late. And it’s not the-thing you do, dear, ■ It’s the thing you leave undone, Which gives you the bit of heartache At the setting of the sun. We forget the solemn fact, that charac ter is a. growth and' always growing. It is not made and then- put on, but is the result of that mysterious law we call growthi So silent and invisible is it as always.& surprise us in its results. Every day there is ; added here a little and-there a little, according to . the appropriation of opportunities and privileges offered. Cha racters must gfdw good of bad until they become snore than- a coat -of mail. “Be good, sweet maid, and let who will be. clever; Bo noble thinga—not 7 dream them all daylong; ’ So making life, death,, and the vast for ever ... One grand l sweet song. ; . . Most of the trying cireumstnces ini' life grow bright when there -is love at home. . Dare -to be, right, : dare to be true, . Other men’s valor can- never save you. ; Stan-4 by your conscience, your honor, your faith, Stand like a hero and battle till death." “Bobbie,” asked the visitor,' “have you any brothers and sisters?’’, “No," replied wee Bobbie, solemnly, "I’m all the chil dren we’ve got." . \i i.' , i- ' ' Every day should be by at, least -one -kind action. One each day amounts to 365 in -a.'year. •- ‘.: 