OF INTEREST TO EVERYBODY. "The Encyclopaedia Britannica": "A Complete Library in Itself." The "Encyclopedia Brit;nnica" (0th Edi tion) is already known to everyone, but it is of interest, in connection with the remarkale offer of the London "Times," to note the propor tions of its component parts. It consists of twenty-four massive volumes, of about 850 pages each, and a twenty-fifth volume con taining an elaborate index to the whole. In addition to the 30,000,000 words which fill ito 21,104 pages of letterpress, it contains 340 full page plates aud some 670 mapsand plans occupy ing less than a page each. There are also 7000 other illustrations. Over 1100 writere contri buted to the work, and a sum of more than £63,000 was paid for the manuscript alone. Its exquisite printing, and the care with which it is bound, combine with the editorial outlay to make it one of the most costly works ever offered to the public. And the price fixed by the publishers was necessarily a high one-in some measure a prohibitive one. But the present offer of "The Times" has remedied this one defect, overcome this one obstacle, and the "book that answers questions" has now become accessible to every thoughtful man who has questions to ask of it. The "'Encyclopetdia Britannica" embraces all branchee of human hnowledge, and was written by specialists of the highest distinction. Not only men of learning-scholars, divines, masters of science and philosophy; buh also men of action-statesmen, soldiers and sailors, financiers, juristo and surgeonos, artists and engineers, manufacturers, sportsmen, and travellers-have contributed to the pages on this most comprehensive library of reference. To the casual enquirer it presents all the advantages which a library of a thousand chosen volumes yields to the trained scholar who is thoroughly acquainted with each of the thousand. It may, indeed, be said to be "' the hssence of all bo kse, ancient and modern, prepared for convenient nes." The contents of the twenty-four volumes are placed in alphabetical order, and a copious index, occu pying the twenty-fifth volume, facilitates cross refenence. In the desire to secure convenient disposition of the contento, the quality of interest has not, however, been sacrificed. The " Encyclopcdia Britannica" is not a mere aid to memory, to be hastily consulted in moments of emergency; it is not only the greatest of works of reference, but it is a library in itself, a collection of admirable treateoes upon all conceivable subjects. Even the most recondite branches of learning are treated without a case of pedantry. The volumes are eminently readable. The great litterateurs of our day wrote for it, and every one of them weas proud to do his best in such goodly company. The literary quality of the " Encyclopedia" gives it rank among our classics. The wide knowledge and keen-sense of fitness that guided the editors to their happy choice of specoalisrs may be illustrated by the mention of one exquisite comnbination. Swin burne, on Keats. writes not only with the authority of schfarship, but with the even more distinctive authority of a peculiar sym pathy in a common craft. Sonme, indeed, among contemporary writers may be said to have done their most faultless work in the pages of the " Enocyclopedia." Caoon Fatrrar'e article on the earthly life of Our Saviour is not more than 20,000 words in length, but its concision brings out to the best advantage the remarkable qualities that made the "Life of Christ" so deservredly esteemed. It is the outctme of a full mastery tuned p to tens expression. Turning to the articleon Branger, a delicate ,laboration of phrase betrays the touch of Robert Louis ltevenson. When Cable writes on New O leans, the reader need not be surprised to find in the article passages which have been quoted a hundred times. For no writer, not even Dickens, seems so sensitivse to impressiosa of places as the ator of "lDr. .ievier" and "Old Creole Days."lC(ew Orleans is not only Mr. Cable's home; it is, as it were5 his art. Andrew Lang, again, takes the key which his admirers most appreciate when he writes upon Mythology. lo subject, unless it be ghosts (and Mr. Lang brings them before ns under the heading "Apparitions"), lies closer to Mr. Lang's heart than folklore. WVith his lasting interest in myths and their origin, and his wide knowledge ranges from Greece to Poly nesia, he puts before his readers a complete review of the comparative' mythologies of civilised and savage peoples, and his oritieal faculty enables him to present and discuss with great effectivenuess the systems of Prof. Max Muller and Mr. Herbert tpencer. The late Robert Louis Btevenson nused to say that the most difficult of literary tasks was to describe a game of cards so clearly that a party could sit down and play at it by book, and to write upon soience and philosophy for the unscientific and unphilosophical reader is a task beset by kindred difficulties. A specialist may so master his subject that it ceases to present to his mind the bristles of its techni aeslity, but it is only the most profound etu dents who can achieve this happy result. To Lord Kel'in, Lord Rayleigh, or Sir William Cruookes, for example, the physicists point of view must have become second nature. To man astronomer like Sir Robert Ball the paths of the stars and planets seem altogether simple; they move to and fro as perceptibly as the penny steamers that ply on the Thames. The late Professor Cayley said that the value of a treatise on pure mathematics depended rather upon the order of its statement than upon its predications; and his article on "Functions" shows that even the most abstruse discussions may display a beauty of construction that brings their complicated formule into distidnct relation to literary style. There are, indeed, in each field of study but a few specialists who can tell what they know so that he who runs may read with nnder standing, and it is hardly too much to say that these few are almost all to be found in the ranks of the "Encycloptedia Britannica'a" contributors. The "Encyclopuedia" gave no hospitality to the sort of ' harmiess drudges" who used to compile works of reference when the world was younger. Nor is the ' Ency lonpaedia,' indeed, in any sense a compilation. The names given here were selected because they are at the moment very mueh before the public. They bring home to the reader's mind the vivid and immediate interest of the work. Men and women distinguished in every field of activity were engaged in the task of prepar ing this matchless library, and a complete lies of their names is no bad substitute for a roll of honour hi contemporary letters and sciena. To the student of any special art or science, other names in the full roster might appeal with greater force, but to every general reade even this brief list of acknowledged celebrities will convey some sense of the distinction which' characterisca the contents of the volumes. The children and the young folks around the fireside will also find much in the pages of the " Encyelopdia Britoannica" to prepaore them to take their part in cultivated society, or to store their minds with the ample knowledge which constitutes the richest treasure of life. SIZE OF THE VOLlUMES AND STYLES OF BINDING. The volumes of the "Encyclopedia Britannica" are 1 lin, in height, 9sin. in depth, and 2in. in thickness. The Full Morocco and Half-Mdracco bindings are of genuine morocos goat-skiens, sumach-tanned. This leather, clear in colour, elastic and soft, yet firm and fine in grain and texture, "resists any other leather." (Ency. Brit., vol. xiv., p. 538.) The colonr of the Half-Morocco is a deep maroon, relieved by the gold stamping on the back. The Full Morocco binding is of high-clase leather, dark green in colour, with rolled gold edges, and the Royal Arms stamped in gold on the side. The publishers of the "Encyclopedia Britannica" formerly sold the work at £37 a set, in. cloth binding. The persons who wanted the book more than they wanted £'17 bought it at that price. But a great number who wanted it could not afford to give that much for it, and did without it. Through the offices of "THE TIMFS" they now have the opportunity of buying "The limes" Reprint for 17 guineas in monthly instalmentse; and "The Times"l Reprint is in every respect the same as the copies already sold at the higher price ; it is what booksellers call a new impression, note changed edition. There has been no condensation, no abridgement, no omission. Every word, every illustration, every map, every element of value is preserved intact, the paper is as good, the presswork is as good; there is not the most minute cheapening of the product to offset against the remarkable diminution.of the price. SPECIIEN PAGES FREE BY POST. For the convenience of those who desire fuller information in regard to the ENCYCLO( PiDIA BRITANNICA, a pamphlet has been prepared containing specimen pages and brief extracts from the work. The pamphlet will be sent to any address post free upon application to "The Times" (London) Queeoslasid office as under. Temporary Prices for the 25 Volumes. CLOTH or, if Cash in Pullaccompanies the order, nO-Sufficient provision has been BINDING £17. (Publlshers' Price for this Style of made for the filling of orders [ ! BINIGr1 otl amnso n onindiong, £37.) eh. promptly posted, but applicants HALF 22 Monthly Payments of One Guinea each, who hesitate may ind that the I MOROCCO or, if Cash in Full acoompanies the order, number of sets reserved for (Which we £22. (Publishers' Price for this Style of Queensland has been exhausted, [ recommend). Biodiag, £45.) snd that the offer has been with- e n 59 othly Payments of One Guinea each, drawn without further notice. FULL or, if Cash in Full accompanies the order, I MORO)CCO ? £29. (Publishers' Price for this Style oc Binding, £65.) The Sets will be Delivered to Subscribers Carefully Sealed in Tin-lined Cases. The firat 500 BSbscribers in Queensland will receive their Sets Delivered Free of Cost as far m Brisbnes, where stock is carried. ORDER-FORM (0 ASH PAYM~ENT).-Subscribers who elect to send Chenque in ftlD with the order have the advantage of an additional saving of one shilling in the guinea, as shown above, and no order-form is required. Cheques should be drawn to the order of the Bank of New South Wales, Brisbane, and sent to "TuE TIYES" (Loadon), Australian MatnSt Provident Society Buildings, Brisbane, Q. ORDER-FORM iDMONTHLY PAYMENT). (Date)..................... ............... To TaE MhAnoso "THE TIMs" (LONDON), QUEENSLAND OGICE, AusratALIA MUTUAL PaoVIDENT SOOE- BIecLDIOeS, BBRISMBNE, Q. I enclose One Guinea. Please send me "Tar TIoEso" REPtRI-s OF TOE " ENCYCLOPrED. Btraetmoca" (9th Ed.); () CLOTH, foCr which I agree t make to you, orto any ( one you may appoint, 16 additional monthly payments (Strikeout two of the of oneguin.e..each. o paragraphs marked (n) HALF MOROCCO, for which I agree to make to you, A, 0, and a re ]Bounld? ortto asyone you may appoint, 21 additional monthly spectively, leaviag In paymente of ose guoies each. jthe es which (c) FULL MOROCCO, for which I agree to make to you, the style of binding or to anyone you may appoint, 28 additional monthly desired.) payments of one gpinea each. My next payment upon delivery of the complete volumes, and my succoeding payments on the corresponding day of each month following. Until such payments are osmplete I encage that the volumes remain your property, and shall not be disposed of by sale or otherwise. Ti further agree that if, owing to unforeseen circumstances, of which you shall be the judge, the volnmee cannot be delivered, the return of this deposit of one guinea to me shall cancel the agreement. lease also send a Revolving Sool?-Case, jo' whcicb I agree to mnake three Strike out if Boolke furthler monthly opayentd of roe guineacaeh, after the apoymeo~or tlhe Case is not Bookts is complete. desired. Signed....· ··- ....t - .·-· Signedd......................o......--------- .....------. --. Address ..........-......... ........... - (Ipswich "Times," B.X. 56.] i If books are to be delivered elselwhere than in Brisbane, the purchaser shall add here the name of the carrier in Birisbanec to whom delivery is to be made. S79 .~..~. .....·...... ............ .... .... .... .... ........ ............. .... .... .... .... .... ........ ....o?.? 