THE FILIBUSTERS. BV CAT. CUTCEIFFE HYNE. V Author of "The .Advoutures of Captain Koltlo/' etc., Otc. ' CHAPTER IX.— (Continued.) . Even with the-total submission of the troops— for the three regiments in garrison followed the .example of the, artillery-our day's "work was a' heavy one. The -soldiers marched into the great niiTs ivhni'rt fknp Mnvini hnHories were drawn UD. piled their arms, and marched off io the two large warehouses where they were billeted under guard. The arms were carried up in mule-wag gons to Carew's post, as were also the breech-, blocks of the groat guns in the other forts; and in fact the means of offence taken away from the city as thoroughly as possible, aud yet with out doing any unnecessary damage. The Gene ral's policy was to carry matters with the firm est possible hand, but yet at the satuo time to leave everything five for conciliation. 'Then began the political movement. In the ordinary eourso of events a great ball was to have taken place in the city two evenings after our landing, in aid of a charity. In the scare which followed it was very natural that this shouid bo forgotten by some entirely, and dropped by others through the prers of greater excite ments. Hut it did not suit the General's book that tills ball should fall through. He got the lis of acceptances, and sent out invitations to all the considerable people of the city who had not already got tickets, with the significant rider that a non-appearance would be construed into a per sonal slight. Now dancing is not in my way, and accurately speaking I should not say it was in the General's; but he was a man who was cjuite ready to turn his hand to anything at all in reason which would serve his ends, and I — well, I was his secretary. So to tire great electric-lighted opera house we both weht in accurato evening dress, the General wearing the order of the C.em-Orehid of Saen- romiuea, with iu crimson ribbon at hi throat. The whole affair was frankly political. Twenty of our chaps— splendid looking soldiers they were, too— formed a guard of honor up the two sides of the grand staircase. The General stood at the top before a small knot of notables, and as each group came up, a steward toM me their names, and T presented tlu«m formally. I was anxious to hand that duty on to and the General was quite willing; but Davis (after vast consideration and a careful study of the subject in some abom inable work on etiquette) stammered out some yarn to the c-ffect that he was not sulliciently cer tain of himself, and dreaded that he might com mit somo "faux pas." For a man whose one am bition of life was to advance himself socially, Davis was singularly nervous and diffident. The general, of course, here was railed by the Spanish form of his name, Don Esteban Puontos, and mixing with the people, 1 was astonished to Hiul what a strong reputation lie had made for himself during his previous life in the country. One tierce partisan of his (a lady, by the way) said , to me, "Scnor, ho was the man cf,tho moment when lio left us; now that he comes hack we look to him as a second Bolivar." "That is very well," I said; "but, what is more to the point, will tbo country assist to libe rate Itself?" "Certainly It will," sho answered. "The troyps ycu conquered yesterday will be ready enough to help on your side to-morrow. Fighting is their trade, but fighting against such Paladins ns your young gentlemen have proved themselves to be is an occupation too dangerous tp be steadily pro- Hfrable, Offer them arms, and they will be en thusiastic in your support." "That doesn't round very moral," I paid. "Mais que voule-voirs?" (are they not soldiers that wo speak about?), sho Topliod. "Say, rather," suggested a little woman in pince-nez who joined us, "that they have fought for a bad government becau-so It was the govern ment, and there was uo otkei in yiewv I can't havo von being rude to our norvlco, Mr. Birch. Thero are some awfully nlco boys in it. Ity the way, aro you any relation to tlio Birches of «»s" nnskca in County "NVaterford? I'd a great friend thero once— Willio Birch, that broke his neck driving homo from a Cork raco meeting." "I'm afraid I'm not Irkh. Do you Know that island well?" "Born there, Mr. Birch, and lived there most of my time till 1 married Don Juan Carjnoy. You have a Mr. Coffin with you, I'm told. Is he one of ihe Clahvay Coffins, or is ho connected with tho Devonshire, lot?" "He's Irish certainly, and I fancy ho ccmcs from the West." "I knew a Hugh Coffin once — Weo Hugh, they called him — who playnl number one in their coun ty polo team, and was always getting cursed for crossing. Thero was always terrible language flying about the ground when Weo Hugh sat down to ride. He went abroad to England and other places afterwards, I wotidor if ho'i tho same." "I Bhoudn't wort-dor," T said. "Our man's Hugh, I know, and ho rides elsht stone easily. He's on duty to-night, but Til introduce him to morrow If I may. and lot 1 1m answer for himself. And now would you exenso me for just eighteen seconds? I'm the gcn/sraPs secretary, anff-T must see what this despatches about." A cablegram had been handed to mo from the great firm in Europe wba. woro financing tho revolution. This is how it run, translated, of course, foni the private codo' "in which it was' written: — (Copy.) "From Ilolstein'a, London, "To C.O. Revolutionary Forces, Los Angeles, Sacaronduca. "Received your cable announcing capture of town. Offer congratulations. Vi'e learn on un deniable authority that a firm whoee interests aro opposed to ours has made a determined bid to overset your enterprise. Who their agent is wo cannot discover, but we have learnt that ho la a needy, desperate man, and formerly In tho Bri tish Service. Ho Is to bo paid by result's, if by any device ho succeeds iu crushing you, our oppo nents have guaranteed him a payment of half a tnHUon sterling, drawable on a London bank. This seems to hint that some tremendous weapon will be used aginst you and though we know ne ttling of Its nature, wo thought best to put you on your guaTd." I had been obliged to .go t> my quarters for the code book, and tho translation was tedious, so that ail hour had passed before I got back to the opera-house again to give the General the now?. Tbo scene there had entirely changed. I had loft a brilliant, glittering assembly, rather 111 at »t> ease, and nustllng with an uneavy ounoMty. Tho band, 'the warmth (and perhaps the champagne) had livened il ujx Tho excitement was t.horo before, latent, and subcutaneous; those things had set it loose; and from excitement had grown enthusiasm. The place was all aglow with it. Women with their checks flushed, men with their eyes bright Avith- tingling moisture, stood on the" floor of tho houso listening to a woman who spoke to thorn from a first tier box. : I did not hear what sho said to stir Chom up Hko .this; I only saw .her as sho finished— a lithe, beautiful croatnre with diamonds in her black hair, and lovely bare rounded arms, which, gesticulated as she spoke— and heard tho last words. "Long live President Puenlos!" sho cried, ana the answering "vivas" made tho great theatre tremble like thunderclaps. Nevor did any man havo such an ovation. Never, I think, did any mail havo such a champion. , I turned and saw Donna Carmoy at my elbow. She was palo as a. ghost and trembling violently. "Dellcia here!" I heard hor mutter. "DeUcla here, and playing that part! What can It all mean?" CHAPTER X.— A CHAIR AMONGST THB great ones. "I'll tell you -what to do with all Ibis- stock of prisoners." said Carew. ''Koep half here in gaol nt I. us Angeles, send the rest to flgbt at the front, and shoot your hostages out of hand If the others dou't do as they're told. Give .'em clearly , to understand this, and you'll have fifteen hundred vcrv possible secoQd-rate troops. That seems a plain/ sensible way to deal with the matter." "Rather bloodthirsty, Sir William," Eald Davis. . "Oh, I'm no man," Oav retorted, "for milk and water schemes. I'm about sick of this In-, fern a I country already. I want to make my pile out of it and be off home, and so far the only things I've collected have been two items I didn't want— to wit, .wounds." . "Of which only one would- rank for a pension if such things were throwing about," sold Flu- elJen. Tit ask you Co explain?" said Carew, sourly. "Why, didn't you get: one snipe-shooting on your own account, or at any rate not Sacaron- duevtn-shooting on Briggs' ?" "W you put it that way," said Carew, "I sup pose 1 did. But you mustn't speak of the gentle man as Briggs now. He's rather ndopted the Grand Llama stylo of behavior, and Don ISateban r, coins the most familiar name he can comfortably do with. I should cull tbo move a little unwise. He's counting too much on his Presidency before It is quite hutched." "Hg has to keep up the.dignity of his position," said Davis. "Oh. dignity he sugared," Carew returned. "Aren't wo a gang of filibusters, which is tho polite modern way of saying a crew of pirates? And wouldn't old Maxillo hang Briggs if be could only lay hold of him, with just as little pomp and ceremony as he'd hang any of the rest of us? It's nu use our playing at being kings and queens; that's a kid's game. But .wbat we did have a fine chance of was an excellent lot of loot, and that we aren't going tho right way to collect. No, nowhere near. I don't see the prospect of fingering so much as a miserable gold candle stick, let alono getting a concession for a mine which one could sell to fools at home, or anything big in that line, it strikes mo I've been made a common gull of. comiug out here; yes, in moro ways than ope." . " . "Why don't 'you hedge?" Coffin asked with a laugh. "Why don't you write to Maxillo and say that for a cool tou thousaml down you'll put your hands in your pockets and go off peaceably uomcr "Because the old heast hasn't got the money or else I'd do it, although, by-Jove, ten thou's little' enough to got one's skin slit up like rarae Is." "Billy," said Coffin, "don't be cantankerous. "We're going to march on Dolores next week, and then you'll havo >ork enough to keep you from grumbling. It's high feeding and nothing to do that's. at the bottom of your complaint. That, and sighing after Dellcia. . You're wasting time and. good looks there, my boy. She's the Gene ral's money. It's a sure thing." . "My dear .wee Hugh, nothing Is certain in this life, especially women. If I 'cultivate -'Dellcia, 'pour, pusser le temps,'. I'm at anj; rate no more conspicuous -than: the rest of you. I admire the lady;. who doesn't? But I'm not after marrying her. If T were. T should nip her up whilst other people wore waiting .(and under their noses If it suited tno to do so) and put her 'down a 'padre.' and -'marry her whether she liked it or whether she didn't." ' "T don't fancy," said Coffin, (lrily, "you'd make a model husband, BHIy. There's rather too much of' the savage about you at times for domestic consumption." "Had .'-'wo not' hotter close the rubjoct, Str William?" saffl Davis. "Do you know, I think It Is hardly gentlemanly to discuss with so much freedom — er — " Carew laughed. A lady, you are sweet on your self, eh? You are a good old muddler, Dnvts." "Oh, she never looks nt me," paid Davis. "Own 'fault, man: make her. Tut less fashion- plate into your talk, and more dash. If she won't liwen to you when you're olvM. l>o rude; and If she Avon't listen, then be positively rude. You don't know how to tackle women." 'Ladies," said Davis. "No, I don't." "There you are. nn«l you let 'em see it, which is fatal. They care nothing for fledglings. But If you let out you've committed three murders al ready and a highway robbery, ami are quite ready to continue the series, then they will he prepared to adore you. It's stupid of them; but that's tho vny the doir tilings are built." "Sir William;" said Davis uncomfortably, "wo will not continue this talk, if you please. I havo taught myself to regard ladles chivalrously, and I do nor think T am likely to change." "Bravo," said Coffin, "you are the only de cently moral man amongst us. Billy, you old ruffian, there go ca the 'assembly.' You've got live j hundred of our ex-prisoners to lick Into shape, and you've got your work cut out if you'ro going to make a regiment of them. So have I. only worse, because there's a devBsh few of my poor old corps left to make officers and non-com. 's out of. So long, boys. Do your work. See you at mess." Off they wont, and Davis loft atHlfe same tlmo to hammer at his transport and commissariat business. T found myself alone with Fluollon, and what I had been dreading for some days took place at last. "Look here, niroh," he said, V'who !s this man, Don Juan Carmoy. they are talking about?" "Oh." I 'fa id Indifferently, "he's a person who considers himeelf big in these parts, and who. certainly has money and Influence, and who has been kind enough to declare for us. A regular Spanish-looking body, but huuiness- llke, aud a good Ish acquisition, ar men go round here. He Is to havo some tort of a b filet in tho ucw Gov- , eminent." 1 "Seen his wffe?" ; "If lift's married. I dam say I have. One meets such scores of people. Why. have you seen her? I thought you'd been lying here ou your back all the time." Ho turned over on the sofa, and faced the wall. "I'm not altogether a fool, Birch, or a child; though I've no doubt you've heard all about my , particular bother, and imaglno me both. Now just toll nio fairly and squarely how things aro going on in that direction hero, and what they say about me in connection with them." "You ask me," I said, "a great deal more than I ran tell you. I did hear somo tlmo since that you were engaged to Donna Carmoy onco. and (remembering tlnifO when I met her hero and your name was mentioned, 1 did not goo that sho show ed an interest which was not altogothcr calm and placid. Sho's rather an excitable little woman, -I should say." 'And Carmoy?" "Is wrapped up In furthering tho interests of Don Juan CaVmoy. So far, ho hasn't qbowa tho least outward uneasiness about your existence though by way of experiment I lot drop cisiullv the fact thai you had known h!a wife protioiio!. "And what did ho say to that?" " 'Ah, I'm sorry he's hurt,' said he. 'Hope hu gets bolter. I should liko to ask tills honor Fluollon to dinner.' " Fluellen laughed bitterly. After a pause, ho asked, "And she, Julia, does sho caro for this fellow?" "My dear chap," I answered, "you cxpeur. mo to know too much. It is not a question .nua i should like to put to tho lady, and so far she km not given herself a way. The few times ivo sofu them together they behaved a ordinary tocusy people; neither gush nor squabble; and, lu faci, show up like a reasonable married couphv "Any children?" «No — at any rato nono living now. I asacd thot." "All," raid Fluellen, "I think I'm glad of t:;nf. Well, Birch, thanks for what you've told me. want to be off to your work? Then I won t pesu r you any longer now, and in a week or su I sh.ul be about again to see matters for myself. But ia the meanwhile you might be a kind chap aud kc-tp your eves open, and tell uie what's going .Horn,. "liook hero," I said; "I toll you flatly I'm. going to assist in raising uo earthquakes between Don Juau Carmoy and yourself. The Causo to mun prosperously ahead, and I do not want ia see it brought up with a round turn. Y oti and no aro both of you men far too capable to be waiting your time in cutting one another's throats. "Our throats are our own, I suppose. "Yours isn't, anyway," I said, with-my hand ou the door. "You've signed yourself away body r I brains to help the General in this revolution, . until lie gives von your formal discharge, y,..i know what you're liable to if you fail him." "That's right," said Flucilen; "try and scara me with the idea of being stark up against a wall ami shot. Oh, you well-intentioned old ov.J. There, away with you, and got on with your wo:K, and leave mo to pick tin strength." "IIopo Fluellen is pulling up again," raid tho General nu he rodo past me when 1 got f-utsldo tho door, andI said, "Oh, yes, nicely," but I can't say thrvt I felt cnfchuMamic over his quick recov ery. It rather struck mo that as soon as lie emerged from tho fthelf thero would be other oompiicalions to deal with which ve could very well do without. Hohstoln's lengthy cable gram was giving tta quite all tho exim auxiety we had any use for already." As it turned out, however, though these vaguo dangers dangled over our heads, neither el them fell; other worries vanished which wo had quite reckoned on having to deal with; and, ia fact, matters prospered with us boyoud belief. Tho country had been without Us revolution for months, and we had come at the psychological moment. Our leader \ms popular, and his method had the delicious charm of novelty. They had ex perienced most kinds of fighting in Sacarouduca; never before tho inroad of British filibusters, and certainly never fighting to eel up a governrovpt cf such a kind as Briggs proposed. They were a people quick to take up new ideas; to finh out with one wild enthusiasm to-day, and another on eutiroly fresh lines to-morrow; a race of human beings with souls hung ou spiral springs. They wore starving for excite ment when we came; had been for seven solid months; and when the meal was set down before them, they ate of It with greedy spluttering. Three- quarters ofrLos Aiigcles wanted, so they said, to fight or intrigue for their new hero, Don Est.ebau Puentos; and as a preliminary they de sired the blood of everybody who did not, agree with them utterly; and (what wo could not avoid) got somo flow of. It. A littlo murder was necessary to warm them up to the pan. \Vhcu It came to actual volunteering for service m tho new army, there they did not show up so well. True, wo had abundance of offers from aged men and cripples, and others who obviously could not pass the most lenient pbysiquo exami nation; but -the able-bodied (when it came to the point) felt themselves wanted by tho calH of their business In Los Angeles, or were the last male survivors of an old and important line, or reluctantly stayed behind at the plea of a fiancee; or a mother, or an only sister. Several indeed wished to Join us as war correspondents, and some enthusiasts did get up a red cross so ciety with a very correct uniform; but when all was said and done a bare hundred only of these eager civilians came forward to shoulder a riile; and if it bad not been for our former military opponents joining us, -wo should have been in queer street so far as number went. These gentlemen, however, made small bones about changing their allegiance. A very short spell In » prison porsuaded them that it was quite unsatisfactory' to rust thero any longer; and on the fourth day of their incarceration a memorial, couched in the most handsome of terms, was for warded to their "Illustrious. Conqueror." Thry avowed themselves as eager to servo the rising sun, nml wrote out a wish that he might shino a thousand years. In fact, plain people might have called them the most pernicious of renegades, and (probably from such fooling as this) tbeir offer was not accepted in all its completeness. We did not re- enlist them "en bloc." AYe picked out small squads "at a time and joined them io our "corps d'clltc," and then, os we got confi dence In these,- added. others,- and so on. More over, many we retained in .an -unarmed condition to make tho pcrsounel'of the1 transport and com missariat services. . This last was a very important item In our forthcoming expedition against the capital. Thero had been countless railways projected from Dolores to the Mexican GilTf Coast; for three of them the money had actually been raised: but the snms so gathered were "bonnes bouches" which uo self-respecllng Sacarouducan could re sist having a snatch at, aud in tlio general scramble a moro derision of a capital had re mained over. One of these lines had two thou sand and fear yards of track laid under a dense growth of secondary forest; another possessed three second-hand locomotives and a scrap heap of venerable flange rails; whilst the third had oxhaustcd itself In setting up a commodious ter minus' building, and as a forlorn hope of divi dends had rented this to a Wesleyan mission. . All communication, therefore, between I.os Angeles anil tho capital (excepting over a con stantly broken telegraph wire) was by road, and a very bad road at that. It had never been treated to tho ' principles' of MaoAdam at any point; tlm utmost it could boast of being a lamam or u «» corduroy at tho more than usually impassable spots; aud the rivers which gapped it were neve? thought worth re-bridglng between revolutions. This road was S3 miles in length, nod native gentlemen of onorgy were proud when they tra versed it on mule back within the week. Now an army, marching on foot and being en cumbered with its military stores, artillery, cainp followers, and other Impedimenta, cpnnot he ex pected to move at the pace of mounted men travel ling light. So General Briggs .announced pub licly that ho should allow ten days to make tua march, And would start on the twenty-first of November. lie gave facilities for spies to carry these tidings to President Maxillo til Dolores, and then proceeded to do the unexpected. lie rarauctj troops and transports at dawn on the ICth. aoo Eot off on tho quickest of forced marches, uikiqg caro that no one got in front of him to carry ou tho amended news. Dellcia, with Donna Cur- tnov, accompanied the army on horseback. He covered tho distance In five days, and marc> cd Into Dolores au hour before dawn on theTJuu. President Maxillo was making the safe::i "J pn> partitions to crush us; but imfortuuately Ms d's" positions were not to come into force till the of Novomher; and so. instead of a pitched butua on the plain before tho city, conducted oti scien tific lines, we had a morning's sharp rough and tumble figh-Ung in the streets, and we rushed tne presidential palace so unexpectedly that .MaxiliU bad Kirely time to escape by a side door wlteu Carew and a handful of his men capered m at tu« fronL 1 fancy it was Briggs design that his rin should havo mot with a fatal accident. 1,1 taking of the place, so as to avoid further eotu plications with him; and if this was impracucimt, ho wished to toko the man prisoner, and hold iiiiu closely; but tho old ruffian was too slippery lay hands upon, and too wily to stand iu tJio of a bullet. He got on a horse and gulopea away. -through the devious old streets of tho capi tal, with lite gUiU'd fo? 'owing, and his hoiweuow uot far behind. _ , He was making for his estate amongst the i pee Mountains, a placo that wv.s half lucieni-l. half stronghold, and so fortified by naurnMbit ij men could hold it for ever against 1? could not bo reduced by famine, seeing tlw a j produced Its own food; it could not bo shelled'.'"1 I any attempt to storm It would bo the maih'j kind of foolishness. And in retreat to thi I"1 j the troops which remained loyal to him 1,. out along converging roads ns fast as wo uro them from tho city. (To bo Continued.) 