IlMyteries of Crime. ?? In 1880 a woman's body was d's covered in a cellar, under the pavement. of a fine mansion in Harley-street. The butler of the family in cleaning out the cellar came upon a cask, and wlthin that cask he found the body preserved in quicklinme, which had been used, no doubt, with the idea of pre-orving it, but the opposite result followed. Decoinpositlou had, however, gone to. far to make recognition plssibl,. aent there was nlever tIle slightest clule to thue Idntity of the criniual, tor of that of the murdered person. The wolmal had been stabbed to the heart. Nothing whatever was ellclled n thle hiolO, it self. It had been occuplied by the sline gentlemlan, its proprietor, an unttlllle:h ably respectable person, for at leaOt twenty years, and be could throw no light whatever upon the tiystery. Even where a bo y has been clearly identified, and withln a short space of thine, the solution has not been reached. Let us take some of the less familiar cases ts recorded in 'the criminal his tory of other countries. There was the murder of " the pretty cigar girl," as she was called, Mary Rogers, of New York-the foundation, indeed, of Edgar Allen Poe's famous story, "The Mystery of Marie Itoget," although he placed .the scene of the crime In. Paris. Mary Rogers left her home one evening for a walk in Hobo Iken, in,the Jersey side of the Hudson Rlver,t ind' was never afterwards seen alive. Some days later her body was found floating in North River ; she had been strangled by her own lace fichu. By-and-by the traces of a fierce and mortal struggle were found In a neigh bouring wood, and In due course several aniests were made, all of men supposed ,to have been deslerately in love witl Mary Rogers. Every one was able, however, to establish his Innocence, al though one, by named Payn, subse quently committed suicide near where the crime was perpetrated. This mysterious murder agitated the whole of the United States to an extent unparalleled, except by the murders of Presidents Lincoln and Garfield, and no etitlsfactory clue was ever obtained. Not long ago, at the death of the to bacco merchant who had beenl Mary Rogers's employer, and who as years paeied lild become a very wealthy man, certain facts were said to .have come out .which in a measure isplllcated him with the crime; but these do not ,scen to have been more tItan a vague story of his being hatunted on his deatllbed In Paris by the ghost of the murdered girl. Other cases of a simlilar kind have occurred In tile United States. There was the murder of Sarah Cor. nell, who was at Illst thought to have hanged herself, tlthen said to have been killed by a .\Methodist minuister ; but he was acquitted, ndllll the deed, now proved to be one of violence, was al ways- at mystery. So was that of tile girl fished up from the bottom of Manhattattn well, In the days when Nowe York was a snnall place; but the murderer who had llrst stran glle, then thrown, Gullelma Sands down the well- was never discovered. Fronl " Cassell's Family 3uigazluo" for April. 