Scraps. " FROM TIIE BULLEZTIN." A stnegerer from London Express, 26th June : In the bushmen of Australia we find, per. tIps, the lowest order of men that are known. They are no primitivu that they do not kneow enough to build even tile simplest forms of buhtour shelter Thle nearest th,.y could approach to it is to gather a lot of twigs and grasu,an tanking them into a thicket or juongle they build a nest, fer a home, much as do"s a bird. The nest s usuattlly built large enoug for thie f.mnily,and if the latter be very numerous, then Ileets are of a very large size. Into thin place they anil turn and snugge tnd ulli up together like kitteos. Soiet. times the foliage will grow together and formai sort o natural covering, but there is never rnoy attempt at tonstructing a ro teetion from the rain and storms, and it is marvel how they endore them. Where there is a particularly gool piece of jungle for home tstesit will ho quickly appropriated for the purpose, and somen times hunotred of these nests wtill he found together in the burt., as it is called. A certain small S laoriland village had nnffered for yeatr from the pructical jukes of Sullivan, the local pub-chkeepr, :mtil two sports from Wangunnui dtcied to call on him and try to revers the usual order at things. It was in the days rof muzzlo. loaders ; no one of the sports iput two chairges in his gutn Iloere-hand.rand, ontrr they bhad ndl drinks, went out, leaing the gun be hind. Thllereupon his friend sugcasted to Sullivan that they should take a rise out of the ahnbentee by drawing his charge, repllaciing it with powder only, and then hettingog hint that hlie could not kill any nl the ftwls in thuyard first shot. The lnadlord cnthu. sinstically caught on, andi whenl the youth returned,offered to let him have tne shot at the fowls, andt to bet him ten shillings nnd all the deceased poultry thaIt he woult not kill any fret shot. The guileltsu one ac. cepted the wager, and an adjournment was made to Sullirno's back-yard, where two handfuls olgrain eoon brotught lnl the docks and chookry hesi into a clustcr Then the sport tired, and about a dozen fuwl, ai prize roostcrand six ducks gitrve up the ghost. Their bodlies were taken on to Wnignnui. and the curtain fell for ever upon the practical jokes of public house Sullivann. At Mlount Hfope, N.S,W., one Dunn was found In his hut aplnrently deadn, nr.d the pollce and coroner were duly notillted. Next mornitg, howeverr. when the finder of the rcotpse" vlslted.he hut, he was astonslhled to find the dcfunet cheerfully surrounding his breakfast. Of course the rcsurrcctLel is a countrymarn of the classic Tim Finnigan. The case turns out to have been one of ra.s letsy. the subjeethaving presented all the ordinary indications of death-even to the coldness and muscular rigidity thereof. A Newcaustle, N.S.W., women took to the loal incinerator 2s worth of rats, neatly wrappted in a paperfparcel and placed in t new basket just purchased for half--acrowon. The transactlon proved a poor deal, ns basket ond all were sentenced to cremation by thi officer in charge, who ctllously ignored pro tetatiuns. 