STEP-LADDERS FOR FRUIT PICKERS. Some very useful and easily construct ed step- ladders are shownin accompany ing illustrations. They can be used with equal facility by orchadists for picking fruit from trees and by farmers for gen eral purposes about thehomestead. ' An excellent all-round and easily made lad der is shown at figure 1. To make this economically, take two ordinary boards 7ft long by Gin wide,-and two 6ft long by 6in wide. The latter two stand almost I vertical to form two of the legs. The other two are nailed or bolted to these at the top at such an angle that they will be 5ft. apart at the.botom. Between the I two long ones steps of convenient width made of Gin boards are nailed, the lower steps being somewhat the longer. Cleats may be nailed under the steps in order to give additional strength, or the ends may be set into the upright pieces a quarter of an inch deep. A wider board may be nailed on the top, upon which a person may stand and have room to set a bucket or basket. The boards or legs should be connected by horizontal braces of some kihd at the bottom, as shown in the figure. The ladder de picted at figure 2 has two boards 7ft or 8ft long, and Gin wide, with steps bet ween as in the one described above. At the bottom these boards should be about 3ft apart, and come almost together at the top, so that a pole scantling can be put between them to act as the third leg. This pole should extend Ift above the top of the boards, and have a short crosspiece nailed on, upon which a bas ket or bucket may be hung. A bolt should be put through the three uprights at the top to hold them together, and they should be braced at the bottom by horizontal pieces of wood, as shown in the. figure. At figure 3 is depicted a ladder, which may be used as a step ladder or as a common long ladder Step-Ladders for Fruit Picker-sýi for climbing on stacks, buildings,' etc. It consits of two common laders made rather wide, and Sft or 10ft long, one being 4in narrower than the other, and both made of scantlings. The 'second step from one end of each is left off, and the narrower one is put through the other crossing at that place. Through both sides of the two ladders, where they cross, holes are made, and a strong stick or iron *rod is passed through which acts as a hinge, and also as a step.The third step from the end of each lader should be bolted on the under I side, so that the ladder can be straigh tened out, making it twice as long as when in the position shown in the ac Icompanying figure. The upper cross third one on the other, should be made 2in. longer than the others, so that when the ladder is straightened, they will strike the scantlings and hold it more firmly. When this is used as a step ladder, a piece of rope should connect the two parts near the ground to pre vent it from spreading. At figure 4 is shown an extension ladder. It is best made with round pieces of wood for steps, and scantlings for the sides. There are two ladders, one being 5in. narrower than the other. To the narrower one near the end are fastened four pieces of heavy strap iron, bent : as shown at figure 5. They are screwed or bolted on, two on each side, just as far apart as the rounds are on the other ladder.These hook on to the wide ladder, and the two form one long one, the length of which may be varied by placing the hooks on the different rungs of the lad der. A new and effective spray compound `for codlin moth and allkinds of mandi bulate (or gnawing) insects can be made (writes the\ South Australian "Journal of Agriculture") as follows:-Boll 11lb. white arsenic with 21b. of freshly slacked lime in 1 gallon of water for forty minutes, stirring same frequently. This makes "stock" mixture. Use 3 pints of this wIth 50 gallons of Bordeaux mix ture, or, if water only is used, add 21b. of freshly-slaked lime to the 3 pints of stock, stir well, and then mix it .thor oughly with 40 gallons of water. A good deal more slacked lime will be taken up by either mixture of 31b. or 41b. of sugar is added. Lime counteracts any in jurious effects that might follow the presence of free arsenic in either of the compounds. There is reported a shortage in the orange crop of Valencia this year, and that greatly increased prices will rule-in Europe in consequence. The visible scarcity has already produced an ad vance in prices all round. The total ex port of oranges from Valencia last sea son amounted to 4,000,000 cases (average of 556 oranges in case, weighing about 1501b net). Shipments to date (April) this year have reached 2,600.000 cases, and are estimated at 3,000,000 cases for the entire season, which is not expected to last more than another month. A fruit tree propagator has, accord ing- to an English provincial paper, at last produced .a seedless apple, and the fruits have been seen by. many inter ested in pomology, so that in a few years' time a good supply of these pip less apples will be found upon the mar ket. It is said, too, that these new ap ples are superior in flavor to the ordin ary kinds. The New South Wales Minister for Agriculture (Mr Fegan) has decided to effect a change in the methods hitherto pursued in dealing with phylloxera in vineyards (writes the "Sydney Daily Telegraph.") Mr Fegan states that if it were probable that phylloxera could be thoroughly eradicated in New South Wales, the Government would willingly go to any reasonable expense to do it, but in view of the fact that there is no chance of doing this in certain infected places, he thinks it will be-far better to encourage growers to replant their vine yards on stocks that will not be injured by the disease, and with this end in view the department has during the past two years imported a large number of these vines for distribution. No vine cuttings or rooted vines wil lbe alloded'to be sent out of infected zones, but grapes may be sent out, provided no leaves are packed in the cases. Should phylloxera be dis covered outside the zone proclaimed, the extinction system will be pursued for the present, so that, if possible, the disease may be stamped out before it has secured a firm hold in a district. A proclamation dealing with the matter will shortly be issued. The "Gaulois" vouches for the accuracy of the following ghost story. Three gen tlemen were walking and chatting along the Bois de Boulogne, when suddenly one of them, overcome by a mysterious influ ence, stopped short and ceased talking. Over his senses a cloud descended. The scene of the Bois went from before his eyes, the sounds of his friends' voices from his ears. Only wan·s he conscious of being in the midst of a vast and barren place, upon which there slowly appeared a coffin, in which lay his sister, dead. The vision faded from his mind, and he recovered consciousness to find his friends staring at him in alarm, while he was shaking as though with cold. Alarmed, I he hastened to the telegraph office and wired to inquire the state of his sister's health. She was some 3000 miles from Paris, and when the reply came --to his telegram it stated that she had died the very moment he was-as the messaget oddly puts it-"seized with the vision." The "North China Herald" recor:ds a curious . Incident which occurred at a house on the Bubbling Well road, Shang- i hai. Mr Craig, the occupant, had fallen asleep on a long chair while reading on I his verandah. The book, which was Lord I Charles Beresford's "Break-up of China," fell on his chest when he went t to sleep, and he was awakened by a bul- I let penetrating it. It is fortunately a thick and heavy book. As MIr Craig rolled off his chair another. shot was fired, and he saw three Chinese in his 1 garden. Hs.ran inside to get his revol ver, and at the same time the Sikh police men on the beat, hearing the firing, ran up, but they were too-·late to arrest the l culprits. Mr Craig, thanks (to Lord I Charles's bulky work, was uninjured. -A Stupid Animal.- Edith: "Papa's awful mad! He unchained the dog to night, and what do you think tilhe] stupid brute did?" Cholly: "Aw--what did the fool do?" Edith: 'Why, lie went arid bit three awfully nice people 1 before you got here." 