iwiroro n tncoAi. ABiusosmns. 98SKS2 WS CRIME, COPTEIOHT. ' CHAPTER XI.—(OMfiaiMi.) ( % 9« jf* War/eo vmtmuitftt*ifiW*tMittMtM*tftmttttrtttmmrrt*rmttt/itii «aOw«t«ne Omt Porte^ Bquir. Ky«Ury," "Orii," "Ttu. «Mt«d Numt," ••Wdui BonOa," "A Fair Jrwim," "Tk. Gold® Lud," • "Th« Batnyal »f J«fc» SMfca^," *«., fa. It U nowpanllvdy hamfan," he mid, " when Uken a I direst, thavgh italnbitail Me would oertaihlj lead to injurious result!." . " A. nsurk which ipplieato »11 nwootioa," Mid Manbray. "That i* so, bat la <tta dro* there u \- fecial danger. tTae tt only when there is . tapantive -Med lor it, and keep it looked away, «o that it ehall not fall Into the hands of maj other person than yourself. Its nature ,. kahwtately deadly, «ad only the smallest that nan be taken wi& safety.*' " I will ken) it in a secret drawer in ibis stadio,** said Maubray, " which no ana aan • - vpm hut myarif. Thea thire ie another safegoard Sntfce label. 4 Deadly Poison* which wabwtwmil; affixed to the wrapper." : lib ooBversation ' was taking plaoe in the fc, Babied Tower, and Maubray showed Dr. -Weber tfce aaoret drawer in whioh be dapoMtod tbe powder. *' What would be the effect of a M b doseP" Dr. Weber looked at him . agirehenaiTely. «« Do not be alarmed, I hare no intention of nii-uiag it. The orisia is past and nay mind is neonriit its balance. .. In proof of which I hare resolved to paint a . new Marguerite, and am already eager to wnwnoe. I hare eren selected my model, and hare my oanfaa ready. "That will "be better than any medicine I can administer," . said Dr. Weber, hailing witt delight this healthy symptom. ''Who o is yoarmodelf" "Her name is Frida; the daughter of a s workman in the quarries, I was sitting at my window here, and die passed along the rauL Beholding her, I waa imaistiUy re- j minded -of Marguerite, and, " as usual 1 vi& with aUii eraay enthusiasts was eager to set to work m immediately. She comes to-morrow rnornwith animation, and Dr. Weber him the- old Maubray he had wished to I Xaabimy returned to the theme of the drag. "What would be the effect if a double dose were taken F" " A man in perfect health would deep for three or four days. One in feeble 'health might never awake." "An4 a treble doeeF" Would be fatal." "Instantly fatal?" "No. Within the hour, I should think, la a dose ao large there would be a canons variation. Instead of sending the man to sleep, it would keep him anke, till death of suffering ' A perfectly painless death." 1 Would ha lose the use tu of his faculties ?" " He would retain them to the last." " Hen the death trance," said Haubray thoughtfully. ""It is fortunate that th secret of this drag is known to few." "I believe it to be known only to myself," Mid Dr. Weber. "My discovery of its effect waa accidental. In its natural state it is comparatively harmless; I prepare it in a eertahi way, and that is my secret. Only to yon would I intrust ao lam a quantity. You will be careful of it, MMhray." ^"IKirttns:*"! wOTnblW55-5Srtr Here the con venation ended, aid next day Manbray began work on bis famous picture of Marguerite. Ike image of Gabri stm in bis mind, and he thought of her constantly, bat tbe sharp pang inflicted by her death had passed away, and in its place reigned a sad and tender memory. In their conversation! Dr. Weber referred frequently to Valerie, and Manbray wrote to her now more regularly and at greater lesigth. Gradually and sorely he re gained his usual serenity, and con templated recalling his daughter home at no distant date. Events hastened the fulfil meat of this intention. Hadame Hartmann's husband died and she was left a childless widow.. Manbray seised tbe He sent fer Valerie, and invited Us sister to take op her abode -with him. She joyfully consented, and presently domestic happiness once mare reigned in the artist's home. No Shadow fell upon the peace of Crow's Nest *mtil Manbray intercepted the letter whioh Professor Plenty had sent to his daughter. Two months had passed since then, and all the efforts made by Manbray to discover the writer had failed. Tbe picture of Gabrielle which he had painted hung upon the wait of his studio in the Bail CHAPTER HI A bracelet and some old laoe from Madame Hartnjann, " With loving felicitations to my dear nieoe Valerie "j a dainty watch, enamelled, from- Dr. Weber, ftth affectionate wishes 'from an old friend a set of flower vasee from the servants in Crow s Nest, " With dntifal respects to our yoaag mistress'', a itn, upon eaoh leaf of whioh was an allegory, a poetical fancy, or a aosne from nature* punted by Bernard Manbray, "To Valerie, with her father's love" ; a bouquet of white and red nam tied With a ribbon on which waa inscribed, "From Maurice to-Valerie"; these, with flowers and ranembrasoea from (humbler friends by whom she was loved, lay about the room, and on the table by which Valerie'' sitting on her twenty-third birthday. It noon of a beautiful day in June, and all filings contributed to the young giri'a happiness; tbe soft breesa, tbe dreamy clouds, the rustling of tbe leaves, were in harmony with Valerie's mood. \- Uneventful as her life appeared to have baen, she bad passed through^ a storm harder to hear became, like a .mother protecting her young, abe bad taken its full tome upon her AoaBn; but this heart-trial waa over, and peace hdd out hia aims to her. She gaaed . at tbe gifts, and, moving about (he room, handled them gratefully and tenderly; in the dumb memorials there waa a spiritual life which spoke to her m loving ascents, glorifying her natal day with affection worthily won and richly deserved. Gentle and sweet to all who came in contact with her, recognising no differences in social rank as a claim npon the measure of her regard, no less merciful to the . poor than to the rich, it would have been strange indeed had she failed to win affection, for though there is much that is mean and time-serving in the world, there are beneath this sordid crust iaterHag qua! ities which ring true when brought amua the Mfluenoe of each nmeUUfe Hndnen, J Velcrie showed to high and low alike. The jpftt by which she waa eurrmmded were proofs of this. They were the onaought rewanl of the efforts of an unwdfinh nature; they spoke of the past and the present, and . the bo^pfet of roses, emblem of tbe future, . «aae its silent song of love. Jinking into a \- AanyAe raised the f!overs .to her life and tiwd them, and with her closed eyes reeling -Sgfcqy mthe leaves saw virions which stirred VersMil with a sacred joy. This waa tile . lajjjllt of her life ; tbe promise of summer I smiling opoo her. There bad beenjjaik bat an thie had fallen, wherein was depicted in glowing colours the realisation of a maiden's sweetest Haubray ottered the room while die waa thus engaged, and ao abeprbed was she that die waa not aware of his prssenoe. He stood regarding her with a tender smile, divining her thoughts, and sympathetically recalling tbe time when be-himself indulged in dreams snoh as this dear child of his heart was dreaming. His lore for Valerie's mother and for GabriMle had not laded from ins memory, bat bsd merged itself Into lore for the one-being of his bipod who was left to him—a lore aa absorbing as that' which the young wrt entertained for Jfaurice. "Thus did I once'dream," he thought. ""May she,be spared the shadows which fell upon jpy life!" Presently he laid his hand upon her shoulder, and she opened bar eyes and blushed; bat she did not lay the "flowers aside. He had come from bis studio in the Ruined Tower, where, with'Frida for model, he had been engaged since breakfast on his new picture of Undine. His first words were of IHda. " I have given her an hour's rest," he said. "If we overtire our models something is lost whioh it is hard to regain. Frida is A treasure ; her capacity for expression is extraordinary. Theee outwardly placid persons have strong hidden currents in them which bringB to the surface." "Then yon have done well tills morningp" Valerie, slipping her hand into his as he took his seat at her side. "Does the artist ever do wellP" hereoined. " Is he ever satisfied f He dreams f an ideal and paints it in fairy colonrs; he uses, he exults, he stands before his canvas and commences with fervour. To the world he says, under his breath, ' I will show you a great work,' and to-day, when he examines the labours of yesterday, he doubts, he trembles, he ats in soornfnl judgment upon his masterpiece, which he finds after all but a bungling piece of work. Well for him that his vain boast was not heard." " But it is always so with the artist," said Valerie, kissing his band. " Yes, it is always so with him. Tbe performance never realises the dream. Then is he haunted by mocking ghosts, then is he tortured by fears of failure. Down from the heights 'he topples in his own esteem, and finds himseU bnt oommon clay. It is the jnst fate of the pigmy who in a fine frenzy believed himself a giant." "Maurioe says that is the true artistic feeling. We are not competent to judge ourselves." _ "Are we not indeedP" he said affectionately. " So Manrioe has been luring yon into conversations npon art tor the purpose of airing his views. It is always what Maurice aavs—Maurice the invincible, the infallible, who issues his ultimatum and dares us to question it. Pray, who constituted him the judge f What credentials has hef In what school has he leaned to correctly gauge the artistic sense, the artistic performance f How easy it is to be a critio! Boys fresh from school presume to mar or make reputa-. their beardless chins suggest improvements in shadow and outline. This is the world as it is to-day. I wss not aware that Maurice was a painter, Valerie." "No father," said Valerie, "Maurioeis not a painter bat-—" "I will have no 'bats.' Do you not see that I am terribly in earnest f Is this great critic a punter P" "No, father." " I thought as much". What is he, then !*' "He is he is Maurice," she said, with a smile. "Now, where shall I find an argument to meet that lucid description of Maurice f It is unanswerable—eh P" He took the bouquet from her hand. " He sent you these flowers —I see the snake in the grass—his card—and on it, • From Maurioe.' Is there magic in these simple words ? ' From Maurioe I' Ah, well, I must confess, I suppose. I had a letter from Maurice this morning, fend I wondered at his reason for writing to me." She looked np shyly, lovingly, smilingly. " Traitor! Ton knew he had written f" "Tea." " He wishes to speak to me npon a matter which he declares is vital. Valerie, assist me ; we will enter into a conspiracy to defeat him. What is this vital matter he wishes to disoussf" " Fatter!" ^ "Xea, child." " What will you say to Maurice F" " What would yon wish me to say to him P I am open to reason, Valerie." She put her arms round his neck, and hid her face on his breast Which means that I must reoeive him courteously. I premise that. It is his due —I acknowledge it. He is a man of honour, of good family, an honest, earnest gentleman. more can a father desire when tte happiness of a dear-ehQA is at stake f Is that, indeed, so, Valerie ?" " Yes, fatter." You love him P" Devotedly. I would die for bha, and he forme." Vet I aa bound to consider that he comes to rob me of a treasure more precioustp , I me than life itself. What can I do to protect myself t Forbid him the house t Set spies upon the public road to warn me'of his mhr 5 smiled, having no fear; it was sweet to listen to this pretenoe of disapproval, knowing, she did, that there was no sacrifice be was not ready-to make to ensure her happiness, "These imperials lovers," he oonramal, after insidiously Undermining the Btzonghbld, present themselves as conquer***. Alexsnder himself oould not be more ma. macding. So confident a re "they that thay do not even draw their swords, but rushing upon you, cry '* Victory,' and order you to surrender. And we do it. What otber course is open to us when the. dear traitor in our house has stolen our arms, and opened the —'3s to the invader f" His assumption of _ it humour, under which he Sought to ooaoeal his emotion, failed him here, and he folded Valerie in his arms. " Yon will not lose me, father. You will gain another child. Maurioe has no parents, and be loves and honours you. I should not be your daughter if I proved ungrateful for all your goodness to me. We have hidden ting Rom you. I think you must have Yes, I bare seen, and I am afraid encouraged. What does your aunt say of Maurice P' She holds bim in the highest esteem." And so do I. I have studied him, and I believe him to be a good man. If I did not I wculd not give you to him. Dear child, te fenced bor tenderly, and left her to meet Maurice Godefroy, whom be U» T-SSing the lawn. CHAPTER XIIL Ctaarthgs exchanged, Bernard Manbray led die young lawyer to his studio in the n, I B not a native of Ben . bon '- ' and "brought la and upon «he advioe of triads -tad aete&ed; the wriaa city as k promising fldd tor the ex^rpiae of his profeasum.. He had had an "uphill fight, and it iwas onlj' after some yeans of struggle that .be had euoceeded in planting bis foot firmly «n th* Wte. Through the friendly offioee of Dr. Weber, whose good favour he had Won, a wsnpl iflatan •in bit'hands. Failure waa. predlotait^iy^Q the legal luminaries of Bern, and Hsarica felt that failure meant mora to him than ths mere i loeing of -ibe oaae. He liad, seen Valerie and loved her; but Dr. Weber alone waa in the secret of his attachment to Bernard Maubtay's daughter. " You will sot be in a position to present yourself as her lover," said the kind doctor to the ambitious young man, J' un^il you have made a name far yourself. Now prove the mettle you art made pf. . Here is .a ease whioh ninety-nine lawyers oat of a huudred would lose. Win it, and win Mademoiselle • Valeria." Nil greater incentive could be .given. . Day and night woe devoted by <he young advocate tc the atudy of the oaaa, uid in the teeth ol immense odds and with a formidable array ol illustrious counsel against him, he had COB* duoted it to a triumphant issue. Talented, ambitious, and full of enthusiasm, ht 1 fell himself now justified in proffering his euh for Valerie's band, and it waa for this purpose he had written to BeThard Manbray .fat an interview on her birthday. Introduced to the family by Dr. Weber ht aoon became, a favourite in Crow's ^estj and ihe progress of the love affair war watched by Bernard Maubray with silent approval. But prepared ashewafi foritsnaturaj development it waa not without a pang that he contemplated surrendering his daughter to another man's care. The lad few months oi claaejumooiation with her had proved to him that, ahe was worthy of the best he bad to bsstow. He was one of those men tc whom the bestowal of love brings the sweetest pleasures, and in common with all noUl natures he found it a greater blessing to giva than to receive. Tbe sorrows of his past lifs vera chastened ; he did not, he could not, forget, but the violenoe of his grief had passed away. To this happier frame of mind ValerM had largely contributed. Considerate and thoughtful to an unusual degree in a young girl, she had so ministered to him as to revive all that was best in his nature, and at the same time to implant in his heart a Boundless love for her. There waa in this a possible danger—a danger that, under certain not impossible conditions, it might lead to violent extremes. Had this been pointed out to him he sronld have listened with incredulous ears, bat it was none the less true that he had become morbidly nervous for her safety. The growth A of this feeling oommenoed upon the receipt of the letter which had been addressed to her by an anonymous correspondent. He would wake^up in the middle of the night with the thought in his mind, " Is Valerie safe P" and he would steal from his room to listen at her door, and to walk softly through the house and often into the grounds in search of some hidden enemy. Tender and strong-minded as he was, there came into play a quality of intensity whioh oaosed him to insensibly magnify every' incident or circumstance in relation to her. Given a knowledge or suspioion that her happiness was in pem, and that an enemy vas really watching hisoppor* tunity to do her an ill turn, he would have as brooded upon it that it was likely the even balance of his brain would be disturbed and his usually clear judgment clouded. Thie partiality and disposition to morbid inclining sprang entirely from his personal affections; in all other matters he waa impartial and unbiassed. » On two occasions a singular occurrence bat puzzled him. On the first occasion he was sitting of late, when all in the house had retired to rest. Fancying he heard a sound without, he went into the grounds to ascertain the cause. He saw nothing, and heard nothing more to warrant the fancy, bnt be brooded npon it, and he did not go to bed till past midnight. The next •, as he was . passing into Jhe public road sftaot' the front gate,— ground a small gold pencil, of whioh he reool* lected having made tree use before he went ta his bedroom. Of this he was convinced, asi he could not understand how it eonld have found its way to the spot upon which ha found it. On the second occasion the introductory circumstances were of a similar nature. Again he was sitting up late when the members OThie household were in their beds. Again ha fancied be beard a sound outride tbe house. He stole to Valerie's door and heard her soft breathing. She slept with hi* door unlocked, and with a night-light burning. Softly opening the door, he saw thai she was slumbering peacefully. Again ha went out, and could discover no cause for the fancy. It was raining, and there was mud an tbe paths. He recollected, or thought he recollected, that upon his return to the hou« he bad exchanged his mnddy shoes for a pair of slipper*. Again he retired to rest after midnight. Tbe next morning he noticed thai the slippers he had worn, and which now la* on the bedroqp floor, were covered withmod. Hestked himself how the mod could has* got upon them, and he searched his memory whether he had worn them before he went into the grounds. After a period~of reflection he decided that his memory must be at fault, and that they mnst have been on his feat when he walked through the grounds. He made no mention of these incidents, and, ne further alarm occurring, he ceased tb trouble himself about them. Closeted now with Maurioe, the young man.explained tbe purport of his visit, and in modest and well-chosen words solicited Maubray's consent to his suit with Vahwie. " Certain worldly questions mast be asked and aai.nsered before I can give yon a reply,* 1 said Manbray. "There is a material side ta this matter. What can yon offer my daughter p " "An hononred name, sir, and ths prospect of a prosperous future^ whioh it is mj ilnsisal hope she will share." "Npthing more P" _" A love a£ devoted as it is m fe aataas ai man to feel." \ "It should count for much," said Besmaad Maubray. " It is a saored charge yoa atfe me." "I will bald it aa. Ta make her haMW •hall be the object of my life." There waa a naose before Bernard Uanbraf spoke again. It was a promise he L: snrf had mads in yeata gala by, and vhM with all his .earnestness he had endeavswal t^ fulfil. As to year presentmeans f" "They are mt larga. lean maintain* heme in fair comfort. Our state will not be luxurious, but there is the future." "Yes, there is always tbe future. A nature such ss Vslerie's can be happy without luxury." "Then you consent, sirP" said Maurioe. •" Not yet," replied Maubray, muling at the young man's eagerness. •' Youth is san« guine and hnpetutms. Before monqr, befota love even, stand honoar and integrity. I da not say it of you, nor do I snspdet it, or wa should not now be discussing a matter dear <• mm to yon, bat there are men who offer | maiden the stale lees of a life of disrepute who hold what I deem saored in small esteem. Such unions breed misery. They may bria( a grops pleasure to the hnsbsnd, but thi* bring a moral death to the wife. In sucn. case roaniage is not • a bleniing, but a cures." " I entirely agree with you, sir." . "Tell me something of your pM^ Haurioe." ftp g* osxtratixD.] MC-fl llrs. Dix: " Isn't your mother vacy glal you have recovered from the cough r* Dick': " I dow't believe so, ma'atM yonSaa't think how it UEE*>d the baby." • O4o*et John Morgan, (feribyor ef UraMfc recently signified bis iataMSon of laying dowt at Mi nwn cost plant fc* electric lights* <**» town, ltfca esttanMed thatlhk «S j*a3*a%meana£il«r&JMIVi; 