M» ? Mo vtflller. THE FORTUNES OF STELLA (Continued from Saturday** issue) OHAPTEtt XIII. The answer was a laugh— a' load, gibing laugh. The warn ad —for .woman it certainly was: neither ghost nor goblin — bent her odd face forward, and looked into the dark, dilating eyes cf. Stella Bedruth. . Stella hore the scrutiny with an unflinching, steady countenance. Sir Halberd's eldest daughter was no ordinary chariacter ; strength of will, high purpose, strong though refined common sense, were ampng the marked charac teristics, yet was she possessed ot fancy imagi nativeness and the finest poetic and artistic feeling. *' I am the ghnst of Meg Merriles ; I'm a fejnale jack o'«ant«rn ; I'm a witch who was burnt in the reign of the first James, and mv ashestook shape, again came to life and here I , am ready for anything. I have the nppetile of a j vampire, and my favourite banquet is the s--ft. j firm fle*h of delicttely-reared damsc's like ! yourself !' j The grntesqu«? creature made an ugly grimace, I snapped her fingers, and ex cuted a sort of ' danoe step fantastic and wild, odd, and only redeem d from awkwardness by the agility with which it -vas performed. ° I Am not alarmed, if that is what you desire.*' said -telK brusquely, ? nor shall 1 be if you make still uglier faces, and utter yet more unmitigated nonsense. Now perhaps you will kindly permit me to pass you ?' 'Not by any means, lady-love. I am about to pass lhe night am-ing the graves, and whisper secrets to the dead bones which repose below ; and I have a wine-cup, sweet and strong which you must quaff with me, and drink, not my health— that's established for as long as the world Ia^ts— but the success and happiness of ray descendants. Descendant, rather, for the plural does not represent any thing to me in that respect. I have only one descendant, Sir Gilbert Owen, of Trevader.' Stella started, and drew back a'pace or two. The baronet, hevtstrong and wilful, unscrupu lous. and (so she fancied) unprincipled: had he assumed a womanly disguise to f ighten her, in revenge for her refusal of his hand, heart, and house ? The pale rays of the moon fell upon a face of unwonted pallor and mature years ; but might not the pallor be painted, and the wrinkles false? Was this disagreeable person Sir Gilbert in disguise ? 'I have nothing lossy to Sir Gilbert Owen, or his affairs; I certainly have no wish to drink his health, either in a wine-cup or a wine-glass, which last is the more modern of the two.' She spoke with a certain satirical emphasis. The odd being hung its head for a moment : then, suddenly looking up, said : ' Sir Gilbert is not one to bo mocked by the wit of young ladies saucy and proud as they ? may be; and I would have you know, fair ? damsel, that if he offers his love and it fc re I fused the grave closes over her who refuses him I within twelve months from the time of her in I suiting the owner of Trevader. It's the same V with all the Owens where they love: if they I marry, well ; but if thpy are not loved in return, then death overtakes he or she who pours scorn' on an Owen of Trevader !' ' What a misfortune ' said Stella, coolly ; ' and what a pity I am not a damsel of the last century, when the world was a hundred years younger and the people a hundred times more credulous; then t might have trembled at your threats, for threats they undoubtedly are. Tou have heard thot I am insensible to lhe solid ad vantages which appertain to a Lady Owen of Trevader ?' Stella asked (he question a little disdainfully, with a fearless tossing of her young, proud head. She believed that Sir Gilbert Owen stood in dis guise before her, that he was trying to fiighten ber— in his own language, M testing her mettle' —and she was not verygenlly disposed towards this worshipful yung landowner at this moment. I 'I have hoard ihat ycu are proud, lady-love I — proud, proud ae T -ucifcr, who is the prince of I pride and all -vil ; I ha..? hpard that you think I yourself so handsome and so rich, that a duke, I at leasf. ought to pr«»pnsfi to you. Do you know what is the end of young Jadres who wart for dukes, and refuse honest young baronets of ancient blood and unencumbered estates?' ' Do I know.'* reppated the bold Stella, mock ingly— ' do I know the end of the bad little boy in the spel ing-book story, who icould wander into the woods nutting, instead of going to school ? Why the Gipsies carried him away, took off his nice clothes, dressed him in rags 1 and set hun'to mind lh«\r donkeys. He cried for two years One day, in a country fair, an old gentleman, who had known him at home with his papa, recognised the poor little man, all disfigured by dirt —taller and thinner and, I Bhould think, less of a gentleman tor his two 1 years' sojourn among the unwashed ; so he bar gained for his release, and took him home to his delighted mamma, who, after putting him in a bath, and dressing him in a suit of his elder brother's gave him the best dinner he had ever eaten a little gold watch, and a pretty pony, and told him never to p'ay truant again. Let us hope he never did.' j ?'But cried the tormentor, approaching very close to Stella and looking into her eyes fiercely — ? you are iM a little boy ; but a proud, wilful, headstrong girl, whose spirit mirnt and shall be broken ! Ha, ha!' And two strong hands closed round the slender wrist of Stella, j and pres-ed it violently, so asiociu-e pain*. ' Don't think to usenpe line damsel — don't ? *' A crashing sound thiough the brambles which I' grew on the other side of ihe^rini, gray church yard wall. Stella raised her voice. ' Help-Jjelp help !' In a moment, the fi ureofa man swung from one of the tall whispering, gloomy trees wluse boughs hung over into the churchyard ; and 1 then Stella saw ftir Gilbert Owen silting on the wall, in the moonlight, and staring at her and at her assailant but without rocognising her. ' Hallo! what's the matter here ?'' asked the bluff young baronet, in a rough tone. *' Sir Gilbert, this person has attacked me — refused to let me pass - holds me .now by the wrist. I implore you, as you are a gentleman, to assist me There was just the faintest tremor in her voice by this time. Human courage, and es pecially female courage— the courage of highly bred dclicatcly-reared women like Sir Halberd's daughter, though high- strung, and capable of great things, has its fluctuations, its ebb and tide; and just for a moment the bravery of Stella receded. She had hitherto regarded thegrote^que stranger as a worn in, or, at least as. Sir Gilbert in disguise ; and with eiiher of these, a' woman whom ahg did liot kn6w,-or!the barret, £wiom ; she nuthbered among her acquiSntaiiMe,3£5 |eU able to cope ; but when^he strong handsilasped here, she knew that the clutch was masculine and strong as with the strength ot a ' gifknt. Then she raised her voice for help( and ^Sir Gilbert appeared to the rescue. . ^ _ . '? Great Heaven {'-'thundered Sic. ^SilbeKi then he sprang dowo^mong the1 rank- grass And. nettles ; and the creature, whose hands clasped Stella's, relaxed his -hold, and slunk away jast as the baronet made a stride towards him. ?? Who are yon, rascal ?' thundered Sir Gilbert. Now, tho dress was the dress of a_ woman, and afterwards Stella wondered how Sir Gilbert had discovered the' sex. of this prowler in lonely churchyards. The man in disguise replied not, only, gather ing up his long skirts, leaped over tl:e graves,? sprung ovet the palings which divided the graved ' yard from the wood, and disappeared among the trees. * Sir Gilbert stood staring as if moonstruck.;. Stella turned io~ him. ; \ ' Is that a madman, or a thief, Sir -Gilbert Owen ?' *' My dear young lady, /mid should I know ? — hoic can I tell?' The voice ot the young baronet faltered. Stella almost fancied that he trembled. ' Has anybody darod to insult you ?- The rascal I I wish 1 had knocked: him down,' but for your sake ; and a fight so alarms women — ladies, '.correcting' himself. ' 'Yes, Sir Gilbert; I am glad you did -not fight although yonder ruffian deserved - — '' ' Hanging 1' growled the baronet. -k Not as the matter stands; though, if you : had not come, I think he would have murdered ! me. Hut here we are, Sir Gilbert, deciding that ! the person is a man, yet he was dressed like an elderly country-woman.' | ( To be continued ut Saturday's tune ) 