MT. MORGANS. (From our own Correspondent.) MT MORGANS, Sept 4. PB0GBE6S COMMITTEE. This evening a.meeting of the above •was held at Tatterpall's Hotel, Messrs -J. Smith (chairman), Grant, Foster and Mickle being presebt. The secretary stated that two nominations only had been received for the •vacant positions on the committee, Mr C. B. Hardwicke being nominated by Mr • H. Carroll and Mr R. E. Davis by Mr C. W". Price. The chairman therefore declared these gentlemen duly elected, remarking that he knew one of the new members (Mr Hardwicke) p- j r- •sonally, and had no doubt that he wou'd prove an acquisition to the committee. A letter to Mr A. E. Morgans requesting that gentleman's good offices in the matter of a petition to the Premier applying for the extension op the railway to Mt Morgans was read l\v l! the secretary. It is anticipated tlW. though Mr Morgans will have left tli-v -colony before the petition is complete lie will arrange with some other member to •further.the petition. Figures regarding'freight, etc, to be ttsed in support of this request linre "been receive^. from the Guest gold jcine, 'and similar particulars are being obtained from the Westralia Mt Morgans gold mine, the Anacorda copper mine, and •the Mt Malcolm Proprietary gold mine. Mr. Hardwicke suggested the calling of a public meeting with a view to the formation of a railway league. Decided •that the matter be ? left for the consider- -ation of a special summons meeting. The completion of the petition and forwarding of same was left in the hands of the chairman and secretary. No reply had been received from the 'Government regarding the grant applied 'for by the committee. CRICKET. J A concrete cricket pitch is is course of -construction at the Recreation Reserve. The formation of an association is being •considered, three strong clubs being already in existence, and a fourth talked -of. The great interest shown already in, matters connected with the sport indicates a highly successful 6eafon. EARLY CLOSING. In consequence of the rapid growth of the town, thi number of assistants employed by the business people here has lately been greatly increased. It is pleasant to record that the storekeepers have mutually agreed to qbserve the Wednesday half holiday, and to put up their shutters earlier in the evening. • HOSPITAL SUNDAY. " ' At the respective churches on Sunday -last special 'service? were held and collections made in aid of the local hospital. The congregations . were large and the offertories good At the Church of England the Rev. R. H. Moore preached a suitable sermon from the te&t;, " Know ye not your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost." During the service the duet, " Ora pro nobis " wab rendered by Mr Phillips and Minn Lnnvon. At the Wesluyau Church the Rev. E. Pollard James appropriately preached upon the parable of the Good Samaritan. The abthem, *• Casting all your care," was rendered by the choir, and the church, under the direction of Mrs F. Allanson,'was beautifully decorated. It is anticipated that, with the usual £ for £ from the Government, the hospital will benefifc to the extent of about £12. 