MISCELLANEOUS TOPICS. Everyone in Sydney is wearing a ' worried look,' and good reason they have for their remarkable attitude. Sydney, the 'Queen City' of the Southern Hemisphere, with its beautiful harbour and natural resources, has eventuated into a plague stricken district, and has its busiest quarters quarantined during the time necessary to clear some thousands of tons of filth from the area. Already a great deal of complaint is made that officialdom is to blame for this terrible state of affairs, and rumor has it that some extraordinary revelations will be made when Parliament meets. We shall see what line of excuse will be made, but in the meantime worries will accumulate. Owing to the introduction of the electric- system of tramways the whole of the telephone service has bacome disorganised, and when you call a: ''number,' even such a staid journal as the ' Sydney Morning Herald ' assures us that ' it is a task to control your temper, so swear you must.' The congestion of traffic by the tram ways perambulating George-street in an ' under a minute ' service adds to the minor worries of life. Business men cannot do busi ness ; shippers are handicapped; officialdom is worked to death , general disorganisation makes . even the ' war news' take a back seat; and and endeavors are converging to harass people into taking the plague to escape their trials and tribulations. Tbe fish in Sydney harbour have died in large numbers, aud a scare has almost sus pended the business of the fishmongers. Very few people care to run the risk of purchasing fish that may have been caught near Sydney The lavish use of disinfectants about the City is said to be the cause of the death of the fish, but the scientists say that it is caused by a weed growing in the harbour which the storm and rains now upon us will exterminate till another period of drought. This is good news to the house-wives who had fears for their arrangements for Pesach. The zeal and earnestness of the endeavours to stamp out the plague should extend to a sharper look-out upon the meat supply. Jews who do not consume kosher meat are running unnecessary risks, and should be guided by the number of prosecutions that have taken place to shield themselves from the danger which threatens tbem. . The extra cost is well repaid by the saving of medical fees and attendance when illness — from apparently unaccountable sources — takes a hold upon some member of the family. Last week, ' no sympathy fordupes ' wasa summing up of one of the miscellaneous topics. Judaism wants no ghostly ambassadors to saunter around in badly lighted rooms, to dis tract the weak or nervous and perhaps frighten them into the lunatic asylum. Moses never specified how a tranca seanc-a could be arranged and furthermore, this memo challenges the production of one allusion to a materialised ghost in the whole of the Pentateuch. Bah 1 I detest the superstition, ignorance, and cupid ity of people who allow- their otherwise well balanced j udgments to be coerced into accepting the testimonies of irresponsible people whose word they would not hold as good enough security in ordinary matters for the most trivial amount. These ' spook raisers ' must approach us outside these peculiarly gloomy and dangerous seeming apperturnances, turn th« light of investigation upon their cunning and elaborate scheming, and let us see if enough is left to convince the simple.-t child that there is a possibility that Truth lurks in dark passages and hides behind the mantle of blackness — the emblem of perfidy. We Jews should have a representative poet. It was pointed out come little time ago that success attends Jewish candidates in almost every other direction, yet in this art of peace tbe examples are few and far between. Several juveniles have sent in their writings, and to day a poem from the pen of the late Mr. Moss, j ofHowra. The home coming of our contingents should afford the opportunity of displaying latent talent, and in the meantime a poetical address to the Jewish boys in the ranks would not be amiss. Is there a Hebrew word for Heaven. In the text of the first chapter of Genesis the word awn appears as the plural 'heavens,' i.e„ 'firmament.' It is due to the idiom of the language that the plural is used in so many instances. It has its root in the word 'there,' and in old texts the word Qty ' there, there,' was used to express the tirma ? ment, or anything as distinctive which the mind could not particularly designate with a positive expression. 