The Bringelly Road (By "Japonica.") That muddy way to Luddenham, The b----- way to Luddenham; The road where all the tearing's done, The road where all the swearing's done, Just to and fro in Luddenham. For the direct information of the alder men of Penrith and Mulgoa, I state that this now famous mud farm is situated on the western boundary of St. Marys Munici pality, from Kingswood Station to the hills behind Luddenham. It is 66ft wide and 2ft. 6in. deep in mud or dust, according to the seasons. It was originally dedicated to the general public, but was subsequently taken possession of by Fred. Andrews and Co., fuel merchants, and since they took possession of it no one else seems particu larly anxious to own it. The late Dr. Bond once remarked that it would be a splendid road if it could be kept out of the rain and away from wood carts. Poor bovine brutes that travelled it, All cursed the day they gravelled it. And equine hearts were in despair The day they put those culverts there. They groan along its weary length With burdens far beyond their strength, The drivers whip the dragging wheels, From Kingswood Gate to Littlefields.'' It appears that the more they tamper with this road the worse it gets. It is no use patohing up a road that has no bottom to it. It is simply a waste of money. When Bank Manager Cadden was a trustee for this road, he put Cornelius Sweeney on the job to fill in some very deep ruts, he discovered what he at first thought was a stump sticking up in the middle of the road near Heaton's gate, but it turned out to be the head of Buokley's poor old grey horse who had sunk in the mud. I am not certain now whether or not Sweeney grubbed the stump out or cut it off level with the surface. But this I know that for ever afterwards Alf Colless' gothie horse 'Roany' would never pass that spot after dark. The old cuss would stop short and snort, throw his rider over his head in the mud, then scamper back to Penrith. I know all this is perfectly true, simply beoause I happened to be there always when it oame about. And as to the truth of Sweeney's discovery, I would refer you to Buokley's horses ghost, or to my old friend 'Dick' Heaton. It is a pity this wretohed road is so wide — it holds so much slush. Now, I hold that if it was corduroyed with real big saplings, and well covered with gravel just wide enough for teams to pass, it wonld be a vast improvement on its present state. The one great drawback is the want of funds to do it. One of the easiest things in life is to find fault with responsible officers. Every ratepayer fancies he oould do things better than an alderman could, and, whilst we know that the £1200 lately spent on this road was spent injudiciously, we must give the aldermen credit for doing their best. I hold that it wonld be better to do a quarter of a mile thoroughly than the whole lot indifferently. And it is very evident that so long as this road is sub jected to heavy traffic it will never be a good road without ballast. All the roads on the sandy flats in and around Botany, are well ballasted, and better roads are not to be seen anywhere in this colony. The cost for such roads is £10 per chain, 22ft. wide. The distance from the quarry to the centre of the town is two miles. If the municipalities interested in this road, assisted by the member for the district, would induce the .Minister for Works to go and see the wretched state of the road, I feel sure some great benefit would accrue from it. Snrely it is worth an effort; the more you ask for the more yon will get, There is abundance of rough stone in York and Mamre Estate suitable for the work, and then, again, Lapstone quarry is not a thousand miles by rail from Kingswood Station. Now is the time to sow the seed For the harvest of future years; Now is the tirme for a noble deed While the need for the work appears. 