C!)e luptmTial&erattj; FRIO VY, AUGUST 17, 1900. Till? SWEATING EVIL. Somewhat of a mild shock has recently been given to the community by the disclosures in connection with what is known as the " sweating evil," which abounds iu the city and suburbs. This evil is not of recent origin. For years it has existed, but it has graiualiv grown more iutense as the demand for cheap clothing-f«r it is in the manufacture of wearing apparel that the evil luxuriantly flourishes - has become greater. Competition and the support which the general public give the traders who supply them with the cheapest article, which is not necessarily the best, has forced sellers to gradually cut down the prices paid for the production of the goods until the unfortunate workers who have to look to this class of labor [ for a living have been reduced to a payment that does not represent the value of their daily bread-they have been " sweated " do-.vn so that to earn a couple of shillings a day long hours, extending far into the night, have to be worked A remedy for this is wautei, and the aid of ilie Legislature is invoked. We have coaie to look to the State for assistance in almost everything. Matters which should find regulation or suppression in ordinary considera tion by the people individually and col lectively are placed before- the Parlia ment to be dealt with by statute. In some cases, certainly, amelioration has been brought about by this means, but there are wavs of evading the law ° 5 and acts become unworkable or require amendment, whilst the fact of legisla tire interference in questions which { should be left for settlement by the j parties directly coucerne', tends to cause estrangement and want of sym pathy oil the part of those who arc affected by the legislation. Then the workers are often placed under circum stances (hat eoaipel them to obtain work and io do itat theprice fixed by the person who has it to supply. It is seen by unfortunate wo ker that the money to be earned by it is barely sufficient for a living, but half a loaf is better than no bread, and by toiling long hours it is hoped that a living may be got. Competition presses keener, and the worker has again lo be bled, and thus it goes on. That this condition of things is deplorable there is no doubt, and in the interests o£ the j community a remedy should be | ; looked for. Naturally legislation is j | ihat first called upon to deal with it. | Moral suasion seems incapable of | I meeting the difficulty, in spite of the | I fact that it is a moral question more | than a political one. People cover their eyes in horror at the disclosures made, and at the same time encourage the "suealer" by purchasing Hie very cheapest article they can get of a given quality. Whilst bewailiug the condition oF the " sweated" widows and daughters, for these are the more common victim?, they shut their eyes to the patent fact that every shilling an article fa reduced in price has to come out of the compensation for the labor of some ouc, and as the seller naturally protects himself as 1'ar as possible, the cost of manufacture has to be cut down, and the miserable occupants of poor homes have to suffer. Legislation may make restrictions for hours of labor or even the payment to be made (or specific kinds of work, but the eutorcemeut of its provisions are impossible, or if possible, they merely change the character of the evil by which its hideousness is partially hidden. It is evident that the " sweating" will be a formidable evil to successfully deal with; indeed, it is doubtful if it can be mitigated very mush by legislation. As already stated, competition and the demand of customers are forcing sellers io low prices, and sellers are falling ba»:k upon manufacturers for reduced prices, and the manufacturers seek to comply '-nth the demand by inicrior quality goods with improved appear, ance and the forcing down ci the cost of production. Legislation can. not stop that. It can do something, however, to temporally amelii'i'aie the condition of the seamstresses, which is desirable, though logi.-lalh© interference has great dangers, and care will be necessary iu the attempt to c-n force it. Fedkual Taui t'l'.-This evening 3ir. D. Williams will give a free public lecture at the Kapunda lustilut;?. The subject will be " The Federal Tariff." Tiib Weatueh.-The weather during the week has been rou»h and cold. The rain fall registered at the Kapunda post-officc has been:-13th, 29 joints; Mth, id; 13th, IS; 16th., 81-total, lit points. ACCIDENT. - Mr. A. Thomson, juu , was returning from the Brewery on Tuesday last, when the horse he was driving shied. Mr. Thouisou was thrown out of the vehicle, and falling against a fence, received injuries which confined him to his house until Thursday. SNOW.-A. fall of snow occurred at Aulaby on Thursday niorniii«r. The fa:l was heavier at Eudunda. At both places snowballing was indulged in. Mr. S. A. Mann brought a large ball down to K& punda, and it was viewed by a larg;; num ber of persons -at the Sir John Franklin Hotel during the afternoon. Snoiv also fell at Taylor's Gap, and -during a shower of rain in Kapunda early in the afternoon light snowflakes were noticed. CHRIST CutJEcif LITERARY SOCIETV. The adjourned annual business meeting of Ohrist Church Literary Society was held oil Monday evening. 1 he bal;me<v-sl:e«fc was read and adopted. The programme for the present session was submitted for approval and pasred. The evening con cluded with-short readings, the Rev. C S. Hornabrook being in charge. Readings were given by Messrs A. Harris, E. Nation. Brother Burgess, and Riv. C. S. Horna brook. THE Angaston RAILWAY.- -On Tuesday Mr. F. W. Paeeh presented n petition to the House of Assembly, signed by 1.181 residents of the electoral districts of Light and Barossa, protesting against the rail way to Angaston. The following reasons were given why the line was not required : -1. It would simply benefit, at public cost, the few large landowners at Angaston and Rosewortbv. 2. That the present or any probable traffic did not warrant its con struction, 3. That if constructed, any traffic within eight miles of Boseworthy would still be taken by road to Freeliug or Roseworthy, as at present. 4. On public grounds they objected to the construction of a line of railway which would entail an annual loss to the taxpayers of the colony, tor the benefit of a few private individuals. DUTTON PARK.-A meeting of the com mittee of management of Dutton Park was held at the Council Chauibor on Friday evening. Present-Messrs. J. P. Orchard, J.P. (chairman), A. Thomson, A. Duncan, W. R. Greensliields, 0. W, Hamilton, and W. Jeffs (bon. secretary). The secretary reported that three grazing licences had been issued. It was resolved that a turnstile be erected in the western corner of tho division fence in thppsrk. The secretary read a letter from the South Australian League of Wheelmen, stating that an application for the league's patronage to the pro posed bicycle sports- on Monday, Novem ber 12, * was sure to be favorably considered. i. programme of sports vas adopted. It includes seven bicycle races, the prize-money amounting to £23 los. There will be an entertainment- in the evening. KAPUNDA SCHOOL OF MINES AND Indus tries.-The monthly meeting of the coun cil of the Kapunda School of Minos and Industries was held on Wednesday evening, August fS. Present-Messrs. A. W. U iv ment (president}, W- Jeffs, H. A. Holt house, W. Flavel, J.P. ftreasurer), and H. J. Truscott (secretary). A letter was received from the Minister of Education, stating that it was not necessary for the names of the parsons nominated for mem bership on the council to be submitted to him for approval, but suggested that as the school was assisted by a Government grant that be should appoint two members of the council as representatives of the Govern ment. The use of the council room was granted to the Kapunda Chess Club for one evening per week for 2s On the applica tion of Mr. Holthouse. it was resolved that the Kapunda Rifle Club be allowed the use of the council room on payment of Is. per hour; and, also, that the room be placed at the disposal of the Kapunda Agricultural Bureau (on behalf of which Mr. Flavel applied) for a monthly meeting for the sum of <£1 per annum. CUBIST CHURCH.-The Bishop of Ade laide visited the parochial district of Kapunda last week. On Friday, the feast of St Lawrence, he gave confirmation in Christ Church to twenty-four candidates. The chr.vch was crowded. The service was fully choral, the processional hymn being " Holy Church " and the recessional " For All Thy Saints." The bishop gave two earnest addresses - one before and one after the laying on of hands. At the cele bration of the Eucharist on tha days of confirmation at both Christ Chnreh and St. Hilda's the Litany of the Holy Ghost was said, and daily intercession has been made after evensong for many weeks on behalf of those about to be con firmed. On Friday the bishop stayed at Telarno, aud on Saturday went on to Anlaby. On Sunday he confirmed seven teen at St- Hilda's, Eudunda, some being from Point Pass and Sutherlands missions, and four were presented at St. Matthew's, Hamilton. In the evening at evensong the bishop preached to a large congregation. Taking the iliresfold flight of the dove from the Ark as a type of the work of the Holy Spirit in Creation at the incarnation and in the church at Pentecost, he elo quently pressed home deep lessons. The service concluded with the "Te Deum," sung before the altar as an act of thanks giving for the confirmation blessings lately vouchsafed throughout the district. St. Matthew's, Hamilton, has been recently enriched with a very handsomelv-carved reredos, the three panels under the arches being painted by an Adelaide artist. This little church, with its marble and tiled sanctuary floor, richly-decorated walls, and handsome altar hangings, furniture, and new reredos, is now one of the most, if not the most, beautiful country churches in the colony. About the end of the year a clergy man in priest orders is espected to arrive to strengthen the hands of those already working here for the Anglican Church, who are now busy preparing those lately confirmed for their first communion. 