CATHERINE'S GHOST. [By Charles O'Malley.] "We had just come in, laden with parcels from our Christmas shopping, and nearly blown to pieces by the high wind, which was a characteristic feature in Sydney last Christmas live. As we prepared to retire, laughing and talking over the various sights we had seen, there was a knock at the door and matron entered. Of course we all stood up respectfully at once. "Nurso Nancy," she said, calling me forward, " I want you to take Nurse Marian's place in No. 6 ward to-night. She has been summoned to an outdoor case and won't be back for some hours." " Very well, matron." " As you have not been resting to day you may go off duty at 4 o'clock," the matron continued. " Call Ellen Davis before you leave the ward and tell her to look after it until the day nuroes come on." " Yes, matron." "Good night, nurses," and the tall figure, feared but loved by every nurse in the Maternity Hospital, left the room. When we were alone I gave vent to a dismal groan. " Oh, girls, fancy having to go on duty this horrible windy, dreary night, and I can't go to see my cousins at Burwood to-morrow morning, as matron makes the night-nurses stay in bed until 5 o'clock." "And this is Catherine's night, too," said Nurse Bessie. "What, the ghost?" I asked in dismay. "Yes, don't you know they say she is always seen on Christmas Eve, and she makes a circuit of every ward, so you may expect a visit from her ?" said this Job's comforter. "Oh, dear! oh, dear! this is fear ful," I said dolefully. " I wish matron had put someone else in charge. But there's no use grumbling about it. I had better put on my cap and cuffs and go down to No. 6 at once." And I departed, feeling it must be confessed rather nervous, for, ever since my coming to the hospital, three months before, I had been hearing various apparently well authenticated accounts of the appearance of the hospital ghost. Nearly half a century ago Catherine Horton had been head staff nurse of the Hospital. She and the matron then in charge were close friends, and on the night of her death, one Xmas eve, Catherine told the matron that if there were any trouble impending she would try to appear as a earning or sign. But. the old nurse made a curious request. "Matron, I am going to die in an hour.' (It was then one o'clock). "Promise me that you will not touch me or close my eyes until morning." And to satisfy her the matron promised. "Now go away," said Catherine, "I want to be alone when I die," and she bade Mrs E good-bye. Sure enough Catherine died at the hour she mentioned, and the matron left her untouched as she had re quested until morning. The reason of this curious request has never been known, and I suppose it will always remain a secret. For nearly a year after Catherine's death all went well at the Hospital and nothing supernatural appeared. Mrs E had nearly forgotten Catherine's promise when, one night, as she was walking through the foundling ward to see that everything was all right, a dim luminous figure suddenly stood before her. It was Catherine, or Catherine's spirit. Mrs E was a sensible woman, and she asked the ghost why she had ap peared. Catherine gave no answer, but giided from cot to cot through the ward, pointing with a finger, which resembled a blue shadowy flame, to each little occupant. When she came to the last one she vanished. Mrs E wondered what this appearance meant, for Catherine had only said she would came if danger threatened the matron or those under her care, and there was nothing wrong with the little foundlings, who were all in fairly good health. But two days after cholera broke out, and, as Nursa C who told me the story graphically, said, within a week every child in the foundling ward lay in the dead house. Catherine had made several appear ances since, and her coming always foretold disaster of some kind. There was a report, too, contra dicted by some and confirmed by others, that Catherine was seen on every anniversary of her death, and certainly the statistics of the institu tion showed that every year, some where between Christmas Eve and New Year's Day, either a woman, a baby, or a child from the foundling ward died. I sincerely hoped that she would not visit me on my night watch, and I hurried across the flagged court yard, glancing apprehensively over my shoulder. But when I entered No. 6 my years were almost; routed by the sight of the big fire blazing in the kitchen, which was only partially separated from the ward by a wooden partition. Although Xmas, it was a cold and gusty night, and the cheerful blaze this by no means unwelcome. Everything was quiet in the long ward, where the patients lay peace fully resting in their white-quilted beds. Nurse Lizzie, who was in charge, rose with a sigh of relief. " I'm so glad you've come, nurse. I was just feeling dead beat," she said. " Everything is all right, I suppose?" I asked, as she was leaving the ward. " Oh, yes. They are all asleep, I think, and the babies are unusually quiet to-night. Good night, nurse." So I was left alone. It was just a quarter past nine, and there were nearly seven hours watching before me. Knowing that I would probably have very little to do—-for No. 6 was only about half full—l had provided myself with a splendid supply of stationery, and resolved to spend the watches of the night in writing to absent friends. It was the first Christmas I had spent away from home, and, pen in hand, I sat thinking of how differently I had been occupied a year ago. My thoughts flew to my home, and I lost myself in a reverie, wondering what the dear ones were all doing there to-night. Were they thinking of the only one absent from the family circle at this season of re-union ? Yes, I felt sure they were. I could see them all—dear father, with his stern yet kindly face—my gentle invalid mother, and the group of big brothers and sisters, who used to call me 'the baby.' But I was roused from my dream by the wailing cry of an infant, and hurried into the ward, dimly lighted by a flickering gas jet. " I don't know what's the matter with her, nurse," whispered Mary Driscoll, the young mother, a girl of only 17 years, and I took up the wee thing and tried to soothe it. " This is the first time she has cried since morning, and you know how cross she is usually." I walked softly up and down sooth ing its pitiful cries. Presently the feeble wails ceased, and the baby dropped off to sleep when I laid it down beside the mother. Then I saw it was time to dress an abscess which had been lanced in the afternoon. This being done I re plenished the fire and sat down to my writing, which I was able to continue without interruption for more than an hour and a half. So absorbed was I in my letters that I had almost entirely forgotten Catherine —when suddenly the strokes of the big ward-clock sounded twelve. I shivered with that uncanny, creepy feeling which we often experience at the hour of midnight. For a time I ceased writing and peered nervously from the cheery kitchen to the dimly lighted ward. But I neither saw nor heard any sign of the supernatural, and after a little persuaded myself that the ghost either only existed in the imagination of my informants, or that I was not going to be favored with a visit. Then I took a tour round the ward to see that all was right. Mary Driscoll's baby lay asleep, and I paused beside the bed noting by the shaded light of my candle how frail and pallid the little creature looked. It had been a fine strong baby at its birth, but somehow for the last week or two it seemed to be fading away and gradually growing weaker. I returned to the kitchen and re commenced mv letters, I had been writing for, perhaps, half an hour, when suddenly an icy breath seemed to enter the room, and in some in palpable way surrounded me, I felt a chilly horror that something unseen, something from another world, was beside me. For a moment my heart seemed to stand still, and then bounded on in wild throbs. I dropped my pen and started to my feet, look ing wildly round. Though nothing was to be seen, I felt in my inward consciousness that a visitant from the spirit land was beside me. Suddenly I heard a long and heavy sigh behind me, and turned hastily to see nothing but the blank walls. Yet. whence had come that sigh which I heard so distinctly ? Just at this moment there was a lond shriek from the ward, and seizing a candle I hurried in. Mary DriscolL was sitting up in the bed with blanched Face and staring eyes. She held her baby closely to her breast. "Nurse ! Nurse ! " she shrieked, her eyes looking to the closed door beyond me, " Don't you see her, don't you see her?" 'Who, Mary, who?" I said follow ing her wild gaze and seeing nothing. "That woman, that little woman with the grey dress?" she gasped out. " Ah, she has gone now. Oh, nurse, she came and laid her finger on my baby's head, and I know 'twill die," and she sank back moaning. While forcing myself to show a composure, I tried to soothe her and pacify the other patients who had been roused by Mary's shriek and were sitting up with terrified faces. 'Let me take the baby, Mary," I said, and rising it up 1 carried it out to the kitchen. The child lay limp and motionless in my arms. I thought it was in a sound sleep. but when the bright light fell on its little face I started back in terror. For the baby's eyes were fixed and staring, and I saw at once that it was quite dead. This was my first, and I trust it will be my last experience of ghosts. The doctors held a post mortem on Mary's baby and found that it had died of heart disease. 