The Red Warder of The Reef. By JOHN ARTHUR BARRY ' Left in your room, eh ?' queried the other, jokingly. ' Well, my son, you'll have to, find it, tooth or no tooth. It's worth, my jacket to let' you out without it. Now, then, off you go and get your ticket.' That, however, was more than even he dare do ; although, for a moment, the thought occurred to him to return and kill Sullivan, and then possess himself of the pass lying on the dead body in the hammock. But he was now unarmed. Sullivan was a big, powerful man. No, plainly, there was nothing for it but a dash. 'Where he stood was somewhat in the shadow. Even now, Sullivan might have taken it into his head to have a look at his prisoner. He could hear steps ap- proaching. The constable on duty was, too, he thought, eyeing him suspiciously. In a second his resolution was taken. From the shadows of the porch he might still have made a dart, preserving his in- cognita, his escapade set down to pain, and the knowledge that he had lost his pass. All these alternatives flitted across liis brain in a space of time measureable by a dozen heart-beats. Realizing that that his case was desperate indeed, all the old murderous bravado rose up strong and fierce within him. He began to see red. Armed, he would have killed the man who stood there in his path, as he had so lately killed the other one. Sud- denly, tearing off his bandages and push ing his cap away from his eyes, he thrust a distorted, furious face into the light. The guard stepped back appalled, and the next min ute a crashing blow from the other's fist sent him reeling to the ground. Another minute, and the mur- derer was through the gate and speed ing along the road to the town, ankle deep in powdery dust that rose in white clouds into the white moonlight. Zip, zip, ping, ping, came the bullets as the man on the watch-towers fired at the flying form, whilst the great bell rang out sharp and- quick ; and hurrying half-dressed warders snatched up their Martinis and ran, firing as they went at the pillar of dust ahead. Ping, Pino-, szz, szz ! How the bullets hissed and whistled past him down the hill, kicking up little splotches of dust far in front ! And how that infernal bell rang ! He hated bells ! Always had done so, since the old days at Arawatta home stead, when a boy, at the call of one, he rose at dawn to tramp through the wet grass after the station saddle-horses. If ever he owned a station, he'd, take good care to have a night-horse kept in. Ah ! that was a hit ! he could feel the blood running down his leg into his boot. If he only had hold of the fellow that fired that shot ! He did not in the least know where he was making for, never having been at the port before, nor, indeed., anywhere except ' Out Back ' ; but still he kept going, and still the bullets sang past him aud pecked at the dust in front. The way lay all down hill. In front of him he could see the harbour, and the masts of the shipping, clear in the moonlight. Behind him he could hear the muffled tramp or many steps. He felt weak, and staggered once or twice. All at once he became aware of shouts coming to waul? him. But by this he was at the foot of the steep decent on the brow of which was placed the gaol. To the right the road wound towards the heart of the town. To the left, close to the soa-beaoh, were some sheds and yards, stacks of timber, jetties and a small coaster or two. Dust was rising ahead, evidently from police or townspeople aroused by the firing and bell-ringing, and hastening towards the gaol. It was worse than use Jess to go on. The rifles were quiet now. Where he crouched in the shadow of a paling fence, his pursuerers could not seen him. A storm, too, was coming up, find black clouds were already throwing their reflection on the white ground. Rising he crept along the fence, till, finding a broken paling, he tore it out and squeezed through. He was in a yard; a long shed from which rose a chimney took up one side. There was a smell of hot iron and fresh paint in, the air; his feet crunched cinders. Right against him loomed a big, curiously shaped mass, whose possible use puzzled him as he limped into the shadow of it, and gave it a moment's vague speculation, whilst heavy rain-drops splashed hollowly on its iron skin. At the height of his shoul- der was an aperture big enough for him to get through, and so into the belly of the thing. He could hear his pursuers cursing the gloom at the other side of the fence. Just as well in there as any where else ! And putting all his strength into the effort, he drew himself up by his wrists until lie got his head in ; and then, holding on by a cross -stay, he wriggled his whole body through. He was a tall man ; but swinging from the stay he could touch no bottom. Deciding to let go, he, however, only had to drop some three feet. And wherever he sat he sat on a slope, a matter that seemed so funny to him that he laughed aloud, whilst the lightning flashed and the thunder roared, and the tropical rain fell in streaming sheets over his re- fuge — kept dry by reason of the en- trance being on the under side. The in cessant lightning illumined his cavern continuously, enabling him to discover that his wound was not serious — a bullet had passed through the fleshy part of his thigh ; and, tearing up a kerchief he found in the pocket of the constabulary tunic, he soon extemporized an efficient bandage. In another pocket he came across a plug of tobacco, of which taking a chew he lay back and stolidly awaited what fortune might have further in store for him. CHAPTER IV. In spite of his wound, which smarted, Combo Carter slept until awakened by a voice : at the mouth of his shelter, where Sam Johnson and a group of his men were conversing. 'It's the most extraordinary thing I ever heard of!' remarked Johnson. "He's disappeared as if he was a ghost." "The storm did it," said another. "He got away under cover of that, with the traps close at his heels." "But where to?" asked a boyish voice. "The police swear they were close to him when the storm, broke— just near our fence here. I wouldn't have him escape for the worth of my right hand! I can't help fancying, yet. that he's planted somewhere about the waterside. If you don't mind. Mr. Johnson, I'll just have one more look." "Look and welcome. Master Stratton," replied the owner of the foundry. "But every corner's been turned upside down, and no sign. I believe, myself, he's collared a boat, and is out at sea by this time." At the name of Stratton the hidden listener had pricked up his ears. Could this be the son of the bank manager that he had shot, after killing his father? It was funny if such should be the case. And he was not left long in doubt. "Poor young chap," remarked one of the men. "I knew his father well, afore that brute Combo did for 'im. Plugged the kiddy, too, did'nt he, boss ?" "Wounded him badly," replied John- som."His mother wanted him to take a billet in the bank after he came out of the hospital. They offered him one at once, but he couldn't bear the notion. So they apprenticed him to me. Smart and handy he's turned out, ton. Did most of the work on the "Red Warder" here, besides drawing the plans for him. Now, lads, some of you go up to the Marine Storeyavd and get the trolly to put the "Warder" on. They're going to take him out in the afternoon, as soon as poor Ashton's buried." "Yes, decidedly, ' thought the mur- derer, hardly able to repress a chuckle, as he crouched away from the circular globe of light, ' it wan funny that the son of the man he had shot because he wouldn't put up his hands when ordered should have been the one to have the biggest share in building this splendid hiding place. No one would ever dream of searching for him there. That was evident. At night fall he would come out, and, if he could but steal a horse, he might yet be able to snap his fingers at them all. And they were, apparently, going to take the thing he was in away somewhere. Up country ; perhaps on the railway, Likely enough it was a new fangled tank for use on a station ; maybe, to dip sheep in, If they'd only drop a bit of tucker in, he'd be fixed right up to the knocker. But, failing that, the bacca'd have to stand to him.' So ran the villain's thought^, as already in his mind's eye he saw himself once more free, and back again in his own haunts, or even farther out — right across to the Territory. ; By-and-bye, he heard a voice close to the hole say : "No news ?" "None," was the reply, in the same youthful tones he recognised as young Stratton's. 'Port Endeavor's been searched from top to bottom without success. Now a party has gone inland, and others down the harbor along each shore. I came back because I thought the "Warder's" lid was a trifle big for the slot, and I knew the Board people wouldn't care about being kept waiting now they've got their moorings ready at the reef." Then there was a sound of chipping as of a cold chisel upon iron, and, presently something was clapped into the man-hole, fitting so closely as to show n ot the faintest gleam of light. Sud- denly the buoy was rolled over, shaking and bruising its occupant considerably, and causing him to mutter deep curses as he picked himself up and sought vainly for something to hold on to. The darkness was intense, and the heat, engendered by the sun beating on the iron plates all the morning, grew almost unbearable now that the only opening was closed. In desperation the wretch stripped off his clothes and lay naked : on them, with the hot iron burning his skin wherever it touched. All at once he felt that his shelter had been lifted up bodily and was moving. The heat grew fiercer, and the sweat poured off him like rain. But he set his teeth aud suffered it. Presently he felt the thing he was in moving with a new motion. Swinging through the air this time, whilst a dim rattle came to his ears. This was when the "Warder" was being hoisted on to the Marine Board tender ' Thetis, ' Captain Haynes; and the rattle was the noise of her steam winch. It grew somewhat cooler now. But presently, another and an altogether novel motion puzzled him. He had cer- tainly never experienced anything like it before. It was not that of a railway. And what could be making him pant so distressfully and draw his breath with such difficulty ? Air ! air! in Heaven's name ! He fumbled about in the inky blackness for the lid he had seen them put on, bruising his fingers and tearing his nails against clenched rivets. But he had lost all sense of locality, and kept groping upward for the manhole when it was, in fact, under his feet. Nor would it have availed him any could he have found it — cunningly turned and slotted, and caulked with red lead and oakum, already as hard as adamant. Denser and denser grew the atmosphere ; his breath came and went in wheezy pantings. There was a weight as of .tons pressing on his chest, and his heart hit his ribs like a hammer. For, perhaps, the first time in his life terror came upon him. Where was he ? What was being done to him ? And as he staggered here and there, bruised and bleeding, against the hot sides of his prison, gasping for breath, all at once his feet touched the murdered constable's handcuffs that, together with his belt he had put on years ago — it seemed — in the gaol. Picking them up, he battered with all his feeble, sobbing might against the iron plates of the dreadful trap in which he had been snared. Suddenly the thing changed its posi- tion to an upright one, and he fell head long down to the bottom of it and lay there doubled up, the burning heat of his body turned in a moment to chilling cold ; his chest felt as if it were bursting and strange flaming shapes rushed hither and thither before his staring eyes. The dismal tolling of a bell, too, rang in his ears ! . . . Now he knew ! . . , They had hanged him at last. That was the prison bell. . , . He wasn't quite dead yet, though. . , . Swinging at the end of the rope, . . Curse them all ! .................................... "Didn't you fancy you heard some- thing rattling and knocking when we lowered the "Warder" over the side, Haynes ?' asked the President of the Marine Board as the ' Thetis ' steamed homeward from the Cat and Kittens. 'Rivet heads and an odd bolt or two,' replied, the old skipper, shortly, casting a look back to where the great red buoy swung well out of the water, rocking and nodding to a westerly cross- swell, whilst to their ears came very distinctly the sullen booming of the bell. 