IN FRONT AND BEHIND. (By Valentine Bay.) THE WEEK'S PROGRAMME. The Criterion — The Power of Wealth; Hamlet on Friday. The Tivoli — Billie Barlow. The Royal — Absent-Minded-Beggar. Her Majesty's — The Rose of Persia. The Palace — What Happened to Jones. Cyclorama — Jerusalem and Illusions. New play, Criterion, Isn't a dreary 'un. Writ by one Lincoln, While some folks were winkin* On the murder and melee Of Marie Corelli, Yclept The Vendetta— Go see it— feel bettah ! It's a yarn of Romani, A count of Trapani, Who was subject to trances And Yitus's Dances ; In one of these falling He is buried 'mid squalling, And sufficient emotion To o'erflow an ocean, By his wife's cicisbeo Without any delay, oh He soon quits his coffin — No mattter for scoffin' — To find nothing tarries And Nina soon marries With Guido Ferrari, A sort of Macari. Hubby dons a disguise then And on them he spies then ; His wife and the painter — The wanton, ffittainter ; And with gold from the grave he Buys over the slavey, And then wins his Nina — So gay— poverina ! Then removing his patches In duel despatches He, Nina's once lover Scared this ghost to discover ! Then he leada off the lady, By aveuues shady, Down into the gloom Of what once was his tomb, Where the millions lie bedded He has to his credit. And she— wishing to share 'em Ere entering his harem — Is decoyed to a vault In revenge for her fault. Revealing his features, She squawkB— like such creatures ; Then, while calling her bad 'un, And mad 'un, and sad 'un, And threatening to lick her, And stick her, and kick her— An earthquake arriving, Ends fuming and striving— And The Power of the Wealthy Appears far from healthy ! At the Tivoli, Billie Barlow has give up her practice of addressing personal endearments to members of the orchestra and now distributes them in the auditorium. This sort of thing is very well for those who like that sort of thing ; to me it has always appeared a vulgar impertinence which no manager should permit. The Patterson Bros, are still doing big things on the horizontal bar. The Haytors have returned and the slim one is as quaint and inverte brate as ever. Carleton and Sutton are again showing there. At the Her Majesty's matinee last week, Ruby Bowring, understudy to Ada Winston, temporarily played the Sultana. The young Australian soprani sang at one of the Lieder \ tafel concerts last year with much success and her debut in opera was also promising. Harry Shine has melted out of the cast— rhe had a poor part and he made a poor fist of it — his place has been taken by W. B. Beattie who at all events has a voice — speaking and singing. We have had so many conflicting accounts as to what Bland Holt is to put up after the A.M.B. at the Royal that it appears probable that the actor - manager has forgotten what. He may, however, put up Othello and play Lady Macbeth him self, while Charlie Brown will be the Juliet, and Walter Baker the Ophelia. It is one of the dreams of my life to see Bland Holt in a tragic part. The Ethel Grey Comedy and Dramatic Co. is now up Gympie way. The Narelle-Lemmone Company is touring Queensland. Will Whitburn won't let Barring ton boss him at the Bijou. Continually confused with her deceased mother, Antoinette Trebelli has changed her stage name to Dolores. At London Savoy, after an eight months' run, The Pirates of Penzance replaces The Rose of Persia. Julius Knight and Elliott Page are touring England with Forget-me-Not and other well-known plays. All the plans for Harry Rickards' new Melbourne theatre have been accepted. It will cost £35,000. In 18516, Williamson was running the Edith Crane and Nat Goodwin Companies ; this year he has the former and Nance O'Neil. The new city organist does not appear to be breaking things. None | of the aldermen are sick, however. .... Last Monday a coucert was given at the Paddington Town Hall in aid of the Indian Famine Fund, Millie Primrose debuts at the Y.M.C.A. hall on 3rd September in aid of the Indian Famina Fund. Mrs. Beresford Brodie gives a piano recital at Nicholson's on 5th September. It is not her first there. The tenth anniversary of the foun dation of the North Sydney Orphans was held last week at the local School of Arts. Basso Gerard Millar, the accom plished coon interlocutor of the Georgias, has married a Melbourne girl whom he takes to Paris. j Williamson's lady principals are miserably weak. Musgrove will sing - him blind if he doesn't wake up. Ada Parr, a pupil of Maud Fitz Stubbs, gave a piano recital at the Centenary Hall last Wednesday. Freida Miller gave a successful piano recital at the Y.M.C.A. Hall last Wednesday evening. Dr. Matthew Ennis, an English pianist, will give a recital at the Y.M.C.A. Hall on September 11th. F. M. Alexander, teacher of sing ing, gives a vocal recital at the Cen tenary Hall on September 1st. It appears that the Earl of Yar mouth is allowed £300 a year by his father, the Marquis of Hertford. Said Baritjne Maurel : ' When God has created a perfect idiot, He says to him : ' You shall be a tenor.' ' Maurel was jealous of Tenor Tamagno who got £400 a night while Maurel got only £80. That tawny Norseman, Louis J. Lolir has been making arrangements during the week for Charles Arnold's Palace season, . Charles Arnold opens at the Palace to-night in What Happened to Jones —a Melbourne record- maker, 52 nights. The other week Adelaide Critic apoke about Howard Chambers when it meant Haddon Chambers. By the way, his alleged play, The Tyranny of Tears, did not do over well in Melbourne. Poor stuff ! Williamson talks of building anew gallery at Mtlbourne Her Majesty's. The new stalls entrance is a great improvement. Jack Campbell is now out in Queensland ahead of the Valdares who have a company of 20 artists with them. Goatcher is assisted with Mus grove's scenery by W. R. Coieman. They work at Melbourne Opera House. T. Patten, originally a draper in Fitzroy, must be a man of sense — he is now said to have renounced the stage for the counter. The ignorance and selfishness of the lady who wears a big hat in the theatre is only equalled by the vul garity of her who wields a noisy tongue. Joe Fynney, Maggie Moore's American advance, leads off on tour Percy Ward, Madge Corcoran, and some Yanks as the Australian Comedy Co ! Nat Goodwin nearly settled him self with an overdose of morphia — taken for insomnia — at Butte city, Montana. They say that Mrs. Potter has dyed her hair red and that Nellie Stewart intends to dazsle Australia with Parisian costumes. Donald Macdonald always talks to one person in his audiences — cricketer Iredale, Charles Kenningham, George Rignold ! Who is the Essie Esdaile Mason, actress of Melbourne, who seeks divorce from Herbert Baskerville Mason on account of desertion ? Gertrude Elliott joins Forbes Robertson as leading lady. She started with Nat Goodwin in small parts here in '96, Mdlle. Edmunda, Dante's widow, goes on tour with his tricks as soon as bahy is strong enough to stand travel. Beatrice Day, who played the French maid in The Little Minister here with Pattie Browne, joins Frank de Jongh as leading lady in South Africa. Fanny Bauer gives a grand concert at the Centenary Hall on Tuesday, 4th September uuder vice-regal patronage. Nance O'Neil opens at Adelaide Royal on September 1st in Magda. After four weeks there she goes to Brisbane. The Crane-Power Company open at Melbourne Her Majastys in Trilby on September 1st. They also play Tha Only Way, The Royal Divorce, and The Christian. Wirth's Circus is showing at Fre mantle. The cast includes two boxing ponies, a party of pigmies, high-j limping deer, a sacred elephant, and so on. The Outpost , Melbourne, has just discovered that Oscar Wilde was supposed to have brightened up The Tyranny of Tears for Haddon Chambers. Sydney Grundy's latest play is jailed A Debt of Honor. George Alexander produces it at London St. James on 1st. September. Considering that this was asserted to be Charles Wyndham's reason for its early withdrawal some eight or nine months ago, the Outpost must be posted in the rear. A new Australian Waxworks has been opened at Lawler Hall, George 9treet. Professor W. A. Davis, juggler and ventriloquist, is also on bap. A Museum of Art and Anatomy is now open at the Queen's Hall, Pitt - street. Lectures are given afternoon and evening, and George Barnes is at the wheel. The Biograph, lately showing at the Palace Theatre, is now at New castle. Thence it goes to New Zea land and returns to Sydney to show the Chinese films. Outpost , Melbourne, say3: ' Mana gers to be actors or actors to be managers must be good actors' — then it quotes Bland Holt as an illustration ! Beerbohm Tree's Oxford lecture on Shakespeare was to appear in the Fortnightly Reoino for July. It should make very good reading. Sara Bernhardt introduces now a cinematographe effect into L'Aiglon to simulate the spirits of the dead evoked from the battlefield by the Due de Reichstadt. The versatile and brainy Roland Watts-Phillips has temporarily adan doned the stage for letters — she writes some reminiscential papers for the Town and Country. The Woods-Williamson Co. is touringthe west coast of Tasmania and apparently doing very fair business. That they should succeed where the Carey - Plimmer crowd failed is peculiar. Quit says that Thomas Kingston on his Fedora performance ? alone is one of the finest actors that has ever trod the Australian stage '. Bad English and worse criticism. Qui% could never have seen Titheradge in the part. Ever since Adelina de Lara (Mrs. Thomas Kingston) came to Sydney, she has either not been going to give a recital or else going to give one. Up till now the noes have had it. She threatens now to give one early in October. Adelina de Lara is niece to Henry Russell, the once well-known vocalist and composer, and of course cousin to Clark Russell, the sea novelist. She was taught by Clara Schumann and is said to be a fine musician. The Ancelon-Bentley Company is playing W. H. Maddox's version of The Christian at the Academy of Music, Launceston. Othello follows. This company will probably show at the Lyceum ere long. But fancy, if you can, Ancelon playing Othello ! The Broughs close their Melbourne season with a number of revivals. They follow Nance O'Neil atAde laide Royal about the end of Septem ber. Thence they skip to Perth j»nd thence go eastward. For the time they have worked out the Australia vein. The Rivers Allpress' benefit concert at Sydney Town Hall was a great* success. During the evening the popular violinist was given a goi-V Y?fttcV by his pupils. Barring Nance O'Neil and McKee Rankin the Melbourne cast of Tess of the D'Urbervilles is inferior to that of Sydney. Mrs. Bracy could not look at Julia Merton as Mrs. Durley fie'd and Joseph Came is too wooden to play Alec. Rankin and Williamson have tardily discovered what was apparent to everyone else — that Nance O'Neil was being overworked. So she will end the Melbourne season with Ingo mnr, Hedda Gabler, and Magda. Clara Bntt married Ivennerley Rum ford, at Bristol, her birthplace, on June 26. Lily Hanbivy was among the bridesmaids. They went oft* salmon fishing in Norway. Practis ing the scales ? Arthur Somervell, examiner of music, is best known in Sydney by his Shepherd's Cradle song, though his Ode to the Sea is also fine. He also examines throughout this colony ere leaving for Melbourne, Adelaide, and Hobart. A severe cold, according to Signor Steffani, lost Florence Schmidt a chance to appear as Gilda in Rigoletto at Mantua. She refused to appenr as Amina in La Sonnambula at a day's notice. Cecil Raleigh, author of Hearts Are Trump? — one of Bland Holt's new plays — and many other lurid melo dramas, has been engaged by Arthur Collins to write the Drury Lane autumnal horrors for the next three years. Frederick William Hawkins, once Times critic, one .of the founders of the Theatre , author of two works on the French st lge and a biography on Edmund Kean, died recently of paralysis of the brain in London. Another yarn is that George Musgrove's prima-donna is to be Mme, Caro Roma, an American who is married to a Scotchman, writes verses, composes music, and is an artist all round. Ida Gresham, Helen Fergus, Georgie Leighford, Temple Harrison, Laurence Dunbar, and Augustus Glover are with William Anderson's Two Little Drummer Boys Company at Adelaide. This may account for the break-up of The Alhainbra Girl Company mentioned last week. Actor Franklin M' L my of America, died recently in London, aged 26. It was only the other day that he married Gracie Warner. M'Leay is said to have been one of the most promising actors on the British stage. According to Marcus Mayer, Sara Bernhardt rang down the curtain at Philadelphia in '8 L on the first act of Frou Frou, because it was too cold to act and she wanted to go to bed. She just walked off the stage and told him to give the people their money back. At Mobile, Mayer had to return the money to the biggest house ever seen there, because Sara in the supper scene of Camille drove her fork so far into the bivast of a papier-mache duck that she could not haul it out. This made her laughi so heartily that she was rendered incapable. W. R. Sinnotte desires us to state that he did not send Contralto Eva Buck to New Zealand, bat that he h»ts booked Maud Chefcwynd, a sing ing soubrette with a mezzo-soprano voice, for a six months' season with - Williamson. He expects to send ] the Galardy Sisters (now with Jones j and Lawrence at Perth) and Jack i Williams to Manila by the next c mailt The Sisters Phillips and Joe r Edmunds return by next mail. Heba Barlow, who arrived from Manila recently, is still seriously ill. Looking at the balance-sheet of that benefit engineered by Madame L'Eclair for the sick troops, one feels curious to know why £50 was charged as rent for the Lyceum for one night, and why it was also necessary to pay £ 13 for the use of a hall for rehearsals. Further, why £11 3s 7d. should have been spent in decorating and furnishing the vice-regal box. Was it anticipated that Boauchamp would come and live there when turned out oE Government Hou-e by Lyne ? Alfred Dampier thus artistically advertises Hamlet : — The man of Aeschylus, Prometheus — the man of Shakespeare, Hamlet. Hamlet, less gigantic than Prometheus, but more human. Hamlet, complete in incom pleteness. All, in order to be noth ing. He is prince and demagogue, sagacious and extravagant, profound and frivolous. He rails at the throne, has a student for his comrade, argues with the first comer, understands the people, despises the mob, hates violence, distrusts success, questions obscurity and is on speaking terms with mystery. He communicates to others JQM^adies that he has not himseUMffis feigned madness inocu lates his mistress with real madness He jests with the axe of Orestes in his hand. He talks literature, recites verses, composes a theatrical criticism, dumbfounds his mother, avenges his father, and closes the dread drama of his life and death with a gigantic note of interrogation. — Victor Hugo George Edwardes proposes to add on a little parlor to some of the private boxes at the new Gaiety theatre, so that if a man is bored by the piece, he may read the evening paper — before a fire in cold weather. It is said that Edwardes will play a season oE French opera- bouffe or light comic opera at Daly's. He is negotia ting Eor another theatre. A striking picture of a day in Sara Bernhardt's life by Rostand : — A brougham stops at the door ; a woman, enveloped in furs, jumps out, threads her way with a. smile through the crowd attracted by the jingling of the bells on the harness, and mounts a winding stair ; plunges into a room crowded with flowers and heated like a hot-house ; throws her little be-ribboned handbag with its apparently inexhaustible contents into one corner, and her be-winged hat into another ; takes off her furs and instantaneously dwindles into a mere scabbard of white silk ; rushes on to a dimly-lighted stage and immediately I puts life into a whole crowd of listless, ?yawning, loitering folk ; dashes back wards and forwards, inspiring every one with her own feverish energy ; goes into the prompter's box, arranges her scenes, points out the proper gesture and intonation, ri^es up in wrath and insists on everything being done over again ; shouts with fury ; sits down, smiles, drinks tea and begins to rehearse her own part ; draws tears from case-hardened actors who thrust their enraptured heads out of the wings to watch her ; returns to her room, where the decorators are waiting, demolishes their plans and reconstructs them ; collapses, wipes her brow with a lace handkerchief and thinks of fainting ; m idenly rushes up to the fifth floor, nvades the premises of the astonished iostumier, rummages in the ward obes, makes up a costume, pleats and adjusts it ; returns to her room and teaches the figurantes how to dres their hair ; has a piece read to her while she makes bouquets ; listens o hundreds of letters, weeps over some tale of misfortune, and opens the inexhaustible little chinking handbag; confers with an English perruquier ; returns to the stage to superintend the lighting of a scene, objurgates the la rips and reduces the electrician to a state of temporary insanity ; sees a super who has blundered the day before, remembers it, and overwhelms him with her indignation ; returns to her room for dinner ; sits down to table splendidly pale with fatigue ; ruminates her plans ; eats with peals of Bohemian laughter ; has no time to finish ; dresses for the evening performance while the manager re ports from the other side of a curtain; acts with all her heart and soul ; dis cusses business between the acts ; re mains at the theatre after the per formance, and makes arrangements until three o'clock in the morning ; does not make up her mind to go until she sees her staff respectfully endeavouring to keep awake ; gets into her carriage ; huddles herself into her furs and anticipates the de light of lying down and resting at last ; bursts out laughing on remem bering that someone is waiting to read her a five-act play; returns home, listens to the piece, becomes excited, weeps, accepts it, finds she cannot sleep, and takes advantage of the opportunity to study a part ! The Seymour Dramatic Company last week played at the Crystal Theatre, Broken Hill ' The Hand of Crime.' The dramatist had pre sumably raked his plot and ' book ' from the penny sanguinary novelettes and the performance was painful to witness. These sensational t-hows when well staged and acted are a success with a section of the theatre going community ; but Barrierites have repeatedly shown themselves not partial to biood and thunder plays. The Seymour Dramatic Company have not at all caught on in Broken Hill. Miss Seymour, as the heroine, was afforded no opportunities of dis playing talent. Mr. Bryer, as the villain, was neither one thing nor the other. Sometimes he runted with a hold, penny show, Richard III, ex pression in his face ; anon he would adopt a meek cringeing atti tude. Mr. C. W. Beikeley, as the hero, needed to moderate his gesticu lation and be less affected. Fred Cambourne made all he could out of ' Dobb,' the gardener. Mr. Clias. Stuart showed himself more adapted to a pantomime policeman than to the character he played — a clergy man. Miss Kate Towers, as Polly Sparkes, played her part well, and Mr. Geo. Chalmers, as Burly Bill, the convict, must be accorded pride of place as exhibiting the best act ing. He proved himself an actor, and his was the only performance that deserves high praise. (Barrier notes received too late for insertion last week ) The Elbotou will always be glad to receive notes from its country readers. A Queensland paper tells of a baby born without brains who died in a few minutes. We can see nothing remarkable in his being born. The wonder was that he died, instead of growing up and being elected to Parliament. 