A FATHER'S WILL OR HER OWN MISTRESS. A LOVE ROMANCE. CHAPTER II (coNT'xINU). " So this is, the. only- settlement to which you will consent, O'S ca?"' David- Hartley asked, in an..anxious tone. " I swear I did not dream that you cared for the girl !" '" I did not !" O'Shea's smooth, oily voice made Myra wince. ' I have never felt the slightest interest in her, one way or another, until to-day. Have you never heard of such a thing as being won by negative virtues? of being attracted by repellent forces? I never gave Myra Hartley a serious thought; and I came here to-day, in tending fully to try and get loose from this foolish entanglement, if that had been possibe, but you know the .diffi culty. I was prepared to settle that money matter with you in the most . oblig~igiiinier. But now I have met her again, the little. vixen ! and, I declare, Hartley, I admire her more *than I have ever admired a woman in my life before, and I am determined to make her my wife ! This paper, in my possession, shall be destroyed upon the day that Myra Hartley marries me: otherwise-well, you know the alternative. It will beggar you, Hart ley, just at this crisis-in your financial affairs." But the money I must have" "Luncheon !" announced a servant at the library-door. The two men arose and left the room together, and neither of them noticed the little grey-robed figure just outside the windows, standing like a marble statue, where those words of Tristram O'Shea had transfixed her. And then Fate-intervened in the shape of the south wind. It wandered in at the open window, fluttered about among the papers which Hartley and O'Shea had left upon the desk, and, suddenly lifting a written sheet, wafted it through the casement and deposited it upon the ground at Myra's feet. A moment later she had captured it, and was about to toss it back through the open window, when these words met her gaze: " £20,000. " One year from date I promise to pay Tristram O'Shea twenty thousand pounds sterling. for value received. " ERNEST HARTLEY. Ravenswood, Parramatta. September ist, 8S-." Across the back of the note was the iname of David Hartley as endorser; while below, still in David Hartley's well-known hand, the date only a few days previous to the death, these words: •' Failing to liquidate the above debt; I agree to give to Tristram O'Shea the hand of my daughter, Myra Hartley, in marriage, the said marriage to take place on her nineteenth birthday. ERNEST HARTLEY. And just below : "March 8th, 8S-. TRISTRAt O'SHEA." She stood there like one suddenly. deprived of life-stricken blind and dumb before the sudden horror of this unexpected blow. She could neither move nor speak. The blood surged in her brain; her heart throbbed so tumultuously that she thought it was going to burst.. She turned with a swift. angry ges ture, and, crumpling the paper into a ball-the paper which contained that dastardly bargain-flung it wrathfully back into the library, and hastened away. She then went into the house and went through the form of eating, and drank a cup of coffee, and then announced herself ready to go. A hasty but affectionate farewell to Mrs Rice. the housekeeper, and Myra fol lowed her uncle out into the sunshine to where the carriage stood waiting, the baggage having gone on before. Somebody else stood waiting also, and Myra's heart contracted with a deadly pang as her eyes fell upon Tristraith O'Shea. He started forward to assist her into the carriage, but she shrank from his touch, "Say good-bye, Myra," holding out his firm, white hand. "Good.bye, with the greatest of 3leasure," she returned, icily. And :hen her eyes fell upon the old house -the gaunt, grey, old mansion, with its countless windows and gables, and its home-like air ' :"Good-bye, dear old Ravenswood," the half sobbed. But O'Shea seemed determined that she should leave some sign of re lenting. " You do not hate me, do you, Myra ?" he pleaded eagerly, in a low, earnest tone. Her eyes swept his tall, elegant figuro with a glance of superb scorn. "I have already txpressed iny opinion of you, Mr O'Shea." she said, in a slow frigid voice. " I have only one remark to add: I have seen the bill of sale-the shameful contract between papa and you. If I could have despised you more thorloughly than before---" She stopped sho,rl, ?ale and panting. He was cringig bIefolre her like a craven. Low under his breath he stifled an execration. This was soime thing for which he had not been lIe pared. And hiile he stood there speechless and mnotiolnkss the coach man whipped up the horses and the carriage rolled away, and he stood gazing after it with eyes full of disap pointment, anger, and chagrin. "' Bad luck! " he ejaculated sharly as he turned upon his heel and re cntered the house. He imarched straight 'o.the library and found tihe palper uponi the floor-that ,:luel ..on tract-smoothel it carefully out, antd put it away in his. note-book,;a dark frown upon his brow, his'- lips- tightly comlpressed. .. "Beautiful, wilful, little witch! 1 will win her yet. My chances are.nbt altogether hopeless. Dlvid Hartly is the indorser of the note. lle is good for the money, but he is as close in money. matters as any old miser, anid it would'be like takingt hs life to force him to pay the sum. . A tidy little.suml it is too.. It. will cripple tIhe Hartiey finances ire:triv.ably j.trt noiiw. I would not givei a penny for the old man's future.prospelity ti he is forced to pay this money. And he lknows it, and that is the secret if his readiness to help lme. Lo.t me sce: ,his is the first week in April, and the lnote, will be due the thirdnS day ?of S.rellnher.i: 'A great deal can hap}ien iii ihat time !" Ah I if Mr Tristram O'Shea could I only have known how nmuch would take place within that inter val Thus, then. Myra left ihe .home ) Where she had passed most. of, the years of her childhood. As has been remarked, her father, during his life- c time, had never shown her any real affection, and since the death of Mrs Hartley the motherless girl had found I in Mrs Rice (the old housekeeper) the only true friend abort the place. For any who knew anything of the girl there could hardly fail to be e x perienced the conlviction that Myra was worthy of their regard and affec tion She was impulsive by nature,' but she possessed many admirable s traits of character, which if rightly de veloped. go to the making of a 'true and estimable woman. She was firm and unswerving in her helief of truth and -complete rectitude of word' and act and all that bordered on tbe un real or the false in the slightest degree was detestable to her. Young as she was, she nevertheless had fairly gauged Mr Tristram O'Shea. She could never feel the least approach of affection for him, and to marry hiim under any cir- i cumstances could riever be. Especially I now that she had become acquainted with the fact of the cruel arranigement s her dead father had made as' to her disposal-now indeed iarriage with this man was an utter impossibiitty. Now she 'had bidden farewell to Ravenswood: never more would she roam happily and contented:y throuigh the lovely dales of the mnost richly wo'oled part of Parramatta.' That was e now a thing of the pastt: c And. what.evss beforei 'her is'nthle t immnlediate futuref The irospeeit ofi .l most uuinteresting stay: at her uncle's house, which was in North Sidney. She had nev-er: cared for either Mrs I)avid Hartley or for that lady's I daughter, Blanche. Nor was .she to be blamed for this, secsiig that both mother and daughter had tastes wholly at variance with her own. Myra was one who enj'yed G d's world and the innocence an I beatiuty of. Nature herself, and could experience feelings and thoughts of a far mdre ennobling 'kind than those which engrossed her aunt and B anche, whose whole aim inI life seemed to be pleasure, and nothing but pleasule - which p!easuru they tied to extract in doing all theyi could to keep.pace with 'what is called Society. For many a night after her arrival at St Elm?-a' beautiful 'place enough, nestling as it were and overlooking the beautiful harbour-- po6r" Myra had cried herself to sleep. Hcrlife seemed to be so different from .`hat it hid been, and she was continually annoyed by her uncle's constaritly'rmninding her 'that her marriage witli Tristrim O'Shea would have to take placel ' About a fortnight after her arrivil at her incle's a grand ball took place, and to'this Myra:had been looking forward with some little hope that it' might af ford her both diversion arid pleasure. The night of this ball 'arrived at last. She dressed carefully for the occa sion. She attired herself in a becoming gown of soft, gauzy black, cut square in the neck, and with sleeves which displayed her round white arms. She looked quite stately as shetripped down the stairs and went out into the grounds adjoining. A temporary ballroom had been erected outside the house, the gardens were bcautifully illutminated with China lanterns arranged for the occasion in variotus artist;c ways atmidst the foliage. A brilliant scene was revealed as the beautifully-attired members of her own sex flitted about in company with the regulation dress-suit of thile men, while here and Ihere goirgeous dress iilitary t unifoims made an attractive variation to the glossy black ceats of the others present. And thei: the lmusic hurst forth into seductive mielodtly, and the dancing celntise'ced. \l yia wanldered dotwn tihro'tsh the spacious gtunds ate) inrtii te il nerry crtowd, aniid after a tite, 11ite tired outs, sank d()1w7n1 ultln0 a Ils5i5c seat beneath a tallivei-oak Si waisisout t f ra 'g- of tite Ci s Int_ , u s hilt ihe aidan't Ilght she saw the 1 igutre of a lIan co ming straight towauds hr-a graceful iwcli-k:it filu e witi. hlandso;t e, clear cut toe tures, aughling g, cy y)'es, and a Ssilkv ibrown n1lst::chilc .tI e ame ' de 'ii.ra~tc vtef 1 O C1 IIL row . ei5,u s s5t Stiog, and M;.ra startid ,ith a cry of reetolnitio0n. A irllrluiit later and lie ihad her iatl in his, aud said in a whisper : " i'ii knew that I waI not mistaken " I SSo odd that wac sictu' d liltt again itsre Am no ;10 i' is intu !o i:tro:duce myself. I am Charlie-Charlie O'Shea, you know-Trtstram's younger brother." He seated himself coolly by her side and time went by on golden wings. Two whole hours- two delightful hours -went by; Myra unmissed-alas! who was there to miss or mourn her ? and Charlie believed to have been sud denly called away. But the pleasant interview came to a close at last, and the new-formed friends separated. Myra re-entered the house, stole up to her own room unobserved, and re tired, but not to sleep. She had too touch to occupy her thoughts, as she turned and, tossed on her. white bed, while before ner memory there flashed pesiatently 'a 'handsome face. and laughilig grey eyes .which haunted her= with their tender light. And so at last morning stole insat the window and ushered in the new 'day that day. which was dsIined to be both dark and woeful for her. For the morning light revealed: a gruesomespi-ctacle-.a somethinig which MJIla cultd never forget. SCHAPTER IM. S AFTER THE BALL.? :: .Myra went slowly downstairs and en tered the breakfast-room. It was quite empty, so she had it all to herself. She went over to the open window and stood gazing out upon the grounds, not yct'.rccovered from the effects of:last nighlt's dissipation. SIt's a shame to spoil the garden so comipletcly just for one night's amuse ment." She expressed her opinion aloud, and it reached the ears of David,Hartley. Jnst outside the window he was smok ing a matutinal cigar. His face looked wan and troubled in the bright, search ing sinlhght. e' -It turned his head idly, and a shadow dat kened his face. 't Ah ! good morning,:Myra," he ob served, coldly. ",Glad to know that someone is up,at last. These horrid. late hours are enough to affect anyone's health, anid turning nightinto day p!ays mischief with a man's constitution no matter how sound., Well, Myra, I trust that you have found inclination to. con-. sider that matter of business ?" She started uneasily, Alas ! would he never let her rest ? Must she. be an iioyed front rorn to dewy eve with this ugly question staring her persistently in the face-this question which she has answered-but which David will not consider disposed of ? " \What business, Uncle David ?" she asked, sharply. David shrugged his shoulders. "Don't attempt to play iinocncLe !" he returned, grinmly. "' You know that I referi to T'ristram O'Shea." "Tl'ristraml O'Shea! Tristram O'Shea indeed I 1 have the very sound of his name'! Must I be haunted by it at every turn? Wheoever I go must I be contrbnted with a dark-faced Tristram O'She~, who--considers me his pro e nrlj.t? ind no wonder;, since he holds David Hartley started violently, with a muttered execration which he prudently suppressed. How in the world did this girl ever learn of the existence of that paper which he cahnot hide from himself ? . " What do you. mean ?" lie stam niercd. . . You are' using strong language, Myra-rather. strong.'". "It ietluires strong language to do justice to the-situation," she ?returned coldly. " Uncle David, I have seen thit note which: niy: father-my own father "-oh. the scorn in that sweet, ringing voice !-': signed and you en dirsed. On, shame upon such.m sanl hood--such parodies upon gentlemen! and ten thousand tiines more shame ful is the conduct of the man who -has made himself a party to the: transac tion ! Tristrani OShea is, too vile _to merit a woman's consideration. Now, Uncle David, let us drop this subject for good and-all. I am.heartily tired of it, and you are convinced by this time that it is of no .use-no earthly use! I will rever marry Tristram O'Shea-never, never !" David Hartley started up, nearly knocking his chair over as he did so. Never in all her short life had Myra seen him so angry, so fearfully, terribly angry. His eyes gleamed like steel points, his strong frame trembled with wrath. "You shall!" he hissed shrilly from between his set teeth. " Myra, you forget that I am implicated in this matter. I do not see how I ever allowed myself to be drawn into such a vortex, but Ernest possessed a smooth tongue and he wheeled me into it soomehow. And then besides--I do not object to confessing to you, Myra -he, your father, knew of a little business transaction of ,nine,--hich-,I desired to keep secret, and he stipu lated that the only terms upon which it sholtuld remain a secret were that I shiruld endorse this note whichi O'Shea holds. \oui father at the time \sas cnga.:ed in certain specurlations. He had borrowed thie mioney fromn O'Shea with which to commence operations, and there was every prospect of suc cess. He would have succeeded, I am conifideit, only he was taken away so surddenly. So you see, Myra, tihe Imatter lies in a nutshell. I must pay ithe rmoney and be ruined, my homne sold, imy wife and children become bCegg:rs. For, although twenty thou said 1irunds is not so very large a sltut, tihee are reason -good reasons -why just noiv thie loss of it would prve disa. .trous t. re I have miade all this uiplea.sant explanation, Myra, and now yon will see that there is no ctuitse in all ihumianity left you but obtwiLnce tr yourr lather's will." Thr- beautiful eyes flashed omin \My fathier's will was of a nature, unfortunately, that do-s not demand obedience from a child, I have already told you that I will never marry Tristram G'Shea if my very lite depended upol it. 1 would niot, and 1 could not 1' "" wiy) snoull you Ihate tills nIan It is .unueasonahle, surely " " Hate him ? Well, suiipose I do-. and perhaps I do, in a certain s.4sc." t\nd then she added, calmly : ".To hate properly, you know, sir, the per son inItst be at i-eat of some eairthly consequence. N )., I consid.r Mr. Tristraimi O'St a :,s a Ib:inig of no : seque*'ce in the ritd ito lb'e. 1I I.a:v complete conteiniet for,.hitm-in a word, I. tell yod?l cannot 'and will never marry him. .My mind is fully made up. You' mi ad.) your best ti induce nIe ii i:) i-lid, but it will be at wasted time an I1 ee:rgy on your part. I tell yuu, uncle, I ain, willing to be a good and obedient 'girl, and to ac knowledge your authority as a guardian, but I draw the line at tyranny. Shall we end :.this conferenice now, Uncle David ?". ... " No !" thundered -forth David, .I will nmakle you speak of it. You are under my control, Myra, and you shall .bey'ie. I am not the man to stand idly by with folded hands and see imy wife and child .in need of the comfoirt of life,.while you,. my ward; have it in your power to minake everything straiAht and right I tell you I will give you no choice; on your nineteenth birth day :you shall.marry.Tzrist,:ain O'Shea, or i-He stopped short, panting for breath. She turned upon him de. liantly : "You are going beyond the.limit of your authority, sir! I think the law can soon set this right, and the day will come when you will have cause to repent your cruelty to me, _ Mr. David Hartley. And then, with womanly revulsion of feeling, she rushed swiftly to his side, her starved, lonely heart quiver ing with pain at the thought of its lack of love, her white arms outstretched as though to fling tlem iround his nepk, her sweet lace full of pathetic plead. ings like a grieved child. " Uncle David, don't be so cruel to me; don't-be so hard, and harsh, and stern. For papa's sake, who loved me once before he was caught in the clhitches of. that wicked Tristram O'Shea, feel a little kindness and pity for nie I I am all alone,:Unclo David, all alone in the world. And the world is so cold and cruel and unfeeling towards the lonely orphan. Pity me, Uncle David, and try to care alittle for me! Not like you care for Blanche -of course I could not expect that but for the sake of your dead brother, have some sympathy and affection for his only child i" David Hartley fell back a pace or two. Over his face a look of cold hauteur, conteipi.uous impatience, settled down. He turned away from the pale, pleading little face, from the outstretched arms: he shut his ears to the pathos of the sweet, pleading voice, " When you announce your readi ness to obey me "--his voice was as cold as ice and his face hard as adamant-" then I will bestow some ff':ction upon you.- " Unti" that' day you must consider yourself an alien and a stranger to me. "My house niust be your home for the present, my roof shall shelter you, but I can feel no affection for you, no sympathy for a wilful, disobedient child !" He turned bis back on her, and left the room. Myra threw herself down into the ch1iir that he had just vacated, and buried her face ini her trembling hands. The conflict was.wearing her out-breaking her down,- mind and b dy.. And si:ting this, the sound of voices fell athwart the silence, high pitched and angry. Blanche and her liother had. crept down to a late brea'kfast at last, ipale and hollow-eyed tiere ghosts of the bright, pretty women-of the night before. "I tell. you,' mamma," cried the shrill' voice of Blaniche: Hartley. Hector has not propidsea, and I' begin to believe that I shall lose my chance after all ! And do you know why ? I ue!ieve that he is interested in Myra Absurd to the last degree, to be sure. but you know he saw her last night, after all my precautions, though she did behave respectably by keeping out of the way. And that reminds me where in the world was she the entire evening? Not upstairs, for she came from the grounds and passed up the staircase to her own room to retire, while I stood in the hall conversing with Hector. That was his first g'imttlse of her, and he asked me, with an appearance of deepest interest, who shte might be. MaImma, the girl lo, ked like a picture, and hier eyes shot;e so that they fatlirly d.zzled me. And that thin black dress is awfully becoming to her style. I-IHer throat and arnls looked like scutlpitured tmarble. It made me feel. jealous to look at hter ; thoughl my Nile-green s.!k and lace overdress cost twenty timies what Iher gauzy little dress did." S\We mnust try to get rid of her," iutt in .Mrs Hlartley, thoughtltully. Sl.David shall seid he to school. B tt, at all events, while she is in tiy house shIe shall obey me- - The words died upon her lips in a startled cry, for the door was throswn open, and a servant rushed into the ru,tm, pale and excited. "Oh, ia'nt Oh, Mlisa IBlanche; suclh an awful thing! Stns, the gar dener, found it dowtn in the grounds The body of a woman, tina'am, a y,:ung woman, stabbed to thle heart, atid stone dead !" To iE CONTINIUED. 