KINGS OF LAUGHTER. LECTURE BY REV. G, E, WHEATLET. There was a fairly large audience afc the Masonic Hall last evening, to hear Rev. G. E. Wheatley's very entertaining lecture entitled ' Kings of Laughter.' Mr W. H. Timperley, R.M, occupied the chair, and there were also on the platform besides the lecturer, Revs A. W. Bray and A. Buchanan. The chairman, in introducing the lecturer, promised his hearers that in Mr Wheatley they would find a pleasant, broad-minded and humorous Christian gentleman. He referred to the advent on the platform of ministers of religion, a thing which 50 years ago was unheard of, the sphere of the minister of religion was accounted to be in the pulpit, His own opinion was that there was as much influence for sjood on the platform as in tho pulpit. (Hear, hear.) As a preliminary to the evening1^ entertainment Miss Dellow and Mr Will Robertson each contributed a very nice vocal number*, and Mr B. F. G, North a flute solo, Mr Wheatley then proceeded to deal with the different aspects of laughter, with the contributing' causes, with those who laughed and with those vrh.o couldn't or wouldn't, with the yfiaQ and the witty. He told scores of remarkably good stories, told them with vim and force, and pointed them with dramatic and facial action. In his pleasant, genial and homely fashion he quite capfci. vated the audience, and from the commencement of the address to the finish there was nothing but a ripple and occasionally a convulsion of honest mirth. The audience thoroughly enjoyed the address, and at the conclusion treated Mr Wheatley to rounds of applause and begejed him to continue, The chairman, iu responding:- to a vote of thanks, said that the address was certainly the best he had ever listened to in Bunbury, a remark which received hearty endorsement. The rev gentleman is to deliver his lecture at the Collie this evening, and we advise our readers there to go andlisten to his droll and entertaining stories, some of them a trifle moss grown, but freshened and invigorated by the manner in which they are related, On Wednesday evening in tho Masonic Hall Mr 'Wheatley will deliver another lecture on the weird subje.it of ' G-hosts' — humorous ghoats, though. He should have a bumper house. 