Various Items For Bronchial Coughs take Woods' Great Peppermint Cure, la 6d The Sword .may strike the Shackles from the limbs of the Slave bat it is Education and Organization which makes him a free man. Society ie barbarous until every industrious man and woman can get , their living without dishonest cue terns. — Emerson* I do not expect to eves become a millionaire- I didn't begin right I didn't come to New York barefooted, with a loaf of bread under my arm. — Mark Twain. A deputation of five persons, who eaid they represented 1500 unem* ployed, waited upon W, P, Crick the other day, and not one of them would cake a job ! Half a (oaf may be better than no bread, but some men want to loaf all, the time. When you go to a party remember this : The man who leaves earliest gets the beet umbrella. For Children's Hacking Cough a night Woods' Great Peppermint Cure ls€d A man in Mudgee, who broke a window valued ufc 2s 6d, was com mitted for trial. His was the only case, yet a Judge, Crown Prosecutor and others went from Sydney, a jury was empanelled — merely to hear ac cneed plead guilty. Cost to the coun try, £270 ! John Ayres had just finished cutt ing a log at Yarra Glen (Vic.) when another log rolled over, causing him to lose his balance. In falling his axe, whioh was exceptionally sharp, fell across his neck, severing the jugular j vein. He bled to death in a few .-*? — '—' ? minutes. ' Don't cough! Don't bear the in conveniences of a winter cold, nor run the risks incidental to these ail ments, but use G-ILEAD BALSAM and HINDU SACRED OIL. Aek your storekeeper or chemist for them. Try them, and you will tell someone else to da the same, because they are good. The recent case of a man ' acci dentally killed' at a Tasmanian saw mill brought to light some of deceased's narrow escapes. Once, a piece of timber came over the saw and broke bia collar bone. Later, he was sawing laths and one came back and passed through thp middle of his cheek. Then half a log fell on him and pinned him to the ground. The last wrestle with a piece of timber 'settled him, the latter striking him fairly in a vital spot. Great Caesar's ghost ! poor wasted frame, That once full vigour did possess, Can't be a man in elee but name, His cough has brought him such dis tress. The undertaker smiles to think Next winter's cold he'll not endure, Oh ! ne'er say die, but take a drink Of W. E. Woods' Great Peppermint Cure, 