WAS IT A SPIRIT ? (Leslie's 'Popular Monthly.') V___syJyk HB Iate sta*e ^ena' A^&fl;^-^ tor Walters, of /mmMm^ v^™*' wMie far ^Tw^ISSiraiPi 1 y , tram being a \ M k \ i«rtv E sion to say that »«ii 1,11 SBWB ^ could not al i|, l/\ ghosts. He K 3&BMS; WA fessiCD of faith iilltWiilf in spectral appari m^^Kspts^BI tions, but, accord -2^^™T^- ing to his own ac 'WyLwK count, was witli 1 'Wi held from denial of them by the recollection of a single very strange occurrence. . One afternoon, in- the autumn of 1884, he was looking for deer in a lonely valley within ten miles of the town of Pinckney, Virginia, when he struck into a narrow road, much over grown with weeds, and evidently unused for a long time. After a bit he came to a house which likewise showed signs of disrepair, having been deprived even of its windows and doors— probably because those useful articles had been deemed by somebody worth carry ing away. On this account the dwelling had a singularly blank and unhomelike appear ance, and the Senator was rather surprised to see a man standing on the dilapidated porch in front. ^The man had his hands in his pockets, and -woi'e a pair of blue-jeans overalls, a check shirt, and no hat. His hair was red. All of these points were distinctly noted by the Sena tor, who paused and shouted a cheerful saluta tion. No reply being elicited, he shouted again; but the person on the porch appeared to take not the slightest notice. It seemed very rude, but the Senator was anxious to get a bit of information as to game, and so ho ap proached the house through a gap in the miser able fence, the gate -of which was absent. As he came near, however, the man in the check shirt and blue-jeans turned and walked slowly into the deserted dwelling, disappearing from view. 'Hello!' cried the Senator on mounting the porch and arriving at the doorway; but there was no response. He began to be indignant, and presently made up his mind to enter and hunt up the man in the blue-jeans. This, in deed, seemed easy enough; but, to his great surprise, nobody was to be found; the house was absolutely empty. He searched it inside and out, but the man was gone. There was no cellar, the dwelling having only four rooms, a complete inspection was not difficult. Never theless, it was fruitless, and at length the Sena tor gave it up. Shouldering his gun, he struggled back to the wretched road through the tall weeds that grew where once had been a vegetable garden; but, before going on, he glanced back, and there again on the porch was the red-headed man in the check shirt. This was too much. 'I say!' cried the Senator. 'What do you mean by running away when a gentleman wants to speak with you?' The man made no reply. He still kept his hands in his pockets, and.s'eemed to be looking in another direction. Naturally this madfc Senator Walters very angry. He walked again towards the house, which was only about thirty-five yards distant, and again the person in the blue-jeans turned fci a leisurely way and disappeared into the ruined dwelling. Once more the- visitor entered, looked every where, and found nobody. Though reluctant to abandon the search, he gave it up finally, returning to the road. Then, as he looked back, he saw the man again on the porch, in the same attitude as before. By this time tlie Senator was hot with rage. 'Hello!' he shouted again. 'If you don't an swer me within ten seconds, I'll put a dose of buckshot into you!' , Still the man paid no attention, and, having counted the ten seconds, the Senator slowly raised his gun to his shoulder and fired. He was a first-rate snot, and was certain that he could not have missed;. yet the man stood there just as before, motionless, not even turning his bead. ' as may De imagmea, tne senator was tnun derstruck. Hastily leaving the read, he once more approached the nouse; and as he did so the man in the overalls' turned in the same.lei surely manner as before and disappeared within the dwelling. There was a consider able epace of clearing all around lie deserted residence, and no opoprtunity whatever was afforded for hiding; hence the amazement of Mr. Walters when, for the third time, he searched the premises and discovered nobody. Extremely puzzled, and at the same time very angry, lie at last resumed his journey. But, as before, he glanced back, and there was the person in the check shirf standing on the porch, with his hands in his pockets, and look ing as if nothing had occurred. At this stage of the proceedings, said the Senator in telling the story, Se became fright ened. It seemed obvious to him that some thing very much out; jof the common was at work. He inade nQ further attempt at inves tigation on the spot; but when he got home he set on foot an^inquir^; into the Mstory of the deserted houjse/ana'fjtearned that its former occupant and 'owner '^ad bteen a man named Johnston, wjho was mjSi;dered in cold blood by a friend wi&'Whonivfie 3iad a dispute. . . There are about half a dozen old Majuba men amongst the pensioners at Chelsea-. Hospital. Visitor: 'Do they treat you well here?' Pri soner:. 'Yes, indeed. The only thing I have to complain of is their lack of confidence in me. They refuse to give me \a latchkey/' Bridecake is thought 'much of in China, four cakes sent for the purpose by the bridegroom's family being tossed in the air and caught in a quilt held before the bride's sedan chair. 'When a man has calamity 'oipon calamity the world generally concludes that he must- fce;a very wicked man to deserve them. Perhaps the. Vorld Is right; but it is' just possible that the world, even ?with its €000 years of gathered wisdom, may be wrong. — Amelia Barr. - 