PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. A South African Christinas Story. By HBADON HILL, Author of 44 The Queen of Night," ,4 Guilty Gold," 44 By a Hair's Breadth," 44The Spies of the Wight," 44The Sentence of the Cuurt," &c.;, &c.; COPritlGHT. kN tiie f ing of t he . Christ mas Kve of 1899 Ser ge ant rr,e d M e l v i lie, of the Thorn ton's ki'o, ^T~ H orse, £ clat tered into the Gordons* homestead, and-stood in the kit chen doorway, the picture of. a colonial soldier who had done his little bit of fighting and wanted more. Bnt for once in a way his handsome devil-may-care face •was clouded. • . "I bring rough news for you good people," he said abruptly. "Our troop \- has got orders to clear out*of the district and fall back on Sterkstroom. The Gene ral has decided to advance on another Hue." The family, seated at the breakfast table, received the information with blank dis may, though for varying reasons.. Far mer Robert Gordon, who had been wring ing a livelihood from his farm since he settled in Northern Cape Colony twenty yean before, found himself face to face with immediate ruin by the withdrawal of the gallant horsemen who for six weeks had kept the rebels in check. - As the only loyalist in a. centre of disaffection, he knew well what.: lie had to expect at the hands of his Dutch neighbours the moment they dared to rise openly, as they most assured ly would when the troopers were gone. Confiscation of his flocks and herds, the burning of his house, insult for his women folk, nud possibly death for himself entered into his prospect through this, military exigency. Mrs. Gordon winced under the sergeant': statement for the same reasons, and for one other not known to her husband. She .glanced, with a mother's glance, at her pretty daughter who was blushing at her plate—at anything but' the six feet of ster Jmg manhood in the doorway. The farm er's ..wife dreaded what Hct Gassen might do when the soldiers had departed—Piet . Gosseu, thc'ringlcader of-all the rebels in . the district,and-her 'daughter's thrice rejected admirer. They would be at the mercy of that cruel, lawless spirit, and ; that in those troublous times was enough to inspire a nameless fear. As for Mary Gordon herself, those teil . tale: blushes truly indicated the reasons for her regret. Very pleasant, even amid war's alarms; had been the weeks of Fred Melville's encampment in the dell down by tho spruit—weeks that might have " been years if they had been judged by the close comradeship that had sprung up be tween tho young people.; Though no words of love had-yet.becn spoken by the dash ing young sergeant, Mary Gordon's maiden : heart- told her (hat they: might be expected .at any moment—1 hoped for," as she shyly whispered to herself. "That's a uic6 sort of greeting to bring 1 us for Christmas, Sergeant Melville," said < the farmer.; "I dou't bear malice, though, i seeing as it is none of your doing. Sit you down, bid, and have some breakfast." " Thanks, but I'm sorry I can't,; air. Gordon," said Melville. " We. < saddle up in haU-an-hour. I only looked in to say good-bye, and to thank you for your kind ness while we've been camped here. Be lieve me, sir, I don't like ttas move, know ing what it must mean to you/' , "It means ruin, 1 guess, at the best, and a bullet into me while the homestead bums at the worst—unless I clear but and go'south," replied Gordon. "But I shan't do that," he added quickly. "I have no stomach for playing the destitute refugee." Fred Melville'made a wry face, hintiug that he would not. have cared to play that part himself. " Well, there'll be trouble when-we're-gone; you might send Mrs. and Miss Gordon away," he suggested. "I shouldn't dream of leaving my hus band," said Mrs. Gordon. "And I shouldn't dream of leaving my father and mother," said Mary.* " You hear that," laughed the farmer. "It wouldn't be any good my opposing tbem when they talk like that. We must hold the fort together tho: best way we can." . . "Then I must wish you luck and get back to the troop," replied Fred, and, ad vancing into the room, he shook hands with the three in turn, and withdrew. To Mary Gordon it seemed that the light of her lifo had suddenly gone out in this unlooked-for parting which had taken the placo of the stroll on tho moonlit veldt planned for that evening. Airs. Gordon rose somewhat hurriedly and left the kit chen. lier husband and daughter thought that she was eager as usual to go about btr dally occupations, but instead she ran after • Sergeant Melville and caugbt him up as he was crossing the orchard. " i'oung man," she said, laying her hand on his arm, " if I can read love signs aright, there's something between you and our girl." The sergeant scanned the anxious elderly face narrowly, and saw there no traces-of opposition; on the contrary, Mrs. Gor don's faded eyes had a beseeching expres sion that was altogether friendly. He had been feeling downcast at having to part with Mary like that, in the presence, of her parents, and without so much as a tcudcr word, but he brightened up and auswered frankly: •'Xotliing has been said on either side. I didn't think it fair, with the risks in front of me in this war. But I think, and God kuows I hope, .that it is as you hint, Mrs. Gordon." "You can make your mind easy, then, if there's anything in a mother's watchful ness," replied the farmer's wife. "Bat I didn't come puffing and blowing after you to give sweethearting lessons, nor yet to set traps to catch a son-in-law. It's* enough for me that you care for the maid. Do you know Piet Gassent" ** I 'know him for the biggest cur, cow ard,^blackguard, and bully between Cape town and the Free State," said Fred Mel ville, with a snap of his squarercut jaw. " He has been posing as that doubtful bird, a loyal Dutchman, since we have been securing the countryside, but we are well aware that he is a spy, hand and glove with the enemy. Next to leaving Mary, my greatest sorrow is that we have got lo quit without hanging Mr. Pi-t Gassen. Put you don't mean— "■I do," Mrs. Gordon interrupted. " He has liad his eye on her for two years—soft i sawder at first; and lately, when she | wouldn't look at him, and* her. father kicked hint off the farm,, nasty sneering glances, as micli as to say, 'My time will come.' ril wager my best turkey he'll i think his time' has come when you lads iu'khaki have shown us.your backs." Fred looked as black as thunder, ind ; then astonished Mrs.1 Gordon.by suddenly I saving: "Your best turkey, eh? You'd really wager that on Gassen ' making trouble? That reminds me that you were to have delivered a dozen .turkeys to* night for the troop's Christmas dinner to morrow. Of course, they won t be wanted uow. Well, I must be going, Sirs. Gor don; I am only a sergeant, you know, or you may be sure I shouldn't have left you in the lurch. It's the General's orders for us :to. rejoin him, and I don't think that even our captain has any discretion in the matter. Certainly I haven't." " I bring rough neics. - Our troops hate got to clear out of the district." Ho turned on lus heel and strode away towards the camp, where the trumpeter was sounding the •* assembly."- Mrs. Gor don, who had begun to eye him angrily for his thoughts of a Christmas dinner at such a time, stood looking after him for fully a minute, her brows puckered in a puzzled frown. Then she turned and went■ slowly back to the house. "What did that sly wink mean as he walked off, after that sillv prattle about the turkeys T* murmured' the good woman to herself. "Blest if I .don't think.he's got something up his sleeve that is to help us.; Anyway, he is a proper sort of man, and ho knows my trouble, and—yes, I will pin my faith to him for all I'm worth. / Tur- j keys! Christmas turkeys. What can be! moving in the boy's brain?" j When she reached the house she found that Gordon had gone to the cattle kraal, and that Mary had disappeared to' catch a distant glimpse of the departure of Thorn ton's Horse from their camp by the spruit. It was not till Mrs. Gordon bad put in a couple of hours' honest housework that she had the chance of a word with her husband. He came into the parlour where she was dusting the ornaments, gloomy and full of forebodings. " Those rascally Dutch ain't going to let the grass grow under their feet," he said, Singing himself into a chair. "The sol diers haven't been gone an hour, yet our rebel neighbours are ail astir already. Wolvcrmans and Steenkamp, who haven't dared show their hoses outdoors for the last month, went up along towards Gas scu's farm a while back. They mean giv ing us a warm Christmas, I reckon." "You "won't take it lying down, if I know you right, Robert," replied Mrs Gordon, who had decided to raise no hopes that- m;ght be fulse by relating to her hus band what had passed betweeu her" and Fred Melville.. "No, if they show up rough I shall Iry and stand 'em off as long as possible," said the farmer.^ "I could .account for a good few of the cowardly brutes, and perhaps* keep .'em at bay altogether, if I wasn't short of ammunition. The box that I ex pected from East London must'have got stolen ou the road, and I have only got thirteen cartridges in the house." Mrs. Gorden, who was nothing if not superstitious; gave a gasp of dismay. So agitated was she that she did not see a dark-shadow that fell through the open window on the wall of the room, hovered for an iustant and passed on. "Thirteen cartridges:" she almost screamed. "There's no luck with such a number. Better twelve or none nt aU. We shall come to grief over this, Robert." Gordon laughed grimly. " It doesn't fol low that the bad luck will be ours; it may be on the other side. Anyway I shan't knock tinder till I have used every one of them on the Dutchies if they moiest me," was his reply. Again the" dark shadow fell upon the wall, and this time staved there, causing husband and wife to look hurriedly for its cause. There, framed in the window, grinned at them the swarthy, sinister face of Piet Gassen, rebel farmer and spy. "Morning, neighbour Gordon. Peeling lonesome with the soldiers gone?" he be gan in a tone that was in itself an insult. "I have come in a friendly way to give you just one leetle warning." "I don't want any warnings from you, Piet Gassen, -and the sooner you clear off my ground the better for ,the Queen's peace," said Gordon with a significant glance at his ride in the corner. But Gassen made no movement to de part. "The Queen's peace," he sneered. "That is the very thing that made me pay you this friendly call. Now that the troopers have all run away, the Queen's peace in this district, if so* you please to call it, depends upon me, and in one way upon- you, Mr. Gordon. If you and me come to agreement, the Queen's peace will be of the kind most exemplary. If not— well, much good may the Queen and her peace do to you." "I understand your threat," said Gor don, folding his arms and looking the scoundrel in the face. Piet Gassen had a large and fleshy nose, and alongside this organ he laid a very dirty forefinger in a manner intended to be humorous. "It is uo threat that I make," ho reptied; "it is warning—warning tbafc the poor simple Batch people of these parts love me so much that if they see me bad-treated by Inglismau they will bum tho house of that Inglismau and take bis docks and his crops. May happen, too, himself and his family get hurt." . ' " I haven't ill-treated you yet, iny friend, but I jolly soon shall if you don't clear ooc of this in a brace of shakes," cried Gordon in a fcige.' "It is bad treatment if you do not give mo your daughter, the pretty Maree—ab least so we shall consider," Gasscn was be ginning, but he had already, gone too far, and Gordon sprang for. iiis rifle. The Dutchman fled, not, however,' without flinging over his shoulder the menace: "Then I shall come back and take her." Gordon rushed to the window and. would havo shot him there and then if he had not vanished round the corner of the house. The angry farmer was "preparing! to fol low by the door when a diversion was caused by the entrance of Alary, and his chief ansiety for the moment being^ thus set at rest-lie laid his rifle on the table. 44 Shall we tell her, Mo ther V he said, wiping .his dark brow. A* Yes, she is woman-grown and must know," said Airs. Gordon, who throughout Gasseu's visitation had remained singularly quiet. And in a few words she. informed her daughter of ihe Dutchman's call and of the cause of it, naming as gently as she . could Iho terms on which he had practi cally offered to spare the farm from rapine, . and the threat he had made when his terms had vbeen refused. The girl, fresh from watching the Iauce-perinons of her unde clared lover's troop flutter away to the hori zon of the veldt, paled a little. But she was staunch enough. "Well, we're not afraid of any low-' down Dutchman—with father so handy with, his gun," she said, trying to make a brave show, but sighing for the clink of Fred's spars. "When will they come, Robert!" asked Mrs. Gordon, thoughtfully, when Alary had gone to her room. M Not before nightfall—the curs," her husband replied.- "They know I can shoot a bit, and they won't allow me too mnch daylight. I wonder if Gassen heard me say I was short of ammunition. If he did ;fc will make a lot of difference to their be haviour. The^d be bolder still if they . knew I had only twelve cartridges at their disposal." _ " Twelve !" exclaimed 3frs. Gordon, - quickly, "what did you mention thirteen for, then?" "I have got thirteen, but, Anna, yon must buck op old girl, and agree withme t'will be bestr-the last one is for Mary. It will be kinder to shoot her nice and clean, rather than leave her at that devil's mercy when they break in." bin. Gordon looked at her husband's stern, set face, and knew that nothing . would move htm. from his resolution, so she merely nodded and held her peace. In the contingency which she dreaded she was " not sure that he would not be right, but that the contingency would arise she was not by any means persuaded. Two straws :. she had to clutch at, one being Sergeant Fred Melville's confident wink, and the other a remedy for ill luck which she ; would apply if necessary, but which so far • she kept to herself. The farmer lost no time in preparing for the expected siege by boarding up the windows and strengthening the outer doors, his wife and daughter taking it by turns to keep a look-out from the flat roof. \ Having made all as secure as he could, he . paid-a flying visit to the cattle kraal and told his 'Kaffirs that the Dutchmen were .. coming, but that he meant to shoot them; - ~ if they attempted to steal his stock. He advised the "boys" to keep out of the - wuv daring the attack, since they c6uld uot render him any assistance; on the other Land, if he saw them hoping the enemy be promised to repay their treachery with a bullet. ~ " *•* Thence onward, in the.suspense of wait ing, the hours dragged wearily. Robert- *. Gordon spent most of ins time on the roof," \ watching for signs of-trouble. He saw many that added to bis load of care, ?>*: ■ though none as yet that called for action/iir The waggcii-track to G ass en's farm/iaa parallel with the house at the distance of half a mile, and along it at frequent inter vals Gordon saw many horsemen riding, come alone, but more often in twos and threes. That they were the wolves gathering for their raid be had no doubt, and he cursed the war and its consequences —especially the thief that had lifted his box of cartridges. - In the house below mother and daughter busied themselves with tribes, " bravely striving to cheer each other with jests at Dutch cowardice and at the holes that " father*' would drill in them if they dared tin attack. But their laughter rang hollow; with the, grim spectre of overwhelming numbers threatening them, and blrs. Gor don had. the added fear of the unlucky number thirteen upon her superstitions mind. ■ For all their spurious calm Mrs. Gordon spoilt the Christmas padding in the boiling, while Mary was fain to confess that the hat she was trimming must be . added to the list of failures. •So the long day passed without an alarm, but when the sun had sunk behind the dis tant Stormberg tbs women heard their one defender drop through the trap- door from tho roof, bolting it after him. By that Kama token they knew • that what they dreaded was about to happen, and so it proved. The fanner came into the sitting room and announced that two score men were riding fast towards the house from the north-cast—the direction of Gassen's farm: . "I'll-fight them from here because of tlie two windows," he said. "'The side ono commands the cattle kraal, and the other , gives me a sweep of the front of the house. One of yon will have to stand in the kitchen at the back and let me know what goes on that side." ' "Til watch the back; Mary can stay with you," replied the elder woman, watch ing ller husband narrowly as he took a handful of cartridges from the bureau, counted them; mid strewed them on the table: There were twelve of them, for one was in his loaded rifle. The window being blocked up there was a lamp burn ing, bat Mrs. Gordon suggested that it fcbould- be extinguished lest the light should show the loophole to the enemy. \- Her husband, who had already stationed " himself at the window, assented, and she _ performed the action herself. As she was leaving the room she turned back to ear: "It wonld save you fumb ling for those cartridges in tile dark if Mary wis to hand them to you father, ch?" "•A- good notion," replied Gordon. "Mary, my dear, stand by to do as your . mother says, but keep out of a line from the window. This barricade isn't shot proof." Casting. one lingering glance at her daughter's graceful figure, dimly visible in the twilight that filtered through the loop bole, Ibe mother turned away to go* twJ act as sentry in the kitchen. There also the window was blocked with an irnpro * vised barrier of wood and pillow cases stuffed with earth, bnt, hastily removing some of the latter, she opened the window and threw some thing-oat Then with a sigliof relief, she replaced the defences and set her eye to the loophole. Out at the . back no foes were yet to be seen, and she • listened—listened till the drums of her ears .were nigh bursting—for sounds from the eittingroom. :/ The tension was broken at last by the \- resounding crack of her husband's rifle. . "Ah! then they're after the cattle first," ehe muttered. "Robert said be shouldn't fire till they had committed an unlawful— are'you all right in there?" she shouted, • breathlessly, as half a dozen distant shots ywerb;followed by the crash of glass in the ^.parlour. • "All serene, I've downed one of them. \- They arc by the kraal," come her husband's "answering voice. - "One bullet has gone ' home on to the mirror,"* though." . Crack!- and then again crack, crack, }; crack, crack, went Gordon's rifle in quick succession. "There's six cartridges gone, and thank God ho isn't aslring Maiy how many are left/* Mrs. Gordon murmured. "If only he'll do the coupling himself to the end.** Alt the time a hail of bullets was striking tho front and side of the house, but so far j no more penetrated to the interior. Gor don got in three more shots, and then his wife called to him: "There's a dozen of them coming towards the back." The farmer ran into the kitchen, took a carefol sight at the advancing Dutchmen, fired, and brought his man down. The rest retreated. ' Gordon stopped a moment before return ing to the main point of attack. "We're done, old wife, I fear,1' he said;'smoothing her iron-gray hair. 41 When I have tired two more shots you'd better come into the front room and take* a last look at our poor girl. God rend; me nerve to do it, but it's the only. way. to save her from outrage." He did not'wait'fbr a reply, but left bis wife looking after him. with a wistful ex pression, in which'the trace.of a wan smile lurked.: " Aye, Rob, I'll come,!' "she said softly under her breath, 44 but the dear God send that the faith*, in me was not misplaced. ' Only, two more shots, and not a sign of help. ' They'll rush us as sooii as they find that the ammunition is. out, and then—and then perhaps ;I shall win* 1 had let things be. My. gentle ^lary!" Crack! went the rifle in the sittingroom, followed, as usual, by the spatter of bul lets on the walls as the Dutchmen fired at the flash. A pause, and .then once more Gordon's rifle rang'out in a final shot at the riespoilers of his. home. Mrs. Gordon went to the sittingrooni. Amid the pow der-reek she could just make out her hus band turning to Mary, who stood by the table. 44 Give me the last -.cartridge," he was saying in a voice that trembled for ; the first time that night. "The last cartridge, father!" the girl exclaimed. 44 Why, you have fired it. X handed it to you before- that shot." i 44 But I have counted, and I have only I fired twelve," said Gordon. 44 One must | have dropped on the floor. ' Hunt, both ef you. I must nnd it before tbey discover that I Live run out." And be went on Lis knees, groping, Mary joining him. Bat Mrs. Gordon remained standing . by the door. ' So passed two dreadful minutes, daring which the voices of the rebels sounded nearer and ever nearer. The "lull in the firing from the house had made them bold. "It must have rolled under the bureau," panted Gordon in frantic haste to save his daughter by the only moans open to him— the missing cartridge. " Anna, don't stand there idle. Light' a match and hold it under the bureau. They will be here di rectly." But Mrs. Gordon made no movement and no reply. She was listening, listening with bated breath, to a dull rhythmical sound that mingled with the shouts of the ad vancing Dutchmen—far away at first, but increasing with every precious moment into the thunder of iron-shod hoofs. And! then the triumphant shouts of the assaiSj ants changed into a scream of terror, and Robert Gordon and Mary heard the sound j too. .It came on inexorably, two scat- j tcred shots were fired, and the Dutch j scream took shape in words: I "The rooiueks with the knife-poles are upon us! Fly, brothers, fly." Mrs. Gordon rushed to the loophole and; peered across the moonlit veldt. i "The troopers have come back; they are amongst them with their lances," she cried, and broke into hysterical laughter. The troopers came crowding round the houso with their prisoners, while farther afield a dozen black heaps, limp and mo tionless, lay on the veldt, staring from glassy eyes at the great full moon. Gov non unbarred'to his rescuers, and Sergeant Fred Melville walked in. "The captain sent us back for the tur keys," he said, winking at the pale ghost of a farmer s wife. " We had gone thirty miles before he discovered we'd come away without our Christmas dinner, and the boy* were grumbling a bit. Careless of me not to have reminded him sooner—but, thank God, Tm an absent-minded beggar, as it turns out." " Havo you got Gassen?" asked Gor don, anxiously. "Yes, lie's outside, roped up, and ready for his little journey to the hangman," was the reply. "Our commanding officer is a glutton for turkeys, but he's a bigger glut ton for rebels, and Mr. Piet can soy his prayers." So villi mu:h laughter and some tears they went to fetch the soldiers* nard earned Christmas dinner from their roosts, andjiuring the proceedings Fred contrived to say the word which was to* make rim and his Mary the happiest couple in the Colony; when brighter days . dawned. "But what licks me is where tint last cartridgo got to," said Robert Gordon, when the troopers had ridden off with'their Cracl;, crack, cruel;, tccnjL Gordon's rifle in. quick succession. prisoners and tlieir dinner for the morrow. And he fell to searching under the bureau once more.. - "There's no call for you to do that,'1 said Mrs. Gordon sharply. " I threw the j thing out of the window. I wasn't going to have any unlucky • thirteens about the house at such times, and it appears I was right." ■ | 