^ *♦♦♦ ???^'-'^?''♦?♦♦?♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦a»«***-.^.^»*^_ ? j ~ ' '?:-'.?'-' -^ ? ' ? V --' 'UBLTSHED BY SPECIAL 4REaVEMENTi t ? *3y Me ©K\ War/eon* ''..'? , ; ? : ? : ? *Mf''f*f'rff*f*/ff////fr/// Amttqrof 'The Gr^t Porter Square Mysterv,' 'Grlf,' X. c ,„ 'Himm KoKlk,' 'A Fair Jewe*,' «The Golf ^d^n^et,' :;-The Betrayal ^ of John Fordham,' &c;, &§ ^ .;,'-?',..-.,. COPYRIGHT. \ ' CHAPTER X.—(a-niintud.) It was during one . of his later visits to Paris that'- :Tie'' met the young lady who becama' ids second wife. The passions and inclinations of men are ? matters of impulse and inheritance, and though they may be controlled they cannot be ' destroyed. The moment Bernard Maubray saw Gabrieile a new flower of love took root in his heart, and her image accompanied' him when he went from her presence. She was very little older than his daughter Valerie, and it .might t»ve been thought that the disparity ?n their ages would have ' held him back. .* Bat strons-minded as he was, the charm had fallen'* and he could not resist it. If occasionally the doubt in truded itself that the union of a lady with a man old enough to be her father was unwise, it was instantly dismissed. In the lives of most men there are overwhelming tides which carry them onward despite themselves. That Bernard Manbray loved Gabrieile passionately in no way lessened his love for Valerie ; it helped, indeed, to strengthen it, inasmuch as it opened the door to. a closer and more constant companionship with bis aear child. It would also impart new sweet ness to Gabrielle's union with him, for she would have a companion of her- own age *lways by her side. He. encouraged every argument favourable to the consummation of bis ardent wishes, and dismissed every argu ment whicfe bade him reflect before 'He took the final step. There were -pec- nliar circumstances which Vnrried him on. Gabrielle's father was so' mtangled in, pecuniary difficulties, that ruin ltared him in the face.' Not only ruin but 3ishonour ; for in his frantic efforts to release himself from disaster he had in an incautious moment stepped aside from the path of rectitude. Exposure meant dishonour, dis hononr meant death. 'When Bernard Maubray appeared upon the scene all this was known tc- Gabrieile, in whom - her father, weak and 'sSnn of purpose, had confided, and her soul ?vas filled with horror at the threatened tragedy. 'Bernard -Maubray was the one man who could avert this tragedy, who could preserve, her father's honour, and in a moment of despair she consented to be his wife. No shadow of this despair was visible to Manbray. He loved, and was blind. The Eadness of her face was accounted for by the sloud which hung over her father's honoured name, the clouS which it was his good fortune to remove. To tbis cause, also, he attributed her wandering glances and the nervous clasping of -her bands when be pressed his suit. In a certain sense her sadness im parted, a spiritual element to her beauty, and, given that her heart was at rest, all elie was well. But her heart was not at rest. She con sented to marry Bernard Maubray, but she did not love him. Had she made this clear to him he would have instantly released her, bat she kept her secret close — -the secret; which only one iran could have, suspected, and that man one of the base creatures of the earth whose career was strewn with perjured vows and blighted hopes, with shame and despair, and sometimes death. . Even as it wa-s she would not have accepted Bernard Manbray bad she not had a firm conviction that her days were numbered, and that she would soon go down to the grave with, her^secret unrevealed. By her act she released her father from impend ing dishonour ; by nature's decree -she would be saved from a woman's deepest shame. So they were married in Paris,' and in the church in. which the ceremony took place lurked the villain who;had betrayed her. -' He kept so far back in the gloom of ; unillninuied pillars that he did not see the faces of bride end bridegroom ; he heard the sound of mur muring voices, and, the. ceremony^ over, he slunk away, twirling bis Mepbistophelian moustache with an air of satisfaction. It was «n obstacle removed, and he was contented. *$ Bv my faith,' he murmured, .with a smile, 'I iusve lad my pastime, ;?? and^Gabrielle is settled in life, FartweU. 'my sweetGabrielle.' But if it contributed to. his satisfaction' to think that the conseqnences of bis base act were for ever removed, and that they would play no part in his future, he could have paid no regard to that dread Fate which weaves its threads in silence and darkness, and over turns the grandest as well as the meanest of mortal schemes at the moment of fruition. We build oar castles and dream our dreams, heedless of the unseen shadow which waits upon our actions, and Id! when the edifice is ' crowned and the dream is dreamed, a thunder* cloud bursts and lays waste the work of the. best years of our life. \- Back in his house, with bis bride and bis daughter by his side, Bernard Maubray sent forth a work which set the seal .upon bis renown as one of the world's great. painters. Three of his happiest months went by, and 'then the clouds became overcast. Gabrieile eecsied to be pining away. Always quiet «ad reserved, she grew even fonder of ? silence and solitude. With love's solicitude he observed how thin and white she was, bow the least sound struck terror to her heart, bow when she was in thought and he spoke to her she started as though to ward off a blow. He questioned Valerie privately. Had Gabrieile complained? 'No,' answered Valerie, 'she never complains.' ''But she suffers?' 'Yes, she suffers.' ««Have' you tried to ascertain the canse?' 'Yes, but she insists that sheis qnite well.'1 'Is the bouse too quiet for her. Doe? she wish for companv?' '-'STo, she dreads it.' And Valerie drew his attention to the circumstances that when visitors came, or strangers were announced, her one desire was to avoid them. Indeed, at -this time, unknown to the father and daughter, Gabrieile was attempting flurht to some ' spot where she was unknown^ and where she conid remain, hidden from the sight ef all who knew her. He questioned Gabrieile also, and was distressed by the nervousness and fear she exhibited when they were alone together. ' Do t frighten yon, Gabrieile?' he asked keuderly. '-«* No, no,' she replied, ' why should I be frightened- when you speak to me ?' Bat even as she answered she shrunk from him and could not look Mm in the face. Jl If you have any grief, confide in ms,' ' Yes, I w»? x was never strong, you know.' ' . 'We will u^_- you stronsr,' he said, striving to speak cheerfully. ' You are very good to me— too good, too good!' She was on the verge oi tears, and he fore bore to question her farther. All *W 1^?» could do was done — without avail. Her peace of mind seemed to be destroved. Bernard 3Jaabray's most intimate friend ?was Dr. Websr, a physician of areat skill and experience, acd from this friend he soasrht adyice. Dr. Weber accompanied tea artist name, and ga.ve a gentle hint fo G3brieli3 of tne object of his unexpected visit. 'My husband is mistaken,' she said, but offll with that strange air of fear about her. ' I am quite welL 'it is only a little weak ness, that will pass off. I am glad to see yon, Dr. Weber, aaa feisai J So not le qn-em£caL«4TO%H. ?? ? . - \ Bravely as she spoke she couia n*^ c^jn-' mandher voice ; her eyes filled withN^j^ Tear* came easily now. \ 'Well, -irelL'madame,' said Dr. Web\ ' behold me as a friend, not a physician.' ?x\s During the ensuing fortnight -he paid. several visits to Crow's Nest, and making quiet observance of Gabrieile arrived at a conclusion. 'She must have change of air and change of scene,' he said to Manbray. 'Of. the two I believe the latter is the more important. She has something on her mind over which she is brooding, and the quiet routine of her life may- :be -injurious. Map out a three months' tour, and do not stop three days in one place. Take her. to theatres where light pieces and light music are being played. A little frivolity will do noharm.' ::Wfien.' the project was unfolded fo Gabrieile she assented to it gladly, even eagerly. It was as if a weight were lifted from her soul — from Maubray's also. His heart 'grew light at the relief expressed in her countenance.^ He showed her the plan of the tour he had mapped out, and spoke of the pleasure a store for them: ? ' \- ? «.* We will start to-morrow, ' he said. 'We !' she cried, and the light died out other face. ' Yon, I, and Valerie,' he said, wondering at this change in her. .'' '2fo,no,' she exclaimed hysterically. 'I must go alone — alone.' ' My dearest Gabriellfr ? ' But she would not listen. 'With a scared look around, panting and weeping, she cried again, '51 must go aione — alone.' So great was the violence of her passion that he ceased to expostulate with her. He would not, however, consent to her soias without a companion, and after much ursinEr and pleading a compromise was agreed upon^ Valerie was to accompany her, and Maubrav was to remain at home. As, in accordance with Dr. Weber's advice, the ladies were to stop no longer than three days in one place, it was arranged that Manbray should address his letters to the potie ralan't in the next town or city to which they were bound. 'Yi»u will write resnlarly,' he said to Gabrieile. 'Don't z*ix me to promise,' she said. 'The moment I sit down to write a letter my head begins to ache.' . But Valerie promised to write two or three ' mes a week, and with that he was fain to be content. So the adieux were spoken, and they rode away. Valerie in her letters spoke more of Gabrieile than of herself. Now Hie invalid was a little better, now she was not quite so well, now she said she was ieeliug a little stroneer. Tune and time again did Mauurav express his earnest desire to join them, if onlv for a week or a few days, but Gabrieile would not hear of it, and somewhat to his surprise he was dissuaded also by Valerie, who before their departure was very anxious that he should _ accompany them. Condemned to seclusion he - took mental refuse in work, and spent most of his time in the Ruined -Tower, where he' painted from memory ai marvellous . ixirtTait ..of his wife, absence from wbom Intensified the love he bore for her. He wrote long letters to the aosent ones, ana to liaoneUe ne ponred lortii bis nral, writing as a young roan might have done under the influence of the first divine dream of love. If sometimes in Valerie's letters there -was a forced gaiety, be did not detect it,, having an eye only to the brighter issues of this enforced separation from those he held mwt dear. Thus month after month went by until four had passed, and then the thunderbolt fell. One morning, without any intimation that he was coming, Dr. Weber ascended the steps of the Ruined To''-;r, and stood in the presence of his friend CHAPTER XL -Bernard Maubray was putting the finish ing touches to the portrait of bis -wife, upon which until tbis day no eye had fallen but his own. With, mingled admiration and distress Dr. Weber gazed upon the beautiful work. '?It- fives,' 'Weber,' cried the artist en thusiastically; 'it almost breathes- What say you 5' ''It is' wonderful !' replied Dr. 'Weber, oppressed by the mournful news he' was intrusted to communicate. The sad note in the doctor's voice drew Maubray's attention to him ; but he tarned the next moment to the engrossing creation of bis loving fancy. 'I did not wish you to see it,' he con tinued, ' until it was completed. It has been my principal occupation these last two months, and even now lam scarcely satisfied ; it is hardly worthy of the' original, but who could' hope to fix upon canvas a face and form so perfect ? It is my gift to her upon her return , when she look? udoq it she will know that she has lived in my heart. Valerie's tetters lead me to expect that I shall not bare 'long to wait for our happy reunion.' , - ' I have beard from her,' said Dr. 'Weber. 'From Gabrieile?' 'No, from Valerie.' Again the sadness of his voice attracted the notice of the artist, and now he gazed upon bis friend more attentively. ' I am guilty of great selfishness,' he said, laying his hand kindly upon bis friend's shoulder. 'It is the curse of our nature. Forgive my apparent indifference. You are in trouble.' 'Yes, I am in trouble ; but not alone for myself, ilanbrdy. There are sorrows which affect us deeply through svnipathv with those we love.' Maubray's face grew pale as he laid aside bis palette and brushes. ' You have received a letter from Valerie. Does this sorrow touch me?' ' It touches you, dear friend.' ' Valerie is ill.' cried Maubray. 'Then I must go to her. I was too weak and irresolute; they should not have gone without me. I must go to them at once — at once !' 'Valerie is well,' said Dr. Weber, and bis voice grew more grave. 'Good God! It is Gabrieile! Tell me I quickly — quickly ! Why did not Valerie i write to me ? Speak, man, spsak I There is j something in your face ? ' ' * ! ' Summon all your fortitude, dear friend, j Valerie 4id not write to jexs. direct because ! she feaved the shock.' ** j 'The shock!' exclaimed Miutray, a vagus j terror stealing upon him. j ' She is on her way hoiae ; she -sill s-scn j be here.' I ' With Gahrielle — oh, thank God ! Gabrieile is ill, but we v-riil nurse- her into health, ily care, your skill ? ' Hjg agitation overpowe-r&i; him, and he could sot proceed. 'Valerie eotaea alone,' said Dr. WeceXj solemnly, 'Aloae!' -? Dear friend, there are griefe which need all oar strength to bear. They coma to all sku; ftfette&9saai-&« Satin tte midst 61 our anguish we aunt nor be re-e-ardle« c*~~* those who are still left to us, and wfcoss j^* ' ' will help to soften even the bitterest siit-H* 'of destiny. The sense of duty remains : faria !iDI remains ; and Time, the healer,' will mlrigata °^ our sufferings.' .'. '' ii ? ' Gabrieile is dead ! ' said Manbraj in » JeD muffled tone, a*d turned his face to ihe walL ^ 'Alas!' ' :jjtr In that one word the revelation was cleirlr boi made. ? . T *?] For many minutes neither sroke ; thai Br t^r Weber said, * ' : 'T 'Valerie asked me to W-ak the sad news- ^ she enclosed a letter for you.' * ' a? 'Leave me, Weber/' Haid the bereaved ^ man. 'Do not speak, I cannot bear it. Sk» ^e is gone! Gone!' . - sfe He sank into ..a chair, and covered his fao io -with his hands. A black desolation fell upn So him ; joy died out of the world ; noihinz bat 3flc pain and sorrow rranained. The imaie of }nt Gabrieile presented. itself to him, as he fbt wil ? saw her in Paris when love touched his heart ; v»t !th lio last aw ha- when she denarid mvi! Valerie. Had be but known— had he but e° known !^ The image slowly faded, aod th« =^ world was dead. He did not weep ; the Mmr , ^ was too crushing for the relief of tears. ZZ Dr. Weber placed Valerie's letter on tha g table, and softly left the room. § It was a foil hour before he stirred fana his recumbent attitude, and when he raised his head bis eyes rested upon the portrait of Pi gabrieile. He had depicted her with a soak npt-a her face, and her lips seemed to bs openiag in the act of speaking. VTzs H possible thai' this dumb canvas should I'm and she be dead ? No, ic was no: possible ; B' soiae deceit had been practised upon him. ai ' But Valerie's letter dispelled this delusion ; (al the words swam in his sight, but reached his J'j sense. ' She died in neace. Drar father, ba ae comforted.' A smile, bitter in ia rebellioa ° against the inevitable, came from his lipa. ' Be comforted ! ' What could comfort a man living in a dead world : M This was a great tragedy in Bernard Mau. ^ bray's life, bu; in the'heart of this tragedy se was a_ secret, mercifully hidden from him by di Valerie, the kaowledge of which would hwa st overwhelmed him with a deeper despair and a deathless horror ; a secret which would tare i shaken to its loundarioas his belief in human i and Divine goodness. Mercifully spared in. ~f deed, though his anguish was sufficiently poignant without that bitter knowiedse which lay hidden, in his daughter's breast So overwhelming was the desolation of his soul i that the presence of his dear c-'aiid brought no ] comfort : that the presence of Madame Hart- \ maun, who came from Paris to console him, \ brought no comfort ; rha: seeing them dav by ' day, with ihe consc-iou-Ress thar the v .were watching his misery with sym Bathetic eves, ' animated only with the loving desire to fiua a ' ' way to mitigate it, was an added torture to him. . \ 'What can we do for you, dear Bernard *'' said Madame Hartmann. 'Leave me to myself,' he replied. ' Nothing will help me but solitude. I mast be alone to wrestieVith my grirf.' So it fell out — for thtir' pleadinss were useless^ — that Valerie was onee'more banished from his home, and returned to Paris with her aunt. 'You are not angry wirh me, father;' she J».sked him on the day of her deDarturs. 11 Angry with you, my chili ? *No— eo !'* v ' ' You will send for me ' You wii! lev me ' * come home again !' r 'When I am at peace, Valerie, when I suffer less, I will send for you.' Ah, the p-ity in her face — the tender com passion with which she embraced the falls; *he loved an»honoured ! Wad it treachay that she should keep her secret close, ths secret that brought hot blushes to her cheeks, hot tears to her eyes, in the solemn watehea of the night ? No, it was the truest merev. It lay in its grave at peace, but no grave so deep as to help her to forget. TfTtbelaii hour of her life its memory would remain. For two years B-irnard Ifaubiuv kep: him self secluded in Crow's Nest, aaroittins no friend or aeqaainranos wish the single' ex ception of Dr. Weber, and he came uninvited. Upon the first occasion, indeed, Dr. Wcfcer forced hanself upon hi* friend, alarmed by the reports which reached him of the state of Maubray's health. 'It is useless to expostulate,' said tfi9 doctor; 'I am here, and here I intend to remain^ ' Fiienos are 'scarce, and I do not intend to lose mine if my poor skill can sava him. You are not over-pleased to see me. Yery good— or rather, very* bad. Neither am I over- pleased to see yon in the state von are. My dear Manbray-^-niy dear Maubrav ! ' The underlying affection in fh?- little speech, brought a faint responsive smile to Maubray'i ll-rwr 'I am glad to see you. Weber,' he said. ' Forgive the. coldness of my welcome.' ' ' I will forgive everything when I see tht Manbray oa old before me. Not this Maubray ihat I see now — why, inv dear friend, voa are like a ghost 1 Now let us be practical. What is the matter with vou V ' I cannot sleep.' -' ' For how long has this been so V ' Many months.' ' ' I am going to examine you. No protests ! I know my business, and 'you know vours. No denying that ; and no den vinsr either that - to waste a talent — a God-given 'talent — is a heinous sin. How many pictures have vo» . painted this last year r' 'Not one.' 'Then you have long arrears to pull up. - You shall paint my portrait, so that a fitting presentment of myself may go down to aa ungrateful posterity.' ' I cannot do it.' 'You shall do it. It is the only favour I have ever asked of you, and I will cot ba denied. I will give you the first sitting to-morrow. Remember, lam vourphvsician.' ' I cannot .put brush to canvas till I Eet some'sleep.' 'I will ensure- yon sleep; the lonely Ufa you are leading is'sufSeient to destroy your nerves and your brain. When did yon hear from Valerie last V ~ 'Yesterday.' 'Is she well r' ?* '?She savs so.' .' I ' When'did you write to' her last?' 'A fortnight ago.' There was reproach, in the glance Dr. Weber cast upon Maubray, and.he felt it Life was beginning to stir witkm him ; tha friendly imperiousness, the -fiealchy btnsta- : ousness . of the doctor were ; ielHng upon tha ' '* naturally healthy organisation of the artist. ' It is not like you, Maubrsy, to neglect so sweet a girl as Valerie^ — your only child, who I loves you devotedlv.' '- I ' Do I neglect berr' 1 'Would you ask that qiesiion a second I time, Maubray?' t 'No. You are right' infmtrcb. tnafc-jtw say, in much that vouimpK Bat yon see, I am worn out. The curse oj sleeplessness im balances me.' ? ..''?/ Although Dr. Weber 63. not approTe fit opiates, he recognised the Necessity of themift this case. But he fouxi that ordniafj remedies were powerless a produce the need- ; ful repose, and he. was bompelled to' hav« '1 recourse to a deadly dru| of his own pre- I parinsr, which had the de&ed; effect. In * j few aays Maubray's eyawas brighter, his skin was regaining its nfcural colour. Tb« drug Dr. 'Weber administred was a disstdv* able powder, and one of je virtues was that it was tasteless and colqdess, and that it imparted no flavour to Si liquid in which, it was dissolved. Thus. a person taking it unaware would cot susps: its presence^ acd this peculiarity rendered t dangerous, So . great was the benefit Mabray derived from it that he insisted upon :eing supplied ?with several doses for use, f needed, at scase xxitnrs time when the- dftor's .personal ser vices might not be arable. Complying with this request, Dr. 'ftl?er was careful fo explain the danger thatjy in taking a larger dc-s* f--=n he had prescrikL fio bs coiisrsD-l MC — t A-*.-=aool Dentists' Siery Ljs been formed in connection with th^ental Hospital, Port land street, London. A: the inaoirural isc tore it was staled iha£ss than 16 per cent oi gchool boys and sirlif an average age «4 12 do cot require sod treatiaea& ier decayed teeth, i — 