OF ROYAL BLOOD. -*- A STORY OF THE SECRET SERVICE. By William Le Queux, Author of "Whoso findeth a Wife," "Scribes and Phariasees," "Zoraida," "The Day of Temptation," &c.;, &c.; [All Rights Reserved.] CHAPTER XXI.-Continued. WHAT JUDITH KNEW. I followed the road, winding and well kept, once no doubt only a footpath, but now acccesible to carriages, and after half an hour's stiff climb passed through the main entrence, handed my card to the liveried janitor, followed him acrossed the huge paved courtyard with its long cool arcades and ancient draw-well, and waited in a small old fashioned chamber furnished in medieval style with great carved table of black oak and chairs of similar design, a severe-looking place strangely comfort less but striking as an example of the princely home of four centuries ago. As I stood looking through the deep mullioned window upon the courtyard the turret-clock chimed slowly and solemnly. For a long time I remained there alone-fully half an hour, I think-- until I began to wonder whether my card had reached the Princess. At length, however, another man- servant appeared, saying in German: "Her Highness will see you, if you will please step this way." I followed him across a great banqueting hall, high-roofed and vaulted, from which were sus- pended the tattered, faded banners of the dead princes of Hapsbourg, while all around were stands of armour worn by those valient warriors who were once the terror of all the Rhine-land from Cologne down to Mayence, and upon the stone walls great heavy German broadswords, many of which bore the rust of human blood. Down one long corridor aftee another we passed until we entered what was apparently a modern wing of the great stronghold, for the long pas sage was so thickly carpeted that our footsteps fell noiselessly, and a few moments later the man ushered me into a pleasant well-lighted room, the walls of which were pannelled in brown and covered with silken tapestry in mignonette green, the ceiling richly gilded, and in the corners were allegories of the female virtues. On the walls hung several of the great and famous pictures by Watteau, which stand alone and unapproachable in their style and form. In one, a party of ladies and gentlemen were embarking for a voyage to the "Fortunate Isles," and two others represented the interior of a picture-shop. These, I knew, were some of the pearls of the art treasures of the Hapsbourgs. There were also other pictures by Lancret and Pater, of the school of Watteau, and as I advanced to the window to gaze out upon the magnificent panorama of valley and mountain the door was oponed. I turned with quick heart beating to greet the woman I so fondly loved. Next instant, however, I drew back in blank astonishment. In the doorway there stood a female figure in severe black, gazing at me as though I were some hideous apparition. Per haps, indeed, I was as a ghost of the past to her. Our encounter was equally startling to both of us. She had on no outdoor garments, and was evidently a guest at the Castle who had entered the room for some purpose, believing it to be unoccupied. She was the woman who held my secret in her keeping-Judith Kohn, the widow of Gordon Clunes. "You?" I gasped, dumbfounded. Of all women she was the last I should have dreamed to meat in the princely home of the Haps bourgs. She stood before me, pale as death. Her lips trembled, and I saw that the encounter caused her much apprehension. "Yes," she answered in a hoarse voice, and with a painful effort to smile. "It is very strange that we should thus meet, is it not?" "I presume you are a guest here?" I said in a hard voice. She nodded in the affirmative, and slowly closing the door behind her advanced a few steps towards me. "Listen!" she said quickly in a hushed voice. "Time does not admit of argument. I know that you love Princess Melanie, and you have called upon her. In a moment she will be here to greet you, therefore our conversation must be brief and pointed. I am going to leave you; and recollect that before her you and I are total strangers." "No," I said at once. "Melanie and her family shall not be tricked by a woman of your character. remember that you and I are old friends-or enemies-which is it?" She hesitated, but only for a single instant. She was a remarkable woman, for she never lost her self-control. "Friends, if you will preserve silence," she answered in deep earnestness. "Now, Judith," I said severely, "I know full well that your presence here is for some evil pur- pose. You are no doubt passing as some wealthy well-known woman, and have, as you have so often done before, succeeded in entering the charmed circle of Society. What are you now? Countess, Baroness, or is it Duchess?" She smiled. This woman, whom I knew well to be a political agent, and whose ingenuity in that respect was simply marvellous, had un doubtedly some sinister purpose in obtaining admission to the family circle of the Hapsbourgs. I had known her in Vienna, and to me had been due her exposure and the committal of her lover Krauss as a spy and traitor. Her smile told me that she still cherished a fierce revenge; that when occasion arose she would make that exposure which I dreaded because it would ruin my good name. To act boldly was, I saw, my only course. I recollected how on the night of Gordon's death at Richmond I had threatened her, and how she had laughed me to scorn because she knew at that moment her husband was lying dead. That mystery had never been cleared up, nor had the character of the statement which Gordon had made to the chief ever transpired She was extremely handsome, this fair-haired, blue eyed woman who had so often used her per- sonal charms to worm out a secret or to entice a man to betray a confidence, and as she stood before me, a slim figure in black, she seemed to have come like an evil shadow between myself and my well-beloved. "You no doubt regard it as strange that I should be a guest here," she said, in a calm voice. "On my part, too, I regard it as curious that Melanie should love a man in whose past is a black spot, one which, if revealed, would cause the world to hound him down as a coward and a criminal." She referred to my secret. I bit my lip. "Once," she continued, "on a certain night in Richmond, you declared that you would tell my husband my true name and station; and you would have done so but for reasons to which it is now unnecessary to refer. Since then we have not troubled one another. Now, when we meet thus unexpectedly, secrecy is surely in our mutual interests." "No," I cried quickly. "I will not allow you to remain here with Melanie. You are a spy; and your presence here is with evil design." "If it pleases you to use hard words," she answered, "then I may return the compliment, m'sieur, and recall the fact that the Chevalier de Jedina was foully done to death by you. You, Philip Crawfoid, diplomatic representative of your Queen, are a murderer." "I tell you it was entirely unintentional," I cried. "I was perfectly innocent, and had no knowledge that a blank cartridge had been placed in his revolver. I shot him, it is true. But the duel was fair, as far as I was concerned. I had no knowledge that the man I killed was actually the victim of foul treachery." "Ah! you cannot prove it," she said, her face white with a fierce determination. "Your two seconds have both declared that they saw you handling your opponent's weapon." "And who were those seconds?" I exclaimed, as every detail of that horrible tragedy arose again before my eyes. "They were unprincipled spies, like yourself. It was they who introduced the blank cartridge, so that the Chevalier should be killed by my hand!" That duel, the only one I had fought in my life, had been the outcome of a quarrel consequent upon a lady whom I had escorted to dine in the restaurant of the Grand Hotel in Vienna, being insulted by a well-known politician, the Chevalier de Jedina. The insult was a most gross one, com- mitted in presence of my friends; therefore, to vindicate my own honour, I had been compelled to send my card to him. We fought next day in a wood ten miles outside Vienna, and at my first shot the Chevalier had fallen with my bullet through his heart. It was only when his seconds came to examine the dead man's weapon that they discovered that the exploded cartridge differed from the others, being actually a blank one. Then, beneath those trees in the grey light of the well-remembered morning, as I stood bending over the body of the dead man, I was denounced as a murderer. Ere that day was out, however, I saw that I had ben the victim of a foul con- spiracy, arranged for the purpose of combating my efforts as an agent in the British secret ser- vice. I had always held suspicion that the whole plot had been arranged by this woman Judith in connection with Krauss, and I still held that con- viction. Such imputation against the honour of any man was grave indeed-especially when my own seconds had been bought to denounce me. Al- though innocent I had no means whatever of proving that I had not placed the blank cart- ridge in my adversary's weapon. Hence this woman, who had afterwards so cleverly tricked her lover Krauss, had also held me in her power. "I think when you reflect," she exclaimed a few moments later, "when you consider all the circumatances, you will be inclined to agree with me that secrecy is best." "I will not allow her to entertain you without knowledge of your true character," I said with firmness. "It was you who sold the plans of the frontier forts for Oswald Krauss-you, the pro- tege of the Russian Government. With some sinister motive you later induced Gordon Clunes to marry you. Do you think that I'm blind? You have now wormed yourself into the confidence of the woman I love-in order to betray her." "And you actually mean to expose me?" she cried hoarsely, advancing towards me, her eyes flashing with a dangerous fire. "I do," I answered. "I care nothing for the charges you may make against my honour. But I tell you I am determined to save her from you. Your vile espionage shall not-" But the words died from my lips in an instant as there was a sudden frou-frou of silk outside, the door opened, and Melanie stood in hesitation and surprise upon the threshold. By the expression of her face I felt assured that she had overheard the opening words of my interrupted sentence. (To be Continued.) 