GLEANINGS. The newest chann to wear on bracelets or on if,lie chain round the ncck is a plain, gold "round disc with a note of interrogation in rw.il or shtnn diamonds upon it; and, really, imitation diamonds are so well nia.de now that it eeenw a pity to use real ones for a fancy tfaat in all probability it as ephemeral aa it is novel. The young Duchess of Marlborough is al ready showing the shrewd, astute side to her character, ISlie has studied the ma nagement of tlie Blenheim Estate, and in tends, during the absence of her husband sit the war, to manage all the affairs con nected therewith. Tims history repeats it self, ais the haughty Duchess of the- great Duke of Marlborough was her husband's steward while he served hie country. When the pries- of a pair 'of gloves is (T* consideration, it is "well ito know that, if rubbed gently with breadcrumbs after each, time of wearing they will remain fresh much longer. Then see that the buttons arc well sewn on, and the holes kept neatly mended, and fold them in white tissue paper when tlrey are not in use. If you go to a dance, dt-aw a pair of old eilk ones over your good ones to protect them from injury. The language of the' fashion plate and the woman's paper is sufficiently appalling to the uninitiated even iu_thesy days of emancipated, and, .presumably, wore gram matical womanhood; but, according to an extract from a fashion journal of 1787,"the jargon of a, century ago was even more as tounding. This is how the paper described the dress of a certain Mdlle. D at the opera:-"She appeared in a dress of 'stifled sighs,' ornamented, ?with 'superilous re grets,' the bodice cut in a 'perfect candour' po-int, and trimmed with 'indiscreet com plaints.- Her hair was dressed in 'eus .tained sentiment®,' -with a headdress of 'as sured conquest,' ftmamented with several' 'flyaways' and 'downcast eye' ribbons, and her collar was 'beggar-on- horseback,' co lour." Evidently all tfiese marvellous terms conveyed some meaning to the fashionable women of the day, | AaaiitereiriiMg palter in the -May number, of r;,'Ciloo3 Health' Considers tliat the mo? derii "skeleton ' in tiie ' closet" is tfiie un liealtfcful germ that lurks there. It is said, .remarjks the writer, fchat-every home bias its skeleton'; periiajtes not a gruesome asseini Wage of huninn bones, but w wet/hi ng.'ocm xseated from public gavxv which mars tihe' (happiness or impairs the physical,' mental/ or moral healtlli of iite inmates. ISie closet; is the proverbial hiding-place for-tAiefe ritea^ greeabic objects. .Thtose little living atOine, the invisible bacteria wliidi so often endan ger tflie heaitih of the. household; find in tiie1 ?clowus and-clutterplams of the house H most desirable lodging-jjJave. The closets are generally dark and unvoulilated, so that' they form excellent breeding-places for germs as well as uioths and Otter' undesi rable tenants. ' It has been considered unlucky to be mar ried iu May ever since the days of Ovid: In ancient Rome there was held in May a festival called the Lemuria, or feast of the Leimires, which was a, ceremony in honour of the Speeches of Departed Souls; It be came with the llomaus what we should'call.' "bad" form" to have matrimonial feasts at the season of a solemn ritual, being no ? doubt thought to be an insult to the dead to marry at such a time. From this a. number of stories grew of the revenge made; by the outraged ghosts upon, those who dared to disregard theni, and if anything" unfortunate happened to a couple wlio had been married in May it would, of course, have been put down to retribution. Ho the tradition of ill-luck varose, and iU influence' lias lasted ever, since, even to bur lime. What is the detinition of a well-dressed woman? An American magazine, recently offered a prize .of $150 for a solution of the conundrum, and.naturally had . an immense number of replies,-for, as the editor sapi ently remarks, -the question of dress occu pies -a foremost place iu the minds of ail women. The ladj^vhose.jjaper hns gained tthe prize defines .1 well-dressed- woman as one who pleases the eye of the beholder, manages to do this without extravagance . or oddity in her choice of the colour, mate-' ?rial, or designs of her costume. Many points have to be considered in estimating' the claim of any woman to be described as'1 well dressed. One quality should never be overlooked, and 'that is the suitability of the costume chosen to the weaver's posi tion, her type of face and figure, and its appropriateness to the occasion on which it is worn. Other qualities highly to be de: sired are simplicity of design, neatness and perfection as to cut- and iinish. But there is also an art of wearing clothes which' should not be overlooked, an art by the aid of which many a woman on an income' alto gether inconsiderable manages to give an impression of grace and elegance quite out' of the reacli of many of her more wealthy sisters. 