AMONG THE SHADOWS. A NIGHT OF MEMORIES. fcale gliosis Ui.it tlo revisit the cold glimpses ol Utc moon I It was fflo niglit of St. George's Day. Iu tho Domain all -was silent. Th grassy slopes of the Point, whfcli that day had lcen a macs of cheer ing crowds, was now deserted, excepting for some poor homeless vagabonds, n.<no, wrapped in coarso covering, lay sleeping heavily. The 11 g trees stretched their broad leavasv widely, and a pale moon climbing slowly up tb sky scarcely pierced their shadows; the rustling leaves, the lapping of the tide on llao rocks below, wus all that broke tho stillness; the only things that spoke of human life were the lights of the warships and those of the sleeping eltv. But, even when this calm seemed most profound, tho chiming of the distant clocks and the ships' bells broke in upon it. Solemnly revetverating, the strokes pealed out the hour of mio.'Ught, and as the lust echo quivered into silcmv, shadowy llgures, hardly more tangible than the moonlight, came gliding over the grass. The men of this ghostly company were clad in the military or naval uni forms of the latter half of George III.'s reign, while the women who accompanied thorn worn tho waistless gowns, the short, leg-of-mutton sleeves, and the elaborate head-dress of that period. Who arc they, walking >orc with a familiar air, as if it were no smu--<o ground to them? TJUcy are the spirits of tne pioneer men and women of the colony, convoked to-night from their widely-scattered rosDug-places, to rejoice tnpoihor th:if flu Irmrl to ivfitoh tliev luid sfnnrl as sponsors is growing up to such a rich ma turity. They had assembled at the open space of tho Point, where they could overlook the long sweep of water that leads out to the ocean. But even .while th.ey exchange tho greetings of long-parted Xrieuds, or conversed softly, as the sighing of the (wind, they were glancing expectantly up the road way where it ran down out of tho shadows, as if one of their number, and that no unimportant a ono, were stJll waiting. "His Excellency is late," said a soft, feminine Voice, adding immediately, "Ah, no, he is coming how." The figure in the naval uniform of more than a hundred years ago, who, baring his head, ad vanced with a stately dignity towards the group, is, indeed, no less than Captain Arthur Thillip, the founder of the colouy. The waiting company formed into two lines as ho drew near, and Cap tain James Cook, the discoverer of this country, stepped forward, with outstretched band, to re ceive him, while the men ceremoniously saluted With low bows and the ladies dropped deep curt seys. "Your Excellency," said Captain Cook, "these bravo men and fair womou have honored me by bidding mo be their speaker, though, of a truth, 'tis not my trade, and I do it but ill, I fear. AVo .would desire you, sir, to accept our most pro found and respectful compiimeuis on the happy occasion that calicth us together. Verily, 'tis a grand thing to sec your little colony, which, like a vessel you lauuched upon the waters of exist ence, make such goodly progress, and so bravely weather the storms, that now she can obey the signal of the Admiral to join th,e British fleet. i\Vc are all of us glad at heart with you, that your hardships and trials are so recompensed, and earnestly beg you to believe our protesta tions." "1 am most deeply sensible of the/honor you pay me, dear friends," said Governor Phillip; "but 'tis little of your praise that I dare claim, I fear me. 'Tis rather our brave and gallant cap tain here to whom we should all make our rever ence." "Nay, nay, your Excellency," said Captain Cook, simply. "I but discovered this fair laud, and til, en sailed away again. My nun had set ere ever our England spread her aegis over this 1 territory. 'Twas you, sir, who were her guar dian." "Well," said Phillip, smiling, "be that as it may, we all did our best, in spite of a thousand errors. And now, under God's providence, the country hath paid back our labors a hundred fold. So, friends, commending ye all for your endeavors iu the past, I give yo thauks." "With this he stepped along tho ranks with a ltindly word to each. Some, only, hud bean friends iu life, but all were to-night drawn to gether by a common pride and joy. The ceremony concluded, tho pioneers broke their format lines, and Governor Phillip liiinoolf began talking to his trusted comrade Philip Gidley King. "I owe an humble apology, old friond, to this goodly company," said lie with a whimsical smile, "for that 1 was so tardy, but, of a truth, 1 could not forbear (he delights of a stroll through my little Sydney, and thus, the hours flew more quickly than 1 noted. 'Pou my soul! What a V-lUllige. Ltil i JUU, l»a iULlGUIUtU VWAe.ewi, lo my time, when I came to break the solemn stillness with the noise and confusion of my camp. Scarce a trace remains of those days, scarce a trace. Whore our sir nam of clear water ran is now a busy highway, bordered with noble build ings, and tho streets are thronged with a weii- dressed, orderly people, who are, 1 thank heaven! free citizens. All free citizens, Madam," ho re peated, turning to Sirs. King, who stood by her husband's side. "That, indeed, is t.lio best chango of all," said sho Willi au earnest air. "'Twas a monstrous blot in our day that business of transport over-seas. To sco tho gangs of men in their hideous garb trooping from work at roll of drum, hath often grieved nto sadly. So brutish they seemed; so enslaved to tho curse of drink, that to raise them appeared hopeless. Thoy were like soulless ani mals, and often, I fear, were thoy treated worse than animals. Alas! 'twas terrible. 1 would I too had gona through our city to-night, and seen tho blessed change, 'twould sot at rest those memories that even mow sometimes liaunt me." "Believe me, dear Madam," said Governor Phillip, "'twas not a pilgrimage for ono with tho delicate sensibilities of your sex. Among those throngs I stood solitary, ami sought iu vain for ©no of those geutlo tributes to tho dead that olono givo us poor spirits a link with the present. 3xot ono of them cast a thought to us, who had labored and suffered that thoy might enjoy. "Wo are all forgotten and out of mind, they are living and we " "I' faith," said Governor Hunter, "you aro right. Yonder fort," and he pointed to Fort Deni- son with its crimson light "was built in our time, and yet it hath out-lasted us all. It stands there secure, and we who saw it rising stone by stona have passed away. AVo labored against flood and famine that the colouy might live, and row, if wo aro remembered, 'tis to be blamed end misunderstood." "Forget it, man, forgot it," cried impetuous King. "Had wc not all ©ur trials? Sure, I should know for wore tliero not floods and famine in 4my' day. And this were not enough, I was worried and baited too by those who made your task so hard. AVhat does it all matter now, when the country proves herself of so fine a mettle!" "Ccmo with mo and I will show you my favorite seat," said Mrs. Macquavie to Mrs. Alac- arthnr, so they walked to the old Chair, and there thoy found Sir Joseph Banks gazing out seaward, With a look of peace on his earnest face. "What!. You have discovered my little nook. Sir Joseph," said Mrs. Macquarie. "Wo pray you, toll us the memories you havo found there? Pleasant ones wo would judge by your smile." "Madam," said Sir Joseph, starting as if from a 'dream, as tho two ladies approached him. "I was reflecting how, like that curious growth, tho Bcuyan tree, our parent Englaud hath thrown out branches that in their turn become pillars of ©upport." "'Tis a quaint and pretty conceit!" cried Mrs. Maoarthur, "and a truo ono withal." "And you, Madam," questioned Sir Joseph, in j his turn to Mrs. Macquarie, "bath not this Chair j many memories for you?" ; Sho smiled, and passed a slender hand over I tho rough stone with a touch that, was a caress. "This domain has changed since my time," sho f said, "tho wild creatures of this land, the quaint ! . liangarcos and emus, wandered hero iu \ seclusion when I first came. Often," she wt.nt on softly, "I have sat here, but eouid Ece nought before me for a mist of tears. I | would watch the ships sailing to our dear Eng- ; land, and in thinking of these loving faces so ; many leagues away would try to forget the evils ; Ijiiawiug ever at tho well-being of tho colony." ; " 'Twas tho women who suffered most, poor I creatures;" chimed in Airs. Macarthur, as the j three paced slowly up tho slope again. "You > know how cruelly bitter was their lot; no liopo | for them, wero they ever so repentant and deslr- I ous of virtue. And it was still worse in my I early days. Ah, madam! it wrung my heart to see tho vessels arriving with more of these poor | creatures. They wore mere chattels; there was no redress for them, what wonder if they sank I lower and lower. Can aught banish theso memo- rics?" "Time, dear and honored lady," said Sir Jo seph Banks. "Time, that wonderful influence that hath changed a tiny colony to a strong com munity, sending out her thousands of armed men, can do all things." "Her thousands?" echoed Governor Phillip, Who had caught his last words. "And I started with a population of a little more than a thou sand souls all told. When I hoisted our Eng lish flag that day of 'SS 'twould have gladden my heart could I havo pierced the future, and se?n the brave manhood that, in years to come, would leave these shores to fight for his most sacred Majesty, King George III." "I say not King George now," said Mrs. Mac arthur, touching him gently on the arm; "but Queen Victoria, his Majesty's little grand-daugh ter." "Bless my soul!" cried Phillip, "to bo sure, the daughter of his Graco the Duke of Kent. God save her Majesty!" ho added, lifting his cocked hat. A slleaco fell upon the little band, and a chill wind swept over the headland. Tho pauso was broken by Governor King: "The times alter not in this, that tho end of tho cantury finds us like the beginning, at war with au upstart — 'twas Bonaparto In our day. AVell do I rcmenibor how tho news camo to us here that war had broken out again between Eng land and France. Thou, thought I, if that ad venturer should come to these shores, I'll be ready for him; so I called upon my loyal colo nists to enrol themselves for home defence, and nobly did they respond. But, Lord! 'twould have been a visionary who spoke of our sending aid to Englaud then. Now they go forth bravely and proud am I that one of my name and blood is among them. AVell, well," he went on, draw ing himself up and laying his hand on his sword- hilt, "we conquered Bonaparte; no fear but we'll conquer this presumptuous enemy likewise. And send him to St. Helena into the hargaiu. say I!" Before tho murmur of applause this speech evoked had died away, Bligh came stalking out of the shadows: he scowled at Ills ancient enemy, Macarthur. and disappeared again among tho tree trunks. "A brave upright man, if a harsh one," said Captain Cook, tapping his snuffbox, as be looked after the retreating figure, "and ono much mis judged. I know htm full well," ho continue;!, tuining to the others, "for he sailed with me on ono ot my voyages, and ho proved his courage fighting under IIowo and Nelson. Sir, a pinch with you," and he proffered his snuffbox to Sir Joseph Banks. "I thank you," said Sir Joseph Batiks, accept ing tho civility. "Commodore Bligh hath over a profound sadness; there is a stain ou his name and ho cannot rest." His'eyo fell on John Mac- ipflifi- .il< Ji.» i-.n'.l ,1.1,. i_ : <v- »»« mn>, auu iu response 10 me look Macarthur spoke. "Lot the old feuds bo blotted out with tlio ol:l sins by the deeds of the young generation; let us be iii peace/' ho sighed, and then smiled as bis beloved Elizabeth," hanging on his unit, gnsed at him with approving affection. As (hough she had heard his words, Mrs. O tonne, (he high-spirited daughter of Bligh. camo swiftly up to the group, with her husband all.',,P,V0 "arm erecting to thorn all. '"'repld explorer, and you, my dear Excellency, said she, as she dropped swimming curtseys to Cook and riilllip. "Art satisfied w ith the deeds of your nursling? Has she not acquitted herself valiantly?" Scarcelv waiting for a response sho turned to -Mrs. Macquarie. " 'Tis !i.:o old times eomo back again, Is it not dear madam, to stand here and see tho ships lying In the hay? Havo you forgotten our gaieties when the veasols came into port? I vow 'twas hard to say the melancholy word adlou when t.ie time came for thoni to depart again. Have >ou forgotten the races, and hails, and the many elegant fetes in which wo bore our part? Truly," she continued vivaciously, turning to Governor Macquarie, "it was you and your amiable iauy who gave so spirited a turn to our little so ciety. Tell me, your Excellency, you still re member those happy days!" ".Madam." said Macquarie, bowing low, "Is it probable I should forget tho honor done to mo when so much grace and boauly assembled under my roof. We had wealth and brilliancy iu our colony then," turning to Governor Phillip, "and counted the worst passed. Nay, we found leisure to pay our tributo to Apollo and his attendant muses. I'll be sworn, your Excel- lt'.i'V lltA f'lin 1 n ,1 1 o Af .eiih 1.,1 U..i c '.« "1V »» L 1 1. LIU uau UUl ItiW entertainments provided for thorn." "On my word, my dear sir, 'twas entertainment enough to escape starvation sometimes," replied Phillip. "1 toll you, 1 have known what it is to watch day by day tho stores growing steadily Jess, to eoo my people suffering hunger, and not know if the fresh supplies would arrive in timo to save us from perishing. My heart hath often failed me." "Nor through it all did his Excellency forget the duties of hospitality," broke in Macarthur, with a chuckle, "though we who wero his guests were bidden to bring our own bread with us to the feast." Phillip ciiniled :u$ more pleasant memories camo back io hliu. "At least, if we had no leisure to pay court to Apollo aud his tuneful muse, wo ever acknowledged tho claims of beauty and vir tue, even iu the midst of our straits. AVhen our little feast was spread, scanty though it might he, there was always a roll there for Mm. Macarthur!" and ho made a courtly bow to the lady. She. smiling, curtsied her acknowledgments, and the little group rippled with laughter. "You deem us all very fiighty, I fear me, Cap tain Cook," said Mrs. O'Connell, looking up Into the strong quiet face of the great explorer. "Honored madam," replied he, "if I am sileut, 'tis because I am thinking, that, fair as were the flowers that Sir Joseph Banks and I found in this land, we missed the fairest flowers of all. in tho amiable aud bravo women who did not fear io share the hardships of our pioneers." "Well said. Captain." cried King, patting his wife's hand as it lay on his arm. "I wonder what the young man who hath the post of Governor now would say to our struggles and hardships." quoth Governor Hunter. "He liath not to think of food and clothing for his folk, and yot in my timo I was hard put to it for both. But, 'tto said that ho resembleth ms in ono thing; there? bo but few ladies of his household." Airs. King, smiling archly, would have made reply,' when a gesture from Governor Phillip gave her pause. run U. cdlU Ul, \WU< IIOL lullL UlC QlhUlUl call of Chanticleer? And look, dear com- j panionw, in the east appeareth that first faint ray that, heralding tho approach of Phoebus. ; announccth our departure. Men who labored j in those early days, and you, dear women, who t aided us, bo at peace. Tho evils of those times are vanishing, the good alone remaineth. Soon, I trust, we shall meet again to be glad together over fresh achievements of our little land. Till then, my brothers aud sisters, farewell! Fare well!" ' Even as ho spoke, tho glimmering of light in the cast had brightened, the ghosts looked towards the slumbering city with a tender half-mournful look in their spirit eyes, and then, with parting gestures, faded swiftly as they had come. The i glory of an Australian sun rose on tho sea aud land, the songs of the birds mingled with tho music of tho lapping waves, the bugle call sound ed from the warships, tlio stir of life overflowed the silence. Day had come. M. 