SOUTH COAST NEWS FROM VARIOUS SOURCES. Fon Ohronlo Chota Complalnts, Woods Groat Poppormlin Ouro. I lOd, MAJron P, T, OwN has boon Iwvalldo:l homeo ron, IKmborloy. Tlm Mlalonlo Dall, W\oliuogong, ltakon plaou thu ovoening, hin, Amrx, IlAv'O brido-olnot (Mla Ilurdekln) was ninoloon on tho 20th May. Don't forget th (rantld Arillory lDoll, to hn hold I \Vollongong on Jully 4th1 1000, A conunLan stake, miteud to Alblon Park aroeyhounds, will be ran at thl Hlolmore Oaurnlng Motultl In July, Mon, i1. lntrm?arootr , Jtnl,, I?io on. corod a oholoo litlu o lrr, ia tr mlloe out of Llamoro, THt?mnu are hlitllo Iln lo-Jay's lato for palntino tiho Interior of tho Klaion -'ulroh of IEnCglntd. Tin (orlogRing ILawn Tonnia OClb Is now in Ifull swnl, Ihaving a temporary oourt at tho Publl Bahohol ground, LAutr Haturday' Janmlrno (unit1ol mnlltng Inlprd for want of n uorllltll only faur nldorman turningl up, Onermsne,, go In A. Boles' and buy n Compltaa with pencil attached for drawing only Id thu lota ON Monday thie Ma yor and Counnll Clerk visited Nowra for the Irrposo of onquiring into the working of the water worka thure, TIN order to conpo wll, the ilteroeao ofi tra.le, Meurse. Fadden anrd lItborts are about to ereot two extra cruslers at the blue motel quarry at tOmeron'e 11111. A Par'ITr?o Is being asgned asking the Mayor of Klama to ea'l a public mIetineb to considertho advisability of forrling a Fire Brigade for Kitcma, ht. Cunr, has boon apintepltd manager of the Maoroo Meadow Dairy Company's oreamery. .ttr. Curl was formerly mltnoa gerof the butter faotory at Wattaruoll. MKllsls, A. .hAY and II. D. Mirtorl, of Coolacnitta, have boon admitted mosabors of the Sydnoy lHunt Club, Mr. Morton has been elected also to a reat. onl the Oommitteoo for the Ourront year, Tat alorry Council iras declined to co nperate with the LoTohhardl Council in rrging the Government to aplpoint a nrrn bor of sanitary irrpeotars.to carry outthre provisions of the Publio Health Act, lhis Eminence thie O rdinal Archbishop of Sydney, is to make a personal appeol in aid of S., Mary's Oathedral, Sydntly, at St. Franlre Xvilor's Ohuroh, Wollongong, on Sunday, thae 15ht of July. Tile Albion Park ' IIorald' is of the oprinio that the human thring who delights in uoch pranks as )rlaying.hoe ghost should be tethered all night to a ojeriantas' neat. ill pirformancen would then be full of spirit, TIac Mayor of lClaoea desires us to reomind the public of the meoting to be hold in the Onuneil Chamber to-morrow ovening at 7.30, to arrange for euitably cel'brating tila cmplollon of the water norks,. Tirtn was a big liakage of gas near the Cathollo Ohurch on Mloanday night iowing to ono of the maiea boing damaged by the blasting inl coanootion oith laying the water pipes. The losa in tile rquantily of gas was cotleldorhble, ON Saturday last Mr. Harry Boyle took up a collection at the football mtatolh on Church Point, with the result tihai he recolved £1 10s for the Kiamn Iloe lttal, This amount will be subesdisod by a similar sum from Governmeont, Tiar Sunday School Alniveorary of MoIuoman Crook was held one Sunday, Mlny 1th. The RovesW.. Dinnling, Proesident of the Conforenou andl T, it, Thurlow, preached, In the ovonlrg Mrs. Dilning conducted thile service anid the plaoc ?r?s thronged. BY 'spoolat request' the OCaptan of the local Salvation Army played I The Absent Mindedd Beggar' and 'Kllarnoy ' on Sra. tarday night to a large crowd in front of the irlghton Hotel, Tho skipper, who is a irtearlans cornet player, recolved 7o 10d -about 7e more than an ordinary colloc. A thie last Beory Ct-uercll meating a Bolong ratopayor wrote appllylng for permisslon to run a elide along the )ialong road as far as Bomlaerry as tire atate of thie road was too bad to drive a cart along. This opletleo avoked a amile, 'ie is getting at us properly,' an aider. maan interjeeted, (ON Tuesday next the first goneral mooting of searoholders of the Farmers' Ot.oporallvo Compnny will be hold In the Temporanoo Haill, Ilama, The business of the mooting will be to elect eleven dl. roetore Ih lieu of Provislonnl Diroeotor and to confirm the Ariloles of Asmoolatlon as prepared by the Provisional Directors. Onr, important oilselon (sys Ilho Timoes') was made from the nnnual report of .Lio Milton Agricultural 8O. olety's Committeo, No reference was rIado to the *oducative effoect' of th presonoo of the swindlllg fraternity, whose appeoraneo on Iho groulnd should he prohibited at fiuture sit ws-eonocially take'down mon of the chain and purse trickery, 'Pun tentdor of Mouern, ltFadden and Robeorts las boon anoeptod for Ithe upply of moalllo brnkon metal to the OII? Otunoll, at 7a 7ad per toon, dollvorod a Darling Hlarbour, Monere, Fullor anld 8nn's tondor at 8s por ton for mttal aier livorod on Ith wharf, was Poonptoed, Mr. Jutlon M'8woonoy also aoooradn aInlrnot for supplying metal at Ashlleld at 8 nlt por toll, An statod in our last iltno, theo ino Onborno liateto, at ItKnuaron Valley, hlna boon loamodl by Mho. P. Ii. M totnl, It Is Mr, hMorlon's ntention to tako' up his ronldnotin thoro, eo havling dioponod of bla Rusloy p'nporly oil thIt Hunter River, Dllrlog last wootl Mlr, Alfortoan'o podllirno onttlo anld horeos waor romovnl front ltteasloy to (ho Valloy, iat Mlons Valeo, Ttt ' Millton TPhuil ' wrllotant-A parl. patotlo tn inorolhnnt, whllo don ' thias dtln. mtrlt, ntunll novoral ptoranins In Nolwra thin wook for the value of ol0h)n ton suppliedl, Onto woaln nI?allt 'Ili o ti an ag? nt was tnltoh a tnulatnnoto, andt womldl tlint tanlt Nio ' lor an answor, lthat slho ogve hItl ordear to sot rid ttf limn, alltlhough? o ldt l niot wanlt Ils too,' 'Ptlltn olTiga:l rdtlor was folr 121ha, though ill thlt involoo the lo lltntity wnn not daown iot 201hn, aill a tv(ttl itt vwa gIIVOll for tin Iprioo of 19tha., A GERRINGONGITE, who shall be name- less, writes:-'I send the enclosed lie. If it is worth printing, do so, and I will send more later on if required; but don't put my name to it. The lie is as fol- ows:-' A Gerringong farmer sowed a pumpkin seed last year. It came up. It grew; it spread; it bloomed; at last pumpkins came; then a shower of rain came; and the vines grew that quick that they it wore the pumpkin out dragging along the ground. ' Tio Ilorry wtnler supplly quentinll wna ndvnllood anlllothr slago nt WVadnnasny, whil a roslttlllll wvalls narlli tll Itov h Iath woirk osarrlid out, All tti Alloratton with ltho anoptitnt oft Ahlorateain iioyd, aigntll thlo iloonrytll aitandil, Aldloratt Iloydll whol ovllo'lly forgot tllht Iht wna a raaro. onloatlvo ill tio rlatenytrn, iloltielolld, tan theo rlntual tit i It diid nltt nlfot ifhi l and ten had tao tanaitsl whliolh never ruln sllorl ofl water,' Aldorltanl pllrutlol I linov ial a oreolk l runningl Aldlrlantlll loyd I Not into the lanllk. Tig ,.IItiluntem (overunoment liurch astd rocuutly fromt the Odlnogtt tta I?tetu three pure.brud Ayrshire haifure by the colo braltd bull Rob Roy, 'T'heeo nnmals were iall nubjeuted to tle tuboroulin toat nld all suceossfully passul. Svoen young Holstoln bulls havo b, on sold to a Queens load purchanor for dairy "ires, and two Durham dairy balls by the imported bull KIdtth'ly havo boon purchansed during the la.t tow days by Mr. Johl James, of Rust Voally, iOerrinluog, and onu was uroaeod by Mr. W. Dunator, of Shell. AT a largely attended meeting of resi- dents in the Gerringong School of Arts on Saturday night last, it was unanimously decided to establish a reading room in connection with the institution. Office bearers were appointed as under:- Patron, Alex. Campbell, Esq., M.P.; President, Mr. John James, J.P.; Vice- Presldent Mr. M. J. Hindmarsh; Trea- surer, Mr. W. Nelson ; Secretary, Mr. J. P. J, Noble: Committee, Messrs. James Miller (Renfrew Park), H. J. Foreman, W. J. Bailey, P. Deitz, and Geo. Brown; Auditors, Messrs. M. J. Hindmarsh and Geo. Brown. The Committee met on Monday night to draw up rules and requ- lations for the new reading room. 