LAREIVIE LL TO BISHOP' THURNTON. In connection with the farewell social tendered by tle congregation of St. John's Church to Bishop Tlornton (who is held in high esteem throughout the diocese) on Monday evening last, the chairman (Mr G. F. Sydenhanm) in making the presentation of the illuminated address, said they all deplored the reasons that had brought them together, namely, to bid farewell to His Lordship. Tie committee considered that they could not let the occasion pass without some recognition of the valuable services that had been rendered by Dr. Thointon, and had consequently prepared the address to convey their feelings of sincere regrett ahis departure. 1is Lordship, in reply to the ad dress, which was. published in our last issue, said lie accepted the beauti ful address with deep gratification, andl thanked the chairman especially for the kind words with which lie had accom panied its presentation. Peculiarly grati fying to him were the references made to Mrs Thornton and their son. He went i on to say there was some misunderstand- I ing about that night's gathering. When I tell you that I was engaged to preach at Port Fairy to-night, and had to wire off the engagement only a few days ago, when I learned that I was expected here, you will see that I had not at all realised that I was understood to be spending to night in Colac. I could not, of course, be so discourteous as to refuse, when it ap peared that you had been led to expect my attendance at a kindly meeting held to take leave of Mrs Thornton andatmyself. But you will not think it ungracious, if I tell you frankly, th:it I lihve shrunk very much from leave takings, and have begged off several farewell meetings tendered me elsewhere, and have succeeded in prevent ing any formnalDioccsan farewell gathering being held at all. It las been commuted at Ballarat for a great ceeting on 6th July, for starting our 20th Century Fund. Do not think the reason for all this has been that I feel no tender regret at part with my many friends in the diocese. The reason is precisely the antipodes of that; I feel so very deeply about it, that I dread very much indeed the strain upon one's emotional nature of any occasion in which the bidding of farewell to tried friends is emphasised, as it muist be at a meeting ex pressly convened for that purpose. You can uproot a plant of one season's growth in your garden with a twist of your ho ; but when a tree has been growing on one spot for a quarter of ai century, you can't dig it up and cart it away, to be dumped down (wo will say) many thousands of miles off without a tremendous wrench, and it is astonishing what a quantity of roots and fibres the ,thing proves to have acquired-if it has been a "live" thing and what'a deal of pullingand tearing and grubbing the transplantation involves! I felt a very great deal in leaving England in 1875; but I had only been working there 17 years after leaving college; for the succeeding 25 years of my working life I have been an Australian. To quit for ever the home of'25 consecutive smumers is no small change in any man's life; and, as I hope I have not.less heart than any average "human," and my wife also, you can well understand that when last Friday I definitely engaged our passage to South Africa, and realised in downright earnest, that I had only a few weeks more in this country, something would get up in my throat, and'tender thoughts would insist on rising within me, for it is a very hard fact for us to-day that our career in. this beautiful and deeply interesting coiuntry is now, indeed, all but over Twenty-five years ago to-day, we were being fearfully knockded about in a three days' fierce gale in a- comparatively small' sailing vessel some 700 miles off the Cape, en route to Hobson's Bay. -We had a very- little boy with us there. The weather ;suited him exactly; and, while I lay in my berth at night, awake hour .after hour, listen ing to the waves cannonading the dead lights, or watching through the air blinds, avalanches of water pouring in from the upper deck down into tho cuddy, lie was sleeping as soundly as he does at the Par sonage now, no doubt after a afrd week's ride in the forest.' Woll, we? weatlered that- gale, after only two or three cabins had been burst in, and a few sails had made off to Australia on their own account, torn into ribbons: and on the 5th August I found two Melbourne pilots breakfasting on board. Another fierce gale drove us down Port Phillip to Sandridge, and our life in Victoria commenced. My friends it is no easy task for a timid, anxious beginner, to be first Bishop of a new Diocese like this. It took me years to understand my Diocese, and perhaps for it to understand its Bishop, I think. I was told by a knowing churelichin the other day that for a long time people thought I was proud and distant and " stand-off,', and were afraid of me! What an extra ordinary delusion! How true it is that We are spirits clad is veils 3SIai by mani is litt!e known s The fact was I was timid and inexperienced. I am neither now ! I shall not forget my first visits to Colac. Mr Jennings, of the National Bank (I had a very nice letter from him the other day) used to entertain us. and UMr Farrington and Dr. Foster. Mr Wagg, an excellent clergyman, now at Mortlake, ministered in your little, quaint, dilapidated church. Mr Green followed father of a brilliant son, now Bishop of Grafton and Arnidale. Church affairs were not always encouraging at Colac. But we have not time to chlroniicle all its church history! It was in dear Mr May's time that you took the now church in hand, and a really beautiful church it is and looked lovely last night, crammed with as attentive a congregation as I ever preached to in my life. Then cameo John Kirkland-With Iis broad back and any amount of muscle on it, his big chest and any amount of steam in it, and his large heart with any amount of love in it, and Ihis round head with any amount of " know " in it. As for the present incum bent, you won't expect me to appraise his value. If I tried, one might say to me what His Honor on the bench replied to a prisoner to wlihom he had given a heavy sentence. " You're no gentleman," said the prisoner. Tihe court paused to hear what would follow. " You're no judge," said Hits IIonor. So you might say to ume, " In this case you're no judge." No my pirticiulir relation to the clergy man of this parish miay diminish my im partiality; but it must needs intensify my interest and love for tihe parish itself, and the congregation which he is trying to serve. We leave" himn here with you: he is absolute master of his own actions; and when I'decided that it was my duty to go away, I pefectfly understood that spy doing so need have no effect on Ihis movemeoits, wh?clh I know he will allow nothing to determine,, except his duty to God and His church. Je 'told Ipe, as I fully expected, that he should stay at his work hero; and liis decision is perfectly right. We can onsly be happy in this world as long as we pursue unflinchingly the path marked out for us by a clear sense of duty, and ask- not, " What should Slilke to do ?" but, " What will the Lord Ihavo me to do?" I hope nmy fellow churehuson in this -Diocese have seen reason to believo that their first Bishop lias been, with all his deficcioncios, at least an honest man, vwho has striven to do htis duty. I did not expect to gain, nor have I gained, the applause of all sections of people in the colony. When Bishop Moorhouse left, ho .said, in the crowded Town Hall at Mel ourpie, " I have been the spoiled child of Victorvia", l.d tlbero was truth in it: his brilliant talents and public gifts andprivate worth made hlimn, one may tspy, universally popular. Without his talents a iul gifts, and only sharing witllh him ti e assonati desire to serve God and the Churcll to the best of such abilities as I havu, I lsavo not known the (perhaps not always whole some) pleaseurs of being anybody's " spoiled child:" but every mlila hal Ihis gift and call ing of God; and what lie Iha to do is to make the best lie carn of it, and not trouble Ihis head as to whether lie becomes populsar in so doing or not. But enough on the personal subject. What should interest us sost is the great sacred cause in which we areo sli;ted, the momentous work tile clergy anld ltty af Christ's Church in this world hlae got i.n hn?d. fJ pm bound to say I think tlhe Chirohi of Isugloaet in SWest Vietori, throsugh 'Giod's 'hitry--all the praiso be to .Iljm, no credilt to ou-ii selves--is in ia far' bttiar unilitiu n an (1101 than it was in 187. -As ftr ymvr odwn pariah, thero is no question at tll about it! Not that your work here is done! There's youf church debt. I know you are grasping that nettle manfully. Do it "with both hands, earnestly !" 1 don't forget your grand collection when I came last Christmas ! I hope you will re peat that dose ! It's a dose of poison, not nedicino! We wan't that debt to wither, and languish, and die, and give up the ghost ! Oh ! how I wish I could have been asked to preach its funeralsermon! That treat awaits that interesting person-for whom I feel an intense love and sympathy, already, though I havn't a notion who he is, my unknown successor. Only show him the kindness and loyalty you had shown for his predecessor, and he will enjoy his visits to Colac, I can promise him. Well, give that debt no more peace than Lord Bobs gives the Boers! Hanmmer it, and hammer it, and hammer it, again and again, and again ! Once it towered up to wards £2000. Well, you've bashed it, and bashed it, till you beat it down below the four figures. I want to see it brought to its two knees (to two figures). Why, Hamilton owed £8000 once on its church, and it was £4000 not very long ago. Last month I consecrated Hamilton church without a farthing of debt on it. How was it done ? Not by lotteries and raffles, ladies and gentlenien. No, not even by bazaars. Though I am not pronouncing any sweeping condemnations on these, if properly conducted. How, then P? Well by dint of prayer, to begin with; by dint of ladies, to go on with; lady collectors' of small sums, at short, regular intervals; by dint of straight giving. Oh! its the cheapest way, it's the surest way, it's the Bible way ! I'm so glad you have begun so creditably with your missionary collecting, gifts to that sacred, premier cause of Christ's Church never meant loss to any Christian congregation yet, and never will. I rejoice to know that your district is at the present time one of the most thriving in the colony, and I know well that some of you thriving Colackers, or "Colac kians," or "Colackites," or "Collectites," or whatever you are called, have been very good and very liberal. Let all be the same, " each according to his ability ;" it matters nothing how much we give. What matters is, its proportion to our means. Often the "cool" thousand (as it is most fitly called) of rich selfishness is not really more-more in God's sight-than the humble silver minimum of the poor widow and her likes. I am old fashioned enough to believe in a tenth for God as a profoundly true principle. If our rich folks gave that, our Cathedral could go up next year; and if a man with 20s a week only, gavre 2s to Christ, would He let him lose by it, do you suppose? There's the Parsonage! Iwish you'd paperit. In a month I shall be an unemployed man of very limited means, but I would give a piece of paper out of a cheque book myself towards paper for the parsonage, if a "Papering Fund" were started. And paper is so cheap! And Colac is so well off! But perhaps the incumbent prefers the ghastly white walls himself. I have not asked him : and I know the last thing he would wish me to plead for would be anything for his own comfort and interest. My friends, our glorious Church of Eng land is, and always should bet-must be, indeed, on the whole-upon the upward grade! Like our forces in South Africa, like our troops at Waterloo 85 years ago to-day she is winning all along the line. " The Cross is in the field" to-day. The Cross must win the field to-morrow ! Be on the winning side, unmistakeably, every one! No pro-Boer, please, in the Church's great campaign ! Be loyal Church of Eng. land people! Stick to the Church of your baptism and confirnmation! Don't gad about from denomination to denomination ! "A ro'ing stone gathers nao fog," the Scotch say "fog," being I believe, Scotch for "moss." I know a canny Scot re joined: "Aweecl, and what gude does the fog do to the stane ? and a ro'ing snawball gathers mickle snawt!" Well, the sort of moss that gathers on a persistent church. man does hin a deal of good and others also, and as for snowballs we don't want churchmen like snowballs- chilly things, only good for knocking other people about, and sure to melt into a nasty mess when a nice sunny day comes round! Cleave to the Church of your foreofathers! -Never leave her until conscience obliges yoet to do so, in order to follow Christ! We must go outside any " camp " to follow Him, but I don't think that necessity is ever likely to arise for you. But I have almost ex hausted your patience, which I know you have strained, considering that I shall never trouble you again. I thank you a thousand times for your loyal and friendly kindness to Mrs Thornton and myself, and may God have you all for ever in Hi holy keeping! Vocal and instrumental selections were rendered during the evening by Messrs A. Stevens and F. Gill, Mr and Mrs W. J M'lntosh, Messrs R. J. Hearn, and B, Marshall. Refreshments were handed round, and the proceedings throughout were enjoyable in character. 