The Revelhurst Mystery i (Co vzarr Sowr Srorx.) Pl 6,Thu man must be taught his place' and how to beep It ; he doen't know it." " I think he does, cousin Dick." ,"Does hel Much you know ot the matter, Elizabeth t Anyone can see that you haven't been herd long."' The girl raited her eyebrows and smiled. "How long have you been here, Dick; That Is, how long has the estate been the property of the Holdena - "IMy gran~dather wanqeuire for ten yeous nazyfather for thirty. I myself have been head of the fually for ten." He drew hiseelf up as he answered.. Squire Holden was a "s·omebody" In the county. The girl ebrged her ahouldern an she, aeonted on her nger in an absent man n·rt. t are you calunlating, E!iz beth9" *" "Oh, only the years I Zfind ih±. for! every Itn that the io!ddeno 'have held. Chelham Hall, the oevcls have poseosned Reveolh~at for a hundred. Firve hundred against itfty ~av Log odds. Dl;ek.'* "Wl naM.do yoe o. .E'oto:h 1 You i don't ooee to c.:v w:ethr Ir inoattod or not !" I The rl laou;hed c.e'.?n., and her laugnh exasperated h:r cousin to the exploeion point. •.1[ Dy tprae n ' he cried, "'1it note answer for myself it the raer=l puasi down my hurdle agan ! There will be mischef done one of these dsye mark my worde, if the 'yeoman,' as he a?ls hImself, goes to far ' . "Oh, Dick, Dick " laughed his comustin. "You need a wife to keep you within bounds" The Squire flounced out of the room, unable to control his temper further. " My dor, you irritate Dick too much," aid the other'occnpant of the roo, a fair, getl woman of dflry-£, the Sqoire' moterher and nomlntl misteos of Cheihm . "Be will be doing so=, thing raah,l? fear." "Oh,hee al rlgh? .unt Anne I aer him goIng off to the epinney with hin gun. Butwhat is it :al ?uolt Why ie he ao ng3ry with the 'yeoman,' as hei calls Mr Rerel T' " I's a right of way, my dear. 1"o00 seethe peop!e hare need a nhoet cot: between the village of Htigh and Lower Revel from time lnmemorial. The path lies aroes' some fields of Reveltrset Farm, and croeses the brook by a bridge, which the rsevel have always kept in repair. The path this ,ide of the water akin the eapiney, ad a goo dal of damage has been done to :he yonn g trees Istely-to anch an rextent that Dick resolved to close the path on h?i de, and has had a strong hnrdle put up at his end of the bridge. Roger Revel sya that he has no right to dols the path, and twiceo the hurdle has been removed-whether by the people or by his order Incan't ay. hut more damage han been done, and ichard declares that it Iis nr Rerds falL , ihea had high wrords with him, I believe, and, a your o?uin's unfortu nate temper breaks oat on the least oppo sttion, I am in toeror ltst it sheuod carry him too far." Elihbeth's lip crled. She looked atoe her conin t?tidiog away towazds the wood. " Why doen't be marry i He i`nta boy; and a woman of epirit and etronug will wou!d keep him and his temper under control," she aid, curtly. "I think he wil maPry If the pereon he wants gives him encouragement," her andt aud; and ElLaehth drummed to the windaow and frowned. i "The peeon tay have a diferent opi. ninu"---ehe smlled, as ahe rwtched the Squire going brisly towards the wcood "Whbt ?diferen in distane dot the abort cut make?' s2e asked, e?adenly. "More than a mile," answered Mrs Holden. "But come, my dear, it Is time for our drive. I have to match some silk at LerkdgtoeL" It wa a delightiul ahternoon, and they took a long drive. On their homeward way frs Holden pointed ont Rtevelhrmt In the distalnce. " We are quite to miler from it by the road, but the short tt passes It lawn. It is a eautif?li old haose,"slhe tols herinrace; and Eilzabrth, looking at the rquaint gables and pcieneys viible crer low trees, conld qurte believe it. "Haa the Squire retumned!" skedi the mistreaas of Chelham, when they roe entered the Hall "No, madam--msater is np-t home," anrswered the bntler. "'n rather glad that Dick is late. I want to rest and be hzy while I can," id Elizabeth, with a laugh, o she poured ot tea. " Bet what noise Is that, auontlie I He mmt be hack nand scolding somecn." A eonfined sound of excited talking came from below, lollowed by a woman's 'shrin Maresm. Both Ildlea asiarted to their feet. "Good he?avens, what can itbe I Don't ring, Elizbet--ga and fied out r" f'1 tered Mrs BHoden. In that edate, well ordered'household a acream was a pooi tire terror. Elabeth flog opeo the dour and looked from the gallery into the hail beneath, whilat her aunt, tremblng, stood behind her. A numser of servante, male and female, crowded together in the sep?ce belors. C~rleswoth-the bailif--was in the centre. He hld by ito collar the Squire'I dog-Da-a? d was taking rapidly. "He's done it,for sar," he was ?ay. Ing, " else why a ould he be out o' the way,an' thbhezata-howlin' in the opinney Ied to atree to keep him heom follow in,'t "Alnd is the pore feller done fort' asked a sbaky female vaice. "Prettyolgh, Itake it-as near done as a man can be au' yet have breath in hia body," wao the bailiffe answer. What is wrongt Who is hurt1 And where is the Squire "' demanded EliZ.: .beth, imperatively. Her heart had died within her at the ran's mwords, but her voice rang out clea- as a bell. The bailii looked up, too she r.ew in aer breath with a stifeiEd cry at o- ht of his face. She prayed slently that .hr ut might not hncee on i±. Chr e; wOrth OcmC up th aobL to alnwer h-r. "WL iWe... tlisi tere tbo ill tod in the op:macy, a-horlia; dreadfia, n in, and nt ftar ~aoy ie c~nme upon 3 r Itsete, a' Ieresaierv, lyie' in the leon greas an' fGR. We've tnken hi homO, an' thyO Sca: .or Leke diCeor, eia."n No wao.e ci hL eoser-no allneioo to hls loCg a~btece! BSt Ellzeteth kne o perfectly well whot a! uhose eseo=rlel there were thlinkleg. A, she tan~rn back into the pr-etty, cool dra-'lo.gr o, as vw her own awfuil d'eai -flectd in heer aunt's ashen foce. WitecoC a cry er i! ~ob, both alike fr-esn i- hLet'or, the: two women sa=nk pon the cosch. So tLhey remoried- fer essoc time, ti , rthe sond of ca;er vaocea .jd takhtco t aootemient dfn awas. Then .N?lot.lth roae, swiftly, impatnastay. " Aunt Anne," the tid, in s stnrained tone, "lI am g?fog to csine for iuchard's hsin as far ias x m lies. It wa I who goadoi him Into fyry lit'y y ril mocak cry. I on goin; to 'lrelnarat'" Her eyes were aeeri-an fever-hly. In the soft anrman trilight they chcne ioe stoar. Her aunt lokeh cp hope'lesly. "Ysc, gs,' ht sacod, with .'src-o apahy. "RLn ?,es:.il noa o hlam,) zo ni?~t, so It dCaen't m.aser; we can tai! him when hE comeas m n." "I den't think they will tead mc a-ay, anut. You now I am = fully qa!ifed nurra of SL. Sabiaa'*, and thes -O neat Ilko:y to find one here." "to, they will not cend yos oway," her an repeatetd, with istony apathy. " ie ha~s no wife, no mother, or estoer, I knosw," sa.id the gil, pltiRfUnlly--"only an olil, old yzndmother to mourn for Oh, an;t Annrme, it is f n the power of woan to ate hiss, 11 do it, for yaar' .l0e and Dick'h! Tell Dirt that if he romen home." oh ce , pssiontely. " Yes 1' tell hint, dear," said Mre 'And 1'1i come oer, tr und et arty morow," raId Elizabeth. as she kised her aunt's pale cheek and harried away to her room, where she dressed herself hastly in her old hoopital uni crm. She toee the short cot by the brook. As heo pso. the spinncy, she had n reIease feeling that etmeone wee watch ing her; she wa. certsin that she head the hard breathing of a man behind a lndmtp of tall ferms and onng spere pc?s. She ·osed, her palsos throb bing. b Dick,'* she whisp~rd, tremslously "Dicr k" There was no answer, no sosnd but the aint rearm of leaves stirred by the eren ta breeze, and, hali relieved, hf rgh toned, she hastened on. The door under the deep porch of Revelharbt stood wide open, and, when she stepped into the hall, not a sound wet iudible. A hush as of death or sor row brooded over the place. On either had w hre dors; In front of her a grt woi a slairase with carved cak balustero wound upward in the gloom. Almost e,?one?ieouoly she went up, to find her self on a hestd lnding with passages to riht an ?l ft. That to theright was dar-, bhnt from a door in the other a light sreomern. 'Slre that it must be the room she eantod, she went forward sofldy, puThed the door open, and entered. It was no aik rom. but a lrge airy cimb-;r, quaintiy foonlhed, and cheer i with a ighrt fire and brilliant lamp. In a handsome earred chair by the harth, seri cashioes around her, and her feet on a high footstool, sat the tinieat, dain~tiest egi 3nlf layiainbe ttired is a hio.e? ilk gown. with asaft white ahasrl and lace cp ashe looked ?Ike a picture,. feor her tr?rod' face was peaceful, and the celo?ar dark eyes under the snow whits hahir we carlm as? chld's. She loo-ked at Elizabeth qmuety. SWhy doesn't Hesb cmeal I harve .--ed for it all round and can't dand ift," she saie, patiently. "It0 was same suit knitting dropped beid wher char. As Elirbeth plked it up and laid it upon her lap, the sweet old fahae brightened. " Thanlk you! You are the now maid, I ouppsse F Willyou pleasetotellHea. ta come Roger must have oaled her aw ay," the gentle voice said; and E zo beth suddenly realised that this must be Roger Revel's grandmother, and she was noconecious of her grandson's dreadfl candition. Another reqnest to "call Hes?bl" sent the girl into the paseage with a sob in her throat, though her eyes were hctand dry. Another door opened a~ddenly as she went out, and three women appeared. The foremost, a houseneeper by her d--ess, came quickly towards Elizabeth "0O, Lroe, I'm glad you've ?me so moon! He has turned us out; he says he're no good with mater so terribly hurt," She turned bac to open the doer as he spoke. Eliztth slipped off her cloak and bonnet, took her nurse'a cap from her pron-pocket, delivered the mesae about Heaa a he pinned it on, and then entered the bedroom eottly. A large hardrrnme room it was, with a great cano pled bed, over which two men were bending. Oneof them looked up as she advanced. "Who is ?it ' he a.sked, in surprise. "' I am RosEs Elizabeth Douglas, of St. Sbina '. I am visiting near, and heard of this case. I thought I might b Iuseful," she maid, calmly. The doctor's keen glance Man over her as h spioke. a Very god; you may," he sid, curmtl; and she took her place at one. With that awful sccret in her heart shbe worked quietly on, but the natmre of the fearful injurles perplexed her. Once ahe caught the Doctor's eye. "1 thought he had been shot," she murmured. "No, hladgeoned," answered the Doec tar, and resmned his task; and Eliza beth'e pole fae go epaler. Only when itw all Snshed-when the broken bons were set, the ghastly wounds hidden under their bandages, and the nill eaoneioes man had been made as c?.mfortable as posinble-did the Doc tor reek agani. "'I depends now on his constitation and your nursing," he said. "I think they may carry him through. But It is A erygeave case--wee you not socapable, I ehoeld say almont a hopeleks one. I shall return again at mldniht; he may be cnosnlous then. In the meantime, I advie you to rest" She bowed her acquieamenea, and the Drctcr and his a~istont left her to her . ciL I ashe looked down at the man whose life she had vowred to ,'e, she cried in her heart "I wil wve him, with Hesven's help 2 For auntie's sak Deck most not be a nmrderer." Roger Revel mot have been taken un awares. He was taler, broader, and altogether mere mnselar than Dick; he waas older, too-probaSly ten years olter than her coandn, who was thirty-one. 1lner as Fa magnificen EngrLshman; bhnt hi mrdeou lant kid beaten the eplendld strength ont of him, and It would take weeks to regain iL Elizabeth sighed as aho realised the fill measure of her task. Presently her supper wee brought by the hosekeeper, who tatked eof:ty while Elizabeth ate. "' Poor moam is in a sadl wvay beucare Mlr Roger hs not bidden her 'Good night,"' shesdd; "and we darn't toll her. MayIb we'll need to send for 3Isa Amy. She's a sort of di?tano ?nnection; tot they do azy an mrter is glogh to marry her." The latter prt of the eon tenca wa uttored in a toue which shotred that "?ile Amy' wias no favodte. Elilzbeth omiled. "You muton't anf aeyeoiy till he I Doeuor gieso permtntlon," she mid cod I t~he housekeeper nmilsed, too, at eing I understood. '" Oh, I;ogrer, my dar, why dido': you nome to y ' Good nght Yo= should havCe reminded ki., Wad," said- n hio tiv vouico behitd them,: and there in the doorvay eood a p.theti HItole igure 3 a desi~g-gown and close t?lin crap, oalmly rego.rotg them. I c"Dar hteta?co !" cried the ho=se ki eeper, star.inug to her feet in dismay; be tezno ethr.a had on her arm re I Leove it to me," she seid quickiy, itu ?ert *witly to that Unteady li:ttle ifnrce, ehicnd whom Idei?a, a comely c tnse7 maid, stood wringing her hands. Eliznbheth took the old lady's arm ender her o-n. ' He wa tired; his had athed. Brt you an koa hlm nor-he ts soeep," nshe a.S gent'y, and the pit?o?- old flae gr:?r bright ig?'.'a "o I r :l'; I won': rake hin, my por ~~i." And, Epportd bOeteeCn her maid ed ELizaeth, he went to the bed aide. The curtainm w dmwn baok, the neft old fa?c we pr'sued agaienst that ple <1 on the pillo-, and the girl Ip~ke aJ.in gently. " You will ze?ey comforttbly now, and will b betteor to-morrow," nhe sid, and 'h to:y tortering iguro went happlty a-ay wih Herbs, whrilt ins Word :cked wif ?th ho t tdmnatlon at the pourl nur?es resonlute face. "You do manaoge wonderful i Noneof ; Os ever thcuht of let'Jcing her reem atee," I she :'.d. i "~She is so old; her m1id an retoain but one ide at a time. She ha aseesn him, acd e?he ~dce not dream of Illnes.s," aMid Eizibeth. "lShe wilI deep now, and by to-morrow sill ba quite content till night comes alain." That little glimpn e f the tender home Ufo of onrre',hnrst did what nll the horror a'd agony of the ecenmo tad fa tld to do -it gare the overstrainctd iheart the relief of ltears. After Mtr Wards depreotore, Etizbheth wept, and whaen at 1~t the teare ceosed to Ber, sob felt stronger and less hopeless. Time assred. It wa near midnight,. bht the doctor hsd not come again. ier charge had neither stirrd nor opened his eyes. Elnzabeth could hear no saound, and was strtled when a maid appeared and beckoned to her to come Into tht "Li Jon pleo, miss, wiu ca ome dowotaira I" uhe whispered homely. Elizabeth rollowed herimmediately. In the hall a group of servamnts were csotered roand the ancient oaken tettle, on which someone was lying. rs Ward., agtatedand tremblin~ , came forward when she s?aw Elizabeth. "*It'someono needing help, K'rar he's badly hurt, abse sad Hecould only mmble something about master. when he fanted dead away. We thoo-ght we had better tell you, as you know wnat to do." She advaneed wib some curlosity. 'he nexPt moment the hall and its occupnts seemed to be whirling round her, and the voices oal grew faint and far away; for, as the men had turned the prostroate form mound, the light fell oall upon ths uncon clous mae of her co?sin Dick. SThen the scud of a volc nsed her to reall her seultles virth a wrench, and every nerve greo tems "Blestif it in't Suire Holden." ex laimed the vice-" him as had the row awith master about thecight-of-way!" Yee, there he lay-Dick, her cousin., the tailty man whose victim it was her most anxitous desiatre to Erve. What w he doing there under that victim's rooe Ihat had he done to hInmself Then her heart seemed to cease heating ; she knew what he had done I Woald she bh able to hide the truth could she, with that declthly-white face, those rigid limbs and blood-stained ciothesa to tall the taldo She did not know; but she knew that, with Hescen's help, the waould try. She knew nothing fmrther clarly until she realised that Doctor Atkins had come hack, that the men waer taking Dick up ataer, and that she herself was following mechanically the directaons which the dotor wos giving. S'heeasrTh e entirely different," ha mid, "and thio I the worse, I fear-s-ho thro?gh the uhoolder, lost an immesnase qantily of blood, and the smash on his s torlile r' The doctor's comments were posllre torture to. Elizabeth; he cauld not see what was most plain to her-that Dick bad made his own death more certain than Roger Rovel's. " You had better return to' your post, Rerse; Ishall stay here," he told her. And she obeyed. Dick was sensible, but too weak to recognise her In her uniform. She waa lthinking now keenly. She must ave Roger Revel, she determincdand trost to his gratitude and generosity to spare her cosin lnt, all through the night. bhe injered man made no sign of returulog mosciousones. She was recalled to herself at dawn by the honoekeeper's voice, saying " Here is a c p of tea, mies; yoa mut want it, I'm sure." Efsbeth took itromthe housekeeper, and noticed that Jin Ward looked flr-. ried and anxioun. "'I'm so upset, mioP she said. "That etopid Hmb got talking to Ellen inS mdam's room, and madam bhoao.? She to up and dressed, thoogh it's not etl o'clock yet, and she's crying and aing she must go to Mr lRoger, and telling them to fetch Mi Amy. They havremch ado to prevent her ?eo mi.th A smelet spot sprang into Elinbeth' white cheks, and aho ast down hee cup hastily. " Walt here, please, hir Ward," she aid; " I won't bhe long." She had not far to go- only toth next room, "mdaLm's" parlor. The swift opening of the door almost overturned H~ieba, who b?ad er lack b agnst it. Little semadam " wastsadingby the bed, weeping bitterly and wtringing her hands and imploring the two women who were deggJely hering her way. "oger! Myboyl L musit os him -I mst go to him' S"Madam's" streaming eyes sought Elizabath' sppealingly. "Yes, yen-I'recome for yoe. Hie is sleen, but you shall sit by him," the girl as- nred her tenderly; and. rejecifog lesah's tardy help, she guIded "madam" to her charge's room. "Now you an watch him nicely till he vakee," she said, when the old lpdy was settled Inthe big chair by the bed, with cushions tiraked around her comfortably. The patient old eyes lookled up wiltfolly. "If I may just held his hand," she whisered. At once the bed-?clothes weru ao arranged that the small withered hand might l?p-the helpless big one beneath them. Glancng up a little later, the girl w-a salatled to reale tshat Rnger Revel's eye ware open, that he an garing at leer, salitag ilntly as he tried to preen tie soft old engrs laid on his But, when she truasted herself to lok again, she saw that he bad relapsed into alsnber, and that " fadam's " fair old face na lyb' on the pillow be~de him. Exhsobaed bcy excitement and unted to aueh early rising, she too was sleeping peacefuly. There was a sound of steps In the pa?ange; then Do-or Atins loc-ked in to see his paient, nodded with s±tieta mion, and went out without speaking. It was dreadful to kep a?ay from DYk, but sie dared not ran the r??k of ere?oitton; ehe knew he was sensible, for atse had heard h's vo!ce. She wars so absorbhd in her angesihed thaongts that she a?a cnraware f another pre-ence in thie room ietlI e wae clasped in a arm embranc. 'to her horrr, ehe rer?gSn.ed "Oh, aunot Annie--aat Aunne-- hy ae you hen e1 You muzst go bark at rcne h' sb eaped, scarcely connc"te of wh a: she aid. M?lrs Hl en, pale t;om anxiety and weeptng, yet genote as ever, regar=ded her niece wi:h .L.~ement. " Go bark at oncns" she chosd. " Why, dear, they sent for me : Didn't yo k'now that idchbard was here Who hba a botter right tiean I to be w!th him They were kind to cent" Of cmorse had they meant it kindly, beeate they did not onw-- they did not atpect E!iuabeth wrung her hands in a frenzy of mteery. fHow co?d she tCell bu mather? "'Oh, annt-annt '" sihe walled, and ihen etopped lie one stnoned. Ountsid in the ptassge she had aught stght of revoenri men. One of them ehareeogiseod an Pr Lucy. the Jostlce of the Perace for i3Ph itevel; the others were the two nenty poltieene and Captain Barner, Chief ConstaS!e of Leri?ogton. Dottor Atkis was in fronCt, and hartened in at her cry. The o7 had reached other ears as wel " ,adam" had wakened, nd now ciuog trleoblinog and weeping, to Efzsableth, whom she teemed t, regard as her c~hampion and refuige, and Inger 'evel had] opened his eyes and was ga?ing rounmd inquiringly. The girl's agony was beyondtear or peoch. The wornt had happened- Dick was In ncustody, and the unhappy mother ma~t noon l~asn the truth. But, even in her osn dapair, ihe did her best to soothe the dlnlgng sobbIng old lady, terrified by the s~t ge flces and sudden alarm. The doctor went quickly to the bed and bent ovem his patient. "3Ir Prvel, we've got yo;r nesallant, he's Ifn tho next room. Ie will be broght In for you to Identify him before he Ls takhen'off to gaol. You can do. Lthat T' c rtoah asiowly and distinctly, and 112;er ~~reve: CLtered ^:oa' l Yes," in T:e-gy neon goio; t boin- Dict to there -to h~ve h!tm uIde'theo ! And before his mothersa caa That was ciy she had been sent for, unhppy lady ! But surely they cunli never b~ so cruel:; it wos tooh bosbareus And yet-he:ore they were; she could hear them in the crridor, cxiso towards the room. The gl turned sIck and giddy. She cot one despoiing look at her nut ned closed her eye as the tramp of feet told her that men were in the room, hobut ashe hoard orory word that wos smid. hea th the mn who oMsiled you 1" aseked M Lny's calm voice. *" Yes," cams faintly from the injar-d A horrible fascinatlon made Etlitabeth opeos her yes. The doctor and Sir Lucy were between her and the prisoner; but she could se him standing with a police man on each a!de. With a gasp the girl, stilt holding "Madam," took a step nearer, and s low pcy scopod her-actuolly a joyfol cry. The Justice spoke once more. "Yen know hhln "' he aked. "Very well," answered uoger Revel. "He is Ben Charlesvworth whom I found destroying his maoteos growing weod. A?h, Ben, yenou raid you weuld do for me - I think you have pretty nearly !" the ijnromd mn panted, with the ghost of a Isogh morsi pothotl than a groau. Einbeth heard her aunt'a sobs as Clatlreworth wrs removed, hot little " Madam " needed all her attention ; she was moaning and asking why Roger was not getting up. And though she woo longlng to rush to her coaoin's raide, to fall on her knees and pray for forgisvenesa for cheris~ling her terrible suspleLon, the girl was still tenderly reassuring the gretomonbl old lady mhle picing thisg:a together in her mind. For abe knew now that Dick had got his wounds in defending his former enemy. -w s?ho had wronged him I What a noble fellow he was I Could she ever atone for her :oubta of him I She was so taken op with "Iiadam" sad her own regrets that eahe did not observe the dsark gray eyes watching her from the pillow. "Bring+ my gadmother over here, pleso.?.,?uree I She does not understand. It will comforthertohear me speak,I " asid the low nateady voice, And Elinbeth obeyed, maciog sn a look of gratitude in the gray eyes that it met ber from the room to Dick's with a drea~dflol tightness at her heart. "' Oh, Dickle dear, how brave you here been l" was aUll that she eould ay as she baried hedr face in the-coverlet DIck'a nmbandaged head touched her hair eareaslagly. SThe brate had the asdvantage of me," he wlspere~. "I trIpped and fell, acd he was popn me with my own gao." "Mydea ?ufse Etoabeth," exclaimed the Da-tor. " why didn't you tell me you were thoe Squlre's ecotnsio I ahoold have kept you beside him had I knowa." She ralsed her eyes to his eteadlly. What he read in them he never told; he wa silent then and ever after on the subhject. u he w frequontlhy heard to express his admirtion for Boise llen beth's fortitude ad loyalty. "Yon see, I had givmen Charlescrorth ntice," Richard went on. " He wae robbing me, anded revonge, so he did the dama, sand pulled down thel hurdle s well Revel fonod him out, and was comning to tell me, I think, when the vlla apcng out upon him." "Your rmll soon be all right, urcae, th.ught at first [ thought his the woratrcase,"said the Doctor. "He can be moved home in a few days. and )t Holden will be able to look. after him. You will remain here, I hope; thems wil be anxious work for Is for weekls to And her sent, knowing the gavlty of the ese nd Elirabeth's sepidkl record at St. Sabin'ns, r,?aed no objection. ltogsr Revel w not yoang. ·Besdes," resoesed the D~octor ceo. fdoat.ly. ",the women In this home a a eeleeslot.' " Bat there is a connoctkon-a Miss Amy of whom Madam apeaks," aid ,liuzbeth. The-Doctor laughed. "MIs Amy weld Iike to be mintres of Revtdhnt, hbut I don't think its master approves of thu plan," he maid A crimson urnast of late Oriobcr was lahineg the windows of " Madam's " parlour, filling the quaint old room with a cheerfnl glow. y lthe bright fire the Ittle lady s?at, and on a conch in the oriel lay Roger Itsrel, while Ellzabeth was busy over the tea- table,! for her aunt and the Squire had walked up from the alt that oteroon . Iouard was we again, only a lit?'e stiafcess of tie sho-lder re mohair " 3Madsm's" pliaeotie volce broke in on a lIttle .no In t.o converoation, twhich ta hbeen on the sab;e-t of Cc-les worth's co-nvie-tci ad oeotecne. E* E?i3 .th, my dear, I nat you," she ald. !ooking up heop'eoeZy. "Can't Heatn plok op thosea eliche3' asked her grandson, a?iling. "ElEnz beth is bsy, yo? oee." " eo, inedrt, ilRge I Heshb is very slow. Elibeth de.-,s it beoter," the old voice persisted. The girl rent over and knelt by the big chaLr to rectify the work which never snemed to pro~gree~s. \- When iare you cominq home, child?7 t iso ime yoe were thinkirg of it,"maid 31M Holden. " }Madam heard the question, and she made a sodden drltch at the kneeling figu-,re. "Don't leave =n l"she dered in piteous "0?f co-se net i' -aid P.rer from hls vneb.I 'Bot you have been here qouite two mon:>o," -aid Irs Holden. " And we are just a little dolt i= the evenlngs at the Hall without yon." "ot sloe's not to leave ms-a-IeeC says asa" cried" Madam," still holdig to her point ae?. to Elizeb-th. " She cn't slay here for ever," aald Ri:tar.e " Her work is over, acd the Hall is her rle home, you know." Itoger ieve! moved ouneasiy. Hie looked over at he Suire, aLnd the eyes of tle men me'. For a moment or two Richard heitteod; then he went over to tko co=ch qeinly. " Ioevel, old fe!Iow,' he soid nseki!ly, holeing out his hond, "the right of way is aors. I----- Heaen blere yes bollhl You'll smoe a belter husband tcle I, with my firtem?p?-r, could ever It w-a- with a keen pang that Roger wrung the hand so frankly oedreod, for he nderstocd the fol valon of his friend's renncintion. " You'll not go. EH??oabethl Promise me," "tda3m " Implored. "Amy ist', to come----won't have Amy! She is cass whee you are not near, Hoager." "'o, soe-Amy's not cooing I Eliza. Seth? going to 'tay; we on't spore her, and she has prsomed me," sld Itog~r as he crcered the room aned put on arm aronod each. The old lady looked up radiant. "And I'm sare vhe will do all that Amy did!" cried the glad old voice. "She will play when yon slng yonr favourite cong. You cn play, 'Tho Y aen'n Wedding-Song'--can't yoe, iteizebeth I' "eo !" said EIiabeh, with a shy little Oalb. "Bat-hbut I'm going to learn ci)' "There: I knew ~ae wold lesn il? " creed "Mfadam"in grent delght as ele began another row aund dropped another allfdozen stitches, whlch EltSzabeth duth ??lly pckeed up again. He : " Would you call for help if I tried to kin youT' She: "Would ylou ned It I" 