1 CHBISTIAM ENDEAVOURERS, . Conseeration Meeting. P Christian Charaetep, . The Christian Endeavourers held their an nual consecration meeting at the Sydney .Town Hall last night, and renewed their co- . .venant as expressed In tlieir pledge. The. gathering was especially for Endeavourers, as the .term "Consecration" Indicates. The Rev. Joseph Woodhouse (president) and the Rev. E. T. Dunstan (president-elect) were Attended by many clergymen, and by others identliled with the movement. The platform (was chastely decorated in pale blue and white, (Studded with many arum lilies. The prettiest (floral emblem. was composed of hyacinths. The attendance was 4000, and' the spectacle Was Imposing. A choral service preceded an Address, and various greetings were received, (notably one from Captain, the Rev. James Green, Bushmen's Chaplain. In South Africa. (Another message was from Auckland, where p. Convention Is to progress. The resolutions, .referred to In our Issue of yesterday were Adopted, with Immense enthusiasm. The re solutions declared unabated opposition to li quor traffic in eVery form, and advocacy , of the closing of public-houses earlier on. week- nights and absolutely on Sundays; secondly, uncompromising antagonism to any gambling, and to the proposal of the Legislative Coun- cil'lo legalise the use of- the totallsator; thirdly, an; appeal' to_ the Government and police not to relax their efforts to have all 1 shops closed on the Lord'B Day until the .' law' be generally observed. Then followed a resolution -urging the Government to have, prayer offered at the Commonwealth Inaugu ration ceremony, and advising that the new Federal Government should make provision that each dally sitting of the Federal-Parlia- ' blent be opened with prayer. . '-. The Rev. TV Roseby, LL.D., spoke earnestly and convincingly ' of "the practical Issues of Christian consecration." : He took his sub ject from the Hebrews, 10th chapter, parts of 20tli and 24th verkes. For the purposes of his lirlef discourse the speaker linked two pas sages, which thus stood: "A. now and. living Way, which He hath consecrated for us.. Let Us consider one another '.to- provoke unto.love 'and .to good . works." He . asked them to consider ., the. .-too ..".common disastrous subordination . of the spiritual to the merely material. vLet us," proceeded Dr. Roseby, "consider that It .was lust there that hls- jtorlcal Protestantism broke from Rome. It broke away.; from... Rome on what was the meaning of; .consecration— whether consecra tion. was a spiritual- thing or only a mechani cal thing;."1 ' -There might, he said, be some .. controversy on the -quest-Ion of whether Peter was ever In Rome. or whether he was a mar ried man— at all events, .they. read of "Peter's j.wife's sister-"— also as to whether Peter was the first Pope' of Rome, but there was no con troversy about the \\- commandment which .them to. speak the truth. There might- be v."' two 'opinions about the AL-.'.'.tolical ' succession from Peter, but 1 Ue- .controversy; was ' possible about the ,iove of God, ,' "All the perfumes of Arabia will .Kit sweeten ' this' little, hand," wrote Shake, ueare, and all' the ceremonies of ca nonise.. ion could not , make Saints out of the 'men , 'ho:. Instigated the atrocious Duke of Alv-i and the; attempt to assassinate Queen IVi,: (j -th. .There was a difference between m; i i'.itestant idea Of consecration, and' the. id'.-.. : . the' resistance, of which Protestantism 'hnci birth. They meant by consecration V: iUv in' the Inward parts, the love of God -J' : atroad'by the Holy Ghost, and- the. sliar- ' oi 'lie beautiful love of Jesus., " .Corisccra- ;tl- full -of practical, vitality, and of the .iuhi: i-atHvorkc-d- by love, and as Charles itVesl-j added,' "and which purified- the heart." It ivn. ihelr work made' them pray/ and -It in ,-thclr i-ray.er'. they- could only feel they were toiicliL: t the 'great Heart of God, and that they'- r. ere in communion with Jesus Christ; they v. uld feel'an Inspiration to renew their work, .-.nd realise that it was a glorious and iK-hk- thing to be permitted for a few years on i his earth to co-operate with the Saviour, in the establishment of the Kingdom of Grace and Love, Consecration, had always meant 'an escape . from what was common-, and ,what was,' merely conventional. It was .very 1 easy in religious ltl'e to sink ; to the dead levels of the world's conventions. The /world hod set-up its own standard, but It v.-us not the Endeavour standard. Every \- dierL-'o man who had ever lived and. worked Tor Ciu-ist had been distinguished for his con-' tempt . .hd 'dlsdaln of the world's stomid'ards" Xlenei-ii! Gordon whs the man he was because j3ic- adopted, that principle. There was a great Tlsk of the conventionalities of the world klomlnatlng' the Churches. John Stuart Mill, in his great book, "Liberty," of 40 years ago. (wliteh was not yet out of date, had pointed O'lt that the influence of Jesus was only, suf fered to extend so far as certain conventions in : I world permitted. In- the recent' Loii-i doi. --.lierlng of Endeavourers,' which made the -hty-oapital rub Its eyes In wonder- iuen' nere was' manifest the principles of Ch" ' Sheldbn, .which weru that there should be iv.. direct and more simple following of tin -in ,k land lowly. They wore only slaves win, " juld- not do right, with only two or tlv. -u I j support. There was a time when it w.i.-i j ought the world was the centre of the iiii.L ,he,' and- seven Cairdinuls solemnly nf- i ' r i -. 'tlio heresy of .Galileo, because he said U,;-1 'he world moved round the sun. . There >' . . i great' ilfL'orcnee In the two Ideas, and, hiiii'i.-.rly; It made a great difference whether nad themselves as the centre, or whe- xli- , drey had Christ .The grent thing was tii. when Christ was, the centre there straight away, emerged the 'social gospel. They were -Co, ling more and more than man did not live yn ." unto himself. The Good Citizenship /r,.-.- -neat was on the same lines as the En- dyivv-ur consebrlation.- He urged them to be on tii.i thistle,' to show their inward and out- W: hollnoss--not -merely eestaey- and spas- Ji. - emotlpn. They must draw their ln- ,tn::,-.-.on.:from Jesus. i All hail the power of .Tesu's name, t i et angels prostrate fall; , ' v ti' ' i .M-'ng forth the royal dlbdeni, , ; " Void; crown Him Lord of Alt." , ... ir -le / rayed that God would enable them In A.-:- v 1 lundlng- grace of his spirit to live the -h'.- a had : Indicated; t. , '' .'roll-call"— each body of Endeavourers l-c-i -nljng. with part: of a hymn-t-and' other iV tv .Hi. mil. exercises followed. A river ex- p\y.-. "i. Is .announced, for this afternoon, . 