Late Dbike of Saxe-Coburg. An extraordinary incident in Australian his tory is rcoalled hy tho death of tho Duke of Snxo-Coburg, better known as the Duke of Edinburgh. Ho oumo 'to Sydney early in tho year 1S6S, on a pleasure trip, and to get some idea of tho antipodes. A large public picnic in connection witli tlio Sailors Homo .was arranged for, tho 12tli of Mnroh of tlmt year, and tho Princo, who hold a commission in tho navy, was invited to graoo the proceedings. Tho pionio was hold at Clontarf, Middle Harbour. Everything passed off pleasantly until, as tho Prince was walking across tho grounds with tho late" Sir William Manning, a shot rang out above tho shouts of laughter, and tho Priuco staggered and fell. As ho wns falling another shot was fired ; it took effect in the foot of Mr., uftorwards tbo Hon. George Thorn. Tho attempted assassin was instantly seized by tho lute Mr. W. Vial, and ovorpowored ; the pistol still smoking in his hand. His nnmo turned ont to be O'Farroll. Be nurrowly escaped lynch law then and there, as indeed did his captor, wiio at first was mistaken for the criminal. Tho Princo was seriously but not mortully wounded, und ultimately ho quite recovered. On tho 30th und 31st of March O'FurrcU stood his trial before Judge Oheckc. Ha was convicted and sentenced to death, and tho extreme penalty was carried ont at Durlinghurst gaol throe weeks later. A vory powerful agitation was set on foot for his re prieve. Tho ground of tho ploa for moroy was that O'Farrell was demented, and that he was not responsiblo for ins acts. Tho doings of Fenians elsewhere had greatly iiifiuincd public feeling; but oven tho Princo himself was desirous that O'Farrell's lifo should be spared. The Government of the day were disposed- to leniency, but the opposing forces were obdurate, and O'Farroll paid the last dread penalty as stated. Not long after this, tho Into Sir Henry, then pluin Houry, Purkes had occasion to visit Kiaina, a town on tlio south coast. He had high ambitions again to grasp the reins of power, which ho had not long before laid down, and ho took udvuiitugo of the spirit of tho times, and when at Kinmu, delivered an alarmist," an almost inflammatory, harangue upon tho O'Farrelt incident. Not so much by direct assertion or open avowal, as hy veiled innuendo, and dark hints, ho gave tho people to understand that the Government wore really in connivance with O'Fiirroll, and that thoir conduct accouutod for their manifested dispo sition to lot tho attempted assassin off. Accord ing to Mr. Farkes, there was a widespread and powerful organisation of Fenians in tho country, of which O'Farroll was tho instru ment. He threw out sinister hints as ' to tho persons iu high places who wore connected with this incendiary body, and also of tho future cataclysms which it was t'aeir inten tion to precipitate. ' Tho reports of tho speech created intense excitement, and serious consequences seemed likely to follow. Many leading men loudly denounced Mr. Parkos, whom thoy aeeused of an at tempt to subvert tho Government by foul means. Happily the nine days' wondor quickly subsided, and thenceforth Mr. Farkcs's scare was known as tlio "Kiama Ghost." All through his subsequent career this matter was continually thrown nt him in jibo and cartoon, und oven his federal utterances were discounted hy its regular repetition in tho hostile Press. Another curions inoidont in the late duke'4 career, was developed by liis becoming tho Dulco of Saxo-Coburg. Prior to that ho was a princo of tho realm, a member of the House of Lords, and a Privy Councillor. In otlior words, he was a British subject of very high standing. The question wns, if on his be coming Duko of Saxe-Coburg, ho ceased to bo a British subject. There was the further question of his right and titlotothe two annuities of £16,000 and £10,000 respec tively which ho received from tho Imporial Treasury. In - accepting the dukedom, of Saxo-Coburg, ho became a semi-sovereign person ; and at the same timo ho become a suzerain to the Emperor of Germany, who actually administered tho oath. By taking these now relations, had ho caused to owe allegiance to tho Queen of Groat Britain ? There was no positivo law that could bo applicd'to suoh acuse, und-thorc hud not boon enough examples from whioh to form '. general rule. According to common law, no British ' subject oun throw off his allogiauco; hut hy naturalisation laws this thing may ho dono. Tho question was if tho Duko of Edinburgh did throw off his allogiance when ho becdmei Duko of Saxo-Cobnrg. Tho diffioulty never was satisfactorily cleared up. Tho Duke resigned tho annuity granted ' to him us u young prince, hut retained tlio annuity granted to him to maintain his separate establishment iu England, for he said that he intended still to maintain it, audio spend part of his timo in England. His name ns that of a Privy Counoillor was struok off tho "list; and it was loft to tho House of Lords to say if he should cease to ho a- member of that Houso. The diffioulty there seems to havo boon overcome hy omitting to .sond to him a writ of notice to attend Purlia- moot. . His too early death hiis Anally settled all difficulties. Ordinary books of rGferenco.on great men, fromone of wliieh wo took our skotoh of his personal history,' yesterday, will suffice to afford tho reader most necessary details of bis personal history, There uro many persons who ... could recall amusing little inci dents. of his .visit to .Australia.. It is amongst tho ' legends in Sydney that, tho tlion bead of: tho polico nearly 'carried off all tho honours on . the duke's landing. That excollent individual, who still lives, headed tho mighty procession. Ho was mounted on a liorso whioh curvottad aud pranood ns if carrying tho duko himself. At many places along tho lino tho humbler speotators remarlcod, " Here he is, and how beautifully ho sits his horse!" Thoy" also recall the inoidont of hiB leaving Govern ment Honso to reooivo an address from tho Sunday school ohildren of Sydney, and of liis being so evidently moved when about a thousand young voices rang out "God Suvo the Queen." It wiis tho first oocasiori of liis honring it' on this sido of tho world. .There are many pleasing . mementoes of that visit. Tho ' duke's death will again bring thorn to mind. . Wo aro sure that wo express tho feelings of this, com munity, when expressing deopest sympathy with tlio Queen on tlio loss of her ohildren; This is "tho socond eon who has departed during tho mother's- lifotimo; anil ono daughter, the nminhlo Alice, long ago wont on before. This inoidont again evokes tho prayer, " GOD SAVE THE QUEEN." 