The Sunday Times. SUNDAY, JANUARY 7, 1900. THE YELLOW PUP AGAIN. Just a little before Christmas - a day or so - that charming exponent of Christian charity, Mr. Hackett, of the " West Australian," published a leading article directed against the Roman Catholic community. So far as we can learn this attempt to stir up sectarian strife, which is at anytime an outrage, was entirely unprovoked. No member of the Catholic community, from the Bishop downwards, had done anything or said anything to justify such a malicious exhibition. Since then a trumpery dispute has arisen concern- ing a boy, or a scholarship, or some- thing, but the whole affair is such a petty thing as to be unworthy of more than passing notice. Yet it has sufficed to open the floodgates of yellow pup eloquence, and the unspeakable ghost of Dutch Billy is daily being in- voked by various yellow-bellied fanatics in that remarkable organ of Christian therewith, the " West Australian." On Christmas Day - the day of peace and goodwill - they published an absolutely outrageous letter by one "Argus," a correspondent evidently wall-eyed in every one of his hundred optics. On Wednesday morning last another narrow-minded bigot celebrated the opening of the New Year, A.D. 1900, be it noted - not 1500 - by tootling his little horn outside the walls of Jericho to the following effect :-" Sir, - In common with many others I read with satisfaction your late leading article concerning the Roman Catholic Church demands and our Premier's attitude in connection therewith. Though religious discussion - the most bitter of all subjects - is to be deprecated, yet it is useless to be silent when one know's one's antago- nist, friendly or otherwise, is straining every point to gain his object, which in the present instance means the Roman Catholic demand for separate educational advantages. Many of us do and can admire the Roman Catholic Church, its discipline, and its unfaltering adherence to whatever policy it has marked out for itself. Yet this does not imply that we can concede its demands. It may be that one is not against that church, but that one is for the State ; they are often not co- incident. Many know that their Bishop has a genuine respect for Sir John Forrest's work, abilities and statemanship, but as you have so lately pointed out immediately Bishop Gibney considers his church's interests are at stake his personal leanings are dismissed - such being his church discipline - and he at once threatens to bring all bis church's weight against Sir John. This, we are glad to be warned of, because though it was through the Roman Catholic vote that the present Ministry obtained many seats at the last general election, yet it is only for Sir John to refuse any further concessions and proclaim it is either to be a Protestant of Roman Catholic Government, and we shall have as clean a sweep of Roman Catholics from Parliament as obtained in Victoria many years ago when their priests too noticeably interfered in politics. - Yours, etc, AUSTRALIAN." Now this letter is a direct invitation, as direct as it is unprovoked, for the writer does not prove his premises, to the Forrest party to raise the sectarian bogey at the next elections. Sir John Forrest is to come forward as the pion of " Protestant Government," and thus stave off federation, separation, and every other movement which threatens the domination of his clique. The red herring of a holy war is to be dragged across the trail, and we are to be asked to support Sir John Forrest in his altogether new character of De fender of the Faith. And all this, mark you, is a purely political dodge simply an attempt on the part of the ingenious Hackett to divert public attention from questions of real importance The SUNDAY TIMES would be very sorry to see either a " Protestant Government" or a "Roman Catholic Government " established in this colony. Our Constitution distinctly declines to specifically recognise any one form of religion, and the only possible attitude for a Government in these days is one of absolute impartiality and justice to all. This paper, as a secular organ, refuses to be made a tool of by any religious body, and it declines, with equal emphasis, to allow any person to blow into flame the dying embers of religious animosity Surely even a Roman Catholic may be permitted to express his opinions wth- out being told that his doing so will lead to his being utterly deprived of Parliamentary representation ? To use such threats as does " Australian" is to commit a wanton outrage on the Constitution itself, which expressly provides for the representation of all classes of thought. As regards " Aus tralian's" remark in reference to priestly interference, let him set his own house in order before he throws ' stones at others. Some of the Protestant clergy of this city are notorious for their constant interference with politics. Look at the Rev. G. E Rowe ! Scarcely a week passes with out his voice being heard on some political subjects, giving advice which nobody heeds, concerning points nobody cares a button about. Other persons are not so manly and open as Mr. Rowe. One long- tailed hypocrite has been for some time past sedulously spreading slanders about a certain politician, both in Perth and on the goldfields; Another goldfields' black- fish used profane language when found that he could not address a cer- tain Kalgoorlie gathering. Apparently every sect has a right to poke its dirty little finger into the political mud pie, but if a man happens to be a Holy Roman he must sit mum, observe, and hold his peace on pain of political extinction. Out upon such notions! Down with such damnable doctrine, so utterly subversive of all human liberties ! If some of these secretaries cannot stand the free expression opinion they have no place in the twentieth century. Their proper place is in the darkest of the dark ages, where, perhaps, a little old-fashioned intolerance would teach them to respect real liberty more. We have little liking, and not an atom of respect, for such nonsense-mongers as " Australian" and " Argus," but our feeling for the indi- vidual who can stir up unnecessary strife and drag such literary animaculae as these into the light of day is one of positive loathing. MJ. Hackett himself is now happily absent, but the deputy organ blowers are busy trying to get a beat on. We hope the public will appraise their industry at its proper value. With regard to strife- monger-in- chief, well, absence. makes the heart grow fonder, and the longer he is absent, and the further he goes the better we shall like him. 