[PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL AR RANGEMENT.] THE FOURTH GENERATION. By SIR WALTER BESANT, Author of "All Sorts-and Conditions of Men," "Herr Paulus," "The Master 'Craftsman," "Armorel of Lyonesse," "The World Went Very Well Then," "All in a Garden Fair," "Children of Gibeon," etc., etc. [COPYRIGHT.] CHAPTER VII.-(Continued.) On a fine, clear day in early May. two cyclists rode through this country. ,They were Leonard and his friend Con stance. They went by train as far as Uxbridge, and they they took the road. At first it was enough to breathe thu pure air of the spring, to fly along the quiet road, while the rooks cawed in the trees, and over the fields the larks sang. Then they drew nearer and be gan to talk. "Is this what you brought me out to see?" 'asked Constance. "I am wel: content, if this is all. What a lovely place it is! And what a lovely air! It is fragrant; the .sun brings out the fragrance froln the very fields as well as the woods." "This is the quietest and most beauti ful of all the roads near London. But I am going to show you more. Not all to-day. We must cone again. I will show you Milton's cottage and Penn's burial ground, John Hampden's church and tomb, and the old manor house ot Chenies and Latimer. To-day I am only going to show you our old family house. It is now, unfortunately, in a condition of decay. You shall see the house and the church and the village. Then, if you like, we will go on to the nearest town and get some kind of dinner and go home by train." "That will please me well." They went on in silence for a while. Leonard took up the parable again about his family. "We have been in the same place," he said, "for an im mense time. We have never produced a great man or a distinguished man. If you consider it, there are really not enough distinguished men to go round the families. We have twice recently *made a bid for a distinguished man. My own father and my grandfather were both promising politicians, but they were both cut off -in early man hood." "Both? What a strange thing!" "Yes. Part of what the ancient aunt calls the family luck. We have had, in fact, an amazing quantity ot bad luck. Listen. It is like the history of a house driven and scourged by the hand of Fate." She listened while he. went through the terrible list. "Why," she said, "your list of disaster 'oes really sug gest the terrible words 'unto the third and fourth generation.' I don't won der at your aunt looking about for a criminal. What had your forefathers don.e?" "Let us get down and rest a little." They sat down on a stile, and turned the talk into a more serious vein. "What have my forefathers done? Nothing-of that I am Quite certain. Otii misfortunes are all pure bad luck, andi nothing else. Those words, how Savers, do force themselves on one. 1 am not superstitious, yet since that venerable dame- . However, this morning I argued with myself. I said, 'It would be such a terrible injustice that innocent children should suffer from their fathers' misdeeds that it cannot be so.' And then 1 remem bered hearing that there was some where among the Prophetic Books a passage strongly expressing exactly the opiposite opinion. And I found it. Ezekiel it is who says words to this effect. They are very fine words. Do you know them?" "No." "Listen. 'What mean ye that ye use this proverb concerning the land of Israel, saying, The fathers have eaten sour grapes' and the children's teeth are set on edge? As I live, saith the Lord God, you shall not use this pro verb any more. Behold, all souls are mine: as the soul of the father, so also .the soul of the son is mine. The soul that sinneth, it shall die. But if a man be just, he shall surely live.'" "Those are very fine words"-and, indeed, Leonard gave them with much solemnity. "At the same time, Leonard, there are consequences of every act, consequences which may reach far down to many generations. A man loses his fortune and position: down go the children and the grand children. A man makes a great name and a great fortune: he ennobles his descendants. A man commits a shame ful action: not only he but his chil dren are disgraced." "Yes, yes, but 'if a man is good he shall surely live.' I repeat these words, yet-yet-I confess that I have been shaken by the revelations of the old lady. They explain so much. Now I understand why my mother's sorrow ful eyes were always resting upon me, as if in expectation. She was looking for some disaster, and I understand why I was kept in ignorance of these things. I began to be haunted by the 'third and fourth generation' words; so that it was like a direct message to read this passage of the Hebrew Pro phet." "It is very direct certainly" "And I have taken all the misfor tunes in turn They have nothing to do with heredity.' My great grand father has his head turned by a great trouble. His son commits suicide. Why? Nohody knows. The young sailor is drowned. Why? JBecause he is a sailor. The daughter marries beneath her station. Why? Because she was motherless and father!less and neglected. My own father dlied yvaunlg. WThy? Because fever carried him offi'." "Leonard," Constance laid her hand upon his arm, "do not argue the case any more. Leave it. A thing !ike this may easily become morblid. It mvy occupy your thoughts too much." "Let me forget it, by a!! means. At present 1 confess the question is al ways with me." "It explains something in your man ner yesterday and to- day You are always serious, but now you are absent-minded You have begun t: think too much about these troubles." lie smiled. "I am serious, I sup pose, from the way in whiich I wmes brought up. We lived in Cornwall. right in the country, close to the ?, shore, with no houses near us, until I went to school. It was a very quiet rc household: my grandmother and my p; mother were both in widows' weeds. There was very little talking and no H laughing or mirth of any kind within o; the house, and always, as I now under- f, stand, the memory of this misfortune a' and the dread of new misfortunes were upon these unhappy ladies. They did cl not tell me anything, but I felt the f sadness of the house. I suppose it a made me a quiet boy-without much C inclination to the light heart that pos- n sesscd most of my fellows." "I am glad 'you have told me," she s teplied. "It brings you closer, for t now I understand you better." They mounted their cycles and re sumed the journey in silence for some miles. "Look!" he cried. "There is our old place." He pointed across a park. 1 At the end of it stood a house of red brick, with red tiles and stacks of red I chimneys: a house of two storeys only. c In front was a carriage drive, but 'no garden or enclosure at all. The house c rose straight out of the park itself. "At the back," said Leonard, "are the gardens: but everything is grown over; nothing has been done to the place for 70 years. I wonder it has stood so 1 long." They turned off the road into the drive. "The old man, when the double shock fell upon him, dropped into a state of apathy from which he has never rallied. We must go round by the servants' entrance. The front doors are never opened." The great hall with the marble floor made echoes rolling and rumbling about the house above as they walked across. There were arms on the walls and armour, but all rusted and decay ing in the damp air. There were two or three portraits on the walls, but the colour had peeled off and the portraits had become ghosts. "The recluse lives in the library," said Leonard. "Let us look first at the other rooms." He opened a door. This was the dining-room. Nothing had been touched. There stood the Sgreat dining- hall. Against the walls were standing a row of leather stairs. There . was the sideboard; the maho gany things were not' affected by the long waiting except that they had lost their lustre. The leather on the chairs was decaying and peeling off. The carpet was moth-eaten and in threads. The paper on, the Wall, the old fashioned red velvet paper, was hang ing down in folds. The steel fender was covered with rust. On the walls the pictures were in better preserva ' tion than those in the hall, but they were hopelessly injured by the damp. t The curtains were falling away from the rings. "Think of the festive din ners that have been given in that rcom," said Leonard. "Think of. the talk and the laughter and the happi e ness! And suddenly, unexpectedly, t the whole came to an end, and there d has been silence and emptiness for 70 years." He closed the door and opened an h other. This was in time gone by 'he 1, drawing-room. It was a noble room, long, high, well proportioned. A harp stood in one corner, its strings either r broken or loose. A piano with the a music still upon it stood open; it had .s been open for 70 years. The keys Swere covered with dust and the wires with rust. Old-fashioned sofas and couches stood about. The mantel shelf was ornamented with 'strange things in china. There were occa s. sional tables in the old fashion of yel low and white and gold. The paper was peeling off like that of the dining 1 room. Over against the piano, in a it strong light, hung a portrait better is preserved than most. It was the por trait of a young man: a handsome ' young man, a young man with a singu hr iirly pleasing and amiable face.' it Constance looked at it curiously. \- 'then she started, "Leonard!-who is this?" a "This? I believe it is my great Le grandmother's brother. Why-now I . know-my old aunt told me-this is 5s the unfortunate man who was mur 1o dered. It must have been murder she had but one brother-that caused her death and her husband's eccen Stricities." A "His murder? Oh! Leonard Leonard! n It is my own great- grandfather. His name was Langley Holms. Oh, it e was so long ago. I have never real i.:ed it before. I knew there was a e nurder, but I did not enquire. I have 'o another portrait of him in my cham 11 hers. It is not so good as this. Oh! a And to thing that the murder happened here." S "Constance? Is it possible? Then h we are cousins." He held out his e, hand. f "Veriy distant cousins," she replied. y "But oh, how strange. I will tell you 5\. all I know about it. How lovely he : is. Oh, what a brother to lose! I 1- have been told-. You see I a~m de L scended from him by the daughter and 5 the granddaughlter-and it is the \- father's family which one thinks of \- most. He left one daughter only, named Constance; she was a child at a the time of his death. Constance ;e married a gentleman named Mortimer, e and. had a son and a daughter. The e daughter married my father, Mr. Ed Smund Ambry. I heard it was a family \- legend almost that my ancestor, this I, noble gentlemari," she could not talke g her eyes frbm the portrait, "was stay f ing with a friend, and was found mur a dered in a wood." C "That is all there is to know, I be lieve! . Except, as I told you, that the o news killed his sister the 'same day. \- If this portrait 'can be preserved I will have a copy made for you. Constance." "Oh! If you would-if you would. Leonard, shall we hunt up all we can o find about the murder? It is too late \- to discover anything more about it; t ibut I should like to know what ireally Shapuened." Leonard took down the portrait, and c turned its face to the wall. "I will Sgive it to the old housekleeper to Ioep," a he said, "until 1 can send for it. Come l now, I want you to see the man him Self who married your ancestor's sis to'. Her portrait is somewhere here, Samong those around us, but they are e too far gone. Come, we will step Slightly, not to wake him." t He led her across the hall again, and "";nedl very softly the liblrary door. t ep!cp in an armchair by the fire was p- he most splendid old man Constance :.c. ever seen. HIIe was of gigantic : e::!i·ci; his long legs were out C I etrltched, his massive head lay back a m,,;n the chair-a noble lichead, with fine : :i, abundant white hair, and broad S'-,ilders and deep che;t. He ras .- s! ping like a child, breathing as softly :. as peacefully. In that restful ,:,:,eniance there was no suggestion oif i; ,dness or a disorderer! hirpin. ('Co':'tnrce stepped lightly into the room and bent over him. His lips parted. He murmured something in his sleep. He woke with a start. He sat up and opened his eyes, and gazed upon her face with a look of terror and amaze ment. She stepped aside. The old man closed his eyes again, and his head fell back. Leonard touched her arm and they left the room. At the door Constance turned to look at him. He was asleep again. "He murmured something in his sleep. He was disturbed, He looked terrified." "It was your presence, Constance, that in some way suggested the memory of his dead friend. Perhaps your face reminded him of his dead friend. Think, however, what "a shock it must have been to disturb the balance of such a strong man as that. Why, he was in the full strength of his early manhood. - And he never re covered-all these 70 years. lie has never spoken all these years, except once in my hearing-it was in his sleep. What did he say? 'I can sleak and end sit.' Strange words." The tears were standing in the girl's eyes. "The pity of it, Leonard! The pity of it!" "Come into the gardens. They were formerly, in the last century-when a certain ancestor was a scientific gar dener-show gardens." They were now entirely ruined by 70 years of neglect. The lawns were covered with coarse rank grass, the walls were hidden, brambles grew over the flower beds: the neglect was simply mournful. .They passed through into the kitchen garden, over the straw berry beds and the asparagus beds, and everywhere spread the brambles with the thistle and the shepherd's purse and all the, common weeds; in the orchard the trees were dead, and under the dead boughs there flourished a rank undergrowth. "I have never before," said Con stance, "realised what would happen if we suffered ,a garden to go wild." "This would happen-as you see. I believe no one has so much as walked in the garden except ourselves for 70 years. In the eyes of the village, I know, the whole place is supposed to be !Taunted day and night. Even the chance of apples would not tempt the village children into this garden. Come, Constance, let us go into the village and see the church." It was a pretty village, consisting 8 of one long street, with an inn, a small shop and post office, a black smith's and one or two other trades. In the middle of the street a narrow lane led to the churchyard and the church. The latter, much too big for the village, was an early English cruci form structure, with later additions and improvements. The church was open, for it was Saturday afternoon. The chancel was full of mnonuments of dead and gone Campaignes. Among them was a tab let "To the Memory of Langley Holms, born at Great Missenden, June, 1798, found murdered in a wood in this P parish, June 14th, 1826. Married Feb ruary 1st, 1824, to Eleanor, daughter e of the late Marmaduke Flight, of Little Beauchamp, in this country; left one s child, Constance, born January 1st, s 1825." 1 "Yes," said Constance, "one can realise it: the death of wife and friend e at once, and in this dreadful man. ner." In the churchyard an old man was r occupied with some. work among the graves. He looked up anrd straight ened himself slowly, as'one with stif r fened joints. "Mornin', sir," he said. "Mornin', e miss. I hope I see you well. Beg your pardon, sir, but you be a Cam paigne for sure. All the Campaignes are alike-goodly men they are, and s good to look upon. But you're not so tall nor yet so strong built as the squire. Been to see the old gentleman, sir? Ay, he do last on, he do. It's wonderful. Close on 95 he is. Every body in the village knows his birthday. Why, he's a show. On Sundays in summer, after church, they go to the garden wall and look over it, to see him marching up and down the ter race. He never sees them, nor t wouldn't if they were to walk beside it him." "You all know him then?" a "I mind him 70 years ago. I was a e little chap then-you wouldn't think 1 was ever a little chap, would you? Seventy years ago I was eight-I'm 78 now. You wouldn't think I was 78, would you?" A very garrulous old n man, this. "I gave evidence, I did, at the in quest after the murder. They couldn't do nohow without me, though I was a but eight years old." e "You? Why, what had you to do I with the murder?" "I was scaring birds on the hillside d above the wood. I see the squire-he was a fine big figure of a man-and the other gentleman crossing the road and coming over the stile into the field. Then they went into the wood together. e The squire came out, but the other gentleman did not. They fofnd him e afterwards in the wood with his head smashed. Then I see John Dunning Sgo in--same man as they charged with Sthe murder. And he c'rme running e ouit-scared like with what he'd seen. Oh! I see it all, and I told them so, \- kissing the Bible on it." "I have heard that aL man was tried for the crime." S "He was tried, but he got off. Every body knows he never done it. But they never found out who done it." "That is all you know about it?" "That is all, sir. Many a hundred Stimes I've told that story. Thankl you, sir. Mornin', miss. You'll have a handlsomo ]prtner, miss, and he'll Shave a pro]er missus." "So," said Leonard, as they walked away, "the murder is still remembered, and will be, I suppose, so long as any one lives iwho can talk about it. It Sis strange th'-,t we should get all the information se soon after your dis covery of the picture." They mounted their wheels and rode aw ary in rilence. But the joy Ihnd gone out of the day. The evening fell. The wind in the trecs became a 1 dirge; their hearts were full of violence and blood ,nd death; in their cars rang the cries of a bereaved woman and the groons of a man gone mad Swith trouble. (To be Continued.) The Queen his conferred the decora tion of th1 Rroyal Red Crors upon Mics Sarah Cl!h rke. Miss Mary Nubt, nnd Mriss M,!in'n.ir PF?,~woll for their devoted Sservices in tending the sick in the field! hospitale at Luk.oja and Jebba, on the c Wsct African Coast. 