OHAPTEll I. KEENBROOK i\0 spot 111 tllO WUolC SOUtllcm 11C11H spliorc can boast such a bold, rugged, and imposing coast lino as New Zea land. On its most northern ledge towers tho Great Barrier Bock—the first point on which the ocean-tossed mari ner rests his eye—the first land seen when bearing up for •Mnorihuul. A strange laud this. Along its shores the vision encounters huge and mystic shapes at every turn of tho sea. wall. Hero the colossus of Bhoiles; there a ponderous sphinx, rising sheer above its follows, anil whose oasc has boon lapped by the restless waves for a thousand or more years. Truly a strange country is this of To Waito, the Maori, anil tho most mys tic, and awe-inspiring spot of nil is that of tho Barrier Bock. Save the lire mountain of Tongongoro, it js tho grandest and also tho highest point in New Zealand. It is a gigantic mount, as largo as Gibraltar, anil equally ringed in hv the sea, except at the western end, whero there is u narrow strip of Kauri forest, which links it with the main land. Viewed from tho sea, the Barrier presents the appearance of an exact cone, up to within fifty yards of its summit. Thero tho sloping cuds. Be yond it is treeless, anil ns hare and bald as the crown* of a friar; other wise the sides of tho giant guardian of Maoriland are densely-wooded to the water's edge. Singular, indeed, betimes, is the treeless summit. Seamed and scarred, its surface is mottled with u dark glaze, which, during the sunlight, and even under the mellower beams of tho moon, gives forth a. coruscation, as if the lights were reflected from scale armour. Bivcn rocks, with deep, yawn ing chasms, arc everywhere around it, ail'll the strango glow is over all. No northern painter in primeval day ever dreamed of forms so mighty, so grotes que, as scorned to look down upon you from the rocks around. It required only a very meagre stretch of the imagination to peoplo these heights and depths with a raco of Titans, to conjure up tho sculptor at his work, _rudo though it may bo, after all tlio countless ages that Inyo passed. J On the southern side of the Barrier. | and within a mile of that narrow neck of earth, which joined the great- rock to the main land, stood a large and solidly built mansion. Its position was a broad, sloping ridge, which ran parallel with the base of the mount for more than half its entire length, over looking a lovely valley. Tlio archi tectural stylo of this building was id most as quaint and as strong as the natural walls of rock surrounding it. Thirty-yoars previous to the opening of this story, Colonel Harry Fernbrook —a handsome, dashing spendthrift, who had run through a large fortune in London—sold his commission, and with the money emigrated to Now Zealand, and purchased tlio Barrier Rock and its adjacent luud from old To Huri, the Maori chieftain, and there made his future home. The colonel, who was a bachelor, had not been sottled over a twelve-month at the Bock cro he fell in love, and married Myra Hilton, a Maori half caste girl of great beauty, and an heiress to immense wealth. One sou only was the issue of this marriage, Hilton Fornbrook. The boy was sixteen years old when ho lost his Sirents by a boating accident off tlio airier during a squall, and the re sponsibility of tlio youth’s personal wel fare devolved upon Rita—a tall, silent Maori woman, who had boon Mrs. Fernbrook’s nurse and ohief domestic. A bold, weird-looking landscapo is this around tho Barrier Rook, with its glistening pinnacles, its far-reccding peaks and downs of worn rock, with tlio setting sun full upon them, and lightiug up many a gloomy doll below. Hero, whero the suu glinted upon the faco of the cliff, an iris might bo seen shining amidst the floecc-like va pour. But rare was the eye that be held this beautiful phenomenon, for the place had tlio reputation of being haunted. Few there aro in our day who beliovc in ghosts. This go-ahead era of telephones and telegraphs has' grown out of all that. We have be come too matter-of-fact and practical for such humbug. Nevertheless, lio was a bold fellow who would venture alouo into the dim and dismal region of that ravine, and not feel the influence of the place upon his nerves. It was evident that some daring mortal had ignored the peril, for a tiny spiral column of smoke could be seen ascending from the haunted depth of the ravine upward to where a kind of stairway was traced formed of creepers, the outstanding stems serving as steps. It wns only by standing upon the very outer ledge above, and parting tlio foliage that screened it that the smoko oould bo soon; and, if only superficially observed, it might easily liavo been mistaken for a strong waif of the fog that floated above tlio water fall near which it rose. Closely scru tinised, however, its blue colour and soft, filmy bazo rendered it recognis able as tlio smoko of a wood fire, and one .that must havo been made by huinau Hands. Under the brunches of a largo kauri standing by the edge of the lagoon, a canoe of rude construction was moored by a twisted piece of supplcjaok at tached to tlio tree. Nor was this the only indication of the presence of man. Close under tlio cliff, and near where tlio torrent enmo tumbling down from the rooks, stood a kauri pine of enorm ous dimensions. Its buttressed trunk covered a- surface .of moro than forty foot in diameter, and the bole rose nearly to tlio brow of the cliff, with a thick foliage upon it which completely shut out tlio viow overhead^ Beneath it stood a wliure, or Maori lint, con structed of flax thongs and ruslios, with a door opening out to the path up the rock. Few and simple, indeed, wero tho articles of furniture in this primi tive abode. A couch made from two poles interlaced with dried flax and fern thereon, formed a bed, a sheet of hark placed upon four stakes for a table, and a kauri log for a seat-. Save an old tin kettle and ono or two uten sils, thero was nothing else in tho es tablishment in tho way of goods and chattels. Against the walls hung a variety of singular objects. Tho skull and tusks of a hoar, enormous bats, with human-liko faces, snakes, strings of teeth and bonds, and quaint images carved in wood. Squatting by the door of the wliarc was a Maori smoking a black, short clay pipe. He was of gigantic propor tions, and frightfully tattooed over overy part of his face. Between his broad shoulders was sot a hull-like head almost nookless. This personage was evidently waiting and watching for the appearance of some one expected by way of tlio cliff, for at tlio slightest sound ho would crane himself anil lis ten intently. At such times his back was bent like a how, presenting a great hunch, partly tlio effect of advanced ago, and partly from natural malforma tion. The Maori’s costume was in keeping with his abode. A short, thick tamba of Alien, jack hoots (much worn), to gether with a blanket formed into a toga, completed his costume. At his hand stood a double-barrelled gun, with shot hag manufactured from the skiu of some wild animal. Whoever tlio individual might ho for whom tho old Maori wutelied and wait od, lie did not appear to hurry, for the sun began to dip into tlio sea away be yond the'Tonga Reef ere the expected porsonage made liis appearance. In the fnst-deepening twilight the form of a man appeared at the apex of the cliff, who gave a peculiar cry, an imitation of the tolio. The Maori be low sprang to his feet immediately at the sound, and began climbing up the faco of the jagged rock with astonish ing rapidity. The lagoon reached, ho unfastened the cuuoo from its moor ings, and paddled across to whero the man stood for whom lie had been wait ing. Tliorc was just light sufficient to see that this latter personage was a little, hardy-looking man, young, nnd i with a form as lithe uud supple as an eel. His face, though hearing no par ticular indications of manly beauty, de noted both daring and cunning in a remarkable degree, otherwise there was .nothing to mark the man from any ordinary mortal, except when lie opened his mouth; then 011c felt a disagreeable sensation, as may he felt at the growl of a panther or the croak of a raven. Ill a very short time the pair re erossed the lagoon and descended the cliff. Not a word passed between thorn till they reached the hut. There the Pakcha throw himself upon tlio ■ rude couch and emitted a long wliistlo of relief. “So this is the Great Barrier, is it?” lie cried, with a mild irony in his un pleasant voice. “ I guess I’ve seen some few places on this globe besides New Zealand, hut hang me as high as Captain Bragg, if I ever saw anything to compare with this. There isn’t a lovel yard of terra firma on the entire rock. If one wants to go over the way to visit one’s neighbour, although thero arc no neighbours hereabouts that I can see, you can’t do it under five or six miles’ climbing. Faugh! Give me a match, Bosco.” The huge Maori grinned, and at the same timo handed his white companion a curiously-carved box containing ves tas. “ Now, old fellow, I'm going to rest hero for lialf-an-hour,” continued tlio \- little man, lighting a cigar, and hand ing another to his companion. “Inthe interim I want you to sec that tlio gear is nut into the boat all ready for a start. | " What, to-night?” enquired the / Maori. I “ To-night, Bosco! The moon will be up in an ho^r. We will sail when there’s light enough, if you please.” The hcrculeun savage gavo a grunt peculiar to the Maori race, lit his cigar, and left the hut. The other sat and smoked i:\ silence for some time, until his thoughts found vent in audible mutterings. “ Egad! this is going the ticket, and no mistake,” lie cried, taking the cigar from his lips, and apostrojffiising the curling smoko above his head. “ Here am I, Timothy Sharpe, alias tlio Ferret, and Vallet de-Sham to his greatness Mr. Hilton Fcrnbrook, Lord of the Barrier Bock; here am I, ambassador, courier, mes senger, forerunner, and what not, to herald the approach of my boss—mas ter, I mean—to this his home, after an absence of live years spent in England, and on the continent of Europe. Ha! ha! lia! it’s rare fun to be a gentle man, and to do the grand tour, as the boss and I have done it for these years past. Ha! ha!” And the idea so tickled the risible muscles of the littlo man that he rolled over the bunk in a lit of uncontrollable merriment. “Well, well. I’ve done my mission here satisfactorily, at any rate,” he said, when he had somewhat recovered him self. “ One trump card played, which will go far to win tho game, if pro perly followed up. Now, let me glance once more over my instructions to make sure I have missed nothing.” “ First, to give Bosco, the Maori, a half-dozen lines scribbled in some out landish fashion that old Nick himself could, not read it. The savage read it though, and deuced glad and pleased ho seemed after it, placed himself at once entirely at my disposal, and he put the missive away in his dirty blan ket as if it had been the Kohinoor. Second, received at the house when I got there—and devilish tired I felt too —scraping my shins against the sharp, steep rocks, received at the house with open arms, and especially by that tall, | dark old sho eat, Rita, the house keeper. What an eyo she has, and what long claws for scratching. Humph! Ferret, you rascal, beware of that Maori devil in petticoats. How her withered face lighted up when I told her that Master Hilton was com ing home. All, well! if the place does not suit you, Timothy Sharpe, you can givo notice. Ha! ha! ha! Lastly, I am not to delay my return. Very well, Master Hilton Fernbrook. The wind is fair for our sixty-mile journey, and I’m glad it is so, for an open fishing boat is not the most safe and comfortable con veyance on the coast of New Zealand on a dark night, and with a chopping sea on. Entre nous, Ferret, if the wind holds, the master of Fernbrook shall see the face of his humblo ser vant before to-morrow’s dawn.” “ Who’s there ?” The harsh voice croaked out the latter exclamation fiercely, and at the same instant a re volver was pulled forth from the breast of bis buttoned-up coat. “Bah! only Bosco1 returning,” lie cried, u'ftcr an intense pause. “ This infernal den of peaks and chasms would unnerve the devil himself.” He had only time to replace the weapon in his coat when tho Maori re-entered the “ Well, tho boat ready?” “ Come, then, lead tho way, Bosco,” cried the other, rising and lighting a fresh cigar. “ My master gave me positive orders to bo back again at Pukchina by to-morrow morning.” The old Maori took his gun, and after securing the door of his wlinre, led the way down the ridge of the ravine in silence. It was a perilous path oven to tlioso who were acquain ted with its intricate windings; but Bosco, who, old as he was, had been born and reared in its vicinity, guided his companion safely to the western ledge overlooking the sea. In a small, circular shaped inlet, 1 completely hid by the high, overhang ing cliffs above it, a goodly-sized yawl was seen rising and falling with the motion of the waves. The Ferret and his companion em barked. After they had cleared the cove _ a largo lug sail was hoisted, which”, catching the breeze, sent the boat along at tho rate of six or seven knots an- hour. The Maori held tho helm, and steered for a iTromontory opposite the Barrier, but fur away in tho distance, and on which a tiny speck of light shone over the dark waters. For over an hour there was a dead silence between these men; then the Maori spoke. “Is the master not well that he has sent you to report his arrival? Why did he stay at Pukeliinu ?” “Ah, that’s it, Bosco,” replied Sharpe, evasively. “Masters do not al ways consult their servants as to what they intend to do. They order, and we obey. You will have an. opportunity of asking, the boss that same question two or three hours hence; perhaps he may answer you in a more satisfactory manner than I can. One reason, no doubt, is that lie has not been very well. The voyage was a rough one, and Master Hilton is a bad sailor.” Tho Maori gave an unmistakable grunt of dissent. “The young eaglet always loved the sea,” he said, in his quiet tone. “Many a time has he tempted me forth with bribes of to bacco when the winds roared, and the waters were white with foam. Hilton Fernbrook hath changed, indeed, if tho rocking of a great ship taketh away his health and strongth.” “Bosco, you aro a Maori, and there fore cannot understand the changes which may come to one by travelling. Tho master of Fernbrook has been ab sent five years.” “Tut! twenty-five years cannot chango men’s likes and dislikes,” re plied Bosco. “Argued like a Maori,” cried the ferret, laughing his discordant laugh ; “the boss is not changed a bit, spite of all the queer things he has seen. He loves old Rita and Bosco. and bears in his regards all the old domes tics who served his father before him.” “Ah! Bosco loves tho boy.” grunted tho old fellow, in a mollified tone. “When lie was no higher than this thwart I marked him with the eagle of Te Papa. Let him travel where lie may, ho will remember Bosco.” “Certainly! Now I think of it, there is a tattoo mark on my master’s left shoulder.” “Nay, the eagle is upon his breast,”, cried the Maori quickly. "Of course, old man. What am I thinking about?” responded the Ferret. “See yonder; what light is that?” he added, suddeuly, pointing to a red glare shining .athwart the prow of tho . “That is the Point Light,” answered his companion. “From that peak it is several miles to Pukohina.” “Good! Here, take a nip out of this flask. Master Hilton, will reward jou handsomely for this job, Bosco.” (To be continued.) Among the prisoners arraigned before the court was an Irishman. “ Are you guilty or not guilty ?” asked the judge in a stern voice. “ Faith, an’ it’s yer honor’s business to decide that,” replied Pat. First Tramp—“ AVake up, Harry ; de barn’s on lire.” Second Tramp—“ Hang desc careless farmers. Dey’re allers leavin’ a lot o’ hay around where a feller’s apt to drop sparks from his pipe.” 