Comic Cuttings The Earliest Comb-makers.—Beea, No Risk Whatever*—A safe robbery, A Buy. Election—Where the seat is sold. ..'The ideal husband—some other woman's fausbaod. ^ 'The Highest Approbatlon.^-Applausc from %he*gallery. Hardly Suitable ' for Breakfast.—The " roll" of the sea. The man at the bottom of the ladder can not fall and hurt himself. Ail Intoxicating Beauty.—A pretty girl at tired in a wine-coloured silk. A Spiritual Inquiry.—"Is it likely that ghosts talk in the dead languages. *** If you don't know when you are well off, you are pretty sure to find out afterward. . It would be a good deal easier_Jpf ove our neighbours as ourselves If they "Would dd things the way we do. Why is selling off bankrupt goods like preparing a basin .of soup 1" Because it's a liquidation of stock." " Papa, why do they call language the mother tongue " Because the father so seldom gets a chance to use it." It's Thrue, Avic !—Says an Irish dovcf, " It is a great comfort to be alone, especial ly when yer swateheart !b wid ye!" Mother's Image.—Visitor : " How much the baby resembles Its mother !" Father : " Yes, it talked when it was only six months old !" Mother: "Johnny, why did you not tell me that you were naughty at school V\ Johnny Tldn't best to tell women every* thing." Prisoner": " If your Honour will allow mo a little time I think I cab prove my In nocence." „ Magistrate % " All right ; take thirty days." Hobby: " How did the Sphinx get the credit of being so wise, papa ?" Mr. Know in : " By keeping ber mouth shut for about 3000 years." & " Do you suppose the telephone will ever replace the telegraph ?" " It may, but no matter what happens it's safe to say the telephone will have the call." "You don't .even dress me decently," she cried.. " I'm going home to papa." " All right," replied Doolits ; " you might say to him also that I need a new suit myself." First Artist (patronistngly) : "Van Dike is a good fellow, but he never will bo a finished painter." Second Artist : " No ; all of his figures are entirely^'too lifelike." George: " I just saw you coming from the conservatory with Miss Goldie. Rather handsome girl, but too reserved for me." Thomas :" Yes, I Just reserved her for life." " I am sorry I bought one of those door mats with ' Welcome' on It." " Why so ?" "Some stupid fellow mistook the meaning of the word and helped himself to it the first night." " Josephine is dreadfully vexed with her hUBband." " What has he done ?" " She gave him gold suspender buckles at Christ mas, aDd now he won't keep his coat ou at dinner." He : " That is just like a woman—reading the end of a novel flrsL. It seems to be the nature of a woman to jump at a conclusion." She : " 1 didn't jump in this case. 1 skipped." First Chicago Man : " Well, I'm- engaged to be married to Mrs. Rasber-Bacon." Second C.M.: " You don't say so 1 Is poor Rasher-Bacon dead?" First C.M.: "No; but he's dying." "What, then," the new woman^asked defiantly, " what, then, Is woman's sphere to-day ?" The old man shook his head in sorrow. " The earth seems* to be woffihn*s sphere," he said- ruefully. > Lonesome Larry: "I'm awfully uncertain about what I ate at dat boardin'-housc." Weary William : " What did it look like ?" Lonesome Larry : " I can't describe it, but Its nom de plume was hasb." "I wonder," said' the young inao, " whether there is .much money to be made by wrltingnovels.'! "Borne, perhaps," re plied the professional amanuensis, " but not as much as by typewriting them." * "Jane," said the landlady severely, " where are the eggs for dinner ? I told you to cook that, dozen I borrowed from the neighbours." " YeB, mum, but you told me later to be sure and return 'em," " I see that fellow Dawson got out hlfi new patent kites the other day, and per I -sonally he was taken up Into the air sixty feet by them. He must be crazy." " Not crazy—but certainly a very light weight" Nell : " Miss Bjones uses French pbrasea - In the moBt peculiar manner.*' Bell ; "Does she ?" Nell : " Yes, Indeed J Why, - at breakfast yesterday, I asked her how; she liked her eggs and she said they were very , chick." ■ " Didn't your brother forget his lines ct the amateur theatricals . last evening ?'•* " No—he only got them mixed a little. In stead of saying, ' I hear the tramp of ap proaching footsteps,* he'said, *I 4iear the footsteps of approaching- tramps.'" Voice at the telephone : " Major, will you please bring your family and take supper with us next Sunday ?" -Servant girl (re plies back through telephone) : -Master and mistress are not Jn. at presentjm but they can't come to iSupper.&s; Itls;myiSiinday out." . ' " ;""" "Every year," said the professor, "a sheet of water fourteen feet thick is raised to the clouds from the sdo." What time of the year does that happen, professor ?" asked the freshman from the -interiptv " I 'should think it would be a sight worth going to .see." . . ^ " Do you go to school, little boy f' " oh, yes, slr—I love to go to school!" " What do you study—reading, writing, andartthm xnetlc ?" " All of those, sir 3" '" And* aro you familiar with punctuation ?" " Ob, yes, Indeed, slrl Teacher punctuated ber tire las' week, an' I mended It tor her In less *n ten minutes, sir." ' " An old African cruiser" writes ;—"Some years since a captain, now dead, who was In command of the island of Ascension, had to decide a very difficult point of etiquette. Some of the iadies complained -to him that the best seats in church—the front, ones were taken by the wives of the'junior offi cers. The captain looked very " though tlul for a few minutes* and.thcn he gave his de cision,. which'was,-"In future^.the elder ladles are to hdvetne front seats.' He was never again troubled nn that subject." 