THE LOVER'S QUEST IUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. r— 13y 'Grnedt . Author of "Tho Lost Heiress," "The Foeaioker," "A Fair Colonist," " The Golden \Roek," fto., to, COPYRIGHT. OHAPTlilt VH. m ANS, <.111 " havu "!aJv "C'jjjiiLLurn \ ? 0 u . jlj a n t /II WSr/l 0 11 Have o/V lived hero .among these men, and V should ' know their hqbits.' 4 Thcro is no way -out, siour, but by tbe passage, and the men there thoy do not sleep for the- spirits.' ' 1 Spirits !' ' Oh, a many 6pooks, baas — from the holes, and Tho water, and tho bushes; many devils that corao in the night to . frighten any man who is.' alone. Oh,. ' yes. They talk of them always, aud at :-r;timcB they make much noise to frighten > tho spooks.' 'V . Miles picked up tlip white garment lib hqd-tosscd dride.' . > " II I holdthisron the rifio, ' Hans, nnd-you make a hoiso, would the guards "dofm in the 'da'rk there take it for a Bpook?- ; u . The Hottentot dre w'a long breath. ' 4.;Mdwohphhhrier you havo got it sure, aUdvnrel !- rYes; T will' cry cieep in my hclly, -and thoy will run. It is good.1 You think ; so P said Miles, douht- ' fully. " - 4 Oh, yes; dey plenty bang for tho .night tliings. Come now, . baas, before tho early cold come. They crept off down the valloy, guided; by tho shimmer of light .on the . ! thiii stream that found its way through the gorge where the guards were posted. Tho more Miles dwelt ou tho 4 plan' tho more childish it- appeared until, when tho dhrk, walls ngnin loomed up close before him, ho was prepared to abandon the trick. Hans, howovor, volio'mently maintainetl that it was tho only „j>lnn tbat would, succeed, unless they mado a fight for it, and finally Miles prepared to build op .tho ghost. All ho required was a stick to lash across tho barrels . and to form tho arms. This was soon ! found, and tho whito robo was carefully fixed, and looked certainly ghostly . enough as it fluttered in tho air. Thoy arranged to advnnco as near as thoy .could to the passage without being de tected, when Miles was to lift his banner 'on- high and Hans, crouching behind, was to howl. . If tho trick did not fail thoy wero to try and slip through in tho dark, and if oppoded, fight. . , Slowly they crept on, foot by foot, guided by tho "glow of a small watchfirc insido the- gorge, and Milea was prepar ing to hoist his ghost when there rose a sudden savage ar, followed by a heavy thud. 4 Tho tiger, aas,' said Hans, in a thrilling whisper, 4ho6mollsus. Now thoy will .find you havo loft tho hut. Quick.' Tho guards wore calling loudly to- each - other, and a second later, the report of a riflo rang up tho valloy behind. Miles lifted his riflo, tho white robo. fluttered like somo giant's wrailb, and Hons omitted a long, low, blood-curdl ing howl, terminating in a hollow groan. Before ho had finished the leopard roared again, and amid this awful din Miles stepped into tho mouth of the ravino and into tho viow of tho guards, who had all rushed together and stood peering into the darkness, their nevesr nil quivering.- : . 4 Sbeitan !'. :thoyv prlcd,- and as the apparition appemred wo of them hastily . fired, the others pressed hack against : tho roqjc, and thon Hans howled again, finishing off with a fiendish laugh. This was too much for tlm superstitious Arabs, and with a yell .of terror thoy fled/ dropping their rifles. Hans went after, '! .laughing hideously, and Miles followed at a run. -Once out of tho ravino thoy : stopped to listen, . and could hear the tonified guards still flying and calling wildly .on Allah and thej Prophot, while echoing through the gorge oomo tho clamour of the aaned mob behind. 'Which way now?1 Without . a word Hans stooped and lifted Milcs's right foot, thon tho loft, finally smacking his own bare feet. . -4Now,' ho oried, 'this- way,' and struck -np to tho right, where tho sides of tho valley hlopcd at on easy gradient. Up thor went at their best speed, until ..when tne top was readied Miles stopped to get breath/ and heard below the volumoT)£- noise increasing to a perfect roar of rage. 1 What did you do to my feet? \- 'Thoy will loose tho tiger just nuw, and I smeared Arab grease on so ho will mi6s tho spoor!. ' Hear, baas, tho tigor ; already ho is loose;' The cry of the ficrco brute, this tirao more of a scream than a roar, roso high abovo tho other sounds, and Miles heeded no other spur, but dashed on after tho Hottentot? who turned sharply to tho right. Another dpspernto burst through thorns, wliich lacerated their skins, brought thorn to a wall of rock. : We must climb,' said Huns breath lessly, us ho moved about feeling the rocks. 4 Hero is a sput,' ho jraid, nnd . they struggled up a narrow cleft, clutching fiercely, with their tooth shut, and trusting .blindly to luck to bring them out to a firmer, footing. Safely, however, they surmounted this obstacle, aiid threw themselves on a lovol stone to xvgain their wind. Then a suvugo or) from out tho pitch darkness below, ae- foiupauicd by yells from human throats almost us fierce, spurred them on Mice more, but this timo their way lay through dense wood, and thoy hail to go slow, but as they struggled on, the noiso of tho cliusc died out. 4 Good !' said the Jlottontot, 1 thoy havo gone down tho riVer nnd they went on more quietly for an hour, when they, struck a small stream, hml Hans sat down, , 4 Wo can sleep now, siour, Mawoh, Dat was well done.' . 4 Do you know, where we are?' 4 Wo nrc ncar tlio placo wo just left.' .Notin tho vnlloy again ?' 4 Nell, baas, no ; on tho rock above. See, thoy will nobtliink we have turned back, hut will. go on. Ob, yes, I have made that platl long time— if I got o'ut- sido .tho plnccr— to climb bnok to tho top. Hans is a . slim' (slyY'korol. Slcop, my baas ; when the Eight comes they will reck/for! spoor, ;<and' wo must 'havo nllby csbpen.' The old follow lioreupou doubled himsulf . up. in somo garmont ho had snntchcd up'at the Inst moment before' the flight, and was soon asleep. Miles, however, sat clutching ' his riflo and listening to the faint, far-off murmur of tho hunt, before snatched a few houcs' sleep. " Thoy wero afoot again before the early dawn, nnd when tho sun had. been an hour , up thoy had placed several miles between them and thoir enemies, though the course taken naturally led thorn deeper into the country. When they took their rest they found that in the anxiety of thoir cscapo thoy had forgotten to bring away oven an ounce of food, aud as their hungor in creased thoy turned their pockets inside out. Miles preduccd a hnudfuLof dates from his, while Hans discovered a small, stick of biltong, a cake of Cavendish tobacco; a flint, a thong of buckbido, and tho fragment of a letter. Miles picked up the scrap of papor and smoothed it out, nnd tho word that first caught his attention wast' Stoffcl.' 4 Whore did you got' this? ho said, holding tho shred up. 4 In the coat, baas,' 4 And the coat ?' 4 1 picked him up'in the placo of the guns. Allevorol!' thcoldmanoxclaimcd in astonishment, as he hgld tho coat up ' and examined it. - It was a stout coat of corduroy, bearing signs . of much wear. 4 1 know him well ; it bolongs to that daivel, Stoffcl.' . _ 4 Do you know tht man?' asked- Miles, quietly. „ 4 Stoffcl! Hcisjcs so as a tiger — jo. Ho was my baas in thh old land, and for I loso his oxen when the night was dark, ho sent mo to tho slave men with a hriefje— vcnlom — and. tho slave man put my neck in tho yoke.' Where was thot?» 4 By tho big. rrVer, much far away. Bymby I get back to tho big river j. bymby I find dat samo Stoffol.' - 4 Is he a slave dealer ? ' 4 Nob, baas, ho shoot; and he trade for clophnnt teeth ; and he soli guns, and brandy-wine, all' sortyto tbo Kaffirs.' - 4 1 suppose ho has white men with him?' 4 1 don't think so. Ho is a slim kcrel, and what he know ho know, but his boys don't know. I did hear, all tho some, dcr was ono place in the bush where he build a house, and the mens said ho would bring ono of his wives derc.' 40nc of his wives?' 4 Jo, boos, he jes same as tho Arab or Kaffir chief, and be Have plenty wives, all coloured. ' Bymby 1 go back to the big river, and bymby 1 sco dat Stoffol, and I hit liim so, bliff, on thekop,'. and Hans made a cut with his sword. 1 should like to see this Stoffol myself, Hans ; for it was ho who got me into -this trouble.' . 4 How?' cried Hans, his little eyes sparkling like a snaked. 4 We must get hack to tho port and take, a ship to tho river, Hans; and when we get there you must holp mo track him down.' 4 Ja,. siour; ole Hans is a Wg hunter. He knows all the country there, but it is far, far, and in between thoro arc a mafiy Kaffirs.' 4 We cannot ho more than fivo days from tho sea, Hans, and once there wo vjll find a ship to toko us... .Wo. must work south a little, and -then turn round and make straight -for tho coast, taking a lino that tho Arabs aro not likoly to cross.' v Thoy divided tho littlo storo of food, and Hans hunted out a fow grubs and roote wliioh ho ate. In tho afternoon thoy turned south, keoping a sharp look out aa thoy went, and Hans on tho way marked down a douse swarm of small partridges about a pool, and knocked over, sovcral wifli n stick. Before duBk they took thoir bearings and turned duo east, keeping ou until well after sunset, when they built a small firo and roasted the birds. After tho meal thoy cut thorn branches uud mado a solicrm as u shelter both ugninst tho wind nud wild beasts, for tho jucknls had begun their complainings i\b soou as darknoHs set in, and Inter on tho hyenus had joined in. Tho birds that fly in tho night, too, were calling over head, nnd iu tho silent pauses there wur a fnint stirring in tho cir» tho qcho of some i'ar-qff souud, where tho breakers of tho Indian Ocean were beating on tho shore. Miles was shaping out thu future, and, his mind busy with the story Hans had told him coucoruiug Stoffol, lutd entirely left tho Arab sheikh out of his calculations. It seemed to him, indeed, as if a long intemil had gone by siticu hu wus detuiucd in tho vulloy - - - . . 4 Hark to. that, bans,' said Hans, lb a startled whisper. 4Wlmt? It is n jackal howling.' ' Noli, Kieur, listen ! There 1' 41 can hear nothing,' said Miles, im patiently Tho Hottentot sat im; with his bond bout forward, and Jiia qyes closed, while Miles sighed, ami resumed tho thread of his speculations, :W '. 4 1 knqw it,' sfiM Hnns, jumping up. Miles stood up, too, for ho saw that his companion was really alarmed. 4 Thoro again it comes, and nearer. Does baas hear now?' 4 1.hcar u cry far off.' 4 My Gott, it is tho tiger !' 4 The tigor! What, not that bruto from the valley ?' — 4 Ja, siour/'' said tho Hottentot, solemnly. Thoy stood listening, nnd then there broke out thu weird howling of n pack of jackals, followed by deep Bilunco, through which again there, sounded tho hum of tho sen. 4 Lot us run, baas.' ' 4 No, lot us stand. Wo arc match for ono bruto/ 4 If it comes alone, yes,' said Hans, doubtfully, a- ho drew . his sword. . 4 Still, it is dark, and if it springs into this' sohcrm wo. would havo no room. Lot us get away by somo rook-.' And he kioked tho thorns away, flinging them dn the firo. 4 So, if wo stand off in tho dark wo can soo him come into \tho light.' ' Thoy moved off to tho shelter of a rook, and watched tho flames sloTvly . quiver up among tho piled materia, while tho crv carao nearer and fiercer, in a sorios of short, savage olpe. Pre sently,- however, as tho .firo took hold nnd shot upj tho ory ceased. v 4-Uo is-riinning still now,' said Miles, . tiTho' thrust his riflo ovor tho rook. . 4 Mnyho there ore men with him who havo called him back.' 4 Ah,' said Miles, :4that sounded . like ' a hoof-beat.' 4 It is so, my baas. Will tho master fight?. - If thoy tako him ho will live, but mib thoy will givo to tho tiger, I know.' Wc must fight,' Hans. ' Hore tako this holt of cartridgo? and hand ino tho charges as I may want them.' 0 5 1 That is my boas,' and tho old man began to cry. 4 Ek no hang, baas. I . cry always when I fight. Voetsack yo verdmolo cat !' ho shouted, ti& tho cry onco more hurst out. There was. no mistaking tbat tcrriblo ! souud now for anything' hut fchq yell of tho furious beast thoy dreaded, and Miles felt his hair stir as ho stood with his weapon ready, and his .oyes fixed on the oirclc of light about tho still blazing firo. Thoy heard clearly ; tho rattle of pebbles, tho so£fc thud of tho great paws, and a low menacing grunt, then one shrill whistle, f Alowcd by intense Bilcnce. 4 There is a man there,' whispered Hans. 4 Yes, bo colled tho tigor off.' . 4 Nch, sicur, ho callea tho tiger to go slow. Now ho will bo orcoping up.' The silcnco seemed to dconcn, bui in vain they. tried to catch tho faintest, sound/and in; every spot of -blaok, in o very waving bush,': and stone, they saw a crouching form stealthily ap proaching.-. So thoy stood till thoir oyes wearied of tbo strain, and Miles sot his gun down, forthc ficrco grasp on tho stock ' bad benumbed his fingors. Thon, picking up tho weapon agois he Btopped ooftly th.thn firo. nnd . throw. a .il amine brand into ttio darkness, (ind foil bnek . with his finger on tho trigger. Thcro was no response to this challenge, savo a complaining whimper from a hungry t jackal, and ho wont bnok to tho rock puzzled. . ' # « 4 Boos,' whispered Hans, tho beast is back of us. He is watching whllo tho man has ridaen away for holp.' 4 How do you know ?' 4 It must b"2so. He would striko our wind, and when tho whistlo sounded ho would see - tis. I know his oyes aro oh us how, where ,ho lies low with his chin - on tho ground".' 4 We will walk him up, then,' said Miles firmly, and he stepped out into the dark, with his hack to tlto'firc, fcol- ing away with hi6 feet, whilo Hqob kept clcso beside him, with tho point of his crooked blridc.up. .. Blowly and . anxiously thoy quartered the ground to the right, then to the left, tlum mado a cirelc with tho fire for tho contrc, hut not a sign or a 6ound did they seo or hear of cither man or beast, and then they took tlioir hearings from tho Southern Cross and walked steadily away. Witif many a halt to look behind, they walked right into tho eye of tho morning. As tho . fight grow thoy turned 'wearily to look behind, and from their feet to th horizon there stretched a level arid plain, unfolding mile on mile as tho mist was rolled hack by tho sun. No living thing was there. Tho hard ground held no trace of footmark, %nd thoy threw themselves by the side of 8 tall ant-hill, with their bodies iu the direct gaze of the 6un, for tbo raw air chilled them to tho bone. 4 Why did wo run away last night?" said Miles, thinking they had been scared at nothing. But tho Hottentot mado no reply. His chin had fallen forward, and he wus souud mdcup. Miles felt unconsciously in his pocket for food, and in the absence of even a i single date filled his pipe and smoked, with his thoughts going back to that ' day in Wales besido the- little lake, ! Thon ho remcmborcd Stoffol, and tho ' hint Hans gavo him of his home- building fnr south, and hosighcd in his holplcssness. 4 What's dar ?' said Hans, leaping to his feet, and glaring round. , 4 Nothing, Hnns.' ! 4 1 did think that Amol was catching j! mo by tho thront, and holding' mo whilo :;- tho tigor come up.' 4 1 should liko something to cat,' said Miles, looking round dver tho plniu fur < < a sight' of a bird. 4 If wo fimVwntor wo ' -i. will find game, and from tho slant of 1, these old water marks I think wo will march in that direction,' pointing to the % J right. 4 That is right, bans.' pro im continukd. 1 \r? All baked puddings, If placed in cold u'.iler for a fow minutes before taking to tho' taV'o, . will loQYD tho dish frocly. flrDttarmff.Mtkm.BMGL 