Toowoomba Athletic Association. cycling club meeting. Tin: first snorts meeting hold on the now oycliog track, at tho Toowoomba Athlotia Associations splendid grounds, took placo on Saturday aftornoon whon, under tho aus pices of tbo Toowoomba Cyclists' Club, fivo ovonts wero oompolcd for. Tho uitondanco wus not very largo, but tbo mooting should result in a financial suuccs, and additional interest will bo carried forward to tho credit of tho Club's noxt meeting. Tho truok, and surroundings, whoso upponrmico is now very .pleasing to tbo cyo, was In iirst-clnss condition. - riio remarks passed by tho metropolitan iiiiuih rvguruiug iiiu iniuK wero most com plimentary, and Wldto stated that U was tho best track ho bad over ridden on in Aus tralia. This should indeed bo satisfactory to tho 'Association, nnd to Mr. R. H. Dodd, who planned and supervised tho con struction of tha track. Tho fields- woro very good, nnd same splendid racing was witnessed, tho finishes of two of tho ovents bolhg exceedingly fine. In tbo Threo Mila F. lUckards oanio first, and A. J. Whito second, with 11. Laing third. Exactly tho ' smnc ordcr w.\s preserved in tho TwoMilo, tho finish being very close, tho winner just getting homo. Tho Brlsbnno officials tele phoned up to tho Heorclury, altering Whito's handicap to his disadvantage, but doubtlog . tho accuracy of tho moHsago, ho decided to - raco to tho advertised handicap— and chanco- ' tbo result. .'In theso two principal ovents/ Brisbano riders bad U all their own way. ;, Tito racing rcvcabd that somo of tho local riders, particularly llowo, wero now to-tho: " coursu, and would require a llttlo training to . qualify them .for track racing. Tbo spec- " tutors could hear thoollck of maohinos bump-'", ing ono nnotbor at Intervals, and this fault "f, brought down tworidors, though no damage, '; was tiono. It was seen also that going to Uio' back of tbe course a 44 tired feeling " seemed to coma over nil tbo local riders, rendoring. tho raco slow at that point. . Tho offioinls were : Judgo, Mr. P. Swooney ; Reforccs, Massrs. G. Gallon, H A. Ncsblt, C. IlanncRsy, J. Walker, A'.IJ. Nfarlay : Starter, Mr. G. Partridge ; Timekeeper, Mr. G. Moloney; Clerk of tho Courso : Mr. R. W. Wilson. > Lnp Scorers ; Mossra. J. Rollcston and E. H. Trovcthan. Secretary : Mr. F. Ucnaossy. . Oonsldbrlng everything, nnd that this was tho firat raco meeting, tho arrangements mado ' wcin very satisfactory. Annemlful urn tbo details of tbo vnrloiia ovents d— -' Onk and A-'iur.v Mn.us.— 1st prizo, gold tnedal (OJub) ; 2nd, plpo valued 10a. Od., prcHcntud by Mr. Will ntovons. Firat Heat ; .7. H. 11. Mclntyro, 45yds., 1 ; P.H. Johnston, ' 120yds., 2 ; 10. J. Rowo, 05y<ls., 8. Time, 4 minutes. J. Skinner was to tho fore for a considerable distance, but was hard pressed - by Wright. Mclntyro ovontuijly got closo up, s and shortly afterwards passed Skinner, who foil away to the end. Tho scratch man, D. Coopor, had not ad' ghost of a chanoo," and gava up tho struggle long faoforo tho finish. Mclntyro won very cosily, and Rowo camu ton yards behind Johnston. Second neat : A. Mullor, 457yds., 1 ; H, Stephens, ttOyds., 2 ; H. F. Retiwick, 110yds., 3\. Tiino, -linin. lOsecs. - Aftor a fow laps all riders were together, and then Mullcr pushed to tho front, maintaining his position, though hard pressed. At tho - post bo was two yards ahead of Stephens, with. . Heiiwiok a good third. Tho final strugglo proved full of interest. Rcnwiok did not .coinpoto. Mclntyro paced it for tho first lap, StopnenH then challenged the -position, but afterwards fell behind, leaving Mclntyro still . in front of him. This rider aftor a time passed Johnston, and in tbo Inst lap Mullor pushod ahead nnd got to tho front. Mclntyro then died awny, and Stephons, after putting on a smut, rawed Muliur amid annlauso. A great strugglo' then resulted, and tho chancos alter nated in quick succession. Stephens was do- ' olurcd tho winner by a fow inches. Tiiho, 3min. 58sccs. \- Onk Mu.k Novice.— 1st, gold and silver medal presented by Mr. Harry Stevens: G. Uillington. 80yds., 1 ; W. Warlow, scr.,2 ; . 11\. Skinner, 50yds., 3. Time, 2min. 35 l/Ssoos. - Tliere were six starters, und tho raco proved . exciting. Tho scratch man soon mado up tho - distanco, catching tho others in a bunch. : He then reached. out and coming round tho ; fourth tlmo Wurlow was In frunlr "DlUfirgton, : whoso praises wero sung by tho: gathering, thon passed hiin aiald great cheering and a splendid finish ensued, Billington winning by two yards. Mii.k Maiden.— 1st, gold and silver medal, nroscntcd bv Mr. D. Annuiid; 2nd, bleyclo lump by D.D. Cyclo Agency : W. Warlow, scr., 1 ; E. J- Rowo, 20yds.. 2. Time, 2min. JOsecs. Four started. There was Uttto to doseribo until fourth hip, when Skinner fell, llowo was going full tilt, whon Warlow passed him in tho last lnp nnd won easily. Tho referees reported llowo for foul riding, stating . that tho first touch brought down Skinner,, and near tho post his machino touched Warlow's. Two Mii.eh.— 1st, trophy valuod £2 2s., prcsontcd by Messrs. Allan and Stark ; 2nd, Bioyolo Lamp, presented by Messrs. Smith and Sons. F. lUckard'a (Brlsbnno), Hcrntch , . . . 1 A. J. White (Brisbane), 120 yards. . . . 2 It. Lning (Brisbane), 100 yards . . . . 3 W. Warlow (Brisbane), 120 yards. . . . 4 Time, 5min. 35scc3. The other startcro wero D. Cooper, 110 yds.; II. Stephens, 170 yds. ; A. Muller, 170 yds. ; J. S. D. Molutyre, 180 yds. ; E. J. Rowo, 190 yds. ; C. Stephens, 450 yds. This was tho raco in which White, although advised that the Brisbane officials had altered his handicap, decided lo run on. tho mcssngo was correct. Stephens main tained a good lead for tho first two laps. . Howe contended with Stephens, tbo chances alternating. Ultimately Mullor got to the front, with Rowe second. In tho noxt round White ami Rickards pullnl up, and got in front noaring tho post ,Uowo then falling back. A tremendous battle ensued, resulting in a vciy fino finish, Rickards winning by-not haH fi' wheel from Whito, with lining not fur ofr third. Warlow. eamo a bad fourth. _ Tunv.i: Milk. — Trophy, vuluj U presented by Mr. F. W. North. F. Rickards, scr. (Brisbane) A. J. Whito. 180yds. (Brisbnne. It Laing, 250yds. (Brisbano) / W. Warlow, llWyds. (Brisbane,., Time, 7min. 55jscci. Tet eluding D. Cooper, 190yd. 50yds. ; A. Stephens, 270yd" HOOyds. ; H. Sklunqr, 500y .fiOOyds. The faco needs vt tion until the last fow hp».r caught his field, and alihoug' lap, H. Stephens - and Rowe riders were very promlpejr ej' js-.- : , , 