Original Novel A Liifle Maori Wai £Aix RIGHTS Resbbykd.] CHAPTER XI.—(Continued) . E. DOIDGE, Author of ' Father and Son,' 'The Daughters of Eve'—a tale of the Maori War; ' The Mysteiy of Mervellien,' 'Marian Gonisby,' * Piwee,' Daughter of Taranui,' &c.; • I did not wifh to leave yon, dear Lady Merlin.' ' I heard j '.u say twice this morning how inviting th( buiit-hine looked. You quite at liber y to vo.' ' Then, it you please, I shall go and lie do*n for an hoar ; then it will be easier to keep awake ciumg the night.* • As if 1 i ept you awake during the night 1 I in. riire you slept well enough last night; J > ad 10 awaken you three times for my met > ioe I never knew such a woman to i<• >p! But do go now, as I really canr>c< endure so much talking.' Miss Hat >ltcn loiebore even to argue and Rama j. ir suiry for her. Under other oircumBtanci - "he would have fired up; but the quiet an< uducing spirit of resignation, s which she r< • in her erstwhile governess's eyes, appeal <o her. o • Come,' el t> raid, • and I will show you the medicine, and tell you when it is to be given.' On a table, at the further end of the room, was wlat looked like an amateur chemist's shop. Bottles of effervescence, medicinal water, alkalis, preparations of bicarbonate and potash. citric and tartaric aoids, and aromatic tinotures in ammonia and lavender. •Miss Hamilton,' cried the petulant old lady,' one would suppose you were giving inatruotions for the treatment of a Hospital lull of patients! Do you suppose Rama oan possibly remember one half of all you are telling her? Do you intend that she shall take the case out of the doctor's hand P' • I beg you not to distress yourself. You know that it would not do to have any mistakes in your medicine ?' 1 As though there could be any mistake ! Ia sot every bottle marked, and th quantities P I suppose Rama's eyesight is not impaired, and that she has not forgotten how to read.' Then the faithful companion left the room, wondering how long it would be before she v. ould be as impatiently summoned ae she was thus summarily dismissed; how long it would be before the lees-enduring spirit of Rama would revolt against the geuty sufferer's ill-humors, aad almost unbearable querulouaness. ' Sit hpre, Rama, You, at least, will not bore me; when Miss Hamilton is not sadly stupid, she is contrary. It has occurred to me, while 1 have been lying here racked with pain, that perhaps I should have . -shown you more consideration, child, whin on were so long and closely associated with Ilbs Hamilton. I had not realised how really provoking it is possible for her to be.' •You must not think that, dear Lady Merlin. I assure you Miss Hamilton was always very patient and long-suffering with me.' ' Pull down that blind, the sun is shining right acroes my bed.' Rama did ae requested. ' No,;i do not like that. Put it up again ; open a newspaper and lay it over the footrail. The doctor says the sunshine is the greatest healer. Oh P (in a sudden ond angry note)«why did you touch the quill P Do you not knew n.y great toe giv&s; me agony of torment ?' (her feet was in a box), ' 1 beg your p&nJcL..; I wp rot awe.' 'You should think, then. Can't you see how carefully she has arranged the bedclothes, so ae not to bear heavily. Pull the paper a little to tho right. There.' 'Now sit down. If one .thing is more annoying than another it is to sea people standing aimlessly about a room Rama sat down, and was for a few •Mment* silent. 1 Have you absolutely no conversation ? I eent for you that I might be cheered a little in my desolation.' ' I sball be very glad if I oan entertain you. 1 assure you.' 4 You did not go to church on Sunday, Miss Hamilton said.' ' Yes, I accompanied Mrs Co wan; wo went to Ponsonby.' ' What took you there f' • We went specially to hear the Rev. Mr Totara.' Who in the world is he P' • A young clergyman who has recently J — J-- _J -II - .. • • been ordained. He is a Maori. •So I should suppose. You would not think of telling me that Campbell is Sootch or Murphy Irish, would you ?' * You asked who he was.' 'Do not give ire any back answers, Kama. This Totara is a friend of yours, 1 suppose P" 4 1 mot him for the first time at Bishop's Court. He is very gentlemanly, and tremendously in earnest. I think you would like him, Lady Merlin. His lordship thinks a great deal of him.' 'Does he? Well, it is something to have really converted a Maori.' •It is, indeed. Though it is not an ordinary case of conversion/ ' How do you know F' ' I put the question to Mr Totara.' •What, feu asked him if he was converted P' ' I asked him, rather, when he was converted.' ' He must have considered you very peronal, not to say impertinent.' ' I do not think so.' • Well, when and how was he converted P • He does not quite remember, I think he said; he was always good, I should say— always serious. I am sure.' ' 1 trust, if that is so, you will be at some pains to emulate him.' • Yes, I think I shall.' • Seeing that you are so much interestad in this young man, you may invite him to come here, if you wish.' ' If you wish it, certainly, Lady Merlin.' • I did not say I wished it'—thie came almost snappishly, as a tinge of pain shot through her stiff joints. It was upon Rama's lips to suggest to the old lsdy not to be oross, but, remembering the infirmities of age and gout, she curbed her tongue and resolved to endure. Softly she commiserated and suggested a glass of soda; ' 1 am sick of their nosirums; bat I will take a cup of tea.' • I understood Miss Hamilton to say the doctor only allowed you tea once a day.' 'Then I shall take it twice. 1 know without being told what the doctor said. Miss Hamilton interferes more than is desirable.' ' I am sure she only desires to see you well again. Your digestion being so much impaired, tea' ' Will you force me to ring the bell P Tell Miss Hamilton to come tome at onoe ! At once, do you hear P' ' It is little more than half an hour since he left us to lie down.' a 'Do yon dare to disobey my express o ommands, girlp* i 'I will order the tea, oertainly, and much good may it do you,' Rama could not refrain from murmuring, as she left the room. Shortly afterwards the Bishop's wife was announced, and Rama was permitted to withdraw from the trying ordeal of nursing one of the most exacting viotims which the tyrant gout ever marked for its own. The respite was for the spaoe of half-an-hour. Ere that was over Miss Hamilton had joined her; they were spending a few minutes with Mrs Cowan in the reception room. How can you endure itP' feelingly queried that good soul. 'It is a trial of patienoe, no doubt,' was the reply. ' But I am fairly used to it, you know, and by patient endurance ' ' Martyr crowns are won, the Bishop says,' broke in the elder lady. e •Mifs Hamilton tells me that the day time is pleasant compared with the night experience; if that is the case, I fear I should not survive one night,' said Rama. ' I could not keep up, of oourse, were it not that the trained nurse comas at 10 and remains till breakfast time. I do hope the attack will not last much longer.' It did not at that particular time. Three days later Lady Merlin was up and about, better than she had been for years, she declared, smiling quite cheerily, and reading reciprooating smiles m all animated nature, causing even Rama to think that there may be worse things in the world even than a bad inflammatory attack of gout. l,ndy Merlin wbb even cordial. She lavished unstinted praise on the careful, unselfish, loving devotion of Miss Hamilton ; saw a marked and commendable change for the better in the general demeanour of her wayward and impetuous prot6g6; and so far unbent—to the complete surprise and pleasure of the household—aa to announce that she wou.d give a party at Merlin Court on tho following Monday evening. A party at Merlin Court had been unheard of for years. It was a condescension to the goddeea of frivolity, of whioh the rigid euEtera old lady had not been dreamed capablo. And as it was well within a week of the time when it had been rumored that the devout soul was dangerously ill, sundry people—particularly, perhaps, those not w* 11 acquainted with the eccentricities of p-cut— c.rne to the conclusion that the reported illness was after all only an old lady's fancied indisposition. Others, on receiving the unwonted invite, playfully suggested they were summoned to make merry o ver the vanquished enemy—gout. CHAPTER XII. BUU'll BHTUOTHii. The Maoris do not make long oourtship But the civilied Maori must needs bend to Mime extent to the ways of civilization. Safe it is to siy that nowhere, at no tiree, since the cobnizaticn of New Zealand in 1840, have two individuals, full-blooded Maoris, bed more thoroughly civilised, few more higily educated, few more carefully trained than Rama Tuena and Hori Totara. In ige and education they seemed eminently fired to make a match. And there were obers beside Bishop Gowan who hope to see ttem wedded. If the burden of the story to be told were the wooing of Rama by T(tara, the writer would dwell J hero at S rea * length ; yet this was not the AVArtfn! eventful nfll-trti porton rtf of tKai* their litafcnvvr history. iln Ou fKa the evening of Laly Merlin's party it became a matter of contBon observation that the youcg Maori clergyman was paying marked attention to Lidy Merlin's adopted daughter. On that eventful evening, too, the Bishop, who arrived late, and left early, took occasion to sjeak to his host about the matter, and vsh agreeably surprised, and pleased, to fijd Lady Merlin was of the same opinion w himself; declaring that it was the very thing; that suoh a match would be heaTen-made, and promising, so far from throwing any obstacle in t£ie way, to promote the affair. Matoh-makhg is generally a delightful feminine cccupition : it was a rathe- new novelty for tie mistress of Merlin Court, however. Everybody agreed that Rama was the life of the party. There were charades of her own devising; in one she converted Totara into the moit grotesque savage, fishing up in the Maoris' Island home; in another Hood's pathetic balad, • Mary's Ghost,' wag portrayed in anything but pathetic parts. And above and before all other matters for wonder was the faot that Lady Merlin laughed and applauded, when at any other time she might reasonably be counted on to condemn, fihe was young again, her guests deelared: aad such was the happiness of her mood tlat if the ball-room had been ready she would not have denied the troup of young people a dance. That was indeed suggested, bat they had to be satisfied with a promise that on some future occasion, when proviaon was made and they came prepared, th«r wishes would be gratified. Amongut thesongnters no one sang so often or so sweetly as Rama; while a duet by Totara and Kama won unbounded admiration. Maori legend was interspersed with the classical promotions of the age. And when the pleasant evening was over, the guests declared that for years they Lad entertained absolutely wrong impressions about the dignified matron of Merlin Court; that she had been wronged in being so generally regarded as an embodiment of hauteur and unbending formality. Totara wan for going "when the Bishop's party left, but this he was persuaded not to do: and before he left he had a pressing invitation to visit Merlin Court often, for the hostess wished to know better one who was so suitable a companion for Rama. And before a week more had elapsed, Hori Tota*a had asked, and had become, the aooepted suitor for the hand of Rama Tuena. People sajd that as Lady Merlin was rich and had neither child nor near relative, handsome 'dot' would go with the hand Lady Merlin's adopted daughter. Safe it to say that on no suchmeroenary fiction did the young clergyman oount. He saw in Rama a winsome and happy-dispositioned partner in life's journey ; and he was elad when he found that both his Bishop and the young lady's guardian united in their approval of his suit. At first Rama laughed at him and at the idea of becoming a clergyman's wife, a position she said she was sure she could never satisfsctorily fill; but finally sh said she would be Totara's wife—that on him would rest all the responsibility of the momentous undertaking. And thus it was in the oapaoity of Rama's fianci that Hori Totara was a regular visitor for several weeks to Merlin Court; and as his staid and sterling qualities became known to Lady Merlin, she was more and more convinced that she was doing the proper thing by Rama—to give her to him. His sedate, settled, honorable character seemed to supply precisely those restraining safeguards which the impulriveness of Rama's character rendered ueeirable in a life-partner * * * * It was a balmy summer evening when the two young people sat in the vineclad summer- house, ia the garden of the Court, that the compact which was to make them man and wife was sealed. Hori himeelf plaoed the ring on Rama's finger. Then she was a little afraid of the thing' that she had consented to. ' I am soarcely 19, Hori ; I am only a a girl!' she said. ' Many of our people marry at that age, as do our friends the Europeans.' 'But a minister's wife, Hori!—it eeenn bo olr&iigu.; . . . She should be t» solomn-minded person of great experience, and very, very good.' ' And you, dear, will be very, very good ?' ' Ofc, but 1 am not very, very good at all!' ' Then you must iatend to be that.' ' Will the intention suffice, Hori 1' 'Good intention, with honest endeavor, is all that the best of us oan claim.' ' Yes, but some people in their good intentions nuoceed tuuch better than I do, Hori. Do you forget that I ever raised in your mind a doubt as to whether I was really a Ciiiiotian'(' ' Only a passing doubt, Rtma. Of course yon arc a Cbristiai;, but at times a little inclined to trifle.' ' I my«elf am a trifle. I really wondsr— honestly wonder—that you should ever think of me as a wife, Hori.' 'Seriousness, and perhaps solemity, will come to you in years, Rtina. It is natural in one of your years to be as you are. It is also natural in me to seek a wife of my own p^-ple, I tbsuk O-od f-r you and yourlovo. Rwna. You realty do love me, little one ?'' ' Ob, yes ; Low else could I promise to ir.srry you ?' • The world—the people of the world—do find many and unwor'hy motives for mar- rihga. But with us there need be—there can be—but one pure motive.' • Certainly you are not rich, and I, Hori, am really poor. I have nothing to bring you.' ' Only your love, and that is all I ask or desire.' ' When do you go to take over your first charge P* ' Next week.' ' So soon P' ' I oannot endure to be long idle.' ' I shall miss you very much.' ' So muoh, I trust, that you will be anxious to join me very shortly.' Rama did not for a moment reply. Her lover held her hand, and literally pressed for a reply, it was a temporising evasion that he drew from his love : ' What kind of a place is Paeroa ?' ' Have you never visited the Upper Thames P" ' Never.' ' Then that is a treat in store. There are few rivers in the world so enchanting, I should think.* • But Paeroa—it's a dismal little place, isn't it?' ' My Rama really does not think there is any dismal place from one end of the native islands to the other! And if Paeroa was for ever under a cloud—if no bird sang—if no stream leaped out of mountain, over pineroot and boulder, to swell the torrent ot the Thames—if no flower bloomed upon its banks—if to pheasant or partridge sprang suddenly from coppice of fern—if no wildduck swam its thousand pools and lagoons— if no wood-pigeon ever rustled amongst the dense foliage of its glorious forests—yet if you, my Rama, were there in our little cot, to welcome my home-ooming, I would not think it dull or dismal.' ' That is quite a bit of Bubdued eloquence, Hori—unpremeditated, too, I am sure. I should like you to be really eloquent, Hori, the most eloquent preaoher ot all our people. 1 should like the world to ring with your fame—the fame of Totara, the Maori preacher!' ' Far better for me, for you, for all the world should just know me simply as the Maori who faithfully preached Christ and Him orucified. That is my mission; and woe betide me or any minister of the gospel who forgets his master iu thinking of the man.' ' Alas, Hori, but you are bo dreadfully in earnest?' ' I do not believe that very much good is done in the world—in the religious, the political, or any other sphere—without downright, wholesouled earnestness).' ' Tell me, Totara, do you love God with your whole heart P' ' Yes, that is my aim.' • Then what have you left to bestow upon poor little me ?' ' A slow smile came ere any words from Totara : ' Pardon me, little one, if I say it was by suoh cunning questions that the Pharisees sought to entrap Christ. If a man marry sevea times who will claim him for husband in the next world P We are not asked to trouble about suoh questions. But, tell me, do yon think if I love God more that I shall love you less P He has made it possible for us to adequately fill the first and great commandment and yet to love one another. You do not doubt that, Rama?' (To be continued.) 