( — Second Edition. Music and Drama. Mr. and. Mrs. Brotiijh mitl members of their clever company opened nt the Royal, Sydney, on April 2 with 44 Tho Happy Life," a picco already highly spoken of. Mendelssohn's oratorio was given in St. PuuI'h Cathedral on tho festival of tho patron Hfliht. Thero wero 250 choristers nnd 50 instrumentalist. . Mr. Samuel Johnson, for 20 years an esteemed member of Sir Hehry Irving's company, has just passed away. Ho waa G9 yours of ago. Born iu Ayrshire, ho wus the son of a well kuown actor und manager of a circuit of theutros in tlio west of Scotland. Among plays thut huvo quickly tmuoumbed is Mr. Znngwili'a drama, 41 Tho Children of tho Ghetto," whioh, after a week's run, was .withdrawn at the Adelphi Thciftre, London. Tlio company »iiiod for New York ut once, a circumstance whioh, it appears, provoked from tho author, who can bo witty even at his own oxponso, tho humorous comment, Small profits and quick retuVns." Mr. \V. S. Gilbert is said to bo n martinot at rehearsals, and it is a treat to sco liim in structing tho ballot how to execute tho steps of the dances. During the rehearsals of tho lust Gilbert and Sullivun production, one of tho principals who had not previously inet Mr. Gilbert in business remarked facetiously, 4 Why, Mr. Gilbert, I had no idea that you could dance " "No," returned the dramat ist, 44 1 am not often caught tripping." Countess Russell (says "Modern Sooiety" of February 17) is onco more comiug before tho public. Since licr famous lawsuit sho has acted iu 44 A Puntomimo Rehearsal." and ministered to tho suffering as a nurse. Now. after a brief provincial triul, she is to appear at sumo Loudon music halls. Ono of hor songs has bcon composed by her mother, Lady Scott, und a imtriotic one, dealing with our volunteers, has been set to music by herself. Mr. Haddon Chambers's attractive comedy, 44 The Tyranny ot Tears," moy be classed among tho successes of tho year. Its duction marks, ' moreover, an uudoiibtcd forward movement on the .part of tho author, who has gained greatly in simplicity alike of stylo and thought. At ono moment (says tho Leader) it almost appeared as if melodrama had marked Mr. Chambers for its own, but liis receut excursion into what, practically ! speaking, is to him a now region, clearly shows that his outlook upon lifo is less limited than was at first believed. Miss Ncllio Stewart has relinquished bor part In the Drury Luno pantomime, and Miss Violet Cameron is now impersonating the hero Jack." The London correspondent of tho Aiutrufaiian. writing on Fobruury 9, auys : Miss Stewart has had three operations performed on her throat, with admirable re sults, and she has made a finn recovery, but it was felt that, it would be uuwiso to resume work soon after so severe an illness, and the management reluctantly took her namo from tho bills, after' 'having kopt it there for weeks when she wits not appearing. Mrs. Castles, moth or of Miss Amy Castles, who has returned to Melbourne, snys that when sho left Paris her daughter was in the best of health und spirits, mid was mastering tlio French language. Miss Castles sung beforo Mudamo Marcbest and other musical experts, and they wero highly delighted with the range and capabilities of her voice. Madame Mnrchcsi described is as 44 magnifi cent and xwfect," aud predicts a great future for her pupil. It is expected that Miss Castles's studies will occupy between 10 months and two years. When Mrs. Castles left (adds the Melbourne Leader of March 31), her daughter had begun work. Thero was oi piquant incident at tho close of a matinee performance given in aid of tho Yeomnury Equipment Fund at tho Lyric Theatre, Bath, on February 2. Mrs. Brown- Porter, after mating 44 '.'ho Absent-minded Beggar," xmt up to unction a tambourine with which sho had assisted in collecting for the fund during the performance. Tho bid ding for it having stopped at seventeen guiueus, Mrs. Brown-Potter announced thut sho would kiss the buyer if the price reached twonty guineas. The offer wus immediately availed of by Mr. Dhuujibhoy Bomaiiiji, a Parseo merchant Ho briskly stepped upon tho stage, und Airs. Brown-Potter, says our correspondent, 44 inoro than fulfilled her con tract." Last year (says tho Australasian) the London stago was fairly prolifid in disap pointments. Among these figure Mr. Henry Arthur Jones's 44Uarnac Sahib," Air. Hall Camc's "The Christian," Mr. 0. B. Fer- nuld's adaptation of 44 Tho Ghetto," Air. I. ZuugwiU's drama 44 Tho Children of the Ghetto," 44 Tho Black Tulip," 44 Man and His Makers," by Air. Wilson Burrctt and Mr. Louis N. Parker, "'Change Alloy'; 44 A Repentance," by Airs. Craigie— which, unfortunately, failed to fulfil the nromi.se con tained in her earlier piece, 44 Tho Ambas sador"— and Mrs. Burnett Hodgson and Mr. Stephen Townshend'a 44 A Lady of Quality." Miss Gertrude Warden, tho popular actress and novelist, it is said b:i6es tho plots of her books on real incidents, the principal persons being living beings. The chief villain of a novel sho is writing for a weekly paper sho met at a continental watering place. The story itself, which is entitled 44 A Syndi cate of Sinners," is based on facts, the hope less ruin caused by a very noxious drug, tho use of which is much resorted to by ladies in society, being vonohed for by a medical specialist. Alias Warden makes a rule never to write about a place which sbo has not socn with hor own eyes. At 16 sho was n governess ; sho has acted alt over the world, und living iu hotels and on board hip has been able to study almost every sort of huraau type. Mr. Kyrle Bellow lauded iu Sydnw from tho India (says the Sydney Mail of Alurch 24), after a necessary tedious detentiou in quaran tine. The star actor, who came out here in search of health, found it on the voyage. Air. Bollew's presence hero is indirectly uuo to an attack or inflenza whilst ho was appear ing as Olivier in 4 4. Robespierre," at the Lycoum Theatre. Tho coldness aud uncer tainty of the climate prevented him from throwing off tho complaint by suoh heroic remedies us summer boating on the Thames. In tho early winter a visit to tho Comedy Tlioatrc, whero a wind that cut like n knife circulated tho stalls, caused a relapse, from which tlio suffcror nonrly died. Incidentally it formed a sufficient excuse for Mr. Bellow's refusal to fiigu u 21 years' lease of tho Adelphi Tlioatrc— a fortunate circumstance in view of ; thotorriblo theatrical 4 4 slump" which linn followed tho war. Air. Alfred Hill's now opera, 4 4Lady Dolly," to bo produced for tho first timo upon uny stage on March 31 ut the Puluco Theatre, is the second of threo composed by bim (says tho S.$f. Seratd), As is generally known, the rights of his Maori opera, 44 Hinemon," have been purchased by Mr. J. C. Williamson. Tho libretto of 44 Lady Dolly," which is by Mrs. Alarjorio Browne, will probably place tho work in tho romantic category. There is a bright American girl engaged to an Eng lish duke, stress is laid upon a ghost legend which greatly alarms tho duko's sister (Lady Dolly), axu\ thero is a love intrigue, in which the sinister influence of a Spanish mesmerist \--whom wo shall expect to see in oloafe of inkv blackuess and a nuge sombrero — makes itsolf felt. The llbrotto was written for Mr. Hill about two years ago, and ho composed the musio in one month. Tho biggest thoatre in Japan will hold 3,000 pcopm. It is quite different from our theatres. It has no ohaiis, and tho people sit on the floor in littlo sqnuro pens about 4 feet wide, Thero is usually n littlo box of oharco&l; in the middle of each pen for the light ing of their pipes, for smoking is allowed. Thero nro an immense pit and two galleries, und tho walls in tho summer are open, and it is moro like an open-air concert hull than a theatre. The stage is mado in the shape of an immense wheel, which is turned by man power atthnchangeof the scenes, ind wnioli moves ono sot of actors behind tho scenes and brings another before you. Often some of tho actors will walk among tho audience und play their parts there. Tho Jupaneso appreciate good acting. A strong pieoe of tragio acting will cnuso tho people to tear off parts of their clothing und throw them on to tho stage, expecting to redeem them with presents of money at tho end of the play. There uro uo ticket offices, nil tickets being sold at the tea houses near. The shoes aro all left outsido in the ball, and many of tho audience havo their raoalB sent in, for often the company will play from 10 o'olook in the morning till 10 at night. 