REVIEWS. In a day like the present, when so many folk are troubled with nerves, a book like that just published by James Bowden, of Covent Garden, has a distinct, mission to the world. It is issued in cheap eighteen penny form, which places it within everyone's reach, and is, nevertheless, by such a high authority on such matters as Dr. Andrew Wilson. It is not dry-as-dust reading, however, but bright description and useful advice on such subjects as bash fulness, blushing, ghost-seeing, will-power, Mesmerism, with general instructions on diet in all cases of nerve trouble, and hints About when to work and when to rest of a thoroughly practical type. Some exceptionally valuable counsel is added on the subject of sleep, with for nine how to induce it in stubborn cases of insomnia. I' Brain and Body," as Dr. Wilson's book is styled, should prove a useful handbook in many homes. "The Studio for April contains papers, long and short on the work of several present-day artists, Mrs. Adrian Stokes, who is specially honoured in this fashion, being also represented by reproductions in black and white of eight of lief works, and a full page copy in colours of her line painting " Honesty." A paper, by Gabriel Mourey, on the iii eat draughtsman, -FaulRcnourd, isembd s red with a striking portrait sketch of Kenouard in crayon study at work at his easel. A notable article is that containing suggestions to the improvement of sporting cups and trophies in the artistic sense. " Studio talk " is as varied as ever, and more than usually well- furnished in point of illustration. Altogether, the April number is a splendid one. The "Pall Mall Magazine " is essentially a " thing of beauty" and the May number is no exception to the general rule, with its copious illustrations of all kinds. Amongst the papers of more than usual interest must be mentioned that on the " Arts and Crafts of the Sixteenth Century," by Mr. 'W^A.' Baillie-Grabaiu, with illustrations from old prints, which has a fund of facts about the rise of many of the industries which now constitute in a great measure the wealth of the nation. There is useful information in Lord Ernest Hamilton's article on "The Passage to the Great North-West," illustrated From photographs, and there is plenty of fiction, as well as literary matter, poetry, etc., of a general kind. " Influenza," or La Grippe, as some call it, seems to have had a notably tragic in. france on the health of Boston citizens, which accounts for along and useful article on its cure and treatment in Health Culture," the American magazine of which Dr. Watson is editor (50.1 Fifth in ernie, New York). Other subjects dealt with at length are sleep, hygiene, spring fever, and infant feeding, while there is a heap of smaller writing about ?-.iiMUlioniuiil other general health topics. Mdlle 'Trebelli, whose concerts gave such delight to musical folk in this colony not so very long ago, has formed a collection of splendid proaiainnie- of concerts which she has been giving in San Francisco They are splendid not, only in the fine collection of music presented to her audiences by the great singer, but also in the style they are produced by the artist in printing on trusted with them, and are surmounted by a portrait of M'elle herself, which would give , them additional interest and enhance their I s value OF permanent mementoes of delighted '-' ''('''^WLJ^^1^ eveningS In her company. 