DARLING TON l'OINT. PUOSl'KOTS OK TUB SKaSON. Your correspondent has just visited tho homesteads of Korarbnry and Tubbo. and noted (lie marvellous effects produced by tho recent rains. With (ho oxceptlno of tho windswept, trctlcas plain*, ftom which both aoU and fleod have been clearly blowa away, tho general aspect of the country is one of vcr<1uro and fcriiliiy, I lib like of which has not been seen for years- Ou tho river frontages of Keracbury aud in the upper and lower horsc-puddockH of Tubbo, tho barley-grass, for »vhioh Kivcrina is so ootedi is iu profuse abundance, nod tho BpectauuUr effect recalls the best traditions of tho Murrumbidgee. In the timbered, ringbarked country, on all sandy soils, and over the picturesque pine-clad sloprs, tho growth o( herbage, principally crowfoot;, is simply tremendous, and the return ing flocks and herds will hardly know tho counlry which they Jeft. KAHTKIt HKIIVIO^S. In spite of tho r^in of tho previous night, tho bad state of the roads and the July .:temporature ' of Sunday morning last,, a fairly rrprcsentutivo congregation assembled at the l'oiot Presbyterian Church to hail -onco- moio tho return of Ka»ler-tide. .Mr. H. K« OUssick, a ntudcnt of St. Andrews, and locum tetieus fur the Rev. I). M'ltay Barnot, B.A., otijoialod on theoccasiqn, and his disoourso, bearlog upon tho day, wvs at oncc simple, scholarly and aoacon bio, Mtu Alice Lander, of " Ringwood," piciidcd at tho organ, and gave a charming accompani ment to tho sorvico of aong. IfYSTKIUOUS Mll>.v/01IT HAPMNU. This ia no ghost atory, for no npparition id in cvidouce ; only a very audiblo rat* tap aa of Edgur Alien Poe'a immortal raven. lite disturl'anco, however, hue boon located ia iho old primitive atoro of tho Mission, wheto, as tumour has it, a anmo' what Hidden death took ptace a littlo while itgo. Tho manager, and others with him, have tried to eulvo the myBtcry ; havo, in fitc, spool night after night, in tho elucida* lion of tho matter, and have boon re warded by the discovory that with tho striking of a light tho disturbance eeaaea, to bo resumed at onue when tho light guea out. This evidently points to a human operator in fear ot being caught. Tho darkles, however, t»ro not in tho triok, for iheyaio too timid and superstitious; can* not bo prevailed upon oven by tip to ontar the old place at night, and, indeed, relegate the whole affair to what they call Buggeen* i.o., tho ugoncy of tho Debbil-Debbil. IMPROVED ASPECT OF TUB l'OIST CEMKTEBY, It is always reassuring, and not a littlo surprising to find a rustic " God'a aoro " in decent trim; and your reporter ia glad to announco an approach to the decorous in the local campo samo. Certain headatones which wore out of porpondioular are now quite plumb, a clearing of fallon branohoa has been effected, tho uukempt aavago look of three montha ago has given place to a hint of cosmos. Still much remains to bo done ore tho little apot which should bo sacred kept and tended with roverent hands is a thiDg of beauty aod joy for ever." It ia generally understood that tho Govern ment would assist in tho matter, and that a sum of £70 had been actually promised for oho purpose, that our energetic neighbour, Mr. William Ross, J. P., of Uri Park, had tho matter in hand; but, somehow or other, tho good intentions of all parties concerned havo gono to juio thoso other good inteo* tions which oro said to pave tho way to a certain placo which ehall bo nameless. 