The Breelong: Blacks. CHANCES OF CAPTUKE MISSED. NUNDLE, "Wednesday. - The Governc hailed up and had dinner with a nu named Woodley to-day, ll miles fro Nundle. A search party arrived on tl scene. The blacks fired twice at a mt named James Hoy man, without effet The othor members of the search part all local residents, although well anne did not fire, und the blacks, throwir ?down everything but their firearms ar ammunition, succeeded in escaping. Thursday afternoon.- After leavin .Swain's place, which they robbed on Moi .day night, the outlaws apparently move leisurely during Tuesday, and at 12.30 o Wednesday came to the oamp of tw fencers named W. Woodley and R. Lon ..situated among tho-ranges, about l-l mile . from Nundle, above Crawney Pass. Th .fencers woro having dinner at the tim< . and saw the blacks coming. When withi .50 yards they called upon the fencers t .surrender, to throw up their hands, and t leave tho fire. Tho fencers obeyed. Th outlaws then carno to the firo, and discov ering no firearms, told tho fencers ti return. Lord then invited tho outla\vs b have dinner, the invitation being aooepted In conversation tho blacks said they woulc not shoot anybody othor than those carry ing firearms, but would shoot anybody they believed to be in pursuit of them During tho progress of the dinner Lore heard horsemen coming up tho mountain Tho murderers did not hoar their approacli until they were within about 40 yards, Jimmy Governor, on hoaring them, sprang up. crying " Holy Ghost 1" seized his rifle, ¡and sprang behind a tree, followed by Joe. The blajks then firod upon tho advancing whites, fivo in number, including J. Hey -.man, W. Devine, J. Schofiold, and A. Robson, all civilians. These mrm wore not aware of tho présenos of the blacks until hearing shots fired, when thoy all jumped from thoir horses and prepared to . return tho fire, all being armed with riflos. However, as soon as tho outlaws had .delivered their first volley from behind a large tree, they bounded oif down tho hill in tho opposite direction, leaving all thoir iprovÍBÍons, quart pots, coats, blankets, and everything thoy possessed, excepting the riflos and ammunition. As they dis appeared past tho fencers, they called ont to thom, " You ¿an have all wo aro leav ing behind ; good-bye." They then bound ed down tho sido of tho hill, tho fencers say, Uko wallubios, striding 15ft to 18ft. per stride. In tho meantime tho surprised civilians wore waiting for tho outlaws to show out, and wore not nwo.ro of thoir flight till the fencers informed thom. They then fired several shots, but could get no roply from the' other pursuers, nono of whom were within two miles. They then ?went baok down hill, and fired soveral othor .shots, and within half an hour tho Queens land talkers came up, and wore taken to ..tho fencers' comp. They took up tho -traoks, which followed down ono spur about a milo, and thon doubled baok wi.thtn 200 hundred yards of the foucors' camp on au otherspur, where tho Governors had evident ly watched tho police and trackers go down tho hill, and thon mado off in nnother direction. On Wednesday morning tho pursuers came on the camp of tho fugitives whore they had shot a sheep, part of whioh they had cooked aud eaten. On Wednes day night the outlaws had drawn closer to Nundle, and at 10 p.m. carno to Mr. Flood's, at Wombramurra Woolshed, where they wore fired at by Flood, but without offoet. Tho outlaws then decamped. This morning the tracks woro takon up and followed, still towards Nuudlo and Wom bramurra Woolshed, fivo miles from Nun dle. Two children aro said to have seen the blacks, who passed olose to thom this morning, near Dyson's, only four miles from Nundle. Tho children say thoy heard tho blacks say that thoy would wait till all the police loft tho locality and then rob Dyson's. This statomont is discredit ed, though it may be possiblo. Superintendent Garvin, has takon up bis headquarters at Bathurst while tho Breelong blacks are in the district. He wired to the Inspeotor-General of Police on Thursday aftornoon : The Governors wera firod on at 10 o'clock on Wednesday night by two civilians at Wombramurra woolshed, six miles from Nundle, which thoy wore guarding. Police watching another place, hearing tho shots, wont across. Offonders, had gone down crook. Sub-inspootor Saunders and others wont to tho place immediately. Tho Queens land traokers, who woro closo by, wore informed, and put on tracks this morning. Nundle, Thursday Night.-Tho black out-laws stuok-up and robbed the camp of a ringbarkor named Woher at sundown to-night, only two miles from Nundle. Weber watched tho outlaws' when they loft, and saw them enter M'Goy's house, scarcely two miles from the Nundle. Post Offioo. Large bodies of police, and civilians, have gone out to-night. The murderers are supposed to bo hemmed in by nearly 400 armed mon, comprising police and oivilians. M'Coy's houso is in the open, and there is no sorub within several, hundred yards of the houso. In tenso excitoment prevails hore. Friday.-It appears that whon tho man Weber was stuck up by tho Broelong blacks yesterday aftornoon, ho was shifting camp. Ho was walking about 300 yards behind n cart which convoyed provisions, otc, and which waß accompanied by several men. Tho blacks wore evidently afraid to tackle these mon, but thoy covered Wobor with their riflos, calling on him to surrender.. Weber had no monoy, but the outlaws took Iiis pipo and. tobacco and made off. Wobor says ho saw them enter a deserted hut, and^itfiiB^eyidont that they remained there some , time,- dur ing whioh timo several parties of police and civilians passed unaware of tho pro ximity of the outlaws, who about dark: wont to M'Coy's selection, scarcely two miles from Nundle. With an axe they broke open tho window and entered tho house, but luckily got no provisions excepting sugar and a small picco of euko. Tho outlaws must Itavo beou in that vicinity fully two hours, and tho locatity being quito opon country, it scorns mar vellous that thoir capturo was not effected. A.bout twenty police and pursuers were ia Ñutidlo during this limo. Tho official report that all outlying houses in this dis trict aro woll guarded is proving to bo iu jorroot, and is causing grout indignation, ft is ovidont that M'Ooy's houso was not guarded, though M'Coy, it is said, sxprossod a wish that it should ho. Tho Dutlaws evidently know tho unguarded condition of M'Ooy's placo, which WOK situated in tho main road. It may pos libly havo boon thought that tho blacks ¡vonld not vonturo no noar town, but past sxporioncos should touch that they will ..enturo anywhere. Thus another chance )f capture was lost, and luck is still on lio sido of tho fugitivos. It sooms :hnt, tho niolhod of tho pursuers lucks .act and forethought. Whoa nows of a .obbory loss than two milos out arrived ast night at 8 o'clock, about 20 horsemen jallopod lo tho scone, instead of procood ng qniotly on foot, in lois of threo or 'our, and scouring tho country on ronlo. Thoir notion naturally acquainted tho jovornors of thoir movements, thu« ilfording thom ovory facility lo ovado tho iuiwioi'8. Tho murderers will novor bo jaught till moro sonsiblo and pr.iotio.il inoasuros aro adopted in tho way ol' out> maiKiüivring thoso very stratégie blacks. Oonstublo Monury and a civilian named Lawlor, accompanied hy Mr. M'ISwuii, with a callie dog look up tho trail last night from M'Ooy's. Tho dog tracked qiloiididly, following the trail upa gully, and thou up tho spur ol' tho mountain, afterwards doubling round lo noar tho saino spot, again striking tho trail south ward towards tho rnngo whoro tho blanks havo hoon biddon for tho lust fow days. Tho dog carno lo a fonoo, t-.iruod east wards ulong tiio lonco, mid thou again struok south after about half a milo. About a quarter of a milo front Ibo fence tho dog cuino to a number of logs, and Ihorosooinod to IOHO tho scout. 1 lo was talton back several limos lo tho fonoo at tho point loft, and ovory limo ro tumod to tho sumo logs, but thoro was balllod, and ran round in circles. Though fully two hours woronpont in Um endeavour to talco up tho trail tho dog appeared unable to got past tho logs. Tho pursuers «luto» that thoy searched every troo in tho looality without HUCCOSH. Thoy '"woro ovonlually forced to givo up tho pursuit, and returned to town. Tho trail pursued by tho dog will bo'oxuminod to-day. Tho outlaws ara still, so far as known, without food since midday on Wednesday, and il, in thought they 'must go lo Borno hut to-day. ].lalor. -This morning, at IO o'clock, two mon named W. Condon and üoorgt» Chapman, saw tho outlaws half a milo from tho Nuudlo sido of Hie Hanging; Mock, four milos from Nundle. Chapman, and Condon hud loft thoir rillos against nv Iroe, and woro standing thirty yards away, whon t.hoy saw tho (Jovornors coining over tho ridge towards them. Thoy immotlmloly hid behind a log, and the blacks passed within a fow yards, but did not seo thom, and disappeared over tho ridge.' Hud tho pursuers hud thoir rides thoy could easily havo shot tho murderers, it in feared now thal tho murdorors will escape to thu impenetrable scrub in tho mouuluiriH boyond Callaghan's Swamp. Tho largest bodioH of pursuers aro now around boro. Tho Governors loft tho following message last night, addressed to their pursuers: " You asses go homo." M AltltUdlt OK 1'OIIHIIINKIW.-Tim KUKIJHII Lum ./minuit points ont; that it swum utmost iinpossfhlu to multo Knglish WOIIIUU utidorstuiul. Unit it is not. suiV Ixi murry oven II distliiguishol foreigner without making proper influirles, unit taking legal advice, iiml Unit tho danger \n greatest with Frenchmen. A murringo with it, foreigner in Kiiglnnd is vulid hero il' celebrated in accordance with our l/iw, luit, it ought hy thin time to bo well known Unit the murringo will not bo recognised in Franca UIIICHH thu hilsbmuL hus com plica with nil tho fortuull tii-n required by lils ptirsoiuil luw. 'i'lio result of lim fnvhicihl» und iusuliir ignorance of tho Kugllsli ts time fur too runny ICugllsh women lind themselves tu tim equivocal position ol' being wives in their own. country, hut not in tlmt of their hiishiinds. Bini's IN Coi.ustoN WITH WIIAI.KS.-Mitny nro tho instances ot ships coming into collision with whales, ll.M.S. Immortalité, steaming Iii knot", between Arowt May mid G ihr» I ta ri wai» suiUlonly stoppt«! by collision with u large whale. Her sharp steel stem went well Into tho ceta cean's body and tho warship hail to go astern in order tb «ot rid of the bloody muss The Anchor liner Ethiopia, Captain Wil-uti, collided with a wlinJo when 800 miles from .Sandy (look-. Both thc muster ii nd tho second ollicer happened to bo on the bridge at the time. As the strumer was going ICI knots tho whale was observed to rise right uhead. Ho hesitated a moment mid was lost, in agreement wltii the old adage. Tho Ethiopia iippejitixl to go clean through him in thu twinkle of au oyo, leaving tile lifeless mass astern, and the wuku n vivid crimson colour us far as tho eye could reach. A panic scorned liu ininentninoiig the passengers, hut wiw avoideil by th« readiness of rcsoiirco displayed by those in authority. ' Tho' Petersburg, ono of thu Russian volunteer fleet, hud ustiii moro remark able tussle with whales near Minlcoy, sho wit« almost slopped dead by collision with something, just where least expected : lint the cunno was soon reveiihid. The sea astern wtu* red with tho life-blood of two cetaceans, both of which wer» in sight. Ono had boen out open by thou Ivauc ing stem, tlie other cniHln-d by th» retreiitniic jiro[«;ller. In Huptemlwr, the White Star liner Germanic, Captain Cameron, in '17- N. W., cut down a whale which was evidently asleep un the snrfneo nt tito time. Tho whaler Active, in .liinniiry. lHDiJ. while steaming ?lowly in «(. H. Mi- W., struck with hor stem, tho broadside of a'.limier" whale, and turned th« unhnnl completely over. Six months Inter. bound from Dundee to Now York, the steamer Abana collided with a wintle which attempted to ero»s lier leiws and miscalculated the ins tance. Neither the steamer nor the cetacean received damage worth mentioning, although the shock rather startled tho crew ot tho former. In July, IH1I7. tho Aberdeen White Star Huer Themiofiylie, Captain Hiriipaori, ran inte» « whnlo when off Hmm Cujst, arni evidently indicted serious injury upon it, us the water all round was soon tinged with blood. Samples.-aiovos, Corsets, Hosiery, Para chute*!, ul J ted V¡n¡¡ Stores. 