' NOVEL. CAPTAIN CLOSE. By CAPTAIN CHARLES KING. CHAPTEE VII.— (Continued). This did not prohibit the men from buy ing what tie Walton servants offered for sale outside the fence, and if they were so straitened in circumstan ;es they might be glad to find a market for their surplus produce even among the Yankee invaders, provided Madam Walton were kept in ignorance of the traffic. She was uncom promising. No intercourse with, no re cognition of, the barbarians, was her rule to kith and kin, and the few nogroe3 who still hung about the crumbling old place repeated her words with the rear born ot long-continued discipline under her roof and rod in the days of their enforced and unquestioning servitude. These and other items of information as to his surroundings the young lieutenant had obtained from Sergeant Burns in the course of their evening watch together. He had no other means of studying the situation, and was but one of the many new and comparatively inexperienced officers thrown upon their own resources at isolated posts among the States lately in rebellion.' Not yet twenty-four hours on duty with his company, he had been ordered to proceed with an armed force to the succour of officers of law supposably besieged by a rebellious mob, and now, at midnight, in the heart of a strange country and far from the heart of its people he was commanding officer of his company and camp, without definite in structions of any kind and only hi3 native common Eense to guide him. Lambert has since told two women — his wife and his mother — how his thoughts wandered back to tho peaceful old home stead in the far Northland, and the teach ings of his boyhood days. He made a sturdy fight against the feeling of loneli ness that oppressed him. He wished the wind did not blow so sulkily, in such spiteful, vicious puffs. It seemed as though nature had combined with old Lady Walton to give him ungracious wel come to this particularly shady side of the sunny South. The wind itsoif was whis pering sarcastic and withering remarks to him, like those the sergeant repeated as coming from Madam Walton to the de fenceless captain ; and even B time's sense of subordination could not down his im pulse to chuckle over some of them. What would Lambert do or say if the prim and starchy dame were to call upon him, as she occasionally had on his superior, driving him at last to tho refuge of the iietliermost depths of his tent, Whence, as Burns declared, ' the captain couldn't be induced to come out till the old lady was back inside her own door ' ? The last time he 'tied up Eiggs' — a punishment much resorted to in the rough war days and those that closely followed them, especially by those officers who were themselves graduated frcm tho ranks or the volunteers— it was for trespass on the Walton place. Tho fellow had climbed the fence and was pilfering among the old fruit trees when caught by Madam Walton. That was' bad enough, but he had been impudent to her, which was worse. The men themselves would probably have ducked him in tho stream — the oli, self-respecting soldiers, that is — had the captain not ordered his sum mary punishment. Lambert was wonder ing what steps he should take in the interests of discipline, when he finally blew out his candle, determined, if a pos sible thing to get to sleep. It was j ust a quarter-past twelve when he wound his watch and stowed it under his rude pil low. His revolver, the day's purchase, lay, with some matches, close at hand. He had even placed his sword and belt at the foot of his cot. The last thin? he thought of before closing his eyes was that he would have to get a lantern on the morrow, even if he bought it of Cohen ; but it was also the last thing he thought o.' when the morrow came. Was it the wind again, whispering ugly t things, or the ghost of Lady Walton, with her acidulated tongue, that roused him, he knew not how many minutes — or hours \- later ? Something was whispering, surely The wind had been doing a good deal of that sort of thing all the night long among the leaves, a good deal of snarling and growling at times, and there was muttered snarling going on around him now. That might be the wind ; but the wind would not trip up over a tent rope and say such blasphemous things about it, ovun if it did nearly pull the flimsy structure down. In an instant Lambert was wide awake. ' Who's there ?' he challenged, sternly. No answer, — not in words, at least, — but there was sound as of stealthy yet hurried movement, more straining at the ropos on tho side noarest the captain's tent, and heavy, startled breathing. ' Who's there ?' he repeated, reaching for hia revolver. ' Answer, or I fire.' Then came a mighty strain, a jerk, a stumble and plunge, the sound as of a heavy fall, followed by instant scramble and a ru3h of footfalls around tho rear of camp. Lambert was out of bed and into i his boots in half a minute ; but in his haste ho upset tho chair on which la} the mutches, and the box wont rolling to tho floor. Pistol in hand, ho darted out into the night, and found it black as Erebus. Quickly he ran to the first sergeant's tent, J but Burns was hard to waken after the j long day's work. Once roused, however, j he was soon out, lantern in hand, while : Lunbart hastily dressed, and then to- ' gether they scouted camp. A glance at their tent showed that Eiggs and Murphy were still absent. A peep at the watch showed that it was almost two o'clock ; a search around Lambert's tent revealed nothing beyond the fact that the corner peg to which the tent-fly was guyed was torn from the ground, and the soft, sandy soil showed that heavy boot-heels had made their imprint. Then Burns, still lantern-bearing, went crouching low around the back of Close's tent, while Lambert, with straining ears, stood stock still an instant in front, then, of a sudden, tore liko mad through the rousing camp, put past the dim white canvas of the waggons, out past the startled sentry, up the steep pathway to the hard red road beyond, down which he ran on the wings of the wind till he reached the gateway to the forbidden ground, for a woman's agonised shriek had rung out upon the night, and tho sound of blows, of crashing glass, of fierce and desperate struggle, -of muttered oaths, of panting, pleading, half-stifled cries, of wild dismay and re newed screams for help, all came crowd ing on the oar from the heart of tho Walton placo. CHAPTEE VIII. As he rushed around the Southern side of the old house, — the side whence all this uproar proceeded, — Lambert came sud denly upon two dim, swaying figures. The one nearest him — that of a man — was clutching, throttling, apparently, a slighter form in white, a woman. Tho butt of his revolver straightened out tho dark figure with one crack, and then for a moment everything was darkness and confusion. A lamp, held by some scream ing female at a neighbouring window, was dropped with a crash. The screams sub sided to scurry and chatter and Ethiopian protestations and furious demands : ' You Elinor ! you black nigguh ! — you let me oat this room instantly !' The rush of footsteps to the window again, a.nd tragic appeals : ' Mamma — ma-am- ma ! Whut's happened ? Do answer ! Do make Elinor let me to you, or Ah'll jump out this window. Ah'in coming now.' And in deed a dim, slender form could just be descricd, arrayed in white, bending low from the casement, when Burns with his lantern came tearing round the corner. Then a majestic voice, imperious even though well-nigh breathless, was heard : ' Katherine, return to your bed instantly. Do you hear ? Instantly ! And send Elinor to me.' That Katherine shot back within the sheltering blinds was possibly duo not so much to the impetus given her by those imperative orders as to that imparted by the sight of a pair of shoulder-straps and tho face of the young officer gazing in be wilderment about him. Well might he look amazed ! At his feet on the pathway Private Eiggs was sprawling, still half stunned by the blow he had received. On his back, amidst the wreck of a glass hot bed, Private Murphy was clutching at empty air and calling on all the saints in the Hibernian calendar to rescue him from the hands of that old beldam. On the pathway, in a loose wrapper, her bosom heaving with mingled wrath and exhaustion, one hand firmly clutching a stout cane, the other clasping together at her white neck the shreds of her torn and dishevelled garb, her dark eyes flashing fire, her lips quivering, stood a woman certainly not fifty years of age, despita the silver in the beautiful hair streaming down upon her shoulders, and tho deep lines of griof and care in her clear-cut and thoroughbred face. She leaned heavily on the stick an instant, but raised it threateningly as the luckless Murphy strove to sit up and staunch tho blood trickling from his lacerated hands and face. ' Don't you dare to move, suh,' she panted, 'unless ? ' And the uplifted came supplied, most suggestively, the ellipsis. , Oh, fur the luv o' God, ma-am, don't hit me ag'in ! Sure I'd niver prezhoome, ma'am ? ' ' Shut up, Murphy !' growled Burns. ' It's easy to see what brought you here. — Shall I let Eiggs up, lieutenant ? He's bleeding a good deal.' But Eiggs didn't want to get up. He flopped helplessly back upon the grass plot. Burns bent over and held his lan tern close. 'The man's drunk, sir,' he s lid, — ' and cut.' ' I did that, I presume,' said Lambert, still a little out of breath after the dash to the rescue. 'I found him daring to liy hands on this lady. — Madam, I sin cerely hope you are not injured. It is im possible for me to say how I deplore this outrage. The3e men shall suffer for it, I assure you.' With rapid step the corporal of the guard, bringing with him a couplo of men and another lantern, came hurriedly to tho scene and stood silent and alert, glancing eagerly from face to face. Two or three frightened negroes had crept around the rear portico and hung trem bling behind their mistress. With a shawl thrown over her head and shoul ders, a quadroon girl halted half-way down tho steps from the side door, her eyes dilated, and her lips twitching in terror, until a low voice from within bade her go on, and a tall, dark-haired, pale fac?d girl in long, loose wrapper fairly pushed her forward and then s'epped quickly to the elder woman's side. ' ' Go back to the houso at once, my child. This is no place for you. Go to Katherine and tell her I say she must noil leave her bed. Go !' And silently as she came, but with infinite and evident re luctance, the tall girl turned, and obeyed. Mrs. Walton had spoken slowly and with effort. Of Mr. Lambert and his party she had as yet taken no notice whatever. Again Murphy began to squirm in his un comfortable couch of mingled mud and broken glass and head- lettuce, and the crackling accompaniment to his moaning once more made him the object of the lady's attention.' ' Lie still, suh,' she said, low and sternly. 'You have broken moh glass now, suh, than youli captain can replace. Lie still whuh you are until my suhvants lift you out.— -Henry !' she called. ' Ye- assum,' was the answer, as one of the negroes came roluctantly forward, humbly twirling a battered hat in his hands. ' Go fetch your barrow.' ' Indeed, Mrs. Walton,' interposed Lam bert, « you need not trouble yourself. The guard shall carry these two scoundrels to camp, and prison life at Ship Island, or Tortugas, will put a stop to their prowl ing. It is on your account I am dis tressed. We have no surgeon at hand; I will send at once for the doctor in town-—* She raised a slender white hand, re linguishing her grasp upon the cane, which now went clattering upon the gravel of the walk. It was a sign to check him, and respectfully ho broke off in his hurried words. Then again she turned to the negro, who stood with twitching face, irresolute, beside her. ' Did you hear me, Henry ? Go.' Again Eiggs began to groan and stretch forth feeble hands. Burns looked ap pealingly to his young officer, then as appealingly to the lady. Clearly, she was the mistress of the situation. Lambert had quickly stooped and picked up the cane, but she did not see, apparently, that he wished to restore it to her. In the light of the lanterns the mark of Eigg's clutch was plainly visible at her white and rounded throat. ' Two of you lift this fellow,' said Burns to the corporal; and between them Eiggs was heaved to his sprawling feet. 'Get. him ov(?r to camp now and bathe his head. Put a bayonet through him if he tries to bolt. I'll be there presently.' And of Eiggs, her assailant, and of I Eigg's removal under guard, the lady of the Walton homestead took no note what ever. Eebuffed, yet sympathetic, Lambert again essayed to speak, but the rattle of the barrow was heard, and Henry once more loomed up within the zone of lan tern light. ' Lift that — puhson— out,' she said. And when Burns would have lent a helping hand, she interposed : ' No, I beg you. My suhvants will attend to this.- And neither Lambert nor his sergeant made further effort. Murphy, lifted from the wreck of the ruined hot-bed, abject and crestfallen, scratched and bruised and bleeding, yet neither so deadened by drink nor so stunned by the rain of blows which he had suffered as not to appreciate the humiliation of his position, was squatted, in the barrow. At an imperious gesture from Madam Walton, Henry started to wheel him away, the corporal of the guard in close attendance. And then, with calm dignity and re covered breath, the lady turned to the boy officer : v I have not thanked you yet --- ? ' ' Oh, Mrs. Walton, I beg you not to- speak of thanks. If you knew how — how ashamed I am, and my regiment will be -? that any of our men could have dared ? The very intensity of the young fellow's indignation choked him, and gave her the floor. ' Once before this they came, and then I warned. This time, having no men to call upon ' (negroes, it seems, could not be counted as such), 'I was compelled, my self, to chastise. May I ask the safe re turn of our barrow, — it is the only vehicle the war has left us, — and that we may be permitted to retire ?' And sho swept a stately courtesy. 'But, madam ? ' began Lambert, ut terly chagrined at the attitude of cold and determined avoidance in which she persisted, ' you have been brutally handled ; I insist on sending for our con tract doctor : it is the best wo can offer to-night ? ' 'Neither to-night, nor at any other time, would his suhvices be acceptable,, suh. I need no doctoh. Wo learned — we^ had to learn — how to do without luxuries of every kind during the war; and Dr. Hand — I think that is the name of the physician you reler to — would be too much of a luxury at any time. I regret that your men should need hi3 suhvicc-s, but they brought it on themselves.' 'They will need Litn more before the captain gets through with 'em, ma'am,* ' said Sorgeant Burns, seeing that his young j superior was at a loss what to say. As he j spoke, tho tall, dark-haired girl once more i appeared, and swiftly, noiselessly stepped I to her mother's side. ' There'd be no need of a court- martial or of your having to testify, if Captai 1 CI- se could settle this — or let us do it.' ' 'Mother, come in, — please do, — aid let these gentlemen go,' said the girl. ' In— ! deed, we are very m ich obliged to you,* ' she continued, addressing Lambert, ' for coming so quickly,' '- (To be continued.) 