WIZARD OF WHITE CLIFFS. fl WEIRD STORY OF THE DISCOVERY OF THE AUSTRALIAN ©PAL FIELDS. AN AUSTRALIAN NOVEL. !> "PART VIII. BY CAPTAIN LACIE. . It WJÙ not long after the arrival of {the part; from Dolan Station that I James Forbei and his companion took I their departure from the cottage. I. 'You'll not forget, Nora, what I I «sited you to promise me,' the r manager whispered to the girl as he was about to mount bis horse. • I'll not forget," she answered. A few moments later Forbes disappeared in the fringe of scrub which 1 lined the clearing amidst the general adieus of bis friends, while Nora gazed after him with one of those inscrutable looks which sometimes puzzled those who best knew her. That night Captain Barrass read for hours to his friends from the books he had brought with him. He dwelt considerably on the indications of ' auriferous, argentiferous, and gemnifereous bearing areas. Opal deposits in particular seemed to have a fascination for Allan Fitzgerald, for ' were not his magic stones composed . of opal, though not the precious sort. It was nearly midnight when the party broke up, and that was an unusually late hour for the cottagers to retire. Provision had been made to accommodate the men at the bullockdray, over which a tent was spread, and the night settled down upon as contented and hopeful a party as could be found in the universe. At daylight—and that was only a few hours after midnight—Captain Barrass and Fitzgerald were astir, and an early breakfast was soon prepared. The old military man had considerable experience of sapping and mining during his active career, and be was eager to once again try bis band at dislodging rock and earth, but under less dangerous conditions. The granite cliff near the summit of Mount Pluto was the spot on which he had fixed his mind as most likely to yield the best results with the least labour. The mouldering granite was pierced with fissures and honeycombed with small caves, and if properly located, one keg of the powder exploded should give good results. The desire to see the destruction wrought had almost as much to do with the captain's eagerness as the fact that riches might be found. In fact, the probabilities in the latter direction were very remote, but still there was hope of revealing something. An hour after sunrise Fitzgerald, the captain and bis son, Nora, and two other men began the ascent, carrying the powder, picks, shovels, fuse, etc. The climb was not a very difficult one, and knowing the locality so intimately, Allan Fitzgerald was able to select the easiest patb. In less than an hour the base of the curious cliff was reached, and then the work of selecting the most suitable spot to place the charge was entered upon. The lormation extended httlf round the mount, and, in fact, occupied a considerable portion of the summit. There appeared to be so many suitable firing points that the difficulty was in making a selection, and it was fully two hours before such was obtained. At length the captain discovered a spot almost hidden by tbe dense vegetation in which grew around. It was in short a species of tunnel not unlike a huge wombat hole.' After going almost horizontal for some twenty feel it turned to the left and dipped suddenly until a narrow wedge-like lçcation was reached between solid*ock. At this point the keg of powder wo« placed with the long-fuse attached, and then every device known to the captain was adopted to prevent the force of the explosion working back and finding vent by tbe entrance. There was very little fear of that owing to the formation of the ground, but in order not to lose any of the force no effort was neglected to ensure success. The task of firing tbe fuse was ^undertaken by Captain Barrass, but no daDger attended it. There was greater difficulty in securing a safe «pot to witness the explosion, for the cliff appeared to be in such a crumbling state that there was no guessing what the result of a huge explosion might be on it. At length a supposedly «cure . position wal found by the. captain Łabout three hundred yards from the centre of the charge, and one:trom prhicb an excellent view could be btained. , jtt was not without trepidation that pra Fitzgerald awaitecrth^'firing of jjpb beholà the power oT the 03 b''invention on a much, gratów, ;:yA* for ber father, he regarded itempt} with his customary stoical PmSfe* Sołar « be could read Stele there war little chance of le corâiDg'totim in the way that uq Burasi intended it ihould. fiïjelM», the experiment might Interesting.Wâ» prospecting jESnVgigantic scale) ana that f not more than ten minutes |,%ĘTn.eftthe^;ito to fire the charge that he was seen running towards them with all the speed he was capable. A hush fell upon the spectators, and as Barrass reached tbem, puffing and out of breath with the unwonted exertion, tbe ground seemed to shake beneath their feet, and the cliff appeared to rise as a deafening report thundered out. The air was filled with flying rocks and debris. Evidently the charge had been well placed! For quite a njinute after the first great explosion rocks and portions of cliff came crashing down in various places. Indeed, it was soon found that the place of refuge where tbe party stood was scarcely safe. Pieces of the crumbling wall fell almost at their feet, and at length they bad to beat a hasty retreat further down the mount. All were eager to make an examination of tbe shattered cliff, and almost before it was safe tbe party went back. Charles Barrass attached himself to Kora, for there was considerable danger in climbing about amongst the dislodged rocks, some of which might at any moment subside into the cavernous depths which existed. The destruction of the cliff was extraordinary, and Captain Barrass quickly came to the conclusion that it was not alone the keg of powder which had done the havoc. He rightly concluded that some explosive gases must bave been fired by the ignited powder, and that reflection caused him to warn the explorers not to use matches or lights of any description in their search. In fact, he mentally congratulated himself that none of the party had been injured or killed, for if bis conjecture regarding explosive gases were correct, tbe whole side of the mount might have been blown out by their agency, and death instead of fortune might have overtaken the prospectors. Tbe search roule taken by Nora and young Barrass was on the extreme western side of the cliff, as there the exploration seemed to be easier. The giij was a good climber, as she bad plenty of practice.in that line, and soon the pair were clambering amongst the debris in tbe vain hope of picking up ingots of gold or caskets of gems. In places the half-broken undergrowth torn and mutilated by the explosion was difficult to pass, and occasionally the two became separated by tbe walls of vegetation wbicb intervened. It was on one of these occasions that a sudden call from Barrass, who was in advance and near the summit of the mount, caused Nora to push along with all' speed. Her first impression was that her young friend had met with an accident, her second be must have made a valuable dis covery. In less than half a minute she reached Barrass, who was pointing in an excited manner towards some rocks which almost crowned the sum mit of the peak. 1 A strange-looking man, Miss Nora, has just run behind yonder rocks. He does not belong to our party, but perhaps you may know him,' the captain's son hastily explained. ' Is he white?' quickly asked the girl. • Certainly ; but clad little better than an aboriginal. He tried to avoid my seeing him, I think, There are no bushrangers hereabouts that I know of? he concluded. \- A.vague suspicion began .to fill .the girl'» mind which quickly took shape. i Her father was not more 4hW> a hundred yards off, but wholly atnprbed in his mineral searcn. With a low cr^. Nora attracted hisittention and beckoned him jo her. ' With rapid 6tpps the bid inaricïïnë"up full of expectancy and quite unprepared for thp narratiłeJoldbim. .' ; •.. " ; ; v e a r c h , «n' sure that'll aettleraU trar .doubts,' «poke Allan, aftermshort «urvey. Both the men .«fed the girl*were armed, though none of themjfeai^d violence, ana in a fety miniitea they reached the first of the outcropping rocks and began the examination. Keeping together so a« to prevent surprise, tbe trio went from rock roŁk until the extreme aumm.t of the peak was reached, and they were able to see down a portion of the southern declivity. If Charles BatTass-had seen anyone there who wished to escape observation, there was no doubt tbe person would seek refuge by crossing the peak. This knowledge caused tbe three to make a keen survey of every object within sight, and it was while doing so that a figure which he well knew crossed the line of Allan Fitzgerald's vision. 1 Glory be to God 1' he vehemently exclaimed. • Look beyant I If that isn't Abel Sutcliffe 'tis bis ghost l' In response. to the • exclamation Nora and Barrass turned, and as they did so, caught a glimpse pi a wild- looking man in the act of disappearing in tbe dense jungle which fringed the brow of the mount about three hundred yards below where they stood. The girl was deathly pale, but scarcely more so than her father, who stood rigid as a statue staring below and uttering something inaudible. Charles Barrass was not so much affected, for the story of Abel Sutcliffe coucerned him but little. He had heard of the man's death in the ordinary way, but not knowing him, the event, tragic as it was, passed out of his mind as many another item of such news had done. The reappearance of the supposed dead man had a double significance for Nora. It showed that the glimpse of the face which she had caught sight of at the aboriginals' camp was not a delusion, but what most troubled her was the effect which that announcement had on tbe man who had asked her to be bis wife. She could not banish from her mind a vague and horrible suspicion which began to. shadow it, though she strove to do so. 'Abel Sutcliffe, you say?' spoke Barrass, breaking the silence. 'Of course you don't mean that poor fellow who lost his life in tbe Black Range some time ago.' 'Troth then I do. Tis no other Abel Sutcliffe I know,' responded Allan Fitzgerald, after a long pause, and speaking slowly. Barrass looked puzzled, as well he might. ' I don't quite understand,' be began. 'You believe the poor fellow did not lose bis life at the spot, I suppose. Yet if that were so, why did—or why does—he not return to his friends?' questioned the" young man. 1 His friends ?' repeated tbe Irishman. ' 'Tis few of ihim I think he had. His woife didn't act properly, but betwane us 'tis a subject best left alone. If Abel isn't mad altogether, I don't understand why he should live wid black crathurs, though,' vaguely answered Allan. By this time Captain Barrass and the two station-hands had reached the group, and tbey listened with wonder to the story. ' If three of you saw tbe fellow, there can't surely be any mistake,' spoke tbe captain. ' The best thing we can do is go in pursuit and get to the bottom of the mystery. We have about six hours of daylight yet, and may be able to drop on the poor fellow. Let's make a start. I'll take the west tide with Ted and Jack here, while you three can come round by yonder gully. That's the best way I can see to dispose our forces,' hastily concluded tbe captain in a decisive tone. Fitzgerald, now roused from the peculiar apathy which bad seized upon him, quickly responded to the invitation; and seeing that the plan proposed by Barrass was the best under the circumstances, he did not attempt to suggest anything else. ' Let us meet at yonder granite peak, and two shots fired in quick succession will be the signal for either party that something important has been discovered. Come along, lads,' commanded the captain. As Barrass and his iwo companions filed away down towards the western slope of the jungle, Fitzgerald, with his daughter and tbe captain's son, took the opposite route. By that method tbe two parties would be able to make an exhaustive search of tbe belt of timbered country which faced tbem and ran down to the glen at the base of the mount. The old bushman well knew that if tbe mysterious fugitive leally wished to escape bis pursuers it would not be an easy task to "capture him. Nevertheless, the quest wat'one.which pleased him. To B*: CONTINUED. LOopyrlghL] 