'Stumps.- 'Stumps,' us ho was called In Doa serlimd, was a favourite with criminals and— the police. He bad a bright Joke and a 'kindly word for all alike; no. one had ever seen him cross, or known him do a mean thing. Children hung round him, listening to his yarns ; the lasses always stopped to banter with him ; while many a night round the doss-house fire he wna the life of the wretcbed-looklug group, as in fluent, picturesque language he told ghost tales and fairy legends of Ills native County Clare, making Che mouchers forget their hunger, their suf ferings, their despair ; nnd when lie had money he was royally generous lie treated everyone lie came across. ' Bedad, that fact alone bethrays moi kingly lineage' (.Mike was descended from an .ancient Irish sovereign), lie once eaid to me, half-ruefully. ' Sliure, I'm never so happy as whin dlspinslng bounties.' Indeed, I have known 15s. last lilm but two days, though he always slept In a doss-house, and the only solid food that passed liis lips during that space was onions and tripe for supper, and a couple of carrots as a midday meal. ' My digestion, you see, is peculiar,' he confided on one occasion to a magis trate, after receiving a sentence of fourteen daya ; ' It seems to cotton to nothing but drink.' ' Could you not take the pledge, and would not some one help you to keep it ?' asked the functionary of justice, who, I am sure, in his lieart, saw the futility of these repeated consignments to gaol. Mike ruffled his rough red hair, and a gleam of amusement darted lnro Ills eyes. ' May It plalse your ludslilp,' lie said, ' it's meself was a sbining loight m the Salvation Army— fur— fur two months, an' begorra 1 In that toime If Oi did not merit a silver medal fur timper anee.' ' And where Is the medil ?'' asked the magistrate. Again Mlke'a eyes twinkled and -the corners of his mouth worked. 'An' you'll belaive me, yonr wurslilp, whin 01 came out last tolme, from the r'si dence you wos so lclnd as to send me to fur moi health, I pawned k fur a dbrop of the cratur', an' begorr-i ! if 01 didn't foind the medal wasn't silver at all, but jlst a common bit of tin Mike's real discomfiture was too much for those present, nnd they laughed as he meant them lo laugh and nobody enjoyed his joke more than he did himself. But laughing at or with a culprit does not help ► o mend hU ways, and Mike's case had a sad sldo to St.— From the ' Quiver,' tor April. 