Mining Appeal Case. The very important oaso of Pilmer v. No. I South Oriental and Glanmire Gold Mining Company reached another, and perhaps its last, stage yesterday by a majority judgment of the Full Court. Tho case is of irreat importance to tho two litigating parties ; and it is of considerable importance to tho mining public. Had the deoision turned wholly on mutters of fact, it would have been very significant ; but it is much more so because it turns partly upon a point of law. Tho judge in the court below and liis honour Jlr. Justice Real held that the accident was caused by a breakage in the handle of a bucket at a place above what they understand to be the mouth of the shaft ; ' whereas their honours tho Chief Justice and Mr. justice Cooper held that the breakage occurred below what they understand to he the mouth of the shaft ; and thcrcforo was an incident, not contemplated by tho section of the statute relied upon. This is partly u question of fact, and partly a question of law ; and on tho judgment of the majority of tho Full ..Court, tlio meaning of the statute is that the mouth of a shaft is not at tho level of the gronml, where persons enter and leave tho cage, and where material brought up from the shaft is delivered ; but at the top of the easing, up whioh tho cago passes towards tho roof of the structure. As tho judgment now stands, that will be held to bo the proper inter pretation of tho- clause under observation. The said clause reads, as follows: .."The mouth of every shaft shall' bo protected by automatic self- closing doors, fixed to the.-. skids or guides., below- tho". poppeti beads, so us to prevent tho cago or anything else from falling down the shaft." Tho most that can be said by a layman on the' judgments! is as above indicated— namely, that two of the judges hold tho mouth of the shaft to be at tho ground level, and that two of them hold it to bo at the top of the casing ; and that, .- therefore,. . the breakage having occurred, between these two points, the result is that two of their honours say that the accident is covered by tho statute, and two of them that it is not. Tho latter two being a majority in ' the Full Court, their decision so far determines tbe .case. On the judgment, tho mouth of a shaft, as intended by the statute, is not on a level with the.. Burfacc of tbe ground, but is oa the top of the wooden casing up which the cage may pass after it has discharged its load. If that is a correct interpretation of the statute, then no doubt all possible baste will be made to alter the statute to make it signify that the mouth of a shaft shall be understood to be tho opening at the level of tho surfaco of tbe ground. In passing wo must point out that it was very faulty for counsel to plead that the sufferer by this accident had contributed to it by lria own negligence. There was not tho ghost of a proof tliat ho bad done' so. It might have been that he' agreed to accept all risks incident to bis worlr ; but even where a porsou does thut it cannot be said that bo contribntes by bis own negligence to an accident. Agreeing to accept risks is not contributing to causes of danger. Tlie certainty is that this man was working under tbe belief that he was entitled to pro tection from causes of accidents which might arise abovo tlie mouth of tbe shaft ; unless it is true, as stated by one of thoir honours, that thcro might bo some doubt us to the application of the law- to shafts in course of construction as distinguished from shafts being used for working a mine in tbe ordinary way. Tho painful part of tbe business outstanding is tlmt men working iu mines are exposed to fatal accidents in regard to whioh thoir , surviving friends cannot obtaiu legal redress. Perhaps we shall nover roach a stage at which all' possible accidents arq provided for ; but wo aro bound to do tho best that is possiblo by human means ; and. it does seoin to the ordinary lay mind that the legislature believed thut tbis sort of ucoident would bo provided for by the clause given above. Somothing might bo said on tho breakage itself. There are some objects in which latent defects cannot be detected ; but there arc other objects in whioh latent defects can be detected by suitablo tests. A wire ropo or a bar of iron may be tested for either patent or latent defects, and a bucket handle is in that category. Tho information was that never boforo had an accident oceurred by tbe breakage of a bucket handle in this way. That is a thing most crcditablo to all persons concerned, but we have to consider if there was a defect in this particular objeot whioh led to the fatal breakage. Evidenco showed that tho nature of tho dofcot was visiblo nftor the breakage ; aud persons fnmiliar with thesoobjeotskuow what may be done by molecular notion ; but we have to consider if molecular action will break tho fibre of a bar of iron whore thero was no original dofcot ; that would bo an academic question ; tho praotieal one is us to an original defect in this purtiouhu- objeot. The court below appears to havo been satisfied with tho evidence given od tbis point ; and not muob, if unything, was mado of it. All that wo oan further say just now is that most likely an attempt will be made to amend tho statute. 