COURT JOTTINGS. Mr. W. P. Crick, Postmaster-General, was a regular visitor to the court throughout the Coningham divorce case. He generally sat next to the co- respondent and occassionally chatted smilingly with him. The Rev. Mr. Dunstan (Church of Eng- land) was about the only parson noticeable as a frequent visitor to the Coningham case. Priests, however, flitted in and out daily. Mr. Colonna Close, looking like a fat yet woe-begone ghost, sodulously attended the last stages of the Coningham divorce case. No reason has yet been assigned why he did not appear in the case. It was understood that he was briefed. Mrs. Atock (in the box) : My birthday was June 29. His Honor : Now, you can't say that.—Witness (blushing) : I mean that I celebrate my birthday on that day. His Honor : I suppose you are willing to receive presents on that day ?—Witness : Quite. (Laughter in court.) Rev. Father Byrne brought a new phrase into the law courts during the Coningham case. Instead of saying "about" 5 o'clock, he always kept to "in the vicinity" of 5 o'clock. Mr. Want (to the jury) : Now, to use a phrase whioh l believe is not slang," but is Scriptural, he only, by the skin of his teeth——. His Honor : You are right, Mr. Want. That is Scriptural. (Laughter in Court.) Later in the case his Honor used the same phrase, and remarked, "I am surprised that Mr. Want knew it was Scrip- tural. Somebody must have told him." "Why," cried out Jack Want, indignantly, "I once took a prize for theology." Mr. Want was quoting a judicial remark that a charge of rape was the easiest of all to make and the hardest to disprove, when his Honor interrupted wlth a spicy little . h-n ' miit (quoted from a famous Judge) : "When a man and a woman are seen sleeping in bed together, the presumption is that they have been intimate—unless they are man and wife." This humorous reservation caused a "loud smile" in court. At one time during the case Mr. Want referred to Mrs. Coningham as Mrs. O'Hara, a mistake which caused loud laughter, in which the co-respondent joined. 