I JL i literary 'gossip. R.. ...» liave occurred to many readers I1 S mental Tommy" that t&e; adven- 1 Mr ihirrie's hero, not to speak of K9 H-trizel. were not destined to end IfulL fad's boyhood, or to have for their Bw incident the parting at wuMiu.ro if9 i .ml the disappearance on the lonely Sa <iF Tommy and the Dubb of Proseu s ? watched by Grizel from the dyke, l' Inectations will be found to be con- ie l in ti e new number of "bcribneru »m Jin?" to which Mr. Barne contributes Bagazine, tu. t 0f ,;s 6Cque1, winch | "I?"1 tftie of "Tommy and Grizel." The g"5 'i. 'hLsrcd from Thrums and its JLnc is change 6Ujjm.j, 0f London, and f ftei nlw beam how Tommy Sandys Se ftn town, bringing with linn his little r1C. l'ls "th, and takes the post of ftarge tol>« .t Q p pym— the "Colos- jnanuenff to o the pemiy story i-1 ry of to day. The sketch of i ym, ins K methods, his theories of the art of Bcr Minn are in the author's best vein; Int main business of. these chapters is W i «v how the amanuensis came to strike It fnath to literary renown of his own, I fh s hcc.nne suddenly famous. S 1 while lie W.1S still no more tlmn an fi1 'Si- silting with his tout in the waste r"TSTd l"in dictating from the sofa and 8pfr-.; hen the" words would not, come unless Renins wiwn iio i,ironir the duties o tins »«> l'roemr/the name of ' the r iiiiu-a ranee unit other personal details. !»'«' '"Vtmllv -forgot them in tto nig.it, and f i h"! , vf sSrching hack through ins pages for I . nrhic lie" BO horribly that Tommy signed iSsSTo retire to her «- 0 d ' hn hou-e. o jll(orIi)ation wanted. couhl gut- v ii would say at the gT-r name iaMp. ' lr.„i curly brown hair, in which l"yn, ifiid a blusfdnS neck, and her eyes. Slklsltl"10" Pymi, "have I mentioned it?" lii0' — wto VotiCtaow ttot?" . B J i n n .rev's height in his stocking soles, Iwhm'l Sied to his mouth and kissed lum |tad!.iw""tlS in i'moS bnstalike tone, fa S h"lp smacking his lips. He smacked jHarnoWfear,'10liUl 'wonmn,' X am by your Sir "What a sweet child you are." . . KBv degrees Tommy's functions became in He degrees those of a literary "ghost," for Sm— hie Ifeclcs in Caste-is apt when he Bds a little money in liifl pocketB to remem- , that he lias "important engagements the corner." On these occasions he raid risk entrusting Ins amanuensis witb b writing of the next instalment of a cui- at etoiy— "all except the bang at the d." Hut the great penny betion pubhc rin to grow restive, and at last tlie two lie round men" representing the yublisli- . firm who have found Mr. Pyin s. popu- fo source of profit call to complain that S author is "falling off"-witli results described: . I, turned them out of doors and then sat m heroically to do what ho hail qpt done for i decades, to road his luteal work. Elspcth, go upstairs to your room, whispered amy, and then folded hia arms proudly - t first I'ym's only comment was, It is the ie old drivel as before; what more can they Kit presently he looked up, puzzled. 1 Is tliis ptcr yours or mine?" he demanded. Bit is about half-and-half." said Tommy. Mh mine the first half? Where does yours be- Briiat is not exactly what I mean," explained Hnmv, in a glow, but backing a little; 'you Bte that eliapter first, and then I— 1 " You re-wTOte it!" roared Pym. "you dared to ddiv with—" lie was speechless with fury, Rl tried to keep my IkuhI off," Tommy said, Bh dignity, "but the thing had to be done, and By arc human now/' M'lluman! "Who wants them to he human? The Bids seize you, boy; you have even heen tinkering Rh my heroine's >crsonal appearance. What is Bsyou have been doing to her nose?" B turned it up slightly, that's all," 6aid BR like them down." roared Pym. Bl Prefer them up," paid Tommy, stiffly. R Where," cried I'ym, turning over the leaves in Runic; "where is the scene in the burning Bee?" . B'lfs out," Tommy explained, " but there is a Rplor in its place about— it's mostly about the Ruty of the soul being everything, and mere b'tical beauty nothing." m is hardly Burprining that Mr. Pym — Apt experienced caterer for the tastes of Re consumer of penny fiction— exclaims: — EB few more tveeks of this, and we shall B three be t tinted out into the streets!" In. in, however, does he lecture his coadjutor R the canons of his art. Tommy gathers Rgether his interpolated disquisitions upon Rrouii and her destiny, and, expanding Bfln mto a volume, publishes them under Rehtle of "Letters to a Young Man About R be Married," which proves to be a bril- Rm success. Tommy, though scarcely out uis teens, beeomes all at once a fainotiH H20?; 'lc rCHlllt will be seen in Mr. Ber- Rw 1 artridge's half page drawing, which presents Air. Barrie's hero at a very fash- Rjahle gathering. The picture is lanelled, Wo Meet Air. T. Sandys." Elspeth is, of Raree, a partaker of his good fortune; but Rbnzcl, the "child of the painted lady," ere is hut a glimpse. She. has given ence, it appears, hy coldly and curtly in- Winng after her old companion and bene- B AVor(8> "How is Sentimental Bmmvf Hut the reader of sensibility may Bl cood cheer, Grizcl will assureuly be ptincnt enough in the coming chapters. 