WAS IT A SPIRIT? 'lhe llto .State Sedtator Wadt.ri, uof Viginia, whle ' fur fron bng per titionf luin, w as heard ol more thon 0• noeCsoioU to .ly tlat, l coull nlot al?ogcther disbeluiie zh ghoots. lie uade no Improssuo o o fithi in ?e?ctral apparitiois. but, aeording to ti on' aeoount, wno witlthhd frcoi denia ol thoem hy thle reoollietiou u o sialglo rea'. struap occurreslc . Ova afternoon, iol the uuLutllo j ' 1884, Ie was louioug for deer in a looly rally whitin toen lnel of the town of Pi'ilknoey, Virgiuia, when he struck into a nurroew road uch ooeor grown lith ireeds, nud eiodcnitly 0. uised for a lung time. Ailter a bit lo, came to a houue ohioh likeoisou h,oloetl signs of disnrelair, having beenl depriivcd 'on of its windows alnd dool.--pro bably iecaous thoao useful artid.le had hen cdeemed by somebody wornth carly rug awly. 0n this aooaunt the doltl in liuot a ?iogulrtiy htnt and moholoe like ppeair.~ae, oud the senator wa~s rather aurprised to seo n malt staoding on tho diliapidated porch i,1 front. The .mura had Iis Ilands in Iris pachkts, anutd wor a pair uof blue-joain overadll, Ii choek alort, and uu hat. IIso hair was red. AtI of thelu ptoints core distinctly noted by the snoutor, irho used o mL od hooutd a l cherful oalutatioo. No ly heiog ehiited, ho bhouted agaio; bgut the lper?oUt the porch appoered to take not the oligihto.t notieo. It seemed very rude. abut the onator was unxiro to get a bit of ihforlmotion as to game, anod s bc .appro;ilhcd the hou-e through a gtp in the miserhblo Iancc, tl gotu of whic o woo'abhent. Asho cone ilouar, hawover', tho '1an iu the ectick hlret aod bluoo-jeaa tuarcl and irlked bow ly into tho de.crtrol dwellinig, difpi jiearing front cile. t ieotol" oriod tho emntLor o moooot ilg the porch anod arriing at the door ilyi hbut thero was no response. Itu began to be itlndiguant, nd prcoently made uo h otlind to eabtr and hoot p the mal in the bluo?-jeal. 'hi, indeed, scented eiSy enoungh; but, to his great surlprise, ltobtiy n'os to lha found; thila ouice was absolutely eampty. I[e soarchm it inule and iut. but tho mail Ols gone. -There Wirs o cellar. nd, the dwecliug halving only four 0o1lns0 a uoinplcte inptrlooion woos lnot Lioliolt. Nertheless, it ets fruit less, and lit length the selutur gvue it o, Slodtldering hin gull, hetlg gled uck to the wretclied coal tlhroul he tadl wreed that grew whereu onae had boen regotauble garlde; but be fore going onl hIe g!unnd buck, and thvro ogoiu ou the porel, woS the red hlded dm in the cheek olrte. This wis too muchll. I syi:" cried the senator, "lwhat do you manen by runnioug away whe 1 genutleminu arnnts to 011-,k will, you The manl mde no rrplyl. Ue otill kelipt his hands in lhis pookets, aInd oseoed to be lookine in mnother dlirec tion. Naturually tolis madu Seiatior W'llterl. very ingry. I-to wallked igaill toallrds the hoLue, wheiiich ls only about thirty- five ynrds di·ta;nt. unb agiin the leison in the blua jelUli turnmt in a leisuelrdy wuay anud disnp peamred into the ruined dwrelling. Once laoro the risitor untered. lookled every. vhire, anlld found nohody. ThoughI re luctant to abandon the searchl, lie gave itup finally, raturniug to thle rod. Then,:s he looked bhack, he sawr the mal ptian ol the poreh, inl the lame ottitutht os befhre. By this time thu aentor was hot ritlh rlage. lelloli" lie houLcld agai. 'If youl doll't aoswer nloe itilL teL seconds tll put a dose of uloekshot into ouu!" Still the luial paid lie attention. aold. luling counted the tel second', the onmnttor slowly caised liii oiil Lo ahit nhoulder anid fired. 1ie s at lirs rto shlot, olid rwas certain thort hrl auld not hlire luissed; yot tll miooi stood there jcst j is before, motionlecc. n0b Oe'll tlureinl, his head. .h• tnly be irunginedt, the cnoltr cnis thunderotruck. nastily litsinii tihe road ho oatiu more approached tit.: house, and as lie did so the manll i the overalls turnedl ill the samue leisurc ly. mlimner as before nlid itnaplpeurrd within the dwelling. Tbhere wnas a col. sidarnblu space of clearing idl aroulnd the deserted residence, aunld no Ippleor tunity whateveor was afferded for hit ilng; hene tile ilmnrmonot of Mr. Wa' tort irllell. for the thrd tiiime. I suorched thlo premisc anud discli eril nobody. Extrmuely puzzled, lind at the same time very ungry, hle at last resunled his joirncy. hit. ,as ibefafe,. gle giailed biack, and there wrS tile Ier'olion bthe clietk hiLt stalding illi thim iporch. crihll his nlinda in hlii plokets load lookling as if inotllag hadl ocellrrced. At this iotigi of the lwoceedilg., cnid the senator, in telling the story. lie beCinU frightoniU . It steemed ob vious to hlin that somethine very lnucli out of the commlon wis at worh. He made nio further attempt at idivetigo tilon oul tlhe spot; haut rliel he got limuc hla set Oal feet la inquir-y irie, tile tlilcory of tile desacrirl houst,, lindi learned that its fornler occoupplit inu owner ttd bhea n I n:l1 unmioed Joali, ste.n, rho wcis iltulrdcca in raid illt byV a? friendt crilh cili,,,lie bal I di. iitit e. 