Melbourne $Oou>$* THE NANCE O'NEIL IS GREAT! THE GREAT OCEAN-LIKE SWEEP OF HER EMOTION. A great woman and a great play. That is the summing up of Nance O'Neil and Sudermann's Magda, now at Her Majesty's. The play is unconventional; as a dramatist Sudermann ranks with Ibsen, the attitudes of the two men towards conventions in morality and conduct are much alike, their dramatic methods are similar, they are philosophers of the boards. Discarding the cheap sentimentality of the familiar drama, and despising the cheaper mechanism of tjie rule-ofthumb dramatists, "who, for long years, have made plays as children build blockhouses, these men seize upon the drama as a magnificent medium for the promulgation of their ideas of life, and yet, whilst they are ever philosophers and teachers, they produce plays like Magda, of pro- Miss Maesmore Moms, As she appears in The Man of Forty, at London St. James's. found and thrilling interest, plays wherein you find a deeper and truer emotion than any a Sardou is capable of raising, whilst encountering the shock of ideas, new, living, pulsing ideas. Magda will. disturb the conventional mind that understands its teaching; the conventional mind that fails to grasp . the drift of it (and most conventional minds . do) is . simply stirred by a play of enthralling, heart-lifting emotions, and to • these the actress is all in all. Home, Sudermanu's own name for the play,, is much the best. The play is a story of home, a fierce ojitcry against the narrow, and rigid tyyaniiy, the laws of the "happy home," the blind and ignorant morality the "respeetabk hearth" imposes upon woman. Magda Schwartze, cast out in her youth, left to fight life with her own bare hands, a mere girl, innocent, and absolutely without an art, or an idea to pit against the mercilessness of the world, on coming home again after attacking her world, suffering, sinning, hungering, and beating it at length by the sheer power of her grand character, and the witchery of her genius, finds that she must account fully for tho past, that it must have been as flawless as that of her. young characterless sister carefully cherished through all her life under the guardian roof, in the cloister of home. She rises in fierce rebellion against the meanness, the blindness, the utter unreason of this view, and in a passage of magnificent feeling thunders scorn upon those who, sitting in the shade and calm of peaceful untried life, pose as the judges of the children of strife and wrath, who meet the world breast to breast, and fight for life and happiness against, arid through, all the tribulations that the devil lias set up in the faces of the children of rqen. Miss Nance O'Neil has thrilled me; and found the heart in me, as no other actress has ever done, and 1 do not forget long evenings spent in the Princess, when the Bernhardt gave us of her best. I had never heard of Miss O'Neil till she reached Sydney, but am certain as one can be of mundane things, that we shall hear of hev again for many years to come. They- say she is young—24, slie is certainly grand— grand physically, grand in the volume, power, and great ocean-like sweep of her emotion. Her voice is ,deep but beautifully flexible, her great physique is a splendid reservoir of force that is not exhausted, even by the tremendous strain put upon it by the character of Magda. I can speak only for twelve' years, but I say that within' that time Australia lias not only never seen so magnificent a display of virile genius • as that given by Miss O'Neil in the encounter between Magda and Von Keller, the lover and be- trayer of her girlhood, but it has seen nothing closely approaching it for sustained, resonant, overwhelming feeling. There is in this lady's passion the magnificence of a storm without storming, the sense of rushing force with little action. She is superb. And yet there are faults, faults in the trick of turning her back upon her audience, in the habit of halidling the furniture, in the pause for thought, the occasional elaborate pose; not, please remember, because the actress turns her back, or moves the chairs, or waits for an idea, but because of her manner of doing these things. It was a stupid convention that an actress should not turn her back upon the house, it is a stupid convention that the scheme of furniture in drama is a cast-iron fixture; Miss O'Neil despises these: very good, but a stupid convention must be outraged with art; it is not sufficient to outrage it merely because it is stupid, and. strange to say, it is in her un-stagey doings that Miss O'Neil is most stagey; the actions seem to become mannerisms, they are too obviously conscious. We do not ask the actress not to do these things, but to be more artistic in the doing of them, and to be careful not to make them conspicuous features of her performance. Mr. McKee Rankin, as the heavy father, gives a good study of a stern old domestic martinet. His . Schwartze is a sort of bourgeois Bismarck, a Bismarck of a village, one who has got religion, but whose God is only a compound of Mrs. Grundy and the King, an amiable enough old household tyrant, so long as he is not thwarted, and no opposition is offered to his dull and musty ideas. Altogether satisfactory, this well-drawn German fireside tyrant, the man of fat and iron. He is not German alone, we meet him in all lands. Plimmer's Von Keller is good decidedly, but Kingston is only a shadowy parson—lie is a good ghost of the character, no more. The play drew an enormous audience, and should continue to do so, but Melbourne cannot always be relied upon to do the right thing. If the people like a great play and a great actress, the theatre will be filled for a month. By the way, an attempt was made last week to give the correct name of the author of Magda, alas! I did not allow for "comping" eccentricities, and Sn derm ami's name appeared with several new and original spellings in the course of the correction. Thanks to the inconsiderateness of managers who will persist in running two or three- new shows on the same night, I could only take in broad, vivid streaks of The Professor's Love Story at the Princess on Saturday night, but those streaks were full of life and light, and wonderfully attractive color, and the house was quite full. J. M. Barrie had had little experience as a playwright when he fabricated the Love Story, and the amateur hand is strongly in evidence during the pretty tale's brief career. It is most strongly in evidence towards the end, where the need of a dramatic climax is made apparent by a rather lingering conclusion. But the comedy is undeniably light and clever, and sparkles with character. The Professor himself is full of opportunities for nice, light comedy characterisation, the family doctor is a genial and human round man, with a lot of boarding-school emotion stored in his benevolent, middleaged bosom, and the low comedy, though not let in with nice art, is artfully concieved, and is never thick and slat. If I remember, rightly, Barrie had only done Walker, London, when he turned out The Professor's Love Story, and it is inexperience that leads liim-to jolt his low comedy in rather abruptly on the tender tail of sentiment. Mr. Chas. Arnold takes on the Professor; it is a line of character quite apart from anything in which Melbourne has previously seen him, and although his forte is undeniably broader work of the farcical kind, he still succeeds in touching out a very likeable old savant suddenly drawn from his musty tomes, and made frisky, frivilous, and youthful again by the vivifying power of love. His Professor Goodwillie was.regarded with tender solicitude by an audience deeply interested in his most romantic little love affair. Miss Dot Frederic, as the Professor s tag*- • writer, and the object of his elderiy affec* tions, is a gentle and affectionate little STw nsomely and tenderly played and Miss Agnes Knights strengthens the favor S X S she is regarded in. Melbourne, w ith a sterling bit of work as the Professor's sister. The low comedy is m fSrly good hands, and much remains to be Sd about a sunny little comedy, cheerfully displayed. The Ladder of Life calls for no further remarks, beyond an assertion of the fact that the last rung has almost been reached and a very successful run draws Sls close The W t ?Tlhow be On Active Service, a a t t nautical h e show which will be welcomed after an overdose of Soldiers of the Queen. The magnificent war Biographe at the Athenaeum continues a prosperous career every fresh bit of news from the front sending crowds to the ColUns-sM hall to seewhat war actually looks lite, LNO description can give ^ ^ ^ ^ nression of active service that these pic tures convey, and a visit to theshow is K r than III the matter ~ mrresnondents, and sets one wonaering what our grandfathers would have -id if told that some day people wouldsit ma place of amusement, and see real battles actually fought under their noses. The of the army and waggons coming Sown fiorn Spion Kop is a Bpacious^d most sensational scene, and not a picture Town is without direct mUrtary interest The Biographe appears m Adelaide on the 16th inst. Donald McDonald, the Argus big strong man from South Africa, who hungered an-1 thirsted at Ladysmith with the besieged, and came back f u 1 of pledge and news and impressions, lectures to-night Thurs day. June 7, on S c e n e s and Sensations of Battle, in the Town Hall. McDonald won a large respect by the broad humanity of his views in the Argus letters, and as everybody wants to see and hear him, manager Geach should have a happy time. The War Office Biograph at Melb. Athenaeum, now entering on its tourtii week, continues to draw bumper houses every afternoon and evening. ' Forty pictures of the war and other things, each 26 ft. square, are shown, and knock all other 'graph shows seen here. l)undonald's Cavalry in action, the SignalLer on Rifle Hill, Bringing in the deadami wounded after Spion Kop, and H.M.te. Terrible bluejackets shelling Boer trenches are, perhaps, the best of the war lot. Another lot . of films will arrive shortly wliich^ it is confidently asserted, will knock Melb. s^lier still. STAB-G-AZER. Port Pirie freouently lias lying at iier wharves splendid specimens of the oce^n tramp. The Dongola, just gone with largest cargo, 6,616 tons of ore, that has ever left S.A. waters. She came to Pirie from East London, South Africa^ and the previous voyage acted as transport iJr H M. Government, carrying 947 horses from the Rio de la plate, shipping tlie number in eight hours. These were some of the horses that Lord Roberts made his onward march from Bloemfontein. rhe freight per head for 15 days' tup was 