H Spirit's Strivings. Secmos bt Rev. Db. Talhaoe. if; Grieve not the Holy Spirit. Quenchnot the to-" Spirit. My Spirit ehall not alwa»s strive. ^ J2ph. iv. £0» I Thc?s. v. 49; Genesis vi. 3. COME to ron on especial errand, witlra trumpet which givetli no uncertain Bound, standing between the living and the dead. Hear znc, ye mortal men and women, while I show you how God strives with the sonl, and how the text sets forth the idea that there is to boa termination to this blessed and merciful ministration. 1\. In the first place, God strives with the sonl often through silent contemplation. JJm you never, in your store, have a thought of L.the great future come to your mind. Was ' it not 6omo day. when you took up your -account book* and while looking, wondering :*.if vour accounts were all right and all good* r-vou thought of the long account of mercies ^-received, ond the credit sido of a blank apase ? And then, perhaps, you put your key kinto your money safe, or into the safe where vyou keep the valuables of your store ana office, *and turned the lock, 6wung back the door, and •hooked into that safe, and said to yourself, vtl Well, if a fire should take this whole block *:of buildiaes, then my money would be* ^at ^any rate, unharmed. But how wfll it he with |/iny soul when the conflagration of the last ft'day shall toss the world as a scroll—will my fvsoul be sate?" And seated right there, with £ the letters of business all round abouyou, and | the samples of the goods you had to sell, and j^tho weary wind whistling at the doorstep, ^thoughts of the past carao over, your soul, tmaking the perspiration como upon your "brow. ElNow, what was that ? "it was the Holy Ghost piddressingycu in toucsyoucouldnot disregard. |f(Jr perhaps the contemplation may have been |this very morning, in your home. You were Stitung in your chair, with your feet on tho IruntpT of another chair, and looking out of Ethc'window at tbo people passing down the gstreet. You said to yourself, -'I wonder |whcre they are going !• Oh, they are going tchurch." Then you thought, "Iwonder they will he any better off than I shall be! hat is this eternity they talk about ? What ifis this within me—a soul—an immortal fkoul?" And then, perhaps, you were inr tcliucd to put up tome such prayer as the E-Sibdu of whom I heard a few duya Pago, when ho cried out, O God, ^whoever Thou art, for the sake of Thy Son, ^whoever Ho be, have mercy on me!" But you Ifcud, "Ho; I will not attend to that this nmomiug. I will wait until night; then I jpirfll go into some hogse of God, and hear the gtrutb, and still further meditate on these ^matters." In silent contemplation ihc Holy ^Spirit has often come to you, saying, " Child fof immortality, traveller to the grave, pil ■§grim to the judgment day, heir of eternity, !|are you ready?" £■* '2. God still further strives with men | through tho preaching of the Gospel. Now, f-somc sermons .may be hostile to all ordinary ^criticism, and yet they may bo good sermons ; Jand there may be sermons in accordanco with f all criticism, and yet be poor sermons. Is it ^scientific exposition you want ? Then you £hsd better spend your time in discussing £Yaraday'selectrical polarisation, or some other i scientific subject* Is the preaching of the Gospel Jsimply a moral essay or a literary production P ^Then you had better read Macauluy or Emer fson. What is preaching? My idea of it i* sgjust one thing—to haul men out of their sins. £and start them on tho way to heaven. Oh Sthat all good preaclicrs would toil moro and jKnoro towards this one object! How many £|wula have been under the preaching of the rGospcl who have never yet repented? How Jraany sermons bavo you heard ? Perhaps rjsome in this audience can say, "I have not gheard a sermon in ten or fifteen years"; and gthero are somo who can say, 111 have heard ^hundreds," and others, actnallv thousands. gWhat has been tho effect of all these pennons upon your soul? You look back, ^sometimes, to tho meeting-house in the ^country where, in tho days of your fcchildbood, you heard the Gospel. You fciemembcr how your mother and your father ^looked, and the Sundays, when they sat in gtbeir pew with you, and with your brothers Sand sisters of the long, long ago—dead now g&nd; you remember how the aged minister of f.Christ leaned over tho pulpit and importuned fyou to be reconciled to God. Oh, man, that gwas your chance for heaven ! That was the gfcest time for seeking after God. Then you ^5nS5t_t0 ^avo surrendered yourself to tho ^Lord Jesus. Oh, no, no; you let that time £go.byi and other opportunities go, and the sjproaching was never blessed to your eternal ,t«alvution. But boiuo men say, •' If I l^nad better apparel, better worldly sur f|youndjngs, I would attend public wor JSjr* tbo Lora'" -But all tho apparel - you will ever put on will not ' ■ recommend you to Jesus. But, says one, 1 1 "I am waiting until X get throngh mr busi ness perplexities." But there .will always be business trials and worry; if you wait until tliey aro over, yon .will never come. Another says, 44 I would like to be free, but my habits are so bad, I cannot." Brother, you may be freed. X know it from, the fact that scores have, by the grace of God, broken their shackles, and I know it may be bo with you. Let it be so with you to-night. You may sign all the temperance pledges you like (and X believe in total abstinence), yon may con nect yourself with all the societies ; but there is only one thing .for you to do—to throw yourself at the feet of the bleeding, dying, resurrected Jesus, and He will give you emancipation through tho preaching of the Gospel this very hour. God's Holy Spirit is striving—striving with yonr soul. 3\. Farther. God often strives with men through business pressure and calamity. Where is the carriage you used to ride in ? Gone!. Where is the fine residence you once lived iu ? Gone! . Where are all the friends that surrounded you in days of your pros perity? Gone' .'oraeflowers bloom when the sun comes up, but not when the sun goes down.' Ah, How many of your treasures havo perished away from yon 1 You have bad perplexities enough in business life to. kiU you. When rent-day came, and you had no money to meet it, didn't you wish you had had a Saviour to help you? When on that day you said, "I have got to suspend payment," didn't you .wish you knew how to pay ? Bat, instead of going to God with that fiuancial trouble, yon went to someone to borrow • money to pay your debts; you went everywhere except to the Lord Almighty, to whom you should have gono fiivt and most of all. How many business men go overboard simply because tbey never Lave Jesns to sustain them I A man goes overboard; liis neighbours laugh, und say, 41 Ob, it is only a man—one more man." What is man? The battle ground of threescore years, containing tho destinies of eternal light or darkness. A man! No line can measure him; no archangel can outlive him. A man! Stars shall burn down out of their sockets, and tho world tarn into ashes and conflagration, but he will still continue iu eternal existence. Han! the masterpiece of God Almighty. Do not say merely a man has failed, a mere man has gone overboard. Tell them of something beyond this sceno of growling and threaten ing, and loss and gain. The Holy Spirit has been talking to you all this past week through your business disasters—striving, striving, striving! 4\. God's Spirit strives with other persons through domestic bereavement and trouble. What is that picture on the wall ? What are those photographs in the private drawer in the sitting-room? Oh, yon say, those are the faoes of the loved and gone. On that troubled day, when the obsequies bad ended, and your friends had left the house,' did not you hear God's Spirit say to yon, 44 Oh, bruised soul, there is sympathy for you, there is lovo for you—you Trill see your lost onell? Did not you hear God's Holy Spirit speak to yon, or did you try to bear the trouble all alone ? God was moving upon your soul through that darkness, and- that heart breaking.. The Spirit was striving, striving, striving! o. But my text says this is going to stop. 44 My Spirit shall not always strive." What does*it mean! Why, it means some such'idea as Professor Dodds expresses in his poem :— 44 There is a line, by us unseen, . That crosses every path— Xt is the boundary between God's mercy and His wrath." It means that there is a point up to which a man comes, and before he reaches it he may obtain pardon and mercy foi bis soul; but if he crosses that point, there is no pardon. Can that, indeed, be possible? Yes, Jerusalem stood 40 years-after its doom was sealed. 44 Jerusalem, Jerusalem, thou that killest the prophets, and stonest them that catnc unto thee, your house shall be left unto you desolate." Forty years before its'doom was struck was the destiny announced. And you • know, as well as I, of persons in this community who seem invulnerable to all gracious influences. They coxno to churcb, some of them for tho singing. Tho sermon has no effect on them. Why ? They havo crossed the line. An aged man was called upon by a young clergyman who bad just come to tbc parish, and he said, 44 Ab ! don't spend your time talking with me." 44 Why?"said the young minister. 44It is* no use talking to me; I am SO years old now. When I was but 20 years of age there was a revival in onr village, and almost every body else gave their heart to God; I resisted, and I have never had a deep, serious impres sion since that time." Said tho minister, 44 Shall I pray with you ?" 44 Ob, you may pray, if you like to. X told you that years ago this matter was settled, when I rejected tho Holy Spirit." The pastor knelt down and prayed. Tho mau was after wards taken sick, grow worse and worse until his closinu hour came, and his last words were, 441 know I shall be lost." Sometimes there is a difference between the sentence and the execution of that sentenco; and so it is, I suppose, in regard to some men. After they have resisted u thousand gracious and heavenly influences—44Let him alone!"— that Is the sentence, although the man- may tarry years after, before the sentence is exe cuted. Passing through a forest, you see trees that are never to grow again ; thoy aro girdled—they stop right there. And there are, perhaps, in every community, men who, in regard to their eternal interests, may be said to bo girdled. Tbey come iu; but, never theless, they scorn the songs, despite the sermon; thay hato the Bible, tboy havo no cross and no prayer, no care for the grent future—they are girdled. You say, can it be possible there is any finch person in this house to-night? X don't know; I cannot positively say. The place seems solemu; the audience seem attentive and earnest: these are sure signs that the Holy Spirit has not gone away for erer. And so, when I look over this assembly, when God's Spirit speaks, and yon listen for eternity, I feel that a great many^i're going to get this chance for heaven, and will take it. I know not why you come here, whether to hear the preacher say some odd thing, or to look opon the faces of the vast throng, or because you got weary staying at home. • I know not; but this I know—that the Holy Spirit this moment is striving, striving, striving with your soul. You know you are a sinner. You know you need a Divine Saviour; you know there is a heaven, you know thero is a hell; you know, there is the cross of Christ lifted up, invitinir all" the world to come and he saved; and you know a great deal better than I can tell you, because the Holy Spirit told you this morning, that it is at'auawfal risk you put off this matter one hour longer. There is someone in the nudienca who says, " I can't come ; I have all my evil habits ubrot me. I can't come; I cannot see the way." My brother, take hold of my hand. I will lead you, Godhelp ingme. I will ehow you .the fairest sight you ever looked upon. Behold the Lamb of God who taketh away the sin of the world! Ob, you need this Saviour now.' 