[?] WITHOUT A HOME. By Mbs. Baee. CHAPTER XIV. SEVERING ties. Really, Ada, this is very unex pected. What has brought about this decision ? To tell the truth, I do not understand why yon should leave a home where you are scarcely treated as a servant." I am fully sensible of your ex ceeding kindness, dear lady," replied the girl, in a rich, melodious voice ; "but I cannot stay. There are reasons for this that you cannot understand wcro I to explain them, which is simply impossible. I know you have spoiled me — that, go where I will, I shall not find another home like this ; but I must go." "Miss Meredith made some en quiries about you this morning, and seemed to think that she had seen : : .she heard ycurnBidyoiiever see her before t" - « Dnna " ronlinrl A ttitt frnflifiillr " Perhaps she would like to see yon. She said she would call in the morning without company.'' Amy threw up her head a little proudly. " Miss Meredith can have uo particular business with me. 1 should like to leave this evening, if you'll let me ge." " Certainly you can go, if you are bent on so doing," replied the lady, taking out her purse and paying the girl her wages. " You have been faithful, aud the extra money is a reward for your kindness to Ron?.." Amy turned away, unable ts speak, and went to the library, where she bade good-bye to her favourites, with streaming eyes. "My, my 3 What does this mean? What are you crying for, Ada?" asked Herman Singleton, as he came suddenly into the room. " Because I am so miserable," 6be replied, faintly. " Everything seems to go wrong." "What has gone wrong?" he asked, kindly. " Has Rena got one of her tautrums again ?" " No," she replied. " Mr. Single ton, I am going to leave, and I do love theso books so much. It seems like parting from old friends to leave them." "Why are you going to leave us ?" he enquired, gravely. "Because I must. I can't tell you why ?" _ " I thought you had no friends, Ada ; what are you going to do in this largo city without a protector ?" " What hundreds of others do," she replied. " Fight my way, con test the road, and if I fail it will not be because I lack courage. " What do you think I have been doing these two years ? I suppose you'll laugh at me, but I have been pre paring myself to teach." If a thunderbolt had fallen at his feet Singleton would scarcely have been more astonished, and his sur prise did not escape her notice. "I suppose you think me pre sumptuous," she continued, hur riedly, " but I was born of parents who instilled into my mind a love of knowledge ; parents who little thought their only child would have to battle with the world As I have had to do. When I camehere and found these books, and learned that I could have access to them, I determined to improve the oppor tunity, and I have no cause to re proach myself, for I have gathered many a sheaf in theso two years, and stored them for the future," The slight figure of the girl was erect now. Tbe large browa eyes — her peculiar charm —were glori ously bright with the enthusiasm of her subject, aud looking up into his face as she fiuisheJ.she abruptly asked: "You think mo quixotic, aud my ideas visionary, don't you!" " I think you are on the verge of a grand woiuanhoud," he replied. She raised her eyebrows, and her forehead knotted into a heavy frow n : ' I asked you for an honest opiuion," she said, reproacbfally. " Shall I tell you what I think ? Then I will. Your perseverance is simply sublime; your industry puts to shame older persons than your self, and tbe manner with whieh you have worked, unaided and alone, is tmly remarkable I have gytifiiifisLyou the past years, ever SK ii co- you asked my sister for the : use of the library, aud I have .seen how you sometimes made mistakes ic the selections of your volumes, but, ia the main, you displaced ex cel lent taste. I believe you will suciccd, and you Jjave my best wishes for the tiual attainment of your goal." He turned to go, but came back, " Ada, if I Can help you, I will do so. Money I have in abundance." " Thank yoo ; hut I must work my own way. If I reach the desired goal, it will be through my own exertions." " Th ink well. M oney is a power ful auxiliaiy." " Oue that I don't possess. Your words of praise are the first that I have received from any source, and they are vciy welcome ; but I do not desire help from any one without rendering an equivalent — that I could not do in this case" " You arc independent !" said the gentleman, a little sharply. The blood mounted in a brilliant glow to her face, " The lessons of life, learned in tha school of adver sity, are not likely to teach us de pendence on those about us," she replied. " You talk bitterly for a girl of your age," he remarked. " Ada, what is the cause of it ? Has lifo held no happiness, ho joy, no plea sure for j'ou all theso years that you have lived .' "Yes,"' she continued, "until I was twelve years old my life was one continued flush of happiness, with only one dark cloud, the death of my mother, though I was almost too youug to realize my los3 then. My father diod when I was in my fourteenth year, aud since then my life has been one continued struggle with poverty." " It is very strange that you have no friends, no relatives." ' I have relatives, but they are insensible to my welfare. It makes . uo difierenca . to iLem - LetLi. L ( Sink er jswimv X don't know why I should be telling you all these liUlUgB, HUB UUU6U. "Because I asked you," he re plied. "Your confidence shall be respected." " You have been very thoughtful and kind to me since 1 have been an inmate of this house. Allow me to thank you for your many little acts of courtesy." "I should be better pleased if you would let me assist you." "You can do so by giving me directions where to find a respect able aud cheap boarding-house ?" Herman Singleton stroked his moustache in perplexity. Cheap boarding-houses were not much in his line, but, thinking for some mo ments, it occurred to him that he had accidentally heard of a small house in a quiet, respectable street, where one could get cheap board. A friend of his, a college associate, who had more brains than money, lived there, and taking out a card that had been given to him, he told Amy of it, and gave her the address. " Remember," he said, " that the offer of assistance is open to you a year hence as well as to-day." " Ob/ she cried, breaking down, " your kindness makes it harder to go. I came here as a servant, aud have received nothing but good treatment ; and it is hard to leave so much beauty, brightness, and re finement, everything that the most cesthetic nature could desire, for a smaU_room in a boarding-house." " Then why go ?" " Because I must. Good-bye." She held out her hand, shook his heartily, aud vanished quickly out of the room. CHAPTER XV. A surprise. The last article of clothing had been put away, the last good-bye was said, and Rena was put in k»<- bed carefully, before Amy arose to go. The parting was bitter, far more so than Amy had supposed it would be at first. Her face was the last that Amy looked on in the bouse, for after she had said flare- well to -every oue she stole up to the nursery again, as if loth to leave her charge, end took a last long look. With a heart almost bursting she went quickly driWia the stairs, out of the front door, feud entered a street car, which finally aet her down at the board ing-hotrSe, She rang the bell, and was admitted fee the par lour by a prim little fotdd, -whosaidthe'rhistress would be doWn ' soon, turning 'Up the gas as she spoke. Amy looked around her, XA the homely but clean carpet, and at the walls with their pictures. She started up with an exclama tion of surprise. " Surely this iB the picture that used to hang over the mantel in Mrs. Wollerton'a room I Yes, it is the same ; I know it is 3" . " Do you wish to see me ?" asked a voice ; and Amy turned from the summer landscape to meet the en quiring glance of the landlady. Taking a step forward, the girl raised one baud, and, in a voice scarcely above a whisper, asked : " Is it possible that one whom I' have believed to be dead for two long years is alive ?" The landlady drew herself up haughtily. " I am not. a ghost that H I know of. Will you come to busi ness, if you please, miss ?" Amy sprang forward, with a glad : light iu her eyes. " Don't you re cognise me, Aunt Louise? Have, you forgotten your little pet, Amy; Jones ? Ah, you know mo now," she replied, as a look of recognition passed over the old lady's face, and she opened her arms to receiye her durling. " Thank the Lord that He has let me live to s e this sighfl Oh, Amy, liow glad I am to look on your face again 1 Poor child 1 how I have longed to nave you with me after I I heard that your papa had died !" And Amy did not doubt the sin cerity of her words when she felt the pressure of her arms, the kisses on her cheeks, and saw the glad tears rolling over her face. . . : . " Come, sit down, my dear. and let me look at you. Why, bicss my soul I you are a young lady, and " ! had expected to see you a little girl stiff Well, old folks think that the young must stand still, but they go on growing all the same. "Now, tell me all about yourself" Amy gave her eDtire history, omitting nothing that lia-1 happened since her father died, and Mrs. Wol- lertoh laughed arid cried by turns, as her favourite told how she had battled so sucsessfuily with an ad verse fate, ending by saying that the one motive of her life was to lit herself for teaching. "I shall never make myself known to the Merediths, nor do I wish them to know of me; so, auntie, 1 think T shall keep my new name, Ada Gascon. 1 have come to live with j'ou now, if you cm find a nook iu your dear heart and home for me." " Of course I'll find one for you, and j'ou shall go to school just as much as you want to. Dnu't shake your head, for I have some money, and nobody in. the world to spend it Oil butcureclf. Just to think ef tb e tra inped u p 1 io lit tlist hbcally man who tried to ' get you into bis power. Bless your heart, child, I luiVA livrnri fif. t.Vin nLT nlnma Atror since, till last year, and I never sat au eye on him. Just to think that you have been liviDg here two years in drudgery, aud I didn't know it." " Not drudgery, aunt. My life at Mrs. Gannan's was rather pleasant." "O.-i, yes, I dare 6ay, nursing a spoiled child was rather pleasant." " I would rather do that than be dependent on any oue," was- the quick reply. "Just like your father. He was too proud to ask anything of his father-in-law, so his business weDt to the dogs. Don't you be too in dependent to do as I say." " £ don't want to be a burden to you," replied Amy. " Who sayB you'll be a burden . When 1 get tired of you Til tell you. I'll send for your trunk to morrow." " But, auntie, if you are really so well off, why do you keep boarders !" asked the girl, with a quizzical look on her face, for she thought 6he had the advantage. " Because I wauted something to do," was the quick reply. " You don't doubt my word, do you ?" " No, no ; but I thought you said so to make me feel at ease. I would rather accept aid from you than aDy one." " You are coming to your senses," said Mrs. Wollerton. " It is a kind ness you are doing me, child, for I am lonely, and oftimea sad because I have no young face about me to make sunBhiue aud music. Come with mc, aud I'll show you to your room." She led the girl up to a large, airy bedroom, neatly furnished ; and when Amy was told that was to be hers, she caught her friend about . the neck, and kissed her again and again. " Go to sleep, my dear," said the old lady, gently, " so, you may have fresh cheeks in the morning. Good night," and Mrs. Wollerton retired, leaving Amy to herself . A smile, half triumphant, half sarcastic played about the young girl's lips. " The road to knowledge lies open before me," Amy murmured, " and if I do not garland my brows with the chaplet of knowledge, it is my fault. Dear aunt, how she took me in her arms, and kissed me so many times, and held me so tight that I could not breathe. The same kind heart, the same genial manner of pld. Help from her does not gall titrii chafe like it would from the BiXt Mrs. Wollerton did not tell her rifiliutaiany anxious visits that Oscar Meredith had made to her; Low he hfed tried every means in hispower fo iihd his niece. With a lare fabt skb fet a glance that AmyVrSB deeply )priy udiced, and the fact that She had thrown aside her tight name, btdy 'trriiVfed to confirm Iter Opinion ; too tihe Vr&lly; kept her own counsel, and determfoed to use a little strategy. To -describe the foMinjg <ctt iquiet conteut that stole over the hfoely orphan girl, as she laid hfer head on the piUo'W that night, would h Im possible; there was something heavenly in it : no child to soothe in its brokeh mkimben, no hells to answer, no boiifoarifls to obey:, for ; fhe firat timeinyeam eW coulJ -j close her eyes knowledge that she was mlBtr&BS; of her own movements, go tb lleep when «he I was tired, and awake when she willed. (To BE COB'i'IMUib.) . 