BLACK JACK OF WILLARD'S CHASE. [ALL. U,aBIS ItESEKVED.J Willard's Chase, part of the New Forest, which- at one time embraced half Dorset, Hampshire, und Wiltshire, ie full of hills, which towards Doisetshire, turns tu bare downs, with hero and there a beech of cluinp trees and dwarf oaks on a knoll, and a Bun ken line that indicates an ancient British pathway or an old Komau road leading to the coast. Up a low grassy track, called io Wiltshire, ' o_'d rives,' and round a shaulder of the rolling down where three lines of grissy ram part showed that a Roman camp bad ones stood there, upon a September evening a few years ago, a young fellow wended his way slowly and thoughtfully, and in a deep reverie. A sturdy keeper— the wanderer had his pin on his shoulder and his dog at his heels. He was a line well built young son of Britain of about two or three and twenty, his face shrewd and defiant, his step firm and light. His brown velvet shoutibg jacket was worn almost white on the right shoulder, whilst the gray felt hat he had thrust rather jauntily on one side of his head, bore traces of hard service io many a storm. There was a peculiar half -smile on his, face that evening— an expectant kind of glance, as he scanned the woodlands and copses scattered here and there below him. Suddenly a little figure ran round a ring of Drukljeal stones, and waved a handker chief. The young man started and held up his gun. and then like a deer bounding down into the hollow was met at its base by a laughing rosy -cheeked girl, fair-haired and blue-eyed, the yoang maiden . -betrayed no uign of alarm as the sturdy handsome young keeper caught her in his arms. ' You are late, Harry for sore,' she ei exclainied, in reply to a dozen kisses bes towed on her pretty lips as red as cherries. ' A nice gallant lover - I'm ashamed of you, sir! I ventured on the way and yet you've only just come up. Thought you'd have met me in the deep hollow copse. 1 hid behind tho witches' oak.thinking to jump out upon you luce a ghost! ' A very substantial ghost, Hetty. Would make a ghost many a fellow would give some thing tu be haunted by, I swear.' More kisses here followed, which extorted an ejaculation of ' Do-a-done, Harry.' ' Say, Hetty,' at length exclaimed the ardent lover in a serious tone, ' have you heard there was another buck killed last might by the River Oak ?' ' But that was not your walk last night. Harry.' ' No; you remember I told you old Teddy Jakes would exchange with me. It'B that ruffian. Black Jack, again. I owe him a debt, and would give a year's wages to have my fingers laced about his throat. I'd strangle him and save the hangman trouble later on.' ' Oh, Harry, don't! fray don't look like that. You look — you look— downright ugly, there!' 'I can't help it, dear, I get so savage ?when I think of that villain's crime a year ago. When killing his victim be got off by a too leuient sentence of manslaughter. Sow, listen to me, Hetty.' The young fellow, taking the pretty little dimpled hands of hie companion within his own. here sat her down beside him on the grass. ' You put me in mini now, Harry, of the Judge at the 'Sizes. Whatever is the matter ? !Oh, I do feel bo frightened, sure !' exclaimed Che girl, laughing loudly, showing a set of teeth that glistened like pearls in her ruby little rosebud mouth. ' Don't Jaiifh, Hetty, dear, for I want to talk seriously to you,' said her lover, as still Jioldiug her hands firmly clasped within his own, he looked fondly iuto her bright blue eyes. ' Now tell me, dearest, did you men tion to anyone that I and Teddy Jakes are poing to change walks ? The poachers and deerstealers have heard of it, and they can do what they like with Jakes when they once get him to the Pyed Bull ; you know what a drunkard he is: you know how he drinks.' \- ' Am I ou my oath— really to tell you the honest ttuth, and nothing but the truth T' cried the laughing girl, as she shook her Jover's hnnil up and down. ' You must tell me the truth— yes, Hetty.' ' And you won't be croes or angry ?' ' How could I be with you, darling ?' ' Well, then, I did tell about the walks being changed, hut 1 can't tell you who that party was I mentioned it to.' ** But I must know who was your confi dant, Hetty ; I can do nothing without the information.' ' Well, it wasn't a deer-stealer, Harry.and it wasn't Black Jack.' '? Don't suppose it was, pet; but seriously, it is no laughing matter to me. If this thing goes on I shall lose my character with Lord Rivers, bo you must be explicit with me, my dear girl, for 1 must get a clue to these vagabonds.' ' Mast I tell you, Harry?' There was a sorrowful, regretful tone in the voice of the maiden now. ?' If j-on love me, Hetty, you will tell me the truth,' ' And you won't be cross with me?' 'Cross with you, pel? — no. I am con vinced it was the knowledge of the change lost us that buck last night. Tell me at once who you mentioned it to.' ' Can't you guess, Harry, dear?' ' I've not the faintest idea, Hetty.' ' Well, it was to my brother Luke,' Baid the girl, all the mirth dying out of her face now. ' Your brother!' gasped her lover, bis hand shaking so that he almost dropped his gou. ' The Pyed Ball is Lake's favourite bunt, and 'tis there the poaching gang meet I've long suspected.' ' Yes, and my brother, the same as Jakes, a is ever craving for diiok, Hany, and I sup pose he let out what I told him when he woe intoxicated.' ' Without a doubt, Hetty! Poor Luke! scarce more than a boy.his love of liquor will be his ruin; his case is worse than Jakes, as the latter iB an old num. However, this will be a caution to yon, darling, not to repose confidence in your brother again. ' When the wine'B io the wit's out,' and this holds good with strong ales. And now I'll tell you another secret, dear one,' — with a huiried kiss the yoang man moved to go— ' Teddy Jakes acd I do not change to-night; ire have ordere from the ranger to retain our usual posts. So if the poachers are up to any more mischief, they'll come to grief. Mind, Hetty, not a word, evunto the very »ir- Good-bye, my sweet pet, I wish I could * go back with you, but I cannot.' 'And its. this the way you are going to leave me ?' pouted the young beauty. ' It is almost a matter of life and death, Hetty, and if you love me you wouldn't wish to keep me. I shall see or hear of the deer etcalers at the Pyed Bull, and ehall then know what to do.' ' Ob, do not go after them, Harry. Black Jack will kill you; be fean nothing.' ?? So more -Jo I, Hetty , there.. Good bye, love; don't cry, don't be foolish!' heex claiaed, as he now clasped her in bis arms; j ' I'm on the track of the cang, now, With me success, dear girl.' ' I do, Harry, I do; but, oh 1 I have an awful feeling of something terrible about to happen.' And now, as the young keeper bounded away, Hetty sank down upon the grass, weeping and sobbing in a very par oxysm of grief and alarm. A sharp run across the downs meanwhile, soon brought the young keeper to a hilly spot that commanded a good view around and a clear sight of the inn, the Pyed Bull, known by woodmen many a mile away. Standing on the summit cf the hill, his eyes bright and keen, Harry discerned four men congregated at the door of the inn, all of whom were pointing across the road to a high field near a wood on the opposite Bide. A few minutes after the astute and deter mined keeper bad reached the little ullage public house, and making' his way into the bar as he had suspected, found seated with some half-dozen loafers, his fellow keeper, the old man, Teddy Jakes, wbo, half drunk, was shouting out the scraps of n bunting song. By the tire, with his back to the door, sat a stalwart lad, Hetty's reprobate brother, in close confabulation with a. short, red, bearded man, a well-known comrade of lha noted desperado aud poacher Jack Ingle dew, or Black Jack, as be *'as called. ' Why, blessed if Harry l-u-l'.ey ain't jined us,' cried tho inebriated Jakes, who, staggering forwards, clapped his coran&niqn; on the back, exclaiming, in thick, guttural accents: ' We've hod- the ranger here, Harry, boy, swearing about that buck that was killed yesterday. I did'Dt let out as it war Black Jack's doings, though; Jack always squared it with me, Harry, and bo be will with you.' ' 111 square with him, Jakes, by putting him in a hole be won't get out of in a hurry.'' muttered the young keeper, with frowning brow. ' Don 'tee meddle with 'un, Harry; lie's a dead shot, and he's sworn he'll kill the first man who lays hands on him. He said it of you lad, not half an hour ago in this very bar.' ' Ha ! yon've had the rath'an hare, then, as I suspected, and he's now away in Audley Woods, but I'll have him !' cried the young keenar, as with flashing eyes he made for the door. The half-drunken crowd, along with the affrighted Jakes, now endeavoured to keep the excited young man hack, but, shaking them off, Harry Dudley was out at the door, down the road, and flying towards the adja cent woods in a moment of time. This place, Audley Woods and Walk, was a favourite haunt of the deer, being full of coverts and lurking places, and full of leafy holly, the deer's favourite food. The scattered woodlands and cuppes abounded in hazel and young beech, and lite fern grew thicker on the slopes and round the hedgerows than in other parts of the deep woods. Gaining, after half-an-bour's sharp walk ing, some high ground, Harry, casting his eye towards an hedgerow, perceived two men walking slowly by the side of it, one, us far as he could distinguish at such a disatnee, carrying a gun. With compisesed Tips and knitted brow the enraged young keeper Btood for a moment glaring at the two poachers, and then without further hesitation darted off in pursuit of them. Past six o'clock there was only a dim, shadowy light in the woods, and it was with some diSiculty Harry kept the two figure in sight, to his chagrin the poachers pre sently both disappearing through a gap in a tall, thick hedge. llight ahead be now unhesitatingly rushed, and in a few moments was in the ga.\\\, and brushing- awav Che hazels, to his auiazn. almost butted against a man who was quietly standing smoking a pipe, with his hauda iu his pockets. The shrewd young keeper fancied he could detect the device. The fellow so unconcernedly smoking his pipe was screening and covering his mate 'on ahead, and that other man, Harry intuitively felt, was the ruffian he wanted— the deer stealer who had sworn to take his life— the poacher. Black Jack ! The daring young keeper resolved imme diaely upon his course There was a great prize to win, whatever the risk might be. Bruphing past the fellow with the pine ; (who grumbled something sullenly), Harry burned on. Presently, after gaining a sort or stubble tit-Id, he could discern nothing of . the man with tljegun. but dashing on reck- ? lessly now, for his blood was up, he caught sight at lust of someone creepingalong under : a hedge about fifty yards ahead. j A loud mocking laugh now woke up the ; stillness of the scene, and in another moment ' the creeping figure had started up. j A giant of a man over six feet, with volu minous black beard and whiskers shrouding | his mahogany tinted visage, menacingly con fronted the gamekeeper, a gun pointed directly at his head. With a thrill Harry Dudley, aa the deadly tube was presented at him, raised his own ritte to his shoulder, but, before he could take aim at his deadly foe, a sharp crack was fol lowed by a whistling ping over his head, a streak as of flame oassiog across his scalp, whilst his felt hat whirled away like a wisp of straw. Staggering back with the idea that he was mortally hit, the young keeper was saved fruis a second discharge by tumbling into a small hollow. Again now that mocking, jeering laugh rang in the air, and then as Harry rose partly on his feet, muscular aims wound around iiis chest with the strength and hug of a grizzly bear. Having made the discovery a second of time before that t he bullet of the murderous poacher had only graed his scalp.he now pre pared in wild, fierce rage for a struggle to the death with his enemy. .Not a word was spoken by the infuriated antagonists. The stalwart young keeper knew that he had to fight for it or his hour had come, and in rag* and desperation he struggled in the embrace of the bloodthirsty poajher, the renowned and merciless Black Jack. * ' A practised wrestler, Harry held his own until his brutal and ferocious antagonist with his heavy-tipped boots kicked at his legs, slashing the fleBh at every lunge as though it had been cut with a reaping hook. Not content with this barbarous feat, as both come to the ground, the deer%layer, with a savage howl.fixed his teeth like a bull dog into the neck of hie adversary. Sick an'd faint from loss of blood and the fierce struggle, Harry had nearly lost all con sciousness, as locked in the other's mad em brace, he presently fell with him into a deep, dark rent or hole ia the? earth. Giady and - bruised, released from the deadly grip of hie | mad foe, Harry remained for some minutes with the same sort of feeling one has upon ? awakening from a bad dream. . The first thing that roused him to his full senses was the strange qnietude of his fierce companion. And now, as he pushed away from hie breast one of those murderous huge hands that had gripped him so tenaciously shortly before, he started up with a cry of horror. I The hand he thrust away had felt very cold to bis touch. I Had felt like a hand'of the dead. j There as only a faint pale light in the well like cavity, and, stooping down quite close to the doubled up heap beside him, Harry perseived in a momenttbathe was alone with death. ' Lying in a bent position, bis face a ghastly blue and purple, Black Jack, the desperado and poacher, had been stricken {suddenly out of life. Hit race was ruo ; his murderous attack upon the young gamekeeper bis last crime. j Falling; underneath the body of his youth- \ ful antagonist, Black Jack had broken his ' neck — had gone to his account with all his sins upon hit head and in the attempt to commit another deed of blooi. | (The End.) 