THE "WHITE LADY" A Berlin correspondent writeB: We have not heard of the famous' White Lady' of the Oastle of Berlin for a long time, and a very good thing too, every loyal Prussian will eay, for her appearance, according to a legend of the Prassian Boyal family, always forbodes the death of some member of the Honse of Hohenzollern. A few weeks ago, however, a tacqney attached to the Imperial Court was summsrily dismissed for averring that he had seen her. Funnily enough, a sublieutenant whoihappenei to be on duty declared that he too had seen the dreaded spectre walking along one of the corridors of the castle, and he informed his colonel, who pat him through his facings, and cross-examined him in the most serious and polite manner possible, himself thinking the incident extremely uncanny. The upshot of the cross examination was that the gallant colonel conld get no satisfactory information cr explanation out of his subaltern, so he ended by believing hfs story. Everybody at Court began talking about the re-appearance of the 'White Lady, 1 and so the Kaiser got to hear of it. His Majesty is not a man to let himself be befooled, so he sent for the lieutenant. The terrified 6ubaltera entered the Imperial presence chamber more trembling than when he saw the ghost; his Majesty, however, took no notice of his quivering lip&, and treated the matter jocularly at once, The following interrogatory ensued:— Kaiser: What was the lady like I Was she tall or short ? Lieutenant: 6he was tall, your Majesty. Kaiser: How was she dressed ? » Lieutenant; She wore a white petticoat, jour Majesty, with a white bodice, and she had a white cap on her head—a long white veil flowing over all, This seemed circumstantial enough, bo that the Kaisar began to think there must be something interesting at the back of the story. His Majesty continued, after the briefest possible pause: Was she carrying anything t Lieutenant: Oh, yes, your MajeBty. Kaiser: What did she have in her right hand? Lieutenant: A candlestick. Kaiser; .And what was in her left hand ? lieutenant: A box of matches. This quite did for kaiser Wilhelm, whose sense of humor was immediately tickled. He burst out into roare of laughter, to the dire astonishment of the young warrior before him. ' Well, that will do,' said the Kaiser at last, kindly but firmly. ' Don't let me hear , anythiug more abont the ' White Lsdy' 1' Then, with a knowiDg look, His Majesty dismissed him as follows; 'And take my advice. Don't peer abont in corridors, for you might often gee ladies there at night attired in white petticoats and bodices.' 