THE LEAVEFWORTH ? CASE. . r, — . — m ? — ???'?' XXXVIII.— (Continued.) 'Excuse me,' said I, as he looked up, ! '?! have lost my ' memorandum book, and think it possible I may have dropped it in the passage-way, when I '' went for the wine,' He bowed, and I hurried past him into the olosot. Onca thwo, I proceeded rapidly into the * 1 _ . ^ ? ..,..1 i\, a winlrti VQ. room beyonci, procureu mo j.ubwi, »--- turnod, and almost before 1 realised what I was doing, had taken up my po* sritior bohmd him, ahnod, and lived. The ? result was what you know. Without a groan, his head fell forward on hi8 hands, and Mary Leaventfortih was the virtual possessor of the thousands she ooyoted, N My iirst thought was to proouro the latter he was writing. Approaching tho table, I tore it out from under his hands, looked at it, saw that it was, aa I expooted, a summons to his lawyer, ..nd tftmist it into my pooket, together , With the letter from Mr. Clavoring, which I perceived lying spalitered with blood on the table before me. Not till this was done did I think of myself , or remomber the ooho which that low, ahavp report must have made in tho house. Dropping tho pistol at the side of uha murdered man, I atood roady to shriek to any one who entered, that Mr. ? Letwenworth luid killed himself. But I was saved from committing ? such a folly. Tflio report had not been heard, or if so, had evidently failed to create an alarm. No ono came, and I was lefts ? to contemplate my work undisturbed, and deoido upon hho beal course to be taken to avoid detection. A moment's study of tho wound made in his head bv tJhe bullot convinced me of the im '? possibility of passing tho affair off as n auioide, or evon the work of a burglar. To any ono versed in such matters it was manifestly a murder, and a moat delib erate one. My ono hope, then, lay in ?making it as mysterious as it was de liberate, by destroying all clue to tho ? motive and manner of tho deed. Pick' ing up the pistol, I carried it into tho ? . other room with tho intention of dean' ing it, but finding nothing there to do it with oamo back for tho handkerchief which I remembered having seen lying on the 'floor at Mr. Leavonworth's feet. It was Miss Bleanoro's, but I did not -; know it till I had used it to clean the barrel j then tiho sift'ht of hor initials in one cornor so shocked mo I forgot to olean the cylinder, and only thought of how I could do away with the evidence of her handkerchief having been em ? ployed for n purpose so suspioious. Not daring to carry it fron- the room, I sought for moans to destroy it, but find ing none, compromised tho matter by Uhrustmg it deep down behind the cush- ion of oue of tho cliairs, in the hope of ' ' being able to recover it some time next day, when an opportunity would be given to burn it. This done, I reloaded the piuvol, locked it up, and prepared to leave the room. But here tho hor , ror wmen usuauy ioiiows suon cieecis, Btruok me like a thunder-bolt and mado me for tihe (irst time uncertain in my action. I locked the door on going out, something I should never hape done if I had been in the full possession of my faculties. Not till I reached tho top of ' the stuars did I roaliqo what I had done, and then it was too late, for there be fore me, candle in hand, and surprise written on every feature of her face, styod Hannah, one of the servants, look ing at me. 'Lor, Bir,' she oried,N but strange to say in a low tone, 'whore have you been? You look as if you had aoen i\ ghost.1' And her oyes, turned Buspioi ously to the key which I hold in my hand, T felt as if someone had clutched mo ;xmnd the throat. Thrusting the key into my pocket, I took a step toward her. 'I will toll you what I have seen if you will come downstairs,' I whis pered, 'the ladios will bo disturbed if we talk horo,' and smoothing my brow as best I could I put out ray hand and drew her toward me. What my motive was I hardly knew; the notion was probably instinctive, but when I saw the look which came iuto her face as. I \--' touched her, and the alacrity with whioh fche prepared to follow me, I took cour age, rememboring the one or two pre vious tokens I had had of this girl's un reasonable susceptibility to my influ ence; a susceptibility wweh l now ieit could be utilised and inado.to serve my purpose. ? Taking her down to the parlor floor, I drew her into the depths of the great drawing-room and there told hor in the ? least alarming way possible what had happened to Mr. Leavenworth.' She was of course intonsoly agitated, but she did not soroam ; — 'the novelty of her po ? »ition evidently awing her as much as it bewildered — and greatly relieved I went on to say that I did not know who com \- mitted tiho deed, but that folks would deolare it was I if they knew I had been seen by her on the' stairs with the li brary key in my hand. 'But I. won't tell,' she whispered, trembling violent ly in hev fright nnd eagerness. 'I will keep it to myself, I will say I didn't aea anybody.' But I soon convinced her that she could nevor keep her secret if the police once began to question her, and following up my argument with a little cajolery, succeeded, after a long while in winning her consent to leave the house till tho storm should bo blown over. But that given, it was some lit tle time before I could make her compre hend that she must depart at once and without going back after her things. Not till I brightened up hor wits by a ? promise to marry her some day, if she ? 1_ _i ? _i i« i i i « oniy ooeyen me now, aid sue uegm to look the thing in the faoe and show any evidence of 'tho real mother wit she evi dently possessed. 'Mrs. Bolden would take me in,' said she, 'it 1 could only get to It ? . She takes everybody in . - who asks her ; and she would keep me, too, if I told her Miss Mary sent me. Bui I can't get there to-night.'* . (To be Continued.) ?-? ' ' . ' ? . ,!».(?*'? *'** lf* \- .':'? ?. ? ? .?'.'.; ,,t ?? - ? ?' ?? ''',?, '??:?? ? ' 