THE SERMON. ON STATED PRAYER. By REV. DR. A. J. CAMPBELL. "Evening and morning and at noon will I pray, and cry aloud: and He Shall hear my voice."-Psalm LV., 17. The writer of this psalm was a man of sorrows. Foes were on every side of him, watching for his halting, and his soul with in him was overwhelmed with spre troubles. Weary and driven, like a hunted bird, he wished that he had the swings of a dove, that he might fly away from the windy storm, and be at rest. By-and-by, how ever, he found that he had got better wings , than those of a dove-wings that would carry him to a surer resting place than the wilderness-even to the bosom o£ his God. So he .betook himself to prayer. He cast his burden upon the Lord, who sent him help from Heaven, and calmed his troubled soul with the assurance that he would not suffer His -righteous servant to be moved. For He was still the mighty God of Jacob, and, though Jacob was still no better than "the worm Jacob," yet would He put strength into him, so that he should thrash the mountains. .Having thus proved the power and great benefit of prayer, the psalmist resolved that henceforth he would have recourse to it-not only in the time of trouble, but re gularly, day by day, and at three fixed times of the day-"evening and morning and at noon." There was much wisdom in this re solution; and we cannot do -better than adopt it. We shall consider, first, the de> sirableness of having stated times of prayer, and, secondly, the suitableness of these three times. THE DESIRABLENESS OF HAVING STATED TIMES. That prayer is a high duty and a blessed privilege no Christian can doubt for a moment. And although men, to whom the thought of God is irksome, can find many reasons why God can neither hear nor an swer prayer, that word of Christ, "Men ought always to pray and not to faint," settles the question. For they intimate that we must do the one or the other. 11 we won't pray for strength we will faint, for want of it. And that we may not be deterred from approaching God because we know not with what words to come into His presence we ought to remember how kindly our Lord met His disciples' request to teach them to pray, and gave them at once a form of prayer which they were to use, and a pattern which they were to fol low. But now a very little experience of the conditions of our life on earth must con vince us that if we would discharge this great duty rightly we must do it regularly. There are so many objects of interest press ing upon our attention- we are bo occupied with our daily cares and business and amusements-that if we were to confine our devotions to such times as we were free from all other engagements, or were suffer ing from some sore trouble, I am afraid that there would be large spaces of our lives un blest by this hallowed exercise. Those ot us who have been prevented at times from observing our private or family prayers at the accustomed hour know bow difficult it is once the tide of the ?.world has set in to make opportunity for supplying the want. This shows that it is not only desirable that we should have set times for prayer, but that we should adhere to them as closely as possible. It may be, as an old divine says, that '"God's door is open to all comers at all times," and that "His court of request keeps no terms." Still, as our other daily duties are observed, each in its proper place and order, this highest duty ot seeking counsel and help from God ought to have a certain place reserved for it, and a regularly recurring tune assigned to it, so that it may never be forgotten or allowed U fall into neglect. . But now someone may inquire, buppose that when the 6et time comes I find myself in a praverless mood, out of temper with myself, discontented .with my condition, and distrusting God, you would not surely have me to go aowu upon my knees and per petrate the mockery of prayer in that un holy state of mind?' Certainly not, if you are determined to keep yourself in that evil > state. But if you wish to escape from it, or even if you only ?feel that you ought to wish it, there is nothing better you can do than pray. Only, use no mere formal ut terances, but out of the darkness and the depths of your distress cry aloud unto God -nnd plead for deliverance. Again, I may be asked, 'Is there not a danger, if we keep ourselves to stated times, that -all our prayers may degenerate into such formal and lifeless utterances? And must not lie be regarded as the most ex emplary Christian who, walking closely with God, liolds constant communication with Him, and turns everything that hap pens into a present occasion for prayer-his wishes into petitions, lie faults into con fessionfi, h*6 pleasant things into joyful thanksgivings." And yet experience shows us that the religion even of good men is placed in ^extreme jeppardy wlien they for sake the assembling of themselves together "as the manner t)f some is, Dr fail to ob serve the appointed seasons of prayer. There .are, 1 know, .some men who iiave persuaded themselves that they PaJr the highest honour to the Sabbath, for example, TPhen they .put aside the -weekly observance of it and spend the whole seven days in the spirit of it. But this plan does not suc ceed. As Frederick Robertson, of Brigh ton, confessed. For while, in 1853, he spoke of the Sabbath as a shadow which had vanished away, and which Christians .were, wrong in 'treating as stiU . .subsisting realign 1856 lie told Ms We^ fliAt wn les§ flrey had reached a very lofty height, of spiritual attainment they -must not ai6-' of gwace-told them especially that, *imsse they were extraordinary Christians, it was at their peril if they failed to "'Remember: the Sabbath day to keep itholy." The foot , is that;' although 'Christianity is a most in waadand spiritual thing, it, .must far the , present submit, in some way .or other, to (be tarfbodiad. (For tfust Sfe steaih "sis «tepng;, so ^long *s "it is confined, Tmt loses its -stEongth. >. the ^jnajnant^ 4t.. becomes.. free, so our .religion jmust .take -on -"some definite -form of iSiougnt or speech, of work er worship, -otkerwdap it twill be tiolJSiB to mb b]at .« 'lasty dream, tftiBating ^ofeeg^ shadow of a cloud impresses the mountain side. We corns now to the second point pro posed for our consideration. THE SUITABLENESS OF THE PSALMIST'S nm And there can be no question that, if we are to observe stated times, those selected by the Psalmist, "evening, morning, and at noon," are the most suitable. They are the moBt natural, for they are suggested by that beautiful Divine arrangement by which, instead of one never-ending day of aim twilight, our; time is divided into alternate periods of darkness and of light. I am not 6ure that we sufficiently appreciate the magnificence and simplicity oi the celestial machinery by wh'ich men's works are regulated, and theyj themselves are governed. Just as in that -most useful of human machines-the watch j -we have three Stands, teiling us the mo-] ments, minutes, and hours a6 they pass, bo" in the framework of the Heavens we have i the revolution of the earth on its own axis, measuring our days-of the moon, round the earth, measuring our months; and of the earbh round the sun. measuring our years. And the delightful thing about it is that the continual and countless motions of this grand timepiece make less noise than the ticking oi your watch. More over, it needs neither cleaning nor winding up;-and it never stops, and never goes wrong. And, beet of all, we, however clever we may think ourselves, can neither reach it nor alter it at our pleasure. And so with out any quarrd between man and man, or any controversy between man and his maker, the business of this world goes on under ibs resistless sway. The Psalmist's order of prayer begins, as the first day of creation began, with the evening. Man's work for the day is over then, and so, though he may be weary, he is thankful, and feels disposed to give thanks to the .good God, who, like a father caring for his children, has cared for him has kept his feet from falling, and his eyes from tears, and his soul from death. At the same time, being conscious that during that day he has done many things amiss, and has come short of the glory oi God, he. confesses his sins, and pleads for pardon and cleansing in the blood of Christ, and so he commits himself to that peaceful slumber from which he hopes to rise in the morning rested and refreshed. And then, when the new day brings a new gift of life, and he finds, his weariness all gone, again be thanks God for the blessings of the night, and, commending himself anew to His care, begs heavenly strength to run that day's race with patience, and fight the good fight of faith. But, now, you will remember that the Psalmist's purpose went beyond the even ing and morning prayer. To these he added noon. And, here again, if we are to have a third stated time, certainly the midday hour is the most appropriate. At 12 o'clock the sun has run half his race, and the labourer, having done half his work, rests from his toil, and refreshes himself with hie frugal meal. How natu- j tal that the Christian should make a pause at that half-way point, and reanimate his faith and hope by a few minutes' inter course with his heavenly Father. Our even ing and morning prayers, coming together with only an unconscious interval between, do not penetrate the day, do not pass in among the actions and transactions of the world, and, if there is danger of our get ting exhausted and giving way to sinful tempers during the heat and burden of the day, it is of the utmost importance that we should renew our strength by prayer at noon as well as at night. The working man needs three meals to sustain his body. Ls it likely that the soul will do its work on less? This noonday prayer need not be a for mal matter. * If you cannot "enter into your chamber," pray where you are-at your business, on the street, or in the field. Such a prayer, sincerely offered, might ar rest you when you were about to close with some proposal which might, perhaps, enrich you, but which would stain your character, and might eventually ruin you. It is our custom, perhaps, in any great dif ficulty to Beek counsel from some trusted friend. If we have any intricate matters on hand, in which we have to deal with subtle and not over-honest men, ought we not, while that business i6 proceeding, to lift our prayer to Him who sees through all darkness, and cast ourselves on His guidance. In a great battle, while the gene ral was trying to make out the movements of the enemy, a sudden gust of wind, roll ing back the eloud of smoke, revealed them clearly to him, and that momentary glance won him the day. That is precisely what the noonday prayer would accomplish for us. It would give us a clear insight into the heart of the things -we were engaged with, and ft clear outlet from the difficulties and dangers which lay round us. I shall now conclude these genera! re marks with A SPECIFIC PROPOSAL. It may be that "more things are wrought bv prayer than this world dreams of," but there is one thing which it has not wrought yet. And the pity is that it. is -the one thing which, above all others, the world needs. It is nineteen hundred years since this earth came into posses sion of that Name by which alone, but by which all men alike, may be saved; and yet the greater part of it is still lying in the Wicked One, covered with the dark ness and the vileness and the cruelties ol' heathenism; not because the churches have been altogether idle, for during the pre sent century they have set up no end of societies, sent forth a host of missionaries, and scattered millions of JBibles among the nations. ? But*the results of their work have been disappointing. We may liken it to the reticulation of a great city, in which the pipes have been fully laid, but the water supply is ^miserably insufficient; or to a great factory, equipped with the best machinery, but which can he barely kept going ior want of more driving power. The 3?salmist tells lis that in his time -the river of God was full of water, and that one day it would .flood find fertilise the earth, but to us it seems as if long since that river had_gone nearly dry. Then Our Lord, before 33$ left His disciples, assured them that He mrould 6end them the Holy ! Ghost, who "would-'abide with them for ever, and would "convince the world of sin and of righteousness and oT 'judgment."" And we .know hbw grandly that promise was fulfilled, and how, on the very day of His -coming from on high, the Spirit con vinced 3,000 sinners of their sin; but we see no such aach outpouring of the Spirit-no such Almighty quickening and saving of dead souls noy. This, thai, 4® our crying want, our indis pensable necessity. And at is to -be got by prayer. "If ye then, being evil,, know how to give good gifts unto your children, how much more shall your Heavenly Father Wive the Holy Spirit to, them that ask Him." And so the proposal which I would .now, "very humbly, irat very earnestly, sub-" .wit is that we shall form a great prayer union, embracing all believers, who shall; agree K&s; their Lord ^desires them, Mot J xviii.j aft) tojiray, evening, Adorning. - 