THE VANISHED SQUIRE OF CRAYSWOOD CHASE. Bf" S. E. Cooper, in "Newcastle Weekly Chronicle." "And that is Jasper Grayswood, the Vanished Squire!" Jack Grayswood and I were dawdling away a very wet morning in the picture gallery of Grayswood Chase, when he suddenly stopped before the portrait of a very handsome man and made the above remark. "The Vanished Squire!" I repeated "that is an odd designation, how did he manage to earn it?" "Simply by disappearing for good and all one night, and leaving no clue as to how or why he went," Jack replied. "Queer that," I cominented. "Who was the next heir? Perhaps-he could have accounted for it?" "No; I should fancy not. He and his brother Ralph, the next in succession there he is" (Jack pointed' to a dark- fea turad man with no pretensions to good looks, and with evil lines round his rather cruel-looking mouth), "had al ways been on the most affectionate terms: besides, Ralph was away in the North at the time, and did not return for fully a week after. The likeliest expla nation, in my opinion, is that Jasper left the house' to keep a secret appointment w'th some of the Royalists (the Grays woods were staunch Jacobites, and it was just after the battle of Worcester), anl falling in with some of the other party was made away with. However, one thing, is certain: after supping as usual' with the chaplain, he retired tq.dbis rcom and was never seen again." f.. "If he departed under such mysterious circumstances. I should think his 'ghst ought to walk." I suggested jokingly. "So it does, or at least there is somw thing uncanny about his room, though what it is has never been exactly known: the only two people who ever tried to sleep in it after his disappear ance having been found-so the tale runs -raving madmen in the morning. But to spend a night in that gloomy hole would be almost enough to turn one's brain without anything supernatural to help, according to my fancy. It is in th, old part of the house-do you care to have a look at it?" I assented; so we left the gallery and made our way into the west wing, the only part of the original mansion still sanding. The room certainly was gloomy enough. It was a large low apartment. panelled all round with oak which had become black with age. The ceiling was of th'e same wood, and at each of Its corners was a projecting c:.rved head, a hideous, grotesque object, that -looked like a goblin peeping through from the floor above. The only light was admitted through one narrow window, a mere slit. high up in the wall. The hangings to that and the huge bedstead, which looked as if It ha - been made to accommodate a whole family, were of a dark. dingy gieen. The furniture was also of blackened oak. "I say, Jack. I'm bothered if I won't try la night here." I said, when I had taken in all these details. What induced me to come to that reso lution I could not have explained, for I certainly was not then a believer in the supernatural. Jack laughed. "Not if I know it: you won't! I'm not going to be responsible for the overthrow of your mental balance, old chap," he said. "If you want to go ghost-hunting, you had better watch for Ralph's. It is said that it may be seen entering the little door in the north wall and creeping up the turret stairs to this wing. If you put on your overcoat, you'll be more comfortable than in this dungeon of a place." But this proposal did not present any at tractions to me: I was pxosessed with the fancy to spend a night in Jasper's room, and, being an obstinate man. I soon over ruled all Jack's objections. When bedtime came, instead of going to the comfortable bedroom the housekeeper had prepared for me. I provided myself with a good supply of rugs and cushions, and repaired to the mysterious apart ment. I had no idea of looking for a ghost: my only wish was to sleep in the room: so I rolled myself in the rugs, and, lying down on the top of the bed, I soon entered the land of dreams. I had slept for some time. when I was suddenly awakened by an intense cold nce- on my right side. It was as if a block of ice had been laid beside me. I got off the bed, intending to get another wrap from the chair on which I had plac ed it; but even as I did so my eye fell on the pillow I had just quitted - another sleeper was there, and his face was the face of the Vanished Squire,Jasper Grays wood! Half doubting the evidence of my senses. I stood gazing at the. apparition till a slight sound near the door caused me to look in that direction. I had just time enough to see. Ralph Grayswood enter the room. He was wearing a riding suit, the mud staits on which and the blood on the rowels of his spurs plainly indl cating that he had ridden both fast and far. He stood looking into the room for a mo ment, and then, advancing to the bedside, he shook the sleeper sharply. The latter's eyes opened almost imme diately, and, as they did so his brother bent over him, his lips moving as if he were speaking, though no sound" audible tomy ears escaped them.. That he!was indeed making some important communi cation was evident from the intense ex citement his brother evinced, and the haste. with which he sprang from the bed and began to put on his dressing gown; at the same time he'appeared to be questioning Ralph with the utmost eager ress. When he had finished his scanty toilette, he took the lighted lamp which his bro ther had placed on the table, and, crossing the room. he dragged one of the heavy chairs beneath a.small picture about nine inches square. He mounted the chair and quickly removed this picture from the nail on which it hung: then he passed his fingers down the middle of the vacant space. evidently pressing somewhat heav ily till that part of the pannelling sudden ly disappeared, leaving a dark aperture less in size than the picture. Jasper thrust his arm through this, apparently feeling for some object lower down inside, for a few minutes later the whole side of the room began to glide away. slopping only when an opening from floor to ceil ing of about two feet wide was exposed. Both brothers passed through this, and evidently began to descend some steps, for they went gradually lower and lower, till they quite disappeared. All this time I had been watching them as if they had been but actors on the boards of a theatre, and now I wait ed to see what would hapen next, as one waits for the rising of the curtain on the last scene of a new and interesting play. In about ten minutes Ralp re-appear ed-alone, and with a look of malevolent triumph on his saturnine countenance. He replaced the panelling, restored the picture to its place, and, after a glance round the room, hurried to the door and went out. The mystery of Jasper Grayswood's disappearance was at last cleared up ! His brother had murdered him, and, doubtless, his bones were still moulder ing in some secret underground cham ber. Ralph had returned unknown to everyone and entered the house by some private means (perhaps by that door in the turret stairs of which Jack had spoken), executed his fell purpose, and retired unseen, to return later in such a manner that no suspicion could well fall on him. I felt that I must find that hidden, unhallowed grave; but I must confess my courage was not equal to undertak ing the task alone, and so, though :it was only half past one, I went to arouse Jack. "You've been dreaming, old man," he said, with a laugh, when he was at last sufliciently awake to comprehend what I had to tell him. "Why, there isn't such a place as you describe! My uncle show ed me all the secret passages and hid ing-places, and there isn't one near that room. Just you trot off and go to bed I-in your own room, and in the morning I'll initiate you into the mysteries." But I was positive what I had seen was no dream, and at length Jack got up--"to go on a wild goose chase," as he grumblingly said. It was easy enough to take the picture down, but to find the hidden spring was another thing, and Jack became more and more positive of its non-existence. Let's go to bed, and not stop here making such blessed asses of ourselves," he said at length, crossly. But at that very instant my fingers lighted on the spring; to find the one be low was less difficult as therqwas a pro jecting knob, and then, to my friend's intense astonishment, the wjll moved as I had described. He was now as eager as myself for further exploration, and we began to descend the steps. They were very narrow and steep, winding spirally till they landed us in a long passage, which ended in another tortuous flight. "Where the dickens are we getting to?" asked Jack, as we went down these; "the knowledge of this place must have got lost somehow; for I'm certain my uncle did not know of it." The last step left us facing an iron clam ped door,secured withtwoimmensebolts. With some difficulty we withdrew these and dragged the door open, to find our selves on the threshold of a small chainm be:', in the centre of which was a couch, and on the couch an object at which we both gazed with bated breath. It was a man, or ,rather,- the remains of onie! The dryness of the atmosphere had shrivelled "the remains to a mummy in stead of allowing them to decay in the usual way, and it"was easy to recognise th,' features as those of Jasper Grays iwood. On a small table was a lamp. long since burned dry, and a set of tablets, on which was written: "If my remains are ever found, let the finder know that they are those of a murdered man, and that the murderer is my brother, Ralph. He roused "me from sleep last night, telling me that His Majesty the King was in the neigh borhood seeking a safe hiding-place, and thb,- expressing a desire to see that all wax. in readiness in this place (we had somewhat prepared it for this purpose long ago), he lured me down here, where, taking advantage of my back being turned, he closed the door and left me. Of rescue I know there is no hope, for none could hear my cries, and none know of this chamber save he and I, it being always the rule of our house that its ex istence be revealed to but two of its members at the same time. MIvy my death come speedily!-J.asper Grays wood." A few nights later, a coffin was smug gle;' down that secret stairway, and the remains of the unfortunate man were quietly carried away to the family vault. 