WAR NOTES. Among recent arrivals at Lourenco Mar- ! nnpz isgpe Xaeaienast-CMjoael Gourk«, who goes to South Africa as a delegate of ?the Czar's army, and three ot'lftf, Russian officers, who intend to assists t'he .Bogrs against the British. These officers-a cap tain and two lieutenants-have received papers from Dr. Leyds, duly giving them rank in the Transvaal forces, but they are going to the seat of war at their own ex pense. It is further stated that the move ment in favor of t'he Boers is gradually ex tending in Russiaand that both officers and.soldiers are asking to be allowed to go to South Africa in order to join the bur ghers of t'he two Republics there. A weal thy Lithuanian landowner is reported to be organising a corps of 300 volunteers, whom he intends to send at his own ex pense to the Transvaal. Pi-ivate J. Arg'ent, of the 3rd Grenadiers, in a letter to h'is parents at Swansea, says -"At the'battle of Belmont Ave fought hand to hand. I was just 'behind David St. John when 'he was shot. He stuck his bayonet right through a Boer, and could not get it out again. He tried to throw the man- over his shoulder to get him oft and then another Boer .came up, and shot turn through t'he head. Then another of our men put his bayonet through that. Boer's heart." Here is a grim picture from a British private's letter:-One of our fellows was talking 'to a parson who went over the 'bat tlefield of Elands Laagte a day after the fight. He says there were -terrible sights, the most awful of Which was a Boer sitting down quite naturally, wick a bayonet clean through him, and about six inches of the muzzle of tlie rifle as well, While the Toimny who had given the mighty thrust was lying -down as if asleep, with a small bullet Hole in his forehead. The Boer was grasping the (barrel of the rifle with both hands, and his eyes were staring our. straight; in front of 'him, with a horrified look in them, as if he had seen a ghost. The Boer ''Volkstem" believes that Mr. Churchill escaped disguised as a woman. It reports that tlie last book he borrowed from the Pretoria Free Library was "Mill on Liberty." He. effected his escape on December 12. Previously he had sent a letter to General Joubert, stating that he was a newspaper correspondent, and had taken no part in the fighting. On the day following his escape the reply from General Joubert arrived. The letter wrote that Mr. -Churchill had 'been detained owing to the reports in the Natal papers that owing to his bravery and exertions the Bri tish armored train at Chieveley had es caped. The general added that Mr. Church ill was unknown to him personally, but he .would take his word that he was a non combatant,' and 'accordingly he ordered the correspondent to be released.- The order for the release arrived ten hours after Mr. Churchill's escape from custody. . Second Lieutenant C. E._ Kinahan, of the Royal Irish Fusiliers, writing to his father, Mr. G. P. }vinahan, Bagshott, from Statts inodel Sehule, Pretoria, says:-"We were all taken prisoners, together with the Glou cester Regiment and a battery of Mountain Artillery, and marched to the Boer laager, and sent off that night to a station 20 miles distant in waggons. While we were in their laager they treated us extremely well, and .gave us food and tobacco. . All you read about the Boers in England is abso lutely untrue. They are most kind to the wounded and prisoners, looking after them as well asl their own wounded, and any thing they've got they will give you if you ask them, even if they deprive themselves. We came up to Pretoria in first-class sleep ing carriages, and the way they treated us was most considerate, feeding us and giv ing us coffee every time we stopped. The3 day ? we arrived we took up quarters on. the racecourse, hut we have been moved into a fine brick build ing with 'baths, electric light, &e.; They provide us with everything, from clothes down to tooth brushes. They also feed us, and we are 'constantly getting presents of vegetables and cigars from private peonle. In fact, we can have everything we like except our liberty; 'for same reason or other they won't at present give us parole, and we are surrounded by sentries'. There are close upon 50 officers in this building, and they have got any amount of wounded ones in different places. They say thev won't exchange the officers at any price." A long and interesting letter has bsin received in London by -the friends of Lieu tenant Stirling, an officer in the King's* Royal Rifles. He gives some terrible par ticulars of the Talama Hill engagement, in which Colonel Gunning fell. He says that the Britisn 'artillery mistook his regi ment for the Boers, and began firing on them. Colonel Gunning, who was close to the writer, stood up and shouted "Stop that firing." In another moment he was seen to fall dead, probably, according to the lieutenant's letter, from the effects of the British artillery, fire. The "Natal Witness" tells a story of how the captain in a regiment in Natal, when paying his company the other week, chanced to give a Transvaal half- crown, which, as one would naturally expect, bears the image and superscription of President Kru'ger. The man brought the I coin back to the pay table and said it was a bad half-crown. The officer took the coin, and, without looking at it, rang it on the table, and then, remarked, "It sounds all right, Atkins. What's -wrong witli it'!" "You look at it, sir," was the reply. The captain glanced at the coin, saying-"It's all right, man; it will pass in the canteen." This apparently satisfied Atkins, who walked off, making the re mark, "If you say it's a' right, sir, it's a' right: but it's the first time I've seed the Queen wi' whiskers on." 