CHAPTER VII. Lil's first mad impulse was to rush to Nadine, and tell her that a thief had entered the room in her absence and stolen the' Blue Diamond; but she no sooner felt this impulse than she checked it. A strange trembling seized her, her eyes felt dim, she, could not even see clearly. She looked vacantly round her, shook ,the handkerchief,. gazed at the 'empty banidbox, and finally staggered to the nearest chair; she was quite cold and she felt sick. It seemed' absolutely impossible to believe that . the diamond was gone. The room had under gone no special cleaning in her absence. How could anyone .have. dis covered the bandbox hidden on top of the wardrobe? The sick faint feeling which pos sessed her was so strong that she could not even at first think coherently. At last, however, her physical discom fort passed, and she 'was able to bring her mind *to bear upon the matter. Beyond doubt ,a frightful thing had oc curred. She had been entrusted with the care of a diamond of almost untold value the night before. The diamond had vanished. Was it possible that she would be suspected of stealing it? But no-of course not. In all this cruel 'world no one could be quite, so cruel as that. But all the same she did not know what to think, nor what to do. Her dread of Nadine grew greater and greater the more she thought over matters. Her first natural desire to tell her the truth became now im possible. The imminence of the peril she was in forced 'her to some sort of action. She could not confide in Temple, for evidently one of Mrs. Temple's greatest terrors was that her husband should know anything of the diamond. Sud denly ehe thought of Hubert. Black sheep as he was, terrible as .his pre sent plight was, 'he was at least a man of the world, he might advise her what to do. He could give her intelligent advice at least. The thought of going to him became more and more the only thing possible to be done. She hastily 'put on her hat and jacket. In a few moments she would be out of the house where Nadine lived. That alone gare her a sense of i comfort. She ran downstairs. She let herself out without anyone seeing her. She called a hansom, and gave the man Hubert's address, and was quickly taken there. She jumped out, paid her fare, and ran upstairs.' Hubert's rooms were on 'the third floor. She knocked at his door, quick steps immediately crossed the room, 'the Door was flung open, and Hubert appeared on the threshold. "Oh, I say, little Lil," he cried, "this is nice." "I want to speak to you," she said. "Come in," he answered, "come in." He took her hand and pulled her into the room, closing the Goor immediately behind her. "Have you brought me the chink, Lil?" he said, in a whisper, "No, I have not. Hugh, I have come on my own account; I am in the most awful trouble." "You in trouble? Why, what has happened? Has Strong bolted with another girl?" "Oh. don't speak of Dick now, he is away in Brittany; this has nothing L.whatever to do with him., Hubert, 'there is no one else that I can confide in. Perhaps I am doing a mad and foolish thing to speak to you, but I must-I must." "It is rather a compliment, seeing the way you have all been looking down on me lately, to turn to me now as a source of .strength," replied Hubert. "Speak out, old girl. If you have got into a scrape you'll find 1 me wondrous kind- fellow-feeling, you l know-and all that sort of thing." "Hugh do-do hear me." "I will in a moment, but first of all tell me how the governor is. I didn't expect to see you back in London to Snight." "He is better; be recovered con 3 sciousness last night. I saw mother and the girls. They would not let me see him for fear of startling him. 1 When I found I was not wanted I re turned to town." "I am glad 'he is better," answered 3 Lawford. "Poor old Governor." His face suddenly grew thoughtful, the light from a lamp fell on it. There I was a time when he had been the handsomest member of the Lawford family, but that time had long gone by. In those blondshot eyes and bloated features there was little of the Sold grace left. Nevertheless, just then I a gleam of the old beauty visited his face. It was awakened by the mention Sof his father's name. "Poor old governor!" he said 'again softly. "I am more sorry than I can I say. Do you think, Lil, that I--I in any way have been responsible for this attack?" "Let your own conscience speak to Syou, Hugh. I?Lo not know, but I fear it." "God knowm s I am a' bad lot," he said. He walked across the room, looked out into the moonlit street, and then returned to his sister. "He is better, and that is something. You have been talking to mater about me, of course. .Can she get me out of my present beastly mess? Of course, I dan understand 'the goverqor is not to be troubled. It rests with the mater whether she can raise the five hundred or it rests with you to speak to Temple on the subject." "Yes, yes, I understand, and perhaps something can be done," sold Lil; "but for the inoment I must speak for my Sself. I am quite bewildered; I have Shad a fearful lose, and it affects my nerves. Last night Beatrix showed me her jewels. Amongst others was one of which I ought not to speak, and yet c I must tell you. It was a great-" I "Diamond, was it?" said Hubert, suddenly. His whole face altered; he I became keen, alert, watchful. He sat down near Lil, and looked her full in I the face. "Go on," he said, "go on." "It was a diamond," she repeated, "a very valuable diamond. It was called-" "Not "the Blue Diamond? Don't tell me it was called the Blue Diamond," interrupted Hubert "Yes, Hugh, yes. Why,.do you know about itt? .Can you tell me anything?" "I am not sure-it is just possible. What Providence sent you here to night? Wad it Providence or the Devil? Go on, ;speak, I am all at tention." "Beatrix is completely under the power of a Russian woman called Nadine," continued Lil; "she has never told her husband that she possesses this diamond, but she showed it to me. She said she was under no pro mise not to tell me about it, and it would comfort :her to know that I 'had seen it." "Hlow much money would it fetch, Lil? Five hundred pounds?" "It seemed to be almost priceless!" replied .il, "as far as I can tell-a very large stone with a blue light. .It has a 'liistory." "Of course -it is celebrated; I told you I had heard of it before. Well, go' on." "We were both looking at this treasure when we heard Jack's step on. the stairs, and Beatrix lost her nerve and thrust the precious thing into my hands and asked me to keep it for the night. I was terribly afraid to keep it, but there was no help for it, for Bee was on the verge of hysterics. I took the thing to my room and" looked at it, for it fascinated me; it was most dazzling and lovely, but it had an evil look in 'it. I felt that it might hurt me. I meant Ito take -it back to Beatrice \- -the next morning, when Jack saw me and said that father was ill, and it was arranged that I should start by a very early train in order to get ,to Stamford as soon as possible. I could not take the diamond back to Bee, so I hid it. i I hid it in an old box on the top of the wardrobe; I thought no one would find it." ! "Yes, go' on." "Why, Hugh, you have quite a queer look on your face." "I tell you I lhave got just the ghost of a clue; there -may be nothing in it, 3 but go on, Lil. You hid it, and you went down to see the governor." "I 'hid it," replied Lil, "and I went t to the country. The first thing i I heard on my return was that Nadine had come back unexpectedly. About an hour ago she came to my room and said that her mistress had sent her to i ask me to give back the diamond. I t would not show 'her my poor little t hiding-place, I promised to bring it g in a moment or .two. She left the room. Y I took the -bandbox from the top of the wardrobe, Hugh, and opened it. The d treasure was gone!" d "I guessed that," replied Hubert. e "I don't know who has taken it; I if only know that it nas quite gone. t Hugh, what is to become of me?" "They cannot suspect you of having 0 stolen it," said Hubert. y "I hope not; they would not dare to. r But I am terribly troubled. I don't s know what I shall do. I am so terri 1 fled of that woman." y "But no one could suppose that you g would steal it. But describe it to me, e Lil, what was it like?" "I don't know whether I ought to tell s you, but I suppose I must." "I cannot help you if you don't. This I. is a case for the keenest detectives in London. You must tell me all you can, o Lii." y Lil began to describe the Blue Dia mond. Hubert listened attentively. After a time he took a pencil from his pocket, and drawing a sheet of note e paper towards him made a sketch of ;t the diamond as Lil described it. She remembered it well, and could speak s of it with a certain amount of accuracy. h "And it weighed how much?" he asked. s "I don't know," replied Lil. g "From your account of the size it t, must weigh considerably over one e hundred carats. A sone of that mag d nitude would fetch any price. This is I exciting, Lil; and as I said I think I have got the ghost of a clue. You must g go home quietly now 'and say nothing. g If I am light in -my conjectures you K shall hear from me in the morning." d "I cannot imagine wnat you know, u the mystery thickens." d "Nor can I tell you, my dear. You a won't forget to do something for me, will you, Lil? You won't forget how imminent and terrible my peril is?" .1 "If I do anything it will be for t mother's and father's sake," replied the \- girl. "Oh, I am bewildered. This last blow seems too much!" \- "And yet the reprobate brother may r get you out of your scrape," said the e young man. "I will go down stairs i. with you and put you into a hansom." As Huibert spoke he opened the door, and 'he and Lil left the room. He hailed d a hansom, put her in, and she drove 5 back to the Temples' house. The first e person she met on the stairs was e Nadine. e "So you have been out, miss," said d the woman, giving her a keen glance. e "You have not yet given me that which SI seek." e "After dinner," said Lii, "after din a ner; I have only just time to dress a now. How is your mistress" a "Very ill." "Can I see her this evening?" a "Certainly not " a "She is not coming down to dinner, a then?" s "Down to dinner? I have just sent for the doctor. She has been doing a o great deal too much. Well, Miss Law r ford, I shall expect you to let me have the stone to-nigh;t." e Lilias made no answer. She ran to I, her room. Her heart was heavier 'than f before, but there was also a great ex citement over her. She did not under . stand Hugh, and had a fear lurking at t the bottom of her heart which she did f not dare to exanmine. She dressed for ,dinner, and when the second gong t sounded, ran down to the drawing r room. Temple was there waiting for d her. He looked anxious and worried. e "So you have come back, Lil? That is right," he said. "Is your father s better?" .t Lilas gave him a brief account of \- the state of things at the rectory. e "We had better go into dinner now," y he said. He offered her his arm. There e was a small table drawn up near the e fire laid for two. Lilias seated herself opposite Jack Temple, and the meal iroceeded. Temple ate very little. He seemed much perturbed about something and was very taciturn. Once or twice Lil looked at him and saw that he seemed to forget her presence in the room. He scarcely touched his food. At last the dreary meal came to an end and the servants withdrew. The moment they did so Jack sprang to his feet. "It is Providence Who has brought you back;" he 'said. "Now I want to consult. you.". ".What about, Jack?" "'About Nadine. She has returned, and in a few hours has undone all the good you and I tried to do to poor Beatrix. Bee is really worse than I have seen her since baby's birth. I am alarmed. Bee clings to Nadine, and does not want anyone else in the room. The doctor has been, and says he cannot understand t'his sudden re lapse. What 'does it mean, Lil?" "It means," said Lil, "that Nadine ought ;o.,:go." "I know; but how are we to get rid of her? My wife clings to her, and yet if this goes on she villl die." Lil roused herself, anxious as she was on her own account, and told Jack of the little incident of Baby being taken to his mother by Nadine. "Yes, Bee will never care for 'that child as long as that woman is here. Lil, you are very clever, can you not think' of some way to get rid of her? Once she was out of. the house and her pernicious influence removed, Bee would come to herself and recover her health." To be Continued. One or two London papers have neen surprised that Sir George Grove should have left £ 30,000 of personality, be sides some valuable real property, ob tained by music. As a matter of .fact, Sir George Grove's own savings were of small amoun't, but two or three years 'ago, explains 'the "World," he received the bequest of a large sum from his brother, the well-known fish monger at Charing Cross. A very weak solution of cariolic acid and water sponged over the tilair and skins of persons and animals will drive away insects and prevent their bites. 