The "New "Valet. Bf Hajjold Macfablaxk, in the English Illustrated Magazine When Tom Preston entered the apartment wlucli was known to the friend of Sir George Bellairs as Geonres Den. he found the. oc- cupier evidently busily engaged on business, a phase of Sir George's life that he had never come in con tact with before. Sit down,' suggested Sir Geoige, , pointing with a quill to a capacious i arm-chair. 'Shan't be a moment.' Tom Preston took the proffered seat and watched his friend, whose actions, to say the least of it, were rather extraordinary. Before the baronet was a large sheet of paper propped up against a dainty bronze Pierrette, nearer to him an open cheque-book, the pages of which he tilled up with a speed suggestive of a life being at the stake and dependent upon him accomplished the task before him in record time. A cheque, when filled up, was at once torn from the book and thrown on the floor, still wet, to stand its 1 ch.mceofbeingrenderedundecipher- i able ; the book tmished was thrown into the waste paper basket, and Sir George, leaning over, gathered the accumulated litter of cheques lying on the floor in his liands, and with a few sundry shakes and pats reduced the bundle to a packet of more or less neatness. Hate paying bills — always do vhem this way: saves time,' he said, by way of explanation. 'Uiu,' replied his visitor, and do you never fill in the counterfoils and always throw away that part of the book ?' ' Bank Johnnie always fills np pass-hook in his best copperplate, so what's the nse of my keeping a separate account ?' he queried. ' Well for the sake of comparison for one thing, and ' ' Why, I know old Sir Henry intimately, dine with him, smoke his cigars : he could no more plunder a poor orphan than fly.' - Tom Preston was a man of busi ness, and he considered the care less way in which Sir George trans acted it as somewhat hopeless, thereupon lie changed the con versation with all despatch. ' I got your note this evening,' he said, by way of breaking the ice. ' And came along at once, like a good fellow,' continued Sir Geoige, as though he did not know per fectly well that Tom Preston would travel with pleasure from end to end of the kingdom at the behest of such a well-known man about town as he was. Well,' he continued, 'you are probably aware that the old Sir George instead of leaving his pro perty to me, as he had brought me up to believe he would, thought fit to will it to various charities.' ' I was awfully sorry,' began the other, wondering if he was about to lie invited to make a loan. ' Thanks — well, you are also aware that ' Fearnought ' funked the last fence at Aintree the other d«j- V Preston nodded a nod of acquiescence. ' The combined result of the two disasters is that I am desirous of knowing what you will give me for the funiture, effects, .ind other appointments of the highly desirable bachelor's es tablishment know as 'George's Don.' ' You don't mean to say f ' Quite, quite gravelled/ replied Bellairs airily. ' Now gentlemen, what, offers for this lot ? Nobody make a little bid V ' I say, Bellairs, Tin beastly sorry to hear tliis about you. Of course you can count on me with, regard io these, but we'll have 'cm pro perly valued,' and he nodded around at the Lares and Penates of lis host. 'But what on earth are you going to do with yourselt i Evidently giving up a bachelor establishment/ 'You're a good fellow, Preston, and I'm much obliged to you for taking the sticks off my hands. As for the future, I have an idea. I said to myself, "George, you -are no business man ' ' You certainly are not/ Mr. Preston acquiesced. 'And you write a villainous hand, George,' continued Bellairs, ' Therefore, you cannot become a clerk, and you haven't the capital to start a wine-merchant's business or the heat to foist your goods down the throats of your friends. If you took to cab-driving, your acquaintances would feel obliged to give half-a-crown instead of your legal shilling, which would he cadging under another form. They. wAisl/lw'i- oiwianf T7/1T1 f/H iillA AriflV, and you haven't got a sufficiently artistic eye to sweep a crossing properly. She only tiling yon do /i rights is to dress yourself as wel,' »£ not better, than anyone else in £?» valaahle combines these two, ' tributes cannot fail to class valet.' Think, my Men , v 'Great Scott, I cannot qthim- . , you— you a k»u" earifej don't yon get. qtnArried' queried he astounded Thomas. ' Hy dear falfa% JPd ratiier be u valet than many , for "money -any day." clothing, bracing railway fares, tips to ser vants and hotel bills, run me info well over a thousand, with other little odds and ends. Now, my man Jim enjoys all the advantages of free board, lodging and clothing, together with an immunity of tips except the receiving of them, arid over and above them all receives his wages — considering all - things, in my opinion, he ought to con tribute towards the State a sum represented by eightpence in the ; pound on an annual income of at least a thousand guineas. Servants don't know how well off they are unless they have been masters, otherwise their gratitude would be nmrwkelinincr — as mine will he ' But seriously, Bellairs, what do you expostulated Preston. ' My dear fellow, Tm as serious as — as anything,' responded Sir George blithely. ' If I applied for the post of sub -under-deputy secre tary to any of my friends, I should, if I got the situation, be simply living on their charity; now as valet to a man who does not know the ropes as well as I do: — well, I should give him a jolly good quid pro quo. I shall take the greatest interest in my man, and it won't be my fault he doesn't fairly bristle with savoir /aire.' Hut dash it ali, man, said Preston despairingly. ' How about your friends — you might have to stay at their houses and all that V 'They'll have to put up with that, and if they meet me anywhere about I shall expect them to smile pleasantly and say, ' Morning Bellairs, pleasant !' — or ' disgust ing,' as the case may be—' weather ain't it V and I'll do the rest Bless you, I know better than to make things uncomfortable; I should get the sack, you know, if people stop ped inviting my man because they were afraid of meeting me. Don't you make any mistake. Cabby-knows his fare/ Sir George passed a silver box towards his visitor. 'Have one of your own cigars,' he said cheerily. II. The many acquaintances of Bellairs only laughed when they first herd of the freak from Pres ton, who had been requested by Ids friend to spread the news and save him the awkwardness of im parting it himself, and they chaffed him unmercifully on being so successfully spoofed ' by his principal in - the affair. As time went on, and Bellairs was no where seen in his usual haunts, various reports were circulated concerning his absence from his club and his circle ; by some it was said that he had gone abroad, others smiled knowingly, aware of nothing and being without sufficient imagina tion to invent anything plausible It was left to the Hon. William Dunerrock to unravel the mystery, which he did accidentally or 'twould never have been "done at all He entered the club hurriedly and ordored a cherry-and-bitters. ' Hallo, Willy ! seen a ghost or been motored V queried a friend. 'Ghost,' replied the gentleman addressed. ' Just went round to see Bellairs — door opened by Bel lairs himself Hallo, Georgie/ said L 'Run you to earth.' 'A very fine morning indeed,' he replied. 'Please step this way.' He then opened the door of his den, allowed me to walk in, and said, 'Mr. Dunerrock — just like that, and I found myself faring that bounder Preston. 'Hi !' I said, but Fur blessed if the- door wasn't shut ; and if Preston didn't look as if he were on the point of ; tears. Well, I said a few things to Preston to let him know what I thought of it, and bless my soul if I ever thought there was so much good in tne utue orute as l oo now! 'What could I do?' he asked. ' I offered bim a shop with nothing to do in the City, and he wouldn't have it because - there was nothing to do. I gave him a commission . with plenty to do . in . South Africa; he wouldn't accept it because he didn't know the ropes, and knew he would only drop money for me. I knew that, too, but I didn't care —decent of him to say that, wasn't it ? — ' Next I proposed I should lend him something. Wouldn't touch a loan, on the ground that he had no prospect of repaying it and no security to offer. Said I J would risk it; and he replied lie ; couldn't accept a. gift of money. Then I suggested that he should join me in a real good thing in mines. Saine old excuse— couldn't pay if he lost. Told him he VwluQll V JvuG ) .JJUv XV ' WIW -Jit" Then he said if I wouldn't take hfrp on he'd go to Halifax— of Halifax und Tiiiigerley of - the. Kaflh- Market— and so, rather than ihafc shbuld happen, T said he could come on, making a proviso, that every tame fre'lcaSed; me 'Sir' Fd f" utBimtoer tonner oil his> enrages. Ee did it twicc, £bd Ipaidm oh; theoail ifo iduw/I fww :«d iest/ tijcpoprlittte he as t to how to shave a man, and he simply won't allow Bellairs to touch him — well, it's downright pathetic/ When Lady Lalekam heard from her husband that he had invited Mr. Preston to stay at Laleham House she was considerably - upset. 'You know he'll bring George with him/ she said. ' Cannot be helped, he's got to come — he's the man of the moment, and times are too bad to throw, good importunities away/ replied her husband. ' He shall have the Bine Room, with the library to have his meals in/ continued the lady. ' A rough diamond, certainly ; but not as Dad as all that,' said her husband deprecatingly. ' I am referring to Sir George,' snapped her ladyship, rapidly turning over the pages of her en gagement book. ' Thank goodness ; it will be practically a family party, with the exception of your Preston' and Selina Yan Hyde, and he has met her before.' Lord Laleham talked of many things, but on putting a. query to his wife the only answer he re ceived was, ' Yes, he has met her before.' Lady Laleham was perfectly correct, Sir Ceorge Bellairs and Mrs. Van Hvde had indeed met before — the Cunarder that bore them both to England from the States had barely dropped Sandy Hook out of sight when a roll of the vessel caused Mrs. Van Hyde to drop into Sir George's arm's as he ascended the stairs to get upon (he roof — it is ridiculous to apply nautical terms to these great float ing palaces. The passage was a bad one, and the number of passen gers sufficiently seaworthy to con- i tribute to each other's amusement very small, so the rolling' vessel not only did great damage to the crockery by throwing it about, but also threw Mrs. Van Hyde into the society of Sir George Bellairs with resultant damage to his heart. Indeed, upon discovering that the lady was a widow — he had already learned that she was particularly charming — he had proposed to her — in a coupe as they rattled down to town — and had stepped out at Willesden a rejected man. But Lady laleham didn't know that. III. When Mrs. Van Hyde entered the library at Laleham House, she found Sir George Bellairs seated before the fire reading, but lie immediately rose, bowed, and was about to retire, when she stopped him. ' Sir George,' she saidj ' have you eliosen to forget me — or shall we shake hands ? ' No, Madam, I have not for gotten you, but the change that has occurred in my locus standi since we last met precludes any 1 social intercourse approaching- ' | ' What rubbish ! Do sit down. I want to talk to you,' said Mrs. Van Hyde, with just the least sign of petulance. In obedience to your wishes, Madam,' he replied quietly. ' I understand that your agree- mentwithMr. Preston contains a clause concerning your mode of addressing him, which clause, I understood extended also to his friends/ said Mrs. Van Hyde. ' I did not read.it that way, Mrs." Van Hyde, but if you insist ' 1 3o. Now, why haven't you been to call on me since I settled in town ? It was hardly friendly of you, after our very pleasant acquaintance, to drop me alto gether, as you have done/ she con tinued. ' After what occurred ' began Sir George. 'You mean in the train — well, you don't look at it in the same light as I do. When someone says to you, ' Will yon come out for a drive with me this afternoon f and you reply in' the negative, wouldn't you be rather surprised if your former friend incontinently dropped you? "My dear Mrs. Van Hyde, yon put the question on au entirely dif ferent footing to the real facte as they are. I ask you to. marry, You did do so,' interrupted Mrs. Yan Hyde pleasantly. "Er — well, I did a?k you to marry me, and you replied in the negative, thereupon there arouse a certain delicacy in the position- which could, only be met by my studiously avoiding any chance of our meeting. In the case you. quote,.the question of a drive is of little' moment, it can be. re- ' And in like manner/ Mrs. -Van Hydcremarkcisweetiy," a proposal can be repeated.' . . "Iwas about to add "and be accepted,' continued Sir George. cAnd I- — ' began Mrs. Van. Hyde, but "she got no farther, -becanse.afc ibat:|nqmriit -tiie. .ddbr: agam / opened, ' andf Atr. ftcstonj walking In, Stt Gearge rbse and: solemnly left the apartment. - said HySeiangrily/ .'Oh! i-jdbn't rid of him : he's wearing me to a shadow. You don't know what it's like on 'Change forme when there's a bit of a slack time. Well, I get a letter from Sly and Cute, saying i that the estate of Bellairs Manor is altogether unencumbered in the way of mortgages, and that it is worth quite a thousand a year. I taxed Sir George with this, and Fm blessed if lie1 didn't say that in ten years he hoped to have paid off all his debts and be in a - position to live as he had been accustomed to in the past. . Well,' I was . ready to implore him on my knees to be reasonable, had it not been for the terms of our agreement, in which it is stated " that the dilinquent in the ease of any departuie from any of the ordinary laws governing the relations between ; master and servant should have to receive from the offended the sum of ten pounds for each offence, with certain ex ceptions mentioned in Glauses seven and eight. It's very trying, Mrs. Van Hyde — very trying.' f Mrs. Van Hyde agreed with him heartily. " To think,' she said to herself, 'that he won't understand that when he proposed I had not been a window a year, and that I hadn't enjoyed a single London season without any restriction matrimonial and tnat l was accustomed to be proposed to several times by the same person — oh, it's too trying ! Some days later Mrs. A7an Hyde rang the boudoir bell. She had been unfolding her plans to Lady Laleham, and that most pleasant hostess had kissed\lier — which was indeed a pleasure, for Mrs. Van Hyde enjoyed a very fair share of American beauty — and had told her to do exactly what she thought fit ' Send Sir George Bellairs to me/ she said when the footman came in obedience to her summons. The man vanished, and in his place, in the course of a few minutes, stood Sir George. And Mrs. Van Hyde let him stand. ' I am going back to London this afternoon, Sir George/ she said. Indeed — I had not heard of it,' he replied, fingering his white tic somewhat nervously. 'I had only just come to the decision, to which your presence here in your present guise has con tributed much,' sbe continued some what bitterly. \- ' Please accept my apologies, and don't let me drive you a-way. As a matter of fact, my month with Mi. Preston is up this evening, and he has had the kindness to forego the customary month's notice — indeed, I am going up to town myself to-night,' Sir George replied quietly. ' My arrangements are unalter able, thank you. But with regard to yourself When you arrive in town, are you ?' ' Going into service again ? That depends ' A month'scharacterisnotofvery much use/slie inteipolated musingly. ' By the way, Sir George, will you kindly tell Thorne that I shall want a carriage to take me to the station for the 4. 30 express ? Thank you, and will you' — she felt in her purse — ' accept a small douceur for your trouble V Good heavens ! , no/ replied Sir George angrily. ' I understood you wished to be treatedaccordingtothe usual practice in your adopted sphere ? I always make a slight present in return, for any;trouhle I give to. my friends' servants.' . Sir George Bellairs bit his lip. ' I am much obliged, Mrs. Van Hyde/ he said, somewhat paling as he held out his hand. Mrs. Van Hyde placed her empty band in Sir George's, and looked him in the eyes — for a moment. IV. ' Hotel Geissbaieb, Brientz. ' August 24, 1896. f Dear Kenavon, - Many thanks for your note and the cheque you enclosed ; it is very good of you taking your defeat so well and saying that I deserved to "win; frankly, I almost lost the "wager on the very stroke of time, aha there, were several occasions during the 'month when I almost chucked the whole thing up and said it was all a bet, but I managed to old out somehow. To start: with, you see Preston is such a throughly good-hearted . little; gentleman that I -felt very bad about deceiving him, because he; took "everything to heart so ; and (hen; ; there was my wife, who refusedto speak to me for full, five minutes when ! confessed the truth about the . bet— neiore sue was my wife. I was a very near touch-and-go, I can assure you. 'Lady Bellairs is enjoying Switzerland immensely, although it is so overran with excursionists ; but, you see, she has to enjoy it, or sayjhe does, because she insisted on coming here!' AVejare going few : » short virii to v the States iwisee her people, end Shall &fan; . stttie in Ldbn/ ere -we hbpe to see much of sptt W- sC > ;J. ' ' : '' . , 'GBOBOE Bellaibs. 