INDIAN FAMNiNE. MISSIONARIES' INDIAN FAMINE FUND. Dr. Gutteridge, hon. secretary to the missionaries' Indian famine fund, has favoured us with a copy of a paper giving an account of work done in Pundita Ramabias homes, and to whom a sum of £78 was recently sent 'from the above fund in Lafinceston. From it is clipped the following paragraph in reference to the famine: "You have heard all about the great famine which is devastating this coun try. The land has not yet recovered from its former state-it is still suffering from the effects of the last great famine-and yet a greater famine has come upon it so soon. 'rhe people are too weak to bear it, and are dying like so many animals in times of epidemics. The condition of Gujerat and Rajputana is worse than that of any other famine-stricken part of In di'a. The land for hundreds of miles is quite dry, with no crops and no grass growing. Small streams and rivers, which form a network all over the country, have dried up long ago, and the larger rivers have dwindled into threads of small streams of water. Trees in the jungles have been shorn of their foliage and deprived of their branches. A few stumps are left standing here and there. They look very much like the starving people around the country. The fertile coun try of Gujerat was never so dry and destitue as it looks now. Large herds of hungry and thirsty cattle move a'bout like armies of ghosts. I have never seen such a ghastly sight if my life. They have nothing but skin and bones left, and fall down dead any moment. The death of so many cattle means a great loss to the agriculture of this country for years to come. Many of the starving people wandering in jungles have eaten up all the fruit of the cactus and syca mnore and wild berries found in the land, and are now eating leaves, bark, .lad small twigs of the treee. V?7a numbers of children and ,famisked old people can be seen picking a few grains from the dusty roads over which carts of grain have passed. They search everywherc, drink filthy and muddy water wherever they can find any, and fill their empty stomachs with sand and small stones in order to escape the pangs of hunger." The following cutting is taken from the Bombay "Guardian" of April 18: "Even after the rains begin, and even when sufficient have fallen to ensure good crops, there will yet be long months before the new crops wil_ be harvested. Many who have fields have no seed to sow, no clothes to wear, no cattle to work the fields (for over 90 per cent. of the cattle will probably have died in some sections), and no houses to live in (for in Gujerat people have taken the roofs off their houses and sold the wood, and only the mud and walls are left). We are right in the middle of it, but the most awful suffering is yet ahead of us, and we hope that all who are interested will maintain their interest, and do all they can to get others interested. Many have done Well, a few have done exceedingly well, more have done a. little; but the most of the Chris tians of America and England have as yet done nothing-not even given the price of one meal to save millions of lives. It is humiliating for a mis ,sionary to realise how little the people of England and America have done, and one can only pray that somehow they may be roused to see their op portunity and to meet it. It makes one ashamed to look at a poor dying man, or woman, or child, and think of the luxury, and waste. even, among Christians in the .homeland. Many a -Christian man,'s tobacco bill would feed 'many starving children, .and many a Christian woman's superfluities of dress for *one season, would save a number of lives. The cost of a dinner party would feed a starving family for a month, and the cost of some church festival, where four-fifths of the whole cost is eaten up, would feed a hundred poor people for a month." 