THE STORYTELLER. JUST A DBUMMER Be was the meanest-looking kid that ever carried a . dram and woke the Britiah Army to dnty in a furrin' land. The -regiment was ashamed of him, from the Colonel to the very last joined as hadn't got the dost of the old country out of his .eyes. The-other kids said he was brought up in s work house, and young Scarnm, as he was called, never denied it, He wes about four foot nothing, and his hair was as red as cayenne pepper and grew thick all over his head and half-way down his back. His nose'was only alittle bit of a lamp stuck skewways oh his face, and even in the hottest. weather it was always red,. and seemed to say as the lad was starring. But bis body was the worst of all./ He hadn't got a shonlder as yon could hang a water bottle on; from his neck he sloped downwards to his waist, and the only way as the regimental tailor managed to Si'him was by tying a stone in each | epaulet. j . - The fact is Drummer Keith hadn't j got a friend amongst men or boys. 'Nobody ever spoke'to him and nobody■ wren, wanted to bully him. The whole regiment jnst seemed as if it was too | good to touch the kid. And as for himj.he did-his duty -and never gram- i bled a word. He drew his rations and ' his pay like any other mortal, and, for j all we thought and -cared, was as con tented with his lot as the best among j HI. It was only about 12 months after Scarnni joined that we were shipped off to Sonth Africa to take a hand in quiet ing: those blessed Boers that were for ave? disturbing the peace of the country. There wasn't a man among us that didn't welcome the chance of seeing active service, and even that miserable kid's nose seemed to thaw out and get a more natural expression when we got oar orders for the front. I shan't forget in a'hurry the scene before the ship sailed. Nearly ever; man in the regiment had got his friends there to see him Off. _ It was a 6tirring sight and a sad one—women were cry ing in ail directions, and men as hardly knowed whether to be glad of the chance for service. of .sorry to leave, the old home and friends were trying to com fort tbera: ah well as they conld.' I was a bachelor in those days, and hadn't a sonl to trouble about me. And at that moment I was glad.of it,.for if I'd had to go through what some of'em did it would have unnerved me for the whole campaign.' The captain of our company had just been married, and his Wife, as fresh and pretty as any schoolgirl, was weeping her eyes ont as she stood by his side and tried to think of all she had to say It was no business of mine, apd I'd got no heart for such things in those days, bat I couldn't help watching them and seeing liow he tried to cheer her up and keep himself from breaking down at the same time. A11 at once, as I watched, her look seemed^ to change, and she became interested in something in our i direction. She asked a question of tlie : captain, and the ghost of a sweet, sad < smile settled over her features. ! I turned round to look, and there was Scsrum. His nose was redder than! erer. and his eyes looked- as if he was screwing 'em up to keep the tears back. But there wasn't a sonl within half-a dozen yards of him, and nobody had j thoughts at that moment for such as he. For a moment I'd half a mind to go and speak to the kid, as we were fellow outcasts, and then I thought of the chaps and what they'd say when they saw me snivelling round such a miser able brat. There was a rustle of skirts, and the captain's young wife was coming in our direction. She passed me and stepped right up to the Kid. " Haven't you any friends, little hoy ? " she asked in a sweet," kind voice. " No, mum," said the kid, without opening his eyes. " What ; no mother, no sisters, nor anyone to care for you ? '' | " No, mum ; never 'ail none ! I'm [ Drummer Keith ! " exclaimed the kid, ! conclusively, as if the last sentence j would explain everything. I " Oh, poor little boy 1 You must not leave England without a friend," said the kind lady, with more tears in her eyes. " Remember, now, that someone will think of you and pray for you, for you will be near my husband, and fight with him, and help him do his duty. Good-bye, little drnmmer." And she actually stopped and kissed him right on that beastly red nose. The bugle sounded and the troops filed on board the transport. And two of us, Scarum and I, had mysterious tuggings at the heart as the vessel cast off. 