The Lily of Mordaunt. By Mss G. SHxnooar ,ainreu of ",The Masked Bridal,' "Tae Magic Cameo," &c.;) CAPITER SIT. J.NgE COULLI' STORY. -iy asroke, weary and unrefreshed, S: morning. She had experienced a:i of -otction and safety while bai.sah the same roof with _,rea though she saw so little ,: but aow, alone in her new . with no one to whom she peak one word, a teeling of .tion, salmost of despair, fettled J-o rn her. Frghtful dreams as l e; seep would no sooner l-r eyehds down then she would -.-;L?diy up, trembling in every ,.: i?-,?a:on starting from every i.n: t-. - was repeated again and unti she was nearly exhausted :mornng broke, but very thank :.to haeo her night of horrors at an a.ter eating her simple breakfast, L.srhe had arranged to havebrought er room, she aressed herself with -: care ior her call upon the Eng ;_e tae a dress of rich black silk, aboraaely made, and fitting her : e•?: ion. She wore no collar, but •.:a: s m:Ss of costly creamy lace i..?t her throat with a single blazing is me, and put mates to it in her _.a ieaz. the ued a dainty, be r:: :I-. hat of black and white lace S? er ),it brown hair, and drawing , ti: og- wristed pearl gloves, looken : n.egin lady from the top of her ty nsad to the tip of her little Sler trial. and sorrows, and .home a, d worn upon her somewhat, : ishe had lost something of her g:irlsh roundness, and this, with :paior engendered by her restless Sare her an extremely delicate, -. even patrician look. She had :.xa it herself while fastening the :. her hat, and a faint smile curled _::_,, as she murmured: I am not Arley Wentworth, the .icl.a of the renowned Dr. McAl .:e-. I certainly have some evidences c:;x,i blood about me." There was not a particle of vanity t to speech, however; there was :: a ifeeng of content in the fact a: co low-born person could possess c-:-a characteristics which looked c: a: her from the glass. The mystery c: er birth was ever uppermost. in a.: ouL?ts, and she never saw her r?a.uon without asking, "Who was g fatther-who my mother? Oh! shall Shen she arrived at the residence i:Le cniul, she gave her card to an -:, and was shown into a reception _:. where she found several others, e. 1he herself, were seeking an in :* ew with her majesty's representa .riey sat down upon a vacant chair :. -a:: her turn. and then glanced a.?.t her to see if she could find an r~ -h iace among her visitors. 'No: they were all foreign-German, Frch. Russian, and, for aught that -" -ew. Turk and Mohammedans, : no: one regular John Bull among :n all did she see. She heaved a So regret, and a feeling of lone L -; an to steal over her again. codely. however, every nerve in " y tingled with a strange de ti:. for, directly betind - she t n unmistakable .Englh_ .,see .. a loud, eager whisper: Sin. John! do ye remember the tiat. lady that was picked up at em :een years ago, by the vessel u" arought us from Bombay?" 3 shock like electricity shot through .Irr at these words, and turning her -,i a trifle, she saw, seated in the irsaow of a curtain a little back of La. a burly, red-faced Englishman a i. as she supposed, his wife. E;: she pretended not to hear what -..been said, while, in fact, she was 'rnaing every nerve to catch what su:a_ come next. In not likely to forget the leddy. o w . , when I helped to haul her a.. and thought sure she were ad. when her party white face ,sed ao heavy on my shoulder. But ere nothing to the way she cried \- griered for her baby, that she was or 'ee again, when she came to, t:ins; and how she clung to her , man, moaning fit to break one's .ar. and all he could do was to hold r c!ose and say never a word, though a own race were that white and hope k? it knocked me all in a heap every :=e I looked at him. But what rat:cht 'em to yer mind just now, old w-man -"' Sh. John! not so loud, man; but t rst chance ye get, give a look at :pur p girl sitting right afore ye. atd tell me if she isn't the very imane .i the leddv ve helped to haul aboard r;2 Ba!ck Swan on her home'ard vor e? I tell ye, man, she has the very ne pair or eyes and wavy brown hair. the same pretty red lips and baby chin." Arley felt all the strength suddenly t:are her, as if all power to move even hand or foot had deserted her. She ."cnd like some frozen image planted wre. without either life or motion. ?c.~a she was filled with a nervous. ard trembling Had she come all1 the way to Spain at i been needful for her to suffer i lihat she had suffered during the year to be led hither in this 'n-e way, and under such peculiar -cumsances, in order to discover who " va. and to have the great enigma S t:r life revealed to her? _Ws -he mystery about to be solved ? \- a'Ehe 'to learn through this rough. u-culrivated couple who her father and ~rter were? r conscrion of this result fastened i,"!i upon her mind as she listened to heir onversation. That reference to the vessel from Bombay picking up e crastawaws at sea. the mention of :le air young mother who, eighteen -~r prerosos, had mourned for her t:`'e o0.e, believing that she had nerhed in the cruel waters, and. more tpan all, the strong resemblance which tweie people had traced in her face to hs "'beautiful leddv." inspired her ?:h a wild hope that at last she was ti obtain some clew to her parentage. She lonsged to turn her face toward the min behind her, and beg him to o:-'lr hi ife's question quickly l", on~ged to tell them that- she had h-n a castaway at sea. and was a p,~r. nameless waif whom nobody ecaamed but she dreaded to inter rapt the conversation. at least until ase ha? learned something more. ledt te 'honuld take offence because she te.l lstened and refuned to tell her Callins a little harmless stratery to her aid. she allowed her perfumed a:idkerchief to slip, apparently un lEt. to the floor, hoping that one of :be couple would notice it and return t· to her. An opening door just at that mo net caused a draught of air. and aifted the dainty little affair of lace and lawn directly to the feet of the .trl- "aohn. le Stooped and seized it with eager. t B•hawkwTard dexterit.y, much rati wi wth this opportunity to satisfy h curositrv which his wife's remarks lls reached out his great. coarse iad, and touched Arlev on the shoul m es ae he would have toucmhed . some frail, beautiful flower, and, grow ing very red in the face at his own boldness, said, blunderingly: ke"ai -misa....ouyouve lost yer Arley turned now with her sweetest smile. "Thank you," she said, simply, but heartily, as she took it from hls clumsy fingers, while at the same time she be stowed a quick, but comprehensive glance upon the woman at his side. She saw an honest, good- natured looking couple, stout and rosy, but rough, as to exterior, as a couple of porcupines- while they in turn stared at her with all their might, regardless of all rules of politeness, if indeed, they had been instructed in the sim plest forms of etiquette. Four eager eves earnestly scanned that fair, beautiful face for the space of a minute, and then Arley slowly resumed her former position. anaI waited as patiently as she could for what would follow. The man heaved a deep, long-drawn sigh and sank into his sear. an expres sion of wonder and bewilderment on his face. 'I tell you what, old woman." he whispered, in a voice that was not al together steady, "if I were in the habit of seein' or believin' in ghosts. I sh'd say one had 'peared to me to-day, sure -they are as like as two peas." "you're right, John." responded his spouse, in a tone of conviction. Arley could not endure the suspense another moment, and she moved her chair so as to face the couple again. "I beg your pardon," she said. politely, but looking very white; "'I could not help hearing what von both have said. Will you please tell me the name of the lady of whom you were speaking, and whom you say I so cosely resemble?" "Land alive, Johnl it's her very voice, too, or my ears deceive me," exclaimed the woman, in a startled tone, to her husband, and regarding Arley more curiously than before. The young girl began to tremble visibly, and it was only by a strong effort that she kept her teeth from chattering audibly-was she about to learn the truth at last? 'I am so glad," she said, after a moment, and to give them an oppor tnnity to recover somewhat from their surprise, "to have found some of my countrymen here, for you perceive that I am English like yourselves. I came here hoping to hear of some one who might be returning to England, but it is very strange, I think, that I should have chanced to sit just here and overhear what you have said. Will you please tell me of whom you were speaking?" . The man and woman looked at each other in perplexity; the resemblance of which they had spoken was growing upon them every moment, until it al most seemed that the lady they had referred to stood again before them, and was addressing them. "Well, well, miss, this are very queer," the man said at last; "I don't think rm dreamin', but if ye were not so young looking, I sh'd say ye were the very leddy herself." "Her name-please tell me her name." Arley could scarcely control her im patience. But before the man could reply an attendant entered the room, and an nomunced that his excellency, the con sul, had just received important dis patches calling him away, and he would therefore be unable to receive any visitors that day. Upon hearing this, most of the people beat a hasty retreat, muttering their disappointment in no amiable mood, and Arley and her two strange companions were thus left the sole oc cupants of the room. -Now we can converse undisturbed." she said, eagerly, as the last one de parted, "and I will tell you why I am so anxious to learn the name of the people of whom you have spoken. There is a mystery hanging over my parentage, and I was separated from my parents by an accident at sea, and have never seen them since; so you perceive that it is not strange that I should think from what you have said that you could perhaps throw some light on this dark subject for me." ""Ah! miss," the woman said, with a regretful shake of her head, as Arley paused and looked appealingly at her. "I'm sure no one could refuse to oblige a pleasant-spoken leddy like yourself if one could help it, but we don't know the name of the beautiful leddy who looked enough like ye to be yer twin sister-" "You don't know the name?" Arley interrupted in a tone of bitter disap pointment, her heart sinking heavily at this intelligence. "No, miss. Ye see this was the way of it: My man and I had been on a long voyage from Portsmouth. Eng land. to Bombay. in the Black Swan, a sailin' vessel under Captain Conway. We've been sailors together, miss, and I as stewardess; for. ye see, bein' rather fond o' one another,"-and here the buxom blushed like a girl in her teens-"one didn't like to leave t'other behind. Well. we'd hbed a fine voyage most of the way till we entered the Bay of Biscay, when things began to look kind o' threatenin'. Just about sunset one day a great steamer passed us. and everybody on board looked as gay and smilin' as could be, and gave three hearty cheers with wavin' ker chiefs, as if they'd had a good passage so far, and were in high feather over it. She. the steamer, soon went out of sight though. and we thought that was the last of her for us. and I couldn't help frettin' to think how much faster she sailed than the Black Swan, and how much sooner she'd reach port. But I had reason to thank heaven. miss. for the slow sailin' vessel afore many days. A storm blew up that night such a storm as I hope never to be out in again. Me nor my old man never expected to set foot on land, and for three days and nights we didn't do much but pray. But the fourth day the wind went down some, and we knew the worst was over. "Well, just as we were roundin' Point St. 3Matthew we came upon signs of a wreck-floatin' spars, boxes, kegs, stools. and such like, and later on durin' the day, we saw a aueer lookin' object to the leeward of us. with some thing like a white flag flyin' from it. Our captain thought it looked sus picious, and ordered his men to bear away toward it, and after awhile he had a boat lowered and sent to see what it meant. "It was sell that we came upon it just as we did. for it proved to be a great chicken-coop, with a man and woman lashed to it, and both nearly dead from the cold. and bein' dashed about in the wild waves. They were brought aboard the Black Swan. and given up to me to see if I could find any life in 'em. SThe man came round all right after a little while, but it was a tough job fetchin' the woman awhile, and then it was enough to break your heart to hear her take on. 'M y baby-my Allie.' were the first words she said when she came to her self, and her husband, who never left her a minute after be got her senses back bent over her, and said in a hoarse voice. and his face as white as a sheet, 'Marg'ret, don't von remem ber? Darlin'. let us be thankful that we are spared to each other.' '-Upon that the leddy gave a scream, and fainted dead away again. Well. it's no use tellin' you of the time I had with her, but she just about grieved herself to death;" and couldn't bear her husband out of her sight for a single minute. Day in and day out he sat in the captain's state- room-for he gave it up to them, and banked it \- like a common sailor-holdin' her in his arms when she was awake, and talking in a soothin' way to her, but 100km' as if he were just ready to die with grief himself when she was asleep and he was left to his own thoughts. I had to feed her like a baby. for she was too weak to help herself, and she was so pretty andgentlo that I couldn't help lovin' her with all my heart; whle I'm free to confess I never did see so much blubberin' in ill my life as I did in those two weeks that we were makin' for Portsmouth, after we took them two castaways on board. But it. was enough to break the stoutest heart to hear that poormother grierin' for her lost baby. in"a, miss!" as Arley buried her face in her handkerchief and sobbed over the sad story, "I didn't mean to upset ye like that, though I can never tell about it without gettin' soft myself. for all it's more'n eighteen years ago. But as for her name. I were so bound np in takin' care of the poor thing, that I never once thought to ask who she were, and I never heered the cap tain say. We sailed into Portsmouth harbour all right one fine morning, and after I had wrapped the loddy up in my warm shawl to be taken ashore for the day was cold-she seized both my hands, and said with her white, tremblin' lips: "'Oh. you good woman, I ought to bless these hands that have helped to bring me back to life, and I do-I do for my husband's sake; but my heart is broken for my baby-my pretty an gel. Aliee!' "The gentleman gave me a fifty pound note, with a hearty 'Heaven bless ye,' just afore he carred her up on deck, and I've never set eyes on either of 'em, nor heard one word about 'em since." "Do you know the name of the steamer that they were on when they were wrecked?" Arloy asked, with al most breathless eagerness, when the woman ended her story. "Yes, miss; it were the White Star, and she were bound from Calcutta, India, to England." Arley started, and a cry escaped her; it was the same vessel on which, it was supposed, she had sailed with her nurse for England over some eighteen years ago; and thus it be came evident that there had been two children of about the same age on board that ill-fated steamer. There might have been more-she did not know; but she was quite sure now that both Ina and herself had been among the passengers, and while Ina had drifted into the hands of those rude fishermen on the coast of Spain she had been rescued by one of the sailors of the White Star, mistaken for her, and thus sent to Dr. McAll:s ter of London. Something within her told her that she belonged to the beautiful woman, to whose sad story she had just listened-something aside from the strong resemblance to her of which this honest couple had spoken; and she felt that at last she held a clew, though a very faint one, to the mys tery of her parentage. It was very unsatisfactory, however, and would doubtless require diligent and patient search and inquiry in or der to make it of the least avail, while it was possible that she might never get beyond this point. "I believe you have been telling enc about my own father and mother," she said, in a trembling voice to the woman. "Land alive, miss, ye don't mean it. was the astonished rejoinder, while the burly John leaned forward, wonder de picted on his face. "Yes, I feel quite sure of it," Arley said; "'but oh! if you could only have told me their name, the way out of this puzzle would be comparatively easy." Then she told them something of her own life, for she felt it was due to them after their courtesy to her. "It are all like a story, miss, and it'll all come out right at last, never fear," said John; "and," he added. "all ye ro got to do when ye go back to England is to hunt up the captain of the White Star, if he's livin', and the rest'll be easy enough." "If he's living." Yes, that was it.; if the steamer had been wrecked, it was more than probable that the cap tain had gone down with her, and thus the sequel to her secret remain for ever buried in the deep dark waters of the ocean. Arley heaved a sigh. but she looked into the faces before her with a smile, and asked: "Will you kindly tell me your name? I am very thankful to you for telling me this story." "MIy name? Sartin, miss. It's Jane Collins, and it's one I've never had reason to be ashamed on either." was the satisfied reply, while the honest creature bestowed an affectionate glance upon her husband. "John here has been a good man tc me," she added; "and we've been middlin' prosperous in this world's goods, and we've roved the world pretty much over together, first and "Shall you go back to England soon?" Arley inquired, with a sudden heart-bound, and feeling that she could trust herself with these rough, but evidently honest people. more fully perhaps than she could with others who might be wiser in the ways of the world. "Yes, miss. The Rocket-that's the vessel John's mate aboard, and I'm stewardess--starts on her homeward voyage next week, of a Wednesday.'" '.ould you let me go with you? Could I obtain a passage in the ves sel?" Arley asked, eagerly, while her voice trembled with the earnestness of her plea. "A sailin' vessel ain't no kind of a place for a delicate young leddy like ae," Jane Collins remarked, doubtfully, as she eyed Arley's dainty figure from top to toe. "Oh, I would not mind the vessel, if only I might go home; and, some how, I feel as if I should be very safe with you and your husband." Arloy said, while t·ears of entreaty actually gathered in her eyes. Jane bestowed a gratified look on her as she said this:; then she replied: "Sure, miss, we'd do the best we could for ye if ye did go, but we are all in the Lord's hands. 'What d'yo say, John?" and she turned a ques tioning glance upon her husband. "Reckon we can fix it somehow," he returned laconically. "Oh, thank you! thank you!" Arley murmured, and the sweet brown eyes brimmed over with the glittering drops which told how intense were her long ings after England and home. 