'Stumps.- ' .?'StumVa,' us he was called In Dos sorlaud, was a favourite with Criminals and — the police. He had a bright Joke, and a kindly word for all alike ; no one had ever seen him cross, or known him do a mean thing. Children hung round him, listening to his yarns ; the lasses always stopped to banter with him ; while many a mgnt round the doss-house fire he wns the life of the wretched-looking group, as in fluent, picturesque language he told ghost tales and fairy legends of his native County Clare, making t!iie mouchers forget their hunger, their suf ferings, their despair ; and when he had money he was royally generous— he treated everyone he came across. ' Bedad, that fact alone bethrays niol kingly lineage' (Mike was descended from an ancient Irish sovereign), he once said to me, half-niefully. ' Shure, I'm never so happy as whin dispiusing bounties.' Indeed, Ihave known 15s. last liim but two days, though he always slept In a doss-house, and the only solid food that passed his lips during that space was onions and tripe for supper, and a couple of carrots as a midday meal. 'My digestion, you see. Is peculiar,' he confided on one occasion to a magis trate, after receiving a sentence of fourteen days ; ' It seems to cotton to nothing but drink.' 'Could you not take the ple-laC and would not some one help you to keep it?' asiied the functionary of justice, who, I am sure. In his heart, saw tht futility of these repeated consignments to gaol. Mike ruffled his rough rod hair, and a gleam of amusement darted iur.o ?his eyes. ' May it plaise your ludship,' he said, ' it's meself was a shining loight in the Salvation Army— fur— fur two months, an' begorra ! in that toime If Oi did not merit a silver medal fur timper ance.' ' And where Is the me'lul V asked the magistrate. Again Mike'j eyes twinkled and -the corners of his mouth worked. 'An' you'll belalve me, yonr wnrs'.ilp, whin Oi came out last toime, from rhe r'si dence you wos so kind as t-- send me, to fur moi health, I pawned It f.m- a dhrop of thn cratur', an' begorr\ 1 if 01 didn't foind the medal waarft silver at all, hut jlst a common bit of tin i' Mlke'e real discomfiture was too much . .lor those present, and they laughed as he meant them lo laugh and nobody enjoyed his joke more than he did himself. But laugh.'ug at or with n culprit does not help 'o mend his ways, and Mike's case bad a sad s!rl-j t& it.— From the ' Quiver,' for April. 