WANTED AN ORGANIZED DE MOCRACY. (To the Editor.) ' Sir,--Kindly grant me space to re ply to a letter signed 'Co-operator, ?u your issue of October 5th. wliat the* writer apparently wished to say was-Wanted, a rail-sitting party'-a party with two large pockets and a fiig bearing the words : 'For sale to the highest bidder/ It is rather late in the dr.y to resurrect the "indepen dent* ghost, especially on account of Mr Philp's latest addition to ;. his poultry farm, in the "shape of a-Drake, by name Francis. In sail Australia there are but two real parties in1 ex-, istence :- (1) The party that; be- . lieves in beeping things as they are; that is content to be governed by dead men's _ laws-laws made by dead and gone semi-barbarians. .With thtese may-be classed Mr Philp and others of that ilk. (2) The party: that- be lieved in sweeping away all dead men's laws, that are not founded on truth and practice, #o the multitude, .the party that would prevent, one man from ^robbing another of his earnings. The Labgr parties. of the different col onies nflflfeibfe classed in this list. It ia true^SpJtfjfe Labor party may be'rfi organisediiito the Socialist party, to fight for State control of all industry. There is no doubj; that the- hour has struck for that step to be taken. If that were what 'Co-operator' Meant by the re-organisation of the party, he would have my hearty " co-opera tion. The fighting platform of the Federal Labor party consists of four planks :-(1) Old Age Pensions; (2) . One Adult One Vote; (3) Abolition of Colored Labor ; (4) Alteration of th® Federal Constitution to provide for the initiative, «nd referendum; in their most liberal forms, and for the easy amendment of the Constitution by the people. This Is purely liberal enough for any democrat. Those who can't support it had better shunt at once to the Philp party. The Labor parties of the different colonies will face the Federal poll as one solid, un ited party. Those who are returned will form the Federal Labor p^rty in the Federal Parliament. - Queensland would simply make a laughing stock of herself by trying %> organize a rail sitting party for the Federal House. There is no middle course betwee* right and wrong. The keynote.of the reform movement is 'justicte.' In their platform the Labor party indicate1,the. directions in which reform is requir ed. Candidates of that party are pledged to flgflit for the reforms Indi cated at every opportunity. Every _ Labor voter is invited to take part in selecting the Labor candidates, by be coiqjnga member of the , Workers' Union, or other organized I^bor body. Where no branch of the Workers' IJn exists, People's Parliamentary As sociations are being formed. It . is only by selecting -solid' men, and act !ng as one . united parity throughout Australia thaUwe will be .able to cstab ? a Federal Labor party worthy the fi&mp.; sphanjdng yen for space: YOUI35, et£., " .. ". ' FRANK i. FOSTER. 