IRISH liOiTAXiTir ? . ? -E Tiiere is a class of personB very much in evidence just now in this colony, whose aim appears to be to obtain a cheap reputation for loyalty by impugning the loyalty of everyone elae. It is cot tbe first occasion in this community, and in others, that such cheap reputation were acquired. These perjons, who, happily, are not a numerous body, have taken upon themselves to express doubt as to the loyalty of the Irish Catholic nection of their fellows citizens in this great crisis of the British Empire. 80 far from there being any shadow of justification for the charge of disloyalty, the direct contrary is true. Irishmen are juat as loyal, and have been ]U8t as ready to prove their loyalty to the Umpiro ag any other section pf their jellow- colonist e. The grounds upon which '6 assertion his been made afford the Blendereet of proofs; and it must be remembered that fame who make the charge are the eamo persona who are always — in season and out — impugning the loyalty of their Iriah Catholic fetlow-cit izana Jnd »rei ever ready with their particular, wwd of Kiama Ghost fitted to the circunr Nances of any case. That there are a number of Irishmen who do not think the present war with the Tranovaal is justifiable is beyond denial. But this feeling— if it be disloyalty — ia not exclusively tbe possession of Irishmen. It is jhared by many men of all other nationalities, amongst the citizens of the Empire-— in England, Scotland, Wales, and Canada. There ha8 been no absolute unanimity, but,. on 'the contrary, there has bfen a great diversity of opinion amongst citizens throughout tbe Eupire, ai to the necessity as well es the justice of the war. Irishmen are probably more sensitive, to' ir justice than the general run of their Fellow. citizen?, having experienced it at the hands of the Imperial policy, which with peculiar crassaess gives autonomy to the colonies while denying it to Ireland — an autonomy which makes for the strength and loyalty of tbe Empire in thoce places where it is enjoyed, juat as the denial of it causes a permanent dieSatiVaetion in Ire land, and in that respect weakens the Empire. 00 6 There was in the beginning a very strong body of public opinion throughout the Empire that war with the Transvaal waa rvitablf. We have held and ursed that opinion in these columns ffotn the begin ning, an opinion which has been also' be'ld and foroib'y urged by great Englishmen like Sir Henry Campbell Bannerman, Mr. John Morley, Sir Wi'lmm 'Haroour-, Eirl Spencer, Lord KJ'mberley, Mr. Harbart Spencer, Mr. Stead, Mr. H. W. Massing ham, aud by L'btrar Unionists like Mr. Leonard Courtenay and Sir EH ward Clarke. That visw was put forward in the House of Commons by Mr. Philip Stanhope, supported by over a hundred members of that Houne. IF we have erred in our estimate of the cause or of the necessity of the War, wo have at least erred in good company ; and if that be disloyal it can only be soon a ridiculous assumption that what is legiti mate criticism io an English statesman is rank disloyalty when published by an Irish Catholic newspaper. We further held, eten if war were justifiable, that Aastralians had no business to tftke pdrt.ih it, frecritiae we would, by taking p'aft in it, admit that the colonies, having no hand! or part in making an Imperial war, were justified in expending their blood and treasure in prosecuting a war of the merits or justice of which they could possibly know nothing. It sets up a position of responsibility without representation, which would lead to diaas troua results — results of which no estimate can be fairly made until our war bill comes in. o 00 . But oince the question of tbe merits of the war was under discussion, the position has resolved itself into this, that what was at first regarded as a mere affn'r of outposts has grown to the proportions of a great Imperial crisis, in which the influence and power of our great Empire are threatened with disaster. What was generally regarded ao a weak and helpless little nation has developed powers of resistance which bave momentarily paralysed British arms and have called heavily ilpfln thfe Warlike resources of the Empire. In this Jjeril Irishmen are. doing their part. The Empire has been built with too much Irish toil and cemented with too much Irish blood to allow Irishmen to stand aloof in a time of Imperial peril. It ia to the interest of Australians to see the British Empire sustained. They are a part of it. They share in those blessings of autonomous government which are so essentially a part of the Imperial system that everyone wonders why they are denied to Ireland. The gift of autonomous government to the colonies is what makes Irishmen loyal and devoted citizens of the Empire. It. is, we are afraid, the consciousness of tbebad treatment of the Irish people in respect of eelr** government that makes a certain type of Englishman call the Irish disloyal. They have an uneasy consciousness that the Irish ought to be disloyal. 0 0, 0 But, after all, the best test of tbe loyalty of Irishmen in this community is that of actual fact. We find that the first re ference by cable to the Australian troops mentioned Trooper Byrne, an Irish Australian, who wa^ reported missing. The first man killed, Trooper Kilpatri«k, wa? another bod of Irish parents. Captain Arthur Filzpatrick, E.A, wbb the first mentioned in despatches for gallantry in the field. Of the criticisms alluded to above, a great deal was directed to the Irish Eifles. Here, again, facts speak. Three out of eight officers of this corps have gone to tbe front, viz., Major Murray, Lieutenant G-arvaD, aud Lieutenant Woods, while several other regiments have not sent a single officer. Lieutenant Woods, not being able to get a commission; volunteered as a trooper, and has since been made a corporal. Another officer of the Irish Rifles volunteered^ but failed in tbe riding tests. For the first Contingent over 30 of the Irish RifleB volunteered. None were aeeepted,. because as a unit of 125 Infantry had to be selected out of over 2000 applicant?, the teat was made so severe as to exclude all but the best shots. One condition was that each man was required to be a markeman fcr two years fin succession, and again at the rifle range after selection. Young regiments like the Irish Rifles thus had no chance of being accppted ; and the actual eelecDms were made mostly from men of the partially»paid regircents. Quite a cumber of Irish are with the first Contingent, as a perusal of the names will Bhow. This also applies to the Con tingentsfrom the other colonies. Fully twenty of the Irish Rifles are in camp now hoping for service with the Bushmen's Contingent. As t6 officers, it will be sufficient, in addi tion to thorae already d noted, to add the names of Lieutenant BH'Icerney, the senior commanding-officer of the ''Victorian force?, promoted since arrival in Africa to Captain ? Maj it R. W. Lenehan, R.A.A.jand Captain J'earce. ? ?-..? : ? ?:??;.;.?-,..'?? . :' ? ,'.' .... tested thna by the testcf actual factp, there ought to be sufficient to convince even, tbe most hardened believer in the doctrine of Irish disloyalty—if he wants to- be con vinced. But we are afraid that Jbese and other evidences will be thrown away on that class of persons who endeavour to em« phaeize their own loyalty by casting asper sions upon the loyalty of others. To such men nothing will bring conviction. Fair cri'icism will always be regarded by. them as aedition. They can see nothing in tbe rush of Irishmen into the ranks of the troops. The Cathedral, crowded on Sunday week with loyal citizens and soldiers, will not be accepts ted as evidence of the loyalty of the Catholic section of the community by those persons who find it impossible to believe even the evidence of their senses when it runs counter to their prejudices. , . 