OUR SUNBEAM BOOKSHELF. "A trciud book and a lovinj? frivud Are sunbeams ever until lifc't end.'' KIIKLK 11. ..T11RKK (JlItLN IN A FJ.AT," by l-llal lloddle. Only lately 1 said that bright, .simple, "homey" stories were scarce-well, I have found one. Noi what you would call a cle ver hook, if by cleverness you mean the brilliant conversations arid f-'tartling epi grams to which .some writers have accus tomed us, but all the more charming for their abscnce to'me. "Just a bright little story,"' some one said when asked to describe it, and a bright little story it is-so bright that. J regard it .'i-j a real treasure- trove, and hasten to share my lind with you. There is sadness, and anxiety loo, in the story, but so bravely faced that, the im pression of brightness remains. Three cou i this, left unprovided for by a Bank failure and the death of the uncle they have lived with, receive a letter from Lady Mainwar ing. Her sister, who has been ordered abroad, offers to lend them her flat in Lon ; don, and Lady Mainwaring herself otters Mabel the jtost of Secretary for a few hours every day. "Every one moves up to London in time, they say," Lil said, "and I'd have a much better chance of g<-fling into the maga zines. " (Lil wrote.) "Somebody must cook and redd up,'' Ja net observed practically. "Our lordly in come does not permit of a servant. I "shall cook and do the redding, while you and Mabel carve your fortunes. 1 fliiuk tile plan a capital one. London is just the lield for us. We can be poor there, and nobody be the wiser. Here they would-pity us.5' So it was decided, and to London tliey went, the minister's wife giving Mabel and Ijil some good 'old lace, and Janet "Mrs. ]jee ton'b cookery book" as a farewell gift. Ja net, quite in her element, made the little flat cosy by dint of taste, ingenuity, enamel, and draperies, and kept everything spotless ly .clean and neat. Lil .wrote hard without making very much, the novelettes ishe wrote for demanding, much sensation, and giving miserably (small pay. Mabel, to her own _ idea. the most ornamental and certainly the leaisb useful of the three, did little when her work for Lady Ma in waring was over, and presently mar ried Sir Algernon. Mainwaring7 and almost dropped her cousins, till llownrds the end of the book Lil wrote a successful book and became famous. But before that the little Hat saw many changes. There was the happy settling in, and hopeful start, the friendship of witty lit'lle MisB Trip on the lower floor. Well. connected, poor, proud, ajid utterly unselfish, her whole life given to visiting the poor and sick, her one ex travagance foreign missions, and her only touch of worJdliness a hopeless desire that her sleeves should keep in touch with'the ta&hion; of the day. Her warm ready sym pathy did much to keep Lil from growing hard and bi:tter when the handsome young lover, who had gone away to make his for tune in America, and send for Lil, wrote to say that he was engaged to his employer's daughter. Without as King questions the dear little woman told Lil her own. long ago love story, which had ended much in the same wav. ''Oh Mips Trip! My dear Miss Trip! and now-even now-you have never forgotten," said Lil. "My dear, I would not be without that experience. It led nie to God. No hum an hand-not even a mother's'-can touch or help you in times like these. But if you cry to God, little by little, "bit by bit, the pain goes, and in it,s place comes a peace .iiid a trust you never knew before. You are like a child Haken up im your father's arms and held close." Another saying of Miss Trip's I must; quote: - "Poverty is a great link to join people. I really sometimes feel as if I could not thoroughly understand rich ladies, nor they nie. There is a great gulf between us. T think that is what is meant by Mie rich man and the needle's eye. Unless one has suffered oneseli, it is difficult to be sympa thetic with others. I think, perhaps, rii.il is why very happy, rich people are apt to be a li'Jtie hellish. And that explains why God gives us suffering, perhaps. It is so that we may be able to lie!]) others with our svinpathy. And although we wet]) witli those who wee]), we cam rejoice with the h.'ii'iiy also." To return to (lie girls and the flat. Li] wrote on:-"If I could think of a new sensation," she uthod to ssiy to Janet, de sperately, "or a new tiheedy! 1 have used the fire and the shipwrecks, and the Gretna Green marriages, and the elon ments, and fte secret panels, and tlhle dungeons, and the ghosts! What is there left, Janet, under the sun?" Rut beside (.lie senwitional stories she worked at a- -novel, a simple natural study of Scotch life, into which she put her very best work, till ;lt la 4. it wae finished and then tlhe precious ]VIS. was "lost" by the unscrupulous Editor of ti'ie "Weekly Joy," who foon after disappeared. Then came hard times and illness to the little flat Mid a long wearv struggle. The re eoverv of the story, which had been stolen, and its acceptance by a great publishing house, ami tihe hris'hte'iring of the girls' lives, and the good old-fasfliioned hanny end ing, 1 will not spoil by retelling. You will like Dr. Dunbar, 1 am sure. Only one bit more I must quote:-"For poor and strug gling pio7)le 'have a God-given faeulty of finding pleasure in riinple thingis which the rich and the affluent could never under stand. And I think, after all, that their pleasures are very sweeter for the cloudy background of tiheir care. There i.s moixi convpensation in the world than we are flii't to remember." Ellie Wemyss. - 1 am so pleaded with your .suggestions about, the Rcadinif Club that 1 am 'liddine the letter over till next week, when Rielf 111. and 1 will h'uve some tlving to wv on the subject. Puss-ie.-The MS. arrived safely. I have not yet had wine to look it over. Your <rra.nranwr is improving, and I can see by t'he alterations you have made that you ore trying to use ti'.ie rijj'it wtnxks and to put them in their proper places. (to on mak ing up stories-write them down as you have time and keep them. In the mean time tir to improve your handivnting miake it plain ;i.nd easy to read: that is the clviei' thing - and read well-written books, noting the style earefullv. Taylor's Gap. .TIIIIP 20. Dear Magpie- I have nut rend very many book« Hni i; I last, wrote. Tlie first 1 have read is on titled "A South Australian Romance," by John Hlackett. It telle how a colony was founded and a Methodist Church formed; it contains the early history of those subjo-ts, and proves interest inn reading'. "Hichurd Bruce" and "Malcolm Kirk,'' by C. M. Sheldon; these are two very good books. "In the Hook Mountains," by W. 11. (!. King ston. is a tale of adventure. "Harriet Book of Photography"-this has proved very interesting reading. 1 will now conclude; wishing every sue ves-i to tlie Bookshelf in ihis I he thin! year of its existence.-I remain, yuurs trulv, IIAKOLD WOOD LANDS. So you. at least, have some solid reading to report-the history _ of our own pro vince, too. that makes it all the better. I am so glad-go on. Taylor's Cap, June 20. Dear Magpie-" is a long time sinee I have written to yon, hut 1 have not. read many books lately. "Richard Bruce" and ''.Malcolm Kirk," by Charles M. (Sheldon, I have read, and liked them very niueli. "The Lights of Sydney," by Lillian Turner." "To liight the Wrong," By Kdna Lnill, is the th-st I have read by her, and I thought it was a real good book. It is about the life of John Hampden, and there are also some other characters in it. which I liked, especi ally Joseeylon and his little sister. I thought it , was very brave of her to try to release him from prison, not thinking about the punishment she would feet afterwards. I have also read "Stories for Children in Illustration of the Ijord'8 Player," bv Mrs. Molebwortli, and 1 liked them very much, especiallv "A Child of- the Sunshine."-I remain, yours truly, EDITH O. WOODLANDS. I am pleased to hear from you again, and quilje agree with what you say about "To Right the Wrong." You would like "In the Golden Days" by the same writer. I am so sorry., your letters have had to be held over so long, but it could not be helped. .""Hamsey. House," June 23. Dear Magpie-I am sorry to 6ay this is only my second letter to the Bookshelf, not that I don't take any interest ill it and all the letters, but I don't seein able to write one myself. I lun reading two books just now; well, one is the serial story in the "Chrisian Age, "Fredeneo the Car list," in- C. N. Barhain, it lieing aboiit the Car Uit War of Ifr'Sfl. Krederico is a brave Spaniard, who is compelled to join the army, and is after wards sent to extort money from Mr. Morleyan, an Kiiglisli merchant (the family he knows very well), Which ho finds very hard to do, but Mr. Morley gives him the money, knowing that ho would be killed if lie returned without it. Emily Morley, the daughter, is a true Protestant, and is greatly attached to Hosaura Gonzales, Frederieo's sister, tl is very exciting waiting for the next month's chapter,'but I think it does one good to . think the story over. The other book is "Vanity : i'air," which I have just started. I enjoyed the ! essays on.it very much, so felt I must read the book. 1 have read "Pendinnis," and liked it very well. Arthur Pendennis was a spoilt., vain boy. His mother thought too much of him to please nie, yet she was a good woman, so was Laura Bell. The following books I have read lately:-"Uncle Tom's Cabin," "Adam Bode," and "Paul Faber, Surgeon." I didn't know what 1 had missed by not reading "I'ncle Tom's Cabin" sooner; it is a wonderful book, but to think that most of it was real. (Mi! that dreadful slavery. Poor Vnele Tom, how he suffered from time to time; still lie was making ilie burden lighter for every one else. Dear litile Kva; how she loved him, and every body, too! It was very sad about her death, and her father's, too. Many a laugh I liad over Topsy, when she would be so "wicked," as Bhe would call it; though what an influence of good Eva had over her. "Adam Bcde" was a splendid book; I admired the two brothers very much; also good, kind Dinah. 1 like "The Mill on the F10S9" bet- ? tcr, though. Maggie was a very strong character; very different from her cousin, Lucy Deanc. It is very amusing hearing all her aunts talking. Mrs. Peane was not so nice, as her sistera "Paul Faber, Surgeon," by G. MacdonaJd, I liked very well. Thomas Wingfold, the curate, and liis wife Helen were iny favourite characters. 1 liked reading about the kind little dwarf, David the Gnome, and his dear little niece, Ruth. 1 have also read the "Elect Lady" by the same writer. I am getting a: hook which I have wanted for a good while, '"Die Scottish Chief," by Jane Porter, so will tell you about it next time. I often wish I could get hold of some biographies which you mention. I am longing to read some. Will the "Life of C. Dic kens," by A. W. Ward, be a good book? Or could you please tell me a better writer of his life. Hoping that letter is not too long, I remain, with best wishes from JANIE KELLY. . You Lave been taking a rfgular course of the works of fauious authors - Thackeray, George Eliot, jtnd George Maedonald ~ I cannot blame you at any rate for reading trash. The biography you mention is short and good, but a still better one lias been written by Dickens's own daughter. Thank you for taie all-to myself bit. I hope you will join the Reading Club. We will try to get over the difficulty. about books by choosing subjects, aud your Institute must just get some general literature-no pro perly cons'-.ituted Institute should be with out. July 4. Dear Magpie-1 liavo quite a number of books to tell you of this time, which are as follows: "Donovan," by Edna Lyall; "In the Roar of the Sea." by S. Baring-Gould; "Fields of Fair Rer ?ni>\Vn," by Joseph Hocking; "Loohinvar," by S. R. Crockett: "Died," by H. Boecher'Stowe; and "Beatrice Melton's Discipline," by Maud Jean Franc. 1 liked them all veiy much, but particu larly "Donovan" and "In the Roar of the Sea.'.' My favourite characters in "Donovan" aie Dono van, Dot, the Tremain .family, the Osmonds, and Adeia Farrant, while Ellis Fairant and Stephen Causton are despicable. Mrs. Farrant is^ too sel fish and easily led to be liked. No wonder Donovan felt bitter towards her at timet-. What a sweet patient little girl Dot is, and- the way_ Donovan loved her and tended her was pathetic. The saddest part in the whole l>ook is Dot's deathbed. Poor Donovan, how lonely lie was, anil, being an Atheist, made him more bitter towards God and his fellow creatures. My favourite chapters arc the eleventh and twelfth ones, because they are so sad. 1 did not, care for the Frewinfi, but. Sweep slakes wan such a comical bird; his speeches seem to correspond with the thoughts of him who he addressed. What a dear, faithful, little dog Waif was; so affectionate and intelligent. 1 was disap pointed at Ellis Farrant dying before the world knew of his unjust act towards Donovan; even that would have been less tliun he deserved. 1 liked Gladys Tremajn, and was glad she did not lose faith in Donovan. "In the Roar of the Sea" is the first book J have read by S. Baring Gould. 1 liked it immensely, and, being a Cornish tale, I liked it still more. I would like to read "Old English. Fairy Tales," by the same author. Judith was an exceedingly strong character. So brave and self sacrificing." She was far more suited, to Oliver Menaida than to Captain Coppinger. What a lot she sacrificed for poor half-witted Jamie; it is a pity be never appreciated her unselfishness. I liked Coppinger, and yet I didn't. _ I think it is his love and gentleness towards Judith that, makes one like him.' What an eternity it must have been when he was rescuing Judith on the dill ledge; it seemed an im[>ossibility. What a daring smuggler he is, and so cunning. I liate Aunt Dunes, the Scantlcbiays, and that pious Mr. Mules. Indeed, the majority ot the characters are horrid. My favourite scene is where Othello Cottage is oil fire. Have you read "Mehalah," by S. Baring-Gouldr It so will you give me your opinion of it. 1 have not read it, but. I have seen some good criticisms oil it. "Fields of Fair Renown" (rives a good ac count of the struggles and trials a young man ol literary aspirations hits to overcome in order to he fauious. Merlin Rosevcar was determined to over come them, aud he did. I was bitterly disappoin ted in both Medlin and Helen, but it is no wonder Helen gave him up after his treatment of her. It was shameful of Merlin. My favourite charac ters are Helen (Jianville, Merlin, and Vivian Gre gory. I don't know what to make of Merlin s wife. The irrepressible Mrs. Illindy was awtul at times, alwavs harping on the subject of hei "litery hambishuns', and bavin' bein' brought hup a liuy. although she 'ad bin brought down in the world s-ince Mrry took to slunimin' for the Aunny." What a production the "DooK's Revenge" must have been. What does slumming mean? Is it pravingV "Dred" is a sad book, similar to "Uncle Tom's Cabin." I liked Nina Gordon and l'dwaid Clayton very much. What a brute Tom Gordon is. He deserves shooting. Nina's death i8 very sad. What an anxious time it must have been for the fugitives in the swamp. What a dear old fellow Tiff is, and how devoted he is tot!'" children left in his charire. 1 liked Beatrice Mel ton's discipline very well, but I do ]i"t care as much tor that author's books as I used to I must now stop, hoping this letter isn t too long. With best wishes for the Bookshelf from "hN TIIUSIASTIC HEADER." ]' have read some of Raring Gould'n books, but not "Mihala." He writes strongly and well, but. as you say of the book you mention, "the ma jority of the characters are ^ liolTid, and from wluit 1 have heard tins ifi spe cially true of "Xlihala.'' You ask me to recommend some books-do you moan fact or fiction'!' h-'olid reading first. xou say veil have a good library, so surely V could c?t a standard book like >lrs. Gas kell's ."Life of Charlotte Bronte.'' Try i'or i'rr.in your liking for books with strong niggel characters in them, it. should be just what you would enjoy. '1 he "Lite and Letters of Charles Kingsley" by his wife you should also bo able to get, and I think vou cannot help liking the story of the lit* "and work and thoughts of such a man. Then, surely, you have travels? Find out what these are, and 1 will tell you which vou will fill'! most readab'e. _ you read any of A.ime Thackeray ll.itchie s wiit* ingsV 'In her "Chapters from Some Me moirs'' you will find delightful peeps of Thackeray-the real Thackeray, as his chil dren knew him. "Toilers and Spinsters" is a good book. too. Turning to fiction, trv "North and South," by Mrs >askel), and "Kith and Kin," and the "1'irstj Vio lin," by Jessie Fotlieigill. De-ir Magpie-Will vou allow me to join you* "Bookshelf?" I would like to very much, if you think 1 cun write well enough. The <wsays on Dicker's works were very interesting. I inn very fond of his books; but they are much too long for novels Some of your Bookshelfites are very fond of Mrs Woods's books. I have read one, and 1 do not think inuuh of it. There are too many poor humble slaves of workmen and arrogant ^'gentle men" in it. One of my favourite books is "The Shadow of the Sword." It is all veiy improbable; but it is a splendid indictment, against Napoleon. 'Transformed," by Florence Montgomery, is a very nice book. Did you ever read it? Do you care for Hall C,-line's books? I think tliey are wonderful writings. "The Scapegoat" is my favourite. What horrible tyranny there must be in Morocco, y "The Bondman" is another fine book, though its' plot is much too complicated to be tnie. I have read a good many novels of Krckmann-Chalrian's. I lik* "The Conscript" and "Waterloo" the best, for tli« battles arc splendidly described. "Daniel Roc-k" is a nice tale too. although it lias a very remarkable endimr. I 1 iIce reading books on science very much, I read a book entitled "More Worlds Than One,'* by Sir David Brewster, a little time ago. It is a very cloauent and convincing book, but it has som« verv antiquated ideas. Baldwin's "Prehistoric Na tions" anil "The Testimony of the Rocks" I have .just read. "Prehistoric Nations" was published about'forty years asro, and effectively proves what a Frenchman lias just discovered-that the Egyp a great nation once lived in Arabia. I see one of your Bookshelfites wishes to find J see one of yonr Bookshelfites wishes to find l.or.trfellow's "Ships that Pass in the Night." There is no poem of that name, but the lines are in tho third part of "Tales of a Wayside Inn;',stlie "Theo logian's Tale. Hoping this will not^ro in the w.p. basket, 1 am yours sincerely. SCIOLIST. You mn*t have thought that your letter i had found the rosting-plaoe von feared ' but von «ee it lias not. Yes, vou niav join the Hooksliclf-but understand that the Li* lu'iiriun i? to bo treated with due awe ami report. Whit slmll 1 Hay about tin1 uJl-t-o niyHeli' bit ? Never mind, I declined to bo alarmed even at llie name you have cho.sea, and your announcement thai you writc plays and poetry. L deed, the play that coiiaitled solely of stage direction*, strikes me as a brilliant idea-it' your j>oems could consist of title-! only 1 might <v-en dare to read sonic. Think you very much for lind ing the passive about 'Ships that i'as.*? in .the Night." Write again. « Ailoliiifio, .July *M. My Dear Mic-ipte - 1 penwd with gi'e-it mte.c.t your letter of lii.si week. 1 think the ide;i v.t a "Heading Club" a capital or.e. 1 ha\e not much time it JJJ.V ;i! present (like your corre spondent '* 1 plead "Plainer s Harmony"), oIh* 1 w«.nld write mure about the club. Vor the present 1 must In1 content to loll foi\ what my reading has been «>i lale. First, however, i must tell you liuw sorry I was 11 Kit my essay exceeded the specified number of v.oids. 1 was in tlie country at the time and was unable lo procure the issue in whi'li the competition was announced. So I hope you forgive me. 1 have read "No, a. John-street," by Whiteing, a book which caused rather a stir in the literary world, atad I did not care lor it. ll *avours rather o! George tJissing's "Nether World." I also lead ''.SoiiJljey" in the "Knglish Men of },titers Slth**" and to me it proved a real treat. Southey's must: have beeii a beautiful character; also his friend Coleridge's;. 1 read ''The Private Life of the Queen" with no particular interest at commence ment, hul it dec]leiK'd as 1 went on. "The New Hector," by Wayman, was rather weak as compar ed with his other work*. Justin McCarthy's "Come' i»f a Season" was interesting, but rather peculiar. "\uhr.a," by Mis. Campbell l'ruod. I liked very much. 1 think she portrays colonials admirably. A intend to make the acquaintance of more of her books. Ny-the-bye, I have always meant to ask you what Australian writer you con sider the best tor prose? Js it too large a ques tion'? I have been rereading; Matthew Arnold's poem*-tilwa>s a delight to me.. 1 suppo.se you are quite familiar with them, although 1 do not notice any of the Ibrokshelfues mention them. I do not know any oilier poem to be 'compared to his "Sick King at Hokhara." It is so heartrending that part where the Vizier tells iiini that there is s^» much hadiKSH in the world, much worse than this oVr which his heart is breaking, 1 thought so touching, and tho-e last: two lines "And ^i,v he was not. wholly vile, liccause a king has buried him." <4.*V»hrab .-Mid Kii-sJ niii * * is equally beautiful. Some day 1 intend to gci bis poems so that I may keep Ihein b:vidc !ne, liie.v contain such beautiful and noolhiiig thouuht*. My reading of the magazines has born veiy extensive of late, so that I have not. It.id mucli time tor heavier reading. 1 am very partial *o (lie American magazines. They eonluin much that is' bright and interesting". ''Serihner's," "i'all Mall," "The Century," and ''Harper'-;" (which 1 was sorry to see had failed after so many war.- of pood work) always contain a ouan!iiv of veiy readable matter. What do you think of "The Ahsenl- minded Heggar'.;" 1 <bui't think it COMICS nearly up to some of Kipling'*, "l-'ollov. Me *Ome" f liked much better; aho "On the l"Jo:id to Mandalav," and "1/Knvoi." l")o you know them'? I intend in'the future, to keep a list nf the hooks 1 read. 1 ;un at present engaged with "Confessions of an Opinm-Kater," by l)c t/uimey. If it not ton mucli trouble, could you tell me when the next competition takes place, and whai. it is (I presume there lias been one announced tor us), a'Hl do I belong to Shelf *1 or 8? 1 am V. Willi iipologic-. for trouble 1 am giving you, 1 am yours hincendy, J>l< 'KKN>"<)NIO\\. The Shelves run:-Shelf T.. under lo; Shclt' 31., ];j to 21: Shelf 111., over 21; so y«>u bidonjr to Shell' 11. You would ^ee rthc <iibje< t^ f«>r competition in last -week's rrhe nuiuber of words for Shelf II. is ,m Yts; 1 havi' rend Matthew Arnold. One ol niy favourite bits is: - \\\i' <'anno( kindle when we will The lire which in Jhe heart resides: The spirit Moweth and is still. In uiyMcry our soul abide*; Ihii ta*k< in hours ot insight wille«l .Can be through hours of gloom fulfill.'A. And the nest verse is even better. fVm Tou find ii V Are you sure ab:uit "Hair per's ^la^'iy.iiu'V" ] shall look out for your essay. 1/iura, July 27. l>eai' Magpie . My name is l,lonib«;l, but I'm gene rally Un »\vn a^ Hid. I took your advice and read Scott's "Kcmlworih.*' which was interesting, but y,<i sad. J'tlie} Turner's *\\\liss Hoh)>ic" ] fot;?id nuich n>ore intere>tieg. Wasn't it amusing where Suds' fowl di^o veted liobbjc 'tinder the tree*, and so was called Uete«-iiw Uubbji-y Holdrewood's Modern Hut:i:aneer" is very exciting^ and d'.sciibcs the islanders very well, and also ends up happily. The second series. "IVcds that Won the Umpire," i-5 lovely, and makes you fed .even more patrio tic. Do you know how many ho>ks there are? j This one deals only with the very early part of the , present centorv. Willi be-t wi>iies. 1 remain, y^urs sincerely, UKh SCN'MAN. v 1 T am "1,1(1 to ho:ir from ynu .riain. X<n T ili> n.ii. kiiinr ;il)ou( lluit series-fvin ;)))>' one loll inc ;)lnni1 "DPIVIS Unit Won tlie 1-jiii]lireV" As ymi likod "KciiilwDi'l.li" not Iry <mn?? inure ot' Scolt^ s-uiiy, "(,!uy IVf.-iiricl'iiuV" MAGPIE. 