Melbourne Week by Week. Our Special Letter. Political Gossip. It is generally assumed here as a practical certainty that the Governor- General will send for Mr. Barton to form the first Aus tralian executive. There is do dissenting opinion as to the proper claim which New South Wales has on the Premiership, but on ? ?u:«l. nt V,ov. Y-r-r-voHonf-.nt,ivRR it Will fall iS a matter entirely for Lord Hopetoun.^ They say confidently in Sydney, the Federal centre of action, what we at this point of the oircutnference think probable and just, that Barton will be the man. It is recog nised that his prominent position throughout the federation movement, and the immense factor he was in bringing it to a successful culmination, mark him down as the inevit able choice of the Governor-General. The concurrence of Victoria in this arrangement 1 will be hearty and sincere, far more so than if Mr. Reid, who has a better knaok of mak ing enemies, were chosen, or Sir Win. Lyne, ?who was an anti-federalist. The residence of the Governor-General still excites some interest. From what I can learn the view held in politioal circles is that he will reside in Victoria while the sessions are proceeding in Melbourne, but that Sydney will be his headquarters during vaoation. As the Earl is fond of hot climates. and muoh travelling he might give all the Federated States the pleasure of his com pany in the off season. Much of that will, of course, depend on the arrangements made Tby the States to put him up. Among certainties for the Federal Par liament I might mention these six, in about the order they polled at the Con vention election : — Sir George Turner, Messrs. Quick, Deakin, Peacock, Isaacs, and Trenwith. Sir Henry Wrixon, who just misaeci a sei*u m vua wuvouviuu, i» inobher strong outsider. Higgins will probably win a seat in Parliament, and Zeal and Eraser in the Senate. Frasor is a medium man, as the ruck of Upper House politicians runs, and whioh is not over laudation. Some party agreement with the ' Age.' and the support of the Orango Lodge, returned him to the Convention. These may both be relied on to support him The forecast of members who have a chance for Ministerial honours, assuming Barton is Premier, is made difficult by the ?probability of some of them taking seats in both the State and Federal Legislatures, if such will be permitted. Sir George Turner has a decided chance, but personally I think Mr. Deakin will have the first offer. He however, has always been reluotant to tako office; finding, like most men who have tried it; that it means serious loss of business. I inoline to the belief that the proBpect of further Bhaping the destinies of the new nation will Beduoe him from his clients, provided that the Government is up to his ideas of what an Australian National Government should bo. Mr. Isaacs has not a gilt -edged ohanoe. It is shrewdly suspeoted that he and Barton do not hit it. Mr. Quick, though generally considered quite out of the running, might elfeot a surprise, while Sir Henry Wnxon is a very remote possionuy. The present Premier, Mr. Allan M'Lean, will almost oertainly have a seat in the Australian Parliament. Hie [vigorous anti federal campaign, mainly in the interests of the s,took-tux, robs him of any chance for the Ministry at first, but he has a hoad fu of brains, has courage and aotivity, and will make a name in the Federal Parliament. Sir George Turner, it might be said, waB nover up to his reputation. I wasof th s opinion when ho was at the height of his popularity, and I have plentiful oorrobora tion by those who ought to know. Oiroum 'stances made him more than he made his ?oiroumatanoBB. Ho will bo outclassed on the wider stage. A more industrious, hard working man it would be dijlioulb to find~a conscientious plodder, who will take the ideas of other men, and work them out into praofctoal shape— an invaluable Booond-olaBB man. Hia was not the leading mind in the late Cabinet', exoept in matters of economy. He ia a oorroboraticra of the poet's opinion : ' The constant trier gets the lead Though better horses drop behind.' Mr. Shiola, the present Treasurer, has not too rosy a show for federal honours should ho seek them. Ho is a good fellow, an in toreating speaker, but ?terribly erratic Hio constituents at Normanby doubtless love ?him for his little,. idioflynaraaios, as woll as for hlfl talents, whioh are of a high standard, but a more praottaftl electorate would pro. bably have regretfully parted with him oro tULoaal politics aro dull, afl is usual in a dying Boasi6n, loaded with bustnesH i which t vraa novor Intended to deal with. The flrflt. cLamon aro too rostleasly affeotod by the approach of fahe now big Parliament to tako any Interest In the provincial House. m.n r-nxxmvi\ nf Jintroism. Poor old John M'Mahon, ox-CjounoIllor, ox-Mayor of Fitzroy. and »*'^m™- f . *hHJ Metropolitan Board 'of Worlw, haw Jiwt jttldffio penalty of outylngolng tho Ingo,, and scorning ' tho baoo dogroos by whioh ho SSdiind.* Tho municipal olootlonii have relegated him to oblivion, after 30 years of civic honours. The rejected gentle man didn't profit by the fables, often conned in his early years of the dog who saw a very fine bone in the water. But the immediate cause of his downfall was proba bly the action he took in the miserable per secution case got up against those employees of the Board of Works, who refused to sing the National Anthem and wave flags and hollow for the alleged release of Mafeking, and who insisted on keeping sober while every loyalist worthy of the name was more or less drunk. M'Mahon was one of the most vehement advocates of instant die missal, and spouted outraged loyalty like a geyser. A few more of his countrymen on the board, who took a similar stand, and showed a miserable 6ontrast against the sturdy manliness of some of their fellow members and fellow-IriBhmen, are trem blingly reading the writing on the wall. * ♦ * Colonel Blake's » Dirty Black guards.' A young gentleman who left Victorian shores for the African war, evidently be lieving in two of John Bull's home- made myths for home consumption — the ' cowardly Boer ' and the 'dirty Irishman ' — was lieutenant (now captain) sergeant. The bold worrior had hardly touohed Afrioan ground when he produced a letter from the throes of furious hysteria, concern ing experiences whioh he oouldn't possibly have had of the cowardly, treaoherous Boers — a set of ' ours ' according to his observation. When men with a sound lining to their Bkull began to write up the Boer as he is, the John Bull myth was detected. The man behind the oarioature turned out to be a high-minded, brave, manly and humane person, who had no cause to hang his head in the presence of any man on earth. The other myth, though muoh shaken, still did duty as a feeble ghost of itself, and to it the bold captain turns for oomfort. Some Boer in Pretoria told him that Colonel Blake had bought a single ticket to Delagoa Bay, adding that it would be a good job if he took all his men WAUll 1AIAIA CIO VUoy WOJLU C* AU W , KAIL VJ 1UU Ul blackguards — mostly foreigners. Note the qualification at the end ; it reeks of the gentleman quite willing to wound, but more than half afraid to strike. Well, if young gentlemen will go round a town like Pretoria, with ' gobemanohe' written all across their faces, they are very likely to be told something by the 'slim' person who delights to snare the absenb-minded beggar. Oolonel Blake and his gallant oompany's ser- vioos to the cause of the Afrikander freedom i are graven deep in the hearts of the Repub HoanB, and have been warmly acknowledged ovev and over again. * ? * «* Fighting Purves.' Mr. Purves — the gentlemani who felioit ously and permanently changed Dr. J. Lawrenoe Rentoul into ' Fighting Larry ' — has had a row with another judge, this time the chief big-wig. For a wonder the Q,O. refrained from tears ; these having flowed so readily and copiously in all previous affairs of the kind, their absence oaused much surprise to oourt habitues. Mr. Purves is a great weeper, whether the sympathies of a jury have to be won, or a broken heart exhibited to tho judge who has happened to quarrel with him. It was a point in the Wilkio divorce oaBe— a squalid affair— and thfl Chief Justice shouted down oomniftnds at Mr. Purves, and Mr. Purves shouted up defiance to his Honor, Sir John threatened that if tho Q.O. didn't Bit down, ho'd 'sit' on him, or words to thab effeot, but ho oouldn't for a long time silonoo the lawyer. It was a naemo somewhat rorainisoent of the drill saones in, ' Struok Oil,' with Sir John afl the Bnrgeant and Mr. Purvos as John Stofel. It was a stupid affair, and ended 'as they wore,' with tho .apology with whioh the Q.O. generally winds up his quarrol with a judge : ' I'm bad tempered and you're^ bad tempered, but) we're old friends and good follows, and—' Sir John Madden, tho reporters say, simply ' smiled.' ? ? ? ? The Church Builders. Father Tom Burke, in one of his beautiful lectures, Bays that tho Irish are ohuroh' builders by instinct, They transmit that Instinot with their blood, no matter what sun flhines over them. In Melbourne just now Oatholio buildings aro having a boom, ohurohos, proflbyteriofl and aohools being started, or on tho point of fltarting, in several flnbttrbfl, A now ohuroh in to bo oroafcod in North Biohmond, a now ohuroh and presby tery and school at Balaclava, new presby teries at Esaendon and South Yarra, and other buildings in various parishes. The OarmeliteB consider they can meet the new arrangement with the generous National Bank, and Prior Kelly and his committee are preparing an appeal to all the wearers of the Scapular of Our Lady of Mount Carmel. The debt-burdened church is a noble struc ture, and well worth a sacrifice to relieve it of its heavy obligations. ? ? ? The Education Question. The ' Argus,' in a leading article of studied moderation, gives a kindly hint of approval to a scheme of compromise, whioh would give the Catholic schools a grant for the secular education work which they per form. The article adds that this solution of the difficulty would probably change the opposition of Oatholies to Bible-reading in, State schools to advocacy of the system. Archbishop Oarr wrote in reply thanking the paper for the conciliatory tone of its article, and stating that the writer had cor rectly interpreted the Catholic attitude. Unfortunately for its chance of success the wrong paper has made the suggestion, ? ? ? Etcetera. Rev. Father Robinson, B A., has a taking lecture on hand these times — 'Ireland's Tribute to the Empire.' The usual 'Bobs,' White, French, Kitchener, &c;, of the pre sent campaign, propelled by the rays of a magic lantern, oareer aoross a sheet in pur suit of phantom Boers, and this performance has a boom every time it is put up. I am afraid that, in the words of the immortal Hannibal Ohollop, we are becoming 'a great people, and must be cracked up.' Ire land's contribution to the Empire in this South African trouble has been a heavy blood tribute ; but it doesn't seem te' have given the Empire muoh of a boom. Win or lose, Groat Britain has neither moral nor material gain, and Ireland's tribute ia being squandered on a worthless cause. All the Bame, the bright, genial priest, Melbourne's premier lecturer, is raking in the shekels, and several deserving charities are smiling broadly at the prospect. ? Archbishop Oarr's lecture, 'In Other Lands,' given at Ballarat in aid of the Oatholio Hall last week, was a big sucoess. The recital of his Grace's travels was illus trated by Mr. Alex. Gunn, with limelight views and a number of biograph pictures. The Mayor of Ballarat, Councillor Heinz, occupied the ohair, and several prominent Catholic and non-Catholic citizens had seats on the platform. , 