LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. The Speaker read prayers, and took the chair at 3.30 p.m. VICE-REGAL ASSENT. Messages were received from his Ef»>l- lencr tbo Governor notifying. tho vice-regal assent to the following' hills : Pastoral Leases Act Amendment Bill, Albert River, Mount Garnet, and Lilydnlo Tramway Bills. PERSONAL EXPLANATION. Mr. Brow nis Raid ho was reported to have said in a recent debate that tho Under Seoro- tary for Mines had furnished a falsified report to tho Premier. That was not correct. It should lmvo road biassed return. He did not wish any words of his to bo misconstrued so that a stigma would rest oil tho Under Secre tary. Ho had a very high opinion of that officer, and ho hud takon tho earliest oppor tunity of removing any false impression in the mutter. The Premier said ho was glud to hear Mr. Btowno's explanation, and atty blarao there might bo in oonucotion with tho return would . rest upon him (Mr. Phitp). THE GUILLOTINE. Mr. Plunkett asked the Premier, without notice, if it was his intention early next session to resoind standing order No. 13GA— tho guillotine? ' Mr. Piiilt mudo no reply. ASSISTANT INSPECTOR OP MINES. Mr. Fisher rvslced the Secretary far Mines,— 1\. Docs Mr. Hunter, the' roceutly appointed assistant inspector of mines for tho southern district, hold a cortiilcato of competency as required by the Mines Aot, 1808 P 2. What experience bos Mr. Hunter had in connection with mining? Mr. Philp replied : 1. No provision in the Aot for appointment of assistant inBpeotor, therefore no neoossltjr to hold certificate required by inspector. 2. Up to tho time of his arrival in Queensland Mr. Hunter was truineiV iu mining and oivil oiiginaoring under his father, who was vieo-presidout and member of the oouncilof the North Staffordshire In stitute of Miuing Enginoor, and Mr. J. R. Haines, F.G.B., A.M.I.C.E., of Alderly Green Colliery, Staffordshire. Siuco arriving in the colony Mr. Hunter has been engaged in mining pursuits iu the Ipswich distrlot, and Messrs. W. Stafford and John "Wright, ooal mino proprietors of that district, have testified to his fitnoss for the position. , SUPPLEMENTARY ESTIMATES." The House then went into Committee of Supply to consider supplementary estimates. Item, "Executive Counoil, &o.;," £430 12a., wns puBBcd. , On the itom, " Chief Seoretnry, Land Forces, Royal Commissions, &o.P; ' £185,326 lis. lid.— In reply to Mr Browne, Mr. Pun said the espouses oftho South African contingents to the end of tbo year were £143,804, but tboy had received £48,000 back from tho Imperial Government. Mr. Jenkinson objeoted to tho largo amount spent on Royal Commissions (£8,782 17s. 2d.), and as a protest moved that the item b& reduoed by £100. Mr. Stewart said the growing praotloe of appointing Roynl Commissions was deplor able. . Apparently the Government ap pointed them to stop the months of discon tented supporters, and ho advised thom to try Royal Commissions on the labour party next session instead of guillotining them. Mr. Maxwell said ho. intended to vote for the reduction of the item as it was usoless. in his opiuioDi to op|plnt Royal Commissions if j the Government ignored their recommenda tions. ' . . . Mr. Fogautt intimated that he would vote for the reduction because Royal Commissions entailed a waste of public money, and they should be stopped. The reduotion was negatived on tho fol lowing division : — Ayes, 18.— Messrs. Jenkiuson, Browne, Fogarty. Hardaere, Maxwell, Stewart, Lesina, Dawson, Ryland, Kerr, Bowman, Smith, Reid, Dunsford, McDonald. Turloy, Fisher, W. Hamilton. Noes, 25.— Messrs. Philp, Dickson, Dalryraple, O'Connoll, Chataway, Rutlodge, Foxton, Murray, Lord, J. O. Crlbb, Tooth, Stodart, Forsyth, Kent, Story, Bridges, Anneur, Forrest, Plunkett, Leahy, Mackin tosh, Macartney, Cowley. Callan, G. Thorn. During tho division Mr. Jenkinson called the attention of tho Ohatrmau to tho faot that members of Royal Commissions were voting on the. quostion. Ho thought their political . decency should prevent them doing this. They should follow the lead of Mr. Jackson, who had wnlkcd outside tho bar before tbo vote was taken. Mr. Leahy : You have got a monopoly deceuoy, have you not P Mr. At 'Donald : That's your misfortune. (Laughtor) . Mr. Jenkinson moved that the votes of Messrs. G. Thorn, Plunkett, Annear,'. Bridges, and Cowley be disallowed on iho ground that tbey were pecuniarily interested in the vote just takon. Mr. Cowley, in justification of v his vote, said the question wus simply a supple mentary vote, aud the amount had been absorbed by the commissions. The amounts had been paid to eaoh member of the various commissions. It was hot a question of pro posing to pay them. Mr. Annear severely criticised Mr. Jenkin- xon's action in challenging the votes. He would record his voto whenever it pleased htm — (hoar, hear)— and lie would toko no notice of Mr. Jenkinaon's baby talk. Air. Story defended the - notion of the five members in voting for the item. Mr. Plunk&tt; said the motion was tfie result of envy, aud ho would nob take his course of action from Mr. JenkiuRon. It had been said that Royal Commissions were appointed for tbo purpose of placating Government supporters, but such a conten tion could not bo maintained in bis case. Mr. Fjsher opposed tho argument used by Mr. Cowlby. If that argument wore carried out by the Government in all cases a fine state of tliiugs would happen. Mr. Keoqk said ho did not think that Mr. Jenkinson had acted well in bringing up the motion. As a member ot a Royal Com mission. he (Air. Kcogh) could say tnat What ever money lie had received he had spent honourably and straightforwardly. Air. Philp said that if it wub competent for members to Vote themselves an increase in Balary, it was competent for them to vote on a question of this kind. Mr. Smith thought tho five members mentioned should have refrained from voting. Mr. G. Thorn said he had earned his fees, and he saw no reason why his vote should be disallowed. Mr. McDonald asked whether Mt. Jenkin son was in order in challenging tho vote at that . stage. Recently the Chairman said tho proper time to cbaUcngo votes was at the report stage. Ho (Air. M 'Donald) .tried to get a definito rulibg on tho matter, but circumstances led up to his being suspended for a week. Now Mr. Jenkinson was doing exactly the same thing for which he (Mr. M 'Donald) was suspended. All he wished was that tho' House should have a definite procedure. The Chairman ruled that under present oircumstuuces this was the proper time to make tho challenge. Mr. M'Donald then moved that the ruling bo disagreed with. He pointed out that if the tuliug was right now the ruling on the night when he (Mr. M'Donald) was suspended was wrong, aud vice Versa. Personally he thought the present ruling was right. Mr. M'Donald whs frequently called 'to order by the Chairman. Continuing, he said that the Chairman had taken powers to himself to which he had no light. The Chairman's ruling was, upheld on the following division ' AYeB; 35.— Messrs. Philp, Dickson, Rut- ledge, Dalrymple, Murray, O'Connell, Fox- ton, Chataway, Kent, Campbell, Leahy, Stewart, Ryland, Bridges, Maxwell, J. U.' Cribb, Story, T. B. Cribb, Lord, Aunedr, Plunkett, J. Hamilton, Tooth; Jfenkinsou, Mackintosh, Bell, Forsyth, Callan, Smith, Macartney, G. Them, Lcslrifi, GlttBs&y;, Stodart, Tuvley. Noes, 6. — Messrs. Eorr, Bowman, M'Donald, Daweoii, Hardaere, Fogarty. Mr. HardAcrb complained of tho Waste of tithe taken up in disoiiHgitig a wrong proce dure. He asked the Chairman's ruling as to whether it was right to have a general dis cussion Oil a motion challenging votes. _ The Chairman explained that the discus sion was mainly on tne point of order. Thcmotion, that tho votes be disallowed, was negatived oh the following division :— Ayes, 17. — Messrs. Browne, Ryland, MvDonnhh Dawson, Hardaere, "W. Hamilton, Dibley, Turloy, Smith, Reid, Stewart, Max well,. Lesina, Kerr. Bowman jenkinson, Flunkett. Noes, 2S. — Messrs. Philp, O'Connell, Dal rymple, Rutlodge, Foxton, Chataway, Dick- sou, Murray, Campbell, Kent, Tooth, J. Hamilton, J. 0. Cribb, Stodart,. Bridges, T. B. Cribb, Story, Atincar, Flunkett, Mackin tosh, Stephenson, Glassoy, Forsyth, Lord, Bell, Macartney, Callan, G. Tkorh. The item wus then passed. On item, " Home Secretary's Department, £35,119 tSs. ad."— . Mr. Browne, referring to the matter of the Cambooya election, said the Premier, litul informed him tbat ho had no objection to a short discussion on that matter when ILh vote was brought up. The Chairman said that, according to " May," the practice was that discussion oii supplementary estimates should be confined entirely to the dims and application ' of tho Vote. He understood, however, that this matter was to be discussed by arrangemout. Mr. Cowley protested against the Cam- booya case being brought up on this vote. Mr. RurfcEDQis said ho would be glad to hear the discueainii go on, but he thought it Would bo highly injudicious if members touched particular matters in connection with tbo Cambooya case which was now subjudice. Mr. Lord protested against the ease being dismissed at that hour. The Chairman said that as several mem bers protested against the, matter being opened, lie would bare to strengthen his hands with "May," and rulo the mutter out of order. Mr. Hardaciik maintained that he had a perfect right to discuss this question, and he moved that the Ohairmau's ruling- be dis agreed with. He felt that thore was a desire to burke the question. Mr. Kidston supported this, Tho Chairman j I do not think it fait to introduce a discussion . on tho specific itom I have given a ruling on: (Hear, heal') Mr. Kidston claimed that .the voto on the motion to vote the salary of a cleric in the department concerned justified debate. The motion that the Chairmon's ruling be disagreed with was negatived on tho voices. Further discussion ensued. Mr. ICidston held that the aotion of a police officer was suoh as to indioate that he was instructed not to find out .the truth in the Cambooya cases. The Chairman: Order. Tho matter has been sottled by a voto of tho committee, and oould not be brought up again. . Mr. Kidston asked for a decision, Were members precluded from dismissing nolice votes? Tho Cuaxiuun declined to bo put from his provious rulings— tho Cambooya election could not be dismissed. During a desultory debate, which followod, Mr. W. Hamilton asked why new mem bers cleoted to the last Parliament had not boon supplied with copies of the statutes. (Laughter.) Mr. Foxton did nob know of coses where the volumes had been refused to members. (Renewod laughter.) Mr. Maxwell and Mr. HabdAobb assorted that suoh cases had ocourrcd. Mr. Haroaoru ulso put a question concern ing the Cambooya case. Mr. Pmr.r repeated a previous reply that the mutter boing. sub judics ho could not vouchsafe a reply. (Hour, hear.) Mr. HAEpAoaB wished to know. if matters not concerned in the sub judice question would be dealt with by tbo Govornmont. Mr. Phuj? : I will giro po other fchswor than that alreiidy given on this matter. . , Mr W. Hamilton:. X would like to know about the oopiea of the statutos. Why are We debarred from having thom ? ' Mr. Givens followed, and some further debnte occurred. Mr. J. Hamilton said tbat members had received statutes and had sold them. Op position members during tho session had been repeatedly making charges against members on that side of the Huuho for accepting bribes from syndicates. If there was any proof in the charges the Opposition members would Baikio a member of the Government who had received bribes. If thoy made such a oburgo an inquiry would bo held. But the Opposi tion members were afraid to name any member. Mr. Dawson maintained that a charge had been made against a mombor soiling the statutes. .Mr GlassbY hoped tho Home Seoretary would take soma measures to provide for old oouplcs living togothor instead of boing scut to Dunwioh under the provisions Whioh at present exist. Disoussiou took place on tho treatment of children of various religions in the industrial soliools Under religious bodies. Mr. Foxton, in reply to a member, said that boys and girls Were graded to those institutions according to their religion. In answer to a question by a labour member as to the value of land purchased for aboriginal home, South Brisbane, valued at £2o0, Mr. Foxton- said tbat the land was valued at a higher sum thou that paid by the Government, but in conse quence of it being below the level of 1893 flood the Govornmont got tho land for about a quarter of that valuation. The vote was agreed to. Items, "Buildings, Publitf Works Depart ment," £43,959 17s. 8d ; "Department of Justice," £3,479 16s. 6d. ; "The Treasurer," £10,728 14s. 4d., wore agreed to. On the item, "Department of Public Lands," £38,o05 10s. 9d.— Mr. W. HAMiLTONdrewattentiontoappoiat- monts being mode in' the drafting depart-, mont which Were contrary to the Public Service" Act. He contended appointments ware made whioh deprived offiuors of their seniority who had been in the department for 14 or 15 years. He hoped that an inquiry .would bo made, and any officer deprived of his seniority by these illegal appointments would be rein stated to his proper position. Mt. O'CbNNELL said ho wonld'be very glad if officers of the department would make ooraplamts to him. Up to the present no complaints had. been mado of unfair treat ment. He promised to make inquiries into the matter. The vote was agreed to. Items, "Department of Agriculture," £22,618 os. 2d; " Department of Publio In struction,' £2,lSi 44s. 3d., "DCpaVtiuont of Mines." £3,164 5a. ltid.; "Department of Railways," £39,053 los. 10d.; "Postmaster- General's Department," £2,042 0s. 3d.; " Auditor-Geueral'S Department," £211 7s.' 9d., werh agreed to. Item, "Supplementary loan estimates, 1899-1900," £85.849 10s. I0d., wa3 agrctid to. Item, "Supplementary trust fund esti mates, 1899-1900," £44,830 4s. 5d., was agreed to. SUPPLEMENTARY LOAN ESTIMATES. Ou the item, " Supplementary loan esti mates, 1900-1001," £185.000— Iu answer to a question by Mr. Cowley, Mr. Fiolp said that h6 intended to try and borrow a million and a-half of muuey in Australia next year to build the railway lines contained in the vote. He hslievcd the Government oould borrow a moderate sum at 3& per cent debentures. Mr. Cowley asked if it. Was tho intention of the Government to build the whole of the thirteen railways inoluded in tho vote? Ho referred to atiitem, £15,000, Dalby to Buuya Mountain line, and took exception to the amount being inoluded in the vote without members being apprised of tho fact. Was it binding on tbo House to itgreb to a vote passed by another Parliament ? Messrs. Leahy End Browne aupoorted Mr. Cowley's' contention, and were of opinion that a principle was involved. They did not think that a vote passed by a previous Parlia ment was binding on that House. Mr. StewarT nsketi how many of the rail ways mentioned in tho report the Government were prepared to build. Mr. Bell spoke iii support Of the construc tion of the Dalby to Buuya Mountain railway, Mr. Philp said the Government intended to go on with all the railways contained in the voto with the exception of Dartmouth to Stoneheiige Kile, which was nqt passed by thd Legislative Counoil. It would cost tho country & million and a-hhlf to construct the liucs contemplated, but he considered thoy oould spend half a million per year oil these railways. If the Government did this it would take three years to construct the lines. As he said before he intended to try aud bor row a million and a-half next .year in Aus tralia The lines intended to be built were Kilkivan to Coolabunia, Netting to Coolan- gatta, WdrWicktowardsGoondiwindi, Dray ton deviatiou, Esk towards Colinton, Dalby to Buuya Mountain (southern division), Glaastono to Rockhanlptou, Clermont to Blair Athol, Rockhatnptou branch to explosives wharf (central division), Mivani to Oattlo Creek, Hugh enderj. to Richmond, Mureeba to Athertou. There was a vote to locul bodies for the Ravenswood to Barton tramway. After disoussion, Mr. Callan moved, as an amendment, — "That tho voto be reduced by £10,000, by striking out the proposed railway Warwick to Gooiidiwlndi." Mr. Kidston aBked if it waft not possible to reintroduce the bill to build a railway from Dartmouth to Stonehcugo. Mr. Philp said it 'was not possible to rein troduce a bill in the same session. Mr. Kidston said if that was the case he would vote for tho amendment. At 11.55 p.m. Mr. StephenBon relieved Mr. Grimes in tho chair. SATURDAY DECEMBER 22. Tbo House contiutiod to sit after midnight. Mr-. Foitn&8t said he had Seen the Minister for Rnilwtys handing up certuin papers — (Mr. Callan: "It is untrue.")— to Mr. Oallao, aud it Wus very plain from which Bor co the amendment had sprung. Mr. Murray (Excitedly) : It is utterly untruo, Mr. Forrest : It is not. I saw the whole thing. The Aoiino-ChaibaUn: Ordor. At 12.30 a.m. Mr. Grimes resumed tho chair. Mr. PixiLp said that the line had b&en; passed by both Houses, and he did not aeo liow they oould reoonoilo that Hotion with refusing to pass the money for its construction. Mr. Dioxson denied buying used anv in fluence against tlib line. He deprecated thd policy of retaliation that hud been brought into the disoussiou. If the line was not built it would be a tremendous loss to Queensland. The House divided on the amendment, whioh was resolved in the nogatlvo. . AYeb, 19. — Messrs. Browne, Ryland, Cowley, Ken', Fisher, Maxwell, KidBton, W. Hamilton, Bold, Bowman, Cnllan, Dawson, M'Donald, Turloy, Stewart, Mackintosh, . Hardaere, Jackson, and Lesihu. NoeS, 27.— Messrs. Philp, Dickson, Rut- ledge, Foxton, Chataway, O'Connell, Dai ry mpio, Stodart, J. O. Cribb, Morgan, Dibley, J. Hamilton, ' Higgs, Fiunkotty Forrest, Leahy, Boll, M'Donnell, 1 Story, Bridges, Stophoneon, Lord, Forsyth, T. B. Cribb, Glassey, Campbell, aud Kent. Mr. Kidston asked why tho vote for tho Croydon to Georgetown railway was not in cluded in tho list of items. Mr. Philp reminded that member that tho line had been rejected by tho Upper House. Mr. Kidston asked how the amount (£16,000) for the Bunya to Dolby Mountain line come to be on the' paper when they had . not been asked to approve of the plans of the proposed lino. Mr. Philp said thoy had no need to have the plans approved of this session ; they had been passed years ago. The only way to inorease settleinont on th land was the build ing of such small agricultural lines as this. . Mr. Browne thought they might hate hod some fresh copies of the commissioner's report supplied to them ; it was 11 years old. Mr. Turkey said the proposal had boon a bit of a job when it was first got up. Mr. Mathleson, the then commissioner, had been at the beck and call of Sir Thomas M'Hwraith. They should have a report from the present commissioner. "What about the land tbat had been sold since ? Ho demanded further information. Mr. Turley spoke for 20 minutes. He was listened to by a fairly large number of raombera considering tho lateness of tho hour. Mr. Bell set himsolf industriously to knock down the Aunt Sallies which ho oon- ' judered the last speaker had set up, He knew there was a good ooui scam somewhere \- . ' 11 v in the district, and pictured the enormous traffic which must follow. Mr. Glassey beamed with the hope that, the line would be shelved until next session. With the latest and fullest information tho railway would then go through in a twink ling. Mr. Fish mi condemned the lino, and took 35 minutes in an attempt to prove that Dolby was not such a fine place as some people thought it was, which led to Mr. Bell -again taking up tho oudgels on behalf of his own particular distrlot. At 2.5 a.m. Mr. Leahy relievod Mr. Grimes in the chair. Mr. Kidston expressed all tho surprise of ' which he was capable at the .Premier asking the committee to agree to a vote for the rail way whioli they had heard nothing about until that afternoon. . Mr. Philp promised tbat he would get Mr. Gray to roport on the line, and if ha did not report favourably, after making all inquiries, ho would not go on with it. He Was also willing to ask Mr. Phillips to report on the line. Mr. Fiends : That is vety unfair to Mr. Gray. ; Mr. Kidston : Aud to Parliament Mh PmLR said they all oredited Mr Gray with being. an honourable man. Mr. Fisher Raid this would put Mr. Gray in a very difficult position. Thoy all knew of the little conflict between the Rttilwuy.Com- missioner aud the. member for Dalbyj and if the former reported ddvorsely> he would be oharged with a motive of personal anta gonism. Mr. Bell: Who would liiako the charge ? Mr. Fisher . I am not going to say. Mr. Kidston said he favoured the line, but ho objeoted to the manner in whioh the Gov ernment Imd.brought it down. Mr. Turley spoke again, and. during the first 10 minutes of his remarks Mr. Bell re peatedly offered suggestions that tho former should " give up the ghost " and lot tho com mittee divide. Mr. Turloy wus deuf to all appeals until the member for Dalby accused him of being "the biggest windbag in the House." Mr. Turloy resented this, aud Mr. Bell was advised that ho ought not to say such nasty things. Mr Bell apologised, and the member for Brisbane South continued hard at it makiug au efficient stonewutl speech. Members tried hard to recognise that it was the last night of the Ression, and that they might as well keep awake for once, but the effort was too muoh for the mujority. Mr Turloy was persistent. He Suggested thut if a shuffle of the cards took place and Mr. Philp no longer held tho reins of govern ment, what would his promise be worth P Mr. Philp was not prepared to say. He only knew what ho would do. Mr. Turley finished speaking at: five minutes past 3, having spoken for 50 minutes. At this time tho Premier interrupted by stating that he dirl not feel justified in keep ing the House up later. He would lot the bill stand over until next session j and get the commissioner's report upon tho ruiltvay. (Opposition members : " Hear, hoar.") He moved that the vote be reduced by £15,000 ill order that tho railwuy from Dalby to Bunya Mountain be omitted from the list of supplementary estimates. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Bell objected strongly to tho rights of the Dalby pcoplo bking kept from them by the talk of tho junior member for Brisbane South. Notwithstanding the signs of pleasure with which tho Opposition received the Premier's proposal. Mr. Fisher began to occupy more time by blaming the Government for having brought forward the proposal to give solne members ou tlult side the opportunity to sluto their opponents, but finally resumed his seat after Urgent requests tendered by Mr. Turloy and others. The motion was carried. Mr Philp mbved that the vote be further reduced by £10,090, allowed for tho railway from Dartmouth to 9toncbcngo. In reply to u question by Mr. Kidston, Mr. PHilp stated that this and tlie Dalby line would be brought in early next session if ho was still at the head of the Government. Tho motion was carried and the Voto then passed. Progress was reported. Tho House in committee considered the vote fbr loan proposals for 1900-1901, totalamouiit £2,090,000. The PnRiiiER stated that he intended to float a loan of £1,000,000 iu Australia this year, it not being desirable or necessary to get the whole amount at ondfe. He thought they could afford to float tho loan at 34 per cent Thoy had £1, 130,000 iti the loan fuud in .London, £500000 in the Qiieeuslaiid National Bank, and £424, 000 at fixed deposit, and an amount of gold on account of Treasury notes. He intended to use some of the money in the Government Savings Bank ; it was the people's, and they should benefit by it. The bank bad libw a credit balance of £50000. Mr Kidston was glad to hear that a loan was to be floated iu Australia. It would be better far Queensland to pay per cent for money hero than 3 "per cent in London. He hoped the Savings Bank Act would be amended so that the Government could use the money frequently. Mr. Fisher &sk;»d if the email- men would be .allowed to make investments. Air. Pjiilp said the rulo was to allow people with small means as much monoy as they asked for under u certain limit. The minimum would probably be £10. The vote Was passed. A bill founded ou tbo stated proposals was Was introduced and passed through its several stages and ordered to be forwarded to the Legislative Counoil. appropriation bill. Ah Appropriation Bill (No. 4), covering the total estimates for the year 1900-1901, was introduced and passed through tbenccoa- sftry stages up to the third reading, which was made au ordor for a later hour of tho eittiug. MESSAGES FROM COUNCIL. Messages were received from tho Council notifying approval of tho plans, &e.;, of tho proposed railway extensions from E.-k to Colinton, and Central Railway to explosives wharf, Rockkampton, also assoht to the Harbour Boards Act Amendment Bill, Municipal Loim Bill, Customs and Excise Duties Bill, agreeing with Assembly's amendment in the Presbytcriau Church of Australia Bill, and returniug Grammar Schools Aot Amendment Bill with amdud- ments. Tho Council's amendments in tho latter bill were agreed to; also Council's amendments in the Defence Acts Amend ment Bill. FACTORIES AND SHOPS BILL. The Council's Amendments in the Factories and Shops Bill Were considered iu committee, Mr. Foxton said ho proposed to accept all the amendments. The moat important wus that relutiug to wholesale houses bciug exempted from tho definition of shops. Mr. Cowley objeoted to the amendment. Ho thought wealthy firms should be placed on the same footing with small shopkeepers. Mr. Oahpbell wondered how a definition was to ho drawn betweeu wholesale and retail plaoes. Mr. M'Donnell said ho would like to have wholesale houses inoluded, but ho would- rather accept the amendment than have tho bill loBt for this session. Air. Philp said tbo wholesale men in variably treated their employees hotter than the retail. The Council's amendment was agreed to, also all the other amendments passed. Progress was reported, and the bill ordered to be returned to the Counoil. APPROPRIATION BILL (No. 4). The Appropriation Bill (No. 4) was read a third time, paBsed, and ordered to be for- wardod to the Counoil by message .in the usual form. At 5.36 a.m. > the House adjourned until 10.15 a.m. For the past quarter of a ooutury there has been one continuous flow of lotters boating testimony to thetruly woodorful cures offeotod by Clarke's World- famed Blood Mixture, \- the finest Blood Purifier that science aud mcdiual skill have brought to light," Suf ferers from Sorofula, Scurvy, Ecsema, Bad Legs, Skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples and Sores of any kind are solicited to givo it a trial to test its v&luo.; Sold everywhere, at 2s.( 9d. per bottle. Beware of worthless imitations and substitutes. Tho laymen of the Presbyter! an Oliurch of Otago and Bouthlnud, Now Zealand, : are rttieiug' funds to assist desirable young mon in preparing for tho ministry, but whoso oiteutnat&ucea; are too strdiucd to enable tbem to pay their own expenses during the six years' course Of training which is required. 