WE WANT OUB COUNTRY. ?/'?'.. ? '?'???? . '''XL' The fact is that zoologists have made : a mistake. They rank man as the chief aniunl. The rest are set down as his inferiors. Being men themselves, the zoologists have given a prejudiced judg meiv. determined .by vanity. _ It is Decenary fo- get rid o? self-conceit before .w.+ w n.no aid's nnn 'inrlo'fi. When we come to consider that the kangaroo, for instance, is an animal that occupies the earth as of right from the moment of its earliest emergence from the internal poach; thab it does not recogniRB the claim of anyone to levy tribute upon it, and does not admit any obligM'iua on its part to abstain from inhabting and turning to account any portion of the land as not being its 'property in fee simple or any less esutte' — and when, on the other hand, we find man acknowledging in the most ignorninibua fashion, all the days of his life, that he has no right to be where he is, except by purchased favour: our reliance upon the trath of instinct, cer tainly, compels us to conclude that man is* inferior, since he carries about with him such a convincing consciousness of being a personal violation of the fitness of things, and an individual outrage upon the harmony of the Universe. At this point, moreover, there is not the ghost of a ' conflict between religion and science;' for it is logically evident that ah individual conceiving himself as placed on earth by God, and yet without any I'ly U[ \jU utj UIJ.oI.Cj auu nuu i/uoioiuio humbly pays rent to make (as in duty bound) his own amends for God's mis take, cannot be considered superior or equal to those creatures in which Grod has implanted the sense of their right to be, result' ng from His having lookad upon His workmanship in them and seen that it was good. The Darwinian hypothesis is that animal life evolves from the lower to the higher by the continual exercise of sel fishness supported by sympathy— the struggle for self-preservation and ad vancement, and association for the struggle. In these essential elements, man is lamentably deficient ; conse quently it is plain that he is infinitely lower in evolution than the other animals. Take for consideration this great instinct of self-interest ; would it not, if it existed within him, cause him to affirm forth with bis intention to inhabit the earth freely and without asking or paying for leave ? Does a laughing- jackass see snakes and go hungry ? Does he think himself debarred from using what Nature provides, and that he must first go and ask leave to UBe some snake, and pay for getting that leave ? Not he. He has the instinct of self-preservation. , Man, on. the other hand, so far from being selfish enough to insist on using the land that Nature provided . around him, humbly admits that he would be very wicked to enjoy it unless duly licensed and, complying with terras of payment imposed for the permission. Of his own accord he gets up out of his home when he, can't pay rent, and goes and tramps abput the streets or jumps into the Yarra. If man possessed the first element of progress— the' sense of self interest— there would be none of this ; every man would forthwith insist ab solutely and unconditionally upon dwell ing freely on ear fch,simply because he chose to ; and if he possessed the faculty of sympathy and association— the second Darwinian element of progress — we should not see the people letting each other go without the right, so far as^ united might could make it, to inhabit freely the world they were born into. If we wish to redeem ourselves from the plain imputation of being inferior creatures, destitute of the elements of further development, and unfit to sur vive, then, we mast exhibit sufficient selfishness to want our country and get it. ' If we want to be redeemed from the imputation of moral inferiority we must produce that amount of reasonable sel fishness. To love our neighbour as our selves, and love ourselves so little as to go without the elementary rights exer cised by the ' beasts that perish,' is to love our neighbours so little chat they have nothing to be thankful for. New York city has 100,000 unemployed Australia, with less than 4,000,000 people, has six Parliaments. Ireland, with 4,500,000, has none. * * ♦ In New York the. public-house bars. are served by two gangs of men, one lot work'ng from 5 a.m. to 2.30 p.m., the other from 2.30 to 12 p.m. ? ???? : * ? . * Tbe municipal Council of Zurich (Switzerland) has decided to institute municipal insurance for all its em ployes. The insurance will be against accident, sickness and o'd age. * * * The gas workers of Limerick have obtained an increase of 2s. per week and their wa^res in future will be 17s, per week, instead of 15s. as formerly. They demanded ao increase of 3i. per week. ♦ » - * A young 'roan who was an excessive drinker, and spent three-parts of his wages at a certain public- house, went homo one nierht a bit the worse for drink. He went to bed and dreamt he saw four rats. One was a fat one, two were lean ones, and the other was a blind one. When he came down the next morning he felt uneasy and told his father. So his father said, ' Doesn't ta see it, lad ? The fat one is the landlord, the two lean ones is me and thy mother, and the blind oce is thyself.' He is tee total now. * . * * An election for the Landtag — the local Parliament — of Bavaria, at Nurem berg, has taken place. The Socialist, Haller von Hallerstein, was elected ;- the .elections in Bavaria are indirect, first delegates are chosen and these elect the member. In the same town Dr. Sudodum, a Socialist, has been elected to the Reichstag— which is the Parliament _ for the whole of the German Empire— by over 6000 majority. In this case the election is by universal manhood suffrage. The new member is the editor of the local Socialist organ. V In Berlin the firemen wear water jackets with a double skin, which they are able to fill with water from the hose. If the space between the two layers becomes over - filled tbe water escapes through a valve at the top of the helmet and flows down over the fireman like a cascade, pro tecting him doubly. The smoke helmets, largely used in Germany, Austria, Holland and Italy, enable the bearer to breathe and see at his ease in a smoke-laden atmosphere.. In some in stances the apparatus includes a means of telephonic communication with the street below. Several members of the Boot and Shoe Operatives' Union have been placed on the sick fund of the union suffering from lead poisoning, due, it is supposed, to the use of powders which are known as Chinese and red and yellow chrome, which are used for finishing boots. Samples of the powder have been sent to Somerset House for analysis, and 0. L. Wright, the factory inspector, has mean time forbidden their use. It would be interesting to know if the use of such materials is general in the boot trade, and what effect it has upon the wearers of the boots. — 'Labour Leader' (Eng.). ' . . . *. * ? ? ' * In a communication for the special May Day number of 'Justice' Herr Liebknecht said : — ' While I am writing this the Easter bells are tingling in my ears the nineteen-century-old lie : The Saviour has arisen nineteen centuries ago, the Saviour whose gospel was to bring peace on earth and good will to ?mankind — nineteen centuries ago. I think of the ten millions of armed men in Europe who have been taught scien tific and lawful murdering, and ?who are ready at the command of any idiot: in power to murder scientifically and law fully one another and to change into a red sea of blood the wheat- grown plains of Europe. And not pnljr ?scientifically and lawfully; i-po murder, , but ^Chrisfciaii-iy tob; The same bells that are now tinglingiin my ears will, when the opportunity offers itself, solemnly ring to honour and to strengthen the scientific and s lawful murderers, and the mouth of the priest' will tell them all— friend and foe-7-thafc Christ, the, Saviour, is. with them, tHat peace on earth and good will to mankind means dam duin bullets, lyddite bombs and bayonets, and that, tha god of Ctiris; tianity and Christian charity iraposes „ murder as a Christian duty.' ^ : V 