THE NOVELIST. LUCILLA'S INHERITANCE. CHAPTER XXIII. 'He certainly mado no mention of Miss Raeburn. Tlio will was drawn np by Mr, Bond many years ago, bofore my cousin came to live with my grandfather. But he know mo well enough to feel assured that she would be amply pro vided for. I have already instructed Mr. Bjnd to make a settlement on her. Harris shook his head. ' I know you would do that, sir. You would not be the master's grandson if you did not. But you will find ho did not leave it to you. There is another will a imewhero. His words to mo wore Harris, I nm settling my affairs, and making my will. I want you and John to sign it.' Then ho got out a long thick paper, ana, wnon conn anu i were «w,lu ing before him, ho said, 'You jioth understand that this is the last will I have mode, and that I am now signing it in your presence V Then ho signed it, and John and I signod it. Ho put it back into a bluo envelope, and sighed and looked mournful, as if something weighed ou his mind. Toko my word for it, sir — you will find that will yet.' 'But whoro f Redwald said. 'Mr. Bond has looked through all tlio Squire's p ipers, and has found nothing. I do not mind telling you, Hairis, that for a short timo my grandfather had a stight mis understanding with mo, owing to a mistake ho had mado about me ; but it was all cleared up boforo ho died. The will you speak of may bo in existence, though I am of opinion it was destroyed. I leave it to you to make a search. Mr. Bond doos not UOlieve more is any aucn will, for ho says ho would have been summoned to draw it up. There is >10 me in speaking any moro to him on tho mittcr. You yourself will go carefully through everything in my grandfathor's rooms ; and, if you find nothing, wo may bi certain that there is nothing.' Harris gladly consented ; and Redwald returned to Mr. Bond. His footstep was slow as I10 went to the library, where ho had left tlio lawyer ; and tho gentleman perceiving his gravity and melancholy, set himsolf to divert his mind from recent ovonts by a long business conversation, in which after a while Redwald became interested. Tho supposi tion of there being any will but tho one he had drawn up, appeared to Mr. Bond so preposterous that ho had completely dismissed it from his mind, and hod oeosed from connecting Redwald's present anxiety with any foar on that score. Their talk continued lato into the night, and, when at last they rose so separate, the subject of tho supposed will hod passed almost as completely out of the mind of the one as of tho other. ' Did you think you heard a knock at the door Y Redwald asked, looking to- wadrs it. ' No — but my hearing is cot so acute ns it once was. Bettor sec 1' Mr. Bond moved towards tho door, and opened it. There was no one outside, but Redwald was convinced that he hod heard a sound as of some one retreating from it. Hb mused the lawvcr. and looked kccmlv up and down the passage without Rceing anything to justify his belief. As he was returning, u door near him was cautiously opened, and he saw Harris, making vehement gostures of caution, bockonitig to him to coino inside. Tho old dread returned in such over whelming force to Rodwald that ho felt as if he were rooted to tho spot. The surrounding objects seemed to danco and rkel before him for a moment, and then his sigiit became so keen that ho could discern that Harris hold something white in his hand, which a moment afterwards took the shape of a paper, folded length wise, answering to the description of tho document lie had said he had seen in Mr. Hereford's lianda His search had been successful. Not only had a will been made, but that will had boon discovered. Redwald's footstep was firm as he m >vcd townids Harris- arid Jnid his hand upon his shoulder. His voico did not quaver as hu bade him bring Whatever ho lie bad found into tbo library, where the lawyer still waited. Nevertheless that moment was to him the moment of renunciation. His dread bad been realised. Tho worst had come upon him. He had Bv>un ilia luau— ivi UIUIIJ n iwijj utty, ui. i least — of the vyoman who a moinontl before bad been liis promised wifo. By 1 one stunning blow all had boon wrested from him — love, home, place, worldly goods. His face was very paio as he t >ok the paper from tho old man, but his hand did not tremble. Ho only looked steadfastly at him and said — l/uiiju j ' He did not beliovo there was any tiling, sir,' Harris whispered. 'I thought I would show it to you by yoursolf.' ' No — he must see whatever there is. Come 1' Rodwald preceded tho old man, and tlioy entered tho library. Mr. Bond was Rtanding, looking expectantly towards tho door. Something in the face of tho new owner of Hereford Chase sturtled him. Uo glanced from him to tho paper in his hand, and seemed to comprehend — at least partly. ' You havo found something 1' ho said sharply, uddressing Ilurris. ' It is my grandfathor's lust will,' Redwald said slowly. ' Nonsense 1' Mr. Bond returned gruffly. ' Tiie last will was read today, and there is no other. I always told you so. What doos this 0I1 man know about it I1 ' He was one of tho witnesses.' ' "Witnesses 1 What foliv 1 As if Mr. Hereford would draw up a will without my being summoned !' ' I could swear it was not there lost night,' Harris said, growing anxious as ho looked into tlio faces of the two mon before him. ' I found it in tho pocket of a coat he often wore, and I had gone through all tiie pockets of everything twice before. I brought nil I found to Mr. Redwald ; and I could not have missed seeing that.' A cold dew broko out on Redwald's brow, and a thrill ran through his frame. The certainty was dcoponiiig each moment that all was lost, and for tho first timo u dim comprehension stole into his mind of how his ruin hod been accomplished. Ho looked towards the lawyer. It is a most unaccountable thing,' I pfr. Bond said irritably, 'that you will both porsist in the serious belie! that there is, or could bo, a later will than tho 0110 which I read today 1 This paper which I hold in my hand will tarn ont to bo some unimportant document, not worth the reading. It is much ado about nnf.ltmff VAn will finrl ' 'You are mistaken,' Rodwald replied quietly. ' When you havo road tho document you will see that it is moro serious than you have any conception of.' ' Harris, still looking from ono face to the other, felt hie own turn pale from an indefiablo apprehension. It had seemed to him to ben triumph to find the will, and to bo able to vindicate himsolf before Mr. Bond, who had treated lira statpmgnt with such contempt. He bod hurried with it to Redwald, and, finding that ho was not alone, hail withdrawn nniil ha could lay it before his new master after tho lawyer hnd loft. Now ho began vaguoly to wish that his right hand had bean cut off boforo it drew tho fatal paper irom ira nming-pioce, wiai. nis oignu nau been blasted boforo it lighted upon it. He trembled so perceptibly that Redwald noticed it, and, turning towards the lawyer, directed him to lose no further time in acquainting himself with the contents of tho pocket ho held in his hand Mr. Bond oboyed with visible roluc- tanco. Tho apprehension of tho other two hod already in some degree com- muniacted itself to him. Slowly he broke open the envelope which enclosed the fateful document. The envelope boro no superscription, moroly the date written in Mr- Hereford's shaky handwriting — ' March 28th, 18 — ' He looked blankly towards Redwald. ' A week before my return from London,' tho young man said. ' Open it and read it — there is no use in delay.' Mr. Bond compliod, but he did not roarl aloud. JHetore doing so 110 giancea rapidly over the document which ho had drawn from tho envelope. Ho had not read many lines before tho paper fell from his hands, and hu looked at Rodwald with a blanched face. CHAPTER XXIY. Tub news of Mr. Hereford's death had quickly reached Miss Porcival in London ; and she at once determined to return homo for a time, in ordor to bo on the qpot during tho changes which must necessarily take place. Nora hod been a favourite of tho old man's ; it was possible that he had remouiberod hor in his will ; qnd alio also secretly cherished a faint hope, that she, tho friend and protectress of Nora, might como in for some share of tho monoy that was to be disposod of. . Sho and Nora startod one morning shortly after tho news of Mr. Hereford's death had reached thorn ; and Mrs. Bernard, on tho vory afternoon she had brought Lucilla home, received a visit from hor niece. Miss Porcival had driven on to soe some one else, and bad left Miss Vornoy at the door of her aunt's honso, where she was to call for hor ou her return. Mrs. Bernard received Nora coldly. Sho was in daily dread of an intimation from Dudloy that that ho and his cousin wore engaged. At this period of Mrs. Bernard's life, hor children wero causing her more anxietv than satisfaction. It was true that Mr. Mcrivaio had departed without definitely proposing to Rosalo, and it was probable that he would allow an interval to elapso after tho death of such an old friend of tho family, as Mr. Hereford, before he ronowed his atten tions ; but this might bo only a short respite. Rosalio was obstinately bent on accepting him, and would do bo at tlio first opportunity. If Dudley wero to complete his mother's misery by marrying Norn, sho folt that hor cup of bitterness would indeed bo full. She looked at Nora as she came in, and wondorod at Dudley's infatuation. To her eyes there was nothing striking about Nora, in her simple dress and hat, nor was slic beautiful. Sho took entirely after her Irish mother, and not in any par ticular after tlio handsome Vcrnoys. She allowed Nora to kiss her on tho chcok; but her reception was not at all cordial. 1 When did you come Y sho asked languidly. 'I hnd no idea that Miss Poroival thought of leaving town Y ' Nor had I, until two days ago. Are Rosalio and Elizabeth with you, or are | they still at Qrcssy Court V iww uiu jruu mww uwy were mora r Mrs. Bernard asked, looking jealousy at her. ' Both Amabel and Elizabeth write. I have not scon Dudloy since Amabel left London, if that is what you moan.' ' Mrs. Bernard coloured faintly. ' No — tlioy are both here. We returned only to-day. Luuillln is with us, and is vory much upsot at her grandfather's death I' ' Ho did not leave her anything by his will Y ' No ; but sho will not suffer by that. Redwald says ho will settle something on lior. It is tho least ho can do, after all hor attention to his grandfather.' ' Redwald will do whatovor is fair and generous. I sunnoso Lucilla camo with you to-day Y ' Y os. It is very strango that sho should havo been left nothing, ltosulio and Elizabeth are witli hor, trying to clieor hor. I think it a pity to call them down.' ' Do not think of it. I shall sco them at some other timo. Miss Percival will remain for a week or ton days.' ' Now that wo are alono,' Mrs. Bernard said, glancing round and lowering her voice, ' I think I ought to take tho oppor tunity of Raying ono or two things to yon which I havo been wishing for somo time to say. I am rather glad, on tho whole, tiint you called this evening.' ; ' Thank you.' ' As you are my nioco, it is natural I should be interested in your future. My children have unfortunately given way to somo very foolish idens about gotting settled in life ; and I want you to avoid imitating thorn.' ' Which of your children Y ' Rosalie for one. I do not wind saying to you that she seems bent on carrying on a ridiculous flirtation with a Mr. Mcrivaio, whom she mot in London. Ho is a most unsuitable person in overy way, if sho would only boliovo me.' ' I cortninly ngroe with you there.' 'You find it, easy to agreo, with rao when wo speak of a third party; but perhaps you will not be so open to reason when I come nearer homo. Dudley is in a fair way to bo rained through you 1' Through mo? May I ask in what WHrhero is no use in looking bo haughty. nora. xou anuw very — or at least wob, absurdly infatuated about you, and that it was through your influence that ho wrecked all his prospects, and went off to carry out his mod idoa about doctoring I' 'I do not know about my influence having had anything to do with it; but, to my mind, it was tho moat sensible thing he over did in his life.' 'You will allow mo, his mother, to hold a different opinion. You profoaa to havo doubts oa to who tho person was whose influence induced him to leave home; but every ono knows that it was to please you he went.' Nora's eyes softened and brightened as she looked at her aunt, but the old moiancnoiy w|inw«uii m-muw, m » moment. Sho waited In silenco. ' If you are bent- on marrying,' Mrs. Bernard wont on, in an angry complain ing tone, 1 could you not fix on some one instead of Dudloy? I daro say, now thnt people know yon have a little fortuno, you will rocoivo a number of proposals, if you try to make yourself agreeable. There is no use in your elinging to Dudloy ; for he has nothing to offer you, and never will have. Ho is in London now, to be sura, close to yon, and you can seo him whenever you please , but I must say that we all think yonr conduct very unmaidenly in trying to retain yonr influenco against his family's wishes — all tho more so when you know it can result in nothing but ruin to him.' 'His family? What members of his family do you mean ?' jtosauo hiishs as x uo xur uuu. 'According to you, Rosalie is not in a position to criticise tho conduct you ascribe to me I' ' And Amabel and Cressy,' Mrs. Ber nard pursued, feeling regret that she hod spoken with such frankness of Rosalie. 'They havo not said anything, but I know they agree witli mo. It cannot be vory pleasant for Cressy to have a brother- in-law iu Dudley's position, nnd to know that, miserable os that position is, ho will bo dragged yet lowor . by a foolish love- affair. That is all it con ever be — you need never dream of raarriago I' I do not dream of marriage,' Nora said, rising and looking very pale and sad. ' I put an end to that long ago, and it will never bo spoken of again. I havo no wiah to entrap your son into any lovo-affair with mo, nor will he allow himself to bo entrapped. He is not the weak easily-led dupe you imagino. Ho will make and shapo his own future ; and in that future I shall have no part. I have your word for it that Rosalia and Amabel aharo your opinion of me ; and, that being tho case, I shall not again darken your doors. You shall not have to repent what you have said. Tlio legacy which Mr. Hereford loft mo will provide sufficiently for my needs until I obtain another situation. I shall remain with Miss Percival only until sho secures some ono to fill up my place. Farewell 1' 'Nora, Nora!' cried Mrs. Bernard, alarmed at tho result of her remarks. It was ton Into linwnvnr. With her last words, Nora had hurried away, and the shutting of tho front door announced her final doparture. She would not wait for Miss Porcival. Sho had drno for over with tho Bernards. Hor old post lifo had been swept from hor by the stinging words which Mrs. Bernard had uttered. When tho first bitternoss of woundod feeling was over, Nora began to feel glad of tho course into which she had boon hurried. She had learned only an hour or two boforo of the legacy which Mr. Hereford hod loft her, and whon sho sot out on her visit to her aunt, she had hardly realised that sho was no longer penniless ; hut now tho fact became impressed on her mind. Sho need not wait until sho had secured another situation before sho left Miss Pcrcivui. Sho might give her notice on tho morrow, nnd bo frco in a fow weeks. Her paco was so rapid that sho had walked a considerable distnnco before Miss Percival overtook hor. Miss Porcivul was in a state of intense dis pleasure. , ' I was under tho impression, Miss Vernoy,' alio said, ' that I had arranged so cau lor you an your aunt s. tuny 1 inquire your reason for upsetting my plans, nnd leaving me uncortain as to whether you intend to return or not ?' ' I am sorry if I put you to any inooiivcnienco,' Nora answered, taking her seat beside her irato mistress. ' I directed tho maid to say that I had walked ou.' jsverytning seemed in sucli a painful whirl to hor that she scarcely heard Miss Percivnl's words, and hor replies were some what vague. Sho had determined to wait until tiie morrow before speaking to her omployor. Sho feared eho might not bo ablo to control herself sufficiently to speak with tho calmness with which alio wished to speak. The curious dazed feoling continued to incrooso until it becaino un agonising nervous headache, making any action impossible whilo it lasted. She was unablo tho next morning to raiso hor head from the pillow, and Alias Percival left hor at homo to rest, while sho herself went to spend tho day with a friend. Tho headache wore of as evening drew near ; and Nora dressed nnd went down-stairs, looking, as shn torined it, ' the ghost of herself.' Sho hnd not been long in tlio sitting-room whon a ring announced somo lato visitor, and, boforo she could get away, Elizabeth Bernard came in. ' Elizabeth 1' was all that Nora could say, as alio rose and supported herself by a chair that stood near her. Sho had hoped that tho past was done with ; but, seeing hor cousin, tho sharp pain which hod almost ceased came back to hor temples. 'Yes — it is I,' Elizabeth answored, looking at her with a keen searching glance 'Sit down, Nora; you have been having one of your old hoadachos. You seem ill.' ' I am bettor,' Nora said, passing her hand across hor brow. She seated herself, but did not look at Elizabeth. ' Of course I know what gavo it to you,' Elizaboth wont on calmly. 'When I camo down-stairs, mamiiia told mo about everything sho had said to you. . Sho confides ovorytbiug to mo sooner or later- But that was not tho only matter thnt brought mo over. What mamma said was all nonsense. Dudley's going to London was the only 6ensiblo thing ho over did in his lifo, and every ono except mamma has been glad of it. As to your o.ying to entrap him, nobody, not oven mamma, believes that. It will bo years boforo he can think of marrying, and I am auro he will bo no great catch in the end. But that was not what I camo over for, Elizabeth said nt longth. 1 It was something a great deal more important than that. Mamma would not call mo down whon you wore at our houso yesterday, because, sho said, I was trying to choor Lucilla Raoburn. But sho did not wont any cheering. Sho had had a fright, and was glad to got away from tho Chase for a day or two, but otherwise eho was in tho best of spirits. Sho tried of course, occasionally, to look mournful, but sho was not in the least sorry for Mr. Hereford's death.' ' 1 gavo hor credit tor reeling some mortification becauso sho was nut men tioned in the will.' 1 Who Raid sho was not mentioned in the will ?' ' Aunt Isabel told mo so yoRterdoy.' 1 Did it over ntriko you,' said Elizabeth, after thinking for a moment, ' that every one took quite coolly tlio finding of Air. Hereford in tho Ploasaunco ? No ex planation was attempted or even thought of. Ono would have thought that ho was in the habit of sleeping every night in the arbour, from tho way in which people talked about his having died there. It seems to mo that it is not the only strange tiling that lies happened lately at the Clioso. I nover believed that Lucilla would have been as many months as she hod been with Air. Hereford without making him provido for her.' What do you meant mere wns no thing about her in tiie will.' 'Nothing in tho will that was read yesterday. You will find the will that is to bo read to-day will lx< diffurcnt.' Nora sat up suddenly and looked at Elizaboth, tlio colour lushing into her pale chocks. ' Do you mean.' she said, ' that a later will has been found ?' ' Precisely. I was not surprised whon Lucilla was sent for.' 'Tell me about it,' Nora urged. 'Go on, Elizabeth I Yon torture me by de laying 1' There will be no montion of yon in it,' Elizabeth went on, glanoing at her. ' You wore never a favourite of Luciiln's. This morning, about nine o'clock, a mes sage came from Mr. Bond at Hereford Chase to say that Miss Rnoburn was to return immediately, as an important document had been discovered lute last night, whieh it was necessary sho should bo mode aware of. Lucilla was not down-stairs when it came, sho was hnving breakfast in her own room, and she sent for mamma in a hurry to accompnny her. I went np to sec how she took tlio nows, and sho seemed greatly surprised. I was not surprised.' (to ne continued). 