[INTERESTING ITEMS. Hares are held to be uneatable by the Boers, Kaffirs, and Hotten tots, because in his body are sup- posed to reside the spirits of the departed. No man would care to dispose of his deceased grand- mother's ghost at the festive board. Even his mother-in-law's might not prove palatable! The fact that English folk eat hares is only one more proof of the weird be- haviour of the Uitlander. One kind of Kare, the " springhaas," certainly acts as if he were a spook, by hopping about with a kangaroo-like movement at night only. In the day he is as if he were not. Dr. Gatling, the inventor of the murderous instrument that bears his name, is a benign and very patriarchal-looking man of science, who has for a long time now been chiefly occupied in perfecting an automobile steam plough, and it is not long since he-as to whom it is asserted that his gun has killed 300,000 human beings-devoted his inventive brain to devising a new means for roasting an ox whole, such an appliance being re- quired for a huge Sunday-school picnic. He is also the chairman of many philantrophic societies, which he liberally supports with money he has solely derived from the man-killer. Medical men are always finding out fresh sources of danger to poor humanity. A doctor says that there's typhoid in celery. Another declares there is tuberculosis in old postage stamps. The last men- tioned is a surgeon in the French army, and his servant was a stamp collector, who moistened the stamps on his tongue. The practice struck the doctor as dangerous, so he soaked, 300 of these stamps in sterilised water, and from this eight guinea pigs were inoculated. The whole of them died, showing tuberculous lesions. Tho moral is do not affix postage stamps yourself, but give them to the office boy to lick. An English or Australian author has copyright for 42 years, or seven years after his death, which ever period is longest. In France authors have copyright during their lives and for 50 years after wards. In Russia the law is now the same as France. In Germany the protected period covers the life of the author plus 30 years. In Spain the period of protection is the author's lifo plus 80 years. In Italy copyright lasts during the author's life, or a term of 40 years, and at the end of the longer of these terms another term of 40 years begins. In the United States copyright lasts for 28 years, and then for a further term of 14 years, if at the end of the 28 years the author or the widow or child of his be living 