Straight Up and Down Religion. Sermon Br Hev. Dr. Talmace. "And the Lord said unto me, Amos, ■what seest thou? and I said, A plumb line."—Amos viL 8. - - THE solid masonry of the world has for me a fascination. Walk about, some of the triumphal arches and the cathedrals, four or six hundred years old, and see, them-stand as erect as when they ■aero huilded, walls of great height, for centuries not bending a ■ quarter of an ..inch . way or that. 'So greatly honoured were the masons ] wliovSuilded these walls that they wci;e ji»^ .from taxation and called "frfc" ma \- sons. The trowel gets most of the credit for these bandings, and its dear ringing on stone and brick lias sounded across the ages. Bat there is another implement of just as much importance as the trowel and my text .recognises it. Bricklayers stonemasons and carpenters, in. the building of walls, use an instrument made of a cord, at the end of. which a lump of lead .is fastened. They drop it over the side of the wall, and, as the plummet natu rally seeks the centre of gravity in the earth,. the workman discovers where the wall recedes, and where it bulges out, and \- just what-is the perpendicular. Our text ^represents God as standing on the wall of character which the Israelites had built, and in that way testing it, "And the Lord • said unto^ axe,.. Amos, what seest-thou? and I said, ^A plumb-line." "What- the world wants is straight up-and-down' rtK giop. Much of the so-called piety of the day bends this way and that, to suit the. times. It is oblique, with a low state of • sentiment-and morals. We have all been building 'a wall of character, and it is glaringly imperfect and needs reconstruc tion. r'How shall it be brought into per*: pendicuiar? Only , by the Divine measure ment. • "And the Lord said unto me, Amos, what seest thou? and I'said, A plumb-line." The whole tendency of the .times is to make us. act by the standard ^oTwhat others do. We throw over the waH of -our character the tangled plumb line of other lives, and reject the infallible test which Amos saw. The question for me 6hould not be what you think is right, but what God thinks is right. This per petual reference to the behaviour of others, as though it decided anything but human fallibility, is a mistake as wide as the world. There ore ten thousand plumb-lines iu use, hut -only one is -true and exact, and that ia the Hue of God's eternal right. There is a mighty attempt being mads to reconstruct and fix up the Ten Command ments To many tney seem too rigid. The tower of Pisa.leans over about thir teen feet from the 'perpendicular,, and people go thousands' of miles to see its graceful inclination, and learn how, by extra braces and various architectural con trivances, it is kept leaning from century to century. Why not have the ten gnurito blocks of Sinai set a little aslant? Why not 'have the pillar of truth a leaning tower? Why is not an ellipse as good as a square?- - Why is not an. oblique -as good n« ctraiirlit nn.ani?.AnYrn ? . Mr friends, we as straight, up-and-down ? • My friends, we must haTe a standard; shall it be God's or man's? 1\. The Divine plumb-line needs to be thrown over all merchandise. Thousands of years ago' Solomon discovered the ten dency of buyers to depredate goods. He saw a man beating down au article lower and lower, and saying it was not- worth . the price asked, and when he had pur chased at the lowest point he told every body what a sharp bargain he had struck, and how he had outwitted the merchant. "It is naught, saitli the buyer; but when ho is gono his way, then he boasteth" (Proverbs xx. 14). "Society is so utterly askew in this matter that you seldom find a seller tho price that ho expects to get j he puts on a higher value than he expects to receive, knowing that he will havo to "drop. He who stands up amid all the pressure and docs right is accom plishing something toward tho establish ment of a high commercial prosperity. The pressure to do wrong is stronger from the fact that in our day the large business houses aro swallowing- trp''the smaller, the whales dining on blue-dish' "and minnows. The largo houses undersell the.small ones, becauso they buy in greater quantities and At lower figures from the producer. They can afford to makeno thing, or actually lose, on some styles of goods, assured they can mate it op on others. To feel right and do right under all this pressure re quires martyr grace, requires Divine sup port, requires celestial re-inforcement. Yet there aro tens of thousands of such men getting splendidly through. They see othors going up and themselves going down, hut they keep their patience and their courage and their Christian consis tency, and after awhile their success will come. There is generally retribution in some form for greediness. The owners of the big houses will die and their boys will get possession of the business, and with a cigar in their, mpuths, *and full to the chins with the best liquor, and behind a pair of spanking hays, tney will pass every thing on the turnpike road to temporal and eternal perdition. Then the business will break up, and the smaller dealers will have fair opportunity. Taking things as they are, you will be wise to preserve your equilibrium and your honesty and your faith, and throw over all the counters and shelves and casks the measuring line of Divine right, "And the Lord said unto me, -Amos, what seest thou? and I said, A pluinb-line." 2\. In the same "way we need to rectify | our theologies. All sorts of religions are | putting .forth their pretensions. Some have a spiritualistic religion, and their chief work is with ghosts, and others a religion of political economy, proposing to put an end to human, misery by a new style of taxation, and there is a humanitarian re: ligion that looks after the bodies of men, 1 and lets the soul lOck after itself, and there is' a legislative religion that proposes to rectify all wrongs by enactment of bet ter laws* and there is an (esthetic religion that, by roles of exquisite .taste, would lift the heart out of its deformities,' and religions of ail sorts, religions.by the peck, religions by the square foot, and religions by the ton—all of them devices of the devil that would take the heart away from the only religion that will ever effect any thing for the human race, and that is. the straight up-and-down religion written in tho book which begins with Genesis and ends with Revelation, the religion of the skies, tho old religion, the God-given re ligion, the everlasting religion, which says, "Love God above oil, and your neighbour as yourself." All religions but cne^ begin at the wrong end and in the wrong place. Tho Biblo religion demands that we first get right with God. It- begins at the lop and measures down, while the other re ligions begin at the bottom and. try to measure up. J. liey stand at the foot of tho wall, up to their knees in the mud of human theory and speculation, and have a plummet and a string tied fast to it; and they throw .the plummet this way and break a head here, and throw the plummet another "way and break a head there, and then they throw it up, and it comes down upon their own pate. Fools I Why stand at tho foot of the wall rectifying up, when yoa ought to stand at, tho top rectifying down? 3.My text gives me a grand opportunity of saying a useful word to all young men who are now forming habits for a life time. Of what use to a stonemason or a bricklayer is a plumb-line? Why not build tho wall by the unaided eye and hand? Because they arc insufficient, because if there be a deflection in the wall it cannot further on be corrected. Because, by the law of gravitation, a wall must be straight in order to be symmetrical and safe. A young man is in danger of getting a defect in his wall of character that may never he corrected. Remember that the wall may be one hundred feet high, and yet a deflec tion one foot from the foundation affects tho entire structure. "And if you live a hundred years and do right the last eighty. years, yon may nevertheless do something at twenty years of age that will damage all your earthly existence. All you who havo built houses for yourselves or for others, am I not right in saying to these young men, you cannot build a wall so high as to be independent of the charac ter of its foundation? A man before thirty years of. age may commit enough sin to last hira a lifetime. Now, John or George or Henry, or whatever be your Christian namo or surname, say here and now, "No wild oats for me, no cigars or cigarettes for me, no wine or beer for me, no hasty stories for me, no Sunday sprees for me; I am going to start right and keep on right. God help me, for I am very weak. From tho throne of eternal righteousness, let down to me tho principles by which X can be guided in building everything from foundation to capstone. Lord God, by the wouuded hand of Christ throw me a plumb-line."" "But," you say, "you shut us young folks out from all fun." Ob, no 1 I like fan. X believe in fnn. 1 hare had lots of it in my time. But I havo not had to go into paths of sin to find it. No credit to me, but because of on extraordinary parental example and influenco I was kept from outward trans gressions, though my heart "was bad enough and desperately wicked. I have had fun illimitable, though I never swore one oath and never gambled for so much as the value of a pin, and never saw the inside of a haunt of sin, save as when, many years ago, with a commissioner of police and a detective, and two elders of my church, I explored New York and Brooklyn by midnight—not out of curi osity, but that I might in pulpit discourse Set "boforo the people the poverty and the horrors of underground city life. Yet, though I was never intoxicated for an in stant, and never committed one act • of dis soluteness—restrained only by Ore grace of] God, without which restraint I would have I gone headlong to the bottom of in- ■ ferny—I ia^e had so modi fun that 1 don't believe there is a man on the planet at the present time who has had more. Hear it, men and boys, women and girls—aD the fuu is on the side of right. (Sin may seem attractive, but it is deathfol, like the manchinecl tree, whose dews are poisonous. The only true happiness is in a Christian life. Oh, this plumb-line of the eTeriast* ing right! God will threw it over all our lives to show us our moral deflections, and over all churches to show whether they arc doing useful work or are instances of idle-! ness and pretence. He will throw that plumb-line over all nations to demonstrate whether their laws are just or cruel,'their rulers good or. bad, their, ambitions holy or infamous. God is now throwing that plumb-line over this nation, and it is a solemn time with us, and whether we keep i His Sabbaths or dishonour them, whether righteousness or iniquity'dominate, whe ther we are Christian or infidel, whether; we fulfil our mission or refuse, whether we are for God or against Him, will dedde whether we shall as a nation go on in higher and higher career or go down in the same grave where Babylon and Rine veh and Thebes are sepulchred. . "But/* say you, "if there be notning but a plumb line, J what can any of us do? for there Is an old proverb whiph truthfully declares, 'If the best man's faults were written on his forehead, it would make him pull his hat over his eyes.' What shall \re do when, according to Isaiah, 'God shall lay judgment to the line, and righteousness to the plummet'?" Ah, here is where the Gospel comes in with a Saviour*s righteous ness to make up for our deficits. And while I see hanging on the wall a plumb-line, I see also hanging there a cross. And while the one condemns us, the other saves us, if only we will hold to it. Oh, sick, and diseased, and fanning, mid dying, why go trudging all the world over and seeking hero and there relief for your discouraged spirit, when clcsg by and at your very feat and at the door of your heart—ay, within the very estate of your own con sciousness—the healing "waters of eternal life may be hud, and -had this very mi nute? Blessed be God that over against the plumb-line that Amos saw is the cross of Jesus Christ, through the emancipating power of which you and I may live, and live for ever! 