THKÃLA.DIKS- CBJtlSTlAif ASSOCIATION ask the http q/ more Christian Frifiuil to enable them to publish then Germany Wully. Subtrrtpttotu recent by Mrs Fagg, Mrs. Nicholas, "vf Miss Nutt. of. Fitzroy past. ALL THINGS ARE READY COME. : A SERMON BY THE LATE C. H. I SPURGEON. The fact that in the great Gospel sup- ' per all things are ready teaches us, first, that God's thoughts go before men's comings. "Come, for all things are ready." Not "if you come all things will be ready," but "They are ready, and therefore come." Grace is first, and man at his best follows its footsteps. Long before we ever thought of God he thought of us; yea, before, we had a being, and one time itself began, in the bosom of the Eternal there were thoughts of love towards those for whom the Table of His mercy is now spread. He had planned and arranged everything in His augUst mind from of old; no had indeed fore- known and predestinated all the provisions and all the guests of His supper; all things were settled in His eternal , covenant and purpose or ever the earth was. Never think, O sinner, that thou canst outstrip the loss of God; it is at the end of the rare before thou art at the beginning. God hath completed before thou hast begun. His thoughts are before ours, and so are His acts, for Hd . doth not say. "All things are planned and arranged, but "All things are ready." Jesus, the great Sacrifice, is slain-the fountain for our cleansing is filled with blood; the Holy Spirit has been given, the Word by which we are to be instructed is in our bands, and the I light which will illuminate that sacred j page is promised us through the Holy j I Ghost. Things promised ought to on courage UB to come to Christ, but things already given ought to be irresistible at tractions. All things are already com- ' pleted by the sacred Trinity before we come to cry for mercy; this should make , us very hopeful and eager in our ap- , proaches to the Lord. Come, sinners, > come at once; this ought to encourage ' thee, since all that God has to do in the salvation is done before thou hast a thought of Him or turner one foot towards his abode. All things are ready. Corner This readiness should be an argument that His saints should come continually to Him, and find grace to help in every time of need., 0, children of God, I will lift the parable away from the immediate use which the Saviour made of it to employ it for your good. You know, beloved, that whenever the Lord Jesus Christ invites His people to come to Him, and to taste of His bounty, all things are ready. Whenever, therefore, your Lord and Master, by His ' blessed spirit, calls you to come near to Him, you may he quite sure that all i things are ready for your immediate en- ' joyment; you need never pause or hesitate, but approach Him without delay. ' I want to caution you against replying, "But, Lord, I do not feel ready." That ? is most true, but that is not an argument which thou shouldst use to excuse, thyself in holding back. It is His reads mess that is the main thing, not thine; and as all things are ready, do thou come whether there forest ready or not. I have heard of some Christians who have said, "I do not feel in a proper frame of mind to pray." My brother, pray till you do. Some have said, "I do not think I shall go up to the house of God to-day; I feel so unhappy, so cast down." When shouldst thou go so much as then, in order that thou mayest find comfort? "Still," saith one, you would not have me sing a hymn when of heavy heart?" Ay, would I not; I would, in deed. I would have thee sing myself up from the depths of the sea, where all | God's billows have gone over thee. t David full often did so, when he began a psalm in the deeps, and then gradually rose, and rose, and rose, till he was in a perfect rapture of delight before the psalm was over. All things are ready with your Lord; therefore, do you come, whether you happen to be ready or not. Note the times when this truth ought to have power with you. All' things are ready, therefore come to the storehouse of Divine promise. Are you in spiritual poverty? Come and take what God has provided for you, for all things are yours, and as the blessings of the ever yours, and all the blessings of the ever God. Are you needing strength? There is a promise, "As thy days, so shall thy strength be." It is ready; come and take it. Art thou wanting consolation? . Dost thou not know that all things are ready for thy comfort? that two immutable things, wherein it is impossible for God to Ile, are already set before thee? Come thou and take thy solace. Ay, remember that all that God has promised belongs to all those who believe the promise, and that you may therefore come at all times, however deep your need; j and if you have but faith, you shall find the special supply for the special want. Let us, therefore, come with boldness I unto the throne of the heavenly grace, because everything there is ready for the pleading suppliant. Thou hast no need to bring anything with thee there. Thou hast no need of making preparations other than the Holy Spirit waits to give them in the form of groanings which can- not be uttered. Come, child of God, notwithstanding thy carelessness and indifference, or whatever it may be thou hast to complain of; for though thou be unready, the throne of grace is ready, and therefore do thou draw near to it and find the grace thou needest. If at this time we feel strong promptings towards communion with Christ, what a blessing it is that Christ is always ready to commune with His people ! "Be- j bold," said He "I stand at the door and knock." We think that we stand at the door and knock, but it is scarcely so; the greater truth with regard to His people is that Jesus asks for fellowship with us. I pray you, do not begin to make excuses, but be prepared to follow us when we bid you come, to go with us when we seek to bring you in, or, at least, to yield to our entreaties when, with all the sacred violence of love, we would compel you to come in "All things are ready; come!" The perfect readiness of the feast of Divine mercy is evidently intended to be a strong argument with sinners why they should come at once. To the sinner, then, do I address myself. Soul, dost thou desire eternal life? Is there within thy spirit a hungering and a thirsting after such things as may satisfy thy spirit and make thee live for ever? Then hearken while the Master's servant gives thee the invita- tion. "Come, for all things are ready" -all ; not some, but all There is nothing that thou canst need between here and heaven but what is provided in Jesus Christ, in His person and in His work. All things are ready; life for thy death, forgiveness for thy sin, cleans- ing for thy filth, clothing for thy naked- ness, joy for thy sorrow, strength for thy weakness; yea, more than all that ever thou canst want is stored up in the boundless nature and work of Christ. Thou must not say, "I cannot come because I have not this, or have not that Art thou to prepare the feast? Art thou to provide anything? Art thou the purveyor of even so much as the salt or the water? Thou knowest not thy true condition, or thou wouldst not dream of such a thing. The great Householder Himself has provided the whole of the feast; thou hast nothing to do with the provision but to partake of it. All that thou contest between the gates of hell, where thou now Heat, and the gates of heaven, to which grace will bring thee if thou believest-all is provided and prepared in Jesus Christ the Saviour. Notice the word now." "All things are now ready just now, at this moment. At feasts you know, the good housewife is often troubled if the guests come late. She would be sorry if they came half an hour too soon, but half an hour too late spoils everything, and in what a state of free and worry she is if when all things are now ready her friends still delay. Leave food at the fire awhile, and it does not seem to be "now ready," but something more than ready, and even spoiled, , So doth the great Householder lay stress upon this All things are now ready; therefore, come at once. He saith not that if thou wilt tarry for another seven years all things will then be ready, but He doth say that they are all ready now; just now. Though your sins are as the stars of heaven, and your soul trembles under an awful foreboding of coming judgment, yet "all things are now ready." And if they are ready now, the argument is come now, while still all things are ready. While the Spirit lingers and still doth strive with men, while mercy's gates still stand wide open, that whosoever will may come," while life and health and reason still are spared to you, and the ministering voice that bids thee come can still be heard, come now, come at once. All things are ready-come! if the reason why a sinner is to come is because all things are ready, then it is idle for him to say, "But I am not ready." It is clear that all the readiness required on man's part is a willing area to come and receive the blessing which God hath provided. There is nothing else necessary; if men are willing to come, they may come, they will come-. Where the Lord has been pleased to touch the bill so that man has a desire towards Christ, where the heart really hunger and thirst after right i oouBuosa, that is all the readiness which is wanted. 