A YELLOW ROSE, COMPLETE IN TB%S ISSUE. , mr ' ".'.'..v. MRS. H. H. PENROSE, Author of "A, Mutual. Misunderstanding, " t«A Ghnstly.Experionco," ".Tho - / Mistletoe Lndy," ' - Ao., &is.; ; V COPUUQHU. ' 'UCK looked out I J of the brcakfust- room window, . and mado faces at Captain, Chariton, who beckoned arid held up a gaily bedizened box of chocolates For some weeks be had found it expedient to lay in a stock of such boxes for purposes of bribery arid corruption. Puck shook her. head. She knew that he was dreadfully anxious for her to come out, and she had no idea of mak- ing her services too cheap. He was wait- ' ing on the lawn for tho dogcart to come round, to drjve him to the station. Be had breakfast alone, and he had his owu reasons for not wishing to enter the house again.. He wanted on undisturbed inter view with Puck.' He balanced hslf-a-crown ery enticingly on the edge of the choco late-box. , _ Puck' disappeared fromvthe window, and was standing beside hfm within sixty sec onds. The half-crown was transferred to her pocket with astonishing rapidity. "I wanted that badly,", she remarked, .with a grave -nod. . He proffered the box. " I haven't hud time to get through the last three yet," she said, accepting it with kindly indifference, " but it may be useful 'later ok I'm waiting to know what you want." The knowledge of the world which she had accumulated in the course of nine years was qu'te surprising. -"Look here!" began Captain Charlton, and hesitated. "I'm looking," said Pack. "I've, been looking 'all the time." He took a deep- red rose from his button hole — a beautiful rose just breaking from the bud. > " I want you to give that, and this note, "To Hilda, of course. Why do you make such a fuss about saying her name?" ' " I'm not' making a fuss about anything, Puck. Don't wait uutil she comes down . to breakfast, you understand. Take them up to her room now, at once : and don't let anyone see you . on tho way. Here's the dogcart, and not a minuto to spare." " I'll diive with you to the station. No -one will miss me." Despair seized him.' "Puck," he said solemnly, "I'm going to town for the day, and I'll buv you anything you like to mention if you'il only go and do my message without another \- moment's delay." "Stop!" she screamed, as he sprang into the dogcart. "You're not giving me time' ' to mention it." "Well?" he asked over his shoulder '"A diamond tiara or a tricycle — you may take your qhoice - I'm very "easily pleased." She waved the rose at him as he drove off, and turned leisurely towards the house. Her pet puppy ran out to meet her, leap ing. and burking. Bhe waved -the ' rose ut him : too ; and, taking the gesture for an intimation - that he- was -to make himself at . home with a new plaything, he jumped tip, and with one snap' appropriated the head, leaving the stem in Puck's bund." A . . few red leaves were strewn about the lawn, -but the bulk of the ilowcr tvas prumptly bolted by Wallypug. Puck gasped. " He'll bo just raging," she muttered; "and I'll get neither tlie tiara nor the tricycle." Then her face cleared. An idea, brilliant in its simplicity, hud occurred to hen "One rose is us good as another," she said, and pulled a staring, full-blown Gloire do Dijon -from the nearest tree. 'There were delicate flesh-tinted blossoms' on the same branch, but this one was an ' un- coiupromising yellow in the outer leaves, and neither 'in forin nor colour a perfect specimeri of its kind. Puck was not dis criminating in the matter of flowers.. _ She ran into the house, and up to her sister's room, on the door -of which ' she beat a "tattoo with impressive energy. .. Hilda had', been -at ' a :dlnrier party; and; : dariue iheiuight betore, and- gave ' the word; ol admission - m a sleepy voice. \- Puck came in with: ger hands .'behind her. -back, -v y v- " You ought to bo jolly well ashamed of yourself," sire said severely. "Not out of bed yet, and it's neariy nine o'mock." " Shocking, isn't mi" said Huua, . with gentle tdierauou. "But 1 waeut iq bed until three, and thcit-i didn't go to sleep tor iiours and hours." "Well, wliy uiuii't. you?" . " Oh, ,'i !' dun't.kubw ! 1 suppose I; was thinking of things.". , - , - ".Things ot tins sort?" asked Puk, bringing "the letier and flower, into view.'-" TLidas sleepiness . vanished msluiitiy. BUb sat up, pusmu'g her. fair curly hair hut: oi her eyes. ; ---y " l'uek, darling,", she said, give .them'; to.iuu at once, like a deur, gpoii ehlld," .' . ."Make a lair otter," said Puck, . whose , ' business dealings wiiro riot of a cireum- scribea . ualiire. , , ''/' Anyliung yon like, but give— give 1" " Diuu'.t ute horse-leeeh's dnuginer say that?" Buck inquired, holding Duck in a taulalismg lUHUuer. " Father says -one ought not to leiieut other pcoplu's remarks, auu try to pass them olf as original." " Oh, PueK, do Hurry. If you don't you shan't Have liny thing at all." Puck seized the handle of the door, and in - a moment. Hilda's bare feet were flying over tho floor. A ".skirmish ensued; the letter and rose wore Taken possession of, " by brute force," as Puck asserted with a dramatic gesture ; Puck herself - was bundled out of the room, and the key wus turned in the lock. . . Then Hilda tore open her letter,- and readmany burning words, She had been interrupted at tho beginning of tin iiupor- 'tant conversation Willi (Japtuin (Jhorltori tho night before, and he, leeling that he could not run the risk of other interrup tions, had written to her in . the small hours. " 1 have always felt," lie said, " that an officor's first duty is to his own regiment,, and that he should remain with it, taking his chance of humdrum work or desirable active service. But if you refuse me, 1 know 1 shall not have the courage to re main here, where 1 may see yon constantly. Right or wrong, I shall volunteer lor Africa, and think myself fortunate if 1 have the luck , to do a "day's work under Kitchener. Possibly your father will blame me, but you will understand. Still, I don't think it will happen. 1 think you care a little. I believe if there had been time last night v-iu would have given me a word of hope. I tru3t your eyes. Only I dare not be confident because I know how small are my deserts, and I w-ant to be sure of my fate the first moment I see you again. I can wait no longer. You have promised to be at the Uflingtons'. ball to- atght. If you mean ' Yes,' wear the rose 1 send you with this by Puck." There was a great deal more, but that was thu important part, of the letter. ' Hilda took up the rose from her knee, and examined it with a.smilo of the ten- derest derision. "I (Inn t think" it will fall to piccos be fore evening," she muttered doubtfully " But what a colour 1" She stood- before tho looking-glass in lier dainty night-gear, and held the yellow leaves against her yel low hair. "Fancy choosing that roso for mo' to wear 1 Ho requires a great deal of instruction." Then she kissed it, and put it ill water with extreme carefulness. " If it were a dandelion," she said, " 1 ' would wear it— for him." Colonel Weatherley was" not in the best possible humour that morning, and bad a snarl ready for the world in genera! — c snarl that bccamo particularly vicious when referenco was made 'to certain of his offi cers ivho had just volunteered for active service. - . . . " I . believe," he growled, . " that . Charl ton is the. only man in tlie regiment who sees with me ' the absolute immorality of .j tho practice. If the underlying idea was carried nut to its logical conclusion the ser vice would fail to pieces. This volunteer ing destroys esprit de corps; it is merely the qutcume of restlessness and personal am-, bition. Personal ambition should not exist in the service. A man should never regard himself otherwise Hum as part of his regi- mint. " " I suppose if he's the" head part he doesn't mind," observed Puck, with her elbows oil the table. . -.Colonel Weatherley endeavoured to fix her with a stony stare, but she was not to be fixed. "Captain Charlton went up to London this morning," she said, with disturbing intent. " Perhaps he's on his way to the fighting too." " Dun't talk about what you don't under stand, child," said her mother. " Don't talk about anything," said her father. " Hat your breakfast." " I've eaten it," said Puck the irre pressible. "I'll begin again if you like, but I'm afraid if I do 1 shall be ill." . "You'd better run uuuy if you can't be silent," said Mrs. Weatherley nervously. " Why," she inquired of the teapot, as' Puck vanished, "arc children' so different? Hilda never gave me any trouble, at that age. I don't understand it." 1 "If 1 remember lightly,"- said Hilda, " you rover spout me as you spoil Puck." "What an unkind thing to say to your 'inn mother, Hilda! 1 spoilt you as well as 1 knew how, t/ut I wasn't used to child ren then," ".Dear inutkcr, I shall never cease to ho grateful to you for not having spoilt ine I doubt if i'uek will ever be so grate ful to you lor the reverse." bile s a dear, alleuiiunute child, and so impulsive," said' Mrs. Weatherley, With piaintivo emphasis, "telle never asks me ror anything without kissing me in the sweetest niuuner." "I haven't uuticed her kissing you when sku doesnt usk for anything," observed Colonel Weatlieriey cyuieaUy. "No doubt she'll bu a charming person to live with in ten years' time." " Why did Captain Chariton sleep ami hremtiast bore?" asked Mrs. Wealherrey, matting an unwise choice of a fresh subjeut. " Because I asked him," snapped the colonel. " it was dreadfully lute, you know, mother, when we gut homo last night, . and L'uptuiu Chariton drove wich us. Il Would uhve been .heartless to' let kim 'go on to the cam p." Hilda blushed furiously as she spoke, ana her lather gianced' at her' with a twinkle 'of very grini humour iu his'stecf-gray eyes. He guessed how tlw'huid lay, and he ap proved of Captaiu Chariton, which ex plained a good many things, " I suppusc you are going to drag me out again to-night," he said. "There's u dance on at the Uttingtous', isn't there?" ' "Yes, lather; I hope you don't, mind very much?" " Would it make any difference If I did?" " Certainly it would. I'd coax mother to tako lqe instead. . No! I'd get Puck tu coax her." " That would be a failure. ' Pack can only coax on her own account. Never mind. I'll take you. A man con die but onee." Twelve hours later Hilda Weatherley was standing in Lady Utttugton's ballroom, paying scant attention to a crowd of would- bu partners who hovered about kor. Bhe wuuted to reserve all her waltzes for Cap tain Charlton, who was coming towards her, at .that moment. He had only' just ar rived, and she waited for him, palpitating and glowingv- Tho yellow roso was fas tened conspicuously at the- left side of her bodice ; and, thai there might be no mis take about it, she wore no other flowers. Bhe felt every step of his progress across the room, with- her eyes fixed demurely on her card, and she knew that, within six 'feet of her, ho paused suddenly. Then sho looked up, and the smile .of en- conragement was frozen upon her lips. He wus staring at her, staring at the rose, with a look in his eyes that she had .never seen before. His face was. white und sot. Already one or two people had turned to look at him. Hilda tried to speak— to say his name and-give a common- pluco greeting in an ordinary tone, but her tongue was momentarily paralysed by an -undefined fear, and before her first word was formed Captain Charlton turned away to recross the room. Bhe watched, him go away with an overwhelming' sense of misun derstanding, saw him draw Colonel "Wea therley asido, and followed the two men with her wide, frightened , eyes as they left the room together. "You are feeling faint," said the man standing nearest, to her. "Let me find soma cooler place for you." Sko took his arm without any volition of her own, and he led her to an anto-room with a wide;open window. She refused wine, pleading's headache, and. begged him to leave her alone. She sank on the window-seat, partly hid-, den by curtains, and escaped observation until her father, after fruitless searching elsewhere, caught a glimpse' of her dress and descended on her. ."Alone?" ho asked, in evident surprise," as he drew aside tho curtain. "What. on earth are you doing here, Hilda?" ' . " Only -, resting. I was not — not vcjy well. Shall we" go home?" "PrcsenUy. I want to ask, you some thing Bret,"; ' _ He took the' vacant seat opposite to hers, and passing couples, who saw . the man's foot protruding from benoath one "curtain; and the toe of a white shoe: from, beneath the othor; concluded rightly that very' sori- ; ous business ' was being' transacted beside that open window. ' V«-I want to kilow,'.'. said Coloriel Weather- loy, "what you taeiin.by playing fast and loose with Charlton?". "; . _ . " Has- he said that- I have done, so?" asked Hilda, with a sadden access of dig nity. Colonel Weatherley saw her eyes blazing in the half-light. , \- " Certainly, not," - he said ; " but ' 1 can judge for myself. Up lo yesterday you arid lio' were brihuving almost like an engaged couple." To-night. the young fool coriics and tells me that he is. going to save Kitchener the trouble of taking Khartoum'. At' least ho means to offer, and if Kitchener' won't take him he' fs going to exchange into an other' regiment. Whatever happens, .he won't stay where. he is." : "Did he give any rcuson?" asked Hilda, relapsing into a weak tone. "He said something vague about a dis appointment, but not until I pressed him. You "ought to / be ashamed of yourself— that's all I can siiy." - j " You think that -I' have refused him," |' said Hilda, steadying her voice by a great effort. "1 have not. He asked mo— in a letter— this morning. I have neither writ-' . tea to him nor ssoken to him since." y' j " Did ' he ask : yori to write?" Colonel Weatherley was softening over her evident listress. "No."i " Then what did he ask you to do — I nean in the way of answering hitri?" "To wear a rose he sent mo with the otter. And I am wearing it. Oh, father, hero is. some dreadful- misunderstanding I" Her father' took her . hand and held it. He was not often deriionstrative. " Who brought you tho rose and letter?" he asked iharply. ' ' !, ' . Fuck." . ' " Then there's 'soaie . devilry : at the, hot- torn"- of it. We.; mustn't: let him .! leave' us, Hilda, for want .of t an explanation. He went back to: Aldershot 'an ' hour ago. Probably ;he is writing' to tho War Oriice this minute— .'t - "Then' there is ".no time: to be proud," said Hilda', seizing. him; by theiarm. " You must go , and stop him, You must bring him to - me. . Drive straight to the bar racks. 1 will. go home, and wait for you." She; had. not long to wait, but it seemed long to her. " Mrs. Weatherley had gone to bed -early. - Only one servant was astir, and . that one. looked respectfully puzzled when Miss Weatherley arrived alone. But' there was a brightp lire' in the drawing- room, burning fur cheerfulness rather than warmth, and Hilda cronchcd beside it, glad of the company .even of live coals. Pre sently sho heard welcome sounds; her father came into the room alone, and shg sprang up to meet him, trembling all over. "He won't be persuaded that there can be any mistake," said Colonel Weatherley ; - "but he is here. Bhall 1 send him to you?" "Yes, oh yesi" she" said, and almost fell into the nearest chair. .. Then Colonel Weatherley left her, and after the passing of an interminable minute the door opened and closed . again. Cap tain Chariton came and stood, before her, but the herd, white look had not left his face, and again' the words died in her throat when ike' tried to speak. - " I am so sorry you have been annoyed on my account," he said icily. . " I quite understand how it is. Colonel Weatherley is kind enough to dislike the idea of my leaving the regiment; He has guessed more than 1 intended, and he has persuaded you to reconsider your decision. . You have sent for mo only to please him, and I have come only to . set your mind .at rest — to assure you that T am not the man to profit by a forced consent." - "You aro quite mistaken," Hilda fal tered. " And 1 have no idea where the misunderstanding lies. You asked me to answer you by wearing your flower " "And you did not wear it. That was my answer." . "But l'did wear it;'.' cried Hilda, the colour that had died away rushing into her cheeks again; Captain Chariton's eyebrows went up. Hilda had never before Seen him look thor oughly disagreeable, and she shrank from tho revelation of another side to his char acter .. " You go far to please your father, Miss Weatherley," ho said, ever' word jcutting like' a knife. "It will bo a reuef'to yon to find that, much.as T respect any asser tion coming from you, I still prefer the evidence of my own senses. I suppose you have done what you believe to be your duly, but I cannot bear much more of it. Lot me say good-night and good-bye."' Even then, perhaps, if Hilda had held the hand he offered to her; and said; the words "I love ou," ho would have be lieved her against every other evidence, and perhaps an older . woman would have seized the one remaining chance of saving two hearts from breaking ; . but Hilda was very young, and already her shy pride had been sorely violated. She felt that sho hud gone more than half-way towards an under standing, and that she could go no fur ther. She only touched Iris hand mechanic ally as lie touched hers, and he. left her without another word. ' .. 'She .was almost unconscious when her father returned to- lier; more distressed and puzzled than before. He made her drink some wine, and. had the wisdom to hurry her to bed; but he came to her again 'as sho lay awake and tearless, sturing at the moonlight on the wall," and be sat beside her until" daybreak. "I don't know what to make of it all," ho said. "I'm afraid it's something very like temporary insanity. Tho poor fellow is labouring under some crazy delusion that I am trying to force you to riiarry him against your . will. When he was leaving ho assured me that you had done every thing T could have wished, rind begged me not to trouble you any more. What mid summer madness!" "Ha talked like that' to me too," said Hilda,, and hoi- voice bad taken, oh! such a flat, hnpcless tone. She .was living through her first trouble, and it seemed' to her that the end of nil. things, was at hand. He said I had sent for him to please you, and he almost sneered, at me when 1 said that I had worn bis flower. .. It seemed, that he did not believe it; although the flower wus still in my dress, arid he was looking at it." " You said Puck brought it to you, didn't you?: I'll be bound she could explain the mystery if she liked. I'll swear she's at tho bottom of it. She wakes early. I'll go to her room as soon as I hear the ser vants stirring, and I'll make her tell me all she knows." v " You are very good, but it won't be any use," said Hilda in the same dull, level tone. ..." Nothing will ever make any differ ence now. Do. go and try to get some sleep, father. You will he so tired. Don't mind about me. I suppose people go on living no matter what happens — and that is' just the worst of.it,",' . Ho did not contradict her despair, be cause he remembered how he had once, en tertained tho same feelings himself;' al though that , was a long time ago. He, too, bad once thought tlmt nothing could make any difference, and that life was a curse, and he knew .that ''no one could have persuaded him to' a contrary opinion then. IT o had icarrit in the course" of the years that life holds many' thinge worth consider ing besides the one greut position that comes to nearly every man and woman of atrong and deep nature, and he had full, confidence that his .'daughter would learn the same lessen; but b& reBpeeted her young (Borrow too much to preach to it. Those children are fortunate whose parents have the gift of. remembering their own youth with a juet appreciation of the magnitude of its emo tions. : - . / 'Puck, unconscious of the havoc. she had. wrought, .was' just thinking of getting out of bed at half-past six o'clock, when : she heanl a knock at her door "which ..she an swered with a guilty affectation of sleepi ness. She liked it to be understood by the. household that she got up early because she - was virtuous and self denyjng, not be- . cause 'she liked t-o ' enjoy the' morning hours undisturbed by those in authority over hor. \- Bhe was, somewhat more than surprised to seo her father enter, and quite . over whelmed by "a sense of upproaching catas-. trophe when he, brought a chair to the side of her bed arid snt down. , Bhe had suffi cient conrage; to. treat him with a consider- ablo arriount of flippancy in the presence of others, but as a rule she avoided being (done with him. . She was afraid of him ; qnd still more afraid that he would find it out. T "Puck," he said, bending forward as if for a' confidential chat,"'," I want you, to tell me exactly what happened yesterday morn ing — 1 mean about the' messages Captain Charlton gave you for Hilda." . . She was on the defensive: at. once, igno rant as to why her father wanted informa tion, arid afraid of committing herself in any direction. " He gave mo the messages and I took them. That was all," she answered sul lenly. " But there has been some mistake, and wo think that perhaps you could explain it Did you deliver the messages exactly as you wero given them?" She had almost forgotten that her puppy had eaten Captain Charlton's rose, but alio remembered it quickly now, and instantly it flashed into her mind that she ran some, risk ot being defrauded of the present Cap tain Chariton had promised her It took her no appreciable tipie to make np her mind that wild horses should drag no con fession from her, and she offered a front of steel to the enemy. . "Ho gave you a letter and a rose, , didn't ,'he?" " Well, I suppose that was no hann?", ' "That isn't the poiht,. child. Don't im agine you are going to be scolded for carry ing tho messages. They were perfectly in nocent.. What I want to know is whether you gave them correotly— whether you meddled with them in any way." "Not likely. I wouldn't he bothered meddling with Hilda's old love letters. I'm sure they're all stupid nonsense." " But the rose? What colour was it?" "I didn't notice. He's always sending her flowers. ' I never knew ono from an other. " You took it straight to her? You're sure you didn't drop it?" " Quite sure. I held on to it tight." She 'made this assertion with great re lish, for, though she did not hesitate to tell a lie when she considered that the occa sion demanded one, still she preferred tell ing the truth, because it seemed a cleverer thing to do. And it was quite true- that she had not dropped the rose. Wnllypug had snatched it. She had held on so tight that the stem remained in her hand when Wallypug devoured the head of the flower. It was plain that Captain Charlton sus pected something wrong, and intended to "back out" of the stipulated reward. A diamond tiara or a tricycle being at stake, it was not to be expected that she should assist - bim on bis road to discovery, and, after a fruitless half-hour, Colonel Weather ley left her, having made- no advance to wards the solution of the mystery. - The weeks went on, "- piling themselves into months, and the "battle of Omdurman was fought, and all England read the list of kilied and wounded. : The Weatherieys did not talk much about that list, for Ciiptuin Everard Charlton's name appeared under the heading " Severe ly Wounded," and it wua tacitly, recoguised tuafc there might be a limit to Hilda's powers of endurance. Hilda of course saw tho papers as everyone else did, but it wus much to her that she was riot expected to discuss their contents, even with her gar rulous mother. She" was thankful for the grace of being allowed to cat her. heart out in seoret and in silence. , It was one day. later on in the autumn, when she was not in the room — but. Puck was— that Colonel Weatherley told bis wife an item of news which -had just reached bim. Captain Charlton had come home, and was with his own people at Richmond. Ho wis making a very slow recovery, and was not expected to be fit "for anything for nutny months; but the glory of a D.B.O., in Colonel' Wcalhprley's opinion, more than compensated for shattered health. Puck listened, and tank mental notes. Bhe knew Richmond, having visited friends there more than once. Bhe had plenty of pocket money, and, most important of all, she had a very bad pain in her conscience It lial been increasing . some time, led by .the. sight of Hilda's pale misery ; 'and. after the battle of Atbara it had become almost unbearable. Confession nt home was not to be thought of; but something must be done, and she regarded; this news us her opportunity. Next morning she did not ap pear at Breakfast, and about the time when search was being made .for her at home a small unexpected visitor arrived at the Charltans' house. . She had a straggle to obtain. permission to see the invalid sou,- who was the centre of care and soliuitude to the whole house hold; but, after much reasoning und im ploring, sho found herself taken -by -the hand and led to 'a room where her old friend was stretched on an immensely long sofa. " Colonel . . Weatheriey's little girl bus coma all the way frnni Alcjershot by her Bolf to see you, Everard," snid Mrs.' Charl ton, " und I thought you might like to have her with you for a few minutes. Not if it tires you, of course," she added anxi ously. t ' "It won't tiro me," he said, and Puck shook hands with' him very gravely. She was very painfully impressed by the ghost of his voice and the ghost of himself, and she longed to get the business. of her visit over. ."Please, may 1 see you alone?" she asked, with solemn importance. "I won't let him talk," she assured Mrs. /Charlton, "and what I have .to say won't tako more than five minutes.". "Very well; not. more than five minutes, honour" bright," said Mrs. Charlton, an swering' a glance from her sen and she' went away, leaving him to Puck and his happy fate. "I .want to make a confession," said Pilck, in such a -hurry that her worde tumblpd over each other. "But first you must toll me, bad that red rose any moan ing? Did it mutter whether Hilda got oxactly tbat.vcry one? You mustn't speak, you know. Just nod your head or shako it. He nodded. "Well, Hilda never got it. Wallypug .snapped it from me and chewed it up ; and I picked another rose and took it to her instead. Next morning 1 knew something had happened, because Dad came into my room ever so early and bullied me to tell him what mistake I 'had made; but" 1 | wouldn't tell, because' I thought if you fijund out' you " would never give mo the ! diamond tiara or the triavele; -and the j next think. I heard was that you hod gone. | away to the fighting, so there would have. : b'eeu no good in telling then. Hilda is miserable. She's been miserable all the time. And you're awfully' hurt-. And per haps it's all my fault. Is' it? Is it? Just nod or shake again."- , "What colour was the rose?" he asked: with . dry Hps. " I mean the roso . you picked instead of mine." "It was a yellowish thing.' Did . the .colour matter? I never thought . of that at tho time." ' Mrs. Charlton come back, arid 'held out her hand to lead . Puok- away.- - 'j - "Mother," he said," I want you to send, a telegram for me, and-' Puck will stay to lunch." . Tho telegram was to Colonel Weatherley, and said: " Pack is. hero, and has- ex plained everything.- Will you come to fetch her?" _ A midday train brought Puck's father, and he in bis turn telegraphed to Hilda. It was late in 1 the ' afternoon : when she arrived, and what happened : after that needs no teUlog. - Early, in'the New.Year there was a wed ding, lit which Puck was chief bridesmaid, although she 'did not deserve to be ; aria the bridegroom, whose incoirie was not saf-' fioient to compass a diamond tiara, gave her the .most delightful triqycle she could have imagined' in her wildest dreams. 