UORSNE'S REVENGE. ? -. CHAPTER XVI. ' The silence in tbo littlo room in which Norine and Mr Liston eat became to him, at least, almost in supportable. The twilight was rapidly growing into night, and tbo white face before him still remained as if carved in parian marble. He curbed his im patience as he had had to curb it for many a long year,' and waited and waited until it seemed as if she were indeed never going to speak again. At last— . ? She lovea him, does she not ?, ? Do you mean Miss Holuios ? Only too well, I fear, Miss Bourdon. As I have said, it comes easily to all of you ? to'lose your hearts to Mr Thorndyke.' She never' heeded the savage sar-. casm of hie tone. A tumult' of good and evil was warring within her. ' And she is young and gentle, and pure and good? , she went on. ' All that and more. A beautiful and noble lady as ever drew breath.' ? And she loves him—oh, yes ! it is easy to do that,! And in casting him off she will break her own heart. She at least has never wronged mo—why Bhould her life be blighted as niino and Lucy West's have been ? Mr Liston, as much as I ever loved Laurence Thorndyke, I think I hate him to night—hate him ! hate him !' Her little white teeth clenchod savagely. ? I want to be revenged upon him—but not that way.' ? Miss' Bourdon, I don't know what you mean.' ? I mean this, Mr Liston—and it is of no use your growing angry—l will not stab Laurence Thorndyke through the innocent girl that loves him. I have fallen very low, but not quite low enough for that. Let her marry him ; I shall not lift a finger—speak a word to prevent it. She, at least, has never wronged mo.' .* No, she has novor wronged you ; but do think you can do her a greater wrong than by letting her become the wife of a heartless scoundrel and libor tino.? I thought better of you, Miss Bourdon. Laurence Thorndyko is to escape then, after all ?' ?? Her eyes flashed—literally flashed fire. ? No, by heaven ! Surely as wo both live I shall have my revenge ; but not in that way." ? Then how—' ?Not to-night, Mr Liston; some other time we will talk of this. When did you say the—the/.wedding was to take place ?' The first week of December. They will spend the winter south. She is Southern by birth, although residing with her guardian, Mr Darcy, in New York. . I am to understand, then, you will not prevent this marriage ?' .' I will not prevent it. I have had my fool's. paradise, so no doubt had Lucy West; why should not Helen Holmes ?' 'Very well then, Miss Bourdon. , Hβ spoke in his customary cold, monotonous voice. ' My bueiness this evening is almost concluded. At what hour to-morrow will it be most con venient for you to leave ?' ?To leave?' ? To return to your friend at once. Such were Mr Thorndyke's orders. Aβ you have no money of your own, I presume you are aware you cannot re main here. "Up to the present I am prepared to pay what is due the Misses Waddle —I am to escort you in safety to Portland. After that ' the world is all before you where to choose." Such are my master's orders.' She rose to' her feet—fierce, sup pressed passion in every lino of her face, in every tone of her yoice. ? The coward V she said, almost in a ?whisper. ' The base coward ! Sir, I ?will iiuver go homo ! I —ill gc down to the sea yonder, and make au end of it, bub home again—never!' ? Ah I , -I thought not!' he said quietly. ? Then, Miss Bourdon, may I ask what you mean to do ? You cannot stay here. , ? No, I cannot stay here,' she said, bitterly. ' I am utterly friendless and homeless to-night. I don't know what to do.' . . _„ ?Let mc tell you. Come to New York.' ? Sir!' ? Our hatred of Laurence Thorn dyke ia a bond between us. You ehall never be friendless nor homeless while I live. I am old enough to be your father. You may trust mc, and never repent it, that I swear. See here—this is what I mean to do for you. Sit down once more.' Sh'o obeyed, looking at him in wonder and doubt. ? Helen Holmes lives with Hugh Darcy. She is as dear as tv daughter to him. He ia one or those old, world-worn men, who lovo to .have youth and beauty about them. She reads for him—books o£ poetry and romance. Hβ is as fond of verse and fiction ac a girl in her teena. She playa the piano and singe for him; he has a passion-for muaic. Now, you can play and sing ?' 'Yes. , ? Then here is my. plan. Hβ ia eoou to lose Miss Holmo3, and someone like her in her place he must have—that he told mc himself. A young girl to read aloud his pet books, to play in the long winter evenings his pet music, to sing his favorite songs, to read and write his letters, to brighten the dull old house generally by.her presence, to look pretty, and.fair, and sweet always —that is what he wants. Salary is no objeot with him. You will have-a happy home, light and pleasant work, plenty of money. Will you take it ?' ; ? But— , ' You will suit him exactly. You aro young enough, in all conscience-pretty enough, if you will pardon mc saying 60, to brighten even a duller house than that. You play, you sing, you can read aloud. What moro do you want ? You need a homo—there is a home. And'—a long pause—' who can tell what may como of it. , Sho was looking up, ho was looking down. Thoir eyes mot. In tho darkness tlioy could yot look at each other long and stoadily for a moment. Thon her eyes foil. ' How old is Mr Darcy ?' sho aeked, in a subdued voice. 1 Ho is G8 —old, feehle, and onsily worked upon. I say again, who knows what may come ofc it? To be disinherited is the only thin;; in heaven or earth Laurence Thorndyke in afraid of. And old mon of 60, with stubborn minds and strong re- Bentmonte, do sometimes make such etrango wille.' Again thero was a pauso. Then Noriuo Bourdon spoke—firmly. ' 1 will go with you to New York. , Ho drew a long breath of roliof. ' I thought you would. You will not repent it, Mies Bourdon. By tho-bjo, would you mind leaving that name behind you ?' Sho looked at him inquiringly. ' You will accompany mc to New York as my niece, Jano Liston. I have a niece of. that name out in Oregon. As my nieco, Miss Jano Liston, from tho country, looking for work in the city, I will iutroduco you to my landlady, a mont respectable woman. As my niece, Jano Liston, I will prosont you to Mr Darcy. Wo don't want Master Lnureuco to eeo our littlo game If you went as Mies Bourdon, or Miss Kent oven, ho would. Ho will be sure to hear tho name of Miss Holmcs's successor. , 'But, you havo forgotton ; —l may meet him. That , —her lips quivered —' I could not bear.' 'No danger at all. You will not go there until, thoy are off on thoir wedding tour. Thoy do not return until May. In five months, iudi ciously made uso of, great thinge may happen.' She roao up, with a long, weary, worn sigh. ' I am in your hands, Mr Liatou. Friendless, moneyless, helpless, I supposo 1 ought to thauk you for this, but I cannot. I know it is not for my sake you aro doing it, but for the sake of your rovenge. Say what you like of mc when we go to Now York —I am ready to follow where you' load. Just now lam tired. "We will not talk any more, Let us say good night. . She gave him hor hand—it was like ice. He let it fall uneasily. 'And you will not fail me?' he asked. i'l shall not fail you,' eho answered. In what neither said- —it was not necessary. They understood. Re venge upon Laurence Thorndyko. ' To-morrow at 12 I will call for you here to take the train for New York. Yoa will be ready ?' ' I will be ready.' The door closed behind tho small white figure, and he was alono. CHAPTER XVII. Another night had passed, another day had come. At twelve sharp Mr Liston and a hackney carriage had come for * Mrs Laurence.' Her trunks had been packed by her own hands. Mr Liston had settled tho claim of tho Misses Waddle, and white and still she had come forth, shaken hands with the kindly spinsters, entered the hack, fallen back in a corner, her hand shading her eyes, and so was driven away from the Chelsea cottage for ever. ' And dead and in her shroud,' said the younger Miss Waddle, melodrama tically, ? she will never, look more like death than she does to-day.' She had scarcely slept the night through. That pleasant cottago cham ber overlooking the sea was haunted for her—full of memories that nearly maddened her to-night. With all her heart she had loved; with all her soul she had trusted. She stood here in the darkness, forsaken—deceived. She hardly knew whether it wore passionate love still or passionate hatred that filled her now. The boundary line between strong love and strong hate is but narrow at the best. A tumult that was agony untold filled heart and brain. He had never cared for her—never, never. Out of pure revenge upon Richard Gilbert he had mocked her with tho farce of love— mocked her from first to last, and wearied of her before one poor week had ended. ' Lightly won, lightly lost. , Man's motto always, never more true than in her case. Without one pang ho bad. cast her off—contemptuously—glad to be rid of her, and had sent his uncle's servant here to take her back to the home she had disgraced. She clenched her hands. In the darkness she was walking up and down her room, and hoarse, broken murmurs of a woman scorned and outraged came from her lips, She could picture him even at this hour seated by tho side of the girl he was so soon' to marry, his arm encircling her, his eyes looking love into hers, his lips murmuring the old false vows, sealing them with the old false kisses. Face downward she flung herself upon the bed at last, mad mad with the passion, the love, the longing, the hate, the despair of her own thoughts. ? Oh, heaven !' she cried, ' I cannot bear it I I cannot —1 cannot!' The darkness wrapped her—the deep silence of the night was. around her. Upstairs the two Mis* Waddles slept their teatal beauty sleep, common place and content. A month ago she had pitied their dull, loveles3, plodding lives. Ah, heaven !to be free from this torturing pain at her heart, and able to sleep like them now. But even to her sleep came at last—the ? white, spent sleep of utter exhaustion. The morning sun was shining brightly when she awoke. She got up feeling chilled and stiff, worn, and grown old. Mechanically she bathed and breakfasted, Miss Waddle tho younger gazing nakanco at her whito cheeks and lustreless eyes. Mechani cally she returned to her room, and begun packing hor truuks. And then, this done, she eat with folded hands by tho wiudow, looking out upon tho sparkling sea, until noon and Mr Liston should come. Her mind was a blank—tho very intensity o£ tho blow benumbed pain. Last night she had lain yonder, "and writhed in her tor turo ; to-day eho felt almost apathetic —indifforont to pact, present, and future. And so, pale and cold, nud Btill, Mr Liston had found her; bo she had shaken hands and said good bye to tho MiHses Waddlo; and so sho had been driven away from her 'honoy- moon paradise* to begin her life anew. They reached Now York. If Mr Lietcm bad indeod been the fondest of uncloe, ho could not hsvo boon more affectionately solicitous for tho wolfaro and comfort of hie charge. Sho was indifforont to it all—uncon scious of it indeed, looking upon ull things with dull, half sightless eyes. ' Take good caro of her, Mrs "Wilkine, , he eaid to hie landlady; ' eho is ailing, ac you can see, and don't lot her bo disturbed or annoyed in my absence. She hae hnd trouble lately, and ie not like horaelf.' It wae a shabby genteel boarding house, in a shabby gonteel street, close npou East Broadway. At first ' Miss Liston' bad bor meals seryed in hor room, and spent her time, for what Mre Wilkius could soo, in sitting at the wiudow, with idly lying hands, gazing out into tho dull strept. Mr Mr Liston was absent the chief part cf tho day, and Miss Liston stead fastly kept her room ; but in the overlings, always closely voiled, Mrs Wilkine observed he -could prevail upon her to go out with him for a walk. Ho was kind to her, the girl vaguely felt—ehd would obey him at least, and, since she could not die and mako an ond of it all, why, eho might ac well take a littlo exorcise for her health's Bake. Ho was very good to her, but slm felt no gratitude —it was not for her eako, but for the sake of tho grudge he owed their mutual foo. Their mutual fpo ! Did she hate Laurence Thorndyko ? eho wondered. There were times when her very eoul grew eick with longing for the eight of hie face, tho tone of his voico, the touch of bis hand, and the sound of hie name from Mr Liston'u lips had power to thrill hor to tho inmost heart Btill. Gradually, as the weeks passed, matters changed for Norino. .She came down to the public table, and the pale, spiritual beauty of the in visible and mysterious Miaa Liston caused a profound sensation among the boarders. Nost, she took to ependiug the long aftornoona in the fady looking boarding-house p&rlor;, playing upon' tho jingling, toneless boarding-houso piano each melodies oF mournful sweetness that Mrs Wilkine and her handmaidens of tho kitchen paused in their work to listen, and wondor, and admire. ' That young woman has seen trouble," Miss Wilkine said, shaking her head. Sho bad her own opinion—a pretty correct one—oE what nature that trouble was ; but her beauty and her youth were there to plead for her. She waa a lady to her finger-tips, that was evident; and—most potent reason of all to Mrs Wilkins—Mr Liston had been her boarder and friend for the past 10 years. So December came. How the time had gone Noriue could hardly have told—it did go somehow, that wne all. Trouble, remorse, despair, did 'not kill; sho was still alive and tolerably well, could eat and eleep, play the old tunes, oven sometimes sing ? tho old songs. She looked at herself in a sort of dreary wondor in tho glass. The face she saw, a little paler than of old, was fair and youthful still—tho bright hair glossy and abundant as ever. She had read of people whoso bair turned gray with trouble—hers had passed and loft no sign - only on the lips that had forgotten to etmle, the eyes that never lit into gladness or hope, and the heart that lay like lead in bor bosom. The criep,- frosty December days seamed to fly, bringing with them his wedding day. Every hour now the old agony of that night in the Chelsea cottage came back to stab her through. Tho 7th of December was the day— could she bear it ? —and it was in her power oven yet, Mr Lieton told hor, to prevent it. Twice during the last fortnight- she had eeon him —the first time, when closely veiled, hor dross had brushed him on Broadway. Mo was advancing with another gentle man ; both were smoking, both woro laughing gayly at some good etory he seemed to be- telling. Handsome, elegant, well dreesed, nonchalant, ho passed her, actually turning to glance after the graceful figure and veiled face. ' That figure should belong to a pretty girl, , she had heard him cay. ? Deuce take the veils ! what do they wear'em for? There—there's some thing oddly familiar about her, too.' Sho had turned sick and faint, and leaned against a shop window fora moment —the busy etreet going round and rouud. Lo ! they had met again. The second time it was almost worse. Mr Lieton had taken her to the opera—in her passionate love of music Bhe could forget for a few brief hours her pain ; when, coming out, in the crush, they bad come almost face to face. She was on his arm —by in stinct she knew it—a tall, stylish girl, in sweeping draperies, with blonde hair, blue oyea, and a skin like pearl. Almost face to face ! He was bending his tall head over her, devotedly; both looked handsome and happy. ' For hoavon'a sake, comothis way I , Liston had cried, and drawn hrr with him hurriodly in another direction. She had beon literally unablo to move oE herself, ntanding, *whito and wild, gazing upon him. Thp wedding day came. Not for one motnont tlio night pro cediDg had Norina alopt. Should clio denounce him, nr chouM she not, on his wedding day ? Should sho tako hie brido from him nt tho very oltar, nnd proclaim him to tho world na tho liar and betrayer he was? Or, should she wait? Sho could decide When morning came her mind was in as utter a tumult as ever. ' Havo you decided ?' Mr Lieton asked her. ? Shall Lauronco Thorn djrko leave hie unclo's houeo to-dny with hie bride by his aide, or as an outcast and a pauper, scorned by all? It is for you to say. , ' I—l don't know, , blio answered, hoarsely. ? Take mc to tho church — I will decide thero. . He had taken her, led her in, placed her in one of tho pews, and loft her. His manifold duties kept him with Mr Darcy—he would be unablo to join Norine again that day. Tho church tilled—an hour boforo tho coromony it was crowded. Then they came—the. bridegroom a trifle pale and nervous, as soino bride grooms nre wont.to be, but, aa usual, handsome oE face and olognnt of attire. Then, on her guardian's arm, the brido, a dazzling vieion oE whito satin, Honiton lace, pearls, orango blossom?, golden hair, nnd tondor, drooping face. A breathless hush fills tho church. In that hush the officiating clergyman catno forth—in that huah the bridal party tako their place—a flock of white bridosmnidc, a group of gentlemen in black; and then a voice out of that great stillness spenka. "If any hero know of juet cause or impediment why these two ehould not bo joinod in tho bonds of matri mony, let him speak now, or for ever hold bis poaco." And Mr Lieton turns his quiot faco and watchful eyea to one particular pew—to one elender figure and veiled face. Tho five ecconds that followed are as five centuries to tho bridegroom. His face is quite white, his gloved fingers are like ico. He glances up at Liston, and. then the ceremony bo gins. What a horrible time it takes, Laurence Tborndylio thinks—what a horrible ordeal a fashionable public marriage is. Does a diDgy hotol parlour riso before him, the rain beat ing on tho windows, and a pale, wist ful face looking up at him, while a mockery of this solemn rite ie being gabbled through by a tipsy actor ? Iβ it tho fair, happy, downcast face of his brido ho eees, or that other face as he saw it last, all white and drawn in the anguish of a last farewell ? 'Those whom God hath joined to gether let no man put asunder !' It is over. He draws a long, hard breath of relief. Come what may, Helen is his wifo. They rise, they file slowly and grace fully out oE tho church, tho bride hanging on the bridegroom's arm. Closoly, very closely, they pace one particular pew, whoroin ft solitary figure stands—stands. She had risen with tho rest, she had flung back her veil, and people who glance at hor stop involuntarily and gaze. The face is like stone, the dark eyes all wild and wide, the lips apart. She stands as if slowly petrifying ; but the bridal party do not see her. Thoy pass on, and out. ' Who is eho ?' strangers whisper. ' Has sho known Laurence Thorn dyke ?' Theu thoy, too, go, and all is over.' Tho wedding party enter tbeir carriages and are whirled away. Mr Liston sees hie employer nafoly off, then returns hurriedly to the church. He is angry with Norino, but it is his duty to look after her, and eomothiug in her face to-day haa made him afraid. There is nothing to fear, however —she is very quiet now. She has sunk down upon her knees, her head has fallen.forward upon the rail. He speaks to her—rhe does not an swer. Ho touches .her on the shoulder —ehe does not look up. Ho lifts her head. Yee, it is as he feared. The edifice is almost deserted now. Ho takes her in his arms, and carries her out into tho air. For the second time in her life she hoe fainted entirely awny. CHAPTER XVIII. A gray March oftornon is blustor iug itselE out in the streets of New York—a slate- colored sky, fast drift ing with black, rainy clouds. The wind sobs and shivers in great gusty soughs, and pedestrians bow involun tarily before it, and epeed along with winking and watery eyes. In a quiet, old-fashioned street— for thero are quiet, old-fa?hioned etreets even in New York—there staude a big, square, dingy, red brick house, eet in a square of graea-grown front garden, a square of brick paving in the rear. Two slim poplars—' old maids of. the forest , —lift their tall, prim green heads on either aide of the heavy ball door. The house looks comfortable, but gloomy, and that is precisely- what it is this dun-colored Bpring day —comfortable, but gloomy. Thero are heavy, costly curtains of dark,'rich damaek draping the win dows. Through the clear panes of one oE the upper windowe you catch tho flicker and fall of a red coal fire and the sombre, beauty of a girl's face. She stands injfthe large, handsome room alone —a long, low room, with a carpet of rich, dull crimson velvet, curtains of dull crimson satin damaek, papered walls, dull crimson _ too. There aro oil paintings in gilded frames, ponderous mahogany chairs, tables and footstools; but there is nothing bright in the apartment cave tho cheerful rod fire. It is all dnrk and opprcssivo—not even excepting the girl. Tho pnlo faeo thnt looke gloomily out nt tho fast-drifting sky, at tho faet-fadiug light, ie sraileless aud sombre ac all tho rest*; and yet it is a youthful face—d beautiful face— a fnco that six months ago bloomed with a childish brightness aud bloom —the faco of NoriuQ Bourdon. It ie close upon four months since sho entcrod this houso as companion, secretary, ninanuonsie to Mr Hugh Darcy. Now'she stands hbre debating within herself -whether she shall go to him to-night and toll him she must leave. She shrinks from tho task. She has grown strangely old and wieo in theso four months. She knowe something of the world—something of what it must bo like to be adrift in Now York friendless nnd penniless, with only 18 years and a fair faco for ono'e dangerous dower. Friendless sbo will be ; for in leaving ehe will deeply irritate Mr Darcy, deeply anger Mr Liston, and in all the world, it seems to Norine, there are only those two she can call friends. And yet —friends ! Can ehe call even them by that name ? Mr Liaton is her friend and protector bo long as ho thinkseho will aid him in his ven geance upon hie enemy. Mr Darcy— well, how long will Mr Darcy bo her friend when he discovers how she has imposed upon him—tbatundor a false name and history she has sought tho shelter of hie -roof—eho, the cast-off of his nephew ? He likoe her well — that sho knows—ho trusts her, respects hor. How much likiug or respect will remain whon ho knows her as sho is? ' And know ho shall,' sho eaye, in wardly, her : lips compressed. 'I cannot carry on this deception longer. For the rest, I would have to leave in any case. They return in May, nnd I cannot, I cannot meet them. Mr Liston may say what ho pleasos. . It wore easier to din thnn.to stay on and meet him again like that.' Sho has not forgotten.- Such first passionate love as eho gave Lauronco Tborndyke is not to bo outlived and trampled out in four mouths ; and yet it is much moro hatred than love that fills hor heart with bittornoss now. 'The dastard !' she thinks, her black eyes gleaming dangerously, bands and teeth alike-unconsciously clenching; 'coward! How dared he do it! One day or other ho shall pay for it—that I swear; but I cannot meet him now. There ie nothing for it but to go and tell Mr Darcy I must leave, and take my chance in the world, quito alone.' She loanod her forehead against the cold, clear glass with a heavy heart aick sigh. The first keen poignancy of her pain was over, but the dull, deadly sickoning echo was there still, and would bo for many a day. Hate him she might, long for revenge she did, but not once could she think of him the happy husband of Helen Holmes without tho very heart within hor growing faint with doadly jealousy. At tho sound of his name, at tho sight of his letters, tho old Bweet thrill ran through her to this day. In the drawingroom below a carefully painted portrait of the handsome faco, the bright bluo eyes, the fair, waving hair, hung—a portrait so true, that it was torturo only to look at it, and yet how many hours had she not stood beforo it, her breast heaving, her eyes afire —until fierce, burning tears filled and blinded them ? Hot love, hot jealousy, hot hatred were fighting their battle within her—the very of the hatred begotten of the intensity of the love that had been so horribly outraged and cast off. Now be and his bride were coming horne —to this house, and she was expected to Btay hero and meet them. Expected by Mr Darcy, who had learned to love herulmost as a daugh ter; expected by Mr liiston, who had told her sho must confront Laurence Thorndyko in this very house, and ohow him to uncle and wife as he really was—a coward, a liar, a seducer. ?I cannot do it! , she said, her hands clenching together.. ' I cannot meet him ! No ! not yet—not yet !' She had been introduced into the house just two weeks after the mar riage aa ? my niece from the country Jane "Liston. , Aβ Jane Liston she tied remained here ever since, winning ? golden opinions' from all the house hold. Sho had found Mr Darcy a decripid, irritable old invalid, bored nearly to death since his ward's wedding—lonely, peevish sick. Hβ had looked once into the pale, lovely face, nnd never needed to look again to like her. Trouble and tears had not marred her beauty. A little of the bloom—there never had been much—all of the sparkle, the gay brilliance, that had charmed Uichard Gilbert was gone; but the 18 yenr old face was very sweet, very lovely the dark Canadian eyee, with thoir unutterable sadness and pathos, won derfully captivating ; nnd old Hugh Darcy, with a passiou for nil things fair aud young, had become her cap tive all at once. ' You suit mc fifty times better than Helen,' he said often, drawing the dark loops b£ satin hair fondly through his old fingers. ' Helen wns rattlepato. Never mind—matrimony will tame her down, though tho lad's fond of her enough, but will make her a very good sort of husband, I daro say, as hus bands go. But you, little woman, with your soft voice—you have a voice like an harp, little girl, your deft fingers, your apt ways—you area treasure to a crocs old bachelor. You aro a nurso born, Jennie, child ; how did I ever get along all these yecra without you ?' He meant it, every word, and a moonlight sort of smile, eweot and grateful, if very sad, thanked him. Once ehe had lifted his hnnd to her lips and kissed it, passionate tears filling her eyes. ' I a treasure ! Oh, Mr Darey ! You do not know what you say. I am a wretch—a wretch—unworthy of your kindno?s and trust! But one day I shall tell you all.' He had wondered a little what she meant. -Tell him all !' "What could the child have to toll ? She was so young—so pathetically ignorant in almost everything. What story lay in her life ? The very oldest of all old stories, no doubt—croased in love. He sighed an he thought it, bald hended, hoary patriarch thnt he was. He had had his etory and his day. Tho day had ended, the story was read, the book cloeod and put away, years, and years, aud years ago. In the gallant and golden days o£ hie youth he had met and loved a girl, and been, as he bolieved—as she told him—loved in return. He loFt her to tnnlio a home and a competence—he was no millionaire in thoso far-off days savo in happiness—to return in a yoar and marry her. Eight months after there came to him his letters, hi 3 picture?, hie ring. A richer knight had entered the lists, and tho lady wai born off no unwilling cap tive. A commonplace, everyday story —nothing new at all. . Ho took hie punishment like a man—in brave silence—and the world went on, and years and richee, and honours came, and a man's life was spoiled for ever—that was all. As ho recalls it, old, white-haired, half paralyzed, now in the twilight of sixty years, he can remember with curious vividness how brightly the July aun shone down on tho hot whito pave ment of the street below, the cries of the children at play, the quivering glare of tho blazing noontide, as he sat in his office and read tho words that renounced him. Twenty-seven years ago, but the picture was engraved on Hugh Darcy's brain, never to be blotted out. Twenty.sevon years ago, and when the fortunate rival bad fallen in tho battle of life, ten ybars later, when his foeble souled wife had followed him to the grave, Hugh Darcy'u rovonge upon her had been to etep forward and take tho child of that marriage to hie heart aud home, to rear him as his own son, to make his will in his favor, leaving him a million of money. . Laurence Thomdyke had sown his wild oate. Well, most young men go in for that kind of agriculture, and the seed sown had not yet begun to crop up. Ho was happily married and done for, and for himself Mr Darcy meant to keep his little ' Jennie' with him always, to travel about with her this coming summer, and leave her a handsome portion at hie death. 'For, of course,' eaid Mr Darcy, ' she will forgot that fellow, and make some good man happy after I am gone. . He hod settled her little romance quite to suit himself. She had crept, with her quiet, gentle, womanly ways, into his stern inmost heart —a very kindly heart, in spite of lifo'e wear and tear —very kindly, yet with a etubborn cense of justice and of right and wrong underlying all —kindly, yet terribly, obstinately unforgiving to anything like immortality, decep tion, or dishonour. ?' I love the child almost better than Helen,' he thought sometimes. ' I don't want to loae her, and yet I should like to see her safely sheltered under a husband's wing before I go. There's Richard Gilbert, now. I've often meant to introduce him to her, but somehow she always slips out of the room and the house when he sends up his card. I wonder if he's got over the loss of that girl last autumn. Some men do get over that sort of thing, they Bay. I hope Laurence had nothing to do with it. Gilbert sub pected him, I know ; but, then, ' Give a dog a bad namo and hang him. . Yes, my little Jennie wouldn't make half a bad wife for Dick Gilbert. I'll introduce him the very next time ho comes. , Mr Darcy sits before his study fire this chill aftornoon alono. Liston left some hours ago. It is not yet dinner time, and his companion— whore is she ? He looks impatiently around. While he took his afternoon nap she has left him. He listens a moment to the wailing voice of the wind, sobbing in a melancholy way about the houses, thon reaches forth norvouely, and rings a handbell. ' Send Miss Liston here, , he says to the servant who anewers. The gray twilight hour is haunted for him with melancholy fitting faces, dead and gone. He will have Miss Liston in to sing and play, and exer cise tho ghosts. Nobody ever sapg Scotch songs or played Scotch melodies half so sweetly, thinks the worn'old man, as Mies Jane Liston. The door opens, and she enters. Her tread, her touch" her garments, are always soft and noiseless. She comes gliding forward in the gloam ing, not unlike a ghost herself. Her paid face eeeme almost startlingly pale in contrast with the black drose she wears. In ite whiteness, her great dusk eyea look bigger and blacker than evor. It strikes Mr Darcy. ? Child, , ho says, ' how pale you are ! Come-over here aud let mc look at you. You are more like a' spirit of tbe.twilight than a young lady of the period.' Hβ draws her affectionately to him, and she sinks on her knees by his chnir.- There is no light but the dull glow of the fire. Hβ tilts up her chin, aud gazes smilingly down into lovely, sombre eyes. '" Oh, rare pale Margaret—oh, fair Margaret," , he quotes. 'Little one, what is it? You promised to tell mc sometime. Why not to-night P* ? Why not to-night ?' she repeats. ? To-night be it then. But first, is that a letter on the table ?' ' Oh by the by, yes —I nearly 'for got all about it. Another letter from our mated turtledoves in Florida. I ccc by the postmark they nre in Sho takoe it quito cnJmlv SK? and the day comes back to her," when Mr Won brought t<, tho tago the brief, pitiless note in this same bind-her death warrant SI c Beats horeelE on a hassock near the big invalid cha.p, nnd by tlio light-of letter' 8 Laure "<:? ThorndykoV It Jβ the R ay letter of a happy bridegroom whose brido bends over his .houlHer jimiling whilst ho writes. Hetellaof their travels, of how wel and handeomo Helen is looking—that in another month for certain thoy will bo at home, and with beet love nnd all the kisaos he could sparo from' IN t>l a, ho was, as ever, hie affectionate nephew, Laurence Thorndjko. She finished the letter and laid it down. . w C n m V Dg hoa ? e, ' Mr re P eat ". Well, I am always glad to ccc the boy—always fond of Nella; and we will all go to Europe together in May —you to take'care of the old man my dear, and help him to laugh nt the turtledoves' billing and cooing. And in sunny Prance, in fair Italy, we wtll Eec if we cannot bring back thn roaoe to theso lily white cheeks." Tho dark eyes lift, the grave young lips speak. b ' Thank you, , she aays. ' You ara always kind, Mr Darcy; but I can not RO.' ' Jennie ! Cannot go !' 'I cannot go, Mr Darcy. I am sorry to loavo you—more sorry than I can say; but you must get another attendant and companion. lamgoin? away. , ? . ? Miss Liston !' ' I am not Miss Liaton—my name is not Jennie—l am not Mr LietonV niece. From flrat to last I hare deceived you. I havo come to toll you the truth to-night, although it breaks my heart to see you angry. I will tell you tho truth, and then you will see that I must go. My name is not Jane Lieton; it is Norino Bourdon-.' (To be continued.) 