LITERARY NOTES. i iFROM OUB SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT. LONDON, Sth June. Miss Mary Kinsley was a. Capetown en route (presently) to Australia when the un expected news of her death was cabled to London, and sadly concerned hundreds of friends ond readers. You have ail read her wonderful adventures amongst fishes and fetishes in Central Africa, and know she was a niece of the author of immortal "M'estward Ho!" l'erhops, however, you may not have heard thai Miss Kinesley's father. Dr. Kingsiey, was the original of "Tom Tburnall," or "Two Years Ago," and that .k was from him the traveller and authoress inherited her courage, breezi- ness and extraordinary physical strength. Miss Kingsiey -went to the Gipe on a nurs ing expedition, but tola the last of her in terviewers that she was going to "investi gate Australia" when the war ended. Judg ing by present appearances you would have seen her pretty soora, and she would have afforded rattier comments than most "globe trotters." Readers of her great book, "West African Studies," -will remember her caustic and humorous criticisms of the Crown Colony 'system of government. But it is as a chronicler of travels, and, above ail, as the spinner of. the perfect yarn, that Miss Kingsiey -will be remembered long after her political studies will have lost their point and incidence. Miss Kingsiey had a style of her own — strong flavored, vigorous, even "slangy"— -but always admirably appropri ate to the rough and roystering life she loved to study, and. from which she drew most of her stories. If we were asked at a venture to indicate the best and best told yarn in our recollection, we should, per haps, mention that delicious story in the early pages of the "West African Studies" about the mistake in the signals off the deadly shores of the Gulf oi Guinea. The possession and willing communication of many such stories made Miss Kingsiey in private life one of the most valuable and delightful of companions. How she escaped alive from the Fan country was always a mystery to hereelf; but she always repudi ated with much energy the explanation sug- gested to her by one of her many "West African" friends that she owed her life to having been carried round the country as an interesting freak, and to her value ia that capacity to her exhibitors. She would explain her escape from toe cooking-pot on the ground -of her personal unfitness as an article of diet. Miss Kingsiey will be mourned, not only by her inner circle of friends, but by a whole medley of acquain tances—traders, governors, soldiers, ex plorers, sea captains, adventurers of every tj-pe, whitei-men and black— to whom she was endeared by lier unfailing helpfulness and 'her inexhaustible cheerfulness. She will be missed by the reading public as one who, for power of expression, for humor and insight and sympathy, was perhaps. only surpassed by Mr. Kipling himself, with whom, indeed, her literary genius had manv points in common. Merie Corelli's "Boy" was sprung on a surprised world wholly without advance ad vertisement, and the "vile prejudiced press" have had once again to buy their own re view copies. I parted with my 6/ (less dis count) very sorrowfuKy. The title of tne story suggested Mis Corelli in ultra-senti mental vein. Briefly described, the tale re lates the ruin of an especially lovable and attractive child by a drunken father and a fiend of a mother. We meet Boy first, a goiden-naired and cihubby infant seated in his high chair, and apostrophising bis ine briated sire as "poceiDg." We leave biro a gallant , soldier killed -at Mageryfontein. Between -this beginning and end lies the history of a melancholy degringolade. Bov has many friends ready to help him, but hi fat, frowsy and desperately selfish mother euchres each and all -with talk of her mo ther's rights and non-existent mother's love. The portrait of this iMrs. D'Arcy Muir is sufficiently pointed an'd cievcr to suggest a drawing from, life, and tbe description of the days ,o£-Boy's childhood are also"' evi dently true. . When be begins to grow up, however, SB's CoreHi comes to melancholy grief. A faithful, imaginative lad like Boj- could never, in a few years, have forgotten those whom he had once passionately loved. To reach ber denouement Miss Corelii re grettably allows n'erselt to be tempted into sensationalism. I feel sure, too, she meant Boy -to return to life and (happiness via Vio let Morrison. His death comes as o. shock to everyone. -'n The "Personal Recollections" of the vete ran Bohemian pressman, Sutherland Ed wards are naturally full of good stories, but his narrative lacks sequence. He writes as though he were chatting, jumping from one subject to nnother wholly irrelevantly. Amongst his yarns is the alleged -true ver sion of the quarrel between Dante Gabriel Rossetti arid the then popular dramatist, Frank- Marshall. The pair were dining at the house of a still living dramatic critic. Rossetti hinted tliat Marshall had the op portunity of some "very interesting flirta tions." — To the astonishment of everyone Mar shall flew into a blind rage, .protested vehe mently against the scandalous imputations east upon his moral character, and ended by using the mos» opprobrious language. The host at once interfered, and requested Frank Marshall to leave the bouse. The in dignant farce writer, unable to enter into the spirit of a joke directed against himself, now disappeared, leaving the company some what depressed. . : . Time went 011, when suddenly a knock was heard at tlio street door. Then a servant. came into -the roomi: saying, "Please sir, Mr. Marshall wishes me to tell you kliat his brougham is ordered for eleven, and, as it is now only half-past ten; he would be glad if you woultl let him have a chair outside on khe pave ment/' ...... "Solventur risu tabula)!" and Marshall was reealled. But another story about him seems to end less happily. At Ilia own house the guests were beguiling the wait for din ner by talking of nicknames — When Marshall, after saying how wonder fully applicable some of the sobriquets were, added: '1 wonder no one ever gave me a nickname!" "Oh, but you have one!" said Captain Tfawley Smart. Now Frank Mar shall had a somewhat cadaverous look, with a complexion suggestive of muffins, "Have -I? "What as it?' asked the appreciator of appropriate nicknames. "They all call vou the Boiled Ghost," said Hawley Smart. '"'Do they indeed?" said Marshall, very bitterly . I have only one remark to make/' Reserv ing his'observation, he rang the hell, and when the servant appeared- said in a stern voice, No dinner to-day!" As a musical critic Mr.' Sutherland Ed wards has naturally come into contact with musicians and librettists. Hans von Bulotr, for example, a musician of extraordinary sensitiveness: — 'A eur.ous jnsiauce of this was eked to me by Alexander Macken zie, who went one day with bulow to near a certain niece which its composer had ex pressed an ardent desire Jo play to the great pianist Hulow listened, turned i»I<v:hen turned green — the inur.c _ was revoltmgiv commonplace— and at last rushed out and : vomited on the pa remens.7f The "Sphere" publishes the following list of journaUsts who' have suScred in the Boer war: — Mr. G. W. Steerenjs "DiUr Mail," died it Lady- smiih of fever. , . ' Mr. MfccbeH, "Standard," died at ol e. Panlow, "Daily Chronicle," at Mafekin?. V Mr. Alfred Ferrand, "Morning Post, killed at LsdrsniUi. . ,! . Mr. K. Finlar Kalhl, "Mominc wounded at Belmont; richt arm amputated. Mr. Winston ChurehUl, "Morning Post, cap; tured and escaped. . Mr. Limbic, Australian correspondent, killed at Ben&urg.; Mr. Hellaveih "Dailr Mail," captured. Mr. George Lvach. "Mcixinc Herald, captured. Mr. Halts, "Laily News." captured. To which must jjow be added thc names of Mr. John Stuart, of <he "Morning. Post/ who has been captured, and lr. diaries Hand«, of the "Daily Mail/' who was se verely wounded in be advance on Mafeking. Mr. Lynch arrived in. London recently. At Durban he was very ill for several weeks with eDieric fever. 