Hie Drama or To-day. Someone's assertion, not unnaturally made use of by the excellent dramatic company now visiting Queens- town, that Mr Pinero's "Second Mrs Tanqueray" is " the play of the century" may or may not be taken with the reservation "in the English language.'' If not, it is a big thing to say, or in the argot of the day a " large order." If with this reservation, it is not 60 great praise as it may seem at first blush. The drama in England hes been in a bad way during this century just closing. Its glories have been tinsel; its art has been trivial. The great dramatists in verse, Shakespeare and Marlowe and Webster; the great dramatists in prose, Congreve and Sheridan and Goldsmith, have had no successors. Sheridan, it is true, lived -into this century, but his work was done before it dawned. In verse-by far thefineBt products of the century amongst acting plays hare been Robert Browning's ; in prose, Mr A. W. Pinero's, Browning's plays are indeed almost as dead as himself so far as the stage is concerned, but that need not prevent ns from recognising the fact that there is no one now living in England who is capable of writing a play at once so pathetic, so powerful, BO actable, and so poetic as " The Blot on the 'Scutcheon." Tbe life of a play has nothing to do with its merits. If it had, " Richard III" would not be staged more frequently than "The Tempest," or "The Streets of New York " than " The Second Mrs Tanqueray." Plays survive on the Btage if they please the undiscerning public—if they tickle. llieir-^ palate, appeal to their sense* of justice, pander to their sense of what they call humor. A good play from the public's point of view is a play that causes laughter, or tears, or excitement. The unities, tLe probabilities, the language — these things they care nothing for. The manager is at oue with them, for to him the good play is the one that draws a good house ; while to the actor the good play is the one which provides him with a good part. The literary man iB no less restricted in his view, for to him tbe play that is well constructed and well written is tbe one that deserves praise. To get a play that both lives aud deserves to lire, it is necessary to have one that has merit both as a literary end as a dramatic work—that not merely acts well but also reads well. And, outside of " The Second Mrs Tanqueray," how many has England, produced during this last decade of the dying century J Few. But how many did it produce during the preceding decade 7 None. Other nations to-day have great dramatists—Norway \- has tbe poetical ^jpsalo®ien|J3i|$le6 has Strintberp.tbe^esBimietib Sathor of D " Froken-Julie V': Germany .has the realistic Sndertnaun, whose ^'^Ugda" (known. as 41 Hermat" in the oiiginil) has : travelled ronnd the • world, 'and Uauptmaan,. the author ,of..- the "Christus," who strives to combine German sentiment with Scandinavian realism j and France has its romantic Rostand, whose " Cyrano de Bergerac" las revived the traditions of the Frenoh theatre when it was graced by the productions of Victor Hugo and Alfred de Mnsset. Then too there'is " tbe Belgian Shaltcspsere," Maeterlinck, the mysticalpoetical author of "L' Intrnse," to whose genins less injustice would have been done had his name been bracketed, not with Shakespeare's, but with that of the author of " The DucheBS of Malfi." The equals of these men England has not to-day, but she is nearer to their height now than she was ten years ago, and the improvement is due to the influence of the much-abused and muchpraised anthor of " The Doll's House " and Ghosts." Onr "best dramatists to-day, Pinero, Jones, Grundy, Chambers, and Shaw hare all come under Ibsen's influence, and had his plays never beeh introduced to England it is quite -certain that such dramas as "*'The Second Mrs Tanqueray " and the other masterpieces of the last ten years would not have been written. It is satisfactory to think that as tbe nineteenth century is dropping into the dust that covers the century that gave us Shakespeare the English drama is giving signs of rising from the mediocrity that has so long enshrouded it; and that the impetus that is moving it has come from without detracts bnt little from our satisfaction. 