\- — - - ' ..". ; — . v - L- : — . : ». mTF7 f WITHOUTA HOME. Br ,". cj- ' , jQ&BTERgUr.; , SEVERING TIES. " EeftHy, Ada, this is very 'mcx- pectcd. .Wliftt. has brought abuut this dehimbh ? S 33o tdll yiie ii-utb. T do not understand why you should . leave a home where you ore scarcely ' treated as a servant.'' I am folly sonsiblo of yonr ex- ceediogltinPiDess; dearlaOy," re|d.ied the givl, in a rich, melodious voice ; " but .1; "kannoV stay. There are' reasons ..(or this that you cannot understand ere I toexplain! Chem, which is simply impossible. I know you have spoiled me—that, . go where55wU,Tshall odt find another- home like.thisjhut I must go.?.' t. . " Miss' Meredith' rnade' Bome iein. quiries about you this morning, and seemed to think ithat she hod seen you before, but was baffled when she beaid your name. Did you ever see her before 1" " Oncc,";ifdiod AmyuUifuHy,- Perhaps sbe would like to see you. ySha said. she- woidd; cali in . the morning without company." Amy threw up her head a little proudly. " Miss Meredith can have no particular ousmess witu uie. i should like to leave this evening, if you'll l<&me; ge?'- ' . . " Certainly you cab go, if you are bent on'so doing," replied the lady, taking out her purse and paying the giri "her wages. - " You have been faithful/and the extra money is a reward for your kindness to Rena.", Amy. turned away, unable to- speak, and went to the library, where she bade good-bye to ber fevnuritea, with 'streaming eyes. " My, my 1 Whatdoes this mean ? ' What are you crying for, Ada?" asked Herman. Singleton, as he came suddenly into.tlie room. " Because' I am so miserable," she replied, faintly. " Everything seemB to go wrong." " What- has - gnne wrong?" he asked, kindly. - Has Rena got one of ber tantrums again ?" " No," she replied. " Mr. Single ton, I am going to leave, and I do love these books so much. It seemB like parting from old friends to leave them." " Why are you going to leave us ?" he enquired, gravely. "Because I must. I can't tell you why t" -I thought you had no friends,.. Ada ; what are you going to do in this large city without a protector ?" " What-iiUDdreds of -others do," she replied, "fight my! way, con- teat the road, and if I fail- it will not be because I lack courage. " What do you think Liave . bpen doing, these twoyears,?-!,. I suppose you'ii laugh atmejbutjhave been pre- , paring myselfjro toach.'h If a thuoplerbolt had |allen' at ii's feet Singleton would scarcely have been more astonished,,. and Ins eur- - prise did not escape ier notice. "I suppose you ,tbiok me pre sumptuous" :uhe continued, hur riedly, "but I was born of parents ! who instilled into my mind a love of knowledge ; .parents' who little thought their ; oiily ' child would have toikttlc with the world as 1 ; have had to do." When I came here and found these bopks, and leai ned that I could have access to theui, 1 determined jta jmprove the opppr- . (unity, and I nave no cause to re- proachr myself fpr/I have gathered many a heai .in tlieBe two. years, and stoiwtKein foi the futurA" , . The'6ligit Bgufe"'df the girl vvas erect now. The large brown eyes - —her peculiar charm— wer glori ously bright (wittf 'the enthusiasm tf her subject, and lookiog up into his face as she fiuike'd/fetie abruptly Asked; '' You think me quixotic, and my ideas visionary, 'don't you?" "I yiipk- ydunre!on'-th&iveige; of; agraud womanhood," he -rejjlied. She raised bbr eyebiriws'/ and her forehead knotted into- a-, heavy frown; fjlAskedyou for air honest Ainu x wiu. ,- > xvuii|jnsyfSQQ«s, \ \- simply subUme; jour ipuariy puts J to shame-oFpkEbSjt|i/nypur- rifj iund the maufier witii" which \ : jrnu .. haVe ' .fyoikS, "unaided ' and ! .. . : ?pdbne;is truly remarblei. -jf Aayey .watched you jthe4 ,%yt®, |ye£' gtinee-yim iwked my sister for the : that I could not do ia'this case.'' " You ate independent J" said tho gentleman, a little sharply. The bloody inouuted an a brjlliont ;glow to lier' fape.! " The lessofis .o'f life, learned in tho school of adver sity, are not likely to teach us de- Jiendeiice on fltose about! us," rite replied. Y-ou -talk bitterly for a girl of your age," he remarked. " Ada, .Avliat is.tiie causg of it? Has life "iifeld uo liappiucss. no' plea- jBure.for you all -these years that yiih have lived /" " Yes/' she continued, " until I was twelye .years old my life was oue coiitlniied -flusjrof -fiapiiiues, with only cue dark "cloud, tbfe death bf iny mother, though 1 was almost too youqg to realize my loss then. My father'died when I was iu my fourteenth year, and since then my life . has : bceu one cuntiuued Btiuggle with poverty."- l. ' " It is very strange thatyou have no friends, no relatives." ."I. have relatives, .but they Are insensible to my welfare. It riiak.es no difference to thein whether 1 siuk or swim. I don't know why I should be telliug you all these things," she added. ; ' - -J " Because I asked j'ou," he re plied. " Your ' couiidei.ee shall be respected." . " You have been very thoughtful and kind to mo since 1 have bceu an inmate ol tins bouse. Allow me to tliauk .you for.- your many little acts of courtesy'." ! < j' I- should be bettor pleased if you would let me assist you." " You caa do so by giving me directions where to. find a respect able arid cheap boarding-house ?" Herman Singleton stroked his moustache id "perplexity. Cheap boardiug-liouae's were not much in his line, but, thiuking for some mo ments, it occurred to hiui that he had accidentally heard of a small house in a quiet, respectable street, where one could get cheap board. A friend of his, a college associate, who had more brains than mouey, Jived there, and taking out a card that had been given to him, he told Amy of it, and gave her the address. ''Remember." he said. " that the offer of assistance is opeu to you a year hence as well as to-day." " Ob,'' she cried, breaking down, " your kindness makes it harder to fo. I came here as a servant, and ave" received nothing but good treatment ; aud it is hard to leave bo much beauty, brightness, and re finement, everything that the most aesthetic nature could desire, for a small room in a boarding-house." " Then why go ?" " Because I must. . Good-bye." She held out her hand, shook his heartily, and vanished quickly put of the room. CHAPTER XV. A SURPRISE. The last article of clothing had been put away, the lost good-bye was said, and Rena' was put in he- . bed carefully, before Amy arose to go. The parting was bitter, far more so than Amy had supposed it woiild be at first . Her face was the last that . -Amy looked on ia the bouse, for after she had said fare well to erc 'y one sbe stole up to the nursery again, as if loth to leave her charge/and took a last long look. With a heart almost bursting she went quickly .down the staiis, out - of the front door,, and entered a street car, which .finally set her ' down' at the boarding- house. She ffang the bell, and was admitted to .the parlour by a prim little maid, who said the mistress would be down soon, turning up the gas- as" she ' spbke. Amy looked around her, at the j homely but clean carpet, and at the walls with their pictures; She started up with an exclama tion of surprise. " Surely this is -the picture that used to hang over the mantel- in . Mrs. WollcrtuD's room ! Yes, it is the. same ; I know it is!" ! " Do you wish to see ine ?'' asked a voice ; and Amy turned from the. ; summer laud-cape to meet the cn- 'Auiijpg glance of the landlady. Tai L'imr q totiin -fVii'Kvmvl t.iip iriri rpbed one ..baud; and, in a voice ' sisncely above a whisper, asked .- " Is it possible that one whom I have "believed to "be dead for two lqntDyeare ia alive ?" ,p naughtily. " I am not a ghost that I know of. Will you come to busi ness, if you please, nqss j;' t ? Amy sprang f prwaN,,,mtlhti. glad ,, light in her eye«: "jD'riift.oir. re-v cognise me, Aunt Louise ? Have vou forgotten 3'our little . pet, Amy . <3 riiiris ?'/ -Alri, .Von 'kno w tjio now," hh/r replied; ' as 4! look' !rif fefceigriitiori lad flhebjieuei'hLMmp toyeceiye'L , let;., ieliyje io flight.1 !ph> Ainy,.. ifioW'glad Lwmdodook'pnyour lace ; touMopBoor Kchild Mow -' I-have hgeatotiave yriu 1 Witti'toW after'I tiMyouiq%f|iiid<eiiai'!E' = JMffllAiriy fllflfiotdoobt tbe' eiri- 'ShS£Tdfi Berber face. me. look at you. Why, hjess u/y soul I yori-area yohrifc'iady, aild 1 -.had' eSpectod jo .see ypriia' jittlel.irt still. Well, old fdlks'tKlnk'lliat tlie 3'oung must stand still, but they go on growing all the same. " Now, tell ane all aboutyoucself "» -. -.Amy gave her entire hist-uy, omitting nothing that, had happened since her father died, and Mis. Wol- lei ton laughed and cried by turns, ias Jier favourite told ho"w slie. had; "battled so successful' with an nd- | verse fate, ending 113' saying that the one motive of her life was to fit herself for teachiog. j . - " I shall never make myself -known 'to the Merediths,- nor, "do 1 wishij them ,to, know oT me ; so, auritie, I think 1 shall kcep iny nfeWyoame, Ada Gascon. I have crime to live with you now, if you can find a nook in your dear heart and home for me." " Of course I'll find one for you, and you shall go to school just, us much as you" want to;- Dou't shake your head, for I have some money, and nobody in the world to spend it ou but 3'oui-selt Just .to think of the trumped up lie of that ra.-cally man who tried to get you into his power. Bless your heart, child, , 1 have liveS-':at the 'rildfplaco. Aver since, till last yesr, and 1 never sat an eye ou him. Just to think 1 that you .have beau living liei'e:tw,o j years in - drudgery, arid I didn't kuow it," " Not drudgery, aunt. My life at Mrs. Garm&ris; was rather pleasant."; " OiV, yes, I dare say, nursing a spoiled child was rather pIcasRiit." " I would rather do that than be dependeut on any one," was tbi quick reply. "Just like 3'our father. lie was tori proud to ask anything of his father-iu-kw, so his business went to the dogs. Don't 3'ou be too iu- dependeut to do as 1 say." " I don't want to be a burden to you," replied Amy. " Wlio says you'll be a burden ? When 1 get tired of you I'M. toll you. I'll send for 3'our trunk to morrow." " But, auntie, if you are really so well off, why do you keep hoarders?" a-ked the girl, with a quizzical look on her face, for she thought she had the advantage. "Because I wanted something to do," was the quick .reply. '.' You don't doubt my word, do you ?" " No, no ; but I thought you said so to make me feel at ease. I would . rather accept aid from yon.. J,bah any one.1' ' ' " " - - " You are coming to'your senses," said Mrs. Wollerton. " It is a kind ness you are doing me, child, for I am lonely, aud oftimes sad because 1 have no youug face about me to make sunshine and music. Come with me, aud I'll show you to your room." She led the girl up to. a large, airy bedroom, ueatly furnished ; aud when Amy was told that was to be hers, she caught her friend about the neck, and kissed her again aud again, ' " Go to sleep, my dear," said -the old lady, geutly, " so you may'bnve fresh cheeks in the morning. Good night," aud Mrs. Wollerton retired, leaviug Amy to herself. " A smile, half triumphant, half sarcastic played about the' youug gill's lips. ' The road to knowledge lies opeu before me," Amy murmured, " and if I do not garland my brow6 with the chaplet of knowledge, it is my fault. Dear aunt, how she took me in her arms, and kissed me so mapy times, and held tnc so tight that I could not breathe. The same kind heart/ the same genial mauuer of old. Help from Iter does hat gall aud chafe like it would from the others." ' But Mrs. Wollerton did riril' tell her of the man3' anxious visits that Oscar Meredith badimadfe to, her"; how he. had tneti every means in - his power to find his niece. With a rare tact she saw at a glance that Amy was deeply prejudiced, aud the fact that she had thrown aside her right name, only served to confirm her opinion ; so she wisely kept her own counsel, and determined to use a little strategy. To describe -the jfeeiing. of quiet- content, cuat stole «over the -lonely- 'orphan girl, as she laid her head on the pillow that night, would JjfiJm- possible ; there was something heavenly in it ; no child to soothe in its broken .slumbers, ;Juo,bellB j,o 1 answer/ bo commands' to obey ;"for ' the first time in years she could clo.-e her eyes with Jtfie dcnpjvj.edge /that she "was mistress of her ' own mjavemcute. go to sleep "when "Bhw was tired, aud awake when she willed. y: (To BE C0KT1KVED.) w- 