'^CHEBOHliFELLES, ? CHAPTER XIII. IM leaning forward, Mr. Lynwood ticked fiff each separate iucident on the tips of his f . .-An advertisement is inserted in the S'a w» ? '''d .for, infr? Z 'Alfred Baker.' My Cherchefelle is abroad enjoying herself with her friends. Directly those papers have time to reach her, she suddenly returns, travelling ..u anA rlav ill order to be at home the sooner my 1 Because she scents danger, and wisheB to be on the spot to inset it.' ' That is only one my of Putti'S it-' interrupted Harold; 'She must have had a^dozen different reasons.' ' Be kind enough to wait until 1 have quite finished ; then you can interpret what I call my links as you choose. Link Number Two : Her ladyship has never met Mr. Sano* taary. Seeirg him unexpectedly for the firs' timn fiie falls to the ground in a faint. Again, v'Dy i l can see nonsense about ' fatigue trembling on your lips. N ow it is acknowledged by every one that Mr. Sanctuary resembles lis half brother, Philip Powis, and the uu eipected likeness was a greater shock than she could stand. Link Number Three : Her ladyship next sets her cap, as the phrase is, at young Sanctuary. After refusing more than one good match, she lays herself out to attract I raw boy with not so many hundreds as she has thousands— a boy, too, believed to be swett upon some one else. ' Fallen in love with his handsome face,' they say in the servants' hall No— it was the boy who inserted the adver tisement, 6ay I— the boy whose fancied mis sion in life was to discover his brother's murderer. Whether she intended to marry him from the first it is difficult to tall ; in all probibility, she thought to bend him to her Will without going so far as that, only, when it »me to the point and he had to choose between her and his mother — fcr it was nothing less if he gave up his task — then I should say that the boy proved stronger than she had im agined, and would give it up only for his wife.' ' But why give it up at all 1 What reason Could she urge ? She could hardly tell him what you assume to be the truth ! ' 'Haidly, considering the relationship ; but when a pretty woman sets her mind on a thing, a urn as far gone as he was never asks for reasons ; her will is enough.' But she must have been a thoroughly abandoned wonau even to contemplate such a thing ! ' Abandoned ? No — or she would not have been such a good wife to Sir Gervase. Say despeute rather than 1 abandoned.1 After *11, she was innocent enough, when Philip owis found her at Penwain. I have some OR more to tell VOIl lirfiKAnH-rr come to Link Number Four : the loss of the etter-as foolish a letter as ever was written- y t e-bye ! Never set dowu on paper more Ai/T buBinefs tllan yo« are absolutely th k 1 leamed from Miss Cherchefelle at her ladyship was close by when the ormer was reading it, so, by some means or er, it falls into her possession, and 6he at «nce knoiv.s oar little game and exactly how fir f t' \ mUSt ^ave starfcled her a bit at it- all , 'eC sPeeial'y if She had thought L I ? 7er- But 8he i8 a wo»ian °f bu, , ; S1,e loses time, confides in no one, It wa Th 2 aUd g0e' f0t the letterp herself, too™ J m°Ve' but sometimes the boldest ? rieht PW S^8St' aud she br6uShfc il! off / accide.rfnd ^°0necan g'ard against every Oherch.lii ? P't0 flecide,lt Miss ^^atsVdT' h6r fr°m tUe WiQd™' have le'd n. . , n0t recoSnise ht*, it would been for the H a Stey 011 fche ™y had it not at w»k ou Hie?1' ?**?* 0{ Bamon'8 bei'g carriage , u wheri the Manor House ,IPtb5 After that, as I said, all Sanctu^-V £ 'g ab°Ut' to' ^ was Mi« p Tn, SOme f°01 BSBUred it » place an 1 .,^h8felle* Wh° had lived hit ot a fool hi i- \ S.° that' beil,S als» a to believe his 0^ ' ^ k'°W whether But^ook W.c,Cper J' f ^ « 6 wUh me ; the an-1 »o end of 1,8 Jler ladyship's portrait h0t0SrapUs: 80 that Put doubt of it t°7' raUd now lle has not a J? But °MC ' 1 a naT * Lady Cherchefeile-B tb letters' lftteh' !*18 ^ Si'.ctuary Tt J ' ^ ® P?ssession of Mrs as Raids' tl,l .r ittleout of common r8'rel'' ''- «H,or '? ptecUely tie ''S? thl' ' That I wish to Heaven I had never asked you to take the case up ! I should have found out nothing if left t* myself, and there would have been an end of it. Does Mrs Sanctuary know ? ' ' Not yet, but she knows that I have found out something which I am keeping back from her. Tou will hear of it when you go down ; but I am responsible to you, not to her?' ' Where is Barston i ' I have sent him to Trecothick to see he^ ladyship again. I do not think there is the slightest chance of her recognising him, but he will keep out of her way as much as possible. It was such a bare glimpse which he had be fore that it was necessary for hirti to see her again before he could swear to her. But there is no doubt — not the slightest. I should be only deceiring you if I said otherwise.' ' Then what is to be done ? ' ' I am happy to say that that is not my part of the business at all. T have purposely re frained from gathering up the last link — from tracing Miss Morgan of Altberg back to Mrs Philips! of Clapham ; so that' — and turning his head away he slowly gathered some papers together as (he spoke, ' if you choose, it is perfectly open to you to ignore any connection between the two.' Harold jumped up, and, plunging his hands into bis pockets, walked rapidly to and fro. ' And leave Sanctuary to live on with her in ignorance ? Do you seriously advise that ?' 'I advise nothing ; it is not my affair. I told you I had found out something morp about Peggy Owen. xhere was a sham marriape — registry office in a back parlor, books open, ring put on, papers signed, all as like the real, thing as possible, and all lies from beginning to end. Upon my word, I can't help feeling sorry for her.' ! ' When does Barston return ?' ' He is due now, unless he goes to M*s.' Sanctuary first. I hope not, but am not at all sure that the old lady has not come to some understanding with him behind my back. If so, you may find it taken out of your , hands altogether. I think you ought to see her as soon as you can.' ' What is the good of seeing her if I can suggest no way out of the awful difficulty ? Can't you, as a friend, help me with a word of advice ?' Lynwood was silent for a moment. Then he said — 'Is Miss Cherchefelle aware of the real re lations that existed between her fiance and the woman about whom you wrote so fully iu that exceedingly foolish letter.' . ' I don't suppose she has been told in so many words ; but she is not a child. Besiies, I said something long go about Philip's un worthiness.' 'Then I think I would get her to act. It will be painful, but that in any case you can not avoid. Tell her everything plainly — mock marriage and all-*-then set her to get over Mrs Sanctuary whilst you let her ladyship know that the game is up, but that if she disappears quietly no inquiries will be made. Barston you will-have to send out of the country, but I don't think he will give you much trouble, it will be only a question of money. It would not do for me to have anything to do with it, but, speaking as a friend, as far as I can see at present, that seems about the only way out of it. Only, beware of Mrs Sanctuary ! She . is capable of anything. Lose no time, but get Miss Cherchetelie to return to the Manor House and tackle her at once.' CHAPTER XIV. Just one week later, Harold was walking down Jermyn Street when he felt a sharp touch on the shoulder, and turning directly, was confronted by Lynwood. 'You never tackled that old woman as I [ told you,' he said abruptly. ' Not yet. I have been waiting for Miss Cherchefelle; she had only just gone to Devonshire and could not possibly get away before, but she returns to-morrow on purpose.' ' Then she may save herself the trouble; it is Too late. Whilst you have been dreaming, Mrs Sancttury has been doing. Shis got it all out of Barston, as I feared, and acted on th® information at once. Under her iustruhtions, he has given himself up, has been brought before the magistrates, privately remanded, acd Mrs Bernard Sanctuary is already under surveillance, the officer having a warrant of arrest in his pocket should she show any signs of talcing alarm. They 1 don't want to make any. mistake ; they are hunting up her Continental antecedents, but that is all they .are waiting for.' '.Then 'what is to be done ?' cried Harold blankly. 'Nothing. Not oven that implacable woman could stop the ball now. ^ It must roll on (o the end.' ' But it must Lot. Whatever her faults or her crimes, she was Sir Gervase Cherchefelle's ? wife, and disgrace to her will fall upon all of them — at ariy cost,.she uiust be saved.' | ' if du^hoyld have thought of that before. Eveitfshd&tii-; shfcisucceed in eluding the vigil aiice ^n^gtjiard at Trecothick, every ; isjhe would be pursued aUd .:^^^k^|^inediateiy.'' ' trnve any plan, I would ratlier nOT^reHr it. I have done my duty as your friend in giving ypu warning ; but now- 1 wash my hands of the metier altogether.' He was turning awaj, when Harold caught ? t him by the arm. ' One moment. It is hours, not days I suppose. Jrlow long do you think we ha.V9 yet ?' ' You have to-diy, Saturday, and I sliouli not think that, bar accidents, they would anything to-morrow. But they may hear any moment from the other side, and I would 1 not answer tor Monday. But at the first sim* of anything unusual, it is all up. Good mora-* iug. I can't stay any longer.' Il^rold looked at his watch ; then, jumping into a hansom and telling the man to drive rap d!y to Waterloo, he just caught th« Devonshire express. His crude, half- formed plans were gradually filling out and developing themselves. It was upon James Fulwel', the younger, the only son of Avice's aunt, that Harold fixed his hopes. He was fond of cruising, kept a steam yacht at Falmouth and knew every inch of the dangerous Cornish coast* Hirold had never been to Trecothic Castle, but he knew that it was by the sea, for Ber nard Sanctuary had spoken of the noise of tha waves dashing against the cliffs on which ifs stood ; and his idea was, if young FulweU could bring the j^acht round, the guilty woman might be able to reach it unobserved, and so get away, perhaps to Spain, until they could settle what was to be done with hee But the time was so perilously short ! Fa aught he knew, it might be days before thft vessel could be made ready for sea, and, though the train was speeding aloug almost at th® rate of a mile a minute, he stamped his foot with vexation at its slow progress, bitterly r©» proaching himself for Jnot having taken action before. Harold's unexpected appearance, when sh® had heard from him only that morning startled A vice almost as if he had been & ghost, and he was just about as welcome considering the news he brought. He told his tale at first alone to her ; then Mrs Fulweii was c lied in, and later her son. 'We cannot do without help,' said A vice* tearbssly, for she was horror-stricken to at perfect calm ; ' but my aunt is a Cherchefell% the honor of our name is concerned, the secreft ' will be safe with her.' It took some little time for Mrs Fulwell comprehend fully all that they told her — th« story seemed too ghastly, too improbable foab belief— but, once she did realise the truth, shft was quick to think, quick to act. It was gh-h who sent for .Tames, and, in less than halt-s u- hour, he was on his way to Falmouth to cadi and provision the yacht, and get together hec crmr. 'Nothing mare can be done to-night except to appaar totally uncencerned and give no on® the alarm,' said Mrs Fulwell. ' Avice, dear^ you may have a headache, and I will excuse you from dinner ; but, Mr Bichars, I rely upojoi. you to act your part well, for my husband is% justice of the peace, [and it would never do foaj him to be concerned in the matter. There es Enid, too ; she must not know or she woulifl. be sure to betray us all. To- morrow I wiffl telegraph to Mr Sanctuary that two or three oft us are coming to pay him a visit, if he wiffl have a carriage to meet us at the station. Tha office is open on Sunday at Trecothic for sat hour in the morning early, and long before this message reaches the Castle, if I know anything* of their ways, its contents will be publus * - property, so our arrival will cause no alarmw : ;v'' We shall be there long before the yacht ; yoie will therefore have ample time for explanation^ I don't think much of Spain,' thotigh— the$r V| found that Pigott man there easily ^noagh— - but James has friends in South America. IS vjl ! ::f he can manage about coal, he had better' rum ^ her over there, and she will be lost for gooit and all. My greatest difficulty will be ^ ^ explain the sudden journey of to-morrow ; tat is unprecedented for me to travel on Sunday. However, I must do the best I can, and Mi-r ; ' i? j, ' ?, Fulwell kuows I never act without p jo-0. '? r reasons.' v. 'What she has done is^past speaking off .0^'^ said Avice; but she is not quite so hai-deae«fl as she seems. I have seen her suffer greatly. Can we not give her some warning of what; bb coining? The sudden shock will be fearfuL'' Mrs Fulwell looked at Harold. 8 j ' Impossible 1' he answered rather shortly , 'There is no post, and the telegraph is naJfe r safe. Beside?,' he added bit'erlv, for, _ r v»|_. that ho knew all, it chaffed and fretted bam ^'^3$ beyond endurance that Avice should be umbsfi - ? ? up in it — 'she could do no more for her&dfi.; ,:v than we are doing for her.' J : 