AN EVENING WITH DR. RENTOULI AUSTRALIAN LITERATURE. ITS CHARACTERISTICS AND ITS PROMISES. Dr. Rentoul, one of the professors of Ormonde College, Melbourne, who is at present on a visit to the colony, in connection with the Presbyterian Church here, favoured one of our representatives with his views on Australian literature. The opinions of such an authority should be of great benefit to the literary world of Perth, for Dr, Rentoul is a lecturer on litera ture, history,, etc, under, the Melbourne University extension system. His lec ture on "Tennyson's ]Message to his Age" was years ago published in extenso in the Melbourne Press, and a report of it reached Lord Tennyson. The great poet conferred on Dr. Rentoul the hon our of writing to him and stating that 'he regarded that gentleman's criticism and estimate ps "the best, or one of the best, characterisations that had been made of him and his message. It" is possible that, on his return from the goldfields, Dr. Rentoul may deliver in 'Perth a lecture on various aspects of Tennyson and Browning and other lead ing poets. It would be difficult to describe the charm of Dr. Rentoul's society, when he gives expression and scope to his literary thoughts and criticisms, or to reproduce all his utterances during what were to the visitor' two exceedingly pleasant hours; but his views on Australian liter ature, which formed the object of the interview, will be read with interest. Factors That Are Necessary. "As to Australian literature and the prospects of a great school of ABustrala sian poetry and prose literature, in the first nlace it is often overlooked that there are three main factors necessary to any great literature and any schod of poetry. One factor is the theme; another is the age, or time; a third is the national conditions and environment. One of these conditions, of course, must be climate and the physical circum stances of the country. The great lite ratures have arisen mainly in lands of varied scenery - mountaii and valley, and river and sea. Again, the great literatures were bound up with the his tory of a nation's strupcles and suffer ings. In fact, the great literatures arose out of the'heart, as well as the mind, of the people. "I may illustrate this by nointing to the literature called the Bible, which arose mainly out of the little land of Palestiie, and out of the struggles and woes of its peoule, under the nsuiring force of trust and hope in .God. It was the land, as Scripture says, of brooks and fountains, and of streams that flow amongst tlp hills. Snow-clad Hermon rose like a vision to the north, and the great sea washed it to 'e westward; and the scenery of that little land so impressed itelf upon the imagination and heart of the people that it has given inspiration to the literature of all mo dern nations. Take, similarly, little England, little Scotland, little Switzer land, littlelItaly. All our modern Eng lish poetry and highest literature have been influenced, and in a large measure ins-ired, by the thinkers, and singers, and writers of ancient tiny Greece, and of medieval little Italy. Through both ran great mountain: chains, round which clung the glamour of cloud and mist, and inm neir glens were beauty and the song of rivers. Australia's Great Drawback. "The one drawback of Australia as a literary centre is perhaps that it is too huge, and its scenery and natural sur roundings too monotonous. Again' the day is perhaps too bright, and all things too definite and hard-liedu. The hard sun shines clear into the Australian gul lies, and in Australia there, are no ghosts. Everything is so clear, matter of-fact, and definite. You must recog nise that much of Browning's best was made amongst the Apennines of Italy, and Tennyson's best was made, some of it amidst the fogs of London, some of it amongst the wet and clouds and gleams of brightness and of shadow that mark the British Islands. The glamour of beauty that haunts, for example, "The Princess " was due to his visit to thd lakeland of Killarney, in the south of Ireland, with its softness of climate, its lingering twilight of sunset, its "rain, sun and rain," as he sings himself'in "The Idylls of the King." "Again, .in Australia we must not be, as the Yankees say, "too previous." We must became a nation before we can ex pect a great national literature. It was only when 'the English 'people were drawn into a passion of unity by the sufferings of the people and by the strug gle of the great French war under the Plantagenets, that the English lan guage. which had been till then a lan guage of the yeoman and the churl, be came, on the lips and pen of Chaucer, a erent litpirv unica V, n mY m ,,-r A...r tralia time. Prbmise of Distinct Literary Power. "Taking these things for granted, how ever, the Australians have already, I venture to think, given good promise of distinct literary power. They have also already, I think, shown that Australian poetry and literature will ultimately possess a distinctive specialty of tone, spirit, and theme. Of course the Aus tralian people are as yet so British-so English, so Irish, so Scotch-that Aus tralian literature, whether it take the form of poetry or prose, must for a long time be largely an echo of the great poets and literary writers of the old ands. This is, indeed, the main charge of a hostile character that has been brought against Australian poetry and prose. Adam Lindsay Gordon. 'Thus, Adam Lindsay Gordon is, in deed, -not an Australian. He was born in the old country, and his influences were largely drawn from the old coun try. So with various other writers in Australia. At the same time, take even Adam Lindsay Gordon himself. Though much of his singing is imitative of Browning or, in quite other moods, of Swinburne, yet there is a distinctive note in Gordon's poetry that is characteristically Australian. There is in it the clink of the stirrup' and the gallop of the Australian cross country hurdle jumper. There is in it the crack of the stockman's whin. and there is also in it the subtle penetrating influences of the Australian bush--the sense of loneness, and widths of space, and monotony of existence only to be broken by the wild gallop, or the round ing up of the rushing cattle. Take, as an example, 'The Sick Stockrider.' "Take, again, 'How we Beat the Fa vourite.' Here there is a distinct some thing quite apart from the mere theme, that marks the utterance as one dis tinctively Australian in spirit. Of course, the 'Lay of Britomarte,' as a mere story, could have been written in Eng land, and yet even here probably it could not have been written by any man except one who had himself galloped across Australian bush country. Much of the sadness in Gordon's verse (a sad ness finding its anodyne only in the wine cup) is not necessarily Australian, though there seems a marked tendency to that sort of thing in much of Aus tralian writing. It is due, I should say. more to Gordon's consciousness that by his career he had closed the gates of Op portunity behind him, and that there was no returning. An Anecdote of Gordon. "May I tell you a story here about Gordon. which I know to be true? It came from the clergyman who married him, one of our Presbyterian clergymen, who was himself a literary student. Gordon, as you know. was a gentleman's son. He married in Victoria a domestic, a pure-minded, but uneducated girl; and he did so, according to this clergyman, largely to indicate that the past was past, and that there\ was no going back. But, though much oi Gordon's verse is irreverant, he could not endure lewd and impure talk; and this is the story I want to tell. Gordon was invitezl by a wealthy squatter to dinner. He accepted the invitation, but after the ladies had retired, when, over the wine, the con versation and the jokes had begun to take a coarse and lewd turn, Gordon im mediately rose ]and retired from the room. He always carried about with him this memory of having once been brought up in a pure English home, and of being a British gentleman. Kendal, the Greatest Australian Singer. "Kendal, again, the greatest as yet of our Australian singers, is far too much an echo of Wordsworth, Keats. and others. It is a very sweet echo, with a true sense for nature and the true feel ing of humanity ; but, except in its pic ture of Australian scenery, it cannot be called distinctively Austral;an. The "New Australian School." "Australian poetry and literary prose must necessarily, I think, be for a long time considerably dependent upon the poetry and literature of the old lands. Thus, for example, in what is sometimes ambitiously styled the 'new Australian School,' represented by writers like Law son, 'Banjo' Paterson ("The Man from' Snowy River,' the poet of the 'Never, Never Country,' and so forth), the imi tation of Kipling, and of some features of Swinburne is too palpable. These writers seem to know only one resource against the ennui or dreariness of exis tence, and the result is the devil-may care life of the rouseabout (as the New Zealanders callit) or thegallop on horse back across country, or. the hip-hip-hur rahI of the 'jolly good fellow over the tankard of beer or the brandy and soda. This is the danger and the weakness at present of much of Australian verse. It is only due to these and many other wri ters to point out, however, that there is a deeper element in their feeling and sympathy, and at times a nobler note in their singing. They are catching more -and more the spirit that is distinctively Australian-or Australasian, one should sair, because we must remember that New Zealand, with her great snow-clad mountain chain, her rush of rivers, and her quite different flora, will afford con ditions for a quite distinctive note in poetry and in higher literary prose. Characteristics of Australasian Writing. "In all Australasian writing of the more distinctive kind I' think one may observe elements or, features--charac teristic features-such as these: A de sire to throw off conventionalties, a love of physical and mental freedom, even to the over-assertion of individual force perhaps, a passionate desire for an out of-doors untrammeled kind of existence, a love of dash, of breeziness, and move ment and action in life, with all the while a besetting sense of the vast level flatness of the country and of the mono tony of human existence. "As an illustration of this, I may draw attention to the young cluster of poets. and verse writers that have been brought into prominence by the brilliant 'Bulle tin,' the satirical weekly in Sydney. Some of these writers possess a singing voice of great sweetness. and at times of surprising power. Daly, perhaps, is .the sweetest and most mystic in spirit amongst them. He is at times near to the mood of Wordsworth or of Keats. Ogilvie, -again, has a splendid ring of manhood and forcefulness in his, verse, and his spirit breathes intense love for, and loyalty to Australia: but there is n besetting and recurrent reminiscence of the fact that, after all (and this, per haps, is seen especially in Daly), .the Damocles sword of fate hangs by a 'hair over our heads as we feast and sing, and' the sobbing of the sea is heard through the song of the upland rivers." Sadness of Tone. 'it is a curious thing, too, that the stories presented in the 'Bulletin' have a prevailingly sad tone. This, of course, will necessarily be the case if men and women leave the quickening and inspir ing hope that the divinity in God and in a victorious Christ brings to man. The late R. H. Hutton,. of the 'Spectator,' in London, the foremost literary critic of his time, pointed out that George Eliot's. literary and artistic creative power loosened and lost fibre just in proportion as she abandoned more and more a de finite Christian faith. Her earliest crea tions, such as 'Adam Bede,' have an ar tistic unity and power that are not at all displayed in the much later.'Daniel Deronda.' If that be so, it may account at once for the depressing tone and the lack of the highest creative power in Aus tralian novels. So far as they are not mere'stories of wild adventure or of %ushrangers; so far as they are stories of social life and of individual character, the prevailing tque of them seems rather sad and depressing. "Of course, a supreme instance of this in 'romance is Thomas Hardy. In pro portion as he has abandoned all faith in God and hope for the progress of hu manity, in proportion (as evidenced by 'Jude the Obscure') has his creative ar tistic power become loosened and deter idrated. Work of O'Hara and Gay. "It should be .said. however', in con trast with all this, that a good deal of the best poetry produced of late has a quite different ring. Take; for orrsnnlp. th+ 'Lnns of the ?oa?th.' ad other poems by Mr. J. B. O'Hara, of the South Melbourne College (formerly a distinguished student of our Ormond College, though he himself is a Roman Catholic). His best poems possess fine sweetness of cadence and rhythm, a true sense of the varying moods of nature, a sympathy with the heart throb of hu manity, and an inspiring hope for hu man progrress; because he has trust in God. Many of his verses are marked by a fine felicit- and a beauty of artistic touch. If the thought is not very pro found, yet, at any rate, it is true to the' heart's instinct and to humanity's hope, as well as out of nature; and the fine thing is that it is always pure. "Perhaps the finest work done recent ly in Australian verse is the sonnets of the late William Gay, of Bendigo. Though a great thinker, and for the most part always confined to his couch of pain, his sonnets exhibit a very high or der of feeling and of artistic workman ship. His fine sonnet on Australian Fe deration, so often recited at Federation assemblies by Mr. Deakin recently. rises perhaps nearer the voice of the true national Australian poet than any other single poem that has been written in our country. "I may mention, in a quite different mode, the poems of Mr. Alexander Su therland, and the poenms of John Sandes, better known b- his noni de plume of 'Oriel,' in the 'Argus.' Mr. Sutherland's poems are at times philosophic, at times remind one of Wordsworth, at times have upon them the mood or echo of Shelley. 'Oriel's', of course, are in a distinctly lighter vein, but sometimes in the mock heroic they have in their own way an excellent quality. Some so-called 'pa triotic' poems produced recently by Su therland, on the one hand, and by 'Oriel' on the other, are distinctly good of their kind. It is a kind of which I myself have no great respect, but I simply speak of these, recognising their literary merit. The Coming Australian Literature. "Then one could gladly go back into a higher vein to speak of Sladen and Ste phen, and of some of the Sydney poets identified with the 'Bulletin.' But I think I have said enough. I do not doubt that there are already evidences sufficient to warrant the belief that when Australia becomes unified, begins to feel the pulse of a large com mon national life and national destiny, becomes impressed with the deeper spirit which age and long experience and the weight of a nation's burdens bring; in short, when it reaches forward out of the immature transition stage into mature national life, there will be an Australian litera ture both in poetry and in prose, possess ing its own unique characteristics. The life of the Australian people, by the sheer conditions of climate and of mani fold environment, will be a distinctive life. having characteristics of its own, and Australian poetry and literature will necessarily be also in many respects cha racteristic and unique. iue "Old, Old Fashion" Must Abide. 'Still, we must remember that thb old, old fashion will always abide as the cen tral motive force of literature: the old, old fashion of love and loss, of struggle and endurance, of self-sacrifice and of burden-bearing, of laughter and tears, of love and of death. Literature is a language of emotion. As my great mas ter, George Lillie Craik, said, "Wher ever under the strong iniulse of emo tion language grows and burns, wher ever it has the effect of glow and colour, it is literature; and wnerever that litera ture falls into cadence and rhythm it is poetry." There will always abide the human emotions of love and yearninr. of pity and sympathy of the heart thrill ed under the touch of Nature's voices, and of the spirit called upward by the voice of God while other voices call and lure downward. These voices, as Tenny son called them, will always abide, and the strong force of that struggle in the human soul will always make the cen tral element of literature ,whether the literature be poetry or prose. The Aus tralian, though his skies be changed and the land around be all different from other lands, will always be a human soul. The element that made Shakespeare- the love. and the tempting and the tra ged- of life-will be in Australia as much as in England, and this will always be the real creative force making a litera ture. Wherever a people is gathered together into a nation we may look for the literature as-a certain result." A Leader in Australian Prose. In closing the interview, Dr. Rentoul said that an Australian writer that should be very honourably mentioned was Miss Ethel Turner. of Sydney. She had undoubtedly, to use a Yankeeism, "struck ile" in Australian prose. She had given a quite distinct presentment of an aspect of Australian life, and had treated in her own line childhood and young boyhood and girlhood with in imitable felicity: but. even here was found a proof of the tendency of sadness which marked Australian romance as yet. The scene created by Miss Turner that lived imperishably in the memory was, might he not say, the, death of JTudy. 