An aged Cockney makes a good living by being run over by lady cyclists/ which happens some four or five tunes a week. He frequents the south-eastern suburbs of London, and when.unset pretends to be severely injured, when $he affrighted wP»^-oaaily.pattsw|thaBov,toapp6aae him and prevent legal acton boing taken. .The 'slim ' ancient has also trained two of hfa .grand children to &e; lucrative business. Mobb erratic and old womanly as each week passeB, grows Mr. Bernard Shaw, etipendary magistrate of Hobart— best paid police magistrate of Tasmania, and among tho'lleast capable.' rTo see Sir. Bernard Shaw floundering into thick mud over the very simplest matter— to see him hesitating and hobbling, wheats ca pable man would act promptly and go straight— in Bhort, to see Mr. Bernard Shaw exercising the functions that aro too much for him — all this makes one wonder how some Tasmanian officials got their billets. It is an idyllio place, this, and it seems that a magistrate once ap pointed is beyond all criticism or censure. But the Government might, for the pub lic good, remove Mr. Shaw to Hamilton, or give him a pension or something. Iawtbb Keating tripped down from Launoeston some days ago to attend the A.N.A. banquet. Keating is a brisk young fellow, who so far shows no faUing-away from his early promise, Southern by birth, and still Southern in hie general sympathies, Keating* is a bieezy cosmopolitan at heart, untainted quite by the crass philistine provincialism that still ravages the North. But he knows this North, and on one matter his opinion is worth noting at this time, He insists that there is no considerable or organised opposition in the North to'-tho Great Western Eailway; but he says that Northern people generally have refused to take the Great Western Syndi cate seriously for months past. ' Let the Government bring down a proposal to construct the line,' ? says Keating. ' and there will be no formidable opposi tion from the North. I'm quite con vinced as to that.' Several of the millionaire families in the United States possess fortunes in laces. Those belonging to the Yander bilts are said to be worth £100,000. The ABtor family has rich bice — treasures valued at £80,000. Mrs. A T. Stewart spent £100 per pair for lace curtains, while those of another American million aire cost £40 a yard. New York buys more laces than any other city in the world. It has at least a score of wealthy women whoso laces exceed £10,000 in value, and a hundred whoso collections would each sell for £4000. A dressmaker stated that she had seen two lace shawls in that city worth not less than £600 each. Her Majesty's wedding dress wa decorated with a piece of Honiton luce, for which a £6000 was paid. The Pope haa a collection of lace at the Vatican worth £176,000. The Queen's collection is worth £75,000, and the Princess of Wales's £50,000. On Friday night last, E. T. Dunstan, dissenting parson of Sydney, lectured on ' Briton and Boer.' One sample : — Oom Pan] preaches, but I venture to say that not many of his texts wonld be found in the New Testament, The Books of Judges and Kings probably provide him with his fullest supply, for in the evolution of religions and political thought this is tbe Boors' level. Whereupon The Clipper rises to remark that if E. T. Dunstan meant tiiis, he ratted outright on his own accepted dogma of plenary and verbal inspiration. If the Old Testament is no longer good enough to take a text from, Dunstan and his followers and oonge&res; must either chuck up the Old Testament or preach a lie. But as a matter of fact, Dunstan, barking up the popular tree, must not be taken seriously. When he is out on a Jingo whoop, Dunstan preaches from Old Testament texts himself with astonishing frequency. As to the New Testament — where is the blood-and-fire jiarson to find justification in that book ? It seems to be rather a pitv that during his stay in Hobart, Sivroni can not- organise a few attractive eJitertain uitmts for Sunday nights. Up at the Temperance Hall, where they love humour hot and strong, with an abun dant spicing of horse play and pure clowning, eivroni has quite properly stuck to crude burlesque and the most extravagant sort of fun. He might now, with advantage, show tho public that that sort of thing only represents one, and that not the best of his qualities. Out in India, Bivroni was far-and-away the most popular member of the Wellard Opera Company — and in India audiences are critical. 1 he Englishman in Cal cutta, the Times of India in Bombay, and other leading organs of Anglo-Indian opinion, spoke of bivroni, as an operatic comedian, in terms of exceptional favour ; in another direction, the Civil and Military Gazette (the paper Kipling sub-edited) at Lahore, classed liini em phatically as the best ' Private S«cre tary ' India had seen. It would be a pity if he left Tasmania without broad ening liis record of the Temperance Hall— excellent, indeed, of its kind, but incomplete, and most imperfectly repre sentative. And, ah, these Hobart winter Sundays ! Can any sane moralist assert that the youth of Hobart gets more Rood in the streets than it would get in a comfortable hall, listening to comfort able music? When is this stupid and damaging Sabbatarian spirit to be routed ? What Herbert Spencer wrote of the homo hinds ever so many years ago, is dismally true of Hobart to day : ' Ask why in England, and still nioro in Scotland, there is not only a cessation from work ' (on Sundays). ' which the creed interdicts, but also a cessation from amusement, wliich it does not interdict; and for an explanation you must go back to successive waves of ascetic fanaticism in generations .long dead.' Tho Sydney oleotrio tram iervioe is excel lent, it pays well, and tbe employees are paid good wages. It is a nationthzed sys tem, under wliioh already tbe M»ets nave exoeeded by £30,000 the original estimates. HRHRHH|IHHH Madakb Ebnestine HuNBtQtrEs, the well-known Sydney o&ntatrtee;, who usually pays a visit to Hobart every year, will appear in concert at the Town Hall, on Wednesday night, Aug. 16. Tbe annual show of the Tas. Poultry Booiery will be held in tne Old Exhibi tion Building, on Wednesday and Thurs day, August 22 and 23. A number of special prizes have bean added to the schedule, and good entries are rapidly .forthcoming. Last Wednesday the police made an attempt to convict the Mercury manager of an offence against the lottery laws. Evidence proved Daily Davies guilty of printing lottery tickets for a certain flhuroh concert ; bnt so sloppy were pro ceedings that a quibble sufficed to save Daily Davies from being made a horrible example. This prosecution, however foolish, gives a lead to the anti-gambling push, which, if they were serious, wonld be vigorously followed. It is w«H known that millions of handbills or cir culars, and lottery tickets are printed in certain Hobart prinberles for 'Tatter- sall.' Such printing is- declared unlawful by the famouB 'Tattersall' monopoly clause of 60 Via,, No. 7, which says ' all the provisions of the Lotteries Act, 1878, shall apply to any such lottery.' Now, as an informer gets half penalties, Borne day a smart out-of-work will insist upon a vigorous police prosecution, and things might happen. Stacet's concert on Monday night was again a pronounced success. Bivroni and Miss Carlton introduced new items, Sivroni in particular bringing down the house with some genuinely funny busi ness. Teddy Reid sang well, and se oured enthusiastic recalls. Yivie Keel ing had again an enthusiastic reception. The others were more or less acceptable to their . audience, but scarcely oaU for extended notice in this place, There will be another concert on Monday night, with a special programme. Binqhah Ckowtheb, recently re turned from a trip to the far East, lec tured on 'China and Japan,' in the Town Hall on Thursday night. The lec ture was not particularly illuminating The doctor saw a few stock sights through a globe- trotters' eye-glass ; of those deeper things that underlie exter nalfl, the things that touoh the sooiology of the people, Bingham Crowther had no thing definite or original to say. And he has the globe-trotter's pernicious habit of striking erroneous generalities. Thus, the doctor gave out that in China and Japan the people only drauk very light spirits, so that drunkenness and pauperism were almost unknown amongst them. This statement is com paratively true of Japan ; but of China it is pretty well as false as any state ment could be. The writer knows some thing of China, outside Hong Kong and the treaty ports. The typical spirit of China is a peculiarly strong spirit, whose abuse results in a very violent form of intoxication. So far from drunkenness being unknown in China, it is pretty common everywhere among the lower classes, and in some districts it is exceed ingly prevalent. And, without reckoning the millions of pauper priests attached to the myriads of temples and ehrines, pauperism is very general throughout China. So much foi the accuracy of globe-trotters. Fob wilfully breaking a glass panel in the door of the Hoop and Grapes public house, Farrinffdon-st., London, a drunk who described hiinself as a poet, in reply to tho charge, said : — In my deportment last I did tail Through having too much ale j But I ask you not to send me to gaol. Oli, kind magistrate, I should feel glad If a little mercy could be bad. It is unkind to charge me — unfair, I wonld not lie to my good Lord Mayor. (Laughter.) On hearing that accused had been talking poetry in the cells, tlia Alderman, Tmscott, remanded liim for inquiries. THEeditorof the Nobth Western Ad vocate (a broad sheet of pabulum pub lished in a maritime village) being in spired by recent Great Western railway agitation with tho vigor of a William Goat, rose supremo to tho petty pabulum of arcadian simplicity and told his readers of tha 'selfish schemers in the city of mag nificent paupers' (commonly called Ho bart) on tho banks of tho Dement.' He objects to state expenditure furthor bol stering up the languishing capital : and ' it is to bo hoped, in the name of all that is fair and honorable, and that which makes progress and prosperity, that these devilish schemers will be again checkmated, and that the horrid thing called ' Hobart influence ' will bo thrown down and trodden under foot until the very life is crushed out of it. Bah! The thing is so obnoxious and despicable as to engender the same loathsome feel ing that one has for a slimy snake crawl ing to one's bed in the dead of night to do its poisonous work.' After that and a lot ij)'re, extending over a column, Hobart should (rive up ' tho Ghost ' to tho North and H.I.P. 