MAW ST. HELENA. ? ? CROWE'S FUTURE ABODE. SAB0LEON»S EVEBYBAY LIFE HISTORY OP THE ISLAND. (By 'Tackra.') fHOTJGH space forbade the \- following extract from my diary being published bust §week, I continue now. Ow ing to an unexpected de lay,' we got another day ashore, and made tbo most of it, Saturday morning, 6 a.m. I've just been look ing out to see St Helena by sunrise, and it is radiant, the coloring of the great mountains gleams through the white mist which wrea thes them round, and in the. town the eolored roofs and trees have risen through the mist- lying lite a cover let over them and the bay ripples in sunrise glory. ''Anyone for Longwood; hurry up,' eaid the steward, as he rapped at each door with a cup of really nice coffee, which he flings reckless ly at your head, and in half-an-hour we were eat ing a hasty breakfast from the most tempting table full we had seen for weeks; but we ignored everything except 'burgoo' and solid mutton, as :we heard the ascent to Longwood was real hard work, We wanted to be light, yet hardy. There vera six of us in the Napoleon party, but I will only tell you about a dear queer old doctor, . who says I'm 'yery Interesting,' so, of course, I'm fond of the dear old soul. He knows such a lot, and bas piles of books and old diaries, which be is go ing to let mo look over to-night. This is very good, as 'they' say he knows the history of the place as no one else does, and his father visited SLangwood when Napoleon was there, bo'i fce'« a great acquisition. Some rode, some drove; both parties looked funny and old- fashioned anyway, for the vehicles ore 'like arks, and the horses like animals out of Ha* ark. Mil the little brown boys cling to our wheels ?ad horses' tails as we proceed up the quaint street, where we have at nodding acquaintance with lot* i of people. The climb began as soon as am left the town; we passed some rich greenery at Uu top of the cleft which made a pretty fore ground tor the village. After this began a moun tain road, like an anthill road, only not so well ;walled. At one moment we overhung the precipice, ?It another we were crawling up a wall, and ever ftnd anon we seemed to be diving through the Otrth. I was on top of a big rock, and looked back at the cavalcade, two kind of Victorias with out tops, with several horses and postillions on each, hitting their nags unceasingly, while guides bu&g; on the tails of some of the horses to get a pnil up hill. I soon let my horse go on alone, end walked a good way,-tus it was more interest ing, ? and I could collect flowers and insects and BisQM, all of which were odd, and some beautiful, especially a plant that bore several colored flow ers at the same time. 'Bid; Napoleon come along here, Dr. X.?' 'He -Hd, and he thought worse of it than you do; he thought it was the ugliest place in the world; but TO'll.eoog see something beautiful, and you won't (remember this.' Just then we came round a STinv fortress of a cliff on to the most exquisite scenery that it is possible to view — farms, sheep, fields, jbeadows, valleys of verdure, hillsides of crops, and stately trees, all so unexpected that ?we were speechless with delight I have called St. Helena ugly and barren; but it is another Emer ald Isle, indeed. - 'Did you notice the wiia 'broom' growing up the - mountains?' asked Dr. X., as we were all talking our praise at once. We did; it was in clusters here and there, and sometimes a whole beside of golden glow, 'An Irishman first brought that here, in the early part of the century, for firewood; but though he could not grow it at Longwood, it grew elsewhere and spread, so we can thank Ireland for the gift. Did you. know the Portuguese first settled here. They brought a Dutch prisoner, who was banished in 1618, and. he became a. sort of. Governor with slaves from Africa, with pigs, goats, poultry, part ridges, guinea fowl, pheasants, peacocks, vege tables, roots, figs, oranges, lemons, peaches, and other luxuries. You know it wasn't till 1651 the East India people took the island and the Dutch came in 1502. Oh, here's another bit of informa tion about the years Napoleon Bonaparte was here. I found the bit of tattered, faded, old print cut out and put in my old Dad's snuff-box lid. Here it is: «In 1822 meat was very dear, so that no one hardly ever ate it. When a bullock was killed an official killing had to be decreed, and ta avoid this, some people used to chase a bul lock till it 'accidentally' fell over the cliffs, when it had to be shot and eaten. Tea was very cheap, and other produce brought from India and the East. . Mutton (which Napoleon liked better than any English dish, done brown) was about 2s a pound, fowls 6s to 10s, ducks 10s, geese 15s, tur keys £1 to £2, pork 15d, cabbages lOd to 3s, car rots Is a bunch, potatoes 6s to 8s per bushel, eggs 5s to 6s a dozen, peas priceless at times. The. Governor only was allowed to shoot phea sants, peacocks and partridges; board and lodg ings. 30s a day. No spirits were allowed on the Island. It was always gay in those days with dances, concerts, races, plays, and other fun. There were 29QQ souls^7§Q British, 130Q black, the rest foreigners.' ' We thanked the Doctor for these remarkably interesting notes, which I hope may help ? me to publish this diary. The view; went on, sometimes cruelly barren and magnificently wild, sometimes so fair and peace ful and charming that you wanted to lie down, and hug it. At one little homestead we had eggs, milk, scones, and fruit, which tasted as the scenery looked. The cottages at places peep from the luxuriant ?valley of a burnt out crater, and the shady Wsg lish roads are lined by gorae, red geraniums, fuchsias, oranges, colored foreign blossopis, oaks with their tender green, sombre firs, an4 deli-. ! clous hedges with green lanes and quaint cot tages. At last, 'liongwood,' a queer low build Ing, something like a colonial bnahbouse, built on top of a bleak barreja plateau about 2000ft above the sea,' with a few skinny-looking trees all paralysed on one side with the chill trade 'Wind. It looked aged and decrepit. All the same, ' I was delighted to see cnything historical, and gloated over everything, bringing, away splinters and scraps and nails as relics of Naptoleon. 'He's not there, you know,' said the Doctor., rather cruelly, as Napoleon had by this time aU most become a friend. 'My father used to come here when he w,aa a lad : to bring t fruit from our garden to -the ?General,' and one day he saw him in his bath with a shelf over it for his breakfast.. He spent hours in his %bath. Once he saw him dress as he was told, to 'wait — early he wore white flannel things, socks, trousers, and coat all in one, but later he used to dress properly. I tell you fee was a dandy. Three superior servants waited on him, one held, bis glass, another his eaaytog things, another his toilet vinegar, which be used to put all over him. Then bis things wer« handed over, white, kerseymere or brown nan keen breeches, ?white waistcoat, green, eoat, white buttons, black stock over his collar, three cornered hat with a cockade, military decorations, snuff-box, and a dainty buttonhole bouquet! Of course he didn't wear this when he was gar dening, of whieh ho was very fond, but only tor his rides and walks, and when he had to see folks, 'Come and took at his room,' said the Doctor, looking as though he were taking us to Paradise. It was a poky little room, with holes here and there, paper peeling oft, and everything faded, but — Napoleon lived here once, and his heart broke here; so that the place must be sacred even to irreverent Australian youth. The room was 14 x 18, 10ft high, and somewhat dark, but, as the doctor is talking fast I will write all he says. 'I don't know if the place was furnished as it is, but about 1822 my father stayed here a few days, and in his diary he writes this: 'I was at Longwood, and one day when the 'General' was out I went into his room — it's very small and badly furnished, too, brown nankeen ' on the walls, with common green paper border, and some red paper roses, the windows have no pulleys, and a bit of nicked stick holds them up. The curtains are white longclpth, rather dirty; there's a bit of a fireplace, and old fireirons beside a grate with a small mantelshelf. The pictures of his friends are fine; and something of Napo leon's hanging to a hair chain of his wife. The earpet is old, and once belonged to a lieutenant here; also a common chest of drawers. . The bed is his own, and folds up. It has green satin mattresses and grrr?n silk curtains, and he used it at Austerlitz and Marengo. I do admire that and the pictures of his people at home. In the next room I saw six green- painted cane chairs, and a gold basin and jug; but I didn't dare go any nearer, so I had to leave the rest. I'd like to have seen his larder, where he keeps all sorts of wonderful sweets for children.' ' We were quite interested when he stopped, and said, 'I've only bits here and there, as the rats ate most of it. Tou know ever since the twenties they've been the pests of St Helena. People used to turn out for rat hunts, because we were being attacked.' We walked on to the tomb, which lies in the very heart of the beautiful part of the island, sur rounded by magnificent trees of every shade of green, with undulating fields of grass, and perfect peace — the most fair spot on earth to rest in. Although he is not lying here now, we go* very sad, and I wept, so that the doctor was quite dis appointed in me. X had been cramming Napo leon at St. Helena, and the whole pathetic, tragic, yet stately and royal funeral procession I seemed to see winding down to the valley. I looked at the big weeping willows that have provided enough wood relics to pilgrims to make a thousand such trees; but I believed in them ne vertheless; to me they were the identical willows planted at the time of his death, and I took a slip (which is growing into a beautiful tree, and has been the parent of innumerable St. Helena Na poleon trees) in perfect good faith, in spite of the doctor's chaffing. It is said that most of the willows in New South Wales have grown from original slips of the true originals. The doctor read us a bit more of his father's diary about the funeral, which I quote: 'It was a terrible night when the General breathed his last— May 5, 1821. The storm seemed as if it meant to blow the is land away. He was buried, and I can never for get the sight There was a solemn service at Longwood, where many people cried; then the sol diers carried the General to a car with horses. His horse, -with all its usual trappings, followed, and seemed to cry, too: His coat worn at Ma rengo was put with his sword on the coffin, and I felt very sad as the soldiers reversed arms and the band played a dirger— so sorrowful. The grave was under a willow tree, and as we stood there looking at the coffin of the man we loved, we felt we had done all we could to make his days bright. I heard that a lot of silver and dinner plate, knife, fork, spoon, ewer, and', coins were buried with him, but I did not care much— I was sorry he died, perhaps* ? ' The torn slip ended abruptly, and we turned away with our hearts choking a little, and a disinclination to ?peak or look at anything for awhile. The asso ciations will always make this valley in lone St. Helena seem more a tomb than the stately Les Invalides* I will tell you all I know of the history of St. Helena for a change. My pen bates to write slowly, sadly, for too long. It was in 1502 that the Portuguese came here, and, finding no aborigines and no sign of any man's work on the lovely little island, thought it a pleasant possession, and naming It after Constantine the Great's mother, Helena, they left, putting ashore some goats, asses, and pigs to dwell with the sea birds, seals, sea lic=;s, and turtle. In 1588 the first Englishman called, and found the place quite flourishing, with a church jnd buildings amid cultivation. In 1591 an Eng lish ship called on the first trading voyage to [ndia. The East India Company took possession of the island in 1661, and so improved it with forts and buildings, that the Dutch re-took it Shortly after the Eaglish again got possession, and took care to make it almost impregnable. The new fort was called Fort James after James [I. In 1673 the Dutch landed with a big force, but were driven back with _ rocks and stones, which soon forced them on board their ships to the leeward of the-island. That night they hug ged the shore, and saw a man by his fire alone. Landing they caught him, and compelled him to show them the way to the top of the hills where the British dwelt. Up they went by tortuous ways until they were ! near the' goal, when 500 British met them pluckily. In a short, sudden attack Fort James was taken, and all the English fled to their ships and away to Brazil. There they met men-of-war coming to look after some East. Indiamen, whq ^etwned te, §t. Helena to re uapture it The- British landed quietly in a pre cipitous place, where one. of their number scaled a terrible cliff and carried a rope up, whereby the others came upi Two forces were sent out in. opposite directions, and completely surprised and routed the JJutqh, As there were no cables the new Governor from Holland, who was expect ed, arrived, and found Simself a prisoner the moment he landed. A couple of rich treasure ships, who came in, as they thought, to their own ports, were also taken. About 1673 and 1700 the discipline was very severe indeed. All sorts of dread penalties were in use for small offences, and the East India Company's foot was indeed a heavy one. There wene insurrections and mutinies, soon crushed aut, but the place flourished, and no foreign Power attempted to interfere. In 1885. there were 3500 people in Jamestown, about double that being the population bC the crhole island. Telegraph wires are over most of the Uland, while. 50 miles of good roads may be seen, with. 15 schools, chapels and churches, and societies. There are 28,8ftQ acres fit to. use, 1816 acres bar ren; the rest is sveryrich, and' pays well. Quan tities of guano are- sent away by the Government, which should be,' used. In the Island. There are m houses* valued- at £6&000; many. «rf tW' villas are very fine, and have, most beauti ftll grounds. Government House has forfcr rooms aad J7fc acre* 0* magnificent parkJani it. was built la J.791, and is quite good stBlf ft *?»?, there w«e only a battery of artillery and a. «om jasy ojM&'ayal Engineers, and the fortifications, were unfinished, and poorly kept un. ., Of course, Napoleon's experiences of. St Helena, are what V&&& the place interesting, 4S Co®, pares, witfe Gronie's srobabie 4Qjsg& there. Mm. AselV. (Miss Betsey Baleombe), whose father afterwards came to Australia, to an official appoiBtHwaA, wrote, a charming book about Napo leon about t8i12. She knew him very well? and be was v^'Py fond of -her as a child, and ad mired her beiatity. as well as her spirit and fun. The book Is a delightful reminiscence. Mile, Bet sey describes Napoleon's early days a* Briar Cot tage, »bere t-y stayed with the Baleombes, and made binwelf bteloved, and tells el many a trifling yet Interesting- fiaeident— - how the 'General' used to critieise her crosses; how he used to go to halls and -3auoes, and View the proceedings fpomV hid^ den place, then ;Wa»se .them for Ciys with, 'his quaint criticisms. Napoleon invitea the family to Longwood, and Bctt&'ey never forgot her first view of the interior of Abe house, though her chief in terest lay in the kitchen, where Napoleon used to order all sorts of '.rare sweets and confectionery . for the children, who so lightened \hls captivity. She describes the view on on© side Atfith its pawn ing caverns, beetling cruel cliffs, al-Ws and cacti, and wild, leaping goats, where NapOli-on used to took out at the fantastic, rolling, burning clouds, and picture all the wonderful past \ again, end think of the hopeless future, ' He oft fen used to tell ghost stories, and the children usvsd to re tail the island stories, for the place \ fa full of ghosts. At Sugar Loaf slaves escape^ ^and hid in a cave, becoming robbers, but at lasg there was a fight, and they were killed- by tne great1, boulders hurled at them; ever since, their spirits h'teiist the place. At another place, the Friar's Rock. Ka,P0leon often sat and pondered, while he listened \to the tales, an4 saw the utter hopelessness of \^jr-cape. Here was once a chapel with a good anil holy priest, who did his duty, and was loved. One day, he saw a shepherdess, who had los.\ her sheep; she cried, and he pitied her— ere l-Ag he loved her, and save up his religion and woAk. to irarry her. A great day of rejoicing came, tva\ny friends were there; when, just as he was about \to be married, a thunderclap came, the church .W\4 folks fell in a chasm, and the ex-friar was tunAeAl# to 6tone. Napoleon used to wander in 'Fair.y-: J lasd' near these spots, and he loved the beauty of it all. He used to take notes and write, or li© on the grassy hillsides, and dream— dream— al- ways of the pas.t It has been said that .Napo leon had to wear turned clothes; this was simply because there was gone of the green cloth , njori by himself and suite on the tele at the time, «Ud many others had to do likewise. One walk Mees Betsee took with him up 2000ft almost perpendicular, but it was a memorable and gloriws trip, A very interesting day was when a machine for making ice arrived fron* Prance at j Iiongw\\-od, and the General invited all tfce ''elite' to see it at work? he was very fond of scientific toys, or works, and spent days witij them. His garden was a great delight to- him. Several hours' a day he worked in his white flan nel overalls and wide straw hat, interested in each plant. Sometimes the Governor- cut down his 'trees because he thought they grew too near the fence at Longwood, or drooped over a precipice, and this used to put the 'General' into a very bad temper, because he was not thinking of anything but beautifying Ms place. He designed foun tains asd schemes of irrigation which showed his tateat, aad seemed to enjoy being Ms own. over seer. The first earthquake that -had happened tor 130 years, was felt about 1824. The ex-Emperor used to like to 'wander round after dark without coming across, sentries every where, and close fences, so they tried to oblige \irn as mwA a& possible, hut he never forgave a t eaoe betsg built dose, to Long-wood, although it seemed, e wise thing to do. with a man of such deep, resources. Often he got up before sunrise, anfl va&dewa; abOHt tfce fruit garden, gathering; ami ea*io& fruit as the sun was rising- This hajrm less hajsit va& sojon reoogzused, and the sentries. osed. to lefe him. feel himaelf unobserved. TAe principal amasemen-t was shooting hens and w.*Ui goate* «*«* rats, o* which, there -wero taious ands* who. used ta make Longwood & place* for feeessaat rsTebytey aiEbi. T&te; «»* very characteristic as to Napoleon's hafetta. Though a skilled artillerist, he was an -sseg*abfe same- shot, and semir&oaasstgsB;£e£ a3Ar^W^«*atwnil4/beabooa;tOBin3u ft is saitf that so bad: was Us marksmanship la the. day* «£ ais. pawwi, that at wuae grand shooting fcaxtr at Qfca&ttMr; he ?accidentally shot out; cue otMwebaJ Bfesaaaa''s eyes. H» used to. rf 4e in. tfe&\- wiwate qo a. most gall? caparisoned horse* fust, a* Plough, hft nfflR expecting: company, yet o& «e£&& Bj-Dfc« to, aa$oB* strange unless fit, at v«ty gay mood or unless be -were obliged. At ana break fft& $«&r; e#r«a Set £& boner, the fotfowfiig was :4£s ms&ui; '-M4 jjfe, patted meafc, turkey,,, chz Etaft Sow*., tern* wtflea, dates* almaads. oranges* fee sa&& oUamBa^ae.' This was Out turn «£s& h- eyerf paJt, and: the *ast at which, be mat &rajQgsrs-; It may he interesting to note that tesr.* ▼*» SWfc li*»fc£ at £/»ngwQo4. so tfeafc b». ha«t nft *wo«t -rt resdjae. Tbs N»r ppleoa house at Longwood's probabfe annual expenditure about 1822 is r Inter* esftngf Forage for thirteen horses daily, j ^fg0; traasport JEorage «pr mute, #46; pay ml* 4Uer, £27; English servants, ^-5?5; supplies, fe?« age, eight mules, twp muleteepg, radons .soldiera, ££77; mechanies oa new house and repairs, £i?39; table stores, etc., £2020; wines, £2445; house and table expenses, including English efficers {£672), £11,700. Daily rations: Beef ^gd'mutton, 821b; bread, 661b; fowls, 6| butter, .5Jb; lardi 21b; salad oil, %% 'pints: sugar candy, 41b; eaffee, 2.1b; green tea, %lbj black tea, %U-; ] yr&x; candles, §; eggs (weekly), 30; sugar, 51b; cheese, lib; vinegar,'! stuart; fieur, 516; salt seat, ; 61b; firewood, 3cwt; porter, 3 bottles; vegetables, value, £1; fruit, dittg, 10b; confectionery, §s« Fortnightly: Dueks, §{ geese, Zl turkeys, 2; loaf sugar, 2 loaves; fine rice, %lb; 2 bams (141b): coals, 45 bushels; fish, 80s worth; milk. 98s worth; fresh butter, gait, mustard, pepper, capers, lamp oil peas, not to exceed £7. Wine dally; Cham Bagne, % bottle; MadeTia, ! bottle; eoastaRtia, j bottle; claret, 6 bottles (one bpttle of Cape or Teneriffe wine to the servants, being one more than is served to soldiers and sailors pn the sta* tfon). Daily extras paid by the French: One dozen eggs, §s; §!t- of butter. 3e a ib, 21b ol was candles, at 3s 1b; 3 fowls, at 6s; Ub of cheese, at 3s; vege tables. 10s worth; 21b of salt pork, at 2s 6d; lib of lard. Is; 1 bottle of oil, 8s; lib of rice, lib of flour, Is; 51b of sugar, Is 6d; 1 bottle of vine gar, Is; paper for the kitchen, and. thread, Is; 4 loaves, 6s daily. Weekly: Two turkeys, £3; 1 ham, 3s; 1 roasting pig, lls; 1 bottle of pickles, 12s; 3 bottles of olives, £1 4s; also 3 to 5 sheep; and 2 calves monthly. ? This luxurious list does not give one any idea of the hardships that various diaries would lead us to believe Napoleon suffered. Following is the inscription, translated from the Greek by Macau lay, for the bust of the ex-Emperor, placed in the ground's of Holland House: 'Oh say not now within the grave Is hid that chief so wise, so brave; But in. some island's hoUow round Wlnera raves the sea, for ever round, T!h.e captive of a foemam. base jje long to see his native place.' Among the superstitions regarding Napoleon, the one jnost believed in was the 'little red man' who, it was asserted, \iaUed him every night bs &-re 'a Jrig battle, aid arranged tne manoeuvres. For years, so goes ihe story, Napoleon and the 'little red man' fought for the ascendancy, until it seemed that the evil genius was. conquered. The story, as told by Lever, is this: The old grenadier, before Napoleon's tent at Mount Tabor, heard a quick step, and called 'Qui vive,' but no -one answered, although something brushed by Slim end entered the tent. For a moment he was nonplussed, and hardly liked to call out the guard, as he saw no one. Ho heard two voices. 'Ah, thou here,' said Bonaparte; 'I scarce expected to see thee so far from France.' 'Alas!' Baid the other, with a deep sigh, 'what land Is eo-f open to me— or whither shall I fly to? I took refuge in Brussels. Well, what should I see but* the tall shakoes of your grenadiers com ing up the steep street. I fled to Holland; you were there the day after. Come, thought I, he's mov-- ing nprthward, I'll try the other extreme, so I started for the Swiss. Sacre bleu; the roll of yovff confounded drums resounded through every valley? - I reached the banks of the Po; your troops were there the same evening. I pushed tor Home; they were preparing- your auarters which you occupied that night, Away, then, I start once more. I cross mountains, and riverg and seas, and gain the desert at last. I thank my fortune there arc'* a thousand leagues between us; j and here* you ar e npw. For pity's sake, show . me on t§-e map «.vf the world one little spot you 1 didn't want to conquer, t SiBd let me ljve there in peace, and be.sure neyer ta meet you any more.' Bpnnaparte did not 8pea.k for some minutes. 'There.,' said he at length, 'you see the island in. the great sea, with nothing sear it, thou njayest go there,' \ 'How is it called?' sai& the litlte red man, 'St. Helena, jt is not v wy large, put I promise you, shall n«t. be disturbed \ there.' 'Tou'll never come there. - Is that your pledge?' 'Never; I promise it At least, if I ap, tboa Shalt be the master, and 1' the slave.' 'Enough; I go now. Ad feu!' It may be regarded by some, too, as an omen that the last exercise -writtei i by Napoleon in his youth at the military school a t Brienne concerned the British colonies. It concl tided with the words (in French): 'St Helena, little island.' I give a facsimile. Cronje, if he solaces his enforced leisure by reading St. Helena l'erords, cannot fail to be interested in. the gtories'16.f the Dutchmen who hase been prisoners there. Napoleon in his Garde wng Suit. NAPOLEON'S FIRST [TOMB £T XONGWOQP. Napoleon's Signature at Fontain bleau to his Abdication in 1814. Napoleon's Signature at El'oa Napoleon's ^ignatyr© at St, Helena, 