Trance Interments. TRUE T.VL'^S OF PERSONS BJILNO BUUIEI) ALIV13. By OJ-IIM.VNT .SMK\TI>.N. ' Huriod Alive I'-the vory idea : makes a cold shiver run through you. i And yet I have had a coffin opened before my eyes, and seen the most 1 incontestable proof that when that ' shell had been committed to the etrlh ' it contained the body of n man still , living, who must aftorwards have , regained consciousness, only to suffer one of the most awful of all deaths. I Many persons vrhom I know have left instructions in the hands of those 1 near and dear to them, that even after all doubt of dissolution having really occured has been set at rest, their , heart is tn be pierced with n very fine steel needle. So great is the horror they entortain of being interred while still animate, that they prefer the chance of death through the thrust of i the needle to the horror of returning to consciousness and dying of suffocation in the tomb. i Dr. Dibdin relatns that Francis Dounce, the antiquary, requested in his will that Sir Anthony Carlisle, the surgeon, should sever his head from I his body or take out his heart to pre vent the return of vitality; and his I so-residuary legatee, Mr. Kerrick, also | requested the same operation to be performed to him when dead, in the presence of bis son. | Dr. Paris tells us that the daughter of Henry Laurens, the first President j of the American Congress, when an infant, was laid out as dead in her coffin. On the morning of her funeral the window of the room was thrown up for purposes of ventilation, when the child revived. Three hours more and she would have been buried. Mrs. Godfrey, Miatress of the Jewel Office and sister ot the great Duke of Marlborough, lay in a death-like state for a week. All her friends and her medical attendants declared her to be dead. Her husband, however, refused to allow her to be buried until the first signs of mortification appeared. At last he gave bis consent, and she was about to be oarried to the tomb. The coffin was being screwed down, when Colonel Godfrey thought he saw a tremor in the eyelid. He told the undertaker's men to pause. They did I so. Again the movement took place, and was noted by all, Medical aid was summoned, a vien was opened, and the seemingly dead woman revived to live some tjjrenty-five years thereafter. The risk is not so great in a oold country like Britain, where the dead are kept unburied some little time. But in tropical and semi-tropical climates such as those I have lived in, where on more than one occasion I have wished a man ' good morning ' at 9 A. M., and attended his funeral that same evening at sis, the dangers are infinitely greater. Many of the facts in the following papers are based on the evidence of those who have themselvei narrowly escaped the awful fate. In one case, the family of an unfortunate man who died suddenly had an occasion to exhume the body under special permission from the Home Secetary so as to obtain some deeds which surreptitiously and from motives of revenge on the part of an old butler whose legacy was less than he thought he had a right to expect, bad been slipped into the coffin with the body. To their horror the rel atives found unmistakable proof that the ' last scone of all' had taken place after interment instead of before. These cases I shall lay before the reader, who perhaps may arrive at the conclusion that between being burned alive by cremation aud buried alive by interment there is not much to chose. The facts, however, I now submit are absolutely authentic, and as far as 1 can effect, winnowed from all accretions in the shape of 'added details.' The old mail stood the ordeal of the obsequies well. Nay, as after events showed, he was even more alive to what was going on around him than his friends. When the village car penter, John Carr, and his men came to screw up the coffin about an hour before the ceremony, as they were standing around, Mr. Erskine suddenly said, 'Did you see anything like a quiver in the lips of Mrs. Erakine, John ?' They all denied having been able to trace anything of the kind. But for ten minutes they watched the face carefully. Not a movement was to be detected of any kind whatsoever. The looking-glaas was held over her mouth, but unavailingly. At length, very reluctantly, the order was given to nail up the coffin. It chanced that the village carpenter was also the sexton. When taking the measure ments for tho coffin, he observed the valuable jewels on the person of the dead. On asking if he should remove these and on being told to leave thorn as ihey were, a hideous plan of 'grave violation' began to take shape in his mind. He could not enter into such subtle feolings as those cherished by the old Covenanter. All bis ideas were summed up in the words,' It's a shame to let all that jewellery be lost.' His measures were soon taken. As sexton he could manage tho interment in his own way. Therefore, while the people were nngagod in soothing the anguish of the widowed husband, after the codrn had boon let down into the earth, he threw in the earth very lightly, m ide but a protence of beating it down, saying he would have it to turn up at some other time, when the soil would not be so damp and heavy. The ceromony was over. The good old man relumed to hits house heiivy at lieuit. Ho sat over the liro in his study sadly r<'2 tiling tlio incidents of that all too short married life. As the iiiglii wore on and tho hours flitted by, he sent the 'damsels.' as thedomostios wore usually called, to bed, while ho ' Urried in meditation for a litllo lii:i0"tr season.' The two maids Imd l>w i in bud for some |tiuie, midnight .rid | ust struck, tho tones of tlio clock lingering in silence as though roluctant to die away. Not a Round broke the prevailing stillness. Suddenly through the house there sounded clear and distinct, HO that all could boar, a Beries of knocks on the front door. Tho minister sat spellbound. ' Did I not known sho were dead and buried, I would say that was my dear wife's knock.' he murmured. 1 Yen, truly it must be her spirit-peradveuture her ghost," and so the old man sat where be was, only taking the pre caution in case evil spirits where at work, to commend himself meantime to the protection of Heaven. But again the knock rang through the house, this time with increased emphasis, as though the party seeking admission were growing impatient. Mr Erskine was just about to go to the dojr, Bible in hand, and confront tho spirits, whithersoever they might have come, when ho heard the elder of tho two domestics, Kirsty Brown by name, proceeding down to the passage towards the front door. He heard her ask who was there, but the reply seemed only a feeble groan. At length Kirsty opened the door, and im mediately afterwards uttered a Bhrill skriek, for there standing on tho thres hold was tho form of her mistress clothed in the cerements of the tomb Kirsty fainted away from sheer fright as soon as she saw the figure entering the houso. Mr Erskine hurried- from his sturdy, and advancing to meet the supposed spectre he pronounced the usual form of adjuration and exorcism which all the clergy of that day were expected to know ' In the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Iioly Ghost-One in Three, and Three in One-Amen. I adjure thee to tell me why, O restless spirit, thou has left thine appointed place and hast appeared once more among the haunts of men.' But he only got this length in his appeal, when he was interrupted by a pitiful ory from the supposed ghost ' Oh, Henry, I am no ghost, I am Marion, your wife, and I am dying of cold.1 For an instant the old man could scarcely realise the joy that had come back to bis life. He seemed in doubt until he saw his wife slip past him, and dart towards the fire in his study. Then he recovered himself, and rushad to her assistance. The domestics-for Kirsty was not long in recovering from her shock-brought hot brandy and water, also warm blankets,' and before long prepared a bed for their mistress so miraculously restored to them. Ah soon as had partaken of meat and drink and was surrounded in bed with hot bricks and hot water bottles, vitality gradually returned to every part of her frame, and she was able to relate the following marvellous story: She said she had been conscious all through, even when thoso around her supposed her to be dead. She had tried to attract their attention, and to convey to them the information that she was not yet a corpse. But every faculty seemed paralysed. She could not even move her eyes far less her lips. Her anguish increased as the time drew near for the internment. *lVhen John Carr came to place her in the coffin, and to close it up, she thought she would have died in reality with the horror of thn idea. She tried again and again when she saw her husband was looking at her to move some limb, or even her eye lids, to attract his notice. Once she did succeed in moving her lips very slightly. This Mr Erskine perceived, but as she was unable to repeat it, he thought, of course, that he had been mistaken. Her real saviour was John Carr, the sexton, or rather the cupidity of fohn barr. He made up his mind to steal the jewels from her coffin. Ho,-there fore, put very slight screws into the lid of it, so that he might ba able to open it with ease, and secure the jewellery. In consequence of the lid not being down* a supply of air got in, sufficient to keep her from suffocating. When the coffin was placed in the earth the precautions which Carr took for raising it with ease were again the salvation of Mrs Erskine. He had permitted one of the side planks to remain in the graze, its presence being unporceived in the gathering darkuesss of the afternoon; while any who notod the sexton's eagerness to hurry over the final part of the obsequies, put it down to a kindly desire on his part to save tho old man as much pain as possible. Especially was his thoughtfulnoss commended when ho stated that ho wAuld smooth and trim tho surface of tho grave afterwards, and proceeded to spread tho sod upon it as a signal that all over. Mrs Erskine in her statement (which is still extant) declared that she knew the sexton .intended to rob hor of her jewellory, because in tho room before the funeral, when ho imagined no one was looking ho tried her ririit to see if it would come off easily; while ho also fingered tho bracelets which wore placed in the coffin, to see if they wero real. She, therefore, felt a hope that perhaps she might be able toattact the sexton's attention whon ho came to ' violate _ the reposo of the dead.' Never did mortal look forward to any pleasure with the same eagerness as did Mrs Erskine to being robbod of he jewellery. As S'io states, she lay in hor state of tranco with all tho sense of hearing strained to tho utlorinost. The sweetest music she ever heard was the sound of lliti sexton's shovel, as lie worked down towards the body. At lust sho felt tho collin raised to iho surface, tho lid was prized open, and once more she looked up towards i ho ray raid-eyed 6tar$> Iho lirut prisse the sexton strove1 to secure WILH tho valuable lialcro ring, which Wiis upon tho third fitigor of Mrs Hrskine's right hand. lie pulled ami tugged to get ovor the joint, but without uvail. At lust, as time was passing, ho decided to cut off the finger, He therefore opened his clasp knife, and rosting the finger on the edge of the coflin commenced to hock it off. But no sooner had he cut through the skin and severed lomo of tho viens thus induceing bleeding-than vitality seemed to thrill through her whole system, and sho uttered a piercing cry. John Carr was appalled. He imagined that the deal had assuredly come to life to convict him of his crime, and with a yell of horror he rushed from the scene. Mrs Erskiner staunching the bleeding as best she could, extricated herself from the collia and started to walk homeward. The cold was excessive, and sho was only protected from it by tho thin grave clothes. Fortunately she met no one on the way, and as we have seen was able to obtain aduision into her husband's house. Mrs. Er.skine lived many years thereafter, both Ebenezer and Ralph being born subsequently. In fact she survived her husband for neariy 20 years, and saw both her sons " placed as ministers iu the Church of Scotland. This instance of ' trance interment' is well knewn, and I may be blamed for recording recording an event of which so many seem to be aware. But I record it because it has been told of other people than Mrs Erskine, In St Giles' Church, Cripplegato, London, there used to be a monument which I visited more than onoe, that repre sented a woman named Constance Whitney rising up out of her coffin. The verger's tradition was that sho had been buried alive, but through the cupidity of the sexton in striving to obtain possession of a valuable ring which bad been interred with her, she was restored to life. I had doubts of this story, and was at some pains to get the matter in vestigated. The result of the re searches was that the scene on the monumental tablet in question was not intended to represent a case ' trance interment.' but was a humble sculptor's attempt to portray the Resurrection Day. I am aware the Btory is related of two or three other persons as well as Mrs Erskine. There is nothing intrinsically impossible in the same experience li'i vmgoojurred to different parties, particularly in the days of body- snatching. But such a contin gency is higly improbable. I believo that all the different stories are simply variants of the narrative recorded above. It is established on excellent authority; the othars are based on mere hearsay evidence. I 