OLLA PODRIBA. There is a pretty political tangle in ihe Victorian Assembly at present, and the nominees of the Age and the Trades Hall who have indecently scrambled on to the Treasury benches, seem about as comfortable as bens dancing on a hot griddle. Tbe Age is shrieking hysterically at the prospect of her tools being opposed. The Op position is dignified and strong and coolly considering the advisability of contesting some of the seats. Monday next is nomination day. » Our new special on his last trip un earthed tbe following notes of a recent meeting of the Koondrook Executive Council. He captured the records by a dasbiog flank movement while the Gustos Rotulorum was photographing a dorelict propped up in a wheel barrow. As set out in strange hiero glyphics, Hon. Lobengula occupied tbo cbair. After tbe minutes of previous meeting had been half read they were confirmed off band. Hon Skinny; I wish to ask Mr President, without notice, whether it is a fact that Hun Soda was " plucked" when he went op for his exam. Hou Mariner; Still harpiDg on feathers I Where is the tar? Hon Smiler : Feathers had some thing to do with it anyhow. It was Hon Canary who plucked him. Hon Tubal Cain ; Who the dev — The President - Order 1 order, gentlemen I Hon Tubal Cain : Bighteob ! Hon Narrabri : Where did you get this yarn from ? Hon Mariner : The Kebaug Times. Chorus of Voices : Thought the Kebang Times was. dead ! A voice: Wait till you get a blister ; you will find it rise to the occasion. Hon Blackbird : Wipe yer mug, an' give someone else a show. Hon Royal Prince ; I would like to be informed whether it is a fact that Hun Narrabri has taken the pledge. A voice ; Oh yes ; and several other things. The President : Hon members should not east reflections. Hon Narrabri : I have taken the pledge ; aud I am not ashamed of it either. Hon Lobengula : Did not Paul ad vise Timothy to take a little wine for his stomach's sake 7 Hon Narrabri ; Quite so ; bat my name is not Timothy and my stomach don't ache either. Hon Skinny : Only your head. Hon Soda : Vacaums don't ache. Hon Narrabri : If yours held any thing yoa would not have been " plucked." (Cries of chair .' chair 1) Hon Jumbo Is it true the Hon Blackbird has started a orematorum. Hon Pensioner : What sort of a creamery is that ? Hon Jumbo : A place where they burn dead people. As I was coming to the meeting I picked up a thigh bone and a piece of a skull. There were two or three fires going aud I came to the conclusion there was something in it. A voice : Very like a whale I Hon Royal Prince: I have just re ceived a letter from our old friend Hon Sardine from South Africa. read at next meeting aud the council adjourned for refreshments. On- re suming toe galleries were cleared and hon members went into committee to consider the advisability of presenting a parse of sovereigns to Hon Loben gula who would shortly be leaving the township. # » It is not generally known that in France it is a penal offence to give any form of solid food to babies under a year old, unless it is prescribed in writing by a properly qmlified medical man. Nurses are also forbidden to use for their charges any sort of feed ing bottle having a rubber tube. These and equally other stringant laws have recently been enacted by the French Government ; for, iu despair of in creasing the birth rate of their country, they are now doing their utmost to save the lives of tbe comparatively small number of babies who are bom. a Jjast issue oi sue wimmer owr ie responsible for tbe missionary anec dote — Some time ago there was a big demand for cheap Bibles from China, and one ship took out nearly 100,000 books. The remarkable number of new Christians thus indicated, while it occasioned much thankfulness in mis sionary circles, caused the heads of the Gospel propagation societies to sat on foot inquiries as to the methods em ployed in saving the souls of such an unusual number of Celestials, and the uses to which they put the Bibles sent to them. The lesnlt of these in quiries was very amusing. Tbe Chinese are large manufacturers of fireworks, especially Ihe cracker variety. The poor Chinaman works at home for aeon tractor, who provides him with a certain quantity of potrder, and leaves him to find the paper foe wrappers. Now paper is not a obeap commodity in China, but when John Chinaman found that Bibles were to be had for the asking, be took all he coultL get, and his conscience didn't eafferw-pang as to their disposal for cracker wrap pers. " While I am writing this the Easter bells are tingling in my ears the nineteeqth-centqry-old lie : The Saviour lias arisen qineteeq centuries ago, the Saviour whose gospel was to bring peape oq earth and good will to mankind — nineteen centuries ago. I think of tbe ten millions of armed men in Europe who have been tanght scientific and lawful murdering, and wjio are ready at the command of any idiot in power to murder scigptifirally and lawfully one another and to change into a red sea qf blood the wheat- ' grown plains of Europe. And not only scientifically and l»wfql|y to murder, bat Ohristianly too. The same belli that are now tingling in my ears will when tbe opportunity offers itself, aolemn'y ring to honor and to strengthen the scientific and lawful murderers, and tbe mouth of theprieEt will tell them all — friend aud foe — that Christ, the Saviour, is with them, that peace on earth aud goodwill to man kind means dum dum bullet?, lyddite bomb3 end bayonets, and that the God of Christianity and Christian charity imposes murder as a Christian duty."— Hebe Liebsecht. me great inventions now used to enslave the masses bespeak the open ing of a new and grand era of pro gress. Motors of every desirable form, for every conceivable use, will soon be at tbe command of man, and human drudgery will pass away. The social chaos of (o-day is the'uurest bafie birth, and when the whole people see the advantage of universal co opera tion the hell of misery which com prises existence now will be wiped ou». Men are haunted by two ghos's — pov erty in thi3 world and hell in the next. Justice in industry and truth in re- ligiou would send both ghosts back to their graves. Robbery, by class legis lation and the cunning brain of meney- gamblors, has been established so long and completely that mauy have oouie to regard it as the natural and in evitable condition of man, and they despair of ever seeing it ended. It seems to them tbat the triumph -of the money power was never bo absolute an d immovable as it is today, and that tbo enslavement of tbe toiler waa never so complete. And so it appears on the surface. In tbe great undercurrent of human destiny, it looks wholly dif ferent. There the foundations of the competitive system are seen to be rotting and crumbling away and its keystone dislodged. — Rev. E. M. W heelock. =t « Bursting iu from school or p'ay, This is what ihe children eay ; Trooping, crowdiog, big and email, On tbe threshold, in the lial, Joining io the constant cry, Ever as the days go by — " Where's mother V From the weary bed of pain The same question comes again ; From the boy with sparkling eyes, Bearing home his earliest prize ; From the bronzed and bearded sou, Perils past and honors won — " Where'e mother 7" Mother, with nntiring bmdv, At the post of duty stands, Patient, seeking not her own, Anxious for tbe good alone Of tbe children aa they cry, Ever as the days go by — " Where's mother ?' 