[?] Molong Btoyola Clabrefbrmsd ! .. Molong and Boome; cricketers meet at Molong on Satardar, 10th March. Comaock Show privileges realised m 58. Hear hear I Mr. A. O. Beveridge, one time of Molong, bas left Forbes for Manly. Biovcle Snorts will be hnln kK Molong on 21th May. Ball at night. Popnlation of Milltborpe district— 2088 Europeans and 8 aliens. Mr. John Monro, Catombal, invites tenders for the erection of wire fencing. In Melbourne there are no less than three people nnder sentence of death. As tar as practicable, single judges will operate at Cumnock Sbov. Poet Harry Lawson proceeds to London shortly. Xioeal Land Board sits at Cumnock on 18th March, and at Molong on 16th March. Mr. E. W. Kerr, the new secretary of the local Bicycle Clnb, is a thor ough enthusiast in cycling. ?' Wally ' is bent on making things ham. The wife of Lieutenant - Colonel Onslow has the finest diamonds in Australia. Tenders for conveyance of mails between Gnmble and Merahburn olose on 'Wednesday, 7th instant. ' Portion 62, county Ashburnham, pariah Mtuga 71 acres, will be open to Conditional Purchase on 22od March. Private Owens, of Molong Mounted Bifles, now at the front, is said to have a Boer bnllet pat through his helmet, wbile another severed his belt. A (dose shave I Tbe lock of the old flintlock pistol of ' Bold Jack Donohoo,' tha notori ous bushranger, has just been found in Sydney. Annie Besant, the Theosophical priestess, returns to Australia on a lecturing tour shortly. Although a woman she wars against war. There is a melancholy possibility -thai tbe plague in Sydney may eclipre excitement over the war. \V e live in stirring times. A pest — resembling a house or wood bogi in color and odor — is troubling orchardists and others. Tbe insects are fairly swarming in places. It is remarkable how many Bo man Orthotic clergymen in Australia bave brothers or cousins who are British officers in South Afrioa. The last of the people directly con nected with the ' Fisher's Ghost ' trsgodv — and oomedy— of Campbell town, has jost beoome a ghost him self. 13/6 will bay ytHTl Short Wind Superior Witch, and 17/S will bay yoa a Windsor Lever Wateh at E. BLiCKADDEK'S, the Jeweller. There will be a vacancy shortly in a Southern constituency through re signation. Sir Joseph Abbott beat ex-Speaker Arnold's record of 9 years i months and 1 day in the Legislative chair on Friday last. Tbe Govt. Board of Export's prizes at the Sydney Show are butter £50, poultry £15, wheat £15, canned fruit £15, pulp froit £15, jams jellies and marmalade £10, -tc. Charles White's (Batburst Fkee Pacas) book of Bushranging History is jost published in its new form. It is well illustrated, but a curious mis statement is allowed to remain in tbe very first paragraph to tbe effect that there are no records of the early bushrangers. There aro ample records. Lieutenant Ryrie, who sailed with tbo Bushmen, is a great grandson of the Commissariat-General Ryrie whom Sir Thomas Picton threatened to hang. It is a coincidence tbat Picton tbe township was named after Sir Thomas, and tbe most popular soldier' of Picton district, Captain Larkin, bas joit been shoved aside for yonng Byria. One of Sydney's charities is an inttitation whioh shelters some thirty highly-born, bat out ol work— and elbows — yonng Englishmen. Most of the inmates previously tenanted the Domain, but seldom have any other topic of conversation than ' the vulgarity and orndeness of colonials.' Biohard Sleath, M.P., has gone to the Sonth African front on his own. He will see fight — through a powerful teleeoope. Once on the floor of the House be declared that should an enemy threaten Sydney be wonld htnwuilf behind the Bine Moon***'- Ah I these political braves, and there «« many of them. Sydney is stand over the renewed oatbnak of the abominable plague. It has been traoed to the West Sydney wfaanea, ths oldest portion of the city aad aa ideal breeding place for dis ease. This section of Sydney may Hn GmeOf of the historic Dean, Ojiak. Meagher. Green and another ^a ^StoSy. Dan was charged vUhwe^rtat to defeat the snds ol Bftbaittrfti*,' So* be BOM forto S^tTSiki to ophcSd British Wellington John Bftppia has a 8Bpicabtiadanoeo(m«nt«l^^;pfay sui mmr. Jd tbs pMl iB libond freely btti cawe ci oo^MMoinsboaf hmm, for 3». imili«11i«ll*-iii fi' lumtfiln; and for a OM^ ssbMM flf Anstralian unity. iSatflga 'IcK 'tbs'.. people an asm aw issSiSs? focbltniracl ? , 1 ,, f * «« *V» 