The Advertiser THURSDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1900. CENTRAL AUSTRALIAN EX- PLORATION. It scarcely needs a scientific mind to appreciate the value of the task which Mr. Gillen, one of the inspectors of aborigines, and Professor Baldwin Spencer, of the Melbourne University, are about to renew, and possibly com- plete, of investigating the manners and customs of the aborigines of Central Australia. The mystery their labors will contribute to unveil may well cap- tivate the fancy of the most unlearned "man in the street." It is sometimes said that the savage of the Australian bush approximates closer than his Afri- can brother to our anthropoid ances- tors. However this may be, it is—as the leading English scientists at whose request the two explorers have been granted leave of absence from their duties, declared in their recent memo- rial—to the Australian bush more than to any other field of research that anthropologists are looking "for the solution of certain problems of great moment in the early history of society and religion." There are few portions of the continent where the natives can now be studied in their primitive con- dition. In Tasmania they were extin- guished before science began to think of examining their manners and cus- toms. The fear is that a similar fate may overtake the tribes still extant, and hence there is anxiety among anthropologists to place on record a trustworthy account of such as remain. The central portion of this colony is a tempting field for research. It is a stronghold of barbarism. It was visited some three years ago by Messrs. Gillen and Baldwin Spencer, who convinced themselves that the tribes inhabiting it are in the state in which they were probably thousands of years ago—that they afford no evidence of degeneracy on the one side, nor of any "strong up- ward movement" on the other. So gratified were scientific circles at home by the light thrown upon the sub- ject as the result of the earlier re- searches of the two gentlemen that the request was made that facilities should be afforded by the Australian Govern- ments for continuing the work. Leave of absence for twelve months was granted to the two explorers, who will start on their second expedition early next year, Mr. David Syme, of Mel- bourne, having offered to defray the ex- penses of the equipment. The tribes of the MacDonnell Ranges will be studied even more minutely than before, and afterwards the explorers will up to- wards the Gulf of Carpentaria, along the Roper River, and, time permitting, proceed down the Daly and Victoria Rivers. The familiarity of Mr. Gillen with the natives, whose friendship he has won, will facilitate an undertaking which necessarily must be one of great difficulty. The tribes who inhabit the region, like those of the rest of the continent, are destitute of any written or symbolic history. There are no relics to be discovered which may throw light on the past, or assist in the Interpreta- tion of existing laws or customs. If the natives ever knew a higher civilisation —which is more than doubtful—the traces of it are obliterated. There are no buried cities, as in the interior of Africa, There is no trace of inscrip- tion, and the weapons, like the rites, are of the most archaic description known to man. A favorite theory is that Australia was anciently a part of the Asiatic mainland, and Mr. Alfred Russel Wallace has suggested that the islands of St. Paul and Amsterdam, lying between Australia and the Cape, furnish evidence of a bygone land con- nection between our continent and Africa. Only to-day in our American letter fossiliferous discoveries, which at the instance of the Princeton Univer- sity have been made in Patagonia, are stated to have established the proba- bility in prehistoric times of our inti- mate relationship with yet another con- tinent, that of America. However this may be, a hoary antiquity extend- ing back, as Mr. Lang believes, to myriads of years ago, is indicated by the rites and practices of the Austra- lian savage. The Stone Age is a thing of the remotest past in Europe, but the weapons found among the extinct Tas- manians were actually palaeolithic! The first impression one acquires from an acquaintance with researches like those, which Messrs. Gillen and Baldwin Spencer are about to resume is almost like that which a child derives from his earliest familiarity with the wonders of fairy- land. Here, within touch of civilisation, we find a popula- tion of aborigines inhabiting a world such as we might fancy to have been inhabited by primitive man himself. We can discover almost none of the modifications upon simple savagery which gradually showed themselves as, with painful struggles, protracted over myriads of years, our forefathers drew towards the light. Spoken language is still so defective that it has to be helped out by gesture language. Some half forgotten deity or "first Maker of things'' is the recipient of a languid worship, for the Australian savage seems scarcely to have the energy for a positive belief in any First Cause. The savage has no idols, but he passes his life in fear of spirits—a fear which confirms in the minds of many anthro- pologists the belief that religion had its origin in ghost worship. The occasional raid upon a village in search of lubras does not suffice to convince Messrs. Gillen and Spencer that family life among the Australian blacks sprang from marriage by capture, as it is said to have done in Europe. But there are practices which suggest an origin iden- tical with that of a curious custom among some of the North American aborigines, of treating the husband as an invalid when a child is born. The custom is explained by the belief that the child inherits all its bodily and mental attributes from the male parent, and that it is incumbent to study the health of the father rather than that of the mother. Many of the customs and rites in vogue in the in- terior, however, are, even with the tribes themselves, unmeaning, but there is a possibility that they may be interpreted in the light of the practices of aboriginal races in a more advanced stage of development in other parts of the earth. Complex as are many of the details connected with their system of life, custom is tenacious of them, and the extreme conservatism of the blacks gives hope that from the study of their habits and beliefs the most valuable conclusions may be drawn concerning some of the tendencies which have shaped the course of human development. The breath of the white man has scorched out of existence so many aboriginal races and tribes that civilisation may be thankful that there are still untutored savages left to throw light on its own begin- nings. 