A RUSE IN THE NIGHT The whole trouble lay in the fact that Andrew Jackson groaned and mosned and fought in his sleep. He was a decent enough below in a way, considering he had a hide i»uefe (iff i rhinocerous and a wit about as'keen as tho ouge of a pavement He wte'tt good lusher though, and because of that the rest of the fellows bore with him during the daytime, but shunned him at night-. When Ja:k Archer married he resigned his membership of the fishing club, but in vited the others to come and stay for a week at his house in September, for the • sake of old times.'. Archer had taken a house near I cch Haven, and the other five 1 members of ’.he /dub looked forward to the visit with great expectations. At the last minute Andrew Jackson telegraphed that he could not come, and Archer, when he mot the others at tho train, said: "I say, you fellows, I'm awfully sorry old Jackson hasn't turned up; but it s lucky for you ail the same, for I’vo a couple of nephews, young rascals they are, staying with me, and that lakes up a bed- If Jackson had come one of you would have required to sleep with him, whilst- the other three would have slept in an immense four-poster. But I pity tho man that had to sloop with old Jackson.” The others heaved ft sigh of relief that showed their acquiescence in Archer’s statement, and young Fred Taylor said: "It's on escape to be thunkful for, un doubtedly.” The evening passed off with great pleas antness, until just at 6 o'clock the door bell rang, and the maid ushered in Andrew Jackson. “My dear chap,” ho cried, in his muff, jovial manner to Archer, "I managed to get clear after -all, and here I am—all alive and kicking.'' An involuntary shudder crept; over the ' club at the last'word—surely on evil por tent for someone—and a depressing silence fell upon them, so. much so that Andrew, in his bluff, good-humored way again, com pared them all to "sea-sick owls.” “Gad, ono would think you were in danger of your lives,” he added. “It's worse than that, Andrew,” said Hughes sadly. "What in tho world’s wrong?” exclaimed Andrew anxiously. "One of us has got to sleep with you,” replied Hughes, “I’m sorry, Andrew,” said Archer; “but it’s tho case- I’m a bed short, and "Huts, man,-what matters it ?” cried Andrew Jackson. “We’ve roughed it to gether many a time, Mrs. Archer,” he added, by way of a compliment, “and sac will wo yet. A bed short, are you? Well, the more the merrier, ye ken, and Til sleep with Fred Taylor here.” “Heaven forbid!” said Fred furiously. Taylor was ■'lie youngest of the lot, ft fel low of twenty-seven or so, quiet to the verge of shyness and, according to An drew, “almost a gomeril.” His fervent exclamation drew a -chorus of laughter from the others, and Mrs. Archer, thinking it a joke, asked the cause. “Well, Mrs. Archer,” said Andrew Jack son, “these chaps make a pretence of be lieving that I’m a bad one to sleep with. I assure you, ma’am, that it’s all pretence, for I’m tho soundest sleeper in tho world. Now, Fred, own up that that’s so.” Fred hesitated a little, thou Mrs. Archer said quickly: “Jack,wo might make some other arrang ment. Wo might take the servants’ rooms, and ” "Please, Mrs. Archer, don’t trouble, ’ interrupted Fred anxiously. “As Andrew says, it's all—it’s all a joke about Imn being bad 'o sleep with. Well get on splendidly, I assure you." “Oh, I’m so glad to hear that, Mr. Tay lor, for I want to make your visit an en joyable one.” “Of course it will be, ma'am,” said An drew Jackson. “You and Jack look so com fortable that we’ll be having this gomeril Taylor hero wanting to get married right away,” and proceeding in this wise Andrew launched joke after joke, in his own bluff, good-humored way, at Taylor, until that youth was consumed with anger. Bedtime came on apace, and after Mrs. Archer had gene, Taylor tried to gefsome of the others to take his place, but they shudderingly refused. “It’s dashed hard lines on you, old man,” they said, sympathetically. “I wouldn’t be ui your slices —or in your blan kets, rather —for a pound a night. I wish I could help you, but I can’t," “You can, though,” said Taylor. “Take my place.” “I don't want to die of sleeplessness,” they Answered. “No, Fred, the lot has fallen upon you, and you must bear your cross.” “I’ll kill Andrew Jackson,” said Taylor viciously. “We won’t object,' they answered, “for wo’ve all suffered before.” “What are you follows whispering about there?” asked Andrew from tho other side of the room. “We’re discussing the best plan of mur dering you,” replied Fred Taylor calmly. “Man, you're not fit to live—with." “At your jokes again, Fred?” replied Andrew. “Come, the bottle’s empty, let’s adjourn to bed. Como on, Fred.” Having bid the rest of tho club an ela borate and tearful farewell, Fred went up to the bedroom and got to bed. Not five minutes elapsed before Andrew Jackson was asleep, and Fred’s penance had com menced. Andrew was not what one would call an imaginative man when awake—there were few people more commonplace ; but once asleep, he appeared to make up for it bj allowing his imagination free play. Good ness only knows where his mind travelled when asleep,, or what he dreamt he was doing. At one moment one would have thought he was engaged in a life and death struggle, so madly did lie kick and fight, so terrible were his groans and gasping grunts. At another he appeared to think he was boxing, for his arms went swinging to and fro like flails, and cries of pain rang from his lips. Never for a moment were his limbs still, and always from his wide opened mouth *caino weird sounds. And yet Fret! noticed that tho brute always managed to keep the blankets about him, indeed far more than his fair share of them. , Fred tried to get to sleep, but 'twas all in vain. Just when tho drowsy god was near him, Andrew would hit out with his fist or foot, and bring him from the land of sleep with a painful start. After two hours of this torment, Fred grew furious, and thinking that such a sleeper would not know the difference between the bed and the floor, he contrived, with much exertion and many prwaulions, to spill Andrew out of tho bed. Then, with a triumphant smile Fred settled himself down to sFen. But. the floor did not suit Andrew, and in a few minutes he was Wake, and bit tcrlr reproaching Fred for his behavior., “Ye blame me for being noisy in mv /cep,” he said. “But what of yourself? ,Vi’ all your kicking and plunging ye’ve rouped me clean out of bed. If this goes on, I’ll have to tie ye hand and foot, my young josser. Here, you come to the front of the bed.” Quite meekly Fred obeyed ; but in his heart a furious resentment was arising. He gave up all thought of sleep, for it was quite impossible, and contented himself with warding off Andrew’s chance kicks land blows as well as he could. Through the weary hours ho waited, thinking and planning, until the down broke—until the hour for arising /mmc. Then, weary, and heavy-eyed, he rose and dressed. The others looked at him with sad com miseration ; but Mrs. Acher-being present, they said nothing, lest she might insist in the roakinr of new arrangements for beds. Fred’s spirits revived as the dav went on, and a good take of fish made him feel less murderous, hut still he kept thinking and planning. That. p : Vf V away early to her>. and for Vlf m hour was busr with some articles hu bid borrowed from Jack Archer. These consisted of a bicycle ehouter—one of those horns, yen know, which are sounded bv nrcfVtufr f. nihh-r ball—and a length of th-vv rubber fnbh M ,. He fastened the tubing between the ball and the horn, and fixed the latter un just at where An drew .T v jf con’s head would be, but p.> hi' s it that it would never be noticed. Tho h‘b»>g be led behind the pillows, un ,; i it terminated in the ball, where he cniiJTl easily grasp it when lying in bed. rofii-pd to bed. and in a few minuto* tV wild commotion commenced. Immediately it started Fred pressed the ball, and a wild howl sounded right in Andrew’s ears, awakening him from his ‘ slumbers with a start. ‘•What was that?” he flaked excitedly; lut Fred did not answer, and m a little had fallen asleep, while Andrew lay awake* A halMiour’s slumber for Fred, then a sudden awakening. Andrew aiso was asleep end kicking. Again did Fred sound the horn, and again did Andrew awake and lie listening for a while, while Fred dropped olf to sloop, being awak ened, however, twenty minutes after* wards, by Andrew’s cries and kicks. In this fashion passed the night—with periodical half-hours of sleep and wukeful ress, and Fred rose m the morning a little less tired than he had lata down Still it was not altogether a sucoajc, and Fred was still busy thinking. Andrew Jackson came down to break fast late that morning, and complained dreadfully of the sleepless night he had passed,„ "Your house is full of the strangest noises, Jade,” he grumbled. “Tuts, man,” said Archer, "you’ve awakened yourself with your own snores, and that’s all.” “Nothing of the kind,” cried Andrew Jackson indignantly. “You would think the house was haunted, to judge by the sounds at night.” “That’s so," said Fred Taylor, winking at, Jack. “I heard the sounds last night, I too, and, by George! a got mortal mght i oiled. They said the house used to bo I haunted, didn’t they, Jack?” ho added, winking still more vigorously at the latter. “Oh, there was some word of that, re plied jock Archer hesitatingly, and adding, a«. be began to perceive Jack’s hint, “but 1 never troubled myself, about it—and, what ever rcjiorts you hour, gentlemen, you won't mention this to my wife. “Of course not, ' said Fred. “The boat man told me yesterday that it was haunted by the ghost of a woman who had murdered her husband.” “Ay, that’s it,” said Jack, trying to keep his amusement hidden, as he saw Andrew Jackson eagerly listening. “But I don’t believe in ghosts, you know, and neither do you, Andrew.” “I’m no’ so sure of that,” replied An drew Jackson solemnly. “I’ve seen things myself that have brought me to near be lieving in them.” “That was when you wore drunk,” ob served Hughes calmly. “Iso' a bit," replied Andrew indignantly; “and what’s more my mother used to see a ghost regularly,” “That would bo when sho looked at you, put in Hughes, “They say this woman does nothing but weep and raise her hands as if still griev ing over the body of her husband,” said Fred in an awed voice. “Ay, that’s it,” replied Jack, responding to another wink. ( "Is that so?” asked Andrew, rather ner vously, and then Mrs. Archer coming in the subject dropped. When breakfast was over Archer took Fred away with him into the garden. “Now, you young blackguard," he said, “what trick is this you’re trying to work on Andrew Jackson?” For fully fiivo minutes Fred spoke quick ly do him, interrupted only by his host’s bursts of laughter When he had finished, Archer, still shaking, said: “Oh, it would be. neat, blessed neat, if only it came off, Fred. Ho you flunk you can manage it?" “If you’ll lot me turn things about a little in the bedroom, I think I could do it,” said Fred. “If it was any Body else I wouldn’t do it; but Andrew Jackson de serves it for his vile habit of sleeping as ho does.” “Well, you can do os you like in the bedroom,” said Archer. “Thanks, old man. I’ll just hurry away down to the post office and send a wire to Glasgow for the things. You'll take An drew Jackson away with you to-day, and I’ll stay home and work —work for my little revenge.” All that day Fred was busy ; but. under pretence of a bad headache, stayed in his bedroom. When evening in he came, down and joined the others, and after Mrs. Archer had retired ho began to talk of ghosts. He had discovered Andrew Jackson’s weak point, raid now worked it for all it was worth. As has been said, Andrew was not imaginative generally; but exceptions prove the rule, and super stition was Andrew's failing. His mother had been Celtic, and Andrew had heard from her lips enough stories of second sight and unearthly beings appearing to mortals to make him credulous. For two hours the talk continued, ghost story after ghost story, until after mid night, when Archie rose to his feet. “You’ve made me feel quite nervous, Andrew,” ho said, “with your infernal yarns. Gad, I hope that ghost woman doesn’t appear to me tonight. Oh, bless my heart, there's no fear of that, for it's in your room, Andrew—yours and Fred’s —that she is said to walk. Ft’s in that room she murdered her husband, you know,” "What an infernal pleasant bit of in formation to give a fellow,” growled An drew Jackson, as he wont upstairs. “You’d better have kept it to yourself.” Fred was in bed when Andrew got to the bedroom, and was lying at the back of it, nor would he shift in spite of An drew's demands. “No, I’m going to lie where I am,” he said decidedly, and Andrew gave in weakly. In naif an hour the house was hushed in silence —silence with the exception of An drew’s beastlike noises ; then in Andrew's ear came a fiendish cry. He started up, his mind filled with the ghostly talk of the night, and stared around him. What was that? „ The hair seemed to rise on. his head as, paralysed with terror, he gazed on the sight. On the other side of the room ap peared a thin veil of light, which, gradu ally strengthening, at length showed the clear form of a woman. With glaring eyes, Andrew Jackson watched her; then, horror upon horror, ho saw her raise her hands slowly up and down as if in grief. At her feet lay the murdered man, over whom she mourned. Then the vision almost vanished—almost, but not quite—and Andrew’s eyes wore still riveted on it. At length he felt with his hand for Fred, ana, catching him by the arm, shook him nervously. “What the blazes is it?” growled Fred. “Hush, hush,” whispered Andrew. “For Heaven’s sake, Fred, look 1 there,” and with, a trembling hand he pointed to the vision. "Where?”'asked Fred. “Thore, there, man,'* whispered Andrew Jackson. “Don’t you see her, the ghost of the woman who murdered her. hus band?” “No, I’m blest if I do,” said Fred ,with a growl. “You shouldn’t have taken so much whisky, Andrew.” “For goodness sake, Fred, look again, and tell me if you don ? t see her,”, said Andrew, and Fred obeyed hini, “No, Andrew, I can't see anything," he answered, and this was quite true, for he had his eyes shut. “It’s the second sight,” murmured An drew Jackson in an awed whisper—“it's the second sight.” “Lie down, man, and go to sleep,” said Fred; and after a little Andrew lay down, with his face turned away from the sighr. There was some fatal fascination about it, however, for alter a few minutes ho felt forced to look at it again. Even as he looked the vision grew clearer, and he saw once again the woman raise her hands in the same wailing motion. The light grew dim again, then died out altogether, leaving Andrew a prey u> ghostly terrors. How he envied Fred lying peacefully by his side, sleeping like an infant! For himself there was' no sleep ; only at down did he recover his nerve, ana snatch an hour’s slumber ere the breakfast gong sounded. The others rallied him upon his low spirits, and asked him what was wrong, but Andrew only grunted in reply. At first ho had meant to tell them the story ; but somehow the daylight had brought pru dence with it, and he had realised that they would only laugh at him. All that day ho made vigorous efforts to induce the others to make a change in the sleeping arrangements, but-they r.eld firm to the original plan. “You chose to sleep with, Fred you self, Andrew Jackson,” they replied. “You’ve made you bed/and you can lie on it,” . “Oh, come now, you chaps, do bo oblig ing,” Andrew said, with a forced grin. '“What do you want to change for?” they asked. N “Oh, Fred’s such a beastly kicker?” An drew answered. \ "Ib he worse than joaT ’’. ~ times.” ' < v ,'. . ‘"Then you’re well mated," was the un feeling reply, for none but Fred and Archer knew of Andrew Jackson’s midnight visi tor. As tho afternoon wore on Andrew grow restless, and at last wont out suddenly for a walk. Presently he relumed jvith a hur ried air. •’By George ! Archer, it’s a frightful nui sance. I've just met the telegraph boy down the road with a wire for me. Ivc got to go back to town with the first tram. Most important arrangement coming off. Awfully sorry.” .. . , “Can’t you stay, old man?’ said Ardmr “Can’t possibly, Jack ; must go,” replied Andrew Jackson, and throwing his things into a bag ho started off for the station, after saying a hurried good-bye. That night Fred had the bedroom to himself, and slept a glorious sleep, and in the morning he opened a cupboard in the wall at the head of the bed, and took out the little toy cinematograph, such os you could purchase in a shop for a guinea or so. Some months before he had purchased it for his own amusement, and with it a small series of pictures depicting a famous act ress in scenes from a play in whi/ih she is mourning over the body of her husband. That was the germ of the idea, which Fred Imd worked up into a successful plot. The lantern he had connected ,to the -ga»-pipe (which ran through the wall at this point) by a long rubber tube. On tbo tube was a’clip, and this, when closed, allowed only a very little gas to and light up tho [ lantern. When the*clip was pressed, how- I over, the full blaze was strong enough to illumine the picture and cast Its reflection on the opposite-wall. And for proof of this tale. If you care to look through Jack Archer’s villa you will find there a toy cinematograph ; but you will not find a series of pictures of “a woman wailing over the body of her hus band.” for Fred burned that next day, and the secret of Andrew Jackson’s hurried flight is locked securely in the hearts, of Fred and Archer, never to bo disclosed, “He would kill you if ho knew*,” said Archer. “By George ! he nearly killed me as it was,” retorted Fred. “But since I’ve won the victory. Til be merciful, and hone shall know, of Andrew’s second sight.” 