ST ROYAL BLEND. WHEN Lieutenant Dowling arrived borne at Sydney from South Africa, be soon got into harness again. Be has been appointed acting-adjutant of the Australian Horse, with pay at the rate of 5s. per day, vice Captain Byrie, who has gone to the front, AN official return issued by Mr. Coghlan, the New South Wales Government Statistician, Bhows that the reduction in the number of sheep in that colony during last year was over 5,000,000. The actual loss from the drought iB given at 3,750,000. A LIST computed from official docu ments of casualties among the New South Wales troops shows that nine men have been killed in action, 19 died from disease and other causes, 45 have been wounded, and 25 cap tured or are missing, making a total of 98. AN interesting fact in connection with Colonel B. Mahon, the hero of the Mafe king relief, is that be is a nephew of Mr. D. T. Seymour, who was formerly Commissioner of Police in Brisbane. AT a well attended public meeting beld at Casino, N.S.W., it was decided to establish a large lamp in the centre of the town as a permanent memorial of the defence ! of Mafeking, Ladysmith, and Kimberley, and . sum of £250 was subscribed in the room for the purpose. IN order to celebrate Mr. Seddon's completion of seven years' office as Premier of New Zealand, he was recently presented by admirers of all shades of political opinion with a full length oil painting of himself. A notable feature in this is that Mr. Seddon's record is ; unparalleled in any other self-governing colony. OF 161 passengers who were landed in Sydney on May 20th from the German mail steamer Karlsruhe, the passenger list showed 122 to be foreigners. The majority of these were Germans, cigar-makers by profession, ?nder engagement to a local firm of tobacco merchants. The remainder were miners of Italian and Austrian extraction. GYM PIE has juet lost one of its oldest residents in the person of Mrs. Elizabeth Brad ford, who died at the age of 80 years. Mrs. Bradford came to Queensland in 1864, in the abip Catherine, and previous to coming to Gympie in 1868 she had resided in Brisbane, Toowoomba, and Jondaryan. The deceased lady reared a large family, six of whom are living in Gympie, and there are also 49 grand children. THERE is not much prospect of New Zealand having an opportunity to enthuse over Sir George White, of Ladysmith renown. The Acting Premier of that colony received the following cable from the heroic officer " I am very grateful for the flattering invita tion received to visit New Zealand, but I am ordered for Gibraltar on the 1st July." ONE of the plague incidents at Mel bourne was that four cases were reported as having occurred at Kensington, the patients being members of the family of a Swedish laborer named Michael Larsen. Three of the children had the disease in an acute form, but one was regarded as convalescent. She was treated by her mother for cold, and attended school for several days during her illness. This naturally caused some uneasiness. A GENTLEMAN who was nicely taken down was Mr. W. A. Holman, M.L.A. for the Grenfell electorate of New South Wales. He was speaking at West Wyalong to about 600 persons. He maintained that the present war in South Africa was an unjust one. At the conclusion of his speech a resolution waB carried, by a majority of five to one, to the effect that Mr. Holman was disloyal, and unfit to represent that portion of the electorate. If all the electorates rive effect to feelings shown at various political meetings held during the war, there will be some clean sweeping in the various Assemblies at the next generul elec tions. WRITING about the embarkation of the horses of the Imperial Bushmen at Bris bane, the correspondent of the Ipswich Times says :-These mad, stampeding chargers on their way to the field where their necks are to be " clothed with thunder," looked rather a sorry crowd of nags as they jogged through the streets. But the poor things had been fastened, head-and-heels, in the slushy " lines" all night, with the relentless rain pouring on their unsheltered backs. It certainly looked as if they had not the ghost of a stampede left in them. Some, indeed, looked more as if tbey were in search of a soft spot to fall on. The weather had taken it out of them properly. LIKE in other parts of the West nowadays the horses at Winton have a bad time of it, not only from the effects of the drought, but from practical jokes at the hands of the light-headed portion of the community. The Herald says All working horses about Winton have had to be fed for months past, but some poor brutes are occasionally left to take their chance, and liang about wherever there is horsefeed. During the week one of these walking skeletons was much in evidence in town. He could just carry his carcase, and round his neck waB hung a placard bearing in large letters this pathetic inscription: " Please give this poor animal a feed." IN connection with another para graph in which it is mentioned that a Queens lander named Strong was shot through the body, but was recovering, it seems lie was one of the party which returned home invalided. He was in the action at Paardeberg, and while fct a distance of about 500 yards from the enemy his leg involuntarily flew up and almost struck him in the face. He made sure he had been struck in the heel, but after going about 100 yards he began to feel a burning thirst, and was very faint. H!B mate stoppea to give him a drink, and it was then discovered that he had been shot through the back, so close to the spine that the shock of the bullet caused the nerveB to work his leg up in the way described. The bullet passed through his liver and stomach, and came out below the fifth rib. For four weeks Strong lived' on a glass of port wine and one biscuit a day. He was, however, able to take a walk in Melbourne on the arrivalof the Moravian. THE drought is still prevailing as bad as ever in some parts of New South Wales. The Parliamentary party, who have been touring the western districts of the colony, re turned to Bourke a few days ago. They gave a deplorable account of the condition of the country. Some station sheep are being fed on trees cut down, and ruin stares the settlers in the face in many directions. SAYS an English paper dated April 7thAt a time when all the Australian colo nies are freely depleting their small popula tions of their able-bodied men for the service of the motherland in South Africa, it may be interesting to know that the Government of one of these antipodean provinces-that of Queensland-still carries on the system of State-aided emigration from this country, and only on Saturday last despatched 440 British emigrants by the steamship Jumna of the Queensland royal mail line. Of the total num ber sailing no less than 180 were Bingle women, principally young domestic servants of excel lent character, the remainder being made up of married and single farming men-laborers and working farmers' sons of a capital type. IN the Ipswich district there has been a strike among the men employed in a coal mine known as the " New Chum," and after lasting for some time it terminated some where about Mafeking day, which gave the papers an opportunity to announce " The New Chum Relieved." The men, it appeared, wanted an advance of 3s. per ton, but it was refused. About the time stated the advance was granted, and a correspondent says: " Whether this decision has been come to in honor of the relief of Mafeking I do not know; but, at any rate, it will be a relief to the men who have been idle for nearly 11 weeks, and is a fitting termination of the struggle of the men to have the same privileges as those available at the neighboring collieries." THE new patent branding process, in which chemicals are used instead of fire, appears to be growing in favor. In the Wynd ham district it has been used on the Edendale Estate with satisfactory results. A local paper, in noting this fact, says :-The chemical may be applied with an ordinary brand or, preferably, with a wooden brand. Not too much of the substance should be used, so that the hide will not be affected, but only the hair removed. It costs about ISs. to brand 100 head of cattle, but the saving in having good sound hides for sale makes that expense a bagatelle. It is expeditious in use compared with hot-iron branding, and we have heard of dehorning, spaying, and branding having been performed as a continuous operation. Prac tical men assure us that the brand is likely to be generally adopted. ONE of the leading London journals recently said:-Notwithstanding the foolish and spiteful ravings of the gutter Press of the Continent, information from several private sources leads us to believe that foreigners have been profoundly impressed by the events of the war. An Austrian gentleman, who has been engaged in business for several years in London, was asked bv a friend what be thought of the behaviour of the British people and the British troops. " I will tell you what I think of the British nation," was the reply. " I have been so impressed by the nobility of the people and the bravery of their soldiers that I have applied to be naturalised. My solicitor has sent in my application, and in a few weeks I shall be a full-blown British citizen." THE advent of the Australians into Boerland will probably teach those stolid individuals living there a thing or two which they will find very useful. It is quite on the cards that " damper" will be as well known among the Boers in time as it is among the Australians, this being one result of the visit. As a correspondent at the seat of war says : The Australian prisoners fairly fetched the Boers by making dampers and boiling billy tea. They had never seen the like before, ana it took them fair and square in the right place. Boer bread is not a patch upon "damper," and when the war is over the Transvaalers will have a new fashion in their cuiBine. Billy tea and damper just appeal to them-there is something in Australians after all besides a desire to assist in putttng a damper on Boer aspirations. DOWN at Adelaide during the re joicing over the relief of Mafeking, patriotism ran at fever beat, and one store which kept open instead of observing the holiday in honor of the great event, suffered badly at the hands of the indignant crowd, a regular bombard ment with stones having set in. The establish ment next morning looked as if it had been situated in an exposed part of Ladysmith. The footpath and street for some distance were sprinkled with glass, and there was not a single whole pane of glass left in the front of the three-story premises, the damage being estimated at £200. The Commissioner of Police stated that his force is undermanned, and nearly all the damage was done before he arrived on the scene. A boy caught in the act of throwing a stone was subsequently fined 6s. -Poor chap; but we may be sure the 5b. was I speedily made ap by his friends. THE president of the Melbourne Chamber of Manufacturers said a tew days ago that there seems to be a disposition in some quarters for the making of a baiyain with the Labor party to obtain a high federal tariff. AN extraordinary incident occurred in the Domain at Sydney on a recent Sunday afternoon. While a well-known orator was speaking, a man in the crowd named Edward Appleby, aged 40, drew a razor and cut his throat-h\e own, not the speaker's-inflicting an ugly but not serious gash. Evidently the unfortunate man thought life was not worth living after listening to the tub-thumper, whicn is not a very hieh compliment to that i parson's oratorical abilities. Perhaps the South African war was the subject of the dis I course, and the speaker was a Boerite. This > would mean, of course, the same old tarra diddles about the capitalists and the gold ' mines, the constant repetition of which is j enough to drive anyone into lunacy. ! THE bubonic plague in Australia is j very " small potatoes" indeed compared to what it has been in India, although it was quite bad enough in the estimation of those I who have lost relatives and friends through the visitation. As showing the severity of bubonic plague when the epidemic is of a severe character, the following statistics, taken from a report by Surgeon Captain J. Lloyd T. Jones, M.B.,of the Indian Medical Service, who was in charge of the General Plague Hospital at Poona, India, from June 1st, 1897, to March 31st, 1898, is an eye-opener Among the 4179 patients treated, 2836 died. Of these, 489 were admitted in a moribund condition, and died soon after reception. The death rate was 68.4 per cent. Four hundred and nine corpses were received of persons who died on the way to tho hospital. RELATIVE to the Bpread of plague by rats a circumstance related by a gentleman who has some knowledge of India may be of some interest. Ascribing the source of the present outbreak in India to rats escaping from ships coming from the Persian Gulf, he states that at Bombay and Calcutta the ship ping comes alongside the wharves, thus affording these dangerous little rodents an easy means of getting ashore. At Colombo and Madras, however, the vessels lie off in the roadstead and do not come close to the shore, therefore the rats are unable to land. It is a singular fact that, although the sanitary conditions are equally as bad in the two last named places as in the others, there has not been a single case of plague in either Colombo or Madras. But the plague is raging at Bom bay and Calcutta, and as many as 900 deaths have occurred in the latter city in one week. ONE of the Cairns papers is wroth with Mr. Givens, member for trie district, over some rather wild statements he made there the other day. " Mr. Givens tells us that the present Premier would have joined them if the Labor party would have had him. We have no hesitation in saying that we do not place even the slightest credence in that statement. We know of nothing in Mr. Pliilp's past career to justify the supposition that lie would ever I have dreamed of becoming a joint in Mr. Dawson's tail. Mr. Philp, so far as we know him, is an honorable gentleman and a loyal subject, and we cannot suppose for one moment that he would ever think of joining a combination comprised of the Queen's enemies. The "Queen's enemies" is pretty straight talking and seems very near the mark judging by the public behavior of some of the party. THE N.S.W. Railway Commissioners state that annoyance is caused to the guards on tramways by passengers demanding change of large sums. Fifty sovereigns were cashed on the tramway in one day for penny fares. Of course the idea is that there is a chance of having a free ride owing to not sufficient change being available. The passenger hopes to be told to pay next time, and then when " next time" comes he will forget all about it. It is an old trick this presenting of a coin or bank note of high value for some small article | at a place where there is not likely to be enough changc on hand4 and the article not I being worth much, rather than rush about seeking change the shopkeeper more often than not tells the customer to pay when next passing. It is not surprising advantage should I be taken of the rush and bustle on a tramway to endeavor to work the same dodge. THE Australians at the front are still earning unstinted praise, which proves that what was previously said of them was genuine and not just to make them feel happy and contented. In the mails from South Africa only a week or so ago there is another cordial outburst of admiration for the men s gallantry, endurance, and adaptability. All who have seen them at work, says one correspondent writing from Norval's I'ont, are unanimous in declaring that every man of them is a born soldier, excellently disciplined yet self-rcl ant. When they return from patrol their reports can be received as absolutely accurate, and however hardly they are worked they are always cheerfully prepared for more. Tlity are simply magnificent men, and we are all very proud of them. Men, horses, and equip ment are simply perfect They have provoked the profound admiration of several British officers. IT was recently mentioned that Mr. U. D Meagher.M.L.A.,of Sydney, was seeking to be reinstated as a solicitor, but the lull Court has made his case quite hopeless, at least for a few years. In delivering the judg ment of the Court the Chief Justice said that they were satisfied from memorials which had been plated before them that the applicant had lived an honorable life, that he had in the different relations of life in which he had been engaged honorably conducted himseh, and apparently had been of benefit to those with whom he had been connected ; but the circum stances which caused his disgrace were of too recent occurrence to warrant his being re stored to the high position he desired. Perhaps in a very few years an application might be made to the Court with success, but the Court was of opinion that at the present time it was premature, and on that ground it must be refused. AN Ipswich man -writes from Darr River Downs to his father about the drought in the west, and among other remarks, says, according to the Times, that owing to the Station being unable to shift sheep they have to be fed until trucks are available. ' I am now at a place next to the Darr, called Dal more, at a bore, engaged.in feeding 4000 Bheep on maize. I shall have another 4000 in a few days. It is wonderful how the sheep eat the maize. We simply spread it broadcast on a claypan or hard piece of ground, and drive the sheep on to it. It is like a lot of miniature rifles going off to hear them cracking it. We will have to feed them for about two months, as all trucks, &c.;, are booked fall then. To mve you an idea of th© awfulness of this drought, I may tell you that there have been no less than 6,000,000 sheep trucked at Long reach from this district between the 1st of January and the end of April. Six mil lions" u a bit off. I am afraid; 800,000 would be nearer the mark, perhaps, or even 60,000. THE war in South Africa, remarks the Live Stock Journal, is using up cavalry at a great rate. Since the war operations began it is calculated the Government have purchased 48,000 horses up to 30th March, and it is esti mated that the future requirements will be about 5000 per month. This is in addition to 27,000 mules which have been bought, horses which have been voluntarily provided by the colonies, and those belonging to the various regiments at home which went out with the troops. SOME of tlic Australians have dis covered what sort of a thing the Boer Mauser bullet is, and one who lived after the introduc tion tells us about it. He says " 1 had the pleasure of having a Mauser bullet through the fleshy part of my neck, on the left side. The bullet went in just above the collar, and | came out just below the collar, at the back. Another inch to the right and I would have been a dead-bird. We were just dismounting at tlio time, and the bullet went through my horse's neck first, and then through mine, so some Doer knocked two birds with one stone. I felt just as if I had received a heavy blow on the back of the neck, and I dropped like a log. I Boon recovered, however." Another Quepns lander got a bullet right through the body. It went in at the back and . came out just below the tunic pocket. The writer says lie went over to the ambulance waggon to see hiin, and he appeared to be getting along nicely. This man's name was Strong, so after having a bullet right through him, and not being much the worse for it, he appears to be strong in nature as well as in name. GYMPIE'S veteran officer, Colonel Patterson, was not alone in his desire to see how the Queensland boys shaped at the front when the crisis arrived, and went to South Africa for the purpose, for a member of the New Zealand Assembly appears to have gone to the seat of war on a similar mission in con nection with the New Zealanders. Mr. Hut chinson was his name, and upon returning home to the colony he said that he fouDd the name of New Zealand a talisman to open every door. Notwithstanding that passes across the Orange River were stopped after the occupation of Bloemfontein, owing to the rising of the Doers in the south of the Free State, an appeal to General Ridley was success ful. "You come from New Zealand, and want to see the New Zealanders at the front," said Bidley; " and so you shall, though it iB dead against orders ; but I'd commit a crime for New Zealand. What splendid fellows they are." Mr. Hutchinson says that the contin gent looked war-worn veterans, but quite cheerful. At the same time, it was fathered that, without wishing to abate one lota the full measure of their duty, they would be glad when the war was over and tHey were home again. | IT is now generally believed, says a Darling Downs paper, that, in connection with the new Federal Parliament, Messrs. \V. H. Groom and F. Kates, MM.L.A., will be candi dates for the Senate and House of Representa tives respectively. IN reply to a deputation winch, waited upon liim the N.S. W. Premier said the systematic opening of shops on Sunday should be stopped, and if the existing law was not sufficient to stop the practice it must be amended. The shopkeepers are pleased ! TWENTT-TIIRKE farms on the Glen gallan Estate, No. 2A, were opened for selec tion at the end of last month under the pro visions of the Agricultural Lands Purchase Acts, at prices ranging from £3 to £5 10s. an acre. Fifty-eight applications were received for 22 portions, there being as many as 15 applicants for one piece. The total amount of money deposited was £3020. It is believed that if the Goomburra Estate were thrown open every lot would be selected. A CHAHLEVILLE paper says that owing to the scarcity of horseflesh and high rates for fodder, it is not unlikely that the Police Department will cause the humble horse to be superseded by the bicycle at many out back stations. In fact, several applications in tliis direction have already been made, and during the week a bicycle passed through by train for use at Eromanga, where the more modern mode of locomotion lias been rendered absolutely necessary. The police will no doubt find it tiresome work keeping their machines in order, and " pumping 'er up" not quite so easy as pumping a witness. Many a man becomes tired himself and sick unto death of the very name of " bike," if he happens to be one of those unlucky riders who are always fighting punctures and other ills that bicycles are heir to. A policeman is not likely to be any luckier than other folk, and although the machine does better work when thoroughly tyred, I am afraid the guardians of the peace will soon become thoroughly tired through striving to keep the wheels thoroughly tyred. LADIES' TAILOB-KADE COSTUMES.-The de mand for these stylish goods is deoidedly on the increase, and for the ooming Autumn and Winter Seasons Most re. JAKES 8TEWAST & Go. have imported a large 8took of the newest materials for Tailor- made Costumes. A very handsome model Costnme is now on show in one of their Eaet-htreet windows. Ladies' Hiding Habits, Jaokets, and Ulsters are also a speciality, and as there is a wide range of materials to choose from there is no need for residents of Central Queensland to Bend sooth' for their requirements. TMM Okmtfitn a year far 21s" post tree. 