NOTES AND CSSHHENT8. "THE Pnblin.?"1*?® r"/1; s'll--!+>-/tbo dummy guna -auuranteed. Tailor-made o. Mafekimr cole Millinery, latest Hosiery, Opera to^ shoot, »ysqu?S^!e^»ut into the^L ^ ..rrelaand thepopcatje&d; 'oat deliAiv. > A previous Government having ha# "" j innings, and having arrived at tbat stage oj 'iary embarrassment to which alt ColoniaV nmenta sooner or later degenerate, and in A desireto prolong the occupancy of theirj ^tB,bought ts economise by starving the roads,) "\iDg eo much off the municipal endorsements a thousand and one other expedients ot cheese-' .mg. The cadets were victims, and without en-\ urogement and money grant the Bowral corps. ceased to exist. However, all the enthusiasm re-' mainB, and some request ought to be made to jlembar McCourt to get the state to encourage the youngsters. * * . WHY should not Bowral have its club of "Wanderess or Rovers 1 On demonstration night tlia town was taken by storm, for there was an incursion of bicyclists, each with a waving torchlight which was extinguished for a time whilst the invaders replenished their energies at a well-known hoBtelry. Then the Captain of the Moss Vale Bicycle Club Bent a meBsnge along to the Secretary of the torchlight pro cession offering to accompany. The offer was at once closed with in the kindly spirit in which it was proffered, and a very interesting feature was added to the display. This neighbourly friendliness of Moss Yale was highly appreciated. * * ?» THE orderly condition of the crowd on Dem onstration niglit was quite up to tho usual high level, of Bowral good behaviour. One erratic individual was filled with tho bottled influence that makes for eloquence, and ho felt compelled to soar to higher lights of eloquence by reason of tho applause that filled his ears. To on lookers t.ho source of tho applause was evident, for a youth with much dry humour possessing a cow horn blow its rather penetrating and pro longed note right into the ear of tho enthusiast. Eventually tho elequent one soared bo high that ho was found in the mud. * * 'WITAT was tho loading features of Wednesday's demonstration ? Wbb it not the healthy, happy children, their numbers and goad behaviour? The Bfrrima District boy and iiirl, with cheeks red with Berrima bloom, does a credit to everybody concern ed. The wonder is that with a scarcity of - employ ment there are such crops ot olive branches. *** THE nasal horizon of the inspector of nuisances widens daily. 1?or instance, the domain of colonial boot-leather is a terra incognita to tho olfactory organ of our energetic officer, who ought to be educated up to its explotation. In tho whole realm of nature there is no more terrible odour than a j newly-repaired boot in which colonial leather forms ' tho sole. It is a scent that i° penetrating and nau s-ating. persistent and powerful, indescribable ond nevf t to I e forgotten, and would tnrn the celebrated Bowral ghost -known as Billy-inside out. Mr. Brazier should impound every newly-soled boot he comes acrosr. \- * * Tijf resources of civilisation might with advantage be more fuirly distributed throughout the connc'l cbnmb»r of our municipal fathers. It is an injust ice tliat there ho onlv one ink not placed before the chairman. Every alderman should have the means at hand tn discharge at a brother councillor who may choose to differ from him. It would save much muscular energy and sanguinary langna«e in pro dticiiC the pictorial effects of a black eye and stn am:ne nnse if ink of the respective tints could be di-charged wiib accuraoy The experience of the laut m e'ing of the council openB one's eyes as to tbepossibilities of the future. » « THE Association Band han proved itH value »b an 'important factor in the succes? of public outdoor functions. The training of mu=inians the cost of ^nstrumpnts and the purchase of mtisio has entailed *> initial extendi ure of many scores of pounds. '?AE annual coet extee Is £70, what wiih the snlarv 'the bandmaster, repiir of instruments, etc. The nd represent" HO much money sunk, and again , '.V asks what has Bowral done for the band f .ias done so much for Bowral? A.N.V. ,| ChiMrena Hacking fMugh at night Woods Peppermint Care. 1/u. 