THE DEMOH. It is, I confess, with considerable reluct ance that 1 appproach the strange narrative trtiich I am about to relate. The events which I purpose detailing are of so extra ordinary a character that I am quite pre pared to meet with an unusual amount of incredulity and scorn. I accept all such be forehand. I live on a quiet street in New York. The house is in some respects a curious one. It has enjoyed for the last two years the repu tation of being haunted, It is a large and stately residence, surrounded by what was once a garden, but which is now only a green enclosure used for bleaching clothes. The dry basin of what has been a fountain, 1 and a few fruit-trees, ragged and unpruned, indicate that this spot in past days was a pleasant, shady retreat, filled with fruits, »nd flowers, and the sweet murmur of vaters. The house is vary spacious. A hall of noble size leads .to a large spiral staircase, grinding through its centre, while the various Apartments are of imposing dimensions. It «ras built some fifteen or twenty years since, by a well-known New York merchant, who, five years ago, threw the commercial world into convulsions by a stupendous bank fraud. He escaped to Kurope. and died not long after of a broken heart. Almost imme diately after the news of bis decease reached this country and was verified, the report spread in the neighbourhood that the house was haunted. Ijegal measures had dis possessed the widow of its former owner, and it was inhabited merely by a care-taker and his wife, placed there by the house agent into whose hands it bad paused for purposes «f renting or Bale. These people declared that they wen troubled with unnatural noises. Doors were opened without any visible agency. The remnants of furniture scattered through the various rooms were, daring the night, piled one upon the other fey unknown hands. Invisible feet passed op and down the stairs in broad daylight, accompanied by the rustle of unseen mlk dresses and the gliding of viewless hands along the massive balusters. The caretaker and his w^fe declared they would live there no longer.' The bouse agent laughed, dis missed them, and put others in their place. The noises and supernatural manifestations continued. The neighbourhood caught op the Btory, and the house remained un tcnanted for three years. Several persons «egotiated for it; but somehow always be fore the bargain was closed they heard the un pleasant rumours, and declined to treat any farther. It was in this state of tilings that our land lady, who wished to remove farther up-town, tfOBoenwdthe bold idea of renting this house Happening to have rather a plucky and gStplosopnieal set of fcoarders, she laid her scheme before us, stating candidly every thing she bad heard respecting the ghostly qualities of the establishment to which she wished to remove us. With the exception at two timid persona— a sea captain. and a attorned Oalif omian, who immediately gave tuttioe that they would leave — all of Mrs. KoSat's guests declared that they would accompany her in her cbivalric incursion into die abode of spirits. Of course we had no sooner established awselves tbaa we began to expect tbechosts. We absolutely awaited their advent with -?mi.ii in mi Our dinner conversation was sapeniatuxsL One of the boarders, who had purchased Mrs. Crowe's ' Night Side of XTature ' for bis own private delectation, was regarded as a public enemy by the entire * household for not having bought twenty .copies. The man led a life of supreme wretchedness while be was reading this volume. A system of espionage was estab lished of which he was the victim. If he facantiouBly laid the book down an instant sad left the room, it was immediately seized and read aloud to a select few. X found myelf & person of immense importance, it having leaked oat that I was tolerably well versed in the history' of Bupernaturausm, and bad once written a story the foundation of which was a ghost. If a table or a wainscot panel happened to warp when we were assembled in the large drawing-room, there was an instant silence, and everyone was prepared for an immediate clanking of chains and a spectral form. Things were in this state when an incident took place so awful and inexplicable in its -baracter that my reason fairly reels at the bare memory of the occurrence. It was the tenth ot July. After dinner was over I re paired, with my friend Dr. Hammond, to my rooms to take our evening pipe. Independent of certain mental sympathies which existed between the doctor and myself, we were linked together by a vice— we both smoked opium. We knew each other's secret and respected it. We enjoyed together that wonderful expansion of thought, that mar vellous intensifying of the perceptive facul ties, that boundless feeling of existence when one seems to have points of contact with the whole universe— in short, that unimaginable spiritual bliss which i would not surrender £or a throne, and wbich I nope you, reader, will never, never taste. Those tours of opium bappiness wbich the doctor aud I spent together in secret were regulated with a scientific accuracy. We did joot blindly smoke the drug of paradise, and leave our dreams to chance. While smoking, we carefully steered our conversation through the brightest and calmest channels of thought. We talked of the East, and endeavoured to recall the magical panorama of its glowing scenery. We criticised the most sensuous poets — those who painted life ruddy with health, brimming with passion, happy in the possession of youtb.and etrenglh.and beauty. If we talked of Shakespeare's '- Tempest,' we lingered over Ariel, aud avoided Caliban. This skilful colouring of our train of thought produced in our subsequent visions a corresponding tone. The splendours of Arabian fairy-land dyed our dreams. Houses, walls, and streets melted like rain-clouds,and viEtaa ot unimaginable glory stretched away before us. It was a rapturous companionship. We enjoyed the vast delight more perfectly because.even in our most ecstatic moments, we were conscious of each other's presence. Our pleasures, while individual, were still twin. vibrating and moving in musical accord. .On the evening in question, the tenth of July, the doctor and myself drifted into an unusually metaphysical mood. We prepared andlitourpipos, filled with the bubble of opium that, like the nnt in the fairy tale, held within its narrow limits wonders beyond the reach of kings. But a strange perversity dominated the currents of our thoughts. They would not flow through the sun-lit channels into which we strove to divert them. Insensibly we yielded to the occult force that swayed us. and indulged in gloomy specula tion. We had talked some time upon the proneness of the human mind to mysticism, aod the almost universal love of the terrible. wl«en Hammond suddenly said to me: 'What do you consider to be the greatest element of terror ?'' The question puzzled me. That many things were terrible, I knew. Stumbling over a corpse in the dark; beholding, as I once did, a woman floating down a deep and rapid river, with wildly lifted arms, and awful, upturned face, uttering, as she drifted, shrieks that rent one's heart, while we, the spectators, stood frozen at a window which overhung the river at a height of sixty feet, . unable to make the slightest effort to save her, but dumbly watching her last suprentr agony and ber disappearance. A shattered wreck, with no life visible, encountered floating listlessly on the ocean, is a terrible object, for it suggests a huge terror, the pro portions of which are veiled. But it now struck me for the first time that there must be one great and ' ruling embodiment of fear — a King of Terrors to which all others must succumb. To what train of circumstances would it owe its existence ?' 'I confess, Hammond,*' I replied to my friend, *' I .never considered the subject be before. That there must be one— something more terrible than any other thing, I feel. X cannot attempt, however, even the most vague oetinitton.' ' I am something like you, Harry,' he answered. ' I feel my capacity to experience a terror greater than anything yet conceived by the human mind— something combining in fearful and un&atuial; amalgamation hitherto supposed incompatible elements. The calling of the voices in Brockden Brown's novel of * Wieland ' is awful; ?-o is the picture of tbe Dweller on the Threshold, in Bulwer's ' Zanoni '; but,' he added, shaking his head gloomily, ' there is something more horrible than these.' '*' Ijock here, Hammond,' I rejoined, ' let us drop this kind of ta'k, for heaven's sake. We shall suffer for it, depend upon it.' ' Well, good-night, Harry. Pleasant dreams to you.' ' To you. gloomy wretch; afreets, ghouls, and enchanters.' ' We parted, and each sought his respective chamber. I undressed quickly aod got into bed, taking with me, accoiding to my usual custom, a book, over which I generally read myself to sleep. I opened tbe volume as soon as I had laid my head upon the pillow, and instantly flung it to the other side of the room. It was Goudon's ' History of Mon sters,' a cut ions French work, which I had lately received from Paris, but which, in the ' state of mind I had'' then reached, was any thing bpt an agreeable companion. T resolved to go to sleep at once; »o turning down my gas until nothing but a. little blue point of light glimmered on the top of the tube, I composed myself to rest. The room was in total' darkness. The atom of gas that still remained alight did not illuminate a distance of three inches around the burner. I desperately drew my arm across my eyes, as if to shut out even the darkness, and tried to think of nothing. It - was in vain. The themes touched on by Hammond kept obtruding themselves on my brain. I battled against them. I erected ramparts of would-be blankness of intellect to keep them out. They still crowded upon me. While I was lying still as a corpse, hoping that by a perfect physical inaction I should hasten mental re pose, an awful incident occurred. A Some thing dropped, as it seemed. fro,m the ceiling upon my cheet,and the next instant I felt two bony hands encircling my throat endeavour ing to choke me. I am no coward, sad am possessed of con siderable physical strength. Tbe -suddenness of the attack, instead of stunning me, strung every nerve to its highest tension. My body acted upon instinct before my brain had time to realise the -terrors of my position. In an instant 1 wound two 'muscular arms around the creature, and squeezed it, with all the strength of despair, sgainBt my chest. In a few seconds the bony hands that had fast ened on my throat loosened their hold, - aod I was free to breathe onee more. Then com menced a struggle of awful intensity. Im mersed in the most profound darkness, tot ally ignorant of the nature of the Thing by which I was so suddenly attacked, finding my grasp slipping every moment, by reason,it seemed to me, of the entire nakedness of my assailant, bitten with sharp .teeth in the shoulder, neck, and chest, having every moment to protect my throat against a pair of sinewy, agile bands, which my utmost efforts could not confine— these were a com bination of circumstances to combat which required all (he strength, skill, and courage that I possessed. At last, after a silent, deadly, exhausting Btrugjde, I got my assailant under by a series of incredible efforts of strength. Once pinned, with mv knee on what I made out to be its chest, I knew that I was victoi. I rested for a moment to breathe. I heard the creature beneath me panting in the darkness, and I felt the violent throbbing of a heart. It was apparently as exhausted as I was; that was one comfort. At this moment I remem bered that I usually placed under my pillow, before going to bed, a large, yellow, silk pocket-handkerchief. I felt for it instantly; it was there. In a few seconds more I had, after a fashion, pinioned the creature's arms. I now felt tolerably secure. There was nothing more to be done but to turn on the gas, and having first seen what my midnight assailant was like, aiouse the household. - -1 will confess to being actuated by a certain pride in not giving the alarm [before; I wished to make the capture alone and un aided. Never losing my hold for an in stant. I slipped bom the bed to the floor, dragging my captive with me. I had but a few steps to reach the gas-burner; these I made with the greatest caution, holding the creature in a grip like s vice. At last I got within anna length of the tiny speck of blue light which told me crhere the gas-burner was. Quick as light ning I released my grip with one hand, and let on the full flood of light. Then I turned to look at my captive. I can not even attempt to give any defini tion of my sensations tbe instant after I turned on the gas. I suppose I must have shrieked with terror, fur in less than a minute afterward the room was crowded with the inmates of the bouse. I shudder cow as I think of that awful moment. - I saw nothing ! Yes; I had one arm firmly clasped round a breathing, panting, coiporeal shape; my other hand gripped with all its strength a throat as apparently fleshy as my own ; and yet. with this living substance in my grasp, with its body pressed against my own, and in all tli« bright glare of gas, I absolutely beheld nothing. Not even an outline — a vapor. ' ' It breathed. I felt its breath upon my cheek. It struggled fiercely. It had hands They clutched me. Its skin was smooth like my own. There it lay, pressed close up, against me, solid as stone, and yet utterly invisible. Just then Hammond entered my room at the head of the household. As soon as he beheld my face— which, I suppose, . must ha-e been an awful sight to look at— he hastened forward, crying: ' Great heavens, Harry, what has happened ?' ' Hammond ! Hammond !' I cried, ' come here. Oh, this is awful. I have been at tacked in bed by something or other, whicn I have hold of; but I can't see it; I can't see it!' Hammond, doubtless struck 'by the horror expressed in my countenance, made one or two steps forward with an anxious yet puzzled expression. A very audible titter burst from the remainder of my visitors. This suppressed laughter made me furious. So great was my rage against the mocking crowd that had I the power I would have stricken them dead where they stood:. 'Hammond! Hammond!' I cried again, despairingly, ' for God's sake come tovne. I can hold the Thing but a short while longer. It is overpowering me. Help me! help me!' ''Harry. 'whisperedHammond,apDroaching me, ' you have been smoking too much opium. ' ' I swear to you, Hammond, that it is no vision,' I answered, in the same low tone. 'Don't you see how it shakes my whole frame with its (struggles ? If you don't believe me, convince yourself. Ijeel it: touch it.' Hammond advanced, and laid his ' hand on the spot I indicated. A wild cry of horror burst from him. He had felt it ! In a moment he had discovered somewhere in my room a long piece of cord, and was the next instant winding it aod knotting it about the body of the unseen being thai I clasped in my arms. ' Harry,' he said, in a hoarse voice — for though he preserved his presence of mind, he was deeply agitated — ' Harry, it'B all safe' now; you may let go if you are tired. The Thing-- can't move.' I was utterly exhausted.and I gladly loosed my hold. Hammond stood holding the ends of the cord that bound the Invisible, twisted round his hand, while before him, self supporting, as it were, was a rope laced anri interlaced, and stretching tightly around ;i vacant space. The confusion which ensued among the guests of the house' who were witnesses of this extraordinary scene between Hammond and myself— who beheld the pantomime of binding this struggling Something — who beheld me almost sinking from physical exhaustion when my task of jailor was over — the confusion and ' terror that took posses sion of the by-standers when they saw all this was beyond description. The weaker ones fled from the apartment. The few who remained clustered .near the door, and could not be induced to approach Hammond and his charge. Still incredulity broke out through their terror. They had not the courage to satisfy themselves, and yet they doubted. 1 gave a sign to Hammond, and both of us— conquering our fearful repugn ance to touch the invisible creature— lifted it from the .ground, manacled as it was, and took it to my bed. Its weight was about that ' of a boy of fourteen. - - ? .-. ? *' Now, my friends,** 1 said, as Hammond and myself held the creature suspended over the bed, ' 1 can give you self-evident proof that here is a solid, ponderable body, which, nevertheless, * you can see. . Be good enough to watch the surface of the bed attentively.' The eyes of ^ the by-standers were imme diately fixed on the bed. At a given signal Hammond and I let tbe creature fall. There was a dull sound, as of a heavy bduy alightiag on a soft mass. The bed creaked. A deep impression marked itself distinctly on the pillow, and on the bed itself. The crowd who witnessed this gave a low cry, and rushed from die room. Hammond and I were alone with our mystery. We remained silent for some time, listening to the low, irregular breathing of the creature on the bed, and watching the rustle of the bed-clothes as it impotently struggled to free itself 'from confinement. Then Ham mond spoke: ' liet ub reason a little, Harry. Here is a solid body which we touch, but which we can not Bee. ; Tbe fact is so unusual that it strikes us with terror. Is there no parallel, though, for such- a phenomenon? Take a piece of pure glass. It is tangible and transparent. A certain chemical coarseness is all that prevents its being so entirely transparent as to be totally invisible. It is not theoretically impossible, mind you, to make a glass so pure and homogeneous in its atoms that tbe rays from tbe son will pass through it as they «kv through the «r,-«v fraeted but not reflected. We do not see the air, and yet we feel it.' 'That's all very well, Hammond, but these are inanimate snbstanoes. Glass does not breathe; air does not breathe. This thing has a heart that palpitates— a will that ? moves it — Jongs that ptay.and inspire and re spire.' Hammond shook his head and was silent. We watched together, smoking many pipes, all night long by the beoBide of the unearthly being that tossed and panted until it was apparently wearied out. Then we learned by the low. regular breathing that it slept. Tho next morning the house was all astir. The boarders congregated on the landing out side my room, and Hammond and myself were lions. We had to answer a thousand questions as to the state of our extraordinary prisoner, for aa yet not one person in tbe house except oourselvcs could be induced to set foot in the apartment. The creature was awake. This was evi denced by the convulsive manner in which the bedclothes were moved in its efforts to escape. There was something truly terrible in beholding, as it were, these struggles for liberty which yet were invisible. Hammond and myself had racked our brains during the night to discover some means by which we might realize the shape and general appearance of the 'Enigma. As well as we could make out, by passing our bauds over the creature's form, its outlines and lineaments we. e human. There was a mouth: around, Bmooth head without hair: a nose which, however, was little elevated above the cheeks; and its hands and feet felt like those of a boy. At first we thought of placing the Being on a smooth surface and tracing its outline with chalk, as shoemakers trace the outline of a foot. This plan was given up as of no value. Such an outline would not give the slightest idea of its con formation. A happy thought struck me. We would take a cast of it in plaster. This would give us the solid figure, and satisfy ail our wishes. But how to do it? The movements of the creature- would disturb the setting of the plastic covering, and distort the mould. Another thought. Why not give it chloro form? It had respiratory organs — that was evident by its. breathing. Once reduced to a state of insensibility, we* could do with it what we would. A doctor was sent for, and after the physician had recovered from the first shock of amazement he proceeded to administer the chloroform. In three minutes afterward we were enabled to remove the fetters from the creature's body, and a modeller was busily engaged in covering the invisible form with the moist clay. In fivo minutes more we had a mould, and before evening a rough facsimile of the mystery. It was shaped like a man — distorted, uncouth, and horrible, but still a man. It was small, not over four feet and some inches in height, and its limbs revealed a muscular develop ment that was unparalleled. Its face sur passed in hideouspess anything 1 had ever seen. tiustave Dore never conceived any thing so horrible. It was the physiognomy of what I should fancy a ghoul might be. It looked as if it was capable of feeding on human flesh. Having satisfied our curiosity, and bound every one in the house to secrecy, it became a question what was to be done with our Enigma? It was impossible that we should keep such a horror in the house: it was equally impossible that such an awful being should 'be let loose upon the world. I confess that I would have gladly voted for the cieature's debtruction. But who would shoulder the responsibility? Who would undertake the execution of this horrible semblance of a human being? The most singular part of the affair was that we were entirely ignorant of what the creature habitually fed on. Everything iu this way of nutriment that we could think of was placed before it, but was never touched. It was awful to stand by, day after day, and see. the clothes toss, aod hear tbe hard breatlt ine. and know that it was dvin?. X'e-u, twelve days, a fortnight passed, and it still lived. The pulsations of the heart, however, were daily growing fainter, and had now nearly ceased. It was evident that the creature was dying for want of sustenance. While this terrible life struggle was going on 1 felt miserable. I could not sleep. Horrible as. tho creature was, it was pitful to think of the pangs it was suffering. At last it died. Hammond and I found it cold and stiff one morning in the bed. The heart had ceased to beat, the lungs to inspire. We hastened to bnry it in the garden. It was a strange funeral, the dropping of that viewless corpse into the damp hole. The cast of its form Hammond has still. As I am on the eve of a long journey, from which I may not return, I have drawn up this narrative of an event the moat singular that has ever come to my-knowledge.— Fitz- James O'Brien in the '* Argonaut.' 