ITEMS OF NEWS. ? 1 . : The Francis Ormond mine had another highly satisfactory yield' yesterday, when 250 tons re turned 236oz lOclwt gold. The anniversary of the Biblo Christian church will be held to-morrow. In another column appears a very high tribute' to the promptness of the Temperance and General Life Assurance Society in the settlement of claims made upon it. The district agent is Mr: E. H. Carter. . " j The residents of Metcalfe will have an onptir-" tunity of hearing tona solfa singing by. a. class, that has hceh formed. ' To-morrow .being Whitsun Day there will.be an early celebration of the Holy Communion at Christ Church as well as at midday. The Vicar will' preach both morning and evening; Tho anthem, Come, Holy Ghost" (Attwond); will be sung in the evening, ' ?The Rev Professor Horper,' M.A., B. A., will preach in the Presbyterian Church to-morrow morning and evening. Professor Harper's visit is in the interest of the Twentieth Century Fund of the Presbyterian Church of Victoria, and his address will, - doubtless, be of a highly interesting and instructive character. ' Special anthems will be rendered by the choir at both servises. .. The prospectus of the " Lord Roberts" Gold Mining Co. . at Green Gully, between Oastlo- maine and Newstead, appears in our advertising columns of this issue for the last time. The mine is situated in a splendid position, among several which are now getting good roturns, and should the venture prove as successful as the great general, "whose name it bears, applicahts for shares will have cause to be glad tli6ywere " in .it." We are requested to state that a meeting of tho provisional directors will be held in a few days to consider the applications vrhichi we understand, are numerous the. easy . terms on: which so promising a property is bflered, having been recognised; and appreciated. The famous and much travelled Lynch.Family open in the Town Hall on Friday' night,: when they will give one of their popular and enjoy able ontertainments. Besides the boll ringing, which is always associated with the name of the Lynch family, they have the usual drawing-room elite: tainment. Mr Walter Whyte comes with a great reputation as a tenor singer, and Mr J. R. Stapleton has the nainc of being a show in himself, being a very clever comedian' and dancer. A preliminary advertisement appears in another column. . Mr W. F. Newham has in his window in Barker-s' reel , a trophy which he has donated; that has been wlm liy the Harcourt Cricket Club. It is a substantial gnrdevine, with three cut ghss bottles, but, as most of the Harcourt people are presumed to be teetotallers, it may induce them to forget thoir pledgo, or, as a friend ' naively r.-marketl, they may use it for medioinal. purposes. Miss Hansen Klmrhoi, who has upon several occasions charmed Castle main,- audiencos by her exquisite and sympathetic playing on the violin, is inclined to visit Castlomaine to give instruct ions to pupils provided there be enough of them to induce her to carry out h-r intentions. To have such an instructress will be a real boon to those wlm dosire to excel in playing what is termed " the king of instruments." Tlie Bendigo Branch of the A.N.A. sat" from eight o'clock on Friday- evening till two o'clock next morning, discussing the decision of tho Board of Directors, ordering the branch to pay L20 funeral allowance to the relatives of a deceased momber. Messrs Skelton (President), Wise, Roberts, and Wairi wright (Secretary), of the Board, wero in attendance. The Branch was obstinate. The directors advised obedienco to the Board, and, if thought necessary, appeal to the conference. The matter was evontuully adjourned for four weeks. It is probable that the branch will bo warned that if tho Board mandate be not complied with at the meeting to which tho question is adjourned, the branch will be suspended on tho following day. In view of the constitutional remedy tho Bondigo branch has, little or no sympathy is felt for it by sister branches. - There is on view in the window of Mossrs M'Ureery and Hopkins, a trophy forwarded by Mr-J., M. Bruoe, of Melbourne, to Captain M'Creery, to be competed for by the Rifle Club. The trophy is a handsome one of electriv plate,' that has two bottles for ink, has in the centre a stag, and above is an opergne. Mr Bruce, who is about _ to proceed to London, takes a great interest in Rifle Clubs, and he has set an ex ample that is worthy of being followed by other gentlemon. If a trouhy were donated, say of oboiit L10 value, it could be competed for by all the Rifle Clubs in tho district, who would nil bo anxious to he declared winners, nnd who would thus be brought together in friendly rivalry. No fewor than seven young men were brought baforo the Police Court yesterday on a charge of riotous behaviour. They had oomo to Castlo maine to share in the rejoicings over the relief, of Mafeking, and when they returned to Guild- ford, tlioy stopped at the Railway Hotel to see, as Ihey said, a fight in the yard. In a fostive mood thoy forced their wny into the hotel, and they were alleged to have pulled down" and then, hoisted a flag, split the panel of a door, broke, tho lamp outside, and two panes of . glass.in a, bedroom window, hut no particular one wasseen to. do the various damages. Like many 'mdre people on that night "'of? jubilation, they took it part in playing1 pranks, but as they didnot in timidate the landlady or her . sister in the hotel, they wore rritit deemed, .according to what is set forth in'"tlie law, as' being riotous,' they were all discharged, oven without paying for damages, which the -landlfidy assented' rib L2. ' ' Lord. Rohorts's rapid march: -into tho; Trans vaal litis astonished the world, hut that astonish ment might he considerably abated by a perusal, of' ' The . Friend." thb paper fp some-time , issued hy the committee of war correspondents at- Bloemfbtitein. : It contains says the ' Herald' proclamation's by Lord Roberts, and their trans lations into Dutch. Nmv the latter, appears to." come under the bond of insulting language, which should be .written on, a slip of paper mid handed up to their ; worships on- the bench. To call -Lord Roberts a" Veldmaarschalk" is in itself irritating, 'but when lie is also styled an " Opperbuvelhobber" one' can understand his anxiety -to' get, level with, the people that speak nnd write such things nbout him, and as his army is alluded to as a " Krijgsmuihron" the zotl of Bobs in the pursuit of Kru'gerlis praise worthy zeal. ; ;' ? " . \ Mr J, R. Dickson, 'the Queensland federation delegate, has cablod : tho full text of the new clause in tho Commonwealth Bill, which is as follows :—" No; question howsoever arising as. to the limits inter se of the constitutional powers of a state or states, or as to the limits inter se of the constitutional powers of any two or more states, shall be capable of final decision oxcept biy the High Court, and no, appeal shall be per mitted to tlie Queen in Council from any doci- sion- of tliO;High Court on- any such question unless by the consent of the Executive Govern-' merit or. .Governments' concerned, to bo! signified in writing by the .Governor-General in the case of the Commonwealth, and by the Governor in the case of any state. Except as provided iii this section, this constitution shall not iinpair any right which the Queen may bo pleased to exercise by Her Royal prerogative to grant :special leave to appeal to the Queon in Council.,:,. Parliament may, make. laws limiting matters in which such leave, inay be asked, pro- vided' that the proposed lows containing any such limitation, shall -be reserved by tho Go vcmpr-G eneral for the signification of his .pleasure. ' ' , The Secretary .for Lands has forwarded to us the handbook relating.to tho Wando Yale Estate 'to which is appended? notes as to terms and con ditions for the guidance of applicants. Tho estate is in the County of Dundas ; it consists 10,477 nores of undulatjng country, black soil on the flats, loam on .thu. slopes, and medium quality, on table lands. Full particulars are set forth concerning the land, arid how it" may be obtained. ' . The Customs revenue returns for the month just ended, totalled L180, 614, as . against' L153.596 for the corresponding month last year. This amount of L 180, 6 14 tells short of the esti mate byL12;740, but so fag' in. the present'finan- cial year the revenue is well ahead of that of last year,, fo the. oxlentof L46.4G0.' In the Licensing Court yesterday a transfer of licence, to Ah Pack for the British Queen Hotel at Vaughan, was granted; Mr M'Cay applied for the adjournment of the Court for 14 days in, order that he may make an applica- .tion for a transfer of licence for the Yandoit Hotel, and this was granted. " Messrs Lascolles and Adiirils hold an auction sale tu- day at 12.30 in the Eastern Market, of tricycles of tho finest quality. : The' winner of tl\e Endean- Wilson road , race was mounted on this machine, so there will be an opportunity of buying a Diamond cycle cheap. . - V. Mr R. O'Neill, Vl.L.A., is now engaged draft- ing three measures, which ho intonds to bring before Parliament at the earliest possible oppor tunity next session. One is with the view of licensing all house and land agents!?' valuators, hotel- brokers, aridstock and' dhure brokers. He considers that these should contribute to the re venue by paying an annual license fee, and claims that the effect would be to render such classes of business more legitimate than at pre sent. Tho second bill has for. its object, the pro- riiibition of the sale of tobacco in its various forms to youths- under 16 years of age. The third 'measure is intended. to prohibit children under 14 years of age from frequenting the streets nfEer '9 o'clock p.m., unless thoy nre under the control of parents or suitable. guardians'. Sergeant . Geary, one of the members of G Oompany,- Warrnambool, wlio' went with., the first contingent to I South : Africa, has '.' been appointed police sergeant in Bloemfontein'at 15s per day. Private A: M'Doniild. 'of' Grasmere, has also received a police appointment at 10s per day. ... ' ' . i: Mr \V. A. Holm an; M.L. A., for Grenfell, N. S. VV. has been telling foul of hie constituents in consequence of his pro, B ter utter mces, and on Monday night he faced thet'n with an explan ation. in which he spoke io defence of the Uoers yvhom he pictured as a rioble-iniiidud people fight ing against a powerful and aggressive nation. The. speaker was frequently internip'e-1. and when lie sat down a motion, that Mr Holuian, owing to'hiR anti-British remarks in Parliament, was unworthy of the confidence of ? t he- con stituents of that portion of the : electorate," was carried almost unanimously, there, being only half a dozen dissentients. The audience then became demonstrative, giving cheers for the Queen and singing patriotic songs 'until 'the hall was cleared. Sunny Slope, California,' enjoys the; : distinc tion tif being the largest vineyard., in the world. It is situated ainidst the most beautiful scenery of tliaL favored land, two miles ' from, the '; San Gabriel. Of a total of 1900 acres, 735 are devoted tqgrape vines, the remainder being distritiuted among orange, lemon arid olive trees. ? ? The determination of 'Privato W. Williamson, a moriiber of the First. Oontingont from I. Com pany, V.M.R., to see„ the war through is shown (says a Pyramid Hill correspondent) by a letter received, from him ! containing the 'following, dated from the steamer Euryalus i--fYou will be surprised to hear that I am with1 the' Victorian Bushmen. With several others who recently returned by the Moravian, ; I was riiarked to be sent, home inyalided on account of wounds re ceived at Rensbuiig. . I did ' nbt'wahr to go bo. fore thb war wiis over. I was at Capetown when the Euryalus arrived, I went on board to see tho Victorians, and reckoned it would he a good op portunity to „ get out of the proposed return home. I went below and stowed away till the Euryalus hod started fqr the port of Beira. Then I came on deck and reported myself to Captain Dobbin. . Of courso 1 got a ' lecture, but tho captain said he was very pleased to have me on account of my .experience. Anyway, I atn.now here, and am bound for tho front ngnin. I have nothing with1 me but the clothes I. stand up in, hut a kit will' bo issued to me . on arrival, at .Beira." : ! Gerieraj Louis Botlia, the Boer Commander-' iri- Chjef, J.s; married to a lady of Irish family named Emmet; Mrs Botha is said to be related to Tlipmss Addis Emmet, the United Irishjleader in 1798, and Robert Emmet, his brother, who was convicted aitd oxecutod for high treason in Dublin in 1803. A brother of the Emmets, who Syas in' tire British- Army, became a magis- trate.at Cape Town, where ho died early in tho century. The Queen sent the followimg message to the 'Irish- people . through , the . Lord- Lieutenant: — ' Vice-regal Lndge; Phoenix Park, Dublin, April 25th';?1 1900. -The Queen is very anxious- before leaving Ireland,; where she has spent a most agreeable, time; to express- through the Lord- Lieutenant to her Irish people how, very much and ; how deeply touched she has been by her reception;, here.: During the three weeks the Qii'eeri hflb bpent in this charming place she has beenTreceived"' by all r/inks and breeds with an enrhusiiism andean iaffectiori :which>:cannot he surpassed. . ..Each ' time the Queen came-' here before with her denr husband they were always kindly" and 'warmly' welcomed, hut on this occasion',' ' after the hipso of" thirty:riirip years, her reception has /equalled that of Her previous visits, and alia / carries . away /with: lior u moat pleasant and affectiouato memory of tho timo she has spent in 'Ireland. The Queen .earnestly prays: that goodwill and harmony /may-' prevail among all her people and that. thoy. may bo happy and prosperous." The Ministei' of Defence has placed a sum on; his estimates for the, coming year, which he : oon.- sidors ndoquiitb; for! the! eqriipmeiit . of a large? number of extra riiounte'd riflenibii. , In, "!V the country districts a lot of young mon nro coming forward, anxious to join a mounted force.'- v The teacher in a Sunday school the ot her .day was much surprised at the answer slfe recoivod to the question, What- punishniont did Adam., receive for disobedience ? A bright five-year-old | girl, anxious to be first in her reply, at once, called .put.'. A-Wife,,!',. . .... . _ _ That the newspapers of tho world are using up the forests for their supplies of papor is-a well- known fnct, but there are probably fow people who .will' not he startled at the ahhtiurice- ' inent made by one of tlie' ohiof Now York papers, that its' Sundby .Easter nutiiber'would take all/ the wood of 40 acres of virgiri forest. This journal claims to use in its morning, and evening, j editions some. 11 acres of woodland, producing about 7000 feet to the acre On one day, there fore, something dike 280,000 foet of timber', is used for the supply of reading mattor to New York by this' one paper alone- ' ' - 1 One' of the happiest places of- the world is said to be Orsa, in Sweden.' ' The community: has, 7 in course of a generation, sold , nearly LI, 000, 000; worth, of. trees, and by .means of judicious repiaiitiiig has/ provided for a similar income every thirty ' or forty years. In conso- quonco of this commercial wealth there are no taxes. 1 Railways,! telephones,' etc., / are; free/ and so are school housos, teaching, and many other things. ' .- A young Irish pressman. Mr "W.B. Knox, formerly on the staff of| the 'Johannesburg; 'Star' did a plucky aud characteristic deed at the battle of Modder River; he being engaged to .follow the fortunesof the campaign on behalf of Reiiter's agency... It , rained bullets (says the' 'Gape Argust), and.a, man's only chance/ of1 safety/ was to. lie ;prone , upoii tlie ground. Ono un fortunate Coldstream, had his leg blown off, and; hastening to the .stretcher hearers,' " Mr Knox besought their aid in taking the wounded Tommy to the ambulance. Thoy hesitated. 'Wo shall- be all killed if we attempt ttie rescuo,1 was the answer. ' Knox gallantly volunteered to, take the lead if tho others would follow and, en-, couragod liy his example, the party made a dasli' for the Coldstream Guard whom/ they brought,;, to a place of comparative safety. ; 