CHAPTER IV. Mr. Sparrow had accepted tho invita- tion to spend Christinas Day with the Gildcrtons. He had of course calcu- lated on this as a certainty, and had it not been given he would have been under the painful necessity of inviting him- self. Christmas dinner lasted from 6 o'clock till half-past 7. At 8 Emily Jane and Annie had finished wash- ing up tho dishes, and at half - past 8 the little company gal herod on the ver- andah for a homely thal. Mr. Sparrow had been inexplicably quiet all the day. lie had said that he did not feel over well, but the fact was that he was anx- ious about the "ghost." Dumsou had undertaken to produce the spectre at die conventional hour. But what if Duni- son failed? What if the orang-outang jibbed? These and countless other possibilities of his plan misworking, crowded on top of each other in the law- yer's worried mind. But at 10 o'clock he roused himself. "It's time to start the ball rolling," he thought. "I must do something to keep them un till 12." STOCK' WATERING AT A POO I- OX THE MINILYA RIVER. fTIiis photograph, by " Coy arro," was awarded a special prize of il in the " Western Mail " l'.tOO Christinas compétition.] With this idea in his head, Mr. Spar- row precipitated himself into the conver- sation with an energy that surprised everyone. He had stored up a quantity of gruesome and awesome stories for tho occasion, and he fired these off with great rapidity-rather too rapidlv in fact, for they hardly affected his audience to the degree that he had anticipated. Ob- serving this, Mr. Sparrow curbed his vehemence, and noted, with a feeling of satisfaction, the dispiriting effect that his stories were gradually instilling into the minds of all except himself. Not- withstanding his every endeavour to '' keep going," at half - past ll he had fairly exhausted himself. Emily Jane now suggested retiring. "Oh no !" ejaculated Sparrow with great sudden- ness. "There is another 20 minutes before Christmas day is over. Let us enjoy the day while it is here. We won't have another for a long while." The Captain lit his pipe once more, and said, "You're quite right, my boy. We won't spoil the day for the s->ke of a few minutes." "Perhaps," said Annie, timidly. "Wil- liam will tell us that ghost experience of his own." "I've no objection," said Sparrow ; "but surely you have beard enough ghost stories for the one night ?" "Annie is insatiable," said her aunt. "No, I'm not, aunt : but I should like to hear just this one more," Mr. Sparrow looked at the time; it was almost 12. "Well, here goes," he said. "I told you that it happened at the house of poor old Frank Tiffer." "Spiffer, you said before," interrupted Annie. "Oh. of course." he answered, "Spif- fer I should have said. Poor old Spif- fer, he's dead now. He died onlv a few weeks ago. Ah me ! there were only Spiffer and Dunison and I left of the old set-and now there ure only Dunison and I. However, to proceed with thc stor;.. It was at Spiffer's house. Dunison wasn't there. I recollect he wouldn't come that time. He said he had a pre- sentiment thai .something horrid was going to happen. So he stopped away, and-" "Oh, do hurry up with thc story."' cried Annie. "You are a long time get- ting to the ghost." "All right, love; don't lie impatient Dumson and I-I mean Tiller-Spiffer I should say, were sitting on the verandah, as I said the other night when I started io tell this same story. I was at Spif- fer'- house. Did I mention that be- fore r" "You did-several times," replied An- nie, wearily. Sparrow looked at his watch, and then anxiously down through the garden. It was exactly 12. "Yes ; we were sitting on the veran- dah of Tif-Spiffer's house," he went on calmly, "talking of the day's sport, when simultaneously we both noticed a spect- ral looking thing-" At this point Sparrow broke off sud- denly, lie saw a sheeted figure flit along by the hedge at the bottom of the yard. The anxiously-looked-for moment had arrived, 'Heaven preserve us," iie groaned. "There it is again !" "What ?" queried Annie. For answer, Sparrow merely pointed with a palpitating finger, and then shud deringly buried his face in his hau ls. Stirred by excitement, Annie and Emily Jane rose from their chairs. The cap- tain made the same attempt, but he ad forgotten that his wooden les; was un- screwed, and fell heavily to the floor. Undeterred by the fall, the veteran scrambled to his leg. and, supporting himself by the verandah railing, peered ont over the creepers. Sparrow 'ifted his face from his hands, and noted that Emily Jane was on the verge of a faint and that Annie's cheek was bleached with fear, Breathlessly they stared at the thing in white, which moved about by the hedge with a slow, swinging, rhythmic motion, as though its immortal life were set to some weird tune. Then a strange thing happened. The apparition, ghost, goblin, spectre, sprite or whatever it was, began to jump and caper and toss its arms and legs about in a frenzied and most wonderful way. But apparently this diverting exercise was tiring even to a tissue-less being, for soon its limbs swung with less vehemence mid its capers became spasmodic rather than rhythmic. Spellbound, the little party in the house still gazed on, their nerves (all except Sparrow's) stretched to an abnormal tension. The captain's grizzled hair rose on end, and as it reach- ed its perpendicularity the captain found his tongue. "Yes. No, it can't be. . . ." he murmured. "Yes, it is, though. . , . Yes. by all that's holy-it's the ghost of Johnny Armstrong." "Oh ! oh ! oh !" shrieked Emily Jane. "Mv Johnny-my Johnny. . . ." "Fer-lop!!" It was the body of Emily Jane that "flopped." But nobody took any notice. With straining eyeballs the other three kept their attention fixed on the "thing." Now came the last act. the most un- rehearsed act that was ever enacted. A scream of frighful intensity pealed out on tho night air. Then followed a weird muttering, mumbling noise, that seemed to come from some undeterminable spot, and then with one terrific bound the "ghost of Johnny Armstrong" cleared the hedge and disappeared into Tomkinson's Haddock. Simultaneously the figure of a man sprang from behind a tree in the garden and bounded in pursuit. The climax was too much for thc gentle Annie. With a low moan she sank on a chair and burst into tears. Sparrow gave one glance ar her. and another at tho prone form ot Emily Jane stretched along the floor, and then dashed across the lawn and flower beds. Down the garden he raced, over the hedge he leapt, and found himself in the paddock. Before him. fifty yards away, he saw a struggling mass of black and white. It was Dunison and the orang-outang. Sparrow rushed to tho fray, and assisted lu's friend to tie the animal. "It was this way." Dunison explained . "I tied a rope around him for safety, lassoed him while he was in the cage. I held one end in my hand while I hid behind a tree, but the brute went away with such a jump that he toro the rope from me. The beggar stopped here to look around, otherwise I don't think I would have caught him in a century. I've been hanging to this rope like grim death-didn't feel in- clined to go near enough to let him grip me-just as well you came up-couldn't have held on much longer." Sparrow laughed. "Never mind," he said. "I reckon we've euchred the lady." As quietly as they could they proceed- ed to take the monkey back to his cage. They were just shoving him through the door when the captain hobbled up. Ex- planations necessarily followed. "But you'll keep it dark?" pleaded Sparrow. The captain grinned. "Anything to please you," he said. "Besides it would never do to let Emily Jane know that it wasn't Johnny Armstrong after all." So it happened that within a month from Christmas day, Mr. Soarrow, the rising young lawyer, led Annie to the altar. AU the time the narson was read in* the service Annie was blushing in an interesting way, Sparrow was trying his best to hide a smile of triumph, and Dumson as best man. was winking, wink- ing, winking up his sleeve. That night, alter leavintr the happy couple. Captain Gilderton went home in company with Emily Jane, and when Emily Jane had retired to rest the cap- tain sat bv the window, unscrewed his leg, and, assisted bv the flickering light of tho stars, carved upon the only vacant allotment left on the wooden adjunct to his anatomy, and in his verv best style, a grotesque representation of a sheeted orang-outang, couchant 1 