NEWS AND NOTES. CHILDREn's HOSPITAL CONCERT. Miss Boardin man's effort on behalf of the above promises to be as successful as it is unique, and next Tuesday nijrht should see a bumper house at the Me chanics.' Dr. Player will preside at the concert and La Feuillade's noted band will supply their usual first-class music for the ball. THES ST. KILDA lMAYORAITY.-A meeting of ratepayers has been held at St. Kilda, to consider the business and method of procedure in connection with the citizens' indignation meeting, over the late mayoral elect;on, when Major Hughes was elected, Cr. Allen's claims being slighted. It was resolved to ask several well-known citizens of the north, south, and west wards to speak to the following resolutions :-' That in the opinion of this meeting the action of the council in their'selection of the mayor be condemned. That this meeting disap proves of the action of certain councillors in voting against the councillor who should have held the mayoralship during the present term.' The requisite number of ratepayers having signed a petition, it now lies with the Mayor, waiting for him to deal with it. We (' St. Kilda Adver tiser') have authoritative information that the Mayor does not intend to com ply with the petitioners' request-which request further does not receive Cr. Allen's sanction or countenance. SUNBURY HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY. The sub-committee of the S.H.S. ap- pointed to arrange the prize schedule, which work they completed some time ago, met again at the Mechanics' on Tuesday night to consider the advisabil- ity of adding several sections to the list for which special prizes were offered by city nursery firms, and it was agreed that the sections be included. There were four committeemen present. A meeting of the general committee was convened to be held later the same even ing, to confirm the action of the sub committee, but only one gentleman Mr. G. G. Cumming-outside those al ready assembled, put in an appearance. The sub-committee therefore, with the assistance of Mr.. Cumming, who was elected chairman, were called upon to undertake the arduous task of confirm- ing their own action, and managed to perform it successfully. As no date had been fixed for closing the entries for the show, Tuesday, 13th November, was decided upon. At the last moment Mr. J. F. Mounsey arrived, but was too late to assist in the proceedings. The meet ing then adjourned. A PLEASANT FEATURE OF THE SHOW. It is pleasing to note that a number of exhibitors from this district have been successful at the Royal Agricultural So- ciety's Annual Show, and perhaps the one that will give most pleasure is the success of Mr. R. C. Evans, of Emu Bottom, Sunbury, whose exhibits in the sheep section have well repaid him for his trouble, and will increase his fame as a breeder of merinos. Sir Rupert Clarke met with the usual success that his ex hibits in all classes of live stock com- mand, and he is always a very dangerous opponent to meet. WEDDDING. -The wedding of Miss Naughton and Mr. James Poppleton, mentioned in our last issue, will take place at the Church of England next Wednesday. The Rev. C. E. Gayer will perform the ceremony. MAJOR F. HUGHES, the now Mayor I of St. Kilda, has been offered the chair manship of the St. Kilda Bench, and has accepted the honour. GosPErL TEM.ýPERANC SoctETY.-The anniversary of the local temperance soci ety was celebrated on Wednesday evening in the Presbyterian Cnurch, and not with standing a counter attraction in the Mechanics' Hall, was a pronounced suc cess. The Church had been tastefully decorated for the occasin by the ladies s of the Society with ferns and flowers, 3 Scripture texts being also conspicuously 5placed among the decorat;ons, the build ing presenting a very pleasing ap!pear ance. The President, Rev. C. Parker, r occupied the chair, and opened the meet e ilg wyith prayer. Miss MillQ, lecturer and organiser, of the Victorian Alliance, was present, and gave an interesting ad s dress on ' How the Liquor Traffic Hurts r the Children.' Miss Mills is a good speaker, and kept her addience deeply t interested, her remarks being attentitively listened to, the applause that followed when she resumed her seat showing that ' those present had appreciated and thor e oughly enjoyed the address. An excel If lent musical programme had been e provided, and was carried through in a manner highly creditable to all who took part, Mrs. Beardall presiding at the organ with her customary ability. The n following is the programme as rendered: d -Anthem, ' How Excellent,' choir; solo, ' Passing Away,' Miss Elsie Par kh in; song, 'The Shepherd's Song,' Band of Hope children : solo, ' Tile Re , fuge of the Soul,' Mr. S. Brewer; At quartette, ' Come Thou Fount,' Messrs. . C. Parker and T. Phillips, Mrs. Beardall i and Miss Walker; address, Miss Mills anthem, 'The Lord Shall Comfort Zion,' choir ; solo, ' Hosanna in Excelsis,' Mr. Phillips: action song, 'The King's re Brigade,' Band of Hope children ; solo, 3 'The Deathless Land,' Miss Phillips; n solo, ' The Deathless Army,' Mr. S. Brewer; anthem, ' Peace be Within Thy \- Walls,' choir. The Chairman moved a al comprehensive vote of thanks to those who had come from a distance to give e their help, and to all who had in any way assisted to make the entertainment a success. The vote was carried by accla Le mation, and the singing of the closing al hymn and the pronouncing of the Bene * diction concluded a very interesting and at pleasant meeting. At the close, the children were regaled with lollies kindly n given by Mr. Gilzlrrist, and the perform n ers enjoyed some light refreshment n thoughtfully provided by the ladies, Swhen all went home highly pleased with the evening's entertainment. r TH RArSAjx',. I? Su'suLBr.--The fall of rain during the week was not heavy e only 3-1 points being registered. Dur d ing last mouth s188 points were re h gistered. THE BULLA HOTEL.-Dnring the last twelve months the Bulla lHotel has had no less than five licensees and at present an application for another transfer is pending. The incoming lessee generally \- arrives with a blow of trumpets but the i absence of business utsually sees a flank t movement as soon as possible. Mrs. t Carney, who obtained a transftbr of the e- license a few weeks back, has left the e premises and was surmmoned to appear d at the Broadmeadows court yesterday ic for an infringement of the Trade Mark Act, in the matter of soielling inferior Sliquor or something of the kind. Mrs. Wt eeks is now applying for a transfer d from Mrs. Carney to herself. OBITUARY. - WE regret to chronicle the death of Mr. George Francis, of Evans-street Sunbury. The deceased, who was 73 years of age, has been a re sident for the past 7 years, and for nearly 4 years of that time has been an invalid. A general break-up is attributable for the he sad event, which occurred on Wednesday last. Mr. Francis, who is a brother of Mr. Henry Francis, a prominent citizen and J.P. of Port Melbourne, was a native of Cromer, England. He was a colonist for nearly half a century during which time he was engaged in grazing and farming pursuits, principally at Lockwood, until 20 years ago when he retired from active work. The deceased gentlemen's ill health added to a retiring disposition prevented him taking any active part in public affairs. -He leaves a widow, whose friends express much sympathy, and two sons at Deniliquin, and a daughter. The remains are to be conveyed to Melbourne this morning by the express and interred in the Melbourne General Cemetery. e DInGEs's REST TR.tN -SERVICE.-At n the last meeting of the Melton Council il- Cr. Bubeck expressed himself as dissat st isfied with the Digger's Rest train srvice which is certainly very inconvenient. d Although within the suburban iradius the re first train does not depart for the metro A polis until 10 o'clock. Cr. Bubeckl as moved that the Trnaffic Manager be ap n- proached. In seconding the motion Cr. b- Lock said that if the train that reached St. Albans at 7 a.m. was run to Digger's 1\. Rest three-quarters of an hour would be Ssaved. Cr. Lock also drew attention to 1o the absence of a loading platform at as Digger's Rest, stating that as a great to deal of hay and produce was loaded there a- the Railway Department should be ap to proached on this matter also.-Extract to from Gis. Gazette. r ENTERTAINMENT AT 1IIDDELL'S CnREEi is -The annual entertainment in aid of r. the R.C. school has been arranged by te the Rev. Father Gallivan to take place t- in the Mechanics' Hall, Riddell's Creek, on the 28th inst. EAST RIDING EraLCTIOS.-The extra ordinary vacancy in the East Riding of Gi the Shire of Bulla has boen filled by the sh unopposed return of Mr. W\i. Michie. pc A notification to this effect appears in wi our advertising cohtmns. Mr. Michie is in an old and highly esteemed resident of E SBlla, and may be expected to prove an M acquisition to the Shire Council. and an gi honour to municipal life generally. w Go)VERS-uxiS'T MIEDICAL OFFICER.- to At the time of going to press the ap- t pointment of a Government Medical ki Officer had not been made by the Puplic er Service Board. Their selection is an- as xiously waited for by Dr. O'Brieu's many friends. W RoYAL AaGRCULTTRAL SHow.-The following were amongst the prize-takers ai at the Annual Show of the Royal Agri- i cultural Sdciety :-Horaes : Filly-J. B Reddan, Bulla (Daisy), 3. Roadsters -Sir Rupert Clarke (Bounding Willow) h 1\. Mare-Sir Rupert Clarke 1st and champion ; Sir Rupert Clarke (Ivy), 3. Cattle : Shorthorn bull, 4 years.or over \--Sir Rupert Clarke (Duke of York II.), e, 3\. Bull. 2 years- Sir Rupert Clarke (Duke of Derrimutt, 77th), 1. Cow, 4 ii years or over, giving milk or in calf- t Sir Rupert Clarke, Ist and champion. Heifer, 1 year- Sir Rupert Clarke,: 1st and 4th. Group prize-Sir Rupert Clarke, 1. Ilerefords-H. Beattie took Sprizes for the following :-Bull, 8 years; r bull, 2 years; bull, year; cow, 4 years; heifer, 3 years ; heifer, 2 years ; heifer, . 1 year ; and group prize. Ayrshires : Heifer, 3 years, in milk-T. A..Grant, i SToolern ,Ada II., Glen Elgin), 1. Sheep: Ram, over 2- years-Sir Rupert Clarke, 1st and champion. Ram, undor S2, years-R. C. Evans (Little Hero) 2. d Ran under 11 years-R. C. Evans, 1 ; SSir Rupert Clarke, 2. Ewe, over 2| Syears-Sir Rupert Clarke, 3. Ewl , d under 1 years-Sir Rupert Clarke, 1 t and 2; R. C. Evans, 3. :Lincolun: Ram, 4-tooth-A. E. Porter, Toolern, 1\. Ram, 2-tooth-A. E. Porter, 1. Ewe--A. E. Porter, championship. a Leicesters: Ewe-- ir Rupert Clarke, 1. Ic Ewe and lamb-Sir Rupert Clarke, 1. SSir Rupert Clarke's Bolinda Vale 2 Stooth ewe also won the championship. . The Hunters' Plate was won by Mr. J. SA.. Jbhnston's Rochester. Mr. D. Brannigan's Polka and Mr. R. M'Don gall's The Crane also competed in this event. SUNBURY WATER SUPPLY.-The en Sgineers have been engaged during the 11 week making a survey and marking the . pipe track from the reservoir at Duggan's hill to the Hospital for Insane. We . understand that this is a separate main Sfrom the reservoir and that the township , and railway station.will be supplied with ; a distinct main, a survev for which will S probably be the next work undertaken by Sthe engineers. a SIR RUPET CLARKE, like the 13 se other members of the Legislative Council :e whose turn for re-election came round ay the other day, has been duly returned a unopposed, and returns thanks in another a- column for this implied expression of ig continued confidence in him by the elec e- tors of the Southern'Province. After id the official declaration at Brunswick,the le Mayor entertained Sir Raperb and a ly number of gentlemen at the Brunswick m- Town Hall, where, in response to the ant toast of his health, Sir Rupert said that es, he felt exceedingly proud at being again th returned: unopposed to represent the Southern Province in the Legislative Sll Council, which position had been filled y by his late father for so manyyears. He ,r- had been pleased to hear complimentary e- reference made to the Australian natives, and he assured them that the Australian ct colonies were very highly complimented ad upon their action in sending troops to the South African and China wars. t (Applause.) He had done his mite when in England recently to accomplish the federation of the Australian colonies. SSome members of Parliament in the mother country seemed to be.under the s. false impression that the people of Aus e tralia desired t6 sever their connection1 e with the old land, but he had disabused ar their minds of that fact as well as he a had been able to. (Applause.) The toast of ' Janet Lady Clarke' was also honoured. fer MONTHLY SALE.-On Saturday last Messrs. Abbott and Wilson held their e monthly sale of cattle, etc., at the Royal Hotel yards, but the weather being very bad the yarding was only moderate. A large number of buyers, however, were present, and high prices prevailed. The y following sales were effected :-Spring he rs, forward, to £7; backward to £6/2j6; fat cows, to £6710/; atore cows at £3. ay At this sale all the horses in the estate Sof the late J. Beaty, son., were sold at highly satisfactory prices. Unbroken Scolts, up to £22": 2 year-old fillies, £13; a old horses, to £16. LicCErsiIxr COUnTS.-A sitting of the Licensing Court for the districts of Sun he bury, Riddell's Creek, Gisborne, Wood end, Cnipmipaspe, Kyneton, Lauriston; SMalmmshtr'y, Taradale, Carlsruhe, ;New ham East, and Emberton, will be held on , l Tuesday, 11th inst., at 10 a.m. A ch sitting of the Licensing Court for the „ districts of Broadmoandows, Bulla, Tulla b marine, etc., will b, hold at Broadmead y ows on Saturd1ay, 15,hl inst. ci Srlin, TxoNI',r s.-The following ten ders for the conster',t.ioni of a. clvert on Nt the Castlomaine-road. neiar Townsing's, cil have been dealt with by Councillors J. D_ . Starkio and .1. F. Mounsey, as auth ce orised by the Bulla Shire Council : t .T. Cahill, £55 > ';; IH. Austin, £59 i 17/5; M. Erskino, .0; P. Murphy, '- £62,11/. Mr. Cahill's tunder was ao l; cepted. p. To THE DA.?F.-A rich ladIy, cured of r. her Deafness and No,ies in the Head by d Dr. Nicholson's Artificial Ear Drums. ' gavoe .£,000 to his Institute, so that deaf be people unable to procure the Ear Drums to may have them free. r. 4-Address N. 99D, at The icholson Institute, Longcott, Gun nat nersbury, London, W. Wre 7TY have roeeived the cnrr'nt number p- of the ' Harbinger of Light,' the organ ct of the Melbourne Spiritualists. There are sonme well-written articles, containing sr much food for 'retldetion. of Ti Sruo.-Tno attention of those by concerned is directcd to an adrcrtise bce ment in anoth .r column notifying that ik, the stallion Marvel will stand this season at the Bald Hill Hotel, Buttlejorrk, A BIT WIDE OF THE MARK.--Our1 Gisborne contemporary's zeal rather over shot his prudence, and left his guessing powers a miserable wreck in connection with his report of the Rev. G. A. Rob inson's lecture on Wednesday night. Evidently having been supplied with the NIS. beforehand, our friend was able 'to give accurate details of the lecture, but with regard to the singers, etc., he was tempted on to the quicksands of vaticin atioil, and sank therein. For instance, knowing that Mr. Myers generally gets encored, he replorts his song,' The Ghost,' as having been so honored ; but if it was -well, our own scribe must have been worshipping at the State-school pump when the encore arrived. Miss Ryan's recitation, ' A Military Execution,' was also the occasion for an encore, accord ing to our contemporary. Then ' The Barrister' is stated to have been similarly honored. So far the Gisborne scribe ) has done remarkably well, but in his next effort he surpasses himself. He says : 'At Father Robinson's request, r who considered he was sufficiently thank ' ed by the attendance, there was no vote a of thanks to the lecturer, but the gather ing manifested its sense of the great treat afforded by giving three hearty:: cheers for the performers'! Really;:our? it friend' has mistaken his .vocation ; he ought to have been a war correspondent. Our Gisborne friend's eagerness to score '; reminds us of a one time Victorian editor ;i whose sporting reporter was away 'on r, his own.' He found that tips were re quired for some forthcoming races, and, t, knowing nothing about the game, drew 1\. the names out of a hat, assisted by the rt office devil. Three came off, and the )r boss was delighted.. Subsequently, when 2\. more races were on, and the sporting reporter was again away, the editor de cided to repeat the process; but this ' time the devil went back on his chief. 1 The imp cut a list out of an old paper, and the boss next day confidently tipped three that were never entered, two that . "rere defunct,. six months previous, and, Sone outlawed for life a year back. ILLNr, s.--Mr. Gus Ford has so far recovered from his sharp attack of '*on gestion of the lungs that he has been about during the week, and came in for I congratuilations from his many friends. aMr. John Anderson has been in very n indifferent health lately and is still look is ing as if a change and rest from business cares, rendered heavier by the recent ill n- ness of his son, .Mr. J. R. Anderson, he would not do him any harm. The Rev. he C. E. Gayer has been suffering from what 's he thought was an attack of influenza 4e since Monday and at the time of going in to press he was still confined to bed, iP his medical adviser having diagnosed the th case as pneumonia. Mrs. R. M'Dougall's ill friends will be pleased to know that she by returned from the Alfred Hospital by the mid-day train on Thursday, where 13 she has been under several operations cil within the past six weeks excising de ad ceased bone from the skull. With care ed and attention our readers should have ter the pleasure of seeing Mrs. M'Dougall of about again short'y. We are sorry to [c- learn that Mr. R. Mon say is under the ter doctor's care. 'Mrs. Gamble had a rather ;he a severe turn during .the week, but at a latest her condition was showing an im ick provement. the CREAMERY REITURS.--The fllowing' lat returns have been received from the' sin Rupertswood Butter Factory for the the week ending September 7, yesterday : ive 3805 gallons of milk, representing ap led proximately 16561b. of butter; 11051b.. Re of cream, representing 570 lbs. of butter,. iry The Oaklands Creamery forwarded cream es, from 1700 gallons of milk, representing an 7391b. of butter. Total outputofbut~er, ed 29651b. to Misr.TO CouxcIL ME?s.-Cr. Rob rs. inson was elected president and the usual ien allowance fixed. Mr. Wood's tender for he a brick culvert at the Gap at £9/10 was : Cs. accepted. Notice of intention to strike :he a 1/ rate was given. The road leading the to the Gap Post Office is to be repaired. s- A letter from the Inspector of Nuiaances on which stated that until part of the Police:. ed Offences Statute was extended to the he shire it was useless taking action re? he drains, etc., oaused some discussion,,and iso the matter is to be referred to the conn oil's solicitor.-From the 'Gisborne Ga ast zette.' eir ' TnHE ReVIEW OF RvIws s.'-- The yal August nunmber of this periodical is a irV particularly interesting one, special ar A ticles being devoted to China and the are Boer War. In addition to these, the he principal magazines, periodicals, etc., are g- reviewed, and there are as usual a large 6; number of illustrations. The 'Review 3\. of Reviews' can be obtained from the t Sunbury agent, Mr. J. Boardman. TENDBRS.-Mr. . G. G. Cumming an- nounces in our advertising columns that tenders will probably be called shortly for the cartage of the firewood to be supplied to the Rupertswood Mansion, tenders for which closed on Wedneday last. 