TIE SFEI YTELLEIIt - H·ER SOLDIERi LOVER Some weeks had passed away, and there were signs of spring in the heavens, the air, the fields, and the woods. The swallows began to build, and the thrush and blackbird to sing a'wild'melody. The Rectory was in a little flutter of expectation. Arthur Field ing was- comming home, and Margaret' was rather curious to see'the youth about whom she had heard so much, ,whose work had both repelled axil fascinated her. The time had passed uneventfully. She had perused a score of novels, and had. followed the miovoments of-the Royal Blues, as recorded in the newspapers. A- n -engagement was expected in a few days, but that did not interest her particularly. Had not Daicy strongly deprecated the idea of there being any danger in a brush with the ' niggers.' After a wearisome spell of rain and blustering winds, a marvellous change had ?ccurred in- the weather. 'The air had ; become soft and warm, the skiesas blue as theblue-bells hiding in-the woods; the rush ing streams had become purling brooks, the roar of the "tall trees a soft nigh of sweet o content.' . Early one morning Margaret noted the sudden change; she had b.en awakened by the mad chattering of many birds, and as she gazed from her window her heart bounded with gladness. There came to her dreams of daffodils, cowslips, anemones. 'How dull she had.been for many long days. There'had been no visitors of the Rectory. Lord Greville was in town! He had been I called away upon urgent business for one week, and had remained three.-. Margaret had almost forgotten his existence. There had been absolutely nothing to do, except to listen'to the prosing of the Rector, or to accompany Jessie upon her, daily round \- among the poor of her father's flock. Mar- Sgaret had no desire to spoil her pretty frocks ..:in the rain and the mud, and she detested poverty in'any and every shape. - So she had read many books, and dreamed of the past and the. future. There were times when she had felt utterly miserable. Her .young life appeared to be wrecked, her free . dom was gone. Then came this day of warm winds and golden sunsbine. Margaret dressed hastily, and went down stairs. Jessie was already breathing the .fragrance of the early morning,, and called joyously to her friend. 'Primroses I . There are thousands wait ing to be gathered in yonder bit of wood land:; I am so glad -that we have at last a 'foretaste of the joyous days to come ! I Sant to make home bright and beautiful, Margaret, so you must help me. Arthur ;will be here to-day' Arthur ! It 'was 'always Arthur now. :- The Rector and his wife had unlimited faith in the goodness ahd genius of their son, but `p:i practical Jessie was doubtful as to his future. H ow could they afford him two years' study in France and Italy ? And, if failure came after it all, his sensitive heart would be crushed. Ah, far better if he could be pre vailed upon-to follow ia the quiet certain ways of his father i The primroses were gatlgjed-large bunches of theni--and placed upon the breakfast- table.' The merry laughter of the girls rang sweet and clear in the fresh crisp air. They were flitting about the garden in search of floral surprises. Everywhere the face of the earth 'was bursting-tiny green and yellow heads struggling through to bask in the mellow sunshine. Suddenly Jessie uttered a sharp little scream, and Margaret saw that she was in the-arms of a tall youth, who had sprung unexpectedly into the middle of the path. S'Arthur, how you startled me,' cried Jessie. ' How on earth did you get hero at this time of the morning P ' 'Got to Redland Station last night, but the werither was so wild that I couldn't got a .conveyancel I slept at Redland, and have walked here in the first sunshine which has blessed the land for weeks I ' : 'What- seven miles, and no breakfast, I suppose ? ' ' That's it exactly, and enjoyed every bit of the way I The carrier will bring my traps over. This will be a surprise for dad 4 au 3 the mater.' 'Oh, how rude and forgetful I am !' cried ! Jossle. ' Margaret-Mrs Lynden-this in my brother Arthur. Arthur - ' ? But Maargrot had stepped forward, arril- l jug, and Arthur Fielding pressed her fingers war nlyu? '?You seem like an old friend already, Mrs. fr Lynden. In the last four weeks I've had at' 'nj least twenty letters from home-from dad, 0 the mater, and Jessie-and every one of se them hs cortained some reference to you. They all sing your praises. Then Greville- L you know Lord Greville ? He was just p leaving Eton when I went there-awfully at clever chap !-seemed to learn everything without trying-well, he came down from ac London with me last night-we put up 5( together at Rodland, and walked home b together this morning. Even he began talking about you, so I can't feel that you tl are a stranger.' y Margaret's face grew., wprm under the young man's ' admiring gaze, and Arthur a Fielding blushed alittle also. He thought j, that he had never beheld a woman so sweet n aind fair before, and the knowledge that she I was a bride aroused in him a strong feeling of irritation. His brow clouded moment- t arily ; then he laughed, and Margaret saw . that he had. perfect teeth. How sensitive " his mouth was-how white the lofty brow, over which- strayed ringlets of fair curling hair-how soft were the smiling blue eyes ! It was a soft soulful -face-hardly the face for a man in this work-a-day world. ' What good friends you two are all at once,' cried Jessie..... ' She will be for ever sacred. to.. me I ' thought .the. young painter. ' Married ? Yes- Jessie, particularised the shamely story clearly enough...; This -CaptainLynden was not a -man, to enchain a girl and then leave, as he did. 'I.Ponder if she caged for him?. ;' .IThey' went into the house, and Arthur ran up-stairs to his own room.- He knew that everything would have been placed ready for him by loving thoughtful hands-if not Jessie's, 'their?his mother's. ? He sang snatches of songs loudly, so that the:. whole housei beiard him, and'when he went down sitairs fifteen minutes later his father and \- mother were awaiting him in the breakfast, room:;-. He kissed both, fondly, impulsively ; Margaret's 'presence caused no restraint, and her heart hungered for such love as that,. The breakfast began amid a rapid flow of conversation, and Arthur's happy. voice seemed to fill the room with music. "I dor't want to think "about work of any 'kind for a month or two dad,' he. said. e ' Spring. is here, the summer is coming,, and the world is all before me I It is good to be home once more, and I wish that I could stay for always. . Did I tell youe that Grev ille promised to look in this afternoon ?- His sister, Lady Natalie,: is coming to the Hall in a day 'or' tvo with- her chaperoni.. " Iexpect that they will soon be migrating to town for the season.'- L' . .' . , '', e 'There would be nibreasoni'for you to d leave home again, Arthur,i ifyou followed in father's footsteps,' remarked Jessie quietly. The lad's face flushed and paled;' and the s Rector frowned: : ' You are wron'g there, Jessie,' Arthur I said. ' For one branch of study Ihave i neglected all others. I know that you think I am only a dreamer-that my. ideals 'are mere chimeras of the brain but I love my d art ; 1 am fit for nothing else ; I must paint. I thought that I might flmake a little money by writing for the magazines while per fecting my natural hent, but I cannot eon e contrate my thoughts upon such work as that." He sighed, and added bitterly. 'My absurd dream-pictures will always obtrude I'. e Margaret looked sympathetic, and his eyes Y flamed. [' What do. you think of my brother.?' Jessie asked when they were alone. r Margaret-looked up in surpise-the ques i tion was put so abruptly. S ' I have not known him long enough-to hazard an opinion,' she replied. 'But you have an impression.' Arthur e impresses everybody at once, 'L t ' Well,' smiled Margaret,' I think that e he is a very uncommon sort of young man' \--adding naively-' not that my experience 0 has been-xery large' I He has a remarkable .face and beautiful dreamy eyes. He is also clever, I should imagine.' ' Yes-he is clever,' Jessie said thought fully ; ' but he is only half a genius. My father's and mother's hopes are based upon ahis success in life, and I fear for the result. They do not see'as I see them. In a little r while you will know how egotistical my brother is, and I want to ask you not to see his failings. He has already conceived, a great friendship for you. You would hardly believe that under his quiet demeanour there lurks a nature both passionate. and revengeful. His educatiou has already drained our resources ; and now he talks : of studying in Paris, Florence and Strasburg l' Margaret did not reply. Lord Greville arrived, in the afternoon and made himself particularly agreeable to beautiful Margaret. His conversation was brilliant when he chose to exert himself his manners were fascinating. Mrs Lynden was intercsted in the young Earl, because hlie was the brother.of Lady.Natalie Greville ~-the woman whom her humtsbandmight have married. She wondered if Lord Greville had been Darcy's friend; at any rate, the young men must have' known each other intimately. 'You have an estate at Ferndale, in Corn wall, I believe, Lord Greville ?' Margaret questioned. 'Yes, a small place. nMy father preferred it to Greville Hall. Why do you ask, may I inquire ?' He fixed his dark eyes upon her'fair face. 'I have heard my husband-I have heard Captain Lynden speak of it,' stammeied Margaret. ' I believe that he was a friend of your family.' The young Earl was amused, but he hid his amused face under a smile. ' I have not the honour of Captain Lynden's acquaititance,' he said, ' Probably my father knew him. I never heard him spoken of, though. Margaret reddened from vexation. There was a touch of banter in Lord Groville's tone Had Darcy wilfully deceived her ? It does not slgnify,' she roplied haughtily "' Possibly I have confounded names and places.' 'I .have a treacherous memory also,' said I the Earl, smiling. He adroitly changed the conversation 1 Margaret's weak . point discovered, he chmjrmed her with stories of his travels, which were more or less coloured. Her lovely face became animated, her eyes 3 glowed. This was the world of her dreams. You have travollbd a great deal yourself, r Mrs Lyndon ?' , r 'Oh no! I should love to do sol I Whst r _lmttle knowledge I possess has been derived I from books. It. is not satisfying to rpest, upon one man's' or woman's inipressionai b One wants to see all such things for one's v self. I have never been anywhere.' n Lord Greville was acquainted with Mr Lynden's history, but he ejaculated a sym pathetic " Really !' Her plaintive tone. n stirred the best blocd in his veins. a He had never met a woman in his order v so refreshingly beautiful as this poor a school-teacher-the girlish wife of a beggarly soldier. I dangerous woman to flirt with,' he t thought-' so innocent, so unworldly I And t yet I cannot help myself.' ' Mrs Lynden.' he said, ' Arthur Fielding and I have been arranging a little picnic, jast among ourselves, you know ; and I do i not see why it should not come off at once. I The sun is delightfully warm now, and I a am sure that you will be interested in the treasures of Greville Hall. My sister Lady 1 Natalie Greville, is coming down here for a i short time, and she will be delighted to known you.' Margaret. shivered slightly. ' I am deeply interested in young Field ing,' the Earl continued. 'I have no belief in his sunsets and seascapes ; I want him to try his hand at portrait painting and the idea of the picnic was to get him to visit the Hall, where -he can inspect many perfect examples of the art. One has to approach him carefully, or he flies off at a tangent !' 'You-are kind,' Margaret replied. .' The I picuiowill be delightful.': Her eyes were so eloquent of thanks that his face flushed and paled.' ' And the treasures of the Greville also, I t hope,' he said smiling. ' We have a Moorish t chamber nearly four centuries old.:' Unfor; tunately there is no ghost The Grevilles g have always been peaceably disposed to. 0 wards each other, , so that, 'there is no ' unhappy' spirit to perambulate the upper d storeys.' Margaret laughed merrily. She was be-. ginning-to like the young Earl. His' .kind t, thoughtfulness regarding Arthur Fielding ' appealed to her igesistibly. ' I am piartlulairly inter.ested in your f efforts to assist Mr Fielding,' she said. .' I e know that his-family are very anxious about him. It will cost them so much if he must y g abrord to study. and those sunsets I. ' Yes those sunsets of his might have been d conceived by Don Quixote.' Lord" Greville o smiled --indulgently. 'He might make Id money by designing street placards; but \- canvas and good paints are expensive.' - s They both laughed. -. - . L I I shall speak to the Rector about our t picnic,' the Earl resumed. ' Do you stay or long-at. Eastcote, Mrs Lyndep ' -, ' Yes-that-is, I hardly know,' Margaret ; replied, coloring. ' My husband-' SOf course, how stupid of me. Captain Y. Lynden will take you away when this re wretched little war is over.' He sighed audibly. . That will be in perhaps three tr perhaps six months.' re At that moment Arthur Fielding entered k the room. e 'I wondered what had become of :you, y Greville.' His brows contracted. t. 'We have been talking about' the picnic,' y drawled his lordship. r- 'Oh!' \- 'Mrs Lynden is charmed with the idea; 68 and it now only remains for us to fix the *y date. I am sure that we shall have a most I'. enjoyable day.' 8 ' 'The weather is treacherous at this time of the year,' Arthur said doubtfully. His P' hands were thrust deep into his pockets, his gloomy eyes were fixed upon Margaret's f- lushed face. 'Nonsense, man. We shall not be more o than a stone's throw from the Hall. Do you Simagine that I intend running any foolish .r risks?' ' Oh, just as you please, Greville.' :I am, it not a spoil-sport; I was thinking of some a' thing else.' - . :: e 'Then let, it be this day week, if the date Ssunits the Rector.' 10 And thus the matter was finally settled. Lord Greville stayed to dinner. ' HBe felt t- that it-was hard to tear himself away from y the Rectory, and wondered what madness a had seized him....... t. ' ' Am I in love with another man's wife ? ' -e he thought, and laughed cynically. `' She, a y poor little school-teacher-he, a beggarly e soldier.- -Pshaw.' a - "_ 