The Yellow Domino By M. Mornus. CHAPTER XI. — (Continued.) Tliroo mouths passed away before Sir Hastings aud Lady Warminster took possession of thoir new home. ' Welcome, doarost wifo, to my home,' ho said, grasping hor hand aud putting hie lips fry )wtf Krntsf She did not shrink away, nor try to free his hand, and ho felt his heart beating with tho agitation of hopo. ' Hastings,' sho said falteringly, and with downcast oyos, ' wo— we must try and get on a littlo better, and bo happy together. Perhaps wo oan — now.' VH| UUllllUIUUj At Jr Ult uutv Allow WUDb suoli words are to mo ! he said, a doop flash coming on his dark okeek, his eyes glowing i down upon hor. Sho looked np, almost startled by the emotion on his faoa. 'I will do my best, Hastings ; I havo made np my mind to — do it-' Sho was just ailing enough and weak - enough not to bo avorso for others to choose for her ; hut to him her answer and hor tone sounded as if she oonsidored one plaoe was as good as another, hb it was not likely that she would foel happy unywhore ; and it caused him tho first keen disappointment that he had felt Binoo thoy had taken np their abode at ' The Oonrt.' However, ho would not allow himsolf to ho down-hearted about this and fooling realty hopoful that tbo obango would bo bonofioial to hor, be began to maho all tho necessary arrange ments at ouoe, with evident pleasure and onergy. Nothiug could be more innooent, and nothing, as it proved, oould havo boon more unfortunate. She obsorvsd his anxiety to take hor away, his interest in all the details, and it amused hor and pleased her then. On tho journey to Tonby Hho was rather quiet aud silent, bat it was only facoanse she wuh thoughtful and rather solf-rcproaohfal. Als slio watohed him that day as they travelled, her mood was tenderer towards him than it hud been sinoo their rnptnro. After all, hho was thinking how good ho was, bow kind and thoughtful, how per- savoring in his attentions, and how patient with all her diaagroeablo moods and tempers. Many anothor man would have tired of it all long beforo. He wonld have' oeasod trying to please her, trying to peranade her that ho loved her ; perhaps would have grown cold and augry. Her eyes wore closed as she sat In het oornor, but ho saw that she was not sleeping, and ho wondered what her thoughts oonla bo to make her faoe look so sweet. ' Here we are, darling,' ho said, breaking in upon thorn suddenly, and in a moment or two the train stopped. Ho got out first, helpod her, and then sue stood atone tor an instant whilo he went buok into tho oompartmont for her shawl' and rug. It wus dusk, somebody passed by her rather too closely, touohod her, begged her pardon, and passed on without observing v/lio she was. At the Bound of the voioo Geraldino's heart stopped beating. That sentence, hurriedly though politely said, was uttered by MrB Mosoloy and no other. Sho felt her face flame with indignation jnst as hor husband joined her. Wae this why ho ohoso Tenby of all othor pluaos ? ThiB why ho had boon so eager and eo interested ? Conld he have known that the Mosoleys would bo thore that autumn ? If so, sho thought to herself, paling as muoh as Bho had previously flushed, of what ' benefit wonld this sou ohunge be ? The drivo to the hotel was not a long one, bnt long onongh for her to resolve :that-her tender thoughts had perhaps been pre mature, and that she wonld wait and watch a littlo before unburdening herself of those fow words whioh she had foolishly thought were alone neoded to make permanent peaoe between them. CHAPTER XII. Timo dragged on hat slowly at the sea- sido for : Sir Hastings as well as for Lady Warminster, and Sir Hastings was glad to get baok to Park Street. Ono evening, when Sir Hastings War minster was sitting alone in his honse, a telegram was pat into his bands. As a rifle, auok things ilid not render him the least uneasy, but this ono he took with a sadden fear at his heart. He turned pale, his Augers trembled, aud ho broko it opon with hesitation. It oaroo from Tonby, and tho sender, to his surprise, wus Stephen Moseley. The words wero fow, but more than enongh to justify tho four aud dread with whioh he . hud rocoivod it. Lady Warminster has met with an aooidont. If yon are in London, oome at once. OHLPTER XIII. 1 Boforo dawn,' Sir Hastings was by his I wifo'b bodsido, bnt no reoonoiliation oould I tako plaoo justthon, for Goraldino was too : ill to liood even !or bolovod husband. Tbo Rays hni oomo with him, " and from Stophon M080I0; they hoard an aooonnt of what had oooilrod' It appeared tie houd- waitor at the hotel ohsorvod that, ilthoagh thoro was a dense fog aoming np, Ludy Wnrininstor had not returned, and ao oommunichtod tho foot to tho proprietor. Mr Mosoloy ohanoed to hear this, and iu joiuod tho party who went to seek hor. Ii his hoart ho knew full woll that Sir Hnstbgs and Lady Warminster wero in sad dsunion, and that his wife, Viola, was in snno way to blaino for it. He said nothing if this then, but Hastings guessed by his Banner that ho had been glud to do all he ootid as atonement for his wife's wrong-doing. Thoy hod fomd Goraldino lower down on tho cliff than ttoy had oxpooted, inBonsible, and with a sligit out on hor temple. Sho must havo attonptod to roaoii tho top, and in tho dorknosi have hit herself against a jogged and pnjooting piooo of stono, and this had oansod hor to fall. Bnt, with pro vidential moroj, hor fall was broken, and instood of bohg preoipitatod into tho sea, sho fell into i hollow oavo below her. Either then, <r subsequently, sho had fainted,, and it that oondition thoy fonnd her. Thoy tool hor baok to tho hotel, hut foverish symptons sot in at onoo, and boforo that night was tvor hor lifo was in danger. Mrs Ray troldher, word for word, as Sir Hastings had told it to hor, tho wholo history of the Stake's mistake and all that it had entailed tpon tho yonng man. Goraldino wm so silant that Mrs Ray oould not toll how she had takon the rovelation; ' Pbor Hastings 1' she said pro- ' ? 1 . vuiuu, wjjbi a terriuiu position for him. It was good and generons of him not to tell mo. Perhaps from him, and jnst at thai moment, it wonld not have holped'tu to bo happier. Dear papa I what a painful mistake 1' Then Goraldino, as the whole episode oamo vividly beforo her imagination, turned hor houd away, and ' ovor tho omaoistad oonntenanoe from nook to brow a faint dull rod arose and spread. Sho had betrayed hor unsought love, then, to her dear father, and ho had betrayed it to Hastings? Sho had boon forood npon him, and in that momont of sbamo and pain sho understood woll why Hastings had not told hor. He bad boon too manly and too ohivalrous, and of two ovils had ohosen in preferonoo to remain, to all appearanoos, blaokor than ha was. ' Dearest Gtraldine,' said Mrs Bay, in alarm, ' Hastings was right, after all, and I onght not to have told yon-' Bat that moment of agony was ovor, onoe and for all. She turned her head baok, and seemed calm. ' Stoop down and kiss me, Katie. On the contrary, thank you, dour, for telling me. I boo that I should nover have hoard it from him, but it will help ns now to start onr lifo again better still than wo' shonld havo done. As yon said, that ghost is laid for ovor now.' 1 She sluopa now, Hastings, so—' ' Yon havo bosn there an immonse time,' ho said jealously. ' Yes ; bnt 1 don't think I have done her any harm. ' You shall soo hor very soon. I will go book and wutoh hor, and toll yon the instant she awakes,' she said, gladly leaving him, for she intendod that from Geraldine and not from her ho shonld loam tho sabjoot of their conversation. 1 Oh, thank you, Ratio ; yon aro so good,' be said, brightening and seeing her to the door. Bye and hyo, Ratio Ray, with qniet footfall slipped oat of tho siok room onoe more, this time to tell the impatient husband that he oould now go to cho doarly-lovad wife who had j net been enatohed from death . She found him in tho passage, where, with agitated breath, ho had been waiting foi half an hour. A sign was sufficient, and then the door olosed with him and he found himsolf alono with Goraldino. Sho stsotohed out hoe weak arms towards him, and he went to her and put them round him, and he hold her np againBt him. ' 4 Oh, my darling 1' he said, 4 thank Heaveu for this moment— for the boon of your life and ior tho return of yonr love.' 4 My love nevor went, Hastings ; it wits always yours, dearest husband, though I may not have shown it. I have been wrong, unjust, hard. I don't deseive this ; yon bad every right to bo angry.' Then, with broken words, she told him all the details of that last day, when he left her iu anger- 4 Say it, Hastings ; let me hear yonr dear lips toll me from your hoart that you oan forgive me. Oh, beloved husband ! if yon oannot— — ' ' 4 My darling, my own — you oonfnse.me, pain me It is not for me to forgive, it is ' 4 It is,' sho said, with pitifni eagerness. 1 Tbo past is dead, Hastings, forgotten, for given ; it you wish to hear this from me, but for my hardness, for ' ' Beloved wife, eolm yourself and say no more. I forgive yon, though Heaveu is my witness that I say this to oomfort yon, and that thero is, aud never has been, exoepting for that brief momont when I left yon, any - thing in my heart aguinst you ; on the oon- trary, nothing bnt love and pity, and infinite yearning for this blessed moment of perfeot understanding and unity.' Then ho folded her in hie arms onoe again, and ho felt no shame that a mole tore fathered in his eyos and fell in one or two cops on tho sweet, tearful fauo upturned' to Ms. I Not that day, bnt a littlo later, Geraldine told her hnsband of Katie Rsy'a revelations to her, and then, seeing somothing in his laoo, oho stopped him from speaking. > No, Hastings, not a word against hor, or to her. She mount well und nhn rttd wall and iu my hoart is everlasting gratitude to hor. The story oame best from hor, dearest,'; in faot, you would never have told it to me, probably being .too generons and too oon- eiderate. Darling papa, it is well that he does not know what, in all innooonoe, bis mistako brought npon ds both.' 4 And yet, Geraldine. ' he began, searching her eysB. . As their glanoes met, they knew then that neither of. them . wonld have had the past nnduno. Their lovo, thoir happiness, tlioir perfeot trust, mora than compensated for it all. Not even to have boon spared ,the mis- understandings,. , the . strife, the misery of those last few months would thoy have been without , one another,, would they havo relinquished the unutterable joy of the pre sent, the peauefal seoarity of the futnre. Tub End. The railways bring into London about 80.000,000 gallons ot milk per annum. It was threo oenturios ago in Florenoe that the .first grand opera was prodnoed. ' There are nearly 250,000 more men than women in Australia, and in Now Zealand slso women aro in a minority. Broad-headed horses aro tho oloverost. In tho Household oavulry the horses with troad foreheads learn tbeirdrill more quiokly than the others. Even the Japs appreoiato the value of printer's ink. The Mikado's Government ias appropriated £8,000 to be expended in idvortieing in Atnerion the merits of Japanese tea. Glass brioks aro boiug made extensively ibroad. They aro blown with a hollow jentre oontaining rarefied air, and uro said to be as strong and durable as olay brioks, jwhilo freoly admitting light. There aro said to ,be more windows in Franco than in any other oonntry. 