SENSATIONAL SHOOTING . AFFAIR. . A. sensational shooting affair is re ported from Glen Innes. Mrs. Charles M 'Carthy sued George Smith, of Glencoe, for the maintenance of her illegitimate child. The case lasted the' whole day, and was dismissed. Immediately nfler- l wards, M'Carthy, the plaintiff's husband, i mot Smith 011 the courthouse verandah,, j and drawing a revolver, fired two shots in rapid succession at him. Both bullets . missed, the second embedding itself in tho door of the ciurt, through which Smith was running. M'Carthy pursued .him, and .his appearance in the court, revolver in hand, caused nearly every body to seek shelter elsewhere. Senior- constable Bitten rushed at the infuriated man and caught him by the arms. The i revolver was taken from him, and he | was then locked up. The parlies arc | related. THE FORCES ENGAGED. I London, Feb. 2. I In replying to a question in the ' House of commons last night Mr. Georgo , Wyndham, Under-Secretary for War, stated that by the middle of February there would he 180,600 troops in South Africa, including 7073 Canadians and Australians, and 26,000 Natal and Capo troops.- The total number of mounted men would bo 37;800. - | The British and colonial forces would I also have by the same date 452 guns, j 110 being heavy guns and the i-est field ; pieces. , . I It was estimated that tho Boers had 60,000 men, with 110 guns, prior to the , issue of President Kruger's ultimatum, j SHOCKING RAILWAY FATALITY | A shocking railway fatality occurred at Mary Vale, five miles from Welling- ; ton, about half-past 10 o'clock 011 I Thursday night, a fottler named Angus M'Millan and his daughter, Miss Kate j M'Millan, being killed. M'Millan and his daughter had just returned from Wellington, and shortly after M'Millan walked on the railway line, which is immediately in front of. the house. A special passenger train was at this time approaching, which Miss M'Millan heard, and, seoing her father in danger, rushed out of the house and attempted to save him. The train, however, knocked both down .and passed oyer them- Both bodies were mutilated most horribly. . AFTER A BATTLE. The following is an extract from the letter of a private " One of our fellows was talking to a parson who went over the battlefield of Elandslaagte a day after the fight. He says there were terrible sights, the most awful of which as a Boer sitting down quite naturally, with a bayonet clean through him, and about six inches of the muzzle of the rifle as well, while the Tommy who had given the mighty thrust was lying down as if asleep, with a small bullet hole in his forehead. The Boer was grasping the barrel of the rifle with both hands, and his eyes were star-, ing out straight in front of liim with a horrified look in them, as if he had soon a ghost. 