LOCAL AND GENERAL q- ? Shipping Note. — The Norwegian barque Fonograf cleaved at the Custom* yesterday for Colombo. She has taken in 426£ loa^ls of jarrah, shipped by the Imperial Jarra'i 'Wood Corporation. The Foiiograf will pro bably sail to- night. 'Buubury Week.' — With the object of considering the advisability of pro mo Ling another ' Runbury Week' a meeting of the committee '-appointed last year is to be held, this evening at the residence, of Mr R. Gr. Kirton, the chairman, A lull attendance is re quested. & Lady Missionary. — This evening a meeting that promises to be oE excep tional interest will be held at . tha Con gregational Church. Miss Crouch, from Salem, India, who is the deputation from the London Missionary Society, wili deliver an address on work among the women of. India, A number of girls in native dress will be an. adjunct of the address. Miss Crouch, who is an excellent speaker, is a native of Tas mania, The service commences at 7.30. Consultation. — Tha following are the drawers of placed horses in W.A. Tatter sail's (J Charles) consultation on tho Metro politan Handicap, run at Randwick, N.S.W on September 11th : — 1st hor^e (Reyiver)' H.R. and O.A., Perth, £1005 16s; 2nd horse (Tarquin), 'Syndicate.' care of Tom Boxhall, Blacksmith, Euroa, Victoria, £377 3s ; 3rd horse (Cyanide), ' Butcher,' Bun bury, £125 14s. Cash prizes pay as under : £50. pay3 £37* lo* ; £20,' piys £15 Is ; £10, pays £7 Us ; £5, pays £3 15s ; £2 10a, pays £1 18*. Cash prizes are nett. T.O.G.T.— The usual weekly meeting of the Light of the South Lo-.I^e, No. 16, was held on Tuesday night last. The Chief Templar presided, and there w;s a record attendance of members. Five momber.3 were initiated, and eight propositions for member ship were received. After a large amount of lodge business lv.d been transacted, the lodge went into harmony. Games were indulged in, and songs and recitations were given by Sis Mrs Haycox, Sis A. Hornsby, 813 N. Law, Sis C, Stevens, and Bro F, . Carsy. A Wedding. — A yery pretty wedding took place yesterday at the Congrega tional Church, when Mr D McArthur Stone was married to Miss Watt, of Toronto House. Though the time of the wedding wag kept a secret, none the less a largo body of ladies assembled to witness the ceremony which was per formed by the Key ,f Bufton. E\L.S, The bridesmaids were Miss Stone and Miss Nancy Watt, Mr F Watt acting as best man. Afternoon tea and other beverages were indulged in by a few friends, who included Drs Williams and Joel, Mrs Aylett and boarders pa-t and present Several valuable presents were received by the happy couple, Wedding at Pinjarrah. — Our Pinjarrah correspondent writes : — ' I hare the plea sure to report that to-day (Monday)* has been an auspicious one for a young couple here in Pinjarrah, Mr Ernest Favrcett and Miss L Alderson having been married. The officiating clergymen were the Hov Aroh deacon Watkins and the Rev C Allen. The church was prettily decorated, and so was the residence o£ the bride. I can say with truthfulness that I have not seen a prettier wedding in any part of Australia. I am sorry to aay, and I herewith acknowledge my ignorance of the subject, that I cannob give you a description of the Jre-ses, but everyone looked pretty, the ladies in par ticular ! There was a large number of visitors at the church, aud a great many friends and relatives from both sides at tha wedding breakfast. 1 am informed that tha happy couple will spend their honeymoon in Victoria — tbafc land from whence all our future welfare is to come, for to that colony we have been sold !' Oh ! and likewise Ah! : South Bunbury Platform. — A mealing was held at Mr Hennessy's residence, Biackwood road, on Tuesday evening, of those interested in the question of a railway plitform ab ? South Bunbury. There were about twenty gentlemen present. Mr C. Egglestons was voted to the chair, and in opening explained the object of tha meeting, which was to endeavor to induce the Government to pro vide a platform on the railway, either at Henuessy's road or at King's road. Mr F. Bray submitted statistics of the population in the vicinity who would be accommodated by the proposed platform, and from these it was ascertained that within a radius of 450 yards from the railway at a point midway between the two crossings there were 178 residents, besides thosa who lived outside that radius and would use the platform. Ho moved that a letter be forwarded to the right hon. the Premier, through Mr W. Spencer, M.L.C., requesting that a platform be provided, Me3srs C. Egglestone, F. Bray, C. S. Brockman and F. A. Bogue were appointed a deputation to wait on Mr W. Spencer, and ask him to present the letter to the Premier and to give the movement his support. It was also resolved to ask Dr Lovegrore to co-operate with Mi Spencer. Parliamentary Union. — The weekly meek ing of the Bunbury Parliamentary Union was held at the Mechanics' Institute on Tuesday evening, the Speaker (Mr J J Tucker) presiding. On the stage, seating accommodation had been provided for ladies and nearly every chair was occupied. One new member was elected. The Com missioner for Public Works (Mr F O Benckendorff) and the Premier (Mr Keith) replied to a number of questions. Sir J Morris Carroll (Cockburn Sound) moved the second reading of a 'Bill to render vaccination optional and non- compulsory.' This measure created a onsiderable dis cussion in which the following members took park — Dr Willhuns (Perth), Messrs Keith (Coolgardie), J C Harrison (Welling ton). J Button (Greenough), J G Bnldock (Albany), J Duce (Moore), J Kaeburn (Toodyay), O W Hough (Bunbury). Jos White (Yilgarn). The House divided on the motion, the voting being as follows : In favor of the bill, 9 ; against, 18, Duriug the debate several interesting and instruc tive speeches were delivered, and there were one or two lively passages-at-arms between the mover of the Bill and Dr Williams. Mr J G Baldock moved — (a) '? That it is to the best interests of this colony that an alternative clause be inserted in all tenders for supplies, manufactures and other goods intended for use in W.A. ; thafe West Australian produats to be speci fied, and that tne said manufactured goods be manufactured in the colony.' (b) -'That West Australian tenderers be given tha preference over other competitors to the extent o! 12 £? per cent if necessary.' The Premier moved the adjournment of the debate, as he considered the motion a direct attack on the free trade policy of the Government. On the motion of the Premier the Home adjourned at 10 p.m. Railway Employees' Annual Picnic. — A general meeting of railway employees was held on September 9th at Bunbury railway station, when there was a large attendance, each branch of the railway being well repre sented, as the employees in general seem to be taking a keen interest iu the forth coming picnic, which is mostly attributed to the success of the last picnic. Financially and otherwise, it is expected that the coming picnic will be a greater success than any picnic ever held in the South-west district. The meeting was principally called to fix the date and place for holding the picnic, and for receiving and adopting tho balance-sheet of last picnic. Mr Coles was voted to the chair, and Mr G. Sharp, the late secretary, was asked to take the minutes. After the ordinary routine of business had been dealt with, the ordeal of nominating men for the committee for the ensuing soason was gono through, the committee consisting of two men from each branch of the service, of which there are five. The next item was fixing the place, which, however, did nob I take long, as those at the meeting, with the exception of two or three, were' in favor of the picnic b ing held at Picton. The fixing of the date was the next matter to tbrash out and over which there ws a good deal of discussion, bufe it was eventually decided to held the picnic ou 7th November next. Af'er a lot of discussion, it was decided to leave all matters of detail in the bands of the ' working committee' to deal with at their discretion, aud the matter of obtaining the consent of the various departments to hold the picnic is being taken up a? quickly as possible. The committee intend doing all in their power to make the affair attrac tive to the public in the way of amusements, etc., and the committee anticipate being able to give some very handsome prizes. Messrs George Sharp and James Johnston were appointed as joint honorary secretaries for this season, as it was found that the work wa3 far too much for one man after attending to his daily duties Mr W. C. Robinson was re- elpcted treasurer for the ensuing season. Dr Lovegrove. — The principal medical officer of the colony, Dr Lovegrove, has been spending a few days in Bunbury. Parade. — A. parade of the mounted section of the .Bunbury llifl.es is to be hela at Dardanup on Saturday afternoon at 3.30, when the Donnybrook, Bruns wick and Bunbury men are required to fall in, Oddfellows, — Thrift, as represented by friendly societies, yras in strong force at the aunual gathering of the Manchester Unity of Oddfellows, held at Portsmouth this year. The meeting was the largest of the kind ever held. There were 700 deputies present from the United King dom and the colonies, such as Australasia, the Cape, Canada, and the West Ind'es. The Grand Master stated that the total membership on January 1st )ast was 961,500. The income for 1899 was £1,235,425 ; the payments for sick benefit amounted to £704,777 ; funeral benefit to £171,527; the increase of fuuds in the year being £359,120. The total capital of the order lias now reached £16,074,410. Iu referring to the colonies, the Grand Master stated that 20 per cent, o? the members in Natal had volunteered for service iu the South African war. The contributions of those members were paid by the other mem bers, Eev G E Wheatley.— At the Masonic Hall last night, a drawing-room- social ? under the auspices of the Wesleyan community was held, Despite the threatening appearance of the weather the attendance was v«ry large, and the function was mest successful in every respect. The event of the evening was a discourse by the Kev G E Wheatley, the subject of which was ' Ghostg,' but the lecture was not of the weird nature which might be inferred by its title. Though passing reference was made to apparitions, Mr Wheatley's theme was mainly figurative only of ghosts, his discourse being directed against the bogies or distinctions raised in religious, political and social lite to frighten the ignorant or unthinking. He concluded aa eloquent oration with a touching appeal to his hearers to throw down the odious barriers raised by the world to divide mankind and thereby assist in bringing about charity and good fellow ship between mea of every class, color and creed. T he remainder of the even ing was devoted to music, social chat and parlor games. A very pleasant evening's entertainment concluded at 11 p.m. 