LOED EOEY; OR, THE! lUttfrOF ClSTILE n By Mes. Mat Acettss FtBMiNO, Author of ?? Wed, Yot STo Wife,' ' The St»r of Da Ver-s' 'Shaddock Ligbt,' etc., etc. CHAPTER XXV. _ The parlonr door opened. It was Madamtf Michaud, with, a cord and a puzzled face. Mindtte took the core glanced at the name, and turned white At death ; for the name, was RoboEfc Drummond, and in pencil was written : I saw yon last night. Yoa are IVIin ptfce Chatoaunflj-'e daughter. Yoa know tvho I am. For your dead mother's sake I cod jure you to see me. For her dead mother's sake 1 Had oome magnetic witchery told him that tbat was the only adjuration ehe would \--ot scornfully refuHQ I She stood with the card in ber band, eold and white. An instant later, and a tall, stalwart -Form of Colonel Drummon,d towered in the doorway, which he bad to stoop his head to pass, and father and daughter utood'face to face for the firat time. He waa quito white with Bupprosded feeling —ahe, erect, anporb, defiant. And it was her clear, riDging voice tbat first snbko : ' Colonel Drummond does me an un expected honour. I know he was in St. Louie, but I hardly thought ho would osra to see me.' ' You knew, then, who I wa*?' ? Why, yes, moneieur,' Minette aaid, earelosaly. ' I euspeoted— I thought tb'ut Colonel Robert Drummond might be the Robert Drutntndnd who drove his wife aud oMld from him seventeen years ago. That was rather a daBtardly act, although they say Coltfnol Drummond fights welK IBut physical prowess, ie often a villiaa's ViftUB.1 \- You know me ?' he repeated, Blowly paying uo heed to her stinging words.' 1 You knew I was here ? You knew I was your father, and yet ' ? ' ' ? Mignonnette 'broke into a- langh — a low, bitter, derisive laugh. ' What would monsiour have ? Was I to go to yoa, to fling mj arms Bround your neok, to cry out, as we do on the stage, ' My lon^-Iost father, behold your child!, So devoted a husband, so tender a parent, surely deserved no less ! I have been ortielly ungrateful, have I not, M. Je Colonel ? And you very properly came liere to ohide me for my unfilial diere Bpept.' , - ' 'Minette,' be said— ' my daughter!' And at tho word, uttered in that deep, melo'dioutf voice, thro 'girl's face flashed and her' passionate heart throbbed. ? Will 'you 'not listen to me? Will you not try and believe ? As Heaven hears and will judge me, I never knew your mother was jealous ; I never gave her oauso to be so. From the hour ahe be came my wife, I strove my best to make her !i»ppy. If I f-iiled-laijd I did fail,' it seeme — if was beoauao oura was an ill-assorted union — the mingling cf fire and ice. When she fled from 'me ? for no Cause, I solemnly swear, that. I ever knew— I purtfuad and strove £o find her, in vain. I continued the aearoh for months, and only give it up when th,e donviotiou foroed itself upon me that ehe had died a suicide s death. I re mained with her parents whilst they lived, and, for h*x sake, was to them as & BOH. roll imnlw aTi a «*»*» « £-,*«« !.../.?._ That was impossible. I do not think there was a woman in Toronto of *whom she could be jealous, that I knew, even hy name.' 1 ' ^'Toronto !' Minette said, scornfully! ♦ Who said in Toronto P1' ' No, 'my Lord Rdderio Desmond!* She was jealous of * ub woman in Toronto. Her rival was j the-^-Lady IneaJ' J ?' 1 , At the, Bound of tho name so long nn , rheard7 the man- beBide her started an , ''though the 'ghost of hie dead youth had ' ';riaen before him. His faoe, pale before, 'blanched to „&, dead, 'startled white. .vTjie ' littlo actress s saw,, and laughed blood.' , \ ..'*'?,. , , , i I Know, you 'seal No Vyonder, M. ' Drumtaond, the teacher of English. and 1 inatherna'tioa, looked hs.o\,]ika ah ex'dei i prince.' 'It came naturally, And I am ,j the.daughtw of my lord^arlof'Oloptarf f r;Fiae arttecedents for tbV little A'merican' aofressj tNo, Lord ' pjontarf,~Cplonel Drumuaond-r-whiohever, you like — my 1 sffother feared no rival i'a Toronto^ Her rival, who kept your heart from hesf, hW far away in another land. None the 2^ea sorely, though, was the work done, ''&&.& he? heart broken. , , Colonel Drummond listened in araaze ment. -But*tho' calm of long habit Tpa's, back when he spoke: ' How you have learned all thiB is & profound mystery to me. I 'never w^a unkind, or unjust, or unfaithful to, your dead mother, I tried to the best of my ability to raakeiier happy. If sho ba'i, . been a litfclo moro patient — waited4 a little longer — all would have been well? You would have grown up to love me ad. a child ehould love its father, 3£y daughter, I am a solitary, a lonely' mau — you, a little waif, afloat in a wicked, world. Let us bury.onr dead paat j let, the futnre atone for all that' is gone. Let 'me claim you as my child — give , you my name and hoibe. Already I, love you f you ..v/iU.soon learn to love me. Minetto — m'y daughter conie !' He ppenod bie arms. She looked up in bis ' face — glowing, earnest, noble,' good. Her heart went out ,to him with a great bound — her color came and weiit — a mighty struggle rentier. ' He made a step towards, har, but nW shrank away,- almost in affright. ' No, no, no !' she cried, wildly ; ' not, now — not yot | An, my God ! I swora tc bate you^and I cannot — I cannot ! Loavo me — leavo ma, Colonel Drummond! I will not go!1 He saw bow excited ehe was— bow bu& trembled like a leaf with the passionate emotions within her— and he yielded at once.' ^ I ? I will go, my child,' be eaid, ' vejjr', very gently ; ' but first let me on'oe hi&r; from your lips tbat yoa d.qno't thinklfeip altogetner the buse And unwortnV wretch you have thought me. Tell' ma - this, Minefto, and bid me come agairj; y,cannot, I will not give np my daugh ter.1. . She loohoa up'at Lira suddenly, and' stretched forth ] her hand, great tears^ standing in her dark eyes. ' ' I do believe it! For tho reBt, I c»n promise uothing. Come or not, as you like j only leave, me now.1 ? J( will come to- tmorrow,' he answered, pVes(sing[ the band.ehe gave him between, both or his. -'Until iben, 'my child, -adfsu, and ^Qod biees jbu.' ? ' The door cloeed behind him, and Slin'etto flung herself on a 'sofa, e(ad buried her, face in the pillowe, hating horaelf for the ,w'eakneus shi' felt-^foe' .turning traitor to her dead mother a$ a ' * i ,few pleading words from this man. .': , 'And yet, how trood, how' great, ht»vr noble he looked ! How brave sho kitje*/ \ him to be—and Minette, adored' bravery '^bojff jtrue and earnest his eye» wereau - he spoSe '?' ?* . ' ~ ' { And that lost mother had been pae-'' elonatG, and wayward, and iaah, ,arid ^impulsive. What if, -after all, the fault; ' had been ber own t not his P ',' \ v Her musings'were interrupted by] the' Buddem entrance of Madatne Miohaud. ?Pardon; mam'selle^ Monsieur Tre v'aun'ance ia at'the door.' ? Minette ,aat ,up. She pushed', her taagled oarla away from her tempsleo, and with that name all the^1 bitterness' came baok^ Sh;e was an earl's daughter, and his'equ-al'by riyht, anS'yet bje cama here to make love to tho little actress ? whose name he wooia not dare mention ' to,-tt|e lady he had left behind*, jny Eng land. At least, he should learn to- day ~, whether she wa8 to be insulted with,'' impunity. - ^ v ?- ? ' Goud.day-^ M. Trev^nnance,' made-' moise-le said^ brusquely. ' ? This is, nn' unl-iokod-for honour.' To what do I owe' it ?' ? They bad^pofc spoken b/efora einoe tbat memorablo evening- in the etrewt. - Her' look and tons were not one whitr more cordial than they had been the'n. „ ' Mademoiselle,' he' 6aid, ooarteoualy, ? I have comfl.tobeg your-pardon. !I*fear — most unintentionally on* Wy pBtt ? that I 'deeply offended you the'-' other -evening,/ you will not be implacable, I ? trost, tq me, whoBe oaly^ offence Vie ? ad- miring you'toti. greatly.' ? ' ' , 4AB ,how did you offend ?'? mademoi selle responded;' Srcith'8Uf*r©me oareless-' ipBsnoBBj 'r« I, have forgpi^en. ;0h^ by folio wing me in-tho stroe't 1 ' J$.y dear M, I .Tfevanuaaca'-switi ,a^Iighfc;Jotigh— rwhat Very WneoeeBsry' tronble you have-given janiself! Why, I had for-' I gotten tne offence and the offender five I jminutos,af tw.J , - . ,. ' j She looked up in his faoo with tbe old I aUdaoiooe.irtttvoldng smile ha 'knew so j well -6a the Bfc'age and off it. . - I ' * QSO'p^ COJfTINTOD).' ' ' I 