? ' > ^ IZA D U F F U 6 44ARDY, ^t 'VT i Eomanoe of the Bear Gr » J>V- ;j*yBoee," Ao.,*c. •liZOQT j ? lor beneath Iheir .burthen of ruddy-ripe golden fruit, the tall dim pines, the graceful "yellow p^nep" of ,the south, their feathery crowns of foliagetraoed in delicate pencilling against thebnrping asnre-of a sky almost too virid in .its light and cplour., It was only the hour after early breakfast, yet the sunbeams already poured in a broad level b)aze on the pjazsa, and daiieed in a dsrtleof diauat was ae purea blue a» p lt was-es fair a scene as the eye oould desire, yet Helen spoke with a sort of involuntary sigh. "Who would ever think it was Christmas Eve f" ' '" Isn't it lovely ?" said her sister Mary, with.pmUingoontent. h • 8pee&M;*ry Weston, happily married ami l spUl^d lfithis fair Florida home, had ceased J to sign for her native land. '' Xes,- it's lovely, if only one didn't see so much of it! But what I BMuld like to are now would be frost and snow or even a good tbipk yellow London fog!" s "I'm afraid even John oould not oblige d you witb that here, though I think he is not s very far behind the French king (whioh one o was it f) who had the ground covered witb s salt when the lady of his heart conceived a n w perverse desire.to go deighing in summer." " John spoils me, and I'm afraid he's not the only one that does;'' riyoined Helen, smilng and stretching out her hand to her sister, '•^jl don't think we've spoilt you, Nell!" saia Mary Weston, patting the pretty hand. " But I think John would, if he could." " He is very good," the yonnger sister said, less lightly. " He is !" Mrs. Weston agreed emphatically. " And you an very fond of him, aren't von f " with a touch of.anxietywhloh •he did not intendto betray, but which was plain as the son in the heaven -to Helen's quick perception. . " Yes, I am," die answered sincerely ; " I should be very ungrateful if I wasn't f But I do wish .be would take me home for a honeymoon trip I" she added, with only half-plavful petulance, " Everybody goes to England on their tntfol trip." "Noteverybody, dear." " Well, even-body who can afford it, end John can afford anything he likes!"- " But, you see, it is John's business keeps , him here.' "Oh, yes, I know. I dan say it seems \- just a perverse fancy of mine, like longing for a sleigh nde in summer, for snow in this \- sunny south." , ."I'm afraid, dear Nell, you get a littl* homesick sometimes." "Do I, Mary?" with a curtain -smile. " Ton think soP" "I am afraid so, sometimes, dear. But you'll settle down all happily and comfortably when once ,ypo are married and in yonr own home." i " Yours has been home to me, Mary 1" " And you have helped to make it a real iiome to me. I might have felt a little strange .-'and .far-away even with Fred, if it had not been for you. And now I must go and help Chloe make the cakes." And I'll come and do the tninnepies," said Helen cheerfully. " No, no, Nell; I won't have you getting tired and flushedover the stove; John will be opmiug soon." "Poorj dear Maryl " said Helen to herself, ssher sister hastened away oh household tares intent. " She only thinks I am home- tick. If she only knew how tired I am of omuges and pinetraes! And she's so anxious, poor dear, to be assured that ! am really fond of John! Dear, good John! the only thing; 'I'm afraidof isthathe is too good for me 1 But I shall be able to make him happy, I 1 / think. Anyhow, I'll do mv beat. And I'm sure I shall be happy with him, as happy as any woman can expect to be, after lite first dream is over !" She sighed as her thoughts went back-to that " first dream." "Walter," she murmured. "Pom Walter! If he had lived 1" Visions of another Christmas rose bpfore her. Walter was helping her to put up the holly. Tbej- two were lingering over their gtod-night in the .hall. He was folding a wrap round her as she went out into the chill of Hie white wintry night with him to look at the bhow glittering in the moonlight. Oh, forthat'" white Christmas" of four years uo! " My <joor boy! My poor boy!" Helen said softly to herself. "To thjnk that the cold, cruel sea, the deep, dreadful sea, rolls over his h^ad! and that no one, no one, will evfe - , ever know the truth!" She shuddered and clasped her hands, and the brightoolcnirs of the sunny landscape grew dim to her eyes. Bnt when John Armstrong, her stalwart lover, oame, the smile was ready to greet him on her lips. She was very fond of John, and the past was past; the present, though it did seem a .little dull sometimes, a little pale and tyne beside that poor dead past, and Vet fnll Of nope; thanks to John! Sheltered liy his love, rarely die would b<! safe from the sting of memory, even from the insidious gWfwing of • i»on»asiiinesS. He was bo tttmgi« gave.fcor a ^uHtfying sense of pretention and safsty to be with him. He had the muscles of a gladiator, and yet, with all btft tough, uncultivated ways, the gentleness ofa woman. Helen loved the mingling of borough foroe and reverent tenderness hpi, and often assured herself that dw jrgaljy lpved him very much, though she ni iiot very, lavish of protestations pr rnmiscn. tvhich indeed woe not much in Helen i)allymple's way. . •John yasEoglish, too. Perhaps, if be had not benfher compatriot, he might have fotnd faia Helen harder to win. T£ete were many English settled in this part of Florida, but few as fortunate as John Armtamg. Jlve^thihg he touched seemed to prosper, attt now In winning Helen's troth he had wpD.his crowning fortune—his heart's faiie. His sun-bronzed and somewhat ragged- XsaUired Awe was beaming, as bs drew his Ohair as Bloae as it oould be drawn to hers, and took possession of her hand and felt the slender fingers red in his big nslm as if it w^ethdr home. "Po you know, darling, (hii is the hapjisrt Oftristmas I've ever hadf " he said. "Siuoe you Mere a boy!" she rejoined, "Butyou don't know anttiikff about me a i S f i t w r ' n ? ^ #*> |«lWi«»H with t«n o ®<ru gill ! No, dadffifr, there's nota eoulln Jt&tl.; . I«iB.*ra jny own giH, aren't yonf Hden, parting, what would ybnJQce to dots Christmas to.«u*ro«rf Shall we ihwe a drive in tha evecitng and a picnic atmper in Uujiwoods mr p^onugbtf" ' « A mobnl^ht pqnlc on Cbristmas night! Oh. John, wbere is yoar aense'of the fitting?" . John looked puzded. '"I want to do anything that would please you, dearest. < i What would please j^mF" " Oh, I don't know. Perhaps • good oldfaahimmd Bngllsh frost, or a Ixmdon fog, or • aleigh-ride!" recalling bee conversation with her sister. " Nothing I can give youf"' he said, >with a.shadeofjdisapppintment. . - .— "John, dear/you're too goodl" die said, with a sadden gush of tenderness. " I don't deeorve that yon.dumld get.me.anything! Mary aaid to me just now thitf die thought lflras a little home sick—and J. (oppose thatV just what X am ! Oh, John, oonldn't we go IKHneJn firing on a little honeymoon trip P" " I'm" afraidpot, darting; perhaps some t'me, but^tiof now. Helen, oan't -you be happy hereP Ton know I'llall I can." " Indeed I do know it, yon are the best and dearest of old Johns (" die answered, more lightly, with her sweetest smile. "He!ten, he said, after a thoughtful pause, in which his genial faoe had grown grave, " do you know that I fed sad sometimes, fearing tha>4hii life here won't content you, that you'll be thinking of England tie 'home!' And I wander sometimes whether it isn't because it was in England that—thaf you remember you told .me, darling, bless your truthful transparent soul, that wouldn't Keep any secret from'me, my sweetheart! that there was—some one you—liked there— some one who is dead." " Need we talk of him P" said Helen more ooldly. '' No, no, darling, not if it hurts you! But it hnrts me to Slink that there's a pain in that memory still! . I'd like to take all a{l trouble, from you, even any pain of the past! Fd draw the sting from your memory if I oould P" " No memory can sting me very sharply while I have you, John," she answered with an impulse ofself-reproachful, half remorseful tenderness. "And I won't give way to Biokneas any more if it gives you the bit of pain I. Don't trouble yourself. about the ghost of yesterday 1 Tonarrow is yotttt!" " And to-day P " he urged. " Is to-day— livided P Or is it all mine t" " I think it looks as if it were all yours," said, softly, as he kissed her. 1 ' Let yesterday rest, John, rest with the last year's in England ! And let us go and pick to-day P And there are some guavas I should like some for lunch. We see them at home except in idly, do P After all, there are some good things in the tunny south !" she added, with a lapse into her old, light, laughing tone. " There arc guavas, and grape-fruit, and you! " John Armstrong went away happy. One thing only now troubled him, he oould not make up his mind what to give Hden for a Christmas present. Blundering fdlow . that he was! he reproached himself, not to have thought over it before. He went to the best jeweller's in Giralda, the nearest large town, where, having but little time to spare, and being unable to make np his mind in haste on the spot, he ordered a selection of choioe trinkets to be sent to his rooms, for his leisurely inspection. Every one in Girulda knew John Armstrong, and there was no difficulty made about entrusting the jewels to his oare. He was looking in anxious cogitation from the contents' of one velvet-lined case to another, as they were set out before him on the table, when there was a tap at the door, and the negro " bell-boy " announced, " Mr. Lawrence, sah, wants to know ef he kin see you." "Why, certainly. Show Mr. Lawrence up. Gome in, Lawrenoe, glad to see you, and a merry Christmas to you, my dear fellow!" "The same to you! I see I needn't ask how you are!" said the visitor, glanoing at John Armstrong's healthy brown faoe. "Oh, I'm all light—right as a trivet! And you P how have you beenP All right too, I hope P Grove flourishing P" " Tes, all going on well. I've oome up to Giralda on a little business, and you're the first person I've looked up." " That's right, that's aU right I" said Armstrong, heartily, " I've been thinking of running down to Tampa, and then I'd have been the one to look you up, but I've had my hands full lately ; it s been a busy time, though it's not been all business! Tou've just come in the nick of time now, to give me yonr hdp and advioe. I was just muddling my brain over these .things." jerking his head towards the display on the table. " Which do yon think's the—the b°st of the lot P The—the most likely to— suit a ladyP" Armstrong was stammering and the colour rose in hi* bronzed oheek. i'A ladyP Ah!" said Lawrenoe, with a smile. " Pleasure as well as business been keeping you about here, I aeeP" " Tes, you see, well, the tact is, I'm going to be married." " Heartiest congratulatBw% old ifdlow! The young lady's luoky— fliat I know! and so are you, I hope !" " I just am!" said Armstrong emphatically. " Wait till you see her! *' " When we will be wearing one of these, I expect" suggested Lawrence. He was a younger man than Armstrong, fairer and of slighter build, with a tawny beard, honest, kindly blue eyes, a pleasant, tlraugh rather -ad, smile, and a generally rather grave, thoughtful expression. He was sympathetically willing to hdp the perplexed lover in his choioe ef a gift, which was fortunate, as poor John had not much, taste, and was sorely bewildered in his oontemplation of the "embarras de richesses" that lay before him. "Now this—this is something out of the common, eh P" he suggested, but hesitatingly, us defepjng to Lawrenoe'a better judgment, pointing to a necklaoe of alligator's teeth lavishly set in gold. " Or, tills now P" indicating aneart-shapedornament almost big enough to wear as a snidd, and adorned with a true lover's knot.studded, with jewds of all the colours of the rainbow. " Do you .think alligators' teeth quite a pretty thing to dam round a girl's throat f " Lawrence demurred. "And isn't this a trifle—just a trifie dnwy t" J ohn a eoanteaanse ML "She 13ns eveiyUiing dainty and delicate," he said. " How about thisP" said I^wiense, taking up a simple but oostly necklet of a singlestring of exquisitely matohed pearls. It was Armstrong's turn to demur. " Don'A purls mean tears P" he rejoined: ' "Ahf Tea wouldn't risk giving her, those P" «aid (JiMpunger man, with a smile ttrte^W in^&ort;,^qniokly-Btilled breath ' "No, I wouldn't," aatd Armstrong, noticing his frier.'out -with an instinct of lellow-feellini i You - wouldn't either, -would yon, L ^e, if you were choosing —something for somebody P" "No, I suppose I should be sopentitious, too. But there's nobody—now I and Pve had all this superstition and fanoy and romanoe pretty well knoolced out of me." "Them's nobody now," Armstrong repeated his words. "Here," be added, delicately and hesitatingly, " tiiere was somebody onoe, then f" " Onoe!" Lawrenoe eoboed, looking down at the peari nooldaoe. When the ohoToe war finally made of a dender gold braodet with a four-leaved ah&mrock; in diamond* ("All women like diamonds," the two men bad agreed), the oomrsdea eat down wiOi a pipe and glass, and then Armstrong referred, Li his frankly aympathetio, if blundering way to Lawrence's late admission. "r.m .afraid my—my asking you about that," nodding toward* the bracelet, "reoallji things I9 jonl" / ^"Ih^^ven'tRotfartoberioallea. they lie aesr the surface," 'the younger man replied, gtoomfly, ,- ' ~ v "Hiere was sooiebody, and it-it—didn't eteanythMf '' - AxdutrengjWa^. heprt anftwisd by lib own iiuipineCk 9 his Wn»«ttytwainoeeBtol>eiuUn4(rs. I«WMoee pansed i 'MMMot, 1 •fUff, •V, I • I'm4oad. at 'leut l hap), #Le hej| i *war—I a*alln!Sv»<Me W again But. _ aumebow Christmas ' #!*»,) - makes msjthink'of . .H. \dd <iajr«^' - «• Aoutrongpodded iuj^eatpomprehmmon Lawrenoe paused a fai'>meot,than added wiu> almost ham abruptuus: "Look hoe^Anastroug, I've often thought of tdling you. I was very jiear it more than once, whan you were Muuh a guod oham to |»e at Ocala. The taut Li I—I left England under a cloud! My v«nr u&ute;—well, ItV ray own, for I was christened Lavnuue a« my aeH>n4 naau, but it's jibt ny tfu.- aurname* Ihereara otheiii iafte Iwfcsiwho have some out of thfi way, as I did, but not mam diadowod by a cloud as black as mine." " What was it, my boyf" asked John Armstrong, fraternally. , "Oh, I've not bolted from the law," Lawrence said quickly. "Istand dear of that,. I think. But ifs the auspidou, of whioh t feel I shall never be dear." She suspected—believed ill of you t" "God bless her—no. She^declared she had faith in me. But no one else had. 1 couldn't ask her tofn&ny; ate under a jtloua, to take my name with the stuin on it. I mpte ab oad t» live it down, and the ahip iu which I'd tak>ii my passage was wroukeif—you remember the iliauter at the Columbia! I was suppt»«d to have been on board; my name was in- th ^ list of lost. But at' the last minute an accident had prevented my sailing. No one knew at home that I had not sailed. They all believe that I went down with the Oolumba and die rest of her unluoky passengers and crew." " And she believes it, too P" "She must, what else oan die thinkP It. is better ao. I decided not to write and tell her X was safe." She may be grieving—mourning for ) ou," suggested Armstrong, " For a time—yes. But it is best as it is— for her. She is young; the thought of me and my trouble would be a more lasting cloud on her bright girlhood than the thuuglii of my death. I would never have married bar unless I oould give her a stainless uamo. Shr will be happier, not. knowiug. She believed me innocent—that is my oomfort.. Let her believe me dead, for her own peauo." "It's a sad state of things, mused Armstrong. "And what—what was the- " he hesitated for a time—"the trouble," he finished. They called it murder—an ugly word, 'titP But whatever it was. I had uo hand in it. If auy man ki led Philip Strettou, it was not I!" 'Philip Stretton !" John Ai'instrung started. HU back^na^ to the light, so Lawrence could not see liow his healthy colour paled. Tes, you remember the case, I see P 1 own it did look black ugaiust me. .He was my cousin,, and I his heir—though it would have been the other way round, he would haVe been my heir, and I should have stood in his dioes, it my grandfather had not made an unfair will. I had Usui imprudent—1 was in a little difficulty—aud I WHS foolish enough to ask Philip for a loan, only an advance for three months. He said things that cut me. There was a soreness between us, I own, but I would never have injured a hair of his head. Tou remember, perhaps, how I was arrested, remanded—all the miserable story f There was not evidenoe enough against me to send the case for trial, but there was enough to make [people believe me guilty—to-juake me fed a pariah aud au outcast—to make mo oast aside my father's name as a tarnished and undean thing—to drive me into exile here, a-, a dead mau, dead to his own laud and his owu people." ''It'sa sad business," said Armstrong, his voice strangely husky. " I remember, heaiiug of it." A pause; theu he added: "But, Lawrenoe, I siy, olid chum, aren't you perhaps a bit over- sensitive about people— suspecting you P" " Over-sensitive 1 When I've seen women turn aside to avoid recognising me—when the very children have started at ine as if 1 were a wild beast! But there, talking of it oan't mend matters." He filledhis glass hastily; his hand shook as he raised it to his lips. John Armstrong's brimming glass stood untouched by his side. Another knock at the door, and the entrauoe of a second visitor—this time a genial and somewhat boisterous one. to wish the compliments of the season, interrupted the oouversation, rather to the relief of both Armstrong and Lawrence, and it was much to the host's relief when both his visitors departed. Left alone at lapt. he stood by the window deep in troubled thought, staring out across the rough sandy road witb eyas that oouid not see. " I never dreauit of this," he said to himsdf, his, lips framing the words without Bound, as ineu who have lived much alone often get the habit of communing with themselves, "This comes of shirking, or trying _ to shirk. One can't shirk a thing—it wiU follow one. If it were not fur Hden, now. It's plttin enuugh—the thing to do.. It stares me in the faoe. But Hden, who trusts me. I must think of her finL Tot that boy He's been wronged enough. He wouldn't marry his girl witb a stained name. Can I marry my girl with a stained con- Kdienoe P His girl in England stuck to Jjim. Maybe mine would stick to me. Would ahe, though P It's an ngly story to tdl her. Still, if she'*-got grit edough to stand it p •She doesn' t look Uke pne -jthat would , weaken Had wilt away from a mau because of .something in his past—though'it does look rather a black busiuess. I'll see. l'U sound her. God foigive me! I'm a ooward where she's concerned. I see the right thing plain enough. But I oan't—I oan't. No, she's my all 1 lean risk the losing her!" Helen was sauntering in the orange-grove iu the moonlight alone. She was glad to be alone, for somehow this Christmas five she was haunted by memories of that other Christmas with Walter four veais ago I That past was dead and buried, but its ghost walked sometimes. Two lines of a poem die had once' hgijpd reoited kept running in her head:— - '' Ecay for the one beloved, -wherever he may be. In the hndi of the OhriatoMMQidnigfat he will •ftpear to thee!" Hbw still the night <wa» ! Grove and wood and lake seemed to he deeping in eilanee. .Toe moonbeams bathed the fair landscape in a diver sea of light, yet left pendaoed the dusky amt^fas shadow in the deem of " the'duk Wsiii Uui." She thought of Ik* f<%bite winter Jiuriand.utod thfe .gl^ af toe buied past walked iu the aouthenTinoealigbt .«>irri»g, too p Was tfcataefespF Did a shadow muvef Co'uld it be John P But Jcfen nem oame that way dirough the grove. If it should be a tramp, and die ao far from the house f The moving ehadow «athered «baoe and substanoe, stepped out from the darkness of the bordering trees, and the moonlight fell full upon bis faoe. Hden stopped with a start. Who—what—waaitf The moonlight was *well-iri*h bright aa day. The face, the figure that stood out dear in those pure uudiudiugbeiuna, the very g<*tare with which the man paused at sight of her, all had been familiar to her ouoe 1 Waa it a ghost t Were the lines that bad been ringingin her ihiud prophetic f " In the hush of the Chritjiui midnight be will appear to thee." ~ L \ ' He, too, had paused at sight of the^iri'a slim white-robed figure: he started as one thunder stricken as he looked upon her fack - pale and pure iu the colourless blase ot Ah* semi-tropiod moonlight, for while die stated, dumb with doubt aud amaxement, on die dead fclivfe, he looked on the living, lost tp him, -whom be bad deemed five thousand miles awiyl 'fie was tbe fiat to fiudhis voioe. "Hden, Helen f Tou- hwel" He •tretchod'oat his haod; it wai mn.vith life as ft toadwd hsta, ^ftcag vritb living J StlriMpea her'bolil tuid Ai» yon «lb«r 4' .-^WlUi, JOtlU^. VWMIWFI _ uotUug _ ; to *e flfcrisbnas gift, waaoDh' was on hU .way to -him " ^ belorad. " " " hot no with the .qoidc, aaurud atep ofifcehapfry lovsr. . H» lagged and tOuk the Lmgeat way. He might have said, if he bad beau given to quoting jaMtke»p*arp, "Oh, full ofaoofpisos is my niiiid.'*' They bit and stung, those snakwaud tempted to ailenoe, prompted him with subtle sophistries "for Helen saske." tyju not his' first duty to spare her pain P fet he knew that if ha yielded to the temptation. lie should fejlhim-elf to the last day uf. hi* life a deaptoable sinner, for t^U this day hi had not realised wbatlie had done," bat ui>wt if he kept dlense dill, be would be danin^with M4 eyes oueoi" Still o»uid he dare trust Helen with the tmrb, at the risk of ndnir her shrink fropi hnn. turu eoU to him, perhaps take hendf oucyf his life. On the other hand, it was possible that die might not fail- him'! She might prove hersdf brave "and loyal in the oracial hour. He felt be did not know Hewn chorousthly. She was a sweet rose, "set witb little wilful thorns.". Me oould not tall how far her pretty . little vaysrardoen and girlish .eajmoee were w n dnles on (he surf»ue, what depths of love «nt3wth and uoumgisnteCijioi lie in hencath. While she sumtend on elowly, ieep in thought, his footfall soundless -on the loose, sandy Boil, he heard -a voice on .the other side of the dander fringe of rinea that bordered the grove. - KoTSdea!* voice, be had never hard that tone in it. And yet it was like hen—that roiee with the tesder thrill, the throb and pnlse 'of living passion, of which he had never known it capable. ".Walter—Walter after all these years ! r * "My dading, my darling!' 1 munnumd the man's voice, shaken and' busky, but Lawrence's voice. Jobu Aruscniug .made a noiseless step forward, looked out of the shadow whUh couoealed him from {heir -view,- and saw Hden, . his' bride-deut, dinging to Fiawrence, his arm round her, her hioe uplifted in the moonlight tn his. Hor the tooaieut they had fnrfcotten .all die world but each other. She had forgotten John, and he the stain upon his name, the cause of bis exile. She was firstto remember the barrier. "Oh, Walter, no—no! Xict me go! I must tdl you—I am not free !" " Is it you, then—you who were engaged to Armstrong P" "Tes. He is the best aud truest of men," with a sob in her voice. " Walter, now that we have met, it can only be to part." Johu Armstrong heard no more. Had he not been standing there as if atricken to stone, paralysed, he would not have beard so much. He turned with a groping, staggering gesture, like a mau reeliug, blinded, bepeath a stunning blow, yet careful that no sound of- his going should startle them as he went, and left them there together. The moonlightflooded landscape was black to him ; he seeme to be groping hia way through great darkness, his face set front the house towards whioh his steps had been bent. How oould he face Helen now f It was Helen whom he had wronged; it was Hden whom he- had robbed Of bfr love, albdt all unwittingly. He had thought of Lawrenoe'a unnamed love as far off, in the old country. But there was no far-away girl in England—it was Hden, here,! For her dear sake he had thought of keeping the silence that would have sealed ue sentence of exile from home and love on fjawrence—and Lawrence waB the man die loved. Tet she would keep her faith with him. She had said it herself! .And Lawrenoe would not claim her so long as the stain of suspected crime clnug to his name. John Armstrong saw that he oould hold her still I It was Christmas Day; the sun ehone on the evergreen pines and the glossy foliage of the orange trees and thdr golden -fruit, and i-ky and lake were one< monotone of radiant azure. John and Helen were walking in the grove, and both were taoiturn and ill- atease. "Helen, my girl," he said breaking a long silence as they drew near the spot where she and Walter bad met last night, " I had been thinking what I oould get you for a Christmas present, wondering what would please you best, And I found out, last night." "Last nightP But you didn't come last night P" "Tes, I came, Hden. I came. I came this way," pointiug to the border of trees, "and I was here. I saw—I heard." Helttn started, aud the colour rushed to ber face, then ebbing, left it deadly pile. Bnt though she was dismayed, she aid not blench. She was tou proud to quail as guilt might quail. Rather, there was even a touch of reproach in her tone as die answered, " V'ou were here, JohnP Tou heard?" " By accident." His brown cheek flushed now. " I heard only a few words. I hurried away. Tou don't think that I'd play eavesdropper ou purpose, Helen P" No. no, John ! But if you heard anything, I wish you had heard all I Tou would have un lei-stood that I—I was -startled, taken by surprise. I had never dreauit that he) Walter, was .living, when I—when you—" she hesitated painfully, yet not as one abashed or ashamed—then added, "never until lastaight!" " 1 know, I know, my brave trne-hearted girl!" he aud. " Tou're not to blame— you've been straight and square." * " And be." Ae interposed, hastily. "And he too/' Johu Armstrong rejoined, "he did not know. Nor I, Helen, do me justice, too .' I did not know that the man I chummed with at Ooala,-4vhom I knew as Lawrence, was Walter 8tretton." " Walter Lawreuoe Stretton," ahe explained. Tes, I know, he lias told me, it is his eeound name," be said, winning a UtUeat her eagerness to explain on hS behalf. " But I did not know that-Walter Stretton was the name of the man" you oared fur! We none of. us knew." It's been a chapter of mistakes all round. Bnt now—now I see what I oau give you, Hden! I oau give you your free dotn." John, no—you are too good!" she protested with remorseful tenderness—what is to a man the. terrible frank tenderness qf. the. woman who does not love him!" "No, sotUiat!" be said, recoiling from the won! '•good" ou ber lips. " Wait— wait, Hdetfl till you've hsen alL I give you bark your freedom aad something more 1, I give into your band the means of dearioir Walter Stretton's name. Fbilin SHeteoti's death waa no murder! I ought to know, beoause—because the socideiit—it waa au accident! was brought abiut br tne-l" "Tou, John! Qh, John, a re you mad P" die fell back from him with doubt, fear, honor, iii her eyes. . . "No. I'm not mad, unless it's madness to tell you the trnth. It waa iny hand caused Philip Strefton's death." ^ •"Tours? Then, who, what—are you f" "What I've always been, to you and all tiie world, plain John Armstrong 1" "Tou wfre there, at Holborough at the tiaeP But—how was thatP and whU hcd you to do with Philip Sn«ttonf We never -anew anything about you." " No. You never kuew me nor my sister, my. poor little sister Llnie. Bnt Fhflip Strettnn knew her; I dam aay be dida't talk of her to you. We waren't-af your set, you see. Ton always knew I never eoooealed from you that I hadn't moved in the same olaas you'd been aijciutomed to.mix ^wich. T<w knew that, and were willing Jto aooept '•Yea! Ton -wereyourself tojne.V "Thst'a Aow it .is we never mat at Holhomugh- I was only then now and Jinn for a time, and w* moved in difisont etUts. ^ty dater wu«s goi>a a girl as ever breathed, bttt ddieato. ai.eBUy pale tUnrr%bd «f • ItaOpmitUtmaa't .. bk attention Vg» txr^pJaytHag ^l ^ itt»rt. We W y inads l fa hfas-4w Itl^f^ Jam wmds rati fcigb rd ao intent nor ikenM ffM^oatb^m to t life or limh when l ^SbT^^I 7 *** eteuag, asd I pipposfi la yy afcjwr t Ut harder than I meant.' It w)M joft 'by ..««fl ohanoe that be fell with Ida tsnM On a aharp stone. If Td let him lie as he fd(, It would have been plain enough how it happened^ But in my horror and dismay I lifted him up, and moved Mm, tiying to reoall' him to .Vie. It . never ' tjioorred to . me, I was so •tunned, «i»t die •ton left lying there would )imb. been supposed to have been used aa a w$apoa,atall less-thai young Walter Stretton would be na^jeoted." "Why did you nbt oome forward and tell the truth P" " Because, I own it to yon, Hden, I was a coward—for my miter's take more than for my own! ' It wbold have' killed Uxzie to have bsd my name ooupled with his death, and ber name dogged u and inniBpronaiied, as it must have been. * I thofaght to aave my sister's good name and peace of niind. It was not until 1 was far away that I beard bow Walter - Stretton ' hid been arrested and discharged for want of evidenoe. I thought the —attf ended there —wasvonneooooern of nine. Sat I see now, a man's deed is amatter of his life for ever—be can never geflway 'from it 1" "And—your daterT" braath^dHelen. "She died! I took this silenoe on my oonsoiwiBe far her aske, in vain. Xeeenow tiiat it was aerime. But I didn't know— -believe me, Helen, I never knew bow Walter Stretton bad suffered from it. And'I didn't know it was your heart I was nearly breaking! But now ifs not too late to atone to you both. Tou were bis, first. I give you hack to him! I'll give you a written statement-telling exactly bow Philip Stretton's death oame about. If that's not enough, I'll go baok to England and make my declaration there." " It is enough ! it shall be enough! Tou dull not so hack to run the smallest risk! Ob,' John/I cannot aocept this sacrifice from you!" But yet, in her heart, she knew, and he knew, that the saorifioe was already accepted. - When Walter Stretton came, obeying a mesBsge from Armstrong, to Weston's Grove, he found John and Hden hand looked in hand, and it waa hard to say which was the paler in this parting hour. Johu turned and put Helen's hand in Walter's. " She has a great deal to tdl you, Lawneons," be said, and his strong voioe shook a little. " I'll leave yott together." Teen were in Helen's eves, but John Armstrong smiled, for the heart throb of sacrifice is a pain that stings like joy. Ife turned away and left them—together. 