A NOBLE SACRIFICE. CHAPTER XXXI (Continued). He put his hand to liis aching brow, and tried to remember what lie had lately done in tlie matter. It seemed to him that he recollected sending his tool, Ezelciel Mowle, instructions to sell out his shares and close his connection with the affair, but his brain would not act with its usual readiness in the direction of his ordinary business ; it was all' too absorbed in the more important matter of life and death. Had he or had he not given the proper instructions to Mowle ? He tried to put the question, the whole business out of his head, but the instincts of t.hc)money| spinner ovor-reachcd the cunning caution of the criminal, and with a muttered oath he put up the trapdoor in the cab and told the mau to drive him to Ethelred Chambers in the city. Cabmen are accustomed to these sudden redirections, and without a word the man turned his horse iu the direction of the city. .l< Your guv'nor did n't know his own mind,' growled Setli's cabman through the hole in the roof. Follow him," said Scth, whose blood beginning to stir within his veins, as the lurcher's or the slcuthound's will when hot upon the trial. Bartlcy Brabstouo's cab pulled up at Ethelred Chambers, and telling the cab man to wait he went up the steps, and without knocking opened the door of a dingy office and walked in; Ezekiel Mowle was seated at a table, his huge mouth open, his lantern jaws working eagerly as lie sprawled over a desk, writing apparently [or life. The office, the furniture of which would not liaye realised five-and-thirty shillings, was in extreme disorder, and a Gladstone bag was lying half open on the floor, as • if it had been hurriedly thrown there. Mr. Mowle looked up with a start, and, uttering an exclamation, covered the paper before him with his huge bony hand, IE his employer had been a ghost—and, indeed, Bartlcy Bradstone looked not unlike one—Mr. Mowle could not have been more startled. " Mr. Bradstone, sir ! This is a sur prise. How do you do, sir? I am afraid you're not looking well. Take a chair, Mr. Bradstone," and he drew the chair out and stood with his head thrust forward, rubbing liis hands and eyeing Bartlcy Bradstone^vith a wary and still i startled watchfulness. •' Bartley Bradstone took oil his hat and > wiped his brow. • " I am not very well, Mowle," lie said.. " I have come up on important busi ness. What the devil is the officc .ini such a state for? Where are you,' going?" „ ' I Mr. Mowle changed colour, but stoodj rubbing his hands and working his long^ neck. " The fact is, Mr. Bradstone, I was; just thinking of coming down to you." " Coming down to me !" said Bartley^ Bradstone with a frown. " Why—well, sir, I wanted to place a' few matters before you. The fact is, things are not very bright in the city of late, and I have not had the advantage of your advice quite so much, and per haps you have heard the news." " What news ?" asked Bartley Brad stone. "I allnde.to the South Indian Bank, Mr. Bradstone," said Mr. Mowle, liass^. ' Hartley Bradstone witli the same watch-1* ful and deprecatory manner. " Well, what about it ?'' said Bartley Bradstone ; " I wrote and gave you in structions to sell those South Indian Bank shares a week ago." Mr. Mowle gave a little start, and shook his head apologetically. a " I—I beg your pardon, sir ; r think there is a misunderstanding,"as if hejwcre trying to gain time to collect himself. " Misunderstanding ! What do you mean ? Do you mean to say I'didn't write?" ' I did not say you did not write, Mr. Bradstone j but I certainly did, npt re ceive the letter." Bartley Bradstone rose and clutched the back of his chair, and for a moment seemed incapable of speech, and then ho said— " Do you mean. to tell 111c .that' the shares of the South Indian still stand in my name ?" ♦ Mr. Mowle put out one hand. " No, no, 110, Mr. Bradstone, I don't say that," he said with a sudden change face ; " I said you have not written.'' "Pray take a seat. Pray sit down again, sir, and compose yourself. For tunately, I have had my eye upon the bank for sonic time past, and when the critical moment came I sold out." • Bartley Bradstone sank into a chair, and drew a breath of relief. ■' That is well, Mowlo," he said. " You gave me a turn ! If you had not unloaded those shares for me things would have looked bad. Now I want to realise those things." lie took a list from liis pocket and handed it to Mr. Mowle. ilr. Mowle went back to the table and examined the list with respectful anxi ousncss, and as he did so lie put up his hand before his face, which underwent' some peculiar changes of expression. " I think I had better see to some of these things at once, sir," he said. ' "Do," said Bartley Bradstone curtly. " Will you wait, sir ? Or will yon come in again ? I shan't be more than half an hour or so. I hope tilings are all well down at The Maples, Mr. Brad stone. What a lovely place it is, to be sure ; quite a palace. And Mrs. Brad stone, sir—I do trust she is better. What a painful, mysterious affair that murder is, sir!'" " Yes, yes,'' said Bartley Bradstone. " Yes, Mrs. Bradstone is better, and n man's being tried for the murder, I think I'll go down to the bank while you sell the stock. Why the devil don't you open the window in this room?. It smells like a cliarnel house," and lie wiped his burning forehead. "Yes, yes, it is, sir," said Mr. Mowle; " it is rather close," as he shuffled to the window and made a vain attempt to open it. \Bartley Bradstone put on his hat and walked out of the room, telling the cab man to wait while he walked to the bank. There he changed a cheque, The cashier did not, as usual, scoop out the money with a respectful suiile, but took the cheque apparently into the managers room. He came" out after a minute or two and changed the cheque. " We have not had your passbook for some weeks, sir," he said, as lie passed" the money over. • (To be conlinued) _ 