The Lord's Supper. E. C. U. 'DECLARATION.' \- At 'the annual meeting of the English Church Union (E.C.TJ.), hold in London a few weeks ago, Lord Halifax, tlio President, in closing his speech,' referred to the 'Decla- ration', on tlio Lord's Suppee, which had been drawn up by the Union, antl csbed thoao 'who desired to bear witness to on Lord's Adorable Presence in the Most Holy Sacrament of the Altar, and to the worship, both inward and ontward, that is due to Him in that Sacrament,' to siguify their assent by standing up; and this all did. In the same speech Lord Halifax thus cnnj;essed his own faith, and that of his fcllowirirembefs, 'jG-od ha'4 in the womb of /the BIess-£l Virgin, Crod lai(Kh a manger, God dying on the cros3, God present in the Most Holy Sacrament of the Altar, under the forms of Brfad and 'Wine — that is our faith ; that is the faith we desire to proclaim.' Tlio following is the 'Declaration' re ferred to in the last paragraph : — ' We, the members of the E.C,U., holding fast to the faith and teaching of the ono Holy Catholic and Apostolic Church, that in the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper the Bread and tVinc, through the operation of the Holy Ghost, become in and by consecration, according to our Lord's institution, verily and indeed the Body and Blood of Christ, and that Christ our Lord, present in the same Most Holy Sacrament cf tLe Altar, under the form of Bread and Wine, is to be worshipped and adored, 'desire, in view of present circum stances, to affirm, in accordance with the teaching of the Church, our belief in this verity of the Christian Faith, and to declare that we shall abide by all such teaching and practice as follow from this doctrine of the whole Catholic Church o£ Christ,' The meaning and significance of the 'De- claration' is thus stated by the 'Church Review:' — 'If that which lies upon the Altar be the Body of the Lord, as He Him self said It was, It it That essentially and nothing else. Of a grossly carnal figment, such as in the doctrine of Consubstantia tton, the Church, of coursn, knows nothing. If onr Lord's words be true, the whole suh stance of the Bread has bsen made info the whole substance of the Saving Victim. That is what the declaration . . : means. This and nothing else. To this the members of the Union to-day leaffiun their adherence. This is their answer to tho pronouncements made at Lambeth on the 1st of May.' 