A Regrettable Metamorphosis. Punch is now published in entirely new form, thereby announcing that it surrenders ana gives up the ghost (says a London letter in the Argus.) Most significant iB the virtual disappearance ot this famous comic paper, which had long been one of the nation's minor institutions, and a valuable expres sion of social life in the Victorian era. That public which looked ud to Punch, admired its nictures. even laughed at its humour, haB passed away or is transformed; tbe literary illusions, enthusiasms, assertivenes3 of its early contributors are no longer possible. It was a more faithful, more Eingle minded, more insular world than now exists, which considered the beBt political wit and wisdom of the moment to be embodied quite per fectly in Tenniel'a weekly caitoon, and the last word on British humour of the Boiial and domestic order in Leech's or DuMaurier'a drawings. Linley Sambourne'B work wbb never popular, but it was impressive. Charles Keene was a vulgar, scratchy artist, whose spurious fame proveB that tho British middle-class are as critical judges of art as their forefathers were, Harry FurneEB, who waB taught to draw by Punch's engraver, was a great loss to the paper. Phil. May, who was taken on of lato years bb ' new blood,' and in the hope of saving tho situation, at once became dull and commonplace as a Pnnch artiBt. Buraand ought to have resigned the editorship 15 years ago. The new-pattern Punch contains a paragraph about a writer who was ' driven to steel penB in order to make a living' — ateel and steal, you see. This joke waa first made about Gillott sume sixty-five years ago. Probably all joses in tho English lBllgua e which are makable have been made already, while improper jokes, on which the French comic papers subsist, are barred in this country. Tbe real trouble with our comio papers nowadayaia that peoplo won't do or say comic, ludicrous things. Everybody talks and acts like everybody else. ParvenuB are not conspicuously or sketcbubly loud or vulgar Ancient peers and dowagers are not haughty nnd eccentric. Medical Btudents and undergraduates are not loud and rollicky j if they aro, it is in a subtle, half-toned way. Even cooks, cabmen, and costmongers — once the mainstay of tho comic artist or journalist — are only too like their neighbours. „ 