A Famous Trial. THE KANAKA AND THE CHOW A VERDlCl OF filURDER. STRANGE PROCEEDINGS. A GRUESOME END. Bv A.R.F.J. " Now, mind you say * Not Guilty.' You savee ? " A poor miserable wretch of a Chinaman was cowering iu the corner of a dark, dismal, damp i f the calaboose at Apia, the chief town of the island of Upohi, in the Samoan group. This was the scat of Government of H*'s Majesty Maligna Lauj.epa aud the residence of the Biitith, Gtrrnan, and Ameiican Consuls, who looked after the interests of the European popu'ation in the islands. The treaties which had been entered into between these powers and the Samoans in 1879 invested the Consols with power to deal with offences committed within a certain radiats of the village, termed the municipality, whether by natives or Europeans; hut outside this district the King and his Parlia- ment dealt with all crimes " against the State in that case made and provided," perpetrated by any individual belonging to any other nationality than those mentioned above. At the time of which I write, the " Slatate Book" was not encumbered with uiany useless Acts, ai»d it would have been rathtr a difficult matter to obtain a copy of any Act supposed to be in foice, even by searching the royal archives. However, Malietoa determined to follow English laws as far as possible, and one law that was adopted, though whether an Act was passed to that effect or not is doubtfal, was that one so dear to all Englishmen—Trial by Jury. The Chinaman to whom the opening words of my story were were addressed had been arressted some months previous t> mv arrival in Samoa on a charge of shooting a native girl, of whom lie bad, with or without cause, become exceedingly jealous. On his arrest by the Samoan authorities he bad appealed to the American Consul for protection, stating that he was au American subject. The only evidence he could bring forward to substantiate this claim, however, was that once he had been cook ou a vessel flying the American fltg. An ordinary individual would hardly have thought that thi6 would have given him the ghost of a right to citizenship of that almighty nation, but consols are not ordinary individuals, and always jealously guard the rights, or supposed rights, of their countrymen. So the result was that the matter was referred with all due solemnity to the authorities at Washington for their decision. For a period of about six months, during which time no doubt the leading authorities of the Unite 1 States carefully aud diligently considered the momentous question, the prisoner was kept in the building used as a gaol in the municipality, and was let out daring the day to weed the streets, bask in the warm sunshine, and occupy himself as best he pleased, on the distinct understanding that he returned in the evening to be duly locked np, which be invariably did. However, the end was approaching, for one day a lengthy official document arrived, stating with all due solemnity that the greatest nation on earth repudiated the lowly Chinaman, would have nothing to do with him in fact, and abandoned him to his fate. He was to be handed over to the Samoan Government to do as they thought fit with. There was a great stir in the little village as soon as the contents of this commnnication became known, both among the native population and the whites. Expectation was on tiptoe. It was soon settled there was to be a trial by j Ur y—the first in the land—and for murder, too. Where would the case be tried ? Who would be the judge 1 How would the jury be chosen ? These and like topics were eagerly discusstd by excited little groups for at least one day ; the enervating cffeit of th climate prohibiting further exertion in such a direction. The authorities, however, were not long in making np their uiiuds. Probably they had made them up long before, for such an important event as you may be sure the likelihood of a trial by jury had been carefully discussed during the interval between the arrest and the arrival of the important despatch banding over the victim to their tender meraes. So it was at once decided that the jury was to be a mixed one, consisting of one-half native Samoans aud the other half of Europeans, and the trial was fixed to take place in a couple of days. There was one lawver resident in the place. In what oat of the way spot on this globe is there not ? He had been retained to defend the prisoner by the Chinese inhabitants who, though they seemed to care very little about the fate of their countryman, thought it necessary to tbeir dignity and standing in the community that he should have the benefit of counsel. The prosecution wae to be conducted by the magistrate of the municipality at the special request of the King, the magistrate being the only person whom they could procure who knew anything about the procedure of a court of law. The fateful day arrived. A 1 »v« ly morning, bright, calm aud praceful, the heat of the tropical sun tempered by the cool breeze of the trade wind which was so gent'.e as hardly to cause a ripple on the bosom of the azure waters of the reef-bound bay. A morning to Eaunter slowly under the shade of the tall palms and dream—build castle3 in the air, at peace with all the world—a morning when it was good to be alive. But in the village all the male population was astir moving hurriedly about with keen expectation depicted on their faces. They might be seen making their way towards Mulinou Point where the novel and interesting drama—or comedy—was to be performed. I had gone up to the township to obtain the services of an interpreter, as I had an appointment with the King that morning, but was informed that the interpreter was engaged lb* the trial, and that such a comparatively unimportant matter as a visit to his majesty must be postponed. The magistrate, whom I met in a great state of excitemcnt, askvd me to come and have a look at the prisoner. Curiosity led me to aoccpt the iuvitation, and we proceeded t J the cells where, to my astonisbmeut, the.official gave the wretch a lot of good advice. " Now, mind jou say'Not guilty'"—You savee?" were the farting words of this most considerate official. Just as we were leaving the American Consul bustled up looking very important aud very hot, with a couple of large law books nnder his arui. " You go to the trial, of course," he said to me. "Well, I hadn't thought of doi-ig so." 4 Do come, I wish you would. " How is it you seem to take such an interest in the, case, seeing that his Government wouli have nothing to do with the man." "Well," he said, "you know he claimed to be an American citizen, aud though they repudiate him at Washington, still I think I ought to do what I can for him." " I was told that the poor devil was to be defended by a lawyer 7" " That's it," replied the Cmsul with some warmth. " That lawyer fellow got £5 to defend him and now says he must have £15 more or he won't appear, while the Chinamen think they have done quite enough for the honor of China, and won't give another sixpence." We strolled thiouge the palms, when he suddenly turned to me and said Will you defend him ? Do please, as a favcr to me?" I laughed at the idea, hut ultimately agreed to accompany bim to the trial and assist him by suggesting any point which occurred to me as being in the prisoner's favor. Nestling among broad-leaved bananas, stately palms, and bright-hued creeppw, large native house—with its domed thatched roof, supported on short uprights — the cocoanut blinds drawn up—was surrounded by a motely crowd of natives and Europeans of all nations, who were waiting anxiously for the beginning of the proceedings. This was the court bouse for the occasion. 'ihe arrival of the consul with the ponderous law books under his aim (what he intended to do with them puzzled me) lead to a good deal of speculation among those assembled, and much curiosity was aroused as to the part he was tJ take in the proceedings. We entered the hut and found inside a , email table and chair at one sid^while a couple of forms were arranged on another. Certainly the appointments of this hall of justice had not cost the country a large amount of expenditure, and pointed a lesson in economy which, in these day£ of large deficits, might well be followed by more civilised communities.. Shortly after our fti rival the hum of conversation outside suddenly ceased as a tall, dusky figure, draped only in a snow white lava lava or waistclotb, and carrying the inevitable flyflap, appeared on the scene and took his seat at the little table. This was the judge— another lesson in economy. No gorgeous and expensive robes, no full-bottomed wig, no knee breeches, no lace ruffles, nothing but a lava lava pure and simple. Yet that man, as he sat there, quite onceitain as lo what was expected of him, looked as full of dignity and as proud of his position as the most begowned. bewiged bebrteclied and beruffled Lord e High Chancellor could erer do. The judge, haling taken bis seat; on which he seemed anything but comfortable, the prisoner was brought in, and as many of tbe crowd as there was room for took their seats on the whole available floor space, sitting cross-legged according to island custom, the remainder lounged against the trees outside. The position in which the natives sit may be comfortable for those who are accustomed to it, but to the uninitiated it is dccidedly unpleasant, not to say painful, after a short time, and to sit any other way would have been a gross contempt of court. What the result would have been to some of the Europeans present had the case lasted as long as say, Coningham divorce case, I shudder to think. The proceedings then began. First a Christian Samoan interpreter was sworn iu on the Bible, and then a heathen Chinese interpreter, who went through the ceremony of blowing out a lighted match. After a good deal of whispering and gesticulation between the judge and and the magistrate the latter read the charge to the prisoner, to whom, I presume it was duly explained. More whispering this time between the iut r- preter and tlie prisoner, with tbe result that tbe former announced. " He say no kilke." Then th» jury was callvd. A mixed jury. Well, it was a mixed jury. What the occupation of the Samoan half were I am unable to state, but I presume that in our courts'" they would be described as " gentlemen," as they certainly never did any work, had no banking account, and yet continued to look slevk, healthy and well oiled. The European half, however, could hardly claim tin same title on the same doubtful grounds, for they all looked as if they had done plenty of work of very varied descriptions. . There were among them two Englishmen, two Germans, one Frenchman, and a, well, it would be hard to cay, from his curious blend of features, what the .nationality of the sixth wan was, but he seemed to take great interest in the proceedings, and strange to say, seemed as if he had been there before. The prosecutor was about to open the case for tbe Crown, when up jumped my friend the Consul, looking very red and flurried, and hurriedly adjusting his glasses and fumbling with one o c his ponderous tomes. He began to address the court with a burst of ehquence which, however, was shorn of its effect by the fact that whatever he said had to be interpxeUd, sentence by stntenc, into Samoan, for the benefit of the judge and balf the -jury, and also ii.to Chinese for the ^di&cation; of the prisoner. The mixed European portion of the jury was left to understand as best they could. It would have been worth a trifle, if only for the purpose of fully appreciating the interpretations of the unique legal address, to have been both a Chinese and Samoan scholar. Tbe speech was full of long words and American law terms and precedents; and as both interpreters could hardly speak English, mncB less understand it, it is quite probable that the only effect of the disjointed oratory was to utterly bcfo3 the actors in the scene. The worthy Gcnsul, however, waB determined to exercise to the full his permission to address the Court, and apparently oblivious of the probability that the words never reached the cars for which they were intended, proceeded to instruct the judge, the prosecutor, and all present as to their duties by reading extracts from the law of California. He explained at length the American law in regard to murder, adding a running fire of comments and explanations of his own, and at last he got so jumbled up that I defy the cleverest lawyer in any country to have made head or tail of the whole thing. However, he was perfectly satisfied with His own rhetoric, and resumed bis seat beaming all over He, no doubt, felt that he had put everything in working order, and had made an address worthy|of the representative of his great country, and that if the Samoans did not wish to be annexed by America right off the reel it was no fault; of his. After the effect of the outburst had subsided somewhat, the prosecutor proceeded to detail the facts of the case. These were briefly that the prisoner and his victim had been living together, aud that after a time she can away and left him. He then went about threatening to shoot her, and one night came into a room and discovered the girl there with several other Chinamen. A quarrel ensued, he drew a revoUMt, the light was knocked oat, and he -sh-»t the girl, who die I fclmoetimmediately. The witnesses were nearly a'J Chinese, who were sworn, some by simply blowing oat a lighted match and others by barbarously cutting off a cock's head. The evidence was very clear and soon over, despite the Ifeeble attempt of the Consul to cross-examine the witnesses. He kept turning to me and saying " Isn't there anything to ask this man ?" or," Do suggest some questions." To satisfy him I did suggest that it ought have been an accident. ** Ah, yes J good, very good, ®u accident ; yes, of course." So he proceeded to ask every witness whether the fatal occurrence was not an accident, bnt none of them seemed at all inclined to take that view of the case, much to the good man's extreme discomfiture. He gave up the job in despair. Even if they had all said it might have been an accident I am afraid that it would have made very little difference, as the jury had quite made np their minds about the verdict before the case began. There were ao long speeches. The judge did not sum op the evidence : it would have puzzled bim to do so. He simply looked at the jury when his turn came : that was quite sufficient. Some member of the jury had evident'y served in that capacity before, or had been present at a more formal trial elsewhere, the result being that they retired to consider their verdict in all proper form. Their retiring room was capacious aud airy enough, being a spot under a clump of trees about 50 yards from the Court house. Here they lit their pipes or cigarettes as the case might be and had a smoke and a chat, the Samoas and the Europeans in separate groups, while the crowd watched them with evident awe from a short distance and discusscd the question when the execution would take place and who would act as hangman. After abont a quarter of an hour when they had finished their smoke the Jury came back and delivered their verdict of; " Guilty of murder in tbe first degree according to the law of California." The judge looked very stern and moved uneasily on his chair, apparently not knowing cxactly what to do, or what was expected of him. Then he adjourned the Court till next day, saying he would think o\er the ma'to. The crowd dispersed, (he prisoner was taken aw*y, my, interpn ter was free to escort me to the king and the first Trial by Jury in S:imo i w virtually over. On the iu* mnv the Court assembled, but did not not attract much attention as it was uuJeistoj'd tl at the ^oor wretch <if ;» Chiuamin w -s to die ou the scaffold. Ii' ill Ju'g! had b*n in no burrry "o pa^s sentence, he was determined there should be no delay iu its execution, for he stiitenced the prisraer to be han-/Hl next morning. The misaioi;ari?s live stepped in, and pointed out that according to the customs of civilised nations it was u ? ual to give the condemned man a little time in which to repent of his 6ins. After a good deal of pressure had been brought to bear it was decided to postpone the execution for a week. The real reason for this wa?, I be'icve, that the gallows could n.t be got ready in less time. The fates willed, however, that there should be forth T delay, for the night before the sentence was to be earned into effect^ there was a terrific hurricane, which de^ vastatei half the island, and amongst other damage, destroyed the gallows. In another wet k they were again erected, and tbe unhappy Chinaman was duly hanged in the orthoiox manner,'the arrangements, I was informed, being perfect. Evidently there was an expert among the populace. Perhaps that juryman—who knows ? The grim comedy did not end with the hanging. The Sams having in their own way satisfied justice by putting the poor devil to death did not regard, it as any part of their duty to bury him. They evidently regarded this as the doty of the Chinaman's own friends, and having roughly coffined the body, dumped it down in the middle of the street in the Chinese quarter. This gave rise to a dispute which, despite the circumslances, was absolutely ludicrous. " He Chinaman you bury " was the burden of the Sams argument. " No, no, you killee, you bury " was the more logical rejoinder of the Chow. By this time the coffin bad bacome the centre of a mob of dusky young imps who had gathered from all parts of the village, and gamboled around it with yells of delight. There tbe hideous object lay for several hoars, until the consuls informed the Samoan authorities that it was their business to dispose of the corpse. Sullenly the natives obeyed, but how they disposed of the coffin and its conteuls was never definitely known—but, outside the reef the sea was deep, and -t was somewhat too hot to dig graves. 