. -" Mint:to,the Problem.:, Rich,. A The % oldr question,'. "Is ptincer curable?'' having again been, raised 'I-HE. IIULLETI-V published in.ai recent , issue the following: article,-; from* the gen of* an- esteemed: medical 1 contributor, v/hich will, we - are- sure,' bo read> with interest- and piofit by many ©Sour, readers- • " On,the basis of the figures for lS9G one out of every 14 men. and oner oufc< of- every nine women veuehiug the age of - 35 yew* dies< of. cancer.", Thus - Dr. Newslioime, state aiedicul expert t> London University, in> ujeeoul article ou.'"The. Statistics of Cancer." Among- th'e bUI- glasses and cultivation- . media of a hundred. laboratories a. battle. is being fought out ILI'I a stake of,:humau lives besids-which; the WRIS . of : mati I with; man shrink-into uothinguess.- All over .the -world the death-rate from eaucer has been -rapidly advancing,-, audi it is now classed as " the oaly diaeise which ,shows a.sveady and progressive increment by . .iionths and by yearsla 50 years-of English statistics its harvest has increased 500'-percent; Twenty yens - oliAustralian observation show the N.S.\W canceri deaths to.' have, increased from '2 5i> percent, of • all deaths- iti'. 1877- to ;V2;i per cent, in 1397:1 Victoria goes high'-i—3 87 to 6*60 ptr cent, in . the name, period, while ti.e oiuer provinue3- giva corresponding ieSdiu. iA oii.figures show the question .;o lie uo •rHi;!^-(!-b[-;.iu( d suicnt.i.-t's dr< am ro b3<dismissed- with uirv disbelief, but a probo lent denwiidiug the soleinn.attention ot those in whose limitis has beetu placed the public wtlitu e. Oiir p/eseut knowledge has come • from the.e(iL>ris of. fcinglo workers,- but .this By-tern—or lack', of i system—c.iunob- be expected to result , in-i rapid Buccess,- The enemy must be attacked,i. not by. single skiuin.-iiers and! forlorn hopes however bnivt.* „nd pe-severing, . but by-, a. wellsqai r pi;d ui'u;y of experts in..touuh.alL along. Ill* line. To understand the nature of the difficulty it is neteaMuyito grasp the peculiarities of ivucer.- It is a growth which appears either itdepend< utly iu the> body-tissues or founds its"'f by a sueming process-of infection.in an already-existing growth* or structure—such as a mole or scar;-. Is grows steadily,at the fxptuae of its host, dons not tend towards cuie, and, .af ter a time, infects distant parts with' growths similasi to itselflv. A steady poisoning of, the victim goes on meanwhile, partly.through the.absorptiom.of the decay* iug caucer-ctlls, audi pai-tl^ through the a rtion of a pcisou produced from.the growings cells. The - uniiappv. bearer of., this ghastly, burden,-, unless relieved i by\ the. kuife at: an early, stiiue, .wastes -to a painstrickeu ghost* tortuied. by continual new foci, which..eat into., the vital oralis, .ind p/aying for the means of release from his living d.aih., Surgical-., technique hasim.. proved enormous! yj-. surgical, knowledge, grows daily, butthe deathrrate from.cancer creeps - steadilyv upwaidf .-. This.- expressed* opiuiou of t .e greatest of- surgical authori.-. ti< a-gives but one eflioient. remedy—the knife, freely used att aa. early stage, the more freelv and the earlier the better. The so-called cares, methyleua. blue, alcohol injections, arsenic, caustics,-^ and-the rest-, are worce than futile, despite the purchased testimonials of the noble army. of quacks qualified and .quacks unqualified.:. »» *« »•• For'the. benefit of thbsevwbo may clesit e scientific : nomenclature it • is well to .state that both sarcomai-and, carcinoma are here considered. The pathologist^ .wrapping up MB ideas and tying hard knots in the string, has seen fit to divide-iraligti&nt; disease into these two classes,-but as both'.are malignant, (i.e., producei- dea'h; if nct>; removed,i and spread by, the production of,similar growths in other parts)-the difference is not essential from, humanitarians point of,? viewy. The tumor is evidently but • thai reaction of the tissues to an.infecting irritant of some kind, and this irritant is probably i much t the same in both cases/ Probably^-there's the, rub, It is to identify; .isotate. and .cultivate the . organi»m that scientists are working,, and ' until it iaso identified , alb;medicinal treatment will be empirical and without hope; The-causative influences .-cfd cancer have formed a widely-discu^ed question from time to time, and curious facts are to- be brought out. The " tomato theory," beloved of the stnsational,press, may be-, dismissed without a- etaiui on > the«- character-t of > the- fruit Injury, too, such as a blow j so often ascribed as a cause,-,is almostriblameless.- It may light up * aa-* already-existing^ growths but cannot actually>cause-it- • Essentially a disease of civilisation and its attendant erowding.together of individuals, cancer- shows-a • special; liking -foi» certain latitudes and localities. Temperate climates form its chief i home (except in «the case,of- India,, where-otheri causes operate in-,its favor), and the courses of great rivfirs where aa clay, subsoiHis periodically! soaked by floods, j yield • the highest. rates ~ of cancer mortality. All new geological formations favor it.. It shows a curious connection with, or antagonism to, tubercle, and one remarkable characteristic is here stated.' In a- family, possessing hereditary-, tendency towards-, tubercle,-, and of whioh many members die of the disease in one form or another, there is usually one member who seemsi immune- from 'it. This- one'will • almost certainly,' die of cancer.ii ho - reach Middle age, and) will ! transmit an-especiaily marked cancer teodeney to his descendants • In, Australia at present tubercle mortality is aapidly goi g down as that of oancerimounts up._ Heredity. ia< marked; Paget and Valpeau state that it: accoaiits for 1 in 3 of alb. case.-. It consists,', noti of, any aetual germ- transmitted infection, but of a general fiailty of tissue which > predisposes to the disease. , . Medical men ar* often asked " whether oanoer. is catching P" Public opinion o»; this point has undergone a-curious change,. for up to the beginning of the piesent •entury oanceroas subjects were shunned arlepers are at present, outsido Queensland. M«d.»i. men are seriously considerirg the qjiestion; and Mti Plimmer's recent ex peri, ments throwa little light on it. Inoculation nas. been- mad& from, man to animals in tUtanerous. necorded' cases, all the domestic tttuaL-laexcsgt the pig being liable to the Ki*a«». In, animals, thr.tructura of the W W Ml WaatJi-suaila*: te-those gecurrinp i«; m,n. Petia have contracted it from afH cted owners, and there seems no reanon why. the converse should not occur. It has oqcurred, i&t; fact, as Hyatt,. Gross and 'Other»,t<estify. Dr. Box.had under his care a man,;-who3e tongue bad been punctured bys ai.ravV 1 jfishbone, and- who died oft cancer: which spitad rapidly from the wound.' Tlie same observer.states-positively that cancer of the sto'maulii,is-frequent-amougsfe those vklio habitually,eat oeruiii small:; fish whesa bonea-' are' tins enough • to bo, sw-allowed. Going., further' afield?, the- discovery* of the transmission of malaria by mosquitoes makes it probabte.ilmb' these and other insects-of like.habits may play a similar, part.ia,the transmission of .eaueeiv. ' Numerous-instances ara known of direct tra.usii.issiOn irom. one human to. auother. Stirgeous hive beetl infected . during!, the operutious for the, removal of cancers—a case recently oocuriec id Paris. In operating fur- ciuioer, the kuife is laid aside after the diseased structure has been,, cut away, and h clean one employed oil the suriound-. iug healthy part*, exuetienae hiaving shown the pps«bility\ of: new, foci o£ infection arising if this is not done.-. These instances could be spun- out'indeftiulel y, but they .show enough to. euable us |to judge of tho dauger of cauoer infection. ^ legion of . reasons has been advanced to 'esplain tho iucreasa- o?- the disease—an; increase, Ly/tLe Way, which affects men even more than women,, as many men are apt to forget. Vegetarians- argue against the use of meat, while their carmverous- wntagoniata j point to tha ciincer-scourged ! Hindu, who i i.c-vet- eats flefib.i. Some casuists o£< the " -jkl sohooi'.' club it the penaby of saniiary. progtews, implying that a greater nmnher,of imiivitluu.1-1 are now enabled to tcach thecancer, age—earcoina,- or ';in!ilren's cancer, upscta-tlic-ir argumentary>apple-cftrt, for--, it has-increased even., more rapidly, than it's brotiier, carcinoma. The worry and pressure of ii higher civihsat : ou was for long a favorite, explanation,,. but. somebody thought of compiling., occupation statistics and they flattened out his adversaiy. Thei-e occupation statistics show some curious facis.< Iti Great Briiaio, of 1000 male deaths from,all diseases - in each class between 25 • and 65 years of age, ocoup.ed-male*, giva 47;from: cancer, unogcupiecl males 9G.. This does not,, look .like-piesMtre of . work. Brewers give 70,- medical men 43, clergymen. 35," ->'.4iile chimney sweeps make-an almost distinct class of their own urii-h. theenormoua comparative mortality of 156.» And the increase froui.alli classes iu England fur the lait 25 years has -been 155..per cent, for men, aaa 74 per-cent, for worneB. Australia is growling a reputation for cancer that stinks f through the scientifio world.. Nov.' conies a little Ii<rht. J>. Plimmer^ of iSt. Mary's.- Hospital, London,,, he* demonstrated the existence in all antively* growing- cancers, of aa organism .which is found nowhere, else ini.the tissues of raareri. mal : a whether-, normal- or .<U-ease-.l It can b».cultivated- outside the body and is found to possess and to-.retain>.under certain eon*, ditiont the power-: oft causing^ cell gtowtit Similar! to,, that existing in the tr.mour whence - iti was.-takenn H<ji has proved^ moreover,-, that the frequency of fiesa organisms • in. specimens, examined (1300« waa was in (lilW.t-iiiYinnrtinni, direct proportionn to- tn. vimienee and 1 rapidity of,.growth^ and-.that their especial habitat • waa in the. " growing edge" wheia the cancer exhibits greatest activity. . They; ate.-not,'baoteria.i whic-h:i aro rod-shapedi bodies,-but re»einbies. very\ closely, oertaim low.fort»s of life found in.tlie internal 6rgansi: of some ifteectE.* They are-round, from '009; to.'-00025 in.. diiMriMer-, and usually live in< the,.-caueer-cell i themselves,occasionally between them., Theyigrow and multiply either , by, sepding .oufc tiny • buds: of protoplasm, or by. splitting theaiselver into.two. ; Having got his, pararite, Plimmer set to work..to cultivate, id.outside the growthiit live3^inn IJsing •• RI broth , made from cancerous: tissues ha-found the parasite gr,ew readilyan .it, and by .exhausting the air and substituting hydrogen.the cultures cjuld be kept- in .full activity, for, months. Air appeared to lessenn their virulence—iti is what, is scientifically known au.anaerobic. organism.-. I The next' step-.was -to try it on animals'.- Rabbits and'.guinea.pigs were used,' pure enltures being injected .into the -tissues and inoculated on- the scarilied surface of the, eye -ball.. In the latter cases great successresulted.' The epithelial surface colls spreadvigorously and grew., into the lower layers . after a few-days, the growth..giving all tha signs of• cancer and showing the parasites-mfull , activity. Where-the cultures were, placed,!in. the abdominal peritoneal cavitydeath oceurrcd : with.-widespread cancerous growths-in from 13 . to 2Q days.. This: resulted with a series of 13 guinea pigs.. I Small as these results -may appear to the man-in . the street they.represent the latest, definite advance. • Where the parasite comes h from is as yet purely-conjectural*, although' like the malarial parasite, it probably passes its normal life history ia somo insect or animal host and is possibly an. accident in man. Of'the identity of this other, host,- be it insect,. reptile. or. plant, we know nothing. *.-- , • * - Of its importance, let a > leading American authority speak: •" If,: for the next 10 years, the,relative death-rates are-maintained, we shall find that, .in 10 (years: from now, viz., in 1909, there willi be:snore -deaths in New York State from cancer than from •consumption,small pox And typhoid fever combined." Truly as he terms it,».," startling prophecy" this, and one of; which -only the: pathologist can. avert the fulfilment. Wew • York State is by no means at the bead of .the "cancer" haunts." Meanwhile^ the investigators,, on • whom fall the heat and burden, of the day, work along their, separatetlines.. They are not in touch, muihi power and knowledge, being lost 1 thereby; .they, do not: hope for. gain, and they are often : hampered' for.lack of means. The- monetary value of. a> citizen to the State is a cvlculcble affair, and a few figures 'will show thet the cost of , maintenance of a very army of experts-would be small in comparison with the yearly loss inflicted on the community by cancer. ; Poeaibly an accident may, solve the problem, but it earnestly demands State attention at present. Such reports, SB. are dished up by, the cable-liar' in the slack time between society doings and, cricketscores &»ve - ao teal significance-. Xubercie, leprosy, and all the scaly horrors- of an Eastern, treaty*port ; are cle-ui beside this monster, and Australia is leading the way iu i ts progress. In another decade we will astonish .the scientific world unless a check ia- discovered. Wherefore ye millionaires, ye- unoccupied', males- o£i the occupation statintics-who.,are-' especially liable, to the disease, endow- research, laboratories in place of ; picture-galleries, aud sotne happy stroke' of genius - may perchkuce save you from .the most horrible of. deaths and make your name famous among men.. Charity, ia noble, and act is-endur&Ue;, but the death-rate from cancer is-being, doubled with each decade. Go to- a hospitiil for incurables and,see for. yourselves.— Pu,YTAKAi 