BEHIND A VEIL. BY MRS.. C. N. WILLIAMSON, CHAPTER VI.— (Continued.) Tho Convent of the Sacred Inland wan the oldest of tho Order in existcnuo. When almost ovory religious houso in Europe had been deetroyod or disorganised during tho days of the French Revo lution, and tho Napoleonic wars which followed, tho nuns of Saint Eberhard on tho Sacred Island nau occn unmolested xuoir ruies, us oiu u» cue Crusaders, were evi moro sovore than thoso of tho Barefoot Cannoltiea, or the Bernordlno- Itonodictinos. The regulations which governed tho lives of the novices were more exacting than thoso observed by the Staters who had taken Uio final vows in most orders. Though no novice had ever returned from tho Sacred Island to the world and I told the story of her martyrdom, some mysterious whtapor, liko a wavo of sound, had gono echoing far and wide its warning. Still, tlioro wna never any luck of lambs for tho saorifico. For genera tions tho number of high-born women (for they were all lllgh-born, savo the few servant-Sisters) in tho convent had not dropped below sixty or nixty-flve. But Mary was the youngest novice who lind cotno to tho hi lurid within the memory of the okleet living nun. Though no widows woro admitted to the fold, most of the Sisters were weary and world-worn before they sought sanc tuary on the roclc. Yet Mary's youtli gavo her no abatement of tho heavy price which every novice must xiy. Slio slept in a cell scarcely larger than tho wardrobe where once slio had kept her pretty dresses. Her new name was written on tho door, ns were tho names of other novices, in that wing el' tho convent which faced away from tho vlllngo of Loux, and hung high over tho lake. Tho novices woro housed in. this part of tho building lest — being yet scarco so spiritually-minded as the oldor Sisters — tbey should see the dwelling places of worldlings, and thus bo tempted sinfully to sigh for the life they had resigned. Their win dows were barred, that, should tho Father of Lies put (ho desire for self-murder Into their flagging hearts, thoy might not bo able to gratify it by a | leap Into tho water, wlioro tho littlo crawling waves gnawed the rocks far below, liko tho wliitu i teetli of rats. Mary was waked from her flret sleep of weari ness at one o'clock in the morning, whon It was her duty lo read her breviary and chant matins I till three. On Fridays she woro a haircloth garment next lo hor skin under the wliito sorgo dross with flowing sleevoe, peculiar to tho Sisters of Saint Eberhard. On this day also, once in every three works, in turn with the other novices, ; alio must perform tho "Reparation," a prayer for all tho sins eho committed on earth. For six Hours she must remain upon her knees, or, if her strength gave way, lie upon her face with crossed arms on the cold floor of stone, beforo tho Holy Sacrament. AVhen she had taken her final vows, at the end of hor two years' novitiate, olio know , that this time of prayer would bo increased to twolvo coTieccutivo hours. Always ono nun of tho Order knelt, or lay, praying before the Sacrament, for that was tho Perpetual Adoration. Never once had tho custom been brokon since tho con vent was established. This won provod by the i records, sacredly kept since the beginning. Nothing could Mary call hor own, not even tho white "ergo garment which eho wore hy day, or tho eoarso cotton ono that clothed lier at night as site lay 011 her hard bed of straw, shivering under her ono thin blanket. Everything was in common and must bo spoken of as "ours." No 0110 oamo to tho convent savo Lhe priests appointed by tho Archbishop of tho Dioccso or tho Archbishop himself — an event of rare occur rence. If a nun died her death was announced to hor friends through ono of these priests. Wlillo she lived no nows of hor doings reachoil them. Thoy woro to toko It for granted that she was content, that hor thoughts woro no longer of them, but of I-Icaven, navo In tho hours of prayer. When sho died sho was burlod In tho vaults under tho convent, for wlileh prlvilego special per- mlHsion had been obtained by tho Order. Mary Desmond's 0110 pleasure wus singing in tho convent church twice a (lay. When it was dis covered that she possessed a contralto voice of groat flexibility and beauty, thrllllngly pathetic, el moot tragic in tho yearning sadness of certain notes, sho was given solos to sing. The choir whore she stood was shut off from the liody of tho churc.h by a carved lattice of oak and Lliick drapery of purplo curtains ten feet high. During sermon, when tho priest preached In tho cluipol, though he was divided from Uiem hy the curtaiiiR so that ho could neither see their faces, nor they his, the nuns nnd novices loworod their long wliito veils. No 0110 evor had speech with lilm or sight of him savo tho Mother Superior, a stern old woman with features carved of stone, nnd 11 heart to match (If her eyes spoko truth), who had onco been Princess of a semi-Royal house. So 0110 day told another, with Mary Desmond, until at last she loot count of their passing. She knew when Friday came, because It was more trying, moro terriblo than its fellowH. She know whon Sunday came, because tho ftusterlticw were then slightly mitigated, and It was permitted to speak, though not of temporal things unkws im perative necessity arose. But sho did not know to a woek or a month when It was that sho had orrtorod tho convout to take tho preliminary vows of hor novitiate. Ono Sunday morning, when she had thus loot track of events, a sister novlco whispered to her In passing U) their colls from matins: "Have you soon tho boat which for two days — morn, It may ho, for all that I can toll — has been on tho water imdor our windows, all day long, from dawn nil nightfall?" "No," answered Mary, llstlcwly, "I luivn not seen It. From my room, in tho lower storey, I can scarcely eoo tho water near to tho rocks. But wo are talking of larblddon things," I "It only, moans a penanco,' 'said Stater Anaa.1 Theresa, who wus hut two or three years past twenty, nnd tho youngest novice next to Mary. "My window is In the storey above yours, and I can soo closer to tho rocks than you. Thcro Is n man In tho boat, a young mail, who paints nnd looks up at our windows, palnlo nnd looks up ngulu. No doubt it is a sin to watch him, and If any of tho Sisters or our Mother know that ho looked nt tho windows continually I can't, think what they would do. Thoy will find out presently, and then wo shall see. At least It will lie all excitement. Ho is a very handsome young 111:111, dark, with splendid bold features, that one sees liko a cameo, it ho tiirne ills proflle'for n moment. Ho sits with his lint off sometimes, and lie lias curly short hair, brown, with a little vein of gold running through It, anil his cyc« are big and dark. It Is a year and a hall since I saw a man before. Alary had not listened wlLh interest at first. She knew now that she hail no vocation for the convent, hut she had chosen it and it must he made tho best of; therefore, she was conscien tiously trying to spiritualise her mind. She went bravely through the dally austerities, hoping that they -wore really of benefit In her soul, anil she never wilfully disregarded a rule, so Unit sho had hot cared to encourago tho other's idle chatter. But when lier nl.rtor novice began drawing, as best slio know how, a word-portrait of the man who sat in tho bont, looking up at the grated windows of the convent cells, her heart begau lo beat faster than it had for many a long day. If Gcorgo Tristram woro not dead and in ills grave tho description might havo served for him. Sho did not speak, but a bright flame of color burnt suddenly on the white-rose pallor of her cheeks. The other saw it. "Come up to my window ntid look out,'.' she euid. "If we hurry 110 0110 will know, for It's not a big enough sin to confess." It was 011 Mary's lips to say that if slie wont she would make no eecret of hor going; but she re membered that to incriminate herself would be to incriminate her companion. "Thank you, hut I won't " sho began, nnd then stopped abruptly, biting hor lip. It seemed as If something within urged her to look at tho man in tho boat and would not bo denied. Tris tram was dead, hut if this man were really like lilm, even over so little liko him, it would be a memory to keep. "I will go to your window," sho said, and the two white, slim figures of tho youngest novices in the convent flitted like hurrying ghosts through dim corridors, up the stone stairway, and to the door of tho elder girl's cell. Thoy pushed tho bed under the window and stood upon It, for tills was necessary to see the lake. Then Mary's face, pale, beautiful, eager, and the other face, loss lovely, but as eager, wore pressed ugalns'L the gratings of the. little window. After tile first glance the owner of tho cell moved away, for a look in Mary's eyes Introduced hor, with a swift, half-joalous, half-ecstatic pang, into the midst of a romance. . Tills was not tho first time that Sister Alarie Afagdeleno liad seen tho dark, handsome artist In tho boat! And then, as If to uiako assurance doubly sure, Sistor Alarie M-agdelcne had glvo a cry and fallen back in a dead faint. It was forblddon for tile novices to visit ono another in tho cells, and if this act of disobedience were known I tie consequences would be serious, even If tho object of the visit wore not dlscovored. Of course, It would be very wrong not to confess; but Sister Anna Theresa, did not mean to confess, and sho did not wisli to bo found out, which would bo woiso, She, therefore, being stronger and larger than her friend, tool; Slklor Alarie Aiagde- lene up ill her arms, and, punting but determined, carried lier away. By great good fortune, 110 ono was in sight, for on Sundays the novices were al lowed to return to their dormitory cells for an liour'3 sleep, If they chose, after matlus. Every one had apparently so chosen to-day, and Sister Arna Theresa deposited tbo slender littlo form of the younger novice (far lighter, far moro slender even tihau it had been three months ago) in tho cell on tho lower floor, with Sister Alarie Mag- delen's name on tho door, and her motto, "Adore- lniis in ae'lernum." There sho left hor on tho hard, narrow bed, and hnstoncd back to lier own quarters. The man in the boat was doubly interesting now, for bo was not a mere artist painting tho convent into his lllcture, but a hero of romance— a romance which couJd only ond as a tragedy. There was 110 doubt that I10 had came to this lonely placo for a last look at an adored face. Ho had soon tho face, oven as Ills had been soon by the beloved oyes. What would ho do now? Sistor Anna Theresa peered through, tho gratings with throbbing pulses. Man and boat wore gone. Hor heart sank under a weight of disappoint ment, for sho had not wonted tho ono excitement which had corao her way In eighteen months to ond so abruptly. Sho was thrilled by tho niagic of tho romance, but her vivid enjoyment of It was embittered hy the thought that It was for another, not for her. If only the baiidsomo artist had dome haunting tho lnko like a restless spirit for lier sake, instead of Sistor Afario Mogdelone's! Slio would not have lost tho exporlenco for any thing, but tho moro her mind dwelt upon it, tho moro was sho iucllnod to wish that, aftorall, sho had not called in lier sistor novlco. Tbo man hail gono away, anil now that bo had accom plished his object, seeing tlio faco of tho lost ono. It wan probnblo tlmt ho v/oukl not come again, for fear his constant presence might bo observed, and Sistor Alarie Afagdelono brought Into -dls- graco with tho Alother. Sistor Anna Theresa had only spokon to tho younger girl because she was the latest oormer Into tho oouvont, and with her warm young blood still uncblllcd by grey years of self-repression, was moro likely than any other, to lend herself to a tempting irregularity. Tho older girl was of a Jealous disposition, and had left tho world because Uio had been jilted for another woman by an Indifferent lover who had coveted her money, until I10 found himself unable to onduro hor auspicious Lemper. During all bar life as a young woman in Austrian sooloty, olio had seen other girls, more beautiful, moro brilliant, preferred to herself by men whom she would havo been glad to attract, and tho break ing of solemn betrothal lied been tlio last drop in her cup of grievance against mankind. Hor faith less lover had been married 011 the very day she had bntored tho convent. She often bitterly re flected that ho was not likely lo waste many thoughts upon lier, in tho midst of his now hap piness; while, as for repenting the step which had driven her to a nunnery, oho believed that her retirement had actually licon a relief to lilm. Yet hero was Sistor Alarie Alagadeleno with a lover who still adored lier, who could not rest becauso of tlio lire which consumed his heart! How exquisitely romantic it was that lie should havo followed tlio girl I10 loved to hor living grave, craving tho ono boon that coulil ho granted to him — a night of hor face! How exquisite, yet liow tho old, venomous jealousy began to stir liko n serpent that had slept colled up through tlio winter cold, to wako with tho first warmth of spring. As yet, there was 110 actlvoly malicious pur pore In Sistor Anna Theresa's mind, but she felt vague ly cheated and thwarted. It was nearly two years siuco sho had come lo the convent 011 lhe rock and ill a few more months sho would tako tho final vows, Tho chains of habit hold her ill a kind of falso contentment now fwhlcli was no more than dull resignation), and alio had 110 conscious deslro to go out ugain into society's market, whore sho had boon humiliated by lier failures. Even if sho had wished it, she know well enough that it would ho as difficult as to move the world by means of a lever, and sho wits not. of the strong, courageous nature to tilt against impossibilities in a wild liojio of subduing tliem. But she neverthe less grudged Mary Desmond (whom she only knew as Sister Mario Magdalene), Iho yoar and moro eho would havo at coniiuirat.lvo freedom. And never had she grudged It so deeply as to- day. "If I see her neglecting her prayers, unit Blink ing loo 111ue.il of tills man (for it will be that- anil nothing olso which will disturb her mind)," soliloquised Sister Anna Therein, "it may be that I shall have eonselentioiio soruplen against further concealment. Confession might then bo an im- porntivo duty, whatever punishment for my part In tlio transgression I should bring upon my self." AVhen Alary awoke lo eousoiouKnoss again, for a moment all was blank. Sho tlinught that olio had ovorntept, anil was starting up in guilty liasle, when, In a revealing flash, sho remem bered everything, and knew that Father Aligns (1 11 had lied to hor. Gcorgo Tristram was not dead, and tlioro had been deathless love, otrong as Iho barriers Unit divided them, 111 the faco thai looked up to lier from tho water. I'asotoriaie revolt rose in her heart, like a storm over a siti that lias loin bccalmod, and beat wlUi her blood. "They lied! Lliey Hod!" sho littered aloud, anil tlio stone walls seemed to fling tho words back at her, mockingly. "If thoy had not told mo I had killed htm , I would never havo hurled myself lioro. But It's not too late yet. 1 haven't taken tho final vows, and now — I never will." Slio rnso from lier hod, fooling strong and bravo, anil almost luippy. Ho was alive; he iovod lier. And their lives should not lie spoilt for a lie. (To bo continued.) 