TIFE S'ORY ITE LE Rt t EIhY'S CONFESSION. CHAPTER XXV.-Continued. I do not belive Mri. Eden ever wrote it,' Ali'e site, still deep in thought. ' If ie realltuet with-foul play that night, I do not suppose he had any intention of oing up to London. That note was written for a blind.' '-But who could know he was going up to oindon ?' ` Shorten might have hoard him tell the chief boatman; and Shorten is always with -;the' Brews.' 'But rudith is quite certain it is George sEden's handwriting ; and without any nianner of doubt it is written on a leaf of his pocket-book. How do you account for that ?' 'I cannot account for it. T thiAk my heart is broken.' She sits down in the chair shie has just left, and drops her head upon the table. Alice; what is the matter ? You frighten me ! What ails you ? ' fhWi' Nothing,' she answers theou, lifting a -very white face which does not reassure me. 'You look as if you were going to faint I s:Will you have some water-or could I findl wine anywhere? Dear Alice, do toll me a what is the matter.! ' I want to think,' she murmurs, taking her forehead in both her .hahdi.; ' but I havea pain in smy head. I wish Cnril ''would come home.' For about the second time in my life I wisheduso too.. 'Is Liid `low out in the cutter ?' I ask a moment iafterwards. - I suppose so. She wars not at hermoor mIgs, or anywhere in sight, when I was "done on the shore just now.' Another silence, and then Alice asks ''slowly and hesitatingly '- Was there-any marks-of violence ? $id they think he had been-pushed off the cliff-or what ?' ;' Mr. Wakem did not say-' ' What did he say ?' He only said the body was s.carcely . recognisable, it was so bruised and cut by the rocks and so discoloured from having lbeen in the water so long.' Perhaps it was not Mr. Eden's body at all !' exclaims Alice. with a momentary ,'flicker of hope. '.They identified it easily, Wukem said. -His watch was in his pocket-it had stopped at twenty minutes past twelve. It had his initials upon it ; and--there were some letters addressed to him besides. And they knew the olothes he had on.' And was there no pocket- book found ?' 'Wakem said nothing about a pocket book; I forgot to ask.' Alice sighs heavily. Her questions puzale me. I was never much good at putting two and two together, the boys said. I should certainly never make a good detective. 'I wish CurlI would come in,' my cousin repeats ' Would you mind eoming a little bit down the road to meet him, Eily ? I feol ns if I could not wait hesf in the house.' ` I fetch a shawl for lher, and we go out 'of the house together, closing the door after us, but not locking it, and leaving Fan and Snap in charge. It is about half-past three o,'clock now, and tho' heat teemrns to be more intense than ever. We walk down the drive and out on to the kigh-road, Alice with the light shawl over her bead, I with out hat or shawl, in mhy white dress. There is not much shadow on the road here, under the fir- trees, but, as we dip into thbo hollow, where the old gray bridge with its single arch crosses the Bramble IHall river, and then get under the overhanging Bramble woods it is almost as dark and slhadowy as the . crypt of some ancient cathedral. Wo walk very slowly; I do not want to go too far from the farm, but humour Alice by letting her think we are lessening the distance between her.and lier husband, and keeping her occupied by lis toniig for the sound of his dog-curt whveels. \- wonder what Mr Liddel would say if he were to cone upon us. now. This is hardly a seemly fashion of taking the' aitir for his future wife, rambling barehoaded along the high-road at three o'clock of the afternoon. I hope Alice will not want to go as far as tlhe Bramble Hall gates; but I do not think the'e is much fear of that, though she shows no signs of weariness yet. Still sheis not much accustomed to walking, and the heat is intense. I do not know what fear and dread and horror may he spurring her on. We meet nobody ; the white road, thick with summer dust, winds in and out, always overshadowed by the dense woodland. A low wall runs at each side; and beyond this and bending over it, meeting overhead in a roof of mossy branches and dense layers of leaves, stand the huge old trees. Many a glimpse do we catch of sylvan recesses of fern and honeysuckle and wild rose briars, sunlit glade has a pair ol.antlers lifted aunil broad wild woodland eyes turned a gaze to us, many an i7ied aisle we see carpeted with emerald-green, wood- sorrel and d<1 violets. And this is all his, r.nd will soon be mine 1 With a little thrill of excitement I remember it, and for a moment 'orget the pain and weariness in the faceof the woman beside me. SAren't you tired, Alice? Hadn't wo better turn back ?' 'No, I am net tired. We must go on till we meet Curll.' But, if Judith comes down and finds the house deserted, she will be frightened.' ' You may go back if you like-perhaps you had better go hack.' But you must come with me, Alice. I can't leave yenou here alone.' SHush,' she says, stopping in the middle of the road and raising her hand. (' hat do you hear ? 1 ask, also standing still. 'The dog-cart. He -is coming. Oh, I am so glad 1' She takes myarm and leans on it heavily. In another minute I too hear the sound of wheels distinctly. ' Hadn't we better turn back new ?' I suggest. She turnn with me; but in a few minutes the dog-caet overtakes-us. Curll is driving ; there is no one with him. The horse is in a great h'-at, his neck and Pchest covered with froth and foam. ' What's the fun of thiu ?' Curll calls out, pullinag up. We came to meet you,'I anawer, as Alice does not. ' '`What wonderful attentiona II can't ýbe lieve that was all that brought -you.' ' Alice wanted to see you, I. say, & noe mug up gt him defiantly. ' I wanted'to tell you about tlie inquest',' Alice faltering a little and looking away '1I thought you would wish to kL-now'- 'I heard all about it in Curton i he' eix claims between his teeth. ' GCet phiere. and hold your tongue, or it will bse :.worse for you I' The moment Alice is in the cart he ditshes' up the road, leaving me standing 'lookingi after them, enveloped in a cloud of dust.. t do not envy my cousin her drive nader such auspices, but at all events Ourli will beiable to manage her better than I could. And so I sot out to follow them at my leisure, hop ing they havb fought out their indiffernouce before I reach the farm. At the turn of the road, where it' branches down to the shore, I come sud denly upon William Shorten and Maria Brew. They are walking s.lowly towards me, the girl knitting some kind of guerssey of dark blue wool, Shorten walking beside her, in his Coastguard dress, listening while she talks. She has got on a white Garibaldi body anda bright blue skirt, and hasa blue ribbon tying up her wild red locks. They do not see me till I am close up~n them. I wish I had not met thorn-I must look so odd, without hat or shawl. Shorton avoids iy eyes as he touches 'his hat, but Maria Brew stares boldly at me, though she takes no further notice of my presence. Shorten looks rather sheepish he has a pale face with black whiskers, net bad-looking, but not very bright. Still he looks far and away too respectable to be keeping company with a girl like Maria Brew. I am afraid his superior officer will not smile upon his courtship, if he is really courting the girl. Marie Brew -roust have something about her which attracts, not .withstandiag her ugliness, for the dairyman up at the farm is also an 'admirer' of hris, and, in consequence, an enemy of Shorten's. As Ludlow Gresson said, there seems to be a 'run on the red' down here. I find silence, if not peace, at Seafield when I drriye there Curll is shut up in his office, Judith still in her own room, Alice in the kitchen getting tea ready. She looks as if she had been crying, but she does not toll me what she has said to her husband, or whether he has said anything to her. I Lope he will take the advice I am sure she has given him, and have nothing more to do with the Brews. I wish Ludlow would come in, It seem such an ago since I have seen him, anmdl though I love him not, there is something comforting in the sense-of security his pro sence always gives me. He is so young and so strong; I know he is possessed of in flexible courage'; and it is pleasant to see his handsome face sunburnt face, even if it looks snlky sometiines. But therelis no chance of its coming, since the Saucy Kate showed no white sail on the horizon as I cameup the road half .aunhour ago. It is so lonely in this silent house-lonely in the kitchen, where the fire smoulders dully and Alice moves about like the ghost of herseolf; lonely in the shady parlour, where the fly buzzes monotonously in the pane and my boquets of a week ago lanquish for waiit of water ; lonely upstairs, where Judith's closed door confronts me, or my own hare' littl room, where Cain is still killing Abel over the chimney-piece. I should wish myself back at Bramble Hall very heartily wero it not for Alice and Judith, but my womanly instincts are strong enough to keep me from deserting them in this strait, though I do not see that I caii do either of them much good. I stand in my own window thinking til Alice calls me down to tea. I would willingly have esuhened ten this evening and with it the pleasure of Curll Gresson's company, but 1' do not like to leave Alice all alone. So I descend the stairs leisurely, the little steep creaking stairs, which strive mc as being more steep than ever since I have sojourned at Bramble Hall. Tbe front door is open, and the afternoonlfightstreams into the passage; and glanoing out, I see a 'ripplo of shadow run over' the whisporous wheat,' and I know that thme evening breeze is bringing the scent of gorse an d hay and mendow-sweot down to the sea. Curll comes out to tea looking anything but amicable. I fancy his eyes have an angry ferocious look about them ; I suppose Alice has vexed hip very much, and I can not help thinking she is a fool for her pains Since she has to live with him, it would be wiser of her to holdher peace, I am.glad when the wretcled meal comes to an end. Carll goes back to his oflico and locks himself in. I carry a cup of tea up to Judith's room and knock. She tolls me to come in at once, and I find her kneeling at the window, drying her eyes. ' \Vonldu't you like a cup of tea ?' I ask, setting it down on the table. ` You can leave it there: I don't want it now. 'Dear Judith, you ought to take some thing. You will find yourself growing quite weak if you go on like this.' Eileen, did you hear anything round at. Hove ? ' she asks feverishly. "-I heard that his two brothers had corni for him and taken him away.' ' And I shall never see hire again,' she exclaims, and begins to cry. ' It was better not, dear. Try to think of himn only as you saw him last. Why should should you want to see only the poor broken shell from which the spirit had gone for 'ever.' 'I must go home, Eiileeon. can't stay here. I must go home to papa.' 'I think it would be better for you to go. -home, Judith. This place will alwRays re mind you so much of him.' 'I don't want to forget him. 'Judith says almost pettishly. 'I would not -forget him if I could. Eileen, did they find his pooket book ? ' '1 don't know. M,: Wakem did not men tion it and I never thought of asking' ` I should like to have -it,' the girl rays softly. 'Ho used to write things in it and half show them to me-things about me and perhaps other things he never let me see. I wish I had it,- but I suppose his brothers took it away with themn.'.. 'His watch bad stopped at twenty min rites past twelve,' I tell her gountly. 1' That must have been when it .happeied,' Judith says, looking at :me I was fast asleep then-while hlie was dead or dying. Oh;-, isn't it too horrible.--. And' do you re member the iuight his pooi dog came lhewi ing rdund the house ? Poor Orruiser. I wonder what they have done'rvith him'°; $ could tell her, but-I think; it-vns as well to::let her remain in 'ignorance. .i the, B.iews had anything to do with ;Mr- eden's, death Iam sure they had a hirrd in makingi awayw tli poor Cruizer too.:' `'r `Is Ladloir in the house ' Judithas N'`o, I- have not " seen him sinco I caio back.a' I darosay he has bheaid :motre aboit it allthiari anybody else. Hewiont out lbefore they bronught the news up. creol','but I siiam sure -he must hare heard it sirnce. But don'it on waonder dit-was en long befo telioy ffound him, 'Eileeni-nrearly a fortnight?l, ' ThatiP was aboui the time th ey Nonld lhave found him,' I tell hor 'qFuietly ;' Liddel said so-tenr days; or thereabouts But, dear Jiudith, try to think of 'sul ethiug else Leave him in God' haniids, doear;; no one else has power to uli.rlor help liiei no w Judith.' I itt with":her: tillthe 'twihghtgathers round us, tryingu to -confor. her tb aniswer questions which can never be a nsrvorbd til; tihe crack. of doom. She must have been very for ' of'lim1ii did not think she could-care so innchfor anyone. Bat it seems I was mnistaken r I ai not nearly as shrewd asIthoughtI fgi'ast I was mistaken aboiut Georbge lidelndil wis mistiaken ibout IAs Liddol iby aidbye perlihns :I shall- find= thait I iwas: nmistaken about myself. ' Eileen,' Alice calls frot below; halft an? hour later; and,-obediieIto It slue semmoui;I leave Miss Fleming and sti I find Alice ii thie kitchen doorwi aisil iii her lhandi ." .:-w,',c COurll has -goneout;' she °vlrspeirs.: ' Well, doesn't he go out nearly every night ' I answer. 'I have been watchiin'g himi -she goes on, without answering me. ' I thounrht lie would never stir out of his ofice this-e ven ing. I stood heroein tihe kitchen, listening, for more than an hlour, till I thought he must have fallen asleep. When he did come out I had only just time to slip behind the door, or he must have caught mi. The horror of it makes me tremble still.' ` What were you watching him for? Why couldn't you leave him alone anrd go to bed ? I thin' I he might well hlrve been angry if ie had caught you.' She- looks at- me, the exproission -of a hunted animal in her piteous eyes.~i 'I could not help it. Eily, I Must go after him now, and you must comeiwithr me. It may be a matter of life or death to-to us all.' " \- 'Aline,' I say as steruly as T can, 'go up to your room and doa't talk such nonsense. I won't go with you, and what is mrore, I don't mean to let you go oi airy such. wild goose chase. Just go up quietly to your bed, and don't make a fool of your velf. 'I must go,' she maintainmn unmoved by 'my homily, and putting thle shawl over her head with trembling hands- I mustigol whether you go with rae or' not. Buit I wsh you would come, for' I am afriaid of GurUl.'4 -With mairy ''isgivings, hut at the samei time a tirob of my wild Irish hleaiPt at the idea of air adventure, I turn tho end of my skirt up over my shoulders irrd rlfollow my cousin ripiselessly out of .the house. 