BEHIND By MRS. C. N. WILLIAMSON, Author of 'His Grace," "The Secret of the Pearls," "The House by the Loch." "Queen Sweetheart," "A Man. from the Bark," "Fortune's Sport," "The Newspaper Girl, etc. CHAPTER X.— HOW ONE MAN ROVED. There was no envelope. A sheet of tvriting paper had been wrapped round another piece, folded within it, then fastened with stitches of yellow embroi dery silk — the pricks of a large needle still plainly evident. ine address, worded as a boy had said, was written In pencil; and -the letter was much crumpled, where it had been doubled and tied over a stone. Tristram did hot wait to cut the stitches, but tore the paper round them, then spread it open on the table under the lamp. Inside was a half-sheet of a different size, almost covered witfi pencilled writing in German, the words half illegible through the haste with which they had been scrawled. "May Heaven forgive me for what I have done, and not visit upon my soul the consequences .of an act repented al most as soon as committed." Tristram had never seen Mary Des mond's handwriting, and as he read an impression dawned in his mind that Mary must have written these words before her death. But the next sen tence undeceived him as to this. "I suspected Sister Marie Magdalene. I looked into her cell,' and I called the Mother Superior to look also. Then a thinw bn nnnMn4 rrtl-i I rt V T mni. M/if f A? 1 unug naciicu n uiwit s. mcuy nvi ten, for 1 have sworn secrecy with an oath I dare not break. But my remorse is greater than I can bear, I cannot live with the awful knowledge of what was done last night and keep my sanity. Sooner or later I shall go mad. Some thing stronger than myself impels me to write this letter, which may reach the eye for which it is intended, or may bring ruin upon me. Still, I must write, and lighten the load on my conscience, or else shriek out what I know while the whole convent listens. "Only the Superior and one other — myself— are a%vare of the trutli. Ail the rest have been made to believe that Sister Mary Magdalene took her own life last night in her cell. Where or 'how she has been buried no one knows or asks, for the body, of a suicide is hurried away in secrecy and darkness. The ve.ry name of such an one is buried also and forgotten. No one here will ever speak of Sister Mary Magdalene again, or think of her without a prayer j for pardon. But I shall know— I shall know always, and go mad or die. I shall pray for one or the other to end it. The horror will be with me night and day. For the love of Mary, our merci- ful Mother, do something, you who read these words. Yet I know that- nothing can be done. ' Even to think of it must mean that madness begins already. I cannot believe that . God wills so awful a punishment even of the sin Sister Marie Magdalene was in the act of com- mittiner. A'-nirse must fall on the Sacred Island because of it, and it has fallen upon me." The letter broke off unsigned. And Tristram knew not what to understand. " Again and again he read the dreadful confession that was only half a confes sion, and tore at the iron door of mys tery that' clanged shut between his con jectures and the truth. What horrors those dark hours had held he could not guess, but he was cer tain now that Mary Desmond had been murdered. The Mother Superior had been her accuser, Judge, and execu tioner, assisted by the cowering wretch who had played Judas, repenting the part too late. Tristram knew that there was one thing, and one thing only, which could keep him also from madness — the hope of punishing the murderess. He would live for that, and when she had been brought to justice like, any com mon criminal he would die. ' It seemed that, when he had avenged her, he owed it to Mary's memory to die. He had tried to save her. and instead, through his bungling (for it must be that he had bungled, or this horror would not have come to pass) she had been brought to her death. If there were a life beyond this poor existence, his soul might find ber's somewhere, and make her understand. Or, if desire for revenge were an unpardonable sin, which would bar him out for ever from the high place where her spirit had gone, still he would accomplish the punishment, even if to do so he must lose his soul. When he had decided what he would do, a certain calmness came to him, only broken from time to time by a thought of the pain they had made Mary suffer— a thought that pinched his nerves as if with red-hot pincers. Presently he remembered Father Heinrich's warning. Ho had meant,, before the letter arrived, to disregard it, and stay in the village till all doubt should be settled. But now his mission called him elsewhere; and it was neces sary for its performance that he should not first be discredited by any popular outburst of indignation. He did not sleep that night; it seemed to him that he should never be able to forget long enough to sleep again; and early next mbrnlnc-'he lef t ; -plans w.eremade, -and -be went .-straight to the archbishop of the diocese, acting by tetter Tor an audience. Hte najme,amd; bis association with the British Ehnbassy.. gained for him Immediately, what ordin-. arily he might not have been granted: without -delay. . The. Archbishop was an pld maa.-who.had led a. saintly, life.and so had he kept under the body fay years of rigorous austerity, that -his soul ap peared ' to shine through the . flesh like- light through a lamp of alabaster. So good was he himself that be judged oth- ; ers' motives and acts by his own, finding 1 it well-nigh impossible to believe evil of. — — rpi.. II.A miKA form itrad aiiyuae xut bigui UL puic . to Tristram as balm upon a raw wound, and he told his whole story, from begin-, ning to end, only taking the whole re sponsibility for the girl's misfortunes -on himself, keeping silence as to the first appeal for aid he . had received from Mary. But Tristram was past a calm analysis of human character. He only felt the Archbishop's goodness by a blind in stinct, expecting sympathy because of it- Unfortunately for his cause, however, his listener had long ago refined away from his " own nature all carnal dross, for getting, if he had ever known, wfaat.Ji is to throb with' the hotblooded ardor of youth. He evidently restrained himself from reproaches, because of the English man's repentance and passionate grief. But' he could not excuse the sin. He told Tristram that Heaven had sav ed him from a great crime. The Mother Superior of the Convent of the Sacred Island had shown him unparalleled mer cy in keeping the secret. Her wish must he respected, otherwise Tristram s pun ishment would have been temporarily as severe as it was now spiritually. He could not have retained his honorable po sition in Austria were it known that he had broken infcoiesajcr6d--pri vacy of a convent, aqdtteinpbeji -abduct one of the no vip; "!P -It was tke-'fejiib ishop' s opinion Wkl/only frenzy, eoiild' ijuggest such acKusatidny|(pi3sUhe S£perior as Tristna&i; macle. Had he, holier own account \tf>Uxa - e ye n ts -of - Y h at night' vouchsafed4 him Ry T itlTe; kjjriest, Father Heinricli? Shown the letter which had been thrown over the garden wall, the Arch bishop regarded it as the raving of an hysterical woman. It was a "Well-known, fact that young women of emotional, tem peraments plunged from the midst of gaieties into the dim seclusion -.. of the' cloister, did become hysterical.' After a few years, their, hearts were mercifully attuned to a higher music, and peace fell upon their souls; but -often there was a trying interval to be passed through. In a more rational frame of mind, Tristi-am would see how monstrously impossible the vague suggestions made by this wild letter really were. Their vagueness alone fras.&npagh; to condemn, thein- Possibly, the- writer sp6ke-the 'truth in saylngiEhei had Keen in. the dead novice's confidence, and had then betrayed it. .That - would! naturally, have forked upon her mind un« tU she. wae resppnslble for nO further ateme'nts she might make. She had known juat enqugir'to' put together a few ragged f ragnients fit astory;. but had she really assisted in the accomplishment of a, crime, she would either not have writ ten at all, or she would, haye written more to the point,. revealing details. The Mother Superior. was a, woman of except tionally high .character, and to accuse her of, first, deceit, then, murder, would, be fin ant Ttrnrtliw nnhr a# a Jmnn niYnvA " nwnuj- URIJ , UL a -Hiauuiatii.. 11 VLU of the novice's death would pesch her relatives, through Father Augustln, who; had taken her to the Convent of the Sac red Island If they were dissatisfied with', the details submitted to them, inquiries might be set on foot at their request, hut certainly not until then; and not by any other. "Her relatives!" exclaimed Tristram bitterly. "Her relatives in this country care nothing for her. if they had, she would never have been sent to the con vent. I shall appeaT to the Pope." The Archbishop smiled faintly. "It is hardly likely that you will obtain audi ence of, his Holiness as easily as you have' with me. But certainly it is open to you to make the appeal." Tristram could go no further on his chosen way by himself, and since he had failed in his -first attempt, he determined1 to see what the British Embassy would! do. Mary . Desmond was an Irish girl, and it seemed -to him that it was Britain's place to help. Jiim avenge her. But, again; he was brought up against a blank waiL, Lord Barfield's point of view was not! the Archbishop's. . He was ready to be lieve anything of the Mother Superior of the Order of the Sacred Island. She had been the Princess Hedwig of Bortheim, who had not entered the convent until her, thirtieth year. Before she became devotee' she had been detested by her relatives,, feared by her servants, and unpopular, with her acquaintances, because of her arrogance and her love of domination. It was .said that in her childhood she had nearly killed another child, the young daughter of a dependent, because the -little one had dared to avow herself .a Protestant, Grown to womanhood, she had shown much the same spirit of fierce, intolerance, causing all Protestant tradesmen on, her estate to he boycotted, until .poverty and despair had driven them' away. At last she had given up the one! man who had ever loved her, or whom she had ever loved, because they differed! 011 some religious question. Then she had entered the Convent of the Sacred Island, where at that time, more . than thirty years ago, an aunt of hers' had! 'been Superior. Such was the history of the woman- Tristram accused of murder, as Lord Barfield. had heard it. Of no one else in . Austria, pernaps, wouta ne oeneve vague statements in the mysterious let ter; but of her he would believe anything. Still, even if the worst had happened, if', seemed to him that he could do nothing. For the dead girl's sake, Tristram's part in the unfortunate affair must not be al lowed to appear. Prince and Princess Falconberg had been the poor child's nat ural guardians. It would be difficult to prove anything against the : Superior in a Catholic country; but, if it were to be done, the Prince and Princess were the ones to do it.' "While they were satisfied no one else could act, much" less the re presentative of the Queen bf England. In his; private, capacity as an old friend! of poor Iittie Lady Mary Desmond's dead- father, fie would see the Princess if Tris tram wished it; but he could do nothing further unless she actually requested him; as Ambassador, to appeal to the Arch bishop on behalf of her daughter, who had been a British subject. . Tristram knew that his name, to Prin cess Falconberg, would be as a red rag to a bull, therefore he eagerly.accepted Lordi Barfield's one concession. The Prince and Princess were afi Schloss Falconberg, and Lord Barfieldi drove out that same day, only to find Father Augustin there, and to learn that the Princess could see no one, as she had just heard of her daughter's death. "Poor child," thought the Ambassador, "though," . she has passed beyond their clutches that fanatic priest will take care that the Church doesn't lose her fortune." And he sent up another message, saying that it was of Lady Mary Desmond's death her had_ come to speak. . He could imagine how reluctant Prin cess Falconberg. would be to see him1,, nevertheless he fancied that, to save ap-k pearances and show motherly solicitude she would mot for the second time refuse As it happened, he was right, as he usu ally was in any matter even remotely concerned with diplomacy, private as well as nationaL . ; He was summoned to -the Princess's boudoir, where he found her pale, but dry-ey ed. . Her husband and . the. priest were both with her. and both evidently intended to: remain. But ,-as-,. in any event. the story he had. to., tell would immediately be retailed to the two- r men ..Lord Barfield did hot hesitate to say all that he had come to say-in their pre : sence. - . . - .. - - , : George Tristram's name, as jnformant, was hotimentiongd. A. letter-had reached him,, said Lord Barfield, supposed to have : been; written by a nun, at jthe . convent, and he went on . with the n narration of its jstrange contents, repeating it, /he ' said, , for what -it might-be": worth. ,:For fate part, he thought It nptcamprobabre, iai t the regrettable , circumstances, .that there?" had_ been foul play, and if ,Princess Fal- cpnbergdeslred-jhip official as well as his friendly. assistanee ip . endeavoring /toseh -i. on foot an enquiry, he .was at her services , t But late that evening.. Lori? Barfield - \- Aeturhfid;. to'the 'Embassy with aflls- Jcpuraging news for Tristram. , "juiflTwhat I thought would happen ftras happened, my dear boy," he 1 said. hfThe Prince and Princess expressed ghem selves . as horrified beyond measure -iat wiiat had taken place, but as to iLafiy Mary's death, they were satisfied KVlth the Mother Superior's - account of It, which reached them to-day through jthe inevitable Father Augustin. The Princess assured me that her daughter iiad never been a robust girl,' and had suffered from heart attacks -since her iearliest childhood. After such intense excitement as she must have experi enced in planning to leave the convent and her duty (those were her mother's Words, not mine!) it was far -from sur- prising that a sudden, aggravated at tack. should cause death. The Prin- icess added that she was thankful fur ther scandal had been avoided for her ifamily and for the convent, by the iMother Superior's considerate discre tion; and since she herself was con vinced, that no wrong had been done her daughter, she would, much prefer .to have no inquiry made. In the face "of this, it seems to me that nothing more can be done, by any of us." "'So it does not seem to. me, Lord iBarfield," said Tristram. "My. leave of absence from you has not expired yet, . though a hundred years might . have "passed since I was last : in Vienna. To morrow I shall start for Rome. .Let them do what they like to me for break- ' Sng the law of 'inviolability of convents. That doesn't matter — after I've had my chance of appeal to the Pope." "How do you propose to reach him?" asked Lord Barfield, drily. For, after all, the girl was dead, and never having loved and lost her, he could not wholly Wantow intn flia xr/uinffAi tMQn'c omnct savage desire for reprisal. "That sort Of thing takes influence, "you know, and so far as I've ever heard you have no powerful Roman Catholic relatives or friends. I can't help you in the mat ter. And, further, fond as I am"of you personally, valuable as you have proved yourself in the position of my secretary, I shall have to ask for your resignation if this thing that you have done gets abroad. In this Catholic country you have made yourself liable to arrest and imprisonment, and, of course, you . see- — " "I do see," Tristram broke into the significant pause, "and for your sake and the sake of the Embassy, I assure . you I won't wait, when' the right time! comes, for you to be put to, the pain of asking for my x-esignation. After I've done what I'm setting out to do (for Sooner or later, in one way or another, I shall do it) everything will he dif ferent with me. The one woman I could ever have loved is dead, and \- through my rashness. Do you think my iife could ever be the same with that JKClowieage in my iiem; al i weie a Roman Catholic I should probably enter a monastery and live as she lived till she was robbed of life. But even as St is, the world Is practically at an end for me when her murderers have suf fered. You must, in any case, have a better man than I am to work for you \--a man with a heart to put into his' .work, which I shall not have any more." Lord Barfield looked at him, noting the lines that sorrow had already traced on the handsome dark face, so boyish .Only . a few months ago; and he raised no further objection against the visit to -Rome. Nothing would come of it; but; : Tristram, with those haggard hollows' .under the eyes, unnaturally bright, and those silver veinings in his dark hair,- looked like a man whose reason might go if he could not busy himself in con stant-action. Next day Tristram began his jour ney. His fellow travellers glanced at him often in a wondering, sometimes sympathetic, sometimes, liaif-frightened .way, but he knew nothing of it, and was even unconscious of their existence. If the granting of his dearest wish had -afterwards been dependent on a de-; scription of their faces, he must have abandoned it, for to him they had no faces at all. j Oh the second day he was in Rome,, yet apparently no nearer to the head of the Roman Church than he had been in Vienna. Days passed," weeks passed, and still— though he had had hopes held VJUl AiUlll nil iC' tu UUi.tr £tltu itccivcu promises— he had not seen the Pope. His Holiness was indisposed, b!s » Holiness had a deputation to receive, ills Holiness was engaged in many ways, and wjas always too busy or too . Ill to see the unfortunate youftg Eng lishman, whose handsome, liaggard face became well-known In the neighborhood of the Vatican. _ ' He was some faddist, people thought, eccentric, perhaps even a madman, and therefore dangerous. At last he was called the "mad Englishman," and all ' hope of accomplishing his mission in Rome was over for htai. He stayed for a month, and then Went back to Austria. Meanwhile he had sent a written resignation of his post jto Lord Barfield, which, with mingled regret and acquiescence, had been ac cepted. His late "understudy" filled his nlace. and henceforth Tristram was -free to come and go Sis he chose— free as he could not have been without the legacy which it "still ssenied to him had come too late. ?There was one hope left, and he re turned to. Austria in pursuit of it. In ... Vienna he arrived jkst in tinie to learn that' the persons for whom he searched had left the city that day: Of course he would follow; there was no question . In hlh mind as to that, nor any question of delay. He was Weary Trom-hls lbhg r ' i " journey, but he set himself fb look out in tfie railway guide the first train he could catch. . . : ' There was one In an hour. He dined at . a hotel in the haphazard fashion pf eating that he had taken to lately, never knowing or caring what . he ate; fexcept that there should be food to etoke the furnace and keep the machinery Of life in motion while it was needed. Sud denly, at the table, glancing at a clock pn the mantel near, to see how many minutes were left him, "he recalled that this was the hotel where he should have dined with friends on the night when the message from Lady Mary Desmond arrived. How It all came back with that waft of remembrance! He felt as he had felt then, full of hope, full of energy ana youth. He saw nim- self at the green gate in the wall at the bottom of Prince Falconberg's garden. Though it was now late in June, he felt the .nipping wind of a December night blow past his eager face as he looked from the window of the carriage that took him and Jenny Wood, Lady Mary's maid, to the village near Schloss Fal- conberg. His throat seemed to close as if he were choking, and he could eat no more, though his dinner had scarcely begun. He paid his bill for the untasted food and wine he had ordered, and hurried out into the street, though it was not yet nearly time for the train. It was eight o'clock, hut it was jmid- summer.and evening had as yet declared itself only by a tender dusk, a violet tint instead of sapphire in the sky, and a trail of primrose fire burning into ashes In the west. Scarcely choosing his own direction, but letting Fate lead him as he would, he turned towards the Embassy, walk ing fast. It had been earlier, though so much darker, that winter night. He had come out from the Embassy from that door there, and he had passed, as he was passing now, and then foot steps had come tapping after, him — a woman's hand had touched his arm . As if his thought had materialised he heard the same sound again, quick steps, a voice, and a hand on his arm. "Mr Tristram! Oh, thank Heaven, it's you!" He turned. A woman in a dark, plain dress was at his side, and, panting with the haste she had made, was fum bling tremulously to untie a heavy veil that masked her face. With a wi'ench she tore it off, and looked him in the eyes. A strange, fateful thrill crept through his -veins. He seemed to liaye been sent here by an influence more po tent than his own mood — for this. His tory had repeated itself, for here, where she had run after him before, where . he had come in memory of that night, -Jenny Wood had ' followed him once more. Her plump figure was not as plump as it had been, and her face, sharpened in outline, gieamea paie as a surer cum m the twilight. "I went to the Embassy to ask for you," the woman said, stammering. "They told me you were gone away— to Italy, that you wern't coming back again. I felt as if someone had struck me in the face, for I'd hoped so much. And all my strength seemed gone, so that I could hardly crawl along. Then I saw you walking fast ahead of me, just where I'd seen you before, going just as you had before, so I ran and caught you, while it felt as if it must be part of a dream. And you, sir— why, it might be your ghost!" "I think it is my ghost, Jenny," Tris tram said, with a sad pretence at a smile. "And you— you came after me in a ghostly way, as if your spirit had been sent in answer to my thoughts. You look white enough to toe one, too." "We're both changed, sir," Jenny answered, timidly. "Perhaps — partly for the same cause." "That means that you loved her. You know I did," Tristram said, not think ing of Jenny as a servant, but as a wo man who had been loyal to Mary. "But why had you come to find me? I had often wondered what became of you— after that night. You seemed to have disappeared. "That's just it, sir; I did disappear, returned Jenny, mysteriously. (To be continued.). 