CENTRAL QUEENSLAND. o. . (From Our Correspondent.) ROCKHAMPTON, June 25. THE BUBONIC PLAGUE. Since writing last there have been a few moie'cases oí plague, particulars oí which you have íecelveü by telegiaph. Althougn me epidemic is manifesting itself in vari- ous places lu the town and its euviionment, its lamllitatious have not been so extensive as to cause seiious alaiai among the resi- dents lue Joint Health Bcaid is holding íeguiar weekly meetings, aud, as would be expected, Us woik comes lu 101 borne criti Ufcin. lue expeudltuie 01 the board amounts to borne/thing uko £1-0 per week, its íevenue being dei hod by piecepi isbued to the seve- ral municipal councils and divisional boards within a certain radius ot KocKhainptoil. Some ol the local bodies, lu whose districts the epidemic bub not yet shown Itself, begin to mow with greater alai m tho heavy ex- pense connected with the boaid than the probpect of a visit norn the plague. The outside bodies insinuate that Rockhampton ib getting a thorough cleansing at their ex- pense, borne people aie chagilued at most ot the money being spent in Rockhampton, but it must not be forgotten that disinfect- ing opeiations have bo tai-and with îeason -been confined to places wheie plague h.ib actually occurred. SHEPHERDING CONTACTS. The woik ot looking attcr contacts, when confined to places whole a case of plague has occunod, devolves upon the police. This has been apparently consldeied by mem- bers of the lorco an* irksome duty, involving too little excitement In the capturo of any rofractoiy personb deslious of escaping from theil* enlorced retirement. One policeman while doing quarantine duty at a hotel was evidently oveicome with the aioma arising fiom alcohol within the premises, and con- ceived a d-avlce to obtain a'"mo" to en- liven him m his weaiv sentinel. Ile was wont to have a chat with some of.the con- tacts, who weie glad of an opportunity to wander a little bevoud itho-mouqionous con- fines of the quaiantlned premises. The policeman prevailed upon one man to put his (the policeman's) uniform ion. and to march up and down the footpath, while ho went inside for refreshment. The nowly installed officer Was. however, prompted with too great a zeal in his imitation of tho real article. He paraded the stieet iwiith 'tlhat .peculiar nolllcklng 'manner char- acteristic of the street lairikin. T'he sub inspector happened to be in the "locality, about 8 o'clock In Ihe evening! and notlc lnc that tile man In uniform was rather short in stature compared with the man supposed to be on dutv. accosted him. He tiled to evade the sorutinv of the superior officer, but he was detained, and taken to »the lookup on a charge elf impersonàitlbri. He then related the whole story. The p'oOlltee-man," iwho should iha\e Ibeen at his post, heard of the dlsàbler that had he-' fallen his scheme, hurried to the barracks, and seemed another uniform, hut too Jaw; he was discovered, suspended, and subse ouomJlv dismissed from the force. Some difficulty is often experienced in getting, contacts to the Quarantine Hos- pital.* The police had recentlv a refractory contact to deal with in a Chinese girl. The board's medical officer informed the police that the girl lived m the same house as a Chinaman who had contracted true plague, and Instiuctcd tbeni to Temove her to Quaran'tllne. In endeavourine to carry out t'he insturcfclons the police were assailed by the girl and her mother, the severity of the battle being manifest in the tëeth-ma**ks the mother loft on one of the officer'.» hands. The explanation «riven bv a bv fltander who witnessed the wholo atfal". infeis that the girl wask at the wash-tub when the police arrived, and when asked to go she said she wanted to tidv herself a little, but the minions of the law would udt listen to anv delav. hence the trouble. DOCTORS' AMENITIES. A writer under a norn de plume in the local Press discourses on the high mortality in plague cases in Rockhampton, and asks the question whethei the method employed in diagnosing cases of plague, by making incisions in the patient's gi oin or plunging needles Into enlarged tender glands is not a dangerous one, calculated to dislodge the bacilli, which are only. In the first in- stance, in the lymphatic glands, and permit them admission Into the blood, and subse- quent pervasion of the whole sanguinary system. He cliles »cases of ituibereulosiB whiioh might remain in the groin and elsewhere for years without giving rise to any but the local trouble. But, he states, let the bacilli be disturbed by massage and admitted into the blood stream ana you will get a generalised tuberculosis, and the patient dies of meningitis or consumption of the lungs. The publication of the foregoing remarks has raised a cry of indignation among somo of the local medicos, incfuding the Govern- ment .Health Officer (»Dr. Turner). Some replies have been published, setting forth in plain language that the writer of the letter does not know what he is talking about. It Á »contended 'Uhat " such a hypothesis would foi bid the accepted practice of lanc- ing an abscess, for the contents of an ab- scess include 'bacteria of varying kinds." The present method of obtaining a smear is to insert a .hypodermic _ee_le into the gland without any incision. Dr. Read, of the Rockhampton General Hospital, points out that by thi** means a few drops of serum fluid are w't'hdrawn, whilst the gland and its surrounding tissues are hardly disturbed at all. Dr, Read cites a case of a young man treated In the iiccp'tal who showed all the symptoms cf bubonic plague, including glandular enlargement of the groin. A bacteriological exam'natlon revealed no plague bacilli. He subsequently recovered. Had he not been so exaimilneil, the patient would, the doctor states, have Ojeen sent to the plague hospital. DIPPING PRISONERS. Prisoners on remand at the Rockhampton Gaol aro loud lu their complaints when brought ibefore the courts, and further re- manded, 'because of the disinfecting process they have to undergo each time they aro relumed to the gaol. One m'an asked the Police Magistrate to stipulate that he was not to be " dipped" as he termed It, but the bench declined to .make any such order. What this man objected to was the solitary confinement, or lather isolation from the other prisoners for five days after coming in. What Is meant 'by " dipping" is simply a carbolic bath. The clothes of prisoners are also .fumigated. The governor of the gaol, being anxious regarding the health of her. , Majesty's guests, extends the principles of , hygiene with a "lavish hand, much to the disgust of the many " Ward cases" who are sont in for a few days. THE NEW CITY ENGINEER. The new olty engineer, tap« ted from the I old country to the order of the Roek_ar_p ton 'Municipal Council, has arrived, and has entered upon his duties. Mr. Bellamy, the jXe-ntleman chosen out *of* a large number of .applicants, is onjy -¿ years of use. Accord 1ng-*to-Iil3 testimonials he'lhas .crowded more, experience, In engineering and sanitary »matters, Into that number of years than any other man on this country's records. At the age of 15 ho was appointed assistant in the department of the borough englnecr and surveyor, St. »Helens, Lancashire. Dur- ing »his service there of seven years lie wit- nessed almost every kind of engineering work under the sun. On 1897 he was unani- mously appointed out of a large number ot applicants to the position ci chief sanitary inspector &fc.;, to the City Council of Truro, Cornwall. Although only three yearns ¡have passed from the time he took up thtalt pcslMon until lulls appointment to Rock- hampton Council, he carole- out a great variety of »work3 of an important character. He is a full imemlber of the Sanitary Insti- tute cJf Engineers j a memlbeir ('by examina- tion) of the Sanitary Institute of Great Britain, a Fellow of the Royal ?MateoroVogS'oal 'Society, a contributor Ito the engineering columns . cf . "Speci- fication," and connected with oilier e'ocldtlies. With such an official at the head of its sanitary affairs, plague and pestilence öhould flee out of Rockhampton like ghosts before »the dawn. GOLD DREDGING. The gold dredging industry is attracting nltltentlon in the Central divHslom. A dred- ger is .being bullit at Olermonit, where it is Inlten-ed to try Sandy Creek for' alluvial gold deposits. Messrs. Llïtiuler and Bruce, the well-known engineering firm' of Roek _i_.mip»ton, have a dredging plant in course of constru'dtion for Mr. G. C. Wlllcocks, who recently consitrulcited the Broadmount rail- way. The dredger Is designed in accordance wlilch the most liniprorved principles. It is to be used at Öarii'a, ablaut 120 miles south- west of Gladstone. ¡The pontoons to carry tlhe .mla'cihlnery are being built on t'he site oí operations, the machinery being sent via Gladstone from Roclilh'aiinptou. It Í3 expect- ed a sitart will be made aboiut the beginning of September. The dredger Is estimated to raise 2000 tons cf m'altei'i'al daily. A number of dredging claims are beting pegged out along Ohe Fitzroy River and its tri'butairle-. This river winds through many miles of auriferous country. It is there- fore only reasonable to suppose that gold 4n payalble quantity lies in its course. Where water can be obtained Gft. from the surface it is only necessary to sink a fur- ther 5ft. ta float the dredger. An excavation is made ju'st the size of the »pontoons, for once t'he dredger can get to work its cuts its own ivay, tlhe surplus material being carried by elevators out of tlhe way. When water cannot be cibtained In sufficient quan- tity to wash t'he gravel or élit a well is sunk some distance from the bank, and water pumped to the dredger. Now a start Is made In Central Q»ueenslan'd it is pro- bable tih'at Wie gold dredging industry will .be soon extended to other parts of the col- ony. , 