ABOUT SOLDIERS' WIVES. Tho wifo of an American soldier — whon ho happens to be married — has ii comparatively happy time of it. But it is different elso whero and tlio condition is at itB worst in England. No one need to bo told that the scarlet ? jacket of tho British soldier is tho greatest 'neontivo to matrimony known to tho civi Biderable grumbling, not to say indignation, on this score in some quarters. i It ia pretty generally known that tho sol dier has a susceptible heart beating behind hiB tunic, but who stops to inquire how the admirable Atkins, with his shilling a day, is onablod to keep a wife and children ? Colonol Gild™, tlie Chairman of the Eng lish Soldiers' anil Sailors' families Associa tion, in an interview said ?— ' You arc quito right in saying that Eng lish soldiers aro a marrying community, but don't ask mo how they manage to keep their wives. Thcro aro thousands of men and women trying to live on tho soldier's allow ance of a shilling a day, and I don't supposo 1 am far wrong in saying that at least 1 third of them are ljalf starved. Tho women en deavour to augment the family income by doing a little washing, and that sort of thing ; but, at its best, it is only very casual employment. ' Now, the aim of our Society ia to afford teniporary.relief to the families of soldiers and sailors, and I can assure you they stand in need of a. great deal of relief. Our ohief considerations aro not to pauperise and not to encourage matrimony, ix is madness for . it private soldier who has nothing but his pay coming in to marry. 'But first let me explain what marriage in the Englinh army means. Only, aix per cent, of the men in each regiment are per mitted to many, and then only if they pos sess the requisite qualifications. For ex ample they must have served for a period of not less than seven years, and they must have at least £5 in the savings bauk. 'They have, in fact, to be trustworthy men who have earned two good conduct badges. Tho wives have their quarters in the barracks and go abroad and return with their bus bandH at tho Government's expense. 'Contrary to an impression that exists ,- -outside tho Service, however, if the remain ing 94 per ceut. marry, as many of them do, without tho consent of the authorities, they commit no military crime. ' They cannot be punished, but no accom modation is provided in barracks for their wives, who enjoy none of the privileges that are allotted, to the wives of the others. ' To speak plainly, they have to struggle on upon tho soldier's pittanco and whatever else they can make. You can imagine what a sorry plight theao women are in when I tell you that it is quite common for ii soldier's wife to have from five to eight children. \--. 'But this isn't by any means all with which they have to contend. When a regi ment moves, say, from Portsmouth to Edin burgh, or to India, every one of these women is left behind, while their more fortunate Bisters accompany their husbands. ' They aro left with no provision what ever from the Government, and I need not remark that very few of them have the money to follow their husbands. What we do, therefore, in addition to assisting those in sickness and making temporary grants, is to send them after their husbands where we can. ' Does the gallant Tommy, then, desert his spouse? ' '1 am afraid that some soldiers when go ing on foreign service desert their wives until they return. That is to say, they leave them to tako their chance. A soldier who is married but not by regimental allowanoo can, by the Army regulation, bo subjected to a stoppage of threepence a day — a nice large sum isn't it— forthe support of his wife and family while ho ia away, but he cau only be put under this stoppage 6n the application of the wife herself or by voluntarily sub mitting to it.' ' It seems aB if Mr. Atkins ought to be better paid. How do you faro in trying to dis suade a soldier whose manly heart is burst ing with love from embarking on tho treach erous sea of matrimony? ' ' We try to dissuade the girl — not tho man,' Colonel Gildoa replied, smiling.' The majority of girls haven't the ghost of an idea what a soldier's life is like. They are fascinated with tlje red coat and don't give a thought to the future. ' Affairs are very different in the Eng lish Navy,' the colonel added. ' No man ia supposed to marry in the Royal Navy. Strangely enough, the authorities don't recog niso the wife of a sailor when the sailor is living, but if he dies on duty or is killed she is awarded a pension. Now with respect to a soldier the wife only gets a pension if ha succumbs in war. Should he die in barracks through sickness or by accident Bho is left to Bhift for herself. ' Sailors' wives are in a much better position when they are separated from their husbands than tho wives of soldiers, inasmuch as on a ship being commissioned for foreign service there is an unwritten law among sailors that every man shall make an allot ment of something like half his pay in favour of his wife or any relatives dependent upon him; and although tho Admiralty don't recognise these people, they undertake to make the stoppage and to hand over the . . ... Bums to the payees aB boon as they become due.' A sailor who neglected to conform to this praiseworthy principle .wonld have a bad time of it with his mateB.' 