IN LIGHTER VEIN Ward-Room Yarns. WA extract the following amusing ward-room vant from the "Pall Mall Gazette," where they Speared over the signature of Angus Evan Ab The commander told me this yarn on the. mom .ni after we coaled at Milford Haven. He had w" busy for thirty hours at a stretch without lb« faintest chance of obtaining a wink of sleep. «u face was sallow from heavy weariness, and vhen 'breakfast was put before him he continued io «lire vacantly into space. When he did begm tn sne-ik I heard the coal-scales and clinkers . mlinß in his throat, and he assured me in his ii let truthful way that he had ahead of him some three or four days of great anxiety, bscause, until tint space of time had passed, he would not dare to- moke for he could not be sure that there was no accumulation of coal gas In him. He was, he told me a fastidious man, and preferred almost any death to being blown up by an internal ex plosion I claim that a man who early In the morning can be humorous is a genius, but here was one full of coal dust and with an awful fate threatening him, and he told me h!s yarn: "About 3 o'clock this morning I felt rather sad ¡ind lonely. I had been bard at it for close upon twenty-four hours, and, besides, the men" having bf on slamming 2401b sacks of coal about for twelve hours, began to work mechanically, and that al ways makes me feel that the whole ship is a ma chine and I the only man aboard. I was fighting my way through an atmosphere of ccal sacks mixed with darkness, and happening to look over the side, there on the quarer deck of the collier alongside I saw the hulking form of a complacent mun smoking a mammoth pipe; I recognised in him the captain of the collier. He had drifted out of his snug cabin, and was watching us at work. As I tell you, I felt lonely, so I made my way to his side and bade him good morning. He was a plain, family man, and put on not the least little side in chatting to a mere commander. But it needed suggestion to keep him talking, as his brain was not of the continuous order; sa among other questions I put to him was this: " 'Have you coaled any other of our ships since we last sailed?' " 'Yes,' he said, 'two.' " 'Which were they?' I asked. " 'One wes the 'Awke, the other the Andrew Andrew-' He scratched his head for a mo ment, and looked more at sea than a stranded whale. " 'The Andromache?' I suggested. " 'That's 'er,* he shouted. 'You've 'it it. I knew it W2S a Scotch name.' " The poor marine could only nod a certification of this tale. He, too, had been coaling, so could/ not speak. Speaking of the danger of coal gas in or.e's in terior reminded the assistant paymaster of an ex plosion story. The junior Gold Bags slept in a swung cot or hammock, and to be sure on coaling nights no hammock can be slung, so he was ob liged to doss about, as It were, snatching what sleep he could on chairs and refrigerators and things, much like as a tramp dodges the police and dreams on doorsteps. He- had opent the night hanging about like a sore thumb, and drowsily damning the Service. So thoughts of death and (Instruction were congenial to his mood, and he told th's moral tale huskily. "By tho way, sir," he began, "did you take any part in the correspondence that appeared in tito 'Times' regarding the Relaxation battleship mystery?" The commander shook his head. "Well, you know, when the Relaxation-she's an old ship-was last- commissioned, after a few weeks they began to miss cordite from the maga zine. That was strange enough, but what'was stranger still, and, in fact, alarming, was that at certain ragged intervals remarkable little ex plosions were heard down in the magazine, and arter each explosion a little more cordite proved to bc missing. They tried every: possible thing to discover where the cordite went, and for a Ion« time the mystery remained unsolved. At leiiRth a hole was bored through the wall and a continual watch kept. After a few men had taken their turn at the spy-hole without detect ing anything unusual, the bo'swaln's mate .slapped his eye to the place, and. discovered the .secret. Prom a hole that had been overlooked ho espied a large, lean rat cautiously come out, ¡ind this, scurrying to where the cordite was kept, began to eat ravenously. It was easily seen that the rat knew food from mere filling, for he chose cordite before ship's grub. When ho had nearly finished, a sudden noise happened on deck. Alarmed, the rat made a mad leap for the hole, which at the best was but big « nough to allow the beast to squeeze through, lashing his head Into the hole, his ribs struck the iron sides with great violence, and instantly there was a savage little explosion, and the Ueast disappeared into thin air. The double mystery of disappearing cordite and ghost explo sions was explained." "They had only to stop up the holes and save the cordite?" "Yes; they might have done so, but the owner thouKht it better to clear the ship of rats, fto ne still kept a man at the hole with a heavy lammer, and every time the man saw a full rat !e*Ím,°x e,a clanKinS blow on the iron door; the 1 ot bolted, and there you are." The soldier knew the hammer. Nothing short of a coal mine collapsing upon nirn could disconcert an engineer aboard a war snip He is suckled in calamity, reared in ad versity, and lives a life of fearsome and dumb Tnt expectation. He takes coaling day in an ott-hand manner that exasperates the rest of wiSth Ï 6I\ on\cers- So he could tell a story without coal rattling in his throat. "If it were, not for the executives, the owner, commander, No. 1, navigating officers, and other unessentials, a cruiser would be a rather jolly Place to spend a happy half-century, you know. «ut they are so inconsiderate to us engineers, and the deuce of it is they have consideration tor every other branch of this beautiful yawn ing service. They make mistakes, and then serenely shift the blame to our shoulders, and PO on turning the atmosphere into the Purple ii.ast at our expense. Those navigators are never by any chance In the wrong, you know. .They'll ; keep us running at 250 revolutions a minute, then suddenly order us down to ?5, ajid it, as is bound to happen, our safety-valve tlows off, they kick up as big a row as the valve, blow ing us up for the noise it makes. "I remember one cast of this kind that was> right down aggravating; enough to make one open a sea-cock and sink the ship. During the Naval Manoeuvres three years ago I was ship mate with Anstruthers on the Willing cruiser, and one dark night we were off the coast of Ire land, every light out, deadlights tight, and all of us in the body of the ship breathing potted air. We were dodging on at sixty revolutions, when all on a sudden, jangle goes the confounded bell, and we're up to the limit at one fell swoop. Of course we got every stoker going full swing, and for three-quarters of an hour every fur nace was red-hot, and every revolution the en gines could make we got out of them. Early ia the excitement we heard the bang of a gun on deck, and knew that an engagement with the enemy was in progress. Well, as I say, we went thundering through the waves . like Yo (shake every rib out of the Willing, when the order sil l down to us to reducé to fifty revolutions. Down We shut, and when the safety-vàlve began to al low the terrible pressure of steam to escape, tho chief- and 1 congratulated ourselves that in this run we had got every ounce pf power out of her. AS we were smiling all over, and feeling good, down comes a message to Anstruthers from the owner ordering him on deck. When the chief returned, I saw at a glance that he was as hard aboil as our best boiler. He .took me. into a dark corner, so that the men could not see or hear, and he seized his soul by the corners, and emp tied it of its innermost opinions of the owner right on top of my head. The owner, it seemed, had given him an awful wigging because the blessed safety-valves were aroar. The owner had outstormed a typhoon. 'Does he expect me to swallow the steam, or what?' shouted the chief.' "What about the engagement?" I asked. "That's the 'cussed part of it." barked tho chief. "The owner and the rest of them thought they were chasing a torpedo-boat destroyer un til the thing whistled and disappeared into a tunnel. Then, it drifted through their brains that it was the hight express to Belfast on tho K. B. and P. line, which runs on the beach for fifteen miles in this part. All our fault!" Guaranteed by the soldier, who had an lri3h nurse. 