^Thackeray's One-night '.Ghost.' Many Tedders of 'TJie VlrginiaiM?* have wondered ihmv Thackeray was able .to write «o graphie and correct an account of his lier-/«s escape from Port Duquesne aud OiLs journey through che wilderness, as Tjhacikeray had never seen the magnificent valley through which his gallant hero fled after 3xls daring escape. As a. matter of fact, Thackeray did not write it at all. He was at a dinner in London witb Anthony Trollope. Wilkie Collins, suad other celebrities. wine and cigars, when Thackeray, who was entertaining the company with his wit and satire, suddenly stopped, anS, looking at .his watch, exclaimed:— ' -5entlemen. I must leave you. I have promised clu» printer a chapter of * Tihe Virginians;' to-morrow morning, and I (haven't written a line of It yet I hate to go, but I must ; the printer is in exorable ; so, wishing you all another meeting when I can be lougtr with you, 1 bid you a good evening.' There was present a -minor aufflior named Kennedy, and Thackeray had almost reached the door when he called iiiiu back and said : ** Perhaps I can write the chapter for you. What are you going to describe V' The great novelist seemed a little as tonished at this bold proposition, but he was too polite to say what he thought. 'Kennedy, you are extremely : kind, and gladly would I let you write the chapter for mS, for I hate to leave a jolly party in the midst of fun.' 'Then don't' all the company cried. *? Stay with us, aud let Mr. Kennedy write it' ' I have Jialf a mind to let yon do it, just for the fun of the thing. It is a chapter, chiefly of description, giving an account of my liero's escape from Port Duqueene.' ' If that's what you are writing about I can do it, for 1 know every foot of the ground.' ' All right then,' said Thackeray, re suming ibis seat at the board. ' Let me liave it early to-moaTow morning.' Mr. Kennedy withdrew, and, going to 'ibis home, wrote the fourth chapter «-f the second volume of ' The Virginians' ; and thus :t -happened nliat the narrative of the hero's Slight was so accurate as to the topo- ^raphy of tbe country through which iie passed. One of the 'haunted (houses' of JJondoq ??« Holland House. Kensington. Some ??-»d marks, which cannot be removed, ?iy be seen on the side of a recess in e Ollt Room, and from this recess, so s said, tihe first Iiord Holland, who was seemed for political reasons, walks ?:-th at midnight with his head in his ind. At the National Institute for the Blind, i France, cycling is one of the ainus- ?lents. A species of home trainer is d-ovided, on which the inmates of t3ve institution ride. T'he wheels are so ar rmged that the actual speed Is indicated mi a dial, so *hat races are held, and ome of the inmates have established re .-ords. Now give thanks. The fact of thanks = a profit to the giver of them. They rheait his imtag-ination if he is poor, and ?less Us wealth if he is rich. They lift ;im from Hie misery of sickness and give nlm the appreciation of health if he is ivell. And now let good heart wait on ^tiund stomach, and healrjh and . wealth .in both. 