' New Story. THE PURPLE ROBE, By Joseph Hocking. Author of ' All Men are Liars,' ' The Story of Andreio Fairfax,' ' lshmael Pengeily,' ' The Scarlet Woman,' etc. [all eights reserved]. CHAPTER XIY. HOW DUNCAN RUTLAND'S EYES WERE OPENED. Duncan Rutland was much impressed by the learning, as well as by the geniality of Father Ritzoom. The manuscripts men tioned by Lady Neville proved to be some old parchments which had been recently discovered in one of the ancient monasteries in Palestine. They were said to be third century copies ot parts 01 bt. Paul s letters, and were of great value in proving both the genuineness and authenticity of the New Testament. Duncan, who was a very fair Latin scholar, entered eagerly into a debate with Father Ritzoom concerning their authorship, and presently the priest gave a very interesting account ot the incidents which led to their discovery. It appeared that an old man living in the monastery gave up his whole time to the deciphering and translating the various ver sions of the New Testament ; dealing with the Epistles which Protestants declared to be uncanonical, as well as those which they had accepted. While busily searching among the vast collection ot papers which were contained in tbe convent library, he die covered a crypt, and on further investiga tion, unearthed the precious writings on parchment which they were that night examining. 4 Those old monasteries must be splendid storehouses of rare lore,' remarked Duncan presently. ' Yes,' replied Rilzoom, 4 and the Church has ever been careful to treasure 6uch riches. Throughout all the ages, even those when the clouds have been hanging heavily, she has always set apart her scholars to investigate, and thus to know the value of her great inheritance.' 4 Yes,' replied Duncan, ' and your posi tion as the oldest Church has enabled you to have the greatest possible advantage in this direction.' 'Naturally; no other section of the community can have access to our trea sures,' replied the priest, ' that is, without our ccnsent. The Greek Church has never been in a position to obtain these valuable relics of the past, while aB for the Protest ants — well, they are but of yesterday.' 4 That is true,' remarked Duncan thought fully. 1 Of course,' went on the priest, ' we have had to be careful of such MSS., it would have been a sin to have cast our pearls before swine. They have had to be guarded by the wise men in all ages. Had they been given to the ignorant, the thoughtless, the greatest riches of the Church would either have been destroyed, or turned to w rong uses i It would;bave been like giving ignorant quacks liberty to dabble with the myBteries of medicine.' ' You do not believe in the old adage, Vote populi, vox Dei ? ' said Rutland. 4 ' I believe it to be a device of the devil,' replied the priest. ' Why, just fancy the danger accruing irom such a system. Think of placing power in the hands of the vulgdr crowd. Supposing you gave over tbe government of your country to the mob ; think of the anarchy which would result.' ' And yet in a sense it is in the hands of the mob,' remarked Rutland. ' ' In a sense ! But what sense ? This so-called enfranchisement of the people is only a plaything to appease the cravings of ignorant children. As a matter of fact, the government of England is in the hands of the few. Tbe Prime Minister of the country, or the few who may be in league with him, formulate the measures which Bhall be brought before the House of Com mons, which is itself only a debating society. In the end the members vote for the thing their leads advocate.' 4 That iB true in part, but only in part.' 4 A very great part. Why, how muoh do you or I know of what goes on in the Cabinet ? I read The Times religiously Hvery day ; but I am in entire ignorance of what goes on in the councils of those who rule the land. Some time ago there were great naval preparations at Plymouth and elsewhere, there was much talk about the mobilisation of the British forces I. asked various members of Parliament belonging to the Government what was the meaning of it, and they were as ignorant as I was. Shortly after the Prime Minister spoke at a representative gathering, but he coolly told his hearers that he did not feel disposed to tell .what ic meant. Then we talk about the enlighten ment of the British public.' ? True again,' said Rutland ; 4 but then, if a Government does not please the people that Government is turned out at the next election.' ' Yes, and another takes its place, whioh acts in entirely the same way. Of course, it sometimes appears as though tbe people rule ; but they do not. . It is the few who rule and not the many. The newspapers raise a great hue and cry, and the people howl, but what effect has it ?' and the priest laughed quietly. 4 Mark you. 1 do not object to this,' went onRitzocm; 'rather, I believe in it. A mob Bhould never govern, a mob should have all its thinking done lor it. This is true in all realms of life — it is the few who should control, and who, as a matter of fact do control.' 4 Yes,' replied Duncan, 'but it is also true that these cliques have sown the seeds of revolution ; they have legislated for their own class, they have kept all the power to themselves, with the result that the pobr people have been oppressed and down trodden, and the natural, outcome of op pression iB vice and ignorance.' ' There yen mistake me,' replied the priest. ' 1 believe that the heads of any community should regard themselves as the protectors of the common people. They should treat them as a father treats his children. He should do the very best for ILibir L'ui-uiuiu uuu uucjj. iiayyiueca, uuu directly he gives them the government of a household, anarchy, misery follow This is true in relation to the placing of such valuable documents as these in the hands of the ignorant,' and he pointed to the M rfS. they had been discussing. ' It can be dealt wich only by students, by scholars, by those who know the value of such things. Ii is only scholars who can translate, it is only scholars who can teach the crowd the truths that they contain.' Duncan saw the drift of what the priest was saying ; it was really an attack on the position he bad taken when he gave his lecture on the Right of Private Judgment. He saw, moreover, that the Jesuit's words were full of fallacy, but at that moment the way to answer him did not appear. For one thing, he was influenced by the strong personality of the priest, he exercised a kind of charm which made his words seem weightier than they really were, and for another, he realised that he was the guest of Lady Neville, and that both she and Alizon were listening carefully to every word that was said. ' For my own part, I do not altogether agree with you,' said Lady Neville presently. ' In some respects I am a socialist, that is, I believe that a fair chance should be given to all. It there is a man in the mob who has intelligence, and who longs for culture, then by all means give him that culture.' 4 Your ladyship can have no more ardent supporter than 1,' remarked Ritzoom blandly. In that sense our Church is the greaLest socialistic force in the world. Is it not a fact that through all the a»es, our priesthood, our scholars have some largely from the common people ? In every town, in every village we have recognised genius, ay, anything of more than ordinary ability, wherever we have seen it, and that genius, however poor, has been given his chance. As you know, your ladyship, there have been Popes since St. Peter whose calling has been no higher than his upon whom the Church was built- But that is hardly my contention. What I maintain is that the government of all communities should be given to the wise, and that the ignorant Bhould not deal with those things for which they are utterly unfitted,' Rutland remembered the words of Goethe, who, when speaking of the Reformation, said that it had thrown back the civilisation of the world by centuries, because it had allowed the passions of the mob to decide on questions which could only be properly Bettled by wise men and scholars. Under ordinary circumstances he would have been little moved by these things, but the influence of the old Catholic home to which he had been invited, the presence of two women who yielded their obedience to the Catholic system, and whose lives were pure and beautiful beyond reproach, Beemed to make the priest's words appear in a new light. Besides, Ritzoom fascinated him. He felt that here was a man stronger than he, who bad read more, thought more deeply, and whose knowledge of the world was infinitely greater than his own. Moreover, as far as he could see just then, the conversation had arisen naturally out of the study of the manuscripts, and for the first time he realised how unwise it would have been to have placed precious documents in the hands of those who could not realise their value, or to allow ignorant men to interpret them. Well, and had not the Protestant Church done this, and were not the sects a rope ot sand because every ignorant man had been allowed to use the Bible to support his own fads ? Alter all, there waB something in the Catholic posi tion. In the presence of Ritzoom, it seemed as though it might be a dangerous thing to place the Holy Soriptures in the hands of the ignorant. He. had often b6en ashamed of the numerous sects which, existed, and which, while not now at war with each other, seemed to exist for no other purpose than the support of their own little Bethels. But these were only passing thoughtp. After all, his Protestant convictions were too real to be really shaken by tbis desul tory conversation, and when soon after the conversation turned into other chaunels, the influence of the priest passed away Alizon had scarcely spoken throughout the whole evening ; she had paid great attention to whath«id passed, but had taken no part in anything. Several times when Rutland had turned his eyes in her direction, he had noticed that she had been watching the priest closely, and sometimes her lips parted as though she would ask questions, but she had evidently decided to be silent, much to the young minister's disappoint ment. * I propose we have some singing,' said Ritzoon presently. ' Come, MisB Alizon, I am sure you will not refuse us ' Without a word the girl went to the piano and commenced singing. Duncan had never heard her before ; indeed, he did not know that she possessed any gifts in this direction — he was therefore surprised at the brilliance ol her performance. She had a rich contralto voice, and sung with great sweetness and power. She choBe some of the old Catholic Passion music, aud rendered some of the solos in such a way that Rutland's heart was stirred to the depths. As he sat listening he forgot all that the priest had said, and for the time became almost oblivious to his surroundings. It seemed as if he were in some old Cathedral, and that the whole atmosphere of the place was pure and uplifting. He ft-lt as the old patriarch must have felt when he heard the words, 4 Take off thy shoes from off thy feet, for the place whereon thou standest is holy ground.' Outside the wind made music among the trees, but no other sound disturbed the silence of the night, while within the old Priory walls the girl poured out her soul in the music of those who had entered that sanotuary which may not be defamed by the unworthy. Rutland listened like one entranced. Throughout the day his feelings had been wounded by people who were kind but who did not understand his sensitive nature, but to-night everything tended to soothe, to heal. Father Ritzoom had appealed to the intellectual side of his life, while now this beautiful girl ministered to his deeper feel ings The words she sung seemed to be a prayer for him, and somehow lite became sweeter, holier, as he listened. What if h«r faith differed from his ? What though she regarded him as a heretic ? They were both as one in the great prayer she breathed forth in song. Why should he repudiate those who professed the Catholic faith ? Did we not owe to them some of the divinest music the world had ever heard ? The Church which had nurtured those souls who had entered so deeply into the spirit of harmony, could not be base. Besides, he had always admitted that CatholioiBm had given to the world the purest of saints ? And so he became swa\ ed by the music as tree-tops are swayed by the passing breeze. About nine o'clock in the evening another visitor was announced This proved to be a young man who lived about five miles away, and who was the only son of a Catholic squire. He was warmly wel comed by both Lady Neville and Alizon, while Father Sheen seemed to regard him as an old friend. 'When he was introduced to Father Ritzoom, the Btranger professed -great delight at seeing him, but he was cold and distant to Rutland. It seemed that he had come to the Prioty on horseback, in order to bring a message from his father, and Duncan was not long before he noticed the esprit de corps which evidently existed between the old Catholic families. The affectionate respect with which he treated Father Sheen also ttruck him. It was bo different from the way in which the members of his own Church re garded him. He knew that he was the target for every critical shaft which the diccontented members of his congregation might see fit to send forth, while this priest fintrmmjirWl t.Vifi rARrifif'fc nfn.11. Before long Duncan had the impression that Lady Neville was anxious for him to go. He saw that young Arthur Stanley had some news which he wished to com municate, and so soon after the young squire's arrival he rose to go. ? ' And I will walk back with you,' said Father Sheen. ' Ritzoom, I hope you will not be troubled by the Priory Ghost.' 4 Nothing troubles me,' replied the Jesuit. ' I've seen too many Btrange things to be troubledgby what Lancashire folka call 4 a boggart ' ; but I'll call and see you tomor row, so that you may be fully informed.' A few minutes later Duncan and the old priest were walking towards Lynford. 4 It's been a delightful evening,' said the young man. 4 Yes,' replied the other ; 4 her ladyBhip is a model hostess, and Ritzoom is one of the' most entertaining fellows I know. You don't know Mr Arthur Stanley, I think ?' ' No ; I never met him until tc-night.' 4 He belongs to a very old family, almost as old as the Nevilles. He will be wealthy some day, too. I suppose he is an aspirant for Miss Alizon's hand.' ' Indeed I' 4 Yes : I should not be Buprised if he has not come on that errand. I think it would be a delightful arrangement. The estates of the two families joined, and he is really a most estimable fellow. I thought she greeted him very kindly to- night, didn't you?' ' I really did not pay muoh attention,' 4 Oh, but she did. He has been in love with her for years, I must say it would give me joy to celebrate the marriage sacrament. She is a beautiful girl, and as good as she is b°HUtiful Arthur Stanley will be a lucky fellow if he gets her. Don't yon think so ?' ' She is very charming,' replied Dumcan, and| the priest noticed that his voice sounded strangely husky, ' Is Father Ritzoom staying at the Priory long ?' asked Rutland presently. , About a month, I think. It is possible he will arrange for a Retreat there.' 4 A Retreat ?' 1 Yob. I suppose you scarcely know the meaning of the term.' ' No ; but I think I can guess what you mean ' 'Very likely. It is simply a means for devout Catholics to deepen their spiritual life. Put in plain words, a number of people will for a few days leave the excite ments of the world for the purpose of prayer. Father Ritzoom will be the officiating: priest, I suppose you would not care to attend ?' ' I — I don't know. I think not.' ' Oh, these retreats are blessed oooasions of grace. They make the spiritual world a greater reality. We all need them. 'But here I am at home. Good- night.' The young man hurried on like one demented. When he reached his lodgings he threw himself in the armchair before the fire. Every member ot the household wa& in bed, and so perfect stillness reigned. The fire burned lower and lower, and th& air grew cold ; but he sat still. Midnight struck, but he never moved a muscle. His face was as pale as that of a corpse, his features were as still as those of a Btatue. Presently he heard a step in the' street outside. It was simply a policeman on his beat, but the sound disturbed him. He sat up and stared around the room like one dazed. ' My God, my God !' he cried hoarsely. ? I cannot bear it ; no, I cannot bear it I The first part of the Jesuit's prophecy had been fulfilled. Duocan Rutland real ised that he loved Alizon Neville with all the strength of bis nature. (To be continued.') 