rSBIlEBXS BY 6FECIAI XBEiSQEKEOT. Tales of the Weird and the Wonderful. By RICHARD MARSH, Author ojt JjThc Boetlo; a My* toy," "In Full Cry," "Irivolitiaj,'MJ Tho Crimo and the Criminal.'] " MprreU and Myatege^" &$., &a.; j i ' I THE HOUSEBOAT. 1\ am snro of t!" Liglis laid town hw tnife and fork. Ho stared round and round tho small apartment innmunner which was distinctly s trango. My wife caught him up. She: lay downI her knife I and fork. " You're isuro of what ?" Inglis gocined di«turbed. lie appeared un willing to give,;i direct answer. 44 Perhaps, after sail, it's only a coincidence." But Violet insisted. "What is a coinci dence ?" Inglis addressed himself to me. 44 The fact is, Milk-n, directly I came on hoard I thought I had secn.this boat before." 44 But I thought you 6aid that you luid never heard of tho Water Lily." "Nor have I. Tho truth is'that when I knew it, it wasn't the Water Lily." 14 I don't understand." :^,4Tliey must have changed the name. Unless lam very much mistaken this—this used to bo the Sj-iph." 4 4 Tho Sylph ?" 41 You don't mean to say thai you hare never heard of the Sylph ?"* " | Iuglis asked this question in a tone of voice which was peculiar. .4I My dear follow, I'm not a rivcrian an-, -thoriiy. I am not acquainted with every houseboat between Richmond and Oxford. Tt was only at your .special recommendation that X took the Water Lily." 44 Excuse me, Milieu, I advised a houseboat. I didu't specify the Water Liiy." 44 But," diked my wife, 44 what was the matter with the Svlph that she should so mysteriously have became the Water Lily ? " Inglis fenced with this question in n manner which seemed to suggest a stale of mental confusion. 440f course, Milieu, I know thai that, sort of thing would not have the slightest influence in you. It is only people of a very difiV.rent j )ort who would allow it- to have any effect on j litem. Then, after all, I may be wrong, j A.nd, in any vase, I don't soe that it matters." j 44 Mr. Inglis, are you suggesting that the Bylph was haunted? " "Haunted!" Inglis started. 4*I never dropped a hint about it's being haunted. So far as I remember X never heard a word of anything of the kind." Violet placed her knife and fork together on her plate. She folded her hands upon her lap. 44 Mr, Inglis, there is a mystery. Will you this mystery unfold: " 44Didn't you really ever hear about tho Sylph—two years ago r" 44 Two years ago wo were out of England." 44 So you were. Perhaps that explains it. You understand, this mayn't bo the Sylph. I may lw wrong, though I don't think lam." Inglis glauced uncomfortably at the chair on whieh he was sitting. 44 Why I believe this is the very chair on which \ eat. I remember noticing what a queer shape It was." It was rather an odd-shaped chair. For that matter all the things on board were odd. 44 Then have you been on board this boat before?" "Yes." Inglis*positively shuddered. 44I was, once ; if it is tho S.vlph, that is." He thrust his hands into his trouser pockets, lie leaned back in hU chair. A curious look camo into his face. 44 It is the Sylph, I'll Bwear to it. It nil cornea back to me. "What an extraordinary coincidence! One might almost think there was something super natural in the thing." » His mannor fairly roused me. [ 441 wish you would stop speaking in riddles, and tell ua what you'ro driving at." •• Ho hccarae protcmaturully eolcmu. ' 44 Milieu. I'm afraid I have made rather an ass of myself. I ought to have held my tongue. But the coincidence is such n strange wo that it took me unawares, and einco I have said so much 1 suppose I may as well f pore. After dinner I will tell you all there U to tell. I don't think it's a htory which Mrs. Milieu would iiko to listen to." Violet's face was a study. "I don't understand you, Mr. IngUn, he cause you are quite well aware it is a principle of mine that what is good for a husband to hear is good for a wife. Come, don't ho silly. Let us near what the fuss is about. I dare say it's about nothing, after all." "You think bo? Well. Mrs. Millen, you shall hear." Ho carefully wiped his mom- i tache. Ho began: "Two years ago there was a honscbcat on tho river called the Sylph. It belonged to u man named liambro. Ho ient it to a lady and a gentleman. She was rather a pretty woman, with a lot of fluffy, golden bair. He was a quiet, un assuming-looking man, who looked as though ho hud something to do with horses. I made their acquaintance on the river. One evening he asked me on board to dine. I sat, as I believe, on this very cbair, at this very table. Three days afterwards they dis appeared." "Well?" I asked. Inglis had paused. " So fur as I knew, he has never been seen or hoard of since." "And the lady "Somo of us were getting up a picnic. Wo wanted them to come with us. We couldn't quite make ont their sudden disap pearance. • So, two days after we had missed them, I and another man tried to rout them out. Ilooked through the window. I saw something lying" on the floor. 4 J arris,' I whispered, 11 believe that Mrs. Bnsh is lying on the floor dead drunk.' • She can't have been drunk two cays,' he said. He came to my side. * Why, she's in her nightdress. This is very queer. Inglis, I wonder if the door is locked.' It wasn't. We opened it, and went inside." Inglis emptied his glass of wine. 44 the wortjan*.we had known as Mrs. Bush lay in her nightdress, dean upon the floor. She had been stabbed to the heart. She was lying just about where Mrs. Miller, is sitting 4 4 Mr. Inglis I'' Violet rose, suddenly. 44 There is reason to believe that, from one point of view, the woman was no better than sho ought to have been. That is the story 4* But "—I confess it was not all ihe story I had expected it was going to be; I did not altogether like it—" who*kiilod her r" "That is the question. There was no direct evidence to show. No weapon was discovered. Trie man we hud known as Bush had vanished, as it seemed, < & the face of thu earth.- He had not left so much as a pocket handkerchief behind him. Everything both of his and hers hud gone. It turned out that nobody knew anything at all about him. They had no servant. What meals they had ou t>o:ird worn sent in from tho hotel. Hamhro had advertised the Sylph. Bush had replied to the advertisement. Ho had paid the rent, in advance, and Hamhro had asked no ques tions." 44 And what became of ihe Sylph r" 44 She also vanished. She had become a littlo too notorious. One doesn't fancy living on board a houseboat on which a murder has Leeti committed; one is at too close quarters. I suppa-e Hamoro sold her for what he could get, and tho purchaser painted her, and rechristened her the Water E'iy." 11 But aro you sure this is the Sylph ?" 14 As sure us that I am sitting: hero. It is inipos>ible that I could be mistaken. I still seem to see that woman lying dead just about where Mrs. Millen ia standing now." Mr. Inglis." Violet was standing up. She moved away irlis left —towards ine. Inglis feft soon aitcrwards. Ho ..did not seem to care to stop. He fiad scarcely eaten any dinner. In fact, that was the case with nil of us. Mason h;vd exerted herself to prepare a decent meal in her cramped little kitchen, and we had been bo uugrateful us not even to reach the end of her bill of faro. When Inglis had gone she appeared in-her bonnet and cloak. We sup posed that, very naturally, sho had taken umbrage. 44 If you please, ma'anr, I'm going." 44 Mason 1 What do you mean ?" 441 couldn't think of shipping in no place in which murder was committed, least of all a houseboat. Not to mcution that hist night I heard ghosts, if ever anyone heard them yet." 44 Mason 1 Don't he absurd. I thought you had more sense." 44 All I can say is, ma'am, that last night as I lay awake, listening to the splushiug of the water, all at once I heard iu here the sound of quarrelling. I couldn't make it out. I thought that you and the master was having words. Yet it didn't sound like your voices. Besides, you went on awful. Still, I diiin'r like to yay nothing, because it might have bum. ar.d it wasn't my place to say that I had heard; But now I know that it was ghosts." 8he went. She was not to bo persuaded to stay, any more than Inglis. She did not even stay to olear tho table. I have seldom seen a woman in a greater hurry. As for wages, there was not a hint of them. Staid, elderly, self- possessed, femalo though she was, she seemed to be in a perfect panic of fear. Nothing would satisfy her but that she should, with tho greatest possible expedition, shake from her feet the dust of the Water Lily. When we were quit of her I looked at Violet, and Violet looked at mo. Ilaughod. I will not go so far as to My that I laughed genially; still, I laughed. II We seem to he in for a pleasant river holiday.3' 41 Eric, let us get outside." '■ We went on deck. Tho sun had already set. There was no moon, hut tliero was a cloudless sky. The air was languorous and heavy. Boats wero stealing over the water*. Someone in the distance was playing a banjo accompaniment while a clear girlish voice was ringing "The Garden of Sleep." The other houseboats were radiant with Chinese lanterns.' The Water Lily nlonc was still in shadow. We drew our deck chairs close together. Violet's hand stole into mine. " Eric, do you know that last night I, too, heard voices ? " 44 Tou !" I laughfid again. 44 Violet!" III couldn't mike it out at all. Iwosju-t going to wake you when they wore still. ** You were dreaming, child. Iuglis's story—confound him audnis story!—has re called your dream to mind. I hope you don't wish to follow Mason's example, and make a bolt of it. I have jmid pretty stiffly for the Water honour of being the Water Lily's tenant for a month, not to mention the fact of dis arranging all our plans." Violet paused before she answered. ,4No ; X don't thiuk I want, as you say, to make a Jbolt of it. Indeed," 6he nestled closer to iny side, 14 it is rather the other way. I should like to see it through. I have some times thought that I should like to bo with someone I can trust in a situation such as, this. Perhaps we may !>e able to uufathom the mystery—who knows?" This tickled me. *'I thought you had done with romance." 44 With one sort of romance I hope I shall nevtr have done." She pressed my hand, she looked up archly into my face. I knew it although we were in shadow. 44 Wi h another sort of romance I may lie only just j beginning. I bavo never yet .had dealings; with a ghost." j 