", The Shadow of Fernbrook." -4--- . A Romance of Maoriland. By Atha Westbury. [AL EIGHTS RESERVED.J CHAPTER I. . ALTON AND 1vrTOltON Before the rain had ceased to rattle 0aLt the solid gables of Fernbrook al was in readiness for the performance of Massinger s fine old comedy, "A iow ?-ar to Pay Old Debts." Many objec tions had been set up and demolishea before the dramatis personao were fittal to their several parts. Luckily for Raph Warne,o who had taken upon him seli the rosponsibility of the anair, Al ton Lyndhurst proved himself an able sta,, director and manager. But. with all his tact. the young author found himself at fault. No one could be found to perform the leading role. In this dilemma two strangers arrived at the I Rock and were forthwith introduced by the master of Firmbrook to his guests. -These two gentlemen are my es ecial friends." he said. "On the con finent of Europe and elsewhere we have t ojourned together, sharing the same I roo, and the same table. In the name i of riendship. I bid them both welcome 1 to New Zcaland." The noew-comers were evidently men I of the world, who knew how to adapt a ihemselvs to mixed company. In a iew hours they were quite at home, apted parts in the comedy, and en- t tered into the spirit of the fun with 1 the zest of schoolboys let out for a 1 holiday. i Neither of these personages was ¬ otune. Tne foremost of the twain was e rgi; oen sixty years of age. Yet he c was aiman who had been well preserved. -1 A m who appeared to hare taken care t of number one abover all things else. j His threeDcore years sat upon him as lizteras forty winters upon many men. Ti. but withal slight, and delicate lk.nz-, there was not a crease or wnrkl in the man. from his nose to ths to. Beyond an undeniable mili tar air. which clung to him like his t:;h-itt:ing frock coat, Colonel de Real semed a well-bred, polished, smiling :-! 'mau. at peace with himself and with all the world. Doumimoud Ilike. his companion, was al:ogether nalike the colonel. A giant c i- stature, and with limbs like another a Heroles, this man was both gruff and t ma?e in manner and in speech. Never- b th.less. there was a good humoured, r ??h?t. healthy, devil-may-care, high- S1 reasure hilarity alout him which won 5 m- ftends amongst the company. A h is:n obserrer of men would have no- C :red two thin.s in the conduct and 9 rnter of Colonel de Real and his it cpantic friend. First, the colonel never a -: :cght. even for a moment, of the 5e? proportions of his comrade, while h BI-a on his part invariably took his b : ,rom the other sometimes by a crt. but mostly by glances well under- L c-z!. There were no keen observers at R"ck. however, except Hilton Fern- g a'. or old Rita, the Maori. Pro S both were on the watch, but in b ent directions. a .lfhat a grand old place this is. dear a i-breok." qlnoth the colonel, adjust- 4 -t o eye-glass orer his cold, steely, s' E eye. "There has been no vulgar u c-:.Rec.t here. No modern daub of h to bick and stucco. Nature has tt -d the builder, or the wise fellow has C' .n advantage of nature. '31a toil' tl '. bronze'. Sallust of Pompeii could h Sjnalk forth from his lava tomb t o- w '-5e \'.urius, would stare in wonder -e magnificont proportions of yon- a fre'ensed balcony." a nm hadi there been congregated :- such a witty, laughter-lovtenon t a'? is that which assembled to wit- n : ". New Way to Pay Old Debts." It -'e !city drawing-room there is c- s' ':alation for double the number as n Swhich sits in easy' indolence before el Se-im on cartain h-iding the stage. at Tr gentlemen who are about to take d: \- in the performance are scattered T :Ir'gh the audience, laughing and w" .. An early dimier has left them " gple time for gossip ere the play be- i r'. Amongst the loungers. Alton C: I?rort, drawn forth from his shell ft reerre, is holding forth on the h -'1 of Chris Marlowe, Johnston, h eiater, .arsntotn and a host of others ca r't have left their mark on the era of airh drama. His listeners are only lt ?Dup of five. hut they are apprecia- W One of the number is a lady, a 'a. wealthy beauty, with a face and at as matchles as that of Helen of t] t. How cold and motionless she U at. yet there is a world of meaning in T faru-aiwat look in her eyes. w oile the fiddles are being tuned, sl : the plarers are preparing for d .~r Philip Massinger's masterpiece, i to take up the waud of Hermes Pu't back old Father Time by six h Tht orld was younger and brighter w C lraetorino Hargrave, then only a Jf a girl, just over her eighteenth b. rd, a birthday at which there had ri an innocent drinking of tea at tl i Rargrare's cottage, on the oliff h erlin the Waitamata. tl rIaor Hargrave is a widower. and as S tts Job. He is a man who has seen ut hi0e. le has fought for Don Oar- h Sand derirves his military title from hk a rrioce in Spain. Paris, Madrid, ti , tnldon havein turn been his home. a lStet .ome portion of his days rtd i- Aenca, and is not unremem- b t X t exioo; but at sixty-seven he ia Senough of a nomad existence. p is pleasant to remember his wan ect.i and relate his adventures whie loe t rer at ease by his hearth; plea- ia erstil to have his clever, bght, fi ,'ea daaghter to minister to his a and who makes a sovereign go k? two dispensed by a duller Is cottage at Parnell is the pink of nnt0o fr small, but seeming much ft P'1tGder wor its smallness, daintaly p ' lae ith the relies of larger and d n slendid abodes, picked up as oe- t sre a . Victorino is one of those b S hpirits who rise early. She gives tl nraiogs to household duties, and f Sabout ligh of foot, with gloved t in' and broad linen apron. aThjor, although a soldier of for- ti Shas ever been an honest man. It bes ast that he has lived amongst b 'rthr?fts and social Bohemians, and a o s way;b that no tailor re- p ! aer^ whith a pang; that no s wraed] page in a fashionable t rs lodger records his dishon t.s rtirement he amuses nimself f i e, and though this pastime f t ie n ?arrow income, he has more f nid nus achievements than in tile b S tttona. The daughter is not so 1 i1Et.fioed. with her surroundings. } ar e in this seaboard of Auck \- tmore than ten years, but she I pd .ecollections of London and hi?,4e come and go in ner p ?e',al e dream in the "Arabian ac0 To be rich and po...rful,thltt a ote of her ambition. R-ochks her father wonderingly, Scn existin thit dull antipodes r pertence of brighter worlds." t½_?now-s that with even less ( a most She is more accomplished da?nt w B "nr p ealthy noighboure; \- tte, plays more ?rilliantly, haa i a more general lpaulity for learnin now things, a greater deftness of finger superionor taste in dress, and more skil in making much out of little. Her father is foolishly fond, proudly indulgent, praises Victorine's pretty looks, her sweet voice, graoeful win ning ways, her cleverness, and genera good management. She lives in' an at mosphero of prase, rises every morn ing to he admired, lies down at nigit pleased with her own beauty and sweet ness. The Lyndhus-ts are the major's near est and dearest friends. Mother and son are as fond of Viotorine as if she were their own flesh and blood. Often in the summer gloaming girl and boy have climbed the cliff abovo the noble bay, and hero have watched the ships glide to and fro. like grim ghosts in the fading twilight. Major Hargrave is at his best as a dramatio critio. Snakespeare is a whole library to him. He has so imbued his daughter with a love of - the great dramatist that the girl has a veritable passion for the art.. She knows every word of Juliet., Queen Katherine, Rosa lina, Lady 3raeboth, Cordelia, and Beatrice.'. Under the major's tuition ictorine has grown, into a superb elo cutionist. By the winter's fire while her father smoked his pipo, she has spouted the whole Shakesporian round. He teaches he" how the most famous actress of his day used to pause here, or linger fondly oni a word there, or rise at such a point to indignant pas sion. He remembers the great Sid dons; how hier awful whisper went through thie gloom of tho theatre as if mocking thle"oevil spirits. And iVic torine hangs on his wordls with delight, and asks him again and agaii. to de scribe that wondrous art. Alton Lyndhurst is three years Vic torino's senior, and is fighting an up hill fight for a place in the world of letters. What little time lie can spare from his work is devoted to Major Har grave's daughter, for the poor ipeniless scribe almost worships her. It is the one gleam of sunshine in his drudging life to road Shakespeare with her, or to play Romeo to her Juliet. There is just enough in her unlikeness to all other women to catch the fancy of the dreaming enthusiast, who is as deeply smitten with the only true, absorbing, unchanging, eternal passion as a young man of twenty-two can be. So on that high cliff, perched on the sea wall, Alton Lyndhurst tells Major uargrave's daughter his love. Alas! for the unfortunate scribe. With shapely hands resting on his shoulder, eyes looking into his, words coming swiftly, and with sobs borre along the eloquent voice, she tolls him that if she could love anyone it would be Alton. If she could forget her tor rible struggles wite grim want, and re sign her hope of unbounded wealth and station, it would be for Alton. But it had been the dream of her life to he come rich and powerful, to emerge out of the slough of despond and poverty into the clearer light that is born of affluence. Alton Lyndhurst goes back again to his work, shuts himself up with his books, and strives, as only earnest men can strive when love dies and ambition is born. Before the year is out Victorine lHar grave is married. Amid the fever of parliamentary de bate, and the strong opinions quickeu ing into life, and which had begun to agitate even these remote colonists, Alton Lyndhurst found relief from his sorrow. - If at first his faith and-belief in the purity and goodness of woman had been overthrown like some rickety temple of frailest masonry, he had emerged again from his wanderings to the light of former guiding stars. Work had saved him, hard, stern, mnflinching work. The very effort to forgot his mad folly and presumption-had brought forth a latent power, till then slumbering, and the result was fame. Victorine Hnrgrave had the gratifica tion of her darling wish satisfied, inas much as she married one of the largest land-owners in the colony. In the ab sence of good looks, youth and th.at necessary culture which lend ideal charms to love, her husband had abund ance of money. Money, that we poor, dreaming rogues rail against so bitterly. The fetish whom we all adore, rail as we may. Ahl me! If Mrs. Gayland was not thoroughly satisfied and happy in her married life, it was perchance be cause she was a woman, and not the fault of her lord and master, who grati fied every whim, overy desire of her heart, so far as ready cash could ac complish it. Mrs. Victorine Gayland went to Eng land, and was absent but two rears when she returned to New Zealand a widow. Young, beautiful, accomplished, and wealthy, Victorine Gayland became the fashion and the rage amongst the upper ten, who neither toil nor spin. The wives of the squatters and bankers, who had heretofore shrugged their fair shoulders at Major Hargravo's penniless daughter were delighted with the bril liant, captivating, rich young widow. Those who had passed her coldly by heretofore were glad to meet with a nod of recognition' from the queen, whose word was final. She has thought of Alton Lyndhurst betimes in those two years of her mar ried life. Comparisons have jarred upon the sensitive cords of nature, when she has pitted him, in imagination, agaisist this money-getter, who calls her wife. She has thought of him very often in her solitary widowhood, wondering why he does not come, thinking him un kind and cruel for withlholdso his no tice and his praise, now that all the world notices and praises hler. She is amongst the first to read that book, which lifts his name at one bound into notoriety. Oh! how every page preaches to her of the days that are gone,. of those nimforgotten days when he was hers, lying at her feet in the late autumn twilighb with the broad, full moon shining upon the soea. He has laid his own heart upon the dis secting table, and anatomised its every pulse. She knows now how utterly that heart was hers, how torn and wounded by her desertion. She comes face to face with him once more in those vivid pages, and the very breath of that love day comes back to her. She reads, and the smouldering love flames up with a brighter, stronger fire and she knows that she loves Alton Lyndhurst better far than of old and must so love him to the end. One day at a garden party given by the popular member for West Auckland, Alton and Victorine meet again. The belle of fashion and the rising author are both changed; both are accom plished in the polite art of self-repres sion. She greets bhin withl graceful tranquility; he reciprocates with grac onus candour. They talk of the old cot tago by the sea wall,. of the dear. dear father. From that time the idol of fashion and the popular author are friends, but there is no word of love between them. 'Tempus onuria repe lat." Cast thy magic waud aside, O Hermes! Lift the curtain again on the group gathered round Alton Lyndhurst. The theme is still neen and books. Colonel de Real is one of the latter party. Watch him as he sits with quiet mien listening to the talker. There is one hulingo sneer stamped from brow to chin, but it is so subtle and refined that it appears like a benign smile oni his face. "I often wonder," remarks Fenton Gnray, a noted musician, who has come down to spend the winter iat the Rock, "I' often wonder that among so many books written for this age there are so few that seem aleculated to make peo ple better." "My dear sir, goodness from an aesthetic point of view is the reverse of interesting," rejoins the colonel, blandly. "Yet. Goldsmith has ventured to de pict characters that are almost' fault less" answers Alton. Te colonel shrugs his shoulders. "True," he says: "but Goldismith was a humourist, and could afford to paint virtue. Humour removes the insipidity of benevolence with his heroes. Faust is not good, and logo is simply exe crable; but, where can you match them for interest?" Alton Lyndhursto looks with more at tention at the speaker than he has done hitherto. "Thea you deny that there can be i n interest in the kind of reading which may tend to raise the whole tone of one's being?" he asks. "For my part, I lore Tennyson; one cannot read Ilin without feeling better and braver." "Nay, virtue is so simple a mat.er that it affords few opportunities for art," responds de Real in the same quiet tone. "Vice and crimeo are many sided, and offer infinite scope for the literary anatomist. .One Cleopatra, mighty and fallen, is worth all the cold perfection of your modern heroine." The stage bell rings as Alton is about to reply, and that puts an end to all further eontroversy. Those who take part in the performance haste away to dress, and the fiddlers begin to tune for the overture. The most difficult part has fallen upon the mantle of the colonel, but '"Sir Giles Overreach" fits hint as if he had made it a lifelong study. Lady Aldworth finds a worthy representative in Mrs. Viotorino Gay land. The wealthy widow is an artist of the first order, as well as a woman of fashion. Nino o'clock p.m.--Settleo yourselres comfortably in 'our seats. "A New way to Pay. Old Debts,' "a play by Philip siaossi gPr, written two hundred and twenty years ago. Such a pioco is just the thing for a drairnig-room hlike this one; and the costumes, so far as the ladies are concerned, are simply ler feet. Up with the curtain. A room in Lady Aldworth's house. Boudoir, blue and gold, brocade, and satin wood. The walls are painted white,; arved'garlands of flowers and fruit adorn the panelling. Old venetian mirrors, reflecting dark blue dolf, and rare old porcelain. Grim Fernbrook has been ransacked to fur nish this scone. Ten o'olock.-Tho applause is loud and long. hilton Fernbrook, who has been lounging about, moody and silent, goes behind the scenes. "Ah!S 'mo cher,' honv are you!" cries the colonel. "Accept my congratulations," replies the younger man, with just the faintest touch of sarcasm in his voice.. "You are winning golden opinions, sir." Colonel do Real leads him aside. "My son, if some great enthusiast could suddenly spring up in our midst and raise the roofs oft those people's brains; as Asmodeus lifted the roofs off the buildings in the city of Madrid, what strange things we should lind this pleased and happy assembly ponderiug oFver." Close by the wing opposite stand Mrs. Gayland and Alton Lyndhurst. "This night will make you famous," he whispers. She lifts her eyes tohis for a moment then replies, thoughtfully, "If one did not seek to win fame, there would hbe no such thing as groatness." "The most laIting' fame has been won by goodness rather than talent," he an swers, coldly, and moves away. The close of the entertainment is very brilliant, and merges at length into a ball, when polkas and country dances usher in the grey dawn of day. CHAl?TEIL V. AMA5TEUR THEATRICALS. The ball which followed close osn the heels of the dramatic entertainmo',; was at its height. From the half cir cular gallery aboe the gay throng, it semeed that the play had just begun. Those who had taken part in the mimic scenes heretofore were merged into the picture, and added tone and colour to it. An old clock of antique model, standing above the balustraded stair way, chimed an hour after midnight as Colonel do Real passed onward with measured tread to the suite of rooms beyond assigned to his use. Hie had not changed one jot of his costume as Sir Giles Overreach, except the heavy wig. He entered his room, took a wet sponge, and carefully removed all traces of the dark lines which had been streaked upon his face by the cos fumiers, who had given to it the hard. stern aspect of the greedy, money bn'ui bing hero of the Mass'inger's drama. This accomplished to his satisfaction, the colonel stood before the hugo mir ror, and'complacontl stroked ins large moustache reflectively for some con siderablo time. At the further end of the apartment there was an old weather-beaten trunk stan?ding on a chair. Torn portions of many labels of divers colours still adhered to it, prov ing that it haind been a great traveller in its day. Whatever might have been the subject of Colonel do Real's cogita tions, they evidently had some connect ing link with the valise, for his think ing fit ended; he produced a key u'n locked the receptacle, and took there from some documents, together with part of an old newspalpecr. These he thrust into his doublet. As hlie was about to close the trunk a secoad thoughlt seemed to occur to him for he plunged his hand amongst its miscel lane us contents, and drew fortlha small revolver. "Gaston de Roeal, you have existcd ia this beautiful world till you are old and grey, but your trust in human una ture has nob been improved by tinme 'mon ami.' 'Trust no one,' is a good maxim. The greatest military genius of any time trusted his friend Brutus, antl Blrutus murdered Cacsar. Humphl rest there, my friend, till wanted," he con tinued, in a buoLohered tone. "When one has to play withl a skilled gamester, it is well to have more than one trump card to hand." With the same uerasured, soldierly tread, which appeared part and parcel of the man, he went out along thie "or rider, smiling and bowing with courtly grace to many wiho had taken possesssion of the grand staircase to kiss and flirt, and ascending a small flight of stairs branching therefromn, entered a chans ber sitmuated almost at the aper end of the building. The apartment was a sort of retreat or smoking room used by Hil ton Fernbiook, and on that account was held strictly private from all in trusion by that gentleman's guests. Nevertheless, the colonel marched in without ceremony. Hilton Fernbrook was seated conning a rough clhrt spread out on a table before him, while Timothy Sharpo, his masr, introduced in the first chapter of this history as the Ferret, stood by, ri~ady equipped, as if for a long journey. The latter personago was evidently disturbed at sight of the intruder, but Ferubrook rose quietly, and bade his visitor welcome. "We will defer your departure, Sharpe, until the morning," he said, folding up the map, and placing it in an iron box, which lie locked. "Ni"v. "Pray, don't let me disturb you, my dear Fernbrook," began the colonel. "Be seated, sir. The business is sf little importanne," rejoined IHilton. The Fhouet bowed and retired, butl not through thb door which de Roeal had entered. He drew aside a thick curtain which divided the room from a deep recess, filled with useless guns, fishing tackle, etc., and mado his exit through a low doorway behind it. The master of Fernbrook and his visi tor sat in silence for several minutes after the departure of the Ferret. "'My son, I feel inquisitive to-night," said the colonel, in his blandest tone, after a long Imuse. "I'm afraid I have annoyed you by coning here unexpec tedly." "Not at all. Colonel do Road is quite at liberty to go whoro he pleases hero at Fornbrook. But what are your de sires?" "What is behind that screen?" "'Nothing buts old lumboraocumulated, the Lord knows when or how." "And the doorway there is in the re cess P" "Loads to a passage opening to the stables below that's all." "Humphl 'his is but a. poor, unat tractive apartive, 'moen cher,' with so many at your command, and very much superior in the way of emhbellishments." -Hilton Fornbrook turned, and looked full in the face of his companion. "This room suits me," heorespodled, slowly. "Here I amn ecuro from intru sion. Come, sir," he oadded, more quickly, "you have not 'sought me. in my den to ask silly questions at two o'clock 'in the morningli"' "No, my son, certainly not. By. the bye, are you certain that we are frqe from intrusion?" "As freeoo as if we were out yonder on the ocean." 'Good!" cried ,the colonel, .in his usual smooth voice. "After all, I have nob.omnoe to tell of ghosts and goblins, and of . murders done at midnight. Neither have I any sedrets of church or state to unfold at this witching hour. My dear boy, my solo crrmad is to show you a paragraph in 1a old nmespaper, which may possibly interest .yoU." "Thank you. 'What newspaper is it ?" "The 'Sydney Morning Herald,' bear oig date March 13th, 18-"replied tie colonel. -. "Twelvo months ago?" "Exactly." "The muews is certainly stale." • "But perhaps none the less interest ing for all that. .Some kind of inforam tion, like old wine, is all the better for being old. Shall I read the para Do Real droew his chair nearer to the table, on which s-toed a small porfmued lamp. Placing his gold eyo- glass with due care and nicoty, he pulled forth the paper from his doublet, and began to road. Hilton Fornbrook looked at his comn panion with a smile; but, it was the cold, habitual smile of the practical man of the world. Above it the eyes gleamed with a sinister, expression of dislike, and the brow frowned over the eyes like an overhanging thunder cloud. "It is now ascertained beyond a doubt that the burning wreck seen by the ship 'Durham - Castlo,' on voyagc to New Zealand. was none other than the ischoonor Seagull, which disappeared so mysteriously from this port some months ago. It will be remembered that the captain of the Seagull enigaged a crew of six men for a, voyago to Tonga, Fiji Islands. On the way the crew mutiniod, and put the skipper ashore on a small island within a day's sail of Hauti, and there left him to Ills fate. By a pure chance Captain Bowls was discovered and taken on board the s.s. Stormbird a montl aifterwards, and brought on to Sydney moro'dead tlian alive, after terrible suffering." The. reader paused, and,. looking at his companion, said, "M'?y son, what do you think of it?" Hilton Fernbrook shrugged his broad shoulders. "Think of what, colonel? What Iu terost can I have in the doings of such wretches?". "Merely for study, dear boy. I kneow you are fond of describing the motio powers which move the criminal class, Hear this. 'It is kiown that. one of the mutinous ciei- engaged by Captain Bowls, of the Seiagull, was boyoud doubt a noted criminal named Victor Mau rat, an escapee from Portland prison, England.' Rumour hath it that .this convict is well educated and of good birth, his father being no less a personage than 31\. Augusto de Mauprat, consul at Port RIoyal, and his mother Borth Pierpoint, ai Creole of good family in Jamaica, West Indies. He was sentenced to seven years' penal servitude for killing a British officer in some gambling brawl, and has so far managed to elude ro-eap turc. It is also believed that another of the crew wasformerly Mauprat's man or valet, and who, under' the nom de plume of the 'Ferret' was known to the continental police as the most brilliant card-sharpor of the day. Description of the escapees: "'lauprat,- aged about twenty-seven, tall and gentlemanly; carriage, mdi tary; complexion' very dark, but clear; head, long; hair, black and ourly; fore head, high; black pioering eyes, well cub nose and mouth; frame, strongly built; hands and feet small. Mauprat has a peculiar gaol mark upon his shoulder, which should easily lead to the detection of this dangerous 'rimi nal.' "Does this picture remind you of any ono you are acquainted with, my dear Fcrnbrook?" asks the colonel, taking his glass from his eye. ''Vhy should it, Colonel de loal?" "Oblhge nuo by looking in yonder lnir ror whileu I re- read this doscriptiou of the esnaod convict, Victor Mnauprat," ;says the colonel, blandly. "P'l'shawl My dear sir," cried the young man, with a sharp laughl, "your Jesting is ill-timed. Amuso yourself at ely expense, if it so pleases you, but pray, select n more fitting model for my likeness." The colonel fixed his glass, nud looked at him with a cold stare of sur prise, which had ins it a subtle touch of sataniuo humour. "l)on't be offended, boy. You are not in a jesting vein to-unight," he says, at thu same time smoothing out the news paper on the table. "If the points in the photograph of our friend Mauprat do not interest you, I will mass on to those of the 'Ferret.' It roads: "'Joseph aL-iwke, alias the Ferret. with a score of other liases teo alumnLr oss to mention. Height, live feet five inches and a quarter; fresh complexion, sandy hair, snmall, grey eyes, proniuneut nose inclining towards his left cheek. long scar on upper lilt; fraume, thin and wiry; walks withl a slight limp.' "Now, my seon, if I belonged to the police force, I 'hould certainly be e.f opinion that this description of the Fcr ret is most singlarlyv like the person age who just now left this aipartmnent, buit knowing as I do. msy dear Fernbrook, that any connection whltcver betwern a felon and your respectable man-ser rant, no matter how startling the de scriptire likeness may le, is anII utter absurdity. I therefore crave your par doa." Hilton Fernbrook laughs oult that strange laugh again as he rises to light a fresh cigar. Ho is fond of smoking. It helps himn to think while the colonel talks and roads, and goen on with his seemingly senseless farce of similitudes. Do oeal watches him as he whiffs the fragrant weed into small clouds of blue vampour-wateches him with a smile on that smooth, unfatlommable face of his, whereon there is a look bordering on admiration. "You have been very dull, 'mon chear,' in spite of the riot goming on about you," quoth the celonel, presenatly. "I saw i. you were. and I prepaued the mystery of Mauprat and the Ferret to rouse you up a bit. My poor plot has failed. My labour has been in vain.. You are not interested one jot." "Nay, you wrong me, Colonel.- I am filled with gratitude at your kind oi deaour to amuse me," responded thie other, quietly. "I confess the descrip tion of your convict, what's his name, n'itup6rte, bears a strong resemblance to my poor self, only the picture drawn is somewhat flattering. Were the ras cals captured, Colonel de Real?" "Captured! No. Men like this Vic-t tor Mauprat are not defeated on the lines laid'down in the cases of ordinary criminals." "Flattering again." "Nay, my son. What chimerical at traction can there possibly be between a vile prison breaker and the rich and well-born heir of Fernbrook? The mere supposition haes the stamp of insaaiity upon it. Fie! Now, here is.purt: of another copy of the same.journal of later date, wherein wo have the . de nouement of the diama. I pickedl this. up on board the steamer Medway, on my voyage from Sydney to Nhew Zea-" -land, and preserved it; because it con taiied an account of.,a terrible catas tropho.at sea-the burning of a 'shipi and the loss of all the crew.": '. "I. am dull at 'riddles, my dear colonel." : c "This is not a riddle. Mauprat, thei convict, and his companions perished Ly fire on board tlioe, 'Seagull' 'schooner, burnt at sea on December 10th,. eight mouths after their escape from Norfolk Island." - ' "Tlien Victor auitipmit is dead ?:' ex claimed. Hilton" Fernbrook, rising from his. seat, and confronting the colonel. "Ayol dead!" echoed the other, ris ing also, ahd setting himself face to face with his companion. "Will you read how' this clever scoundrel evaded his pursuers, ;howu lie reached hNew South Wales, obtained moiley, and by. an able scheme chartered the ship, which he destroyed ait sea, so that overy vestige of his crimes might remain for ever locked in the dark womb of oblivion. Will you readu?" '"No," cried the other, with solemn voice. "Enough that retribution hasi fallen. Out of the subtle working of my mind the dead shadow has departed. From henceforth Victor Mauprnt s; dead. Dead! Colonel do Road; no you hear? The aflfinity between us twain is rent asunder. Andlnow, the dread, and likeness, aye, the very double of 11ilton Fernbrook, being lied, well- nughty potent, stern, Iunflinching will-shall as sert itself." As he spoke there came into his hand some face a look which made it almost hideous. From red to white, and fron, white to a dull, ashy paleness, and to a yet deloper tinge, rarely seen on the human countenance, the changes went and came in rapid succession over the colonel's vis-a-vis. Nou lanishing jangle tiger ever had eyes inore fierce andl glaring than this man had. 'ihe deadly cobra, reared on end to strike its vc tim, was not more deadly in its attrac tion was nout more certain in its power of fascination. And there they stood, these two men, master and pupil, both strong in the gift. of mesmeric power, and in the influence of will. The colonel noted the chanigo in his companiion, and smiled. li felt the fearless eyes fix themselves, as it were, upon his own, in a wordless, bloodless duel of strength between them. Heretofore the pupil had been docile and obedient; now it was a test for the mastery. Face to face.-within a-. step. of. each-other, thboy stand, their, eyes fixed and steadfast, but sparkling and glinting rays like lire. For, a time it seems as if the older man is going-to win. He is confident, smil ing, while his opponent is frowning and savage almost to ferocity. II less time than ibtakesto penthesolines, the smile has faded from Colonel-do Roal's race. Heo begins to feel at stronger power than his own gathering slowly, but surely, round Ids inclinations, his resolves like a band of steel. ;As a mesmnerist, he has been all powerful, unconquerable. He feels he is .being subdued - now, in spite of his knowledge, in spite or all he can do. With teeth shut hard, and breath quickened, like some spent swimmer, a thought comes to him. He moves his hand in search of the revol ver hid away in his doublet.' Without 'the faintest shadow of turn ing from that terrible fixed' look set straight into the expanded orbs of his adversary, Hilton Fernbrook notes the movement, and guesses its purport. Ere the Colonel can raise his hand, the other, -swift Is thought, seizes it., and thrusts something into the palm. if at sudden sword thrust had entered the voteran's body, the shock could not have produced a more striking change in his whole manner. He reeled back ward, and the perspiration begins to gather oe his face under the agony. struggle as gamely as lie nmy, he can not reach the pistol. There is murder hn his desires, and at his heart, .but the will to act is going from him. He feels it going, swallowed up by the ter rible creature before him, whose dread ful eye hold his every faculty in bonf dage. A few inoments more, and the strong willed mesmerist is beaten by his own weapons. With pallid face, closed 'yes: and nerveless luinds clenched, Colonel do Real fills to the floor, a senseless, inert mas. Hilton Fernbruok draws a. long breath, which is half a groan iti its hi tensity: For a momnt hie stands over his fallen auntagonist, then raises sim, and places hini in a chlair, unlaes tihe doublect to give him air, and wipLs the poor face with his handkerchiof. - "The cub has grown stronger thpn the old lion," he muttered, lpouringout a largo goblet, of strong wine, which he omptledi at a draught. "Tlus mnystery of Victor Mauprat, the convlict, was but a shallow pretext to work.his will oi me. Fool! Am not I his pupil? Yet my master ino longer. Could l he not have reasoned better tlian to hold me so weak. I, wlhom hie lhas slchooled into a semblance of himself. Hiumph! Wlut paopers are these, colonel, ch, 'mnao amni?'--two letters andt a pllotograplh. Why, hiow is this? These missives are written by one, vlwho signs himself Hil tea Fernbrook. I iievr wrote tlhoso epistles, and am nut' I HIlilton Cern brook. This portrait is thle semnblance, may, a faithful seinbince of my very self, ecen to the meost minute particau lar; but wlho sat for it? Not I, L do ihere most solemnly swear. . eiow now, old mate?" he cried. tuninmg to the silent form Iofore hlim, "WYhoso letters and lpicturtes are these? Speak, if than caust." There was a slight quivering of the colonel's body, but that was all the un swer givell. "Pero de eoal. I coanunand thee, tell ime whoso portrait is this I hold in my hand ?P" cried the speaker auin. at- tlhe sa-nme time imaking severanl rapid passes across the sleeper's face. "Look at the back of the ilphotognsh. It is written there," mititorcd theother in a low tone. Hiiltou Fernbrook held the card to wards the light. "Victor Mauprat!" echoed the sleeper, faintly. "He is dead. Pere." "Aye, dead," again murmured the pallid lips. By the grey dawn the yoaug mast.er of Fernbrook made his way through the gay dancers to a building adjoining the stables, where his man, Sharpe, w:~s studying qrant'w "Maoroi Made ~asy." "'Up and saddle the Cardinal," he said, in a husky tone; "you must reach Pukehini to-morrow night. There you will find Hoti, Tewarti, and young Rewarti, the Maori chieftains. Gird tliem these papers arid bring ino their answer. Quick, away!"' ' What if I am beset bn the road?": asked Sharpe, looking, steadily at Ins master. "Idiot.! You' hive a revolver. Now, begone." (To be continued.) 