THE CLEVER CRITICS · \- fi )ND THE I.O.F. t] TO THE EDITOR OF 'TIIHE AUSTRALASIAN t IiNSUA?CE AND BANKING RECORD." 0 SB,-=Will you be good enough to accept my sincere thanks for- - 1\. Your liberality in devoting so much fa space-nearly three pages-to a criticism re (so-called) of our flourishing order. bh 2\. Your kindness in widely publishing at the fact that " The Independent Order of w Foresters offers to furnish benefits of a di wider and more varied nature than is at- ti tempted by the Australian, American or , British life assurance societies " doing as business in Australia. th 3\. Your goodness in giving a list of those b benefits, and in specially pointing out how ar greatly they exceed those of ordinary life si, societies. fa 4\. Your fairness in calling particular at- is tention to the very important and fasinat- or ing fact that in the case of the I.O.F. only 5 per cent. of premiums is taken for ex penees ye 5\. Your magnanimity in admitting that on : i 1.prx tbat the membership of the hi LO.F. is already of vast dimensions ; and ra 6\. Announcing that the I.O.F. is duly sti registered, and therefore legally qualified na to do business in Australasia. an For all these things I am truly grateful o' unto you. fa) But there is yet something more for is which 1 have to thank you,-your undis- ov guised dislike of, and determined opposi- th tion to the Independent Order of Foresters. ne This may seem somewhat strange, but ex- A perience teaches that the I.O.F. is greatly wI helped by the injudicious attacks of jour- ye nals representing the old-line companies. of SThey have ever been the best advertisers to of the remarkable cheapness of life assur- ex ance as provided-by the I.O.F. With, on or the one hand, journals like yours crying frj out that the I.O.F. is giving too much for pr too little, and, on the other, the fact that a the LO.F. is continuing gaily in that in course, yet without meeting any of the b} troubles forabadowed by you, is it any as wonder that the people flock to secure cr their shares in the benefitswhich the I.O.F. Fr. Is so cheaply dispensing? Every time a as good thing comes up for discussion its vir- d tuesbecome better known. I shall, there- th fore, be greatly obliged to you if you will ac heartily continue your fault-finding on the T, score of our cheapness. Our balance- w sheets show how well we can keep it up. le All we need is that the opposition shall d( help us to provide cheap insurance by their cheap advertising. The public, not i being fettered by old-school ideas of as enrance, can very readily believe in a at society which, after twenty.years of pay ing claims, can show that it is meeting all payments with the greatest ease, and, in te spite of its objections to reserves, cannot or .help its funds accumulating. m My object in replying to your article is le twofold: fioet, that I may provoke your th continued opposition, and, second, that h the few who may yet be tinged with the th old notions may be helped to escape the of thraldom. You may, perhaps, want some evidence th of the value of your opposition. If so, ar one instance will, doubtless, satisfy you. if That instance you will find in the Citizens' ai Life Company. You will remember how lia you treated that company in its initial at stages, when you thought it most needed ca your assistance, and, of course, you know fr, how you treat it now that its success is so sti pronounced. How do you feel now when A you hold out your hand for the Citizens' he \- cash in payment for your page advertise- tb \-- subSc- --What'k..go5. hi-i-Ci55oa.' made it is principles or methods that you tl can now approve what you once ignored? And, may 1 ask,of what has the I.O.F. been guilty that you now see such grave danger ti en the institution which a few months ago ti you were both willing and anxious to have m well represented in your advertising pages. a Were you really willing to advertise that £; which you believed to be unsound? Or, ti do you consider my refusal to advertise in bh the Record a sufficient proof of the un- p soundness of the I.O.F. ? Perhaps you had no ideas at all on the question, but merely ai allowed someone to fix you up with a few : cl how say you? These are awkward ques- o0 tions, but I think you should try to answer fc them. The discipline will do you good by hi showing you the commercial immorality of . opening your advertising columns to an BE institution which, under certain circum- gi stances, you might feel called upon to con- w demn. 1 have heard of insurance journals of that -deliberately run down institutions cl which decline to purchase their support fc with cash ostensibly paid for advertise- tl ments, arid, though I belive the Record to £ be above that kind of thing, I am wonder- 01 ing what difference it would have made in I your article had I allowed myself to be ol persuaded to advertise liberally with you. sI It is truly awful to think that for a con sideration you might have been able so far to forget your duty to Australasia as to tl allow the people to go unwarned of the a great danger with which you now pretend a] to believe they are threatened. But what is this danger ? Come, let us reasoi together, and endeavor to get at the " bottom of it. But first, let me digress a little to give you much-needed instruction I on the arrangement of articles, and to P point out to you a few glaring literary bungles. You have been attempting to ol teach me my business :; I may surely with- tl out offence attempt to teach you a little of (l yours. Youn will notice that you begin your ti article with afew statements of facts about d the I.O.F. These you have divided into f two paragraphs, yet, instead of beginning d athird paragraph with your own remarks, e: you very ignorantly tack them on to the ti aforesaid statements. Even a printer's p apprentice should know better than that, r though there may be some excuse for this ol "tacking on" in the fact that the begin- ic ning of your criticism is too weak to stand a alone. You say, " Taking as the basis . tl . . we ind," &c.; Can you tell me why you need take anything at all as a basis to \- "find" all that you go on to discover .-lihe Your next bungle is in declaring con- 2 dition No. 8 (that the I.O.F. allows no surrender value) to be " a benefit" " that a the ordinary whole-life policies of the life a assurance companies already carrying on business here provide." whichis a declara tion that these companies " do not pay I surrendervalues under any circumstances." 5 Such a statement may suit the purposecs of your argument, but it lacks the essential element of truth. The ordinary companies that support you so handsomely have a strong claim on you for better treatmienit than that. In the case of the I.O.F. the banefit consists in the premium of assured not being loaded to provide for the pay ment of a surrender value, which is in striking contrast to the system of the old line companies, whose premiums "largely exceed those tabulated by the Itdependeut Order of Forresters," because heavily loaded to provide bonuses and a refund on surrender of a policy. Having made so lucid a start, you set yourself the task of determining whether thd premiums of the 1.O.F. are sufficient for the provision of benefit No. 1; but, after an interpolated "chat" about that "thorn in your side," our little 5 per cent, for expenses, you re-state your ques tion, and this time you parentheticslly in troduce benefit No. 5, to which you give much prominence as you proceed. The next supremely clever thing you do is one of which I do not douibt yo will be ashamed, when you comprehend the error you perpetrate. About themiddle of the sixth coluamn you say, " We have still further assumed that. no man withdraws from the society for any reason other than death, and, consequently, we have con ceded the point that no surrender values are paid." Is lt ot absolutely necessary, in order Is oncndfe that point, that you must allow for an average number of lapses? How can you possibly concede that point while you deny us the profit on a single lapse ? Are you not very rash in attempting to criticise a concern so intricate as a Life Assurance Society, see ing that yon are capable of such a hope less muddling of the issues? How dare you pose as a leader of financial thought, attempting to warn bankers and other financiers of approaching danger? Were the institutions whose interest you pre tend to conserve, managed by men capable of such ignorance as you display, bank raptoy would be their legitimate inherit ance. At the top of the seventh column you make a tangle for yourself and ingloriously fall into it by declaring, first, that "the result arrived at by tracing out the pro bable history of a group of lives joining at an individual age is merely a sample of what will take place to a greater or less degree for any other age at entry ;" and then that "from a section thus analysed, we can form a perfectly reliable conclusion as to the general result of the operations of the society as a whole." I should, indeed, be very astonished to hear of your having arrived at "a perfectly reliable conclu sion," based upon data only seen by mann facturing a " probable history," and which is claimed to be correct only "to a greater or less degree." It is painful for me to call attention to your lamentable ignorance of the subjects on which you presume to dilate, but you have brought it upon yourself by-our, rashness, in attempting to criticise an in ,titutiohn whose special features as a frater sal body giving life assurance at cost price, nod, therefore, free from the impelling motive of profit-making common to all ordinary life insurance societies, you have failed to comprehend-an institution which israpidly spreadingits protective wings all over the world-an institution which in the last quarter of last year, wrote more sew business than was written by the A.M.P. in the whole year-an institution, whose business for the first half of this year beats that of the corresponding period of last year by over 50 per cent.-an insti oution which has a quarter of a century's experience to set against your absurd the orising-an institution which is making friends all over the world by its easy and prompt payment of claims to the extent of a thousand pounds sterling for every work ing day in the year-an institution officered by an executive whose knowledge of life assurance clearly surpasses that of their critics-an institution which-but you will rightly object thatthis is not argument, for, as I am well aware, proving your ignorance does not necessarily prove the soundness of the I.O.F., any more than my refusal to advertise with you proves its unsoundness. To prove your incompetence as a judge was the semplest way of proving the worth lessness of your criticism ; but, having done that, I must now take advantage of your space to show that the I.O.F. really is what you would fain believe it were not -a thoroughly safe and sound life insur ance society. As is very evident from the whole tenor of your remarks, you rely for support on those "89,865 men aged thirty." Let me show you on what a broken read you lean. Those ninety thousand men, or thereabouts, have been slain in many a battle royal-like theatrical troops, who, though slain and carried off from one side of the stage, re-appear by the other side a grand make-believe. When I last saw them buried I innocently thought that even their ghosts had been destroyed, but you amusingly trot them out again, just as if they had never been pulverised and scattered to the four winds-just as if you had never heard of such a thing as " favor able mortality experience," or " special care in the selection of lives," or " profit from lapses." Let me quote for your in struction the summarised experience of the A.M.P. for fifty years, that you may see bow admirably it proves the absurdity of r that sill theory about every living one of ' the' -- nm,ed men aged thirty" 'continuling their assurance till aged 70 and over. Instead of 89,865 policies being issued, the A.M.P. in 50 years issued 250,074. Of these 107,546 were "from all causes" ter minated. These107,546 policiesrepresented a total assurance (face value of policies) of £36,379,873. According to your silly theory this sum of £36.379,873, plus bonuses, ought to appear as having been paid as death and maturity claims. In place of this, what do we find? That the actual payments for death and maturity claims, with bonus additions, amounted to only £9,803,911,-not much more than one fourth of the face value. In view of the heavy bonuses paid by the A.M.P. you will not dare to offend that society by as serting that this represents a persistence greater than, say, one in six. Thus you will see that the difference of £26,575,961 of assurance, vanished otherwise than by claims from death and maturity, was there fore not persistent. In point of fact all that the A.M.P. sets down against this £26,572,961 is the sum of £3,591,347 paid out for surrenders. These facts should be sufficient to convince you of the absurdity of the persistent theory; but I will now show you what is another great source of gain to our society, and indeed " to a greater or less degree " to all life societies the difference between the expected deaths according to recognised actuarial tables and the actual mortality experience. As the figures of the A.M.P. onthis point might be met by you with the objection that favorable mortality experience is mainly confined to Australasia, I antici pate that objection by giving you a few figures concerning an office in another part of the world. From the 1896 Repo't of the " Clergy Mutual Assurance Society" (England), I extract the following : "MonTALrrY EXPE'nENOE.-The mor tality experienced among the members during the five years has followed a very favorable course, the actual claims by death being only 70 per cent. of the amount expected according to the Institute of Ac tosricea' Em. Table, although navery large proportion of the lives at risk were of ad vanced age. A clearer view of the character of the experience will be gained by exam ination of the following comparison of the actual claims with the expected claims by the Hm. Table, in groups of ages: A85 Aerupd . C13 Rer? es 11P,8 Ass.ca Ce,a0s0 AoUsell A5 £1 00,0", £.1,61 £1 - ? £1,49 9 11.4t2 a .ul clims o35 25 to, 04 to,42 4,20192 h 0o 4 ,5 to 54 05,50 108,040 5f o 55toe c 174000 231.503 05 s toi 74 25,eSs 3m5.o c7 o tt 8o 32Sm58 443,159 754 85 & upd.se 12,21 115,815 1,050 Under 55 £159,000 £305,292 £523 5 ond o Ter 893,535 1,1860,104 053 All A0e? -1,050,192 £1,401,304 £700 " It is thus seen h that whereas the amount expected to be paid on. deathi was £1,491,396, the actual claims only amousted to £1.052.192, thus showing a diff-"ncs of £41.8,204 in favor of thle society. As you may be aware, the expectation of death of selected lives at an aoe of 35 years is, according to the Actuaries Tables. 8.77 per 1080. Tic following table will serve to show you how handsomely within that expectation is the" experience of the I.O.F. whose members average that age:- MORTALITY EXPERIENCE OF THE LAST EIsNETFEN YEARS OF THE ORDERS' HISTORY.: The death-rate which the Order has experienced is usually favorable, as the following record of the ilepast 5l years amply demonotrate?.- Teas Death rt~Y Death ne teb eTesDeate ease 1801 4.0 1 0.43 105 0.87 1882 11.00o0o .80 IN 6 5..0 1803 4.7oIo 5.ie s 1007 5.00 \- 1884 4.23 is10 6.40 1000 5.67 1805 .76 1892 6.25 Il59 6.30 1880 .7.5 1894 50.47 !fTo a Cowcun] .5 a 