UUBBO MUNICIPAL OOUflOEL. | The fortnightly meeting of the Municipal Council of Dubbo woe held on Monday evening. Present: The Mayor (Mr. J. A. Ryan), Aldermen Utley, Field, Lewis, Flannery, E. J. J. Ryan, Boss and Tighe. | Alderman Utley said he desired to cor rect an inaccuracy in a press report of bis remarks at lust meeting. He bad not sug gested (as he was reported to have done) that a stricter supervision should be kept over dairymen under the Dairies Super vision Act. In fact he thought the Act was, if anything, too stringent. What be had said was that under the present sys tem, though a milk-vendor (whether within or outside of the municipality), was required to provide closet pans and otherwise to comply with stringent regulations, an abominable state of things might exist without hindrance on a neighbor's pro perty within a very few feet of the dairy premises. The oatgoin£ correspondence included letters (1) to the Government (through Mr. Phillips, M.P.) asking for the pro claiming of May 9 (Show Day) as a p iblic holiday; (2) to various institutions, asking them terms on which they individually would he prepared to take up the loan of £15,000 (on general and gas accounts) about to1 fall due; (3J to C.P.S. Dubba, firing date of Municipal Appeal Court (May 15). In reply to Alderman Flannery the Mayor said that one or two typewriters of different makeB had been left at the Coun cil's offices on approval. Incoming correspondence was read as follows: From Australian Widows Fund, C.M.L. Association, Nutuai Life Association, A.M.P. Society, and Perpetual Trustee Company, in reply to Council's circular re renewal of loans. The majority of the so cieties above-mentioned declined to make an offer, as they were disinclined to trans act business of the nature mentioned. Alderman Utley said he thought it was time the Government came to the relief of municipalities in such matters. Us sug gested that tenders be publicly invited. The Mayor sail he intended to invite further offers, and also to open up negotia tions with the banks. Soma of their chief monetary institutions would cot tender publicly. He did not think that anything would be gained by inviting tenders by advertisement. He suggested that further action should be deferred till the assess ment for the present year was struck, and the financial position of the Council to | date fully ascertained. i A letter was read from the Municipal Association inviting suggestions re the ] new Municipalities Act, in view of the Pre mier's promise to introduce same. Alderman Utley moved that the letter be received. He said he believed the reso lutions from time to time carried at the annual conferences of the Municipal Con vention would amply provide what was needed. The motion was carried. From Under-Secretary, Department of Justice, re disused well on the Court House premisej, to the effect that the Sheriff reported that nothing of an offensive character had been allowed to go into the well, and that the deposits placed therein consisted merely of garden sweepings, ashes, etc. The writer added that he was unable to see that the Municipal by-lawB had been infringed. On this communica tion the Mayor had endorsed a minute to the effect that having personally inspected the well he found that it had been filled up (to within 15 feet of the top) with other than clean earth, and in the opinion of the Council the place was dangerous to health. The N.P. Act, sec. 26, gave the Council power to deal with the matter. He submitted the question for the support of the Council. The Mayor said that from the tone of the letter it seemed that the Department desired to thwart the efforts of the Council to keep the town in a proper sanitary con dition. He looked to the Council for sup port. Alderman Lewis said he did not think there was anything in the well but sweep ings of the yard and garden and compara tively unobjectionable matter. lu reply to Aldermau Flannery, the Mayor said he had taken action because he had heard that plans had been prepared for draining slop water, etc., into the well [Alderman Utley : " Storin water"]-and bath water from the prison cells- and they knew what that meant! The well waB not sunk by the Department-it existed when the land was private property, and it had not been filled up in accordance with the by-laws. If the Council did not insist on action being taken in that case, how could it insist on action being taken in any other case ? As to the assuranoe that there was nothing offensive placed in the well, that was virtually good for nothing. It was time they took matters of this kind in hand, and tackled thoso in high places. The Board of Health were insisting that they*must attend to sanitary matters. The filling up of this well would mean a very trifling expense, but it seemed that the Department had made up its mind to thwart them in their efforts. He asked the Council to insist that this should be done. He did not go on any " assurance." Alderman Utley asked if the Council's officers had reported that there was a nuisance at the place. That had first to be done. [On investigation it was shown that no initiatory report from the Inspector to that effect bad been placed before the Council. Tie Mayor had written to the Department after his own personal inspection of the place.] Alderman Flannery pointed out that the Council could only compel abatement of a proved nuisance. Alderman Byan read the bye-laws on the subject, pointing oat what required to be proved. Alderman Ross moved that consider ation of the matter stand over to -allow a proper inspection of the place to be made by the Inspector of Nuisances. Alderman Tighe suggested that the Mayor's minute be adopted and that the Mayor be given full power to carry out the bye-law on the subject. Alderman Byan said it was somewhat risky to move in the matter as it stood. He credited the Mayor with all peal and with the best o^motives, but he deprecated rinning into any lawsuit, especially with the Government. Alderman Ryan then quoted the definition of a nuisance as set oat by the Act, and pointed out that it would be for the Mayot to establish at law one of four or five things set out in the definition. Could he do so? They ought have their opinion as to the " hidden mysteries " in the well, bat that was not sufficient. They could not succeed unless they could establish the existence of an actual" nuisance " (as defined by the Act). And if they went- to law and failed, they would have advantage taken of thiB by rate payers all over the town, and they wonld increase the very evil that they wanted to remedy. [n reply to the Mayor, Alderman Byan .aid the Council had certainly no right to go on the property to investigate to what extent the well might be deemed objectionable. He then seconded Alder man Boss's motion, which was agreed to. From the Board of Health, saMag the Council, in view of the possibility of a ewe of plague occurring in the|towa, (in whifth event it would be necessary to isolate the case) Jtojraake enquiries and report as to whether a cottage wonld be obtainable in each a case of need. Alderman Byan moved that the letter be received, aa4 the Matter In left in the I hands of the Mayor and Council Clerk. A?rom'w. Behan, cabman, complaining that the police desired him to take oat a stage coach license for hii cab, though the cab was already licensed by the Council. Alderman Utley moved that a reply he sent to the effect that ifc.woa outside the province of the Council to give advioe in such a case. Agreed to. From Official Assignee, Estate of Joseph Cile, notifying declaration of first dividend of 12s fid in the JE. [ The '3ouncil Clerks aid that the debt due to the Council was about Ai 12s.] From Secretary Parliamentary Standing Committee on Public Works, to the,effect that an enquiry re proposed Werris Creek line would be opened at Oubbo on May 1, and asking that witnesses' might be in attendance. The Mayor said he would be back from Batharat before that date. He asked that all persons willing to give evidence would submit their names to the Secretary of the H&ilway; Lvague (Mr. Heaydon). The Municipal Treasurer reported the receipt of £178 2s 3d since last meeting. Bank balances were as under:-General Revenue account, Dr. £676 ISs 2d; Gas account, Cr. J&l8l7s6d; Water account, Cr. £8*4 19s Id; Nighteeil account, Dr. £75 18s 8d. £50 was still owing by General Revenue account to Water account. Alderman Hoss asked if anything further was being done to get m arrears of rates, especially where large sums were owing. The Mayor said summonses had recently been sent out againBt persons heavily in debt to the Council. Alderman Ross asked why they had not been tackled before. The Mayor: A whole batch are sum moned, and several cases are coming before the higher Courts. Bis (the Mayor's) instructions to the solicitor were to proceed in all cases. Alderman Rosa mentioned the case of E. H. Landon, who had been prosecuted for non-payment of a few shillings. Several aldermen (amongst them Alder man Utley, who spoke as ex-mayor) said they thought Mr. Landon deserved to be sternly dealt with. The Finance Committee recommended payment ef amounts amounting to £124 18s, of which a proportion had already been paid, The report was received and adopted. The Inspector of Nuisances presented his fortnightly report. The inspection of premises was being vigorously continued. Summonses were to be issued against persons disregarding notices. X19 lis 8d had been collected during the fortnight for nightsoil dues, and JB7 01 5d for sale yard dues. The contractor for repairs to sale yards was awaiting receipt of timber ordered. The general health of the town was good and there were no cases of infectious disease. With one exception all cesspits had been abolished. In reply to questions, the Mayor said he had that day called on the Inspector to report on an alleged nuisance in Darling street, but the report had not been handed in up to that time. As to the complaint re the burning in an excavation in Muller Ward, he did not see that proceeding* could be taken against the present occupier. The existing nuisance arose from municipal neglect in past yebrs. However, he would see what could be done to abate the nuisance at the place. The Borough Manager presented his fortnightly report. 180 tons of coal were in stock. The consumption of water during the past fortnight had been 827,500 gallons. 147 cubic yards of gravel had been delivered. He asked to be allowed to engage labor to assist in top dressing paths. The report was adopted and permission granted. Alderman Utley drew attention to the necessity of securing astringent inspection of hotel urinals, etc., in view of the influx of visitors at Show time. The Mayor said since last meeting he, with the Inspector, had made a tour of inspection of hotels in Talbragar- Btreet. Some of the places were in very bad repair and he had instructed the Inspector to servethe necessary notices. The Mayor laid on the table petition from various residents in Newtown aid vi cinity, asking the Government to place in order the road leading from Mr. F. J. Phillips's southerly, and stated that the co-operation of the Council had been asked. Alderman Byan moved that the Mayor sign such petition on behalf of the Council. Agreed to. The Mayor apologised for the ahsence of Alderman Heane, and laid on the table suggestions by that gentleman re renewal of loans. The Mayor laid on the table report on the various duties , performed by the cleri cal staff. He recommended that the In spector of Nuisances be charged with tbe collection of Municipal accounts, of which the Assistant Clerk should be relieved; the Inspector of Nuisances to be in turn re lieved of indoor work, and to give his at tention to sanitary matterB. No alteration in remuneration was recommended. Iu reply to Alderman Field, the Mayor explained the nature of the work at the lake in the park. The order of the day for the considera tion of the Finance Committee's report re protest by W. White (maintenance man), againBt reduction of his wages by 8s a week on accoant of the appointment of a park caretaker, was called on. The Mayor supported the recommenda tion. It had been distinctly understood that the 8s paid to Mr. White for Sunday work in the park would be saved, and would go towards the caretaker's salary. Alderman Field also said that this had | ' been distinctly understood, and had it been otherwise no separate caretaker of the park ' would have been appointed. He moved that the report be adopted. Alderman Bean opposed, and claimed that the 8b added to White's wages was practically an increase, and had not directly anythfag to do with Sunday work. He moved that the allowance be continued. Alderman Boss seconded and Alderman Flannery supported the amendment. ' Alderman Lewis supported the motion. Alderman Utley favoured the fixing of White's wages at 60s per week with pay ment for overtime. The amendment was lost by four to three. Alderman Byan then contended that the report could not be adopted, as by, the by laws, a call of the Council was necessary to rescind the resolution at present in force re Mr. White's remuneration. Eventually a motion that the further consideration of the report be deferred till next meeting was agreed to. His Worship the Mayor moved: " That application be made to the Government to revoke the proclamation dedicating Town Common and to dedicate the same as a public Recreation Ground, appointing the Council Trustees for same." He stud this was the result of his delibera tion with Mr. Dulhunty, stock inspector, in view of letters recently received from the Stock Department re the town common. Alderman Byan said the Council had not the " ghost of a show "in the matter. The inalienable right of the public to travel over the common must be pre served. After a long discussion, in.which Alder man Flannery said that what was most wanted in connection with local stock ww a proper class of -auctioneers who would pro vide their own paddocks, the Mayor suggested that the application should (jo for what it was worth, and the motion was carried, Alderman Ross dissenting. FABBWELI, TO AlDEBMAN LbVTCH. Alderman Lewis said .that as that was the last time (for a lengthened period at any rate) that he should appear at that table-as he was about to leave on a visit to England-he .desired to say farewell, and to thank the Council for kindness extended to himself during his term of offiee. The Mayor, in reply, expressed the general regret at losing Alderman Lewis's presence and co-operation, ajid wished him a pleasint voyage and a Bife return to Dubbo. Alderman R. J. J. Ryan, after jocularly expressing a hope that Alderman Lewis was not about to go to the front in South Africa, also added a few words expressive of Alderman Lewis's services and devotion to civic affairs. This concluded the business. 