TOWN COURT. Thursday, 9th August. AN ENCOUNTER WITH A GHOST. A VALUER’S ADVENTURE. (Before Messrs Johns, P.M., Joselis, Els worth, and Long, J.’sP.) John B. Johns, valuer for the Town Council, was summoned at the instance of Constable Jones, of Warrenheip, on a charge of carrying firearms in a public place without the consent of the local au thorities.' He pleaded not guilty, and was defend ed by Mr D. Clarke (Phillips and Clarke). Constable Jones stated that at 7.45 p.m. on Sqnday, 29ih July. Johns called at his residence and told.mm that he was coming home along the Eureka road when he “met a ghost,” which jumped out oh him with extended arms.' The sight was apnalling, but he struck the figure with the stock of a gun he was carrying, and it fell to the ground. Witness said to Johns, “If you did so, why did it not in jure the gun ?” Johns stated that he had met a man named M'Allister and told him of the incident. Witness went down and saw M'Allister, who said: that Johns had told him the same story. Mr Clarke—-Had you any reason to doubt Johns’ story ? Witness—Yes, I had; I believed he was subject to hallucinations. Had there not been rumors of ghosts in that neighborhood? No. Did you ever hear of a ghost here ? I suggested that to the man myself. I have heard that there have been banshees at Bungaree. (Laughter.) Have you any feeling against Johns? None whatever. People had said to me why don’t you take ation against your friend Johns ? Did you ask Johns why he was carrying a gun ? Yes; he said he was taking it home for sport. Could you see that he had the hammer lock of the gun in his pocket? He had not. But you refused to go down and look for the ghost when he asked you ? I told him I had been out all day in the ranges after my horse, and was too tired. For the defence, Mr Clarke claimed that it was ridiculous to bring such a Jcharge against an officer of the council. Mr Johns, P.M.—lt does not matter if it was the Governor of Victoria, the con stable would be right if he thought an of fence was committed. Defendant stated that on the date in question he returned home from Ballarat. He took the gun home at the request of his son. He could have gone home on the Sunday morning, but refrained from do ing so from feelings of propriety. In the evening he started for home, and when passing a clump of bushes a man jumped out on him with the evident; intention of playing ghost. Defendant was carrying the barrel of the gun in one hand, the stock in the other, and the hammerlock in his pocket. As the man jumped out de fendant struck him with the barrel, and he fell. Defendant picked up the gun and ran away, and meeting a Mr M'Allister, told him of his experience. James M'Allister deposed to having been accosted by defendant, who told him that he had seen a ghost and knocked it down with a gun. Shortly after he met Constable Jones. The bench found defendant guilty, and fined him £2, in default to be imprisoned until the rising of the court. , 