BREVITIES. In tho N»rr.itic)«r« district, stock for ussessnipnt allow a (Increase of 5000 Jur^o stock nntl 200,000 sbcr p. The Victorian Imperial Bushmen on Board the Victoria has arrived at Beirn. Blayiipy has decided to erect a tablet with a suitable, inscription, and a picture of ' Major-General Baden Powell in its town-hull, 111 commenio r.ition;of-;the siege, of- Mafcking. 'Subscriptions to the New South Wales Patriotic Fund have now reached .£42,863. The Powers are threatening lo over ride the, Tsung-Ii-Yainen's opposition to putting down the Boxers, and British, Russian, and other troops, with quick-firing guns, have been sent to Pekin. For chronic chest complaints Woods' Great Peppermint Cure, Is 6d Pegging out claims .furd^m' lenses 111 New still contitiujiclp^ffSfuiet'e »re now at l^ast iSOtftJcluims staked out. ?^Queensland Parliament has been sutiinioned for the despatch of business 011 J17th July. Stock returns show there has been a decrease in O.ueeusland of 518.476 ca/tle and 2326 sheep duiing the past, y/ar. / Brisbnne flour millers urge that the duties on wheat and flour in that colony shall not be interfered with un til the two full years allowed by the Commonwealth Bill. The Melbourne City Council;hns ap pointed a female sanitary inspector. Fifty men employed 'ton' the rail way deviation works near Harden I have struck for 7s per day. I The Delagoa Bay-Pretoria railway lias 'been ' ra opened, and Middlc.burg has been proclaimed the Boer capital. Judge Koch, who was wounded at the battle of Elandslaagte, was ar rested in Jobnnesburg prior to the. surrender, for attempting to explode the mines. The Tsung-li-Yamen has reluctantly admitted 100 marines of each Power info Pekin to guard the embassies, There are 23 warships at Tuku, in Cliinaj including nine Russian, with ll,000troops on board. General Mercier was taunted in tho French Senate with forgery in connec tion with the Dreyfus trial at Rennes, and declared that under similar cir cumstances he would repeat it. The excellence of the exhibits in the West Australian Court at the Paris Exhibition, which was opened on Friday, has occasioned surprise. A proposal to extend the Victorian railway system to Wentworth is sug gested by Mr Outtrim. The total amount issued under the Advances to Settlers Act in this colony to date is £172,000. The first dairy factory in the Tumut district was officially opened on Satur day. During the past two months 5000 horses have been sold by auction at Albury, realising about £35,000. A proposal has emanated from Bendigo that an effort should be rnede for some Imperial troops to visit Aus tralia at the close of the war. A car for street watering purposes, to be run on the Sydney electric tram lines, has been constructed. Sixty-five Queen's chocolate boxes, brought from South Aftica by Messrs. Sleath and O'Conor, Ms. P., were 011 Saturday posted to relatives and friends of the original recipients. Sir Frank Cavendish, the British Ambassador to Germany, has com plained to the Reichstag that the meat inspection : legislation: recently passed is prejudical : to Australian tinned meats. . : Tho guaids sent by the Powers have been well received at Pekin. It is stated that the worst feature of the Boxers?, rebellion .is the Empress Dow ager's sympathy with them. Up-to-date work shops are being erected by the Government at Cocka too Island. New regulations have been issued under the Public Service Act, provid ing for the grading of several services, by heads of departments instead of by special boards. ; A number of policy holders in the, Australian Mutual Provident Society decided, at a meeting held at the Hotel Australia, to oppose the exteusion of the society's business outside Austra lasia. The Postmaster-General has cablejd to Mr Chamberlain asking him to fa cilitate the construction of the Pacific 1 cable, and statir.g that this colony is ready to fulfil its obligations. ' Gold totalling 17,636oz. was raiseid in the colony lost month, compared with 14,641oz, for May, 1899. The weir recently built at Cowra lias been partly washed away by floods. With the return of good seasons rabbits are ngnin becoming numerous in the Narrabri district. | A burglar, William King, in Mel j bourne, received sontcnces of four and six years' imprisonments, with periods of solitary confinement. Tho Victorian Government has been advised by Mr Chamberlain to wait ,.a while before securing a fresh supply of rifles. Prospects are favorable for a good season in Victoria. Great Cresar's Ghost 1 poor wasted frame, That once full vigour did possess, Can't be a man in else but name, llis cough 1ms brought him such distress. The undertaker smiles to think Next winter's cnM Iio'll not endure. Oil I ne'er say die, but take a drink Of W. E. Woods' Great Peppermint CnCe. 