DEAD MAN'S ROCK (By 2.) BOOK II CHAPTER X.—(Continued.) " You hound !" i cried. He laughed a low musical laugh and went on again— " Ah yes, you are angry of coarse ; but I let that pass. I have one account to settle with you Trenoweths, and that is enough for me. Three times have I had you in my power,Mr. Jasper Trenoweth—three times or four— and let you escape. Once beneath Dead Man's Rock when I had my filagers on your young weasand and was, stopped by those cursed fishermen. Idiots that they were, they thought the sight of me had frightened, you and made you faint. Faint ! You would have been dead in another half-minute.- How I laughed it my sleeve while that uncle of yours was trying to make me understand —me—what was my name then ? —oh, ay, Georgio Rhodojani. However, you escaped, that time : and once more you hardly guessed how near you were to death, When I looked in at the window on the night after the inquest. Why, in my mind I was tossing up whether or not, I should murder you and your white-faced mother. I should have done so, but thought you might hold some knowledge of the secret, after your meeting with Railton, so that it seemed better to bide my thime." " If it be any satisfaction to you." I interrupted, " you know that had you killed me then you would never have laid hands on that clasp yonder, you are welcome to it." " It is," he answered. " I am glad I did not kill you both : it left your mother time to see heir dead husband, and has given me the pleasure of killing you now : the treat improves with keeping. Well, let me go on. After that I was forced to leave the country for some time——" " For another piece of villainy, which your wife discovered." " How do you know that ? Oh, from Claire, I suppose : however, it does not matter. When I came back I found you : found you, and: struck again. But again my cursed luck stood in my way and that damned friend of yours knocked me senseless. Look at this mark on my cheek." " Look at the clasp and you will see where your blow was struck." " Ah, that was it, was it?" he said, examining the clasp slowly. " I suppose you thought it lucky at that time. So it was—for me. For, though I made another mistake in fog that night, I got quits with your friend at any rate. I have chafed often enough at these failures, but it has all come right in the end. I ought to have killed your father upon Adam's Peak ; but he was a big man, while I had no pistol and could not afford to risk a mistake. Everything, they say, comes to the man who can wait. Your father did not escape, neither will you, and when I think of the joy it was to me to know that you and Claire of all people——" But I would hear no more. Mad as I was whit shame and horror for my grandfather's cruelty, I knew this man, notwithstanding his talk of revenge, to be a vile and treacherous scoundrel. So when he spoke of Claire I burst forth— " Dog, this is enough ! I have listened to your tale. But when you talk of Claire—Claire whom you killed tonight— then, dog, I spit upon you ; kill me, and I hope the treasure may curse you as it has cursed me ; kill me ; use your knife, for I will shout——" With a dreadful snarl he was on me and smote me across the face. Then as I continued to call and shout, struck me one fearful blow behind the ear. I remember that the dim lamp shot out a streak of blood-red flame, the cabin was lit for one brief instant with a flash of fire, a thousand lights darted out, and then—then came utter darkness— a vague sensation of being caught up and carried, of plunging down—down CHAPTER XI. AND LAST. TELLS HOW AT LAST I FOUND MY REVENGE AND THE GREAT RUBY " Speak—speak to me ! Oh, look up and tell me you are not dead !" Down through the misty defiles and dark gates of the Valley of the Shadow of Death came these words faitnly as though spoken far away. So distant did they seem that my ears opened with vague expectation of another world ; opened and then wearily closed again. For at first they stared into a heaven of dull grey, with but a shadow between them and colourless space. The they opened once more, and the shadow caught their attention. What was it ? Who was I, and how came I to be staring upward so I let the problem be, and fell back into the easeful lap of unconsciousness. Then the voice spoke again. " He is living yet," it said. " Oh, if he would but speak !" This time I saw more distinctly. Two eyes were looking into mine—a woman's eyes. Where had I seen that face before ? Surely I had known it once, in some other world. Then somehow over my weary mind stole the knowledge that this was Mrs. Luttrell —or was it Claire ? No, Claire was dead " Claire—dead," I seemed to repeat to myself ; but how dead or where I could not recall. " Claire— dead ;" then this must be her mother. and I, Jasper Trenoweth, was lying here with Claire's mother bending over me. How came we so ? What had ahppened, that—and once more the shadow of oblivion swept down and enfolded me. She was still there, kneeling beside me, chating my hands and every now and then speaking words of tender solicitude. How white her hair was ! It used not to be so white as this. And where was I lying ? In a boat ? How my head was aching ! Then remembrance came back, Strange to tell, it began with Claire's death in the theatre, and thence led downwards in broken and interrupted train until Colliver's face suddenly started up before me, and I knew all. I raised myself on my elbow. My brain was throbbing intolerably, and every pulsation seemed to shoot fire into my temples. Also other bands of fire ere clasped about my arms and wrists. So acutely did they burn that I fell back with a low moan and looked helplessly at Mrs. Luttrell. Although it had been snowing, her bonnet was thrust back from her face and hung by its ribbons which were tied beneath her chin. The breeze was playing with her disordered halr—hair now white as the snowflakes upon it, though grey when last I had seen it— but it brought no colour to her face. As she bent over me to place her shawl beneath my head, I saw that her blue eyes ere strangely bright and prominent. " Thank God you are alive ! Does the bandage pain you ? Can you move ?" I feebly put my hand up and felt a handkerchief bound round my head. " I was afraid—oh, so afraid !—that I had been too late. Yet God only knows how I got down into your boat —-in time—and without his seeing me. I knew what he would do—I was listening behind the partition all the time ; but I was afraid he would kill you first." " Then—you heard ?" " l heard all. Oh, if I were only a man—but can you, stand ? Are you better now ? For we must lose no time." I weakly stared at her in answer. " Don't you see ? If you can stand and walk, as I pray you can, there is no time to be lost. Morning is already breaking, and by this evening you must catch him." " Catch him ?" " Yes, yes. He has gone—gone to catch the first train for Cornwall, and will be at Dead Man's Rock to-night. Quick ! See if you cannot rise." I sat up. The water had dripped from me, forming a great pool at our end of the boat. In it she was kneeling, and beside her lay a heavy knife and the cords with which Simon Colliver had bound me. " Yes," I said, " I will follow. When does the first train leave Paddington ?" " At a quarter past nine," she answered, " and it is now half-past five. You have time to catch it ; but must disguise yourself first. He will travel by it ; there is no train before. Come, let me row you ashore." With this she untied the painter, got out the sculls, sat down upon the thwart opposite, and began to pull desperately for shore. I wondered at her strength and skill with the oar. " Ah," she said, " I see at what you are wondering. Remember that I was a sailors wife onec, and without strength how should I have dragged you on board this boat ?" " How did you manage it ?" " I cannot tell. I only know that I heard a splash as I waited under the bows there, and then began with my hands to fend the boat around the schooner for dear life. I had to be very silent. At first I could see nothing, for it was dark towards the shore ; but I cried to Heaven to spare you for vengeance on that man, and then I saw something black lying across the warp, and knew it was you. I gave a strong push, and then rushed to the bows and caught you by the hair. I got you round by the stern as gently as I could, and then pulled you on board somehow—I cannot remember exactly how I did it." " Did, he see you ?" " No, for he must have gone below directly. I rowed under the shadow of the lighter to which we were tied just now, and as I did so, thought I heard him calling me by name. He must have forgotten me, and then suddenly remembered that as yet I had not given him the money. However, presently I heard him getting into his boat and rowing ashore. He came quite close to us—so close that I could hear him cursing, and crouched down in the shadown for fear of my life. But he passed on, and got out at the steps yonder. It was snowing at the time, and that helped me." She pulled a stroke or two in silence, and then continued— " When you were in the cabin together I was listening. At one point I think I must have fainted ; but it cannot have been for long, for when I came to myself you were still talking about—about John Railton." I remembered the sound which I had heard, and almost in spite of myself asked. "You heard about——" " Claire Yes, I heard." She nodded simply, but her eyes sought mine, and in them was a gleam that made me start. Just then the boat touched at a mouldering flight of stairs, crused with green ooze to high-water mark, and covered now with snow. She made fast the boat. " This was the way he went," she muttered. " Track him, track him to his death ; spare him no single pang to make that death miserable !" her low voice positively trembled with concentrated hate. "Stay," she said, " have you money ?" I suddenly remembered that I had given all the money on me to Bagnell for getting out my boat, and told her so. At the same moment, too, I thought upon the tin box still lying under the boat's' stern. I stepped aft and pulled it out. " Here is money," she said ; " money that I was to have given him. Fifty pounds it is, in notes—take it all." " But you ?" I hesitated. " Never mind me. Take it—take it all. What do I want with money if only you kill him ?" I bent kissed her hand. " As Heaven is my witness," I said, " it shall be his life or mine. The soul of one of us shall never see to-morrow." Her hand was as cold as ice, and her pale face never changed. " Kill him !" she said simply. I turned and climbed the steps. By this time day had broken, and the east was streaked with angry flashes of crimson. The wind swept through my dripping clothes and froze my aching limbs to the marrow. Up the river came floating a heavy pall of fog, out of which the masts showed like grizzly skeletons. The snowstorm had not quite ceased, and a stray flake or two came brushing across my face. So dawned my Christmas Eve ! As I gained the top, I turned to look down. She was still standing there, watching me. Seeing me look she waved her arms and I heard her hoarse whisper, " Kill him ! Kill him ! Kill him !" I left her standing so, and turned away ; but in the many ghosts that haunt my solitary days, not the least vivid is the phantom of this white-haired woman on the black and silent river, eternally beckoning, " Kill him." l found myself in at yard strewn with timber, spars, and refuse, half hidden beneath the snow. From it a flight of ricketty stone steps led to a rotting door, and thence into the street. Here I stood for a moment, pondering on my next step. Not a soul was abroad so early ; but I must quickly get a change of clothes somewhere ; at present I stood in my torn dress trousers and soaked shirt. I passed up the street, my shoeless feet making the first prints in the newlyfallen snow. The first? No ; for when I looked more closely I saw other footprints, already half obliterated, leading up the street. These must be Simon Colliver's. I followed them for about a hudred yards past the shuttered windows. Suddenly they turned into a shop door, and then seemed to leave it again. The shop was closed, and above it hung three brass balls, each covered now with a snowy cap. Above, the blinds were drawn down, but on looking again, I saw a chink of light between the shutters. I knocked. After a short pause the door was opened. A red-eyed, villainous face peered out, and seeing me, grew blank with wonder. " What do you want ?" inquired at length the voice belonging to it. " To buy a fresh suit of clothes. See, I have fallen into the river." Muttering something beneath his breath, the pawnbroker opened his door, and let me into the shop. It was a dingy nest, fitted up with the usual furniture of such a place. The one dim candle threw a ghostly light on chairs, clocks; compasses, trinkets, saucepans, watches, piles of china, and suits of left-off clothes arrayed like rows of suicides along the wall. A general air of decay hung over the den. Immediately opposite me, as I enitered, a stuffed parrot, dropping slow into dust, glared at me with one malevolent eye of glass, while a hideous Chinese idol, behind the counter, poked out his tongue in a frenzy of malignity. But my eye wandered past these, and was fixed in a moment upon something that glittered down upon the counter. That something was my own watch. Following my gaze, the man gave me a quick, suspicious glance, hastily caught up the watch, tand wasv bestowing it on one of the shelves, when I said— " Where did you, get that " " Quite innocently, sir, I swear. I bought it off a gentleman who came in just now, and would not pawn it. I thought it was his, so that if you belong to the Force, I hope——" " Gently, my fiend," said I ; " I am not in the police, so you need not be in such a fright. Nevertheless that watch is mine ; I can tell you the number, if you don't believe it." He pushed the watch across to me and said, still greatly frightened— " I haul sure you may see it, sir, with all my heart. I wouldn't for worlds—" " What did you give for it ?" He hesitated a moment, and then, as greed overmastered fear, replied— " Fifteen pounds, sir ; and the man would not take a penny less. Fifteen good pounds ! I swear it, as I am Although I saw that man lied, I drew out three five-pound notes, laid them on the table, and took my watch. This done, I said— " Now I want you to sell me a suit of clothes, and, aid me to disguise myself. Otherwise——" " Don't talk, sir, about ' otherwise. ' I'm. sure I shall only be too glad to rig you out to catch the thief. You can take your pick of the suits here ; they are mostly seamen's, to be sure ; but you'll find others as well. While as for disguises, I flatter myself that for getting up a face——" Here he stopped suddenly. " How long has he been gone ?" " About half an hour; sir, before you came. But no doubt you know where he'd be likely to go ; and I won't be more than twenty minutes setting you completely to rights." In less than half an hour afterwards I stepped out into the street so completely disguised that none of my friends—that is, if I had possessed a fiend in the world—would have recognised me. I had chosen a sailor's suit, that being the character I knew myself best able to sustain. My pale face had turned to a bronze red, while over its smoothly-shaven surface now grew the roughest of untrimmed beards. Snow was falling still; so that Colliver's footprints wee entirely obliterated. But I wanted them no longer. He would be at Paddington, I knew ; and accordingly I turned my feet in that direction, and walked rapidly westward. My chase had begun. I had before me plenty of time in which to reach Paddington, and the exercise of walking did me good, relaxing my stiffened limbs until at length I scarcely felt the pain of the weals where the cords had cut me. It was snowing persistently, but I had hardly noticed it. Through the chill and sullen morning I held doggedly on my way, past St. Catherine's Wharf, the Tower, through Gracechurch-street, and out into St. Paul's Churchyard. Traffic was already beginning here, and thickened as I passed down Ludgate Hill and climbed up to Holborn. Already the white snow was' being shurned and trodden into hideous slush in which my feet slipped and stumbled. My coat and sailor's cap were covered with powdery flakes, and I had to hold my head odwn for fear lest the drifting moisture should wash any of the colouring off my face. So my feet carried me once more into Oxford-street. How well remembered was every house, every lamp post, every flag of the pavement almost ! I was on my last quest now. (To be Continued.) 