Among the lcebergs A STORY OF ARCTIC ADVENTURE. CHAPTER XXIV. A STRANGE DISCOVERY. The next morning— it being Briscoe's turn to prepare the breakfast (for every one, the captain included, had a share in the work)— Harry, Dr. Wharton, and Macdonald went out for a stroll ; Allen, who was a little fatigued by the journey of the previous day, remaining behind with Briscoe. The sun had not yet risen ; but it was very pleasant, and, but for the ice and snow, they would not have believed they were in the Arctic regions. They had not gone very far before they started a number of ducks, which had been squatting on the rocks. The ducks, first affrighted, were followed by others, and soon the air was thick with the birds. They skimmed in hundreds over the sea, some alighting on the ice, and others on distant rocks ; there could not have been less than several thousands of them. Directly Harry saw them he shouted 'Eggs, eggs !' and darted up the rocks, followed by his companions. They were not disappointed. Eggs in any quantity, and in a short time they had collected enough to last them the whole day, even supposing that they ate nothing else. While engaged gathering the eggs, they had by degrees separated, and Briscoe was some little distance ahead. All at once Harry and Dr. Wharton heard him, shouting. 'What new discovery now ?' exclaimed Harry, running forward. He soon saw the cause of Briscoe's shouting. It was a heap of snow frozen hard, and rounded at the top. At one side were a number of snow blocks. 'Look here, captain,' Briscoe, said, pointing to the heap. 'What do you think of that?' 'Why, that some Esquimaux have been here,' replied Harry. 'That is what I think,' said Briscoe. 'Shall we break it open ?' 'No ; don't do that. We might offend them. We may well be polite, and go in by the door.' 'But there doesn't happen to be a door,' said the doctor, who, while the others were talking, had walked round the 'iglo' as the Esquimaux hut is called, and ex- amined it. 'No door !' said Harry, in surprise. 'No. And what is more there can't be anybody inside, or how could, they close it all round?' 'True,' said the captain. 'Then I do not see any harm in breaking it open. 'Stay,' said he, struck by a sudden thought. Remove those blocks at the side first of all.' Briscoe began to do so. 'Hallo !' he exclaimed. 'Here's a door, after all.' And so there was— a hole close to the ground, just large enough for a moderate sized man to enter. Harry and Dr. Wharton drew near and looked at it with curiosity. 'Who is game to venture in ?' said Dr. Wharton. 'Well,' said Briscoe, 'I'm not particu- larly afraid of no one in this world. I don't mind going.' 'Bravo !' said the doctor. The sailor knelt on the ground and put his head and shoulders in the opening. His body had half vanished, when, his companions saw it reapper much quicker than it had entered. He looked up with a face several shades paler than it was before. 'There is someone inside,' he said, in a half-frightened voice. 'I thought you said you were afraid of no one,' remarked Dr. Wharton, half jokingly. 'I said 'in this world,' doctor, if you please. And more I'm not ; but I don't like ghosts ; and if I didn't hear some thing very much like a ghost inside of that there snow-heap— blow me, that's all.' 'Well, I never heard a ghost,' said Harry; 'but as ghosts only come in the dark, we will break open the igloo, and let daylight in.' Nothing loth, Briscoe set to work, and, assisted by the others, very soon broke down the side of the hut and solved the mystery. What do you think they found ? An Esquimaux, lying on a snow-bed — an ema- ciated, wretched-looking being, but still alive ! Beside him was an earthen lamp, but the wick had long since burned out, leaving a little rancid oil at the bottom of the vessel. There was no other article — not a trace of food ; the poor man had been left to die! He opened his eyes feebly as the doctor bent over him, and a look of gratitude seemed to come into his face; for the fact was he took Dr. Wharton to be an 'angeko,' or wizard man, by the way in which the surgeon felt his pulse. 'He has just got over a fever,' said the doctor, after an examination of the man's face. Rather awkward — isn't it ?' inquired Harry. 'Oh, he is all right now. The starvation saved him,' probably. But he is precious weak.' After further conversation, it was decided to build up the hut again,' but to leave a tolerably large opening for ventilation. When the sick Esquimaux saw them doing this, he glanced imploringly at them, and said something in a guttural voice. 'He thinks we are going to leave him,' said Harry. With some trouble the latter made the man understand that he was going to bring him something to eat ; but it was evident the Esquimaux was not easy in his mind until a large basin of seal broth was brought, which he devoured eagerly. The discovery of the Esquimaux delayed the party a little. Harry thought he might be able to obtain some information about the country, so he determined to wait until the man was able to travel. Under the doctor's careful treatment, combined with plenty of seal broth, the man soon recovered, and in three days was able to walk a considerable distance. His capacity for eating grew large, and nothing came amiss. Some of the birds which were shot were very fat, and when the skins were stripped off and thrown away, Toolooak — for such was his name; — picked them up, and gnawed with great delight the raw fat which adhered; to the skins. About a week after finding Toolooak, the party made another start further north. It was the 9th of June, and summer had fairly commenced. As the snow on the cliffs which bordered the sea gradually melted here and there, patches of green, moss were disclosed which seemed most grateful to the eyes of the travellers. It was now so mild that occasionally they, would sleep in the boat; but more often they landed and built a hut on shore, which was easily done by means of the covering they had constructed. They had continued their journey for about a week, and were approaching Cape Union, which is the northernmost point of land yet discovered on tbe globe. Harry was anxious to see whether the depot of food was still safe, and he hastened to reach the spot, which was associated with so many sad recollections; for it was here the storm began which resulted in the loss of Bodge and Little Jack. Toolooak turned out to be a great hin- drance to the progress of the party. He, like all Esquimaux, thought of nothing but the chase, and the slightest indication of a seal was sufficient to attract him ; nor would he stir until he had either caught his prey, or it had escaped. These stop- pages irritated the captain, and once or twice be spoke very sharply to Toolooak about it. The days began to grow longer, and in a week's time the midnight sun would make his appearance, and there would be no more night for a month at least. Already the eternal gleam of his beams upon the snow-clad summits of the moun- tains, and upon the frequent glaciers, had produced its effects upon the travel- lers, and both Macdonald and Briscoe had suffered much from snow-blindness. Unfortunately the loss of the schooner had deprived them of the means of obtaining many necessities, and of colored spec- tacles there was only a single pair, which had been worn in turn by the four. At last Cape Union, whose majestic headland had been in sight for some time past, was reached, and in a few hours' time they might expect to reach the depot. So eager were they in watching the Cape become more distinct the nearer they approached, that they rarely cast a look behind. It was only by chance, that the surgeon did so, and he then startled his companions by a loud cry of surprise, causing them to turn their heads to see what was the matter. The sight which met their eyes was a mysterious one, and for two or three mo- ments no one could speak for astonish- ment. About five miles distant, and floating majestically along against the surface current, came an enormous iceberg— larger, as it appeared to their excited ima- gination, than any they had yet seen. But this was not what caused them the greatest astonishment. Icebergs, no mat- ter what size, were, after all, every-day occurrences; and the fact that one should be floating in a contrary direction to the stream was nothing extraordinary, as it simply indicated that the berg was of great depth and was being borne along by an undercurrent. No; it was not this which had for the time being struck them dumb with an amazement. It was the sight of the schooner Raymond attached by some mysterious means to the iceberg in front, and irresistibly impelled by it towards them. Harry was the first to find his voice. 'Great heavens !' he exclaimed in agi- tation — 'what can this mean?' And, indeed, he might well ask. There was something so ghostly in the way in which the ship was being moved along that there was, indeed, some little excuse if the men at first thought it was a phan- tom and not a real ship which was before them. 'If I'm not a madman,' at last said Macdonald, slowly; and rubbing his eyes, 'that there's our old ship. If not, it's a ghost, and no mistake.' 'Ay, and that's what I says too,' chimed in Briscoe.' 'Well, we shall soon see. In less than an hour she'll be up with us, and if it is te Raymond, we'll soon be on board, 'I'll warrant, exclaimed Harry, who could not help feeling greatly excited at the strange appearance of the schooner. To be contlnued 