TRINITY COMMEMORATION. Trinity Sunday lias for years past been as sociated, amongst Victorian Anglicans, with a commemoration festival service at St. Paul's Cathedral, a't which 'the importance of Trinity College, Afelbourne University, receives fitting recognition. Yesterday Itlic service for 1900 took place, in the presence of a great congregation. The festival opened with a long procession of choristers and choirmcn, followed by clergy in full canoni cals, amongst whom were the sub- warden of the college, tlie Rev. Reg. Stephen, Arch bishop Armstrong, Canons Tucker ana Ford, Rev. E. S. Hughes and the Dean of Ballarat, the preacher of the occasion. Next, preceded by his crozicr, came the Bishop of Mel bourne, and following him tlie college alumni in academic dress, the "sweet girl undergraduates," wearing their "mortar boards"; and last, the college staff, includ- liig Air. Collins, ALA., warden of St. Luke's Hostel, and Dr. Leeper, lay canon of the Cathedral and warden of the college. The precentor wns the Rev. Evelyn Snodgrass, vicar of St. Afark's, FitzrOy, possessor of a clear and musical voice. The lessons were read by Rev. E. Crawford and Archdeacon Armstrong, both of whom are old Trinity students. Trie anthem, Sir John Stainer.s ,heauttful I Saw Ithe Lord Sitting Upon a Throne, was excellently sung by ithe Cathedral cJioir, nnd the Dean of Ballarat (Dr. Parkyn) preached from the text, In the namoof the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost (St. Afa'thew, xxviii., 19). After alluding to the high place occupied'by .Trinity College in the academic world, he said that day was set apart by the church lor the celebration of the great doctrine, the mystery of the Unity in Trinity and the fpnuty in Unity. This doctrine of the Trin ity formed one of the essentials of the Chris-' t.'fln faith- The churches of Greece >B| 1 'Roihe, and the sections . of tlie; Protestant world, however dis agreed, on other points, had 'remained' .limited "in their Trinitarian faith. In 'teach ing this great doctrine the cliuroh did not mean -vllhat 3 was the same tilling as 1, or that 1 equalled 3. The Trinitarian believed in one God, and only one, quite as truly as the Unitarian. It 'was not a. question 'be tween one and 'three, but between One Who was a simple person, and One Who wa8 coin- ;l»ex— just as man. was imore complex 'than a- plant, ilie Trinitarian said that God was not a siriiple, but a complex, personality. Tlie higher fife went the .more it moved in the direction of complexity. The chief difficulty rin 'the ulay of accepting Trini tarian Iteacih'ing arose in-many minds Ifrcm the phrase in ithe Athaiiaaian creed, "Three Persons and one God.". 'The phrase, he would remind them,. nils not Biblical; it was only an accommodation to tlie weak ness of human 'language. Perhaps a better way wouM lhave been to have said that it was 'three "dietin'crions" in One Person — n o't three Persons in one Godhead. In reality tlhe 'doctrine must ibe comprehended as summing np tall they know of God ns lie had been ravclalod 'to 'them. Every man had a body, a imind and a spirit. When he called 'himself .immortal lie alluded' to his Raul; when ilie spoke of his being nil "intel ligent being" Ihe spoke of bis miiid; and when 'he fa Iked of dying ilt was his body thall suffered dissolution. Pursuing a lino of reasoning illustrating 'inliat he meant by the 'three disltin'cft manifestations of 'the Deity, .tihe Deam elucidated his view of the doctrine of the Trinity. He pleaded earnest ly for 'the reality of the "spiritual vision" by whirili the doctrine was apprehended, niul concluded wi'th an appeal ito 'the vast eon- eregakion to regard itlho doctrine not as a barren ilheologie.nl conception, but a reve lation of the Godhead which would stimu late and vitalise 'their .struggle back to trie Fakher Who was ilie end of life. , A solemn Te Deum -was sung, the wor shippers all faming to the oast, anil the Bene diction, pronounced by the Bishop, con cluded the service. 