Tlie Christian Endeavour World For Christ fijp^* * ^ Clllircl1' [communicated]. Softool of Methods. 1 ' ICond»cted by Rev. W. J. L. Closs, at the C.E. Convention, Brisbane.] ' Have you air taken th,e pledge? ll.uidi ,np. Good ! Now, what pledge ? The Chris tian Endeavour pledge. ??.Which pledge ? 1 confess I have been a good deal pu/z'cd to know what some Endcnvcurers meant by their pledge, because 1 have seen pledges ol all shapes and characters, So,me have filled a whole noire, others about two lines lone ; and all kinds of things in them, all Uinds left out. I am going to make a plea to-day for the C.E. pledge, pure and simple. I do not know whether ther.c is any Society that has tinkered with the pledge, but 1 am quite pie pared to say this, and to prove it— thatno one has done so without lessening its beauty and its strength. A tinkered pledge is ' always a weakness— it leads to tinkering ( with the principles of the pledge; I have never found it otherwise. I never saw a \- Society that did so without suffering for it. Take the whole pledge, (the support of your Churcli, andall the rest of it, from beginning to end. i If you are starting a new Society get into line with the whole movement. Take it not as a scourge, but as a weapon. Do you keep your pledge? (No!) You don't!' Well, I think that is a dreadful thing. Suppose I went .to a man and said, 'Do you keep your marriage vows?' ('No !') What would you then think of him ? Is the pledge keepable r I' vesi ?; men why not keep it? Do you think Christian Endeavour is tjoing to win the respect and esteem of outsiders if we arc pledge break ers ? Do you think we are going to have power in our churches if the members ol the Church and the officers look aad behold us i taking that pledge, and breaking it, and never curing almt it? I would sooner see the Society go down to the depths of tlie sea than take that pledge and deliberately break it. I confess that the pledge' is broken. It has. no right to be broken. The essential weakness of the movement is the breaking of the pledge. If we can keep it before Gad, we should keep it for Ged's honour and our own soul's salvation. It is a terribly real thing, and not to be toyed with. Any Endeavourer breaking it is going down lo ' spiritual degradation and weakness, to lack of touch with Christ, .to lack of joy. cf power, of love, of life. There is nothing that can so weaken an Endeavourer or Society as the breaking of the pledge. I f want to draw attention to one clause of it : 'As an active member I promise to be true i to all my duties, to be present at and take some part aside from singing.' I want to ask whether you keep that promise, Ni»w, let me lay stress upon it. There are the duties of private devotion, of supporting the Church, of taking part in every C.E. prayer meeting. You have said the pledge is keep able. I want you to keep it. If the prayer meeting committee allows a young member to come into the society, and allows the first meeting to pass without taking part, it has dona that member irreparable injury, and the committee has failed as well as the member. I am often pained to find from the monthly report that so many did not take part. That should never be. Every active member should take some part, else he grieves the heart of God, and does him self, harm. Better never vow than not fulfil you^ve-w. Now I come to the second part. The Prayer Meeting Committee. ,i Who do you think should be on the com .mittee ? (Active members), Always ! And there is a double meaning in that word active, never an associate, and also the most active in service for Christ. I used to think the most important committee vas the look out, but piactical experience has led me to change my opinion. The most ^important committee for the society's life and welfare, and service, is the prayer meeting committee. Your very best members ought to be put on it. Your members who see most clearly the face of Christ, who feel most seriously, the responsibility, ivlio realise most fully the presence and keep ol the Spirit of God. Why ? Because that committee has in jits keeping, the very life of the society ; the very health of the whole is in its hands ; the whole tone of the society depends upon the prayer meeting committee. If the vitality , is low you cannot do much work ; and if the Prayer Meeting Committee fails in its duties the whole Society goes^ down— not down perhaps in numbers, but in vital force.and 1 power, and what is'the use. of the rest? ., It will do nothing. It has a name to live and is dead, and, like a corpse, will spon become malodorous. ?i;-;.y'-V V- ?'? .?::'? '?;''? V- .',;'? ''?'? ? ;' ;-'c-;.':.' :Its Duties; .'''?,':. . ;;;.:.; What are' the. duties of the Praye? Meet ing Committee? '?*.,.. i (Answers : To isee the syllabus ; to give ? opportunity tc Vtdke ';- part ; :, to . take, note of those whbftake part, and'of those who take toe much- part.) .; Yes, that.is very import . ant. Monotony and monopoly trouble the society; :. Above, all.other. committees these \- are the training sergeants, the drill sergeants. You .have the raw material, a'nd have t« turn it but finished, and those responsible fer this training are' the prayer meeting committee. The first thing necessary is that they shoulH ' . b'e able to pray. In other words they must themselves have closest touch with Christ. They must be right up against the great \ - heart ol the Saviour, filled with His Spirit, 'possessed of His mind, ready and willing to be and do anvthinc or nothing for him, ab solutely filled with the Holy Ghost. As soon as the committee is appointed the first thing it ought to do is so wait upon Christ, \- «^ and keep waiting until it gets right into his ^ very heart, and he gets into its heart. Then it will have to be very resourceful, v^ery tactful, not blundering on and doing things' that hurt lather than help. . It will have to have gumption, If 'any committee wants the three G's— grace, grit, and gumption— it is this; and if you have gumption your 1 society will succeed. It will adopt itself to circumstances. Never give up, never know defeat, never be weary in well-doing. Frequent Meetings. How often does your prayer' meeting committee meet? Weekly. That is good. ' Daily would be better ; at least weekly, and the first feature of that meeting ought to be getting into touch with Christ. Then always be prepared to face its duties. Learn and know them. A good thing to go v to the president and ask ' What ought we to do?' If he cannot tell you invest a little money in , literature. It will pay every society to have a C.E. library, and have those books published for the different com mittees. It should be appointed a mouth before taking up active service, and give that time to study. In New South Wales I put them through a school, and every com mittee more or less was put through actual training in what its duties are and how they arc to be performed. It paid me a Hundred fold. I do not see how it can do its work by meeting monthly. Each separate indi vidual meeting of the society ought to be , gone over by the committee. Never leave anything to chance, God does not. Christ never lelt anything to chance Do not hope that the leader will be able to take the subject. The prayer meeting committee should engineer each meeting. Do not let the hand be seen, but have it there, and unless it meets once a week, how can it? The leader should be appointed with ducrefcrcncu to the topic to be taken. Don't set an unsuitable person as leader. Yen will find a subject lur each in the year, and it more than 52, run into next year. Then no leader should be entirely left t» himself or herself. Do not be : surprised if your leader spoils the meeting if you do thai. Suppose a drill sergeant sent the men out while he had a good time with hie pipe. The committee should meet with every leader and talk over the meeting with him. ' See where the leader is likely to he' weak. Sugifest helpful . thoughts ami ways, and be prepared es. pecially in th.it particular. Kmlcavoiir to take what the America is call the cold end of tlie meeting. You will be saying to yourself, ' 1 won't be able to do anythini- but eiidi.'avdiir.' No, you won't. That U exactly when; it U, because yon will carry your endeavour into everything you do. ?. SIlU— ' It,S Slr:'l-ifc lldtt- Mil.- Mll!l!!c-il tliinu'H in til'.. iiDiko tlw liii».,'.st dilli culticR.' II l- — ' That's s--. l,:i.-i night, for Itxtaneu, 1 conM liiul tin house all right, hut for thu It fo uf nm I couldn't find tho keyhole.' 