Eohica Plimpton Coursing Club. FINAL MEETING OF THE SEASON. Again the EehunaPlunipton Coursing Club had a miserably web clay for thoir final moot ing. A nasty drizzling rain sot in" in the ' morning and as the weather prospects were gloomy, it all'ccted the attendance somewhat. Despite thin, however, there was a fair at tendance. The oval was in first-class order, the hares were good, and the competitors boasted of some good performers, and as a result, soino excollont coursing was witnessed. During tho afternoon there wero very few kills. Tho Campaspe Stakes, for 1C puppies at £1 Is, was tho first event on tho pro gramme. British Blue led Flo by 15 lengths to tho hare, and afterwards did all tho work. The Dhroloen got to the hare throe lengths to the good against Philabertha, and scored a lot of points beforo tho hare gob to covor. The Red, White and Blue reached the lrnro six lengths in advanco of Imagination, and killed before tho latter had hardly scored. British Beauty led Starlight by 10 lengths, and on the turn had a very hasty fall. Star light then got in and worked freely, but be fore the cover, was reached, Beehive Beauty put in a couple of good wrenches and scored tho verdict. Morgan led Ladysmith by 20 lengths. The -latter then got in and was working tho score off as puss got to cover. My Kate Ranger lod Star Queen by C lengths, und did all tho remainder of tho work. Jinny , unsighted against Churchill, but when they started to score Churchill got in tho bulk of the work, but Jinny was scoring as they got to covor. Master Mao led Fugitive up by three lengths. Both scored alternately, but Master Mac showed superior pace, and scored the verdict. First ties.—Tho Dhro leeu led up by throe lengths from British Blue and turned. British Bluo killed ■ and spoiled her chance of winning. Tho Bed, White and Blue led up from British Beauty. British Beauty scored and killed, making tho scoro equal. In the run off Beehive Beauty lod up by two lengths. Tho Rod, White and Blue got in and scored. Tho former killed and won. Morgan led up by throe lengths from My Kate Ranger, but the latter then shot in and killed, the verdict being given in the former's favor. Church ill led Mastor Mac by threo lengths, and afterwards did nearly all the work." Second Ties.—Beehive Beauty led Tho Dhroloen up by two lengths. The latter got in and scored, I but Beehive Beauty drovo tho hare to covor and won. Morgan got up by a length from Churchill. After a little give and tako work Morgan wound up splendidly by driving tho hare to cover. Beehive Beauty and Morgan divided tho stake. In the Farewell Stakes for 10 all-ages, at £1 Is each, Ladywood and Rioter were tho first pair out. 'Riotor led up by ten lengths, but afterwards held off for his game. Ladywood then did tho re mainder of tho work and scored the verdict. Compensation led Bon Ami by six or seven lengths, Bon Ami then got in and scored a couple of points, but Compensation finished well and scored an easy verdict. Viscount got tho load by tivo lengths against Bridio, and scored a win after a little give and tako work. Wntohman led Splinter by throe lengths and scoring a kill gained an easy win, Tho Whip led My Chanco by two lengths, and scored a clear win. Ada appeared to lead Query II and score a lot, but tho ver dict was given against her. The public did not approve of the decision. Tho judge's verdict of the course was as follows :—Query II. led up by two lengths, and turned, scoring threo points. Ada got in and scored four wrenches and a turn, making the score equal. Query then wrenched and drovo tho have to covor, thus winning by half a , point. A very even go re sulted between Kitchener and Goldspot. The latter scored a close lead up, and after a little give a take work, Goldspot scored the verdict. Hedloy II led Cashier by ten longths, and turned twice. Cashior then killed. First Ties—Compensation led Lady wood up by six lengths, and afterwards worked well and killed, not allowing Lady wood to score. Watchman beat Vis count very easily. ^L'lie Whip lod Query II by a length. After a littlo give and tako work, The Whip drovo tho hare to cover. Iledley II got to the hare four lengths in front of Goldspot. Tho latter "got in and scored a couplo of points. Hedloy II then drovo and performed a clean kill. Second tios—Compensation lmd thobestof the lead against Watchman by four longths, and worked freely. Watchman wna scoring as the hare got to cover. Hedloy II went out lame against The Whip. Tho latter went up to tho hare by three clear lengths, and after won pretty easily. Compensation and Tho Whip divided tho stake. In the Moanm Stakes, for Bix saplings, at £1 Is each, Ladysmith beat Sultana rather easily. Franoy beat Buckley's Chance in a short, course, the have beiug killed. In a very long course Free booter got to the hare just before, it got to cover, and scored the win. First ties— Franoy showed much superior pace against Ladysmith, and won with ease. Franey and Freebooter divided. The main work was done by the secretary (Mr. J. B. Wilkinson), who was always to be found carrying out his duties, and he must be complimented on his untiring energy on behalf of tho club. Both the slipper (Mr. J. F. Turner) and judge (Mr. T. Chadwick) performed their duties in a satisfactory man ner. Tho other officers also assisted materi ally to bring about a successful gathering under tho circumstances. Mrs. Hampton had the booth on tho ground, and did good busi ness with hor splendid liquors and excellent luncheon. The following are tho results:— Campaspe Stakes, For 10 puppies at £1 Is each. Winner, £10; runner-up, £4 ; two dogs, £l 5s each. J. S. Campbell's 1) d British Blue, Old Bell the Cat—Biddy M 'Gee (January '99), beat W. M'Farlane'a blk b Flo, Sailor Daisy (May '99). W. Joseph's f 1) Tho Dhrolcen, Molfort Shrimp—Belladonna (August *98), beat E. Goonan's Philabertha, Blue Boy—Gipsy Queen. W. IS. Davies* ns w f b The Red, White and Blue, Vontana—Cora (November '98), beat J. S. Campbell's r d Imagination, Splin ter—Lady Hedlcy (Novembor '98). P. Clicnballs' r b Beehive Beauty, Harka way—Bit of Luck (Novembor '98), beat W. H.. Simmons* blk d Starlight, Chance—Ida (May '99). \V. Ualliday's blk w d Morgan, Bushran ger—Lady Highness (September '98), beat Jfi. Goonan's Ladysmith, Bluo Boy—Gipsy Queon. T. L. Barnes' ns f b My Kate Ranger, Bushranger—LadyHighness(Septomber '93), beat W. U. Simmons' f w b Star Queen, Chance—Ida, May '99). P. Chonhalls' blk d Churchill, Vcntana— Tho Raven (September '98), boat Evan Jones' blk w b Jinny, Napoleon—Maid of Athena, (July '98). IS. W. Peterson's blk d Master Mac, Con fidence—Darebin Gem (September '98), beut R. Bruco's f w b Fugitive, Bushrangor—Lady Highness (September *98). First Ties. Tho Dhroleen beat British Bluo. Beehivo Beauty beat Rod, Whitoand Blue. Morgan beat My Kate Rangor. Churchill beat Mastor Mac. Second Ties. Beehivo Beauty beat Tho Dhrolcon. Morgan beat Churchill. Final. Beohivo Beauty and Morgan divided. Moama Stakes, For Six. Saplings, at £1 Is each. Winner, £4; ruuner-up, £2. W. E, Davies' ns blk b Ladysmith, Ventana-Raven (July, '99), beat W. II. Simmons' blk b Sultana, Vontana-Raveu (July, '99). B. Farroll's f w d Franey, Bushranger Failthio II. (July, '99), beat R. Bruco's f b Buckloy'a Chance, Bushranger-Madam Molba(Sopt.,'99). • Bt FtttiolVa f \y d Frcobootois Bushranger* IMthie II, (July, Dt»)> bew!> U, Bvuoo'fl W Black Tracker, Bushranger-Madam Molba (Sept., „'99). K . -r-Ftfat Ties. Franey beat Lndysmith II. Freebooter, a byo. Final. Fraiiey and Freebooter divided first and second. FAREWELL STAKES: For 10 All-Ages at £1 Is each. ' Winner, £10 ; runner-up, £4 j tiro dogs, £1 5s each. Ti. W. Peteisori'a r w (1 Rioter (Harkmvay Honeysuckle) beat W. Ilalliday's f b Lady wood (Wait-a-While—Good Gracious.) F. Baird's blk d Compensation (Jerry— Coquotte) beat T. L. Barnes' ns r d Bon Amie (Shaughraun—Beehive Princess.) Dickson and Ken's ns blk d Viscount (Hedley—Countess) boat P. J. O'Bryan's ns f b Bridio (Banker—Rosio). W. Joseph's ns blk w d Watchman (Happy Gazor—Sweet Auburn) beat R. Bruco's blk d Splinter (Loopold—Wild Hazard). P. Chenhall's £ or r d The Whip (Harkaway—Ravine) beat G. Morgan's r d My Chanco (The Ghost—Miss Brennan). J. B. Wilkinson's f b Query II (Banker— Rosie) beat G. Morgan's f b Ada (Arbitrator —I.O.) E. C. Weilgen's fwdGoldspot (Goldsmith —Pigoontoe) beat H. F. Brodribb's us f vr <1 ICitchenor (Noorilim Jimmy—Ivy.) J. B-. Wilkinson's bl d Hedley II (Hedley —Countess) beat W. Brodrlck's ns r d Cashier II (Banker—Rosie.) First Ties. Compensation beat Ladywood. Watchman beat Viscount. The Whip beat Query II. Hedley II beat Goldspot. Second Ties. Compensation beat Watchman. The Whip beat Hedley II. ' . Final. , - •: Compensation and The Whip divided. 