INWHITE RAIMENT ' CHAPTER XI.— (Continued.) "No," she answered, with a sigh. "I fear that can never be. Happiness can never be mine— never." . "Does he love you?" Inquired the major, with a-note pf sympathy In fits voice. "Love pie? Why, of course, he does." \- . " r ou nave never- aountea mm 7" "Nevet'.!'" "And he has asked you to marry him?" "Yes,, a dozen times.". "When was the last occasion?" "To-night— rin hour ago. . "And you, of course, refused) "Of course." "Why?" "Because of the barrier which prevents my marriage with him." i" "And you will allow that to stand In tho way of your safety?" » "My safety!" she echoed. "I don't under stand." "Cannot you. see that if you. married Cyril Chetwode at once La Gioia would be power less," "All I" she exclaimed, suddenly impressed by the, suggestion. "I had never thought of that.!' "Well," he went on, "if you take my adr vice, you'll lose no time in becoming Chet- wode's wife. Then you can defy your enemies, and snap your fingers at La Gioia." A deep silence fell. The woman who was my wife was reflecting. "You say that by marriage I could defy my enemies, but that .Is incorrect. I could not cut 'myself free of all of them." "Why! Whom would you fear?" "You yourse|f!'-' she answered bluntly. "I know you too well, a|osl" she went on des perately. "I know/that I could neyer. be safe from your ingenious plotting, that just at the moment of my happiness you' would bast upon me the black shadow of the past." "You have no confidence in me," he pro tested with a dissatisfied air. "I can have no confidence in one who holds mo erislaVed as you do." . '.'And yet I haye coine here at considerable risk and personui inconvenience to give you warning." 'Because you fear discovery yourself." No," he laughed. '"I'm quite safe. I merely, came here to make two suggestions to you. One I have already made, namely, that you should marry Chetwode without delay. And the other " He' paused, as though accurately to gauge the extent of his power over her. "Well? Go on. I am all attention." 'The other Is that you should, as before, . render me a trifling assistanoe In.a little mat ter -I have In hand, which, if successfully car ried out, will place both of us for ever beyond the reach of La Gldia's vengeance." "Another scheme!" she cried wearily. "Well, what is It?' Soine further dastardly plot or other, no doubt. . Explain It." "No. You are under a misapprehension," lie responded quickly. "Tho affair is rib das tardly plot, hut merely a little piece of In genuity by which we inay outwit La Gioia." "Outwit lieri" she cried. "The very, devil' himself could not outwit La Glotal" . "Ah!" lie laughed. VYou women are always so ready to jump to ill-formed conclusions, age has one weak point."' . . "And you have discovered It?' 1 "Yes. I have discovered It." "How?" "That is my . affair. It Is sufficient to be' aware that she, the invincible, is neverthe less vulnerable." There was another pause, but at last the woman I loved responded in a firm deter mined tone. _ "Then, if this Is true, I leave It to you. You declare that you are my fnlend; therefore I can at least rely on you for prbhection, espe cially as we have so many interests in coin- nibii." a "But you must assist me, ''hie observed. "No." she answered; "I refuse to do that. I have pulqful recollections of what haB al ready. happened. The grim ghosts of the past are. always, with me." ; "You are far too Impressionable," he laugh ed, "If I had not stood your friend, you would have lallen Into the hands of -the police long ago," "And you?" she inquired. He did not respond. Possibly the subject was rather too unwelcome to admft of discus sion. From his fingers I knew Ithls man to bo at least' a gaol-bird who had performed hard labour, and It' was also certain that with the ingeniously prepared cigarette he had at tempted to take my frfe. " ' "No," she w.ent ou, in a clear, firm voice. "I refuse to be further associated with any of your schemes. You are quite capable of carrying out any villainy without my assist ance.''., "Noed we use the term villainy where La Gioia is concerned?" he asked. "You know her well enough to be aware that if sfie finds ypit she will be merciless, and will gloat over your downfall." "I would lrlll myself before Bh'e discovers me." my wife declared. "But you might riot have time," h'e suggest ed. "To die willingly demands considerable resolution. Women's nerves ' usually fails them at the extreme moment." "Mine will not, you may rest assured of that," she answered. "You don't seem capable of listening to rea son to-night," ho protested. "I rim capable of listening Ho reason, but not to conspiracy," she replied, with some hau teur. "I know well what is passing in your mind. It is not the first time that such a thought lias passed there. You would plot to Hake her life— to murder La Gioia!" He laughed outright, as though there were something humorous In her words. "No, no, my dear," he answered quickly. "You quite misunderstand my Intention." "I misunderstood your Intention on a pre vious occasion," she said, meaningly, "But in this affair our Interests are en tirely mutual," he pointed out. "You must assist me." . " ' ' "I shall not." "But i you must. - It Is Imperative. "We have everything to gain by' securing her silence." ' ' "And everything to lose by 'meeting her." "But when we meet her it 'will be in de fiance. I have thought out a plan." "T|ien carry It put," she said. "I will have nothlpg whatever to do with It." ' "I. may compel you," he sold, with slow distinctness. . "You have already compelled me to act as your accomplice, but you have strained my bonds until they cap resist no longer. I In tend to hrenk them." "That is, indeed, very Interesting!" He laughed, treating her as though she were a spoilt child. , "Yes!" she cried furiously, "I will kill my self." "And leave me to make a scandalous ex planation." "Then you would besmirch my good name .after my denth!" she said, turning ijpon him quickly- "Ah, yes: You show ypurself In your true colours. You would even weave about me a web of infamy, so as to prevent my ' taking my life. I hate and detest you." "That's not the first time you. have inform ed me of that fact, my dear," he responded, with perfect coolness. "If It were not for you I should now be a happy, careless girl, without "a thought be yond the man I love. Thanks to you I am, however, one of the most wretched of all God's creatures." "Y'ou need not be. You are petted In your owp circle of friends, and. your reputation remains unsullied." "I occupy a fnlse position." she declared. "What would Cyril Bay if he knew the truth." A .woman should never study the man who i9'to be her husband. It: makes him far too conceited; and, moreover, she Is sure to. re gret it in after life." (to be continued). 