ARMY TEMPERANCE. SPEECH BY SIR GEORGE WHITE. Sir George White is a vice- president of the Army Temperance Association. At its annual meeting in London recently he said: When this association was first started I very often found that it had to over come some opposition from commanding officers, men, I would say, not of the widest mental range. (Laughter.) I have heard eloquent words to-day about the system of "treating," which may be described as the pressure put by comrades upon other members of society to drink. I appeal to men :n the army who have lived in barracks and who know what that pressure is. The Army Temperance room always enables a man to get away from this sort of pressure. It is a har bor of refuge from what is sometimes very rough weather outslde. We have had reference to-day to the war in South Africa. I know from experience, not of that war alone, but of many ware, that the tendency of a war is to deplete an association like this. We have had re ferences to men, thirsty and covered in dust, naturally wanting a stimulant, and they have in some cases fallen, and small blame to them. Allusion has also been made to an en forced system of temperance that was conducted at a place called Ladysmnith. (Laughter). Well, ladies and gentlemen, there was an enforced sort of temper ance of another sort, and that was with regard to food supplies too, and perhaps that garrison may be congratulated on the absence of liquor. I may tell you from personal experience that the crime which I had to deal with most often was sleeping on sentry. Now everyone here will understand the danger of sleeping on sentry when there are a number of Boers round. It becomes a very incau tious proceeding even for the sentry him self. The conditions were very condu cive to slumber. We did not like to stand up on certain occasions ; it was pleasanter to lie prone. (Laughter). After a day with only a black tarpaulin as shel ter from a hot sun men naturally feel sleepy and heavy, and after working very hard at entrenchments on small rations they are done at night. Knowing that it was physical inability more than in dulgence in drink I took upon myself to remit a very large proportion of the punishment which younger and less ex perienced officers were inclined to give for what is undoubtedly and must al ways be a very grave military crime. The report shows that the amount of money subscribed to your excellent work is ex traordinarily small. Reference has been made to a fund wLich, I am proud to hear, has reached three millions and a half of shillings already for widows and orphans. (Cheers). But there are many widows and orphans made by intemperance, and. there are many women and children who are neither widows no; orphans who are kept very unhappy during their lifetime from the same cause. I would like to see more given to the cause which we are met here to advocate. (Cheers). Bishop Brindle's description of'. the Battle of Omdurman was very vivid, but indubitably the most beautiful touch of all was that with which he concluded the lecture--a lecture given, by the way, in aid of the Eastbourne Convalescent Home for sick and wounded soldiers from the front. Speaking of the famous, memorial service at Khartoum, at which four chaplains-the Anglican, Presby terian. Methodist and Catholic--oficla ted, the Bishop said: "At the conclusion I saw the Sirdar with his head bowed in his hands, and tears trickling through his fingers. For many moments he was so overoome that he could not even say a word of thanks to those who had assisted in the service." Strong natures are strong:y touched to fine issues. It is no wonder that he who, face to face, saw a sight like this, should, while admitting that his friend is a "man with a mask," resent with warmth the charges of hard ness and coldness brought against htm. As the "Dioptric and Ophthalmometrie Review" is the organ of the British Opti cal Association, the following incident narrated in its pages may have scientifie importance: A well-known lady who. poe sesses a pet Maltese cat found recently that the cat's eyesight began to fall oD she took him to an oculist. By means of a picture of a mouse the oculist quickly learned what was the matter, and was able to fit the cat with glasses. The lenses were set in gold frames, espeelally made. and now the cat's eyesight is as good as ever. There are many legends about ghosts at Hampton Court Palace. An artist re cently engaged In sketching there tells the authorities that he has seen a spectre hand of the lily and Jewelled variety, per sistently intrudindgin an impertinent and familiar way between him and the tapes try he was copying. Last time It ap peared he took a hurried sketch of It, and of a diamond ring on the forefinger. Henry VIII. had a Queen named Cathe nine Howard who, escaping from a room in which she had been imprisoned by the royal orders, was seized by the Guards and thrust back again into the room. The hand is supposed to be hers. Periodically the little tragedy of the re-arrest is acted over again. The lady Is tall and clad in white. A few ghosts of this kind are of great commercial value, as they pmrovide readable copy as well as a pleasant shivery feeling. "An hour ago I passed Colonel Eaden Powell's 'cosy' corner' on the stoep of his house. Our commander had fnished his official despatch, and was warbling a musical ditty. He began to warble a few hours after we dusted down the Boers on that memorable first Saturday, and he has scarcely ceased warbling since. HecwhIstles like a schoolboy, and when one hears his notes it is impossible not to believe that all is well. Tell it not in Gath'," continues the "'Pall Mall" war correspondent In Mafeklng, in a de lightfully breezy letter to his paper, "but some of us know that the gallant Colonel is also about as good a skirt-dancer as any that ever 'brought down the house,' and a few favored individuals who were Invited to dine with him the other even ing still talk of the many accompUlsh ments with which he kept the sides of the room a-shake and gained applause that made the hands of the applauders feel sore next day. He is a wonderfully tireless man, ever on the alert, ever with one eye on the enemy and the other divided between the town and that nlght mare, the native stasdt. Some say that he never sleeps, and I half believe that statement "-"M..A.P.! 