MR. AND MRS. PECK. Mr. and Mrs. George Peck returned to Orange on Tuesday night after a visit to the old country. They left Sydney on April 11th bv the splendid Orient liner " Omrah," and reached London, after a pleasant trip, on May 26th. The Bay of Bisoay was, as it often is, "Jrtce.a mill-pond." When it isn't tike & mill- pond it is like a boiling oauldron. Besides seeing most of the sighs pf the great metropolis Mr.- and Mrs. Peck visited Cheshire, tbe oouniyltown of which (Chester) is one of the oldest towns of Europe It .was built by the Romans and had a wall built round it. The wall is a wall, not a 4£ inoh partition that you can pu«h over by leaning against. Nowadays the old wall of Chester is in the middle of the town, and as Avidenoe of the thickness and solidity of the wall, there are row* of 6hops along the top of it. They used to "take trouble and build things to last in the good old days. Mr. and Mrs. Peck went to Ireland and to the Isle of Man. where tbe bob-tailed cats come from. They saw a good deal of various parts of Britain and admired mos' that tbey eaw; but, like all people who have lived in Australia for a long time, tbey bad no de^re to staj in Europe. When people get used to the free air and general roominess of this oountry of magnifioent dfctancaB, Europe seems too oloee-paoked In returning, Mr. and Mrs. Peok did not chance '* Bag of Bisouits," but went from Newhaven. to Dieppe, thence through Paris and Rome'lo Naples—a long railway journey. At Paris tfcey stayed long enough to look^af the Exhibition and they also stayed a couple of days in Rome as most tourists do for, as Phil May says. " be it ever *b crumbly <here's no place like Rome." Thoy visited the ruins of Pompeii near Naples. Somebody, whose apophtiiegin has outlived hie memory. ej»oulat«nl in admiia- 4ion of the bnau'iful Bay of Naples.J'See Naples and die." Xp whioh Mark Twain tfft*, "Sm'etl A toi ghost you can't live I" Mr. and Mrs. Peok, however, manaeed to stand it, and left, the old home of King Bomba by the Oraba ooming througn the canal and down the* awful Red Sea without particular incident, crossed the Indian Ooean,'rounded the Australian cost, and finally reaohed Orauge as stated on Tuesday night. -.At the jtUnorm^ they were met by a troop of friends andp relatives and were aooordea a hearty reoep^ ' tion. A pleasant sooial gathering was afterwards held' at '" Adarene," Mr, Peok'a residenoe in William-street, East Orange, where songs, recitations and music, together with refreshments, made a most enjoyable evening. Between 30 and 40 guests were present. Both/Mr. and Mrs. Peok look all the better for the trip. 