-\ Bjornsíjerne Bjornson. A PEN PIÇTURE OF THE FAMOUS r NORWEGIAN. ^ . There, could be no more picturesque and j I " striking antithesis of personality than that of-:\ fered in a comparison of Henrik Ibsen and;! ' Bjornstjerne Bjornson-the one all pessimism,1 fussiness, and conceit, the other an embodi ment af optimism, frank cordiality,'and that; zest in the things of the moment which keeps I the heart young while the hair grows white j (says Periton Maxwell, in the March "Book; Buyer")- Ibsen is a storm-cloud; Bjornson a j ' buist of sunshine. Both are strenuous! ¡ thinkers, and both stand for what Is truly re- ¡ presenta ti ve in Norse literature. In sketch- j lng Bjornson it is difficult to suppress one's en thusiast. There is so much of buoyancy, so I much that is vigorously cheerful in his per- j sonality, as well as in his writings, that the j temptation to praise is as keen in his case as the temptation to contemn is pressing In the ¡ case of Ibsen. One must be content, there- ; fore, merely to draw an outline sketch of this modern Viking gone into the trade of letters. . An interesting fact that has escaped his bio graphers is Bjornstjerne Bjornson's possession of a third name-Martinius. He has laid away the cognomen along with his political ambitions and his quarrel with King Oscar. The idol of his people, their ideal type of man, no less than their ideal author, Bjornson of late has been a world wanderer, going up and down the countries of Europe like a restless soul seeking repose in Purgatory. There has been no estrangement from his countrymen, no discontent om Bjornaon's part. He does not ~ attempt to explain his nomadism, for he can not. It ls merely giving way to that hatred of restraint which an imprisoned lion feels. Bjornson is a lion in appearance and in tem perament, and Norway is his cage; Norway, with its vast mountain ranges, Its snow.peaks and glaciers, its out-of-door life, its deep breathing, unconfined, and free- spirited race. Bjornson, the owner of a large estate in Nor way, spends most of. his time in Paris, in Rome, in Nice, anywhere but in his fatherland. He is a long-distance patriot. He is genuine ly f¿nd of his country and its brave and sturdy folk, but his love is aroused to its highest pitch " when he is farthest from home. In án early part of 1874, Bj ornson bough t a century-old structure at Aulestad, a large two storied dwelling house, in the common style of early Norwegian farmhouses. The author transformed this building into a modern coun try home, adding a balcony here, a verandah there. The place is an ideal one for a writer, ten miles from the town of Lillehammer, in the Gausdal Valley,, and near the River Gaus*. V Bjornson was charmed with the house, re mained in it long enough to write five books, i and departed for Rome. He returns to this . fine old house once in a year of work-days-a ' house with an outward and interior aspect of cheerfulness, the Bjornson, contagious cheer-? fillness- and, surrounded by his heaped-up books, periodicals, newspapers, pictures^ plunges into a manuscript that has long before been shaping itself in his mind. His task finished, he., is away again, a big, bubbling,1 good-natured bee that has come back to his hive to deposit his honey- and flit off among1 the flower gardens of the world. ~\ Bjornson is long of. limb, broad-shouldered (bending now under the weight of years), large in every bone and muscle, with an almost burly frame topped by a head over wir ch a, great, white mane falls and tangles as it may,! half hiding a face deep-cut and remarkable i^v. ifs expression of power; the mobile mask of;. the torrential intellect back of it. Behind a! pair of flashing spectacles dance and sparkle and glow eyes that read your, thoughts, that mock you, that for a moment hold you help lessly in a blue haze, and then warm up . the atmosphere with a signal of the laugh that, ' is to follow. In conversation Bjornson springs from a sitting posture to the attitude of Thor j about to hurl his magic hammer. For a ino- j ment he is astride a chair, or lolling clumsily;) cn a sofa, and in a twinkling he is pacing the floor, loud voiced, vehement, but always af fable; a verbal Niagara heard through a-tele phone; a Di..Johnson speaking in the golden tonçs of Chesterfield. I VJewhim from any angle, watch him in any: clinle, test him by any circumstance, y bu can not ; fail to see in Bjornson the jovial philo sopher and optimist. He is a boy. of 67, with- ! out a care, but interested in everything; a| merry lad near the Biblical age limit with the I brain of a statesman, the imagination of -an artist, and thè passion of a poet. Then he has his calm, domestic side also. He is a father who loves his children-one a prosperous gen tleman-farmer at Aulestad, one in the Chinese Customs service, and one an actor-manager of growing fame. Fru Sigurd Ibsen, the only daughter, has a reputation for beauty which Is juot confined to the Norwegian capital. . ..But whether as the national poet of his land, its! chief advocate In letters, its foremost orator, he te first and last commanding as a whole some character, who, born in a land of literary dyspeptics, has risen above the prevailing gloom, routing the glum creations of his con temporaries with characters of normal health, banishing their mechanical miseries with a ringing laugh, and proving to the world's satisfaction that there exist other things than ghosts and marital infidelities In Norseland.-? The "Argonaut." 