[?] THE SUBSCRIPTION TO THIS PAPER IS EIGHT SHILLINGS PEE YEAR. Edited by 'VIVIENNE.' (Uotnan in toe ? ? ? ? ? ». ClMtcki of M £aw ? AT THE CENTRAL POLICE COURT AND STATION. FOR THE 'SUNt-AY TIMES '-BY . A LADY SPECIAL. Outside life and sunshine and liberty; In Eide cold stone passages, colder cells, stern authority, . the' careless indifference of casual onlookers, and the varying stages of degradation presented by the ninety-six cases for whom the machinery of law is now in motion. We stand at one ena oi a ions about twenty yards from us the prisoners defile one by one from the station into the court. A stentorian voice calls the roll. An occasional witticism from or to some old habitue enlivens the proceedings: i ' Come ;alongj Annie ! Don't you know your name yet:?' 'Garn, yer ! ' snarls an old woman in reply. 'Here again, Lizzie ?' ? And so on. The .women mostly shuffle through with heads down— obviously not in shame but in sullen apathy. The pojice fall in after their prisoners; we follow in the rear. There seem to be a few kaleidoscopic movements, and lo ! we are all in our appointed places in an or derly court room. The prisoners behind their iron, railings face the magistrate on his bench; the other officials in their re spective positions below him; the Press re presentatives and the counsel; whilst to the left are a crowd of onlookers, and to their right' the' police who have charge of the prisoners. 'Silence '' calls Sergeant Davis, on the top note of his powerful voice. The hum subsides a little, and business proceeds apace. At the back of me an officer from the Sal vation Army is seated. She is observing the female prisoners, many of whom are doubtless well known to lier. I should hardly think there was much hope of 'saving' that material. Hard lines are graven on the faces there. Brazen defiance answers .Society's tentative efforts at re formation. Apparently every womanly trait vanishes in the cause that , forces a woman to face, in custody, the garish light and publicity of our police courts. Yet how the old familiar habits cling. As the name of a bent, 1 lfiose, faded, and dirty looking female is called, I notice a hand go up involuntarily to the tangled hair. Ye gods ! laugh on at the trivialities of human tragedy ! One's mind flies to the idea of an innocent, foolishly ignorant girl stand ing this side of the everlasting boundary line, and asking ere she steps across: 'Is my, hair right, dear ?' 'Drunk and disorderly — five shillings or twenty-four hours.' 'Drunk — first time this year — five shil lings or twenty-four hours.' 'Drunk in Hyde Park — five shillings, or imprisoned until the rising of the court.' With wearying monotony the list is gone through. As the women come and go in answer to their names, one with a jaunty air, a bit of crimson feather stuck in what was once a stylish hat, another sullen, with her clothes hanging on any how, and another muttering anathemas that are perhaps fortunately somewhat in audible, I speculate on the grim comedy of it. Somehow these women have a keener sense of humor than the majority of their Bex. Their derision is usually tinged with appreciation of the funny 'points' about the whole thing. It is a dangerous senti ment to express, but truthful observers will agree with me that this saving leaven of humor is rarely found in unadulterated Virtue. After leaving the court, I make my way to the station, where Sergeant Brookes dl rects me to the matron on duty. The latter tells me many interesting things about the ?women who' come under her charge, and ®hows me round their temporary quarters. 'This is the observation cell,' she says, pointing to an iron-railed enclosure in the room, where, the matron sits when on duty. 'Fe never put a young girl, here for the first time, in with the otheis. It is thought ibetter (to separate .them.' ' I suppose you search every prisoner .'Who comes in ?' 'Yes; we see that they have nothing they cin injure themselves with. In rob bery cases a woman detective searches female- prisoners.' She puslie'a back the slide in the door of a cell,: and, looking in, I see the prisoners just brought , from the court. Some of these are to ; be taken to Bfloela, some to Dar linghurst, and some remain a short space in their present quarters. One or two come up to speak to the matron, who answers them pleasantly before closing the slide again. ' Who is the young girl in the grey coat and skirt with the silk blouse ?'' I ask mentioning rather a good-looking damsel, who, on being sentenced, murmured pertly to the magistrate, 'Anything else ?' ' Oh, that's ? ? ? ' ' She seems rather a superior sort of girl.' 'Yes; but on the downward road now. She's always coming back here. Her people tried to keep her straight. They sent her to a convent for a while. But it was no use after she took to the drink. Her father sends her 30s. a week, I believe.' ' She is well dressed,' I remark. ' You should see her in the Summer,' answers the matron, ' she is just like a gay butterfly.' Poor butterfly ! Your wings are fast losing their bloom. There is hardly a glim mer of olden grace upon them even now. Three 'matrons are established at the sta tion. They are each on duty eight hours at a time. The innovation is . beyond the trial stage, and is generally regarded as a success. . After the rising of the Court I obtain an interesting chat with Sergeant Davis. 'Does the gaol often act as a reforma tory to these women, do you think, Ser geant ? Or is it merely a deterrent 1' He shakes his head. ' They are nearly all old hands, who come back again and again. The gaol takes them off the streets for a few days and gives them time to recover from their drunken bouts. In some cases it saves their lives. You see, they receive medical treatment and lead regular lives. Very of ten they give themselves In charge. One old woman a little while back was in need of medical treatment. When the magis trate sentenced her to a month's imprison ment she exclaimed, 'a month is no good, yer Honor, I want three months !' 'They don't all want long sentences, though ?' The sergeant smiles. ' Oh, no ! They generally blame me when they get them. I have their records, you know, and, of course, the magistrate- is largely guided by those; though we give the women every chance. For instance, you may have heard ? ? ? tell the magistrate this morning that she hadn't been here for three months ?' ' Yes.' ' Well, that was true. For she's been in gaol for the last three rnonth3.' 'And the magistrate didn't know ?' ' No; he couldn't know.' ' I suppose you get a good deal of abuse sometimes ?' ' Oh, yes ; they 'throw-off' at me oc casionally.' . ' The station is a pretty noisy place on Saturday night, isn't it 1' ' Saturday night, and early on Sundnv it is like Bedlam. As the 'drunks' recover it becomes quieter. And on Monday morn ing they are all of them quiet enough.' Not much Sabbath calm in that picture J I mention our gay little butterfly. ' Did you notice her ? It is only four months since she started to come here, but nothing on earth will save her now she's taken to the drink.' I learn that women drunks are much more difficult to deal with than men; that the majority of women prisoners are mid dle-aged or elderly; that there are slang terms prevalent amongst certain classes impossible for the ordinary observer to understand; and that, in a police court, a spade is called a spade. In point of fact, the blinkers we are sup posed to wear in everyday intercourse are herein' removed, arid we see as, probably, 'The God of Things as they are' meant us to see. AT THE WATER POLICE COURT. Differing very little in procedure and ap purtenances from the Central, the Water Police Court forms another stage for the enactment of our grimmest comedies. Chatting one afternoon with Sergeant Spence, I heard some curious tales cf people who have been here. As we talked, the empty court-room, with its hard, dusty, desolate appearance, became peopled to the imagination; the docks shut in their ghosts of untamed men and women whose hearts were buried in the ? greatness of their gradual fall. Yet, curiously enough, if one excavates deep enough (using the right tools), one can unearth these hearts. The difficulty is to know what to do with them. Until that problem is solved, of your mercy, ye well-meaning philanthropists, leave them buried. Let the mechanical figure answer to the relentless call of 'How do you plead ?' A woman was brought here last year who caused quite a flutter of consternation. She was indescribably dirty. Tho police touch ed her gingerly; the magistrate looked at her; the court 'drew back its garments' hem,' so to speak, and — the case was tried in the yard. In due course this erring one reached Darlinghurst Gaol, and, reluctantly, it must be confessed, the bath. The water in which her superfluous coatings, if not her sins, were washed away resembled, after the operation, a bran bath. Apropos of such little incidents, many people wish it made a sine qua non that the matrons appointed to police sta tions and gaols be educated and refined. But not many people realise what these women have sometimes to face. Putting objectionable language aside as a minor evil, there are other ways in which female prisoners amuse themselves impossible to describe in these columns. Firmness, commonsense, and physical strength are essential qualities in a ma tron. Are these easy to find in conjunc tion with education and refinement ? Will a gentlewoman, whose superior tact may generally be granted, look at the situation j unblinkingly, and surmount the difficul ties ? The authorities mostly say no, and | are reluctant io try the experiment. /But, of course, it remains to be proved. There are fewer women to be seen in the dock at the Water Police Court than at the Central. They seem iess draggled and un- j washed, though more brazen in their atti- I tude toward the world. It may have just J chanced so on the days of my visits; but I concluded the reason lay in the fact that most of the Central's cases are 'drunk and disorderly,' whereas here it is simply vice without the excuse of drunkenness. The \ women, too, obviously pay more attention to their personal appearance, a few being even well dressed. One '.'drunk,' I am sure, belongs to the great army of 'has beens.' Take a few years of degradation away from her, add some little of lost womanly grace, leave the quiet air and the quiet tones that seem natural, and you will probably find a lady one that vanishes as you gaze. She is dressed in a navy blue coat and skirt, and wears a pale blue chiffon toque, just begin ning to look soiled. Her fair hair is wavy; her skin is marvellously clear, though pal lid; her eyes weak and restless, and her mouth sensual-looking. 'Drunk at the Quay S' 'Five shillings or imprisoned until the rising of the Court.' Silently she disappears and someone else takes her place. A young girl, rouged and powdered, eyes i 'touched up,' white, nervous hinds, with long fingers, a habit of gazing slantingwise, never straight at people, and lips that wear a perpetual sneer. She feels, and makes you feel, that this Law, with all its majesty of force, is only part of a farce, the repeti tion of which grows intensely wearisome. | She stands straight as a die, and listens | unmoved to the extremely plain wording of the charge against her. 'Didn't you take the man over to the gutter and shake him and ask him if we hadn't robbed him ?' she enquires of the constable, in a thin, metallic voice. 'No,' he answers, 'I didn't.' She is about to speak further, thinks better of it, shrugs her shoulders, and sneers more perceptibly than usual. Pre sently she calls evidence— a man who has had the felicity of keeping her for twelve months. He states the fact in a matter of course way, but does not look particu larly joyful over it. 'Three months' hard labor !' And another of her kind is called. I notice that whenever a particularly 'hard case' stands before the Court, a shadow of amusement plays about the faces of the male spectators. I wonder vaguely if the women themselves notice it. Pro bably they look upon it as part of the joke and play up to it. If not, what a bitter ness of hate would be beneath their shame lessness ! Tbe officials, from the magistrate down, are all deadly serious. It is their busi ness. They are there to deal with plain facts. What these women have been, might have been, or will be never occurs j to them; at least, it is not allowed to I weigh in* the balance. The Court only considers things as they are, and the funny part of the whole legal machinery — of the whole social fabric for that matter — is left to the sole enjoyment of the pariah herself. And be sure she sees further than the rest of us. She might even put a different interpretation on the Fall than we do. I observe that frequently the women are released from gaol in the morning and ar rested the same evening. It seems to me that occasionally the police are over zealous. Of course, it is difficult to judge, but when one hears of a drunkard with 350 convictions and many more with over 100, one concludes the arrests were pretty fast. —ALICE EYTON. [Next Week — 'At Darlinghurst Gaol.'] 'SHE IS JUST LIKE A GAY BUTTERFLY.' CALLING THE ROLL. 