[?] ~Kr-fr- ?? ,. ^. VXTBUtigm BY afifidtAt ARnANSEMENT. ^S^ ^5^^ &d;® tf^?2' 9 ?ffT*r(''t't''''r''/'rtrtrt,rt,,,,,,,,,,,,w,,%,,l,,£,,,,,,£., A«Hiorof 'Tho- GiMt Tortor. Square Mystery,' 'Grif,' » The Sacred Nuttget ' 'iljriam Rozalla,' 'A Fair Jewess, V 'The Golden Tjand,' '?The Botray*! of John Foydhnm,' &c;, &o.; COPTRiaHT. OHAPTKR X.— tfionliriuti.) It was during one of his Inter visits to Paris that he met tho young lady who booomo his aecqnd wifo. The passions and inclinations of men are matters of impulse »nd inheritance, and though tlioy may be controlled thoy cannot bo destroyed. Tho moment Bernard Maubray saw Gabriolle a new flower o{ love took root in his heart, and her imago accompanied him when ho wont from her presence. She was very little older than his daughter Valerie, and it might fc»7O been thought that, tho disparity in their ages would liavo held Mm back. But ntrong-mindod as he was, the charm had fallen aDd ho could not resist it. If occasionally the doubt in truded itself that the union of a lady with a man old enough to bo her father was unwise, it was instantly dismissed. In tho lives of most men there are overwhelming tides which carry them onward despite themselves. That Bernard Maubray loved Grabrielle passionately in no way lessened his lovo for Valerie ; it helped, indeed, to strengthen it, inasmuch- as it oponed tho door to a closer »nd more constant companionship with his dear child. It would alBO impart new sweet ness to Gabriollo's union with him, for she would have a companion of her own age always by her side. He encouraged every argument favourable to the consummation of his ardent wishes, and dismissed every argu ment whicls bade him refleot before he took the final step. There were peculiar circumstances which kurried him en. ' CJabrielle's father was bo entangled in pecuniary difficulties that ruin itared him in the face. Not only ruin but dishonour; for in his frantic efforts to release himself from disaster he had in an incautious moment Btepped aside from the path of rectitude. Exposure meant dishonour, dis honour meant death. When Bernard Maubray oppeared upon tho scene all this was known to Gabriello, in whom her father, weak and ?sflrm of purpose, had confided, and her soul Tas filled with horror at the threatened tragedy. Bornard Maubray was tho one man who could avert this tragedy, who could preserve her fathor's honour, and in a moment of despair she consented to be his wife. No shadow of this deBpair was visible to Maubray. lie loved, and was blind. The ludncsa of her face was accounted for by the oloud whioh hung over her father's honoured name, the oloud whioh it was his good fortune to remove. To this cause, alno, he attributed her wandering glances and the nervous olasping of her hands when he pressed his suit. In a certain sense her sadness im parted a spiritual element to her beauty, and, given that her heart was at rest, all efiie was well. But her heart was not at rest. She con sented to marry Bornard Maubray, hut she did not love him. Had she made this clear to him ho would have instantly released her, but ahe kept her secret olose— the secret which only one man could have euspeoted, and that man one of the base creatures of the earth whose career wasstre wn with perjured vows and blighted hopes, with shame and despair, and aomctimes doath. Even' as it was she would not have accepted Bernard Maubray had she not had a firm conviction that her days were numbered, and that she would Boon go down to the grave with her secrot unrovcaled. By her act she released her father from impend ing dishonour ; by nature's decree she would be saved from a woman's deepest shame. So thoy wore married in Paris, and in tho church in which tho ceremony took place Inrked tho villain who had betrayed her. He kept so far back in tho gloom of unillumined pillars that he did not seo the faces of bndo nnd bridegroom ; he heard tho sound of mur muring voices j. and, the ceremony over, he ilunk away, twirling his Mephistophelian moustache with an air of satisfaction. It was »n obntacle removed, and ho was contented. ' By njy faith,' he murmured, with a smile, ' I have had my pastimo, and Gabriello is settled in life. Farewell, my sweet Gabriolle.' But if it contributed to his satisfaction to think that the consequences of his base act wore for ever removed, and that they would play no part in his future, ho could hare paid no regard to that dread Fato which weaves its threads in silence and darkness, and over torns the grandest as well as the meanest of mortal sohemes at the moment of fruition. Wo build our castles and dream our dreams, heedless of the uusoen shadow which waits upon our actions, and lo ! when the edifice is crowned and the dream is dreamed, a thunder cloud burBts and lays waste the work of the best years of our life Buck in his house, with his bride and his daughter by his side, Bornard Maubray Bent forth a work whioh set tho seal upon his renown as one of the world's great painters. Three of his happiest months went by, and then tho clouds became overcast. Gabrielle Boomed to bo pining away. Always quiet «nd reserved, she grew even fondor of silence and ' solitude. With lovo's solicitude he observed how thin and white she was, how tho least sound struck terror to hec heart, how when she was in thought and he spoke to her fhe started as though to ward off a blow. Ho questioned Valerie privately. Had CJabriolle complained? ' No,' answered Valerie, 'bIio never complains.' 'But bIio suffors?' 'Yob, she suffers.' 'Have you tried to ascertain tho cause?' 'Yes, but she insists thnt she IB quite well.' 'Is the house too quiet for hor. Does Bhe wish for company?' 'No, she dreads it.' And Valerie drew his attention to the oiroumstonces that when viaitors oame, or strangers were . announced, her one desire was to avoid thom. Indeed, »t tliia time, unknown to the father and ?laughter, Gabriollo was attempting flight to eonio spot where she was unknown, and where she could remain hidden from tho sight of all who know hor. Ho questioned Gabrielle iilso, nnd was distressed by tho nervousness utid fear she exhibited when thoy were alone together. ' Do I frighten you, Gabriollo ?' ho asked tenderly. 'No, no,' she replied, 'why should I bo frightened when you «peak to mo ?' But even n» Rho answered she nhuink from him and could not look him in the face. . ' If you have any griof, confide in me.' ' Yes, I xriY T was never strong, you know.' 'Wo will in~-.o yon strong,' ho said, striving- to speak cheerfully. ? ' You aro very good to mo— too good, too good!' Sho was on the verge ot tears, and bo foro l»ro to question hor farther. All that love «ould do was done— without avail. Hor peace of mind seemed to be destroyed. Bernard Maubray's most intimate friend wns Dr. Webor, a physician of great ritill and 'xporionce, nnd from this friend ho sought 'dvioo. Dr. Wobor accompanied tho artist homo, and ga.ve a gentle hint to. Gabriello of tho object of his unexpected visit. 'My husband is mistaken,' uhe said, but 'ill with that strange air of fear about her. ' I am quite well. It is only a little weak ness, that will pass off. I am glad to see J°n, Dr. Weber, as u frioud. I do not re Wire medioal odvioe,' Bravely as sho spoke she coula not com mand her voice ; her eyes filled with tears. Tears came easily now. 'Well, well, madame,'' suid Dr. Weber, ' behold mo as a friend, not a physician.' During tho ensuing fortnight he paid several visits to Crow's Nest, and making quiet observance of Gabrielle arrived at a iconclusion. ' Sho must have change of air and change of sceno.' he said to Maubray. 'Of the two I bolievo tho latter is the more important. Bhe has something on her mind over which she is brooding, and the quiet routine of her lifo may be injurious. Map out a three months' tour, and do not stop three days in ono place. .Take her to theatres where light pieces and light music aro boing played. A iittlo frivolity will do no harm.' When tho project was unfolded to Gabrielle she assnnted to it gladly, even eagerly. It was as if a. weight were lifted from her soul— ^from Maubray's also. His heart grow light at the relief expressed iii hor countenance. He showed her tho plan of tho tour ho had mapped out, and spoke of the pleasure in store for them. ' Wo will .start to-morrow,' ho said. 'We!' she oried, and the light died out of her face. ' You, I, and Valerie,' ho said, wondering at this change in her. ' No, no,' she exclaimed hysterically. ' I must go alone — alone.' i ' My dearest Gabriolle ? ' But Bhe would not linteii. With a soared look around, panting and weeping, ehe oried again, 'I must go alone — alone.' So great was tho violence of hor passion that he ceased to expostulate with her. He would not, however, consent to hor going without a companion, and after much urging and pleading a compromise was agreed upon, Valerio waa to aoeompany hor, and Maubray was to romain at hnme. As, in accordance with Dr. Weber's advice, the ladies were to atop no longer than three dayRin one* place, it wns arranged that Manbray should address his letters to the postc restante in the next town or eity to which they wore bound. 'You will write regularly,' ho said to liabnelle. 'Don't r.qJc me to promise,' she said. 'Tho moment I sit down to write a letter my head begins to ache' . But Valerie promised to write two or three mes a week, and with that ho was fain to be content. So the adieux were spoken, and they rode away. Valerie in her letters spoko more of Gabrielle than of herself. Now the invalid was a little better) now she was not quito so well, now sho said she was feeling a little stronger. Time arid time again did Maubray express his earnest desire to join them, if only for a week or a few daj-s, but Gabrielle would not hear of it, and somewhat to his surprise he was dissuaded also by Valerie, who before their departure was very anxious that ho should accompany thom. Condemned to seolusion ho took mental refuge in work, and spent most of his time in the Ruined Tower, where he painted from memory a marvollous portrait of his wife, .absence from whom intensified the lore he bore for her. Ho wroto long letters to the absent ones, and to Gabriolle ho poured forth his soul, writing as a young man might have dono under the influence of tho first divine dream of lovo. If sometimes iu Valerie's letters there 'was a forced gaietjyhe did not detect it, baring an eye only to tho brighter issues of this enforced separation from those ho held most dear. Thus month after month wont by until four had passed, and then the thunderbolt fell. One morning, without any intimation that ho was coming, Dr. Weber ascended the stops of tho Ruined To«-fir, and stood in the prcsenco of his friend CHAPTER XI. Bernard Maubray was putting the finish ing touches to tho portrait of his wife, upon which until this day no eyo had fallen but his own. With mingled admiration and distress Dr. Weber gazed upon the beautiful work. 'It lives, Weber,' cried the artist en thusiastically,; 'it almost breathes. What say you ?' 'It is wonderful!' replied Dr. Weber, oppressed by the mournful news he was intrusted to communicate. The sad note in tho doctor's voice drew Maubray's attention to him ; but ho turned the noxt moment to tho engrossing creation of his loving fancy. 'I did not wish you to see it,' ho con tinued, ' until it was completed. It has been my principal occupation theso last two months, and even now I am scarcely satisfied ; it is hardly worthy of the original, but who' could hope to fix upon canvas a face and form so perfect ? It is my gift to her upon her return , when she looks unon it she will know that she has lived in my heart. Valerie's letters lead mo to expoot that I Bhall not have long to wait for our happy reunion.' 'I have heard from her,' said Dr. Weber. 'From Gabriolle?' ' No, from Valerio.' Again the sadness of his voice attracted the notice of tho artist, and now he gazed upon his friend more attentively. 'I am guilty of great selfishness,' he said, laying his hand kindly upon his friend's shoulder. 'It is tho ourso of our nature. Porgivo my apparont indifference You aro in trouble.' ' Yos, I am iu trouble ; but not alono for myself, Maubray. Thoro aro sorrows which aft'eijt ua. deeply through sympathy with those wo love.' Maubray's faco grew pale as he laid aside his palette nnd brushes. ' You have receivod a lottor from Valorie. Does this sorrow touch me?' ' It touches you, dear frinnd.' ' Valorie is ill,' oried Mnubray. ' Then I must go to her. I was too weak and irresolute ; thoy should not have gone without me. I must go to them at onco — at onoe !' 'Valorie is woll,' said Dr. Weber, nnd his voice grew more grave. 'Good God! Itis Gabriello! Toll me quiokly — quickly! Why did not Valerio write to me? Speak, mun, speak! Therein something iu youc, face ? ' ' Summon all your fortitude, dear friend. Valorie did not write to you direct because dho feaved tho shock.'1 ' Tho Khock !' exclaimed Maubray, a vague torror stealing upon him. ' Sho is on hor way home ; sho will soon be horo.' 'With Gahrielle — oh, thank God! Gabriello iB ill, but wo will nurso her iuto health. My care, your skill ? ' His agitation ovcrpowored him, nnd ho could not proceed. 'Vnlerio comes alone,' said Dr.' Weber, eolomnly. ' Alono ! ' 'Dear friend, thore are griefs whioh need all our strength to bear. They como to all men ; it U tho human lot. But in the midst of onr anguish wo must not be regardless 01 those who are still left to us, and whoso lova will help to softon oven tho bitterest ntnvkei of destiny. The sense of duty remains ; faith remuiim ; and Timo, tho healer, will mitignto our sufferings.' ' Gabrielle is dead !' said Maubray iu a muffled tono, o»d turned hia faco to tho wall, 'Alas!' In that ono word the revelation was clearly made. For many minutes neither spots ; then Dr. Weber said', 'Valerio asked me to Woak tho Bad news j sho onclosod a letter for you.' 'Leave me, Weber,' said tho bereaved man. ' Do not speak, I cannot bear it. Sha is gone! Gone ! ' Ho sank into a chair, and covered his faco with his hands. A blank desolation fell upon him ; joy diod out of tho world ; nothing but pain and sorrow remained. The image of Gabrielle presented itsolf to him, as ho first saw her in Paris whan love touohed his heart ; ? he last saw hor when she departed with Valerie. Had ho but known — had ho but known ! The imago slowly faded, and the world was dead. He did not WPep ; tho blow wns too crushing: for the relief of tears. Dr. Wober placed Valerie's lettor on tho tuble, and poftly left the room. It wan a full hour before ho stirred from his recumbent attitude, nnd when ho raised his head his eyes rested upon the portrait of Gabrielle. He had depicted her with a smile upon her face, and her lips seemed to he opening in the act of speaking. Was it possible that this dumb canvas should livo and she be dead ? No, it was not possible ; some deceit had been practised upon him. But Valerie's letter dispelled this delusion ; the words swam in his sight, but reached his souse. ' Sho died in peace. Dear father, bo ' comforted.' A smile, bitter in ita rebellion against the inevitable, came from his lips. ' Bo comforted ! ' What could comfort a man living in a dead world ! Thia was a great tragedy in Bernard Mau bray's lifo, but in the heart of this tragedy was a secret, mercifully hidden from him by Valerie, tho knowledge of whioh would havo overwhelmed him with a deeper despair and a deathless horror ; a secret wBich would have shaken to its foundations his belief in human and Divine goodness. Mercifully spared in deed, though his anguish wns sufficiently poignant without that bitter knowledge which lay hidden in his daughter's breast. So overwhelming was tho desolation of his soul that the presence of his dear child brought no comfort ; that the presence of Madame Hart maun, who came from Paris to console him, brought no comfort ; that seeing them day by day, with tho consciousness that they were watching his misery with sympathetic eyes, animated only with the loving desire to find a way to mitigate it, was an added torture to him. ' What can we do for you.doar Bernard?' said Madame Hartmann. 'Leave me to myself,' he replied. ' Nothing will help me but solitude-. I must be alone to wrestle with my grief.' So it fell out — for thoir pleadings wera useless — that Valerie was once more banished from his home, and returned to Paris with her aunt. ' You are not angry with me, father ?' she J-.sked him on the day of hor departure. ' Angry with you, my child ? No — no !' 'You will send for me! You will lot me come home again !' ' When I am at peace, Valerie, when I suffer less, I will send for you.' Ah, the pity in her face— the tender com passion with which she embraced tho father she loved and honoured ! Was it treachery that she should keep her secret close, the secret that brought hot blushes to her cheeks, hot tears to her eyes, in tho solemn watchea of the night ? No, it was the truost mercy. It lay in its grave at peace, but no grave so deep as to help her to forget. To the last hour of her lifo its memory would remain. For two years Bernard Maubray kept him self secluded in Crow's Nest, admitting no friend or acquaintance with the single ex ception of Dr. Weber, and he came uninvited. Upon the first occasion, indeed, Dr. Wober forced himself upon hifl friend, alarmed by the reports which reached him of the state of Maubray's health. 'It is useless to expostulate,' said the doctor; 'I am hero, and here I intend to remain. Fiien'ls are scarce, and I do not intend to lose mino if my poor skill can fiava him. You are not ovor- nleased to see mo. Very good — or rather, very bad. Neither am I over- pleased to see you in the sin to you are. My dear Manbray — my dear Maubray ! ' The uu'durlying affection in this little speech brought a faint responsive smile toMaubray't lips. ' I am glad to see you, Weber,' he said. ' Forgive the coldness of my welcome.' ' I will forgivo everything when I see tha Maubray o-f old beforo me. Not this Maubray that I see now — why, my dear friend, you aro liko » ghost '. Now let us be practical. What is tho mattor with you?' 'I cannot sleep.' 'For how long has this been so ?' 'Many months.' ' I am going lo examino you. No protests ! I know my business, and you know yours. No denying that; and no denying either that to waste u talent — a God-given talent — is a heinous sin. How many pictures have you painted this last year ?' 'Not ono.' 'Then you have long arrears to pull up. You shall paint my portrait, so that a fitting presentment of mysolf may go down to an ungrateful posterity.' 'I cannot do it.' 'You shall do it. It is the only favour I havo ever asked of you, and I will not be denied. I will give you the first sitting to-morrow. Remomber, I am your physician.' ' I cannot put brush to canvas till I get some sleep.' 'I will enaviro you sleep; the lonely Ufa you aro leading is Huflicienfc to destroy your nerves and your brain. When did you hoar from Valerie last ?' 'Yesterday.' 'Is she well?' 'She says so.' ' When did you write to hor hist?' ' A fortnight ago.' Thero was reproach iu tho glance Dr. Webor cast upon Maubray, and ho felt it. Lifo was beginning to stir within him ; the friendly imporiuuriness, the healthy boiator ouanesii of thn doctor were telling upon the naturally healthy organisation of tho urtist. ' It is not liko you, Mnubray, to negleot -o sweet a girl as Vnlerio — your only child, who loves you devotedly.' ' Do I neglect her?' 'Would you ask that question a second tiine, Muubray?' ' No. You aro right in much that you say, in much that you imply. But you sae, I ain worn out. Tho curse of sleeplessness un balances mo.' Although Dr. Weber did not approve of opiates, he recognised tho necessity of them hi this ense. But ho found that ordinary remedies wero powerless to produce tho need ful repose, and he wns compelled to have recourse to a deadly drug of bin own pre paring, which had tho desired effeot. In a few days Maubray's oyo was brighter, hio skin wan regaining its natural colour. The drug Dr. Webor administered was » dissolv ablo powder, and one of ita virtues was that it was tasteless and colourless, and that it imparted no flavour to tho liquid in which it was dissolved. Thus a person taking it unaware would not suspect its presence, and this peculiarity rendered- it dangerous. So great wiik the benefit Mnubray derived from it thut huinsinteil upon being supplied with several doses for use, if needed, at Boms future timo when tho doctor's personal ser vices might not bo available. Complying with this request, Dr. Weber was careful to explain tho danger tbut lay in taking a larger doHP fluin ho had prescribed. [to be continukd.T IVIC — 7 A-»«nool Dentists' Society h:is been formed in connection with the Dental Hospitul, Port' land street, London. At tho inaugural lec ture it waa stated that loss than 10 per cent of Buhool bnys and girlx of nn average ngo of 12 do not requiro .«oino trentmont for decayed teoth. 