LevalMs Heir. CHAPTER v. HER WEDDING DAT. Half-p&Bt; two o'clock, Hnd her wedding day I Ravenel Annesley looked at herself in the glass curiously as at another person. She bad on a clean whits duck dreBS (bavin* looked with a shudder at yeeterday'd unlucky aits aid muslin) — nothing of her btsp-motber'e ebould go to ber adorning on her wedding day I Bnt in her plaiu white gown she ens lovely, nnd with a keen thrill of joy she know it. 'Thank God, Adrian's bride wub pretty, 'even if she went to him in a cotton gown! £ And in half, an hour she. would see him; tell bim of her lost ring (for, think as she might, she could net see how either L\dy Annesley or her maid couia nave taseu orevenseen .it. iter cotton slip bodice bad been carefully buttoned over it) ; or ^esterda/a purty, and i f how she bud waited vainly for bim. Sbe opened ber door and Btole through tbe house. She would not take Tommy. She wonld go alone t- church with Adriau ; all alone, ?wonld promise and vow to be bis alwayp. She hurried through tbe garden and down to the back gate. It was early still, and silly to expect him ; yet ebe bad a fooliBh pang of disappointment as sbe looked up and down the empty white road outside. ' Hu'll be here in a minute,' sbe said to herself confidently, 'and then I'll fuel happyegain. I hope lie won't be angry about tbat ring. And I wish £ knew how I lost it!' Sbe. sat down in-tbe shade just inside the gate and lost herself in a happy dream. Someday — noon perhaps — Adrian would come back from India, and carry ber and Tommy off under ber ladyship's nose, who could go anywhere she S leased, for the Chase was certain to be sold over er bead. ' And I shouldn't care. I've been too wretched here,' she thought passionately.'. And then some thing startled her. The Btable clack bad rung three strokes. Why wge Adrian late, who was always so early P 'I never knew how awful it was to wait!' she cried, springing . up. ' I feel aa if I couldn't tit still. I'll walk ud and down till I count a thousand otepB, and tben I'll look at the road again.' But ehe paced a thousand steps, and a thousand again J there was no sign of Adrian Gordon. 'Oh I' in spite of herself she trembled, ' it can't l-e going to be like yesterday. He must be coming.' Her heart quaking, she wished sbe bad brought Tommy. This was too awful. The tears came to ber eye*. She could not walk any longer, yet how could she sit t till P She shivered in the hot, sweet eun. . 'Oh, Adrian, hurry 1' ebe whispered childishly, , as if he must hr-ar her ;. and then eat down on the green bank by tbe road. as. if she were suddenly weak. For the stable clock: had struck four. ? It was tylong lane,- and no one passed by to see si: girl in a White £rcck sitting on;, the grass, careless ^?ef groetling the ppbcleBa whitenPSiJ of ber wedding .jjown;;-, no one1 looked with a wondering eye at the sick despair in her face, as. she sat dumb and motionless — waiting for the man who by this time should have been her husband. When tbe slow clock ran aix Ravenel Annesley ''got up. Rtcadying herself carefully. She was chilly and Btiff, and though she did not know it broken hearted. Truth and honour and love dead letters to her, she looked pace moro down the quiet . lane to the qnarry, where ehe and Adrian Gordon had kissed with lips that were qniok and kind. Well, he bad spoken the truth when he said she would have but A poor wodding day 1 She crept home at last, - white as her cotton gown. With only ono thought— to get unseen to her own -room — sbe went into the bouse through tbe open window of the drawing-room, where no one ever eat. But to-day it was, for once, occupied. Fairly inside the French window before sho saw the two poople in the room, she turned whiter than ever. Lady Annesley, in. hor beet tongown, drinking tea ; and beside her, the low nun full on hia hand some, sneering faee, the strango man who had driven her home Inst evening. Ravenol, by in stinct, put up her hand to cover her trembling lip. In her white gown, with her whiter faee, ehe looked like. a ghost ob ehe otood staring. Lord Lavallion had tho grnoo not to look nt hor as he 'came forward, and took hor cold, indifferent hand. Lady Annesley put down her eup puitiehly. ' Why do you nover come in by tho door like n Christian P' she Baid. 'You quite atartlod me. 'Lord Lovallion hn« come' over to ask bow you aro —after yeefcerday ! ' X*ord Itlv.ft'Up.n p. So tbU waa he. Woll, it was all OtlO to her I 'Thero wob only one man in all tho world who mattered to Ravenol Anneeloy, and he fand forsaken her. She turnod to go, stumbling on 'the window eill. 'Come and Bit down. Y.iU look tired t- death,' .commanded L*dy Annekley, nnd the taunt ntung 'her stepdaughter. If her world bad gone to pieces like n pack of onrds thero was no renoon that her ladyship should know it! She turned, eatdown on 5 tho first ohuir tho Gurnets, find met Lord Lovul ' lion's eyes turned on her curiously. ' Have you boon walking P It's too hot to walk,' -ho obsoived languidly. ' I got up enrly this -morning aud t„ ok my t-xoreiHe ; rodo over to havo breakfast with Captain Gordon of tho — liuuoara. Do you know himr Lady Annesley wbb livid in her fright. Sho had not dated eonflde in Luvnlllo — and what wai going ' 'to be the remit. 'Yes, I know bim'' R-ivonol naid nvonly. Sho ' had her hat in her lap and was playing with the pin out of it. ' Yon know ho wont off bo India to-day, then, by tho flrBt train for Southampton. I rather took him by surpriso, fur ho left me in London. 1 can't nay I hud a ohoorfiU, broakfnub. Every ono seemed ho uaat down at his leaving— 'but I enjoyed toy ride.' Thank God she could not got any paler ! And tho Annorley'e were ever proud. Thio one, who was but a child, and hurt to the heart, kept lier faoo stonily. 'Yes,' sho iftld, nnd hor voico nounded quite natural, for she hoard it nn though it wero some ono else's. ' Why P Wan Captain Gordon dull P' ' Extremely noisy, on the contrary. Delighted, evidently, to be getting nwny.' ?Bub nho heard Lovnllion'n annwor through tho whirl of a hundred thoughts that neomed to sound aud move in her head. Adrian lutd gone to India I — gono without a word of good-bye, broken all liiu -promison, furnaken her with a false, lying lettnr. Oh, Adrian, Adrian! Desperately, like a savage, Ravenel utuok hor stool hatpin etraigbt into her fliigor, and tho sharp pain steadied her. Slio must not— dare not— think of him now. What-.iver happened, nho inunfc be bravo boforo her ladyship and Levallinn. And that wild cry nt her heart waa stifling hor. Oh, Adrian— Adrian ! ' What'n the mattor P Havo you out your hand P cried her stepmother uhrilly. Levallion wan no -fool; ho hnd probably pub two and two togethor nlroady I Sho was thankful to boo a tangibloroaoon ^for tho girl'a strango pallor and quietude. ' Bavenel nodded. Not, for anything in the world ..oould she have spoiton without giving voico to thut rcry in hor soul' to Adriiic.jGordon, who was ou the r^'r'K :\v If Sylvia Annesley bad known it. nothing ehe in toe Wirid would have so softened Lord Laval lion's heart to the girl she meant bim to marry as tbe t ight of her sitting pale as death and nd proud. ' God ! there's stuff in the child !'. he reflected swiftly. ?' And I'll help ber. Madam Sylria's been up to some low trick with he.r, I'll lay my life !' but bis voice was cpoler than usual as he quietly cut rff aootbtr question from that much tried woman. ' Tbat pin haB gone through your fioger, Miss Annesley,' he interposed quietly. ' You Bhonld go at once and bathe it with hot water. Tbey are nasty tbingB— hatpins,' and he rcse composedly and opened the- door for Bavenel to leave tbe room. If any one bad told ber three days ago 'that she would ever have been grateful to Lord Levallion she would have laughed in their face. Buc now sbe looked at him as a caged bird might do wben sud denly set free ; like tbe bird, slipped through the door be had opened for ber, dumb and dazed, but — thank God | — sate away from Sylvia's eyes. Lord Leval ion returned to his seat. 'What have you been doing to,, that child, Sylvia?' he itquired harshly. 'You have de licately cngg-!Btcd you would like me to marry her, but I Warn you it is - no Use trying to force either' ber or me into it. If I . want to marry her I shall, bnc it 'a not any too likely. And the more you scheme the less I shall probably oblige you.' 'What makes you think anything ao abBurdP' angrily. 'My dear, lady, T put two and two together. First, you write, to me, and I have not heard from you lor years. Then you are eager that I should meet the girl. LaBt, I come here, and find you poor — unbearably t-'inr, for you I And a good marriage for the girl would mean a competence for yon, and I am the only man you know with money. So yon find out I am'staying with the duchess, drees your lamb for the slaughter, and make her life miserable so that fche will fly to1 my arms. Eb, Sylvia P' slowly. . .. Lady Annesley grew redder than her rouge. Levallion was two sbiewd for once, and overshot himself. But it was better he should think Bavenel onbappy at home than suspect she was sick for the sight of ^drian Gordon. ' I — we — don't get on ! It is a grief to me,' she said prettily. Levallion emiled. Any oth'er man wonld have laugbfed outright ; but he was not given to laughter. Fancy Sylvia — Sylvia ! — scheming and matchmaking for him. It waa better than any play. Sbe bad been clever, too, to have found out that he was thinking of marrying. Ho was forty-seven years old, and bad no one to inherit either title or estates but hie second cousin. If Lady Annesley had known her peerage better, ehe might have thought twice of meddling with Adrian Q irdon'e love nffairB. ' I should advise yon to try and got on— whilo I am here,' be broko the pause abruptly. ' I do not like jars and fears.' Lady Annesley trembled. She saw her dreams of Levaliion'e country houses and a comfortable allowanoe — above all, a position as Lady Levaliion'e mother — fading into thin air. ' The girl is dull here,' sho said. ' I can't help it. Sho wants a change, I euppoae, and I can't give it to her.' ' Take her to town for a week.' Her ladyship looked at him, her beautiful delicate face for once sincere. ' Walk there, camp in Piccadilly, walk home again !' she observed. ' What a doli^litful pro gramme ! That ia tho only way I could manage it.' ' Perhaps so,' returned Lord Levallion equibly, and rose to go. He had his own thought) on the subject, but as yet they did not burn to bo made public. He meant to come over again before ho went to town himself, but he did not mention that either. He wonld not coma to seo Sylvia, nor did he w-Bh ts be considered her ally. Sir Thomas Annesley, from a convenient poBt on thn stairs, watched tho visitor's exit, and thou re paired with haste to his Biater'B room. 'Bavenel, let mo in, I say!' be demanded, pounding on the door. ' But he got no answer. Bavenel, faco down, lay on her bod convulsed with rage and Bhame to think that She Bhonld' bo cryirfc herself siofc for Adrian Gordon, who had left her like a dog bu waa tired of — left her with lying pro mises he had not cared ts keep — ind taken the best parr of hor with bim. ' Ri vonel, let me in, can't you P I want to epeak to you 1' S.r ThomaB' persietent pounding reaohod her deaf oars at last. She get np trembling and began to bathe her BtaiGed face with cold water. ' I can't Tommy ! ? I — I'm washing,' sho called ont angrily. ' Well, hurry np nnd I'll wait !' Bavenel, sponge, in hand, flung the door open. 'Como in and bo dono!' Bhe cried. ' What ia it P' Her face was blotchod aud pntoby with- orying, and tho boy'e eyee kindled na he saw it. ' What'* that bruto Lnva'lion1 boon saying t) you P' ho demanded. 'And what's Gordou gone off for liko thin P' ' IIo'h gono -ff becauso he's sick of mo ; bo's thiown mo over.' Sho spoko btutally. Sho wan riot going to glosa things ovor to Tommy. ' And Lord Lovallion hasn't done anything. Ho's the only decent person I know,' with which tho door bangad once moro in Sir Thomas's faco. Gordou eiok of hor, and Levallion decent ! Tho boy waa dumb with nmnz:.'inont. She would be praising her ladyship next. Ho went slowly aivoy and sought Mr. Jacobs. ' My good dog,' ho trnid disgustedly to that vil lainous animal, 'there's going to be trouble I' (To lie conHnucd,) 