CHURC? OF ENGLANBD SYNOD. The first session of the tenth Synod of the Diocese of Goulburn commenced its sittings in the Church Hall this (Tuesday) afternoon. The Synou having been opened in due formn the Bishop delivered his Presidential address. THE BISHOP'S ADDRESS. Thie Bishop, after bidding tle members welcome to the first session of tihe tenth Synod, proceeded to say tlhat they were rmet togetser at a momentous epoch in the history of the British Empire as a whole and of these Australian colonies in particular. He then spoke of the rwar in South Africa in cosnec tion with the Empire, and of Federation it connection with these colonies. The succeed ing topics were as follows:-Diocesan Statis tics, Signs of Progress, Tihe Cathedral Debt, The Citurch Society, The Jubilee of Aus tralian Board of Missions, Tie Social Purity iMovement, Changes, Recent Agitations in the Chtrce, and Fanily Prayers. On the subject of tle war in South Africa the Bishop said:--For the first time in the history of tlhe Empire mnilitary contingents fromn self- governing colonies are fighting side by side wiith the troops of the mother comlutry. They are fighlting, we believe, againtst a crafty and well-planned attempt to oust BritiRsh rule, and to substitute for it the supremacy of amother nationality in. tho southern divisions of tihe great African coati nent. Let us hope and pray that the gallant soldiers te have sent forth, and thile brave men we have lost and manSy yet lose, will inot have toiled and shed their blood in vain; but that the courage and endurance and self sacrifice of the armies of the Queen may soon be crowned by tlhe establishment of righteous government, brotherly equality, and a lasting peace amontg all races in South Africa. Federation was also a momnentous epoch. The time has arrived, as most of us believe, when the six colonies of Australia, dislocated as they now are by warring tariffs, intercolo nial rivalries, border duties, and independent systems of naval mad military defence, should be united in one strong costsmmonwcaltb, co extensive with this great continent of tlhe south. Whatever local disadvantages may arise to particular colonies and capital cities it seemed that the general bcaefit will far outweigh 'tlhose disadvantages. Referring.to diocesan statistics some inter esting facts were given. The Church of Eng land population of the diocese was in 1891 said to be 54,567. My impression is that since that tino there hls been no cmnsider able increase. Tihe number of our parishes and parochial districts is still 36. The num ber of clergy actually engaged (in 1892) in parochial work was 36: it is now 39, and there are twro stipendiary readers. Of churches and school churches there are now 131; public buildings (inclusive of so-called "union churches") in whichl Divine Service is held 76; nrivate houses used for public worship 101; total, 308. Of parsonages there are 34; Crookwell and Cootamnundra are the only parishes that mhave none: but at Temtora the cottage thalt is called a parsonage is un suitable for a clermnwan to live in. Our schoolhouses and church halls number 14; 'our globes 34, varying in area from 5 to 318 acres. For the twelve months ending Easter last year tlhe number of communicants is re turned as 3956; of baptisms, 1556; of cotn firmations, 1050; of marriages, 320 (after banns 8, by licenses 321); of burials 325, but from six parishes no returns of burials have been supp ied. The accommodation provided in our church buildings is for 12,242 adult persons. The average attendance at public worship is 11,022 ; we lmavo 92 Sunday schools, with 5120 sclholars on the rolls and 3856 .in average .attendance. Our Sundays school teachers are 394: male teachers 76, female teachers 318. With regard to religious instructiol in Public Schools, the numsber of such :schools in our 36 oarishes is set down at 419. Instruction is given by the clergy in 144 public and 9 private sclhools, either regu larly or as opport-unity offers. The Public School system of Nea" South Wales is often commended - and justly commended -- for the facilities it affords for the giving of rc ligious instruction by ministers of relihions and other authorised persons during school hours. Yet it must be confessed that it largely fails to accomplish the end in view--that of im parting the elements of religious knowledige to all wrho attend tihe rschools. In this diocese the clergy reach, and that in many cases in a very imperfect way, 'only about one-third of the schools. It is possible tlhat more might be done. I fear, however, that even if every one did his best thie number of the clergy is quite insufficient to meet the needs of over 400 schools. It is a painful thought--the large number of our chlildren ---pa;rticularly in the more remote districts, where Sumdasy-sclhools are an impossibility, wlo are growinig up wiith but the scantiest knowledge of.Christian truth. It is much easier I know to point out and lament a defect tlhat to suggest a re medy ; but it is my earnest hope tlhat all the cldrgy, with tihe nassistance of such parish loners as may be disposed to hellP them. will do the very utmost that ran be done to bring home the faith of Christ to the mindiss sand hearts of the vounm of thie fnock cosmmitted to tleir care. The total yearly ilecomeof the diocese for the maintenance of the clergy and public worship amounts to £12,827, of which £84124 is paid on account of stipends, £921 for charitable purposes, the Church Society. the Clergy Widows and Orphans Fund. Sumday-schools and 'Missions. and £1.l08 for church building. Soume of the pa rochinl stipends retunled are, I regret to say. quite inadequate a remunaeratiol for tlhe work done. In nine of our parochial dlistricts -one-fourth of the whole number-thl e sti l)eldls ire less, and ili one or twO cases con siderably less, than £200 per inIIInum. Speaking of the silgns of Iprogress, the Bison hsaid ut his consecratio there wero 117 churches in the diocese, and now thier, wore 131. 16 neir churches hiaving been built. lduring tho' la.st. seven years. Fire were re built, five onlarged, and one adorned with i tower. Church halls had been erected at eogs, Gundagai, and North Goulburn. A church is being built at Currawoela, and hopes were entertained that others would be colronimncedi shortly. In seven cases tire So ciety for Promloting Christian Knowledge has supplemented local effort, and in five other rases substantial grants irere received from he Society for the Propogation of tie Gospel. d)uting tle last seven years d024 persons have received the hol rite of confirmnatiton. Dur ng my last comnplete visitation of the whole dices~, ff which began in Septemtber, 1898, and ended in December last, 1614 persons pre smelted themselves, of whom 60.1 were males. Dealing withl tbe Cathedral debt, the Bishop aid thast when he firsct brought the matter before them in the Synod of 1894 the total liability stood at £502J 18s (ld; at the end ob last year it stood at £3724 Os Sd, a re duction of £1068 us od during the last six years. It seemed to hlim tshat the time and nows come when they should make a united effort to wipe it out altogether this year. It was .o impossible as it would be unjust that the burden should be laid on the city of Goulburn. The Cathedral as a build ing far exceeded in every way tle require ments of the parish attached to it: indeed t-he' care and maintenance of the fabric was, d alhravsould ne, a severe tas on tie rochial revenul. It might bhe said that he ,as asking too mnuch wlen ahe suggested that liability of nearly £4000 slould be cleared off by the efforts of a sin-le yea-. That re mained to be sen. Ine did not forget, to begin witha tlnft from one family in the dioceset the ad the promise of" the last thousand o'nnds, and to raise from the whole diocese th.e remaining £3000 did not seem an impossible feat when in the piarish of Gundegai from the 1st of Januars to the end of April well on to £300. hod been ob tained by direct givring for a fund of e1000 proposed to be devotied to tile extinction of parochial debts. Referring to the Church Society, tihe Bishop in alluding to the labours of the Rev. t. Bevon, as organising secretary, said that when they, took into consideration tIlme high siualifications of Mr. Bevmn for the duties he undertook he did not tin tlt the re sults warranted a repetition of the expcri llt, at least under the mmse condititons. Trle payments in full for the last quartr of last year were only made by anticipating to ;ome estent thme incme of the first quarter ou the present year, and the outcome had been a shortg of nearly 0 per cent. in the payments of grants for this last quarter. ore was thankful to say, losever, thiat the capital at the disposal of the society and the anuual income tlhrefrom were slowly imicreasing. The original capital aimiounted in 1892 to e1500. of which £1000 appeared to be lost through the fraudulent. action of the mate Bisop'ns agent. In the society's interest h wris glad to say that there was now good prospect of recovering a consideablel portion of this sum from the late Bishop's estate. Tie S.P.C.K. haed paid £900 of tei ssromised grant. wRlici with nearly £00 e-I leoted by tie Bishop in England hod Alelid carefully invested. At their next session lici hoped to be able to announce trhat tlhe nriginal capital had been nearly doubled. Suceeedlg parhagraplhs vere .devoted to the jubilee of thle Australian Board of Mis sions and the social purity movement. Touch ng thie latter the forniation in thei diocese of tso branches of thle White Cross Union cos spoken of. The foul corruptih g literature nith which tile world teemed aend tihe peops larity it attained amonig mcl and wonen of all classes snvs a mnmiiifest proof that the struggle for Chlristian uritv snas to be one of thie great struggles of our day. We wsere taking stringnilt measures i order to stalmp out thle bubonic plague; and shall no mea sries be tamken to elcianse society froiu the horal pestilesr e that. walkotl in dearkniess? Thm lass of the land miglot do snomethlin towards it in flgranit rases; hut influence sas too subtle a thinag to be grasped by tihe policecman. It lied to be met by a counter iaflenmce. and the only infludne'hlre loss of that could couiteract tf e sediictionis of ani ii,nl passion waos the influence of the Gospel of Christ and 'of Cliristians example. Under the oheading of changes reference ias iiide to tile death of Mr. S. W\\. Alexandcr, liate Acting-Registrar, time resignation of the Idev. Jas. Glover and the Rev. WeI. r iurray Alburv, and to diocesan alilintniemts inlade The lIe'o. J. H. Bereo (frella England anid Souoth Africa) had beei appointed curate of Yass, and the Rev. F. A. Thorns, B.A., hlo had been doing scholastic sork in Adelaide, would take up- Mr. Glover's wors in tie Canethedral parish. Thie Rev. S. G. Best had srcceeded Mr. Clover in thle honorary office of Minor Calon. Speaking on recent agitations hi thie Church the Bishop said- Tihese agitations, I am thankful to say, seem to hIave abated i i Eli land, indeed for the time to hlave ahnoist rcseod. Time war in South Africa ies turned cit's mhlds to deeper and graver issues thant disputed points of ceremonial. But hsy should dislutes oni such questions arise at all? Buc cause, as we all kinow, within the pale of the Churtch of England, oer since the Reformia tion of the 1mth century, there have been ts divergent schools of thought--those wIhose oyoipathies I sill call "Cat.hollc" end ose wihos sympatlhics I ill canll "Puritaniu." y "'Catholic" i do not mean Rolman, but that wllich is primitive, that whlici thie mnlient udivided churEch believed and practised. The teiis "Cantholic" and "Roman" are in these dCays almost contridictories. By "Purli trman I mnli that system of religious ideasI which case into prominience at the Reforola lion and lias hleld its place ever since oin C)lristill thlouilmt. Attacld hiiore or less closely to eacls of these tso broad aiid in clusive sections of English Clirchlloanshipi is a baild of extrelmists. hose lovult to the Church ais costituted under thoe 'Reforsman ion settleomeit is solllehat open to ques tion. One of tllese bands of extremists- that which is most ill touch switli the Catholic side-has duriig the lust fes years iiitrodiiced into public sorshii certain ohlserviulnces swhich ore said to be dlistiulctively 1o10an1. Tllhy avpe beei oplosed switl much bitterness n11(1 souse violence by the extremists on the other side; not only so0, ilt the great. central body ot chulrclneii on either side has awoke to a seilso tlest liuiitlhorisld practices and Roome sard tendeincies should le firnaly checked. It las bcen seell --uited out by writers on the C:atlolic side tflnt that shlmich is mecdialeval is not primitive and tlsut swhieli is Roman is probably inot Catlolic. The Eniglisli Episco 10ote has taken thei matter iin hand and swith good effect. A few irreconcilables still set ip their plrivate judgment against lasu:ful uttlority, but the major psart of the ex treiiists on the Catholic sisle have submittcdl to the godly aslmduonition of their Bislhols. I rlive hail somie forty yc-u's' exhsericnce of siariousl types of chlurcheliiicii anid I regard it a1s simply lidiroius tlit any swll-iiiferiiinsd ilian shlo is hot bliiidled ly plrejudice slhould resslly buelieve thliat the Catholic side ini the Church of Eilgaind ilhvo aiiy "secret" desire to make the Church Roanei. They may ciiipliasise, on occasions somewshat strongly, those Catlso lie elements swhicel are inherent ini the Church's constitutiol: but tlere they stop. \ihon the Church sas passing ftiroghl one of its darkest hours of iseril siuce tihe Re formation, iui the reign of Jaiiies II.. hlio, I sould Rsk. swene conltent to no to prisou 01nd risk tire loss of all tliiigs raltheir tllun' roil stnt to a Revoal meaisurie whichlt seas dlesi-ned to favour iiimiiisiii ? Lot t(le history of Eng lalid mulie answ5cr. Meii of this type, for more Iliaus a doozei geierationss. have lived faitlfully 1,l, dlied joyfulhl ni tIml) CoUlluniaue of thb Church: and bh the gme of God, for as lans. gemmerations smore as tlmall live on the earth till the Lord come, the same type of Church men will be no less content so to live and so to die. The "Oxford movement" (as it is called) may have made its mistakes and had its failures-it may still have its excrescences; but. a movement which-the over-ruling Pro vidence of God has made use of to change the face of the Church of England, that has turned apathy into earnestness and deadness into life, that has put an end wherever its in fluence has reached to uncared-for churches and scanty and slovenly services, and lia taught men to worship God daily hi the beauty of holiness, a , movement that has brought home to multitudes of the clergy a sense of their duties and responsibilities and inspired them to fulfil them, thalmt hls re stored the Sacraments of Christ to their ancient and rightful place in thie household of faith, and year by year proclaims, in due order-and sequence, the life-giving truths of His holy gpspel, such a movement I sa is at least worthy of men's respect and should be secure from their suspicions and revilings. Whatever our individual opinions may be as to the methods adopted by some few of its# supporters, I should regard myself as faith less to the Churchl's Divine Head if I failed to recognsiso the quickening power of the Holy Ghost working in it and through it as truly as in any of the spiritual revivals that hLave preceded it. For myself, so long as I have reason to believe that a man is loyal to Holy Scripture and the prayer book, I have no desire, nor is it my duty, to pry too closely into hIis personal convictions on ques tions which are more or less open questions. I lhave too clear a perception of the breadth and tolerance of thie Church of England and of its earnest desire to embrace within its fold all who hold the faith of thie three Catholic creeds, rlwhich "may be proved bv most certain warrants of Holy Scripture,' and who love and serve the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity of heart. We want no cast iron uniformity of thought and devotion, such as the Church of Rome seeks to enforce under the guise of unity. Nor do I thinke diver sity of opinion on secondary matters to be in all cases an evil. Sometimes such diversities are a distinct advantage and furnish tlhe needed impulse to wholesome improvements. If the evangelical "innovations" of a hun dred years ago had not been repressed by the strong arm of authority the followers of John Wesley would probably have never separated from us. Let us learn to be tolerant. Let us eschew a spirit of sus picion and alienation, and cultivate a snirit of brotherly kindness and charity towards all who are loyal to the Church and shbw by their works that they have a zeal for its welfare. Let us remember the important points on which we all agree and tie identity of the aim for which we all profess to be labouring. Believe me the time is coming to us all when, by God's merey, we shall leave behind us the mists of our ig norance and our imperfect apprehensions of divine truth, and in the light of the Eternal Throne shall look back with wondbr, per haps with something like shame, on the' earthly narrowness and petulance which here kept asunder those who are fellow-heirs of the Grace 'of Life. The Bishop having spoken on the need for family prayer, brought his address to a con clusion. 