Com.ic Cuttings The Earliest Comb-makers.— Bees. ' No Risk Whatever.— A safe robbery... A Buy Election— Where the seat is sold. The ideal husband.— some other wbmio's husband. — . - ? ??? ? 'The Highest Approbation.— Applause ? frorn the gallery.' ' Hardly Suitable for Breakfast.— the ' roll' of the sea. . .. The man at the bottom of the ladder -can- not fall and hurt himself. An Intoxicating Beauty.— A pretty girl at- . tired in a wine-coloured silk. A Spiritual Inquiry.— 'Is It likely that ghosts talk In the dead languages?.' If you don't know when you are weli off, you are prelty sure to find out. afterward. , It would be a good deal.easler_lp love our neighbours as ourselves If they would -lo things the way we do. Why is selling off bankrupt goods like preparing a -basin of soup V'—' Because it's a. liquidation, of stock.' . ' Papa, why do they call language the mother tongue ?' ' Because the father so seldom gets a chance to use It.' - i It's Thrue, Avic 1— Says ? an Irish 'lover, ' ' It is a great comfort lo .be alone, especial ly when yer swateheart Is-wid yei' Mother's Image. — Visitor-: ' How much the baby resembles Us mother !' Father : 'Yes, It talked when It was only six monthE old !' ' ' ?-.'?' Mother : ' Johnny, why did you' not tell me that you were naughty at school ?' Johnny : ?? Tisn't best to tell women eye.*y» thing.' Prisoner : ' If your Honour will allow me a little time I think I can prove my in nocence.' Magistrate : ' All right ;' take thirty days.' Robby : ' How did the Sphinx get the credit of being so wise, papa ?'-? Mr, Know in : ' By keeping her mouth shut for about 3000 years.' . ' Do you suppose the telephone will ever replace the telegraph ?' ' It may, but no matter what happens it's safe to say - the telephone will have tbe call.' 'You don't even dress me decently,' sho cried. ' I'm going home to papa.' ' All right,' replied Doollts ; ' you might say to him also that I need a new suit myself.' First Artist (patronislngly) : ' Van Dike is a good fellow, but he never will be a finished painter.' Second Artist : ?' No ; all of his figures are entirely too lifelike.' George : ' I Just saw you coming from the conservatory with Miss Goldic. Rather handsome girl, but too reserved for me.' Thomas : ' Yes, I Just reserved her for life.' ' I am sorry I bought one of those door mats with ? Welcome' on It.' ' Why so ?' ' Some stupid fellow mistook the meaning of the word and helped himself to it the first night.' . ? - . ' Josephine Is dreadfully vexed with 'her husband.' ' What has he done ?'? '.' She gave him gold suspender buckles at Christ mas, and now he won't keep his coat on at dinner.' ? ' He : ' That is Just like a woman— reading the end of a novel first. It seenH to be the nature of a woman to jump at a conclusion.' She : ' I didn't Jump in thiB case. 1 skipped.' First Chicago Man : ' Well, I'm engaged to be married to Mrs. Rasher-Bacon.' Second CM.: ' You don't Bay bo ! Is po:-r Rasher-Bacon dead ?' First CM.: ' No ; but he's dying.' ' What, then,' the new woman asked defiantly, ' what, then. Is woman's sphere to-day ?' The old man shook his head in sorrow. ' The earth se^ms to be woman's sphere,' he said ruefully. .Lonesome Larry : ' I'm awfully uncertain about what 1 ale at dat boardln'-bouse,.' Weary William :.'What did It look like ?'& Lonesome Larry : 'I can't describe it, but its nom do plume was hash.' 'I wonder,' said the- young man, ' whether there is much money -to be made by writing novels/' ' Some, perhaps,' re plied tbe professional amanuensis, ' but not as much as by typewriting them.' 'Jane,' said the landlady severely, ' where are tho eggs for dinner ? I tola you to cook that dozen I borrowed from the neighbours.' ' Yes, mum, but you told me later to be sure and return 'em.'.' ' I see that fellow Dawson ' got out his new patent kites the other day,, and' per sonally he was taken up Into tbe' air plxty feet by them. He must be crazy/' ' Not crazy— but certainly a very light weight.' Nell : ' Miss Bjones uses French pbraseB In the most peculiar manner.' Bell : 'Does she ?' Nell : ' Yes, Indeed ! Why, at breakfast yesterday, I asked her how she liked her eggs and she said they were very chick.' 'Didn't your. brother forget his lines ft the amateur theatricals last evening 1' ' No— he only got them mixed a little. In stead of saying, 'I hear the tramp of ap proaching footsteps,' he said, ' I bear the footstecs of approaching tramps.' '. Voice at the telephone : ' Major, will you please bring your family and take- supper with us next Sunday ?' Servant girl (re plies - back through telephone) : ' Master and mistress are not In at present ; but they can't come to supper, as it's my Sunday out.' .'Every year,' said the professor, 'a sheet of water fourteen feet thick is raised to the clouds from, the sea.' ? ' What time of the year does that happen, professor ?' asked the freshm.in from tbe interior. ' I should think it would be a sight worth going to see.' ' Do you go to school, little boy ?'- ' oh, yes, sir— I love to go to. school !' ' What do you study — reading, writing, and aritbm metlc ?' ' All of those, sir 1' ' And are you familiar with punctuation 1' 'Oh, yes, indeed, sir ! - Teacher punctuated her tire las' week, an' I mended It (or. her In less ,'p. ten minutes, sir.' 'ATi\\-ld African cruiser' writes : — 'So-mo yeans since a captain, now dead, who was in command of the Island of Ascension, had to -decide a very difficult point of etiquette. Some of the ladles complained to him that the best seats In church— tbe front ones — . were taken by the wJves of the Junior pffl-* cers. The captain looked very thoughtful for a few minutes, -and then be gave his de cision, which was, 'In future the, elder ladles are to have tbe front seatB.' .' He was never again troubled on that subject!' 