Gowrie Junction. NEW ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH. consecration services. BY ARCHBISHOP DUNNE. A RECORD GATHERING. By Our Special Reporter. For Borao years post tho large number of Roman Catholio residents in and arouod tho Important contro of Gowrio Junction havo urgently felt tho necessity for tbo erection of a chapel in their midst. For rears and years tbey havo travelled Into Toowoomba on Sun day s to nttend Divine worship nt St, Patrick's. Adverse weather conditions and consequently heavy roads made no difference Iqtbo regular attcnaanco of those whoso health and ago enabled them to face such, but those who were not were, of course, handicapped by tho long distance to go. For aomo time past arrange ments were mado to celebrate mass at stated intervals at tho Junction at tbo various residences of members of tho con gregation, but owing to the large and., constantly increasing number of Catholics, It has been patent for a long tiuip jhat a cbapcl In that important contro was very much required. Father Fouhy, the en- ergctic Parish Priest of Toowoomba, had cot taken over the parish very long, before ho re- .cognised thc.ncccssity for tho erection of such chnpcl, aud with his characteristic energy be set his shoulders to tho wheel nt tho very first convenient opportunity, and wn9 not long in organising matters, and forming a com mittee to assist him in securing tho desired object. Tho committee was a very strong and representative one, comprising Messrs. D.- M'Mnhon, J. Fnhy, R. O'Mura, T. Hnydcn and J. O'Brien as Secretary and Father Fooby, Chairman? Success attended their efforts from the start and the public answered liberally to their call so much so that in a very short timo tboy were In a position to proceed with tho erection of tho church. A design was prepared by Mr. W. Hodccn, A.R.I.B.A.. which was accepted, and tho contract let. Tho work proceeded very rapidly, wUh the result that the church was last week com pleted. and duly consecrated on Sunday last by Archbishop Dunne. The day was a bonutiful one, and finer could not bo desired. Tho result was a record gathering at tho Junction. As an nounced previously, special trains wcro adver tised to run from Warwick, Pitts worth, Crow's Nest, and Toowoomba, and, wo be lieve, hnd one been run from Dnlhy also, it would havo paid handsomely. All tho specials wore crowded, the residents of each of the places nnmcd, as weir ns tho inter mediate centres of population, being all anxious to assist tho people of Gowrio Junc tion in making tbo day a success, nod one long to bo remembered. The Warwick train contained four carriages, aud was absolutely packed ; in fact, too much so, and more accommodation should havo been arranged for tbem, many of those who joined this train between Warwick nnd Cnmbooya bad to content themselves with standing room. The train was driven by Driver Graham and Fireman D. Henry, 'and was in chargo of Guard Mncalister. The PIttsworth train was driven by Driver II. Epplo and Fire man E. Corr, and in cbnrgo of Guard Deltry, and tho Crow's Nest train driven by Driver W. Gray, and Fireman T. Brady, and in charge of Guard Jas. Nairn. Both these trains contained three carriages, and were filled. The train timed to leave Toowoomba at 9.45 was delayed until 10 o'clock, but long before that time the six carriages at the platform were filled, and, prior to starting, two more carriages had to be put on, which were soon taken possession of. The local train was driven by Driver M. Crowley and Fireman J. Costigan and was in charge of Guard R. Shuttlewood. The run ont proved most enjoyable, and on arrival nt Gowrio Junction It was found that ail tho .other specials bad arrived previously and a great concourso of people were assembled there. As well as tbo largo crowds who arrived by train, largo nnmbers had arrived in vehicles and on horseback so that the pooplo assembled must bavo num bered something like 2000. The Toowoomba train convoyed somo of tho brethren of tbo local Hibernian Society, who, atGowric Junc tion wore joined by the representatives of the Warwick and PiiUtvorth lodges.- About 100 In nil then formed into procession and marched to the church. THE NEW CHUItcn is situated r little off tho main road, and is erected on the top of a bill. Tbe sito cboscn is one of the prettiest in the district, for .t commands an excellent view of the whole of the surrounding country, and no matter which way one looks a picturesque sight meets the cyo. ThoGowrie Board, of which Mr. George McClevcrty Is Chairman, did alfin their power to make tbe roads leading to the Church thatrcspcctwasappreciatedhyall. The Church as previously stutcd, wns designed by Mr. W. Hodgcn, and tbe contract work most faithfully carried oat by tbo contractor, Mr. C. F. W. Warnecko, both Architect and contractor being highly congratulated upon tho excellence of their work. Tbo church is designed in the ancient Gothlo stylo, and is simple and taste ful in its treatment. It is CO feet by 00 in dimensions, and it is entered through a porch ten feet by seven. At tho enst end of the ! church is an altAr of neat design, and on cither side of tbo altar are situated small apartments for holding vestments and for tho confessional. The altar ia separated from the congregation by means of a well designed altar mil. Tbe body of tho cburcb Is fitted with comfortable scats that have been taste fully designed, and add to tbo attractiveness of the interior. Tho building C03t £100 in its erection, but tbcrc are a number of minor Im provements such as fencing and treo-planting that will necessitate a farther expenditure before the whole surroundings nro In accord ance with tbo ideas of tho Committee. THE DEDICATION. A little after 10.30 u.m. the Church was crowded, tbo grantor portion being unnblo to gain admission. Tho dedication ceremony, in accordanco with tho rites of tho Roman Catholio Church, was then most impressively performed by nis Graco Archbishop Dunne, assisted by tho Revs. Father Fouhy and Father Lane. After tho dedicating and blessing of the Church was completed, His Grace, address ing the congregation, said that tbo ceremony they bad gone through, which somo of tbem would find translated into English in their prayer hooks, was oxactly tho sntno to a largo extent as that performed 3000 years ago by tbe high priests at tbo dedication ceremonies of tbeir temples. Tbo first temple thoy read of in history was that erected by King Solomon, anu tho dedication ceremony was handed down to them in that sacred book, tho Holy Dihlo, and it has given tho koynote to similar ceremonies from that day to this. Tbo Realms they bad said in Latin were tho radio as tbey might reAd in tbo sncrcd volume, and were inspired by the Holy Ghost, and inspired tho heart of man in all centuries that rolled by. That was tho first part of tho ceremony — thedcdicationof tho buifdinglo Al mighty God. The second part of tho ceremony was a prayer imploring tho saints to tako this building of thcira into good fellowship and Into their family lovo from now and over more. It was a beautiful Idea if tbey noticed it, inviting tbo saints and angels of tho In habitants of God's blessed Kingdom of Heaven to tako this new tcniplo into fellowship with them that it may bo in a small woy tho repre sentation of that placo above where the praises of God never cease. On tho way com ing down tbo road bo was asking Father Fouhy under what special title tbey wcro going to dedicate tho Church, because as they wcro aware, although every building of tho sort wns dedicated to Almighty God, the usual tbing was to dedicate it also fimlnv thn n n m ft nf enmft annninl nnft nf Oml'ii representatives here upon carthr This was a practice of tbo Catholic Church— a practico of nearly all EvAngelicftl Churches. The great cathedral of London City was dedicated to Almighty God in tbe name of St. Paul, in the ! same way were a number of other churches dedicated always to God and God only, hut in name to some special one of God's saints. Father Fouhy asked him tbo 1 question under what name would tbey dedicate this building to God. He bad thought tho question over and ho felt sure they all would agree with him. Their church was erected in the midst of a number of good families— goodCbristian families — he thought they coald get no better protectress, no better patrons to their church than " the Holy Family of Jesus andMary and Joseph." He hoped that Kt. Mary, thu blessed Mary, might be an example, a help and protectress to all good Christian mothers around about and that St. Joseph, whom Almighty God put forward to bo a protector to His infant 6on, that that St. Joseph might be an example to the men arouod this cburcb, and that tho Holy infant Jesus of tho family of Nazareth might be an example to the blessed little children growing up about tbem, so tbey dedicated tbe church to Almighty God aud Almighty God alone, but in name to those special patrons, those three members ot that Holy Family Jesus, Mary, and Joseph' He felt sure tbeir hearts would warm to that Idea, that tbey would took forward always to their church and tbiqk of the hlesscd family of Nazareth, tlmt the men would form their lives on the model of that same token, and also the mothers, and they would strive to rear up their children 03 model children. Ho con gratulated them heartily on tbe building they bail pat up ; be congratulated tho architect on too design, and tbo committee In baring so efficiently carried out tbeir work. Ho baa seen a great many new churches put up In the year. Last year twelve new churches bad been put up in tbo dioceso. including such important centres as Jondaryan and CJifton, all beautiful centres, and when filled with a congregation such as that now present, U wanned a man's heart. He remarked during Muss at Toowoomba that morning that about three months ago the Provincial of tho Jesuit Fathers was passing through Toowoomba on bis way to tbo north io the dlrection of Bockhampton. He stayed at Toowoomba, and said Mass and preatfied to tho people. That gentleman when he catno to Drlabanp, stayed with him between tbo timo of train and steamer. Tho Provincial said quite frankly that during a)1 his years in Australia as Provincial Superior of tho Jesuit Fathers, ho wns never so edified as on that Sunday (n Too woomba. Tho attention of tbo people, tho immense congregation gnthorcd there, tho number of fathom of families and young men present all pleased him. Ho (Ills Graco) might tell them that if the good mnn wore thinking for ever, I10 never could havo said anything so pleasing to his heart as that. Uo could never havo said anything that could havo brought greater comfort to his heart than that. Ho hoped it might bo said so for many a day to come. As tho congregation was now, so should thoso bo that camo after it by-nnd-byo. Ho implored upon tho fathers to set tbo children a good cxnraplo by attend ing the church, attending tho sncramont, and loading a good moral and sober lifo at homo. That was the sermon of sonnon9. If thoy knew tbo power thoy had with God whon praying for tucir children thoy would ho ashamed of not using it. A saintly man somo couplo of centuries hack said there was no prayer went up to Heaven that was better welcomed thcro tlinn tho prayer of tbo father or mother for their children, nnd tbo in stnnccs ho gavo of tho cxntnple thoy them selves could verify, for whilo our blessed Lord wns upon earth there was not ono slnglo instance of a parent appeal ing on behalf of tho child that the Appeal was not granted. Fathers ami mothers should tnko that as a lesson to them selves. Everything they asked God to givo their little children would bo granted, if it was for the good of tbo child. Thoy should apponl to God In prayer for thoir children, And try to seWthcm a good example. Let their lives be what thoy ought to bo, and by and byo thoso children in yours to como, instead of being a causo of grid to thoir mothcra and fathors, thoy will bo a crown of joy and happiness to thom hero unon earth. As a good woman said to him onco, " Look hero Father, it is as cosy to bring thom up good ns bad ; it is ns easy to care for thom and look nftcr thom as noglcet thom." Ho would say tho samo to. thoso present. Care for thom and look After them, and abovo nil sot them n .good example, whon thoy knelt before Almighty God, to pray for a blessing upon thoso littio ones of theirs. In tho old times tho father of tho family was tho high prle&t; of the family, and when God formed a nation for himself IIo formed a priesthood, but tho father of a family novor lost bJs high priesthood. Tho father should bo to the children the examplo, tho connecting link between them and lloavon. IIo would conclude by again nnponling to them to pray for thcir'liUlo children ; to go with confidence in thoir prayers to God, and it would bo given unto tbem. Tho. next tiling ho hnd to do was to appeal to them lot assistance to clear off tho debt oh tho churab and frco tho Committee from that debt. Ho would now go round to each of them for Assistance, nnd liarkou unto him now, the littio hit of monoy thoy gavo to God was novcr lost. Every bit of money thoy put Into a church, hospital, or school, when tho giver waa asleep, or nwako, or bad passed away from' thls world, pleaded for mm with Almighty God. Ho asked them to give with a good heart, and thoso that could not givo, lot tbem not bo ono bit ashnmcd. Tho eoilcction was thon taken up, and liberally responded to, £110 being collected In cash, ntul £15 in promlsoe. MASS. Tho first Mass in tho now building was thon celebrated by tho Rev. Fathor Lnno in a most Impressive manner to an attentivo nnd thanked those present for attending in such largo numbers ami also for bringing thoir littio children. It was a comfort to him to sco tho old pcoplo and also tho young ones attending with theni. Many of them had como a great distance, somo from Warwick, Clifton, and other plnces as far away. Uo hnd often in' other places stated that tho pcoplo of tho Darling Dowus wcro a nplcndld object lesson to pcoplo in othor districts. Ho thanked them heartily for their presence, and hoped God would rowurd thom for thoir good work. After Mnss, thoso who had formod thom- solves into picnic parties strolled down to tho creek or under the sbndo of trees, whoro tho hnmpers were opened, and luncheon onjoyed In picnio fashion, whilo tho greater portion patronised tho dinner prepared by tbe ladies. Tho Commllteo and tho Secretary (Mr. J. O'Brien) wcro indofntignblo in their efforts In attending to all. whilo many sought tho pro- senco of His Greco to reiiow tho acquaintance of ono who was dear to all in tho good old times when ho was more familiarly known ns Father Dunne. THE LUNCHEON. Tho luncheon was held about 1 o'clock in two marquees, which wcro kindly lent by tho Mayor of Toowoomba (Aldormnn M. Kccffo) ami Mr. Geo. Cole, ot tbo Dowos Tea Rooms. Tho tables wore beautifully arranged, and hulcn abundantly, tho lunohcon being a credit to tho ladies of tho denomination, who made all nrrnngoments. Tbo Rov. Father Fouhy. P.P., presided, having on his right tbo Archbishop, and on Ills left Mr. Donald Mackintosh, M.L.A. Written apologies for non-nttcndanco were received from Messrs. W. Thorn and W. II- Groom, MM.L.A. After justice hnd been dono thogood things provided tho Rev. Father Fouby rose, stating ho wished to thank a great many persons for the help thoy had given, which hnd led to tho success of tho day— for thoy would agree with him that tho day was a success, whon ho told them that £110 had been collected, and £10 or £15 extra promised, besides which tho ladles wore going to make a purse of their own out of tbo proceeds of tho dinner, which he expected would, mako About £40. Applause.) Ho had first to thank tho moni tors of the Gowrio Divisional Iionrd, and especially tho Chairman, Mr. Geo. McClovcrty, for the two good roads thoy had mado, one for tho pedestrians and tho other for tho car riages. Ho qlso thanked Mr. M. Kccffo and Mr. Gcorgo Colo for having lent tho beautiful marquees, nnd having spent timo and trouble in their erection; and his own Bpecinl thanks were duo to tho Committeo, Messrs. Dan McMahon, John Fnhy, Body O'Marn, John O'Brien, and T. Hnydcn. Slncotho Committeo bad taken in hand tho arrangement they had worked harmoniously nnd put their shoulders to tho wheel, and he thought he would not bo ablo to chooso five more amiable gentlemen on tho Downs. Ho had to thank also tho gentlemen of the Press for having been over ready lo insert paragraphs in tho newspapers, nis next thanas— perhaps it should have been tho first— were duo to tho ladies for all they had dono. They bad In tho first place collected enough to buy all tho furniture about tho altar— ubout £U0--and they went to tbo trouble of getting up tbo lunch, ami he left his audience to judgo whether it was not a good one. (Applnuso.) IIo also wished to thnnk nil tho ladlcunnd gentlemen for their presence thcro that day. But having said so much ho wished to say finally that tbeir chief debt of gratltudo was to tho Archbishop himself, who hnd como a long dislanco to perform tho ceremony. The most welcome guest on all the Downa was always his Graco— (applause)— and tho Arch bishop camo with a heart and a-hnU for tho welfare of tho Downs. (Loud cheers nnd a voice : " Wo reared blm here.") Father Fouhy, In concluding, proposed tho health of tho Archbishop, which wua honored in n bo- coming manner. . nis Oroco who was enthusiastically re ceived, thanked them very heartily for tho way tho toast was proposed nnd tho way it wns received. Thoy had thanked him for tho help ho had extended towards tho day's suc cess. hut ho considered that the best help ho bad given towards that day'a success was when ho labored, with other good men, for 30 years or so to settle the pcoplo on the Downs. (Applftuso.) That he believed was his best work, and there was no mnn who felt prouder than bo when ho looked round him that day nnd found many fiynllies grown up, which were a credit to thtfp parents, to the Church, to Australia, and which promised exceedingly well for tho future. Ho really did not know any better thing than tho populating of tho Darling Downs with such mnnly people, nnd ho thanked thom for tho opportunity of seeing such a number of faces there that day. His heart rejoiced at the progress of tho settlement, and no considered tho wholo of tho thanks wcro duo to tbem for giving him tho sight. (Applause.) Mr. D. Mackintosh, M.L.A., In response to calls, alao spoke a fow words, nnd testified to the value of the services rendered by Aroh- bUbop Dunne in encouraging persons to go on the land. Ho concluded by proposing the health of tho Chairman (Father Fouhy), which wxs duly honored. ' This concluded the proceedings. Laxative Syrup cares indigestion, con- I stipatiou, biliousness, sick headache, etc. | Price 2s. fid., from W. R, Hodgson .only (late Mackay), chemist. ' 60 