CHAPTER VI. 1 "We shall have nasty weather to night sir.' Harold Temple looked tip in sur prise at the weather beaten face of the sailor. To an inr.xperirnred eye the weather was all tbat could tm desired. Before him and all around him stretched the dazzling, glassy -waters, not a breath of air disturbing their eerenenesB, "Yon see that sir?' the man went on, pointing to a small cloud which was rapidly rising in the west. 1 You see that eir,' be explained, ' 'tis but a forewarning, so to speak, of what iB to be. The sea, it looks to you now like a bit of glass, don't it 1 Well, wait a couple of Lours, and the weather 'nil just thiukon until the bud goes the color of a ghost and then goes oat altogether.' Harold walked towards an old man who beckoned to him as the sailor left him to ponder over hiB prophecy. * I have just been told that we are in for a squall, major,' he said, seating ■himself beside the major, who lay back in a deck chair propped np by cushions. ' 1 was just thinking the same thing,' was the reply, "Major Trent was paralysed on one side, and bad to be carried to and from deck. He had taken a groat liking to Harold Temple, and also to jSlaine. Tbe three formed a little clique to gether, and tbe old man's eyes wan dered from the lovely girl to the handsome, manly young fellow with ; quite a tender look in their keen depths. ' You see,' he went on.' I am a bit of a sailor myself, and know what \ * these sudden oalms portend. For some time the two men chitted together, the old soldier entertaining \- Harold with many an incident of \- .campaign life. v."v. Presently, however, the narrator became'ajf&T6-that; 'lhV~young man ^sras-TiSt listening with that absorbed interest -which might have been ex ;i ' pected : in fact, that _ Harold was fc."' /fidgeting in a most barefaoed manner. Looking in the direction the young fellow's eyes were fixed, the major soon discovered the reason of this." g|7:/ Elaine hud just made her appearance : K> on-deck, and was seated at a little pCr: distance, looking mast bewitching is a pf,^.white serge yatching coBtume. ■ _ ' p§v;Ah,* exclained Major Trent, ' now III' I understand why a certain young gentleman looked bored at an old fogie^ yarns. It is the old story of >the magnet and the needle. X won't detain yo'n, my boy, eo go to your •eetOyBLgnet.' Harold Sashed a dusky red. .'I-^ssure yon,* he mumbled in an. embarrassed way, 'I was highly env ^ tertained—er—most delighted—e^— • Quite so, my boy,' interrupted the major. ' I understand and appreciate your kindness (o an old man like my self. Now I must ask you to leave me, as I will take my afternoon nap.' Feigning not to see through this' very transparent excuse, Harold rose not unwillingly, as may be imagined. ' Bless my aoril I' exclaimed tbe old man, watching Harold appropriate the chair next to Elaine's. 'What a handsome couple they make—they seem made for each other. Both young, both delightful, and both, I hear, penniless. The lattor can bo remedied, however, and, by Jove, ibj shall bo l' 1 Midnight. ] The dense club which had piled itself up in the west now rolled a long arm across the sea. From under its curled edges a sickly light fell, causing the caps of the rising waves to show lurid against the horizon. On Loard the Whita Wings all was commotion. The captain paced agitatedly backwards and forwards, shouting orders to one, lending a helping band to another, whilst on every face anxiety and even fear was plainly visible. At length a few of the passengers, disturbed by the unusual commotion, had tumbled up on deck, attired in most cases in the moat fantastic and wonderful of raiment. Harold was one of the first to make his appearance, looking somewhat cross at being disturbed. However, his expression soon underwent a change at sight of the furious boiling sea, the waves of which rose mountain high sweeping the deck. All worked valiantly, with the energy of despair, but it was useless battling against fate. The great steamer shook and shivered with every fierce blast of wind that tore and Bwrpb round her, leaving behihd ruin and destruction. By this time all the passengers were on deok, gesticulating, screaming, and offering advice which no one heedfd. I Among the terrified women Harold descried Elaine standing straight and , tall in a long-trimmed cloak, her unbound golden hair flying wildly in the wind. Never had he admired her so much as in this moment of Bupreme1 peril. Her face was deathly white, and the large violet eyes were fixed resolutely. At length the ship's doom was1 established by tbe captain's order to lower the boats. Intent on helping the shivering1 women and children into the" boats, Harold suddenly became aware that Elaine had disappeared. She was nowhere on deck, and be was positive she was not with the other women. He had last seen her standing at, his side, holding a child in her arms. An awful fear seized him. I Oh, Heaven 1 if she hod been swept j overboard. I There was one hope left, she might have gone back to the cabin with the iateution of helping someone. Dashing below deck, he foand that his surmise had been correct. In one of the larger berths stood Elaine sup porting the rigid figure of the Major, who, rendered utterly helplesB by bis paralysed limbs, was indeed in a piti ful plight. 'Thank God,' you are safe,' be exclaimed,1 but there is not a minute to lose. Follow me.' Lifting the old man in his strong arms, he gained the deck again. There was one small boat remain ing. With marvellous dexterity, he lowered Elaine and the Major into it, and descending himself cat the rope. They were adrift. The boat was a mere cockle-Bhell, and Harold, though he assumed a cheerful manner, felt that even if they could manage to ding to' it until the storm abated, they must; inevitably, unless picked tip by Bftme passing, vessel, die thst moBt linger;jig and horrible of_,deaths, starvation and thirst. Elaine sat shivering bat otherwise calm. Her golden hair propped like a flower under the beating rain, for her liood had fallen back. Harold drew it over her wet hair, as her hands were numb with cold. She thanked him by a wan smile, and. then, stared straight before her again with the same awful, fixed look in ber eyes. Presently the Major, who was half insensible, moaned a little, she turned and tenderly tucked the rag round hiB limbs. How unselfish she was, Harold reflected. Suddenly in that one momeut he realised how he had been decaying himself, :he knew that he loved this girl not for her likeness (o another, but for her own sweet sake. The rained'had now ceased and the wind with it, but all was dark and indescribably disconsolate, and they could not even see each other's faces. It was that Very darknea& tbat' gave him courage, for he leaut towards her presently, ' E'aine,' he said, trying to control his emotion. ' Listen, I love you, iny darling. We ore both of us thrown on the mercies of the deep. Who knows how tender it will be to ns, or how cruel. Dear, won't yon sppak 1' His voice eouuded eerie in the drear [ immensities of space. I ' Elaine,' he went on, ' we are drifting—drifting ; who knows whi ther i Will you not say some sweet word to me ?' There was Bgain no reply, but a little icy hand was thrust into his. ' My own dear love,' he murmured, drawing ber unresisting into his arms, nntil her head lay on bis shoulder, and her face, like a drenched blossom, touched his. Ho kissed her cold, pale lips, her tangled coils of damp hair, pas sionately, almost fiercely, for it seemed to him that it was perhaps for the last time. " ' After this the delugf,' " he said, a little recklessly. «You love me, my darling ?' * I love you, Harold,' she replied, simply, but the words seem doubly solemn in that most solemn of places. They had almost' forgotten the old man lying at the bottom of the boat, however he could not see or hear them in the inky darkness. The awe of death was gone, for love's strength swept all before it, and the two only thought of the all glorious present. And so the hours passed and the boat drifted. By-and-by the night grew lighter, and the sullen clouds parted, and through narrow rifts a few stars threw long broken reflections upon the heav ing waves. Elaine lay unconscious in her lover's arms, and she never knew how many hours passed thus. She dimly realised after some spacfc of time that voices were breaking the awful stillness, then thore whs a dazzling flash of light, a confused murmur of more voices, above which Harold's voice rang clearly: ' Thank God, we are saved !' 