COMPLETE STORY. rCBLISIIED BT STECIAL AEEAXtlOtEXT. THE CORNER HOUSE, W3LLIAM E-E QUEUX, Author of " Whoso Pindeth a Wife,'1 11 Scribes and Pharisees.'* "The Bond of . Black," 44 The Day of Temptation," 41 If Sinners Entice Thee," &e.; OOR bache lors in Lou don natur ally drift from one set of "d gings" to other by the law* of gravi t a ti o 11 When a man Is single he finds it ad v a ii Ingcnus to move from one lodging to another, for bv £0 tioiug he escapes thai rapaciousness bred of famili arity which is one of the inost striking char acteristics of the Cockney landlady. I speak from experience, for I myself had given up possession of countless latch-key*, and had run the whole gamut of lodging house delights, when I at last found myself the occupant of a very comfortable drawing room floor at the lower end of Gower Street. Contented I certainly was. In iho tea , years during which I had digged it in Lon don lodgings I had never been so satisfied, nor had any of my previous landladies shown ;uc such marked attention. I had two fel low-lodgers, whom I seldom saw during the first few weeks, for they were journalists engaged upon one of the daily newspapers down in Fleet Street, and therefore absent all night, while my own duties as clerk at iho Bolborn branch of the London and North-Western llank—close to Gower Street —compelled me to leave the house at nine a.tuM and not return until six. It was a I kind of Box and Cox arrangement, for while I they occupied the sitting room during the ! day, I had it all to myself in the evening, i I Their names were Dranc and Caylcy, the former about thirty or so, u smart, rather j ; dandified young man, while the latter was i | nearly fifty, with a blotchy, unliealthy-Ionk j ing face, a pair of cold, steely eyes, his ragged moustache and closely-cropped hair; | prematurely gray. He had the air of a hard | liver, his breath generally bore trace of overnight indiscretions, and his general ap j pearance had but little to recommend him. | Yet they were merry fellows, both of them, aud i often regretted that I saw so little of them. Foil of high spirits and droll stories, they seemed to lead a merry, careless life among their brethren of the Press Club, and often talked much journalis tic argot about "flimsies" and "scoops/* terms utterly unintelligible to me. Drauc*s peciality was the working up of mysterious crimes, and hence he was 011 friendly terms with quite a host of detectives and police officials of various grades, while Cavlev was engaged iu reporting the speeches iu the Gallery of the House of Commons. Sometimes on Sundays one or other of their friends would look in, when much whisky would be consumed and the air okour sitting room became so thick that one could see across it only with difficulty. Two of these friends, men named Lawrence and Tic kers, lived a short distance away at the large comer house, one side of which faced into Holborn and was painted palc-grcen— a house easily recognisable by any curious reader. They were particularly good com pany, and wc spent some exceedingly plea sant evenings together. I had lived at Mrs. Mackenzie's for about six months, and had become extremely inti mate with my two fellow-lodgers, when one day a very curious fact presented itself. I rose at half-past four one morning in older to go to King's Cross and meet a friend who was arriving from Scotland, but as I ap proached the front door to let myself out the door was opened with a latch- key. My fellow-lodgers generally relumed from Fleet Street about four, I knew, but as I stood back in the deep shadow the appearance of the pair struck roe speechless in amazement. They were Dram.- and Caylcy, but both woro the uniform of policemen. Was it possible thai these two men were not jour nalists at all, but only policemen! I laughed, congratulating myself that I had discovered their true position, for little did they suspect that I stood back in the wide old-fashioned hall, watching thein ascending the stairs in the gray half-light. " Excellent!". I heard Caylcy say in a low whisper. " We must see old Isaacs in the rooming." " Better not," responded the other. " The tip is to lie very low for a week, or even a month, if necessary." "Bah! you're funky," Cayley Ianglied. "Why, my dear fellow, what is there to fear?" '* It would be 0 bit ugly if the truth came /ml," Dranc said apprelu'itrivcly. "Dut it never will, depend upon it—that is, if yoa keen your mouth shut tight." Tii-.-ii they useended the second fiignt of stairs leading to their rooms, and I could dis tinguish nothing more. I met them both several times during the days which followed, but always hesitated to "drop any hint that I had discovered the secret "that they were actually police con stables. It pleased inc to think how clever ly the pair had disguised their real profes sion, and I wondered whether Mrs. Mac kenzie really knew the calling of her merry lodgers. The words I had overheard, however, puzzled me considerably. The apprehensive altitude of Drone was mysterious, to eav the least, and it certainly seemed as though he feared some fact becoming Imown. _ I entered the bedrooms of both men during their absence, but saw nothing of any por tion of their uniforms save a pair of white cotton gloves which were lying upon Cay ley's dressing tabic. That there was some curious mystery underlying all this I felt absolutely", certain, and my belief was strengthened by the fact, that their nocturnal visits to their offices in Fleet Street suddenly ceased, and theV remained at home always. One night when they had both gone to bed, leaving me writing some letters, 1 chanced to glance down at the blotting-pad, and saw scribbled upou it two lines of numerals. By j the arrangement of ihe figures and letters no i second glance was required to reveal to my accustomed eyes that they were the numbers i of two bank notes. There was nothing ex-' Inordinary in the fact that anyone should make a note of the numbers, nevertheless curiosity prompted me to copy them upon my shirt-cuff. To men of my calling the taking of numbers is almost an involuntary action. Caylev had been writing upon the pad earlier in "the evening, and as the ink was scarcely dry, this marginal note had evidently been made by him. The discovery that these men were not what they represented themselves to be "was disquieting, and perhaps on that account I cutcrtained :t vague suspicion. Next day I went round to the bank, as usual—a short walk of about a couple of liinutes—and during the morning had oc arion to refer to the book wherein were registered the numbers of notes stolen and nob negotiable. The numbers were clear upon ray shirt-cuff as I wrote, and some thing prompted me to search for that ar rangement of numerals in the book. Judge my abject surprise when I found an entry giving one of the numbers among cithers as that of*a £10 note that had been stolen. The robbery was a most daring and formidable one, for, according to the brief details furnished by the police and recorded there, it appeared that about a couple of months before a wealthy Australian ar rived in London from Melbourne, and, on the afternoon of landing, took a cab to Coutt's, in the fctrand, and just before the closing of the bank drew £0000 in notes and gold in order to make a payment in the City. He arrived at an office in Walbrook, only to find the principal absent. He, how ever, made an appointment for the following morning, and then drove away, but had never been seen nor heard of siucc. One uoto of £100 had been presented and cashed by a bank in Whitby, while a second had been presented in Salisbury, but, the num ber being uotcd, payment was refused. The man who presented it managed to get clear • off, thus plainly showing that he was one of the accomplices. The police theory was that the unfortu nate Australian, a man named Massev, had been robbed, murdered, and his body secret ly disposed of, as the remains of so many arc done away with in the great metropolis. There Is an old saying at Scotland Yard that any man's life can be taken for a sove reign in Loudon. I read (be facts eagerly, then, noting the dale, turned up a file of the " Times," which jravo some few additional details. A de scription was given of the missing gentle man, who appeared to be a man of consider able infiueucc and position in Melbourne, aud a reward of a thousand pounds was offered by a firm of solicitors for any in formation which might lead to his dis covery. I went carefully over the facts of the mysterious disapperance several times, and ilien copied for ray own information the numbers of all the missing notes. They were all small ones, tens, twenties, fifties, and hundreds, and therefore the more cas;f to negotiate. Stolen notes arc usually put into circulation on the Continent, for in Amster dam and Paris there are receivers who will buy all sorts of notes knowing them to be the proceeds of robberies. In my own mind I had no doubt that the bulk of Mr: Mas sey's money had already been negotiated across the Channel. ChvIcv's possession of that note was an enigma. I remembered that mystcrions conversa tion 1 had overheard when they had returned to the house in their police uniforms, and on careful calculation added another suspicion to the already formidable array, for I found that the morning when I had gone forth early to King's Cress was just at the period when Mr. Mosscy so unaccountably disap peared. One Saturday evening, about a fortnight afterwards, Lawrence, foppishly dressed, came in and invited all three of us along to the corner house for a smoke. Pickers, he explained, had caught a bad cold and feared to come out, therefore he asked us all to go over and keep him company. My two. com panions were uothing loth,"and I confess to being easily persuaded to join the party, for f had long wished to see in what kind of "diggings" these two men lived* A girl of llic iisti.il lodging-house type, opened the door, and having passed into the hall, guided by Laurence we ascended the stairs to a rrora on the third floor. I am slightly short-sighted, but as common with people who have defective vision I am pos sessed of a remarkably quick car. Therefore, as we passed into the ill-lit hall, 1 detected by the sound that the ho'osc was scantily, furnished This surprised mc, for Us ex terior denoted neatness and considerable prosperity. Before the clean, well-curtained windows of the ground-floor were boxes of scarlet gerauiums, the steps were always scrupulously white with fresh hearthstone, and the brass handle and knocker well polished. Once inside, however, I noticed; even in that bad light, that the place was dirty and neglected, the stair-carpet was in holes, and the small upstairs sitting-room was barely furnished. Vickers, who was sitting there with a dirty white luulHer wrapped around his throat, rose and greeted us heartily, whisky and sodas were at once produced, cigars Jit, and very soon we became quite merry. After about an hour someone proposed a game at- * nap at a halfpenny a point. Ijoineo, and with [ the whole five of as playing the fun soou grew fast and furious. ;*-sj Why had my two companior: so suddenly left the police—if they were really police-1"' men? That puzzled mc always. They might however, be detectives, and the number of that ilotc had perhaps been made by Cayley ! in the ordinary course. Yet they possessed nothing in common with police officers. Their air was far too irresponsible, too devil may-care. While we were playing I saw Yiekers ex change a strange significant look with Cay ■ lev, who in order to hide a smile that played about his lips twisted his gray moustache and thoughtfully regarded his cards. I had ! announced my intention of making three— ' a, difficult feat when live are playing—and consequently my attention was centred upon j the game. Just as it became my turn to commence the second round I heard a strange noise in the adjoining room as of a man j groaning. * I "What's that?" I asked, starling and glancing from one to the other. " Nothing, old fellow," Lawrence an swered. "They say tins place is haunted, but it's only the wind io the chimney." "Daunted?" I echoed, at once interested. " Has it that reputation ?" " Certainly. The place was to let for near ly ten years, because the various occupants heard all kinds of weird noises, just as you've heard a moment ago. We, however, took it, and after a lot of investigation . discovered the real cause. It's quite sim ple." " What is it?" "Why, after bring puzzled for months, we one day discovered that over the chimney in the next-room is an old-fashioned ven tilator, which, when set revolving by the wind creates an awful creaking that sounds exactly like a man groaning." "There it is again! Surely that's not a ventilator?" I cried. "It's nothing rise," he answered. "But it's frightened a good many tenants during tho past fifty years. The owners arc glad enough to let us the house cheaply because nobody else will take it. We haven't, oE course, revealed to them tho simple explana tion of the Gower Street Ghost." " But if it is really a creaking ventilator* why don't you oil it*?" ire glanced across at Lawrence, and I saw Lis brows contracted slightly. v "Because •' and he hesitated. "Be cause it isnrl the ventiiatCr itself that creaks. The fixings in the brickwork of the chimney uro loose, and they, of course, can't be oifed." The uo&e; was certainly a very human one. It was not at all surprising that it should have caused previous occupants of the house to forsake it, and declare it haunted by the supernatural. Still, it surprised me to know that these two easy-goiug bachelors were the only occupants of that large house with its prosperous-looking extcrioi. 1 finished the hand and won. Again the cards were dealt, and again I sorted mv hand with an inward feeling of satisfaction, for it was au uncommonly good oac. At that moment, however, a sudden and excruciating pain shot up my right arm, causing me to drop the cards upon the tabic. "Hulloa, Freeman!" cried Tickers. "Why, what's the mattei, old chap?" *' " Matter 1" I echoed in agonv. "Wliv, there's something wrong with my hand and ami. The pain is frightful." Ail four looked at me in surprise, while Z.:nrrcnce exchanged a quick significant glance with Cay Icy. "WhaCs wrong with your arm—rheu matism ?" the latter inquired. "I don't know," 1 answered in alarm. "I've nercr before experienced sueb a strange sensation. The pain is so acute that "it seems to affect my head." "Kubbisb, old chap! Have a drink)" urged Tickers, passing the whisky bottle. But in those few minutes of my seizure which, to me, seemed a kind of paralysis— I my whole body had become affected* Mv brain seemed in a 'whir*, my limbs seemcil1 stiffening—I had a strange sinking feeling as I though I were dying. That thought flashed through my mind. . *md I tried to bestir myself. Witii a des perate struggle I rose while my companions ! remained seated at the table, bat staggering, ' I lost my balance' and fell heavily to the iloor. Curiously enough I did not entirely lose consciousness. I know that my limbs were rigid, that my body was chilly, that niv heart becoming paralysed had ceased its beating, aud that my eyes were closed. But even in the blackness of death that had so suddenly fallen upon rac sounds reached ine dulled and uncertain, as though my cars were filled with cotton wool. " Good!" I heard a man's voice exclaim in satisfaction. It sounded like Cuvicy's, but of that I could not be certain. * "He knew too much, but he won't trouble us any more, that's certain," continued the voice. Those words froze my heart. I had, in my eager amateur attempt to probe the mystery surrounding these queer friends of mme, showed my hand, and allowed myself to "become their victim. They had murdered me. • But how had that effect been produced? I had neither smoked nor drunk a»3*thi»g there. ' It was impossible that they could have drugged me. 1 lclt eager fingers searching my pockets, and suddenly heard a voice exclaim: " Ah, we were not mistaken! Here it is !*' What was it they had found, I wondered. I tried to reflect, but could think of nothing likely to be of value to them. Mine was a perilous position, rigid, speechless and help less in the hands of these four men, who were evidently a most desperate gang. " Have you examined him well?" inquired another voice, which this time I recognised as Cayley's. " Yes. All that his pockets contained is on the tabic," was the response. "Better destroy the lot*," suggested Tic kers. " They might remain .as awkward evidence. Put the whole lot into the fire." " And his clothes?" asked another voice. " Wc can burn them later," answered Cay Icy. 44 Let's do the packing first." It was evident that these men believed me to be dead. My only chance, therefore, lay in remaining quite inanimate. About me I heard strange whisperings and those cries of human agony which had sound ed now recurred to me. Suddenly I felt hands about me, and I think I must- have been lifted up aud carried some little dis tance. Unfortunately, however, my con sciousness seemed to be gradually leaving mc. The Toices that I had heard so dis tinctly became curiously distorted, and my ; brain, for the first few moments quite clear, j now grew clouded and incapable of any dis tinct thought. The Agony I was suffering was excruciat ing. My limbs were cramped and twisted, the muscles were apparently over-strained until they supported a tension terrible, and my heart having ceased its pulsations -was silent. I remember distinctly that a sense of my true position became impressed upon me. I could not move a single muscle in my whole body. The awful truth was apparent Although I still retained some faint con sciousness just in the manner that an eel moves after death, I was nevertheless actual ly dead. I had been murdered by these un scrupulous malcfactors'without a 113* appar ent motive, save that I had, quite by ac cident, discovered those mj-stical numerals upon their blotting-paper. I was trying to reflect, striving to retain my coolness, when of a sudden I felt the mental strain too great. My brain gave way, and its power slowly died out. The last lingering spark of life became extin guished ; the void of death fell upon me. What time elapsed I had no idea. AU I know is that duriug the period which fol lowed, soma curious events must have oc-1 eurred. i As t slowly struggled back to a knowledge j of tilings about me, I became conscious of: being cold, cramped and confined. * My ! arms were pinioned at my side, my head uncomfortable, my legs bent, and my whole body chilly by re&sou; o: insufficient cloth- ! ing. My eyes, as I opened them, fell upon the low sloping ceiling ol a:r attic, and I saw by the gray light that dawn was spread ing. 1 listened attentively, but no sound broke the quiet, save the faint jingle of a cab-bell in the street far below. • ,Suddenly I managed to turn my head aside, and then a fact became plain, u fact so hideous that I started up with a shriek of horror. My outer garments had been removed, an :l my body was packed tightly in a circular tin which I at onee recognised as one of those big round caus used for tho convey ance of milk by rail. With great difficulty 1 mauaged to struggle out of my cramped position, to free my anus and extricate myself from that narrow prison, upsetting it upon the lloor, and as 1 did so I saw a second can close by. The Hd was closed. With trembling hauls I forced it open, and what 1 saw caused me to draw kick aghast in horror. Within, was the lady of a red haired man of middle age and slightly bald. Tho head hud been forced down, so that I could not see the features. I staggered back petrified by fear, and lushing to the door, fled in speechless terror front that death-chamber. Downstairs I dashed headlong, but at the foot of the first flight was u door securely locked. My egress from the place was thus cat off, therefore, after vainly trying lo force the door I searched eagerly for other ; means of escape. My costume was an airy one, for the murderers hid divested me of greater part I of my dothing preparatory te placing me in the milk-tin, hut Imving roast-ended the statu I entered an attic aiiomlng that in which the corpse reposed, an.1 there found a pair of old flannel trcusei's and a frny.\l jacket, which I at once assumed. Not with out considerable trepidation I re-entered the chamber of death, and .stepping over the overturned tin which was to have been my coffin, 1 gazed out of the window into tlie deserted street below. Escape was, I saw, impossible by the. window. Therefore f went out upon the landing, and soon j fouud the tatjxloor which led to the roof, j Curiously enough, it was open, and with-; out much difficulty I crept through it andI out upon the smokc-blackened leads. Glanc- j ing around, I saw that the roofs of the 'neighbouring houses were flat, and there fore I started to walk along the tops of the ! shops in Bolbom. making my way in nud out among the myriad chimneys which rose j thick as forest trees. I There-was a long, low parapet running | the whole length of the block of buildings, aud 1 was walking in the gutter behind it | when suddenly my attention was attracted by sight of a horse and cart drawn up at the kerb below. It was a milk-cart of the ordinary kind, and close by it, standing in conversation with the driver, was a police man in his shiny cape. I My first impulse was to shout down to the officer and tell him of the dastardly attempt made upon my life, but as I stood peering over the parapet I suddenly dis cerned that both the cart and the officer ; were standing a couple of doors off the bank where I was employed. I looked rouud, and lo my surprise saw that within twenty i yards of where 1 stood a small wooden trap door was open. That door was in the roof of the bank. | Instantly my suspicions were aroused. [Moving carefully I glanced down again, and [then knew by the curious-hitching movc jmeut of the shoulders that the policeman was none other than Drane. The gang were perhaps at that moment engaged in robbing the bonk, and the cart 'was, in all probability, waitiug to carry off i the specie. This alarming xmth flashed [ upon me, and I stood in breathless hesita tion, wondering what I should do. If I alarmed, they would undoubtedly shoot me i or fling me over into the roadway, and after wards escape. Yet I did not intend that those four murderers should get awav scot free. Their plans, whatever they had been, had been earned out with marvellous fore thought, for it was now quite evident that they had taken the corner house with the deliberate intention of making an attack upon the safes containing our coin. Drane, little suspecting that I stood there watching, was chatting calmly to the milk man,.whom, in that half-light, I recognised as Lawrence, while Yickers and Cayley were undoubtedly busy in the vault below the street wherein I knew was stored, in addi tion lo the previous day's deposits, nearly £30,000 in sovereigns, for I had assisted to place some of the coin there when, on^the previous afternoon, it had becu received from the Bank of England. Excited at this discovery, and puzzled how to capture the four red-handed, I sud deuly noticed that on the roof of- the ad joining house seme painters had been at work, and had left their tools there, among j them being a stout iron bar used in the sus pending of the " cradle" in which they worked. This I seized, and closing down | the trapdoor noiselessly, managed to place each end of the bar behind some brickwork, and thus securely fasten it down. I tried lo pull it open, but it resisted every effort. Then I chuckled to myself, knowing that at least I had prevented their escape by the way in which they had obtained entrance. Sly next move was to descend into the street and invoke the aid of the police. But how? After some reflection the course I was compelled to adopt was to go from trap door to trapdoor of the houses in Cower Street until at last I found a loose one, and then, like a burglar, 1 lowered myself and crept noiselessly down the stairs, letting myself out by the front door. Those were, indeed, exciting moments, for 1 had never played the amateur burglar beiorc, and knew not that at any moment some one might face me with a revolver. Again, it seemed quite possible that the thieves might make oil with their booty before I could reach them, for fully a quarter of an hour had elapsed since I had first made the discovery. Therefore, breathless in anxiety, I dashed along the street making uo noise—for 1 had made my exit from the milk-tin with bare feet—turned in front of the mysterious corner Iion-:e, and looked along Holbein. Xexl second my heart sank within me. Both policeman and cart had disappeared. I ran along to the door of the bank, but found it dosed and firmly secured. The thieves had evidently made their coup successfully, and had got clear away. I stood there rooted to the spot. If they had endeavoured to return to the comer house by the roof they no doubt had discovered the trapdoor barred, and this would result in their flight by the front door into Holbom. Again, if they returned to their own abode, they would discover that I, their victim, had disappeared. The position was far more difficult and exciting than before. They were evidently a gang who would hesitate at nothing in-order to make good their escape. I drew back in hesitation into the shadow of a shop doorway, and as I stood there the welcome sound of a heavy measured treai^ fell upon my ear. Then, as I peered forth, 11 saw a genuine constable approaching, try j ing the doors of each shop. In order to avoid attracting attention if cither of the men were at the windows of j the bank or upon the roof, I waited until he came to examine the door whereat I j stood. i He started at finding me secreted there, but in a few quick words I explained that I there were thieves in the hank opposite and ! urged him to go and obtain assistance. | What I told him placed him on his mettle i in an instant, and bidding me remain there | he strolled off slowly in order to arouse no j suspicion of those who might be watching. I The minutes seemed hours. Of a sudden, | however, I heard the rattle of wheels, and to my surprise saw the milk-cart draw up again, this time before the door of the corner house. Lawrence, after looking round to sec that he was unobserved, ascend ed the steps and slipped in by aid of his latch-key. Why had he entered, I wou dered? So cleverly had the robbery been j planned tint he had driven his cart away j in order to allow the genuine policeman on the bs^t to pass before again approaching. From where I stood I could see both the j comer house and the door of the bank, but,! although I watched intently, not a soul stirred. At length, however, iuy friend the constable and three of his companions turned a comer suddenly and almost before I was aware of it halted before the big door of the bank. I dashed across and led the officer I had first spoken with and one of his companions to the corner house where the milk-cart was still standing. The man Lawrence had left the door ajar, and wc all three crept into the hall, while at the same moment the other two policemen rang violently at the door bell of tbc bank in an endeavour to arouse Wilson, the porter. . Leaving one constable to guard the door, we rushed upstairs, searching all the rooms until wo gained the attic wherein I had found myself. The corpse of the red-headed man. was still there, packed in the milk can, addressed to a farm in Gloucestershire, and ready to be taken downstairs and loaded on to the cart. Beside it lay the big empty can from which I had extricated myself. The constables were aghast when they made the gruesome discovery, but I led them to the open trapdoor, and it then became Elain that Lawrence, finding I had escaped, ad also decamped and got away over the roofs. Ho had, in all probability,. alarmed the others, and while I had been below await ing the arrival of the police, the whole four had slipped away over the roofs. We both ran along the leads until we reached the roof of the bank, when I saw to my satisfaction that the iron bar still remained in the posi tion I bad placed it. Below, the two offi cers were thundering at' the heavy door with its shining brass plates, but could obtain no response. . "If they're inside they'll certainly try and get away through here," I said. With, this the constable agreed, and, drawing away the bar, opened the door; he was about to lower himself through it when suddenly Cayley's gray head appeared through the opening. There was a wild oath, and tlie sudden flash of a revolver fired right into the con stable's face, but the officer quick as thought drew his own weapon and sent a bullet through the thiefs shoulder. At the same instant I sprang upon ray fellow-lodger and succeeded after a desperate strugge in wrest ing the revolver from him, wliile the police man whipped out a pair of handcuffs, and together we made him prisoner. These mo ments were full of excitement, for down in Holborn police whistles were sounding, and almost before we had succeeded in handcuff ing the scoundrel three other constables and a sergeant had come up to our assistance. Vickers was eventually caught in the bank, hiding in a cupboard beneath the stairs, and captured after a desperate struggle, while on going bejow to the vaults ire found tiwt the safe had been opened with the manners hers, and great quantities of gold had been packed ready for removal. Three large bagsful of coin were, indeed, found on the top floor close to the trapdoor, and one was discovered in the attic of the corner house, showing that; the transfer of the proceeds of the robbery was actually »n progress when I had so providentially re gained consciousness. C'ayley, who seemed possessed of demon strength, made a desperate cfiorfc to com mit suicide by throwing himself down io the pavement below, but we managed to pre vent him. At the Old Bailey, when the pair were iried for murder and robbery, many were the extraordinary facts revealed. The bod}' found in the milk-can was iden tified as that of the missing Mi*. Masser, who, it appeared, had been imprisoned in the house with a view to obtaining a further sum of money in exchange for his liberty, but who, according to Cayley, had died a natural death on the night when the das taidly attempt had been made upon me. The two men, who were recognised as mem bers of a most daring and desperate gang, had known inc intimately, of. course, and were well aware that, having frequent oc casions to go to the bank managers resi dence round in Russell Square, I had been given a latch-key so that I could enter with out disturbing the servants. They had therefore conceived the idea of making away with me because I had discovered the secret of the stolen notes, obtaining possession of this key, entering the manager's house, and stealing the keys of the strong-room and safes. All this they accomplished without a hitch. Analysis of the cards with which we had played* in that barely-furnished sit ting room established the fact thut the hand finally dealt to me were cards prepared with a very strong and subtle poison, which, en tering the tfesh by a pin- scratch which chanced to be upon the judex finger of my right hand, had produced paralysis, sud den collapse, and a state so closely re sembling death that they themselves "had been deceived. Two of the greatest lexicologists declared, in their evidence, that the manner in which those cards had been prepared showed the gang to be past masters in the art of secret assassination, and without doubt many un fortunate persons had been entrapped and fallen victims in that corner house. Be lieving me to be dead, they had packed me in the milk-can, and 110 doubt it teas in tended to consign both my own body and that of the pool* Australian to the address of some accomplice in Gloucestershire by whom other bodies had undoubtedly been buried secretly at some remote spot. The elaborate forethought and ingenuity with which the whole thing had been planned was little short of marvellous, and it was only the unfortunate failure of the medical evidence to establish (he fact that Mr. Massey's death had been accomplished by foul means that prevented a vcidict of "wilful murder*' against them both. Diane, the bogus policeman, was arrested in police uniform a month later while watching out side a house at Barnes where Lawrence was in the act of committing a burglary, I and all four were sentenced at the same sessions of the Central Criminal Court to penal servitude for life. As for myself, a substantial reward .was voted to me by the bank directors, and I received rapid promotion, but now each day as I pass along Holbom on my way-to business, vivid memories always ccmc "back to me of my startling night's adventure and my narrow escape from a ^horrible death in that green- painted Corner House. 