TMSHYER BUSHMEN'S * " CORPSE. (TO..THE EDITOR.) Gorblime Mr Editor, therummest thing I've seen, Was nigh three 'undred blokies tryin' to sign on ter the Queen Ab waB up at the Town 'all this Week the mixedest bloomin' mob, All yowliu' an' a scruffin' ter take her bloomin' bob. They telled us if we took a bob from Alick or the rest, We'd be recruities for the corpBe, but somehow things got messed, Fer I never got no shillin', but I got a red - 'ot thirst, And the way as I was treated, well it makes me netirly burst. Well, I tell yer what I done. I shoved and wraBtled with that push They wuz like a mob of brumbies jus' yarded from the bush— Well 1 gets up to the rails at lust—I mean the bloomin' door When the copman there 'e takes the nark and lands me on the jor, But I only laffs a bit, becos my mug's as 'ard as nails; It oughter cos for fourteen year I bin carryin' the mails. Well I ehows the trap a letter from one of Darlot's pals, An' then he treats me 'andsome like one of them 'ere gals An' the next time that the rails wuz down 'e shoves me through 'em quick, 'E ain't no dingo ain't that cop VB a reg'lar 'urd-turnt brick. Well I ambles up them stairs there wot's as steep as Bellenden-ker And I strikes a bloomiu' wool-shed—well it struck me that way Sir, But ther' weren't no bloomin' tar-boys, and thei' weren't no overseer, But only some old geeser who says *• Jus' you step in 'ere." Well, I passes through some doorways till I sees three solium blokes A-settin' round a table like Dan Fitzgerald's mokes— You seen tliem neddies, aint yer, that Tom taught circus tricks, What rings a bell and calls for beer and gets it too for nix? Well, one o' these chaps sez ter me, " Do YOU know 'ow ter ride ?— Lor' luuimie, Mr Editor, I thought I should 'a' died. Ter ask a bloomin' scrub-dasher a question like o' that MLE that's galloped down the ridges from Crow's Nest to Farmer's Flat. Well, I ups an' tells 'em bloomin' quick the sort o' cuap I am. The chap wot rode Smith's outlaw up at Booroobalgin dam, The chap what's overlanded from the Gulf to 'Omebush Yards. "That'll do," sez Mr ForreBt; " we'll put YOU inter the Guards. Can yer stuff a bloomin' saddle—can yer shoe yer bloomin* moke ?" Then I feels round for my cutty—I needs a bloomin' smoke. "No, 1 can't," at » J " tell you what I'll 1 do: B0Z s i r b u t 1 1 1 I'll knock forty kinds o' stuffiin' out o' Mister Kruger's crew; I'll track a bloomin' grasshopper along a five-wire fence, I can do with one clean Bhirt a year and do without a rense, I can make my own Prince Alberts, I can 'ump a bloomin' drum, I oan shoot a bustard on the plains—Yes ! let yer next man come. I can live on trav'lers' rations—arf a pannikin o* duBt— I can do a perish with the beBt when my water-bag's got bust. If it's jackeroos yer wantin' I'm goipg to Bling my 'ook, But I thought yer wanted bushmen, and I'D be the first ye took." Then I bows to every one o* them there soIlum-8ided blokes And I gets down to the street again and I goes fend starts and soaks. Fer ther ain't no compensation like a sleever o' shypoo. When yer gets a jar like I did, you'll find I'm speaking true. But look 'ere, Mr Editor, it looks ter me like this : If Australia's reputation for 'ard riders and good shots Ie^goin' terbe entrusted to these yer toffiBh Wot'egdt janfeollnrs, eighteen shirts, and • S a, tie— • Wall^lthalis'btaoiiip' reputation is just ^ ,^,ji;jgoini Jerjdie. \ They MAY & ter sing a bit o^-'w •' ter start a tuofcj;; •'>i don't win - a i.ortpace.,,. ^ j^tp^cl&jr; .the owjae, and ther. ^ JtW^^tartiir galbe *To Bet the 'oofs a thunderin' when the ' ^ll^rMerVmate"' af • i -^yCR) and vardthe»n Boer chaps f Hat chaps tine getjr culled fust go,' al- , , megetjf . _ ,'tho*'we're staunch/and truie. Thfe iitflJrthlngPin narked about is ju?t oos To show^that bloomin' letter to Darlot and ., that lot, , ,• • r)Aft lLAtf taaftf . Klnnmin^ tlliik a m n n vUB V^IOj B(y w UlVVIUlll KJlQpUV WIDE)Qr IliUU nigram they know Is the only thing aB gives a chap a decent sort of show. I hope as you'll excuse my prat, and print it in your rag, Cos yer know about this bushmen's corpse there's bin a lot of mag. I'm sorry if I've written as I hadn't oughter —then Remember as I'm 'andier with a brandin' iron than pen. SAXTBUSH. Mr Charles Clarke, solicitor, of Kalgoorlie, and previously of Broken Hill, was a passenger by the German mail steamer which left Fremantle for the old country on Wednesday night. He is going home for a six months' holiday. "Charlie" Clarke is one of the most popular men in the colony. Some more " glorious war " from a letter of a N.S.W. private:—"The most awful of the Bights after the fight was Boer sitting down quite naturally, with a bayouet clean through him and about six inches of the muzzle of the rifle as well, while the Tommy who had given the mighty thrust was lying down as if asleep, with a small bullet- hole in his forehead. The Boer was grasping the barrel of the rifle with both bands, and his eyes were staring out straight in front, of him as if he had seeu a ghost." Three thousand Spanish volunteers offered their services to Britain in connection with the Boer-Bull scrap, and the London " Spectator " gr«vel> advises the acceptance of the offer. Shades of Empire! Getting foreigners to help the " mightiest Power in creation " wipe out a handful of "cowardly Boers, who won't even face a bayonet!" 