IN THE 8U86ERV. 8M?lJl08 ASJ) TH&jtH.; . .or;Af\v'i' >»r^Ti?irtts. IBv MJL>YAR1> KUMiINn.1 icoPYmomv] ' No. IV. CniCH'B PAT/KNT I CrJeii; the orderly, sal tui it cr.mp j stool edkeerlug Parker, wluilny sunpl j cioutdy ijMUl, Parker Und come front Qu6»Hi»0dii"d/-vl!)r Now Jei'»ey,. an&ong; othtn''cltii*#, and the registered voters ;qf (toli'tiberg. had shot him Vici'OHs the below the shoulders, "My. stouiuch'ti n trifle out of order," said Prirkety cheerily. "Tliey enn't get M"ho work. • Except for that, I don't feel fliere'e nnytliing wrong with tue," Crk'h. looked at me. to signify It would be bettor for Parker if lie had a little more feeling. "We're comln' On beautifully, alp't wc?" said Crick, and Parker notlded, "I'm tile Inst o' four—all spinal eases —alt in this tent,. too!" Bald Parker. "I've seen 'ein all go, and here am I huuglu' on by tny finger-nails, Tbey all went, didn't tliey?" "Yes," said Cricli, bis brnces round his hips; "tin' tbey all called for ine 'fore tbey went. 'Member Tommy?" Parker smiled. Sir Philip Sydney smiled very muck lp that fashion. ''Oh, ,tes. I was on special allowance of brandy, but Tommy, be always looked for a little of mine In bis lemonade. Couldn't speak much, but'.be used to roll bis eyes to my bed. Tommy liked bis tot o' brandy-and-lemonade. When did ho. go, Cr'lcli?" "Yes'day afternoon. You was asleep, Parker, lie said, 'Crick, old man, where lire yon?' be said. 'Jllght here, in flout o' you,' I says, and I went, up to 'im,''clause I knew what was coming. 'I can't sec you, Crick,' lie says, 7 lieu I laid 'old of bis arms in my two 'amis. 'That's better,' he nays. 'It I can't see. you, I can feel you,' be says. 'Don't let go, Crlcli.' be says, and in a minute or two lie was off, as quiet ns anything. You was asleep, Parker. Ob. yes, tbey all asked for old Crick to take 'old of when tbey went off. Parker's goin' 4p best the lot of 'em." This to me. "Last o' four spinal eases be is, and he's goiu' to Notley, an' he'll be all right in a few weeks, 'Ave some more tomatas, Pnf ker?" The giant turned his brad and raised an arm. He could not quite reach the tomatoes. Cr'ieh stepped across the tent, lavishly douched the cut fruit Willi oil and vinegar, and exhibited Parker in Ike net of eating." Tbeil Parker talked of real <state specula tions in Orange, New Jersey, and stock riding in Queensland; Crick supplying an ever-appreciative chorus. I watch ed the superbly built, body, so all alive to the chest line, so all dead belotv, and it seemed to me unfair that ner vous anxiety to make Cape Colony a "little haven of peace" had led a "neu tral Government" 1o postpone the or dinary preparations for wnr till - the Oolesherg rebels (all registered voters, remember) -could conveniently mangle Parker's spinal-chord. I laid it upon Crleh, the hairy-chested and adequate, that Parker must not die, and Orieh hopefully hopeless said, out of Parker's hearing, that he would do his damn dest. That was some weeks ago. I have seen Parker twice or thrice since, hut to-day his bed is empty, lie lias bested the registered voter of Coiesberg, all the young doctors who prophesied death, and Cricli, who couldn't see any other way otit of it. He lias gone home in a steamer to Net.ley with a chalice of living, half-dead, for a year or two, and Die ghost, of a chance that he may partially recover. This is a load off my piiiid. For some absurd reason Parker was my war-fetish. He held on through the black days ere Ladysmlth was re lieved; lie heard of Cronje's surrender; arid now, at Madeira, he will learn that Bloemfontein Is his and ours. THE I.IOin -HI'.AT1TEI). The war goes belter; with Parker and Bobbsfontein disposed of we. can attend to the hospitals. Dinniss, the llght-moiistached sergeant-major of a horse battery, has gone away; but not before he saved the lives of three or four depressed nnd morbid, by Ids cheerfulness and his yarns. Dinniss has slx-and- twenty years' Service. He refused his majority eleven years ago, because it. was not in his beloved bat tery, and he is an encyclopaedia of military knowledge— the nnollieiai brand. I heard him tell his tent confi dentially tDnt if'he had known what, sort, of a silly sort of war this war was going to turn out he would have re tired on his laurels early in October. He caught something at. Magersfon tein, which has kept him In bed for a few weeks, but now he is at the front again. He was more or less in charge Of the horse battery which, out of pure politeness, stood still to take the Boer tire when our navnl gun on the left of t.lie line did not see the flag of truce, went on firing, and brought down a fresh Boer fusilade. Said Dinniss—"Of course, we sat. tight, to show it was a mistake, but the shells were making otfr horses skit tish, so I said;- 'Send a driver to their heads. They're a little shy.' I looked round, an' there weren't any drivers: D'you know what tliey were (loin1? Cbasin' rats round a hush! Yiss! Itat buntin' under fire. On my wurrud, I don't believe drivers have sowls. No, not. one! "Were they cockneys, by any change, Dinniss?" I asked. "Ye may sa.v so. We come from St. John's Wood, London, N." The tent and the orderlies grieved when Dinniss left, for he had great Authority and most persuasive tact. •TESTING DERBY. Derby, of the Inniskillings, had no authority. He lived on his tongue nhd his skill in out-flanking orderlies. Derby got it bad in the leg, and hopped like a cockrobin in scarlet flannel be tween the tents. He was marked for England, and the (lay before lie sailed «!1 BdhdeboarJlwan. too small .for 1jh transports. ; A visitor fame -l»y wlH» pipes and tobacco for the ifioi), and licvhy gtedied blin towards a convales cent; . ' : "D'yoU. want to buy. a pipe'{" said Derby, with a serious face. "They're only threepence, and the bfteey's one an' tluet'pence a stick, It's dht cheap," The convalescent fingered flie stock, and demanded clgnrettes. "I'm sorry," said Derby, "but we're pofd out of cigarettes. If you'll give your order, maybe this man will—" , Then the convalescent tumbled to the jest, and Derby had to run for It all between the tent-pi* L There should bo lively times bu Derby's boat home, but be is the kindest of souls to an Invalid. 'The twins are not on their feet yet. They are both Australians, both hiive broken legs, they lie side by side, their legs lu slings, oiid one loyully caps the other's tallest yarn. A few days buck talk turned on what blackfellows could do with a boome rang. BOASTING BOOMEftANGB. A Fusilier cut to pieces with barbed wire, a 9tk Lancer,-and a West York shiremnn told the twins to dritw It mild. Sticks could not twist.and turn in that way. It was as absurd as the word Woolloomooloo. Entered then from another tent convalescent Ilae, of Manitoba, hit dowft at Sllnger's^or Arundel. Ilae said he did not under stand boomerangs, but things could be made to curve in; the air, for all the Oth Dancer said. For Instance, there was a game called basebdll. Ilae illus trated with his sound arm how a pitcher semis lu a curved hall, nud the twins, upplaudbig. welcomed him as nu ally. They had a tile of Australian papers with pictures of boomerangs; would the hth Dancer please get thein out from the shelf, nud they would ex plain? Ho, under the plue.s planted in j South Africa by men from the north, I Welshmen, tyke, Cockney, and Cnna- I dlnn bent, their heads over an Austra lian weekly, while a Quecnslniuler read the letterpress. 