SIR HENRY PARKES. HIS TOMB AT FAULCON BRIDGE. By 'Tackra.') Sir Henry has had a long rest from public no- tice, but lately attention has been drawn to the scene -of his last resting place. It has been as- serfed indignantly that the grave is in a state of disrepair that speaks badly for those of us who respect his memory. For the moment our hearts are tender with regret, and we are ready tp more than make amends. I went to Faulconbridge— about an hour and a half's railway journey up the western line — where the remains of Sir Henry Parkes were laid only three years ago; yet very few people seem to know where it is, although when mountain visitors go by in the train it is often pointed out — a clearing, a few firs, a glimpse of iron railings, and an obelisk, and it is gone. I got out at Faulconbridge, a small place, where a flag by day and a light by night do duty for a stationmaster, a pretty' gabled building looking right over the tiny cemetery. At the back of the station runs a red road' beyond low lying ranges one -beyond another— dull bronze green, fading to purple grey. Here and there a house is seen standing in its own -grounds; otherwise it is a lonely spot. Crossing, the line, I came to a pretty winding, bronzed road running aslant the brow of the hill, with trees bordering it picturesquely — bosky, luxuriant-leaved trees, whose. leaves grow shadily, and the tints from dark- green to pearl green and pink,with an occasional red arid yel low, 'autumn, lingerer. I went along for about ten minutes, when, lookng through the tasselled firs that grew in a etately row below line, I caught glimpfse of the tomb I had come to seel .Such a lonely yet charming place it seemed, with the big trees about it and ineffable peace. I thought, 'Can this be the place I have head about?. I must have come to the wrong place. I met a horny handed type of man, and asked him. He re- plied, Oh!yes; this is it. It's a beautif ful grave as ever you see; we're all proud of it. Go right on, and you'll see the fence down. Go in there."I soon saw where the fence wes down — about two long panels of neat, trim paling fence lay on the ground in a tumbled, confused fashion, making it unnecessary to go in by the gate, and giving cows, sheep, or goats free entry; but from all evidence the damage they cause is so slight as to be hardly noticeable. Right across the main path, a tiny rustic one, a big, double-trunked tree has fallen, with its roots in the air, the earth at the base roughly tumbled, and its branches rail- ing in every direction; while the crown of It rests on the fork of another tree, which looks as though it might lie down, too,by and bye. These were the only things that could convey any idea of wreck, and I looked round search of other dese- cration in vain. I stood by the side of the beau- tifully kept square where two tombstones rise amid plants and shrubs, which flourish well, and look as though the kindly care bestowed on them by Mr. Chapman's gardener was veil repaid. The paths are neatly gravelled, and there is not a break in the tile edge; while the soil looks like a spring garden. White roses grow in profusion; but are carefully restrained, and their sweet per- fume scents the air; while a magnolia tree in bud, and clipped hawthorn shrubs, ornament each corner in decorous style, and honeysuckle trails in wreaths over one end, clinging lovingly to tbe railing; while its fragrant trails dance in the breeze, and here and there a small plant pushes its way through the ground. The railings look fresh and strong, not a broken spike, and give an air of dignity to the enclosure. The memorial in the centre was erected by Sir Henry to his youngest son, and his father and mother in far-away England God's acre, as the inscription tells: In memory of Thomas Parkes. of Stoneleigh, War wickshire, who died December 20, 1854, aged 73 years: also of Martha Faulconbridge, his wife, who died May 22, 1S42, aged 64 years. Then at the side of the ground is a tablet mark ing the grave of the eldest son, Robert Sydney Parkes, who died in 1S80, and Mary Ann, his widow, died 1S84. But in the middle distance between these gran- ite monuments is another grave, now the resting place of two. Upon a headstone one reads the following :Clarinda Lady Parkes, only daughter of Robert Varney, born July 20, 1S13. Married to Henry Parkes, July 11, 1S36 ; died February 2, 1888. The plain tombstone over where the old states man rests has no beauty but that of grey, glis. tening granite, in dignified simplicity of design, with the golden letters clear and deep, and a shel tering hawthorn bush above that whispers of early days together in dear old English lanes. I wandered round the enclosure; but every part of it was so well kept that I could wish nothing, bet- ter. It was curious to sit there and look upon the ^grave of one who had been such a power in the land, and think of the proud old head crown ed with the snowy beauty of old age, always held so high, with its great capabilities, and kind nesses, now lying so far away, that most of us have forgotten; yet he helped on the nation to its new birth as much as many who will - reap the glory. Here he lies, utterly careless of- all the great movements that erstwhile stirred his heart with deep emotion and his mind to splendid ac- tion. The long, long life which he said he would not live one hour of over again ended, and no record blazoned on the stone. of -all his triumphs; but it is written in letters that cannot fade: on the hearts of the public, who in this great re-birth will give our pioneer federalist the tribute of a thought and a regret. I picked a tiny white rosebud to keep in memory of my visit to a great man's tomb, and the scent of it will always bring back to me this picture of this fair scene— the garden of the dead, in the middle of the silent, mystical, sorrowful bush, with the green grass underfoot and the great trees. overhead; while afar the mountains rise one beyond another, first in dusky green billows, then blue, mist-laden peaks rise, and over all the breezes sigh as they creep out of the deep gul- lies and blow gently over the little cemetery as though they knew all must walk softly and re- verently where our dear dead sleep. I walked a hundred yards perchance to look at the four or five other graves here. The fences are some what out of repair, and inside the rank ferns grow apace;, but these do not belong to -the Parkes fam- ily. It was desolate to feel that no one took any interest in these graves in so lovely a spot; but on one a rose blossomed as it crept where it willed, and the sweet blossom was like the touch of a hand. One railed enclosure stands quite alone, and on the stone is written 'Evenden,' ' and tbe date of his death— this is evidently the coachman who was buried here. One good thins 1 is never forgotten of Sir Henry — he treated all .those who served him well. I stayed here; till sunset, and. while struck with heartfelt, admiration at the scene, I could not help comparing it with the desolation we call 'Devonshire-street Cemetery, and wondering whether anyone ever felt very indignant about the state of graves of -men who have done much for their country whose bones lie there. For an hour I left the cemetery, and: Went gong one of the prettiest of roads to see Sir Henry house, which has received so many visi- tors from ail parts of the earth. it is an old fashoned place, with the quaintest of rooms, where some of the old man's pictures- hang still, and a room where some of his treasured pictures once hung, and where I saw a fine bas-relief group of statuary. The verandah is delightful— broad, with the loveliest of creepers twining about it, and In between the tendrils you get dainty vignettes of the distant mountains. Here and there, are vases with earth in them, whence the plants bave long since died; and I picked up a bit ol broken wood with the words, 'Auricania ; .... iplanted .. . . . Prince George," evi- dently a relic of other days. The most picturesque - scenery surrounds the house, tiny paths twin' in and out, and everywhere a statue or vase could be placed to grace a nook It did so. Bocks are grouped effectively, and dwarf stone walls run along the baby precipices, where at one time all kinds of lovely ferns and plants grew. It is sad walking here; I felt as though the ghost of one who had so loved it must sometimes wander amid these silent walks, and haunt the mystic vale below,where the shadows lie always. 'He was a great man. I knew him first about twenty .years ago,'"said a voice, and I saw a pleasant-faced man coming down the path, with his gardening tools."'I love to tend his grave; and Mr. Chapman told me he could not under stand what people meant by saying it was untidy, for be sends me here. He was a very familiar figure all about here, and I often think I. see him walking along one of the roads, with his hands on his sides, and his head thrown back — he was a fine figure to anyone walking behind him..He was always good to any man on the tramp. They all went to him, and he fed them well; and as long as he had money paid their fares to the far west, where work was to be found. He was uncommon fond of children, and wherever he was they grouped about him, and chatted to him. One of the last times I saw him he lectured the boys for riding while the girls walked, and they never forgot it. He was passicately fond :of the country about here, and his cottage over in the hill side has grounds where all sorts of. beau- tiful statues and vases were placed among lovely ferns from all parts. He used to come to the train every day along that road, and no flag was ever waved for it to stop, for as soon as people saw him- coming up the road they knew the train would not need signalling. Once it went by two minutes before its time. Sir Henry was not on the road; but it was brought back from the next station at his orders. We were always very proud of Sir Henry up here, and you will find he was loyed, too. I think he was at his best at his pretty home." As I said 'Good-bye the sunset glory broke from beneath a black wall of cloud, and flooded the rugged gorge below with light, crimson and gold. It flowed away over to the far blue hills; it rose over the tree tops till it flashed over the mountain graves; and as it quivered among the shrubs and flowers, touched the letters with flame, and crept over the ground tenderly in radiant shafts, I thought, :How blest are they who were laid here to rest;: and though the night fell swiftly, and dimmed the .glory, I knew the sun would rise in the morning still more glorious, so I turned away without a regret. Next morning I came for a farewell look, and In the early morning mists, like a silvery fleece, the rugged mountains rose grim and dignified, with the sunrise glinting upon them, and — to my mind — brought a picture of the veteran who fought so well and won his rest. 