WAR- NOTES FROM ENG LAND. , (From- our Special Correspondent.) Londdn, February 9, 1900. THE HEX WIIO DIED. ^£?ufmen' SCancl: tor a' silent toast, _,40 be drunk U'itli drooping head; \- The men who died at a falling post, W iio won the least and who "live the .most, . To our -brave, defeated dead. , 'Ghosts of the glain call out to-night I rom their graves across, the s«a (Soldiers slain in a losing fight A wild attack on a mountain height, Or a hopeless charge-are we. ''Soldiers crossing a ford in flood, . Or led to a false attack; Dragging our guns through seas of mud, Dark'ning the earth with our. heart's best'blood, As we fought our passage back. '"Soldiers marched through sun-burnt day, Marched through the cold,, chill night, Walking asleep;.in the morning grey In front of-the trenches brought to bay, With an unseen foe to fight. ' '".Soldiers-pawns of the gen'rals' game, Yet with lives to lose or live ?Done to death on a lield of shame; M e gave our lives for our eountry'sname, Vv e had nothing more to give." Gentlemen, drink with uplifted head, Proud, though the worst is faced; - Gentlemen, here's to our honored dead. . The men who .fought and the men who .bled Defeated, but not disgraced! . " . DREARY WAITING. Ten degrees 'below freezing point, an icy north-east wind blowing briskly, and no de finite news from Sou t'li Africa except a signi ficantly long1 casualty list. Such is the agree able condition of things in London this morning, and I don't wonder the public in general, and the press in particular, are be ginning to display considerable irritation. That there is plenty of goc/d journalistic "copy" itching to get on the wires all the world knows, 'but the censors just now are inexorable, and even Mr. Bennett Bur leigh's tricky little, "'try-ons" have failed miserably. At_ Durban and in Cape Town, ?fee., the press is said to know less than we do in London. .Mr. Garrett is on "the spot again, but even he cannot get much ahead of his rival paper. Evidently all is being done fairly. THE TEAN'SVAAL W1XTEP.. It is to be hoped that as, speaking gene rally, Australians and New Eealanders have only .the vaguest idea, of what a cold ? day signifies t'hey may not forget to sup ; ply, their troops with suitable clothing wherewith to face the Transvaal winter. Life isn't all' beer and skittles for otir troops in South Africa at-present, but if they have to face the altitudes and bitter dry cold of the. Upper Veldt improperly clad serious .mischief will certainly result. I heard a South Australian doctor say the other day that if consumptives were able to. survive one -winter in the Transvaal they generally -recovered altogether. The method is of course the "cold cure" . in vogue in the Swiss Sij^adine, minus luxu ries or comforts, during* the iu'itial winter yonr lungs are getting" hardened. 1 fear South, Australian, Victorian, and New South* "Wales troops - especially may feel the transition from the sun in daytime to bitter cold at night -vSry trving. THE. COLONIES 4® THE \VAR. The "Morning. Leader," which was en larged last Monday to ten pages, lias H. W. Massingham as its leading political contributor, Charles Williams as military expert, and other old "Chronicle" men on the staff". On Wednesday Sir. Massing ham, who has at least the merit of in dubitable honesty, gave vis the benefit oi his views on the "Colonics and the war." I had a sort of'idea there was only pne view myself amongst sane folks on this particular aspect of tho campaign, but the ex-editor shows us differently. Note par ticularly the reference to "my friend Lord Beaiichamp, if I may ".nil him so." Pub licists of the Massingham-cnm-Stead order do love titles, and can seldom resist ex hibiting a sample or so. Mr. Massingham opens this letter by condescendingly ob serving that the "interference" (siej of the colonies in the war may not result /badly, despite its manner and''ob ject. "In. the first place," saYs he, "no one who has followed the working of colo nial institutions can have failed to sym pathise with the feeling^ of tenderness for the old country, which is the fruit of the wise policy of non- interference with the self-governing colonies, which' was laid down earlier in tlve century, and from tfhick even . Mr. Ohamtieriain has, out picie South Africa, not v&iitured; to depart. In the second place, I think we may rec kon- that now that the colonies have help ed to conduct tile -war, they will help to settle the-war. I_ notice -that Sir Wilfrid Launer -has already stated his view that the terms of peace ought npfc to interfere ^th any existing right enjoyed by tiie Dutch race, a sehtiraer.t which must imply | that in Sir' Wilfrid's -opinion the inde [ pendente of the republics should- be re spected,but which is: opposed to the clamor of the English press in South Africa, and to the opinion of 'forwards' like Mr. Arnold White, who, as the result oi a war -for 'equality,' wishes to take away from the. Dutch the free use of their own language., When the self-governing colo nies understand that- they,are fighting against colonial freedom and not for "it, and against the majority of 'our colonists m South Africa,, they will, I hope, make their voices clearly and ^trongly heard. At the sajme time w.e must discriminate. The development of South African race problems last summer was 110 business of .Nc-w South Wales or Canada, French Canada in particular, which drill not, as a whole, approve of the dispatch of troops, has triumphantly solved a difficulty which Dutch South Africa lias been forbidden to solve in peace. She enjoys far greater ppwer m Dominion politics (in her owi province she is absolutely supreme) than the Dutch have claimed in South. Africa. She cares as little for what I may call the symbolism o£ the Hag as the Dutchman, and far less for the person of the Queen', ohe would not tolerate for one momert the interference which Sir Alfred Milner has . set up in the constitutional affair* both the Cape and of Natal. TI,is is s till more true of Australia. I fail even, to .imagine my friend Lord Beau champ, if I may so call him, playing the h'-fld of pranks with his Government winch Sir Alfred Milner has played with Air. fcchremer and his colleague* It is the business of the Liberal . Partv to bring these elementarv facts of our'colo nial system home to those who have for gotten them .through failinar to applv that golden saying, "Put yourself in his place.' JSjot that they have been entirely forgotten. The contingents were not sent" from Aus traiia without-opposition .from the Labor parties, and ;in sSoutli Australia, for ex ample, the resolution to send was only ear Tied by the casting vote of the President of the Legislative; Council. The contingents, ^<}0'r }verc, nlany of them paid at the rate Oi of a day, and they consisted in some degree or those adventurous spirits who will go anywhere and do anything for:ffun' -and to some minds there is no 'fun'like that of war. .There is oiie other considera= tion. - The colonies were swent into the net by the cunning' hands .who made this war in order to put money in their purse. . The Outlanders! agitation was started simultaneously at an immense expenditure in Cape Town, London, Aus tralia, and English Canada. The same (lies were told, to the colonies as to us. The same fabrication of Boer atrocities went o'ti there as here, emanating from oaners in the hands of the two or three South Afri can syndicates who manipulated the war boom. By-and-bye they will find out the truth, as we are finding it out. And then there will be a reckoning."" -. A CANARD. The fact -that General Buller sends his messages from the front direct to the Sec retary of State for .War instead of through Lord Roberts has led to a lot of foolish gossip. Responsible journals here' speak of Buller as being on the point of throw i ing up his command and coming h'oirie,' and the ''man in the street" is full of-alleged remarks by the "Never turn back" general upon the iniquity of his so-called superces sion 'by Lord Roberts. Of course there is no shadow of foundation for the supposi tion that General Buller was aggrieved at the appointment of "Bobs," or', that* he ever . contemplated "chucking" the game in the middle of it. To put the lowest construction on -human -motives General Buller has everything. .to lose by .giving up ihis proud position at the present time. Only one thing could justify suck a course, and that is the direct interference of the home authorities with his plan of cam* paign. Lord Roberts's appearance on the scene was not a slur upon- Buller, but tht | natural outcome of the English army sys tem. Had it general' of equal rank with j Buller been sent out then Sir Redvers I might properly have felt aggrieved, but "Bobs" is a Meld Marshal, and Buller is merely- in the position of a company officer, who finds himself in a subordinate position the moment his company joins the rest of the battalion. He can have no grievancb on the score, and the notion that he has . felt hurt by the criticisms of the press at home on his conduct of the campaign in Natal is absurd. That General Buller com municates direct to the War Office is a fact which does not seern to have any par ticular significance, seeing that all mes sages from all the generals at the front pass through Lord Roberts's hands before they are transmitted to England. STEA1I V. OXEN-A TRIAL AT THE TUGELA. -Most of us would, if we could,, forget that there was ever such an occurrence as the first crossing of the Tugela by Builer's force, but the correspondents, bilked in the effort to cable full and true accounts of the happenings at the front, are' taking their revenge on the censor by mail, and this week the papefs are full of Tugela talk. Mr. Bennett Burleigh supplies a very in teresting narrative of the passage of the river, a portion of which I' propose to quote, as it shows that the much-maligned steam transports-the quidnuncs said they would be left oh the veldt as rusty iron monuments of English folly-are on occa sion more effective and trustworthy than many spans of "'salted" oxen. Describing the block at the drifts, ill'. Burleigh says: -"It was a prolonged and desperate scramble to get the. men and about 400 waggons ana nondescript vehicles down the steep, slippery bank through the waist-deep stream and up the sticky opposite slopes. Three ox-waggons were run down into the river and converted into bridge piers, planks being laid, whereon part of the in fantry were able to pass over dryshod, but the planks and footing were insecure in places, and it came to be like walking the greasy pole at Ramsgate aquatic sports, for numbers of Tommies went hurriedly into the water in the most diverse and eccentric manner, to the surprise of lots of people. The much-laughed-at score of Aldershot traction engines did not, stick or flounder in the mud, but lumbered a!bout, doing duty with comparative ease and consider able regularity. Their flanged grips upon the wheels gave them a sure bite of the ground, which in one or two places they churned up rather deeply. A by no means overladen waggon stuck in the middle of Blauwkran's Drift, close to Erere Station. Eighty qseii were tried, and were unable to move the waggon an inch. It seemed as if the whole column must wait until the vehicle was carted off. A traction engine was requisitioned to try its powers, the enormous span of cattle were taken away, and a steel hawser was passed from the engine, and made fasti Then steam was turned on, and with snort and whirr the steamer walked away, with the waggon, conveying it some distance to a high and dry part of the roadway." . THE DANGERS _ OF THE SLOUCHED IIAT. \- Mr. Fred. Villiers, most vivid of all pourtrayers of battle scenes, gives a splen did description of Colonel Pilcher's suc cessful raid on New Year's Day, in which the colonial troops distinguished tliem .selves so greatly. It was nearly being the .last thing Villiers did, for but for his own presence of mind, he would have been shot down by one of the Queensland scouts, who mistook him for a Boer, owing to . a dilapidated slouch hat he was wearing. De scribing the occurrence; Mr. Villiers says: -"I looked at him for a moment, and saw his rifleaboul; coming to. the 'ready,' when I threw up my hands. As he came up, /covering me, he grimly smiled- as he said, ''Why, I took you for a blooming Boer.' The hat I wore was certainly suggestive of the enemy," for it was a much-worn wide awake. ' So I stepped down behind the bank, but three other keen Queenslanders 'had seen the action, and rode up at the gallop, and were about to take me prisoner, when my old friend, Major De Rougemont, riding up with his interpreter to inter view the prisoners, discovered who'I was, and I retired to the farmhouse, resolving to commandeer another hat whenever the op portunity served." The City Imperial Volunteers have all' gone out with the wideawake hat, but it is to be hoped that Lord Roberts will provide them with hel mets in lieji thereof. We cannot afford to take the risk of our men potting at each other on the strength of misleading head gear. . . MET BEFORE. ^"Fighting Mae.," as Colonel Hector Macdonald is affectionateOy called, has no false modesty on the score of his "begin nings" in the army, and gave evidence of the' fact at the Marlborough Club soon after he came home "brave victor from irhe fray" at Omdurman. The Prince of Waleshad expressed a desire to meet the Sirdar's right-hand man in the smashing of the Khalifa's army, and when the brave Highlander was presented remarked -"It is a curious thing, Colonel Mac donald, that we should never have met before." "Pardon me, sir," replied the Scot, "may I say that we have?". "In deed, and when?" queried the Prince, who prides liimself on never forgetting a face. Colonel Macdonald half-stoo'd to atten tion, and then astonished ,the group . of gilded generals and equerries by remark ing with a smile, "I was corporal of the guard the day your Royal Highness lan ded in Bombay." » A BELATED LADYSMITH DIARY. . A correspondent of the "Daily. Chro nicle," who has been shut up in Lady smith, has managed to get through the enemy's lines, after two attempts, part of his diary of the siege. Some 'of the items are amusing. Writing on Novem ber II he says:-"It would be a good thing if the, army ? could be marched through Regent-street ? as the men look this morning. It would* teach people more about war than a hundred pictures of- plumed horsemen and the dashing charge. The smudgy khaki uniforms soaked through and through, stained black and green and dingy red, with wet and earth and grass, the draggled great coats, heavy with rain . and thick with mud; the heavy, sopping boots, the blackened, battered helmets; the black ened, battered faces below them, un washed and unsliaved since the siege be gan; the eyes heavy and bloodshot, with sun and rain and want of sleep; the pe culiar smell. There is not much brass band and glory about us now. ... To-day Long Tom's shells were thrown pretty much at random about the town. One blew a mule's head off close to the bank, and disembowelled "a' second. One went into the Scotch House, and cleared the shop, a third pitched close to the Anglican Church, and brought the arch deacon out. of "burrow. But there was no real loss, except that one of the aval Brigade got a splinter in the forehead. My little house had another dose cf shrap nel, and on coming in I found a soldier digging up the bits in the garden but the Scotch*' owner drove him away for "'in terfering with the ,mineral rights.'" On November 12 he writes:-"The Boers conduct this siege with real consideration and gentlemanly feeling. They observe the SaUbath. They give up , quiet nights. After a violent bombardment they gene rally give us at least one day to calm/down. Their hours' for slaughter are 6 to 6, and they seldom overstep them. They knock oft "for meals-unfashiona'bly early, it is true, but it would be petty to complain. Like good employers, they seldom expose our lives to danger for more than eight hours a day. They are a little capricious, perhaps, in the use of the white flag. At the beginning of the siege our Lady Anne killed or wounded some of Long Tom's gunners and damaged the gun. Whereupon the Boers hoisted the white flag over him till the place was cleared and he was put to rights again. It was the sort of thing schoolboys might dp. Captain Lambton complained that by the laws of war the gun was permanently out of action. But Long Tom goes on as before. I think the best story of the siege -comes from a, Kaffir who walked in a few days ago. In the Boer cijmp behind Pepworth Hill he had seen the men being taught bayonet exer cise with our. Lee-Metfords, captured at Dundee. The Boer has no bayonet or steel of liis own, and for an assault on the town he. will need it. 'Instruction was being given by a -prisoner-a ser geant of the Royal Irish VFusi ficrs-with a' rope round his neck!" The following day the correspondent wrote:-"Yesterday the Boers, with fine simplicity, sent to our ambulance camp for some "chlorodyne, because they had run short of it,-and., were troubled.;with dysentery like ourselves. Being at lieart a* kindly people, we gave them what they wanted, and a little brandy besides. The British soldier thereupon invents the satire that Joubert ashed for some forage because his horses were hungry, and Sir George White replied, 'I would very glad ly accede to your request, but have only enough forage myself to last three years.' So the day'passed, and we did not lose a single man. Yet the enemy must have enjoyed .one incidents I was riding up to spend an hour in. ' the afternoon with Major Churcher at range post, when on an open space between me and' their little camp I s£W a squadron of the 18th Hussars circling and doubling about . as thougfh they were practising for the military tournament. Almost before 1 had time to think, bang came a huge shell from Puffing Billy just over my head, and pitched between me and them._Hap pily, it fell short, but it gave the Dutch gunners a wonderful display of our ca valry's excellence. Even before I could come up men and horses had vanished into air." The diary concludes thus: '.'Just after midnight, November 14,- a very unusual thing happened. Each ot the Boer guns fired one shot. Appa rently they were trained before sunset, and fired' at a given signal. The shells woke me up, whistling -over, the root. Most of the townspeople rushed, hgliti} clad, to their holes and coverts. J.lie -troops stood to arms. But the rest- of the night was quiet. . Apparently the Boers, contrary to their character, ^h. only done it to annoy, because they knew it' teased us." \- A WHITE FLAG INCIDENT. , TKe virtuous persons who continue to 'assert their belief that the allegations against the Boers of misusing the white fkgare untrue, will be somewhat puzzled to "et over the case of Mr. Ivnight, the able correspondent of the Morning Post," who was "knocked out by a sport ing Mauser bullet-a much larger missile than the ordinary Mauser mditar> rie bullet-at Belmont. Mr. Ivnight was land ed in England last Saturday minus -his right arm, worn to a shadow with feve , and looking older by .20 years than ^en he said au revoir to his brothers of the pen in Fleet-street a few months ago. Mi. Knight thus describes how he came bv his wound:-"Just at the close of the battle a small party making a last stand, hoisted the' white flag. We went forward, were fired on, and I dropped. A private next to me, one of the privates of the partj 1 was with, said grimly, All right, sir, 1II corse "back, and see to you m a few minutes, when we've finished with these gentlemen.' Then he went on with the rest and five minutes later the last Boer had'befcn bavoneted. There was no quar ter, I can tell you. Our men weren t pleased "at being fired at -otter the Boers had hoisted the white flag. When Tommy came back, grinning, all over nis face with, satisfaction, his bayonet was dripping with the blood of the Boer's. he d killed, and, dripping as it was, he promptly set to work to dress my wound with its aid. . |~r* Knio-lit takes his loss philosophically. Alter all, having ;only. one. arin has .its- advan tages: it is economical. He had his right arm taken off, and Major Dalrymple lost his left arm, so when they .found they wan ted gloves they bought one pair between them. IN HOSPITAL. A military nurse, apart from the pro fessional interest in the cases brought to her care, is in a good position to acquire considerable insight into the real char racter of that; at present, very popular person, T. Atkins, Esq., of the British army. At Maritzburg there are, alas! hundreds of "Tommies" to be studied. They are representative of every town and hamlet in- Great Britain and Ireland, and , differ in speech, and general characteristics as much as it is possible for children of a common stock to differ. Yet they are alike in. one . thing, .their childlike faith in British superiority. The Boers may win battle after battle, but t-lie private.soldier does not accept the reverses as an indica tion of the enemy's superiority. \ftrd a- gin 'em a fair doin if they d (the offi cers) 'ad let us gone on. .- We wuz raight on to-p of 'era when we wuz ordered back an' that arter ben shot dahn loike ship : as us wuz climbin' them 'ills." "Blime, but it was a bit orf! Got rite hup to the beggars, and' then 'cos the bloomin' artillery "wasn't there we was .told . to go back-just as we'd got 'em. by" the iv.ruif." "We was told we'd got to take that 'ere kopje, and we'd a done it. Ert>st -half our mc-n? "Well, y'didn't expect to sit "there easy, did yer? There was enough of us left to clear out the Boers if they'd been twice as many, wunst we got at em with the sticker. One bloomin' Boer be'nd'a rock is good as two of lis in -tlhe open, but let us git in among 'em, and .blimey, one of us is good for any ten of 'em." "Can't understand it a bit. I know we can do them, but somehow we never seem to get a fair show. We got 'eon pro- [ perly at Willow _ Grange,' and sen<t 'em Hying like rabbits." . j "We'll git satisfaction some day. Nurse , says I'm going on a treat, and will soon be* ready for the front again, but our gene rals will have to let us keep at it .till we do get right in to them. It's no good going for a position if you're going to be beaten because half your men go down. 'Course clie Boers have it all their own way to be gin with; that's natural. They're out of sight, and pot you from behind rocks, but once we get up'to them we get it our way, and can level up, killing scores, and a bit over. That's how. I look at it." Tommy's., idea, as shown by these scraps taken at random from a nurse's note- book, is evidently, in .spite of the terrible lessons of the war, to go right ahead, losses notwithstand ing, until the bayonet'-'can pay back the rifle fire debt. "What he wants is a definite object to be fought for. and at -tained, no matter the cost. The one pre vailing idea of the soldier in the hospital is to get patched up and returned to the field. He makes an excellent patient, un complaining and -trustful, doing what ne is told like an obedient child. The penal ties of warfare he easily and good-natured ly accepts as part of the day's work. Just a bit of chaff, and that is all. "When them doctors get to 'hitching off arms and legs there's no 'holding 'em; they're just a bit too handy like over these 'ere jobs. "They want to be even with the Boers. A TRAITOR'S DOOM. The Boer spies are ubiquitous, and it'is much to be feared that in spite of all pre cautions the volunteer corps which have been sent out from home are not wholly free front suspicion. At Modder River they seem to catch on an average one Boer ? spy a day, and a rumor has reached Lon-1 don to the effect that Lord Methuen has been obliged to disband Remington Scouts j owing' 'to the fact that there are so many traitors in that otherwise excellent corps. A private of the Grenadiers, writing from the Modder encampment, says in a letter to hand last mail:-"We caught a spy the other day. We thought he was loyal to.us, but we watched him One night, and saw a light in 'his house, and, what is more, we saw him use a telephone, which was found to communicate with the Boers about three miles away. We took 'him prisoner, and on searching found the wires in a wall. We traced the wire round a pigstye, but it broke as we were 'following it across the riyer, the wire being at the bottom. * Our camp has been full-of spies, but I think we have caught the chief of them at: last. Trie same man. was caught before I signalling with a lamp, but he then said he was look ing' for his cattle, and we gave him the ?benefit of the doubt. Now he 'has come to the end of his career, and I am sure I should not like to have 'his death." ONE FOR HIS NOB. A private .of the Roy^l Berkshires gives an interesting item of his experiences as a scout .with Gatacre's column. He says: "We had a bit of a skirmish three days after Christmas driving the Boers out of Dordrecht, where we lost 11 men. I was out scouting right in the front, with a chap of the Cape Mounted Police, and I was nearly captured. We got round a bit of a kopje, and we tossed up to see who should investigate the centre. I lost, so I had to go through the middle, and he round the outside. I 'had advanced a hundred yards when I heard a faint rustle, and, getting off my horse, I crept cautiously forward, and 'then,I s'aw_a" Boer on the same job as myself. Well, old man,' I thought, 'it's either you or me.' I crept back to my h'orse, and got a mallet that we use for driving in pegs for tethering our horses. If I had shot the Boer it might have warned some others; so I crept along till I got right behind the Dutchman. I made a spring, and landed 'him one on the top-of -the head. .1 'had avenged -somerof.my-chums, !Thea J,.got i back to the camp as fast as I could and reported." THOSE TERRIBLE SHELLS. Major Albrecht, the commander of the Boer artillery, of whom more anon, lias writtep tb a friend in Germany a letter, in which 'he sets forth tie actual letlial value of artillery generally, and pays some very poor compliments to our much-vaunted lyddite shells. At the battle, of Colenso ;he says that "out of 100 shells not 10 burst, and -even these mate more noise than they do damage. The day before yesterda> about 25,000 English with over 50 guns stood against us 13,000 Boers.: I can well say that we did not lose more than 100 men, amongst them ' atwut three dozen, killed. To about 1,000 Eng glish shells about 12 men were killed, and 30 or 40 wounded, for the rest was done by rifles. Our Boer artillery was by no means as successful as I had anti cipated before the war. I leave it open whether it disabled in all 100 men. The riflemen disabled in 10 minutes ten times more than our artillery 'did sometimes in 10 hours. Artillery in defence does not seem to be destined to play a brilliant part, and as re gards attack, its use consists chiefly in in timidating the enemy, so that the attack ing body can advance under its protection. The real decision lies "in close fighting." Exactly, but' "Tommy" declares that the 'Boers will never indulge him with that eye .to eye scrapping, for .which he has such a penchant. ALBRECHT, THE GUNNER. "Anglo-Afrikander," who contributes to the "St. James's Gazette" an interesting article on the free lances of the war on the Boer side, gives the following inter esting account of Albrecht:- 'Some four years past I met in Berlin Captain Al brecht Steimatz, formerly of the German Artillery. I had met him previously in Bloemfontein, where he commanded the permanent field artillery of the Orange Free State. He had returned to the Fatherland as a member of a military commission, composed ,of four .officers three from the Transvaal-charged with the selection and purchase of war ma terial. Upon the fact of this mission I base my conviction that a secret alliance, both, offensive and defensive, between the South, African Federals was in existence for some considerable period before it was known- at -Downing-street. I may also mention that Germany, jit the moment I write of, had had added to its floating population three foreign "military commis sions, all of wnich endeavored to preserve an impertui'bable secrecy as to the ob jects of their visit to Essen and' else where. One was the Chilian Commis sion under General Martinez; then there were the Argentine people, who wiped the eyes of their potential antagonists when they beat them in a race for the -acquire ment of Krupp quick-firers, Mark I: And then "there was 'Albrecht'-the patrony mic under -which he now masquerades , and his confreres, one Austrian, one Hollander^ and three fellow-Germans, gunners all. Contracts were entered into in Germany in the year I write of up to a sum exceeding a million of Oom Paul's; sovereigns. Through German sources at the front i would be- inclined to estimate the foreign mercenaries now with the forces of the federals as not being much under ten thousand ? officers. Count Villebcis de Mareuil is.beyond all .question the most, important. " He is the military adviser at Ladysmith. Last midsummer he gave as his opinion that it would require three army corps to subju gate the Boers. We are getting near that number now.". A MAN! (Presumably written in a temper after a perusal of dispatches from South Africa by Lords M and B .) . _ O for a living man to lead! ? That "will not babble when we bleed; O for the silent doer of the deed! ! - One that is happy !in his height; And one that, in a nation's .nisht, Ha'th solitary certitude of light! . Sirs, not with "battle ill-hesun- / We charge you, not with fields unwon. ' Nor headlong deaths against the darkened gun;' . ? But with a lightness worse than dread; That vou but laughed, who should have led/ *? And tripped like dancers amid all our d&id.; ' ' You for no failure we impeach, Nor for those bodies in the breach, But for a deeper shallowness of speech. When every cheek .was hot with shame, When we demanded words of flame, O y.e were busy but to shift tne blame! No man of- us but clenched his handy No brow but 'burned as with a brand, You! you alone were slow to understand! 0 for "a living man to lead! That wut not babble wiieu we'bleed; O for the silent doer of th^deed! -Stephen Phillip 