Previous comments on the important question of Banking legislation in our issues of the 7th and 11th inst., it may be claimed, demonstrate— 1. That the weakness of the existing laws demands ' reform. 2. That to mnke such l-eform of any practical benefit it must include all the Australian colonies, and hence should be a Federal Act. 3\. That the State has duties in connection with the adoption of safeguards to prevent monetary crises. 4. That experience has proved that the best and quickest way to arrest panics is in endowing some source with the .power of issuing '"undoubted credit." The point, however, that remains to he discussed is not only the most important, hut the most difficult to deal with, namely — By . whom and under what conditions shall this issue of "undoub- " ted credit" be made? It will bo at once recognised that a credit to be "undoubted " must be a legal tender; that it must be issued tinder the authority of someone in whom the public will have confidence, so that its face value may not 6uffer, nnd that the regulations of such an issue must be of a character to enable tho acceptor - of. these credits to convert tbcm into gold within reasonable limits. The source of issue must be above suspicion, and it should ' he in the -hands of a single body, placed as far- 113 practicable, outside the jrange of party- politics— a body responsible for ' faithfully t carrying out the intentions of the Act, and' capable, when called upon by the Federal Government in times of emergency, of" devising and adopting means to avert finan cial troubles before they reach panic pitch. In other nations this is not all plainly set out in their Banking laws; "still if the various systems are examined they will be found to meet this requirement. In Groat Britain the Bank .of Fug- land is. the source from which "undoub- " ted credit " flows. The issue under ordinary conditions is restricted, the larger proportion, corresponding in every way to a State issue, being guaranteed by the British Government, the balance being made up as against a limited amount in convertible securities in the Issue depart ment and the difference in gold deposited in the hank vaults. For every extra £5 note issued after the statutory amount, gold has to be found. But practice 1ms made. a provision that admits " a departure . from this condition ill eases of . financial emer gencies. When instances of this charac ter arise, the directors of the Bank of Eng land lay a statement of the facts before the Government, which then issues a letter of licence authorising the hank to increase its issue of notes upon other securities. This is called suspending the charter," and the process was adopted in the crises of 1847, 1857 and 18CC, with eminent success. The discount houses and other financial institu tions which held securities, being able to obtain a plentiful supply of money from the bank, were enabled to grant liberal accommodation to their customers, with the result that the panics were almost immediately arrested. This, system has the advantages of simplicity and rapid ity in its favor, and hence' would doubtless meet the wants of Australia if adapted to local conditions. Undoubtedly itlie integrfty of the currency must be regarded as of primary importance, experience having proved 'that if this is in any way tampered with disaster is certain to follow. President Cleveland has 'told us that "no nation -is yet - happy enough to " possess an ideal currency, and few . have readied a clear conception of ivhat an " ideal currency is and it can hardly be expected that Australia will be able to ait once a'titain this knowledge. Fortunately, experience has proved that there are no linavprenl Vlllno /llftiax Fav ifa .» uiuiwtuui » lyi ua LUllljJUSaiUII ui its quantity, hut Mr. Cleveland points out that in all cases rt has to be adapted to local conditions and local requirements, and he adds that the comparative te9ts 'so freely applied to it by statisticians are of the smallest practical value. Indeed, those elaborate tables that some people revel in are really worthless in most instances, when compiled from the results obtained by one country to prove. what is required for another. It does not, however, follow thalt the experiences gained in one direction in experimenting on the currency are to be ignored by those who are feeling their way towards paths of safety. Argentina is the latest instance affording an illustration of how an over issue of uncon vertible paper currency will destroy the credit of a country rich villi natural resources. Similar results have followed wherever any attempts have been made to create a currency that lias no Intrinsic value whatever in t/he world's malts. That a note issue properly handled and properly controlled is one of the greatest advantages to the com merce and finance of a nation is admitted even by the worshippers of a metallic currency. In the United Kingdom, it has been recently demonstrated, by the exten sion. o.f thp Bank of England's, note issue limit. In India, Skate pajier issues are steadily increasing, whilst they have been found to afford practical relief in periods of monetary stringency. In Itlie United States another instance is supplied of how properly secured national notes may he utilised to meet the demands of trade with out any depreciation in their face value following. On Itlie other hand, if these note issues are not properly secured and made readily convertible into gold, then they depreciate, finally landing the issuers in serious financial disaster, if not hopeless bankruptcy. If it is accepted tlhat the best means' for averting panics and mitigating the severity of monetary crises is to be found in having a source from which " undoubted credit " may be issued, it seems to follow that the character of that credit with us must be State or Federal. The opinions of a Confer ence of bankers held in Sydney in 1895, at which institutions doing business in all the Australian colonies were represented, seemed to follow these lines. The necessity for legislation at that time was recognised, vuuu£u Buiiic iMcinucis uueuieu u- inexpu- dient to press 'the maWer at the moment, owing to the then unsettled feeling in inonetary circles; but it would appear that the proposals for a State note issue were not only discussed, but, under certain con ditions, approved. At that date Federation tvas not regarded as being so quickly prac ticable, but now that it appears to be almost accomplished the opportunity occurs of placing the laws in connection with Banking on a common footing, and at the same time introducing those alterations which experi ences have proved to be needful. A Federal Stale note issue would, there is reason to believe, if conducted under proper condi tions and restrictions, prove a boon, not only to those who arc more directly interested in financial transactions, but to the community as a whole. Take the smallest advantage first. It would provide a hank note that would be worth, undor all conditions, its face value throughout the Federated colonies, thus saving to the user the sixpence, or in some instances the shilling, in the pound exchange demanded in, one colony for cashing notes issued in artbther. Second, it could he extended under careful regulations to supply "undoubted credit" in-panic periods; third, it would provide wha't a not incon- siderable section in , all the colonics has been asking for, namely, that the issue of paper money should be vested solely in tho hands of the State. Exclusive of New Zealand, the average note issue of the' Aus tralian colonies amounts to £3,28.9,000, and to withdraw this large sum from circulation would require a. little itime; but Queensland with its Treasury notes has shown that the withdrawal of the ordinary brink note, its place being supplied by the State issue, can he effected without troublo.- This substitution would naturally mean the sacrifice of a certain amount of revenue in those colonies that have a ba-nk note tax. But 'this fear, it will be seen, vanishes when the details of a Federal note issue come to be settled. In dealing with this the integrity of the proposed new currency is all important, and this can only he assuved by providing that the notes shall be payable on demand in gold. To ensure this, the Federal Bepartment charged with the duties in connection with a note issue would have to hold a considerable sum in gold in reserve. Some authorities Consider that 30 per cent, is sufficient, whilst others think 50 per cent, should, be., the.. ..minimum. Take, for the sake of simplicity, „the. , gold holdings of ifie Federal ' 'Department against an issue ' of £3,289,000 at £1,289,000, there would then be available £2,000,000 to be invested in Federal bonds, which, if -they bore interest at the rate of 3 per cent., would give the annual return of £00, 000 to meet 'the expense of the Issue Department, and to provide compensation to those States that give up the bank note. tax. The present remarks are made principally, with ihe view of directing attention , to the important question of a Federal -'Banking Bill. The necessity of reform is suggested, and later it is proposed to go more 'into details of how this should be carried out. the workers are looking to the Factories Act as to their ark. The' very spontaneity with which they rise and clamor, to be brought within the pale of its salvation ought to carry a lesson with it. The waiters in hotels and restaurants have appointed a committee to draft -a scheme of union, so that they may come into the " New Protec- ".tion." . The slaughtermen also have moved in the same direction, and not before it was time. One speaker said at "a. recent meeting that the average slaughterman has to work 80 hours in every iveek, and not infrequently 100 . hours. We can only dimly realise the brutalising effects of working 15 hours for six days and 10 hours on Sunday. Such a life in .all but personal restraint is as that of the galley slave. The body pursues its wearying, monotonous grind, and the mind sinks almost perforce into un imbruted condition. No State can ever be.' justified in permitting its free citizens to lapse into such a 'hopeless condition of mental nnd physical slavery. Nor is it alone in the long hours that men need the 'beneficent protecting hand of the law. At a recent conference between the sub-committee of the Anti-Sweating League and the Trades Hall Council, a number of statutory declarations were sent in by fell- mongers stating that they wnrl.-pd from 5(1 to 60 hours per week for n wage of from 22/ to 30/ per week. Sixpence an hour as the wage of a man with a wife and children to support ! This is the result of free-trade in wages, as it must be everywhere when unregulated competition places 'the work man at the mercy of the market. Another helpful feature of the Act is its early closing provisions. The shopkeepers of Fairfield, Alphington, Ivanhoe and Heidelberg, with only two exceptions, have petitioned for the application of the early closing provisions to the Heidelberg shire, exempting the Greens- borougli riding, and the request has been complied with in all directions, wherever the provisions of the Factories Act extend, they enter into human life like a gleam of sunshine pene trating a congregation of vapors. They bring hope, light, life and a sense of deliverance to the overburdened. The wonder is that some men are found so stolid against all sorts of reforms as to set up their petty apprehen sions of possible difficulties as a reason for delaying and sometimes defeating this kind of legislation. If a section .of this com munity, inside and outside of Parliament, could have 'had its way there would have been no extension of the Factories Act until such time as the lloyal Commission of Inquiry shall have completed its labors. And the workers are not likely to forget that under a system of free-trade Wages Boards are virtually an impossibility. The two things are in direct contradiction. Free traders set up Competition as the governing power which ought' to regulate all life, and Competition and Wages Boards- arc in hopeless antagonism. At the pre sent time there is a- Factories" Bill before the House of Commons. It has not the ghost of a chance to struggle into life. On that point even its advocates are agreed. And the main reason is tlint it is incom patible with a free-trade tariff. If the Imperial Parliament were to establish Wages Boards with a minimum wage in Great Britain, anil thus raise wages from the sweater's level while leaving the ports open to the cheap product of other coun tries, it would kill British industries and turn the British workman out to starve. If the home producer he forced to pay better wago3 than his foreign: competitors pay, he must be protected against the foreigner. England can never have a legal living wage until kite gets a protective tariff. The New Protection to the wage earner must go hand in hnnd with the tariff pf-otcction to the producer. 