OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. [From Our Own Correspondent.] March 20. The wisdom of going to law with Lucifer, and holding the Court in Tophot, has frequently been called in testing against the nimmo ria which says you needs must when the devil drives. Hpnco Private Davey, in protesting against the manner in which he had been treated by direction of the Minister for Defence, had no option but to accept the Court of Inquiry appointed by the Cabinet, the said Court consisting of the Premier, the Minister for Defence, the Solicitor-General, and the Attorney-General. When, some four months ago, Mr. Graves, M.L.A., formulated his charge against the Commissioner of Customs, Mr. Best,, and a Committee of Inquiry was appointed, he, though appointed one of its monitors declined to sit as judge on a case in which he was also prosecutor. Mr. Melville, the Minister for Defence, has no such scruples, and was quite content to sit on a case which virtually placed him on trial, and made him the judge of his accuser. That even under such Circumstances Davey obtained a verdict in his favour testifies to the strength of his case, and that full re- paration has not been made testifies to Cabinet loyalty and solidarity. As the matter now stands it is admitted that a mistake was made, and it has been rectified to the extent of giving Davey his formal discharge, in which his character record is marked very good." It has also been intimated to him that he may join the Imperial Bushmen Corps, but he demands that he be restored to his position in the Victorian corps, and threatens to make things unpleasant for Ministers by taking legal proceedings if his demand is not conceded. The singular part of the affair is the utter disappearance from the record of the lady on whose behalf Mr. Melville first interested himself. The first offer was, marry the girl and you can go ; refuse and you stay. It was seen at once that this ground was untenable, and it was accordingly abandoned. Then the reason given for the direction to dismiss was that some time ago the regimental medical officer reported Davey to be unfit. But both he and the P.M.O. immediately afterwards reported that herein a mistake had been made, and the Commandant not only sent on that report to the Minister, but conveyed its tenor to him by telephone. The committee considers that in any case the dismissal should have been made in a more private manner, and the Commandant re- plies that as he knew of no reason which it should be made at all, he could not do it in secret, So the matter stands, but more will be heard of fit when the House meets. At any rate, it is likely to mean a re- arrangement of the Defence Department, so as to alter the present prac- tree, by which the Commandant is virtually under the orders of the Secretary for Defence, a Sub- Lieutenant, late R.N., speaking through the mouth of his political head, the Minister. This is where the shoe pinches, and this is where it must be cased. The select teams for the Imperial Regi- ment are going on apace, and about 2,000 applicants presented themselves at the Victoria Barracks for examination last Thursday. The applications from all parts exceeded 5,000, and the men are going into camp at Langwarrin as fast as they are passed. It will probably be about six or seven weeks before they are ready for embarkation, by which time it may be that the war will be reduced to a matter of pacifica- tion and military occupancy. It is a consummation devoutly to be wished. ,, Melbourne is greatly grieved over the deaths of Lieut.-Colonel Umphelby and Captain Salmon. Especially has the former evoked deep regret, for Charlie Umphelby was as well known in the city as Fitz-Gibbon himself, He was born hero, went to school here at the Wesley College, was as a young man foremost in all manly sports, married here, won his rank step by; step under the eyes of his friends, and his mother is yet with us. ' It was sad and unexpected news, for the first cable Beat to a friend said he was slightly wounded and doing well. Captain Salmon's death is also deeply deplored, though he was less known in the city than ' '« popular brother, Dr. Carty Salmon, Commissioner of Customs. He was Talbot hour, but his death for Queen and Empire makes him as dear to Victorians as if he were each one's personal friend. With him the last of the officers who went with the first contingent is out of action. Major Eddy, Captain Salmon, Lieuts. Powell and Roberts are dead, and Captain Mcinerney and Lieut. Tremearn are wounded and prisoners. Lieut.-Colonel Umphelby was one of the four special service officers who went directly the contingent had sailed, the others being Colonel Hoad, Captain Bruche, and Captain Johnstone. Truly a Heavy toll has been taken of our boys. " The glorious, pious, and immortal memory of the blessed Saint Patrick has never before been honoured in Melbourne as it was on Saturday last. Hitherto there has always been a demonstration fly in the ointment, and mi element of friction that has marred the perfect harmony of the celebration, or less circumscribed its observance,. It has been an Irish Roman Catholic frosts, but on Saturday it was a genuine "general jubilation, one section doing honour to St. Patrick, and the remainder honouring the nationality which St. Patrick represents, that the blood brotherhood which has been cemented anew in South Africa should not lack in heartiness of remembrance. The city had quite a vernal appearance under the wealth of green bunting it sported. The gallant Dubs the fearnaught living and the honoured dead were remembered as they deserve to be by every- one All of b Sported the shamrock, and wore Hiber'niau for the nonce, and when the procession came down Swun ston-street, with a mounted Life Guardsman and a squad of kilted, plumed and pleaded Hielnnmen headed by four pipers in their midst, thereof ing almost made the tram rails cattle again. It was a grand day, and unless he keeps himself well posted with regard to sublunary affairs, the worthy saint can scarcely yet have left off wondering why he has so suddenly risen in the estimation and good graces of Melbourne and its citizens. Considerable interest was expressed during the past week in the progress of the A.N.A. conference at Geelong. This increased as an attempt was made to hark back to the art union, and it culminated in the election for President. The satisfaction was very general when Mr. Peacock's amendment was carried which knocked out the art union for all time, but it was not be great over Mr. Skelton's victory. By Mr. Crosbie's withdrawal the contest for the Presidency became a straight-out fight on the question, Shall the practice hold by which a vice-president has always been promoted or shall an outsider be allowed to fill the chair F The practice holds; but the association can scarcely be congratulated on its decision, which rejects the brilliant Q.C. who is really a man of mark for the Mayor of Dunolly, who is unknown outside of his de- cayed diggings township. Melbourne went strongly for Purves, and therefore did not approve of his rejection. Besides, the doing was a bad one 117 to 65-nearly 2 to 1. Mr. Crosbie, of North Melbourne, and Mr. T. M. Bourke, of Ararat, are the vice-presidents. The contest for the Board was very keen, and Mr. Toutcher was rejected. "Red Riding Hood" and her nursery rhyme colleagues continue to enjoy a real good time at the Princess's Theatre. So does "Greater Melbourne in looking at and listening to them, and so also does the proprietary interest, and all those concerned in the walking of the ghost on treasury day. But, apropos of the ghost, the real legitimate one, and only spectre; who developed a strange task for doing sentry go on the ramparts at Elsinore in order that he might be able to talk family affairs over in a comfortable way with his son, Hamlet, scored very heavily last Friday night, and for once the Alexandra fairly knocked the coal off the attendance pipe of the Princess's. The great Shakespearian masterpiece was put on for one night only, and put on none too well, but the house was so packed in every part that there was not even standing room before the curtain rose. So much for Shakespeare spelling ruin. One of the best features of the performance, if not the very best, was Mr. Geo. Buller's first grave-digger, in which Um i ??? T player admirably rose to the Shakespearian standard, getting all the quaint dry humour out of the text without any approach to the customary low but- foonery. Touching plays, players, and play- houses, they have begun to pull down the old Opera House, the work being, of course, preliminary to rebuilding it in more commodious and elaborate manner. Harry Rickards is undertaking the venture on a dO years' lease. The building is to have the usual hotel frontage, which has become the common feature of the modern theatre Some years ago. away in boom time, there was a proposal to build a theatre to be called the Imperial, on the south-east corner of Bourke and Exhibition streets. It was to dwarf the Princess's. What a lot the citizens have lost-mid certain capitalists have gained by the rescue stage of that proposal. And while I am writing of public en- tertainers and entertainments I may fittingly refer to a recent exit from life s stage by one whom all the men of the fifties and early sixties Who followed the rustics will remember in all kindliness. I refer to Henry Burton, proprietor of that goldfields' institution - Burton's American Circus. Well do I recollect him, the very beau ideal of a handsome, graceful ringmaster, and to the eye of boyhood no man was to be more admired and on vied. Good fortune seemed also to attend him, and at one time, beside being the wealthy proprietor of the circus, he also owned a stud farm, where he bred the horses he trained and used in the ring. But in his later years losses and reverses succeeded reverses and losses, and Henry Burton, the admired king of the ring, was glad in his old ago to accept the shelter afforded by that noble institution, the Dramatic Home, where he died about a fortnight ago. May the turf The light upon his breast. 