STAfiELM ? « ? ~» ? - \-- O less thfa three changes \- ^_^ are announced to-night ^^^S^m^M^i. —'School lor Scandal' &§2ffeZxMM& at Her Majesty's, 'The (v1$£-~£\\)^SE?V Tyranny of Tears' at V^^-s^^ffll^ t116 **-***- and 'The Is&h;? J§\QS&0A N^ East Lynne' at the -U-ra2sS\^/^\V3-*5V/ Criterion. In the first ^KyfcJOwfe Miss Nsmce °'NeU w3il ^iiy^V/Jy^y Peter Teazle, and &S;&*. \?-r^cM/*a Mr. Klneston Charles '^!=*i?^^*^ Surface. Old playgoers ?will recollect the late Barry Sullivan playing the last-named in Australia. Mr. Brough'e new piece is the work of that clever Australian, Haddon Chambers, and should have a grand premiere, ?While Miss Lily Dampier -will renew her ac quaintance -with a Sydney audience in 'The New East Lynne.' At Melbourne theatres the ball is kept roll ing. Miss Maud Williamson's adaptation of Hall Caine's novel, 'The Deemster,' entitled 'The Gates of Bondage,' will be staged to-nighf at tiie Alexandra. On Saturdayi May 19, the Al exandra will be re-named Her Majesty's, and un der the managerial hand of Mr. J. C. Williamson there will be presented on that date a short sea son of comic opera. In speaking of the Alexandra, ?Mr. Williamson said to an 'Age' representative: 'This theatre, I tihink, has never had a fair chance. It failed at the start from lack of proper man agement, -and has since gone back, being used largely for melodrama at cheap prices, excepting ~*Tvhen it has been engaged for amateur perform ances, or musical events, such as the Conserva torium concerts under Professor atarshall-fiall, which have 'always attracted crowded houses. The most notable performances ever given in the Al exandra were those of Martin Simonsen's Italian Opera Company, when at advanced prices the theatre was nightly . filled by the elite of Mel bourne, the season resulting in a profit running into thousands of pounds. I purpose having both the interior and the surroundings of the theatre thoroughly cleansed and furbished up, and hope ?with strong attractions to make it popular, as it is one of the largest theatres in Melbourne, with ample stage .^accommodation, and can be made very attractive.' At the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, 'The Ladder of Life; or, Gordons to the Front,' is a big success, and 'What Happened to Jones' is doing so phe nomenal business that an extension of the season naturally followed. Amann and Chas. Seel are the big draws at Mr. Hickards's theatre. The death is announced from Melbourne of Mr. E. C. Martin, a well-known journalist, who also dab'bled in play writing, his most remarkable achievement in that line being a drama founded on the Kelly gang. Mr. Thomas Lloyd, a very useful actor) who has been for some time a member of the 'firm's' dra matic company, and whose last appearance was in 'Bang Henry V.,' has gone to Taree to coach the amateurs. His experience should be most valu able to them. A clever artist is Mr. James Bain, the Australian comic singer, aowappearing at the Tivoli.^ Mr. iBain's business is fresh and1 novel, and, generally speaking, he can hold his own with the imported article. It is his in tention to proceed to London, and it is almost certain that when he arrives there Aus tralia will know him no m^re, for eome consider able time at least. Drollery and originality suit the London halls, and Mr. Bain, possesses both. Mr. George Titheradge, who makes so excellent a messenger from Mars (says a London journal), is an Englishman by birth, but was for many yeara one of Australia's most popular actors. He never 'rests' in his profession, but holds a record of having worked continuously for over twenty years. Mr. Titheradge not only left a big name behind him in the New World, but something that he seemed to prize quite as much — his beautiful flower farm on the out skirts of Melbourne. He is a mem ber of the Royal Horticultural Society in England, and his special hobby is the 'flaming daffodil ' Although in possession of a large, comfortable, house .in St. John's Wood, he looks with a melan choly smile on the so-called garden, and thinks regretfully bl his acres of flowers in Australia, where he has travelled as much as a thousand miles (sic) to see a bulb in bloom. Mr. Bland Holt was the first to deny the truth of the existence of a Musgrove-Holt-Chas. Frohman syndicate which was to exploit Austra lia. The next is Mr. Frohman, who, in the course of a chat with a representative of 'The Stage' commenced by deploring the innumerable schemes and 'moves' attributed to him by some of the English papers, and some what slyly expressed his 'astonishment at the grotesquely incorrect news items which appear from time to time in your eminently conservative and conscientious Press.' As an instance, he cited the announcement that he was going into partnership with Mr. George Musgrove. The only possible ground for such a statement was that he, Mr. Frohman, is interested in a play, the Austra lian rights of which have been acquired by Mr. Musgrove. Mme. Melba having finished her season at Monte Carlo was due, when the mail left, to sing at Berlin on March 29. The future engagements included Prague, Leipsic, Hamburg, and Dresden. She is announced to open the London eeason this month as 'Juliette.' The principal event of this season in the thea trical world of St Petersburg has been the pro duction of Mr. Adolf Feodoroff's new play 'Le- benshunger.' The piece — 'a modern drama,' its author calls it— was already known to the St. Petersburg public, as it was read by the author before crowded audiences some time ago. ' In the dearth of modern dramatic works of talent in Russia, Mr. Feodoroff's play (says the 'Era') stands out as a clear and shining light amid the surrounding darkness. Despite the fact that Feo doroff is, to a certain extent, a disciple of ? Tol etoi, he has followed more closely the models of Sudermann and of Ibsen. Feodoroff, purely Russian as he is in sympathy, is as purely Teu tonic in thought. His work belongs to the Ger man school, with a distinct breath of Scandina vian philosophy. 'Lebenshunger,' i.e., 'Life's Hunger,' represents the hunger and thirst after something beyond and above the material life of to-day. It is the struggle after an ideal, life. The central figure of the play is an old man, Baron Eric Von ' Linden, and his philosophy im bues the drama from beginning to end. The ex ponent of optimism, the grand old aristocrat, be comes convinced, only at the end of a life of self sacrifice and disinterestedness, tiiat idealism is \- certain sooner or later to be crushed down ,and ? trampled on by the hard materialism of to-day. Apart from this philosophy, one of the chief fea turesi of the play,' which is throughout highly realistic, is the. masterly skill Witt, which the characters are drawn. 'Lebenshunger' was warmly received, and some of the critics do not hesitate to speak of it as a work of genius. The drama is expected to be played this season at the Court Theatre in Munich, and has been accepted for the Lessing Theater in Berlin, as well as faf several other theatres in Germany. Perhaps the most artistic bit in 'The Messen ger Boy' (the new musical comedy secured by ?Mr. J. C. Wlliamson) is the Egyptian dance, de signed by Willie Warde .,-and executed by Mr. Edmuna Payne and Miss Katie Seymour. There is a romantic Egyptian background, painted by ?Ryan, and the artists are brought on in mummy cases, from which they step forth in a perfect reproduction of the quaint costumes of ancient Egypt. These dresses are most ingenious, for though Payne is all bandaged 'round, and .Katie Seymour's slender little body is fitted into a tight sheath, they both manage to move ..about ?- freely. Time was when the 'stained glass' 'attitude was considered artistic, but. all. that was ''never in it' compared with the daring and de licious British Museum poses of this fascinating dance. Mr. Warde (who was in. Australia, some years ago) got bis material in the Egyptian rooms at the Museum,- and he. has been able 'to create ? that rarity, an absolutely hovel pas de deux. The death is announced at bis residence. Col worth-road, Leytonstone, of Professor Pepper. The late professor was born at Westminster in 1821\. He was educated at King's College School, Strand. In 1840 he was assistant chemical lec turer at the Granger School of Medicine. From May 24 to June 25, 1847, be gave bis first lectures at- the Royal Polytechnic Institution, and in 1848 he was appointed analytical cnemist and lecturer on chemistry at the Royal Polytechnic. He afterwards became honorary director ot that in etitution. He improved Dirck's rough model, and rendered the exhibit ofc 'The G*host' (afterwards known as 'Pep'per's Ghost*')' a practical thing. The exhibit during the. first six months realised £12,000 at the old Royal Polytechnic. It was an underground arrangement or. mirrors, fixed at certain angles, which threw phantom representa tions of any figures posing before them, on the stage above, these figures possessing the primary qualification of ghosts that they could be walked through by solid actors without damage or dis turbance, ^he use of this illusion (says Mr. John Hollingshead in the 'Pall Mall Gazette') was the cause of more lawsuits on the vexed question of what is and what is not a stage play within the meaning of the act than any other quibble raised by our clumsy statute laws. The late Mr. Day, of Birmingham, and the present Mr. Charles Morton, of London, suffered, and the costs in both their cases were certainly not 'illu- sions.' The 'ghost walked' (to use a piece of theatrical slang) most substantially.- Professor Pepper was an honorary life member of the Insti tution of Civil Engineers, and a Fellow of the Chemical Society. While in Australia he was appointed public analyst to the Mayor and Cor poration of Brisbane, Queensland. A New York cable to the London 'Morning Leader' says: Some sensation' has been caused here by the developments of. a recent competition opened by the 'Evening Journal.' This was to decide which American lady possessed the finest collection of jewels. Competitors have them selves bees specially photographed wearing all their jewels. Miss Edna May .(the London Belle of New Yorkl so far claims eunremacv with a f 20,000 collection.' Other actresses having contest ed her claims regarding the value of her jewels, Miss Edna May has given the history of each. She declares that a conspicuous necklace is from a prospective duke -who is -a. suitor for her hand. Others are heirlooms of famous English families, one pearl bracelet in particular being historically famous. A magnificent brooch in the form of a crown is hinted to be a present from a member of the Royal Family. These revelations are the gos sip of the hour in New York society. The late Mr. Augustin Daly's library, which contained many valuable literary treasures, was sold in New York recently. A copy of the first folio of Shakspere brought 5400dol, stated to be a record price. Sir Henry Irving'e first week of the return en gagement in New York was sterile of enthusiasm, and there was a big loss to theatre ticket specu lators. Miss Ellen Terry was ill, and the public kept away. As Lawyer Hummel said: 'Ameri- cans want Terry mayonnaise with their Irving salad.' ? Speculators had consequently to sell tickets at quarter cost. Broadway was full of these gentry, and their frantic efforts to 'unload' their tickets was most amusing. Mr. Clement Scott, the theatrical critic, writing to Mr. T. P. O'Connor, proprietor of 'M.A.P.,' recently, says of the war: 'Our personal anxiety is hideous. I have two sons at the war — sons by a previous marriage to the sister of George du Maurier. The eldest, Captain Philip Scott, of the Army Service Corps, is locked up in Ladysmth, so bis brother Eric, who was an actor in Daly's f!r-m Tin nv in ti&vr; Yorlc_ volunteered to SO and relieve Ladysmith and help, to save his brother! He was accepted, and he has gone. My wife has two brothers, both .volunteers, at the front, so we pick up the paper every night and morning with trembling fingers.' M. Edniond Rostand's new play 'L'Aiglon' ('The Eaglet') has been produced in Paris, Mme. Sarah Bernhardt playing the principal character, the Duke of Reichstadt, ' King of Rome, and son of Napoleon the Great and Marie Louise of Aus tria, who took the child to her father's court. The play, which- deals with an episode in tiie career of the heir of the 'Man of Destiny,' has proved a great success, but the critics are divided as to ? its merits. Some say that it is much inferior to M. Rostand's other play, 'Cyrano de Bergerac,' others that it is its equal. All agree, however, that the genius of the divine Sarah has made the Duke of Reich stadt what Coquelin made the Gascon in 'Cy- rano'-^-a phenomenal portrayal. Mme. Bernhardt is nothing if not artistic, and it was from the picture of the Due de Reichstadt discovered by M. de Nolliac, which is on exhibition at Mar seilles, that she got 1st idea of the dress she wears in the character of L'Aiglon. This picture was painted in 1819 by the Viennese artist, KraSt. The Due de Reichstadt is represented standing with bared head in the Park of Schoenbrunn, and _ attired in a white costume. With regard to the title of the play, Victor Hugo's great poem tells us that: 'L'An- gleterre prit 1'aigle et l'Autriche l'aiglon' (England took the Eagle, Austria took the Eag!el), and M. Rostand evidently found hie inspiration tterefrom. Otojiro Kawakami, 'Japan's most distinguished actor,'-' and-Sada Yacco, the ''leading emotional actress of the Flowery Kingdom,' with their company of Japanese players from the Kawaka nu Theatre, Tokio, began an engagement at the Bijou Theatre, New York, recently. Sairoku, a Japanese version of 'T!he Merchant of Venice,' or, rather, of 'tihe Court-room scene from that play, was first presented. Some particulars of Mr. Kawakami'e unique and interesting' performance have already been given.. The Japanese-idea, ap parently, is that Shylock was a grasping old fish erman. His bond was three -square inches of flesh instead of a pound. ? . Mme. Yacco was a very pretty Portia, and her remarks to Mr. Kawakami as he is about to slice the three inches from the bountiful breast of Mr. Yamamoto had the same effect as in- the familiar version, for he put his knife back in his blouse and ground his teeth in stead of the blade. The next piece was called 'The Royalist,' and was devoted to the deeds of valor of a very strong gentleman who fought four hundred years. ago in the service of the Mikado of that day. . His sword-play was of a very vigor ous description. The sparks flew in all directions and the blows fell as though they were meant. In 'The Geisha and TheKnight,' the national dance of Japan was charmingly executed by Mme. Yacco. The weird music accompanying the sketch was not the least interesting' feature. The company ..is ultimately bound for the .Paris Exhibition, and may be expected to cross the Channel. Those attending the Passion Play at Oberam mergau this year will have more protection from the ram tnan formerly. The ola wooden play house has been demolished, and one of iron . ia being erected in 'its place. The new building will be roofed over, not open to the sky like its prede cessor, but it will be open towards the mountain and (he stage, so that the illusion will not be de stroyed. The new playhouse will accommodate 6000 persons. Many of the performers in the representation of 1890 will fill the. leading roles, and a committee will finally select the other players. Apropos of the play, Mr. A. De Burgh, in tiie 'Temple Magazine,' tells the following: 'The old parish records of Oberammergau con tain the following -history of tine Passion Play, which is performed in that small. Bavarian village every tenth year: 'In 1633 the pest (a particularly virulent plague) raged so fearfuiiy-that-in- the parish of Kohlgrub (only about eight miles from Oberammergau), there were only two couples left, and a man, named Caspar Schuehler, coming here to visit his wife and child, fell by the roadside and was. buried.. Froih 4hat . day to the Eve ©I SS, Simon an'd.Jude, a period of three weeks, 84 people diechof *he plague; accordingly, 18 in habitants vowed that once in 10 years they would present in living pictures the Passion of Jesus Christ. From that instant the plague ceased,, and thoso who were ill instantly recovered.' With two exceptions — the French... period, and different invasions of the Tyrolese — the vow has been faith fully observed every 10 years.' A glance at the list of artists performing at the various London halls, discloses the names of many who have ' appeared mainly, under Mr. Rickards's management in Australia. The Po luskie, Florrie West ('The Dazzler'), and the Haytors, are at -the Pavilion; the Kellinos, at the Tivoli; Horace Wheatley, Jae. Norrie, and Paul Pelham, ,at the Holborn; the Sisters Govell and Virto, at the Paragon; Tom Wootwell at the Hammersn£th; and Sillie Barlow and George Beauchamp, at the -Cambridge. TJhen there . are Fred. Millie, the ventriloquist, or, as he now' styles himself^ the .'polyphpnist,' at. the Hol born; the Selbinie and Frank Lawton, at the Ox ford; and Bella Penman, at the Pavilion.- 'Ada Reeve is back;in Flpradora. The Stanfields (Eva Clements and D'Arcy Stanfield) have' finished a provincial tour of twenty* weeks, and will aP year in a new Vaudeville, supported by Miss Ag -nes Thomas,, who, will be recollected as support ing Mr.. Dion Boucicault, sen., and afterwards as leading lady for 'The Finn.' A certain peace-at-any-price gentleman was, dis- cussing the war with a retired general. He was praising the Boer love of religion. 'Ah,' he said, 'they are good men! They: go into battle with the Bible in one hand and their rifle in the other.' 'Our men go one better, than that!'- said the man of war. 'They go into battle Tirith the Bible in their beads and their rifle in both hands!' 