WITH WHICH ARE INCORPORATED qeanbeyan Times, Bungendore Mirror & Captain's Flat Miner. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1900. THE year of 1900 will soon be numbered with the years of the past, and the dawn of a new century will be ushered in by loud sounds of acclamation as the last swing of the pendulum will silently denote the pass ing year, so that same swing will open the mysterious doors of the opening century. The century which will soon be of the past is a marked one, for the wonderful progress of the British Empire, the Union Jack, flies in the height of the glorious sun, and her colors are never lowered for the sun does not set upon the Red, White and Blue who can measure her length and her breath ? Who can imagine the greatness ? The nation has grown not only in popula tion but has acquired land at the rate of two acres a second, and all governed with laws which denote liberty, justice, and equitity. The opening of the new century will be the opening of great things for Australia and though Australia has advanced during the past 100 years yet on the first of Jan uary 1901 the trumpets will sound, and a blast will peal forth and voices will pro claim "Open sesame," and the pearly gates of Australia will reveal in our commonwealth market her golden fleece, her yellow gold her harvest fields and her sons and daughters bound together by a great com menwealth, underneath whose arches arise the grand motto, " One people, one destiny," and o'er ruley by one flag. But amidst all the rejoicings and glad shouts of triumph let us not forget that success does not depend upon the Nation alone but upon the God of Nations, and this Tribute will be ascribed unto Him who is the King of Kings and Lord of Lords, and as the new century will appear and the dawn of a Greater Australia arise thousands of voices will proclaim Praise God from whom all blessings flow, Praise Him all creatures here bellow, Praise Him above ye heavenly host, Praise Father, Son and Holy Ghost. Lest us as a Christian people then render unto the Most High God our note of Praise by meeting together in our different churches upon the last Sabbath of the year, to worship and to praise and to magnify His glorious name for the numberless bless ings He has bestowed upon us as a nation, as a people, and as individuals. And look ing back upon the century which is now almost past we see that the British Nation has advanced, not only in power and might, but along the path of justice and of truth, and has held within her hands the keys of Christendom, opening many foreign doors to the light of Christianity, and allowing her influence to be felt from pole to pole, from horizon to horizon. Let us all meet together, men and women of different de nomination in our own different churches, and praise the Loving God who has per formed such marvellous wonders for our Nation, and as we bow in prayer let our hearts cry out that God will bless our Nation, our Commonwealth and our People ; that the new century will be herald by the out-pouring of the Spirit of the Loving Gods the Land of Australasia - the land under the Southern Cross. 