[?] FOR THE 'SUNDAY TIMES.' . . By GEORGE BLACK . . AFTER a mild and moist Winter, Spring had come ia 'wfth a rilsh, arid Ihei^rass ?had seeded a month before its usual time. Therefore, in order tb save the fleeces, shearing had been early everywhere. It -was almost over. From the verandah of the Caledonian, at Hay, I had watched tor Irour^s, through a veil of yellow dust, the wool-laden drays sway past, with many a creak and whip-crack, to-wards the favorite camping-ground across the bridge. There wood and water were plentiful, and the bul locks might revel in the long lush grass of the river bend— under water only a few weeks ago. As for the bullock-punchers, after a din in the river and a '-doll-up,'' they would stroll into town to ses a bit of. life. . To-night they Tvmvld unbend .a, bit, for to-morrow they would bid a temporary larewell to civilisation and strike across the eighty-mile streteh of the Old Man Plain. Thef e wood and water were scarce, hotels infrequent, and -'life' impossible. So, for -the. time they revelled in their opportuni ties. I was mentally tracking, them on their ?weary way to Deniliquin, when it struck me ?that I had already accumulated as much loose freehold in my air-passages as was gocd for me. ?In the bar I met for the first time Jaime the Rambler 'and Sandy, his. Mate. ,. Other names they had none, so far as folks 'knew. Jamie had drifted from sea t to . the early Victorian diggings, and thence to shepherd ing, shearing, and dam-sinking in New 6outl£ Wales and Queensland. Twenty years ?before the date of our meeting, he had picked up Sandy, a raw Scotch lad, who had forsaken sheep-herding on the Lammer muirs to seek his fortune in Australia. Jamie, styled 'The Rambler' from his no madic propensities — always spoke of him as 'Sandy,' my Mate,' and by that name was lie known throughout the length and breadth of the Riverina. In unselfishness, sincerity, and duration their friendship ex celled that of David and ..Jonathan, .and their mateship had become proverbial. They had all things in common, and with them it was all-for-one and one-for-all, year in and year out. About twenty men, all station hands or their parasites, fronted the semi- circular ., counter of the old-fashioned bar. Every I man- Jack' was either singing or arguing ; ? all were -smoking ; some were also chewing; j and the reek was so pungent as to remind ; me of that' caused by the gardener iri the! green-house . ct home: in 'order to kill off. : troublesome insects. In a corner, at fuli : stretch, lay 'SaWy, my Mate,' his grizzled head pillowed on their collective swag. De spite the babel, he slept like an infant on its mother's breast, and never stirred, even when one of the eombatants in a fight be straddled 'his prostrate body. In the middle of the floor stood Jamie the Rambler, with epod like a Winter-apple by thirty Austra lian Summers, but with a ruddy streak in his suntanned .cheek, which was also rb miniscent of the pippins, and a glint in his keen eyes that resembled the reflection of ?the sun from ice. Jamie was in the talka tive and sentimental stage of his cups. As I entered, apostrophising 'the recumbent Sandy; he -was. delivering himself of Burns ?with considerable fire and a strong Scotch accent: — . .? ' ?See yonder poor, o'crla'bored-. wight, . ? So abject, mean, and vile,: Who begs a-;brdther of the- earth ? To give' him leave to toil ? Here he caught me gaping at him. and, striking an attitude,- said, grandiloquently : 'Son of Belial,, what, seekest thou ?' Whereupon, entering into his humor, I replied : . 'Drink, to slacken the flames in the bot tomless pit !' V' ''? ?---?-- -j To which his ready answer -was : 'Methinks, the Red Lion Brewery Tvould have been -your ??? cheapest -^market ?.!'?: .„-..??. .. Here he gripped me by the shoulder and dragged me towards the bar, through the crow/1, which Jiat: eagerly gathered round to follow repartee a '?'bit 'out- of -the -beaten track. We clinked- glasses, and from that day Were more than nodding acquaintances. Entertained by his 'flow of anecdote, dry ih-umor. and crabbed dialectics, I breasted the bar -long', chough to have two drinks ?with The Ram'nJer, and to discover that 'his I gaze was never off his sleeping mate for more than a minute at a time. As -we swallowed our second drink he shook hi3 head reflectively, and' said in a quiet way, 'I'm gaun,' and then walked over to Sandy, ?whom he pattod tenderly while he said in a penetrating tone : 'Sandy, my Mate, it's your watch on deck, I'm tfoinkin'.' With a. sleepy 'Yes, Jamie,' Sandy rosa heavily, and was scarcely on his feet ere his pipe -was cut of his waistcoat pocket and in his cheek. His 'baccy cut up, and the cutty drawing well, ha turned, to The Rambler and said, almost caressingly : 'Hae a doch-an-dorrish, Jamie ?' That' swallowed, and another sent after it, Jamie stagger©!, to. the corner and lay down in the place just- vacated by Sandy, who im mediately mounted guard. This extraordi nary method of k'nocking-down their cheques had been followed by the rnatea after every shearing for twenty years. It certainly ^secured them immunity from the depredations of the publicans and the many other thidves who, in those reckless days, looked on: the sheerer as their natural prey. Indeed, in the Riverina, lambing-down was regarded, by the civil authorities with a very Uenient 'eye, and it was not an uncommon thing to see 'sleepers upended'-' in broad daylight.-. Which is to say that drunken men were temporarily elevated in a perpen dieiilar position, but head downwards, in order that their money and other valuables ?might fall out of their pockets. But the bullies who performed the opgfttion - would have bitterly resented being~''styled pick pockets. . The. bar seemed quieter and also duller after The Rambler retired, for the Psalms of Pavid, Shakespeare, and Rabbie Burns at once obtained a well-merited interval ot rest, acd_ Sandy appeared to .feel that noth ing which he might offer could adequately fill their place. 'My Matew was a very quiet man ; so silent that when., you stood close y-9U mig-ht almost hear him think. The longest speech that fell from his lips during the time I spent in his company was ad dressed to 'Tiny' Triggs, the barman, who was chaffing the reticent Scot about a sup posititious stocking. 'You'll leave a good bit when you peter out, Sandy.?' said Tiny. 'Nae doot, nae doot,' slowly replied the Caledonian. 'Nae less than the hale warld !' If Sandy was quiet, he was al30 dan gerous. Shorter than Jamie, and built like ?a sawji-oft Hercules, he was hard as the ' nether mill-stone, and had a. wide reputa tion for dour obstinacy. Toughened pro bably by a strain of that Fictish blood which still circulates in the south-west corner of North Britain, you might have erected a castl-s on his chin, and been sure of a sound foundation. Therefore he was a bad man to quarrel with; one of the sort that cared not for upper-cuts, nor for knock-out hits, but who just bored in until he got. his grip. At such moments someone, who was not Jamie, was proae to go hurtling through space ere ' crashing disastrously to the ground. ; And sp even Tom Budd, driver of.. ?the Booligal coach, and. the conqueror of Billy Lord, the teamster, in a bloody four-, hours'- go, avoided him .'when out 'looking for .troiVble.' * When I entered 'the bar again some hours ?later, and just before closing time, Janie I was Avaking up Sandy for his 'night-cap'; j ?and half, an 'hour after both men lurched ? down the street. They were off to the'j water-sido nook, where Laddie, Sandy's collie, was' guarding their 'camp. As- they staggered along, Jamie about a yard ahead, he trolled out, not unmusically, between hiccoughs: — - We are nae fou, we're no that fou, But jtiist a wee drap in.oor e'e; The cock may 'craw, the .day may daw, But aye, we'll taste tiie barley-bree. Sandy, as was his wont, a little behind hand, chimed in with a trueness of note ?but unreliability of tune that gave to his contribution almost' the character of an echoing refrain. And thus they vanished from view. Five years later, when fishing on tha Murrnmbidgee a mile or so above Wagga, I met' the inseparables. They were camped in a bend of the river, on the concave side, down below the level of the banks, on a green flat formed by the river's deposits. Their camp,r in the .lee . of . a . big pile of .'brushwood, left, there. by many, floods, was well sheltered from tine-wintry winds: There Sandy, under the shelter of a good tent, .with a fly to . it, and over a hard- beaten, bag-covered floor, was endeavoring to nurse' poor Jamie, now. sadly broken up, back to life and health. ? ?? He had built a rude punt, and every day at dusk crossed and re-crossed the river with, lines, baited with meat and frogs, on which he hoped to snare the mighty Murray cod. All day long he sat and watched the lighter lines, pegged to the ground, which dangled from supple switches — stuck in the mud at the water's edge — whose agitation told Ihi-m when a bream, perch, or small coq was attracted by the green prawns with which his hooks were baited. In a corner, with boulders and slabs, he (had fenced off a pool, in 'which the fish were kept alive until he had enough to make profitable a visit to town. Then, usually on Tuesdays or Fri days, he struck out in the early morning across the flat towards the dusty road with a hundredweight or so of fish on his broad shoulders. Sometimes Jamie went with him, usually he stayed at home to look after the dinner and the lines ; and then had al ways an appetising meal ready for Sandy when he returned in the afternoon laden with beef, flour, tobacco, matches, Jamie's medicine, and a drop ofwhislcy — 'just to give Hum 'an appetite.' Th© Rambler was a done man apparently, but was talkative as ever, and it was touching to see the wistful eye with which Sandy regarded has much-loved mate end the resignation with which- the once fiery Scotchman submitted to' his coddling. . v ??'-*:' 1 Some years later I met them again, and for the last time. We were driving in a double-seated buggy towards Milparinka, and had got off the track. Every now and then wo pulled up while one of us stood on the seat and looked all around. It was a blazing hot day ; the ground was, bare of herbage as the rim of a cabbage-tree hat, and its whitey glare fairly scorched the eyes. The flies persistently pursued us., ana neither the green nets which encircled our ?hats nor the row of tiny corks which bobbed incessantly from the rim of the drivers served, to keep them out of our eyes and ears. We had just pulled up to haW a suck at the water-bag and reconnoitre when our driver, Bill Gorst, suddenly sung out : . , 'By the ; liyin' ghost, if there ain't a. camp among'She belar over there !' and:he pointed to a clump of trees that lay about I half a mile to our right.. ! 'In a second the horses were galloping, and inside a minute a great shout of 'My Mate !' went up from all hands as*; we rapidly neared the little grove. And the bU3hman's eye told true. For there sat Sandy, with his elbows on his knees and his face on his hands, while to hi3 rear — protected by a break-wind of branches and a calico awnihg — lay Jamie the Rambler, apparently sound asleep. It looked like old tiines--'one watching while the other slept — and so with cheery shouts of 'Hello, Sandy .'' and 'What ho ! Jamie !' we circled round them — our horses shying and snorting at the still figure which sat on with a still stoniness which was unnatural. As Bill drew rein I jumped down quickly, and gave Sandy a hearty buffet on :the shoulder, saying : 'What, sleeping on your watch, Sandy ?' The blow fell, vasit were, on. a mere sack of bones and skin, and then, as the in animate body rolled over with one or two uncouth gyrations and settled down beside the log, a great swarm of flies darkened the air, and a horrible effluvium smote our nos trils. Before we quite understood w!»y, we stood uncovered in the awful preseftie of unexpected Death. Sandy's little note-book had dropped to the ground where he sat. Its pages crackled like withered leaves as we turned them over. In it a brief entry— written appa rently just before the end— told their story, familiar enough in the back country. He wrote thus : 'Jamie had the gold fever bad, and it was no use., talking to him, so we left Wilcannia on. the Sunday after the Cup (about November 11 — it was now Deceni . ber 2) for Mount Brown. -We got on- all right till The Rambler went weak, and we were not making ten miles a day at . the finish. On the Saturday he wa3 light headed, and so I brought him into1 the timber and camped. I used to travel for water to the Beorie dam in the night, but Jamie died either on the Monday or Tuesday, and I am not fit to dig a grave. 'It is ten miles to water ; too far for me to crawl back and too far to stop away from Jamie. It won't be long now ; I'll wait here. Bury me alongside The Ram bler. I was his' 'Mate — SANDY.' . We wrapped them in their blankets and laid them side by side in a shallow grave, and over the loose soil threw the branches of Sandy's breakwind — trusting that the Coroner at a later date would give them Christian 'burial. As we drove away the sun was setting behind the clump of belars, whence a small bird piped for its belated mate. The few fleecy clouds which floated overhead, tinted with ever-changing hues, just then resembled an archipelago of amethysts floating on a turquoise tide. The panorama of the Heavens betokened nought but peace and rest, and we felt hopeful that even then it was well with Jamie the Rambler and the faithful soul whom he so fondly styled 'Sandy, My Mate.' ??.......- — GEORGE BLACK. ALL DAY LONG HE SAT WITH THE FISHING LINES. — See 'Mates to the last.' 