MUSICAL AND DRAMATIC NOTES. Aftor tho lapse oí nearly a wholo generation " IIoDry V." has at last boen staged again in London. Tho production of tho play by Mr. F. j lt. Benson, nt tho Lyceum Thoatro, anticipated I Slr. Georgo Riguold'a recent revival in Sydney by ! only ono week. Not rnoch is known in this part of tho world of tho new lessee at thc Lyetum. lie has, however, oonductcd for some years a provin- cial company, which has embraced in its reper- toire no fowor than i!2 Shakcsperiau plays, two by Sheridan, and one by Goldsmith. No less than oight of tho Shakcsperian plays, including " Henry V," have not been seen in London since 1879\. Tho presB notices on " Henry V." nro highly favourable The " Westminster Gazette " found " tho attack upon Harileur tho most effea tivo battle-sconn within our recollection," and says of Mr. F. It. Benson's Henry athat it was " curiously rioh in devotional sense and sugges- tion of majesty." Mr. Oscar Asho (of this city) was tho Pistol, Mr. Frank Rodney tho Exeter, Mr. G. ;K. Weir tho Flu.iUen, Mrs. Benson the Katherine, and Miss Kitty Loftus tho Boy, Thc part of Rumour was omitted. In tracing tho his-1 tory of tho play, the " Daily Telegraph " refers to Charles Kean's rovival at tho Trincess Theatre, London,,40 years ago, and adds that John Cole- man lost monoy by his rovival of tho historical play nt tho old Queon's Theatre in 18*0. Tho writer adds : " But tho only man who eeoms to havo derived wealth from ' Henry V.' is Georgo Rignold. With bis name tho character will evor bo associated. After Chatterton had failed at Drury L:ino, and Angstus Harris had oommonced what kind frionds prophesied would bo a disas- trous speculation, tho theatre was sublet for a short period in 1879, and it was then that the London playgoer saw Mr. Rignold's dashing and picturesque impersonation. Stanislaus Calhaem and Odell wore tho Fltiollon and Pistol, and it is diffioult to roaliso that moro than 20 years have passed away nineo (hon. Rignold adopted, with variations, tho version which Charles Calvert had performed at Manchester, and both ho and John Coleman hestowod great caro upon the battle tableaux." Mr. Kyrie Bellew only remained in Sydney until tho receipt of his letters by the English mail, and thon left for Queensland to look after monoy and mining mattors. Before his departure ho received u long budget of nows from Mis. Potter, who wrote from Draycot House, near Chippenham, tho Wiltshire seat of tho Princess Hatzt'oldt, whore sho had been slaying some time. It was from Drayoot Honso that Mrs. Potter visited Bath to recite " The Absent-minded Beggar," nud was (boro entertained by tho officers of tho Yeomanry Regiment. Ou Thursday, February 8, the distinguished nd ress drovo with tho Prin- cess Hatzfelds f J Curshum to pay a visit to Lady Methuen, who has a grand old houso there. Mr. Benson, who is now at tho Lyceum Theatre, wrote to Mrs. Potter, inviting her and Mr. Bellow to plBy '. Romeo and Juliet " at tho Memorial Thoatrc, Stratford-on-Avou, on April 23, during tho au Dual gathering in honour of Shakespeare, when travellers from all parts of tho world oongregato at tho poofs birth-place. Natu- rally the offer had to bo declined. Tho only other theatrical nows forwardod was that Mr. George Musgrove will probably engago Mr. Fran- çois Cellier, now conductor nt tho Savoy, to con- duct tho musio during his season nt tho Princess Tboatro some months hoace, and that Mr. Walter B. Spong will come out as scenic artist. Mr. ! Spoug is ono of tho finest scene painters Aus- tralia over had, his work being characterised by great delicacy of colouring, und his return hero would bo welcome. After leaving Draycot House, Mrs. Potter will visit ber sistor in Paris, and will then join a yachting party at Nico ou tho Clementine, owned by Mr. Davison Dalziel. After an absence of 10 years, Mr. Henry West- land, au actor well remembered hero as stago manager of tho Toole Company, arrived by tho India last week, spent livo days in Sydney, and sailed for England by tho same vessel on Wednes- day last. When Mr. Toole mado his debut at ¡ the Theatre Royal here on Juno 7, 1S90, Mr. Westland appeared both in " A Fool and His Money " and " lei on parlo Francais." Ho then played Major Rattan to Toolo's " Spriggius," j I and tho character actor mado another hit as Jem | Brass, the tipsy stoker in " Off tho Lino," in | which pieoo tho late Miss Eliza Johnstone was | Mrs. Coke. After his return to England Mr. West- ' land remained with Mr. Toole until that comedian i retired from tho stage, appearing with him for j the last time at Rochdale on December 4, 1893. | Mr. Westland bringa word that Mr. Toole still j suffern from depression and uorvo-failuro. It was ] widely rnmoored that tho famous comedian was \ badly oil', but so far from this being tho case he j is substantially well to do, sud passes bin time be- j ween his house in London and tho Old Ship Hotel j at Brighton, which has for years been bis favour- ' ito haunt. Mr. Toolo would gladly have nocom- j pauied his friend to Australia by tho India, but j not feeling equal to such n journey he sent kind messages to his many friends iu this part of tho world. Mr. Westland undertook tho voyago to recupéralo after tho breakdown caused by tho ! "ad death within » short space of lime both of I Iiis wife nnd only daughter. It was also his melancholy duty, a fow months back, to follow to tho gravo that good old actress Miss Eliza Johnstone (tunt of Mies Henrietta Watson), tho only other momber of Mr. Toolo's company bs fide himself who accompanied tho famous come- dian on his lour of tho United States 22 years ago. Mr. Westland, indeed, established a theatrical rcoord, for bo joined Mr. Toole on bis first star- ring tour, and romaiued with him uutil his last, n period of 20 years. Mr. Westland was so pleased with his little visit to Sydney that ho hopns to return hero later on aud resumo activo work on tho Australian stage. Miss Nacl Novillo Griffiths, who, after ac quiring n littla Brags oxperienco in Australis with tho Knight-Forrar Company, went to En", laud with ItiBS Ada Ferrar ut tho close of th« tour, entered tho Royal Academy of Mu»ic ]ae¡ September. Tho young Australian's principal Htudy ÍB singing, under Mr. Fred. Walker, and she was accordingly amongst thoso chosen by i Sir Alexander Mackenzie to assist tho churns at tho Imperial concert which ho coiidncled at tho Royal Albert Hull on February 7. Details I of this groat concert, which was in aid of tho widows and orphans of her Majesty's colonial ¡forcea in South Africa, have ali carly been pub. lished. Tho chitf choral event was tho rendering of tho " l'rocessiou of tho Colonies," by SOO voices, supported by a great orchestra and the drummers of tho Grenadier and Scots GiiBrda. (Miss G ninths adds that Miss Ada Ferrar, who has had sovoral otters siuou her return, shortly maid's her reappearance on tho English stafro with Mr. Henson's Shakcsperiau Company nt tho Ly. ooum Theatre. After that, Miss Ferrar joins Mr. ¡ Jehu Hare's company, (irrt in the provinces, and then throughout his long tour of tho United i States. Tho "Gay Lord Qvtcx " will baths (only piece performed, and in this Mis» Ferwr will play tho purt of the Duchess of Stroud, rendered , in London by Miss Fortescue, and in Australia with tho Brough company by Miss Emma Temple. Mrs. Maesmoro Morris must be accounted a fortunato woman. Tho Australian beauty, actress, after barely six months' residence ia Euglnud, exchanged from a provincial company to tho St. Janice's Thculrc, where, on its re- opening, sho plnyed a minor part. Now, only throo weeks later, tho following apptjrs in a lending Loudon daily :-" livoryous will regret to bear of tho illness of that channing actress, Miss Fay Davis, who throughout- the week has been doburrod from playing hor part of Flavia io " Rupert of Hcntziu." Fortunately, an ndrair able substitute has been found in Mr», lines, moro Morris, who looks ovory inch a queen, CFC: of a country so famous for its lovely women a: j Rnritania. Mr. Chirles Holloway's second dramatic oom. pany has recently visited Charters Towers, when " A Soldier and a Man " has been played with Messrs. Inman, Stanford, Hawthorn, Carden Wilson, and other nrtists in the cast. Miss Roxy Barloo is leading lady, and Mr. Walter Baynham -who originally produced many of the burlesques at the L indon Gaiety Theatre, whence ho cunio to thia country-is stage-manager. Tho reper- toire, which includes aho "The Power and tie Glory," " Our Nativo Homo," " Man's Eueray," and " Our Guardian Angol," will now occapy tho company, which is under Mr. .Too St. Clair's busi- ness direction, at Townsville, Rockhampton, and Maryborough. At Laster tho company will open in Newcastle. Mr. Alfrod Hill's new opera " Lady Dolly," to bo produced for tho first time upon any etago next Saturday at the Palace Theatre, is tba second of three composed by bira. As is gene- rally known the rights of his Maori open, " Hinemoa," have been purchased hy Mr. j. C. Williamson. 'Ibo libretto of " Lady Dolly," which is by Mrs. Marjorie Browne, will probably place tho woik in the romantic category, Thera is a bright Amerionu girl engaged to an English duke, stress is laid upon a ghost legend which greatly alu rms tho duke's sister (Lady Dolly), and there is a love intrigue, ia which tho sinister iniluoneo of a Spanish mesmerist-whom wo shall expect to see in cloak of inky blackness and a hugo sombrero-makes itself felt. Tho libretto was written for Mr. Hill about two years ago, and ho composed tho musio in one month. Hi« aim has been to present pleasing music which I skull at tho same limo preservo tho individuality I of tho diiforont characters, and without labouring [ nt elaboration of musical effect, he has addressed himself especially to the ensemblo and choral work. Tho rehearsals of " Lady Dolly," in which the Sydney Liedertafel furnishes a strong chorus and some of tho principal.', uro now fat advanced. In connection with the Paris Exhibition, M. Pare* tho bandmaster of tho Kcpublican Guards, propose] to constitute a vost orchestra tiumboring tome tout thousand oxecutants, and composed of military band! ann of the bands of the various private musical socie- ties. This giant orchestra is to be massed ou tbs nen bridge over tho Seine, tho Pout Alexandro III., which connects the central portion of the exhibition rounds ou either siilo of tho river. It will play twics a mouth, from 9 to ll in tho evouing. A special feature of the band will he a groat number of trura> pots-,nt least -1U0 is thc ligure proposod. Mme. Melba, Mine. Ifecion, the French mezzo soprano, nncl Tama^no, the great Italian tenor, were til appearing at the Monte Carlo Opera IIouii last month. _ 