A Transraal Trading Store. In a small curve off the main road stands a long, low, galvanised iron building with a broad steep and an overhanging verandah. Behind it is a narrow stretch of cultivated land, hem med in by a sod wall, and back of all1 a small cluster of young eucalyptus trees. The blating sun beats down on the iron roof with a fierceness to which the galvanised sheets lend still greater -intenalsity, and the blankets, clothing, and other goods in the store still fur ther aid; and the atmosphere in the shop can best be described by the re mark made in the writer's hearing by an intelligent but irreligious traveller, that "a man who could live in a Trans vaal store would freeze to death in hell." But the trader does not mind this or if he does he doesn't say so Dressed in a pair of trousers, a light pair of shoes, and a flannel shirt he reclines on a con venient part of the counter, and with the aid of his pipe passes the time until a customer arrives. Should the cus tomer be a white man, the storekeeper and he will as a rule retire into the little side room for a few minutes, and a bottle and a couple of glasses will be produced. Should he, on the other hand, be a nigget) the trader will glance at him casually, and, without moving, will ask him what he wants. He does this because Kaffirs often want something which they know the store keeper has not got. The Kaffir is gre ga.ious, and likes to have a chat, es pecially with a white man. When such is the case the trader can tell the nigger to be off, without disturbing himself in any way. This, of Bourse, saves trouble. The shelves in the back of the shop are piled up with gaudy blan kets, clothing of all descriptions, tinned goods, clocks and vases, cheap "jewel ry," and various other commodities. Below these shelves are the bins where the sugar, flour, meal, coffee, etc., are kept, On one side are the small shelves where the patent medicines stand. This is the most important branch in the Transvaal up-country trade, and the trader as a rule acts as medical ad viser to the whole neighbourhood. The average Boer takes more medicne than the worst hypochondriac in any other part of the world. This is owing to in digestion. The Boer is. patient and long-suffering, in some respects, but when it comes to a case of sickness he is in a hurry. He wants to get right at once, and so he will go to the store, and, acting on the advice of the-trader, ,will purchase a remedy. When he finds in a couple of days that the medi cine has not cured him he immediately jumps to the conclusion. that it is no good. He will then go, and, relying on his own judgment, will purchase some other medicine and start in on that At the same time, if he gets the chance, he will jump a sample of some thing else to have a go at when he has got tired of the other. How on earth he keeps alive is a mystery. It must be that the climate saves him. I can't ac count for it in any other way. Outside the store, on the stoep, are the agricultural implements, ploughs, hatrows, new American inventions of all sizes and descriptions that are too big or too heavy to be easily carried away, and at all hours of the day, from early morn until sunset, you will find a nig ger attired in a soldier's old red coat seated on one of these articles. .Where this darkey comes from is a puzzle. During a long acquaintance witu the Transvaal I have never arrived at a store without encountering one of these objects on the stoep. In fact, I used to look for him, and an one occasion won a. substantial stake. by betting with a companion that we would find a Skaffir in a soldier's coat at the three first stores we arrived at. He, of course, lost the bet, and being a .newcomer, seemed at first to think that I had had some hand in having these people there, but he has long since grown wiser, and knows by this that the "soldier kaflir" is as much an adjunct of the Transvaal trading store as a ghost is of a respect able English castle, the only di'rence being that the former is much more in evidence. As the sun goes down and the evening closes in the storekeeper will come outside and will watch the change; after which he will retire into his small bed-room, and his "boy" will bring him in his supper. He will eat this, and then light his pipe and turn into bed; another half-hour will see the light die out in his window, and the house given over to sleep. At the first break of dawn he will bd awakened by the boy bringing him his coffee, and he I will then get up, unlock the doors, and prepare for another day. It is not a cheerful life, but to the men who lead it it has a strange fascination, and "once a-Boer trader always a Boer trader" is a stock saying in the Trans vaal.-Ormond Lodge, in "Lloyd's 4\. eekly Newspaper." 