Smartness of Fish. Numerous facts prove in a vague way the ability of fishes to profit by experi ence and fit their behaviour to situationas unprovided for by their innate nervous equipment. AH the phenomena’ shown by r fifties as the result of taming, arc, of 'course, of this sort, but each facts bay© not been exact s enOugh,'.says an authority, to make clear mental or iiervbus process'es ‘nvohW i in swell behaviour, or simple enough to be 1 • a viable as demonstrations of such pro | cesses. Experiments .trere;;;.’ therefore,, I made with the object of solving ; the nvo | biera., . , ; t _ " " i Eor the purpose, the common funduluj 'was chosen, and the fish; was kept in an -aquarium;. The space on one end wa* i shaded if rom the Sira by a cover, and' -ai’ food was dropped in at this end. Along each side of the aquarium were fastened pairs of cleats, allowing the experimenter I tb, put acrois it .partitions 6t wood, glass j‘or wire screening. ' ' : " I .:These partitions wore--made each witli an opening at so'nH» jfart, and then *mc ex; ; periments v wcre begun; ' 1 When the fish was earned to leave a,-shady concr and swim - up. the sunny end, by putting the slide without any opening in behin-i hini and moving it. gently .up-towards tlie for ward eild- the opportunity irks given for observing the animalV behaviour ‘to good rrr~-rr ■ -■ — - -—- • Ibis fish disliked the sunlight /.ml -tried,, d* go Lack to 'the shaded portion. He swam against the screen. Inimping against it here and there along the hottoir ; occa sionally lie stopped and remained sin. 1 for awhile. ►Sometimes he w >u!d rise up "to- i ward the top of tlie water..’esp'eclU r, y wbile swimming up and down the' length *of the screen. The screen used in thfir^./experi ment was cut away slightly at tlv upper Tomer se-ns to leave an r.pening, jo. that! the Hide<?omewhat resend)!ed a Jet*c' with 1 a postage stamp oh it. the postage stamp i £ presenting the .aperture. ‘ ! s After the'fish had, been experimented hpon six or eight times a day it war found /he swam against (lie screen much less fre-’ quemly. He swam up and; down ji it wer anddewer diiues' filially, his i.n!y act wan to go to the right hand side, use up and'swim out. The fish had clearly profiled | by In's exjjerience. arid modified his conduct to suit l>is situation, for-, which, his innate nervous tern p.sram out; (ltd , not provide. He had, in common language, j leamt'lo get out. ’ '> ~ | Under the title ‘‘Brain and Body : The Nervous System.iri .Social Life/' (London: .Tames Bowden). Hr. Andrew Wils-m has collected a number of articles on a vari ety of interesting and imp otent subjects. “Brain ceils and nerve cells,” “'Die ner ve u? system and r-mno of its wavs,” “Tile health of (ho nervous system and Low to preserve it,” “Inheritance, the war power, mesmerism, and ghost-seeing,” and “fsorne nervous ills ami *their remedies ' are among Ihe topics dealt will.', and * 1 1 ».-y ar". treated of in a nopular and even r Perta'ic ing manner. Hr. Wilson’s little volume contains a great deal of valuable informa tion and sound advice. Father .Simpkins and ids wife arose with the sun one morning to discover that pan of the waslting that had been hanging out overnight was missing from the lines. Si las. I jes’ know it’s the work o’ them t minis that passed here. Is o, it wasn’t them, Handy, replied the old fanner, with a knowing shake of his head. If it had been done by tramps they tyouldn’t have took r.o towels. 