Circuit News. Wagga Wagga— Rev. F. Duesbury. It was a happy inspiration which this year set apart the Rev. Moy Ling as Foreign Mis sionary Deputation to the Eiverina district. His visit among us has been marked by great spiritual blessing, and from the moment he arrived here his countrymen helped him in every possible way. They met him at the station, and never lost sight o£ him for many hours at a time. Their pride in their old teacher was unbounded, and they may well look up to him, for he is a man of wonderfully Christly spirit, and is held in very high esteem here. Seldom has a visitor left behind such blessed memories. The services were all largely attended ; on Sunday and Monday many from other churches being present, in cluding a goodly number of Chinese. The collections are the highest for many years. The missioner touched the hearts of all hearers when he described his own conversion, 37 years ago, under California Taylor's preaching. Mr. Moy Ling's own children are an honour to him. His eldest son has matriculated at the Melbourne University, and his eldest daughter has been a State School teacher for ten years. There are several young Chinese Christians in business here, aud these arranged a compli mentary social in honour of their countryman, to which they invited 70 Wesleyans and Presbyterians. This was held in our School hall. The provisions were abundant and of the best. Our young ladies set the tables very prettily, and we hail a good time at tea, with Chinese stewards. But the crowning service was in the evening, when two bright young Chinese presented themselves for Christian baptism in our church. On either side of the platform hung two Gospel texts in Chinese characters : ' Sir, we would see Jesus,' and ' Come over and help us.' They were sent to us from China by Percy Ambler. When the two young men knelt at the communion-rail, and after prayer and questions in Chinese by the missionary, the minister of the church baptised them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, we all felt it was good to be there. Joseph Choy and William Timothy O'Nin were then p: cfented ?with English Bibles. Several school classes have been commenced for the Chinese, the Presbyterian friends uniting with us in this work. Some of the scholars can read and write fairly. Last evening, in the Parsonage dining- room, a class of five young Chinese was busily engaged in lessons in reading, writing, geography, &c.; We pray that God may bless this work abundantly. Junee.— -Rev. H. Pennington. The Foreign Missionary Deputation for this circuit was the Rev. J. Moy Ling, of Carlton, Victoria. On Sunday the 19th inst. he con ducted three services, and on the three follow ing nights delivered addresser) and the t ervices and meetings were largely attended. Air. Moy Ling's sermons and addi esses were much appreciated, and should he again visit th's circuit he may reckon on overflowing audiences and substantial contributions to the cause of Missions. In his addresses the speaker referred with telling effect to his conversion and call to the Ministry, and then dwelt at some length on his work among the Chinese in Victoria, and in other parts of this country. He a'so spoke of the present state of affairs in China, its people, customs and religion ; closing his addresses with tender and earnest appeals for funds to end the Gospel to the heathen. On the Satur day, Mr. Mny Ling and the Superintendent o£ the circu.t visited a Chinese camp for the purpose of inviting the Chinese to the services. Several of these men came both o the Sabbath and week^evening, and before Mr. Moy Ling left the town anangements were made for teaching them to read and write, and to afford them instruction in religion. They have already attended the church on two occasions since, and have shown themselves to be most eager to learn anything we are willing to teach them, Wollongong (Bulli).— Rev. J. Gardiner and W. J. Willard. The Wesley an Church was the scene of a very pretty wedding on Wednesday, Aug. 22nd when Mr. J. C. Dew, eldest son of Mr. and Mrs. Dew was united in the holy bonds of matrimony to Miss Emmie Hangaard, second daughter of Mr. and Mr . J. Tlangaard. The Rev. W. G. Willard was the officiating minister. The bride was attended by two bridesmaids — Miss Lily Dew and Miss Lena Hangaard. Mr. William Dew, junr. was best man. The church was handsomely decorated by members of the Christian Endeavour Society, of which the bride and bridegoom are memlx-rs, assisted by Mrs. Willard and Mrs. Adey, who superintended the decorations. When the bridal party entered the church the choir sang ' The Voice that breathed o'er Eden after the ceremony the ' Wedding March' was played by Mrs. Willard. As the bride and bridegroom walked down the aisle after the ceremony they were preceded by little girls of the Sunday School who strewed the way with rose leaves. The church was crowded with friends of the bride and bridegroom, as was also the railway station when the happy couple left by the afternoon train for Sydney. Hawkesbury. — The Hawkesbury circuit is endeavouring to raise the £250, the amount first decided upon for the Century Thanksgiving Fund. Meet ings have recently been held at Lower Portland, Lower Hawkesbury, and St. Alban's. Tlie Rev. J. Woodhouse and Mr. J. Parker of Sydney acted as . clerical and lay deputation, and rendered very valuable service to the movement. Mr. Woodhouse is always a welcome visitor, and his speeches weie just the kind to touch the springs of liberality of the Hawkesbury Methodists. This effort has raised the promises up to nearly £200. Neai ly 10U guineas has now been promised towards a new church, which it is proposed tj build at St, Alban's. Our Roll signing effort, when we hope to have Rev. Bavin wiih us, will, it is expected, carry us on to final victory. Brushgrove and Ulmarra. — Rev. W. Hy. Howard. At our last quarterly meeting it was found we had a shortage on the year of £40. It was resolved that a committee be appointed to devise a way of clearing off this amount. The com mittee resolved to ask each congregation to raise the sum apportioned to it. The 'Ulmarra congregation has raised in cash more than the sum asked for. This we believe is the best and most scriptural way ; Brushgrove follows with a basket social, the other places in turn will do their part. Rev. W. H. Howard is giv ing lantern entertainments on ' China ' a place that is now attracting a good deal of attention, the proceeds will help to lessen our deficiency. 