THE THEATRES. Whereabouts. McADOO'S Georgia Minstrels are at Newcastle,' New South Wales.. Miss Kate Howarde's Opera Company is on tour in Queensland. Mr Kyrle Bellew has gone to Queensland to recuperate bis health on a station. The Helbinis are appearing.at the Bedford Palace of Varieties, England. La. Belle Rose, formerly a member of Fitz gerald's .circus in Melbourne, is at the London Tivoli. Miss Beryl Faber is appearing in Mrs Patrick Campbell's production ol.Mayda in London. Miss Hilda Spong is appearing-in. When. We Were Twenty- One, at the Knicker bocker Theatre, New. York. Mr H. J. Carvill is ai Wyndham's Theatre, London. Miss Olga Nethersole is appealing in Sajpliho at" Wallaclc's, New York. Miss Beatrice Ferrar is,appearing iii She. Stoopa to Conq uer at the Haymarket'Theatre, London. The Maggie'Moore Boberts Company are producing The Silence of Bean Muitland at the California Theatre, San Francisco. George Woods, "thesomewhat different comedian," and his wife, Marian Ainsworth, are very successful in New York. Hamilton Hill is in'Chicago. The Englishes are at two halls nightly in New York. The Durhams are at the Middlesex music hall, London. Harry Cngill is in San Francisco, engaging artists for Australia. The Poluski Brothers are at the New Cross Empire, London. Miss Irene Vanbrughis anjj»«*4*g4HxcMcnci/ the Governor at the Prinee'op Wog^S^lheatre, London. Hyland's Circhs at lafte&t;^^vas^tf^OSiWehawk.. Mr. George Dean is atngi io^j/atviqtic sahgsc- wrfch Rowley's Waxworks company at fth^MasQMl& HaTMEt^rh^igo. Miss Alma Stanley, - who in M^b^rneV^tb Harry Paulton, is appearing \n ±Qinderclli^fat ujtfYPrince's Theatre, Manchester. Violet LudlowJ is"-«ery suc cessful on .. tour in' the Bqglisl^-proving^at^"'/ladame ' Melba, at latest, was appearing^ 'II/£raviafa.$t Monte .Carlo. The Carl -Rosa Opera Gt5mpai.y.,ai*e producing Spinfelli's Basso Porto at Brighton, England ; Mr. Arthur - Deane is in the cast. Mr. Will Barnes, the Melbourne: artist, who is atpreserit very successful in New York'*as a poster artist and designer for many of the leading theatrical managers, has been offered a position in London. He has not yet decided whether ho will accept it. Miss -Florence. Gx-aupner is very ill in a private hospitalin-Germany. Her father and mother shortly leave Melbourne to bring her home. McAdoo's Jubilee Singers open in Hobart next Monday. Miss Ada Reeve has resumed her old part in Florodora at the Lyric Theatre, London. Afagda was produced to a very large audience at Newcastle, New South Wales, on Saturday night. The Paul Martinetti troupe of panto- . mime artists arrive in Sydney to-morrow. \- Bendigo. Rowley's waxworks have been drawing good houses at the Masonic Hall. There are some excellent military groups, while the celebratefl personages.includeiKruger, Cecil Rhodes, vJoseph . Chamberlain, Lord Roberts, and many others. * i-m. ; TheElectroscope drew a very 'large audience to the lloyal Princess Theatre last night. Some very good pictures of the Boer war were shown as'well as scenes of life in Japan. 'Sydney. The final production of Youth will be given at Her Majesty'son Friday night, and.on Saturday Miss Nance. O'Neill will make her reappearance, when Camilla will be staged. . Lfl&t; "Sdturlcldy Vijjght, /I/cidy J)dily ' a ' new opera) by Alfred "Hill- and -Marjb^ei-Bfown'e'Av^sViaiwlu'oe'd (for the first 'tinie. 'arid Vwi's ' very .'?sudpeasful, ? The -^principal oharaoters'Avetfe 'represented by .:'Miss Be^th'd ''Caldwell, ^lisS'Hetti'e'Holr'o'yS.y'Miss .'Mabel (-Hastings, Miss Amy Creer,;'Mr.aikexyln,nd ?B£r. W. D.iLaughlin, At the'Theatre»R6ydl on Mpnclay ;riight,':the:Brotighs opened for a short season,; when 'Louis N. -Parker's1 four act comedy,^'he Hci-pjry Lifd yvtia'-pvodaced.. '-There was a very large audience, andv the performance was most successful. - .A- new ...progmiturie "Hvag ' presentod by Mr. Harry ivickards' Coihpaiiy at the Criterion on Saturday night. Mr. Liidwig Amann impersonated more celebrities, uicluding General Joiibert, arid Spry and Austin were very successful'iiitheir 'slat Rustic lieveltt. The other artists who appeared were the Mintons, Miss Neva Carr Glynn, Miss Franoes Acller, Mr. Ghdrles Coglll, Fanny powers, Mr. Tod" Callaway, Mr. D. H. Gaston, Miss I' lorrie Ranger,- and thevMacarte Sisters; Brisbane. ' Mr William Anderson's Dramatia Company .last week produoecl Qn _ Active- Service to'large audiences. The pieoe, which'is a naval one, presents abundant facilities |°i" ..Sensation ' and elaborate mounting, which woro tully availed.of. - The humor was sustained by Mr Bert Bailey,,while-Miss Eugenie Duggan onaoted tho role of heroine, . Next Saturday <night, Two ? Little .Drummer Boys w.ill be staged. ? ...... MotVdoo's. .Georgia Minstrels oommenoed a farewell soason at.the .Opara House'last Tuesday night. Next Wednesday evening; the Brisbane Amateur Opevn,tlo f^oolety , will- stage*Lett '??Oloohett . tie Corneville, under the.musloal oonduotorship of. Signor Truda. IhO'Brisbano Liedertafel will give a conoort in the L-ontonnial Hall on ApHl^l'l. Among- the artists .will bp MrsiGilbert Wilson and Miss .Marie Narelle/tKopopillar ?Sydney soprano. 1 rii, , , A'delaide, sent ° ai'Q,no ^10ws ~0?' any importance hero at '.pre Tasmania. . Miss Elsie l-Iall, tha talonted Queensland T ... °' as been,giving..,'very, successful recitals here. i^-Ar^S^^P^^^phaei'8 Piintomlmo1, .Company. have . 7?nw n;S 8994 ess 'at tho 'Aoademy :o E; Musio'.wi tli; nifriJf ft''-Ph® . season 'oonoludod' lcCflt Saturday "ight with tho production of Maritava. New Zealand. DUNBDIN.-Mi' W.Uter Bentley's Company opened at tho Princess Theatre last Monday with The Silver King. The Bella, Hamlet, Duoid Gar rick, A .House of Mystery, and The Lady of Lyons will bo produce! on' successive nights. . CiinisTCHUiicn.-Hev. C'.iarles' Clark is lecturing to vary large audiences here. ' J WELLINGTON.-Bland Holfc'is'doing wonderful business icwith The Absent- Minded Beyyar. ' ? Fitzgeralds' circus opened lieire last week and has been very successful. Princess's. Little lieel Hilling Hood with its spectacular magnifi cence, its'bright music, its pretty dninoes and its wealth of colour, not forgetting the gay and festive beauties whose constant endeavour is to look nioe-and they succeed admirably-will be -withdrawn next Saturday night. The announcement of the last nights has attraoled immense audiences during the week. Indeed, many were turned, away on Saturday afternoon and evening,'not even standing room being available. The last matinse will be given next Saturday. Theatre Royal. . 1(7ten the I-,«uq)x Arc JJyhted seems to be suited to the requirements of the popular taste, judging by the very large audiences thathave witnessed the piece during the week. Of course in this prosaic world Ar-t is a secon-. clary consideration when t'je box-office is conaerned, and in this the Theatre Hoyal management differ in no way' from the greater part of the profession. The -piece has now settled down to a smooth run. The incidents that may have'appcared too highly colored on the opening night - have been'toned down somewhat which of course considsjvably adds to the efficiency of both the piece and its delineators? The humors of-Dan Rafferty, the show man, as portrayed by Mr. Sheridan have, if anything, ? increased in vitality, and the rollicking fun with which he imbues the part keeps the audience in a continual ripple of laughter. The same may be said of Miss : Gmcio Whiteford in a less degree, whose pert ways and maternai'anxiety for her chubby offspring are a source of great amusement to the audience and the offspring : himself, who seems to thoroughly enjoy it. As Frank Amory, the usual type of manly young lover, Mr. Fred-Sinclair appears to be in his:element,-while Miss Maud'Denny as Ruth acts in a'nioSt realistic manner in some of her- scenes with Paul AVielfind (Mr. J. -O. , Willa,rclj and .the villain .(Mr. J. Ennis). As Loo Endetby, Miss Celia Mavis never fails to'score;'her actingilifting , the part from a'-very minor place, while the'Jim Radley of Mr. Leon Roche, and Beauty th'e Dwarf, as-repre-; sented by Mr. Frank Weathersby are two goodoliaraoter; ntiuliea which aid in the general effect of the piece. The j staging and scenery are excollent. | Alexandra Theatre. . j The popular Alfred Dampier made hislastappearance; on Frida^arfe+rt*^md the enthusiastic reception which he j obraine^rwfiaat^l^^iUe of the esteem in whioh he is"held; by Hamlet was the piece chosen, I and ifSvas i\ for the oboasion. The large! audien^fexp^sed^mwVapproved of Mr. Dampier's j roiidoiinHipf tlre^nrt mpiauncertain manner, and the; rop0at-itop 1 aifsa ;.tha\ v q e t e d the actor at the end of j every s eo\ mas jWformanae almost a "triumphal; progressive th<rg^eoO;,-fliss Katherine Russell was voiy succ%3gH\vas were* also Miss Rose Dampier as' Ophelia, M)^m'tttt^lld)oTOy as;tho Ghost, Mr.'.John; Fordo as PoRmfcaL(VPjtlr his nasal acoent a little less; pronounced), ancT~~tuv.*TrIoward Smith as Horatio', while Mr Alfred Rolfe as Laertqs gave a vory spirlte'd rericlerlng' of his part. On the fall'of the' curtain the oompaniy were' ro-called, but Mr, Dampier, with, his usual modesty/ forbore to make a spoech. .Robbery Under Arms will-bp! the opening iirodrictlon, at the Criterion Theatre,' Sydney, where a season'will be .inaugurated'-on J2aster[ Saturday.' ? . ?' ; Bijou. Theie was a very largo aildienoo at the Bijon Theatre! on Saturday iiight when another splendid change of pro-: gramme was presented. Miss Irone'Franklin, the.bright' little American artiste, has already . beoome - a 'great' popular., favorite, 'her "turn ?«v.-bolnt? ..'..*>*» tVm*' n « Hcnl'j/'i applauded, as it deserves; to-ljo.-v'THe j-NrnvskyriVatnily appear in new;aongs and . dances';.wliioh sorvoNto'ftooon tuato the novelty-of thtilrt'tiirn, ?and "Mr. vOharlos^SefclMs as amusing as ever in his 'droll songs nncV humorous patter. The rest of the artists iuclude Mr. James .: Bain, Miss Hettie Tansley, Mr. Will Whitburn, Miss Maud ;Needham,; Misi?Blanche Wilmott, 'Mr. Wallace Kingj VMi$s ; Alma Gray, ancl Professor Davys. Next Saturday night, tliq Maoarte Slaters, " exponents .of eqnipose," will make a reappearance. The matinee every Wednesday is well attended. 