WISE ASP OTHERWISE. Ever since Sir Henry "Wotton was sent as araoassarlor to the King ot Iiobemia. "to abroad," as be wittily called it, diplo macy has steadily augmented its reputation, until it is now by universal consent reeaxd- as the most picturesque calling under the sun. Bismarck showed a pretty talent in what he styled the "art of saying nothing m an infinite number of words." and has Jeff some amusing stories in his memoirs. One about Count Thun. the Austrian diplo mat. is typical of the entire group. Thun once received a despatch in which he was instructed to maintain the best relations T'. ' Prussia. A second despatch followed, at the same-time instructing him to observe an exactly opposite course. He gave Bis marck the second one to read by mistake. r. Jseyds, the Boer ambassador to France and Germany, has perhaps not given him self away quite so clumsily as Thun. Never theless, he has supplied plenty of evidence of iPeCU,'ar "tness fr diplomacv, and if nothing happens to him. he should reach undreamt of altitudes. It was thought at one time that lyddite would he the most startling and deadly agency in the war. But J-eydism is outpacing it, and when that oid rascal Kruger predicted that a South Afri can war would "stagger humanity," he muxt have had the potentialities of Levdisin in Ins mind's eye. Mr. Stead was also intended by nature for diplomacy; he possesses such a vivid im agination. He lias just been attempting to blanch the cheeks of Londoners by writing to the newspapers to prove that the grand IV - might any day, in the absence of ,, tunnel fleet, be at the mercy of a superior Jameson raid" bv 60,000 French men. Of course he has only been laughed at for his pains, and told that he easily out shines all other alarmists. Such nonsense as he -writes may compete with ghost stories n£ Christmas, hut it has nothing to do with the serious affairs on which the nation is ever occupied The "Times" is a good second to Air. Stead, and the Thunderer's alarm- tet articles are quite pathetic. When Mc- L,,e,!LKOt h,s first check on the Modder, the Times" demanded the instant armhig mnn - T,ation- and when Buffer lost 1000 men in attempting to cross the Tu-cia we are told that the Empire was in danget, that every Briton and colonist should he called to arms, and the navy mobilised. In short, that the sun was about to set on the Empire And all because a few thousand men had been put out of action after some skirmishes with the 'enemy! „ Military camps are nowadays open to the of the world. Telephone and tele graph wires are laid on to tiie very tent of the conimander in chief, and hence all the hysteria and mischief. Ale-ages are trans mitted even- hour detailing the most triflmg events, and the British public is r, f /I P? vely' morning at its break fast table of what happened yesterday at the front. If a general takes a drink or sneezes, the LoDdon public is informed of the fact half an hour afterwards and re joices accordingly, while it is harrowed to the bone by narratives of what are called veritable infernos" by too imaginative war correspondents, who witness a few regi ments going to action, and actually see a score or so of men killed. If such a com motion is raised now, what will happ»n when the war really gets going, a "'o Beers are caught in the open and the slaughter begins? For surely no one is so foolish as to imagine that war is a game that can be played without loss of life. The French and Kussians, at the battle of Borodino, lost /0.000 men in a single day, and in the Itussian campaign Napoleon flung away the lives of 500,000 soldiers. And yet the French afterwards met the, armies of Europe at Leipsie and at Waterloo. Letters from the front are eloquent of I he careful examination that was made of the teeth and digestive capabilities of the first \ ictorian contingent. "We had some hne roast fowl; for breakfast this moriiing," writes Private Tucker— "beautiful fowl it was, and three men were shot while eating it. Wq commandeered that fowl from a de serted Boer homestead, and hope to get some more," "Just a few lines on the eve of battle," writes a comrade; "we are now living on biscuits and tinned beef. The food is covered by a layer of fine dust, which you have to swallow.'' "Rather ft rum Christ mas," observes a third; "I believe we were to have had pudding for dinner; but it has not turned up. I have just been ordered to scout to the north-east, where a patrol was yesterday shot and captured by an am buscade, and I hope it turns up by the time I.eome back." Australia has indeed good cause to be proud of lier soldiers. Just before the battle, we have been led to be lieve, the Britisher thinks of home and mother, kisses his love tokens, and leaves last messages for his dear ones. The Aus tralian examines his food supplies, and anathematises the commissariat ' because they bear specks of dust. As to the trooper who goes out to brave instant death, amid lurking foes,' thinking only of the delights of his vanished Christmas pudding — well, he is certainly peculiar to Australia, and we are proud of him. . Was there ever a "newer" woman than the pushful Dowager Empress of China? No mere man has a show against her. She is the "power behind the throne." As poor young Kouang-Su, the alleged ruler of a crumbling Empire, has found out to his detriment. With the coming of years, Kouang-Su gave signs of developing radicalism, and since that time nothing very definite has been heard of liim. The general impression is that his strong-minded aunty lias had him secure somewhere in a cupboard, bad young rascal that he is. Mean while she lias found a nice obedient little boy of 9, who will be given the Imperial sceptre to play with. It is a sad fate for the little boy, and if the Emperor under a cloud has any horse sense, he will also be very careful just now to try his rice and birds'-nest soup on his attendants before refreshing himself. Air. Shiels lias made the startling dis covery in the region of finance that if you borrow money you have to pay it back again. Ill the good old days if the Treas urer saw his expenditure climbing up while his revenue showed a tendency to stand stiff, instead of looking about for some means of providing the extra needful, lie fniof In jiifl. Tf 0" frany!"0 ''1 not square at the end of the year, the guard ian of the exchequer would simply draw a cheque on the trust funds and with Micaw- ber-like satisfaction thank Heaven that debt was settled. But Sir George Turner passed an act which shut down on IIig trust funds, and compelled the Treasurer to raise revenue by legitimate means. If lie did resort to the demoralising expedient of taking money that did not belong to liim, it was provided that tbc loan should be paid back in the same year. 'That was the em barrassing alternative which faced Air. Sliiels when he saw- the possibility of a de ficiency, owing to the demand made upon the public purse by our warlike demonstra tion in South Africa. The Treasurer there fore had to deny luxpayers the small tit-bit promised by the late Administration in the shape at a reduction of rates. To most people who come within the scope of the tux Sir George Turner's concession was not likely to lead tliem into extravagance in other directions. A man with £250 a year would, under the reduced scale, have to pay 14/7; lie will now continue to pay 10/8— a difference of 2/1, or something less than Old. a week— so that the disappointment at the income tax remaining as before should not lead to a revolution. The Union Jack was this week hoisted half inast and upside down upon the town hall of a country township. "Excuse me, sir," said a lad, as lie stopped an elderly townsman, "can you tell me what the flag is half mast on the town hall for?" "Afy poor boy," replied the kindly old gentleman, "this day is one of sorrow for you; your poor father has just died!" "Aw!" respond ed the lad, "I was afraid Ladysmith had fallen." ->. 