S K E T O H E B HAUNTED OKUBOHES. . We who live at the close of this nineteenth.century oan hardly think it possible that the strange stories of ghost-haunted churohes were onoe firmly believed. Happily for the peaoe of the regular ehurohgoer there are but few ohurohes in Great Britain whioh have the reputation of being the home of -spirits, and even those that are'haunted'do not appear to suffer materially hy reason of their boing BO associated. .The beautiful Devonshire church of Ottery t-JSaxy^: (wtteh tm^y^be ie Sxetor Cathedral,in jniuiature-rao muoh . does it reismtile. it), contains, inter alia, several monuments. One -is ereoted to the memory of John Coke, of Thorne,. who died in 18SI, and 1 represents an armed soldier habited in halfarmour, with trunk hose and Jaok boots. Hia left hand grasps the hilt of his sword, whilst his right holds a baton. It is believed he was murdered for mercenary motives fay a younger brother. We are told that because of the Jnjustioe done him, his spirit oannot rest, and his statue therefore ateps downJrom its niohe at night and stalks through the silent churoh. Adjaoent to the church at Tamerton Foliottis the old Coplestone Oak, beneath whose branches a member of the Coplestone family was murdered a number of years ago. Small wonder, then- that it is said his restless spirit haunts Ihe quiet churchyard— apparently, seeking comfort in reading the tombstones of those who were privileged -to die in the ordinary course .of events. Perhaps the beet known of these haunted bnildinga in Scotland is the 'Auld Alloway Kirk' of Ayr. Tradition says that a farmer on his way home from Ayr one market night saw the place was lighted up, and on looking in at the window he beheld the Devil, with a number of old women dancing around him, One he recognised and shouted, ' Weel, Iuppan Maggie, wi the short eark I' Besenting this interruption, the Evil One and his companions gave chase to the frightened farmer, who made all haste for Ihe bridge of Doon,, and orossed the stream by . the merest chance, in time to escape capture by tbe Devil. Burns perpetnates tbe legend iu his .famous ' Tam o' Shanter.' His Satanio Majesty is' again responsible for the spirits haunting the ohurbh of Widdeopmbe-in- the-Moor, on Dartmoor. The edifice was, on Sunday, October 21, 1638, Btruok by lightning and severely damaged. Four persons were killed and sixty-two injured. The Devil is sald to have caused this; thunderstorm, and he is positively known (according to tradition) to have attended at Widdecombe personally on that day in the guise of a horseman. It is asserted that the spirit forms of the four people killed have sinoe walked the ohiirob at nightfall, and the prevailing belief among the moormen is that Uiey will do so until the Last Day. The old church of St. Mary, at Berry Pomeroy, seems to make far too good a pio turefora haunted building. Nevertheless, if we credit the history of an early oooupier of Berry-Pomeroy Castle, adjaoent, and her association with the oburoh, we find suoh iB the oase. Tradition again tells us how the daughter of a former lord of the caBtle murdered her child there, and that in death she apparently passes part of her time at the scene of the tragedy, and the remainder at the grave of her dead ohild, whioh was buried in-the churoh. Her apparition, it is said, has appeared on several oooasionB to independent persons,, .and the foots made a very strange story; but as it has not been seen for nearly a century, it is to be hoped her troubiod spirit has at last found eolaoe. The old ohurohyard of Kelvedon, Essex, also has its ghost, for a legend runs that a local miller—' the only honed; miller in the county.'—was so poor that he was. unable to pay his way. Tins preyed upon his mind so muoh that .he committed suioido by hanging himself from a tree there, and further, he is frequently noticed—by those qualified to see suoh sights—hovering around the churchyard with a halter around his neok and his tongue hanging out. 