: Slashing Lunacy. An article (says the Tribune) ' 1 has been written for the" " National Review "—always an anti-Catholic organ- — which makes vvild, red-eyed charges against the priesthood of Australia. The writer, of. course, like the coward he is, is anonymous, but he pretends to be an English Roman Catholic The " Argus," while disagreeing with the' text of the harangue, describes the article as " slashing." The writer accuses the priests of Australia, — mostly Irish- — -of being seditious, of desiring to set up an Irish- Australian independent Government, as bitterly- hostile to the British as the Transvaal Govern ment. How can such a pi.ece of wild whooping fatuity be described as a " slashing" article! ? It is the slashing incoherency of the gibbering idiot in Bedlam, or the drunken fury of a, Shankhill-road rough. The " Argus " takes it that this article will form a peg; to hang an animated debate on. Having read the article, we are not inclined to agree with our contem porary. We believe that most people will take our view, that the writer is' a reckless false witness, a namless and cowardly vilifier, and a humour less fool to boot. The idea of the Irish-Australian independence of Australia in the minds of our sane and level-headed priests is the most delicious piece of unconscious humour - that could be imagined. No onebut an English jingo could have imagined it. We suppose Cardinal Moran is to be the Emperor, and the Kiarna Ghost first . Lord of the Irish- Australian treasury. Death of Father Vincent, C.P. — Very- deep regret (says the' Southern Gross, Nov. 9), will be felt at the death of the Very Rev. Father Vincent Grogan, C.P., who expired from apoplexy at St. Brigid's, Marrick- ville, Sydney, on Wednesday morning. The deceased, who was formerly Superior of the Passionist Order in Australia, was very popular' among all classes in the , colonies, and as a missionary Ins earnest ness and quiet winning ways won him hosts of friends. There will be a Requiem Mass for the repose of his soul in Sydney to-day, and the funeral will be held at Goulburn to-morrow. The Very Rev. Father Hilary, C.P., left- Adelaide on Wed nesday to attend the obsequies in Sydney. 