Mr, Carnegie; on Trnsts. Mr, Carnegie believes in .'letting- trusts alone, and in the May "Cen tury,'* in a paper called ''Popular Illusions About Trusts," he explains his attitude: .???"?'?: "V Every.'attempt to mo nopolise the manufacture of any staple article car ries within its bosom the seeds ot ' failure. Long before we could legislate with much- . effect against.' v .trusts . there would be np necessi ty f or legislation^ The past proves this, and the fu ture is to' confirm it. There should be nothing hut encouragement for these vast aggregations of capital for the manu facture" of staple articles. As for the result béing an increase of price to the consumer beyond a brief period, there need be no fear. On the con trary, ,the inevitable re sult» of these suggestiors ls, finally and perma : nently, to give to ~ the consumer cheaper arti cles than: would :; have . been otherwise possible to obtain, for capital is stimulated by the high -profits of the trust, for a season, to<\- 'embark against it. The, result is very soon a capacity of production beyond the wants of the consumer, and- as -the : new works erected are . of the most improved pattern, and .capable - of producing -cheaper ' than the old works,- the vulnerable ? trusts are compelled to buy and capitalise at two and three times their : cost. There is thus' no danger ahead , to the community from trusts, nor any cause for fear;. The : great natural lawi, being the out growth of human nature and human needs, keep on their irresistible course. Competition in all departments of hu man activity is not to be suppressed. The indi vidual manufacturer who is tempted into the unusually profitable busi ness of the trust will take care of the monopo ly question and prevent injury to the nation. The trust, so far as aggrega tion and enlargement .go, is one day to be recog nised as a grand step to ward cheaper products for the people than could have been obtained by any other mode than the aggregation of capital and establishments. Al ready the ghosts of nu merous departed trustt which aimed at mono polies have marched across the stage of hu man affaira, each point ing to its. fatal wound inflicted by . that grea corrective, competition Like the ghosts of "Mac . beth's" victims,- the lin promises to' stretch lon ger and longer, and als . like those phantoms o the brain, they "com like shadows, so de part." - The earth hath bubbles e the water hath. And.these are of, them. The masses of :the. pee pie, the tolling millioni are soon to find in tia great law of aggregatio of capital and of fact« rles another of tho« beneficent agench which in their operatic tend to bring to tl homes of the poor, greater degree : thi ever, more and more the luxuries of the ric and into their .' liv more of sweetness a light.. The only peo] who have reason to fe , trusts are , those w trust them. 