PHENOMENAL ISLANDS, Since its firBt discovery in 1889, Falcon Islands, of the Tonga gronp. in -the Son£h Pacific1, has played hide-and-seek from iis mysterious bed beneath the waves. With tantalising regula'.iry it lias belied thf ocean charts by surreptitiously swooping to ibs native deeps from tbe wondering ten of the puzzled mariner. It lias been mifiring Bince 1898 and no wit has emerged once more, in the form of a hnge whale.'' This unstable characteristic of Falcon Island is one of the family of peculiar phenomena, which have been the fruitful core of many a. ghostly ocean legend, and the foundation of natural fact on which have been built intere6tinjg phases of the fairy lore of lake and sea. Those Will-o'-toe-Wisp bits of ocean -iand. have caused discomfiture to the mariners of the sixteenth and seventeenth centurieS; and the location of numbers of vanishefl of those periods. - , Asiate as the year 1700 an English ship returning from Newfoundland, near la.t. 50 deg. north, discovered anlslaud. hitherto unknown, which not only appeared fertile, but waB covered with fields and woods, but, hindered by a violent surf, the:boat*s crew failed to secure a landing. So con vinced were'tlie captain and sailors of the reality of their discovery that ships were chartered in London to explore the islan^! but ihe search was fruitless -the~ fugitive hind had again vanished. Like ?_ Falcon Island,' it may have been a vulcanic up heaval, a theory supported, perhaps, by the extreme agitation of the surrounding water. It is a remirkable coincidence that mnce ^s early as the ninth century, there ib acircum stantial record of the discovery of an island by Irish and .Danish fishermen about tha same place, midway between the - coasts of Ireland and Newfoundland. From that period to the fourteenth century it J was frequently seen by the English and French fishermen and mariners, but ^it eluded «I1 their attempts to land on it— in fact, it waS the sea 'serpent senBRtion of those -centuries. In Eree it was called Flathlnnis, or th^ Noble Island ; by the Anglo-Saxons Icockane. or the country of the waves ; and liy the Irish French, and Spanish it was known is Brasil and Asomanda, or thfe Island of Ghosts, flat 60 confident 'were the geographers of the sixteenth -and seveDJ teenth centuries of the presence of land in that particular spot of the Atlantic that,it is . maTked on the miips of. the period. -. ! It may have been a volcanic part of the ocean bed, whose active period coverefl those early centuries till the seventeenth, when we have the . latest circumstantial record of its appearance, or it'may have been a Fata Morgana. Buchas that described by Commodore Byron in his voyage ronnd the world, where he tails of a phantom ib land in high Southern latitudes with capes and mountain s'that deceived his most exj perienced mariners But to come closer to facts we find tint among the -most familiar wonders in phenomena' islands are those j jnoyant lands that rise to the watersurface Dr sink to the bottom by means of eome hid den evolnt ion of natural law. One of the most important of those aquatic wonders is the Boating isla'.d of the beautiful Lake of Der sventwater. It is Bitnated in the sonth-eaEt ;orner of the lake, a most -within the sound of the Falls of Lndore ; it never changes i?s location, but dives to the bottom or rises to ths Eurfsc; accoTang to the nicLates of the ?j vsterioi f Uvr th:i! Jn^ves it. In connection with that cniioiis island there is a suppler mentary phenomenon called 'the bottom wind.' a local fiabaqueoas agitation that rudely ruffles tl_e water c; ^ariain times in tbat partienlar part of -the lake. Xhe periods of the rising of the island have 'been irregular and uncertain ; it has come to the surface in , two successive years; at other times it has been in hiding for seven or eight years and then made its appearance at the end of an exceptionally warm, diy season. Its figore and extent are variable ; and sometimes comprises an acre, entirely covered with a sort of peat moss vegeta tion It appeared in the first year' of the1 century, and then sink for eight years, when it rose to the surface for th ee months, and then vanished till 1813, when it again paid a six weeks yi it and returnea to its bed till 1815 ; then experiments proved that it -was charged with a mixed gas of nitrogen, carburet.ted hydrogen, and. carbolic acid, hence it was surmised that -the formation of this gas in great er of lesser quantity determined the gravity^ or buoyancy of this enrioufi island Phenomei a of this kind are familiar objects in Cumber land, for in Esthvraile Lake a natural floating island has been use! as a ferry capable of holding fifteen person*. At Sotheby's last sale of Sie season, a violin, bv Stradivari, with original label inside, dated 1728, fetched £250. The instrument, is a very good- example, and one that is well known, having been ex- , hibited in the Brussels Exhibition. : 