DIOCESE OF TASMANIA ! . -. SESSION OF SYNOD, 1900. THIRD DAY. The Synod continued its sittings yesterday afternoon at 2.30, the Bishop of Tasmania presiding. Auricular Confession. On the following motion, standing in the name of Captain De Hoghton, being called : "That Synod hears with regret that the practice of seeking to induce auricular confession exists in this diocese, and expresses its decided opinion that such is opposed to the true teaching of the Church of England in this diocese, and declares such a practice is most reprehensible." Archdeacon Whitington rose to a point of order. He held that the motion was in contravention of the constitution. He had no desire to burke discussion. In its present form the motion would make them the laughing stock of every diocese in the world. The motion was at variance with the Book, of Common Prayer. (Applause.) The term "auricular" was indefinite and unsatisfactory. (Hear, hear.) It applied equally to public and private confession. That defect would, of course, be remedied by the insertion in the motion of the word private." Further, it was the bounden duty of every clergyman to seek to induce auricular confession. (Hear, hear, and dissent.) It was a duty laid down by the Prayer Book in the communion service, and the rubric for the visitation of the sick. The resolution, then was at variance with the authorised deliverance of the Church. The Synod was not competent to pass any net or resolution at variance with the Prayer Book. The matter should have been referred to the Bishop in his purely spiritual character. The insertion of the word "habitual" before auricular confession would make the subject quite clear, and bring the motion properly within the purview of the Synod. At the suggestion of the Bishop. Captain De Hoghton altered the word "in- duce" to "enforce." Captain De Hoghton read a letter from the Archdeacon of Launceston expressing sympathy with the motion, which Captain De Hoghton formally moved at this stage. In speaking of auricular confession he (Captain De Hoghton) did not refer to the form of confession sanctioned by the Prayer Book, but to that form of habitual and. quasi-compulsory confession that was growing up in the Church. To come to the roof of the matter at once, he alleged that the Dean of Hobart was in the habit of taking all candidates for confirmation apart privately, each by each, and telling them that it was their duty to confess their sins to him, and telling them that by the power he had he could forgive them. (Sensation.) Dean Kite said that he must deny most absolutely that he had ever done anything of the kind, (Loud applause.) Captain De Hoghton regretted extremely that the Dean should say so. He had to repeat what he had already said, fully believing it to be true. Rev. R. K. Collisson said that his daughter was a member of the confirmation class conducted by the Dean last year. He had questioned her very closely on this point. He found that the teaching she had received from the Dean was exactly in accord with the voluntary confession allowed by the Church. (Applause.) Dean Kite said it was absolutely false that he had enjoined the duty of compulsory confession. Those who came to confess to him came of their own free act and deliberate choice. He taught confession only within the limits pro- scribed by the Church of England. Mr. Bernard Shaw had not understood Captain Dr. Hoghton to say that Dean Kite compelled candidates to go to confession. Captain De Hoghton had made one statement, and the Dean had Eradically denied something else. He himself now had to state most emphatically that, on more than one occasion, the Dean had told him that his practice was exactly what Captain De Hoghton had that day declared it to be. (Applause.) Dean Kite said that Mr. Shaw spoke under a misapprehension. It was true that he saw his confirmation candidates, not only in class, but one by one. (Hear, hear.) He never taught them to come to private confession unless he thought that it would be a helped them in removing some burden from their conscience. Captain De Hoghton : Mr! Shaw precisely stated the nature of my declara- tion. I withdraw not one syllable or iota. (Cannon Finnis and others : "Shame 1") He had reason to believe that some other clergymen in the dio- ¡ case followed the same practice." If that was so, he challenged them to stand forward, manfully, and defend their practice as best they might. It now became his duty briefly to examine the teaching of the Church on the matter. (Laughter.) Canon Shoobridge rose to a point of order. Charges had been made against Dean Kite, and he had categorically denied the charges. Was Captain De Hoghton in order in reiterating those charges on a mere assumption unbacked by evidence? The Bishop ruled that Captain De Hoghton was out of order. He must, according to the rules of the Synod, accept Dean Kite's denial. He must not impute a lie to the Dean. Captain De Hoghton said he never intended to. The Dean was the last man to whom he would impute such a horrible thing. He should proceed to i examine the laws of the Church on the ; general Question. _ At this stage Captain De Hoghton read extracts from the Prayer Book, with comments and opinions by miner- I ous # eminent Church authorities, all. voicing the view that auricular confession, in the ordinary usage of the term, I was opposed to the law and practice of the Church of England. He urged that Dean Kite's admitted prac- | tice with candidates ), for confirma- . tion was opposed to the authorised practice of the Church. Look at the in- a equalities of the position On the one hand, an inexperienced boy or girl, with little will of his or her own, liable to be swayed easily by the pressure of a spiritual instructor like Dean Kite; on the other hand, Christ said, "Come unto me, all ye that weary and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest." Some 1900 years passed, and what were the strange words they heard from a few Christian priests? Momo to me, and I absolve you." It was a horrible and monstrous thing. (Hear, hear.) He had been led by strict promptings of duty and honour into a course very unpleasant and painful for him to tread. He stood there to question the conduct of one whom he esteemed. The Dean of Hobart had certainly been prompted by what he believed to be his duty. (Hear, hear.) But he did hold that grievous wrong had been done to this community, and he concluded his speech with the words of a famous mandate "Let. right be done." (Applause.) Mr. Bernard Shaw seconded the motion. Dean Kite said he did not think it necessary or desirable for him to discuss the general question of confession. They were perfectly prepared to meet their adversaries with a good conscience on that ground, whenever they chose to join, battle with them. But, before a man could draw a conclusion, he must see that his premises were correct. (Hear, hear.) Captain De Hoghton had to prove the opening sentence of his motion, and he had not produced a jot or tittle of evidence to prove it. He had not proved one single fact against one single clergyman. Captain De Hoghton said he had been asked not to mention names. (Canon Finnis : "Mention them 1 Mention them !" Several Synodsmen : "No, no !"). Dean Kite said that it seemed to him that, until there was evidence that there had been any enforcement of the duty of private confession in the diocese, the whole motion must fall to the ground. (Applause.) He had prepared many candidates for confirmation, and seen many of them privately, in the course of his duty. If it was proved that he had attempted to compel any candidate to confess, he should be ready in his place to meet the accusation. He had taught about private confession in the course of his duty as a Church of England clergyman. He was as loyal a member of the Church of England as anybody there. (Applause.) He had 1 always taught that there was the clearest and plainest distinction between the Anglican and the Roman position in the matter. The Roman Church said "you must," the Anglican said "you may." A very long discussion-an academical discussion on the abstract question of confession, for the most part followed. During the course of this, | Canon Banks Smith said he had always understood that the Church of England allowed confession in special cases, under special circumstances (applause) and that it forbade habitual and compulsory confession. (Renewed applause.) ? He should like to see some clear and unimpeachable evidence that any clergy innu in Tasmania had taught Compulsory confession in the case of candidates for confirmation or of young people going to holy communion. He knew that there were cases of young curates in England doing so. Rev. J. B. W. Woollnough said that the Prayer Book of their branch of the Catholic Church recognised confession, and regulated it as to holy communion and the visitation of the sick. The contention that confession should not be resorted to at other times was an absurd contention. The Prayer Book recognised confession in cases of troubled conscience, is not only useful but morally necessary. Since the use of confession was regulated as to two directions, surely the clergy were at liberty to induces confession. ("No, no") That was the position their branch of the Church had always taken up. "("Question I") Mr. W. J. McWilliams said that 80 per cent, of the laymen of Tasmania would leave the Church if the practice of confession became general, and would deny their houses to priests practising it. Canon Finnis spoke at length of his experience of the great value of pastoral confession in the Church of England ministry. He deprecated the loose discussion of a subject so important and so solemn. The objections were really based on the use of such technical terms as confession," "abso- lution," and direction." Mr. R. J. Lucas said that the doctrine of confession was written broadcast over the Prayer Book. To talk of that doctrine driving people out of the Church was simply to say that they were not prepared to adopt the doctrine of the Church of England. Rev. S. Bucknell regretted that the matter had been made so personal. He had seen the value of confession, as it was practised in the Church of England, and he had had much experience of the loyalty and sincerity of Dean wife of a priest of the Church of England. He moved as an amendment "That this Synod,' when it learns on unquestionable authority that the practice of enforcing private auricular confession exists in this diocese, will be ready to express its decided opinion that such enforcement is entirely opposed to the doctrine of the Church of England." Rev. J. K. Wilmer seconded the amendment. The Bishop read the following statement : - One of our most sagacious and moderate Bishops at Home, the Bishop of Winchester, begins a chapter in his charge thus "If ever there was a matter which required caution, sobriety of thought, and diction, delicacy and tenderness in handling, knowledge of mankind, acquaintance with ecclesiastical and civil history, it is what is known as the penitentiary discipline of the Church, and especially that portion of it which relates to confession." Yet it unfortunately happens that this question has more than any other been lightly, boldly, almost shamelessly, bandied about for rough and ready discussion by controversialists, who, if they do not actually scout whose qualifications, would seem by their example to value them but little. I imagine some student, or inquirer from another country, who should light upon a batch of the controversial literature now circulated by many earnest Protestants. He would inevitably conclude that, at the Reformation, the whole idea of private or auricular confession had been repudiated, and the thing itself extirpated for over from the Church of England. But is it so? Then follows a summary of 20 pages showing in what form, and to what ex- ton t it has always existed in the Church. He then gives the position of confession with us. He speaks of the direct access of the individual soul to God without human intervention of any kind, and says that he who holds that the priest's absolution is required for con- veying God's pardon to the sustained soul has to reckon with the English Prayer Book. He adds : "It may happen to you at times to have some special difficulty or crisis in your life, or at the , approach of death. It may happen that at such a time you need other helps, and among them the help that can be given by the Minister of Christ, accredited to assure you of God's pardon of repeated sin. You can open your grief that by the ministry of God's Holy Word you may receive the benefit of absolution, together with ghostly counsel and advice." Once more in sickness you may be moved to tell out your trouble to God's minister, that he may give you authoritatively the message of God's forgiveness." "All this is clearly laid down, and the rules which prescribe it are our answer to those who noisily tell us that the Church of England knows no private confession and absolution. She does know, and value, this special form of ministry for grave and exceptional need. I am certain that confession so used, absolution so given, has been many a time of incalculable help to Christian men and women." He points out where the mischief lies, namely, in the habitual life of confession, except in very special and peculiar cases, and for certain temperaments (No one denies ' this in this Diocese ) The Bishop of a Winchester also says ' Whilst speak- ing of this peril, I desire to dissociate myself absolutely from the ignorant or fanatical outcry about impurity or suggestions of evil which some people beloved to be inseparable from the confession even in England That such things are inconceivable either in this or any other system of private counsel and advice, none would dare to say, but the wholesale insinuations thus ignorantly or fanatically brought against the clergy who hear habitual confessions hardly merit a reply " The position for us is perfectly plain Private confession and absolution remains a power and force in the Church as one of the strongest remedies of the spiritual physician Like all strong remedies, it must not be abused Like all strong remedies, it need not come at all into the lives of a great many and in no case can its use with us be made compulsory No one must ever be de barred from Holy Communion, or from Confirmation for not using it It remains a strong medicine, not a food This is the position taken up with regard to it by almost all the clergy cer- tainly by all the clergy in this Diocese To go further into this matter is a delicate and difficult thing But Synod is our most solemn assembly, and its instructive power is great Therefore I proceed People in ordinary life cannot realise the office of one who is a physician of souls, nor can the physicians speak of their experiences-the anguish, and remorse, the sense of sin in men and women who are not known to the world as having such deep feelings Again, at great crises-at a time of conversion, for example there are those who crave for human companion- ship and human aid in their confession of sin, who earnestly desire the abso- lution in existence by the Church in other natures the feelings of these people are unintelligible But some crave for the strongest medicine they ask for it, and the wise physician may not refuse It is a sick soul Again, the experience of years may teach the spiritual physician that at a certain crisis the best medicine is a confession No general rule can here be laid down, we have to trust men who are in tremendous earnest, who see much of that hidden life which is revealed to them by those who trust their spiritual physicians We are now in the region where so much knowledge and done icy and spiritual perception is needed There are some, of course, who push all this roughly aside, but in the deep things of life we do not generally trust the rough and loud voices The fact i remains that the Church has always possessed this medicine for the soul She warns us that on no account is it to be compulsory, or treated, except in very special cases, as a food She en- trusts its use to those who have had the gift of the Holy Ghost imparted to them for the work of the Ministry For my part. I am confident that the use of this medicine is not abused in this (Die case. I also believe that it has been of incalculable benefit to many. The Diocese may trust me to take action at once if cases of abuse come to my knowledge. The result of this debate will be threefold. It will hurt some sensi- tive and holy minds to see deep things not in every case deeply or wisely handled. It will instruct many who will be wiser in consequence, and they will realise how deep and noble a work is being done by some of the clergy, who may be specially pointed out on this question and lastly, it will increase the use of this powerful medicine, for there are those who may not have known so clearly as they will now that the Church has always possessed this power, and may find it in special cases and needs a great blessing. In conclusion, he had to say that he believed the practice of confession in this Diocese was absolutely in consonance with the instructions of the authorities he had cited. One man in this Synod he had heartily to congratu- late, and that man was the Dean. (Loud applause.) After considerable further discussion, The amendment was agreed to on the voices. The Estimate:. The Synod went into committee to consider the estimated revenue and expenditure for the year 1900. Mr. C. A. J. Piesse, in explaining the various items in the estimates, said it was necessary that the expenditure and revenue should be brought into line. On item-Advertisements in Year Book, £10, Rev. J. K. Wilmer inquired why so much delay occurred in getting the Year Book printed. Mr. Piesse explained that delay occurred at times owing to the trouble experienced in getting the advertisements sent in early. The item was agreed to. On item Launceston Hospital, £25, Mr. Piesse suggested the question of considering the desirableness of having a Hospital Sunday during the yo". Canon Finnis said objection would probably be made to adding a hospital collection to the long list that were already made during the year. The item was agreed to. On item Sinking Fund account loan, Mr. W. Lovett thought that some fixed sum should have been placed alongside the item. He moved That progress be reported in order that Synod might express its opinion with regard to the matter." The chairman ruled that the motion could not be put. The item was agreed to. The remainder of the items were agreed to, and a resolution upon the estimates reported to Synod, and read a first time. . . Clergy Widows and Orphans. The Clergy Widows' and Orphans' Fund Bill was further considered, in committee. On clause 10 Annual income of fund. Rev. Oberlin-Harris said if the Bill could be recast to induce the clergy to insure their lives and make provision for their wives and children it would be an advantage. He moved that the word "heir" be inserted in place of infant orphans." Mr. R. J. Lucas said it would entail a great deal of trouble to recast the Bill, and would give rise to certain other disadvantages. It would be better to insert the word "children" instead of theirs." After further discussion the word "infant" was struck out and the clause as amended agreed to. On clause 11 Annual payment, Rev. Oberlin-Harris moved That the words for his wife and children" the same out. Mr. C. J. Maxwell said that money subscribed for a specific purpose ought not to be diverted to another object. Rev. J. B. Woollnough said it was unfair to take a contribution from an unmarried clergyman, and restrict the benefits of the fund to married clergy . men. Rev. W. S. Stone moved that the word "married" should be inserted. Mr. R. J. Lucas deprecated interference with the clause in the manner indicated, and said it was impossible to provide for every contingency. After a lengthy discussion the word "married"' was inserted, and Mr. Harris's amendment negatived. Mr. R. J. Lucas moved that the words "and for his old age be inserted. The amendment was negatived. In answer to several objections, it was explained that the assignment of the policy was only to give the trustees security for the amount paid by them on behalf of the insured clergymen ; the holder of the policy could get it back again on payment of the debt incurred through payments made on his behalf possibly out of surrender value. The Rev. JT K. Wilmer moved "That the following words be struck I out "Upon the payment by the trus- i tecB of such contribution to premium, such policy, whether a new or exist- ing policy, to which contributions have been paid by the trustees, shall be assigned to and be held by them upon trust for the wife and family of such clergyman, but subject to any claims 1 for repayment of contributions that the said trustees may have on the said policy as hereinafter expressed. The amendment was negatived on division by 33 votes to 8. Progress was then reported, and leave obtained to sit again. A Brighton Scandal. The Bishop, in reply to the Rev. R: K. Collisson, said that it was admitted in writing by the churchwarden concerned that no addressed the rector in the church publicly on the 22nd April, and made use of certain words alluded to. Seeing that the whole matter was now under consideration, it was not expedient to act upon it until a complete investigation had been made. (Hear, I hear.) Adjournment. At 10 p.m. the Synod adjourned until 2.30 o'clock next day. I ? 