ECHOES PROM LONDON. Ibey are the abstract and Briet chronic1** ot the tine. (From our Special Correspondent.) London, October 12. THE GENERAL ELECTIONS. Alter aH there has been in connection with the appeal to the constituencies no thing worthy of the natae of a ttowing tHle either in favour of cuuervatives or liberals. A fortnight ago it looked as if the conh d«jncc of the Government in the rampancy of the imperial sentiment with whicn they hare so uoadv associated themselves ra to be ruddy shaken, and as if they would and it very hard indeed to maintain their majority in the House of Commons. A week later a complete change had come over the ocene. A guccemon of Aiinistmal gains at toe polls hjtl raised the spirits ot the ' unionixu to the highest possible pitch, and had brought about a ; corresponding de pression in the ranks of the opposition. Jr'or a while, indeed, it appeared an if the historic liberal party would be reduced nu merically to the level of the Irish Nation aluts. and Mr. Chamberlain metaphorically danced a hornpipe over the mutilated re mains of his discomfited adversaries. But «s events proved, the right hon. gentleman s triumph was premature, tor several days put the fortune* of war have been on the side of the liberals. The? have made no imprecsion on what may be termed the normal strength of their opponent*, but two days ago they were . able to plume themselves upon baring wiped on the fresh score against them, as things stud, there is teatoa to believe that the Govern ment will be sent back with practically the dame majority as that - which they could reckon on before the dissolution. Should this prove to be toe cow, the only things niion .which they will be able to congratulate themselves are that they have materially bettered their position in the great towns of the kingdom In particular, and in she boroughs in gene ral, and that their supporters have for the most part commanded larger majorities than in 1895. The extraordinary develop; ment ot conservatism in the great centre* of population is indeed one of the most signt rioint facts in the political life of the mo ther country, and liberal* find themselves quite at a low to account for it. A. few hgures on tiie subject borrowed from the ??Daily News' may not be without interest to your readers, it seems that in 1885, prior to the party convulsion* caused by Mr. Gladstone's espousal of the cause of home rule, 87 of the 165 borough seats were hekl by liberals, and 78 by conservatives. Id 1888 a complete transformation took place in the order of things, for in the etec riorw oi that year 115 unionists were return-* ed and only 90 Giadstonian*. In 1892 the totals more nearly approximated to each other, being respectively 69 and 96, in 1800 the disparity became far more pronounced -.ban. ever before, the respective aggregates being 43 and 122. As the result of the re cent voting the seats held by the liberal* have been reduced to 40, and those occupied by unionists have increased to 123. The change in the voting power of the two par ties has not been anything bke as great as the change in their parliamentary represen tation— bnt even that has been very mark ed, for whereas the liberal poll has only ad vanced irom 701,024 in 1885 to 710,050 in 1900-an increase of 9,026, the cwuervatwe or unionist poll has advanced from 8S&272 to 945,145-an increase of 81,873. With that savage sareum that slips so keenly from his lean lips, MrChamberlain hits back at his antagonist who leads toe other side. I1»e other day he remarked: 'Of all modern politicians, now that bir Wilfrid Law«m has unfortunately lost h» seat. Sir H. Campbdl-ttinnerman is decid edly the funniest/' The w»tty rhymster of Se 'Express' thereupon got off the rbllow 'ng:— 'C. B.' both In too out or leum Cm babble «hh a pleating wit; . . And here, perhaps, we seethe reason Ills foUmers w often 'ipUt!' TUE LATE MAHQU1S OK BUTE. Lord Bute, who had been in poor health for some time, passed away this week un der an attack ot paralysis, at the age of 53 ln earlier life an Anglican ot strong con victions whose sympathy with things spirit ual was shown m his lavish pecuniary tnjf uort to the church organization, b*. at .tne age of 21 became a follower of -the Roman Catholic faith, and his liberality'Beciune transierred to that body, lbs change in hia religious convictions set the soaet/ world a-talking. lie built several splendid private chaptls at his residences, and aLo erected churches on his estates. His enormously wealthy estate is reckoned u- be worth five millions sterling, and he gave with munifipiWt%-'i-ppnhand*n'*' 'to— we cause of education as represented in the Scotch^ Universities, and art in various forms found in him an. *pprtci«iivjt patron. Bothesay Castle, in the Isle of Bate, was one of his residences. He was known in the world of letters as well as in religious dicles.and among his works are lne tarty UhtiIi Sir William Wallace,' -The Bum ing of the Barns of Ayr,' 'The Altars of St. Colnmba,' and writings descriptive of monument* at Athena, and be also translat ed the Roman breviary mto fcnglisb, be sides contributing to the literature of ghost lore by his account of alleged ghostly visita tions at a home in Perthshire. Mot only was he a writer himself, but it is believe*, thathewastheorigbalof LonlBeaconsfield s Catholicism and his lifelong earnestness over the problems and responsibility of re ligious belief. Though a member ot many London clubs he was seldom seen in any ot them, and to the end never overcame a constitutional shyness. OF X333.SU ONLY £39,817 REXA153. Benjamin Greene Luke, the bankrupt soli citor, attributes bis failure to the defalca tions of hu partner and cousin, George tA ward Lake,-»ho took charge ot the business on the death of bis uncle. He alleges that lieorge Edward was the Judas Iscariot ot the business, both as to the keeping of the bag, and of the betrayal of the trusts. George Edward locked up in his mysterious bosom all the financial secrets ot the firm, and in his desk the firm's cheque book, and only George Edward was allowed by George Edward to deal with either. He (George Edward) lost £98,000 in coal share specula tions, while the bankrupt lost only £25,000 in that way. The unsecured liapilkie* of the linn amoun: to £203,277, with assets ot £11,555, and the liabilities of the insol vent as distinct from the firm's affairs are £12Sf234, with ateets of £1,738. The firm s liabilities are made up ot client'* moneys, with the exception of only £16,500. There is something almost humorous about this reading, the disregard of the difference be tween 'meura' and 'tuum' is w cofaaal. The infamy of »uch a lake is «i deep as the bottomless pit. ELECTRICITY A POOR MA.VS LICUT. By turning a lever Mr.' Sydney Buxton on an evening this week lighted up ten wilt* of the pan of London known as Poplar, and then made a speech of congratu lation to the Board of Works, and the people aMenibled to celebrate the occasion, lie commented on the fact that the board hail rejected the olfer of an electric com pany to take charge ot* the neighbourhood, as they very properly preferred municipal enterprise to monopoly. He bad little doubt that in the end the new works would yield a A'bstauiial prctit, which, instead of going into the pockets ot riiareholders, would be s.-fiplied to 'improving and cheapening the Itch'., fie advocated municipal enterprise, lie did not want local bodies to embark on liarum ncarum scheme*, but it was right That they should have control of such things a« lighting, water, and Itousing. Having had electric fipht in his house for ten years, he recommended it as superior to gss in ex-nnomy. comfort, and health, and be hoped 'flat before long few dwellings in Poplar would be without it. The chaiiman laid they would soon be able to supply bow light and power cheaper than gas. and if the people would u«c it . the enterprise must succeed. The electricity com mittee'* chairman informed his hearers ihiit the company whose offer had been re- a iected would have charged 7d. per unit for I lighting and 5d. per unit for power. The I board's prices were 3d.. 4d.. and. 3d. for: I lighting, ami 3d. and IJd. for power. Poplar I had. therefore.suned at once by doing the ' I wcrk itmHf. The cost Uter on ot buying I ont the company would have been enpr- I ruou*. As there was no intention of making I i profit the charges would be reduced from time to time. Instillations in private bonnes would be made free of charge, and slot meters for cash payment would be ? provided. A FRENCH BILLECOCQ, FOR CATCHING BRITISH SOULS. There is a Roman Catholic organization at St. Sulspice. in Paris, whose aim is the conversion of England to that faith. The 1 brotherhood pray ceaselessly for this con snmmation, and perform good works that their prayers may be heard and granted, t One Billecoctf is at the head of the move ment, and recently he received a commen- j datory letter from the Pope. A writer in the Paris -'Journal*' referring to this com- 1 niunication says:— As if we had not enough to do to convert -*J I ?elm, we are durgrd by the Pope to look after the faith oi Crest Britain. . . . Kow, suppose that to-mcrrow the Quern ot England, chM of the spiritual power in BogUnd, were to open an office in Paris for the conversion of France to the Angli can Church. What a has would be made in all the sacristies! The Government would be order ed (for in France every one five* orders to the Government) to conduct the promoters ot this umiion on board the tint boat leaving- Calais. It would do so-tnd quite right too! Well, let us not do to others what we fbouM not like them to do to us. English pride might Justly take offence at the effort* of Fere Blllecocq, who supports bis enterprise by a periodical, which KU forth that the object ot the fraternity is to encourage the Catholic movement in England. Bnt surely this is a matter which does not con cern France. Surely the Pope could (ire hi* mind to such an undertakinf without cwnpromisuig a neighbouring nation. TRANSVAAL BRIC-A-BRAC. This week one of Uncle Paul Kruaer's old hat* brought £25 at auction. The buyer was the proprietor of a weekly news paper. A pipe, formerly the property oi the same old anner. brought eight guineas. Iu the chase after the almighty dollar, the owner of this hat— if he be an enterprising journalist of the Ally Sloper kind— will have a better chance of catching up to hu quest than he would have without it, as the public likes relics as well to-day as in the time of Burns's friend Captain Grose, who guarded jealously the brass-shod broom stick of the Witch of Endor, and a cinder from Tubal Cain's fire, not to mention other lines in the poet's famous inventory. A TATTOOED HERO. ' A morning issue, remarking on the strange nature of some of the relics that come into London from the seat of war, mentions an other. A knot of Scotch Reservists, inva lided from Bloemfontcin, drifted into Ens ton station on Saturday, and, as usual, an admiring crowd gathered . round to give them a hearty send-off. One broad-brogued Irishman, bound for Glasgow, in whose bat tered appearance shone the glory of battle, had sipped too freely of the loving cup, and allowed his native humour to run not. 'Look here, boys, ' he said, as soon as he got into the train, '111 show you the finest picture in London,' and upon the word he stripped to the waist and thrust his bare bact through the carriage window, to the astonfehment of the admiring throng:. A delicately tinted picture, representing a scriptural allegory with Christ on the Cross as the central figure, was tattooed right across the Irishman's back. 'That was done in the hospital at Bloemfontein,'. he said. 'A comrade did it when I was laid up with a shot leg. It * the only relic I've got to take home to mother.*' And as the tram steamed out of the station a lusty British cheer rang oat for the tattooed hero. A LIEUTENANT ON TRIAL. Widesnread interest has been excited ia the case of Lieutenant a'Beckett, who is tow undergoing his trial by court- martial on i charge of stealing two marked half-crowns irom the till of the regimental canteen, fhe prisoner is a son of Mr. a'Beckett, the 'Punch' contributor, and he is defended by the famous Mr. Gill, Q.C. He states that lie is the victim of a conspiracy, or of som* scoundrel who put the coins in his pocket. Major W. E. L. Balfour, president of the canteen, said that on September 8 Ratcliffc. the manager of the canteen/came into hu office and made a statement, lie was white- and trembling, and seemed a good deal excited. On ilr. a'Beckett arriving I told him that a charge had been made against him of taking canteen money. I said I had no right whatever to search him or order him to be searched, and he had a right to object to such a proceeding. The accused said he had no objection whatever, an.4 adj)ed tbatjfcr had ; niOMyon, hinubtttit was not the property of the Ween. He put his bands in his pockets and pulled out some loose silver,- which he put on the table. Captain :&arke; 'went forward, and as far as I can' recollect put his hand into one of prisoner's pocket*. Mr. Ratcliffe came into the office, and 1 asked him to look at the money, and see if he could identify any of it. Ratcliffe picked up two of the half-crowns and said they were two of the coins he had marked. The court-martial is stCl sitting. The public at Dover, where the trial u takiig place, can talk of nothing else. MURDERED ON THE HIGHWAY. A lad 16 yean of age, named Hisooke was this week murdered in the opeu street of Hoxton by some roughs. The terrorism that prevails in some parts in consequence of the lawlessness of these unimpnsoncd criminals is a disgrace to London. A week or so ago a man was shot with a revolver, a few days later another man met a similar fate, and on Monday but a man and after wards a woman were stabbed in the public thoroughfares. The murderers who did the boy Hwcoke to death have not been traced. The unfortunate victim was allowed the money to ride from Hoxton to Bethnal Green, and decided to economise to walk, and thus met his death. ADVERTISING FOR A BAYARD. Little things like this occasionally brigh ten up thai advertisement columns of the ''Morning Post':— TS CHIVALRY DEADf-A family ot position de 1 sire to RECOlUtEKD the peculiarly «d CASE of a beautiful and irreproachable woman of dU tingukbed family to the CHARITY of the Just. She is being- hamatd and maUsned and her livelihood imperilled by a cowanlly and vindic tive enemy, who- through poverty she is usable to panbh or deter. Abntate verity ot c**e proved on highest authority.— Addraa Bayard. WATCH NIGHT BEFORE TUE NEW CENTURY. The Americans are making great prepara tion* for the advent of the new century, noU-ittatanding the Kaiser's decree that it began on January 1 lost. Jonathan is ar ranging for watebnigbt meetinm in 27,000 ci'.irt and towns throughout 'Gods coun try-*' of earthquakes and tidal wares, and at each will read messages from the world's great personsges to the American people. The Red Cross society is taking the matter up, and theatre boxes for the occasion are bctug sold at £200 and upwards. Each subscriber's name will glare from his box in electric letters. Lord Roberts and Kruger, the President of the United States, and the King of Spain, President Loubet, end Queen ^ ictorw. will be aeked to send messages. DETECTIVE? DISGUISES. Hie German newspapers, according to the -'Daily News' correspondent at Berlin, have published some interesting particu lar* of the manner m which the safety* 'of the Emperor is assured during his frequent journeying*. Five 'of tee Berlin secret police were ordered to Otuh'nen during His Majesty's recent *Uy.° One of these officials went about as a carpenter with a rule in hi* band. The second lay t-y the side of the roads disguised as a tramp, and partook freely of the contents of a gin bottle hued with tea. The third wandered about the country as a journeyman. The superin tending official rode about on a bicycle ilrcWed ao a tourist, and in this garb gave the necemary instructions to his subordi nates without causing any suspicion. These officials, of courve, were wdl known to the police and gendarmes of Qbing. In the neighbourhood of Tilsit, Danzig, Marien burg, and Rominten, also, the secret police adopted rimUar disguises to conceal their identity. NEARLY ACROUKD. The Oceanic narrowly escaped disaster this week. The crack White Star liner at about 4 a jo. very nearly ran aground on the Irish coast. The weather was extreme ly foggy at the time, and the captain stop ped the vessel for soundings, and be thinks she actually touched bottom. No damage to the vessel has been discovered. .'MISTER CHAMBERLAIN.' The Lord Chamberlain has vetoed Ibsen's 'Ghosts' as immoral, and the play cannot be produced in England. The mem bers of the German dramatic society, wha put out a feeler, but did not actually ap plv for leave, arc very cross. The- Paris press has something to say. on the matter, and bL-mcs Mr. Chamberlain, who, of course, had nothing to do with the decision. Possibly the French scribes confounded the name of the office with- tbat of the states man. IJcre arc ttaniples of French tournal Um:— In an article headed 'ChamDcrlain- i Macbeth' the 'Dix-Xeuyieme Siede' says: —'.Mr. Charabcrbin is not fond of the living, haying made so many corpses whose bone* whiten at the foot of the kopjes of the Transvaal and tie Orange Free State. He likes ghosts still less, and will not al low them to approach 'him.* A' luckier man than Mucbeth, Mr. Chamberlain has the power to prevent the spectre of Banquo from seatine itself at his side. Mr. Cham berlain is -a' happy man:' Tn« 'Echo de Paris' savj:-'CSurinberlain is becoming terrible. He is declaring a new war. This time agauwt Ibsen.' ° THE WAIL OF -WEALTH. The 'Wiener TjgbJatt' representative had an interview, with Miss Rockefeller, the daughter of the American petroleum king. The interviewer said:— 'And now tell me, as you no doubt belong to the class ot the most envied of all women, whether I may presume that you are happy? Miss Rocke feller is reported to have replied:— '?Happy* Can one buy happiness witli money? Are there not many tilings to mate, us quite unhappy, which money can not change? And then, arc not the spoiled ones more sensitive to the principles of (life than the others? No, I am not happy, and you may teQ it to all and sundry who envy me.' The interviewer was astonished, and said the lady was a philosopher, to which she replied:— 'Not philosopher, only thinker. It is poverty which, perhaps, taught others to think. I learnt it through wealth.*' Miss Rockefeller is in Vienna to consult fhe doctors for an ear complaint. 