Stray Thoughts, As we have all been washed out by the flood, I have made up my mind to give farming best. I have never had a par ticular fancy for it, having always looked upon it as a fool's game. I have decided to go for a Government billet ; they seem to be giving them away pretty freely, and I find if vou do not follow the crowd you go to the wall. I have spoken to one or . two Members, who have promised to help me; but they say that unless I am a Roman Catholic or a Wesleyan I won't stand the ghost of a chance. The Minis try is composed of Roman Catholics, Wesleyans, and Atheists; or rather, I should say ' Socialists,' which is fhe same thing. If I don't succeed I'll try Adelaide or Western Australia ; but the job is raising the funds to get there. My crop has gone, and my account at the bank is on the debit side. I fancy I can overcome this difficulty by asking one of the -Members to obtain for me a railway pass as a ' distinguished visitor.' It is a dodge that is being freely resorted to by dead beats in Sydney. I suppose now that there is great dis tress in the district, some movement will be made to ascertain the state of the Hawkesbury Relief Fund, and have two Trustees appointed in lieu of the two that are dead— Sir Alfred Stephen and Mr. Piddington. I have often called attention to this matter, with a hope that some of our leading men would see the necessity of attending to it in case of need. In reply to my friend 'Enquirer' I will answer him seriatim. First, he asks in what sense do I use the term ' God rules'everything.' Answer : I did not use the term. (2.) ' Does God arrange all things ?' Answer : I did not use the term. My letter stated I would be pleased to take part in a debate on the question ' It is Diety or Chance that rules.' I inferred that many people in their cold vocabulary assert that all happens by Chance. There is no such thing as Chance! They dethrone the living God from the sovereignty of his own world, and substitute a cold death like abstraction in place of the living one— the acting one. They forbid the angel to drop from its wings, and the fragrant words ' Thy father hath done this,' and say in effect that some mysterious power has created a world, giving it the sun to light them by day, and the moon and stare by night, and that, having finished its work, it took down the scaffolding and left this completed world to take care of itself, whilst it went away to uprear other worlds in some other place. I'm not a believer in Chance, and so long as a nation's religious principles can withstand the corrupting influence of long continued success, and artificial civilization, it has nothing to fear. What wonder, with in . fluences like these acting .on the minds, \- that many have gathered a penumbra of doubt, bringing about a sad eclipse of faith, and the loosing off from their moor ings, forsaking a quiet anchorage, till they drift rudderless and wild into the ocean of infidelity. The doctrine of faddists is cruel and plunges its votaries into despair, in order to combat this doc trine. We should consult our hearts more than our theology, and learn this fact : that our heavenly father is not a tyrant, who fetters us and then punishes because we cannot obey. 1 Chumpkins. 