THE BUBONIC 'BLACK DEATH.' ? y _ invitation to infectious Invasion. SY0NFA'* JEK5C1 SANITATION. Ninety- Fire Per Out, of City Houses Uangerous. Urgent Nerd for Knergetic Measures. Mtb, foal and fMttrinj, like foarts of ghouls. — TlMON OP Tl'HE. ' Keep a thing for ten years, and 'twill be sure to come in useful,' is an old wife's adage, as hackneyed as one's oath. But that at the latter end of the nine teenth century the most solemn health warnings should have to be repeated, in this reputedly progressive country, at intervals n{i #ln/i.u4A io simnl w a Rpji.TiHfl.1 imd a. shame. Vetauohifl the sad fact. We are now iu the tenth year since Troth, then young, but always and already vigorous, made (as the only non-professiunal journal that dared do it) some astounding revelations as to the unutterably (though, secretly) filthy and the fearfully insanitary condition of what we so smuely call ' tho City of the Beautiful Harbor/' ' the Queen City of tho Bunny South.' Lot us turn our mental field binocular the wrong end foremost, and look back a decade, in order to seo more clearly how wo stand at present with re ference to tho outbreak of the bubonic plague— the shuddersome ' black death ' of the Middle Ages. During tho year 1890, which was the first of its amended and enlarged existence, the Sydney Water and Seworage Hoard dis covered a fearful state of things with re ference to tho plumbing and sanitation ' generally of the metropolis— particularly of the city, and more particularly of its older parts. The matter first came casually be fore the Board in the ordinary course of I business. But investigations into the past system of plumbing, and an examination of the details of tho work upon which much Banitary safety absolutely depends, showed clearly that, thanks to the jorryest of 'jerry' work and a most reprehensible neglect of all efficient inspection, an amaz ing number of buildings, especially of the more public class, such as hotels, boarding houses, lodging-housos, etc., were ap parently, to a greater or less extent, veritable cesspits. During the closing months of the year a series of still more searching investigations was instituted, which proved this horrible fact beyond all question. It was seen that in many of the leading hotels and boarding-houses, irrespective oi private residences, death lurked silent but i grim in every cranny. Soil pipes for tho | conveyance ot excreta from the water-closets above, and running through the very dining I and Bitting rooms to the earth below, were j found to be disconnected, broken, full of ' holes, and perfect sieves. What should i have gone into the sewers, and thence been = carried out to the sea, was left to accumu late and putrify beneath the floors of rooms i used daily and hourly for meals and resi ; dence, and there to breed and foster fearsome i and fatal tilth diseases, whose prevalent : cannot be contemplated, or even thought of ; without a shudder. The outcome of thoso enquiries may be Bummed up in a few words : Conditions— penurious landlords, faulty deaigns, jerry building, and slummed plumbing with vile materials ; results decay and rottenness in all directions, habitual discomfort, perpetual danger of disease, frequently disease itself, and not unfrequently resultant death ! Of all this ghastly evil, hundreds and hundreds of cases were well known to the. Board. The reports of them were no products of a heated imagination, penned by some sensation-monger to momentarily innate the circulation of the newspaper ; they were the sober records of solid, though most shocking facts, vouched for by respon sible administrative authority, respecting the mother metropolis of Australia. A few typical cases may here, perhaps, be profit ably exhumed, and once more brietly re viewed after their 10 years' burial -in oblivion. In one of the foremost family hotels in Sydney, the soil pipe from an upper w.c. came through tue wall and beneath the floor of the dining-room. The worthleBB, badly-fitted pipe having brokon away, a hideous sewage bed was formed below the boards, - capable of producing disease germs enough to oause a thousand deaths. Then, in a leading private hotel and boarding-house in the very centre of the city, a wedding having been jocosely effected by the humorous p|umber!between the soil pipe of the w.c. and the waste-pipe of the bath, the excreta from the former, .when in we, wen occasionally projected into the. latter; and, horrible to relate, this actually occurred ea one . occa sion while a lady was in the act of bathing 1 About the ' Rocks ' and Miller's Point the widely dinering street levelB, ari6ingfromthe hilly conformation of the locality, are woll known ; and hero it was found that the sewage from a Bmall row of honscs directly above a little cottage, was habitually poured on to tho coltago roof, iu a moretonoy neighborhood the soii pipe from ] the upstairs w.c., in a large private dwellin;;, j passed down thu inside oi tho kitchen wall, j By this abominable arrangement it was necessary that the pipe' should taice the form -of the letter L ; but another festive plumber, having probably at hand at the moment no ' elbow' (as it is technically called in the trade), and no doubt preferring a pipe or two of 'rough cut' or a skinful of new Queens land rum to'a journey to procure the needed fitting, dispensed altogether with such a trifle, and left the ends entirely nncon no:U-d. Result— another foetid, festering sewage bed beneath the Door, the stench from which was indescribable. Pass ing beyond the limits of the City proper, in the residence of a high judicial functionary, the soil pipe from the w.c. iniMlateriaiised itself in its passage through the dinintj- room wall, dispersing its contents in tho most disgusting and offensive niauuer. From the searching investigations and rigorous inquiries of the Water and .Sewer age Board, it became manifest that almost everv residence in Sydney erected up to the eighties, -was at that time in a more or less dangerously insanitary condition ; and tho opinion of tiie Board (which prepared a startling confidential report on the subject) was confirmed by many ot the most reput able and experienced plumbers, who were interviewed. Everywhere bad designing, bad materials and bad workmanship ! Not only was older Svdney a veritable typhoid and diphtheria hot-bed— a hotbed, riot for the raising of the fruits of thcearth, likotho cucumber frames, pineries, and melon glasses of frigid Englandj but dedicated to the Demon of Filth, and prolific of pestilence and fever— but iu many cases cause aud effect were clearly triced. Disease and de.ith were plainly shown to be duo to ignorant as well as to fraudulent or penurious sanitary arrangements, aud particularly to the noii. ventilation of soil pipes, drains, and other conduit?. In a houso in Phillip- street in which a child had died from typhoid, the little victim had been in the habit of playing in the bathroom, in which the wasle-pipe from the bath communicated with the un ventilated soil-pipe oi the W.C. In a first class residence in Macquarie-street, where ill-health had become chronic, tho soil- pipo was found to be (as usual) uuventilatou, and the traps and lid quite eaten through, so as to allow of the house being regularly supplied with sewer gas. In a house in Lower Fort stree'., which bore a sinister reputation, and which no tenants would occupy for long, the overflow from tho pan of an habitually choked up W.C. on the second floor, ran into the leaden 'safe' of a dilapidated bath on the floor boneath. In Erskine -street the life of a lad attacked with typhoid was barely saved* and when the' basement floor was taken up, whole cartloads of black ooze were removed, though only to make way for the surface drainage with its horsedrop pings and other like abominations. And in the Olebo, three successive tenants vacated a thoroughly insanitary houso in eighteen months, e.ich after a death from typhoid in the family ! Last, but not least, Dr. J. Ashburton Thompson, then Chief Medical Inspector of the Health and Medical De partment, and now President of the Board of Health, stated, iu an address which he delivered in Melbourne, iu 1890, as president of the Department of Hygiene and Public Health of the Australasian Association for the Advancement of Science, that, notwithstanding the boasted efficiency of the sewerage system of Sydney compared with Melbourne (which at that time had none at all), the death-rate in the older metropolis was 0'8 per 1000 higher than in the Victorian capital; while as to filth diseases, that the deaths from diarchfeal complaints were 1S-5S in Sydney, as against 1603 in Melbourne, and from these maladies Wether with typhoid 21-95 as against 23-34! .:.-., Now the facts relating to these horrible disclosures were 'perfectly well knartra at the time to the rulers of some at least, if not all, of the daily papers ; and we have it on the best authority that an interview even took place between tho officials of the Water and Sewerage Board and the responsible head of One of the then most influential journals, to discuss what course should be taken as to giving publicity to facts of such vital public moment. Vet not one word upon tho eubjsct was permitted to appear in any non professional publication excepting Truth. i'oor, garrulous 'Granny,' which, with tho dubious fragrance of Ebenezer barely covering a whiff of brimstone, can writu whole pages without daring to express tho ghost of half a ghost of an opinion upon any subject under tho sun, lifted her palsied hands in sinng do-nothingism and holy horror at the bare idea of an unBavory revela tion, or of any disclosure whatsoever which should put tho smirking money-bags and ' nicest people' in an azure funk, and refused to devote herxtben still influential columns to any such valuable and serious public service. Other journals adopted a like attitude ; fearing to raise a panic, aad forgetting that only, often times, from panic can any but tho most perfunctory reform arise; and so not a single daily nor ordinary weekly papsr would tackle and boll the shadowy, gruesome beast of Plague-inviting Filth. But Truth, less squeamish and more hearty, and impressed with ths supreme importance of a public knowledge of tho terrible facts in question, did publish Some of the worst of them, and uttered at tho same time its most impressive warnings on tho subject. In spite of those utterances (and of others, more technical, and published in a purely professional periodical) Sydne. landlords were permitted to continue scoop, iug in their blood money ; and tho press in general went on its daily way as though tho public health or public death-rato were of no possible coucern — as though tho city nestled in all the purity and sweetness of a violet and primrose bed — as though great Jove descended on her, not as on the fair and royal. Danae, in a shower of gold, but in a true Australian downpour of Condy's fluid audeau de cologne ! And yet how painfully prophetic have these pregnant words of Warning proved, written shortly after Christ mas, 1890, by the very author of the present lines :— ' With weather such as we are miflering from, there is no knowing at what moment some terrible outbreak of filth diseaaes may occur under the circumstances described ; and the ncgleot of immediate sanitary precautions may inflict on Sydney a visitation as awful as that of the ' Black Death' (bubonic plague) and other filth scourges which decimated the people of the Middle Ages .'' Ten years ago no thought existed, save in the minds of a few, that the molt deadly of all maladies, the horrible ' Black Death,' would ever.invade the favored Sunny South, where we laugh at cholera, and 'put the thumb unto the nose and turn the lingers out' at hydrophobia. But we have de liberately invited the grim Bubonic Plague, and it has takon us at our word. It has accepted Sydney's politely tendered invita tion, and has come ; for how long, or with what result, God only knows ! At all events, lot us see how we now stand in relation to the fell disease. For this, no noed of the binocular, right end or wrong end I No need of Samuel Weller's ' pair o' patent double million majmifyin' gas micro* scopes of hextra power'!!' We hare it on the testimony of Dr. Ashburton Thompson — on the published testimony of so trusted aa official as the President of the Board of 'Health— on testimony published even in the 'Sydney Morning Herald*' — that at this present moment only one ..in .every 22. houses .within the city of Sydney is properly connected with the sewers ; ad that in the house in Sussex-street in which. Captain Dudley -contracted plague, the mwetage. connections were so defective that. th« rats (which appear to be undoubtedly the chief medium of plague dissemination^ could — and did— get up the defective drain-piped into the upper story ; for the Captain found, one morning, id tho water-oloset, five dead rats, which ho himself removed — as events unhappily provcd-~at tho cost ot liis life. Apart from the qi^stiou of plague, tho imperfect sewer connections of every 21 out or '22 houses in the city aro a most grovious source of danger, declares tho doctor, as to uphold ; and upon t'is aspect of the matter Dr. Aruistiong, the Buard's medical officer for the Metropolitan district, who has lately made a special- examination of a -large -arei, which -includes- Miller's PpiDt, is txpscte-i to say something very i decided in a report ho is. preparing on the subject. How conies it that this awful state of things exists after the solemn warnings uttered tea years since ? The .-mswor is not far to seek. This is the price that we ara paying— or rather, unfortunately, a portion of tho price — for our long and obstinato neglect to establish a Sydney County Council or other uuiued administration for the wliole of the metropolis, ouo department of which would necessarily be a Standing Hyciene and Health Committee, possessiug almost autocratic powers in everything relating to sanitation over the cntiro metropolitan area. At present, efficient jurisdiction is frittered away by infinitesimal division— a division triple as to its nature, and numerically nearly fifty-fold. There is the Board o'f Health, which is largely an aivUatory body armed with but limited oxecutive puwers ; then there are something like half a hundred municipal councils, of which the chief is of course tho City Corporation ; aud there is tho Water and Sewerage Board, whose absolute jurisdiction begins only outside tho city boundaries. Since the iatter body (created in I8SU) re ceived the extremely comprehensive powers conferred on it by the Amending Act ot lS8a, it has effected au amount ot good for which we cannot bo too thankful. It has brought about the establishment of a thorough aud eilicient course o[ teaching and examination iu sanitation and sauiUiry plumbing at the Sydney Technical College ; and has so reformed tho practice of liieso matters, that tho London '' Building News,' in an article on 'Sanitary Plumb ing Reform at tho Antipodes/' which appeared in September, J 890, declared that ' tlio progress made in sanitary plumbing in Sydney during the past four years has been phonomeual, and will shortly stand before the world as an example of the most com plete advancement.' Tho Board, where it ii-8 jurisdiction, may cause an inspection to bo made of the sanitary arrangements of any building, may give notice to the owner or occupier of any changos required to be made, and if these be not carried out wilhiu a specified time may do the work itself and recover the expeuse at law from the parties concerned. And how ably it fulfils its duties, in the face of tho widespread hostility to wards it, arising out of the invidious and unfair position in which it is placed as regards the Public Works Department on the one hand and the City Council on tho other, is vouched for by Dr. Thompson in the statement that outside the city boundaries, every house that is connected with the sowors is connected on proper sanitary principles.' But how great has been the neglect of the city authorities for years past may be judged (apart from Dr. Thompson's assertion) from the suddon aud feverish activity which has marked tho last two months. Unly tue other day, tue Mayor, Sir Matthew Harris, himself stated that between January 1 and February 24 proceedings had been taken by his council !Q no fewer than 440 coses where the sewer age arrangements were insanitary or in complete ! 'It is useless to cry over spilt milk ;' and the foregoing has boen written to show how huge a quantity of that nutritious fluid has metaphorically been wasted, and how the spilling has occurred. The 'creation of a County Council, or the alternative arming of the Board of Health with strong and plenary executive powers, can only be a slow and tardy, work of legislation. What is now jm peratively needed is prompt, energetic, and above all .impartial action. That past action has been neither prompt nor energetic we have shown ; that it is not impartial the following- facts well prove. After Captain Dudley's ' death the Board of Health re solved 'that the houses in Sussex-street, and at Drummoync, should be quarantined, fumigated, cleansed and disinfected.' Later on the head of the Government declared that ' in the interests of public safety isola tion was essential, and everv house iu which the plague appeared should be isolated, and tho people therein quarantined, regardless of what it might cost.' Certainly ! uothiug could show sounder statesmanship ! Yot it appears by a statement to thu press, made by the member for Balmain North, that al though Dudley's sail-loft in Sussex- street whs duly fumigated, disinfected, and quarantined, 'the ground floor of the said building, including a produce storo and the oih'ces adjoiuinj, is open aud continues busi ness, and has never been closed.' At this moment, on tiiis very Sunday morning, we stand absolutely face to face with ono of the gravest physical dangers that has ever darkened .Sydney or Aus tralia. Apart from tho possibility of decimation by the terriblo Bubonic Plague — that grim ' Black Death ' whose victims number millions— there is the lesser, but still exceedingly grave risk of typhoid and the yet more deadly typhus, diphtheria, smallpox, cholera, dysentery, diarrhoea and other scourges, all arising in the main from filth, insanitary conditions, and foul pollu tion of the air and water. Should muggy autumnal rains succeed the long-continued summer drought and dust, it is difficult to say what horrors may not visit Sydnoy, with 21 out of every 22 of tho city houses (over 95 per cent, of tho whole) iiuprope:l, connected with the sewers ! What Tjiuri'i desires — nay, what on behalf of the public it demands— apart from the destruction of rats or any other measure deemed necessary by the Hoard of Health, or the City Council's flushing and disinfecting crusado, is an immediate and efficient house to houso inspection of all drain connections and sanitary fittings throughout the city. Such a course is the more imperatively required because wo are now confronted with a double danger : not only the ever-present risk from sewer ga ; and filth in general, but the fresh and startling one of plague-stricken rats peregrinating through defective drains and fittings, and 'lying in our very midst, as they did at Captain Dudley's. When, fivc-ind-twenty years ago, the spread in London of cholera, typhoid aud smallpox was painfully approhended, such a course was energetically taken, and the vast metropolis was rendered one of the healthiest— for its enormous size the healthi est— in tho world ; for, with its population of nearly 5,000,000, its annual death- rats is now below 19 per 1000. It is useles for hygienic purposes ! — to waste time in blaming particular officials for. favoritism or perfunctory performance of their duties. Almost as useless, too, are palliative measures when circumstances cry for radical reform. What is demanded is immediate expert action. Let the Board of Health, the' City Council, and the Water and Sewerage Board confer together, in this grave emergency, loyally and without jealousy, and summon to their counsels the President or some other leading member of the Institute of Architects, or sujh a man as the able Technical College .lecturer on sanitary engineering (who was also formerly in charge of the building aud contracting department). Let a joint work ing committee of those bodieB be estab lished ; let them; if necessary, seek from the Government special powers and funds for their operations; and let. them appoint a posse of expert inspectors thoroughly conversant with both . the principles and -practice of building construction and soientific sanitation. Let tho sewerage, ^arrangements of every : single building within tlie'City -be ^thoroughly;' structurally and scientifically.:- examined, and -whatever is found wrong be rectified with all possible dispatch. . Whatever, ths initial cost of this, it will bo cheap if it save a thousand lives, as it easily may do. Let this be done entirely without pauic, though with promptitude, and with tho same uii .flaggiug energy and resolution in dealing with a relentless but unseen oncmy that iu military matters has been used towards the beleaguering- Boers. It cannot bo too strongly borne in mind that ' The flighty purpose nover is o'ortook. Unless t|ie deed go with iU' 