THE COMPANY AT MK. HARRY RICKARDS' NEW TIVOLI THEATRE. KID SYDMAN'S GHOST I'd joined the gre*t majority, the un known I explored, And to the vast empyrem my won tar ing spirit soir'd, Through star-lit fields of frczsn space it plied its eager wings. And, as it miles by mi lions piss'd, met queer uncanny things On tatter'd scraps of wildcat scrip its knavish vendors fied Pursued by melancholy ghosts, a widow's at their head. Here sweaters from avenging fiends all vainly sought to itae : From haunting shades of slander'd nuns a perjured Slattery, J3y conscience scourged, in terror flaw, till in the photosphere Of solar furnace he was cast, I saw him disappear With crowds of other lying ones in fierce eternal flame— Whose fuel they are doom'd to be (its volume to maintain). Indeed, the great majority seem'd hastning to a fate They certainly could not attain through Peter's golden gate. Anon a hurried ghost I met that I could plainly note Had worn, in life, a slouch'd felt hat and weatherworn top-coat. As dark as night its eyes and hair had evidently been, While for a bushland. spook 'twas staid and of a musing mien, Yes, well I knew tbati flitting shade which paus'd with absent frown, And so I siid, 'How goes it, Kid? Why ! when did you come down ? I don't know if 'twas up or down,' my old friend answered me, Bub I have been a trip to Mars ten thousand goabs bo see'— They call'd 'eoi beasts—all ears and hair—and sc the worlds around. The star *Arcturus then I tried, but there I only found Big uuicorns with scaley hides, and what is more, the track Was jusb the worsb I ever tried : I wonder I gob back. Round Birdsville way 'tis bad enough, bub that one was a treat:— I'm on my way bo cow—the butchers must have meat; Round JVega, then, I think I'll try ; or Aries, that shou'd be A likely place for big-framed sheep, it rather seems to me. I don't like Taurus much, you know— all bunyips up there ! Pure Virgo heifers never breed, they're feather'd round Altair. But talking here won't run the biz, so if you dodge Old Nick Wee'll meet again in Hindley Street some evening ab the Vic. Kid's restless spook then disappeared amidst the phanthom throng, And presently methought I heard the crack of stockman's thong As if a mob of cows he'd bought and started them away From some new run at Southern Cross, low down in ' Milky Way.' But no 1 wheu shortly I awoke I found I'd dreaming been, And then remembered, on the mail, Kid Sydman I had seen. —Drover. *a Bootes, fb Orionis. £Lyra. §aAquilla. 