For Preachers. The Preacher must be Converted. We use the word ' conversion ' in its -evangelical sense, including pardon, regeneration, and adoption. The preacher must be a Christian to begin with. Some mistaken and yet sincere souls have attempted to preach the gospel ; but no man can successfully preach the Gospel of Christ who is not a Christian. An unconverted man mav preach about the gospel, but it is ' the blind leading the blind.' The nature and spirit of the gospel make it utterly impossible for an unrenewed man to proclaim it. The gospel is unique. There is nothing like it in the universe of God. It has no counterpart, and can not be duplicated. It is unearthly and supernatural, and possesses a Divine element which can neither be discerned nor employed by the natural man. ' For what man knoweth the things of a man saveth the spirit of man which is in him ? Even so the things of God knoweth no man, but the Spirit of God.' Now, we have not received the spirit of the world, but the Spirit which is of God ; that we might know the things that are freely given to us of God. ' This sacred treasure is deposited in earthen vessels, that the excellency of the power may be of God, and not of us.' No man can be a depository of this precious treasure who is not soundly and thoroughly converted. ' God hath hid these things from the wise and prudent, and revealed them unto babes. It may seem untimely to raise this question, but it is not unpardonable. We doubt if there has ever been a time in the history of the Church when there were more unconverted or backslidden preachers in the pulpit than now. There ' certainly never was a time when there were so many temptations for the un circumcised and the unclean to assume the role of the preacher. The Church has become popular and wealthy. The pulpit has become secularised, and tempting baits are offered to preachers of superior ability. The offence of the cross has ceased very largely, and no marvel that men who are destitute of vital godliness should, with sandaled feet, press their way into the sacred ranks of the ministry. Who are the men who, as a rule, control the appoint ments ef the preachers in our large and wealthy Churches ; Are they the men who represent the piety of the Church ? Are they the spiritual magnets who are on hand at the prayer and class meet ings, and in the hottest of the battle when souls are flocking to our altars crying for mercy ? No. They are the men of social influence, who steer shy of these sacred associations. These men are not putting a premium on piety. As a rule, men of marked spirituality are not sought for these high places, lest they might make it uncomfortable for these sinners in Zion. Popular preach ers, fromv the world's standpoint, who are good ' mixers,' are preferred, with little regard to their real piety. Is it any wonder that men who tremble for the Ark of God should seem to be alarmists, when the Holy Ghost is bowed out and the world invited in, and the pulpit degraded to the plane of a lecture plat form, where people are invited to go for entertainment rather than spiritual edification ? A secular Church is sure to resort to questionable means in the attempt to substitute spirituality. Thus it is seea that a premium is placed upon men of little or no vital piety, and many of our Churches are content with stones instead of the bread of life. The time for neutrality and sickly conservatism has passed. The Church is flooded with light and shut up to the alternative of intense spirituality, or desertion, decay and death. The anxious question, ' What ails the Church ? ' finds a solu tion in the unwelcome discovery that she has suffered a spiritual declination. In too many instances a semi-gospel has taken the place of the living, vitalizing gospel of Christ, which is the ' power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth.' If the bugle-call of Metho dism for the twentieth century meets a generous response throughout our Zion, the reformation must begin in the pulpit. The sons of L9vi must be purged an 1 filled with the Holy Ghost, that our altars may flame with old- time power, and the Church be swept by a mighty tidal wave of revival influence, which shall shake her from centre to circum ference. After all, we are not a morbid pessimist, but a normal optimist. While we steadfastly believe that there never were so many unconverted or back slidden preachers in our pulpits as now, we as firmly believe that there never were so many truly good, consecrated preachers in the Churches as now. While there is cause for alarm, there is also cause for rejoicing. There never was as much intelligent piety on the face of the earth as now. And never were there such grave responsibilities facing the Church. God is calling in trumpet tones : 'To your tents, O Israel ! ' Let the priests be clothed with salvation, and the saints will shout for joy and the new century will break upon the world in millennial glory. — Western Christian Advocate U.S. A 