-'?'??? ?.?'? . ? ?''????%? ???f.V;; :r;; j:.^:... We are compelled to hold over several items;. : '.,'^''^,'l;'^-f'- ';?-' i/y ;';.;(?;'.? j .,; ,',-.'':'. ;»j, . '??.- .-, -.:'.?',' ?'?? 'V -L. ???-.' J \ Therearernmore thafi SirGporge Tumex is to be opposed in St! EUda yirheateaoeteire-electioa consequent oh tabngnprer ^ie PremiereMp. :? For very many meetings past the following order has appeared on the notice paper of the St. Kilda council :j ' Report of committee appointed tot inquire into the working of the ad ministrative and clerical branches of the Council work.' Further than this the subject has not budged an inch. Ae last as it was called upon at each succeeding meeting, the faster it was postponed Some of the councillors, in fact, hadn't the ghost of an idea as to who constituted the committee. Very often at council meetings a question and answer would be heard something after this style : *' Councillor X : ' Who is on this committee ? ' The Town Cleik : ' You are on your yourself.' Where - at Councillor X would sink back into his cushioned chair and dream a lot of Tommy rot about himself. Before Cr Hughes was raised to the Mayoral throne he constituted himself nagger in -chief, and he used to periodically pester \laver Kemp a8 to when the committee was going to .bring up its report. Bat since assuming the Mayoral robes himself, Cr Hughes has constituted himself the commit tee's chief apologist, and only smolcd a smile whenever mention was made of the committee. A couple of meet j ings back the committee's report was. postponed for a fortnight, as it proved, for the last time. This was owing to the absence of Cr Kemp, who at the time was gallantly charg ing the Eastern Suburbs kopje in ja,n endeavor to blot out the name of Frank Madden from the political map. Cr Kemp was present at last j Monday evening's council meeting, ' and he raised no objection to having ? I the order struck off the notice paper ! Struck off it was, amidst sighs of j relief from everybody. So what at first seemed a mountain dwindled j ? . ? j ? i_ l:i, d_..l^*. 1^1~~ tlin UUWU tU a Ulyjiti LHI1. -L LUUdULJ' uug task was of too herculean a character for councillors to tackle. Of course the corporation officials themselves qow breathe freely, as they had bsen living in a state of fear and trembling ! lest the report of the committee, should it ever have bef-*n brought up, would have advocated the raising of their salaries ! We have been requested to state that Madame and Miss Summer hayes have removed from Hawks burn Roid to 'Cremona,' Toorak Road, South Yarra. Frank Williams, of Trinian-st., owns a cow, and the cow wandered into Williams road. At Prahran Court last Thursday, Williams was charged by Inspector Harry Rider with allowing his cow to wander at la-ge. Rider said this was the fourth time he had charged defend ant with the same offence over the same cow, and that whenever spoken to defendant was ' cheeky.' A fine of 40 was imposed. Mr G. L. Skinner, on behalf of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals prosecuted Daniel Henry, a van driver in the employ of Foy and Gibson, with working a horse under circumstances that involved cruelty in Chapel-st South Yarra, on the 3rd inst. for the prosecution, and accused was fined 20'- witli ill- costs. The concert recently held in the Foresters Hall, South Yarra, tinder the auspices of the Laurel Lodge U.A O D , (of which Mr B. Matthews of Toorak road, is the secretary) in aid of Brother T. Parker, who has for some time past been totally blind, realized the handsome sum of £25 os 6d. The expenditure as the balance sheet shows is put down as nil, the lodge very generously meet ing all the expenses of the enter taiment. A lecture entitled ' On the shores of the Never-never,'will De delivered in the Punt road Presbyterian Schoolroom by Mr iineas Gunn, F. K.G.S. this evening. Admission free, collection in aid of the asso ciation for the advancement of the blind. The Association for the Advance ment of the Biind held their 4th annual picnic at the Caulfield race course ? (which was kindly lent by the V.A..T.C.) on Monday,Nov. 12th, when a very enjoyable day was spent, at which about 200 of ihe blind and their friends attended. A programme of games' and sports was carried out during the afternoon consisting amongst others of the following — String winding compet tions for blind ladies, and also 100 yards toot race tor blind gentlemen by meansof rings running on ropes. The association wish to thank Mr G. H. Bennett for donation of cordials, and also many others, who contributed in various ways. The Prahran Band concert proved a pleasant function. A report will appear next issue Mr F. C. Gray, ex-M.L.A., has been appoined organising secretary to the Metropolitan Early Closing Association at a salary of £3 per week. At a special meeting rf the Christ Church Men's Club, of which Mr A. Bryan is tlie hon. secretary, the finances were reported to be in a flourishing condition, due entirely to the energy and ability of Mr Bryan. It was decided to hold a special musical evening on the 29th inst, -n the club room, Punt road, when it is expected there will be a representative gathering. Wlm* ii r)paicrnnf«fl a 'Ciranii YeA eral Display'' is to take place in the Praliran Oity Hall on. Tuesday even ing the J27th inst. This wil include music, elocution and dancing by the combined pupils of 'It George Andrews and ifrG. Malcolm KuBsel. , 