HOW DOGS ARE STOLEN- "Stolen! Dogs are never stolen!" a member of the trade to the "P.W.1' niaqflH who had found him out. "They are and stray around, and we find them give the poor creatures a home," and ghost of a wink trembled on the It is the hidden meaning of this can d statement which accounts to a certain tent for the popularity of the dog etealeraijfB profession. The charge of theft in tlie:H case of dogs is always difficult to provskB and In nine cases out of ten, when owner&l;| do recover their lost darlings, tlicyamB so transported with joy that they gladlsH forgive the thief. Besides this, It lucrative profession, and one which, un9l like burglary, may be carried on all, the year round without interruption. : JRJ®® "There are two branches of the trade," the "pro." confessed. "There are someW, li who imprison dogs solely in thetiopethat a reward will be offered, and very often,- M if no notice is taken, they allow the dogs W- to escape again. Amateurs, those are.i'.j he explained with a contemptuous shrug. "How do we set about the work? Well B there's an element of risk In it, of course® Bitten? Scores of times", but, bless know how to handle the creatures. metliod is to fasten a morsel of liver ln-VH side the bottom of the trousers! That'qiB a bait which most dogs can't resist. follow you home — come away from any-t-IA body for a choice morsel — and there Men who make a living by dog stealing|jB|H are usually (he possessors of a horse trap, and no sooner is the amorous -dogUBjH round the corner than he Is bundled Intai-VHH "What do wc do with tliem when wc'yefj|| got 'em? Why, sell 'em, of course," saldUHH the man in the trade. "Advertisements are put in all the doggy papers, and creatures are sent on approval. That why such good bargains two so made. Of course, we do not'" hagguaBB vd er price. A clear profit of a few shjlA,'5B lings or a few pounds, as the case be, is all we want." "Then .the advertisement columns papers would be a good place to look fi/BjH points of resemblance with "Yes; but you won't publish that, The "P.W." man said he would try to, but lie had an una rendnf ab1" wea k 1 for publishing things which he could' noV'1 B always overcome. Besides, it was a of value. . "We have a system of 'swopninFYHM booty," the man went on. "A dog s t calf j lip in York, we'll say, sends a collie dF- wKB here for me to sell, and when I have rfB thing I dare not advertise) in- LondY' why one of my pals does the same .'Aw ojB me. You see we know one anotljJi%/ the trade." 3® JkaJ "Difficult work sending' the d|jBflln3Kkj| train? Well, it is that. Not so London, you know, as in the provBigTi when a valuable dog is wcU-4j3wn|jlw|TlH everybody. The man who fcjSSg'gfer' jX(B ".Stolen the dog?" suggestedmSKP.'a man, seeing liis infonnant h eatanhg r the right word. ;J&." vHjf /If II H| "Acquired possession of going to say," replied the man haugnthAljHB "Well, anyhow, the man who Ji2&SCTK;!SM B dog goes out to some little station atdB-fB 11 down the line, and books the aniujfSpiB |H from there." .|;jB H Unfortunately, this trade Is one which.-! B pays remarkably well. It is carried .' jBJH on methodically, and considerable profits arc made. — "Pearson's Weekly." -4j I | Tlic Queen, who was stopping in Lor : tg | don in order to be in close touch wit!Ki;.W|H the War Office, lias now taken tui k'eflE residence at Osborne, s 1 