The "Twopenny Tube." In these days of opposition to the establishment of the elestrio system of tramways in oeitiis places in Australia, l the following deeodption of up-to- date London methods by. an English girl will be read with interest:—This morning we went np to the British Museum by the 'Twopenny Tube'—otnerwise the eleotrio railway, which IUOB from 8hep' herd's Bush to the Bank, in the (Jity L in 20 inmates, and for twopence all the way. There are dozens of stetious all the way np, all throngh the parts of London that are as a role difficult to get at. For instanop, by any otber route it would take over an hour to get to the Bank. Thie Twopenny Tube is qoite new, and is simply enchanting, course it rone underground entirely, but oh! what a difference from the underground railway! Well, first of all yon •lank down your twbpenoe, and are given in exchange a tioket, whioh you drop into a box as you pass the barrier. Ton then walk into a | erfeot ' room 1 of lift, and*immediately you are gently lowered into the very, bowela of Ihe earth —all brilliantly lighted like a ballroom with eleotrio light. Then you go down few steps on to a deliriously oiean, un Londonlike platform with asingleline and a tunnel of deep blackness and tiny siee at each end. The walls of these stations are onrved inwards, and are of beautiful pare white, shiny brick, witb the name hugely and clearly written up—and oh marvellous! Ho advertisements that lead pocr foreigners and ehorts'ghted people to suppose that every station is called, 'Stephens' Blue Blaok,' OgdenV Guinea Gold,' or 'Epps' Cocoa.' Here and there are casual looking garden seats whioh tobody ever has time to we, because before you have be :n ia this mo lei station aminnta a train oomes along with an alarming looking torpedo-shaped engine and long oomdor oars—all one class—heoanas why ? Because it ia all one price—two pence—qoite Booisbls aidsooielisii$ahd all that kind of thing. Tm ture socialist would love it; beeansslf he were to travel at about & o'clock henould probably have a workman's oilcan affectionately rubbed against his frook ooat and a hobnailed boot placed protootiogly on his patent leathers I But perfiaps socialists don't wear patent leathers and frook ooata. I should think it would be wiser not 1 Well, the seats in the oars an very oomfortable, and the whole ' get np * of the train is oiean and attractive, and therefore moat unlike the usual London conveyances should think you oould travel all day on the Twopenny Tube without getting a ghost of a smut on yoofnose, and the aafee oould be wid of no other plaoe in London, The trains travel at s splendid paoe, with only a few iuobea on either side bftween tin train and ihe tmmr]— veritable tube. The stops at the itstioas are only of a few Seconds,and yon are off almost before yon realise the name of the s atfon. Condoo'ors stand at «ach end of the oorridorr, and as yon leave a station shout out the name of the next. It is all made delightfully easy for you, and when you reach yout ^ra particular station ion bundle ont, get into the wai ing lift, and in no time find youtBelf above ground in tha busy, noisy, rushing streets, quits bewildering after the peaoe of down below 1 The return line, of course, runs parallel, and 4he platforms are divided by a mil—a lovely whits wall—with gates from ore . the other. Boafter faying your twopecoe it is quite optional whether yon go oltysardf or westwards. It is wonder* - fully airy, and they/ay in hot weather it is beautifully oool and draughty, I suppose allthe air fs pumpeddown, becaose never a glimpse, of daylight, do you have frcm start to finiah—all bright eleotrio lilht. -Of oonrae, it is a tremsndoos snooeas, but I nuppose it will, be years belore it rSally pays. It baa been years building, pad mut l)|tTe been a hugely •x^ensive jab/ : 