Wheat, &c.; — As the time of year has about come when most of those who are interested in our staple product have turned from their last crop and begin to take interest in and speculate as to the prospects of the coming harvest, perhaps a fen words will not be out of season. The Stanley district has been perhaps one of the most favored during the past. season. and in only a very few mstano^TTaa a crop been what oue might call a failure, thoiigh many had some of their best patches ruth lessly damaged by our cold friend Jack Frost. It is to be hoped that our eo far wet season will be continued, end what at pre sent is showing so well may escape the many trials it is liable to, Use of mineral superphosphates and the drill is now almost general in the district, and splendid results have been obtained, especially where care nas oeen laKeu to select me most suitable manure and the best of seed. Al together the jield far the past season totalled close on 35,000 bag6 — not quite so much as the very respectable figures of days gone by, but still a very fair contribution towards the colony's supply. Most of this wheat Has been pasted on, but there are still some 7,000 bags held in the hands of those who are waiting for a turn of the market — a turn that is often missed wtien it does come. One noticeable feature of this season's wheat has been the improve nieut in the grain aud tLe variety of wheat grotvu. Many of the hybrid wheats, which many were experimenting with to their cost .have been given up, and the good old purple straws, red straws, and some of the white variety of bearded wheats hare been cultivated with advantage to the grower and tbe buyer. As a whole the wheai from the plains this season has been free from dirt and, except iu a few cases, well cleaned — although there is room for improvement yet. Under the new or gross system the cleaning of the wheat is a serious consider ation, and as the cleaner the wheat is the heavier it weighs, and less bags it takes to hold it, a considerable saving in outlay for j bags can be made on a crop, The high price of iiorseteed, too, should be a spur to effort in cleaning, as the more waste taken out of the wheat the less feed does the farmer requires to purchase later oo at prices which seem to be more than the wheat itself is worth. There is always far more satisfaction, too, to both buyer and seller if the sample is worth top price, and (he man who goes on the idea that he might juet us well leave it dirty as clean it weii, thinking thai he will get juet as good a price, makes a very big mistake. The de mand is for a prime clean sample, and tbe man who has a name for his wheat will a'wajs find the buyer eager to purchase. Dirty end inferior wheat is not wanted by any one — neither agent, miller, nor shipper knows what to do with it. The miller has to make his flour of the very highest standard now to keep his custom. He must therefore have the very best of wheat to grind. The shipper has the world to com pete with, and must have a clean average sample, and as competition becomes more and more keen those who wish to hold their own must be more particular as to the quality of the article they deal in. The Pbotectoe.— Now that the Pro tector has gone to China residents on our seaboard must feel that they are without adequate means of protection in the event of a foreign invasion ! It would have been as well for the daily and other papers to have kept silent with regard to the offer of the boat, instead of blatantly relating to the rest of the world that our eole means of naval defence has left us! The much dreaded Russians, if they are fully alive to the opportunity, will now swoop down on our shores, take possession of the Port and the city, and not release the inhabitants until payment is made of a huge indemnity, in cluding something like £1,COO,OOJ each for members of the Ministry, and at least £500,000 each for members of, Parliament. Of course, we could not pay that, and they, the originators of the mischief, by their action, would be taken away as prisoners of war. Happy release— for South Australia ! Or, perhaps, if the Russians are not equal to tbe occasion, the Chinese, in retaliation for the mischief the Protector is going to work them on their coast, will send a fleet man ned by Boxers to wreak their vengeance upon us, in which case their will be no mention of any ransom for the Ministry or members of- Parliament either. Perhaps, however,the Minis try in sending the Protector to help Great Britain end the other Powers outof their troubles has beeuactuated by the selfish motive of being perhaps able to dispose of the vesBel to the Imperial authorities. If euch be the case we uphold their action, for the sooner our navy is disposed of for a a satisfactory cries the better. We nav quite enough to keep the Australian Squad ron at least somewhere near us, and we need have no fear for even the Russians would hesitate to approach our shores ujw that they know what South Aus tralian soldiers have done in South Africa. Thoopeb Webb. — The Rev. R, B.Webb, has received a telegram from the Chief Secretary stating that Trooper Webb had left South Africa on August 2 in the ship Damascus for Adelaide, invalided home. A letter from Trooper Webb is crowded out of this issue. Mb. W. Silveb. — About three and a half years ago Mr. William Silver, a son of Mr. James Silver, of Glare, proceeded to Europe with a view of studying for the' musical profession. On his arrival he en tered lhe Smttgatt Gonservatorium as a pianoforte student, and became the pupil of Herr Max. Pauer for the pianoforte, and Herr S. de Lauge for composition. Mr. Silver returned to Adelaide by the N.D.L. steamer Prinz Regent Luitpold on Sunday, bringing wun mm nign credentials as a pianoforte player. In the course of a few days he will make his £rst public appear ance in Adelaide. W.O.T.U. — On Thursday, evening, Au gust 2, a gospel temperance meeting in connection with the local W.C.T.D. wai held in the Wesleyan Lecture Hall. The Rev. M. Harris, who presided, spoke on home influences. Homi| should be the best, safest, and brightest place to our boys and girls ; and parents should uee their best endeavors to make it such by their upright, honorable example by striving to make il attractive, providing games, books, mueic, and thus counteract the tendency to spend their evenings from home in questionable places of amusement. The Rev. C. F. Smith expressed pleasure at seeing such a good attendance. Rumor had stated that England was to be invaded in November, but England did not fear a foreign inva sion. But a strong foe was already within her shore — one that needed to be fought courageously. War had slain many, but the drink traffic had slain more. Miss George, the colonial secretary of the W.O.T.U., during an earnest and vigorous address on temperance reform gave the following striking quotations : — Canon Wilberforce on patriotism. — A very large proportion of their fellow-men from heredi tary tendancy or from inability to conquer their passions were not strong enough to resist the temptation to drink, so here they stepped in and said the wisest thing was to close mouths, and have nothing to do with. Did they not see therefore that their total abstinence became absolute patriotism. Every man they coutd lead from darkness to light was so much absolute gain to the nation. Total abstinence had saved more lives than the medical faculty, more money than the savings bank, and more crimes than all the police courts. Their experience had proved this over and over again. Miss Roberts in ' A paper on the temperance reform at the National Council of women of New Zealand.' In the reforms that are taking place and lie in the future the ap peal for deliverance from evil must he made to the people themselves, and not, as in the past, to tbose who bear rule over them ; and though this means a longer process it also means a more efficient one, for an evil recognised as such' by a majority of the people, aud by them voluntarily destroyed, has no chance of again becoming active. This was the attitude of the temperance party towards the liquor reform. Lord Shaftbury says that it would be impossible to live in London had it not been for the temperance work of the last 50 or 60 years. The meeting was interspersed with musical selections by Misses Hooper and Pearl Blight, a solo by Misses May and Roach, and a dialogue by Misses Hoare, Trestrail, Ashbv, and Lewcock, and the ' L. T. L.' by Miss V. Walden and Masters J. Blight, S. and J. McDougall. Oub Soldiers. — Numerous funny anec dotes are related about our soldiers in South Africa. This is not a bad one : — A party of South Australians were out scouting in force, and came across a house, which they imagined was a Boer ambuscade. After firing at itj for about eight hours they ad vanced in line to take it, and on arriving found only oue occupant — an old man mending some boots. They asked him if he had seen any Boers. He said, no, he had not seen any for 15 years, as they never came near him. Imagine the feelings of our soldiers. Ghosts. — It is notright that Clare should should lack its ghost story, when so many i South. Australian towns are boasting about heir sheet-attired visitors. We do not know whether this ghost — the Clare ghost, we mean — was attired in ibe conventional ghost-like way, but prob=!i}!_v as i: was seen in tbe old Clare mil! it w ;s at any rate eome»b:it while. Two residents of the town, while promenading through Main street ? ;;?-. night last week, ha.-l th-sr atten tion attri'.ciird lir an umiiumI noi?e in the mill, :he noise b-iiug that of u persuu walk ing from ono floor to the other, while a light was «l*o io evi.Jyiice. One suggested to the other ' ghosts !' but the other was sceptical, and at length they plucked up couaage to venture to a window, and en quire, ' Who is there ?' No response ; and ft reiterated demand of ' Who is there ?' brought the sound of murmuring voices, but nothing more, T e two citizens threatened the ' ghost' with ' police !' and then they heard the voice of tbe custodian of the building, who doubtless wondered what troubled them, and they decamped. 