TILE ABSENT-MINDED BEGGARS. A TIMELY PARODY. When you've roared your" olRue Brltannl"-likewiso \- shrieked-"God Savo the Queen"- when you've punished poor old Kruger with'yonr purse When yoo've swarmed your million shillings in the well-worn tambourine For the men who blew tile Boers to bits-or worsc You're on nbsent-mindod bfggor, and your fault are no a few ; But you've treated Tommy well-so never mind him ; He's all right-he's wiped the slate, oad written glory on anew, So let's help the thousand poor he's leftbehind him. Drunk's son-whose son ?--son of a pauper train Hundred thousand sick and blind, moot of'em old aud grey; Each of 'ea starving-or something worse,--and Swho's to give case to their pain ? Lend a hand for your conscienc sakeo; and pay lay-pay! There are girls were married secret, and the husband -where is he? There are babes with faces white and bodies lean; There are men--srcee men.you'd reckon-men with strength of ilfancy; And all creatures sinful, uigly, poor and mean - There's au ed hundre d lr ooupers knonckin knocking at our loor ; And each absent-minded beggar-wo'd remind him That there Isn't much in glory when the everlastiug poor Cry for help to those that Tommy's left behind him. Bleggars-pnupers-cripples of all degree Children of common criminals-(they're human. any-way I) Each of 'em sick to the soul with pain, and pleading for charity Give'em a chance for your pity's sake : and pay pay- pay l There ore famllies-wcll -hundreds, don't mind begging, if they cal- And it's marvel how the wretches live at all; For they starve on nothing's fraction-leaviogs of their fellow-uman ; Vith one hope - thle preacher and the paupers' poll; Vhilo the absent-minded beggar, out on Southern Afric's veldt- With his regiment that didn't need to find him Weeps with joy oa well as sorrow as the manly spirits melt As he marks the funds for those be left behind him. Dog's job-no job- job at a sweating prico- Sickly ercatores swlnghirts--a shilling for the day! Each of 'em wishing that she wore dead-yet living ' the life of vice Think of the poor for your churches' sake, and pay- pay-pay ! We're no traitors!-God forbid-but loyal and true as anyone; nd wo re tg God's greatestgrandcst,hollest plea Feed the hungry-heal the sick--the naked clothe as thou hath done Unto them-so wilt thou do it unto M ie." lo's an absent-minded beggar, but he's doing vry well ; And we're none the less a patriot to remind him That we're filling jail and work-honse-sending human souls to hell. To gild the gold that Tommy's left behind him; -To fill the purse and pantry left behind him. Man's home--beast's home-home of a fevered crowd- Home of a ghost-faced, fleshless crew that curse the laughing day! Each of 'em whining for charity-screaming the Sname aloud ! Fair and square !-for the Great God's sake! \- come, pay-pay-npay Williamstown. W. H.E 