lOopyrlght.] THE WIZARD OF WHITE a WEIRD ST©RY ©P THE DIS00YERY ©F THE aUSTRZILmN ©PHL FIELDS. AN AUSTRALIAN NOVEL. BY CAPTAIN LACIE. PART VIII. It was not long after the arrival of the party from Dolan Station that James Forbes and his companion took' their departure from the cottage. ' You'll hot forget, Nora, what I asked you to promise me,' the manager whispered to the girl as he was about to mount his horse. ' I'll not forget,1 she answered. A few moments later Forbes dis appeared in the fringe of scrub which lined the clearing amidst the general adieus of his friends, while Nora gazed after him with one of those inscrutable looks which sometimes puzzled those who best knew her. That ; night Captain Barrass read for hours to his friends from the books he had brought with him. He dwelt considerably on the. indications of auriferous, argentiferous, and gem nifereous bearing areas. Opal de posits,in particular seemed to have a fascination for Allan Fitzgerald,, for were not his magic stones composed of opal, though not the precious sort. It was nearly midnight when the party broke up, and thit was an un usually late hour for the cottagers to retire. Provision kad been made to accommodate the men at the bullock dray, over which a tent was spread, and the night settled down upon as contented and hopeful a party as could be found in the universe. At daylight—and that was only a few hours after midnight—Captain Barrass and Fitzgerald were astir, and an early breakfast was soon prepared. The old military man had consider able experience of sapping and mining during his active career, and he was eager to once again try his hand at dislodging rock and earth, but under less dangerous conditions. The granite cliff near the summit of Mount Pluto was the spot on which he had fixed his mind as most likely to yield the best results with the least labour. The mouldering granite was pierced vyith fissures and honeycombed 'with small caves, and- if properly located, one keg of the powder ex ploded should give good results. The desire to see the destruction wrought had almost as much to do with the captain's eagerness as the fact that riches might be found. In fact, the probabilities in the latter direction were very remote, but still there was hope of revealing something. An hour after sunrise Fitzgerald, the captain and his son, Nora, and two other men began the ascent, carrying the powder, picks, shovels, fuse, etc. The climb was not a very difficult one, and knowing the locality so intimately, Allan Fttzgerald was able to select the easiest path. In less than an hour the base of the 'curious cliff was reached, and then the work of selecting the most suitable spot to place the charge was entered upon. The formation ex tended half round the mount, and, in fact, occupied a considerable portion of the summit. There appeared to be so many suitable firing points that the difficulty was in making a selection, and it was fully two hours before such was obtained. At length the captain discovered a spot almost hidden by the dense vegetation in which grew around. . It was in short a species of tunnel not unlike a huge wombat hole. After going almost horizontal for some twenty feet it turned to the left and dipped suddenly until a narrow wedge-like location was reached between solid rock. At this point the keg of po wder w: s placed with the long fuse attached, and then every device known to the captain was \adopted to prevent the force of the explosion working ba:k and finding vent by the entrance, There was very little- fear of that owing to the formation of the ground, but in order not to lose any of the force no effort was neglected to ensure success. The task of firing the fuse was undertaken by Captain Barrass, but no danger attended it. There was greater difficulty in securing a safe spot to witness the explosion, for the cliff appeared to be in such a crumb ling state that there was no guessing what the result of a huge explosion might be on it. At length a supposedly secure position was found by the captain about three hundred yards from the centre of the charge, and one from which an excellent view could be obtained. I( was not without trepidation that Nora Fitzgerald awaited the firing of the charge. The explosion of a gun was the strongest effect of gunpowder she had ever witnessed, but she was how to behold the power of the old monks' invention on a much grander scale. As for her father, he regarded the attempt with his customary stoical indifference. So far .is he could read his oraclc there was little chance of fortune coming to him in the way that Captain Barrass intended it should. Nevertheless, the experiment might prove interesting. It was prospecting the rocks on a gigantic scale, and that was all. It was not more than ten minuits after the ex-military man left the parly to fire the charge that he was seei running towards them with all thi speed he was capable. A hush fel upon the spectators, and as Barras: readied them, puffing and out o breath with the unwonted exertion the ground seemed to shake beneatl their feet, and the cliff appeared tc rise as a deafening report thunderec out. The air was filled with flying rocks and debris. Evidently the charge had been welj placed. For quite a minute after the firsl great explosion rocks and portions o cliff came crashing down in variou; places. Indeed, it was soon founc that the place of refuge where the party stood was scarcely safe. Pieces of the crumbling wall fell almost at their feet, and at length they had tc beat a hasty retreat further down the mount. All were eager to make an examina tion of the shattered cliff, and almost before it was safe the party went back. Charles Barrass attached himself tc Nora, for there was considerable danger in climbing about amongst the dislodged rocks, some of which might at any moment subside into the cavernous depths which existed. The destruction ol the cliff was extra ordinary, and Captain Barrass quickly came to the conclusion that it was not alone the keg of powder which had done the havoc., He rightly con cluded that some explosive gases must have been fired by the ignited powder, and that reflection caused him to warn the explorers not to use matches 01 lights of any description in theii search. In fact, he mentally con gratulated himself that none of the party had been injured or killed, foi if his conjecture regarding explosive gases were correct, the whole side ol the mount might have been blown out by their agency, and death instead ol fortune might have overtaken the prospectors. The search route taken by Nora and young Barrass was on the extreme western side of the cliff, as there the exploration seemed to be easier. The girl was a good climber, as she had plenty of practice in that line, and soon the pair were clambering amongst the debris in the vain hope of picking up ingots of gold or caskets of gems, In places the half-broken undergrowth torn and mutilated by the explosion was difficult to pass, and occasionally the two became separated by the walls of vegetation which intervened. It was on one of these occasions that a sudden call from Barrass, whe was in advance and near the summii of the mount, caused Nora to pusl along with all speed. Her first im pression was that her young fr:enc had met with an accident, her seconc he must have made a valuable dis covery. In less than half a minut< she reached Barrass, who was pointing in an excited manner towards some rocks which almost crowned the sum mit of the peak. «A strange-looking man, Miss Nora, has just run behind yonder rocks. He does not belong to our party, but perhaps you may. know him,' the captain's son hastily ex plained. ' Is lie white?' quickjy asked the girl. . 'Certainly; but clad little better than an aboriginal. He tried to avoid my seeing him, I think. There are no bushrangers here abouts that I know of,' he con cluded. - A vague suspicion began to fill the girl's mind which quickly took shape. Her father was not more j than a hundred yards off, but ' wholly absorbed in his mineral search. With a low cry Nora attracted his attention ,-\nd beckoned him to her. With rapid steps the old man came up full of expectancy and quite unprepared for the narra tive told him. 'Let us make a search, an' sure that'll settle all our doubts,' spoke Allan, after a short survey. Both the men and the girl were armed, though none of them feared violence, and in a few minutes they reached the first of the outcropping rocks and began the examination. Keeping together so as to prevent a surprise, the trio went from rock J to rock until the extreme summit of the peak was reached, and they wore able to see down a portion of the southern declivity. If Charles Barrass had seen any-, one there who wished to escape observation, there was no doubt the person would seek refuge by cross ing the peak. This knowledge caused the three to make a keen { survey of every object within sight, and it was while doing so that a figure which he well knew crossed the line of Allan Fitzgerald's vision. 'Glory be to God!' he vehemently exclaimed. • Look beyant 1 If that isn't Abel Sutcliffe 'tis his ghost!' In response to the exclamat'on Nora and Barrass turned, and as they did so, caught n glimpse of a wild looking man in the act of disappearing 1 in the dense jungle which fringed the ; brow of the mount about three I hundred yards below where they 3 stood. f The girl was deathly pale, but t scarcely more so than her father, who ] stood rigid as a statue staring below , and uttering something inaudible. 1 Charles Barrass was.not so much . affected, for the story of Abel Sutcliffe . j concerned him but little. He had i heard of the man's death in the' t ordinary way, but not knowing him, 1 f the event, tragic as it was, passed out , ; of his mind as many another item of | such news had done. The re ; appearance of the supposed dead man i had a double significance for Nora, ■, It showed that the glimpse of the face i which she had caught sight of at the : aboriginals' camp was not a delusion, but what most troubled her was the • effect which that announcement had on the man who had asked her to b< his wife. She could not banish fron> i her mind a vague and horrible sus : picion which began to shadow it, : though she strove to do so. 'Abel SutclifTe, you say?' spoke Barrass, breaking ihe silence. ' Of course you don't mean that poor fellow who lost his life in the Black Range some time ago.' •Troth then I do. 'Tis no other Abel Sutcliffe I know,' responded Allun Fitzgeruld, ufter a long - pause, and speaking slowly. Barrass looked puzzled, as well he might. ' I don't quite understand,' he began. 'You believe the poor fellow did not lose his life at the spot, I suppose. Yet if that were so, why did—or why does:—he not return to his friends?' questioned the young man. ; ' His friends ?' repeated the Irish man. ''Tis few of thim I think he had. His woife didn't act properly, but betwane us 'tis a subject best left alone. If Abel isn't mad altogether, I don't understand why lie should live wifl black crathurs, though,' vaguely answered Allan. By this time Captain Barrass and the two station-hands had reached the group, and they listened with wonder to the story. 'If three of you saw the fellow, *there can't surely be any mistake,' spoke the captain. ' The best thing we can do is go in pursuit and get to the bottom of the mystery. We have about six hours of daylight yet, and may be able to drop on the poor fellow. Let's make a start. I'll take the west side with Ted and Jack here, while you three can come round by yonder gully. That's the best way I can see to dispose our forces,' hastily concluded the captain in a decisive tone. Fitzgerald, now roused from the peculiar apathy which had seized upon him, quickly responded to the in vitation, and seeing that the plan proposed by Barrass was the best under the circumstances, he did not attempt to suggest anything else. ' Let us meet at yonder granite peak, and two shots fired in quick succession will be the signal for either party that something important has been discovered. Come along, lads,' commanded the captain. As Batrass and his I wo companions filed away down towards the western slope of the jungle, I^iizgerald, with his daughter and the captain's son, took the opposite route. By that method the two parties would be able to make an exhaustive search of the belt of timbered country which faced them and ran down to the glen at the base of the mount. The old bushmari well knew that if the mysterious fugitive really wished to escape his pursuers it would not be an easy task to capture him. Nevertheless, the quest was one which pleased him. To Be Continued. 