1BK MiilEaiST S CRIBiJ, , ' !v--V r- , VUBLHttOBD JBT SPkftlAL ARRANaRMBNT. ' Alttor ol "ITio C.vut Porter Square Mystery, " "Grif," "Tho Stcrud NmrireL»» "Mlrfom BomII. » "A. Fair. Jcwen," "Tho Golden Tho. Betrayal, of Joka Fordhtm," Ac., Ac, COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER X.— (Coutffiwjf.) It woa. during ono of lito later vioiU to ' Faria.that ho mot .tho young lady who booomo, bls.occond wifo. Tlio puwlonH and inclinations of mon aro mutters of imnulHe and., inhoritanoo, nod though thoy may be controlled , thoy - cannot bo destroyed. Tho moment .Bomard Maubray saw (iabriollo a new. flower of lovo took root in his heart, and her. image acoompnnicd hira when ho went from.beriproflcnco, Sho wne vwy littlo older than' his daughter Valorio, and it might kftYOji. been thought that tho dispatity in . their agca would havo held Mm book. But atroiig-miudcd ao ho woa, tho - uharm had- fallen nod ho couM sot reeiet it. If occunionully tho doubt in truded itaolf that tho union of a lady with a man old enough to bo hor futhor was uuwise, it was instantly diemiBHod. In tho lives of most mon there aro overwhelming tides which carry them onward deapito thcmBclvco. Tliat' Bernard Maubray lovod Gubriollo nawtonately in no way lessened hio lovo for Valorio ; it helped, indeed, to utrungthcn it, Inasmuch as it oponcd tho door to a nloscr and moro eonstant oompanionHlnp witli bin dear child. It would also impart now Bwoot- . ness to GabrieUo'a uniou with him, for sho would havo a compauioa of hor own ago always by hor side. Ho onoouraged ovory argument favoarablo to tho . consummation of hie ardent wishos, and diRmisped every argu ment which bado him reflect beforo ho took Iho final etop. There wero pooulinr circumstances whioh hurried, him <m>. Gabriello's fathor was so tntanglod in pecuniary diffioulries tliat rain I tared him in tho face. Not only ruin bat dishonour ; for in his frantic efforts to rcleaso himself from disaster ho bod in an incautious momont stepped aside from tho path of rootitudo. Exposure meant dishonour, dis honour moant doath. When Bernard Maubray appeared upon the scene all this was known to GabrieUc, in whom hor father, weak and /stem of purpose, had oonftded, and her soul was filloa with horror at tho threatenod tragedy. Bomard Maubray was tho ono man wuo could avert this tragedy, who could preserve her fathor's honour, and in a moment of dospair oho consented to bo his wife. No shadow of this despair was visible to Maubray. Ho loved, ana was blind. The sadness of hor face was accouuted for by tho eloud whioh hung ovor her fnther's honoured name, the eloud which it was his good fortufio to romovo. To this cause, also, he attributed her wandering glances aud the nervous clasping of her hands when ho pressed his suit. In a certain sense her sadueos im parted a spiritual element to hor boauty, and, given that hor hoart was at rest, nil else was woll. But bor hoart was not at rest. She con- rontod to marry Bernard Maubray, but sho did not love him. Had sho made thin dear to him ho would havo instantly roleancdher, but he kept hor secret oloso — tho scerot whioh. only ono man could have euspeotcd, . and that man- one ot tho base creatures of tho earth whose career wasstrown with perjured vows and blighted Lopes, with nhamo and despuir, and sometimes death. . Even as it was sho would not bavo accepted Bernard Maubray had she not had a firm oonviotion that lier days wcre< numbered, and that ehe would soon go dowu lo tbo gruvo witb her secret unrevealed. By her act she released her father from impend ing dishonour ; by nature's decree sho would be saved from a woman's deepest shame. \- So thoy wcro married iu Paris, and in tho. church in which tho ceremouy took place lurked the villain who hud betrayed her. Ho, kept so far back in tho gloom of uuillumincd pillars that ho did not sec the facos of brido and bridegroom ; ho heard tho sound of mur muring voices, nod, the ceremony over, he slunk away, twirling his Mephistophelian moustache with an air of satisfaction. It was an. obstacle removed, and ho was contented. " By my faith,'' he murmured, witb a smile, " I 'bavo had my pastime, and Gabrielle is settled in life. Farewell, my sweet Gabrielle." But if it contributed to his satisfaction to think that the consequences of his baso act wero for ever rcmovod, and that thoy would play no part in his future, ho could have paid no regard to that dread Fato which weaves its threads in silence and darkness, and over turns the grandest as woll as the meanest of mortal - eohomes at tho moment of fniition. We build our castles and droam our dreams, heedless of the uuseen shadow which waits upon our actions, and lo ! when tho edifice is crowned nnd the drcara Is dreamed, a thunder cloud bursts and lays waste tho work of tho best years of onr life. Buck . in his house, with his bride and his daughter by his side, Bernard . Muubray aont forth a work whioh set tho. seal upon his renown as ono of tho world'H great painters. Three of his happiest months went by, and then tho clouds bccamo overcast. Gubriollo soexned to do pining away. Always quiet and reserved, sbo grow oven fonder of silcnco and solitude. with lovo's solicitude ho observed bow thin and white sho was, how the least sound struok terror to hor heart, how when sho was in thought and ho spoko to hor ho started as though to ward off a blow. Ho questioned Valorio privately. Had Uabriolle complained P "No/' answered Valerie, "she nover complains." "But sho Buffers?" " Yes, oho auffora." "Havo you tried to ascertain the cause?" "Yet, but sho inuata that sho is quite woll." "Is tho houso too quiot for her. Doe sho wish for company ?" "No, ehe dreads it." And-Valoriodrow his attention to tho oiroumstanocs that - when visitors camo,-ur strnngora wero . announced, ber one desire was to avoid tbem. Indeed, at this time, unknown to tho father -and daughter, Gabrielle was attempting flight to orao spot where sho , was uuknowu, and where suo could remain hidden from the sight ef nil who know her. Ho questioned Gabrielle also, and was distressed by- tho nervousness and foar sho oxhibited when thoy wore olono together. " Dn I frighten you, Gabrielta?'1 ho asked tenderly. "No, no,", sho replled, " why should I bo frightened when you apeak to mo P" Bat even as she answered sho shrunk from , him and could not look him in the face., " If yon havo nny grief, confide in me." "Yes,Iw» was nevor strong,, you know." 41 We will you strong," ho said, striving to speak cheerfully. , 41 You aro very good to me— too good, r too good I" She was on tho vorgo ot Tears, and bo foro- bore to question hor farther. AU . that love sonld do was done— without avail. Hor pcaoo f mind seemed to be destroyed. Bernard Maobray'a most intimate friend was Dr. Weber, a physician of great skill and experience, and . from this friend he Bought advico. Dr. Wober accompanied the - artist home, and gave a gontlo hint to Gabriello of the obj eot of his unexpected visit. 14 My husband is mistaken/' sho said, bat itill-with that strahgo air of fear about hex. 1 sro quite well. It is only a littlo weak ness, ..that will pass off. Iam glad to sea you, Dr. Weber, mm a frieud. I do not re quire medical advloo/' Bravely as she spoko she could not - com mand her voice ; hor eyes filled with tears. Tears came easily now. "Well, woll, madainc/' said Dr. Weber, " behold me as u friend, pot a physician." During tho ensuing fortnight he paid several visits to Crow's Nest, and muking quiot obsorvunco of Gabrielle arrived at u conclusion. " Sho must liuvo olmngo of air and change of scone," ho Raid to Maubray. 41 Of tho two I boliovotho latter is the more important. Sho has somothing on her mind over whioh she is brooding, nnd tho quiot routino of hor life may bo injurious. Map out a three months tour, and do not stop throe dayn in one placo. Tukc hor to theatres where light flioccs and light music uro boing played. A ittlo frivolity will do no harm." Whon tlio project was unfolded to Gabriello sho uHsontcd to it gladly, oven eagerly. It was ns if a weight wore lifted from her soul — from Maubray's also. His heart grow light at tho relief expressed in hor countenanco. Ho showed hor tno plan of tho tour ho had mappod out, nnd spolco of tho pleasure in store for them. 44 Wo will start to-morrow," ho said. "Wol" sho criod, and tho light died out of her face. " You, I, and Valeric," ho said, wondering at this chango in hor. . " No, no, sho oxelainied hysterically. "I must go alone — alone." 44 My dearest Gabrielle-—" But sho would not listen. With a scared look around, panting and weeping, sho oried again, 41 1 must go alone — olono." So great was tho violence of her passion that no ceased to expostulate with hor. He would not, howovcr, consent to hor going without a companion, and nftor much urging and pleading a compromise was agrcod upon, Valerie was to accompany her, and Maubray was to remain at home. As, in accordance with Dr. Weber's advice, tho ladies were to stop no lougor than throe days in one1 place, it was arranged that Maubray should address bis letters to tho potU rettante in the next town or city to whiuh they wore bound. "You will write regularly," he said to Gubriollc. "Don't toft mo to promiso," she said. "Tho momont. I sit dowu to write a letter my bead begins to acho." . . But Valorio promised to writo two or throo 1 mcs a week, and with that ho.tfas fain to bo content. So the adieux wore spoken, and thoy rode away. Valerie in hor lotters spoke moro of GAbrlello- than of herself. Now tho in valid, was a little better, now sho was not quite so well, now she said sho was feeling a littlo stronger.; Time and. timo again did Maubray express his earnest desire to join them, if only tor a week or u few days, but .Gabriollo would not hear of it, and somewhat to his surprise ho was dinRuaded also by Valerie, who beforo their departure wua very anxious, that ho - etioulcL accompany . them. Condomned to seclusion . ho took mental: . refuge in work, find spent < most -of his time in the Ruined Tower, where he painted from, memory a marvellous . portrait of his wife, absence from whom intensified tho love he bore forher. He wrote long letters to the absent ones, and to Gabrielle he poured forlh his soul, writing ns i young man might have done undor thA influence of tho first divine dream of love. If sometimes in Valerie's lotters there was a forced gaiety, he did not detect it, having an eye only to tho brighter issues of this enforced separation from thoso he hold most dear. Thus month after month went by until four had passed, and thon the thunderbolt fell. Ono morning, without uny intimation that ho was coming. Dr. Wober ascended tho steps of tho Ruined To-", and stood in the prcsenoe of his frionJ CHAPTER XI. Bernard Maubray was putting tho finish ing touches to tho portrait of his wifo, upon whioh until this day no oye bad fallen but his own. With mingled admiration and distress Dr. Weber gored upon 'the beautiful work. "It lives, Weber," cried tho artist en thusiastically ; "it almost breathes. What say you ?" "It is wonderful 1" replied Dr. Weber, oppressed by the mournful nows he was intrusted to communicate. The aid note in tho doctor's voice drew Maubray's attention to bim ; but ho turned the noxt moment to tho engrossing creation of his loving fancy. ' 44 1 did not wish you to see it," ho con tinued, 44 until it was completed. It has been my principal occupation there last two months, and even now I am scarcoly satisfied ; it is hardly worthy of tho original, but who could hopo to fix upon canvas a face and form so perfect ? It is my gift to her upon her return , when she looks upon it she will know that sho has lived in my heart. Valerie's letters load mo to expect that I shall not havo long to wait for our happy reunion." 44 1 havo heard from her," said Dr. Weber. 11 From Gabrielle?" 14 No, from Valorio." Again tho sadness of his voice attraoted the notioo of tho artist, and now ho gazed upon bis friend moro attentively. 44 1 am guilty of great solfishncss," ho said, laying his hand, kindly upon his friend's shoulder.. "It is tho ouree of bur nature. Forgive my apparent indifference. Yon are in ttoublo." 44 Yes, I am in trouble ; but not alone for myself, Maubray. There ore sorrows whioh affect uh deeply through sympathy with those 1 Maabray -a faco grew pale as ho laid aaido his palette and brushes. 14 You have received a letter, from Valorio. Does this sorrow touch mo?" 44 It touches you, dear friend." 44 Valerie is ill," . cried . Maubray. "ThonJmustgoto..her. I was too weak and. irresolute thoy-. should. ,not .huva gono without me. . I must go to them- nt onco— ut once!" . 44 Valeriois .woll," said Dr. Wober, and his. voice grew more gravo. . " Good- God ! It is Gabrielle! Tell. mo quickly— quickly 1 Why . did - not Vulorio write to mo? Speak, man, speak ! There is something in your face " 41 Summon all your fortitude, dear friend. Valerie did not write to you dircot because sho feaved tho shook;" "The.shock!'.' exelaimed Maubray, a vague terror.stoaling upon him. "Sho is on her way home; sho. will soon bo hero." 14 With Gabrielle — oh, thank " -.God ! Gabriello is ill,' bnt wo will nuno her into health. My care, your skill--" His agitation overpowered him, and ho oonld not proceed. 41 Valorio comes alone," said Dr. Wober, solemnly. 41 Alono ! " 41 Dear friend, there are griefs which need all our strength to bear. They come to all men; it Is the. human lot. But in the midst Of onr anguish we must not be regardless ot those who are still left to us,- and whore love will help to soften oven the bitterest sbrt-kaa of destiny. The senre of duty roraaios ; faitii remains : and Time, the hoalcr, will mitigate our sufferings." 44 Gabrielle in dead ! " said Maubraj in a muffled tone, and turned his faoo to the walL 44 Alas! " In that ono word tho revolution was oloorfy modo. For many minatos neither spoke : ihea Dr. Wober sola, . 44 Valerie asked mo to vtak tho sad nows; sho onolosod a lottor for yon." 44 Leave mo, Weber," said tho bereaved mon. 44 Do not spook, 1 cannot hear it. She is gone! Gone!" He sank into a ohalr, and covered his faco with his hands. A black desolation fell upon bim ; joy died out of the world ; nothing but pain ana sorrow remained. The imago of Gabriello presented itself to him, as ho first saw hor in Paris when lovo touohed his hoart ; as ho lost saw hor when sho departed witb Valorio. Had he but known— nod ho but known J Tho Imago slowly faded, and the world was dead. Ho did not wrop ; the blow was too crushing for the relief of tears. Dr. Wober placod Valorio's letter on tho tahlo, nnd softly loft tlio room. It wus a full hour before ho stirred from his recumbent attitude, and when ho raised hla head his eyes rested upon tho portrait of Gabriello. Ho had depicted her with a smile upon her face, and her lips seemed to he opening in the net of speaking. Was it possiblo that this dumb canvas should live and sho bo dcud ? No, it was not poasiblo ; soino deceit had boon practised upon him. But Valerie's letter dispolled this uolusiou ; tho words swam iu his sight, but reachod his retire. 44 Sho died in pcaco. Dear father, bo oomfortcd." A smile, hitter in its rebellion against tho inevitable, camo from bis lips. 44 Bo comforted ! " What could comfort a man living in a dead world ! This was a great trngody iu Bernard Mau bray's life, but in the heart of this tragody was a seorot, morcifully biddon from him by Valcrio, tho knowledge of which would have ovorwholmed him with a decpor dospair and a deathless horror » a secret whioh would havo shaken to its foundations his belief in human and Divino goodness. Mercifully Bparod in deed, though his anguish was sufficiently poignnnt without that bitter knowledge which lay hidden in his daughter's breast. So overwhelming wos tho desolation of his real that the prcscnco of his dear child brought no comfort ; that the presence of Madame Hart- toaun, who came from Paris to console him, brought no comfort ; that seeing them day by day, with tho-. consciousness that they wore watching bis misery with sympathetic eves, animated only with tho loving desire to find a wny to mitigate it, was an added torture to bim. 44 What can wo do for you, door Bernard f" said Madamo Hartmann. 44 Leave mo to rayrolf," he replied. 41 Nothing will holp mo but solitude. ' I must ' bo alono to wrestlo with my grief." So it foil out— for their pleadings were useless— that Valcrio was once more banished from bin home, and returned to Paris with hor aunt. "Yon are not angry with -mo, fathor?" suo asked him on tho day of bar doparture. 41 Angry with you, my child ? No— no 1" 44 You will rend for mo 1 You will lotms come homo again I" 44 Whon I am at peaoc, Valcrio, when I suffor less, I will send for you." Ah, tho pity in her faco— tho tender com passion with whioh she embraced tho father sbo loved and honoured ! Was it. treachery that she should keep her secret close, tho secret that brought hot blushes to bor ohoeks, hotteurs to her eyes, iu tho solemn watches of tho night P No, it was. tho truost inaroy. It lay in its gravo at peace, but no grave so deep as to help hor to forgot. To the last hour of -her Ufa its memory would romain.- For two years Bernard Maubray kept him self secluded in Crow's Nest, . admitting no friend or acquaintance with the single ex ception of Dr. Wobor, and he came uninvited. Upon tho first occasion, indeed. Dr. Wobor forced' hiinrelf upon his friend, alarmed by the reports whioh reached bim of tho state; of Maubray's health. 44 It is useless to expostulate," said (ho doctor; 44 1 am bore, and hore I intend to remain. Fiieu'ls are scarce, and . I do not intend to lose nuno if my poor skill can save him. You are not over-pleased to seo mo. Very good— or rather, very bod. Noitbor am I ovcr-pleusod to see you in the state vou qre. My dear Maubray— my dear Maubray! " Tlio underlying affection in this littlo speech brought a faint responsive smile to Maubray's lip. " I am glad to see you, Wcbcr," ho said. 44 Forgivo tho coldness of my wolcomo." 44 1 will forgivo ovorything whon I see the Maubray of old boforo inc. Not this Maubray that I see now— why, ray dear friend, you aro like a ghost ! Now lot us bo practical. What is tho matter with youP" 44 1 cannot sleep." 44 For how long has this boon so V 44 Many months." 44 1 am going jo examine you. No protests V 1 know iny business, und you know yours. No denying that; and no denying cither that to waste a talent— a God-givon talent— is a heinous sin. How many pictures Imvo you painted this lAst year?"- 44 Not ono." "Thon you havo long arrears to pull up. You shall paint iny portrait, so that a fitting prerentmcnt of mysolf may go down to on ungrateful posterity." 44 1 cannot do it." "You shall do it. It is tbo only fnvonr 1 havo over asked of you, und I will not be denied. I will givo you the fir>t sitting to-morrow. Remember, I am your physician. 44 1 cannot put brush to canvas till I got some sleep." 44 1 will ensure yon sleep ; the lonely life you ore lending is sufficient to destroy your nerves and your brain. When did you near from Valerie last?" 44 Yesterday." "Isshowoll?" 44 She says re." 44 When did you write to her last?" 44 A fortnight ago." There was reproach in tho glanoe Dr. Wober cast upon Maubmy, and ho felt it. Life was beginning to stir within him : the friendly imjieriuu-mesH, tho hoalthy bolster- ousticss oftho dvotor wcro tolling, upon tho naturally hoaltby organisation of toe artist. 44 It is not like you, Muubray, to negloot so sweet a girl ns Valerie— your only obifd, who loves you devotedly." 44 Do I neglcot her?" 44 Would you ask that question a sooond timo, Maubray?" 44 No. You are right in much that . you say, In much that you imply. But you see, I am worn out. Tho ourse of sleeplessness un balances mo." Although Dr. Weber did nut npprovo of opiates, ho recognised tho necessity of thom inr. this case. . But ho -found that ordinary, remedies were powerless to produce the need- - ful reposo, and ho was compelled to have recourse to a deadly drug of bis own pro curing, whioh had tho desired effect. ' In a ihw days Maubray's oyo was brighter, his skin was 'regaining its natural colour. The drug Dr. Woliar administered was a dissolv able powder, and ono of .its -virtues was that it was tasteless and colourless, - and . that it imported no flavonr to tho liquid in which it was dissolved. Tlius a person taking it unaware would not auspeot its presence, and this peculiarity rendered it dangerous. So great was tho benefit Maubray derived from it that lie insisted upon being supplied with several (lows for use, if .needed; at soino future timo when tho doctor's personal , ser vices might not bo availubhv- Complying, with this request, Dr. Wobor wasi.caroful to .explain tho danger that lay in taking. a larger do«p tum ho had prescribed. (to bb oonTmuzu.1 ? A s«rnool Dentists 8ocicty hits bora formed in connection with the Dental Hospital, Fort- land street, London. At tlio inaugural lec ture it was stated that less than 10 per cont of school- boys and girls of an avorago ago of 12 do not require some treatment for decayed teeth. 