Ghosts That . Haunt Windsor Castle. IS ENGLAND IN DANGER? There is a tradition that whenever England is in danger ghosts of some of her former kings and queens walk in the lonely chambers of Windsor Castle. Strangely enough, just as the country is agitated by the Transvaal difficulty the uneasy shade of King | Henry VIII, has been detected in the j act of flitting about tho Castle. There are now three ghosts of the first-class who are reported on excel- lent authority to be in the habit of walking through the corridors and chambers bf ancient "Windsor: These are :-Henry VIII., Queen Elizabeth, Charles I. The alleged appearance of Henry VIII, has been-made public in a some- what roundabout manner. It was learned recently that the Queen had ordered the lighting of the Great State Library of the Castle by electricity. Âs the room is a very ancient one, lined with splendid woodwork of great value and àntiquityythe work of fitting . in the electric light wires is a difficult ahd delicate one. Moreover, it was not necessary for the benefit of readers, because no one has occasion to use it at night. The news about th? lighting of the library, therefore, created some inter ' est, and inquiry elicited the fact that it had boen ordered by the Queen at the request of some superstitious mem- bers of heir family and ' household. The last person who saw a ghost in the Castle ! was Lieutenant Arthur St. Leger Glyn, of the Grenadier ' Guards, ¿grandson of Lord .Wolverton. He is a young man of vigorous health, with a matter of fact temperament;, and is said to be not at all mystical in his nature. He relates that he was in command of the guard in the interior of the J Castle. It was late in the evening, and he was standing in the library. A dim light struggled through the ancient stained-glass windows. Suddenly he became aware of a figure advancing silently down the middle of the library. It came swiftly past him, and filled him with such fear and astonishment that he stood help- less for several..moments. Then he recovered himself, and called sternly to the intruder to ex- plain who he was. The figure passed on without paying any attention. Lieutenant Glyn drew his sword, and thrust it at the figure. The sword met with no resistance. I The figure went on and disappeared ! through the door. Lieutenant Glyn ran out, and asked a sentinel if he had seen the man who had just passed ! through. The sentinel replied that he j had seen no ona ¡ Lieutenant Glyn afterwards con- sulted with the librarian and various old officials, and told them what he had seen. The figure, as well as he could remember, was that of a man in sixteenth century dress. He wore long hose and a doublet, which ap- peared to ba richly decorated. He was of tremendously heavy build and great girth. His features were bloated, and wore an expression of anguish. Most -of the Castle officials 'wi^h whom Lieutenant Glyn, consulted agreed that he had seen the ghost of King Henry YUL, whose appearance has been reported at rare intervals in the Castle. Lieutenant Glyn admitted that all he had seen tended to confirm this view. It is astonishing to find so many people of high position, and presumably high intelligence in England, who give credence to these ghost stories. Princes and princesses, army officers, high dignitaries of the Church, and Court officials do not question these supernatural appearances in Windsor Castle. Many of these persons give circumstantial accounts of apparitions ¡ Uiey witnessed. When Lieutenant Glyn's story be- ; came known it was decided that the i j ghosts were ^ becoming too numerous, j ' and a menace to peace and comfort. ¡ [ Of course, they cannot be prevented ; from walking in the small hours of ] the morning, but that they should j disturb modern ladies and gentlemen j early in the evening is intolerabl?. j The Queen was, therefore, petitioned ! to have the library lighted by elec- j tricity, and gave her consent, it is j not supposed that the ghost of a six- j teenth century king will care to appear j in the electric light. j It is only two years ago since Mr. Holmes, the librarian of Windsor Castle, reported the appearance of another ghost in this library. He was reading there, when he became aware of a mysterious presence. He looked, and saw a woman wearing a | coronet, an immense ruff, a stomacher j covered with jewels, and a voluminous j skirt. He at once recognised that it was Queen Elizabeth. She was wring- ing her hands, and her face wore an expression of fear. Mr. Holmes followed the apparition, but it disappeared through a door, ana a woman ? who was outside said that she had seen no one. The Empress Frederick of Germany, oldest daughter of the Queen, declared that she saw the ghost of Queen Elizabeth in the library when she was a child. In the library there ist à_; gallery which was built' by Queen Elizabeth. Its windows look out on the terrace of the Castle. Here the Queen used to walk, and devise schemes of state- craft. » There is at least one other ghost in Windsor. The Dean of Windsor, who is also chaplain to the Queen, is not sore whether Henty VIII, or Queen Elizabeth haunts the Castle, but he does know that the spirit of King .Charles L is to be seen annually in the vicinity. The ghost of the be- headed monarch is reported to visit an ancient house in the Canon's Close, which is a dependency of ~the Castle. Mrs. Boyd-Carpenter, wife of the Bishop of Ripon, whose husband was formerly a Canon of Windsor, occu- pied this house. She states that on June 26 she heard the ghost walk up srairs and open a door, 5 mt did not see it. Afterwards S!K» learned that June 26 was the lii^lit on which the unhappy monarch was reputed to visit the house every year. One cannot imagine a more suitable locality for ghosts than Windsor Castle. It lias been the residence of every English monarch since William the Conqueror, and had seen more than eight hundred years of splendor, blood, crime, romance, and tragedy. It was built by William the Conqueror shortly after 1066. St. George's Chapel, which is attached to it, was finished by Henry VII., father of Henry VIII., whose ghost is reported to have been seen there. 