CHRIS" 1 " AS GOBLIN. G> 3t Story. Australia" . fs 0f nants had left the > 5 ?leclai they heard weird vhich occasionally s a \T; t .nidnight, too, 'and -Ives v* liea , r Yvo. low rental m con- W' aC M rtMiuta- on. . But oubBluouueu although ,fits evil i«l,,, > aid man, who took «n r0 \ nan " di ; !ted after a week's ooks, lie •* . i;rtainly something W'^he i ^ - He had heard the ifj-Jozeu ti'iies—a CO queer, 7 weird, -- ' voU, like .tb . of a goblin aged voi^i - t ... . 0 ke in a querulous, y Sn?y'' somebod y ' but t0 ° mSadit-ionsfJH better p!' Substantial f house, and constnias time accord- ;e house that was ing, old-fashioned, ^er edge of a sealed by a black row vas neglected and -ustate the reputably ghost could not !^Dg T5ost. too," said Brown, « ong t vnur cheap, common ghosts . . f.iJ cr r o;m. It speaks good l like a dvover." 1 C vfiid tlu>. unbelieving Middon t kn° w v herc the V01CC COm6S ' ..frnni iust over our heads !t0 C0 1 1 tlicii's never a soul there. kJr 0 °!' be oof with a club, and I '-"Tid the ghost talked just the nerves or a bit of creaking "'f/Jtbe see P tic <<We mUSt " ^iSgation^xidlaythis spectre Ssaid Brown, " but I'll bet you a quid • visited the haunted house sat in the bedchamber till after iff'for a manifestation, consuming tobacco, and discussing authenticated old family spectres in the meanwhile. Epttout the light " said Brown, ia chance in the dark although, as is not a conservative ghost, and doesn t -fit the light and waited in-dea;d" One minute passed-two, and then out hess just over their heads sounded a 1 voice: vour eyes!" TOtliat?" gasped Midman .lo^t" whispered Brown ; sit still. 'your eyes! wliat're you doing there ?" the voice. . -shuddered, and the other investigators ind made that strange noise ; when trying hard to swallow 1) for you! Blast, me, I'll do for you! •haiv. kee-how!" continued the voice. J the others were profoundly imtrthe creepy suggestion of untold years piping, awful tones. instigators moved their chairs closer Before sitting down they had the house thoroughly, tliey had posted "sir number out in the garden to watch the roof, and were positive that there was no deception. The voice was there, sure enouJh and a sense of .something uncanny and supernatural seemed to permeate the atmosphere 6 weakly ^rikealight ! >! said Midman, The lamp was re-lighted, and tl.e party breathed a little more freely, but all eyes went upwards with a frightened stare as the voice spoke again. "Curse you—home! Go home ! Go home ' Blast your eyes, you blank,'blank, blanky '' The voice ruled off a spasm of Satanic profanity, ending with a horrible choking chuckle " Let us see if the fellows outside have anything to tell," suggested Midman. The" suggestion was eagerly accepted. There was no unseemly haste about the manner in which the investigators left the room, but it must be admitted that they seemed glad to go. The men posted outside swore that no livinathing had passed them, that nothing had gone near the roof. The investigators went home, a little pale and a little shaky, and Brown went in to attend to his wife, who always had hysterics after a manifestation. Midman and his friends spread the reputation of the haunted house, and people used to walk half-a-mile round rather than go near the place. Brown threatened to leave, and secured a further reduction in the rent. Brown was a callous man who, if he could only have convinced his wife of the perfect harmlessness of ghosts, would have been perfectly content to live in the same house with a dozen of them. One night,after an unusual display of garrulousnuss on the part of his spook, Brown, struck with an idea, arose, dressed himself, took a lantern, and climbed on to the roof. Then, opening the skylight, he lowered the lantern into the space, between the ceiling and the roof, and peered anxiously all round. A moment later he uttered a profane exclamation suggestive of wild surprise. Just below him was a small shape, ghostly white, sulphur-crested, with small, beady eyes. It peered up atJ^wfl*fe,aouaint, sidelong way anS and niriPfl piped • "J /"! y j Sj " Blast y there ?" Brown iifialfty'fell off the rbt^^Ajtaroxysm of laughter taok ^inO^dbha rolleJ^Mft the gutter, and hung wier£y ro^mM^WCT^^ie^lnilnt, careless what happ&nejJrijgxt.; The gb^st was laid—it was an ancie^coilfetooj-a^fif^iibie, neglected, cock-eyed cocka^OfiL^feWiiR^t^pi from goodness knows where amt^mSffe its home over Brown's roof tree, finding its way in above the ceiling through a hole caused by the dislodgment of one of the weatherboards in the gable. Hitherto it had escaped observation, and for nearly two years it continued to sustain the reputation of that haunted house. Brown told his wife, but no one else, and when his landlord talked of demanding more than fifteen shillings a week for the house (which was worth thirty) the tenant invited him to visit the place by night and hear the ghost, and that was always effective. Had not the cookatoo died of old age and iniquity, Brown would have been living there yet. _________ MK. HIGGINS, of Geelong, has won a reputation for seriousness, but he is capable of a little joke now and then. At one of his last electioneering meetings somebody in the crowd made a jeering reference to his baldness. "Bald," replied the candidate; " my dear friend, I am not bald. I am merely allowing my scalp to he fallow for a time." 