Short Story. A Distillery Ghost. It is Tint necessary tn this story Unit 1 conjugate my verb “ to lio" in tlie past tense. lu fact, it is a painful subject to me, so I will merely say that 1 am a Tramp, of interest to no one. except by chance to the farmer's deg or to the police. Oil the particular day of which I speak 1 had been walking since sun ripe ,-thing roads where the hot dust spurted under my slitilHitig steps, and where the sight of a solitary blotch of shade was as grateful as the clink of ice to .the thirsty. ( carried a companion in my poekei. a little liar, black companion, and every now and then, when the prospect became utjusually dry and my hunger too insist ent. 1 raised to my lips that mouth which alone of all others had been constant, to me—the month of the bottle. Towards afternoon, as f marched dog gedly on. I became aware of a sudden cool hipping of shadow over my should er. and glancing about I saw that a storm was heating up behind me. ]ty some malevolent inspiration I re membered having heard that on this very road stood a disused distillery, a favourite resting-place for travellers of my description. Not far ahead was a clump of pine trees, and behind them rose the outlines of ail old chimney. I hurried towtirds flip place, plunging through a tangle of dustv weeds, and, sure' enough, there stood the building of which I was in search, its' sagging roof and bursting walls green with age. There wore two holes ripped in the roof, staring deep and empty as thi eves of a skull. I crawled under the ilnnr .itist in time, for tiie next moment the rain came roaring down straight as melted lead. It must have been a dismal place at best, hut now. tinder the thick sky and drumming rain-drops, it was particularly dispiriting. There were two rooms on the lower tloor with no visible means 'of communication lmt a wide windows set in the wall. The glass panes were unbroken, and the room be hind was perfectly dark. Connecting those rooms with the attic was a rickety staircase. The earthen tloor was cover ed with a dank .mesh of pale grass blades. 1 cowered against the wall while the storm boomed ami crackled over my head, closing my eyes from time to time against the shock of white fire that darted through the chinks and under the door. Presently, as T sat with my hot lids drawn down. 1 felt a startling sense of some one looking at me : 1 turned quick ly towards the window of which I have spoken, and there, pressed against the dark glass, was a face, pet-ring at un steadily. Olt. ilie horror of that face ! for. as I looked, the outlines began to change and grow, like some great colour less .icily—it soft, human jelly oozing and spreading it cross tin; panes. I shut my eyes, and mv heart battered my ribs. Again I looked, still the faee was there, only this time the slack mouth drew back in a sickening smile, and it ran out irs blue tongue, licking its loose lips quietly. I started to my feet with a cry. and as I did so the window began to slide up. I dropped to the tloor weak with fear. \- and the sasit fell into place again. Then I realised that 1 must lie tin-re. absolute }l¥o—ilo ttei'ainrimd;!1”whiie "face Jorrcd .‘if nic from- bohind fji«* if bo-m m move wif/i a ttaeeid. gelatinous swaying. l saw it i„.„o rntm- rn.m me tloor. some tiling that had been a man. hut now hung qttiTe limply in its month. Tt pressed the body against the window, laughing silently, and 1 saw—myself! Cod help me ! for the first time tn this world I looked into my own face. Myown face did I say ? No. no ' Sonic bloated ani mal. purple, pimpled, with eyeballs so blood-slmf that tln-.v snouted tn he star ing through a weh of ied lace. How long I lay tln-re I cannot tell. At last I moved, and my hand touched something cold: it was my bottle, the companion of mv itandt-rings. I held it up. and saw that there was still a drop or two in it. I drained it lo the dregs, and the glad tire warmed me and made me strong. At that moment the Tlifhg began to raise its pallid, horrible feelers, twist ing them about the body it held, snap ping tlm limbs off and dropping them into its mouth, win-re the him- tongue caressed them hungrily. It had finished its meal, Inif if still kept its vague eyes on me. and tlion 1 realised that 1 was moving, slipping quietly towards it ! I clutched at the rnrring steps, and they crumbled In brown powder in my hands. I ground my fingers info the earth until there was a trail of bloody mud after me. Then 1 made one superhuman effort, dasln-d tip the swaying staircase, and broke in to the attic. I slammed fin- door and threw myself against it. for I had seen that accursed window dart up with a crash ns I leaped, and T knew that (lie Thing would follow me, ami tear me to pieces, and plunge me into its mouth, and mash and mangle me between its tooth less gums ! The room where I found myself was dim and wet. Tb-fween (lie cracks in the wall a flaming strip of sunset j glowed like a forge in the twilight. Every breath of Nature was hushed now. the rain came only in loosely blown gusts, and the thunder had shud dered away into silence : my 'hair rose and my flesh grow rough and icy. for on the stairway was a soft.' creaking sound, then a steady pushing against the I howled aloud lit my anguish, and the sound of ,my voice set the place bel lowiug with eeltot-s. My - arms were torn, and the hones nearly-.snapping from the pressure, and still I, felt the door opening, opening ! There was a crunch—one rusty hinge dropped clattering lo tho door, another and for a moment Hie door tottered and fell forward, nearly crushing me : luif. no, I was too quick. I was mad wiilt fear. One instant only we stood look ing at each other, the 'Piling framed in the empty door space, and 1—a wild beast crazed with the fiercest rare in stinct ; then I plunged forward and opt through a rent in the torn hoarding. I felt the wood snap and., give, and the awful swoop of my fall, and knew that the Thing had hurled -itself after me. I scrambled to my feet and went rush ing flying down the empty road. The wet hushes slapped my face and clung, clammy as dead hands-that would have stopped my flight, and all the time I heard the Tiling behind me— heard the plash of the paddles as it trailed through them and the beat of its formless steps. . The moon was risiDg across the road, a great swollen disk, sanguine • and threatening. I remember every seeue: the Jerky flitting of a bat, the dark spray of some hanging vine, and the pounding of-m,v-own steps. I remem ber catching my ragged shoe iu a root, j that had crawled out from the hedge.; nnct hearintr a deep, horrible chuckle ; then I fell forward—ami remember nu tliiiiK more. U was mldnl.sht •.lion 1 beeamo con scious a pi In. 'I'lie moon had shrunk in to the zenith, and was looking at me wiih its Hull, white eve. I was very weak, and my hands were slitV with dry blood. . There was not a iivint; thin;; in siyht. only the pale ribbon of 1 lie de serted road and the yray fields stroteh injr away to the sky. l'nr on my left stood a elump of pine trees : behind them rose the outlines of an old ehimiioy. and. siek as 1 was. I went hobblinir through the niylit till the plaee was lost to view. Then 1 erawled into a damp hayrick—aiid si opt.—.lulio Closson Kenlv •’ the “ Weekly Sun.” 