WOMAN'S PERILS. [All Rights Reserved.] ' I CANNOT credit the terrible truth! It scorns like a wild dream.' With clasped hands ? und leur-diinmed eyes, a voun-; girl ejncululcd those words, as she stood eftzinjr with a sad and sorrowful look at' a flickorintr flro, tlio wavering dimes of which t'nrow oat strange weird shadows upon the walla of a largo and handaomcly furnished room. It wns a richly-appointed apartment ; flowers not only decorated the vases, but hunjj in eay Yestoona around ihe walls. Kure and bcauliFul exotica they wore mostly grcunliouso blossoms relieved by the dark evergreens with which tboj ^yere entwined, for it is a night in January ,- o wild nifr'it of frost and anow, and I lie flowers of summer have Iuiir einoe faded and gone. Vory fair and -bonutiful was that one girl, etandiug there like a spirit of the night by the flowing embers of the fire light. A robe of white gouze, falling in transparent folds over a rich under-dress of eatin, gave a gossamer eruce lo her figure which airy drapery alone cun impart. A ' wreath of whito roses was bound around her . brow, confining the golden tresses which fell, unshorn and untutored, even to her waist. What a contrast her gala dress and mournful uttitudo presentod. That floral garland— and those sad, dark, heavenly blue eyes all swimming in tears. Wistfully the young creature looked at a ^ rich 01 roolu clock on the mantelshelf, the continuous ticking of which sounded mournful in the solitude. Lost in her sad reverie, the beautiful and lonely girl heard not the opening of the door behind her — that door that opened so slowly und gently it seemed as though it woro turning on in visible hinges ; and then, as the clock ticked in its monotonous, unceasing regu larity, a young man appeared there upon the threshold of the chamber, his dark eyes glarinir with a lixedBtaroattho unconscious .-''' girl beforo Iiim. ' 'Ella,' at longth exclaimed tlio intruder ' in a low hushed voice, tliB tonoa causing the young maid to start as if with electric file.' ' ' Oh, Paul, Paul, in ib you ? ' she cried j and the next moment, regardless of the ' rosoifslio was crushing, the boauliful gauze ' folds she wus disordering, sho was weeping on his shoulder, half enveloped in tlio folds of his dark heavy, travelling cloak, for the : young man was habited for a journey. ' ' How pale you are, Paul,' said tlio fair girl, as she led her willing visitor to the fire. ' And how boautiful you are, dear Ella, to-night ; und how like a fairy queen in your gosBuramer attire ; ' and then, his voice ringing with a bitter mocking, he added : ' And they have dressod you thus so that you might appear still more attrac tive in tho eyes of the villain and roue, Stainfortll I ' 'Yea, dear Paul, for, though 'tis my natal day, 1 did not wish to bo dressed for my birthday ball— aware that you were to ' be driven forth ; bub our cruel unclu was inexorable, and I won obliged to submit. Ho would have it.so.' The young girl here, her line oyes flashing, plucking the wreath of roses from the meshes of her wavy golden hair, cast them ut hot feet. ? ' My bunishmenb is hard to bear, Ella, when I remember, too, that it has been brought about by the scoundrel, Fred Stainforth.' ' And to that man my uncle has pro mised my hund I But I will never become lii'j bride, doar Paul. Far better death in ? the lake than a union with Captain Stain forth.' Thero was a fierce, wild light in the blun eyes of the poor girl, as, clinging eliudder ingly to the stalwart youth beside her, she moaned in the extremity of her despair. ' Why talk of death, dear Ella ? Why nDb fly with m»this nisrht — this hour ? ' Any reply aim might have made to her lover Wus now frozen on the lipa of the un happy girl by a loud mocking laugh that echoed through tho chamber, at the half open door of which stood u tall, handsome man of middle uge, whoso oyes, like, those of a hawk, glistened and flushed as he gazed upon the young couple boforo him. ?? The part of eavetdroppor well becomes you, Captain Stainforth, but I defy you now as I did u week ago, and here, before my cousin JElla, stigmatise you as a scoundrel and a coward.' ' Your words of rape and scorn have little weight with me, Paul Lomax ; I ' should be indeed a fool were I to noto the ravings and insults of a beggar and un out cast ; and for you. Miss Ella, I would adviee instant retirement to your ohamber whilst I conduct your cousin out of the house.'' Vouchsafing no reply to this insolent speech, the lorer, snatching a kiss from tho lips of his weeping cousin, with a huughty delimit stare ut the sardonic looking cap tain, strode from the apartmenb ; the poor girl, with duzud, wild, distrait expression upon her features, gliding past the trium phant Stainfortll : hot white, silverylook ing robes' -flui boring like the wiuga of a snowy bird as she dii-appeured from tho chamber, leaving the cause of her grief und despair alone. Hulf-un-hour uftor this inoident, wrapped in the voluminous folds of un Inverness cape, the successful claimant for the hund of the lovely Ella Thornton, steuliug cautiously from Elloiuloy Grunge, and pass ing unperceived through tho lodgo gates, made his way along an avenue of pined and, from thence branching off through the wooded precints of the old manor house, camo lo-a halt as ho gained a little rustic bridge that- extended across a small lake, now u glistening mass of steely-blue ico. Tho moon, shining brightly, cast a luminous gluro upon putk and woodland, its ruys throwing in a lengthened shad -w upon the ice, the tall niutUed form of u feiiiule stunding, in the centro of tho rustic bridge and who/at I ho appearance of the man, with a little laugh, hurried forward to meet him. .? .' Busta'. It is well you've como, Cnpi taine, for thou ivrt my rom (husband^ whilst, bueno ! I am your romi (wife).' Another mocking insolent lauch hero escaped the mouth of tho ptiangur, who, throwing aside her veil, rovouled the dark, hunjsoine fetituros and glUtening tubs of a Uitcaysn ; a bold, haughty, lovely looking woman, bub with a dash of the tiger or bho leopard in her largo blade oyes. There wn« an audible curso from the mouth of the man of Mars, who presently, in a harsh grating voico, exclaimed : ' I huvo met you hero at your desire. Oatnlinn. bub, have a care '? I huvo hither to remitted to you tho stipulated sum wo agreed upon when wo partod throo years ago at Paris. Why then, have you now insi-lcd upon this interview? and hero, too, noar the houso of old General Slacey.'' 'Because you aro about to marry the old follow's niccw, und, because I, your romi (wife) want money.' '? You recoivod your quarterly allowance only lust week,' said the Captain in a thick guttural voico, rendered hoarse with sup pi essod rage. ' Per Bacco ! And suppose I did, Capi taino, whnb then ? I require cash, urgently require ib ; und who should a woman cull upon for money when she wants ib if nob up on her husband ? ' ' And if 1 refuse this fresh supply.' ' 1 shall prevent you from committing a crime, dear Frederick, that's all.' There wus hore another little ripple of laughter from the ruby lips of the Juno-hke beauty, ' You will prevent me committing a crime,' reiteinted the onraced man as he glared viciously, first at his companion and then, round tho lonely and silent place of their meeting. ' Beuno ! Bigamy, dear Fred, is a crime, is ib nob 1 ' ' Mow much money do you want ? ' ejaculated the enraged Stainforth,paying no heed to tho female's lust sneering query. ' Carumba ! I thought we should come to terms ; and as you did love mo once, Capitaine, I'll not be hard upon you. Let me have a thousand pounds to-morrow, and five thousand more the day you marry that little blonde (the old fire-eater, General Stacoy's niece), and I'll troublo you no ' And if 1 tun unable to find this large sum 1 ' ' You muBt hnd ib, Uupitaine. ' Or else?' ' You'll lose the little blonde and her fortune. Bull 1 I've been too considerate, too moderate. Pve not asked half enough.' 'You've asked more than you'll get from me, you gipsy jade, ' raid tho Captain, fairly now beside himself with rage. ' Oh I Carajo ! That's it, is ib J Bouno! you defy me. Gipsy, am I ? Well, I am gipsy enough to tell you your fortune, Cap tain Frederick Luscelles Stuinforth. If you are not very soon hanged you will die in prison. I have gob those forged bills of De C'udtro, and I huve but to suy the word when the law will be on your track. Per, Bacco ! what do you say to that ?\' There wus no reply given to this speech ; a wild, shrill Bcream presently, however, echoing in the frosty air, accompanied by the splintering crash of broken ice as a humun form hurled over the bridge, with a horrid, harsh, grnting noise, sank into the frozen waters of the lake. Wildly the wintry wind howled through the wood of Eller3loy Grange, as, branded with the mark of Cain, Captain Stuinforth like a hunted hare, dashed through the copse after leaving the frozen waters into which he hud so remorsolesly thrown his unhappy victim. The moon, hidden now by tho masses of cloud, all was dark, glim, and drear ; feathery flakes of snow presently falling around the assassin as he spod wildly on in ruge and terror, having lost the path. Tho leafless trees, like giant spectres stretched oub their broad brunches craunb and weird, or, waving in the blast, seemed beckoning to thub crouched bent form us ib hurried on like a vile and evil spirit of the night. Toaring and plunging recklessly on, the man of evil passions, as he became more involved in the deep recesses of the woods, grew dismayed und appalled. A paroxysm of supernatural horror now seized upon him as he entered a glade or avenue lined with trees, thick furs, and undergrowth. Total darkness, deep, black, and dense, now enveloped the murderer ; the trunks of the trees now und again looming out as a break occurred in the snow- laden branches above, that, interweaving, formed a kind of frame on which the descending snow rested like an awning. The ghaetly cry of 'the owl, ' tuwhitbu who,' followod by tho renewed shrieking of tho wind, at length caused the assassin to come to a halt. Panting und exhausted from his mad flight, he now, resting againsb the trunk of a pollard oak, glared round half demented by fear, rage, and horror ; for, the darkness now less opaque, ho fancied that in the gloom he perceived a shadowy form hovering among the brush wood, and closely following in his wako. With agroun and a deep-breathed impre cation at this suspicion that a something wus tracking his footsteps, ho once more dashed wildly on, only some four hours after that meeting with his luckless victim by the lake, gaining and entering, unseen, the hall of Ellorsley. It was at a Into hour of the morning on tho succeeding duy that, pale, haegard, and ill .do presented himself to the . General's' niece us Bhe was silting-*' disconsolate and ulono in the library, Received with a chilling hauteur and fear combined, Cuptain Stuinforth, affecting not to percoivo the coldness of his reception, exclaimed : ' 1 have just left your uncle. Miss Ella ; ho is far from well, and has a strungo fancy that our nuptials should take place without delay, suggesting a special license for tho purpose.' There waa u half-defiant, exultant tone in tho voico of tho cluimunb for her hund thub roused u robsl spirit in the bosom of the young girl, wh,o, with clenched hands and fuco of marble, starting up and pointing to the whirling snow, thab in fantastic eddies flew by the casement without, ex claimed : ' By some dread means you havs gained an ascendency over my undo, and have' mnuldod him to your wishes ; ho, so lierco and determined, gives way to you in all things. By some fell ugonoy you have be come bis uiuftor./ Vou won upon him to turn my hapless cousin Puul from the roof that has sheltered him from boyhood ; you lmvo now extorted from him a consent to our instant union. But. know. Captain Siuinfort.li. I would sooner this hour prefer tho alternative of a winding sheet of snow than become your wife.' A dark evil look gothored ovor the features of tho rejected suitor, and, iu a l»rah, grating voico, he exclaimed : ' You have defied mo ! You would pre fer death rather than become my bride ! Well, we shall sec, Ella Thornton. Per hapsymad girl, you may alter your deqif ion a month hence ; there Aro various ways of turning a spirit such as yours. I leuvo you now. Mis Iluipor, your ancle's most trusted .servant, will conduct you presently to your ch.ambor.and whilst in your present obstinato and defiant mood you will not bo allowed to leave tho house.' With a Burdonic smilo, tho man of evil passions was turning to quit tho room, when he started back with u cry of fury. 'A word with you, Captain Staiuforth 1' ' Puul Lomax, beggar and outcast 1 what mcan.i this return to your uncle's homo ? I am master hore now, und if yon do not insrontly get hence, you shull be huuied of) by tho hounds.' ' Not so fast, Captain Frederick Stain forth ; I am not alone.' ' Not alone ? ' In a husky kind of whisper, these words wore roiiorated by the captain, as standing in tho corridor without, ho caught sight of another figure, that, tall and erect, and shrouded in a black mantle, was stationed bohind the smiling and defiunt Paul. 'I am not alone, Captain. I have a ludy with me.' ' A lady .' ' a livid pallor now stole over the face of the startled villain, who, as that shrouded form glided inbo tho library, step by step drew back until, gaining bho casement, his further steps were arrested. ' You don't look well, Capitaine. Per bacco ! You gaze upon your poor wife as though you took her for a ghost.' 'Catalina ! God of Heaven I Catalina ! ' gasped the wretched man, who now in wild horror, throwing up his arms, with a shriek of maniac fury, hurled himself through the casement. Theio was a crash of splintered wood and broken glass ; and then, upon the affrighted group gluncing without, they behold the body of bhe suicide a huddled-up heap upon the stone court-yard below. Upon descending into the grounds, bhe wretched Stainforth was found to be quito dead ; besides other injuries his neck being broken. . Catalina, his wife, rescued from the frozen lake the night boforo by Puul, remained for many months at the Grange, assisting at bhe marriage of Paul Lomax with his loved cousin, Ella. The old man, their uncle, by every means in his power striving to make up for his harshness in tho past, when liis lovely niece was persecuted and suffering a Woman's Perils. 