OUR LONDON LETTER. mm MS m cinnamon. LONDON, October 12. The verdict of the country has been pronounced. It is a striking endorse- ment of the policy of the Unionist Government. The whole of the House of Commons have been returned, with the exception of some 70 members, with the result that the Unionist party have again secured an enormous majority. Lord Salisbury has obtained a fresh lease of power, with substantially the same numerical strength behind him as he had five years ago. The claim of the Liberals that they are the party of the people has been derisively refuted. The verdict of the constituencies is in the main that of the working men of England and Scotland. The great popular vote has been cast with few exceptions, on the side of the Ministerialists. It is evident that the war impulse, which has thrilled all classes, vibrates most intensely among the industrial classes. London, and the great cities of the north Liver pool, Manchester, Newcastle, Leeds, Leicester, Sheffield, and Sunderland-the manufacturing districts of Lancashire, and the mining areas of Northumberland and Durham, have gone almost solidly for the Government. Nor is the movement less evident in Scotland. In no other part of the kingdom have the Radicals and Little Englanders been more unfortunate. Some distinguished men, like Mr. Morley, Mr. Asquith, Sir li. Reid, and Sir H. Campbell-Bannerman, have contrived to keep their seats: but, the Opposition rank and file have fared very badly. The contemptuous rejection of Dr. Clark, by the Caithness crofters, is peculiarly grateful to all who have the interests of the Empire at heart. He is replaced by Mr. Harmsworth, who, though he stood under the Liberal colours, is, in the South African question as keen a supporter of the Government as his Conservative rival, who was only 28 votes behind him. "Dear old Scotland" is no longer the Liberal mainstay. But if Scotch Radicalism has abandoned some of the trammels of ancient prejudice, "gal- lant little Wales still seems steeped in retrograde notions. The Liberals have won several seats in the Principality, and have thus afforded some comfort to Sir William Harcourt's. The English boroughs are represented by 178 Ministcralists, against 48 Oppositionists, which is even better for the Cabinet than in 1895. This is the more remarkable, as no admin's tration can exist for five years without making many enemies, and alienating a considerable degree of original support by inevitable mistakes. All this shows that the electors have grasped the supreme importance of the one great question of the hour, and have, in almost every instance, wisely subordinated every other issue to its satisfactory solution. Unfortunately, for their own credit, the most typical representatives of the Liberals, both before and during the election, have constantly spoken and acted in a manner calculated to encourage me Boers, and weaken the hands of the British Ministry. There have, indeed, been honour- able exceptions. Sir E. Grey, Mr. As ' quith, and a few other men of note have adopted a more sensible and patriotic attitude, but, speaking generally, the once great Liberal party has been put to headlong rout. A week ago their leaders were boasting of the Liberal revival, and were predicting the certain failure and disappointment of the Government. Strangely enough, they were then relying chiefly on the support of the urban eon stituencies. That prop having failed them, they are now desperately appeal- ing to the counties. But the upheaval in the counties, which was to counter- balance the Unionist successes in the boroughs, has not yet taken place. In a few districts, far removed from urban influences, where the voting strength of the two parties has been fairly evenly balanced, the swing of the pendulum has enabled a Liberal o wrest the seat from a Unionist. But these isolated successes only emphasise the Ministerial victory, for in almost every case it has been a Liberal Imperialist who has won, and three candidates, at any rate, profess to justify the war, the annexation, and the main outlines of the settlement in contempla- tion. Out of the 601 seats already filled up, only 150 are held by supporters of Sir Henry Campbell - Bannerman, and Lord Rosebery (though these two sections are widely divided on Imperial issues). The Opposition may count upon the occasional aid of the 79 Irish Nationalists, who, however, will insist upon a price for their assistance that may render it very dearly bought. At the moment of writing the Government following is composed of 323 English. Unionists, 32 Sept 17, and 19 Irish. Should the remaining 60 contests produce no party changes, the ultimate result of the general election will be-400 Unionists, 188 Radicals, and 82 Nationalists. Combining the Radicals and Nationalists, this gives the Government a majority of 130 being two more than they possessed when Parliament was dissolved, In their despair of finding any satisfactory explanation of their overwhelming repudiation by the great industrial centres, the Liberal leaders have invented the theory that the Government cannot enjoy the confidence of the country unless they get a greatly increased majority over that they enjoyed at the moment of the dissolution. If the Liberals can derive any consolation tests such a remarkable method of police coal calculation, it would be cruel to stuff them it. A few years ago, they thought themselves in possession or a very satisfactory mandate to govern, when they returned from an appeal to the country with a majority of 40. It seems strange that they should ignore the significance of the popular voice, when it authorises their opponents to hold the reins of power by one of the greatest majorities of the century. A Government, which Within less than six years, has twice ob twitted the incontestable approval of the nation upon the popular vote, enjoys an absolutely unique position. It is supported in the House of Commons by a preponderance of votes, which has only once been exceeded during the Queen's reign. If the Opposition consider such a result a moral victory," one only can express surprise at their easy content- ment. But the country will certainly not endorse Sir Campbell-Bannerman's contention that such a majority as the (Government possess confers no real moral authority to act in the name of the nation, he leader of the Opposition would do fail to reflect upon the significant fact but though be has secured his re-election in the Stirling Burghs, his majority, has shrunk to one-half its former dimensions. Sir William Harcourt has also adopted the Liberal most disorders. "It is quite plain, he contends, "that the election has been a disappointment to the Go Ftrnpient," and that the result is indi- cation at the dissatisfaction of the country. But if a majority of 136 is a proof of national indignation, what would be a proof of indication of popular approval? Any party or Government would gladly welcome such a slap in the face. Except in regard to one person, the contest has been fought with little unnecessary violence. But the personal vilification of Mr. Joseph Chamberlain by the dregs of the Liberal party has been so disreputable as to provoke from Sir Edward Grey a leading Liberal-the declaration that it was as stupid as it was pi4l¡,gaa#t, Mr. Chamberlain, unquestionably, has proved himself as much the man at the elections as he was the man of the crisis, and his colleagues recognise it and thank him for if. His sparkling and trenchant speeches, his brilliant electioneering tactics, and his ready wit, have rallied the country more than any other line. He has, in consequence, been no effect with almost insane rancour. But this storm of muddy invective" has re- coiled upon his assailants. Mr. Chamberlain may he the best abused man of his generation, but everyone recognises that a finds at the zenith of his career, Every species of calumny has been hurled at him, but all in vain, for he has risen £9 a height of political power which his exasperated enemies are equally unable to endure, and impotent to reduce. In such a contest, One senior member for Birmingham, and the Dictator of the Midlands, is perfectly able to take care of himself. He hits back so sharply and shrewdly, that he has discomfited many a foe. Sir William Harcourt humorously compares hie "mildness" of language to that which Sir Anthony Absolute addressed to his son when the latter objected 89 marry the lady his father had selected for him. The Colonial Secretary's description of the transformation which came ever Liberal politics the moment the dissolution was announced, created the utmost Amusements, The Little Eng- lander. be sent, disappeared, as if by magic, in a pantomime. He went down a demon and a Little Englander, and came He an angel and an Imperialist. When Mr Chamberlain labelled his opponents "pro-Boers," he may have overstepped the mark a little, but upon questions of taste and temper, his assailants ought to be the last to complain, for the initial attack certainly commenced with them. Even abroad it is recognised that the Colonial Secretary's powerful personality has dominated the elections, s It is feared, that his influence is the new Parliament will be so increased that he will be able to Mt the whole world by the care. It is but rarely that the Colonial Secretary agree anything on the subject of foreign affairs, and why he should be universally refuHH abroad as a dangerous firebrand is hard to explain- At any rate, he has tried to quell these nervous apprehend him. by the spontaneous explanation _^_W__otMgn policy would be Vi remain cSMpirjA Jay .yy'ttMaiy al natives, and to cultivate something closer than friendship with the United States, if possible. He does not think that policy inconsistent with the due maintenance of British rights, and he holds that a diplomacy which said what he meant, and meant what he said, is more likely to secure a good understanding than a policy of concealment, vacillation, and drift, Mr. Chamberlain augers the Anglophobe on the Continent by his frank recognition of the fact that we are too successful to have many friends. Excepting Italy and Greece, none of the European nations are disposed to give us even justice. Words worth's lines, written in 1800, apply equally now - '"Tis well from this day forward we shall know That in ourselves our safety must be sought t, That by our own right hands it must be wrought, That we must stand unpropped, or be laid low," Now that the Government have obtained an immense majority, people are beginning to ask, "What will they do with itP" A reconstruction of the Cabinet is widely desired, some modifications of it are inevitable. Mr. Goschen's retirement has left the Admiralty vacant, Lord Cad- ogan does not care to retain the Lord Lieutenancy of Ireland, though he has filled that high office with much acceptance, Lord Lansdowne is far from popular at the War Office, though it is believed li IB colleagues are better satisfied with his discharge of his onerous duties than his countrymen are, Sir Michael Hicks Beach is believed to be again threatened with serious trouble to his eyes, which may necessitate his retirement, though this is doubtful, and the advisability of separating the duties of the Prime Minister and those of the Secretary for foreign A firms, in order to relieve Lord Salisbury has again cropped up. Though all the Be- Cabinet changes are in the an, there is nothing really certain, except that Mr Goschen has retired, and that Lord Cadogan wishes to he relieved of his vice-royalty. In the subordinate offices of the Government changes are also thought to be desirable. Mr. liol nee Plunkett's defeat in South Dublin County, through an infamous cabal, ten- days it improbable that he will retain his post as vice- president of the Department of Agriculture and Industries. The country, it is believed, would welcome the in- fusion of new blood into the Cabinet, It will he almost impossible to find a strong successor to Mr Goschen. Under present circumstances the Administrator of the War Office will be a task of immense difficulty and responsibility. We have got through the war somehow, but Lord Dunraven IS clearly right in his contention that "thousands of lives and millions of money are involved in the difference between management and mu (Idle no cut in war. There has been too much of the latter under our existing military system. and the nation is clearly tired of it, and demands crucial reforms Mr. Chamberlain has been freely mentioned as an eligible War Munster, chiefly because he is a resolute and clear-headed business man But, he has been similarly named as the future Chancellor of the Exchequer, and even as the Secretary for Foreign Affairs As a matter of fact, there is no real reas- on to suppose that Mr. Chamberlain will leave his present office for any other, or that he has the least desire to do so. His great task of welding the colonies and the mother country more closely together is not completed, and for a long time to come his presence in Downing street is indispensable. The younger officials who are supposed to be eligible for the War Office and other Cabinet vacancies, are Mr. Hanbury, Mr. Brodrick, Mr Wind- ham, and Lord Selborne Among the clever young members who have shown Parliamentary ability and administrative power, Mr, Arnold Foster is most often mentioned Lord Cromer's visit to Lou gun, on, HMS juncture, is regarded as significant. HIS incomparable work in Egypt is supposed to have fitted him to under- take the Herculean task of War Office reform as well as to succeed Lord Salisbury in the conduct of Foreign Affairs The business of the latter department IIB increased SO vastly that it is impossible for the Minister responsible for it to also oversee and control the general policy of the administration BB n Prime Minister is expected to. It is a difficult problem, for while Lord Salisbury cannot be spared from the Premiership, it is impossible to name any English statesman who will carry equal weight in the councils of Europe with himself. He has steered the nation through many a period of storm and stress, and he is trusted in all diplomatic difficulties Uko no other man is-and this, both at home and abroad It is just a year since Presidents Klu- ger and Steyn commenced hostilities against the British, and thereby doomed the Dutch Republics in South Africa to extinction. Now, the question of the hour is, how best to re establish permanent order in the newly annexed territories. The Government policy has been already outlined, but the Opposition up near determined to object to any period of Crown colony administration. Sir H. Campbell-Bannerman pretends to be lieve that any such probation for the au noted provinces would mean that the people would be deprived of all their liberties and customs, and must submit in every detail of life to the whims of Mr Chamberlain. Sir William Had court appears to think it wise to immediately to store constitutional liberties to the new subjects of the Queen, even though they are still busy ambuscade and w rcLking military trams. Mr. Cecil Rhodes Ima chosen this juncture to address oppos into words of Counsel to the Congress of the South African League, and the large and generous policy ninth he advises has been characterised in England as sagacious and statesmanlike. The programme which he suggests the League should adopt embraces the three points which find most favour with the home country They are the supremacy of the Flag, equal rights for all, and the obliteration of the race question from its present dominant position. If the Cape colonists, and especially the Dutch element, until was with these aims in view, then Mr. Rhodes thinks there will be hope for the country So far as English statesmen are meet fled, there exists the most liberal bfpofi tion to deal generously with the Boers Only this week both Mr. Chamberlain an 1 Sir Michael Hicks-Beach have defeated with emphasis that they hope to see ? the Boers in the annexed territories soon > i joy the same free institutions as just ,' in Canada and Australasia, and Mr Rhodes, it will be observed, is never ' pointing to federation as the ultim i deal of South African development. by fear that the Boers field at a point of honour" to continue the war for v months from its commencement. If that is the only obstacle to a cessation of hostilities, that can no longer be dignified by the name of war, it has by this time been removed. A year has passed since the Boers issued their insolent defiance, "in the interests, not only of the Republican but also of all South Africa." They fought with splendid skill and courage, but in vain, for not even visionaries of the wildest order can now dream of a united South Africa under the Boer flag. The British Army, which the German press still designate as a bubble in khaki," are returning home after accomplishing their great task, and Sir Redvers Buller- has also started. It has occasioned no little surprise that the stern, impassive, taciturn leader in Natal is so thrilling. It was thought he would have remained to see the work of pacification through. It is touching to see how his bull - dog tenacity and dogged British El back have throughout been appreciate by his own army. He will be accorded an immense welcome in the home country, where it is recognised that the most desperate fighting of the war was in Natal, and in that part of the Transvaal fastnesses where Sir Redvers Buller chiefly operated. The sporadic outbursts of Boer violence, which still continue, cannot be ever dignified by the name of guerilla warfare and it is hoped the time is not distant when, in the interests of civilisation, the British Government will declare a state of peace, and treat he miBcieauts still in the field, not as combatants, but as marauding felons. The enrolling of General Baden Powell's constabulary indicates that that day is not distant It is to be hoped that the Government will not sanction the repatriation of the 16,000 BOCIB HO at St. Helena and Gor Ion until the whereabouts of the concealed i likes and guns B disclosed. The thousands of Boers who crossed the Port Guineas finn tier to avoid capture all openly boasting that the) will revolt again at the first opportunity, and they look to these coiiBcaled weapons far the means of working future mischief. The military news of the week has been vexatious. Sporadic outbreaks of Boer activity have occurred in various parts of the Orange Colony. De Wet has been trying to raise the drooping spirits of 'an followed by rashly assuring them that on the anniversary of the declaration of war the European Powers would intervene and stop hostilities, but the of are no day has come and gone, and no Power has made any sign. It is marvellous that the Boers can still be deceived by such trashy inventions. Remarkable disclosures have recently been made of the extent to which the Boer leaders have throughout deceived their men by lying statements of the grossest sort. Eiuger was always won MUK IIIB Generals to let him know and ninety English been killed, "in that I may see if the hand of God is still on my side " C'roujo, possibly as 8 huge joke, after the battle of Magersfontein telegraphed to the President, in reply to the usual question "I have been fly V&W; SWd and moved up to at the sight of the dead bodies, but then is still double that number to count " This elicited the response, 'told my fair share that the man who dies for truth will live for ever " The unfortunate accident" at Kaapnnndci recalls many other "regrettable incidents" which have been SO unpleasant!) familial throughout the war. The same may be said of the loss of the convoy at the Blood River The scouts clearly failed in their duty, and resistance became impossible, because a new Hotchkiss gun had been handed over to an infantry regiment, who did not know how to work it After they had managed to fire once, we are told the mother land of the breech completely beat the gunners, and the gun was silent " Prc paintions are being made in London to welcome the City Imperial Volunteers. Everyone is glad that this fine force will be received in a dignified and becoming manner, and not used to enhance the popularity of a Lord Mayor's Show The Colonial Contingents will be the next to arrive, and they will certainly) receive a tremendous ovation The farcical proceedings of the Allied POWOIB in China afford food for much cynical comment, but contribute little to the dignity of civilisation, and nothing towards the solution of the difficult pro Elfin of how to exist satisfactory repair tion from the Chinese author likes Th . nominal penalties inflicted upon Pi nee Tuan and his accomplices, of comBO are absolutely worthless If would Imperial edicts of that kind will satisfy the Powers, the Chinese may well laugh in their sleeve at the credulity of Europe. The d) nasty shows no signs of returning to Peking It is steadily moving towards Singan-fu, 700 miles further into the in tones, and if the Allies evince any disposition to pursue the fugitive Court into the depths of the Umpire, the older can be given to vote another 1,000 miles in- land. It is clear that the international forces cannot strike in this direction. The so called "Concert" of the Powers is evidently destined not to last long. The conflict of interests is too great, and the jealousies are extreme. A remarkable report reaches us to-day from Russia We are told that the General in command at Wiluna explained to his division that the latest troops ordered to the Far East had been recalled from Odessa in order to be ready for a foot nearer home. As Wilma is the chief centre for all operations of war in the defence of the line of the Ma- Union, it is thought that the Police hinted at can only be Germany However, that is is pure conjecture and the news may be an invention, even though the text of the General's remarks is given. The Russian Foreign Office protests that the Czar has no designs on Manchuria, notwithstand- ing mngiiiloqucnt declaration of the Governor General of the Amur, annexing the light, or Chinese, bank of that great river. The Russian "Official Gazette" declares that this proclamation was merely intended to frighten the Chinese insurgents. Now, the Russian Minister of War has informed General Grodekoff that the Emperor, in view of a speedy renewal of a goodly relations with China, had been good enough to decide that no part what ever of China should be annexed to the Russian dominions" The most curious circumstance in connection with General Gi editor's famous telegram respecting annexation was that it was not addressed to the rebellious Manclius, but to the Minister of War at St. Petersburg If it really frightened the Czar's Government into declaring that the occupation of Niuchwang and Manchuria are merely temporary measures, it will have done much good, and helped to clear the international situation. W}ii(lhnm'B Theatre and the Lyceum have produced now plays this week. At the former "Mrs. Dane's Defence" was given, and at the latter 'Tot Auld Lang Syne," the one a problem play, and the other a "khaki" melodrama Having dragged into the light the pleasures of the lackeys, Mr Henry Arthur Jones, in his latest drama, devote his talents to the peccadilloes of the govoinossoB. The play is thinly constituted, and derives its chief attractions from the splendid ability with which it is acted. It contains a great third net. In it the heroine (Miss Ashwell) undergoes a double ordeal of cross-examination at the hands of the hero-Judge Carteret( Mi. W}ii(lhnm\ in which the eminent judge costumes the floor governess into confessing a lapse of in lot youth, and the exposure of the season delivers the judge's son from the pi one of To many the aiTventmess. If the truth be told, Judge Cartel et is an eloquent humbug, a sort of judicial PeckBiuff, w lir, with a very discreditable past of his own is yet full of beautiful moral sentiments, which catch the applause of the gallery It is a painful but powerful act. Of course, the victory rests with the judge, who has the gratification of presenting his son from making another man's inis tress The moral of the play is that the world's judgment for a woman IS harder than it is for a man. Everyone knows that such is the case, but it looks ugly when plainly brought into view, and Judge Cal ton ex throughout insists that there is one law for the man and another for the woman. Both Mr. Wyndham and Miss Ashwell acted with great power, the lady with a force and subtlety which won her warm applause. Both, indeed, seemed a most cordial reception for a play which owes most of its success to the r talent. The costumes of the ladies wore singularly effective. It seems strange to that the Lyceum producing a class of play which is usually identified with Hu Adelphi, but the war fever must be until - sod, even if tradition be disregarded. The plot is very threadbare, and the dialogue full of false and saw di} sentimentality, but the drama contains some telling situations, and benefits by the excellent acting of the per former B. The South Aln tim incidents are exciting, and the mount- ing and stone accessories admirable. The original of the titular character in Lord Beaconsfield's "Lothar" is dead. The Mat quin of Bute was a nobleman whose career has attracted a vast amount of interest, not only from his former of wealth, but also owing to the lofty ideals which inspired its expenditure. "are pretty little boy, but very shy," whom Disinoli introduces to the reader in the first lines of his famous novel, grow into a man of singularly handsome presence, 6ft. 4in. high, and splendidly propor tioned. At the age of 21 he abandoned Presbyterianism, and become an illness OBtic Roman Catholic. He was a student all his life, and almost a recluse. His attachment to the Roman Catholic faith was so pronounced that he encouraged the annual blessing by a priest of the grape harvest from the vines on his South Wales property. He was interested in spiritualism, and his attempt to discover the ghost at Ballechin House a few years ago created great amusement. His bene i actions have been on a princely scale. 