HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Wednesday, November 21. The Speaker (Sir Jenkin Coles J took the chair at 2 p.m. PETTIONS. The Speaker (Sir Junkin Coles) took the chair at 2 p.m. ceived and read. Mr. GRAINOER—WouId it be in order ~ia asking that the signatures to the peti tion be p-aOed? Ite Sl'JiAiiJi?—The petition is referred Co the Print-ing Oammiuee. When, the re \- part of tihe committee is brought up the fton. member can move chat t&e; names be printed. ... 3fa. TUCKER aaked by whom die peti tion was signed':? : The SPIuAKER-C. Proud, President o£ the Public Tramways League. Mr. . BBOOKER presented a petkion lrom six of the beneficiaries under the will ?of the late Mr. Gray, asking that an ' mripririmemt Should be made in the Pata iwaionga Bridge BUI, as agreed upon with the promoters of that Bill. Received and read. LOAN BILL. " A message was received from his Excel lency the Governor recommending the JBbose of Aeaen&iy; to make -provision by _Ufll.for_the payment of £930,300 and i?te . rest to be raised by way of loan, for the fol lowing purposes:—Railways. £504,200; Post ?nd Telegraphs. £34,000; harbor improve ments, £14,612; waterworks, £193.600; drainage, £15,000; lighthouses, £17,000; ] WriHings, Ac, £55,121; other loan works, I£3LBSO; estimated cost of floating loan, <fee- £64,917. Total, £930,300. SOOTH AFRICAN CONTINGENTS. I The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. G. Uenkins), in reply to Mr. Butler, said he tad "received no communication from \Ve*t . iAustraiia. witii respect to the troops return ing from South Africa. i RAILWAY COTTAGES. Mr. POYNTON said the Commissioner I of Public Works promised some time ago to a report upon the question of rents charged for railway cottages on the 3Cor thero line. He had not seen anything of l&e; return. " The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC I WORKS (Hon. R. W. Foster), said he srould see the Railways CommUnioner about the matter in the morning. INVALIDED SOLDIERS. The Hon. A. CATT asked if tie Chief Secretary had made enquiries re the state ment that the Victorian invalided soldiers are receiving better treatment than ours? \- Tie CHIEF SECRE'EARY said tie Pre ? mier liad wired to the Premiers of the ether colonies, and bad received replies from some. When all were received, he '. jroold communicate with the hon. member. BORING OX MURRAY FLATS. Mr. PABCH asked if the Commissioner of Crown Lands bad yet received from the ? Government Geologist the report promised some time ago in regard to the possibility of obtaining artesian water on the Murray B?tate? The OOMMBSSrOKER of CROWN E&KDS; (Hon. L. O'Loughlin), said the report was not yet ready. Mr. Brown had only just returned from Tarcoola, and had not had time to deal with the matter PBPjTDsTG COMJOTTEETB REPORT . Mr. HUTCHISON presented the report -(of tfie Printing Committee. ? _ ? BEETALOO WATERWORKS _Tfce COMMISSIONER ?£ PUBLIC jWORKS, in reply to Mr. Grainger, said _tfcat tihe promises of the Government in ,tegard -to.rating in the Beetaloo water dis *nct had been carried out. The position waa that iiie department had granted two .months, rebate on water, and that when *ac- -water became fresh in the pipes they , deferred rating for two months more. Some statements had been made that the Yacka Iwater was not yet good, and these would be .enquired into. Mr. OONEYBEEE asked what was the came of the terrible leakage in the Beetaloo .prater area? . \3&?POiS¥ns6lovlE? of PUBLIC .WORKS said he was not aware of any ' feakage and did not think it existed. Only \- 4?st Friday he spent several hours with the resident engineer (Mr. Hicks) *?R-i¥ig about ..*ne. ?y?tetn, and nothing of the kind was Mentioned. , RIVER MURRAY FISHERIES '.- He TREASURER (Hon. F. W. Holder), ja reply to Mr. Dttmas, said he found that '.Hie report of the Inspector of Fisheries, ?which he referred to the previous day, was not a complete one, and only referred to come matters between Gookra and the ? JUt?Tay month. It would be some days be fore the complete report was available. In lepljr to Mr. Price, he said he hoped to ? Say- the fisheries report on the taftrfe before ?c House rises, out he was not certain iwhether it would be ready. .. HAPPY VAIiLEY WATERWORKS. ? The Hon. W. B. ROUNSEVELLsaid that -fnanj- millions of gallons of water per week were used for cleansing the pipes leading ifrom' Happy Valley, and were wasted. Would the Commissioner of Public Works ?eek some means of utilising tihis water, -and -of- panting the use of water for irri \- Cation at a reduced rate? T*e COMMISSIONER of PUiiLIC ? WORKS said ne would be only too glad if 'some means could be devised-for anowing .water need for flushing pipes to be avail able for irrigation. The Happy Valley -Gdhame- was aot an irrigation scheme, but fee Would consider' whether some of the -water could he nsed -for winter irrigation. PORT VICTOR LD7EBOAT. The CHIEF SECRETARY, in reply to Sir. Tucker, said he expected a. report from the Naral Commandant in a day of two with respect to a lifeboat for Port Victor. He understood the report was favorable to ft'lifeboat feeing provided. . FEDERAL GOVEENMEKT. * "Mr. HOURIGAfiT asked if the Treasurer -was aware of any communication having ,been received from the Governor-tienerai in reference to the appointment ot a fede ral Government? The TREASURER said that so far as he fenew there had been no sudh commnnica- Jtion. It was practically impossible for ' any Australian rtatesmim to be entrusted ?with the task of forming a Government until the Governor-General has arrived in Australia. v COMMONWEALTH ACT. The TREASURER, in reply to Mr. dynn, said he had given instructions to lave the Commonwealth Act printed and bound up at the end of die Acts passed by the Parliament this session. BARRIER RAILWAY RATES. The TREASURER, in reply to the Hon. JA. Catt, said the reduction in the rate for slimes applied to all outports, and would date from December L The rate was re duced to the Jevel of that in force twelve months ago for all classes of ore. Mr. GRAINGER asked if the Govern ment would Bee that proper assays were taken before any rebate was allowed on the carriage of slimes? The TREASURER—Yes. THE ANDERSEN CASE. : Mr. GRAINGER asked if the Govern ment would obtain a report from Mr. Jus tice Bundey on the trial of the prisoner l&ndersen;, who had been released? . The CHIEF SECRETARY said the Go vernment had no objection to obtain a re port from bis honor. TARCOOLA GOLDFiELDS. Mr. POYNTON asked if any decision bad been arrived at with reference to the mTmointment of a medical officer at Tar 'coola? The CHIEF SECRETARY—No. The Go- Tenment had inserted an advertisement in ?&c; daily newspapers, asking for applica tions from medical men, but no suitable or qualified doctors bad applied. Another ad vertisement was inserted subsequently, and op to that morning the Government had re ceived no application. BUSINESS OF THE HOUSE. The TREASURER, in reply to Mr. Shan non, said be intends! to ask the House to 'iit on." Fridays in accordance with a pro mise given, by the Government to facili tate the transaction of private members' buaness. In reply to Mr. Coneybeer, he ?Sa the Government proposed to ask the {Bouse to sit late that (Wednesday) even ing^ (Mr. Grainger—"Tni what time?") It all depended on the progress made with boarness. Next day it wouM be impossible to at late. (Mr. Price—"Why?") Because several of the rooms of Parliament House ?would be occupied dnrinfr "the evening, and tihe Government proposed therefore to a?Jc flbe House to meet on Thursday at 11 a.m. ?nd to rise at 6.30 p.m. Next week the ? House would probably sit late on Tuesday and Wednesday. On Thursday they would ?w*aMy proro?ue- I? "?>>? to Mr. Broofcer. he said I*B* the sittm? on Friday ?WOTlid t>e for private membere' business, and if there <wae business still in hand at 650 the Government would assist to make a House. He lioped, however, that as they wooH nave a hme and exhaasting week it would not be necessary to sit after 630 on IWd?jr" VERMIN DIbTRICT. The Hon. W. B. ROLTNSEVELL asked if toe necessary action had been taken in connection with a memorial for the estab lishment .of. a vermin district near Tar -^The' COMMISSIONER of CROWX IiAKDS said the application had been re ceived, and would be considered in the nsual way. VERMIN DISTRICTS BILL. A message was received stating that the legislative Council had agreed to this Bill. pjti amendments, to which it asljed the agreement of the House of Assembly. Amendments to be primed and considered to- morrow. CEREAL RAILWAY RATES. The_ COMMISSIOXEK of i'l BLIC \VORKj>, in reply to Mr. C'uinniiti>, said it was intended to charge tie same rates for the carriage oi wheat over our railways this year as obtained la<t year. RAILWAY ,-AXITATIOX. ?Mr. I'OVMOX asked ilie Commissioner of Public Works if. iv the interests of health, he would have the mats in tbe rail way carriages destroyed? Would it not be opportune to make a bonlire of them on January 1. The " COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS said lie ivould refer the niutier to the Railways Commissioner. COXTCRXMEXT RLTPLIES The TREASLRKR (Hon. V. \V. Holder), in reply to Mr. Tucker, said very full en quiries had been made ixith regard lo the report of tlie Cliamber of Manufactures, | with reference to complaints by local manu facturers, and the Commissioner ot Public Works would give tiie result oi them in speaking that alieraoon. SCHOLARS" RAILWAY RATE?. The Hon. A. CAIT asked when a reply would be forwarded to the ' deputation which waited upon the Railways Commis sioner recently with reference to the rates, charged on the rail way h for country school children? The Commissioner had pro mised to make enquiries. The COMMISSIONER of PCBLIC WORKS said he would make further* en quiries and let Mr. Catt know. SAVINGS BASK. ilr. GRAINGER said he had asked the Treasurer to make certain enquiries from the Savins* Bank on rhe question of free hold estate. That ivas aDout a. week before he sjK>ke on the matter. It was on9y on Tuesday that flic Treasurer 'had baea able to - obtain a. rej>ly. Tiie questions he wanted answered were as folloivs: —I. In the balance of the isa\\-ings Bank freehold estates foreclosed securities show £50,607 7/2. Is aBy rent obtained from this asset; and if so, where does the amount show? ?J. As the amount stood in 189S at ?72,899 3/, 1 Should tike to know whether by reali hadon alone the amount -has been reduced; I and if so, whether any loss or profit has been made, and where the fetter figures appear. Toe accountant of the bank had replied to the questions as follows:—1. Ye?, rents are obtained from ?jme oiihz VTcixrtic* comprised in the freehold estate. They are not rfioivn in the baJance slieet, being credited to account (less rates, taxes, insurance. &c.;) for the punrose of writing down Hie account. 2. The account has been reduced by realisation and rents. Profits 'have been made on some sales and losses on oifher?. Profits, together with rents, have been absorbed in the account against losses, wihidh 'have also been pro vided for when required out of the current income of fhe bank. He asked if The Trea surer would urge the Savings Bant authori ties to set out Their accounts more clearly? The TREASURER said he "had no power to authorise the bank officials to do any thing in that direction. He 'had no doubt, however, that if a. request were made a note of fhe matter would be taken. RAILWAY SERVICE. Mr. WOOD asked—l. Upon what date did J. Mills, note employed on the railway at Port Elliot, enter rhe Government ser vice? 2. Was his time broken* 3.- If co, when? Uhe COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS replied—l. August 24, 1877. 2. No. RAILWAY TRUCKS. Mr. WOOD asked—l. Is the Commis sioner aw-are that, throus'h the trucks being wronfily tared, the consignee not only nat to pay for weight not carried but also pays the consignor (Who takes the Governmout weight for goods) for goods which the con signee never received ': 2. Will ?he Com missroner attend at once to these com- PlThe^" COMMISSIOXER of PUBLIC WORKS replied— 1. The Ra?ways Oomma siooer roi>orts that "he has no knowledge as to the consignor bein? paid according to the railway weight, but the consignee, oi coarse, rays according to the railway ?weights unless 'he can prove the weighing i? incorrect. 2. Tiie maUer will continue to have attention, but necessarily the tares of wooden waggons must fluctuate consider ably with vhe weather, and the advantage is not always on the side of the department. BRASSWORK TENDERS. Mr. BOURIGAN asked—\Viiat was t!ht ditteix-nce in the amount of the successful tenderer and the Way and Works Depart ment for the brasiwork ror wnich the Go vernment recently called tenders? The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS replied—lt is presumed that this question, refers to tenders for 500 brass pad locks, and .the difference mas £'2 1/8. DEFECTIVE AMMUNITION. Mr. PEAKE asked—l. Is the Goyern ment aware that there is a. strong opinion amongst men belonging to rifle companies that fhe cartridges supplied to them for die Martini-Henri rifles are of very inferior quality? 2. Will tie Government cause enquiry and test to be made? The CHIEF tjEORETARY replied—l. The Commandant reports that some of the ammunition issued haa been fault]'. 2. A thorough te& of this class of ammunition now in band has been ordered, and will take place next Saturday, at the: Port ranges. MINING CLAIMS. Mr. McDONALD asked—l. Wfoat is the number of mining claims held and worked by the Government? 2. What is rJie num ber of men employed trpon tbe same? The OOMME?SK>NER of CROWN LANDS replied—l. Two. 2. Two. In addi : tion to the above there are six men em ployed on the !Monnt Torrens mine, .and two on ground at Mount Grainier that has been withdrawn* from the operation of the Mining Act. Boring operations are also being carried on at Ediasara. SUBURBAN INDUSTRIAL SOCIETIES. . Mr. BROOKER asked—ln view of tbe work accomplished by suburban floricnl tural and industrial societies, is it the in tention of the Minister to apportion some of fhe grant to the Royal Agricultural So ciety for the purpose of encouraging sub urban societies? The -MINISTER of EDUCATION re plied—No. It is not proposed to expend this vote except as provided on ilhe Esti mates. GOVERNMENT SUPPLD3S. Mr. WOOD moved—"That, in the opinion of this House, a Select Committee should be appointed to enquire into the charges laid against tiie Government and the Supply and Tender Board with regard to publfc tenders." He realised tha im portance of the question, pai'tly in con sequence of the remarks made by Mr. Price wien be read a letter from Messrs. Martin and Co., of Gawler, -with regard to the treatment of public tenderers oy the Go vernment. Only a. few days after Mr. P-rite spoke a meeting of 'the Chamber of Manufactures was held, at which a commit tee was appointed to enquire into the mat ter, and the committee made tSrme grave charges about the method of Government ?Dendenng. Certain stricturea were also made about himself on account of ?what he had slid about the boilers the Government imparted from Victoria. He was quite prepared to accept honest criticism, but the facts he had. stated cams from the most reliable source —tiie Commissioner oi PubHc Works. He was charged by the chamber, and also by Mr. Carpenter, wi;h not understanding the position. Ihe lat ter on August 2 made tiie remark—"He -was glad to know on reliable information that the chief reason why the South Australian manufacturers made their prices so high was t-hsi'D they were so futi of <work that they could not comply with the time limit ot the Government." That was not the reason civen in. the report of the commit tee, winch said—"One of the niost starting facts that has come to light is that of the work of a majority of the firms interview ed, not more than 10 $>er cent., and in some ?ases only 5 per cent., ?t o.he whole, is dome for supplying South Au-tralian orders, and the balance of 90 per cent, to 95 per cent, is done to execute orders com ing from the other Australian eoioaies, from Neiv Caledonia, British Columbia, fiouch Africa, and otiier places. In maay cases tlie orders were obtained under keen competition with colonial, Eng lish, and foreign manufacturers, some ot whom had works much nearer the spot with cheap freights, coal, and material " That was an evidence that protection was not needed by the manufacturers of South Australia. Xot only was he justified in asking for a. tjelect Committee to be ap pointed, tut the committee of the Chamber of Jlanufactures asked for one. Their re port recommended:—That copies of this re port and appendices should be forwarded to the Government with a respectful and urgent request that a Royal Commission be appointed to enquire into the whole mat ter, and that this chamber be asked to nominate a. fair proportion of the members of such Commission."' He was not aware that it was the practice to put outsiders on a Royal Commission, ibut lie had no objec tion to its being done in this oase. Mr. Price had withdrawn his charges because "he was friendly to tbe Government," but lie ('Mr. Wood) expected tlie Government to defend their action with regard to the tendering. He had n?ver 'lieeii antasronis tii- to the manufai ttirers of £outh -Vt.-ti.ilia. (Mr. Grainger—"What! You said the ot/'her day they were robbers.") lie never use? FUt-Ii a word. He did not blame the manu ' fneturers for petting all they could oct r.i the Government, but he blamed the Go vernment for allowing them to do it. The reiwr't continued:— "The tiviid oi" the South Australian Government ha- been to with draw from private manufacturers all ihe work po*ulile into departmental work-lioji?, thus lendifiz to stitle privaiu enterprise. In nearly all'case~ private u>ani::.u-:iii-e:- U;n t demonstmied to the South AuT-tmiian <.'o veniment that work could be done iv this colony which 'their officials have dcvlared could not be done here: or, if done, the cost o! ivlucli would be prohibitive. As .-oon as ilie fallacy of them statements has been i Wljown anti private firms pui to the expense I of c'htdininjr nei- esnirj' plant for cai-r>'ingi out the work, the Government has, ujkhi I the recommendation of its officers, put down plants of its own and carried out the work which the latter had previously de clared could not he dune in the colony, thereby duplicating existing plants, and in many instance;: causing great loss to private tiims." Because in (he pas-t manufacturers had been protected by heavy duties they .seemed to be under the impression that they were for ever lo have the right to iierform all the new work the Government required. Practically the people had purchased ail their machinery for them, and now tliey pleaded ior a monopoly to keep that ma chinery employed. The Government were more than justified in accepting the Vic torian tenders for the boilers, because tlie additional price asked by the local people ior imported boilers would have paid all the wages for making them, lie had seen tbe boilers, and considered them to be very strong. The tube plates and tubes were very neatly put in, but the edges of the plates had not been planed with a. bevel. They had been roughly chipped, and the caulking was irregular. This, however, did not make tbe boilers less strong, though it spoiled their appearance. The rivetting was well done, and there were no loose rivets. A good competent officer had gone over to Victoria to inspect the boilers, and he would not risk his reputation by passing unsatisfactory work. Messrs. Fulton & Co. had accused him (Mr. Wood) of not knowing tiie circumstances of the case. He confessed that when speak ing upon these boilers he knew nothing about the class or specifications, and based his remarks entirely upon information re ceived from the Government, who, wiien replying to his speech, put the matter fair ly, and said that in future no tenders -would be called unless it was intended to accept one from a private firm, or the tender of the Government workshops sent in at the same time. 13ie Government ought to have issued specifications for the bouei-s, but if t/he Victorian firm could supply their own specifications, surely the f>outh Australian manufacturers could do the same. The whole desire of the Chamber of Jlanufac tures seemed to be that no new work should be done at the Government work shops, but it must not be forgotten that over £300,000 had been spent on these .shops, and that they had some of the most competent men in Australia working tSiere, while the officers were qualified men, reeeiv ing iarge salaries. These shops and officers should not to be allowed to be idle while work was done outside. (Mr. Grainger— "And yet you pretend you are a free trader.") The SPEAKER asked Mr. Grainger not to interrupt Mr. Wood. Mr. WOOD said he would insult Mr Grainger if he was not quiet. (Mr. Grain ger—"l ?nl.v pointed out that you are not a freetrader.") Mr. Grainger was a fool. Ihe work in the Government. shops was otten -done under keener inspection and at less cost than in private establishments ? es t^A Fulton ?&? Co. and Messrs. Mar tin & Co. ought to be the very last to com plain of the treatment they had received trom the Government. Messrs. Fulton and Co. mere the first to construct steel and iron prpes for the Government, but when the ?Government called for tenders for nvetted iron pipes they could not com pete with Mr. Mephan Ferguson, of Mel bourne, who had to bring Lis plant here and take it away again. That showed his statement .that the manufacturers of the other colonies could do work more cheaply than those of t!his colony -was not exaggera ted. The late Commissioner of Public H orks, who was now the Chief Secretary had also stated that the work could be done more cheaply by the Government at Glan vilie than by private enterprise, and on that account the people would be justified in demanding that the Government should do the work. Some of the manufacturers had objected to the scrutiny of the Gov ernment inspector. He 'believed the manu facturers did good work, and he could not understand why the manufacturers made thiSi objection. The work in the Govern ment workshops -was also done -well to his knowledge. Messrs. Fulton & Co. said:— "The latest instance of their hostility to wards local manufacturers, apart from the case of the boilers, is of an order haying been reeentlv given for smelting furnaces to "be im ported from America.'- He did not believe in that being done, and the Government would have to answer the charge them selves. Messrs. Fulton & Co. were also un der the impression that the Government should not compete with them. Why should our workshops be excluded from competing if it were to -the interest of the general taxpayer that they should? He wanted to see the manufacturers righted, but at the same time he wanted to see tin. taxpayers protected. Tlie statement by Messrs. Forwood, Down, & Co. justified his remarks about the boilers. That statement said: —'"I believe in many cases manufac turers quote.simply out of courtesy, fully believing at the time that every effort will be made to have the work done in one of the Government workshops, and further be lieving tnat if they put in a price which should obtain the job, the supervision would be. most rigid and exacting, and they therefore put in price* .far above what they would for private consumers." There was an admission by a former president of the Chamber of Commerce that tenderers put in a higher price for Government work than for other work, and that showed he was justified in saying the manufacturers were driving work out of South Australia.1 The manufacturers made a lot of the state ment ttiat rf they removed to ano ther colony the working men would suffer. Tbe .work, however, would be done in the Government workshops, where tiie men would be treated just as well as they were by the private employer. In. 1890 he was one of a deputation of railway employes that waited on Mr. Burgoyne, who was then Commissioner of Pu9>lic Works, and he proved by facts and figures that the work in. the Government workshops was done more cheaply than it could be done by private enterprise. He was not afraid of criticism, but he objected to the manu facturers saying he did not understand the question. He had as good a. knowledge of the value of mechanical work as a large number of other people, and he believed that in the interests of the general tax payers the more work done in the Govern ment workshops under good supervision the 'better. He repudiated tbe charge that he favored cheap and nasty work. It appeared that some manufacturers, though highly protected 'themselves, wanted to import goods and make a. big profit. The imported engines were to cost £1,397, but they had been made hy the Government, with § in. plates, and delivered at Port Adelaide for £1,075, Showing that the manufacturers wanted to make an extra profit of £330. When he spoke about these engines he said —"The* importation of the engine which was now to be seen in the Waterworks yard was another instance of the abuse of a pro tectionist policy. That engine was one of the simplest and roughest he had ever look' ed upon. The crank was of wrought iron, and was a disgrace alike to the people who made it and to the people irho accepted it when it arrived here." He asked Mr. Bat chelor, who was-a-practical man, to go down and verify his statement. Tbe complaint was that that engine was> not of the same horsepower as the one Martin & Co. could have supplied. The Government asked for a certain class of engine of a certain horse power. Martin & Co. thereupon, tendered for a different sort oi* engine altogether— either an engine of '20 horsepower more than was required or a 9-horsepon-er engine less than was needed. The advantage of the Ciovermnent doing their own w..ik wat> th.it Parliament thi'ii n.ul si-mc po'.wr and con trol over both o!tu-er> .mil men, and n wrongs e.vir-te.i t)i.> ?-oiiKl bi- remedied. Pil maki' a.- much as posMiilu .?ui ol llu-iv <<)ii tr.li.-t!-, and !?> elitvl l-'iis liiey i-ullieliim— disregarded the rights of their employes. If the Government protected the manuia< lurcrs by the imposition of duties lucre should Ik- a clause inserted in all Govern ment sjiecihcaiions compelling su,-h manu tui-luicrs to luiy ihe highest rale oi' wage?. He iiojied the House would support the motion for liie appointment ol a Selet-l Committee, so that an equitable adjustment might be made. Mr. GKAING- KK was sure members would be sorry when tin; session closed that they had not an opportunity of hearing Jlr. Wood s]>e?k every Wednesday afternoon. They would say. so surely as each Wednes day came round, "Oh. if it were only pos sible for Mr. Wood to t.;lk to v.- for an hour or two or more upon some subject of which he knows norliing whatever." Mr. Wood was as variable a> the shadows in autumn. On one day that member declared that a great injustice was being done to South Australia 'because he could nol get three more n>cn employed to make hat<?. The next day he would abolish the Custom* altogether, and discharge every man in the Government employ. "Imiwrt all your ma chinery," Mr. Wood would exclaim. -'Dis charge" your men. They are robbing the country." They are thieves and rascals. <!et rid of them." Not long since, Mr. Wood to-ld members that he -was such a rank pro tectionist they could pmel! him miles away, but now he was an arrant freetrader and single-taxer. Of course that gentleman had his bosses in the locomotive workshop, who told him -what to do. Mr. Wood said— "Protection is rank roibbery," and asked the Government to imi>ort their goods and get tuem as cheap as possible. That doctrine suited about 20 people in the locomotive workshops, but it didn't suit tlic rest, and Mr. Wood had found that out. Accord ingly, lie was now trying to curry favor with the manufacturers. He wanted to get the support of the jirotec tionists on the one side and the freetraders on the other, and it was a very difficult thing to accomplish. Mr. Wood had been elected on the protectionist ticket. He (Mr. Grainger) bad voted for him every time be had stood, but in doing so he thought he was voting for a protectionist. Now he found he had been slipped up. (Mr. Solo man—"l -wish they were all as stanch a-s he is."') He knew that Mr. Wood was a stanch supporter of Jlr. Solomon, regardless of whether the latter was right or wrong. At one time Mr. Wood argued in favor of ab solute free-trade. A few minutes later he would be heard strongly advocating protec tion, and declaring that all work should be done in the colony, at whatever cost. If that member would only look up an answer which he had received to a question on tlie previous day be would find that a 10 per cent, revenue tariff could be highly protec tive in regard to one article, and not at all protective in regard to another. Assuming that 90 per cent, of the cost of an imported article went for material, and 10 per cent, for. labor, a 10 per cent, revenue tariff af ter making allowances for freight, &c.;, really represented 80 per cent, of protec tion. (Mr. Wood—"lt does not.") If Mr. Wood would go down to the Locomotive shops he would find people there who would corroborate his figures. But if, on the contrary, the labor upon an article re presented 90 per cent, and the material 10 per cent, it wvuld be recognised that a. 10 per -cent, revenue tariff, in such a case, would not be in any -way a protective duty. He believed that Mr." Wood's cqntradic tions were due to the fact that there were about 20 intelligent men in the locomotive workshops wlio bo.<sed that member When Sir. Wood -talked about Mephan Fergusson's pipes, he knew that Mr. Fer gusson had patent rights for those pipes. (Mr. Wood—"He has do patent rights for rivebted pipes, and you know it.") lie was referring to the pipes that were used at Happy -valley. At tie time he thought that the laying of U miles of those pipes would be sufficient, as the matter was one of an experimental nature. He was very glad that the pipes had turned out to be so good. Mr. Wood objected to private enterprise. There were certain enterprises where the Government of a young country was jus tified in incurring some risk, but it should not be asked to do everything. It -was true the Government could get money cheaper than the private individual, and they did not have to pay interest on the land they occupied, while they could gee first-class men owing to tne permanency of the employment, but they could not go aibroad for work as private manufacturers could do. In his opinion it was a pity to slaughter all our manufacturers, -who in bad tiroes had gone into Broken Hill. West Australia, and Tasmania, and so kept their men fully employed, where the Govern ment would have had to put them on quar ter time. He would rather see the men at Islington employed on full time under a protectionist tariff than he would see them sent away under a system of free- The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS said rue Government did not in tend to support the motion, because they did not think the proposed committee was necessary. The Chamber of Manufactures had demanded a searching enquiry into the complaints raised as to the methods of the Government in dealing -with tenders for work required, and he submitted in para graphs to the press -what the position of the Government was. He Had also ordered departmental reports from the Engineer-in- Chief and the Supply and Tender Board. The report of the Engineer-in-Chief con tradicted many of the statements made by the chamber, and he would give publicity to both reports at an early date. (Mr. HonVburg—"'Can't you lay them on the table and have them printed?") He would do so. Shortly put, the plea of the manu facturers -was that the State workshops should confine themselves to repairs, and not undertake new construction work. The Government could not agree to that, for they believed in the continuance of the State -workshops, not only for repairs, but as a check on private manufacturers in supplying materials. The Government be lieved that the State workshops should be placed on exactly the same footing as pri vate workshops', and that sealed tenders should be sent in to the Supply and Ten der Board, and no more favorable condi tions given to the State workshops than to private tenderers. It was in the interest of tiie taxpayers iSiat this policy should be adopted, as otherwise the Go vernment -would be in fhe hands of the manufacturer, Who in, several big b'nes would nave practically a monopoly, and would be able to demand prices out of all prt?portion to those rnlinE in the open market. If the outside tender was lower than die Government one, it was accepted, as in a recent -case where Mr. Debbie's tender for the manufacture of taps was Id. below 'that of tihe State workshops. It had been stated by some outside manufac turers that if <Sic work was done by the State, and it cost more than tlie estimate, the difference was debited to some other work. The Railways Commissioner and the Chief Mechanical Engineer assured him that this was absolutely untrue. (Mr. Hom burg—"Who bears *be loss, if tlhere is one?") If the cost exceeded "die estimate a special report had to be laid before t/he Commissioner of Public Works, and that document could be called for by the House. (Mr. Homburg—"The Commissioner of Audit says the account? can't be traced.") He did not- say so. On the contrary, ue snoke -highly of ike system adorted in the Government workshops. (Mr. Hnudysndf— "What is tlie penaitv for the officer wlio makes the mjstsker'l It was a ciiwider aWp penalrv. (Mr. Handyside--"W!h.it is it?") The "hon. member knew. _ (Mr. Horn bur?—"An increase of salary?") It was jusr. ?tlbe opposite. The d<4?te -was interrupted by the orders of fhe day. STB.iiM BOnVEKS BHX. Second reading. ?Mr. CARPENTER, in moving the second reading, said "Mr. had endeavored for years -to pas? a Steam Boilers" Bill, and ho icji that in iiurodurinp ini.J Jiiea.-mc lie was. jumping iliiii im-nili. i\\- i-laim. Sittiorl;. iiixvcvci'. k.ivui;: riK.-i.-il to brin^ in if?- Kill, in- iv.l r.ik,-:, a ??„. .u,.i ..- li.- li.kl .1 r!.i-c ?<i>iii<-i'ii<in iviiii tin.- luiie ail'-i-ioil !??? ?=?? iI- .-.?!; i..- ??,- „..: Hop ing Mr. .<:lieik"> ii?h:^ in .mv way. La-t .';??' -.?:'.?„?? ??.'??'. '? "? >??? -:--''r"-^ Kxp!o-j Kngli^i legislation, wa- iias.-cd, and it was' Ulkil! }ll[<) OJllllllU. ?_? lilt:-. --?>?! S.'.rV.l ~...>1l alltrivaid:-. niid e,:rly ilii> m.—i.Mi ;li?- mea sure was revived ;,i"ilio m.ijjo ;ii "iiicli it na.- left l?-i ivar. In Jlic ineanniiih' ox ploi-ion.~ had occurred, ami members- atii-eed thai not only ?~.i> it neie^.nv to e-lai'li'h a court of enquiry into tJic i-;ui:-e> <>l explo sions, as provided l>y the original Bill, but liiat it \\\a< essential to appoint inspectors so as lo |jievent, il po*-ib!r. further explo sion-. On Augii-1 25 lie had received tlie following leuertrtmi the secretary of the Chamber of ilanulactuies:— "I am divcut ih! by my i-oniniittw to inform you thai the Hill prepaid liy jou. and now iiefore Par liament, for an Act relating lo 'boiler ex plosions.' flias own under the careful con sideration of a sub-committee appointed to consider il. diid tiiat their report, wliich has been adopted by my committee, is as follow:-.:—The Act docs noi appear to us to be of any practical value for the cure of the evil wiiich exists, and teems very much like 'lockinc Gw siahle <l?nr a/tor the -?teed is stolen/ Our opinion is that, ii any u.=cfu| purpose is to be served % legisla tion in r!io mailer of boilers, it should be in llio dirci- iion of ondeavorinp: to prevent ac cidents by the appointment of some eom }>ctvnt jipivou to examine existing boilers, with imner to condemn sueli as are unsafe, to regulate the pressure at which others oaa 1)0 worked, and to see that all arc fitted with proper safety valves, 4c' The United Hoi!e; makers' Society had dis patched a qualified man to at ?eist three of the explosions that had occurred of late at their own c.\'l>ense, in order to ascertain the iNiu>e of them, and the public feeling u|>on the question had ?> developed, that the Bill should be treated as a matter of urgency, and pissed with all i*isonable haste. Believing that the opinions of members previou?lv expressed concerning the appointment cf inspectors were sincere he had the original Bill discharged from the jKtt.iee-paper, and 'bad mbstituled the present measure. He would refer only to the new matter in the iJ.il. Ihe Kail way l)epar:ment thad anticipatc-d this legis lation, having already appointed one of its own officers inspector of boilers, and he had the oversight of bcilers not, otrly in the railway, but in otter Government departments:. The Ui!l provided for the registration of boilers at the Treasury-, and for reference wake eat-U boiler ivouid be numbered in the registration book. If an owner refrained fi-osn rcg.Viering his boiler he was liable to a penalty uot exceeding £20. Part 2 provided for the inspection of boilers by competent persons. Ths question cf the qualification of tuc inspec tors had occasioned controversy, and un fortunately two branches of the mechanical engineering trade differed on it, each want ing someone from its respective ranks to be chosen inspector. Clause 18 stated that -—"'I. The Treasurer may appoint such nu?i ber of 'boilut in*peclo;.s as lie may think necessary for carrying out tlie provisions ol this Ace, and may remove any boiler in qiector so appointed. 2. Tlie Treasurer shall not appoint any person to be a boiltT inspector unless—(ai He is a tcehuically trained and duly qualified Boilermaker, and has served a legal apprenticeship and work ed at his trade as a journeyman for the term of five years at least; and (b) tic lias passed an examinat.on as to proiL-ienty.'' Clause 19 dealt with the inspector's powers, which wore moderate. Many objected to the former proposals on tlie grounds that they saddled owners wiili liie aiA, of insjieotwu. \\\ hen the b'catc appointed im-pecc-ors to look after any portion of the private en terprise of the proWnce it stood the ex pense, and therefore in this .Bill he bad provided that the .State should bear the cost of boiler inspection. Clause 21 read — "1. Any 'boilers on board any Jiritisu ship registered in the province chali be liable to examination and inspection under this Act, in the same manner and subject to the same provisions as if they were registered boilers, except that boilers on board any ship in respect of which a passenger bLeamer's certificate, under l'art ill. ot the 'Marine Board and Navigation Act, 1881,' is in force, shall be exempt. 2. For the purposes of this Act the master of a ship (within the meaning of the 'Marine Board and Navigation Act, 1881') shall be deemed to be the user of any (boiler on board a ship to which this Act applies. 3. Any reference to any pre mises or place on which a boiler is situ ated shaH, as respects a boiler on board a ship, be construed as a reference to the ship." In view of the explosions which bad occurred at Yatala, KormanviUe, Eudunda, and another place, tlie name of which be could not remember, he asked the House to pass the Bill without delay. The TREASURER said, as previously an nounced, the Government would support this Bill, which <was substituted for one with which they were not altogether in accord. One or two alterations, however, were necessary, and he would make them in committee. It was necessary that the Bill should apply not only to steam boilers, but to chambers containing gas or air under high pressure. For years it had been said that a Steam Boilers Bill was not neces sary', because of the safe and sound cha racter of the boilers in use in various parts of the country, but of late several accidents had happened, and it ivas logical to assume that accidents would multiply unless pre cautions were taken to minimise the risk of explosions in the case of boilers which had been in use for a considerable time- He hoped the Bill would pass this session, so that £outh Australia would, in thiii re spect, be 'brought into line with legisla tion in other parts of the world. Air. HAKDY&WE; said the Bill stipu lated that every boiler must be inspected, but if an owner, who imported a boiler from Victoria to Mount Gambier, cousd produce a certificate of inspection in that colony there should be no need for a fresh inspection by a South Australian in spector. He suggested that Mr. Carpen ter should insert a clause to that .effect. He hoped the Treasurer would draw up a clause to meet such cases. He would sup port the second reading. Mr. DARLING said the Bill Mr. Carpen ter introduced last session began at the wrong end by providing that the inspec tions were to be made after an accident had taken place. Wherever there was a danger it was desirable to reduce it as far as possible, and this could best be done by takine precautionary measures. The pre sent Bill was at variance with the practice all over the world, in that it provided that the inspectors were to be boilermakers. The latter were not certificated men as were engineers, and were not qualified for the work of inspection. Engineers were everywhere recognised as being the best men for this work, and an engineer who could not deal with steam was no engineer He would be pleased to see any reasonable legislation passed to protect life and see that boilers were kept in a proper condi tion, and some alterations to put the Bill into a better form could be made in com mittee. One point that should be dealt was with regard to vessels. The Bill pro vided that ships with passenger certificates were to be exempted from its provisions, but there were many vessels without such certificate* which 'had to be examined liv the Marine Board engineer every ?i months, and surely they need not be brought under the Bill. Tlie measure in a reasonable form would have his mpport, and he would vote for the second read ing. Mr. GILBERT said his opinions with re gard (o the need for registration had chanced, because experience had shown him that Doilers ought to he inspected. Many of them were not fit to be used, and were liable to an accident at any time. The Bill, however, was too drastic, and iJiere are clauses which would not protect anyone but would hamper owners. For instance' it was provided tJia< the name of the maker must be on the boilers. There were many old boilers in the colony whose makers it would be impossible to flnd out. An annual inspection, too, was quite sufficient if it was made by a comnctent person. Then he did not think a'Tjoilermaker was the proper person to have as inspector an en gineer would be much better. The penal ties, too, were too severe. High penalties would not conduce to protection of the public, but they might in some cases be very hard on the owners. He would sup port, the second reading, and in committee attempt to remove some of toe objection able features of the Bill. The Hon. T. PLAYPORD said there would not be much trouble about passing the Bill now that the whole cost wax to be thrown on tiie taxpayer. When it was pro posed to make those woo received the bene nt of tlie inspections pay for them the Bill was opposed. Now it went as merry as a niarriace bell. The Bill would build up an other Government department, with a lot of officials, and the question was whether the advantage to be pained was worth the expense. An inventor might ??ertify that a boiler was sate up ti> a certain pressure, but there was not, and could not be, any thing to prevent those working it from loading the safety valves and nutting a heavier strain on it than it could bear. One of ihe worst accidents in this line we liad had was when a steam pipe burst and killed several men, and scalded others severely: so it seemed that pipes should be inspected ilso. He diJ not think a boilermaker was the proper man to bo inspector. That offi "ial ?boukl have a knowledge ol steam pipeg and the theory ot strains and pres sures, and should be able also to inspect the machinery driven by the boilers. Only a u.tined engineer t-oulri do ihis work. lie asked the Goveminviii to wos-k the new ilcuarluiunl a< cheaply as possible, l>ce.r.i-<; I lie knew how prone officials wore lo mag nify iheir positions. an<l tin- ;!nn^, uiil.-s-. ' Uepl well undft" <-(?utiv>l. ivonlil glow nn'.j. jil iivvuim: ? buulen to the people. "j'.ix ' payers in a vcar or uvo would be con siderably Hied ;it liic increasing en-tot Government, and then the pendulum would chopper would be iiacd to cut deeper liiaii there was ally need lor. Mi. GLYXX said he iiuended io sup port the Bill, although lie di<l not think much jMod would i.vine o;' ii. Under viw Oiniin.il Law Consolidation Act of 1876 liie Government, could jay an infonnaliuu a/iainsL any man who 'had a dangerous boiler, but it corft too much to senj iv- S|>ect-ors around collecting evidence, and su it was practically a dead letter. Under the second pan of the Mill liie same priuciplc of inspevtion ivju* provided for, but iz -went ;i little further, toecaure it gave greater power of inspection and for colJeutiug evi dence. He was afraid, however, ifiis would not be of much use unless a very expensive .-a-aff of inspectors was ?employed. He bad been informed by espertrf nhat the only proiwr safeguard— nipart from met'haniual appliances in the -boHer, tfoemselvcs ?<? in dicate when the -danger iroint had been readied—mas for an ins|x?ctor to lock the safety valve at the pressure i>oint which the boiler could safely stand, so that it could noc be worked al a higher pressure He. was sorry that This test nad not been put in tlie J>iU. The measure authorised the lioldrajF oi an inquest on an explosion even -Mr. ivifUU said there was nolhiug to prevent a boiler being worked at a higher pressure tlian that fixed % the inspector. IHe inspector could place a certain weight on the safety valve, and anyone who al tered it -would lie liable to punis-nment. With reference to a boilermaker or an en gineer being appointed inspector, he recog nised that lor a man to l>c a thorough en gineer he should be able to make a boiler. A boilermaher would knoiv at once where to look for a weak place in a boiler, and an engineer would not. He preferred to see ? T M'Jcrmaker appointed inspector. (The Hot T PUyford-"Wl,at does tl.e Marine Hoard do.'') What did the Marine Board know about it? They were not mechanics. A DOilermafcer would be much better than an engineer. Mr. OOPLEY would not have spoken had it not Ibeen for die remarks ot Mr. Wood. He had received a letter from a gentleman who understood this question and he put the case so clearly that he would read it to the Honse. The letter stated:— "Speaking on behalf of over 100 mechanical engineers, ail holding first or second class Board of Trade certificates of competency, I may say that while we ap prove ?. .legislation in the direction pro posed, it is monstrously unfair to stipulate that the inspector must be a boilenn.iker It would be a condition such as does not exist in any other part of the world, and undoubtedly a retrograde one. Engineers design the boiler, supervise construction, test and pass it when made, and run it to Uie end of life* a boilermaker attending to repairs under direction of the engineer in charge. We ask no favor, only an open held —that is, that the inspector shall be long to some branch of practical engineer ing (which includes boilermaking), and shall pass an examination of not less se verity in the principles underlying the con struction, strains, and management of steam 'boilers than that required by the Board of Trade for their surveyors." He 3iad a suspicion why an effort was be ing jnadc to have a boilermaker appointed. The boilermakers -were members "of the Trades and Labor Council. (Jlr. Carpen ter—"Are not the engineers?") No. They were the aristocracy of labor. (Mr. Car penter—^"Miey belong to the Trades and Labor Council." Jlr. Darling—"They don't.") Did the men w3io built the dam at Bundaleer know the strain that would be-putonit? So, it was the engineer who did, and the same thing applied to boilers. He would support the Bill, but would be surprised if Mr. Carpenter did not agree to amend the Bill co as not to exclude the men vrtio were most capable of sbeing 'boiler inspectors. Ihe second' reading was carried. In committee. ClauEe.l. Passed. Clause 2. Interpretation. Tie TRHAtSURER said he wished to pro vide that the Bill should not only apply to vessels for generating steam, but to vessels containing steam, air, or gas. He moved to insert "and containing" after "generating," and "'air or gas" after "steam. Amendment carried, and; clause as amended passed. Clauses 3 to 7 passed. Clause 8. Name of maker and number to be 'marked on boile- Mr. DARiMNG said' there were some old boilers without die makers' names, and it would be difficult to obtain them. He moved to add the following proviso to tine cfcuise:—"Provided that this section 6haH only apply to boilers manufactured after the passing of this Act." Mr. OAKPENTER wanted even- boiler to have a registered number, whether the maker's name was on it or not, and he sug gested that Mr. Darling's proviso should be altered to meet tbat. The TREASURER suggested that Mr. Darling should alter sis amendment by moving to insert "if made after the coming into operation of this Act also," the "'after and/ That -would get over rile difficuily Mr. Carpenter pointed out. Mr. DARL-KG accepted the Treasurer's suggestion. Amendment carried. Clause as amend ed passed. Clause 9. Notice of sale. Mr. DAKLIKG thought this clause was altogether unnecessary. AM that the Committee wanted to do was to insist upon the registration of toilers, to provide for their inspection, and to prevent unregis tered boilers from being used. It was not liecessarj- to provide that notice should be given of the fact that a boiler had changed llr? CARPENTER said that the clauss was a copy of the provision, operating in another colony. Jvo harm could result from the retention of the section. Mr. GILBERT thought the clause -would work aifoitrarily. The TREASURER saia that the inten tion of the clause evidently was to provide some check on the register. He did not think that it would inflict any hardship. Mr. WOOD thought the clause should be retained. .Secondhand boiler? were often sold, and by receiving notification of such sales the inspector -would 4>e able to inspect the boilers in question, and deter mine whether or not they were fit for use. Mr. DARLLNG said that clause 5 provid ed that whoever became the owner of a boiler had to give notice of the fact. This section was therefore unnecessary, and he moved to strike it out. Mr. HANDVSIDIi thought it ivouM be to the advantage of. the purchaser of. any boiler to have the clause retained. Such a provision would enable the inspector to know exactly where any boiler lia-i gone, and to decide whether it was necessary to inspect it or not. Mr. DARLLNU'iS amendment was nega tived, and the clause passed. Clause 10. Certain boilers shall be deemed unregistered. The TKEASSUREK moved to inrert at the beginning of the section the words "?Subject to clause B." Amendment carried; clause as amended passed. Clause 11. Penalty. Mr. HOMBURG moved after "diall" in line 2 to insert "Unless some other penalty should be provided." Without Uie inser tion of these ivords two contradictory penalties would be provided for. Amendment carried. Mr. I>AKLIN?j moved to strike out "live" in the last line of i-lis clause. Mr. CAKPEXTKR said, that to seriously reduce the iienalty would be to impair tin; efficacy of the Bill. He hoped the commit tee would retain the clause in its present form. Amendment negatived; clause as amen ded passed. Oause 12. Unregistered 'boilers not to be used- Mr. GLYNN moved to insert "not ex ceeding" before "five" in line 43. Amendment carried. Mr. DARLING wanted \o know tJie technical meaning of tine words "or used." Many oM boilers wre not used for genera ting steam, but were utilised as auxiliaries to ocher boilers. Would the section forbid the use of old 'boilers for ttolding water? The TREASURER tlioujrfit thai che defi nition of "boiler" in the interpretation clause sufficiently answered Mr. Darling's rii.|iiuy. In ihc instance cited the Acx would no! apply. i l.iu.-e us jiiiL- iided paatcd. <Iju-<\- 13 in 10 inclusive pitssed. LUUm: IV. ll^auiiiution and inspection o{ lwik.l*. jlr. DAIiLING moved to strike out 'Vn.:U' in line I and iiiseil "may" in lieu tiifi-uM. Thai would give tile Treasurer a ilinm-liuuaiy iwivcr ill rogaid to the ui £|n.'i'litjii oi" boilers. Mr. CARPKXTEK thought it would be bt'llcr to v? t'iie disorcuonuii" ]>O'.v4--r in divalctl iv the inspcL-ior. The TRKASUKKU said that if the coni niitlee au.'epied .Mr. Darling's jmen-Jnient fin-re would l>e a danger ?>t I'nc whole Act becoming a dyad Jitter. He iiiov.ml to add to r!ie end of tiie lir.-L subsection "Not le=s iroiucni til.in once in ev<ry two years." Me. DAKIJXO lie was prepared to nocept Uie Trea.-urer's amendment, and ob taini-d leave w withdraw iiis own. Amendment withdrawn. Mr. McIXtNALD asked how many in ppeioors would be required to inspect all the boilers in the colony nol less than once in every two years? "The inspectors would have to go up to the pastoral country. It would urean a new department with "a hast of inspectors. Mr. PRICE said -we were not suffering from over-inspection. There liad been loss of valuable life recently through boiler ex- TIic"tEEAISLRI:R said while for the firvt few months three or four inspectors might be employed temporarily, they would be Government officers, who would i/?sj>ec£ the boilers nearest to the place where they live. The probability was Uiat one perma nent toiler inspector would be able, after the first s-ix months, to do all tttie work himself. Mr. GILES pitied ilio coming Treasurer for all the expenses -winch were now being piled on the taxpayers. The police, who would probably have to do the in*pcvii"ns. were not boilermakers, and would not un derstand tflie work. He cousulered.me ix" cent e.vplosions were due to tne safely valve being tied down, and not to want ot*in;-i>ec tion. In the latest case tiie boiler was so strong that when it exploded it went through, a stone -wall into another building. A few years ago boilers were u=ed for pumping water for cheep and cattle, and if that was repeated, inspectors would have to trawl all over the colony. Wlien a boiler was over 20 years old it should be examined once ever}" three months. ?Mr. PABOH supported the amendment. In the explosion at Eudunda the expert evidence showed tbat the boiler was de fec-rive. In England only one in every 10,000 inspected boilers exploded, while among uninspected boilers the average was one explosion in 900. Mr. GILBERT .-aid it was not a question of inspecting boilers more frequently wtien they are older, for the danger depended less on age than on tflie -treatment and fix ing of the boiler. He asked whether tome exception could not be made as regards boiler* in outlying districts? 'Mr. OAIH'E.VT.JSR said the present in spector of boilers on the Government rail wayes was; responsible tor some hundreds of locomotive Twilers, and also for boilers at waterworks and in the Public Works De partment, and yet lie had time to do sonic office work, although he had frequently to visit outlying places. He did not anticipate that- any permanent ins)>eeior would be needed. In far-outlying districts wen as the MacDonnell Ranges they might proba bly n'nd some local person capable of un dertaking the work. 'Mr. DAKJ-iEXG raid there would be not tess than 5,000 boilers in Soutib Australia proper that would require inflection at least once in every two years, and lo be oi any value tic inspection must be made by a, certificated engineer. To properly ad minister the Act would require au army of expert inspectors. Twenty experts would not 4>e able to do all the work required of them under this Bill, and the expense would be enormous. Mr. HOMBURG asked the Minister of Education, as an engineering expert, to say how many inspectors would be required. The MINUTER of EDUCATION did noc claim to fee an expert on boiler-mak ing, though he had had charge of boilers in the Railway Department. There was no need to appoint a host of inspectors to roam about the country examining boilere, and while at first three inspectors might be required, eventually not more than two permanent officers would be needed, for qualified men would be appointed to do local insi>ection. In connection with fruit inspection there was only one inspec tor, who had numerous assistants in various parts of the colony. Mx. BURGOYNE said the Minister of Education had tried to make out that this would be a less expensive ?ff?ir than would really tie the case. If there were 5,000 boilers in the colony, from six to eight permanent inspectors would have to be ap pointed, and this would run into consider able expense. Mr. GILBERT said -when lie had his boiler inspected recently it took a day and a half to do die work. The boiler had to be cooled down first of all, then the brickwork had to be removed, and finally steam had to be got up for the satisfac tion of the examiner. Therefore, boiler in spections, particularly in the case of those fixed in -brickwork, would take longer than the Government anticipated. Mr. HOMBURG asked what the approxi mate cost of the inspections would be? The TREASURER said there would be one permanent inspector, and the services of the competent officers of the Govern ment would be utilised in various parts of the colony in inspecting boilers. It would be absurd to make one inspector travel from the Far North to Mount Gambier ex amining boilers. If there were 5,000 in die colony, and his amendment were car ried, it would mean that 2,500 boilers would be inspected per year, and as there were 300 working days in the year, about eight boilers per day -would be examined on the average. If all the boilers were of the same type as Mr. Gilbert's, then inspections would take much longer, but numbers of them were of a smaller description, and ten or a dozen were close together in a locality. On Mr. Darling's figures, he estimated! that the cost of in spection would "be £350 a year Including expense? tiliat would be £400, and another £200 would cover the charge for the other inspectors. If that amount pre vented even one explosion it would be well spent. (Mr. Homburg—"Will you limit'it to £1,000 in the Bill?") Not "in the BUI. Parliament had full control over the amount to be spent in the Estimates, and tbat was sufficient. Mr. CAU>WET.(L said he sure that tiie expenditure would be at least £1.000 a year if the inspection was thorough. No inspec tion, however, would complete! v forewarn anyone against an explosion. (The Minis ter of Education —"We have never had an explosion on die railways, where tiie boilers are insjiected.") Railway boilers could be got at much easier than fixed boilers. To talk about an inspection once in two years was a farce, as unless an inspection took place at least once a quarter it was no use having them at all. The TREASURER said that on the rail ways it often happened that a complete in spection did not take place oftener than two years. Tlhe House was quite right in carefully considering the expense, and he would propose a way out. He saw no rea son why the taxpayers should pay for the inspections, so he would move in. subsec tion 3 that a fee of half a guinea be charged for each certificate of inspection. That would cover rhe cost. !Xlr. IJA'RMNG knew of case? where it would cost £20 to inspect a boiler on ac count of the fact that they were so far away. One was at Worturpa, and the tra velling expenses to tiat place would be very heavy. >'early every station, even riglit out in tlhe north, had a boiler for pumping out the wells. The fee proposed by t&e; Treasurer would not nearly meet the ex penditure. fShipowners had to pay three guineas for an inspection of marine boilers, and if the price on land -was to be only 10/6 he would a.-k for a reduction in t!:e charge for ships' boilers. The expenditure for'diis new department should be limited to £1,000 a year. Mr. CXJPILEY said the committee was finding out that this Bill lib going to cause a heavy expense, -.viiich would have to be home by tiie tnxpa>er, and tie Trea sun-r, in his anxiety ;.? get the Bill through anyhow, propo.-cd that tihe owners Should pay for the insr.jections. This would be very hard indeed on the people in the iritis who had small boilers. He had no doubt, that the estimate of Mr. Darting as to tflie number of 'boilers in South Australia was pretty nearly correct, and this roust mean a tremendous cost to someone. They should not pass lius ]till until they got some fur ther information on tie point as to what the cost -was going to be. Mr. CAKPBNTEB said he did not admit rliat tlie cost would be so preat as had been mentioned. He would move thai in sub jection 2 the word "may" be in:*rt?d in lino 1 lor ">aall." The TKEA-iSL'-KEll withdrew his amend nrc-nt. Mi. IWLKY ,-aid ii .-crmed liial Mr. <:iijicntcv iva-? incjiaicd t?> acitj'l any <ll]Rli<Jnu ill wlialcver ?? luiijr a> he could pet a billet for ,i boilci- maUc:'. 15ie ainend mcni nude the Hill ;'.!>-ni(t Sir. SOLOMON' if rhe in ? -pe^-tion w.->.? to be left optioual ii would Uc a com plete farce. It linsrhl lie as well in put the JJill in the ?a<te paper Iw-kd. Mr. Car penter was giving away a -sreai ?loal of the jio>ition in accepiin^ the auicudmcul. Amendment lairieJ. The 1 KEASLKKK moved to amend >ui> <e'.Tion 2 .-<> lltat it would read .v. follows:— "A complete examination of the ioiler iviieu not under steam, and also >vliile it is in use shall be made whenever dircu'.cd by the Treasurer, wiili the view ot ascertain ing that ii is in good con<i;tio:i and work ing Oilier." Mr. SOf.OMOX haid it would make the Kill an ab.<olute farce -to avccjii tlii-. it left it to the Treasurer to say there sliould be any in.~i)ec:ion at all. All the responsibility was put ou the Xreasu rei-. -iinondincnt earned. The TUKAtfI'KKU moved io add to sub <e<tlion 3:—"A fee of 10/6 shall be paid lor every such inspection." Amendment carried, and clause as amen ded pavse-d. Clause IS. Appointment of boiler inspec tor.-. Mr. ])AK!JN(i moved to add after "un less/ in .-.ubseclion '2, "he io a certilieatcx' engineer.'' The lIiIiAvSIJVER would to ths amendment i) Mr. Darling would put "or" at the end of it. If not lie would seek tc put the woi-d in afterwardr. Mr. CARPKXTBK wanted the toiler in spec-tor to be a practical man, and lie would apree to the amendment on condition that it was niadc ccnilicated engineer or boiler ma kcr. At 6.30 p.m. ?he sitting ot the House ra. suspended until 7.30 p.m. EXECUTOR COMPAXVS 1511.L. The Legislative Council intimated by message that they had agreed to the House of Assembly's amendments in this Bill. SUPPLY-THE ESTIMATES. Adjourned debate on the question—Thai the resolutions of the Committee of Supp!} be agreed to. To which amendments hail been moved to leave oul "agreed to" in or der to add "recommitted in respect of tin. votes "Destitute Persons' and "Produce Ex port l)epot,' and sub-vote ?Returniug-o?i cers.' " Mr. COPLEY said he would only refei to one or two of the matters that had beeij raised. Mr. Salomon had made an exfcaus live and very good speech in criticising thy Treasurer's financing. He would no. deal with some of the iteni. which Mr. Solomon thought should bi .-uarged to revenue, because they were com paratively—and he used the word advisedli —unimportant. The point -to which hi intended to address himself was in connec lion with the Governor's minute, whici. was held back from the Commissioner ot Audit after he requested it. lie discoverer tJiat £235,000 had been raised tor redemp tion purpot^es on the autiioiity of the Go vernor and Executive Council, and he wanted an explanation. That was all set out in the Commissioner or Audit's report. The docket appeare-J to have been sent, mil the minute from the Governor ?was veld back, and the Commissioner of Audit complained of that having been done. Tht lVeasurer brought the minute down, yester day and laid it on the table, and it wa now public property- The Treasurer in ?his defence gave what he (the Treasurer) considered a valid reason for keeping i. back. He said an important constitutiona. point -was involved. (The Hon. A. Catt— "Don't you think there is'i") No. (The treasurer —"It -strikes at the root c-E con stitutional government.") The Governor's minute naiu:—"'lhe Lieutenant-Governor's memorandum of Decam?>er 7, 188, appears .o establii.ii that to enable the Governor ti, 'determine' on the advice of Ministers a? to the amount of any issue of consolidated stock for the redemption of public sscun ties when due, or before Oeeoming due, it is necessary that he should be furnished ivith particulars of the securities intended to be redeemed. This construction, was acquiesced in by Ministers at the time, as tn their recommendations of December 8, 1898 (amended in consequence of tjie memo randum), tlie issue of £935,000 consolidated stock was expressed to be "towards re deeming public securities, £1,080,000, fall ing due July 1, JB9y.' -My attention was not directed to 'this question when, o March. 28, under circumstances of great urgency I authorised the issue of the loan of £1,500,000. 1 understood, however, thai of the half-million authorised for the re demption of public securities £245,000 was to redeem Treasury <b?is falling due ou July 1 last, which, on ttoe precedent just mentioned, should have been dpecdned in the recommendation made by the Minis ters or m the docket accompanying it. As to the remaining quarter of a million, ii was, 1 think, not only essential that the securities intended to -be redeemed should oe specified, but in lhe case of those ma curing at a more distant date, the infor mation laid 'before 'the Council should also have included some, statement of the ad vantage to the pubb'c finances of the earlier redemption of such securities." flihe Treasurer —"Surely you don't suggest ghat that sjhould be brought before the Executive Council.") tinder the Consoli daxed Stock Act of 1896 The responsibility of seeing thai the money was for the pur pose specified was transferred from the Parliament to tie Governor-sn-OounciL Then vbe minute concluded:—''You will recognise, I am sure, Vhat this memorandum is written in no critical spirit, and that it is simply expressive of my anxiety tsia* the responsibility in tiiis matter, which the Legislature has placed upon, the Governor as well as iaa advisers, shonjd atways be borne in mind." (Mr. Grainier— ?<Who wrote that?") The Governor. (Mr. Grainger—"No.") He signed it. (Mr. Grainger—Hfs that 3i?de Sammy Way—he did it.") Lord Tennyson's signature was at tached, and he was responsible, whe&er; the minute was written by hie private secre tary or anyone 'else. The nmufle farther said:—"The credit and financial stability of the colony preaiiy depend on tjh# man ner in which these borrowing powers are exercised; even Ministerial recommenda tion does not discharge Jfce Gowernor from Che obligation of 'determining' as to the issue of consolidated stock upon adequate materials only." The Garanor was care ful to di£tin'gua&. between Xhe issac of con solidated stock for tihe redemption of earlier loans and the issue of consolidated stock for puWic purposes. He did not claim any responsibility witSi regard to the latter. If <he did no doubt Parliament would resent it. The Treasurer made the alleged constitutional point an excuse for keeping the minute back, and he did not feel competent to decide tiiat point for him self or with 'his Ministry and political friends, but he was noinp to take it to Mel bourne to con-nit Sir George Turner. That was only an excuse used at the last to ex plain why he refused to burk an official like tiw Conmii^kHier of Audit. There 'was u<i *|.<ecial reason for keeping it back. Tin- Treasurer had ?-aid that he would make no tscii^. Wlicn Mi-. Solomon was sjwak:!!',: on Uie previous evening die Trea surer Mini interjected that ii-j excuse was neces-aiy iv connection -A-ith uiis over-is sjue of stock. Members therefore ex])ecte<t rhat the Trea^rer would defend his action: on firaijUttfurira.nl, business lines. Mr. Holder even went r o far as to ?ay that Mr. Solomon "a.-- mean because }ie hinted that .-?me information had "been i-hown to him. whirh lie was unalile to use. Hut did it not s-lrike the House thai ilie Aowing of that inioroiatioii. in vonlidcnvc- to members or t'lie Opposition l>y the 'licaaurer was -a. clever mamcuvre to spike the <?neniy*6 cure? WJien iv came 10 making a defence ibm , Treasurer thiww all the lilamc upon Go vernmcnl-olikvalr-, and e.-jtemlly upon one gentleman. The Treasurer s-aid there was no competent accountant in hi< office, and tiat it ivould 'l>c necessary to iiave another official in the Treasury to prevent similar mistake* in future. He believed that die Trca- arci' knew all along tSiat thehalf-jnil- j liou which lie was |>voi??ing to -raise for j the redemption of bonds was nearly double j the amount required. I Mr* Catt—"Why I should he do it'r") The Treasurer had sack peculiar methods of financing tli.it no one could understand Ijim. Mr. Holder had done n.mv than one thins he had been Treasurer that was,crocked, and.yet uMuiixn ? ? oii.u cm over no reason tor it un lcf-"tliat it was more natural lor the Trea mtrcr to go crooked than straight. (Mr. Wnod — "What do you call -"crooked ;?!.;....?? "> IJir-e n.-"-- a ?*?? racier iv one o£ Dickens'£ novels called Micawber, who ?us d-u-atx t <jm.cnu, ii ue <3uuul discharge a liability, to sipn a bill. Then if he had to renew the bill he was still happy. Tiio Treasurer resembled Micawber. He knew of certain other jieople who tiaa peculiar methods ot financing. They would ;>ay one account by getting into debt some trhere cl.-c, and when in turn Uiat debt became pressing they would settle it and Jl>en a new account elsewhere. That sort of thing ought to be impossible O n the pact of a Treasurer, otherwise the credit of tlie ?--olony was not worth very much. The Treasurer declared that he did not Know that there had been no proper balancing of account? for live years. That was an other instance of Mr. Holder's peculiar methods of finance. He -contended that there had been no attempt on Ote part ?E the Governor to set up a right of veto ol *ny loan that Parliament approved. There was no valid excuse for keeping back Mia Governor's memorandum from the Audit Commissioner when the latter requested to see it. He hoped they had reached the end of tlieje peculiar methods of fingm-g- He trustJa tiiat the accounts would in fu ture be presented in a more truthful way than they had been in the past. Member* had. seen yearly statements placed before the House, they had been tola the position, of the colony in regard to revenue and ex penditure, and also its position in regard to Joan liabilities, and now they learned for the first time that for five consecutive years there had been no balancing of the loan accounts, and that consequently fhe statements which they had regarded as com plete were not complete at alt Anyone could see that -there was going to be a tce mendous cleaning up of ate Augean stable when the next Treasurer took office. He only hoped that Mr. Holder's successor would be more favored by circumstance, etf that, he might be assisted to make up for the deficiencies of the gentleman who had bees managing the finances of the colony so long, and who had managed them very badly indeed. The Hon. A. CATT congratulated Mr, Solomon upon iis very able criticism of the financial position, and he thought the coun try was indebted to that member for the trouble he must have taken in the prepara tion of iris excellent speech. He congratu lated the -House, too, on the fact <&at; that criticism had enabled the Treasurer to pot before members the true position ot af fairs. Certainly after listening to t£e Trea surer his mind -was considerably relieved. At first his feelings were those of despon dency and dissatisfaction. To think that<? matter of £200,000 should be passed ov* by the Treasury Department in die way i>£ 3\. mistake seemed to him to be incredible. Such a'linistake ought never to have oc curred. He did hot lay the whole of, the blame on the Treasurer, or the Under-Trea surer, or the Audit Commissioner, bat it seemed to him that the whole three Were to an extent culpable, The Audit Commit sioner -was"to blame-for not having called attention to the fact tiat the accounts wens not properly balanced, the Under- Treasurer was b&mable; for having made a carries* mistake, ana the Treasurer -was +o blame for not having been in a position to detect, that ?*?fc? (before issuing die stock. Hit did not agree with <he attitude taken up by Mr. Copley in regard to the Gover nor's minute. P*? x&ther; accepted the posi tion taken up by the Treasurer. Tbe Hon. W. B. BOUNSEVEI& said he need not occupy tbe time of the Houke at any considerable; length, because of. tbe very dear and exhaustive speech made by Mr. Solomon in criticising the financial position of tbe colony and the Audit Com missioner's report. No more damaging statement in regard to the management jot the public fin""'*'? had ever been planed before any Australian Parliament than was contained in the Audit .Commissioner's re port. That document nrast convince any body who was amenable to conviction that the finances bad not received that careful consideration and supervision that ought to have been given to them. He did not pro pose to refer to the items dealt with by. Mr. Solomon, which conclusively demon strated that on last year's operations in stead of a credit balance, .of £5,000, there was in reality a. debit balance of close upon £40/100. He felt sure that tbe position could have been sa^actoo?y explained jfifce Treasurer bad to& the courage to boJdiy face it and say that tbe deficiency was largely doe to tbe expenditure on the South African war, but instead of that be tried to make a. bad po?Saon seem a good one. It bad been- tbe custom to call tine Commissioner of Audit tibe "waUhdioK.ti£ tbe House." and tfaey bad the same r?oit to look on the Treasurer.aa the <w3rtehdog with, regard to tbe financial work of tie various departments. In, fook ing. through tbe Audit Commissioner's re port they wonldffind tbat great auetessneai bad existed in tbe supervision of depart mental expenditure, and tirat there bad been trregnlaiities in obtaining excess war rants. He wanted to mate tbe position quite dear as regarded tbe Brookman dona tion, and -to ahorK-tfbai ifee money had been misappropriated, in. not being retained in a trust fund. The Treasurer tdmself recog nised tfhatiSus gift was not revenue, for lie first deak witb it propedy as trust money. Tbe Andat Oommisstcmer on page 14 said;— "Tbe aiteraticms subsequentily made in July or August so further. In effect they cancel tSie entries in. both accooote and wipe out 4be amonnt atam^ny as ttast money. I <sm flee no reason <xKHiecbodwiwi tbe transactions <tbemselves to justify this reversal of die records, for it appears to me that the £13,832 0/11 ought to stand is tbe baJance-ebeot to tbe credit of tbe donor's trust account, and continue to be credited with its proper iJhane of interest, in-accor dance wctih tbe original stiputetjon, until die wjmle of tbe bahnoe and interest is ex pended. Tie difficulty ?f tbe position, ap pears to me to bave been greatly increased by the absence of any Bariiamentaiy anrfio rity to determine iow *c remainder of tbe outlay ie to be met. Tie proposed vote of £10,000 may be taken to be in fulfilment of dJhe promise made when the foundatibn stone was laid; but. seeing *bat a much, larger amount -tfcaa cbie is abxady held in (he revenue, the vote decades nothing. I find ?ha!t die expenditure for tbe first quarter of Tie year now current, toggeher with ihe amount of the tender for building which fas been accepted^ £29,850, tbe wfeofe of dbis will not be spent in 19004, but under die arcumstaaces *be aulliurity of Piiriiament snonld be obtained in such . a wav as to leave no doubt as to tfee manner in wincb Ac balance is to fee met. And I respectfully sufltest tiislt tbe imlamoe of tbe trust fund. £13^32 0/11, with subsequent interest, snould be restored to its proper place in tbe public accounts for 1900-1." Until a. readjustment was made, and the money was placed in tbe proper account the balance-sheet would remain incorrect. He was grieved at tbe nature of the state ments made by the Treasurer last night m rerfy to Mr. Solomon, and they con tained a greater -condemnation of tbe financial management of tbe departments than tbe faon. member's speech. He was sure no ban. member would ever forget the confession to wh?<A they bad listened. (Me Gatt—"Tt was a very able defence.") Dia lecticaDy it was, no doubt, but what were tbe true facts? (Mr. Catt—"Someone has blundered.") Yes; for five years tiieTfeea, surer had been "?l""g statements as to loan accounts, which might be correct, .but most likely were misleading. While be agreed with the Treasurer that it was not his duty to examine the general details of finance, yet it was bis duty to know in. broad outline the position of the loan ac count and other accounts. Wbeo the Treasurer spoke last night H seemed to him that he cried "Mea cnJpa, I have not done my duty." In giving them tbe bis ?ory of the affair last night he believed tbe Treasurer was for once candid with the House, and he accepted his statement abso lutely. As to the error of £235,000 it seemed to him extraordinary that the Treat surer and the whole department should, after their attention bad b^m csUad ftgc the Commissioner of Audit to the fact that they had exceeded their powers under the Act, have gone on. It seamed as if the department must have been wilfully Mind to the statements of the Gbzmrasioner of Audit. The Governor thought he had been led into an error through the figures which had been submitted to him by the Treasurer. Ha ?would not argue the right or wrong o£ the position, which his Excel lency had taken up. If the Governor de- to accept tie recammeulaaona of bis Ministers then he bad no alternative fcut to dismiss them. He lookeft upon the Treasurer as on extxaordmory loan, but if any ordinary man had bis attention dra.wn ou two separate occasions te<ij&e; over-bor rowing he would haive made a. most careful scrutiny o£ his finAtwiaJ position ipmt*l^"* -tely. 'Mr. Salomon bad m?a?< one im portant point in his speech, but he would relate it to 'the House. If the House toie nted the latest action of the Treasurer its rights -with regard to the raising of money would be abrogated. Mr. Holder had created a fresh debt without ParHaineiitaiy authority, and there was abaolntely no legal authority for cne borrowing of £200,000. iFhia was a most pernicious system, and one which was fought against for centuries in Great Britain. This House was only ? Yefiex of the T^^jp <^^pwwirws in j£g Control of the purse strings, and they ?houtd be -???<ii^j careful lest they re laxed their hold upon than. The Trea surer had an easy and a clever way of anootiurjg things over, and he told the House that the amount overboxrowed could be adjusted with facility when the new loan Bill was introduced. He was not so cure about that. When that measure 'was brought down he would have something farther te aqr upon tiie position, taken by the Treasurer to get out of the difficulty. 33ie charge by Mr. Holder concerning the use made of a certain document by Mr. Solomon in bis speech on Tuesday night was most uncalled for. fie was glad the usual coarse of fsmping responsibi lity by putting tie blame on the office boy was not followed in this instance. The Treasurer even now did not recognise his duty to the House, every member of which had a right to be acquainted with every single bit trf information which the Trea surer hrmfielf possessed concerning the finnnrv? of the country. In connection with the over-borrowing it was clear that the i was misinformed, and that he btd misled the Governor. The offence of ferhich the Under-Treasurer was guilty was snoot unpardonable, and it was not the first grave error that Mr. Gill had made, nor " -was it the first time that he led- the Trea surer into a quagmire, as ?. result -of <£tia.er ' 'carelessness or incompetency. Some altera 'tioxi must be made in the supervision of tibe public fnunmi, and they must either have some more competent men in the {Treasury or else they most go to other countries for experience in financial con trol. The balance-sheets which the Trea' sorer had submitted to the House for inanv years were, judging by his remarks on Tuesday -night, all moonshine; at least the Probabilities were that for five years they >ere inaccurate. It behoved the How tt its earEest opportunity to make A JD£S& critical examination of the finayl^** position of the colony, and he felt it was * duty he owed his constrtntents and the Whole of the taxpayers to condemn the way in which the finances had been adminis tered. The Hon. T. PIiAYTORD said Lord Ban -tdolph ? Churchill once told the House of Commons that it was the duty of the Oppo sition to oppose rightly or wrongly. Op positions, as a rule, followed that dictum, arid tbough at tunes they did it with a fair amount of honesty t&ey; had a habit of exaggerating considerably occasionally. When Mr. Solomon spoke on Tuesday night he thumped tie books in front of him with euch vigor, and his voice in condemning the treasurer was so loud and shrill that he felt he was exaggerating the charges. He \- did not know why Mr. Solomon should nave resurrected the Broofanan donation. (Mr. Bolomon—"Nasty old gboat, is it not?") ZFhe old ghost ought to be buried. Thai 'question had been fought out fairly and properly, and the House, after hearing ?plaintiit and *j^cn<f^p^, had given its ver iiict, which wag a fair and honest one un der the circumstance*. The mistake made fey Mr. Holder was not of such a charac ter as to warrant the y^ph^pnt which Mr. Solomon would life- to inflict Kpen inn. With regard to "the charge of over - borrowing £235,000, iMr. bdomon bad put his case forcibly. Anyimprejudieednran who was not a direct Oppositionist would say that die Treasu rer's reply was absolutely complete, straightforward, and truthful Mr. Solo l mon nad tried to create the impression that I the mistake was wilfully made. He did I not use tiie exact words, bat he implied P^atAe object of the Treasurer -was to get ease his .finances. The Treasu- Ber nad plainly shown that it was nothing jand, and that lie was not to blame. every Treasurer (before him'had done — bound* to do, in {act—when he asked officers for a statement he had to take for granted as a matter of course that statement was correct. It would be a very hard position to *c Treasurer if he . bad to go through all those figures; no .one could do it. Personally henad never been in die same position, but if be had he ?would have taken (he matter for granted \- exactly as tie Treasurer did. Although {£230,000 looked a very large sum, be could quite imagine that wnile the Treasurer tnight think it looked a good deal and be enspiaous dbont it, he would i?tul accept it toa correct, because there was a good deal of uncertainty as to wiat the amount really was, seeing that the accounts had not been balanced for so long. It would be easy for him to say that such a thing as this had never happened to him, and to boast of it, and no doubt that would please the Oppo sition, but he was not going to do it. To judge a man justly one most put hfmeelf in die plac* of the man he indeed, and ? iiAen he (Mr. Playford) did tnatbs must confess that the same thing might well Save happened to frimwVf had hetoeen cir cumstanced as the Treasurer was. So he did not blame the Treasurer. Nor did he blame Mr. G3L He knew Mr. Gill well, and a good accountant he was. There was * great deal of excuse for the Under Trea- mirer. He made up the accounts as far as Vie loans, discounts, and charges were concerned with absolute accu racy, and then his memory failed -~ him, and he forgot some amounts that were to be provided for re deeming portions oi the loans, and did not deduct for them. Thia was explained by the Treasurer in his speech. He was hard ftrorked, and it was not surprising that he forgot them. He evidently forgot them most completely, for the minute of the Audit Cormnisffloner did not recall them to him, cor did tiie Governor's memorandum. fThe Treasurer—"lt is only fair to say he did not ace tint memorandum.") Mr. .fiounseveU had said that tail fat*, eotud not be condoned, out it was one -wmch the boo. member would iiave been almost cer tain to nave fallen into ttinuaoU Jje was *tot a. particularly bright and shining light f bimaelf as Treasurer. The Treasurer had admitted the mistake in a manly way, and Englishmen as a rule were prepared to for give a'man who did that. Then came tbe qnestion aa to who waa going to suffer by it. Nobody was going to be injured, so no great harm was done. If there had been ? loas <txten the perpetratocs of the crime should suffer. (Mr. Solomon—'ls it right or ?srro?gV) Did Mr. 6olomon never do anything wrong? Was he so Jmm?^ni?t/? that he could afford to cay there should be no forgiveness in this world or the next for a mistake? Nobody was going to be damnified, the Treasurer- had made a dean breast of it, die House would forgive him, and no one would be a penny the worse. They could- let the matter drop. A matter that required some thought . was the Governor's memorandum. As to that, he differed from the Treasurer in his rierr of the matter, at least, as far as he bad been able to consider it in tSie absence of tiie memotandnm from the Laeutenant-Ho vernor, which Lord Tennyson had referred to. ?He would like to ccc that minute. (Hie Treasurer—"l will bring it down to morrow.") As he did not wish to do the Governor an inju-stice he would not in*k<? up his mind completely till be caw it. Th? Treasurer* rie?- ?vm tbat the Governor had taken the position that lie was not bound in all cases to take iihe advice ot rhe Jise cutive Council. He (Mr. PJayiord) read his position as set out in the memorandum aa being that if lie was asked in Executive Council to put his name to a document he should have all tiie facts truthfully before aim. That was a. very different yositkm, and a very correct one, and if Lord Tenny aon -was only contending for that there was no need, for hostile criticism. If he took the position the Treasurer thought he had. he was utterly wrong. (The a"reasurer —"He wants to share the responsibility with the Executive.") He could not. His position was exactly that of the Queen, who could do no wrong in political matters, because she acted through her Ministers, who took all the responsibility. Some years ago the House passed a layr called the Con solidated Stock and Sinking Fund Act, and it appeared <ibat Parliament, did not. know wnat it >was doing. In 1887 ihere was a deficit of about £1,100,01)0. He was Treasurer at the time. (Mr. tSolo xnian—"Thai account** for it.*') He had never made a peony deficit in bis life. Ue came out with, a credit balance every time. Wieh respect to the previous deficit ot £1,100,090, he said riiey would not adver tise it year after year, but would place tihe money in a. separate account, issue Treasury bills to meet it, and. pay rhem oat of revercae ad *i£iey came in. During the 'two years be was in office lie paid oil a quarter of a mCUion, and -other Treasurers paid off certain amounts, tout other Treasurers again added to *be deficit, so that it re mained at £1,100,000, less the quarter of a million he paid off. It was never intended chat that amount Should 'become part of the consolidated stock and bonds of the colony, but by this Act of 1896 it was drawn into the general d^bt, and there -was noth ing to fc'hoK" for k. The Act of 1896 lega lised the "whole transaction, and that was a great mistake. The amount should have been kept separate, as a reminder tliat they had to pay it off. Now it tad gone into the loon account, as if borrowed and spent on reproductive works. The seyemSh clause of the Act of 1896 said "Consolidated stock may be created and issued or issued ami sold for the redemption of any public se curities." That ?covered ?tie whole affair, and he said it was a mistake. He had only bad an opportunity of glancing at the Audit Commissioner's report, and 'he did not know whether tie bad mentioned tins. (The Treasurer—"He has.") Well, he had done right. He was confident that the Treasurer had given the House the truth, tile whole truth, and nothing but the truth, and he was satisfied that lie ?was not to blame. (Mr. Solomon—"The truth, tie whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help me Gill.") He did not know why Mr. Solomon should become profane, and parody an oath. He was taking -the name of God in vain, and he knew what the pun ishment was. ~ Mr. G-LYNN said it was all very well for Mr. l?layford to attempt to take credit to himself. He came into office in 1887, when the deficits accruing since 1882 had reacted £1,100,000. Instead of doing what a statesman would have done, ana paying oC those deficits by imposing taxation or float ing Treasury -bills at a term of five or six years, and making provision for their re demption within that period, he floated Treasury bills in 1888 under the Crown Lands Bill, and made provision for their redemption out of the proceeds of sales of Crown lands. The proceeds of the sales of Crown lands were thus specially ear marked. About 1883 and 18S4 flhe land re venue was pretty buoyant. Up to 1887 there was an average of £314,000 from Crown land sales, and about £100,000 for some years after the Act referred to was passed. There were also seve ral exceptional sources of revenue for whicn Mr. Playford toot the credit, There was £75,000 token from the Public Trustees Office. (The Hon. T. Playford— "That was m 1886, before I wad in office.") He would withdraw that, and double tie amount, and say that £175,000 was taken over from the Northern Territory to adjust tiie accounts. The amount was doe to tile revenue of previous, years, but Mr. Play ford stuck the whole amount into one year. Mr. Playford was trusting to the looseness of people's memories, and to set himself up as a- model financier, but he had been helped by adventitious sources of revenue. (The Hon. T. "I had £200,000 balance on my Estimates.") He remem bered the battles at the time ?of getting in the whole pi the rents for the 1888 leases on the last day of the year, so that Mr. Playford's finance for that year would be all nght. . and. the. nest Treasurer's -all wrong. Between 188S and 1893 there were something like £483,000 from lands 6oJd, which' was properly allotted to the redemp tion of ?securities. Since then the proceeds o£ the sales of land had been exceedingly small, and last year they came to about £25,000, so that there was not much chance of redeeming £250,000 worth of Treasury bins tram such receipts. In 1896 the House deliberately passed the Consolidated Stock Act. He knew -the amount referred to by Mr. Playford was not included by an oversight, for he received, the instruc tions to draft die BilL There was'in that Act a complete scheme for the redemp tion of the public . debt, and joined with it the proposal to make our stock of one uniform character for the future called consolidated stock. Parlia ment under that scheme gave 'the Treasurer power to issue consolidated stock not only for general bonds and inscribed stock under the Act of 1882, but also tor Treasury bills. That was not only the policy of the Act of 1896, bat it was the policy under subsequent Acts, became under subsequent Acts Par liament made provision for the redemption of Treasury bills by the issue of consoli dated stock in lien. Something bad been said about the £235,000. There was no doubt Hie Treasurer did not deliberately over-issue stock to cover seme gap. His explanation was perfectly dear. He was not told fay Mr. Gill that under the Act of 1888 there was £201,000 applicable to the redemption of liabilities, and therefore applicable, to the redemption of the £250,000 oi Treasury bills falling due this year. He would like to ask the Treasurer if it was not bis duty to supervise the work of his department. He would not say the Treasurer had to go through tie books and accounts, but (he was bound to see that all statutable apportionments of money were properly made. When he asked tne par manent head of his department what stock had to be redeemed during the year he should look up the Acts of Parliament, such as that of 1888, under which a par ticular fund was set aside for redemption, and he Aould ask Mr. Gill what funds under that section were avail able 'for redemption. That was a work of supervision, and the Treasurer had notexercisedthat supervision that he should have. And were they to be told by Mr. Playford that they were not to criticise the Treasurer because it was a subordinate's mistake. If they could not criticise the Treasurer, what was the good of the Audit Commissioners report? Mr. Solomon's speech was an excellent, powerful, clear, and effective one, and it was perfectly justi fied, and without saying there had not been a clear explanation," he agreed that the Treasurer was deserving of a certain amount of censure. The Treasurer thought he* could get out of the difficulty of tic over-issue by cancelling the warrant appor tioning that particular stock to the pur pose of the redemption of the Treasury bills—-that he could cancel the Executive Council warrant, under which the £235,000 was wrongfully apjtortioned for redemption, and make that warrant applicable to the is sue of stock for the purchase of the Glenelg railway, or some other purpose. He did not want to speak definitely on that point. The Commissioner of Audit thought the Act of 189ti took the place of a Loan Bill, and gave the Treasurer power to issue stock for any policy declared by Parliament. It absolutely did nothing of the sort, aue Treasurer might issue consolidated stock for the purpoees of redemption. Parliament bad provided that at least a quarter per cent, of the public debt had to foe eet aside every year for the purpose of a sinking fund. That amount was struck because from 1896 for three or four years, and from the present time till about 1907, the redemp tions would be about £60,000 or £70,000 a year. If, however, tie amount to be re deemed in any particular year was more than -the apportionment under the Act ot 1596 power was given to the Treasurer to issue consolidated stock, if he did not choose to make provision out of die general revenue for the redemption. What the Treasurer seemed to have done, seeing that there was not sufficient money in the sinking fund, was to issue consolidated stock in excess of the requirements to the tune of about £235,000. Having issued that to cover tie redemptions of a particu lar year he claimed that that money was really already apportrorred by statute, de spite anything ttiat the Treasurer might say in regard to the cancellation of aa Exe cutive warrant. Section 20 of the Act of 1896 said: —"AD moneys received by or placed to the account of the Commission ers, or coming to their hands under the provisions of this Act, arc hereby charged with the payment of the principal of all public securities falling due and consolidat ed- stock to be redeemed during The finan cial j?sr, and sha? fm'fliwitfc, on said pub lic securities falling doe and such, consoli dated stock being redeemable, be applied by tie Commissioners in payment thereof. The surplns, if any, shall (be applied by tie Cpmjnissaners in—(?) The payment of tag principal of all public securities falling due after the financial year; (b) the purchase of public securities or consoli dated stock not due; or (c) the redemption of consolidated sto<*k." There was nothing in the Act to say that this money could be applied to the purposes of future loans. Regarding the Governor's position, to a great extent he agreed with Mr. Playford's remarks. He thought that his Excellency waa guided in his action by the minute written by the Lieutenant><jfo veraor in 1898. His Excellency was en titled to get advice sometimes in regard to pure illegality. When the Governor was in doubt about the legality of any Act he was entitled to consult the Chief Justice. It was so, lie knew, hi Crown colonies. The Governor had found a 'direction by the laeutenantJUov?rnor, who happened to be Chief Justice, that a certain thing should be done before be signed the warrant for the issue of stock. He did not think his Excellency was entitled to get an explana tion as to the policy of the issue of that stock before he signed the warrant. In his memorandum to the Treasurer his Excel lency said—*'As to the remaining quarter of a million, it was, 1 think, not only essen tial that the securitke intended to be re deemed should 'be specified, but in the case of those maturing at a more distant date the information laid before the Council should also have i?4nA*>A some statement of the advantage to the public finances ot' the earlier redemption of such securities." The Act of 1896 authorised the issue of consolidated stock in exchange for pviwting debts with a view to their redemption be fore maturity, but that did not mean that the Treasurer could at any time take it upon himself to issue a million, pounds' worth of our bonds. What the Governor had taken upon himself to do was to be come judge of the expediency of issuing consolidated stock in exchange for accruing debts. The Governor not only could, but was 'bound, before signing any warrant, to see that he was not breaking the law by so doing. (Mr. Denny— "ls he to be tiie judge ot that?") Yes, but he could get ad vice from the Chief Justice if he liked. (Mr. Denny—"Are not his advisers respon sible?") Yes, but his Excellency was re sponsible to the Imperial Government. His txeeHeircy must not act against the law. That was clearly laid down in the case of Governor DaxhnK, of Victoria. That Go vernor, it would be remembered, signed warrants for money that was raised upon resolution of 4he Legislative Assembly of Victoria only. He issued warrants against the statutes requiring the consent of Parlia ment, and for co doing was severely repri- Aanaed by the Home Government. The Governor must not mamfesiiy break the law. But when Che matter was one of opinion the Governor must act on the ad vice of tas Cabinet. He must not be guided by considerations of policy, other wise tfrey would have no responsible govern ment. Wihen, therefore, the Governor de parted from matters of pure legality and in terfered in questions of policy he was ob yioosJy -wrong. (Mr. Denny—"ls he to be judge of ihe legality?") Yes, but if he chose he could ask the advice of hiu Cabinet. II the Executive advised him to do what was manifestly against an Act of Parliament he must not act on that advice. In that case he must <caJl in other advisers. If they in sisted upon giving him the same advice, the Governor could dismiss them and appeal to 'the country-. He understood it was alleged that che £10,000 due to file Ade laide sewers fund had been paid out of the increments and interest on the purchase money coming into construction account (The Treasurer—"lnterest only.") It seemed to him that that money was also already apportioned by Act of Parliament. (The Treasurer—-'Terhaps so.") Then the Treasurer was really paying a man out of his own money. (The Treasurer—"Ought interest to be charged twice for the same amounts, and for 'the same period?") He did not ccc that interest was being charged twice. He believed the position was a difficult one in this way, that under the Act of 1878 the idea was that they were really dealing with "the metropolitan area. Vow, however, the various suburbs were dealt with under specific Loin Acts. There did not seem to be any sinking fund pro vided for the suburbs, and there was a sinking fund for Adelaide. Really, there fore, they had got a bit mixed. His own opinion was that they could never be per fectly safe without the obligations under Acts of Parliament were absolutely carried out. The deficit of 1887 would never have accrued had the obligations under various Loan Acts been carried out. It was by encroaching on loan funds that the deficit had been created. If tbey absojtftelv stack to the letter of every Act of Parliament, they could never go absolutely to the bad. Therefore, the sooner they helped the Audit Oommissioner in the performance of his duties the better it would be for the province. The motion to recommit the vote "Des titute Persons" was carried. The motion to recommit the rote "Pro duce Export Department" was declared negatived, and Mr. CASTTNE ca?ed for a division, which resulted as follows:— Ayes, 17—Messrs. Archibald, CaidweH, Copley, Darling, Duncan, Gilbert. Glvnn, Hague, Handymde, Herbert, Hourigan, MeLachtan, Price, Bounsevell, Shannon, Solomon, and Castine (teller). Noes, 25—Messrs. Batchelor, Blacker, Brooker, Burgoyne, Butler, Carpenter, Catt, Coneybeer, Cummins, Denny, Foster, Grainger, Hooper, Jenkins, MacGJnivray, McKenrie, Miller, O'Lough lin, Playford, Poynton, Scherk, Tucker, Wood, and Holder (teller). Majority of 8 for the Noes. The motion to recommit the subvote "Retaining officers" was negatived. In committee. Destitute persons, £18,720. Mr. GBiAINGER moved to strike £103 off "chairman of the board," and make the salary £300. It seemed to him that the House should make some better provision for old persons in their decHaging years. Since 1896 no report on the Destitute Asylum had been brought down to the House. Out of 401 inmates on June 30 last 295 were over 61 years of age, 191 of that number being over 71 years, and 41 over 80 years. The ages of those Who died during the past year were:—Between 59 and 60 years, 8; between ?0 and 70, 18; be tween 70 and 80, 27; between £0 and 93, 12; between 90 and 100, 3; total, 68, .Num bers of them were shovelled into the asy lum from the Adelaide Hospital to die. The report stated:—"The need for further ac commodation for infirmary cases is now more pregsi^r than ever, and the board very much l^gcets that its recommendation, made each year for the past four years, that increased accommodation bz provided, has not been given effect to, and again em phasises tie necessity for its recommenda tion being carried out as early as possible, on account of the iaqre number of helpless inmates in the institution, and the limited accommodation at the board's disposal. There are now 89 occupying beds in the in firmary wards, all of whom are under medi cal treatment; in addition to which there are 74 more in other pans of the institu tion who are under medical treat ment, although not confined to their beds." We were not so poor that we could not deal properly with die destitute poor. Many years ago tie matron of the Desti tute Asyhrm had very little control over the inmates, who used sometimes to bang her head against against the wall. Her successor had succeeded in bringing some thing like order out of chaos. He wonld not nave taken much notice of what he heard about the Destitute Asylum but for the untruthful yarns promulgated by Mr. Lindsay and other members of the board. He enquired into them, and found them untrue. They originated to a great extent in the system of tittle-tattle and misman agement which characterised the depart ment in many ways. The place had three bosses—Mr. Lindsay, Mr. Acton, and ano ther gentleman who resided there, and was a sort of third boss. He thought the salary he proposed should he quite enough for Che chairman of a charitable institution. He protested against the mean, contemptible spite shown tiy Mr. Lindsay towards one of the officers of the establishment, to whom he had not spoken for three years. According to tike correspondence this offi cial, who had an opportunity of resigning, and who had a. right to ask for a testi monial, did not get one, because the Esti mates were RoinK through Utie House, and it was deemed prudent, he presumed, to keep it back until tiie last minute. There were old gentlemen managing the institu tion, who should be thinking about cheir residences fn the cemetery, and it was about time some attention was paid to the work which Mr. Lmdeay did, and for which he Rot a large salary. <His warnt of effieierrey and lack of interest in the institution had proved disastrous to the aged poor of the colony. Better men were needed to manage tSie asylum, where ?the poor were treated in a way tirat teas a scandal to tlhe commu nity. There was no occasion to have a paid chairman of the board no more than there was to (have a salaried chairman of the board of trustees of t!he Savings Bonk, and the £400 given to Mr. Lmdaav mieht be better spent m providing 'homes for tihe poor apart from the asylum altogether. It was not lair to shove] in fhe c=rck from the hospital into the asylum, and this practice should be stopiwd. To mark iis disapjM-o batton ot" Mr. Lindsay's management of the asylum he moved ro reduce liis salary from £M oto £300. The OHIKK SECRETARY said Mr. Lind €iay bad sent ltim. a memoraminm which had been ordered to be printed, and as the document had 'been Jorwarded to the Go vernment Printing Office during the after noon iie was not able to use it now. The purport of the report was that the intir maiy in t-he asyluni -was not so crowded now as heretofore, as man)' of the inmates had gone away, and there were no cancer cases in the institution at all now. The chairman of the Destitute Board had al ways been paid, 'but whether that was a wise arrangement or not he would not say just then. It was certain that no one would act as -chairman of the board unless he were paid, and if it ivere not an easy mat ter to get gentlemen to act on the "Desti tute Board—and experience proved that it waa not —it -would be far more difficult to secure a chairman without salary. Mr. Lindsay was a well-kijown Government offi cial, and he was a hard-working ami indus trious man. He had been connect ed -with the asylum for many wars, and be was mo£t careful concern ing the financial side of the institution. The members of the board, too, were de serving of the greatest credit for their valu able services, rendered without any reward. Unless a man had considerable leisure he could not be a member, because it took up a lot of time. He did not know why the re ports of the board were not printed as Par liamentary papers, except it was on the score of economy, but he would see in fu ture that the reports were laid on the table for the information of members. He thought the cost of the infirmary should be charged to tbe Hospitals Department, be cause it was not fair to put the cost of in curable inmates down to the destitute poor vote. The matron had handed in her resig nation because of some friction that had taken place with the board. The board had asked her to report on the appointment of a nurse. She declined at first, but under pressure bad made a report. The board did not act on it, and the result was that the matron resigned. Mr. Lindsay might have been indiscreet in saying something to her about a previous friction which had taken place, btK it was pure ohoughtleesness. The testimonial spoken about wa.s, as was al ways done, given after the matron had left the department, and he saw nothing wrong about that incident. The Government would strongly oppose any reduction in Mr. Lindsay's salary. Mr. WOOD said Mr. Lindsay was one of the best officers in the Government service, and Mr. Grainger had for pure spite at tacked ition. The latter 'had broken his promise to a lady not to bring tihe matter toafore Parliament, and had spoken as he ?iod about Mr. Lindsay, not to vindicate the lady, but to get his knife into that officer. He thought nic Chief Secretary knew more about this matter than he said. The chair man, if he did not, as Mr. Lindsay said, speak to tie lady for three rears, probably had a good remsrvn ltw it, ami 'Mr. liraingpr might have let the thing drop, as the'lady wished. Mr. Lindsay had been most econo mical in his management of the department economical in fact, because he had cut wages down in the department -too low. Ihc-re had been no ron-nriaints what ever from the inmates of the asylum. He had seen more food served to the in mates lihan ne could eat, and lie was a hearty man. Mr. Grainger tried to do an injury to an aged man, because a lady of 'his acquaintance was not courteousiy treated. That only showed Mr. Grainger's peetiness and spiteMness. Mr. HUTCHISON said no inmate was well trearted -who had to mix up day after day with sick people. He believed the chairman was a (rood, conscientious officer. He trusted the Government would try and get more voluntary work, and do more for the inmates. He could scarcely believe the chairman. wouH not speak to one of the officers for the period stated. There mi^ht not be t!he pressure on the institution at present that tihere had been in the past, bat it would come in the future. He trusted *the Government would do some thin during recess to provide for the sick. Mr. PRICE regretftsd a. promise had been made to Mr. Grainger to reopen ibis ques tion. Mr? Lindsay was one of his con stituents, and he was an honorable, good, old servant, but at the same thne Mr. At kinson could carry on the business as well wftihout Mr. Lindsay. Old servants be came case-hardened, and lost their sympa thetic nature. If the statements were true concerning this lady, they ought to be in vestigated. He had been told this woman got coupons for her meat, and in return got bo much meat from the bntchers, which she gave to her friends. The statement was made to the board that she fed herself with food that should go to the inmates. (Mr. Grainger—"Scandalous.") Mr. Grain ger said scandalous things about Mr. LiniF say. (Mr. Graingers—*! am ashamed of you. You call yourself a man.") Mr. Grainger ought to be ashamed of himself for abusing Mr. Lindsay as he did. (Mr. Grainger—"l -will have my teeSh into you directly, Master Tommy.") The boot was on the cither 'foot altogether. lie could tell the honorable member who ate the ?meat. Mr. GRAINGER said he could not use an expression about Mr. Price that he could use outside. He could not cafl him a liar. Mr. Price had made statemsrats about members in the House and officials at Bundaleer, and now this cringing, crawl ing member came down here and libelled — The CHAIRMAN—Order. Mr. GRAINGER said he would with draw that. The boa. member came down there and libelled a woman by repeating a lie that was float ing about in the smoking-room. Where did that member get it? From his beautiful Labor Party? (Mr. Price—"'So.") Yes; from Mr. McGiflivTay. (Mr. MeGil- Kvray—"l have statements here from peo ple inside tiie institution.") And th?re was not one word of truth 'in them. (Mr. Price—"Yon get the papers.") He had seen -the papers and enquired into tie whole thing. Mr. Price came down to tie House and mode statements which were the outcome of his poetic imagination; he could call it nothing elee. Mr. Price was a poet—of a sort. As a matter of fact the lady whom that member had maligned had never had a angle mouthful ot ith^ meat supplied to the asylum. (Mr. Price —"'She bad a cut every day.") She had never had a single mouthful. The board, when she left, gave her the highest testimonials ever given to any Civil servant in the colony. Would the board hare acted thus if this lady had been robbing the department? Not.likely: But it remained lor a .'nan like Mr. Price to come "down to the House and make his gross and falte sta. eoitms about thtis lady. The lacts of the niaUcr were that in the Destitute Asylum there were certain women whom they all had a primary regard for. These women came into the asylum to have their second or subse quent child. Some went in becuise their husbands were too poor, being away in other parts of Australia, to support them in that hour when a wo man was entitled to the greatest sympathy. They were not all illegitimates that were born in 'Che Destitute Asylum by any means. The matron took one of these women who had o. child at the breast and gave her certain work to do. Thinking Chat this mother was entitled to get a better 'breakfast than, tiie ordinary inmates, the matron, slid to 'her, ""Get something cut off," (because a good deal of the rations found its way into t3ie pigs' bucket, lihe matron told this poor woman to get a cut from -the meat and cook it for her break fast. The matron never had one mouthful for herself. It was a most scandalous thing that Mr. Price should revile the lady in question for $>cr kindness to a nursing mother. As regards He members of the board, rhey had a cup of tea at the insti tution, and would Mr. Price make a similar charge against them? There were working men rending on the place, but not a moutih ful of the food intended for tfhe institution found its way to them. The matron had her own private mean?, although these were not large. Her late husband was a very old friend of 9iis. The matron was entitled to a certain amount of rations. If she liked to have a shoulder of lanrb once a week iiunead of having chops always, why should she not? She was a single woman, and nKMnlterp kn-ew that ?anale women did not eat much—perhaps an ese, with a cup of tea. It was monstrous for Mr. Price to make the charges lie had against this lady simply because <Tf her kindness <to a si?st?r in Jrfftress. He supposed "that member would accuse her of taking all tihe toSbaoeo and all itSic pnuff, IbeoaufC ebe had the doling *nrt of those artieVs -to the old men. The matron hod entered the instftutio-n when it was in a state of chaos. Tie for mer occupant df that position used to get her ?bead bumped against the wall by the inmate. Out of oharw <iho maitrrvn had produced order. The result of all her work was Bhat Mr. Price came down to tl?e House, and made t&ocking; and disgraceful charges ugaanat her. Mr. I'KiCt; said that Mr. Gramger, in a riramalic "way, Iliad token it upon himself Co refer lo him" ratiriutUy as the "iwn. mem ber for titurt.'' \V<ben Mr. Giuinger made a statement in tihe Jiou-se tiie other treniiu; be had told him to look inio t)he matter before saying too much. (Jir. Grainger — "1 did ?enquire iv/oo it.") Mr. Ununger had not given irbc whole of -tlie <xusc. ihe lady referred to might be an exemplar, but he intended putting die position before the committee, dejjnte what .Mr. Grainger might tsiy about tois fsta-t- emenics. lie had never made any .statement chat iie was not prepared to ,<-taml fey to Che bitter end. (ilr- Gramger—"liundaleor, for instance.') The (fact of -tlie matter \ras that the woman he "had referred to had delfljerately <-et htsr self to ?work to secure the destruction of an honorable and good girl. She wanted to gtt rid of the giri. Accordingly she had reported falsely on tohe young -wo man, aaid tried to injure one -who was really superior <to <her<>alf. Tihis "mas the woman, or Uddy, as abe 'haid been -called, wfaom "ilr- Giainger Cried <to -hold up us a model of ex cellence. Let the hon. member go down and eat the meat at the Destitute Asylum if he liked. The re-port of the Committee said that this woman took slices of meat every day out of the poor's meat, and kept her coupons to feed the hon. member and such like. Every time a slice was taken off the meat the poor had to do with a slice less. As to the alleged waste, the truth was that too much saving had been made. Mr. Lindsay had dove honorable service, and Mr. Grainger had defended his own friends by trying to stick a knife into a honorable servant. ilr. GKAINGER said tine fact was that the matron -was asked for a recommenda tion tor the nurse, and .-he said she would rather not give it, because there had been some friction ixitween them during the last part of the nurse's service. She spoke highly of the nurse otherwise, and one of the inmates corroborated what 'ihe matron said. Mr. DEJJ2JY moved "That tie committee divide." Carried. The amendment was negatived, and the line passed as printed. The resolutions were reported and agreed to. In Committee of Ways and Means, the usual Supply resolutions were passed. The resolutions -were reported and agreed to, and ithe Treasurer and Chief Secretary were apiwinted a committee to bring in an Ap propriation Bill. APPROPRIATION BILL. The TREASURER introduced the Ap propriation Bill, which was read a first time. On the motion that the standing orders be suspended to enable the Bill to pass through its remaining stages without de lay, Mr. SOLOMON said that he had a con tingent motion dealing "with an important subject, and he asked the Treasurer not to rush the Bill through that night. He objected to the suspension of the standing orders. There was no need for this inde cent haste at this jieriod of the session, when several important matters had to be considered, and if the Appropriation Bill were passod it would place the Government beyond the reach of Parliament. Since the intimation of the Treasurer that Parliament would prorogue at tie end of the present montii several important matters bearing upon the financial administration of the co lony had cropped up, and opinions decided ly detrimental to the Government had been expressed on all sides. If members agreed to the suspension of the standing orders dow it would practically close tie mouths of members for the remainder of the ses sion, and considering the questions of paramount importance on tue notice-paper, members should not per mit this to be done. He antici pated that the Treasurer would seize the advantage of tie calm afterthe ttorm— and a just storm it =was too—which he had brought about Siis head, and try to slip the Ainuopriation-Bill through, thus smother ing the rest of the work of the session. There were several matters on the notice-paper in the name of pri vate member* -which the Govern ment did not have the courage to bring before the House. (lbe lre^urer— "You are a .odendid one to bark; why <lo you not bite?") He would bite quite sufficiently to please iie Treasurer at the- proper time. Would Mr. Holder Hke thinfis to be brought to a. fair issue. Probably the Treasurer would know all about it before he was 2* "hours older, and when that came pernajM'Sie would not be ho anxious about the biting as he was just then. (The Treasurer—"All the more reason why we <&ould; liave it now.") He had a motion on iSie notice-paper, Which read as follows:—"That, in the opinion ot tdiis House, a. Dill should be immediately intro duced to effect economies in tne cost of the Legislature <by providing for—(a) Reduc tion in tSie number of members of both Houses and Ministers of the Crown; or (b) reduction of tie safeties of members of both Houses and Ministers of ?be Crown." He need not go into details concerning that motion just tlhen. In tJie early part of tshc session, the Government introduced the Convention 831, which had since been re jected. The history of tihat Bill was pretty well known. The SPEAKER—The hon;. member is not in order in discussing that question on the present motion. Mr. SOLOMON said he was trying to show that it was against the best interests of tie country to suspend the standing or ders while a snbject of such vital import ance was not yet settled. The SPEAKER—The hon. member may say that, but 1 ask him not to discus.- it. Mr. SOLOMON said there -were still six weeks of practical work ahead if Parliament liked to do it. IThe Government having failed in one Bill which did not suit the House, should not be allowed to get into the haven of recess, which passing the Ap propriation Bill practically meant, -without fulfilling their pledges. The House had been taken by surprise that nigit, and certainly did nut expect that the business of the ses sion would be concluded without haying an opportunity of dealing with many import ant matters now on the notice-paper, but that was really what the Government meant. The Treasurer in hi? sense of se curity, forgetting perhaps for the moment the old adage, and it was well not to holloa till you are out of the wood, suggested a definite ctadience of the position of the Government. He was backed up by Mr. Playford, who, in bis artistic fashion, had whitowaHued him so completely that he felt that even electric light would cast a deep shade on his whitening, but his manner of dealing with the finances had not yet been as fully discussed as it should, and would be, or as folly impressed on the people of the country as it would have to be before the session closed. Even though he might not conclude his remarks by a definite mo tion The SPEAKER—I wouM point out that the question of the finances may be dealt with on the second reading, but not on the motion to suspend the standing-orders. Mr. SOLOMON said he was perhaps wrong in opening op the subject at that stage, and would confine bis re marks to the question before the chair. He put it to members -whether at this btage of the season, when there was important business on the notice-paper, they should allow the Government to take the control of the whole business of the colony out of their hands. There was no tremendous hurry to rise so much earlier this session than" nsual, when it meant the sacrifice of a large number of important measures. When t&ey; paa?ed this Bill members were entirely in the liands of the Government. It would be just as well to bring this on in a week or fortnight's time. (The Trea surer—"Members want to rise at the end of November.") The members of the Ministry would have got up in July if they could. (The Minister of Education—"You got up after a week.") Thanks to the sup port of the chief honorary white-warier of she Government, Mr. Playford, and the as sistant white-washer, s£r. Grainger, the Go vernment had been able to keep their seats up to the present time. He asked the mem bers not to allow ihe Government to glan.rh_ ter their measures, as was proposed. Once the Appropriation Bill was passed the Go vernment could do as they pleased. If members permitted the measures on the notice-i?aper to be slaughtered tie respon sibility would rest on their shoulders, and not on his. Tie Hon. W. B. ROUNSEVELL said the surprise the Treasurer had sprung on the House was most unusual. There was no doubt the Treasurer intimated his intention of dosing the session at the end of the month, and lie (Mr. Rounscvell) was not desirous of protracting it unnecessarily. He was glad no great amount of mischief had been done during the year, and he would like to see tie obsequies of the session con ducted with a certain amount of decorum. He understood, but had no pledge, that the Treasnirer would move the Appropriation Bill on Thursday. This Bill was recognised as one oi the final acts of the session, and the passing of it gave over the control of the business of the country to the Go verniueut. There had been very few ses sions in which private members had been so active in bringing in motions and Bilk, and many of them would be destroyed if the A<>propriatk>n Bill were parsed too soon. ('Mr. MiUer—"Do you want to earn' your motion?") Yes, and if he did not thia session te -would introduce it next sesion. Tjhe inaauatjon. ef Mr. MjQer pc most un kind. He felt as earnestly zealous about the development of this country by a. pro per system oi agriculture The SSPEtAKIiK—The hon. member m-ast not dUcuE-s that. The Hon. W. Is. BOUNBEVELL said be could not allow Mr. Miller's jnanuation to Imss unukaijt-'u^rcd. He was earnestly de sirous, of carrying the motions which he had upon the budiwess paper. All hope ot the passage of any private members' busi ness would vanish if lie House allowed the Government to get *he .Appropriation 'Bii> through tint evening. One matter of im portance on the iboaJness paper that had only been discussed <cwioe -u-aa tie Council KranohKHC ikU. M dhare viw one queatiou more than another that had agitated the public mind of recent yeass, it was this question of an extension of the franchise for *i*e ljegislaitive Council. It bald been discussed in tlhe House of Assembly on different occasions, a?nd sent on to the otiier Chamber, where lihe Government proposals had been rejected. Tiho SPEAKER—I ask <Cbe hon. member not to discuss that. He is not in order. Tire Hon. W. B. KOIJ.NSEV'ISLL< thought he had a. right to rafor to those matters of importance which, in his opinion, would be jeopardised (by the passage of dihe Appro priation Bill. The SPEAKER—The hum. member may refer to them, birt he is not in order iv enlarging upon them, 'line morion before the Chamber is simply one for the suspen sion of the standing orders. The Hon. W. B. KOL.NSEVIiIA. asked v he was to be limited in bis remarks to merely mentioning certain masters? The SPEAKER—On Tie question of -the suspension of the standing ordens the toon, member is not in order in enlarging upon any question. The Hon. W. B. ROUNSBVELL said 4>ha.t the qnestdtm of an extension of the franchise for tlhe Ijegisktive Council iras one of ithe most important matters thait the present or any mUlher Parliament could con sider. Then there was the Compulsory Vaccination Abolition Itill, -whEch was also of (rre*t inTpontancf. There -Was also the Adelaide and Suburban Tramways Electric 'Inuction litil. teurely meanders ought to have an opportunity of considering that during the current session! If the House passed the Appropriation Bit) a surprise might be sprung upon members, who might be sent about itieir businesses for sis months upon any day next week that the Treasurer chose. The Mining Bill was also an important sub ject. This measure had been, sprung upon them as a surprise. (The Treasurer — '"I mentioned it yesterday.") He did not re member hearing it. That afternoon the Treasurer told him the Appropriation Bill would Ibe introduced on Thursday. The BUI was practically a certificate of satis faction by the House with the action of the Ministry, and he was not prepared to en dorse that to-night. He claimed it as a duty and a right to protest against the extraor dinary way in which the Bill had 'been brought in" to- night. It was unfair to many hon. meiriberc who had gone home without any idea that the Bill would be introduced. (The Chief Secretary—"The only request from* members of your party was that the items of the Loan Bill should not be taken.") He believed some Ministerialists would condemn the Government to-mor row. The great bulk of the work of the Government and of private members was still unfinished. ?Mr. COPLEY said the Treasurer had sprung a surprise upon the House, and he for one dad not expect t4ie Bill to be intro ducedtthat night. (The Treasurer—"Have you ever known an occasion on which so much time lias elapsed between tie passing of the Estimates and the introduction eft the Appropriation Bill as lliis time?") Cir cumstances altered cases. The financial dis closures made on Tuesday and that day were unprecedented in the lustory of South Australia, and "ho hoped they would never be repeated. A good many members had gone home not knowing the Bill would' be introduced, and rhe protests of the leader of the Opposition and Mr. Rounsevell were justifiable. The Treasurer was hurrying the passage of the Bill witihou't having any object "to gain, and if it were brought in tiie A&xqnbly; on Thursday it could be sent to the Council, -who -would have ample time to consider it before tSie int>rogat;on. The nio'tion was declared carried. Mr. SOLOMON called for a division, which re sulted as follows:— Ayes, 25—Messrs. Archibald, Batchelor, Blacker, Brooker, Butler, Carpenter, Catt. Coneybeer, Djenny, Foster, Grainger, Hooper, Hourigan Hutchison. Jenkins, MacGillivray, MiDer. Morris, O'Loughlm, PaeeTi, Price, Shannon, Tucker, Wood, and Holder (teller). Noes. 11 —Messrs. Caldwe?, Castine, Cop ley, Darling, Glynn, Hague, Hsndyside, Herbert, Povnton, RounserelL and Solomon (teHer). Majority of 14 for the Ayes. In committee. Clause 1. Appropriation of the general revenue. Mr. CASTINE said lie would like to dis cuss tie vote for the Produce Depot, but if the Treasurer would assist him to have his motion dealing with that department discussed, he would not detain the House at ?tfcat late hour. (The Treasurer—"l wiU try and help you ?on Friday.") He would accept tliatt assurance. Clause 2 passed. Title and preamble passed. The Bill -was reported. The report was adopted, and the Bill was read a third time and passed. IRON KNOB TRAMWAY BILL. Received from the Legislative Council, and read a first time. Mr. BROOKER moved that the second reading be an order of the day for Friday. Mr. POYNTON moved to" strike out "Friday," and insert "this day six months." The SPEAKER—^The hon. member can-, not do that. He can make it this day week. Mr. POYNTON said he -would move that. He was entirely opposed to the Bill. It was utterly contrary *? 'the whole principle of the South Australian railway system, and was a piece of jobbery. The SPEAKER—The merits of the Bill cannot be discussed on this motion. Mr. POYNTON said he objected to It being put down for Friday, because mem bers would not have any opportunity of considering -the Bill in the interim. They would be busy from 11 o'clock next day, and would have no time to look into it. If the second reading was set down for Friday the Bill -would gain precedence over all other business, and this -was surely not intended when Friday was set aside for private membero' busyness. It iva. \--n-<J.-imr the House to be too geuerous to the Proprietary Company. The Bill was on the same plane as the Adelaide T-rsunways liili. The SPEAKER-I think the hon. mem ber will be in order in moving tlui the se cond reading be fixed for this day six months, but no discussion can take place on the merits of the measure on such a motion. Mr. GUAINGER, on a point of order, asked if Mr. Poynton would be in order in saving he wanted further information. Tie SPEAKER—He would be in order in doing that. Mr. POYNTON said some important measures on the notice-paper would have to be put on one side for this Bill. There were euch measures as the Steam Boilers Bill, tie Council Franchise Bill, in which he felt much interest, and which but for party purposes would be supported, the Govern ment Service Minimum Wage Bill, the Gaining and Lottery Bill, and Ilr. Kounsc scvell's motion lor the establishment of ex-. perimental plol?, which had occupied a lot of time. These were to go by the board, and a private Bill of a wealthy mining com pany was to have preference. He noped tiie Government woixid as-usx him in put ting the Bill down for Wednesday next. Mr. CONEYBEER said he had no motion or Bill of his own down, but he had con sideration for those who had. The question of compulsory dale oi' land was ot more im jui'tance to him tShan any question on the notice-paper. Then there was (Jhe ques tion of the cemeteries, and also the iiog Bay jetty. He hoped tihe Government would aocede to Ifche request of Mr. Poyn ton. Mr. BROOKER said tihe 803 had been before the -Legislative Council for a good many months. Mr. Yon Doussa had asked him to look after the Bill in hiis absence. He had promised to try and get Che second reading of tfhe Bfli imt down for Friday next, and lie intended to adlberc to his promise. The amendment was declared negatived, and Mr. I>OYNTON called for a division, whiL"h resulted as follows: — Ayes, 12—Messrs. Archibald, Carpenter. Coneybeer, Glynn, Hourisin, Hutchison, McGiUivray, Price, Solomon, Tucker, Wood, and Povnton (teller). Noes, 22—Messrs. "Blacker, Butler, Cald well, Castine, Gait, Copley, Cummins, Dar ling. Foster, Graineer, Hague, Handvside, Herbert, Holder, Hooper, Jenkaia, MiWer, Morris, O'Lousrhlin, Rouneovel], Shannon, and Brooker (teller). 'Majority of 10 lor the Noes. Pairs—Avcs, Messrs. liurjrt>yne and Mc- Kenzie; Noes, Messrs. Batchelor and Papeb. The second reading was fixed for Friday next. * FERTILISERS BILL. Adjourned debate on second reading. Mr. HAGUE asked leave to continue his remarks on Another day. Negatived. Mr. HAGUE said in 1894 andl?9B Bnk were introduced dealing with this subject, and they bad not proved effectual, owing to <9ie Minister of Agriculture. The Go vernment inspector had not been able to secure convictions in cases of breach of tiie Act, because it was necessary to prove a sale in order <to convict. Clause 10 stated: —"Every person who sells, or has in his possession, or exhibits, or offers for sale any registered brand of fertiliser which contains a smaller percentage of nitrogen, nitrogen as nitrates, potash in readily soluble form, water soluble phosphate, cTtraite soluble phosphate, or acid aolrible phosphate than tto-t mentioned in the cer tificate delivered to the inspector of fer tilisers under section 5 hereof snail, if tire deficiency is greater than one-iaK per cen tum of nitrogen, or nitrogen as nitrates, one-half per centum of potash in readily soluble form, or two and one-half per cen tum of phosphate, whether waiter soluble phosphate, citrate soluble phosphate, or acid soluble pnosphaie, separately or total, be guilty of an offence against thie Act." This showed that the person who exhibits or has for sale any registered brand is liable. The IDnister said it duoirid be "every dealer*' instead o€ "every person," and that would be more reasonable, but even then he would object to it. The per sons who should be really responsible were not Che dealers, so ranch as the importers and manufacturers. The storekeeper was generally a mere agent tor the sale of tlhe fertiliser to tfce far mer, and the manufacturer was the person wlho really got tie profit. Clause i stated:—"Every dealer ehaH, within 30 days of ithe first day of January, 1901, or within 30 days after the date of his com mencing in business as a dealer, give no tice in wrirsng to the Inspector of Ferti lisers, at the office of the Minister of Agri culture in Adelaide, of his name and place of business, and of -the distinctive names or brands of the fertilisers dealt in by him, and of the places where tie same can b? obtained; and any -such person who shall fail to give ouch notice shall be liaMe to s penalty of not exceeding £2 per day for each day on which he shall so fail to give notice." That clause might be applicable to an importer or manufacturer, but it was very nard on the dealer. Clause 5 stated that everydealer had to pay a license fee for each, and every fertiliser bearing a distinct same or brand. Would he have to pay one fee, or as many as there were kinds of fertilisers he dealt in. How was tie deafer to know whether the im porter or manufacturer had paid tie fee? If the Government wished to limit the far-, mers' choice and check die eale of fertilisers they could not nave invented a procedure that would have answered the purpose more effectnally. Clause 26 stated that "in any proceedings under this Act paxoi evi dence chat any person is an analyst or an inspector &hail; he deemed sufficient, unless the defendant shall prove the contrary." That asked for the impossible. How could the defendant prove fire contrary? 'me pro per course to pursue was to make the im porter and manufacturer responsible. Let ?tfiem have registered brands, and if any of tie produce was not what it was represent ed to be, and "was shown not to have been tampered with, let the responsible man be dealt with, and if tampered witfe by a dealer, he should be punished. This would be a simple and effectual way and would enable the farmer to get what he needed without trouble. Mr. SHANNON thought it hardly fair of irihe Government to ru.su the Bui turougn at that late bour. Would this Bill be more effectual than the one passed tiro years ago? If not, what <was Che good of carry ing it? ' lv come paxes <st South Australia the use of fertilisers had revolutionised wheat-growing. Two years ago he contend ejl tJkit Uhe employment ot fertfliaere in tie drier districts of the colony would not pay, and he fcekl that >co use tiltem success fully tie average rain&tll; would have to be not less "titan 15 inches. What was re quired in places with a lesser rainfall was more moisture. It had been asserted that Mr. Joseph Parsons, of Carramuiks, was the originator of tie theory of fertilising, but the honor really belonged to Mr. John Cudmore, of MinbuUm. luat gentleman wrote as follows:—"It is repotted thatt 1 got my informaiSon from JSr. Jos. Parsons; ft is noi correct. 1 got my information from no man in South Australia. Being brought up on a farm in Devonshire wbere drills and manure bad to be used to pro cure good crops, I have seen the results of drilled and not drilled there. My land here betaig worn out, 1 Knougut It could be improved." He was the leader in this prin ciple, which had. nww spread all over South Australia, as far back as 1882. Some years after its brought it under ithe notice of Messrs. Goireli Bros., Who disseminated their knowledge over tiie country, through Itbe agency of the Agricultural Bureau, ot which they were members. The Mkustry liad evidently got -their numbers, and were going to force die Bui through, so it was no use making'a long speech. Mr. MIUUBE (aid Mr. Hamburg seemed to think that the previous Act had done no good, but it had been a very useful measure. It was, (however, defective, because Hie in spector mould not institute legal proceed ings, because he could ndt follow UJ> sale. This Bill would cure the defect. It had been thoircragWy considered by ithe Central Agricultural Bureau, and the inspector had gone carefully into tihe matter. Mr. CALDWEIA said if the Bill w?s carefully considered by competent men it had better be -passed at once. Experience had shown that the defects he and others pointed out when the Act was pished ought to be remedied, and he would sup poct the second reading wka great piea ""Xhe Hon. W. B. BOUNSEVELb'W) supported the Bill, which had been shown to be absolutely necessary. It would not be any disadvantage to, but would protect the honest ?mercjwntH, -nnd would assist fanners on obtaining a good quality of fer tilisers. As agriculturists became better acquainted with the advantages of fertilis ing the land there would be a very large quantity used. ? (Remainder of report held over.) At half-past 2 o'clock on Thursday morn ing the House adjourned till 2 o'clock the same day*. 