QUEER COMRADES. A GHOST STORY. (By 'Tackra.') I OBODY is askea to be M Ueve this story; but, y as it happened to me [ recently, I believe it, ? fc. of course, or I would JL JT not tell it to anyone. M\B It was a sultry De M B cember day; and, as usual, I was bunting experiences. I was , down at the foot of L Leura gully, near Ka rk toomba, and lying on p& some fern leaves pre ||pV pared for a long rest, st^JK before setting off to k^jB explore the valley be kJHP low. I ate some saud gSgg? wiches, drank some §5||g milk; and, looking up g=§§ through the lacework '' ' '??w*s^^ thought how lucky I was not to be grinding at a desk In town. The birds twittered and peered closely at me, while the butterflies sailed to and fro, and the music of the waters filled the air with harmony. 'Good morning; are you going to stop here; it's better further on,' said a pleasant voice; and I looked up, to see an elderly man, with a short grey beard, curly grey hair, bright eyes and color, looking down at me rather in an amused fashion. 'O, I'm having a rest now; I'm going on to do come exploring later on; do you know th.e place well?' 'I should say so; I have been here over thirty years, and know the history of all the people about, and different places, too; I'll show you, if you like.' 'O, I should like; please tell me all you know; and can I see any of the people you know who have histories?' The old man sat down, and seemed very pleased to talk. 'I am very much alone most of the year; but about this time I meet a few friends, and we talk over old times; there are no times like old times, you know. If you will come with me now, we can have all day to see everyone; shall we start now?' I gathered my things together, and off we start ed; the old man carrying my kit along the steep mountain path. As we descended, the under growtn was so dense that we had to creep on our hands and knees in places; but, after a couple of miles, we came out on a green patch, a couple of acres, perhaps, beside a little stream which we crossed by a ricketty plank, reaching a shanty still -good enough to live in, although everything be longing to it seemed to be very old and rusty. The chimney was very wide, built of rough stones, with a golden-flowered pumpkin vine curling about it, and over the bark roof, where here and there a rift showed. I went in at the open door, and Sound a tidy room, although the dust was thick upon every thing, and spiders had put their silken chains everywhere. It was a curious place; the walls had been covered with illustrated papers of many years ago; and the furniture was all home-made; but there certainly was a forsaken musty air about the place that soon sent me outside. 'Nice place, isn't it; I made everything myself for her, and it was pretty enough; but she was not happy long— poor Kitty.' I was interested, and said sympathetically, 'Do tell me about her; if you would like to, I mean; was she your— your wife?' Wife! Me. I never had any wife; ehe was my sister, and I gave her everything, and she turned out bad; I'll tell you about her first. I sent money that I nearly killed myeelf to get down to Sydney for her; and she came up, saying she had no other home. I was glad to have her here, and made a real pretty home for her. She seemed happy enough; but I didn't know the black that was in her heart. I and a few mates were fossicking about this stream for years; end I had made a tidy pile in my time. Kitty knew that I kept my money in a certain place; but I never bothered, for wasn't she my Bister! '? By and bye, Kitty began to go out for long rides, and came back with sparkling eyes, and rosylike. I began to think she was keeping com pany with one of the storemen about ten miles Eway. One day, she said, 'Steve, I'm going to be married, and I want you to see my young man; when shall I bring him over?' I said, 'Kitty, girl; bring him over as soon as you like; I'm right glad you're pleased yourself.' He came up one evening; a regular dandy lie was; black suit, smart tie, rings, hair shining, and quick way with him, too. We sang some songs, and smoked and yarned till midnight; then the young fellow went home, promising to come out next week, and help us finish up the whisky. He never came, but Kitty disappeared suddenly; and all I could do, I couldn't trace her. One evening she came back, about three months later, and she fell down beside ne, as I sat on that bench there, crying and sobbing, and her dress was all torn and stained by travel, and she said between her sobbing, 'Oh, be good to me and take me back, he — he — deserted me. I wish — I was — dead. I am in — great trouble — be good— to me for the sake — of— mother — save me.' And I took her up in my arms, saying, 'Kitty, girl, who is it? Let me get at him.' But she wouldn't speak — only cling to me in a pitiful kind of way, and cried softly. My two mates lived further on, about a quarter of a mile, and you had to cross my place to get to them. 'The girl seemed to be in a faint, and I set out to get water from the stream. It was pretty dark, and I stumbled over something. Before I recovered myself, I felt cold steel at my head, and a, voice said, 'Don't stir till I give the word.' I tried to run for the hut, thinking of Kitty there, but I heard the click of the trigger against my head and — I only remember hearing Kitty's voice, saying, 'Have you done it, Willie? Is he fixed? Are the others fixed, too? I've got the gold from here. ? I managed to take him in well ; he never suspected me. Are the other chaps ready to go?' 'Yes, yes. Quick; get up on this horse. Don't stop. We've bound the men, but they may get help. You're a devil, but I love you, Kitty,' replied a voice I remembered as her lover's, and then, somehow, I didn't seem to be a bit sur prised; I seemed to be in a dream, and didn't care, but— that's all the story. I've been here a long time, but I never -forget, and I like to tell anyone who will listen, but when I begin to tell people they get frightened and run way. But you're not frightened of me, are you? — and the old man peered so earnestly into my face, as if it were a matter of life and death, that I laughed and said, 'Pear you? Never. I like you very much, only I think you are too much alone, and bfood. Are you sure you didn't dream any of this?' 'Me! Dream! Why, I'm — I mean I can show you— no — don't you believe in me?' and the poor old grey soul looked so piteous, as if he would Call to pieces, that I said quickly, 'Oh, yes, of course, I know it's true; it'6 very interesting, too. Now, take me to your friends.' The old man smiled a smile of genuine glad ness, and we left the place. I Was glad, too, for a curious, ? eerie feeling crept over me, and I thought I heard queer rustlings, and the absease of any live creature, together with the ottent valley, the ghostly gums, and grey rocks, made it like a tomb. As we were crossing a deep gully, where the gloomy caverns yawned, andvthe trees grew bo thick that ft was like dusk below, my guide said, 'See, -there he is. Donald, I mean. He's another of us. He'll like to have a chat, too. Wait till I whistle.' In answer to the shrill call, a you&g; fellow leapt from the rocks overhead, with « good stout stick in his hand, and the usual tourist suit. He looked young— about 25 — and his dark hair ana bright color made him pleasant^*) look on, as he Bald» ? ?.;...-,-'???? ? 'Hullopold chap! Going to -the usual meeting place, I suppose? It's nearly twelve months since - we met. I haven't spoken to a soul — I mean a human being — for so long I feel awkward, especially In the presence of a lady,' and he bowed in my direction. 'How do you do?' I said, holding out my hand, which he held a moment, as he replied; 'I'm so glad to see you here. I'm often lonely. I will do all I can to show you round.' I began to feel quite adventurous, with my two cavaliers, - and the fun of the thing appealed to me. We went up to a huge cavern with a door way festooned by ferns, and here I found quite * home-like place, withal the things looked as though they needed the touch of a woman** hand, and the dust lay deep. On one side I flaw a tew book-shelves, with well-known writer* of the first half of the century, and I noticed, with sur prise, that cobwebs clung over some of the shelves. Near these I saw some tools for wood carving, and on the table lay a beautiful bit of carving— a half-length figure of a graceful girl, brimming over with life and youth, the face in profile, giving promise of a glorious womanhood. The young fellow Baw me pause, and said, 'la she not beautiful; I will tell you ber story by and bye.' There were settees round the room, low and broad, with carved backs and arms, while to one side stood a curious bedstead, finely carved along the sides and along the posts, with crimson faded silk curtains where the light glowed through in blood-red rays. I saw a mandolin with faded red ribbons tied up to a chair back, and a Xew sheets of MS. music had fluttered tr the floor. I felt as though I vrere living in a dream, for the only light came through the side, where the green ferns filtered it, so that It was dim, and everything was a little ghostly. I turned round, half expecting to wake up and find I was dreaming of some quaint old picture, when I saw my two friends at the door, and the younger said — 'Won't you sit down on the settee, and we can talk more easily?' I accepted, asking If they minded my eating some lunch I had with me. They seemed dis concerted for a moment, then Donald replied, 'Of course, you must be hungry; we ought to have seen about it, but — but — er ? ' 'You see,' broke in the old man, 'we are ac customed to rough it, and our fare is rougher than ever you eat, but ? ' I thought perhaps they were very poor, and didn't like to say so, so I said I had more than, enough — would they honor me by . sharing my meal. - They refused politely, but I ate plenty, and afterwards Donald started to talk in such a fashion that I was delighted. 'It's years since I have seen a young lady like yourself, and the sight of the pretty gown, little hands and feet, and your pretty ways, reminds me — ah, shall I ever forget. It's all bo long ago, too, but — always, always I see her here.' I looked up, startled, for Donald looked eo young that I thought he must be mad to speak of 'long ago.' I could not think this frank, young, healthy face that of a madman, and I put my hand in his, and said, 'I'm sorry; don't tell me if you'd rather not.' 'Why, little girl, I must go on now. If I kept it always to myself it burns and burns, till I can't bear myself. I wasn't to blame, God knows, but she wasn't to blame either. You know, I furnished this place myself and carved it all. I had made a name for myself, and we wanted to have one little home where we could live alone. We were married, and we were so happy that I thought heaven was on earth — and it was till the devil came, and — God, was I to blame? I gave her everything; we came here when 6Qe wished; we travelled; and ehe seemed happy, and eo proud of my fame. I worked, work ed, and my studies of her were always splendid. I think I loved the statues almost as my wife — always I was modelling her, and I thought of no thing else but her beauty. We did not often meet out of the studio, but one day she came and said, 'Donald, come out with me to-night. I want -t*- be just lovers as we were long ago'; and I replied hastily, 'Not to night; I'm busy finishing your exquisite arms in marble; not to-night.' 'Donald, /DoDald; ft»~night, dear, to-night. I want you to-night,' she cried; but I said 'To- morrow,' and — arid — little wife, do you see clearer now and forgive? I worked on late into the night, and about midnight I passed into the gar den, where the rooonligiht flickered between the leaves, and all was peace. I eauntesed to and fro, with the scent of flowers wafted to and fro, and the statues, pure and exquisite, stood amid the shadows. Suddenly I heard voices near me, and I saw two figures walk etealthily behind a group of statuary — the centre figure of Spring, with arms out stretched, aa though in blessing. I saw it all in a moment — my wife's entreaties — the man with her— God, she had meant to try and waken the warm living love I had let my art freeze. She had meaait to try and be true, and I — I had been blind — a fool — she so young and full of life and love and beauty. i, bound up in my work, looked on. her as a lay figure only. My blood was on fire. Now I crept up behind the statue. I knew it was only balanced. I listened to his pleading. I heard her refusal to go away grow fainter; he lifted her in his arms, he kissed her arms, her hair, her lips. Mine, all mine, doubly mine, for had I not recre ated them a thousand times, and in my madness I rushed at them, striking him over the head, call ing him every vile name. She clung to him, with a great terror in her eyes, and I yearned to take her to my heart, hut— her lover kissed her passionately, and placed her out of danger; then he returned, looked at me for one moment, as though to measure our strength. For -some terrible moments we wrestled. He. ?had me down, and his tiand was choking the life out of me, when I made one great effort to rise. As I did so, I clutched the base of the figure of Spring. It lurched forward, swayed back, loomed over me. I made one grasp at the arms to steady myself, when I heard my wife shriek, 'Donald, Donald, let me ? ' But her lover broke in, 'Let him be crushed in his marble love's arms.' and the marble figure crashed over, holding me in its broken arms, and I felt the horrible em brace crushing, crushing, and vainly I strove to beat off the cruel hands, and cold, clammy weight of body; it lay closer and closer, and with a last futile struggle, a strangled groan, I knew Death claimed ? 'Tackra, Tackra, wake up! What a girl you are for doing mad things! Why, it's nearly dark, and we've had such a hunt for you. We knew you were after adventures, so didn't expect to find you asleep under a tree fern. It was true. I had slept all day under the ferns, and there wasn't any old man, or Donald. I had only dreamed, and — I wept I had become so interested too, and thought I had found a truly romantic adventure. I could hardly speak to my friends, they seemed so ordinary. As I looked down over the weird valley, I thought, perchance, in those wild depths there are lonely graves, deserted huts, and buried stories after all. Perchance my spirit, while I slept, went afaT in the valley, where I willed to be, and met the ghosts of the pssst that may naunt these uncanny grey mystical romantic valleys, and — I 'like 'best so to think of this eerie experience. Every man who isn't prominent imagines he will be some day. The Duke of Argyll, in. a recent speech, warn ed his hearers about being too technical In their language. By way of illustration, he told a story of a lady who, in the course of conversa tion with a male friend, waxed so enthusiastic about tulle that he forthwith went to his tailor and ordered a complete suit of the material. The tailor was surprised, but took the order, Imagin ing there was some joke on foot. When the ap parel arrived home the owner found that its dia phanous qualities rendered it an unsuitable gar ment for the English climate. Editors of newspapers are having a hard time of it in Germany. Herr Harden, the clever edi tor of 'Zukunft,' a weekly publication, has Just been condemned to six months' imprisonment on a charge of lese-majeste. It would seem as if any slight divergence of opinion from the Kai ser's — if publicly expressed — may be construed by the courts into an attack upon the Emperor. Herr Harden has been sentenced because he found fault with the Emperor's now famous speech at Bremerhaven. In that epech the Ger man soldiers were warned to give no quarter to the Chinese, and to make no prisoners. They were to strike terror into the Chinese, as tbe Huns struck terror into the Western nations in the dark ages. Herr Harden expressed the opinion that Attila's example was not one lor German 6oldiers to follow. Four other instances of condemnation for lese- majeste have occurred in Germany, within the last few days. These, however, were not press prosecutions. As kit inevitable result of these prosecutions, publicists will be compelled to cultivate the metaphorical style— the art of writing 'between the lines.' The public will learn to ? read 'between the lines.' The change will certainly not be for the moral good either of writers or «£ readers. The masters of the metaphorical manner bsed to be the fable writers of Russia— artists like Kri lov, who could put any amount of politics Into an innocent little story. The 'Vossische Zeftnng' remarks that the reading between the lines de vice would not be to 'the advantage of the throne,' Jet alone public morals. Is not that an 'attack' upon the Emperor?' The Imperial Parliament, continues our German contempo j-ary, may have to Intervene, tor 'the sake Of free epech, and a free press, and the State's well being.' This is dangerous talk in Germany, where trials for lese-majeste are becoming very common. — 'Daily News.' ? «„ 