iuntrr.srz sToxr.\ HI OF MM, G. B. BURG/N. (esrrawBT.] E ALL dftvc i our idcaa in in tliu world of bow to i prepare lor the next. Some of Us put off the preparation on til the last mo ment. Then, we are very nnoom» lettable and wish that we had attended more closely to wh&t; *n old aunt of mine odoo called "onr sacrilegious duties." engaged in preparing- for the next world, (that they have no time in which to attend to jtbeir duties here. Personally, it baa always jpi innj to me rather indecent for a man to ■nako such a fuse about hie soul to his neigh (hour*. Provided he lives a godlv, sober, and righteous life, and does his neigh roani a good rzuh wherever possible, I think that he ought toot to trouble people unduly with his spiritual ^concerns. I This by the way; for I had just been (driven out of London by the incessant clamour of the Salvation Army, which never (lost a ohanoe of wishing to drag my soul into ttbe light of day whoncvor it met me in a (public thoroughfare. The last straw had [been when a very beautiful and ladylike [girl stopped me in the Strand sjid said (earnestly,. "J am so payrf fCT Vour P°°r» VSnfo) soul. Stranger, what of your eouii fifadreit that I was testy. "Itisa Question nrhioh no well-bred young woman should ask [of a perfect stranger without the formality of is previous introduction," I said severely. pAh," she replied eoftly, hor eyes filling jarith tears, " but it won't want an introduo ftion when il goes to the bottomless pit." I (must adroit feeling rather annoyed at her {having taken so much for jpantod. Then Qost at the right moment, oame Van iBolthen'a letter. " If," he said, "you want * little holiday, pack up your trap* and run tovor to Havromarlo. I shall be away for Hhroe week*, hut Old Aluthea will make you ^comfortable, and (this was the pbraw in the {letter which charmed me so much) you can r>ssess ycur soul in poace." Tbat was whai wanted. To po&scsa; my soul in peace; but {there did not appear to bo ranch change of my doinc; so in Europe. ■ When after sundry adventures which do *iot matter, I reached Havrcmarto (I had an «xcit)ng time with Greek patriots in Athens, jwhe wanted z»o to volunteer and pay my fown expenses), old Aluthea mot me on the threshold, and kissed my hand with much jEsrvonr. JLika the cood aenaible soul ehe nras, ehe did not bother roe about spiritual ratters, but tried to make me comfortable as cat on the terrace watching the fireflou KUwy looked like bicycle lamps in the vine* prards) and drinking a loathsome, evil-amsti fcng spirit, distilled from the lantiseae, cafied anaabo. ' "Ko one," said Aluthea, "overcame to ttfavromarto without leaning to love toastic." 41 But it makes me smell like a ohemist*s ushop," I objected. "Well," said Aluthee, "the saints be ^praised, people will think you are a true son <of Greece, and know.you by the smell." And so, evening after evening, I eat on the, Menace,'possessing my soul, without anyone .|n the neighbourhood venturing to dispute jny ownership of it. Tlie weeks fled by in a dream of languorous sunshine, beautiful .primitive ways, quaint music from the (^neighbours' guitars, and an. occasional fray iwhen the fisbor-folk took too much mastic *asd suddenly started a blood fend with a rnoighbouring village. At first I was a little •1 armed about my own personal safety, as [the inhabitants of Prinkipoti informed Aluthea that they were in doubt whether, i feeing the only stronger in the island, it might .not be a point of honour for both sides to see Jwhioh could bag me firal; but Aluthea j molded tham to vigorously that they some* ♦what reluctantly gave up the idea, nay, in ,oouaidenitian of* email sum in dfMbmas, I •was allowed by both sides to maintain an : armed neutrality. i The daily list was generally brought to me, ■and Aluthea, who knew everyone of the : victim^, alwayshad edyfyingremarks to make .-about them. One evening ehe eameto me \- with a joyous mile.lighting up her wrinkled .features. " Holy Saint Gnugoponloe he . praised, my lord.'' j " Certainly, Aluthea; but why ?" "To-morrow will be the saint's fete day, and the blood feud will be over, My lord can come to the fete." "All right, Aluthea. I'll send them a dozen bottles of msstio, just to celebrate the ,oooaalon. I'm rather tired of having ooea iidonal potshots made at me from the vine yard below." 11 It's only the boys," said Aluthea, apologetically. "They dot/t wish to hurt ..my lord, hut they like to see how near they .can fiie without actually hitting him. A true Havromartian would look upon it sa a torn jplfment." . To turn the conversation, for I was a little overcome by sueh kindly oonaideeation. I faked Aluthea abaut holy saint Gringoponloi. "Ah, my lord, but what a dear man he rial" she said enthusiastically. I motioned her to ait down. "If your lordship permits,H As Mid ^humbly. As I waa rather pining for a chat, 1 graciously permitted Aluthea to take this unheard-of privilege. She arranged herself comfortably on a cushion, her brown old face •glow with childish pride and d&iglit; at the unexpected honour which had fallen upon her. I poured her out eoine mastio. 41 To the caint and vonr lordship's health. Hay your inrdship die' in your sandals," ehe said fervently. Among these simple children of nature it is considered a disgraoe to die in your bed. Hence, if you are suffering from mortal disease, you go out and shoot someone, and ■his relations kindly do the same for you. Tbero is not the slightest illwill at the funeral; both parties thoroughly understand the situation. "There's an6tber bullet," I ssid, jumping, as something " zzzzzd " through the air, and buried itself in ihe veranda wall. "Go away, children," sternly eried Aluthea, advancing to the edge of the veranda, and calling down to some people in the vineyard. " Go away, or my lora will not come to the fete to-morrow." " Now I can tell your lordship all about' Saint Griugopoulos and the Hermit of Mavtomarto, she said, reseating herself, and casting: a wistful eye at the mastio bottle. I filled up her «rla«s and moved without the range of the liquid's potent fumes. "Well, my lord," said Aluthea, "one morning when we went down to the beach eunie fifty years ago, we found a holy man sitting there, combing the water out of his ihafr with hie finger nails. He had nothing «n. so my mother, the saints rest her bones, gave him her apron for a girdle. Ha told us lie came from the saints." •• Yes?" ' "Well, we built hint a hermitage and he got to be knowu as ' The Hermit of Matvo* raarto.' People always came to eee him on fete days, ana try to make him hungry." ••To mike him hungry P" " Yen, tny lord. He lived upon bread and water, wore horsehair next to his skin, and disciplined the flesh until he hadn't any flesh left. He grew wj thin that people oould see 'through hua. Xh* jreoyle of ftijiyoffQUlc* flifrf he «-** a hypofirit« witboat*ny cUimati} sanctity at all." " Did he kill tliew r" "Oii.no, my lord. The more fhey said the holier our hirmit became. People cam'* from niilob away U> receive his blefeiug. In winter, lif would tnke off his horsehair thirl and the girdle my inullier gave liim, nod Mand night after night on the topmo.-t pestk of tbe viand, praying for tlirs welfare of iuun Wild Ana for a Meting: on Gringopoulos, who1 was also trying to Ih? thought a saint. lie grew ho thin thai every gust of wind blew hint off hie perch ou to the beach below . but he would < rawl up again on all fours and then—puff! puff! and then tic wun down again.* ,4 Atid Chen r'* "Griogopauloa nearly died of envy. At last, he challenged the hermit* to a trial of endurance, in which the one who remained at his post for the greater time wan to be pro claimed the only Raint of the archipelago and to hold undisputed *way," "That was a good way of settling the difficulty." # "Od the appointed day, my lord, there was great excitement. The hermit wont to : hw usual post and tied himself to a tree lest the wiud should Mow him away. Oringo poulos took up hi* ignition on the opposite, poak. One day and a night elapsed. The hermit of Mavromarto began to suffer the pangs of liongcr; the fierce winds of heaven blew him np and down like a shuttlecock; and ho grew thinner than ever. But still1 Gringopoulos did not move from his post on 1 the opposite peak. A second day passed, my 1 lord! A third! A fourth! A fifth I Death | began to seize upon our good hermit, but I Gringopoulos stayed on. On the sixth day 1 our good hermit of Mavromurto commended I himself to the saints and gave up the ghost." i 41 And then, Aluthea?" i x Well, then, mv lord, it was all over. | Grfngopoulos rose from behind a clump of, bunjj^a, whore ho was waking a hearty break fant, took his robes off the dummy he had Elaced opposite our good hermit, buried the ennit, west home, and toJd everyoijo how he had won the contest." And you made him a saint, Aluthea?" " i^es, my lord. He was eo clever. He lived for forty yeure after, and is the holiest saint in the archipelago. " But about hiseoul, Aluthea P" " Ob, my lord, that's bis. affair. His bones have g?ept virtuo in curing rhcamatfem. He roust be a saint.*' ( And Aluthea went in to make her prepara tions for the morrow. After all, people of different nationalities look at things from different point* of view. Evan in Mana znarto you cannot escape your soul. 