?JUSTICES AT THE CITY POLICE COURT. \- At the meeting of the Justices' Associa tion -which was held on Wednesday even ing reference was made to tlie dissatisfac tion .which had been occasioned recently owing to an unusually large number- of Jus tices attending the sittings of the City Po lice Court when a case arising out i-f the recent disturbances in Gawler-place came on for tria).. Mr. Solomon-Senior, in sup porting a vote of thanks^to the Attorney General for his lecture, said he had been much concerned about the matter. There was a tendency on the part of some Jus tices to crowd the Bench when cases, of a special nature were set down lor hearing, and, although lie felt sure no harm was done, it caused a certain amount of sus picion' outside. It was essential, not only that' justice should be dealt out fairly, but that it should appear to be so. He suggest ed to the Attorney- General that it would .be much better if some provision could be made,. to secure the services of a limited number of Justices at the Police Court daily. Mr. Gordon, in reply, said he* was fully alive to the difficulty, and he agreed with Mr. Solomon-Senior that the present practice was undesirable. He had already given considerable thought to the subject, and if Parliament would allow him to re main in office he would endeavour to intro duce a Bill dealing with it at an early date. He believed a rough draft of the proposed measure had already been pre pared, and he would welcome any sugges tions which the^nembers of the Association could give before finally settling it. The Minister's announcement was received with cheers. ' To-day's issue of 'The Register' com (trises ten pages. The* railway revenue for the week ended June 16 amounted? to £20,450, against £20,167 for the . same period last year, showing an increase of £283. A meeting of the Executive Council was held on Wednesday morning. Only routine business was transacted. The 'Semaphore Searchlight,' edited by Mervyn S. Skipper, is a veritable novelty in the way of literary productions; and the copy of the first issue which the young Edi tor of fourteen years has sent to us U highly creditable. An unpretentious Little quarto, monthly is his, and pro duced by no more eumbrous me chanism than* a chromograph repre sents; ' but it has ite portrait-gallery and other pictorial attractions, its poet, its interviewer, and even its special corres pondent at the seat of war. The 'Search- light' clearly reveals in its youthful owner a journalist iu the making. The following is taken from the letter of a correspondent in the London 'Daily Te legragh:'' — Yesterday I joined a patrol vi siting some of the farmhouses. At one of these the owner laid his hand on his family Bible with an air of smug sanctimonious ness, and said, turning up the whites of his eyes the while; '1 stand by this. I have sworn on that book to be a British subject. I know nothing about the Boers, and have had nothing to do with them since the proclamation' (Lord Roberts's).. Yet in that old villain's house and premises vve found bayonets, entrenching tools, pou ches,' and other equipment taken from the Royal Irish Rifles a few days before. We also found out before we left that be had sect horses to the Boer commando at De H'etsdorp only the previous evening, despite the big* family Bible and his oath upon it to be a British subject. In reply to a ques tion whether he had any grain or forage, the man said that the Boers had taken it ill, and he had no food J. or his own cattle. Yet within a hundred yards of the farm house we found several toas .of excellent grain and a large quantity of forage. Of course we had to take the -worthy and pious aid gentleman's word that he had no horse feed, -and. as this large store of it was lying without an owner on his farm we had it removed to' camp for the use of our horses. No doubt he will get paid for it, but it is more than the old rascal de serves. i America's friendship for».the British Em pire has never been more practically de monstrated than, it was on Thursday kit (says. the London 'Miller'' of May 14)', when the steamer Quito sailed for .Bombay with 5,000 .tons of corn, contributed by Americans for the. relief of the Indian .fa-' mine sufferers. The vessel was chartered for 'the purpose by the United States Go vernment. A large crowd gathered on the pier to see the' vessel start. A short reli gious service was held, and brief addresses expressive of sympathy were made by Ad miral Erben and several prominent clergy men. ..As 'the vessel steamed down the river the British and American flags were displayed together, which evoked hearty cheers. Dr. Wmson and his wife, the well known Indian missionaries, sailed on the Quito. The London 'Daily Telegraph' publishes the following:— 'Great significance isattach- ed to some verseswhieli appear in the leading Africander paper, 'Onsland.' Written ?with an obvious purpose, in. the mast colloquial form of the Tad, each verse ends, 'Pas. op, vrind' (Take care, friend). Freely trans lated, this doggerel, ivhidb. is addressed to Mr...Sehreiner, advises him strongly not to be led or jockeyed by the Governor or any body. 'Your heart is honest and y-cur brain clear, but we fear you sometimes for Eftt hew you were called to the Premiership. What your supporters are called' to please the British authorities docs not matter. But do not play into the hands of Cecil, the child of Mammon. You were chosen Pre mier to watdh over our young country and our c-au^e. Defend us against all foes, and do uot forget your mission.' ; In the absence of Sir John Kennaway, ALL'.,- Sir ilark Stewart presided last mouth over the annual meeting of the Na tive Races and 'the Liquor Traffic United Committee, held at GrosvenorxHouse, Lon dcn. The report, as read by Dr. C. F. Har ford Battersby, recorded the deep loss the committee had sustained by the death of their late President, the Duke of Westmin ster, and then, expressed gratification at the meeting of the Powers at the Brussels Con ference, held at Paris last year, and at the views expiressed there by Sir Francis Plun kett, on behalf of Her Majesty's Govern ment, that the fixed rate of duty was not necessarily, in their opinion, sufficient. The committee arc mueh concerned in securing fuller protection for the native races in South Africa from the liquor traffic, as well a.-3 in the Soudau and Western Africa. Speeches advocating the objects of the com mittee, and pointing out the- evils result ing from strong drink to native races, were delivered by the Chairman and Bishop Barry, in moving the adoption of the re port, Bishop Johnson, and Mr. Perks, M.P., in proposing a vote of regret at the death .of the Duke of Westminster, and Jther gentlemen. At a meeting of the' West Buttenricl (Lincolnshire) Parish Council last montt the Chairman a»ked Mr. Mork, a member to take a scat at the common table,, he having alt the time a table to himself. Mr. Morle refused, as a protest against the tui tion of the majority by which he had bct-r, deprived of the chairmanship. He then took off his coat and sat in his shirt sleeve*, observing that he did so as a protest. against the prccshee of a lady Councillor, Mrs. Gray, who was wearing a sun'tonnet. Said a Yankee to an Irishman — 'Down in Kentucky we have a wonderful machine. You put in a pig at one end, turn the (handle, and out come the sausages at the other. 'Iliat is better than anything you can do in Old Ireland, 1 guess.' Replied the Irishman to the Yankee— 'Oh! no, that's nothing. Why in County Cork we' have a machine just like that, only better. If you don't like the sausages, all you have to do is to put them into the machine again, turn the handle the other way, and out comes the pig kicking and squeaking at the otiier end.' Mr. H. Sutherland Edwards's 'Personal Recollections' is filled with good stories and amusing anecdotes. Here is one which relates to Mr. Frank Marshall, the Shaks pearian scholar:— He had invited a number of friends to dine with him at his house iu Hans-place. The dull moments precedhis the announcement of dinner were being be guiled by stories of nicknames, as applied to various . well-known persons, when Mai shall, after saying how wonderfully applic able some of the sobriquets were, added — 'I wonder no one ever gave me a nick name.' 'Oh, but you have one!' said Cap tain Hawley Smart. Now Frank Marshall had a somewhat cadaverous look, ? with a complexion suggestive of muffins. 'Have I! What is it?' asked the appreciator of appropriate nicknames. 'They all call you the Boiled Ghost,' said Hawley Smart. 'Do they, indeed!' said Marshall, very bitterly. '1 have only one remark to make.' Reserving his observation, he rang the bell, and when the servant appeared, said in a stern voice, 'No dinner, to-day.' Mr. R. W. Sawtell, a Canadian, in the American 'Review of Reviews' describes four visits he oaid to Mr. Blackmore in his white brick two-story dwelling at Tedding ton. The Canadian, with the resourceful ness of the American visitor' to these shores, managed to penetrate as far as Mr. Blackmore's drawmg-room% 'The door opened,' he says, and he saw 'a tall, broad shouldered, full-faced, farmer- like man standing holding the door without coat or vest, necktie or collar, wristbands and col lar, unbuttoned, with a broad smile on his honest-looking countenance,' Mr. Sawtell, during a subsequent visit, suggested that Mr. Blaekmore inherited his literary abili ties from his father. The author of 'Loraa Doone' objected: — 'That could never be, for I never heard that he had any to trans mit; but,' he continued, 'if I have any myself, which I very much doubt, it must have been inherited from my dear mother.' 1 mentioned the fact that I had read 'Lorna Doone' a second time, and enjoyed it better than the first, and he-would prob ably think me an old fool. 'Yes,' he re plied; 'but I know a bigger one, who told me he had read it sixteen times, and meant to read it again. I often wonder whatever people see in that old-fashioued stuff to take such an interest in. They seem never to care for any other of my books, some of which are much better and more interest ing. 'Lorna Doone's' popularity was purely accidental. . . . The junior member or my publishing firm.read.it a second time, and was so impressed with its peculiarities that he got the consent of the firm to issue a -cheap edition, hi one volume. The Mar quis of Lome had recently married the Princess Louise, when a book reviewer un authorizedly stated that the book -was writ ten about the forefathers of Lord Lorne, and then everybody read it out of curiosity, and exhausted nearly a. score of editions, and the demand has continued ever since, and it is now the only book I get anything for.' ? ? . While the Boer envoys were in the Unit ed States Captain Mahan wrote to Messrs! ? Fischer and Wessels that the Free Staters had no quarrel with : Great Britain, but entered into the war simply a,s the allies of the Transvaal. The letter proceeds: — 'Now that the war has not resulted in their victory and the- humiliation of Great Britain, is it becoming to them, as men, tu come whimpering to our people to lay the spectre which they themselves evoked, and to lift from their throats the hands which would not have touched them but for their oxvn rash or magnanimous act? If the I'rce Staters hope to retain the sympathy. and .even the respect of thinking persons, let them act like men, and bear the conse quences of their acts, and not run like babies to the nearest bystanders for com fort. If Spain -had worsted the United States what figure should we have cut in sending a mission to Great Britain asking her to protect our cities and seaboard from r the ravages provoked by our own acts?' Critics of the policy of the British Go vernment in permitting the Newfoundland Legislature to alienate the assets of the colony have all along been fearing that sooner or later the ownership would be split up. This danger (according to the 'Daily Express') has now come to pass. Mr. R. G. Reid, who acquired the railways, dock, telegraph, and postal services, nearly the whole of the mineral lands of the inte rior, and a monopoly of the coasting trade for a payment of some £300,000 and certain royalties, now proposes to float a gigantic Company to develop the resources of the island. The capital is to be £5,400,000, and Mr. lleid*is understood to contemplate an immediate visit to London in order to nego tiate the flotation. ~'1 This is how the Lord Chief Justice's best efforts to suppress secret commissions i-, defeated in the shoe trade. The case is cited by the 'Shoe and Leather Record'— the case of a buyer who is looking over samples, and the seller, having discovered what seems likely 'to suit, remarks casually, 'Ah! thait would suit you. 1 dare' bel you ten pounds to tenpenec that you could not buy £500 worth of that line in a year/' The buyer takes the bst, and if he win— which, of course, he can if he choose^ — he practically puts 2 per cent, of the price intc his own pocket. It was a 2-oz. and not a 20-oz. nugget which was given to ML* Lulu Gillespie qu her voyage to England. The chief attraction for Ladies at Bii-ks' Sadc is the extraordinary value of their HIGH-CLASS MANTLES, of Whkh about sixty are on view, ranging from 39/6 to 90/. These prices represent very little more than half the value of the goods. They never fail to elicit the admiration of every one who fa vours the firm with a visit of inspection, and will probably be sold out within a few weeks. . nl66c A splendid assortment- of Carriage and Tea veiling. Wraps from. Twelve Siiillings and Sixpence upwards, and a line ' of Men's Fawn Covert Coats at Twenty-one Shillings and Sixpence are worth inspection at Chas. Bilks & Co.'s Half-yearly bale. nl59i; : Any one who is a judge of the quality, of Woollens should inspect the cheap Suitings and Trouscriugs which Messrs. Chas. Birks and Co. are. making up at special_pricos luring the currency of .their Winter Sale. . nl59c ?' The 'Garden and Field' for June begins Volume 26\. -'ow is a good time to subscribe. Only as. lid. a. year. Articles on Heating Greenhouses, Satiou»l Foods, best Grapes for Home Garden, Minorca Fowls, .to. Every Gardener, Farmer, and Poultry keeppr should take it. nl53thsc 