The Humorist. The wisest men will gladly borrow From wit end mirth surcease from sorrow. Teacher: Do you know what a franchise is? P 11 nil : Not exactly: but I know it's something you grab. He: How shockingly the Countess flirts. She: She does lier best, poor thing, and she's had lots of practice. He: Darling, .would you be offended if I should ask to kiss you? She (ambiguously) : 1 feci of fended that you should ask. "The question is, do we owe what wo are to heredity or to environment?" "Blest if I know which is the' more to blame for it." Lisa: How much have repairs cost you since vrtii'va Vtcon viiHriff a. hlevcle? C0cil<?" Repairs to what— myself or the bicycle? Cobble: You seem to feel it very much to think that she jilted you. Stone : 1 do. Jt wiil now take me years to get out of debt. "I thought you intended raising chickens on your suburban place?" "So 1 did, but as it is frequently under water, I raise ducks in stead." The Sweet Young Thing: I wonder ho wit :s there is no good English equivalent for "fiance?"' The Savage Bachelor: How about "idiot?" Lady Client: "Which do you consider the most difficult problem in law with which you have had to deal? Her Solicitor: My mother-in- latv. Young Mother: I can't imagine what makes th ebaby cry so. Young Father: I'll bet he heard ine say I managed to get a little sleep last night. Nurse: It's time for your nourishmer ""w. Mr Peppery. Mr Peppery (who is cony;.;., scent) : Hang nourishment. What I want is something to cat. . "No, Jimmy, you can't have sugar on your bread and butter; your father says we must eco nomise now." 'Well, ma, lei's quit blackin' our shoes." Mr Baggie: Confound that t ailor! These trousers are a mile, too long. Mrs Bagige: How much shall I turn them up? Baggie: About halt an inch. May: You didn't go to the theatre with your Cousin Tom, after all! I thought your fiance had no objection. Mabel: He hadn't. That's v/liy I didn't go. Downer: I am very glad it is good form not to" wear a watch with a dress suit. Upper: Why? Downer: Because I never have my watch and dress-suit at the same time. Fair American: Some of the women are he- coming quite masculine in their attire. "Yes; if it keeps up, the Prince of Wales will soon be . setting the fashion of -both sexes." "My memory is getting bad." "Is that so?" "Yes. When a man acts friendly with me I'm scared to death. I can't remember whether I owe him money or he owes ma" "Now, honestly, Maud, dldn.'t Jack propose last evening?" "Why, ye-e'es. But how did you guess?" "I noticed that you didn't have that worried look this morning?" The Butler: Hand heavery night at the bdur of midnight the ghost happears and groans and wrings its hands. American Tourist: Ah! must have died in the cucumber season. "Profanity," said the long-haired passenger, "is so utterly useless." "Wrong," said the ebort-haired passenger, "I can make my wife hopping mad any time by swearing a little." Little Boy: Pa, who was Shy lock? Pa: Great goodness, boy! You attend Church and Sunday school every week and don't know who Shv- lock was! "Go and read your Bible, sir! "What are that young man's intentions?" asked the anxious parent. "Heally father," re plied the dutiful daughter, "I cannot say. 1 confess that when he calls I am often in the dark." "Have I got the 'pleasing expression' you want?" asked Mr Gubbins, "Yes, sir," re plied the photographer. -1 think that will do very well. "Then hurry up, please, it hurts my face." She: I'll grant that your income would bo enough for us to marry, if only you didn't have such expensive fads. He: I? Expensive fads? What expensive fads have I? She: Me, for one. "Hello, Smith, suppose a man marries his first wife's step-sister's aunt, what relation is he too her?" "First wife — um — step-aunt — cr — let me see, I don't know." Bright Fellow: He's her husband. Mrs Poplin: Mr Chiffon may be a wealthy man, as you say; but I know this much, that bis wife does not Jiave money cuough to dives on. Mr Poplin: Of course not. ?Co woman ever did. Mrs Bingo You must he careful what you say to the cook, dear, or she will leave. Dingo: Why was 1 hard on lier? Wore you! Why any one would have though you were talking to me. "I can't engage you, for my friend, the .councillor's wife, discharged you for eaves dropping." "You can't imagine barnnpc? what 1 heard in that house!" "tyell, I'll give you a trial, after all." Mrs Smythe: Before we. .were married you used to pretend that you liked to have me sit on your lap for an entire evening. Smythe: Yes; and. you used to. pretend that you prefer red to sit 011 a chair. Teacher: Now, Tommy, can you tell me what a mortgage is? Tommy: Yes'm. It's some thing the villain forecloses on the heroine's father at the end of the second act, so that ho can marry fic-r." "How many girls did you make love to bc- fereo you met me?" demanded bis hotter half, at the close of a long tirade. "Twelve," groan ed her husband. "But I never counted them up until it was too late!" Wife: Do you know what you remind me of? Husband: No; but I do know what you re mind me of. Wife: What? Husband: Or every littloo thing I forgc-t to attend to that you ask me about. Edwin: Aud now, darling, before we part, how are we to keep our marriage a. profound secret? Angelina (promptly): Nothing easier, Edwin, dear. You have only to behave to me as you have always done,, and 110 one will suspect me. . "I hardly think," said the lawyer, "that you can get a separation from your wife on ac count of her making a practice of throwing things at the dog." "Bui," said the man with the haggard look and black eye, "every time she throws at the dog she hits me!" "What's an ambush?" asked Child Dorothy. "A bush that grows hams,"answerc-d Boy Tom. "Oh! now I understand what they mean when they 6ay that British officers grow rasher and rasher," said Child Dorothy. "Yes, they sow the whirlwind and'get captured by the Boers," was Pa's comment. a teacner or music- in one or iue public schools of the south desired to impress the pu pils with the meaning of the signs "I" and "fl" in a song they were about to sing. After ex plaining that "f" meant forte, he sail: Now, children, if "£" means forte, what does "If" mean? Silence reigned for a moment, and then he was astonished to hear a bright little fellow shout : Eighty! The Modern Enoch Arden: Well, it is a little more than twenty years, since I went away, and now I find that you have married aud bur ied two husbands during my absence from home. Mrs Arden: Three, not two, Enoch. Enoch Arden: Ah, well! They must have been a pretty poor lot. I notice that none of '.em mended the garden gate that was broken when I left. Hamlet Hiccough, the tragedian, was ex patiating on his career in the Shakespearian drama. "I suppose you had a long run iu every city?" suggested on admiring listeucr, "Aye, marry," returned Mr Hiccough. "I probably had some of the longest runs in the history of the stage. But," be added with an air of con scious pride, "you can bet your spare tin they never .caught me!" 