SHORT STORY. TI10 Marbles Tripped ihe Lady, i. 1 Hullo ! What do I see ? Two boys groping in the mud — playing marbleB in the road P Not my hoys, surely P Not after tho locturo I road them yostordiiy upon tho dangor — topedostrians— of. street JII.ILUIU piuyiug r .auu yon — i\0! . . . Yob ! I fool positivo they are a couple of my scholars. Daniel Shawloy and Harry Tuft ! — and so nbBorbod iu tho game that they aro unconscious of my lioar prox- mity. 'Now, what's to be done?' quoriedthe master of the Voluntary School. Inclina tion bids mo walk tho other way, seeing nothing j but duty says 'Catch the de linquents red- handed.' Doar, dear ! Such a simple-minded game as marblos is ! xi uu j. nave wnrnea me noys against it. 1 have written it down a capital offence, a public dangor, and ' Mr. Raplingham sighed doeply. It was a pastimo in which he himself — half a century back — had excelled mightily. It was a pastime — huBh ! never lot the Vol untary School boyB get wind of it — in whioh Mr. Raplingham, aged sixty, storn, unbending schoolmaster, still indulgod, in tho privacy of his study. 'Such a fascinating game!' repoated Mr. Baplingham, as he Btrodo away to the oxeoution of his duty. 'And fifty years ago I was tho veriest culprit. Still' —lie straightened his scholarly back and etiffenod his drooping shoulders — 'since I have ordered the game to be numbered with the crimes I must collar tho orimmals. It was at an exciting moment that Mr. Baplingham strode to tiio oxocution of his duty. Dan Shawloy had won so per sistently that Harry Tuft was fingering his last marble. With tho greatest cara —and a moderalo amount of luck — the losor ronlisod that ho might yet regain the cherished store of marbles that jingled in Dan's pocket, and in the boy's faco was mirrored all the concentrated judgment ho was bringing into play over this final a' ot . ICnucldes to ground, marble poirod fin ger and thumb, little Tuft gazed anxiously and nervously at tho two marblos that, j i. e „ nv tvu uaaj tiugic ituu uiauhlluu iiUiii each other, might well bo worn in one shot. _ Mr. Baplinghnui's eyes took in the situation at a glance as he came up, un noticed. His lips parted as if to speak, but after remaining in that attitudo for a minute they automatically closed again. Tho interest in the game had seized him. His eyos wore devouring the situation groedilv. Suddenly he spoke. ' Lowor J ho said, in a voice of tense excitement. 'Knuckles lower, boy. You will never hit it if yeu cook your fingers up like that.' The schoolmaster's voioe struck the as tonished boys like a swish from a birch. With one accord they sprang to their feet. But the movement did pot detract from Mr. Baplingham's interest in the game. In fact, to the boys' unlimited amazement, that gentleman had dropped upon one lcnee and, picking up tho marble that had fallen from young Tuft's paralysed hand, fingered it with the eaBy confidence of the expert. 'Watch ma, boy!' he said. 'Knuckles down like that. Marble easy, bo ; thumb strong, bnt not rigid. Hit the first marble yonder slightly on the side, bo as to' cannon neatly into the seoond like — that 1' 'P»»ii.vn !' Dan Shawleys ovation swung the school master book to his sixty years of age. In the privacy of his study whore, with the marbles confiscated during lessons, the schoolmaster wnB wont to talk and laugh to himself while he played with an imaginary opponent, there was never any applause. Mr. Baplingham stood upright, con scious of the indignity of the prooeeding. Then he became aware of an approaching vehicle (the Battleys' viotoria) and hot blood suffused bis cheeks. If the Battleys (Major Battley, the Chief Constable, was a manager of the Voluntary School) had seen him on one knee playing marbles in the road with- ! He walked rapidly onward, conscious that tho BattleyB victoria had pulled up in the vicinity of his degradation. Had they seen him f and had they pulled up to question those boys upon the singular speotacle . of a schoolmaster knooling to play marbles with his scholars at the rond- sidef. c. ; , 'If so, I oan never outlive.the disgrace!' sighed the bewildered man.- 'I shall bo obliged to leave the sohooland, in some far-away town, to Beek a livelihood at the age of sixty 1' II. Major Battley was choleric with rage as, next day ho hurried into the schoolroom. ' I've said it before, sir, but without effect. I now repoat it, and look to you, Mr. Baplingham, to put the order into execution. Marble playing in the public thoroughfare must cease at once!' ex- olaimed the Chief Constable. ' I will see to it, Major Battley,' softly OUUUQU UUB DUUUUlUinObVlt The major surveyed the assembled scholars from beneath contracted brows ' I wonder if he spotted ub ?' whispered Harry Tuft to his neighbour. No 1' replied Dan Shawley. ' Old Baplingham daren't give us away,' chuckled Tuft. ' Shut up 1' Baid Dan. ' Old Bap's shivoring in his shoes. Doesn't he look miserable. I say, Dan, if ' ' Shut up 1' And Dan gave his friend an effective poke in the ribs. 'If s simply disgraceful,' continued the major, ' that a lady cannot atop from her oarriage in the public road without trip ping over marbles left about by a set of young scallywags.' ' I trust the lady was not injured,' said Mr. Baplingham, who would have given a month's salary to know whether his par ticipation in the game of marbles was sus pected by the major. 'Nothing beyond bruiBes/ testily re plied the Chief Constable, 'but ladies don't like tumbling about in the road, and this is the third complaint I've recoivod from ladies who have slipped and fallen over these young monkeyB playthings. This time the victim was one of my own family- The lady, was getting out of the carriage to pick a bunch of berries at the roadside 1 she gathered a bancli of bruises instead.' He glared across at the shivering boy, and added : ' I'd give the young rips who left tho marbless on the footpath a oool licking if I could lay hands on them. But the little cowards ran away when they saw tho mis- ohief they had done, and they haven't the. courage to own up now.' The schoolmaster released a broath of glad relief. The boys had run away ; therefore it was probable that his own share in the game was unsuspected. Ho glanced at Dan Shawley. Would he con- foss ? ' I'll birch tho firBt boy the police catch marble plnyiug in tho public highway 1' declared tho Chief Constable and strutted out of school, Mr. Baplingham watched him, and tho ghost of a smile illumined his thin lips and sparkled faintly through his glasses— tho smilo of dangor averted. Ho was ?o absorbed that ho did not soo Dan Shawloy slip out through a back classroom, from whioh he hastonod down a back thorough fare thet slid goutly down into tho High Street. .elt ho stoppod and gazed anxiously in all directions. But the major was not in sight. 'Ho can't have got out of sight if he came Hub way,' commented Dan, 'yet ho isn't in sight anyway ; therefore he didn't coiuothis road; thoroforo ho wont across tho fields, which is tho only other way.' Euclid had not been dunned into Dan Shawloy s head for nothing. He turned on his his hoel and . rotraeing his steps, dashed past the school and gained tho fields. Half a mile distant the major was quiotiy pursuing his way towards the Battleys' residonce, tho srnoko from a cigar leaving the trail of a miniature n. pross train. Dan hoppod across tho stile and started in pursuit. Tho country was flat as a pan cako and well-nigh naked of vogotation. In tho distnnco clustered a few weathei'-bsaten, partly dismantled hayricks. Tho footpath passed tho rickB ; tho major followed tho winding footpath j Dan Shawloy struck a bee-line across the soddsn fields, hoping to intercept tho major near tho cluster. Thus it came about that Dan saw tho man concealed behind the largest of tho hayricks, while the major remained ignor ant of tho fellow's presence. More than that, Dan saw that thy fellow in hiding hold a rifle, and, more suggestive still, was taking an occasional sight at the fillinf naiinfuVlla'o (I — in.mn r.1. .'1 a W U JAgUlVj uping a corner of tho rick that sholtsrod him from view as a gun roBt. Dan's heart began to bump at tho dis covery. The man's motive was obviously to shoot Major Battley as soon as that gallaut officer should present a good enough target. Dau's mouth opened to omit a yell of warning ; but it snapped to again without omitting the yell. Thou it was that Dan, who could run, began to do it j and as ho ran, his oyes, wild-looking and feverish, twitched to and fro in tho linos of sight that respectively covered tho chief constable and his wait ing assailant. Iwice within the next t.ivn inimifiu Major Dattley stood still, obviously hesitating botween continuing his present routo and returning to the town, and on each occasion tlio man boliind tho hay- lick took careful aim, while Dan Shawley's throat filled with a ready shout of warning. But tho major continued his way, and Dan gained distance at each moment of indecision. Tho ground was soft after the autumn floods; but for that tho man, intent upon his victim, must have heard the flying steps. Yet lie didn't; and to Dan it was just a question whether tho major would pass the hayrick— and get shot— before he himself could got within touch of tho shooter. The first of tho cluster of hayricks shut the major from the boy's eyes. Dan shovelled on tho coal of determination until his voice broko in such resounding sobs that only the intensely absorbing nature of tho deed ho was about to commit could have prevented them from reaching the desperado's ears. But tho latter was peering intently round the rick, and his ears wero only for tho major's firm footstops on the gravel footway. Suddenly, between the ricks, tho major caught a glimpse of the flying sohoolboy, vunreg, tiLUUU BElll. XllllE Was TOO desperado's opportunity. Twenty yards or so separated tho shooter and the man to be shot. Tho desperado ran his eye along the sightless barrel. ' Now, my gallant major !' he muttered, I've got yor ! Last year you got me six months' hard for poachin' — with violence. That was your day; this is ' The man with the gun felt something at his ankles, and with thoughts of a stray dog, kicked backward with a vigorous foot. Then ho tried to turn round and attack his advorsnry from the front ; but Dan Shawloy dragged the seoond ankle so vigorously from under tho man's body that the latter fell faco forward to the ground with the helpless thwack of a man taken unawares. ' Craok !' cried the riflo, for tho fellow's hand had been ready on the trigger. III. ' If you please, sir, it was mo who was playing marbles in the road when .Mrs. Mrs. Battly fell over yesterday aftornoon.' Major Battley, who had followed Dan at the first glance of his fleeting figure through the hayricks, and come up to him in time to see the boy's plucky assault upon the poaoher (who, self-shot through tho arm, novor attomptod to rise) stared at tho diminutive lad for a whole minute before he broke into a loud peal of laughter. ' What's that got to do with this villain who was evidently waiting to shoot me as I passed ?' he asked. ' You're a queer little chap.' ' I saw yoa in school this morning, sir.' And I remember that I saw yon. If you wore the boy 1 was asking tor, why didn't you speak up and.admit your guilt?' Because——' Dau's eyes sought the ground, then wandered up the hayrick and down again. ' Because I didn't want to — then, sir.' But why not ?' persisted tho major, possessing himself of the gun and esti mating his prisoner's wound with the cool ness of a man who had seen some rough sorvice. 'Why not?' ' I — I'd rather not toll you, sir.' ' A Beoret ?' ' If it is, nobody asked ma to keep it,' asserted Dan.' Then you won't tell me.' ' I'd rather not, sir.' ' But see how curious you leave me I' 'I'd take it aB a favour, sir, if you wouldn't ask me,' added Dan. ' Well,' said the major, ' you stand con victed of having thrown a lady on bar faco through your carelessness in rolling marbles about tile public thoroughfares, but on my honour £ can't scold you foi it. sesintr what vou've iuafc done for me.' And tho major allowed the matter to drop, but later on, when the poaoher had been secured in the town hospital, and the major was turning over tho ovents of the day, he received a note frem Mr. Baplingham, confessing his shave in tho game of marbles that had ended so awk wardly for Mrs. Battley. And the Chief Constable understood. ' Plucky little kid,' ho exolaimod ; ' he wouldn't give his schoolmaster away. I must see that youngster again. He saved my life. If the iucidont had happened, in front of the enemy ho would have got the V.C. He ought to be a soldier.' To Mr. Baplingham tho major wrote : ' Thanks for your explanation. Let tho incident drop. I saw nothing — I shall say nothing. I.suffer from a boyish weak ness myself — top-spinning on the quiet.' During tho last hundred years there has been a great declino in the art of porce lain manufacture in China. Tho so-called Imperial manufactory, however, continues to produce choice specimens. It is a noteworthy fact that in Utah there'is not one Irish Mormon. 