1 RUTH. I _ (Itv Rev. Alexander 'YYliyte. D.P.) Hi* same is icy raotbar. —Our J-»ora. -35 The Hook of Ruth is a perfect gem.; The lioolc of,Ruth is an apple of gold in a picture of siiver.Coinposed in David’s day.and compos rj to keep in memory a famous mother of hi?, the Hook of Ruth was a sift, altogether fit to he offered to a king: and it was an altogether and an eminently fit gift to such a king a> David was. It must have been Nathan the prophet who wrote tlio Book of Ruth and-laid it down at the king’s feet as a coronation, offer ing. or a bridal or a*birthday, gift. He who spake to David the parable of the poor man with the one ewe lamb was just the penman to compose the story of “The gleaner maid. Meek ancestress of him who sang the songs \- Of sore repentance in his sorrowful mood.” Yes. Nathan was just tho strong, tender, and original hand,to shape and to set this exquis ite gem that shines so sweetly among the early links of David and of Jesus Christ. "The his torical things in this Book of Ruth,” says Jon athan Edwards, “seem to ho inserted in the canon of Scripture, especially on two accounts. And. first, because Jesus Christ was of Ruth’s posterity. The Holy Ghost thought fit to take particular notice of that marriage of Boat with Ruth, whence.sprang the Saviour of the world. We may often observe it.” adds Edwards,"that the Holy, Spirit, who indited the Holy Scrip tures, often takes notice of little things, ur minute occurrences, that do. but remotely ro lato to Jesus Christ.” ' Both the Bible and all the books after the Bible are full of FINE STORIES OF LOVE. The love of the mother for her child. The love of the lover for her ho loves. The love of the brother for the sister. The love of Jonathan for David, and David for Jonathan. The love of Paul for his people Israel. The lovq of Christ for His own, and for all men. and so on. But neither in the Bible, nor anywhere else that I know of. is there another such story of love void as the love of Ruth for Naomi: the love of this Moabite daughter-in-law for her Heb rew mother-in-law. Ruth's love for her dead husband’s decayed mother is as pure as gold, and as strong as death. Many waters eonnot quench Ruth’s love. And her confession of her love, when she is. constrained to confess it. is tlie most beautiful confession of love in all the world. The world has nothing after Ruth’s confession of love like it. “And Naomi said un to her two daugliters-in-law. Go return each to your mother's house; the Lord deal kindly with you, as ye have dealt with the dead, and with me. And Ruth said. “Intreat me not to leave tliec, or to return from following after thee; for whither thou goest; I will go. and where thou lodgest, .1 will lodge; tliy people shall be my people, and tliy God my God; where thou dicst, will I.die, and there will I be buried.' Tise Lord do so to me, and more also, if aught bul death part thee and me.” No. . There is uotliiug again like it. ; “THE SAME IS MY MOTHER.” “She clave to her mother-in-law,” adds the prophet; Ruths’ heart was so full of the cords of love to Naomi that those strong cords drew her out of the land of Moab, and knit her deep into the lineage of Israel, and into the ancestry of Jesus Christ. And thus it is that our great seer discovers Ruth seated on her , glorious ■stool in the rose of the seventh heaven beside the glorious stools of tho greatest dames of scriptural story—Mary, and Eve, and Rachel, and Beatrice, and Rebecca. Before Rutli had given Naomi the full proof of her love, the des olate woman had bestowed her highest praise on Ruth’s past love, not only as a wife, but still more as a daughter-in-law-. The Lord deal kindly with thee, as thou hast dealt with the dead, and with me.. And the women of Ec-th leliem at once caught up this quite singular feature of Ruth’s affection when they came to congratulate Naomi on tho birth of Obed, “Thy daughter-in-law,” they said to Naomi, “which lovetli thee, and which is better to thee than seveu sous, hath borne him.” And in this salu tation of theirs the women of Jerusalem are in entire harmony with tho whole world about Ruth’s so pure, and so noble, and so unusual love. Every language spoken among men has its own stock of cruel proverbs and satires and lampoons at the expense of their mothers-iu law. But Ruth and Naomi go far to redeem that relationship from nil that obloquy. No only daughter of her own body could have been so devoted to Naomi as her son’s young Moab ite widow was. All the relationships of human life demand faith, and love, and patience, and forbearance, and good temper, and good sense, and good taste, and good feeling: but, perhaps, above all the other relationships of life, that of mother-in-law and daughter-in-law demands all those gifts and graces. But, then, the relationship that offers scope and opera tion and reward for all those gifts of heart and graces of character is just that relation ship that should be entered on by all men and women with much watchfulness, solicitious uess, prayer, tenderness, sympathy, and loyal ty; in short, with the mind and heart of Ruth, that Moabitess maiden, and Naomi, that mother in Israel, that widow indeed. Moses was as much opposed to Ruth’s mar riage as he had been to Jephthali’s. A Moabite woman shall never be married by an Israelite man if I can help it, said that revengeful old law-giver; not to ten generations shall any of their off-spring enter tlie congregation of the Lord. Yes, said Naomi, who had made up her mind to tlie interdicted marriage—Yes, she said to her more conservative and scrupulous husband, as she milked her kino under the top of Pisgah—Yes, she said, but mar riage laws are made foi- men and women, and not men and women for marriage'j laws. And had Moses l:r<-n here, she went on; had Moses been famished out of Bcthlehem Judali, as we have been; and had he been re ceived and entertained by Ruth’s and Orpah’s fathers and mothers, as we have been, ho would to a certainty have torn that angry leaf out or his law. Depeud upon it, she said, as she saw her husband beginning to give way, .depend upon it, -Moses had altogether other Moabites in his mind’s eye than Rutli and Orpuh, and their so hospitable fathers, when he set down liis RETALIATORY MARRIAGE LAWS. And Klimelech at last gave way. Nehemiab also, as well as Moses, visited the iniquity of the Moabite fathers upon the Moabite children to too many generations. For that merciless reformer and iconoclast contended with, and smote with his fists, and forcibly divorced the men of Jerusalem who had married Moab ite women in liis day. But there again, this is to be said for Nehemiah, that tlie law-break ers of his day had not married such dear, sweet generous-hearted women as Ruth and OrpaU were. “Because their fathers met not the chil-. dren of Israel with bread and with water,” j said Nehemiah. But, then, that was just what j Ruth and Orpah and their fathers had done. They had met Elimelech, and Naomi, and Mahlon, and Cbiliou, not with bread and water only, but with wine, and milk, and honey, and spices, and all manner of Moabite fruits, till the ’and of Moab became to that faniislied-out family of Betlileliem-Judali a land of Moab indeed, a most delectable mountain, a place to dwell in, and to seo their sons and their sons’ sons settled in. And thus it came about that those two Israelite youths, Mahlon and Chilian, were married to those two Moabite maidens, Orpah and Ruth. And thus, through ail that, it came about in God’s providence that a rich stream of Moabite blood ran first in King David’s - veins, and then through David’s veins 'into-the veins of a far greater King- than' David. After the death of Eiimelech. Naomi was a widow after Paul's own heart. NAOMI WAS A WIDOW INDEED. She was'desolate, hut she trusted God. and con tinued in supplication and prayer night and day. She was in behavior likewise as becom etli holiness. She taught the Moabite young women about her to be sober, to love- their husbands, to love their children, to be discreet, chaste, and keepers at home. In short, she I taught them to bo wives and mothers in Moab like the Wives and mothers iti Israel. I feel 'sure wo shall not be far wrong to trace up a great part of Ruth’s courage, devotion.' extra ordinary loyalty, and exquisite love, not so much to Naomi's schooliug as to her example. She, no doubt, had something to get over, as well as her husband, when the two marriages first began to dawn upon her. At the beginn ing she. too. had her own struggle with her Hebrew pride when she saw that her two He brew-born sons were not to be married into some of the oldest and best of the families of Bethlehem-Judah. But when she saw that was not to he, she bore no grudge against the two Moabite maidens, but went over to their side, ■ and stood up for them against both Moses and Elimeiech, and Nrbemiah. And thcn,: now among the joys of marriages, and now among tiie sorrows of death-beds, Naomi showed to those two Moabite women what a widowed wife and mother had to rest- on in Israel: and one, at least, of her daughters-in-!aw laid the les sen and-the example well to heart. Yes; be hind all the nobleness, steadfastness, beauty, and tenderness of P-utli. I see inspiring aud sustaining and maturing it ali, the wise, chas tened, weaned mind of one who was a mother in Israel and a widow in Israel indeed. : 