THE ANGLICAN CHURCH, A CONSECRATION SERVICE. A large number of people, mainly i members of the Anglican Churches at Perth, Fremantle, Subiaco, Claremont, and Cottesloe, yesterday met at Karra katta, where the Anglican portion of the cemetery was impressively consecrated. The ceremgnv commenced on the arrival of the 3.30 p.m. trains from Perth and Fremantle, when Bishop Riley was met at the entrance by the clerev. The chairman of the Cemetery Board (Mr. J. W. Hackett, M.L.C.) read a petition from the congregations of St. George'. St. Alban's, St. Bartholomew's, St. John's, St. Mary's, and St. Paul's Churches of Perth, Subiaco, Claremont, and Cottesloe, asking to have the buria' ground consecrated. The Bishop in timated his willingness to proceed witn the consecration, and requested Mi. Hackett, as chairman of the trustees of the cemetery, to lead the procession. With Mr. Hackett was Mr. J. H. Hunt. the secretary of the Cemetery Board, and the curator (Mr. Campbell). Then followed the choirs from the Cathalral and St. Alban's, Highgate, and St. Luke's, Cottesloe, under the directi m c; Mr. D'Arcy-Irvine (the Cathedral or ganist). The clergy came next, amongst those present being Dean Goldsmith, Archdeacons Watkins and Howell Gri ffith, Canons Louch, Groser, and Gar land, Revs. R. H. Moore T. McClemans, W. J. McUlemans, T. Nesbitt, W. F. Marshall, J. Needham, A. G. Cutts, T. Peters, J.f'Ellis, F. J. Price, the last three being the Dean, Canon Garland bearing the pastoral staff, and the 6is hop. The procession, which was follbw ed by, a larme number of people, wended its way round the burial ground singing hymns and psalms. After the circuit had been completed, a halt was made in the shade of one of the big trees near the entrance, and the Bishop repeated the Lord's Prayer, the people joining in. The first lesson from Genesis, ch. xxiii., was read by Archdeacon Watkins, and after a psalm the second lesson was read by the Dean. The singing of '"unc Di mittis" was followed by the declaration of the Apostles' Creed. The collect fol lowed, and then the Bishop, taking the pastoral staff. in hand, pronounced the consecration as follows :--"By virtue of our sacred office in the Church of God, we do now consecrate and forever set apart from all profane and common uses this ground to be the resting-slace of the dead, dntil the glorious resurrection of the last day. in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." The deed of consecration was then read by the Registrar (Canon Gar land), the united choirs singing the hymn "They whose course on earth is o'er.' The Bishop then made a brief address to the assemblage. He thought they were all probably aware that the general ceme tery had been granted to the people by the Crown. The board of management of the cemetery had nortioned out cer tain lots to the various churches. They liked to have their burial grounds conse crated, and on behalf of the people and on his own behalf he wished to extend their grateful thanks to the board and he hoped that Mr. Hackett would convey to the other members of the board their thanks for granting them a perpetual lease of the erouna. Consecrations of cemeteries did no harm to anyone, but it was a -ions, old custom of the mother country, and they were accordingly grateful to those -who had permitted them having the service that day. He hoped that the example set on this occa sion would be followed by all the other cemetery boards in the colony, so that they could have all their burial grounds consecrated. In the first lesson read they had evidence of the purchase , by money of a burial-place for the dead. The Jews had taken care to obtain a rest ing-place for those that died. A ceme tery was a resting-place where their loved ones could rest until the last day. Now that they had certain proof of the resurrection day, lie thought that the funerals should be made more bright and cheerful, and he would like to see fune rals made more simple. A few flowers used to be sent by the friends of the bereaved people as evidence of goodwill, but when flowers had to be purchased, he thought it was a great tax on the people. In connection with the funeral service, he spoke of the difliculty of getting the people to join in. There was one want the- wished to have supplied. They wanted a cemetery chapel belonging to themselves, where they could hold a ser vice, instead of in the open, in the heat of summer and cold of winter. He had no doubt that., as he had now mentioned it, someone would, come forward and assist them to have the chapel supplied. He desired to thank the cemetery offi cials for the thoughtfulness they had shown and for the care and attention they had bestowed on the cemetery. They should come there with joy and gladness, in the knowledge that though the saints had been gathered in. they would meet them again on the bright shore of the beyond. It was because they believed in the resurrection that they could go on hopefully. Another hymn followed, and the Bishop having pronounced the Benediction, the cere mony terminated. DEDICATION OF THE BISHOP'S CHAPEL. On Saturday night, at the Bishop's chapel recently built, was performed by Bishop Riley Amongst those present were the Dean, Alchdeacon Griffith. Ca nons Louch, Groser. and Garland. Revs. IR. H. Moore. T. M3cClemans, W J. McClemans. F. I. Holmes, E. S. Sa ville, C. Ruddleston. S. S. Bulleni. R. Craggs, T. E. Peters, F. J. Price, C. E. C. Lefroy. and J. Needham. The Dean said the "Evensong," Rev F. J. Price acting as precentor. Archdeacon Griffith and Rev. C. E. C. Lefroy read the lessons. and Canon Garland the licence, whilst the Rev. Mr. Lefroy acted as staff- bearer. The chapel was dedi cated to St. Cross. that being the chuch of whi:ch the Bishop's father was vicar. The Bishop stated that all of the furniture in the chapel was of some special interest. The altar had been made from an old one in the Guildford church: the prayer-cldek was used many years ago in the York church; the alms dish was made from a piece of wood over a thousand years old, which was found below the bed of a river in the old coun try: the altar- desk was that used in his father's church for twenty years; and the linen was the gift of friends in Eng land. Dr. Riley expressed special gratitude to Mr. Raymond. late of Kal gorlie, who, before leaving for South Africa. had made a handsome donation towaids the building of the chapel. SYNOD St NDAY. MISSIONAR-Y SERVICES. Yes: erday.theSunday immediately pre ceding Synod, was devoted by the Angli car Church to a special missionary effort. In all the churcaes in the metropolitan district sermons were -reached to large congregations, the nreachers selecting subjects connected with missions. The Bishop officiated at St. George's Cathedral in the morning. There was a large congregation, and the clergy pre sent were Deal ..oldsmith, the Rev. Canon Garland. and the Rev. A. Craggs. His Lordship preached from Ephesians 4\. 18 and 19 verses: "Having the under standing darkened. being alienated from the life of (God th?oggh the iggorgpace ... 0 gec that is in them because of the blindness of their hearts-who being past feeling have given themselves over. unto lasciv iousness to work all uncleanness with greediness." The Bishop sAremarks were directed against the indifferentism of Christians. not only in relation to mis sionary effort, but also with respect to any work having for its object the moral and social well- being of the community. unt there was, he added another great reason for the lack of assistance in mis sionary effort. That was that in these days people expected quick returns for their money. It was not so in the olden days. The people were content then to en"end their money and their energy and not expect to see, themselvs. the result. Take, for instance, art and literature. Ruskin had said that they would never again see any buildiugi in the world like the beautiful Gothic cathedrals. The reason was that men, in those days, were so filled with their art that they were willinv to devote all their time, energy, and money to the production of buildings which took years to complete. It was the same with literature. Now the -eople required that a building should be erected at once, whilst most of the modern literature showed the result of hurry. In lbuild ing un character, however, we could not see results so quickly, and although complaints were- made that very little had been done by missionaries, yet if people would only take the trouble to read the monthly reports of the mission societies, they would find them infinitely more interesting than they imagined, and they would see that the result was something wonderful. Apart altogether from the religious aspect of missionary enterprise, that was Dreaching abroad the knowledge of Christ. one branch of the work, the medical side, amply re paid the money that had been snent on the whole of the missionary work. The suffering that had been relieved by the medical missionary doctors was im mense, and in itself that was sufficient to repay any work that the churches had done. There had been two celebra tions this year. that of the Society for the Proporation of the Gospel in Eng land, its bi-centenary and their own Jubilee Board of Missions. The first mentioned society had been formed to carry on the work of the church amongst the colonists and in a wonderful manner had it done that work. There was vast work for the Church to do among the aborigines of Australia, the aliens who were living in these colonies, and the heathens in the world. They all knew that the- were commanded by Christ to preach the Gos pel to them. He urged them to give up their indifference and to do even a little. for hitherto they in this colony had done nothinpg worth mentioning in the direc tion of missionary work. The Rev. R. H. Moore conducted the evening service at the Cathedral, and 'again the congregation was good. The Rev. E. Gordon Savile officiated at St. John's Fremantle, in the morn ing, and the Bishop in the evening, as sisted by Archdeacon Watkins. His Lordship took as his text Daniel 3-18. He impressed upon his hearers that, in asmuch as the missionary snirit in the United Kingdom had impelled the people at home, to contribute largely to the funds of the diocese year after year, the least the people in this colony could do was to give up their indifference and try to do something to repay the debt of gratitude which the Church here owed to the missionary societies. At St. John's, the Ven. Archdeacon Watkins preached in the moinling, and the Rev. F. R. Holmes in the evening. At St. Alban's, the preachers' were the Ven. Archdeacon Howell Griffith in the morning, and the Rev. H. Darling in the evening. At St. Paul's, the sermons were by the Rev. S. S.. Bullen in the morning, and the Rev. C. Hudleston in the evening. The Rev. W. Sharp preached in the morning, and the Rev. S. Asquith in the evening, at St. Mary's. At St. Bartholomew's, the preachers were the Rev. T. McClemans in the morning, and the Rev. W. F. Marshall in the evening. The Rev. E. Saunders and the Rev. Canon Louch preached in the morning and evening respectively at Subisaco. The preachers at St. Barna bas'. Leederville, were the Rev. H. Pitts in the morning, and the Rev. W. Sharp in the evening: and at South Perth, the Rev. H. Darling in the morning, and the Rev. T. M. Nesbitt in the evening. At Victoria Park the preachers were morning, Rev. A. T. Croswell and even ing, Rev. R. J. Craggs; and on the same occasions at Christ Church, Clare mont, the Rev. F.: R. Holmes and Ven. Archdeacon Howell Griffith respectively. 