Dangerous Secrecy, COMPLETE JN THIS ISSUE. by E. KERR-LAWSON. COEYBiariT. 1-. OF course you will come . to Hen ley; with me on Monday, Dick?" "W e 1 , there is a certain final ity in your wav of nut- ting the question that would seem to leave mo no alternative.' But say, Tom, you seem quite regatta mnd this year. Why in the name of all." that's mysterious are you so anxious to go to Heniey? I don't want to go — and only two months ago you told me that regattas bored you to death. What's gono wiong with the works?" Dick Merrivnlei helped himself to a cigar, and passed tho box to his companion, eye ing him the while. The. latter selected a mild Flor de Cuba and proceeded, in sil ence, to hide himself in clouds of .fragrant smoke. At length a voice came out from the enveloping fragrance : "It's a girl, Dick. But-, say, old chap, we shan't have any sarcasms, if you don't mind. I wasn't going to tell you. anything about it until I hud sprung the surprise on you at Henley: But you're so beastly observant that it's useless to hide anything from you. Dick, she's — What are you laughing at?" "I'm not laughing, - Tom, you idiot," said Merrivale consolingly. " I'm interested for your sake, old chap. Tell me what she's like. And if you- are sensible and givo me a good description I, too, will be confidential and tell you of a girl you do not know. Firo away, Tom." ''Thanks, Dick. I'm glad you take mo seriously. Well, old man, I've known her now for three months — met her at a little social gathering at Maidenhead ; and since then I've been in heaven and hell alter nately, according as she smiled or frowned. I've been popping down to see her several times a week, and you've never smelled a rat till now. What is .she like? Dick, you might as well ask me to gaze full into tho face of the noon sun and describe its dazz ling beauty. But I'll do my best. " She is neither tall nor short, and her figure is a model of perfect feminine beauty. There is an indcscribabio grace about her every gesture that holds one spellbound. Her eyes aro large and blue and fathom less; her cheeks are like the sun-kissed Canadian peach ; her hair is abundant, fair and fluffy, and plays about her face in elfin love-locks ; her hands are of the tiniest, and dimpled like a baby's. But, hung me, Dick, I couldn't do her justice — she's un angel; and now, Dick, get up and congratulate me, for we are engaged !" But Dick Merrivale did not get up. He still ' sat gazing blankly before him. His face was ashy pale, and despair was writ ten plainly in bis every feature. " Torn," ho said, in a sort of gasp, " did you say sho was neither tall nor short — had blue eyes and fair, iluffy hair?" " Yes," said Tom Stringer, looking puzzled. "And you met her at Maidenhead?" "Yes." "Does she live there?" " No. Sho lives at Taplow— about a mile away." Merrivale almost staggered at this an nouncement. 'Tom," he cried, in a hoarse whisper, ".tell me — is it Miss Browiilie?" Yes." II. "Feel better- now, Dick?" asked Tom Stringer, supporting bis friend's head with one hand whilo - he held a glass of spirits in the other. ".Thanks, old man. I'll be all -right now," answered Merrivale, sitting up. " Sorry for making such a fool of myself, Tom." " But there's more than foolishness in this matter, Dick," said Torn seriously, " and you've got to tell mo all about it." " So I shall, Tom ; but not now — not to night. I could not stand it. Come over to-morrow about ten and you shall have a .full explanation. But believe inc, old man, I congratulate you with all my heart. And now do, like a good fellow, run awav homo and leave'me alone. I want to think and realise things." " All right, Dick. I won't stop to bother you if you feel that way. But you will explain everything in the morning?" " Yes, Tom." " And we undcrsiaud one another, Dick. If there's trouble on the board I'm to have my share. Yon understand?" "Yes, old man; but in this case the thorns must all bo mine, tho roses belong to you. Now go, Tom, and good night." " Good night, Dick." There was an earnest wring of hands and an exohaugc of meaning glances, and Tom Stringer reluctantly left his friend with his trouble. For a long, time Merrivalo sat gazing into vacancy, trying to "realise tilings." Then he rose up, a haggard of the Merri vale that had sat down but two hours ago to enjoy a smoke and a little banter with his friend. He tottered over to" his writing-desk, and took up pen and paper. Then ho opened ii little; drawer and took out a neatly-tied packet of letters. Ho kissed the packet, then hesitated as if undecided what he should do. Finally lie cut the string, and going over to the fireplace made a little heap of the .letters iu the empty grate, aud set fire to it. After which lio went back to the desk, and began to write : "Dear Miss Brownlie, — " Three months ago it was my fool's privilege to address you in nearer' terms. (That is all changed now. Meantime I do not propose to criticise your conduct, but do you not think your method of getting rid of me was rather cruel? Would it not have been kinder to liuvo told mo long ago that you did not love me? I return you herewith tho -little kerchief which you said I might keep in pledge of your lore. Give it to Tom, to whom it properly be-- longs. I have but one last request to make. Be kinder to Tom than you have beeu to me. " Yours faithfully, " Richard Merriyai.i:." From his pooket-book Merrivale took a tiny lace handkerchief, and placed it with tho letter in an envelope, which he ad dressed and scaled. This done, ho took fresh paper and began to write again. "My Dear Old Tom, — !' When-' you have read this you will not wonder that I did not stay to Bay good-, bye. Eorgivo me, old man, but I know you would try to . keep mo back. I want to go' to tho devil' quickly, and am taking tho shortest route I know . of, via Paris. Tho Posto Restunto will find me .if any thing important turns up. "Now for the explanation I promised you. I-tnet Miss Brownlio first about a year ago. Sho was living- with an old 'aunt at Maidenhead, while she studied music. The rest of tho family, whom I . havo never met, had their home at Taplow, but at that time were -on. a prolonged visit, to America. Acquaintance soon gave place to friendship between Miss Brownlie and myself, and on my part, at least, to a much warraor feeling. I began to perse cute, her with: attentions, and, fool that I was, I thought I was encouraged. I per suaded her to correspoied - with mo,' which she did — out of pity, I suppose. Then I became hopeful, and began to run down to Maidenhead nearly ovory day, neglect ing. my work woefully, and, you know, I had -that B.A. exam, to write off. Evi dently she saw the danger I was -ill, and ono day sho met me with a very serious countenance and' told me she did not in- tend to be .the ' cause of my failure ; that) she bad' decided not to see me or write to ine again until I had secured my de gree. That was somewhat over three mouths ago, and, us you know, I have writ ten my exam., and am waiting the result. " Of course she was tired of me, aud wanted to. let. me down as easy as possible, and there is no blame whatever attached to lier. I've been .a blind fool, and bave brought about my own ruin, but that is no reason why you should not bo happy with the most beautiful girl in the world. And so, old fellow, I wish you joy — you and your lovely wife that is to be;' Don't for get the good old bachelor days, though, .and drop me a line when you can. Good bye. Tom. — Yours ever. " Dick." "There!" said Merrivale, sitting back with a sigh of relief. " That job's over. There's no use in my telling Tom what I think of tier conduct. As long as she loves him, what does it matter? And now for the dizzy whirl of forgetfulness." Merrivale began to pack his Gladstone bag. III. " Oh, Tom, what a pleasant surprise ! I did not expect you down before Henley Regatta.- But wbat is the matter, Tom? You look so pale and anxious!" No, Tom's description had not done her justice. Hcr's was a beauty that beggars description. And as she stood on. the lawn .just now, in a white and green airy sum mer costume, she looked delicate and dazz ling as a dream figure of fairyland. "What is the matter, Tom?" she per sisted. "Read that, Lilian." It was Dick's letter to Torn. With a startled look on her lovely face -Lilian took the manuscript and began to rorid. "At first the colour entirely left her cheeks; then it returned flush to the temples. Then the ghost of a smile hovered about the corners of hoi- pretty mouth and lurked- in her blue eyes. "Well?" said Tom, watching her closeiy. For answer Lilian threw herself into a rustic gurden chair and gave expression , to her feelings iu peal after peal of delightful rippling laughter. "Oh, Tom," she cried, clapping her tiny hands with delight, " Jthis is too, too funny. You must telegraph aeSonce to that crazy hoy at the Posto Kesfante, and tell him to come hack immediately', it's all a comedy of errors. Tom, this is all my fault-. Yon have never vet seen my sister Gertrude, and she and I had arranged to play a joke on you at Henley. Tom, Gertrude ami I are twins. But wbat a sly little minx sho is '. She wormed my secret out' of me long ago, yet sho has never told me a word of her affaire dc cocur. Oh, it is all us plain as day. Sho has been making love whilo wo were all in America, and then, knowing her power over her victim, has been wise enough to make him win his honour first —then her hand. Has he been successful in his examination?" "Yes, dear Lil. The results were pub lished this morning. He came off with first-class honours." "Then I shall get on mv liat and wa will go to tho telegraph office. We will then come back, and see Gertrude.". In the Cafe au Cadrau de la l'oste sat Dick -Merrivnje, a picture of abject- despair. He had come to I'aris with the fixed re solve of going to the dogs quickly. He would plunge into the whirl of dissipation until there was nothing of his original self left. But ns yet lie had. only got as far as a glass of claret. It began to dawn on him that if he had been a fool in the first in stance iu supposing that Gertrude cared for him, this was no veason why. he should jump from the pan of folly into the fire of insanity. Why should he wreck his life for the sake of a heartless girl? No. He would lot her see that he could manage to exist and do his life work without her. He would stay away .for a. while for Tom's sake, but as for going to the dogs — bah I He would mount to the top of the tree in spite of her. It was impossible, however! for him to work up a feeling of liate against the girl that had so shamefully wronged him. Her sweet fnce haunted him still in all its rav ishing lovoliness. Was it possible that she, the sweet-voiced, the tender-hearted, could willingly have done such a thing? At last he strolled out of the cafe, and, cutting across the Rue du Louvre, entered the Hotel des Postes. Hardly expeting any letter, ho inquired if there might bo one. "N'y a rien, monsieur." chirped the ener getic little Frenchman in charge. Merrivale turned to go, when the same bird-like voice arrested him. " Tcnez, monsieur 1 11 y a uno tc'.e- granime.". Merrivale seized the blue enve lope eagerly, and a look of pleasure passed over his face as his quick eye noted the significant address : Richard Merrivale, B.A., Poste Restanto, Paris. "That's from Tom," he said to himself. "And I've passed my exam, all right. But, after all, what does it matter now?" But his eye opened wider and wider as he read tile telegram : . "Dick, you hopeless idiot, come back at once. It- is Lilian, not Gertrude, Brownlie I am going to marry. They are twins. Result of cxiini. published to-day,, and N \»nn liPfifl llin Mpftf; «« fill n.f. "HnillfiV- House-hoal ' Cygnet.'- -Tom." 