w; ^p«!^;s«i»P3 mmmfssm- ? [?] ^Tv-i ^ ' '',! ,??'.? ? .. ' J0WTB30HP J - _?, HO WyuW it w»» Christina* BveP'-rald Helen Dal .Tyjn'Jile, ? swaying mtn 8ul taneeque languor and luxury in her rook ing chair unthesontti piazza, looking at the orange trees benS. ing beneath their burthen of ruddy-ripe golden fruit, die tall slim pines, the graceful 'yellow, pinee' of the Booth, their feathery crowns of foliage traced In delicate pencilling against the burning azure of a sky almost tnu . Wnd in its light and colour. It was ouly the hour after early breakfast, yet the sun beams already poured in a broad level blaze on the piazza, and danced in a dazzle of din monds on the lake, that was as pure a bine a- ttm shining sky. It was as fair a scene as the eye could desire, yet Helen spoke with a sort of in ?'' voluntary sigh. 'Who would ever think it was Christmas Eve P' .'Vlsn't it lovely F' said her sister Mary, with smiling content. Sweet Maty Western, happily married ana settled in this fair Florida home, had ceased to sigh for her native land. ?? Yes, it's lovely, if onlv one didn't see su muoh of it ! But what I should like to see now would be frost and snow or even a good thick yellow London fog !' 'I'm afraid even John could not oblige you with that here, though I think he is not very far behind the French king (which one was it t) who bad the ground covered with salt when the lady of his heart conceived a perverse desire to go sleighing in summer.' ?' John spoils me, and I'm afraid he's not the only one that does,' rejoined Helen, smil ng and stretching out her hand to her sister. ?' I don't think we've spoilt you, Nell ! ' said Mary Weston, patting the pretty hand. ' But I think John would, if he could.' ' He is verv good,' the younger sister said, less lightly. ?' He is ! ' Mrs. Weston agreed emphati cally. ' And yon ue very fond of him, aren't you f ' with a touch of anxiety which she did not intend to betray, but which wan plain as the sun in the heaven to Helen's quick perception. *? Yes, I am,' she answered sincerely ; 'I should be very ungrateful if I wasn't 1 But I do wish he would take me home for a honeymoon trip ! ' she added, with only half-playful pntulance, ' Everybody goes to England on their bridal trip.' 'Not everybody, dear.' ' Well, everybody who can afford it, end John can afford anything he likes !' ' But, you see, it is John's business keeps him here.' 'Ob, yes, I know. I dare say it seems just a perverse fancy of mine, like longing for a sleigh ride in summer, for mow in this 'I'm afraid, dear Nell, you get a little homesick sometimes.' ' Do I, Mary ?' with a curious smile. «' Ton think so P' 'I in afraid so, sometimes, dear. But you'll settle down all happily and comfortably when once you are married ond in your own ' Yours has been home to me, Mary !' ' And you have helped to make it a real home to me. I might have felt a little strange and fur-away even with Fred, if it had not been for you. And now I must go and help Chloe make the cakes.' ' And I'll come and do the minoepiea,' said Helen oheerfully. ' No, no, Nell ; I won't have you getting tired and flushed over the stove ; John will be ooming soou.' 'Poor, dear Mary !' said Helen to her self, as her sister hastened away on household cares intent. ' She only thinks I am home sick. If she only knew how tired I am of oranges and pinetreea ! And she's so anxious, poor dear, to be assured that I am really fond of John ! Dear, good John ! the only thing I'm afraid of is that he is too good for me ! But I shall be able to rank* him happy, I think. Anyhow, I'll do my beet. And I'm sure I shall be happy with him, as happy as any woman can expect to be, after the first dream is over !' She sighed as her thoughts went back to that ' first dream.' 'Walter,' sbejnurmured. 'Poor Walter ! Ifhe had lived!' Visions of another Christmas rose before her. Walter was helping her to put up the holly. They two were lingering over their gtod-night in the hall. He was folding a wrap round her as she went out into the chill of tile white wintry night with him to look at the snow glittering in the moonlight . Oh, for that 'white Christmas' of four years ago! 'My poor boy! My poor boy!' Helen said softly to herself. ' To think that the cold, cruel sea, the deep, dreadful sea, rolls over ki» head ! and that no one, no one, will ever, ever know the truth !' She . shuddered and clasped her hands, and the bright colours of the tunny landscape grew dim to her eyes. Bat when Jolm Axms.txoo.g, h«t stalwart lover, came, the smite was ready to greet him on her lips. She was very fond of John, and the past was past ; the present, though it did seem a littU dull sometime*, a little pale and tame beside that poor dead past, and vet full of hope ; thanks to John ! Sheltered by his love, surely she would b^ safe from the sting of memory, even from the insidious gnawing of DeuwenkseM. He was so strong, it gave her a satisfying sense of pro tection ftnd safety to be with him. He had the muscles of a gladiator, and yet, with all Ml rough, uncultivated ways, the gentleness of a woman. Helen lored the mingling of half rough fome and reverent tenderness about him, and often auured herself that she really loved him very muoh, though ahe was not very lavish of protestations or caresses — Which indeed wen not much in Helen Dai tymple'* way. ?John was English, too. Perhaps, if ha had not been her oompatriot, be might have ?-o»ndhis Helen harder to win. There were many English settled in this part of Florida, but few as fortunate as John Armstrong. Everything he touched teemed to prosper, and now In winning Helen's troth he bad won hia crowning fortune— his heart's desire. His sun-bronzed and somewhat rugged featured face was beaming, as he drew his shall u olow aa it could be drawn to hers, and took possession of her hand and felt the ^-*^Ander fingers rest in his big palm as if it were their home. 'Do you know, darling, this ii the hap piest Christmas I've ever had f ' he said. 'Since you were a boy!' *a* rejoined, laughingly. 'But you don't know anything about me when I was a boy? ' he uWuWW, smiling tsfcappr teaponte: ' Oh yes, I know that you w«m very muoh tike other boys ! You wen bapgr when to ?tuff yourself with mlnoepfai Tbd plum pudding, and pull crackers and play snap dragon, was your highest ideal of happiness 1 And yon were happy when you kissed the girls-under the mistletoe ! ' MBnt never' half so happy as now that I ?an kiss my girl without the mutletoo J Mv Seleo, ?darling, *W wobW /you like to do to 'lr*ep .our Christmas to Morrow f Shull we h-ve a drive in the eranjlng and a jiionio supper in the woods by moonlight f' .''? ?; ' : Oh, John, where is your Mue nf the fitting P' John looked puzzled. '„; .-:??? -V \- 'I want to do anything that would please you, dearest. f What would please yon f . /.'OhjInorL'titnbw. ScAaps a good old fashioned English frost, or a Tjonddn ' tog, or a sleigh-ride !' recalling her ? conversation witb her abler. '! Kothing I can yire:yonf' he «aid, with ashadeofdiMppoiiitjnOTt ' - 'John, dear, you're too good!' she said, with a sudden gush of tenderness. .'Iflon't deserve that you should get me anything: ! Mikry said, to me just now that she thought I was a little home aiok-^and t suppose thutV Just what I am 1 . Oh, John, couldn't we «:« home in spring on a little honeymoon tripf' ' I'm afraid not, darling ; perhaps some time, hut not now. Helen, can't you be happy here f . You know I'll do all I can.' 'Indeed I do know it, yon are the- best and. dearest of old Johns 1' she answered, more lightly, with her sweetest smile. 'JjeTen,'1 he said, after a thoughtful pause, in whioh his genial face had grown grave, ' do you know that I feel sad some times, fearing that the life here won't content you, that you'll be thinking of England us 'home!' And I wonder sometimes whether it isn't because it was in England that— that you remember you told me, darling, bleu* your truthful transparent soul, that wouldn't keep any secret from me, my sweetheart ! that there was — some one you — liked there some one who is dead.' ' Need we talk of him P' said Helen more ooldly. 'No, no, darling, not if it hurts you ! But it hurts me to think that there's a pain in that memory stalll I'd like to take all pain, all trouble, from you, even any pain of the past! Fd draw the Bring from your memory if I could P' ' No memory can sting me very sharply while I have yon, John,' she answered with an impulse of sell -reproachful, half remorse ful tenderness. ' And I won't give way to home sickness any more if it gives you the least bit of pain ! Don't trouble yourself. John, about the ghost of yesterday) To uorrow is yours !' * ' And to-day P ' he urged. 'Is to-day— lividedF Or is it all mine P' ' I think it looks as if it were all yours,' she said, softly, as he kissed her. 'Let yester day rest, John, rest with the hut year's snows in England ! And let us go and pick oranges to-day f And there are some guavas still. I should like some for lunch. We never see them at home except in jelly, do we f After all, there are some good things in the sunny south ! ' she added, with a lapse into her old, light, laughing tone. ' There arc guavas, and grape-fruit, and you ! ' John Armstrong went away happy. One thing only now troubled him, he could not make up his mind what to give Helen for a Christmas present. Blundering fellow that he was ! he reproached himself, not to have thought over it before. He went to the best jeweller's in Giralda, the nearest Urge town, where, having but little time to spare, and being unable to make up his mind in haste on the spot, he ordered a selection of choice trinkets to bo sent to his rooms, for his leisurely inspection. Every one in Girnldu knew John Armstrong, and there was no difficulty made about entrusting the jewels to his care. He was looking in anxious oogitation. from the contents -of one velvet-lined case to another, as they were set out before him on the table, when there was a tap at the door, and the negro 'ball-boy' announced, 'Mr. Lawrence, Bah, wants to know ef he kin see you.' 'Why, certainly. Show Mr. Lawrence up. Come in, Lawrence, glad to see you, and a merry Christmas to you, my dear fellow !' ' The same to you ! I see I needn't ask how you are !' said the visitor, glancing at John Armstrong's healthy brown face. 'Oh, I'm all right— right as a trivet! And yon P how have you been? All right too, I hopep Grove flourishing F' ' Yes, all going on well. I've oome up to Giralda on a little business, and you're the first person I've looked up.' '? That's right, that's all right !' said Arm strong, bearjaly, ' I've been thinking of run ning down to Tampa, and then I'd have been the one to look you up; bnt I've had my bands full lately ; it's been a busy time, though it's not been all business ! You've just oome in the nick of time now, to give me your help and advice. I was jn»t muddling- my brain over these things.' jerking hia head towards the display ou the table. ' Which da you think's the— the b.«t of the lot P The— the most likely to— suit a lady?' Armstrong was Btdmineririg and the colour rose in his bronzed cheek. 'A ladyP Ah!' said Lawrence, with a smile. ' Pleasure as well as business been keeping you about here, I see?' ' Yee, you see, well, the faet is, I'm going to be married.' 'Heartiest oongratnlatiea&j; eld fellow! The young lady's luoky — {hat I know ! and so are you, I hope ! ' ' I just am !' said Armstrongemphatically. ' Wait till you see her ! ' ' When she will be wearing one of these, I expect ! ' suggested Lawrence. He was a younger inun than Armstrong, fairer and of slighter build, with a tawny beard, honest, kindly blue eyes, a pleasant, though rather -:-d, smile, and a generally rather grave, Thoughtful expression. He was sympatheti cally willing to help the perplexed lover in his ohoioe of a gift, whioh was fortunate, as poor John had not muoh taste, and was sorely wwildered in his contemplation of the ' em barras de richeases' that lay before him. 'Now this — this is something out of the common, eh P ' he suggested, but hesitat ingly, as deferring to Lawrence's better udgmeat, pointing to a necklace of alligator's teeth lavishly set in gold. ' Or this now P ' indicating a heart- shaped ornament almost big enough to wear as a shield, and adorned with a true lover's knot studded with jewels of all the colours of the rainbow. 'So you think alligators' teeth quite a pretty thing to otasp round a girl's throat P ' Lawrence demurred. 'And isn't this a trine— just a trifle shawy P ' John s oounrenanoe fell. 'She likes everything dainty and deli cate,' he said. ' How about thisF' said Lawrenoe, taking up a simple but costly necklet of a single - string of exquisitely matched pearls. It was Armstrong's turn to demur. ' Don't pearls mean tears f' he rejoined. 'Ah? You wouldn't risk giving her those f' said the younger man, with a smile that ended in a short, quickly- stifled breath like a sigh. 'No, I wouldn't,' said Armstrong, notio ing bis frier ' 'ook with an inttinot of feUow-feelinr You wouldn't either, would you, 1 ' de, if you were ehoosing — something fur auinebody P' 'No, I suppose I should be supenritious, too. Bnt there's nobody— now f and Tve had all the superstition snd fanoy and romance pretty well knocked out of me.*' 'There's nobody now,' Armttxong re peated his words. 'There,' be added, delicately and heKttatugift ?- then was some body onoe, then f' 'Onoe!' Lawrocw eeaoed, looking down at the pearl ueoklaoe. When the ohoioe wai Inallv made of a (lender gold bracelet with a four-lnaved ?hamrook in dfamomh ('All women like diamonds,' the two men had agreed), the eomndei sat down with a pipe and glass, asd than Armstrong referred, in hia frankly sympathetic, if blundering way to Lawrence's late admission. 'I'm afraid my— my asking you about that,' nodding towards the bracelet, 'recalls things to you ! ' 'They haven't got far to be recalled, they lie near the surface,' the younger man replied, gloomily. 'There was so.nehody, and it ? it— didn't come to anything F ' Armstrong ventured. his heart softened by his own happiness bis sympathy too ainoere to be iutru-ive. * '/heiW^a'mAoai atleiuitltopa' »W does; She's far awarr-I (ball never »« h* again. Bat . somehow OhristxaiMi * Amy*. nmkesmethinkof olddttya,'' Armstrong nodded in nilent oompnhmiiioii Lawrence paused « mmueat, . then added willi dmottbanhabruptuwc: ? ???' - V Look here, Armstrong, I'va often though' of UJling you. I was very near itmore thsii onoe, whenyou wure bhuu aguod 6huui'*o me at Ooala. The but U I--I left Eugbind. under a cloudf * My Very luuoe— well, itV ray own, for I waB oUristeued Lawrence u* my second spkme,' but ft** poi iag ,p-ai^uf . name. -Tliarea«it-the«of usherewhoha^ come out tif the way, uldid, bat .not fliituy shadowed by a cloud as blaak an mine,' ? r ;:4*;Wha»r was it, iny bdjf «sked John Armstrong, fraternally. . -? Oh, I've not bolted from the law,'- Lawrence said quiokly. 'I stand ule.tr of thAt, I think. But it's tlis aunpioiob, of whioh I feel I shall liever be dear.lf 'SbB anspeoted— beliovetl ill of yuiiP' 'God bless bar— uo. She declared sbe had faith in me. But no one else bad. I couldn't, ask her to marry uie under a oloud, to take my name with the stain ou it. I uauie abmad tu live it down, and the ship in which I'd tak-n my passage wan wracked — you remember the disaster of the Columbia P I was supposed to have been on board ; my name was m th° list of lost. But at the last minute an accident had prevented mynailiug. No one knew at home that I had not sailed. Tupy all believe that T went down with the Oolumba and the reJt of her unlucky pas sengers and crew.' M 'And ahe believes It, too P' 'She must, what else can ahe think F It is better so. I decided sot to write and tell her I was saf6.' ,- . ' She may Ik grieving — mourning f or j ou, ' suggested Armstrong. ' for a time— yes. But it is beat as' it is— for her. She is young ; the thought of me and my trouble would be a more lasting aloud on her bright girlhood than the thought of my death. I wonld never have married her unless I could give her a staislesH name. She will be happier, not knowing. She believed me innocent — that is my comfort. Lttt her believe me dead, for her own peace.' 'It's a sad state of things/1 mused Arm strong. 'And what — what was the— 'he hesitated for a time— 'the trouble,' he finished. 'They called it murder — an ugly word, isn't it f Bnt whatever it was, 1 had uo hand in it. If any man killed Philip Strettuu, it was not I!' 'Philip Strettou !' John Armstrong started. His back wai to the light, so Lawrenoe could not see how hia hmilthy colour paled. 'Yes, you remember the case, I see P 1 own it did look black against me. He wan my cousin, and I his heir — though it would have been the other way rouud, he would have been my heir, and I should have stood in bJB shoes, U my grandfather had not made an unfair will. I had been imprudent— 1 was in a little difficulty — and I whh foolish enough to' ask Philip for a loan, only au ad vance for three months. He said thing's that cut me. There was a eoreuest ibetweeu us, Iowu, but I would never have injured a hair of his head. You remember, pjrhapa, bow I wit arrested, remanded — all the miserable story P There was not evidence enough agaiust me tu send the case for trial, but there was enough to make people believe me guilty— to make me feel a pariah and an outcast— to make uu cast, aside my father's name as a tarnished and unclean thiufr — to drive me into exile here, a a dead mau, dead to his own land and his own people.' ' It's a sad business, ' saii Armstrong, his voice strangely husky. ' Iruuieinber hearing of it.' A pause; then he added: 'But, Lawrence, I »iy, old ohum, aren't you per haps a bit over-sensitive* about people — suspecting your1' ' Over-Bsnaitive ! Wheu l'.ve seen wuuwu turn aside to avoid recognising me — when the very children have, started ut me as if I wuru a wild beast ! But thore, talking of it can't mend matters.' He filled his glass hastily ; hishaud shook as he rained it to his lips. John Armstrong's brimming glass stood untouched by his side. ' Another knock at tie door, and the entrance of a second visitor— tbis time a genial and somewhat boisterous one, to wioh the compli ments of the s&aaon;, interrupted the conver sation, rather to die relief of both Armstroni; and Lawrence, and it was much to the host's relief when both his vudtors departed. Left alone at last, he ecoud by [he window deep in troubled thought, staring out across the rough sandy road with eyes that cuuid uot aee. ' I never dreamt of this, ' he said to him self, his lips framing the words without sound, as men who have lived mu--h alone often get the habit of communing with them selves. 'This comes of shirking, or trying to shirk. One can't shirk u thin*— it will follow one. If it were not fur Helen, now. It's plain enough— die thing to do. It stares me in the face. But Helen, who trusts me. I must think of her first. Yet that boy. He s been wronged enough. He wouldn't marry his girl with a stained ' name. Can I marry my girl with a Btained con science? His girl in England stuck to him. Maybe mine n-uuld stiok to me. Would sbe, though F It's an ngly story to tell her. Still, if she's got grit enough to stand it ? .She doesn't look'like one that would weaken and wilt away from a man because of some thing in his past — though it does look rather a black busiuesi. I'll see. I'll souud her. God forgive me '. I'm a coward where she's concerned. I see tbe right thing plain enough. But I cau't — I cau't. No, she's my all ! I can risk the losing her !' Helen was sauntering in the orange-grove in the moonlight alone. She was glad to be alone, fur somehow this Christmas Eve she waa haunted by memories of that other Christmas with Walter four years ago ! That past was dead and buried, but its ghost walked sometimes. Two lines of a poem she had once beard recited kept running in her head : ? ' Bxay for the one beloved, wherever he may be, In the hush of the Christmas midnight he will appear to thee!' How still the inght wail Grove and wood and kite seemed to be sleeping in silanee. Tne inoonbeauu bathed the fair landscape in a silver aea of light, yet left im penetrated the dusky mysteries of shadow in the deeps of ' the dark browed trees.' She thought of that ' white winter ' in England, and the gfcost of the buried past walked in the southern moonlight. Was anything else stirring, too? Wus that a step ? Did a shadow move p Could it be John f But John never came that way through the grove. If it should be a tramp, and she so far from the house P The moving shadow gathered shape and substance, stepped out from the darkness of the bordering trees, and the moonlight fell full upon his face. Helen stopped with a start. Who— what— was itf The moonlight was well-niifh bright as day. The face, the figure that stood out clear in those pure uudHZziiiigbea.mil. the very grgture with which tbe imtu paused at sight of her, all had been familiar to her ouoe ! Was it a ghost P Were the liues that had bean ringing iu her mind prophetio P ' In the hush of the Chmtmu midnight he will appear to thee.' He, too, had pausud at sight of tbe girl's slim white-robed figure i he started as one thunder atrickeu an he looked upon her f iioe, pal* and pure iu the colourless blsze of the semi- tropical moonlight, for while she stared, dumb with doubt and amazement, on the dead alive, he looked ou the living, lost to him, whom ha had deemed five thousand miles away I He was the first to find bis voice. 'Helen, Helen P You— here!' .He stretched out hU hand ; it wai warm with life as it touohed hers, strong with living human strength as it clasped her cold nud trembling fingers. ' Walter, Walter I Aw yon alive P I Ihought— 1 henrd— oh, vns have all uiuuiued jou a« dead.1'., i . . » ^ with the quick, ajwuredttBjil-df^hehapp} . lover. -He lagged and touk ihelongest way. He irilgtot hare #iid, $£be -had *esn jeiiwn: ^? quoting Shiikaipeare; 'ChjitjiU: of jioorpioni u uiy luind.' Tbey bit *nd rtuug, thosi kaake* *ud tempted to tilenoi!, prompted bin with 'subtle -sophistries *-*)r Helen** «ake.H Wm not his fitMtdUty to opars herpaini; Yet he knew that if heyieHedito Ihe *empta4 . linu. lie aJiuuW Jeoliiim«*lf to tie bjstdnyof his life a ^despicable idnuer.. -tfur till ithb^aA Mf had iiot.T6»li«edpwb^*»taddon»,bu- 8ti«tt.uMh«^a« itart 4t»len irittfitbi hiiu: -turu cold to him, ^e^pa- take nerself. oot^tailK On #ift^^^l-ana;%- ww p,)8«ible ttot i*e migbt. notlaa 4lm:! Bill might prove herself brave tod loyal in the oruoial hour. He felt he did not imowHeien; thoruuirhly. She wa*?a. -sweet rose, ??' net, with little wilful thoros;-r' : fie oouldobtteU how. far her prelVy' litHe waywardnew' and girlish oaprioeB wara me» rippl?e on the aurfaoe, what depths ef love Juifl Jsith and oourngB might not lie'in the dspttie beneath. While she sauntewd on .slowly; Seep in thought, hin footfall suunuless on %e loose,' ^andy noil, he heard a voice on tile other side of the slender fringe- of trees . that btirderod the {rrove. ' Not Helen's ' voioe, he had never heard that tone in it. And yet it wai like here— that voioe wiQi the tender thrill, the throb and pulse of living passion, of whioh be.hadnevw known it capable. ? ?, Walter— Walter after all thaw years !' 'My darUng, my darling I' murmured. the man's voioe, shaken and husky, but Lawreuoe4s voioe. f ' ?' - John Anaomuigi wade a, noiseless step forward, looked out iOf the shadow whioh' concealed him from ^ their view, and saw. Helen, his bride-elect, (dinging to. lawrenoe, his arm round her, herj 'Hoe uplifted in' the moonlight tn hia.' for the moment they had forgotten all: the world but each other. She bad forgotten: John, and he the stain upon his name, the cause of his exile. Sbe was first to remember the barrier. 'Oh, Walter, no— no! Let me go ! I must tell jou — I am not free 1' 'la it you, then— you who were engaged to Armstrong P' 'Yes. He is the best and truest of men,' with a sob in her voice- 'Walter, now that we have met, it can only be to part.' John Armstrong heard no more. Had he not been standing there as if stricken to atone, paralysed, he would not have heard so muoh. He turned with a groping, staggering ges ture, like it man reeling, blinded, beneath a fltunniug blow, yetoareful that no sound of his going* should startle them as he went, and left diem there together. The moonlight flooded landscape was black to him ; he seemed to be groping his way through (Treat dark ness, bin face set from the house towards which bis steps had been bent. How could' he face Helen now P It was Helen whom- he bad wronged; it was Helen whom he had robbed of her love, albeit all unwittingly. He had thought of Lawrence's unnamed love as far off, in the old country. But there was lib far-away girl in England — it was Helen, here ! For her dear sake he had thought of keep ing the silence that would have sealed lie sentence of exile from home and love on fjawreuoe — and Lawrence was the man ahe loved. Yet she would keep her faith with him. She had uaid it herself ! And Lawrence j would nut claim her so long aa the stain of suspeoted crime clung to his name. John' Armstrong aaw that he -oonld hold her still ! It was Christmas Day ; the sun shone on the evergreen pines and the glossy foliage of the orauge trees and their golden fruit, and. i-ky and hike were one monotone of radiant azure. John aud Helen were walking iu the. grove, aud both were taciturn aud illat eaae. ' Helen, my girl,' he said breaking a long silence as they drew near the spot where she and Walter had met last night, 'I had bean thinking what I could get you for a Christnuu present, wpijderiug wbat would please you best. And I found out, last night.' ' Last night p , But you didn't come last night?' f. 'Yes, I mime, Helen. I came. I came thin way,' pointing to the border of trees, ?'aud I was here. Isavr — I heard.' Helen started, aud the colour rushed to her face, then ebbing, left it deadly pile. But though she was dismayed, she did not blench. She was too proud to quail as guilt might quail. Karher, there was even a touoh of reproach in her tone hs she answered, ' You were here, Johu P You heard P' ' By accident.' HU bruv.ii die«k flushed now. ' I heard ouly a few words. I hurried away. You don't think that I'd play eavesdropper on purpose, Helen P' ' No. no, John ! But if you heard any thing, I wish you. had heard ail ! Yuu would have understood that I — I was startled, taken by surprise. I had never dreamt that be, Walter, was liviug, when I — when you — ' she hesitated painfully, yet not as one abashed or ashamed— then. added, 'never until last night!' ' 1 know, I know, my brave true-hearted girl !' he said. ' You're not to blame— you've been straight and square.' ' And be,' she interposed, hastily. 'Aud he too,' John Armstrong rejoined, 'he did not know. Nor I, Heleu, do me justice, too ! I did not tuow that the man I chummed with at Ocala, whom I knew as Lawrence, was Walter Stretton.' ' Walter Lawrence Strettou,' she ex ' Yei I know, he has told me, it is his second name,' he said, wincing a little at her eagerness to explain ou his behalf. ' But I did not know that Walter Stretton was the name of the man you cared fur ! We none of uo knew. It's been a chapter of mistakes all round. Bnt now — now I aee what I cau give you, Helen ! I can give you your free dom ' 'John, no — you are too good I' she pro tested with remorseful tenderness — what ib to a man tbe terrible frank tenderness of the woman whu does not love him!' 'No, not that!' be said, recoiling from the word '-jrood' on her lips, 'Wait — wait. Heleu ! till you've heard all. I give you back your freedom and soinetbiug more ! [ give into your hand the uieaus of clearing 'Walter Stretton'B nun*. Tbilin Stretton's death was uo murder ! I ought to kuow, because — because the accident — it was au accident! was brought about by me 1' ' You, John I Oh, John, are you mad P' she fell buck from him with doubt, fear, horror, iu her eyes. ' No. I'm not mad, uuless it's madness to tell you the truth. It was uiy hand caused Philip Stretton's death.' ' Yours P Then, who, what — are you P' ' What I've nlways been, to you aud all the world, plain Johu Armxtrong 1' 'You were them, at Hoi borough at the tiroeP But— how was tbatf and what had you to do with Philip BtrettouF We never knew anything about you.' ' No. You never knew me nor my sister, my poor little sister Lizzie. But Philip Strettou kuew her ; I dam say he didu't talk of her to you. We weren't of your set, you see. You always kuew I never oonoesled from you that I hadn't moved in tbe same clam you'd beeu accmUHued to mix with. You knew that, and wera willing to accept ' Yes I You were yourself to me.' ' Tbnt'e how it is we never met at Hol borough. I was only there now aud then for a time, and we moved iu different orbits. My sinter waa as good a girl as ever breathed, but delicate, a pretty little pale thing, fond of ?books uud poetry. I'hilip Stretton didn't mean anything by bis attention to her— perhaps no harm, perhaps no good. I didn't choose that he should amuse himself making a plaything of her heart. We met on that onely road: I spoke to him — he took the high and mighty tone with me, aud told me to mind my own business. Well, it's no ?Ui l-x ivui £m», Helen, but you cui Kueas ^*Vi»»liir»uj4gh'b«tw«B. ii;.!^*!1 Ufa. i r4»6«utont«or«h8ughtaf aeri(Mninjury*o! Ufewlitnbwhttv I*trui* iiim. But I Waa Jtwng,, and I suppose iu^ny^mjBj-l: bit harder than I meant. It Was just by evil pbajjoe that he fell with bU temple on a ah»r» ? Jtoiw. If I'd lot hint lie aa he fell, it would ;tsve bean. pUUn enough how it happened. But in niy horror and dismay I lifted him ? up, and moved him, trying to taoMi nun to life. It never oocurred to, me,: I was .so stunned, tbat the atone left lyjing there would iave been ^piiosed-io have Jjoau nied *s a weapon,;«flH :tp»l^*at ,^oung' Walter ?fitestto|i would *e '/VWL^dii you .not ooiMiorjrard«nd Jell 'ii/sthfsm, Jaw it'tojron, B&mtitmrtifi; ; rpwj»r4— *or my ..sister's asfkejinore than for ^y^l It wouiahive.k}Ue4L5i*»to ;hiva had, juy name, coupled with ibis death, and, h« name .dragged in and comproiuised, lat it must have been. I thought to save my iiister's good name *nS peaoe of Jnind. It was not until I was -far iway, thai ??! heard how , Walter. Stretton-. h*d been nrrested. and discharged for want of; evidence. I thought the matter ended there | — wasnojnoreoonbem. of mine. But. I see' now, a man's deed is a matter of his life for ever — be can nevor.get away from it 1 ' 'Aud— your sister F' breathed Helen. 'She died ! I took this silence on my conscience for her sake, in vain. I aee now that it waa a crime. -But I didn't know believe me, Helen, I never knew bow Walter 'Stretton had suffered from it. And I didn't know it waa your heart I was nearly break ing! But sow it's not too late to atone to you both. You were his, first. I give, you bask to him! I'll give you a written state ment telling, exactly how Philip Stretton's . death came about. If that's not enough, I'1' go back.to England and make my declaration there.' 'It is enough 1 it shall be enough! You shall ' not go back to run the smallest risk ! Oh, John, I cannot accept this saorifioe from you!' But yet, in her heart, she knew, and he knew, that the sacrifice was already accepted. When Walter Stretton came, obeying a message from Armstrong, to Weston's Grove, he found John and Helen hand locked in hand, and it was hard to say which was the paler in this parting hour. John turned and put Helen's hand iu Walter's. ' ' She lias a great deal to tell you, Law rence,' he said, and his strong voioe shook a little. ' I'll leave you together.' Tears were in Helen's eyes, but Jobu Armstrong smiled, for the heart throb of sacrifice is a pain that stings like joy. He turned away and left them — together. 