THE FOURTH GENERATION. Dy SIR WALTER BESANT.. CHAPTER VII.— (Continued.) ' "So I thought — ending with tho ancient re cluse of whom I told you. Wo are rather proud of this old, old man; this singular being who 1ms been a recluse far seventy years. I havo always known about him. One of the very earliest things I was told wns the miraculous cxlstcuco of this eccentric ancestor. tney torn mo so much, I suppose, because ns I am, as n matter of fact, heir to the estate whenever that hap pens to fall in. But T was never told— I supposo because it is a horrible story — why tho old man became a rceluse. That T only learned yesterday from this dncicnt nunt. who Is tho only daughter of tho still moro ancient rceluse." "Why was It? ! That is— don't let mo aslt about your private affairs." "Not at all. There 13 nothing Hint needn't he proclaimed from tho housetop. Thero never is. There are no private affairs, if wo would only think-so. Well— It seems that one day, seventy years ago, tho brother-in-law of tills gentleman, ,thon a hearLy young fellow of live or six and twenty, was staying at tho I-Iall. Ho went out after breakfast, and was presently found murdered in a wood; and in consequence of hearing this dreadful thing suddenly, his sister, my ancestor's wife, died on tho same day. Tho ancient nunt was born on tho day that, tho mother died. Tho blow, which was certainly very cerrlblo, affected my ancestor's head; ho became at onee what, he is now, a melancholy recluse, taking no longer tho least Interest In a-nything. It is to me very Btrango that a young man, strong physically nnd mentally, should not have shaken off this obses sion." "It does seem very strange. I remember that I had an ancestor murdered somewhere — father of one of my grandmothers. But your caso is different." "The aged aunt told mo the story. She had a theory about some great crime naving been com mitted. -She suggests that the parent of there-' cluso must have been a great, unknown, unsus pected criminal— a lclnd of Glllos de Rotz. Thoro havo been misfortunes scattored about; she re lated a whole string of calamities — ail, slio thinks, In consequence of some crimo committed by this worthy — as mild a Christian, I believe, ns ever followed the hounds or drank a bottle of port." "She Is thinking, of course, of the third and fourth generation. To which do you belong?" "I am of tho- fourth, according to that theory. It Is tempting. It' lends a new distinction to tho family. This lady is immensely proud ot her family." "Of course, lit thoro Is no crime, tliera can bo no consequences. Havo tho misfortunes beon very marked?" "Yes, very marked and unmistakcablo misfor tunes." "What (Iocb your rocluso say about them?" "He Bays nothing. Ho never speaks. Con- staneo, will you rldo over with mo f and see the man and tho place? It is only flvo and twenty miles or so. Tlio roads are dry. Thero is a pietty vlllugo, an old 'church; an eighteenth cen tury house, falling into ruins, great gardens all run to bramble, and thistlo, and a park, besides tho rocluso himself." "The recluso might not like my visit." "He will not notice it. Besides, ho sleeps all the afternoon. When ho is awake, ho sees no body. His eyes go straight through one like tho Rontgen ray. I believer ho Bees tho bones and nothing else." Tho least-frequented of the great high roads, running out, ot 'London is assuredly that which pnBBOS : through Uxbridge, and so right into the heart of the shiro of Buckingham — the homo or clearing or settlement of tho Beeches. Few bioycioB attempt this road, the ordinary cyclist knows or cares nothing for tho attractions. Yot there is much to sea. In one place you can visit tho cottage where Milton: finished "Paradise Lost." It Is still kept just as whan the poet' lived In lt.\ There are churches every two or threo miles, churches memorable for tho most part, and beautiful. Almost every church In this country lms some famous man associated with It. On the right Is the burial-place of the Russclls, with their ancient nianor-liouso, a joy and solaoa tar tlio eyes; also on the right is another ancient nianor-liouso. On the left Is the burial-place of Penn and Elwood, those two Illustrious members of the Society of Friends. Or, alBo on the left, you may turn aside to see tho chunfh and the road and tho bouse of England's greatest patriot. The road goes up and tho road goes down in long, low lillls and long, low valloys. On this sldo nnd on that are woods and copp/ces and parks, with trees scattered about, and country houses. No shire in England is more studded with coun try, houses than this of Bucks. At distances of six or eight miles there stand tho towns. All tlio towns In Bucks nro small; all arc picturesque. All Uave open market-placos nnd town-halls and ancient inns and old houses. I know of ono whore there Is an, Inn ot tlio fourtocnth century. I bavo bad it sketched by a skilful limner, and I call it the Boar's Hcud, EaBtchcap, and I should like to see anybody question the authenticity of tho nnmo. If nuy wcro so daring, I would add the portrait of Jack Falstnff himself, sitting in the great chair by the lire. On a line, clear day ill early May, two cyclists rode through tills country. They woro Leonard and Ills friend Constance. Tliey wont by trafu as tor as Bxbrldgo, and then tliey took tho road. At first, it was enough to breathe tlio pure air of tlio spring. In fly along the quiet road, while the rooks cawed In tlio trees, and over tho fields the lark sang. Then tliey tl row nearer and be gun to talk. "Is tills what you brought ino out to seo?" asked Constance. "I am well content, If this is nil. What a lovely place It Is! And what a lovely air! It is fragrant; the sun brings out tho frugrnnau from the very Holds, us well as the woods." "Thin la the quietest and most beautiful of all ilie roads near London. Hut I am going to show you more. Not all to-day. \Vo must conic again. I will show you Mlltonls cottage and Penn'a burial ground, John Hampden's church and tomb, nnd the old nuuior houso of Chenles and Latimer. To day I am ouiy golug to show you our old family houso. It is now, unfortunately. In a condition of drony. Ynu shall see tho house, and tlio church and lliu 'village. Then, if you like, we will go on to llio nearest town and get souio kind of din ner and go homo by train." "That will please Ilie well." Tliey went on in silence for a while. Leonard took up tho parnblo again about; ills family. "Wo have been in Llio samo place," ho wild, "for nn Immense time. AVo have never produced a great man or a distinguished mail. If you consider it, there are really not enough dis tinguished men to go round tlio families. AVo have twice recently made u bid for a distinguished man. IM y own I'alhor and my grandfather wcro promising politicians, hut they wcro both cut off ia early manhood." "Both? AVlial. a strnngo thing!" "Yes, Part, of what tho ancient aunt calls tho family luck. Wo have had, in fact., nn amazing quantity of hud lnclc. Listen. It is like tho his tory of a Houso driven and scourged by tho hand of Fate." Sho listened wlillo ho went through the terrible list. "AVhy," said, "your list of disaster does really suggest tlio terrible words 'unto the third nnd fourth generation.' I don't wonder at your aunt looking about for a criminal. What had yotir forefathers done?" "Let us got down nnd rest a liltle." They sat down on a stile, and turned tho talk into a moro serious vein. "What havo my forefathers done? Nothing — ot that I am quite certain. Our misfortunes arc all pure bad luck, and nothing else. Those words, however, do force thcmsolveq on one. I am not superstitious, yet slnoo that venerable dame . Howover, this morning I argued with myself. X said, 'It would bo such a terrible Injustice that In nocent children should suffer from their fathers' misdeeds that it cannot bo so.' And then I re membered hearing that thero was somowhero among tho Prophetic Books a passage strongly ex pressing exactly tho opposite opinion. And I found it. Ezoklcl It Is who says words to this effect. Thoy are very fluo words. Do you know them?" "No." "Listen. 'What mean yo that yo uso this pro verb concerning tho 'and of Israel, saying, Tho fothers havo eaten sour grapes, and tho children's toeth aro sot on edge? As I live, salth tho Lord God, you shall. not uso thlB provero any more. Behold, all souls arc mine; as the soul of the father, so also the soul of the son is mine. Tho soul that slnneth, it shall die. But if a man bo just, ho shall surely live.' " "Thoso aro very lino words" — and, indeed, Leonard gavo thom with mudh solemnity. "At 'tho same time, Leonard, . there are .consequences of every act, consequences which may reach far down to many generations. A man loses his fortune and position: down go tho children and the grandchildren. A man makes a great namo and a great fortune: he onnobles his descendants. A man commits a shameful action r not only he, but his children, are disgraced." "Yes, yes, but 'If a man is good he Bhall surely live.' I repeat these words, yet— yet— I confess that I havo been shaken by the revelations of tho- old lady. They explain so much. Now I under stand why my mother's sorrowful eyes woro always resting upon ine, as If In exopcctatlon. Sho was looking for some disaster, and I understand wky I was kept in ignorance of thoso things. I began to ho haunted by tlio 'third and fourth generation' words ; so that It was lllco a direct mossago to road this passage of the Hebrew pro phet." : "It is very direct certainly." "And 'I havo taken all (ho misfortunes in turn. Thoy have nothing to do with heredity. My great grandfather had his head turned by a great trouble. Ills son commits suicide. AA'liy? No body knows. Tlio young sailor is drowned. Why? Because he Is a sailor. Tho daughter marries boneath.hor station. Why? Becauso. sho was motherless and fatherless and neglected. My own father died young. Why? Because fever carried him off." "Leonard," Constance laid her hand upon his arm, "do not argue the ease any more. Leave it. A thing like this may easily become morbid. It may occupy your thoughts too much." "Let mo forget It, by all means; At present I confess tlio question Is always with me." , "It explains something in your manner, yester day nnd to-day. You, are always serious, but now you aro absent-minded. You havo begun to think too much about theso troubles." Ho smllod. "I am serious, I suppose, from the way In which I was brought up. AVe lived in Cornwall, right In the country, closo to thi! sea shore, with no houses near us, until I went to school. It was a very quiet household; my grandmother and my mother wore both hi widows' weeds. . Thero was very little talking, and no laughing or mirth of any kind within the house, and always, as I now understand, tho memory of that mlafcrtune and the dread of now misfortunes were upon those unhappy Indies. Thoy did not tell mo anything, but I felt the sadness of the house. I supposo it mado me a quiet boy — wlth- . out much Inclination to tho light heart that pos sessed most ot my fellows." "1 am glad you have told mo," sho replied. "It brings you closer. For now I understand yon belter." Thoy mounted their cyclos, and resumed the journey in silence for some miles. "Look!" ho cried. "There is our old place." Ho pointed across a park. At tho end of it stood a houso of red brick, with red tiles and slacks of red chimnoys; a liouse of two storeys only. In front was a carriage drive, but no garden or en closure at all. Tho houso roso straight out of the park itself. . "At the hack," said Leonard, "nro tho gardens; but everything is grown over, nothing has been done to tho place for seventy years. I wonder it has stood so long." They turned off tlio road into tlio drive. "Tho old man, when the doublo shock, fell upon him, dropped into a state of apathy from which ho has never rallied. Wo must go round by tho ser vants' entrance. Tho front doors aro never opened." Tho groat hall -with the marble floor made echoes rolling and rumbling about tho bouse above as tliey walked across. There wero arms on the walls and armor, but all rusted arid decaying -in tho damp air. Thero were two or three por traits on tho walls, but tho color had pcolod off, and the portraits had become ghosts, ."The recluso lives in the library," said Leonard, "Let us look llrst at the other rooms." fie opened a door. This was tlio dining-room. Nothing had boon touched. There stood the great dinlng-hall. Against tho wails wcro standing a row of leather stairs. There was tho sideboard; tho iriahogany things woro not affected by the long waiting ex cept that they had lost their lustre. The leather on tho chairs Avas decaying and peeling off. Tho carpet was moth-eaten and in threads. - The papor on tho Wall, tlio.old-fashioned red velvet paper, was hanging down in folds.. Tho steel tender was covered with rust. On tlio walls, tho pictures were In better preservation than thoso in the hall, hut thoy wero hopelessly Injured by tho damp. The curtains wero falling away from the rings. "Think of tho festive dinners that have been given in that room," said Leonard. VTliink of tho talk and tlio laughter and the hap piness! . And suddenly, unexpectedly, tho whole came to an end, nnd there have been siloneo and omptiness for seventy years." Ho closed tho door and oponed another. This was in times gono by tho drawing- room. It was a lioblo room, long, high, well-proportioned.' A harp stood in one corner, Us strings either broken or loose. A piano with tlio music still upon it stood opon, it had been open for seventy years. Tho koys were covered with dust and tho wires With rust. Old-fashioned sofas and couches stood about. Tho mantel-shelf was ornamented with strange things in oliinn. There wero occasional tables in tlio old fnsli'Ion of yellow nnd white and gold. Tho paper wns peeling off like that of tho dining-room. Over against the piano, in n strong light, liung a portrait, bet'ter preserved than most. It was tho portrait of a young man: a handsome young man, a young man with a singularly pleas ing and nmlnblo face. Constance looked at 1t curiously. Then sho started, "Leonard!— who is this?" ' "This? I believe it Is my great- grandmother's brother. AA'hy — now I know — my old aunt told mo — this Is the ' unfortunate man wlio was mur- "derod. It must havo been raurdor — sho bad but ono brothor — that caused her death and her hus band's eccentricities." "His murder? Oh I Leonard! Leonard! It is my own great-grandfather. Ills name was Lang- ley Holms. Ob, it was so long ago. I havo never realised it before. I know there was a murder, but I did not inquire. I have another portrait of him in my chambers. It is not so good as tbis. Ob! And to tbink tbat the mur der happened here." "Constanoo? Is It possible? Then we are cousins." He hold out bis hand. "Vory distant cousins," sho replied. "But, oh, how strange. I avIU toll you all I know about It. How lovoly ho is. Oh, what a brother to lose! I havo been told— — . You see, I am descended from him by tlio daughter and tho grand-daughter —and it Is tho father's family which one thinks ot most. Ho loft ono daughter onljr, named Con- stanco; sho was a child at llio time of his death, Constanco married a gentleman named Mprtimcr, and had a Bon nnd a daughter. Tho daughter married my father, Mr. Edmund Ambry. I hegrd It was a family legend almost that my an cestor, this noble gentleman," sho cpuld not take her oyos from the portrait, "was staying with a friend, and was found murdered In a wobd." "That Is alt there is to know, I bolleve! Excopt as I told you, that tlio news killed his sister tho same day. If this portrait can bo preserved, I will havo a copy mado for you, Constance." "Oh! If you would— if you would. Leonard, Bhnil wo hunt up foil wo can nnd about tho mur der? It Is too lato to discover anything more about it; but I should like to know what really bappenod." (To bo Continued.) 