THE 'GROWING UP' OF SALOME. Each of the three elderly Misses Camp had a firmly rooted belief that both the other ' girls' were getting hard of hearing. That was why, when Aunt Faith overheard Mrs. PinDin'e uncharit&hla; speech about the Child, she bore it alone patiently. It was really fortunate the girls had inherited Grandmother Camp'a deafness — it would have hurt them so to hear chat speech. 'It's ridiculous that Salome Pitcher's aunts don't let her dresses down' — tbat had been the arrow that wounded gentle Aunt Faith. 'She looks like a long-legged game pullet, tall o£ itB age. When my girls wero fifteen they, wore their skirts to their boot-tops.' The old ladies had been on their way home from meeting — three abreast, bb they always walked. The ElmBboro' selectmen built the village side walks with direct reference to that peculiarity of cne mieses Camp. Mrs. Pippin had ruBtled along behind them, .in her stiff, creaky black Bilk. Her pew was just behind theirs, and it was natural they should fall into line that way, coming out of the little vine Bmbowered church. It was tho only connecting, link between them. The Cbiid^fSalome was Rlwnvs ib; Child to her uSting yitl atones — haa Rallied on briskly aneaa C! them, her short skirts swaying about her knees. Salome waB fifteen yearB old aud of goodly Bize. ' The Child's legs are long,' mused Aunt Faith, still smarting under her wound, 'and so very narrow. She takes after the Camps, dear Child! No, I wouldn't bave had the girla hear Mrs. Pippin for anything. It's tbe first time I've ever felt to be reconciled to their affliction.' Aunt Charity was watching the Child, too — and Bmarting. Her .sweet, delicate face was suffused with a pale flush. She waleed between tbe others, — Aunt Charity al«vays walked between, — silent and grave. Only Aunt Hope spoke, and her words made the other ' girla' start involuntarily. ' How— how tall the Child ia getting to be I' Aunt Hope said. Then tbey walked on together without further wordB, That was as near as they had ever come to confessing tbnt Salome was grow ing up. Salome? The Child? No, no, the Child conld not be growing up 1 She was just a slip of a thing yet that they could dose and coddle and get out of scrapes, the dear Child ! This was the clond no bigger than a man's hand that lurked always on the horizon of the MiBaeB Camp — that some day, some time, Salome would grow up and leave them. It haunted tbem always. Lately the cloud bad been growing steadily bigger. At dinner-time that Sunday they talked with gentle animation of the Tillage picnic tbat was to take place on Tuesday. Salome's animation was not quite bo gentle. ' It's going to be the beBt one we've ever had !' Bhe cried, enthusiastically. ' The Keith boys are going to run tbe little steam-launch on the pond, and Enoch Bentley's going to make gallons of ice cream — gallons !' ' I suppose they'll all dreas up considerable,' Auot Faith said. ' Yes, of course,' echoed Aunt Hope. ' Its foolish, but they alwaya do. You'll wear your new dimity, dear Cbild. I'm elad you put it on to-day, to kind of take the new off.' '?It's a very pretty dress,' SBid Aunt Faith, ' and Bimple. Nothing could be more Buitable for a child.' She signed gently. She wbb glad Salome was sitting down, so she could not see how long — and narrow, very narrow — tbe dear Child's legs were. Mrs. Pippin's strident voice was in Aunt Faith's ears still. ' Yee, certainly, it is suitable; moBt suitable,' rejoined Aunt Charity, hastily. Was she hearing Mrs. Pippin's voice, too ? 'I'm thankful, girls, we made it up with a generoUB hem and turned down at the belt; and there's aplenty of new, too, to face it with some time — when the Child grows up. It's goods that will wash like a pocket-handkerchief and wear (or yearB and years.' ' You may wear it to the academy at tbe milla, yet, dear Child !' smiled gentle Aunt Hope. The academy was another Bore spot, but the three dear old ladies found consolation in treating it as a mild joke. It loomed still so far ahead of tbem. There was really no occaaion to worry about the academy yet. The distance from Salome's kneeB to her ankles was very considerable. It was Aunt Faith who had set her ankles as the academy limit for skirts. The Child pushed back ber chair suddenly and stood out on the bare, painted floor before them all They were used to her little whimsies and smiled indulgently. 'Look!' Bhe cried, 'see how far it is! I measured last nighr, and it's nine inches !' She was looking down wistfully at her knee-shoit skirts and the long stretch of black stockings below tbem. Salome did not know she looked like a little ' game pullet, tall of it3 age'— that did not trouble her. But how she did want to go to the academy. Alt the other girla went — even Alothea Pippin waa going in the fall, and she waa only thirteen. A sob crept into Salome's voice, and she choked it down with 3, little unsteady laugh. 'It takes so long fnr your petticoats to grow nine iucheB, Aunt Faith, Aunt Hope, Aunt Charity,' Rhe apppaled to them all, in her own quaint fashion. ' Don't you see, at the rate they're growing now, I shall be middle-aged when they get to academy length ?' Sha laughed again nervously, and then, with one of her BUdden impulsed, darted round tbe little tea-table, hugging them all in turn, and escaping in a little whirl of Bhort, criap skirts through the kitchen door. It «aa tbe way of the Child tvhen Bhe waB excited. Not for the world would she bave the three dear old aunts know the longing in her heart — the longing to grow up like other girls. Her intense loyalty to tbem forbade the slightest open rebellion. If they wanted her a little girl till she was forty, she must bear it. ' Bat I'll grow up, then,' ehe cried to herBelf, with a fler.-e laugh in her throat, ' and I'll go to the academy, too !' She threw herself down on tbe soft graBB and stared Bteadily out across the pretty, old-faBhioned yard, Beeing herself through a long viata of yeara, in ankle-deep petticoats, going down tbe straight villago road toward the academy. Tbe . viaion startled her out of her depressed spirits and her clear laugh drifted back to Aunt Fiiitb, Aunt Hope, Aunt Charity, sitting in sober silence where she bad left them. ' The dear Child !' murmured Aunt Hope, softly, and the other ' girls' drew relieved breaths, they hardly knew why. The next day was Monday, and preparations for the picnic were on foot. Aunt Charity and Aunt [ Hope spent tbe morning in tbe kitchen, among pans and nappies and warm, fragrant odours. The Child Beeded raisins and beat eggs .on the baok door-atepa. Only Aunt Faith was left out of tbe busy proceedings ; cooking was not Aunt Faith's talent. She stole up-Btairn tj Salome's room under tbe eaves, and took down the new dimity dresB. She bad her thimble cn and her work-bag at her aide. She began to work with nervouB baste. ' I'll let it down a little from tbe top, juet a little,' she thought. 'I can't have that woman saying things about the dear Child at the picnic. She'll go, I suppose — ob dear me, yea, Mercy Pippin '11 go !' Her ecissorB anippod the tiny, close stitches with sharp little clioks, and the gathers, released, set free folds upon folds of the soft material, . Aunt Faith kept listening guiltily. ' I wouldn't have the girls know ! I want it to come on them gradually,' her thoughts kept on to tho tune of tho seizors. ' They'll hardly notice at all to-morrow with so much going on, and when they do get round to notioing, they'll be used to it. Aunt Faith's logic waa open to criticism, but it satisfied her gentle soul. She Bat up in Salome's room all the morning, working fast and hard. Once she slipped down into the kitchen and got a hot iron unobserved. Sho spread newspapers on the floor and prossed out tho crease and the old gather? in the dimity ?kirt with patient care. She had let the dress down nearly three incheB, but nothing but the added length told the Becret. Now let Mrs. Pippin go to the picnic !' In the afternoon Salome went out into the orchard with her book, and the three old ladieB went to their rooms for their customary after dinner napa. Tho naps were as inevitable as the dinner. Aunt Faith slept the Bound sleep of a relieved mind, but the other ' girls' were rustless and uneasy. It was a good, while before Aunt Charity could close her eyes, Aunt Hope gave up the struggle entirely. ''It's no use,' she murmured, 'I can't get Mercy Pippin's voice ont o ' my ears. It keeps saying those hateful words right along steady. I'm thankful the girls couldn't hear, sometimes it muBt be a relief to be hard of hearing.' She stirred uneasily about her r.iom, setting right things to wrongs restlessly. Then she tip toed acroBB the hall into Salome's room. Her mind was made up at last. ' I''® g°t to do it ; it's no use,' she cried, softly. 'I can't have tho Child made Bport of, and I can bear doing it better than either of the girls. They're so tender-hearted they couldn't Bee to sew through their tearB. It would almost break their hearts to be a party to the Child's growing up.' The tears ran in slow proceBaion down tender hearted Aunt Hope's delicate, seamed fase. She web fiuding it hard, too. It they once began to admit that the dear Child was growing up, where would the end be ? 'And I'm admitting!' groaned Aunt Hope. ' Here I'm going to let this hem down in cold blood; Bat I've got to — it's no use, I've got to! I'm thankful we put in such a very wide hem — Charity didn't want it but three inches, but I said six. Now I can let it half down and it will look all right. I'll carry it out in the unfinished chamhsr where the girls can't see me. Poor thingB ! but they'll take it easier if it kind of grows on them gradually.' It was hot in the unfinished chamber, and Aunt Hope was afraid ef spiders. Both circumstances made bet remaining there all the afternoon heroic ; but ehe worked on steadily. Before it was quite tea-time she kindled tbe kitchen fire and warmed a flitiron. Her work was done with painBtaking neatness, and tho pretty dresB was hung away again ia Salome's little lean-to closet before tbe girls came out of their rooms. Aunt Hope had forborne to hold it up for the last inspection that women give their work : she was afraid it would look long to her. Tbe eame fear had prevented Aunt Faith in the morning. They had both hung away the dimity dress with averted faces. The Elmafcoro' lights were extinguished early, i On many summer evenings they were not lighted at all. On this particular evening Salome Pitcher and her three old aunts eat ont in their cool little yard until the stars came out, and it was bedtime. All along tbe pretty village street there was a soft coo of voices and the creaking of rockers on gravel walks and verandahs. All Elmsboro' was outof doors in the twilight. The fun-maker of the neigh bourhood went along the street, warning them into bed. ' Picnic ! Picnic ! Picnic to-morrow J All ye good people, hie ye to bed !' his gay voice boo- med in their earB, and there was a lipple of laughter and shuffling of feet and chairs along tbe street. 'Come on, Aunt Faith, Aunt Hope, Aunt Charity !' Salome's bright voice called, laughingly. 'We won't light the lamps, the starlight is bo bright,' Aunt Faith said. But an hour later Aunt Charity lighted a lamp. She stole to the Child's door and looked in. She was asleep, dear Child ! Aunt Charity tiptoed ncross the room to the closet. The Boft starshine lighted her quaint little figure in its white night gown and kissed ber intent, wistful face. Aunt Charity was smaller than the other girls, she was not the greatest of these,' like the other charity in the Bible. When Bhe crept back to her own room again, Salome's new dimity drees was over ber arm. Its skirt trailed in unwonted fashion on the floor, as she walked. It got in Aunt Charity's way, and made her stumble a little. 'I've got to! I've got to!' she thought. 'I can't let folfeB like Mercy Pippin eay unpleasant things about the Child'B legs — haven't I suffered ever since meeting let out Sunday ? I'm glad the girls were spared, I can bear it better than they could. For once it was a mercy they couldn't hear readily. Now, let me see — ' She bent close to tbe light and pursed ber lipB thoughtfully. She had made up her mind to let part of the hem down to Salome's skirt. 'It was fortunate — 3h ; Why, I thought — m-m-m, I see. We only.made a three-inch hem, I see. I was thinking we made a very broad one, bnt I remember there was a good deal of discussion. I was almost hurt with tbe other girls for wanting it so broad, and they made it my way after all ! All is, I shall have to face it down. The new pieces are down-stairB in the secretary drawer.' And like a little white ghost Aunt Charity crept down to get them. They were rather email pieces, and made a good deal of piecing necessary. It took a long time to face down Salome's Bkirt. The clock in tbe churcb-3teeple struck. the hour that takeB the most strobes and tbe hour that takes the least — and yet again — bsfore AuntJCharity had finished. Then without another look at tbe heap of soft stuff in her lap, she bundled it np over her arm and carried it back to Salome's cloaet. It waB dark in tbe bit of a corner, and Bhe bod to fumble around among the tiers of hookB. It suemed bard to find one high enough so that tbe dreEB would not trail on the floor. On her way out, Aunt CharityBtopped to kiss tbe Child. 'Dear Child!' Bhe whiBpered. One, two, three ! clanged the steeple clock as little old Aunt Charity went back to bed. She was very tired. ' But I had to, I had to,' she spoke aloud. 'And it was easier for me than tbe other girls. Tbey could hard|y. have borne it. They'll kind of get used to it now, before they know it. It had to come.' She lay awake a while, and the pillow under her faded cheek grew wet. Aunt Charity wnB re membering bo many thingB about the dear Child — the time when Bhe came to tbem first, a tiny morsel in long, white clothes; the time when she toddled about on uncertain, short little legs; the times upon times Bhe bad maie ennshine for them with her childish fun and Dlay. She was remembering how fast the yeare had gone over her small, flaxen head, and how, in spite of them all, she had grown from their knees up to their elbows, — their shoulders, — she waB up to Aunt Charity's crown of white hair now. Auot Charity remembered that. They bad not been able to keep her a little child. It was a beautiful day For a pionic. Salome exulted in it, putting ber bright, tousled head out of the window to breatbe in whiffs of the cool air, and humming BtrainB of gay song as she dressed. She reached out to pick cluaterB of the climbing roseB to pin on her dress. They would go bo weli with tbe pretty dimity. 'Now for my dress — yes, I'm coming, Aunt Charity! I'll be thers in a minute — ' But it waa more than a minute tbat Salome stood before her looking-glass in speechless' ustoniahment. The tall figure that stood looking back a her was a young woman's figure, lithe and straight and good to see. It was dresaed in dainty dimity — tbat looked natural to Salome. But tbe skirt! Tbe skirt swung round her slender ankles in graceful folds. It swayed and dipped about them aa she, Salome, moved. She had grown up in a night! Another breathleBa minute the girl stood looking. Then with a swift turn of her wrists and. a twirl of her little brown fingerB she hnri twisted all her majs of bright hair intoji demure knot on her neck. Sho had drawn tbe childish ribbona into staider loops and fattened her one treasure — her mother's breast pin — at ber throat. Then tho three old aunts below beard her steps coming down the stairs, staidly and gently, not with a wild dash and clamour. They had hardly time to notice the change before the kitchen door opened and tho Child, grown up, stood framed in it. She made a prim little courtesy to tbem, holding out her loDg skirt, mincingly. Her laughing face nodded and swayed before them. ' Where are you going, my pretty maid ?' 'I'M going to the academy, air, she Baid/.'' her clear.,, delighted voice sang in their ears and'then some thing happened. With sndden complete abandon ment, Salome whirled towtrd them and took them* unresisting, into ber arms. 'Yon dear Aunt Faith, Aunt Hope, Aunt' Charity 1' she exolaimed, crying and laughing againBt their Bweet old faceB, ' you were so good io do it ! It was such a beautiful surprise 1 You were so dear — doar — dear !' She portioned out the 'dears,' one to each ot' them, with a rapid accompaniment of kiBses — tbe Child's old kiBseB. She danced about the warm - little kitchen, radiantly happy. That was the day Salome grew up. Long after ward, when even the academy stood dimly in the background, that day made a distinct spot in the memory of three old ladieB. Tbey never explained it to each other, or to themselves. Each, in bewildered guiltinesa that gradually softened into ? quiet resignation, hold herself alone accountable for the Child's sudden growing up. ' There were so many epiders out in the unfinished chamber, I guess I waa kind o£ agitated,' Aunt Faith thought. ' I didn't realize how much was turned down at tbe top.' 'I'm so absent-minded — I take it from Great Grandmother Camp,' Aunt Hope mused, in bewilderment. ' I must've faced it down instead of hemmed it.' 'The light was bo poor, I guess I couldn't see what I was doing very well,' murmured little Aunt Charity, softly to herself. 'But it had to came!' 