BEHIND A VEIL. BY MIIS. C. N. AVILLIAMSON. CHAPTER IV. — (Continued.) Mary had often hoard of tho Slstorhood who speut their livos on. tho rocky Island in tho Schreeksee (or "Sea of Horror") so named bo- causo In old, old days, . almost before legend weuaca History, tie waters natt Deen trouoiea oy the civil spirit of a woman who lured men to ruin body and soul. The loke'had been called accursed uutil Salut Eborhaa-d hud been directed in. a vision to tako up his resldonco on the rock, which rose like the dark shoulder of a submerged Titan, from the water. His advent — so legend said — hail driven the haunting evil away; and tho lake, in stead of being aecursoil, gained a magical power of healing many d Incuses. Throngs of alllleted people had Journeyed from far to tho Schreeksoe, which still retained tho old name, to he cured by ite waters and the prayers of tho blessed hermit on tho Island, 'l'lion, when Sainit Eberhard had died at a great age, by Ills desire a Sisterhood was founded on the rock and thoir dwelling called tho Convent of tho Saertd Island — tho oldest. In stitution of the kind In Austria, and one of tho most rigid in Its rules of llto. It was an enclosed order. The sisters never passed outsido tho boundary of the high walls that shut tho convent In. On one day of the week only might they converse with one another, save to murmur tho bodeful words, "Memento Mori." No letters came 'to the band of women who had resigned all worldly Joys, except communications from bishop or priest on business of tho convent. No letters went out, save answers to these. Modern life, and the busy rush of modern days, came no nearer to tho rock in tho laJto than tho small railway town on tho Danube, a dozen miles away. Those who had tho curiosity to gazo at tho famous Convent of tho Sacred Island from a dls- laneo, might drive to the tiny village of Lcux, on the lake shore, and behold tho dark. Irregular building silhouetted grimly against the sky; yet none but priestly visitors, novices, or trades people carrying supplies, had been received on tho island Itself, since tho mild reign of Eberhard had ended with tho saint's death. Mary was not fully ipformed of nil these de tails; and, mentally half-stunned, physically toe weak from lack of food to concentrate thought, her mind painted no vivid pleturos on tho blank! grey canvas of tho future. She only groped through darkness for tho one hope or consolation which she believed could over again he hers; a place to hide In from a censorious world, a placo to pray for peace. She made tho hundred-mllo Journey from Vienna to Leux with her mother and Father Augustln. Heavily veiled, slio still felt an acute misery of self- consciousneas, shrinking from every eye that might he staring In morbid Inter est at tho heroine of tho latest scandal, the wicked gin wjioso folly had last night cost a man Ills life. Through tho thick, dark veil, she gazed with a strange fascination at the people crowding tho stations n« they passed; happy, commonpluco pcoplo who would not havo to live face to faeu with a tragedy till death came to their release. It seemed unbelievable that everything should bo going oil In tho world as if no shipwreck had come, to her. Girls laughed, and rejoiced In their youth and beauty, hardly knowing why thoy wore happy. She had been like that, only a few weeks ago — far away in dear England. She re called some of the pranks she and her friends had played at school, and she remembered the exquisite pleasure of lira- first ball, when slio had been said to bo the "lie lie"' — and she had met George Tristram. Now tho handsome, dark face, so bright, so brave — that slio hud dreamt of many times of late, would soon ho under tho ground. The snow would keep on railing, as It roll now. nnd make his grave white— horribly while and cold. Ami she would lie eighteen next week, only eighteen; yet slio must always bo cold after this, cold with remembrance; and she was going to be hurled in a gravo too. But tlion, nothing mattered any more. Tlie Princess, wllli her confessor and her daughter, had a compartment lo tlieinsolves; the crowd, like moving photographs, only passed the windows, nnd looked In when tho trnln slowed into stations. The priest, and the woman whom he ruled, spoke together sometimes In low voices; hut I licy did not address Mary; and hy her the long jnnrnny was spent In silence. It was much I lie same afterwards. Ill the closed ouri-liu-,. Hen drnvo them from the lastt railway town to the I'll le village by tbe lake. Tlie, re, llie moment bad cotno for tlie parting between mother and daughter— a. parting from now till tho end of time. As Mary stepped from the earrlnge lo accom pany Father Augiislln In the small boat which would tako them across the lake (fed by warm springs, so lhat Die surface was never frozen) her first actual realisation nf what she was about to do. came with a sight or the convent. Was ll possible that, she was to live In that gloomy place, llie nemo or desolation? That she, who had nlwnys so loved freedom and everything that, could lie done, in the open air. would never after to-day pass beyond those dark, ivy-draped stone walls? Youth and human nature assorted themselves and her hcurt contracted with a sharp pang of revulsion. She found hereeir catching at the thought that, aftor all. thin stop was not Irrevoc able. Sbo was only going to tako the vows for tho period of a novttlato. At tho end of tlint tltao. If sho lmd changod her mind, sho would ba free to return to tho world slio now forsook Sho wished sho know how long was tho novitlato at tho C!onvout of tho Sacred Island; and she do- tormined to summon courage, If she could in tha boat, to ask blather August in whether lio coiikl tell her of any novice who lmd ovor left the Sis terhood. Then suddenly she retnambcml tho thing that was sending her hero. Tristram whom slio had loved, was dead, by her fault' Why should she over wish lo leave tlils sanctuary on tho rock? Tho girl turned to her mother with one last hungry, yearning look, ir tho I'rinccss had hail a pang of rolontlng, if slio had so much as held out hor hand, Mary would havo broken into passionate Bobbing. But she had sinned past forgiveness from that cold nature, and thero camo no sign of softening. "Good- bye, mother— for always," whispered tho girl. "Good-bye," tho ITInooss answered, without a tremor of tho voice. Thou slio turned to Father Augustln. "I shall ho waiting for you at tho inn," sho said. "I daresay they can put mo Into a decent room; at least, it will bo warm." Mary shuddered faintly at tho words. Oflea afterwards, she was to think of them, and whlio she fastod and shivered, picture tho beautiful woman In her sables, with dalnllly-shod feet on tho fender, a warm tiro playing rosily on the white marblo of her fnee, as she waited till her confessor should havo finished disposing of a troublesomo daughter. So tho priest and the girl wore rowod ncross tho water as darkness fell. He spoko kindly to her, now that tho Princess was no longer with them! bidding her bo of good choer. It was as If, sineo his object had beon accomplished, and Mary had obeyed him, he was ready to show her tho flowers which might still grow along tho narrow path ho had bidden licr choose. Ho tohl her that Heaven would bo appeased. That thero was a wondrous happiness In a Ufo of holiness and self-denial. He dwelt upon tho peaceful days of prayer ami meditation sho would spend among tho good Sis ters, boforo the hour camo when sho must tako her preliminary vows ns a novico of the ordor. At first, she would merely bo a guest, in retreat at this blessed asylum; thero. In that chapel, where tho red light glowed against the darkening sky, sho would bocoino tho betrothed brldo of Heaven. Tho boat touched tho crude landing- place. Steep steps cut in tho rock, and covered now with 'drifted snow feathers, led up to tho convent Walls. At the gate, Father Augustln rang a bell, which jangled dismally. In tlie thick oak panel, a tiny blind slid up behind the grille, like an opening oye. Tho aperturo showed a grating, and the dim ghost of a face, whlto as its wkito framo of drapery. A mufiled oxclamation told that Father Augustln had been scon and recog nised by the lay Sister, whoso duty it was to guard tho gate. Thero followed the sound of a key grating harshly in a lock, a pushing nsldo of heavy bolts, seldom" moved, the rattle of a chain, and the small door that opened in ono of tho great gates swung rustlly on Its hinges. A long look- backward, a deep drawn, sobbing breath, nnd tho close-elnsplng arms of the Convent of tho Sacrod Island had folded Mary Desmond In. "Well/ Father?" naked Princess Fnlconberg, rising from her chair hy tho wood fire, la tho Inn parlor, as the priest BOttly entered. "It Is well, my daughter," he said. "Well for her, who will bo known honceforth as Sister Mario Magdelono; and for you, well, becauso you havo given your daughter to tho Church, with all tho fortune that would have beon hers." "Better than it the money could have lifted a weight of debt-from tho Kornis estates, Father?" she asked. "My brother Paul would not say no." Tho priest faintly smiled. . "But aftor last night, as you know; his prido could not havo endured tho marriage, empty as tho family coffers tire. And the fortune is a good gift for tho Church." "Yes," said tho Princess, with a sigh she did not wish cvon her confessor to know meant exul tation In being freed from her only rival. No longer would she look faded and old beside a fresher face! No longer would men turn from her to anothor, In ballrooms where she had ouco been quoen. She had wished for Mary's mar- rlago, becauso her husband had wished it. and because Count von Kornis, who had so strange aa lnfiuonco over the Prince, had wished It. But a married Uaughtor, even at a distance, can still mnlco a woman soom ; old;. -while a daughter In a convent Is speedily forgotten. Aftor all, when the scandal of which the Count In his fury had made eo much, was post (as it soon would be, to glvo placo to a newer one), things would bo better as thoy now were. While, as for Mary herself, a girl with such a headsLrong nature as hers was safer in tho Convent of tho Sacral Island than she would huvo been exposed to the constant dangers of society. "I am glad, Father, that your aro satisfied," slio' said. "If you had not thought of telling her tho man wus dead, I bolievo sho would have resisted." "It Is occasionally permissible to- deviate tem porarily from tho truth, for a wise purpose, dauclitor." answered tho Jesuit, hiding the llro of his eyes under' long, womanish lushes. "To do evil that good may come. And though ho livod this morning, to-morrow wo shall almost surely hear that ho Is dead." (To be continued.) 