THE CHURCH. CHURCH NEWS. At a meeting of the board of nomination of st. James's Anglican Church, Dande nong, the Rev. E. G. Veal, of St. John's, Bairnsdale, was unanimously selected to fill the vacancy in the incumbency of the church caused by the retirement from ac tive work of the Rev. A. Brazier. The Rev. Dr. Torrance, formerly incum bent of St. John's, Melbourne, and re ported last week as being locum tenens at Rich Hill parish church, Ireland, has ?written to a friend in Melbourne that he has received the appointment of vicar to Bishop Crozier, and controller of music in the Kilkenny Cathedral. In th£ Roman Catholic diocese of Goul burn, New South WaleB, Father Campbell, for over two years assistant to . Father Slattery, at Wagga, has been promoted to the charge of the Germanton and Tum barumba district. His place in Wagga has been taken by Father O'Bhea, lately assist and priest at Young, who will be succeeded by Father Sharkey, of Junee. Father J. J. Fogai'ty has removed from Germanton to the district of Berrigan, just vacated by Father Hennessy, who has been given two months' leave of absence, and Father T. Carroll, locum tenens at Tumut during Father O'Dwyer's absence on sick leave for 12 months, has been appointed to the Crookwell .Mission. Father O'Dwyer having returned from his trip to Europe - ^ The Anglican Bishop <tf Brisbane, Dr. Webber, lias returned to the colonies from his trip to England. . ...... Information has been received that the Rev Thomas James, formerly of Victoria, and now of Hayle, Cornwall, will shortly come on a visit to t.iis colony, where many of his relatives reside. Mr. James entered the Wesleyan ministry about 40 years ago, and was appointed to several important circuits. For a few years he joined the Congregational Church, but returned to the Wesleyan ministry, and is now on the list of "supernumeraries." He is an able preacher and writer. On leaving Birregurra to take up work at St. Paul's, Geelong, the Rev. W. P. Howell was presented with a purse containing £50, and a silver tea service and tray for Mrs. ^The Rev. J. H. G. Auld, of Ashfield, who is going to South Africa with the New SoutliWales Bushmen's Contingent as Presbyterian cliaplain, was presented last week, at a farewell social, with a purse of sovereigns, "which," says the "Daily Tele graph, "coming so close on a former gift of a horse, saddle, and outfit, was a very substantial present." Another clergyman going with the same | contingent, the Rev. J. Green, of the Pri mitive Methodist Church, who will act as chaplain to the members of the Protestant churches, not Anglican or Presbyterian, has received numerous tokens of esteem; e.g., a valise, writing-case, and a pair of military brufcues, from ministers and members of his denomination; a purse of sovereigns and a pair of field-glasses from his congregation at Bslmain, and a Bible for field use from the Christian Endeavour Union of New South Wales. The churches he will repre sent are also raising £50 in connection with the Evangelical Army Chaplains' Fund to provide Mr. Green with a complete outfit. Father Slattery, Roman Catholic parish priest at Wagga, who conducted five sisters of the Mount Erin Convent, in that town, to Longreach, Queensland, to establish a convent there, reports that the sisters were enthusiastically received by the people of Longreach and district, and that every thing was done to promote their comfort. After leaving his charge at Longreach Father Slattery went to Rockhampton, where he was the guest of Dr. Biggins, Bishop of the diocese. For some time be fore leaving Wagga he was in indifferent health, but he has benefited greatly by his trip. The annual conference of the Victoria and Tasmania Wesleyan Conference com menced its sessions on Tuesday morning, when the Rev. Thomas Adamson, of Ben digo, was elected president, and the Rev. James de Q. Robin, of BaHarat, secretary. The voting for the president was-Adam son, 158; Knight, 52; and 19 scattered votes. For the secretary the voting was Robin, 66; Powell, 58; Phllp, 31: {3. Adam son, 14; Knight, 14; Marsland, 13; and sundries, 29. Among other elections to the chair of church n&semblies; or conferences are the following: Rev. W. Atkinson, of Dul wieh Hill, to the presidency of the New bouth Wales Primitive Metnodist Confer ence; Bey. J. Reed Glasson, to be chair man of the Congregational Union of New Zealand; Rev. J. K. Elliott, by a unani mous vote, to be moderator of the Presby terian General Assembly of New Zealand lor next year; Rev. J. Westacott, of Heath ?? ?( Uie Presidency -of the United w tr i ?'ee Churches of Victoria; Rev. ,\y «ea!e to the presidency of the; Wales*an ^.on^erenc® of New South On Sunday morning, December 24 (says the London "Jewish Chronicle"), Mjbs oaaie American, an earnest, eloquent ti?r ?8Si' '"tense Jewish Reeling, oocupied lie pulpit at the Temple service of Chicago durmg the temporaxy-absence of the regu lar minister, Dr. Bmil <5\. Hmmh, the reform preacher of that city, *nd Sun/JivqueIi. of Jew* wbaerving can T i as Sabbat&l;^ Miss Sadie Amen jKw * °ne °Hhe *eBreBenta«veB of the' vislwj T of Jewish women who London last dime attend the wS3 04tte ?ntemE«oma <3«incil of Women. The subject of her at sons. The £ev n> » Ifntrr^Vrf .tt,L^aPn» and an nfldrcnrt 1 n i» "n en.T Mtthon, eTaiiBidiiiirr ni<««4« in liAii . - nation. evanEffliHfc nreat&hMr; 's incoinpathat^w morning following, and that four days] afterwards Kimberley was relieved. The Methodist Federal Council of South Australia held its final meeting on Thure <lay week, the union of the Methodist de nominations in that colony having rendered the council's existence no longer necessary. It was first appointed in 1894. taking the place of a joint committee of tne churches, which dated from 1891. ids minutes ana adopted reports fill nearly 1,000 pages. Five members of the council have died since its formation in 1894. It is said that the theological students: attending the German Universities have so fallen off that the number has been reduced by one-half during the last 10 years. Once when the late Archbishop Benson was riding past the HOUBC of Lords an impudent cabman turned round in his seat and called to him, "Better off in this world than in the next, old man." "Very pithily put." said the archbishop to his companion I with a smile. j The first conference of the Wesleyan, j Primitive Methodist, and Bible Christian Churches in South Australia, now united in one denomination, was commenced in Adelaide on Monday, when the Rev. Dr. j Burgess was elected president. Dr. Burgess also holds the office of president of the Australasian Wesleyan Conference. At the annual demonstration of the Vic torian and Tasmanian Wesleyan Sunday school Union in Wesley Church on Monday a telegram was read from the Methodist members of the Victorian Bushmen's Con tingent, now in camp at Langwarrin, con-1 gratulating the new president of the Wes-1 leyan conference. The reading of the tele-1 gram* wag followed by enthusiastic cheers for the contingent. Mr. W. Johnson, stipendiary magistrate of Port Adelaide, has complained to the wardens of St. Bede's Church that the vicar, the Rev. J. W. Owen, has been in i the habit of using candlesticks and lighted candles in his church, contrary to the Church of England usage. The wardens and trustees, by 10 votes to 10, have de cided to support the vicar. A controversy having arisen in the daily papers on some assertions by Cardinal Moran as to the present attitude of Pro testants towards the Bible, the Anglican] Bishop of Ballarat, in a letter to "The| Argus," quoted "the subjoined utterance of; a committee of 20 of the most learned and! leading bishops of the Church of England, j endorsed unanimously by nearly 200 others at Lambeth," to show the position of his church on the subject:-"Your committee! do not hold that a true view of Holy Scrip-1 ture forecloses any legitimate question about the literary character and historic! accuracy of different parts or statements of I the "Old Testament, but refuse to accept j any conclusion which would withdraw any portion of the Bible from the category of j God-inspired' Scripture. Your committee express their conviction with regard to the] New Testament, that the results of critical i study have confirmed the Christian faith. They do not consider that the results of the more recent criticism of the Old Testament can vet be specified with certainty, but are confident that, wherever men humbly and trustfully use the Bible, seeking always the heavenly assistance of the Holy Ghost, it will commend itself more and more clearly to their hearts and consciences as, indeed, the Word of God." The Lenten pastorals of the Roman Catholic archbishop and bishops in Vic toria were read in the churches of their respective dioceses on Sunday. In his pastoral, the Bishop of Ballarat, Dr. Moore, strongly maintained the indestructibility of his church. "A spirit of antagonism to the church," he said, "has animated, and still animates, almost every Government of Europe. But it was the prediction of our Lord Himself, 'The world will hate yotf as it hated me,' and history bears testimony to its fulfilment. Persecution is her crown and her glory. She has encountered many a relentless foe, and yet she survives; seem-1 ingly often on the brink of destruction, and yet she triumphs; her fate seeming to tremble in the balance, and yet the issue is never doubtful; she has seen kingdoms rise and fall, and she is still young; she has been the witness of histories begun and ended, and yet she continues. And she will stiypd for ever, will outlast all other institutions, and the sceptre shall not de part from her. Her enemies are constantly weaving bonds wherewith to cripple her libertv, but as wax melts before the sun their bonds will disappear, they themselves will perish, and she will endure. 'But thy enemies shall perish, and thou shalt continue; they 6hall all grow old as a gar ment, and as a vesture thou ehalt change them, and they shall be changed, but thou art the self-same, and thy years shall not fail.'-(Heb. i. 11-12.)" In connection with the "intercession ser vices" which are being held dailv at Ply~ month, England, it was announced that the Rev. G. B. Berry, vicar of Emmanuel Church, would conduct a service in tlie United Methodist Free Church, and that the Rev. Dr. Chapman, principal 9f the Congregational College, had been invited to preach at Emmanuel Church. The Bishop of Exeter thereupon wrote to Mr. Berry, and after the interchange of letters for bade him either to preach in a Noncon formist church or to allow a^ Noncon formist minister to preach in Emmanuel Church. Mr. Berry replied that he woula submit to the bishop's ruling - so far as Emmanuel Church was concerned, but that the prohibition to preach in a Noncon formist chapel touched his personal respon sibility to his Master, from whom alone he had received his commission to preach the gospel, and he could not allow the authority of a. prelate to override the supreme autho rity of Christ. Mr. Berry, on the following Sunday morning, preached ^OTdingtoan aiouncement in the United MethodiBt iree Church. , . ^ . lii consequence of the tone of one of Hie local papers, which asserted that m his communication with the Bishop of Exeter the vicar of Emmanuel Church was not only condemned by his fellow churchmen but by the great majority of Noneqm formiste, Mr. Berry wet the Intercession Committee, and to test their feeling ten-, idered IiIb resignation as chairman, since had no desire to be a bone of conten tion." The committee unanimously re quested him to withdraw his resignation, which %e did. One of the sneakers said that there was nothing to condemn in Mr. communication w-th the v bishop, ibnt cvejvthing-to commend. Heplying to. a ,deputation which pre sented * memorial, signed by 13,794 lay communicants of the Church of England, protesting against the recent opinions of the two BTchbiBhops on the subject* of incesBe and processional lights, the Arcli biisbop of Canterbury explained that in .iBXHtbuacinff bis opinion he had to interpret ,|^t tliB 4§?urcli of England had actually [said, feitt iie had jiot . implied that his Opinion "should be talcen as^ a command, .less the bishops enforced it, and unless chose to do so the clergy in ' >e disuses were free from it. The Archbishop con will. 1 quite prepared in that case still to go on and act as if we stood in the same position which we have held for the last 300 years, but (there the Archbishop spoke with deep emotion) I dread with all my soul, I dread what may come if the Church of England were to break in two." 