A Bunch of Verse. The Mirth-Maiden. i. You're a bright little maid, you're a brave little maid ! You laugh in the sunshine, you laugh in tho shade ; You never can frown and you ne'er oan bo staid 1 What havo you done to mo j what have you done ? Why should you run to mo j why should you run ? Llfo haB not spun for mo frolio and fun. i , What do you want with my sorrows and tears ? What do you know of my hoart and Its fears? i What can you do with ray burden of years ? Go to the youth with tho sun in hia oyos I What would you do with tho sad and tho wise ? ? ' Go, with your laughter that sparkles and ilioa ! Stay I I regret it } rogrot and rogrob 1 Maiden, forgot it ; O nniden, forgot I Daarosb one, lob it abide with me yot ! Stay with your laughtor that pulls at tho sun ? , Downward aud downward until ib has won. k Ray after ray, from tho dim to tho bright, 'looming with giadnoBS and mirth and do light, Paid thorn, and laid thorn, in morrimonb sweob, Under tho willow, to reign at your foot ! Laugh, lovoly maiden, until tho gi'oat ball Haa never a thought of tho heavens at all ! j\ . i , Hero, while I Hafcou, you Glisten and gUabou, you Smile aB I ohrUbon you Bright light, whito light, Ono light); sun light. No natuo IH light enough, I No tmino is bright enough, No name Is white onoitgh, ' .DdaroBb for you. O wonderful thlof of all aorrowa I name you I , Bohold, in this pt'laon I'll shame you and tamo you, And whisper aud sing of tho bright glowing fl ituo you Have kindled within this poor hoart that would blamo you With focvonl) aivron8OH| forovor tho aamo, You vt Miuib aoiuo to tho arms that (it'o waiting to claim you I Como I Noui'oflk, daai'oab i oloaroab oyoa ! Ti'ttor, blu'or, than tho ukloH— ? ,l3.\ue and ploiiHo the huat'b that lloa ' . Yearning for you I \ . lll( Am I whito ? I did not know It I Aiulivgorl? Do I show It V Ugh I I Imto tho hoad of gray, I Laughing at tho young ana gay, i Like a ghost of yesterday ! Put your hand upon my brow : Smooth me, soothe mo. Quiokly now Rub away that ugly frown ; Turn the silver into brown ; Thrust your fairy fingera through it Fairy flngors soon will do it 1 Come, dear maid, and swiftly sprinkle Happy smiles in every wrinkle ; More and more I Another, . . , Plenty ! Now, again I'm five and' twenty I Five and twenty ! Ah, I feel it ; Nothing, nothing oan conceal it 1 Sweet one of a thousand poses, Come with me among the roses ; Only there, as heaven's above you, Can I tell you how I love you ! Queen of merriment and glee, Come, my darling, oomo with me t CoMtiTTA Ryan. 