THE HOUSfi 01? COMMONS A8 A CLUB A DIFFERENCE. - In tha interesting book wiucn he nas recently published on tbe House of (Commons (London : John long), Sir Richard Temple draiws eome very clear distinctions between tbe manners of tbat assembly and those of an ordinary club. One cf these differences is due to tihe essential distinction between the origin cf the two bodies. The club consists of men who belong to the 6ame class, or the same party, or the same purs UK, ana, uiwawe wi dub is » certain set of common and harmonious ideas. The House of Com mons is to a certain extent the creation of just the opposite cause — namely , of an antagonism of class politics, and sometimes, even of pursuit. The result is, of course, that there is an absence from the House of Commons of «ome of the things whicb are most characteris tic of the club, and especially of that pleasanit and universal intimacy which is natural where men think too same thought*, belong tc the same sets, have constant intercourse outside as well as inside the walls of this particular build Big, which they have constituted to be their rendezvous. SOME DISTTNCITOXS. And thus it is that tbough members of different panties may very often be seen dining together in the House of Commons, and still more are found by each other's sides over tobacco and oof fee, there are certain distinctions which are kept up betwden them. For in stance, any member of a club is entitled to take a vacant seat at a table, no mat- j ter who else may be there; for in all probability all the other persons pres ent are his friends, and he and tbey can speak freely to each other. In the House of Commons few men sit down at a table unless they happen to know one .if ri4m tittrums nlrpafiv fiMtnt thprA: and if there be a party, few men sit there who are not of the party, unless the very orowded' state of the rooms leaves them no choice. SAUJ, tAilOXG THE PPRPOPHETS. I have seen many curious instances of the working of this custom. Parnell, ' for instance, was a strange spectacle in ithe dining-room one day X saw bim there. As A rule he 'went to a little table in what is called the Irish room, and always had one or two ot his very intimate acquaintances along with him. But it was only a few of the members of big own party Who used 'to sit with him ; men who knew him privately, or had been his colleagues for a number of years, or belonged tb the iim*»r coun cil wbich he used to oousuH. On this particular day, for some reason or ot her — I think it was because he was late tin (arriving-— Jfc usual table was not oppn to iiiim, and he sat down, appar ently without thinking,- in tbe first va cant seat that was open to him. It chanced that tlie other seats at the tab le were occupied by some good oldfash ioned Conservatives — men 'mho looked cn Parnell wrth something akin to hor ror, ana who, ot course, never had any social intercourse with him. A CURIOUS SCENE. You should 'bave seen tbe strange scene to understand all its comicality. A sort of frozen look oame across the faces of the Corvservatives ; they sud- j denly 'became silent and const-rained. ! It almost reminded one of the scene in one of the novels of Walter Scott, in which he describes how the cold-eyed Prior, iwho was the head of the Vehm gericht, sate down among a group, and immediately sent a thrill of froren ter ror through them. There was some thing so ghost-like and uncanny about Parnell that he had a power of impress ing with a curious creepy feeling those who were not intimates of his, and who only knew him as the silent, frigid .re solute man who seemed to command all the powers of darkness and conspiracy. And what made the scene more curious nas that ParaeU was apparently quite (WMoosoious of the sensation he was making, for this strange man had the power of going off apparently into a day-dreatn. He oould remain' silent for hours if he so chose, and apparently pre ferred to do so unless you spurred him on to conversation. And during thest moments he became self-absorbed, bis eyes had a far-off look, in short, be looked uncanny, and when be ante down beside these Tories and none of them interfered vrith the inner communings, he went off into one of those fits of ab straction, ate bis meal quite silently, and then glided out of the dining- room, in as ghostly a fashion as he had catered il. . THE DINING-ROOJI6. There are altogether three dining iroams. In -the centra dining-room — called the Strangers' Room — you can1 bring in guests, and there you occa sionally see a fairly laige dinner-party. The third room is called the Irish room, because many Irish members dine there ; as a matter of feet, however, nearly as many, if not more of tbe Irishmen dine in -the Strangers' Room. There is one table there whioh is fiHed with Irishmen at six o'clock on moat evenings; for some of the Irishmen carry to London' the customs of provincial Ireland, and take their meals at an early and unfash ionable hour. Then there is the first room. Any member of the House has the right to dine in this room as in any other of the three rooms, and some pri vate members do dine there habitually. But, as a ride, tbis room is left to the i official members of the House. It will be judged how much this is *he can 3 from ihe fact that, though I ba\e bewi mora than twenty years in tbe H'mse, I o(% dined in this room once. THE CABINET TABUS. In tins first room there is a long oral-sbaped table, and at this table ev ery evening dine the members of tbe Cabinet. I heed scarcely say tbat 110 private member would dream of taking a seat alt this taUe, for he would be act ing as ai) eavesdrcMipr oq conversations which are inteiideq to be private. Min isters there go over their speeches which have been delivered^ or those which (hey may have to deliver, or discuss ibe pros pects and pfans of the o^it ; in short, are engaged in conversation as essenti ally private as if they were «t their own d^wet°tahles. Aocordlngjy they are always left severely alone at tUa table. EX-MJMgTHtt AXD A MINISTER. Wh en members h»v® once held office, tbey nearly always dine in this room. Ex-Ministers accordingly an rndy #omd J(1nrIwvi [ bave coco Mr. John Morley occasionally dine in the Irish room ; but, as a rule, he dines out of tbe House wheel he is out of office. So does Sir William -Harcourt, except on a Budget night, when be has to hang around the House, watching over the Death Dirties, le^t the sacrihgious hand offspring. It is sifpuficant of the de taebed position be occupies in the Min istry that Sir John Gorst never by any chance dines in the first room. He is always to be found at a special table in tbe Iri^i Room, a table at' which he is 1 nearly always 'Hie only ' Conservative [ present-. ? THE TESTIMONY OF THE TABLES. Irishmen have strong personal feel ings in fdl they do— like or dislike with the primordial rigor of their race; and one oould almost tcJl the varying his tory of the personalities and the groups of their sections from the seats -they occupy in tue Irish Room* There have been times during the last ten years wfaen the Irish members ate at four or five if not at sjix different tables. If you saw Mr. Redmond at a table you might be quite sure that neither Mr. Dillon nor any ol his rnenas wouia da mere ; and if you saw Mr. Dillon at a table there wore other colleagues of his who nould be sure to give tbat table a wide brth. And on may eeet-RCoTd 'oig Tm berth. And sometimes one may even see a single Irishman who thinks the times out of joint, and who accordingly 6its either all alone, or among English meu — giving a silent but very intelli gible warning to all bis compatriots not to approach. And . so the dining- rooms ? like other things about the House of Commons — bear -their testimonies to the state of public affairs, and the humours, the hatreds and the friendships of pub lic men. — 'M.A.P.' 