Up to Date. Phenomenal snowstorm at Kiandra. r-No trams on the Ocean-street line to-day. There is a clergyman named Drought in Victoria ! The; Sydney football premiership for 1900 has been won by the Glebe F.C., which Is in the unique position of having carried off the championship in the three grade compe titions. Indian Famine Fund. The ladies of Petersham yesterday made a collection on bahalf of the Indian Famine Fund, and the result was £48. . A ball in aid of the same cause will be held on August 28. Weather Forecast, The Government Astronomer's forecast is as' follows?— New South Wales on Sunday: Generally fine, scattered clouds and showers inland, chiefly southern districts, westerly winds. Parliamentary Business. During the coming week, the chief Jbusiness in Parliament will be considera tion of the HarbOr Trust and Arbitration Bills. Extraordinary Case. The extraordinary case In which a legal gentleman of Christchurch, N.Z., is charged with endeavoring to induce a doc tor to murder his wife, is fully reported in this issue up .to its present stage. Fire Brigades Busy. Following a quiet time, the fire brigades, had quite an epidemic of conflagrations yes terday. Only two were, however, seriou3, a house being burnt on Bellevue Hill in the early hours of the morning, and a. timber yard cleaned out ax Petersham in the after noon. Besides these, there were minor .fires at Glebe, Arncliffe, Sussex-street, and some false alarms. A Sad Case. One of the most pathetic cases in connec tion with the Plague outbreak is that' of Horace Jones, who had just entered upon manhood when he was stricken. The di sease attacked his eyes, and he is now to tally blind. While he has become conva lescent from the Plague, he is now in Syd ney Hospital recruiting his strength. In order to assist him, friends and former fel low-workmen have organised a concert, which will take place on Wednesday night at the Oddfellows' Temple, Elizabeth-street, near Liverpool- street. Tickets for this worthy object can be obtained from Mr. H. Taylor, hon. sec., or Mr. Mackellar, hon. treasurer. A Cat That Played the Ghost. The death of a rather notorious animal is- recorded by the San Francisco 'Exa- miner.' This was a famous grey cat, which made the Murin county gaol famous for its haunted cell. The cat was owned by A. Kappenmann. For years the large tank cell in the County gaol was said to be haunted. Many cri minals confined in this cell, after spending a night there and seeing the shadows on the wall and hearing the rattling of chains, would confess their crimes rather than be compelled to stay longer in that cell. It was said that the spirit of a Chinaman who had committed suicide in the cell haunted the place. But a few months ago the ghost was found to be the cat hunting near the water-tank for mi-ce. The cat once saved Miss Bertha Kappen- ' mann from being burned to death. She ?was seated near an oil stove reading. She fell asleep and her clothes caught fire. The cat saw the flames, jumped into her lap, .and tore at her dress until she awoke. ? Pussy has been buried In a plot in the local cemetery. More Haste Less Speed Those Australians, and particularly Vic torians, who have recently rushed to South Africa in : the hope of obtaining lucrative employment at the goldfields or picking up plums of one kind or other at the close 'of the war, will probably find they have been altogether too precipitate. According to a despatch from Sir Alfred Milner, Cape town is already overcrowded by people wanting to get to the goldfields ; but -they will be in no better position than those who defer their departure for some months, as, even when peace is established, it -will take a year before employment can reach the same level as before the war. A Clerical Pro-Boer. That Christian preacher, the Rev. Dr. Rentoul, of Melbourne, has been at it again. Referring in a recent sermon to the mili tary necessity of laying waste a portion of the Orange Free State as a punitory mea- ' sure for broken oaths and white flag ?treachery, the reverend doctor, after quot ing from the London 'Times,' 'The importance of the demonstration lies in the fact that ... in destroying houses and emptying a great farming region, described as 30 square miles, we have inflicted da mage which the Boers appreciate and con sider more serious, than the loss of many men in battle,' is reported to have ' said 'it is a shame and a scandal and a crime under God's Heaven. This is what young Australian freemen have been sent by our so-oalled 'Liberal' Government to aid in accomplishing. And all this is done against a Christian people who never did us any wrong.' It would seem that Dr. Rentoul never hoard of British colonists' farms laid waste and homes desolated by the gentle Boers in Natal long before the British reached the Orange State ; but apparently what is done by his Dutch friends against his own coun trymen and* women is perfectly blameless and laudable. The Customs. . The following are the duties collected by H.M. Customs for week ending yesterday at noon: — v , _ : Monday, August 13 ? ? ? ? .£7,235 Tuesday, August 14 ? ? ? ? 4,778 Wednesday, August 15 ? ? ? 5,699 Thursday, August1 16 .............. 5,165 Friday, August 17 ? 4,430 Saturday, August 13 ? ? .2,901'.' . Total ? ...'...v...;:..... £30,203 Total for week ending Sat., Aug. 11, . ? 32,495 Decrease1 1 ; 1 . . .V. . 