PERSONA LITIES. Mr. W. H. Gladstone was president of ' Pop ' — the Eton Debating Society — and, according to one of his schoolmates — who could hardly have realised the pun he was perpetrating — was very popular in that capacity. He was a splendid speaker, a brilliant fives player, and a very useful cricketer — in fact, he was really a good all-round man. The Prince of Wales occasionally played cricket at Cambridge when he was there, but the only formal match he ever took part in was between 1 Zingari and the Gentlemen of Norfolk, at Sandringham. The Prince went in first — and went out first, for cricket balls have not the least respect for royalty, and he was bowled first ball. However, he was on the win ning Bide, the Zingari. Lord Jersey was a splendid runner when he was a boy, and won the mile at Eton in 1662. He was a good football player, but was delicate, and onoe at the College was to fl!&athU; life was despaired of. The Earl of Dudley must be- one of the wBaltmnrtibblemenlnthB kingdom. He owns about 2«X» sores, and his rent-roll is estimated at £123,000. But this by no means represents the real wealth ot the; Wards, for the Earl is a great mine owner and ironmaster in the Midlands. Lord Dndley iaaaestwtes in Worcestershire, BtaiprdsMre, JoerionethBhire, and Box burgflbire. . . The Queen of the Netherlands has a decided fondness for pretty clothes. A large assortment of dress goods was sent to the palace the other day, and her mother prooeeded.to choose for the Queen some alpaca and plain material! but Queen Wilhelmina flatly refused to abide by the selection, and chose figured silks and brilliant dress materials, even for morning wear. She said that her loving parent might make ubb of the plain stuffs if she liked trfcm, but she wanted some thing prettier. Nothing better illustrates the strength of the German Emperor's will than his persistent and successful pursuit oc sport in spite of physical disqualification. Although his right arm~iB useless for shooting purposes, he shoots with such industry and success that he has person ally accounted for neatly 30,000 head of . game. His method of shooting is novel' and ingenious. When the quarry is sighted, his attendant plants a wooaeu forked support in the ground; the Em peror rests his gun on this and fireB with bis left hand, without appearing even to take proper aim. Each day's score is cut . witii a knife on the wooden support. Mr. Charles Neufold, who for twelve years was a prisoner of the Khalifa at Omdurman, had some very terrible ex periences. One little amusement h s captors indulged in was to blow their two great war-horns, made from elephants' tusks, right against his ears, nearly driving him mad, Then he was led out to be hanged ; but he was reprieved at the hut minute, and thrust into a prise n bo densely packed that armfuls of lighted grass had to be flung in by the gaolers, in order to make the unhappy prisoners squeeze still more tightly together. -_ Dr. Newman Hall says that when lie was a very small boy his favourite book was the ? Pilgrim's Progress '—' Piggy Pogey,' as he then called it. At nine he started to smoke, and Bt the Bama age left off smoking for good, because of the un pleasant effects which dried cane cut into cigarettes had upon Ms 'internal economy.' At ton he was sent to school, and was immediately forced by his new friends to help a small boy fight a bigger one, with the result that Hall had his jawbone put slightly out of place, and felt the effects for many years atterwards. Dr. Hall nrust have had a good deal of pluck when he was a youth. He finished up his college life with a knapsack tour in the Highlands with a friend. He naturally read up Sir Walter Scott before going, and found in 'Marmion' that Michael Scott, the magician, was buried is the chancel of Melrose Abbey under a big stone, and that at one o'clock every morn ing he was supposed to rise from his grave, and prowl about. Hall's friend did not care about ghost-hunting, and stayed in bed; but Newman- Hall went to the old Abbey one night, locked himself in, and sat on the stone in the chancel, with a club in his hand, waiting for the appear, ance of the magician. Perhaps the latter was frightened of the club ; at all events, he did not appear. Readers of Dr. George MacDonald'a books will readily believe that he took an early interest in temperance questions. The power with which he describes the evils of intemperance in 'The Fiddling Soutar's Last Tune,' 'Sir Gibbie,' etc, show that he has thought long and to purpose on these matters. How true this is may be gathered from ,the fact that, when in his hut years at school, before leaving his native village at the age of fourteen to attends Aberdeen University, MacDonald was a pronounced advocate of temperance, and used to hold forth among his schoolmates at meetings which were originated and carried on mainly through his influence with his class-fellows. 