WHAT DIVERS SEE ' I hud been a boy in the British Navy said Andrew Cameron to a writer in tho 'Chicago Inter-Ocean,' but at the age of 18 (tho pro scribed ago) I took the position of torpedo ? diver. ! My first real diving experience was off Trineomaleo, Islo of Ceylon. Tho mail boat Hankow had capsized, and all bands on board woro drowned. Tho daughter of the Governor of that island had been to England, and was going home on this ship. I was at Singapore at ?the time, and waa sent for by Admiral Ryder, to recover the mails and bring the bodies bacit. When I had got up about everything, and all tho luggage and bodies I could find I was informed that the Gover nor's daughter was still missing. At last I found hor in a small atato-room, where she had been sitting with her satchel in her hand, ready to go ashore. I had no thought of finding anyone in the room, us tho ports were shut, whereas all tho rest of the ports wero open. Upon entering the door, a strong circulating current was caused, and in an instant the life-liiu; body rose at me with a bound. Perfectly dazed, I filially came to tho surface. When they saw me the men cried: ' Scotty has seen. a ghoat.' When I recovered a littlo bit, I said: ' You had better go down yourself and find the ghost.' Then they told .me that my hair was white, and I went to a glass and aaw my hair, which had been very black, had in stantly changed and waa half white. I was the only diver them, so that aa soon as I waa able I went down and brought up the body. My second diving operation was off the Isle of Wight. H.M.S. Eurydice sank und 500 boys aud men were drowned, only two men having escaped. Your humblo servant being at Portsmouth at the time, I was telegraphed to go down and get the bodies, etc. I pro ceeded with tho work, raising them by means of a heavy case, with iron binding. The work was at a depth of twenty fathoms, and the sight of the hatchways leading down to the main deck jammed with tho men, as they had rushed together to get up, was the vilest I havo ever seen. It was necessary to separate them one by one. and pass them to my mate. The work had to bo done carefully, as they would slip away if merely touched. We found men sitting at a table actually writing letters to folks at home. One of my experiences aboard the Pene lope waa at Alexandria. Tho Council sent word to Admiral Hornby that there were torpedoea arranged todcBtroy tho fleet. One Thursday afternoon the signal went up for divers to look for torpedoes, this being at the time of the bombardment of Alexandria. I went down under fire, and it appeared that I wan the only man who reached the bottom. I found a Whitehcad torpedo, the moat dangerous kind, with fuse attached. I did not know what minute it might go off, but without hesitation I cut the wire with pincers. For this act I was awarded a pension for life. My term of Bervice having expired I returned to Bathgate, and went to work in a coal pit. Shortly after I received a telegram to pro ceed to BunesB, Scotland, and go down =i pit and open a trap door iu a coal-mine, where eight persons wero hemmed In by a torrent of water. Before going down I had to get diving gear. I could not get agood dress, but as thero were lives at stake, 1 went at a great risk. I got within thirty yards of tho victims and cut away at the door, but I was in absolute darkness, and the rushing water drew me away. I then managed to tie myself to a post with the lifeline, and proceeded. This flood was caused by the water from an old mine near by finding its way to the new one. The boy stationed at the trap-door where (he tubes are raised had gone to deep, and the miners, working up au inclined shaft, were not warned of the oncoming flood. As tho shaft filled the men were cut off from the main shaft, as they could not get over the hutches, the road being very narrow. After going up for a spell, I returned, to find one of tho men silting near n glimmer ing light, nnd a boy crying. As I approached they both run back, thinking I wus a devil, although I tried to motion to them. I found a spike- nail, and going all the way out of the water, I removed my mouthpiece. This was rather dangerous, as my guide might havo drawn me into tho wator. When I got it off and talked to them, they wanted to know what day it waB, as they had been three days without food. 1 then went to the top of tho pit und took food to them in a tin can. I opened it with ray diving-knife, and gave tho men a share. There were hundreds of people at the pit waiting for the good word, and I think the first manly thing 1 ever did was to bring this littlo bov on- mv shoulder thirty vards through the darkness and water and send him to his mother, where a Dr. Kirk took him in hand. By thia time tho water had abated considerably, and I succeeded in get ting all hands out. In three hours moro the water would have filled the shaft where tho men were located. Mygreatestfeat.whichmado metheworld's record diver, was at Loch Craig, Inverness shire, Scotland. It. was where the embank ment had given way, a coincidence similaf to the recent wreck on the New York Central Railroad. Tho heavy supply of rain caused Mi a embankment to subside about six inches, and the rails being off the level, the embank ment gavo way and the engine left tho rails and tipped into the water. It was a mineral train, and only the en gine wont over, as the coupling yielded. Drivers fuiled to go down, as it was 200 feet. I was culled from a place culled Dolo Bay, where I was working for the Northern Lake Company. I proceeded at once to search for tho two bodieB; being a Government cer tificute man I had to go. I found [ would need longer diving tackle. I had but two 60ft. lengths. When 1 had got moro tubing I went down with tho three lengths, and landed a short distance from thu engine at tho bottom. I fitted up two iron railway chairs, which I used in making the descent. I Hank them to tho bottom on a coil.of twenty-seven rope, and I had to go up and down it like a monkey. On my firBt actual descent I lauded on the funnel of tho eng'mo. I climbed down, and found tho engineer standing with his hand clinched ou the t hrottle valve. Tho fireman was standing with such a death-grip upon the hand- break that I found it difficult to get him away. I made them fust to the lino I had with me, and aacended. I reckon I was down thirty minutes. Tho weight of tho diving dress is no small item in the work, the actual weight being 180 pounds to carry about, including 28 pounds on each foot. When I came up I was bleeding at the nose, cars, and mouth, us the preasuro on my body was 8-V pounds to tho square inch, in addition to tho outer pressure of tho water on my body. 