?i-:. ?? * «tmmm» CHAPTER LVlfi.— (Continued.) !jfifldbtf..'^nijfwfa tto nie,' o sinner!' ' YmmQfiⅈ!temiUffm4 repeated tMi&^foJbig was to me, the wife who toveWntf 7-; : . . ..' : ? I J^Pfntnl?,*' said' the sister—1 1 can imaginjB^alL',, ,, . ; , . , - f At fiostit was stymied ; I read that fatal; - letter? over -and over again. I (jould^ifeRnfeF^eiili^,: tieiieve nor under stand. , At JasJ^t ta4t! '/ 'knew he liatl gone ifrom; mefr^the Wu. wnpm I loved, my lover, uiy 'husband, love ! He had left me, and had taken some one else ill my place ^'and( I, even when j. realised it— oh, heart of atone J — I neither went mad nor died. The letter gave me no reason : he did not saj why he had done it—why he. had. left me— only that he had gone from me forever, but that lie loved me always.' ' Did it— did he say that ?' the low voice aaked again. Ah, Heaven J how cruel, how faithless he had been to both ! 'Did he say that?' asked Sister Marie. ' Yes ; I can remember the very words — they were written in letters of fire on my brain :. 'Oh, Elinor, beautiful, fte loved, faithful wife, good-by foreveruiore ! I go out into the darkness of death. Good-by!' The letter ended with those words.' Again for a few moments there was silence that was like the pulsation of pain. * Out into the darkness of death, 4 repeated Sister Marie, with a shudder. * Those are terrible words. And oh ! Lady Rydal, do you not see, do you not understand, those are not the words of a successful lover V «That is the mystery,1 said Lady Rydal. It was well that she could not see the anguish in the v beautiful face of the Countess of Lynn. * I had never heard the name of the Countess of Lynn,' continued Lady Rydali— * I knew nothing of her, had never heard any mention of her. My husband had talked to me about many ladies, but he never mentioned her. Vivian, Countess of Lynn ! Oh, sister, what had I done 4hat she should take my husband from me ? And she,— oh, shame, bitter shame that such words should be said ! — she had a husband of her own. I cannot tell what happened then until I found myself with my father, more than half mad with sorrow and shame, but quite unable to realize then that ' he had gone forevermore. And, sister, my children, who would have comforted me, I dare not tell, because little Gordon had his father's eyes. 4 1 have often wondered,' said Lady Rydal, ' if the martyrs who were placed upon the rack remembered afterward all they had suffered then. I can remember my pains. I remember — would to Heaven that I could forget ! — the long, terrible days, the long, terrible nights— the hours when I longed and prayed for death — the hours when I could not bear the light of the sun, the song of birds, or the odor of flowers — the hours when I longed only to turn my face to the wall and dit ! I do not not know how I lived through them. Oh, sister, it was hard to bear. Why, you are crying over me, dear!1 For Sister Marie had bent her head over the white hands — burning kisses and burning tears fell on them. 1 1 am so sorry for you?, said ^isteij, Marie. ♦ You were so young* and ^it was very cruel.1 „ ..,...„ 1 Yes, it was moire cruel than death,'.' said Lady $ydal.', . * It would have 'been far more merciful, on the morning he left me, if, he had.pjiinged a s^ordinjmy , heart— it would have ' been much better ' for me. It was too cruel. AUm^ life was blighted, ruined) lost ; and yet my only fault was that I had loved him itbo well, W,hy, Sister Marie, you are crying bitterly for me !' * I am bo , a«pry for you,, .dear | it was so hard. Bo you forgive her— this «ruel; wicked woman, who took your husband from you 7' . , ?Forgive for £ said Lady Rydal, slowly. ' I — I have never thought of that. I have wondered often if 1 could forgive him — my heart bleeds for, him ; but her— the woman who lured mv love away, who stole, my husband, who robbed my children of their father— for- give her- — no ! Let Heaven punish her !' ?Oil, my dear — my dear, those are terrible words to say!' said Sister Marie. t - jit was a terrible thing to dp,' replied Lady Rydal— l a terri^e thing. r It may be that the world laughs at such tttoriejg; but I cannot forget the stern written law of Heaven. Ypu know, sister, jirhat happened to women who sinned as she sinned? In the olden days they were s ton ned to death. I saw a picture once ; t wish Vivian, Countess of Lynn, could have seen it. Such a picture I It. was of the Jewish law, of the time when women sinned as the. Countess of Lynn had sinned, were, stonned to death. The difference between the olden times and these!- Then a woman who lost her honor and betrayed her husband was stoned to death, and died in the agony of pain and shame; now the world merely laughs, makes a jest of it, and the only thing it ends in is divorce and damages ; but in these days sin was accounted sin, and people gave it its right name. My dear, you are crying still.' ? It is only that I am so sorry for you,' she said — ? so sorry.1 'It would have gone hardly with Vivian, Countess of Lynn, if she had lived in those days, sister. The words tore the very heart of the listening woman; but how could she, without revealing herself, defend herself? She had been madly, foolishly wicked, but not so bad as that. Let the anguish of that interview on the Calais sands' prove the truth. But she could not speak in her own defence. : ? I shall never forget that picture, said Lady Rydal. « The pity is that all the wives who are inclined to think lightly of honor and purity, can not have it ever before their eyes. Let me tell you what it is like. ?A great, grand picture j it repre sented the interior, or rather the outer, portion of the Jewish temple — one could see the pillars, and arches, and the doors that led to the interior. There was a, jvast crowd— people of all kinds— women and men, old and young, rich and poor, and they had all gathered to see this woman die. ?Strange that the sun shining ' now, over the limes and the roses should have, shone on thai : scene ; there was the stern faces, of men, and the, weeping faces of, women, the wondering' faces of little children. Ah, sister, fancy, a fashionable, crowd gathered in Hyde Park to see Vivian, Countess of Lynn, stonned to death for the same sin ! ' In the midst of tb,e .crowd knelt a woman, young and very fair ; she had a face of wondrous beauty, and a. mass -of dark, waving hair. I wondered, .as -'X looked at her, what her history had been, . ' Had she loved one man and married another, then met the .one she loved and lost herself ? Had she married without., love, and afterward met some one whom she did love, and so gone wrong 1 Oh/ sister, do not cry so ! Or had she fallen into sin lightly, without thought, as perhaps some do ? ? She had been brought there to die among those stern men ; no friendly face was near her ; the husband she had' injured was not by her side. They; had stripped the beautiful arms and shoulders bare — oh, sister, do not cry . so !-«*and they were beginning to stone her. One sharp, cruel stone had struck the white shoulder, and had made a great bleeding wound ; another had put the beautiful hand ; a third had bruised the; white bosom. : She held up her arm to defend herself, and the arin was. covered with cruel wounds. There could* be no defence. She had grievously sinned,5 and she had to die!— to die 1 The fine* ladies of these days, who think dishonor a jest, should feel the blows from these stones, sister. - ? '??? 1 Stoned to death! She would not live long, for the shower of stories would grdw heavier* Perhaps, the: strong,: stern men who threw, them grew' sorry for her, and would kill lier soorii Oh, sister, do you think that of alLthoaewhd stood round to. slay; her and .to see * her. die— do: you think there was one-withbut sin 7 .-jAnd' ? .oh, ;,sist-er, .:! : wonder-*!! wonder where is the justice of Heaven ? The sin is the same sin ; it wants the same punishment ;. the God who punishes it ia.the_,isame Ood.. . Yet in 'Cho'se days a woman was stoned' to d^ath, ;(and 1n these she is laughed at for beinef' found but, ibid, 'forgiven: The^afyS; *of 'ihen may dHarigeybut never the jaws of God. Let'lhemlbok .to it' Who ;ljwft thV law that bids husbands and wives be true to each other. ?T have never forgotten that picture, andin my own mintt I have always' -JaUed the kneeling figure— the woman st^nefl to death', the beautiful, guilty 'creature witW the breeding brow and bruised, breast— Vitian, ' Countess of Lynn, No ^ ,t have not' forgiven' her. ?No.! If she h'adtlaiketi from me my last farthing— -if she had robbe&(m6 of my fair ttame— if she had' taken the fair ness from my face— if she had- stamped : out whatever beauty God 'has giv«rf ' me — if she had done me the deadliest injury — I would have1 forgiven1 her— t would have taken her even to my heart of hearts. But having stolen from me my husband, let God punish her. No men will throw stones' at her ;' but every tear she has cost me will become a stone iu the hands of the angels/ Oh, sister, do not cry so ! * I will tell you the rest lof the story that was my death. Then iriy husband left, and went away with Vivian, Coun tess of Lynn. Since then I have been a heart-crushed woman— the shadow of my former sell* The ghost of Elinor Gordon has taken my place. ' For me all life ended when I lost my love.' CHAPTER LIX. sister Marie's counsel. . ; 4 You must not think,' resumed Lady Rydal, ? that I bear actual living malice and hatred in my heart. Perhaps if ever she asked me to pardon her, I might do so ; but she never will. I ; shall never see her in this world; we shall meet before the bar of Heaven in the next. * I will tell you the rest of my story { you will see that it is sad above all others. When I quite understood and ! had brought home to my own mind the ! force of the truth, I sent for my father: You can imagine his grief ; he had loved ; Lionel so entirely, and^had' trusted - him I with his whole heart. 1? He came ; the lawyer, Mr. Norton, came ; but 'there was nothing to be done. My father heard no word from him ; we have heard no word since. : ?My husband had' acted, as he 1 thought, most generously to hirn tome'; \- he had divided his income between* us ; | he wished me to remain always at Dun ' wold, until Gordon came of age; so that it was clear enough when he sent these directions he never intended' to' return.' * 'They were written before' he left England V asked. Sister Marie. ? ?Yes; they mnsfHiave 4-een; he wrote to the unhappy lady V husband, Lord Lynn, ^herewas n6thing to be 'done. The lawyer, John? 'Norton,' 'of | Lincoln's Inn, could tell us nothing : he j Was; more astonished than we were ; but She knew about Lady- Lynn. He said she was iveryyoung and very 'beautiful;1 ! that her husband was ©Id and stern ; she : was half Spanish, half English, i and hiad for two seasons been the queen of beauty and fashion ; but he could - not tell nie why she had lured my husband away; \ no one knows that. ';?;'? *? ?'? ; i ; * I had a long illness* then* and I wa» j recovering, Iford Lynn came to see me.1 i . Sister Marie could not repress a cry of ; surprise. — * Lord Lynn V shef«ried. ' ' But- Lady Rydal did not seem to' see anything unnatural in her surprise; '^ , ? Yes ;? yes is it ni»t strange ?? Do you know, Sister. ' Marie, when' I sawihiin ahd-^and*— thought of Sir'Lioneli [felt a little sorry for her. He was old and he looked sterh, he had an angry face,Oand I thbught how different^it was to the face of my husband. I «ould imagine how he would crush the life and happi-i ness of a bright ^ourig- girl, such as' they pictured Lady (Lynn.; ' 'Still, it waB' no excuse, he was her husband^and'she1' was bound to him, no matter what he iwas.''' ? ? ??;?' ? ;; ?? ??? '? ?? ? ] ' ??????;--- !i; : , ♦ No.' said Sister Marie, geatly;^ it ;was ' no ? ekcuse. ' But why did'pome to i Do«s she would) shecould4ibt»tepreB8^ Itbe cariosity 'she * i«lt. What ii^Tconld ' poBsibly have take Lord Lynn ;tb Dun- ? wold? :? ????i; -- *-{---???*?' *?'?) '?'?^ 'He came,' said Lady Rydal, i-4o* consult me. I felt. sorry for him ; there was a dignity and courtesy about him which I admired, and I am sure he loved ; his young wife very dearly. He wanted to know what I was going to do — what I had thought of it, and I told him * Nothing.' He said that after long thought he came to the same decision.' Sister Marie listened eagerly now. How she had longed to know this. ? Lord Lynn said the greatest punish ment that could be awarded to them would be to take no steps. He also said' that if we went through all 'the miseries of; the' divorce court it would -Only result in their marriage. ^ Can you imagine anything one-half 'so horrible ? i * If1 Lord Lynn had applied for a divorce, and I had done the same, the two who inflicted Bucbjpain and anguish upon us could have been married. Lord Lynn said that society was so corrupt that if they returned to England married, the chances were that they would be received into the world again. That seems to me horrible.' ? It is horrible,' said Sister Marie, gently. ' Lord Lynn was very kind to me,' Lady Rydal continued, ' he could not hay» been kinder ; and one thing he said pleased me much— you will think I am a weak, foolish woman. Speaking of his wife, he said : * She is very beauti ful ;' he added, ' but she is no fairer than you.' I cannot tell you how it was, but that comforted me. ? The one thing that puzzled us was this : Some friend told Lord Lynn that he had seen Sir Lionel Rydal at Alexandria, and that he was quite alone. That was a mystery. If he could leave me, the children, home, friends, and all in the world, for her sake, why were they parted? I, have never believed it. I think, instead of his being alone, that Sir Lionel kept her from every one's sight. Then, sister, we heard no more. I do hot know in what part of the world my husband lives ; the only thing I do know, is this— that he must be living, or we should have heard of his death ; that seems certain!' ' But Sister Marie was. just as puzzled. Why had he not returned ? Since they partejl on, the Calais sands she had heard nothing of him. Where had he gone ? What was he doing ? She longed to know — she would have risked almost anything to know. But his wife was in the same position. Why had he not returned? ? (To be Continued.) 