OPENING- O F T ETT3 NEW GERMAN CHURCH AT GREENOCK. Greenock, April 24. Un Sunday last the town wa-s full of visitors and people from the immediate neighborhood, the occasion being the open ins; of. tljo nhw -G^ctuin Church of St. Peter. ?: This erentfaas been looked forward, to for somntime by the people round hero, as previously the service was held in the Wesley&a; Oburpb, which ,wa| too smaU for the;conftTe£?aticpSj Earlyjaf the aioraiog people, began from i≪^it&ctians;, and at 10 o'clock a large congregation had assembled to witness the opening ceremony. At the gate a procession was formed," headed by £?astofe G, A.. Heidenreich (of Bethany), J. HS.: Heidenreich (pastdr of new church), II. Harms (of Blumberg), and A. Brauer (of Hahndorf). and six little girls carrying the .Bible, cross, sacrament cup, and candles tor the altar. The pro cession marched round the church once singing a hymn, and then stopped at the' door, when Pastors Harms and Brauer read Poi'rn xxiv. The Ray Gr A. Heidenreich then declared the church open in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy G-host, and proceeded to ' the altar and placed the Bible, cup, and candles upon it, meanwhile reading appropriate passages of Scripture? The choir ot the Bethany Church, under the coaductorship of Pastor J. H. S. Heiden reich. rendered an anthem. Pastor G. A. Heidenreich addressed the congregation on their duty to the church, aud exhorted them to follow, in the footsteps of Jesus Christ, as did that great inartjr for the Christian faith.. Mai'tin Luther. His re marks weremdde from Psalm ixxiiv. After , prayer .and -praise, Pastor H. . Harms delivered animpressive Sermon fromTjuke six., 1 10,' <3<>smg the 'Service .wjjth ail j anthem and benediction- ? ] la the affcerfioon the congregation was even lar-'er than that of tlie morning, and scores of people were unable to gain admis sion into the chnrch. The first part of the service was conducted in English by Pastor A. Brauer, who, after the choir had rendered the ahtheai. " Praise the Lord," preached from Psalm lxxxiv., 1-3. His dis course was well delivered, and was listened to. with wrapt attention. Pastor J, H (J. Heidenrich conducted- a short German service, and preached from Rev. xxi., 1-5. The service closed with singing and prayer. The evening service was conducted by Pastor J. H. G Heidenreich. who preached to another large congregation. Although, the cburch is not quite fiuished, the inside presents quite a pretty appear anee. Tbe altar, which is draped with a rich black velvet cloth, worked with gold thread, with a heavy gold fringe, is adorned with the sacra^aeutal cup, Bible, cross, and cushion on whi'qji the key of the church was carried, Abp^e the altar is the pulpit, which feoT^iiak color. Should the congre gation incr^asei'to such an extent as -to . render it necessary, a gallery can be erected at the back of tbe church on the same principle as that of the Daveyston Church Du;ing tbe day tea and coffee were pro vided gratis by the ladies for visitors, and in fact; for everybody, and their kindness was greatly appreciated. The collections at the services were very satisfactory. . 