GHOSTS THAT HAUNT ' WINDSOR CASTLE. " — : — — Is England in Danger? There is a tradition that whenever England is in danger ghosts of some' of her former kings and queens walk in the lonely chambers of Windsor Castle. Strangely enough, just as the country is agitated by the Transvaal difficulty the uneaBy shade of King Henry VIII. has been detected in the act of flitting about the Castle. There are now three ghosts of the first-class who are reported on excellent authority to be in the habit of walking through the corridors and chambers of ancient Windsor. These are : — Henry VIII., Queen Elizabeth, Charles I. The alleged appearance of Henry VIII. has been made publio in a some what roundabont manner. It was learned recently that the Queen had ordered the lighting of the great State Library of the Castle by electricity. As the room is a. very ancient one, lined with splendid woodwork of great value and antiquity, the work of fitting iu the electric light wires is a difficult and delicate one. Moreover, it was not necessary for ' the benefit of readers, because no one has occasion to use it at night. The: news about the lighting of the library, therefore, oreated some interest, and inquiry elicited the fact that it had been ordered by the Queen at the request of some superstitious members of her family and household. The last person who saw a ghost in the OaBtle waB Lieutenant Arthur St. Leger Glyn, of the Grenadier Guards, a grand son of Lord Wolverton. He is a young man of vigorous health with a matter of fact temperament, and is said to be not at all mystical in his nature. He relates that he was in command of the guard in the interior of the Castle. It was late in the evening, and he was standing in the library. A dim light straggled through the anoient stained- glass windows. Suddenly.He became aware of a figure advancing silently down the middle of the library. It came swiftly past him, and filled him with such fear and astonishment that he stood helpless for several moments. Then he recovered himBelf, and called Bternly to the intruder to explain who he was. The figure passed on without paying any attention. Lieutenant Glyn drew his sword, and thrust it at the figure. The sword met with no resist ance. The figure went on and disappeared through the door. Lieutenant Glyn ran out, and asked a sentinel if he had Been the man who had just passed through. The sentinel replied that he had seen no one. Lieutenant Glyn afterwards consulted with the librarian, and various old officials, and told them what he had Been. The figure, aB well as he could remember, was that of a man in sixteenth century dress. He wore long hose and a doublet, which appeared to be richly decorated. He was of tremendously heavy build, and great girth. His features were bloated, and wore an ex- , pression of anguish. Most of the Castle officials with whom Lieutenant Glyn consulted agreed that he had seen the ghost of King Henry VIII., whose appearance has been reported at rare intervals in the Castle. Lieutenant Glyn admitted that all he had seen tended to confirm this view. It is astonishing to find so many people of high position, and presumably high intelligence in England, who give oredence to these ghost stories. Princes and princesses, army officers, high dignitaries of the Church, and Court officials do not question theBe super natural appearances in Windsor Castle. Many of these persons give oiroum- stantial accounts of apparitions they witnessed. When Lieutenant Glyn's story became known it was decided that the ghosts were becoming too numerous, and a menace to peace and comfort. Of course, they cannot be prevented from walking in the small hours of the morning, but that they should disturb modern ladies and gentlemen early in the evening is intolerable. The Queen was, therefore, petitioned to have the library lighted by eieotricity, and gave her consent. It. is not supposed that the.ghoBt of a six teenth century king will care to appear in the electric light. It is only two years ago since Mr. -Holmes, the librarian of Windsor Castle, 'reported the appearance of another ghoBt in this library. He wbb reading there, when he became aware of a mysterious presenoe. He looked, and saw a woman wearing a ooronet, an im mense ruff, a stomacher covered with jewels, and a voluminous skirt. He at once recognised that it was Queen Elizabeth. She was wringing her hands, and her faoe wore an expression of fear. Mr. Holmes followed the apparition, but it disappeared through a door, and a woman who was outside said that she had seen no one. The EmpreBB Frederick of Germany, oldest daughter of the Queen, declares that she saw the ghost of Queen Eliza beth in the library when she was a child. In the library there iB a gallery which was built by Queen Elizabeth. Its windows look out on the terrace of the Castle. Here the Queen U3ed to walk, and devise schemes of statecraft. There is at least one other ghost in Windsor. The Dean of Windsor, who is also chaplain to the Queen, is not sure whether Henry VIII. or Queen Elizabeth haunts the Castle, but he does know that the spirit of King Charles I. is to be seen annually in the vicinity. The ghost of the beheaded monarch is reported to viBit an ancient house in the Canon's Close, which is a dependency of the Castle. Mrs. Boyd-Carpenter, wife of the Bishop of Ripon, whose husband was formerly a Canon of Windsor, occupied thiB house. She states that on June 26 she heard the ghost walk upstairB and open a door, but did not see it. After wards she learned that June 26 was the night on which the unhappy monarch waB reputed to visit the house every year. , One cannot imagine a more suitable locality for ghosts than Windsor"Castle. It has been the residence of every English monarch Bince William the Conqueror, and had seen more than eight hundred years of splendour, blood, crime, romance, and tragedy. It was built by William the Conqueror shortly after 1066. St. George's Chapel, which is attached to it, waB finished by Henry VII., father of Henry VIII., whose ghost is reported to have been seen (ban. 