? ? OOPTXIOHT. " GaAnna x-cctaiwnurf.) _ % 3ft VRTRGRT/TRFRT/I/FRRMT,,, IFarfem, of"TheGr:»t Porter Stnw» MjaUjtj," "Grit" "•IktSwil Nairet" ' * Miriam BonQa," "A. ZUtAM^n '^e Oolto ' -Hit "Betrayal «f'JAn JKriham," to., to. BliU during one of fait later • visit* to ha mat the focuig lady who •ftaaMM kit swond wife. The passion* and tedlMtea of «MD «re matters of impulse •aM'jiitwHhuinn, and though they may be •satesOad fthey eannot be destroyed. The 'Sauid Itaabraj- saw Gabriells a r oflove took root in his hetrt, and eoropanied him "when be "went ee. ! Bhe was <rmy little older htsr Valerie, and it night iifht that the dbparitgr «gee would have ' held ldm ^Utek. Bat strong-minded as ha' was, than* hsd' fallen and he corfd •ot resist it. If oecanonally the doubt Intrn&d; tttdf that the union of a Udy with a mate old enough to be hw father was unwise, It'ww fantutly dismissed. In the llvee of most man there are overwhelming tidea'which' cany them onward despite themselves. Thai Bethaid Xaahmy loved Gabrielle gmlninliily inno way lessened his love for Valerie ; It helped, indeed, to strengthen it, Intlhil ili at it opened the door to a closer B»d nion ooastant companionship with bit iear child. It would alto impart new sweet- ;B*as to OabdtDe'a nnion with him, for die ' would hare a oomp&mon; of her own affe \- always by her aide. He enoountged every MfaaMBt favourable to the consummation of \- Iwtriat wishes, and dimmed every atgnaent which bade him refleot before he took fiaal stnp. peculiar ciroamstanoes which in. Gabriells's father was so i <a pwmniMy difficulties that win Un in the faoe. Not only ruin bnt . -far in his frantic efforts to release tlwtt from disaster he had in an incautious stepped aside from the patti of Saposure meant dishonour, dis- When Bernard M&ubrey; apftearad upon the soene all this was known te^WWeUe, in whom her father, weak and Jfcfcm'of purpose, had oonfided, and her aoul VM filled with horror at the <l Bernard Maubray wat tha one > oonld avert this tragedy, who oonld preeoi ve her father'shonour, and in a moment s# daspair the consented to be his wife. No shadow of this despair was viaible te Ifanhrmy. He loved, and was blind. The -tadasss of her faoe was aoeounted for by the aiowd whioh hone over her father's honoured At cloud which it was his good to remove. To this cause, alio, he her wandering glanoea and the • clasping of her hands when he pressed Us suit. In a certain sense her sadness imparted a spiritual dement to her beauty, wait given that her heart was at rest, all else was well. Sat her heart was not at rest. She contented to.mairyBernard Maubray, bnt die did act-is** hilt. Had tha mads ttis dear to lum he would have instantly released her, bnt 'tfca-fcapi her aeeret dote—the secret which only CM man could have suspected, and that aaaa -aae of tha base aeatiuol of the earth wlmsscnwi aasilinwii •ilhiim jniml nimiinil Wgteed hopee, with shame and despair, and sumittuiM death. Even as ft was die woald not have aooepted Bonard Maubray had die not lad a firmconviction that her days were numbered, and that she wonld soon go down to the grave with her secret nnrevealod. By her act the ideated her father from impending dishonour; by nature's decree she would be tared from a woman's deepest shame. So they were-married in Paris, and in the church in wt£oh the ceremony took place forked the villain who had betrayed hor. He t mo far back in the g^oom of anfflnmined r that he did net see the faoes of bride i; be beard -the sound of murand, ^ the - ceremony over, he twfafing hit Mephistopheliaa i Withan air of Satisfaction. It was • sn <A«tade 'removed, and he was contented. 94 Bt M] fatth," he murmured, with a smile, " I "bare bad my pastime, and Gabrielle is . settled in life. Fkrewdl, my sweet Gabrielle." Bat if it contributed to his satisfaction to think Oat the conseqnenoes of his bate act were for ever removed, and that tbeywonld yiay ao part niUifitan, he coold have paid •e ncwd to that <drad Fate whieh'wwivos its thfisns in slenoe and darlmeas, andover- • taras the 'gvandest aswdlas the meanest of multl •liiimnr si Hin moment of-fruition. Ih lwM oia «mta' and dream our dreams, heedless of the unseen shadow which waits apos «nr actions, and lo! when the edifice is ' uw uid and Hie dream is dreamed, a thundercloud honts*and Jays waste the work of the best years of our life. Ban fat his house, with his bride aad his daughter tyliis side, Bernard Maubray sent forth a wink which set the seal upon his leuuwu as one of the world's great- painters. Three of his happiest months went by, and then the clouds beearoe tnertasl. Gabrielle aarii 1 to he pining away. Aiwa; -aad issumed, diegtew even fonder and solitude. With love's a&Ucitnde; he \- tibsts i ed bow thin and white she waa, bow the If at sound struck terror to-her heart, howwben ahewasinthengbt andheepeike to her ahaomted as though to war&off; a Wow. He yiiMtiorod Valerie privattdy. HadUsfarteDe eomplaiBedf "No,*' answered- Valerie, "die never -oomplains." "But the stfffntaP" "Tea, she suffers." "Have yon-tried to aaoortain the cause t" " Yet, but ahe insists that die is quitewdl." (t Is the 'beuse' too quiet for her. . Daw die wishfocoowyuiyf", " No, die dread? it." And Valene^Orew his j attention to "the cumwslaiwet that visiton «sae, or strangers were - anfiuUuced, bef eoe deorp was' to avoid them. Indeed, tt this time, unknown -to the father and r daag}iter, Gabrielle was att»mptiag *frgbt to spot where die was luknowta, and sue oonld remain bidden from tfse sight •f aH who knew her. He questioned Qabtielle also, and was distressed by the nervOtktnMs and fear she exhibited when they were alone • Do I frighten you, Gabrielle f he asked tenderly. ••No, no," die replied, "w-hy should'! be frightened when yoaspedctbnieF" Btt'tven as riwsiasutd 1 sbiUnk frotn him and eonld not look him in -the face. " If fen have sny'gHsf, confide in me." '• Tet, I w«f was never'strong, you know." "We wil] a>—E you strong," he said, •hiving to qiedc cbeerfnlly. " Ton are ray good to n»t—too good, -too good!" She wat cm the vtr^ge of Tears.• snd be fon>' bore to question ber farther. -All that-lore ; analil do was dotm—witheat avafl.- Her peace wf awnd awiueil to lie dttUuf ad. r Inti Haohrsr'a most intiasate -fifcnd was Dr. Weber, a phymcian of great drill fend tiuesisnce, and from this feitnd 'he- eoudit -•dviee." Dr. Weber aocumpanied the artht > andgv*'» gentle bant to Oabrida ti t of his mmyaihil'iMt niihsiid jaaaatahsn," she said, -bnt • that strange air cf fear about her. • "t am^ufta well. Xtis-only alittk wesk- ,-mm, tetwai^ass^C I am glad toaee •-tfow,"J3r. Water, •asm Mend. I do ant n- •WNttdMsmM." Brayely as she spoke she could not command her vodoe ; her eyes filled with tean. Tears name easily now. "Well, well, roadaroe,''said Dr. Weber, " behold me as a friend, not a physician." During the ensuing fortnight he paid several visits to Crow's Nest, and making quiet .observance of Gabrielle arrived at a moolnaion. " She must hare change of air and change of soene," he said to Maubray. " Of the two I believe the latter-is the more important, tine has something on her mind over which ehe is brooding, and the quiet routine of her life may be injurious. Map out a three months tour, and do not stop'three days in one plaoe. Take her to theatres where light pieoes and light music are being played, little frivolity will do no harm." When the prejeot was unfolded to Gabrielle she assented to it gladly, even eagerly. It was as if a weight were lifted from her soul—from ~Manbray'e also. His heart grew light at the relief expressed in her countenance. He showed her tbe plan of the tour he had mapped out, and spoke of the pleasure in store for them. " We will start to- morrow,"he said. "We!" she cried, and the light died out of her face. You, I, and Valerie," he said, wondering at thisohaage in her. " No,-no," she exclaimed hysterically. <• I must go alone—alone." " My dearest Gabrielle " But die would not listen. With a scared look around, panting and weeping, she cried again, "I must go alone—alone." So great was the violenoe of her passion that he oeased to expostulate with her. He would not, however, consent to her going without a companion, and after much urging and pleading a compromise was agreed upon, Valerie was to aoeompaay her, and Maubray was to remain at home. As, in aoeordanoe with Dr. Weber's advice, the ladies were to stop no longer than three days in one'place, it was arranged that Maubray should address his letters to the po$U raUmte in the nex town or city to which they were bound. "You will write regularly," he said to Gabrielle. "Don't efk me to promise," ahe said. "The moment I sit down to write a letter my head begins to acho." ..But Valerie premised to write two or three mes a week, and with that he was fain to be content. So the adieux were spoken, and they rode away. Valerie in her letters spoke more of Gabrielle than of herself. Now the invalid was a little better, now die was not-quite so well, now she said she was feeling a little stronger. "Hme and time again did Maubray express his earnest desire to join them, if only for a week or u few days, but Gabrielle would not hear of it, and somewhat to his surprise he. was dissuaded also by Valnrie, who before their departure was very anxious that h« should aooompany them. Condemned to seclusion he took mental ) refuge in work, and spent most of bis time in the Ruined Tower, where he painted from-memory a marrellone portrait of his wife, absence from whom intensified the love he bore torher. He wrote long letters to the absent ones, and to Gabrielle he poured forth his soul, writing as a young man might have done nnder the influence of tbe first divine dream of love. If sometimes in Valerie's lettem there was a forced gaiety, he did not detect it, having an eye only to the brighter issues of this enforced separation from those he held most dear. Thus month after month went by until four had passed, and then tbe thunderbolt fell. One morning, without any intimation that he was coming, Dr. Weber asoended the steps;of the Ruined To—er. and stood in the ptesenoe of his friend CHAPTER XL Bernard Maubray was putting tbe finishing touches to the portrait of his wife, upon which until this day no eye had fallen but his own. With mingled admiration and distress Dr. Weber gased upon the beautiful work. "It lives, Weber," cried the artist entfansiaatiaaUy; "it almost breathes. What say yon?" "It is wonderful I" replied Dr. Weber, oppressed by the mournful news he was intrusted to communioate. Tbe sad note in the doctor's voice drew Maabray's attention to him; but he turned the next moment to the engrossing creation of his loving fartoy. "I did not with you to see it," he continued, " until it was completed. It has been my principal occupation these last two months, and even now lam scarcely satisfied; it is hardly worthy of the original, but who oonld hope to fix upon oaavas a face and form so perfect ? It it my gift to her upon her return, when she looks upon it she will know that the has lived in my heart. Valerie's letters lead me to expect that I shall not have long to 'wait for our happy reunion." "I have board from bar," said Dr. Weber. "From Gabrielle P" "No, from Valerie." Again the sadness of his voice attracted the natieirof the artist, and now he gazed upon hia friend mom attentively. " I «n*uilty .. , of mat selfishness,"' he said, laying hie hand kindly' upon his - friend's nheiidSer. " It is the curse of -our nature. RSrgive my apparent indifference. You are in trouble." 'Yes, I am in trouble ; but not alone for Hanbuy. There are sorrows which wt deeply through sympathy with those we love." Man bray's face grew pde as he laid aside his palette and brushes. " Yoa have received a letter from Valerie. Does this sorrow touchmeF" "Ittoocheayou, dear friend." " Valerie is ill," cried Maubray. Then I most go to her. I was too weak and irresolute; they should not have gone without me. I must go to ; them at once—at once!" Valerie It well," said Dr. Weber, and his voice grew more grave. "Good Qod! It is ftabtidle! Tell me Jjuicklf—quickly! Why did not Valerie write tome? -apeak, man, speak! There is something in your face " "Summon all yourfortitude, dear friend. Vritrie did nc*'write to you -direct because she feared tin shook." " Tbetdmckr' exclaimed Mjmbray, a vague terror staffing-upon him. "She is on her way home; die will toon •btf bere." " With Gabrielle — oh, thank God ! Oabrtdle is iH, but we will nurso her into 'bcslth. My care, yDurskffl " His «gitabon oteipos eied Un, and he nottld not-proceed. "Valerie comes alone," said Dr. Weber, solemnly. "Alone!" " Dear friend, there are griefs which need all our strength to bear. They come to all «asn; it tribe knmas lot. Bnt in the midlt tfotraqgnldi Mtto wyijlMH toxa, *ad MHNVN wflHidp toviiften axmumt of dastiny. The m ,, , naaaut i and4$mvth* bsslor, arfflndtigata our sufferings." "Gabrielleisdaadf atUt-Jbahov in a mufflad taoe, and femad bit faos tothTwall. " Alaal" In Oat one word the revelation, made. For many minutes neither spok*; BwSi, Weber said, "Valerie asked me to vnsak the sadnaws; ahe endosed a letter for you." "Leave me, Webec,*' said the bereaved man. - Do not speak, 1 oaaaot- bearft. Sht is gone I -Gene ! He sank into a chair. abd oevere& his face with bis bands. A Haek deadatiftn feOnpea him ; joy died out of the worid ;nethmg W pain ana sorrow remained. Zhe'imsfte of Gabrielle presented itaelf to him, as he first saw ber in Paris wbsn love twufc^d-hia -basrt; as he last saw bear when die .departed with Valerie. Had he but known—bad lie but known I Tbe image slowly faded, and the world was dead. He did not wrap; the blow was too crashing for tbe rdtef of tears. Dr. Weber placed Valerie's letter on (he table, and softly left the room. It was a full hour before he stirred from his recumbent attitude, and when he raited his head his eyes rested upon the portrait of Gabrielle. He had depicted her with a smile upon her face, and her lips teemed to be opening in the act of speaking. Was it possible that this dumb canvas should tivs and she be dead f No, it was not potable ; some deoeit had been practised upon him. But Valerie's letter dispelled this delation ; the words twam in his sight, but reached his sense. " She died in peaoe. Dear father, be comforted." A smile, bitter in its rebellion against the inevitable, came his bps. " Be comforted! " What eonld comfort a man living in a dead world! This was a great tragedy in Bematd Maabray's life, but in the heart of this tragedy was a secret, mercifully hidden from Jam by Valerie, the knowledge of which wonld have overwhelmed him with a deeper-despair and a deathless horror; a secret whioh would have shaken to its foundations his belief in human and Divine goodness. Mercifully spared indeed, though his anguish was sufficiently poignant without that bitter knowledge whioh lay hidden in his daughter's breast So overwhelming was the'deeolation of his soul that the presence of his dear child brought no comfort; that Hie presence of Madame Hartmann, who came from Paris to console him, brought no comfort; that seeing them day by day, with the consciousness that they were watching his misery with sympathetic eyes, animated only with the kiving deaire to find a way to mitigate it, was an lidded tortare to him. What can we do for you, dear Bernard f" said Madame Hartmann. "Leave me to myself," he replied. " Nothing will hdp me bnt solitude. I must t be alone to wrestle with my grief." So it fell out—for their pleadings wen useless—that Valerie was ouoe more banished from his home, and returned to Paris with hw aunt. You are not angry with me, father f" she staked him on the day of her departure. " Angry with you, my child P No—no !" " You will send for me! You will let me come home again !" "When I am at peace, Valerie, when I suffer lees, I will send for you." Ah, the pity in her face—the tender compassion withwbioh she embraced the father she loved and honoured ! Was it treachery that she should keep her secret close, the secret that brought hot blushes to her cheeks, hot tears to her eyes, in the solemn watches of the night P No, it was the truest mercy. It lay in its grave at peace, but no grave so deep as to help her to forget. To tbe last hour of her life its memory would remain. For two years Bernard Maubray kept himself secluded in Crow's Nest, admitting no friend or acquaintance with the single exception of Dr. Weber, and became uninvited. Upon the first occasion, indeed, Dr. Weber forced himself upon his friend, alarmed by the reports which reached him of the state of Maubray's health. "It is useless to expostulate," said tbe doctor; " I am here, and here I intend to remain. Friends are scarce, and I do not - intend to lose mine if ray poor skill can save him. You are not over- pleased to see me. Very good—or rather, very bad. Neither am I over-pleased to see you in die state you are. My dear Maubray—my dear Maubray!" The underlying affection in this little speech brought a faint responsive smile to Maubray'i lips. "Iam glad to see you, Weber," he said " Forgive the coldness of my- welcome." " I will forgive everything when I see the Maubray of old before me. Not this Maubray that I see now—why, my dear friend, yoo are like a ghost! Now let us bo practical. What is the matter with youf" " I cannot deep." " For how long has this been so ?" "Many months." " I am going to examine you. No protests! I know my business, and you know yours. No denying that; and no denying either that to waste a talent—a God-given talent—IB a heinous sin. How many pictures have yon painted this last year P" "Not one." " Then you have long arrears to pull up. Yon shall psint my portrait, so that a fitting presentment of myself may go down to sn ungrateful posterity." " I cannot do it." "You shall do it. It is the only favour I have ever asked of you, and I will not be denied. I will give you the first sitting to-morrow. Remember, I amyour physician. " I cannot put bruaV to canvas till I get some deep." " I will ensure you deep; the lonely life you are leading is sufficient to destroy your nerves and your brain. When did yoo near from Valerie last f" "Yesterday." " Is she wdl P" "She says so." " When did you write to her laatP" " A fortnight ago." There was reproach in the glanoe Dr. Weber cast upon Maubray, and be fdt it. Life was beginning to stir within him: the friendly imperiuusuess, the healthy boisterousness of the doctor were telling npon the naturally healthy organisation of the artist. " It is not like you, Maubray. to neglect w tweet a girl"as Valerie—your only child, who lov& yon devotedly." " Do I neglect her P" Would you ask that question a second time, Maubray t" No. You are right in much that you say, in much that yon imply. But you tee, I am worn out. The curse of sleeplessness unbalances me." , Although Dr. Weber did not approve of he recognised the necessity or them in case. Bnt he found that ordinary remedies were poweHess to produoe the needful repose, and he was compelled to have recourse to a deadly drug of his own preparing, which had the desired effect. In a few days Manbray's eye was brighter, his skin was regaining its natural odour.' Hw drug Dr. Weber administered was s-diseolvable powder, and me of its viriosfrwas that it was tasteless and oolonriesa, and t that it imparted no flavour to the liquid in whioh it was dissolved. Hi us a person taking it unaware would not suspect its presence, and this peculiarity mideM it dkngerous. So great was the benefit 'Manbray dferivedfrtm it that he insisted upon being.- Bunplitdwith several doses for use, if needed, atmome future time when the deetor-e personal services might not be available. Complying with this request, Dr. Weber was careful to explain the danger that lay in taking a larger doss 'J»«n he had prescribed. "fro Ba 4uiimuu>.] -^^tC—'T A-wrjiool Dentists' Society hu bem formed in connection with Un Dental Hovpitsl, Port* hod street, London. At the imqinl fae> turn it tn stated that leva 4hmt6par«entef school boys and ftirin of an Bvenga <*ge of 12 tio not require some hcM—it Cm faarf teeth. 