COMMANDEERING. Our hero was a Tommy with a conscience free from care, And such an open countenance that when he breathed the, air He mopped up all the atmosphere ; so little went to spare You could hardly say he breathed — he 'com- mandeered ' it. And nowadays you'll notice when a man is ' on the make,' And other people's property is anxious for to ';?' take,' '''' ' '' ' '' ~'~ 'We never use such words as ' steal,' or ' col ?; laf,' ' pinch,' or ' shake,' No, the fashion is to say he 'commandeered' '??? **? f' , ,' ' Now our simple-minded hero used to grumble at /' hisloi, '' ;-??'????-?'?? ? ? Sail he,. ' This commandeering's just a little hit too hot, A' fellow has to carry every blooming thing he's \-- got, Whatever he puts down they'll commandeer it.' So.after much anxiety our simple-minded elf, He thought he'd do a little commandeering for . himself, And the first thing that he noticed was a bottle ?.''. on & shelf '.' . ,;, , y. v ?'-':'? In a cottage, bo he thought he'd commandeer it. ' What ho !' says he, ' a bottle, and, by j: George, it's full of beer, And no commanding. officer to'eome and interfere,, Here's my own blooming health,' says he/' I'm ? ori.the c»tnmandeer,' .-.,-?- And without another word he commandeered it. * ^ * * On, his subsequent proceedings w,e, must/ draw a *r lit'tle veil, . .. .' .'-' ' ? For the Boers had left some sheep-dip in ,that bottle labelled ale ; ? ' '»-'? ??' ? ? But the doctor said [he'd shift'it — If all other methods fail/ ? '' ' We must use the stomacbjpump andcommandeer it; ? ..';:; ?.? ?;( .::f-'* ? :_2' [ ,./?-, The Admiralty has declined the Queens land gunboats for service in. ChjLna. , No wonder— they are mere toys:,x y '?;; * * ,v * . . The S.A. gunboat Protector will take 100 members of the South Australian'' Naval Reserve to serve in China. __? .....* * * . It is not possible to send enough Bibles and missionaries in its wake, to make war anything but murder.— People's Party Journal. fiyv ,...,. * .?? ?* ' ?; *?' .???-? ?/Chamberlain accepts Victoria's offer of the Naval Brigade 200 strong, for Chinese uses, afloat or ashore, and will provide transport, DU* n°t ammunition. Victoria will pay 7s. 6d; per day to privates. The Secretary of State has wired out to Australia asking from the various Minis ters assistance to the German Govern ment's agents who are about .to buy here horses and mules for service in China. ? ?;.;-# * ???'? ? * England is still humiliating herself by asking the world .to feed her starving subjects in India, while providing hun dreds of millions of pounds as a butcher ing fund in South Africa. — M. 0. Morris, in Pueblo 'Courier. ' ' ' ''''' * * # I saw one woman turn dry-eyed from the train at, Bretoria with the hoarse whisper, 'He's the fourth son I have lost for Land en Volk since Elands-Laagte. God preserve the Eepublic. — Douglas Story, in the Daily Mail. ?'.'?'. .-?'.' # - # * When you dig graves and put perhaps twenty, or twenty-five into them, and lay them in layers till the day of resurrec tion, and have to step on the ones under neath to lay the others on top, you get a bit sick of it, and believe that life is un certain.— -Private A. JB.Mavy. * ? * * ,;-, .'.'.'. I have seen the ambulance waggons right up with.the ammunition carts. Now, how. could the Boers do anything else, but fire on them under the circumstance ? I re gard them as brave men and good, fighters, and believe their treatment of the disabled is extremely humane. — i2. Sleuth, M.P. * # * Women went mad in London on Mafe king night. Seized with hysterical frenzy, it was as if modesty and common decency were thrown to the winds and all the brothels had turned out their usual fre quenters to hold high revel in the streets. No. Mars in khaki needed to sigh in:vain for the embraces of a tri-color bedecked Venus'; — Justice/.. .;??.., ; . ;, : * * * I do not think many Australians will remain in South Africa, unless it may be those who marry some of the Boer widows, or get their farms. That is the only thing which will keep them there, be cause I -believe we have a country here infinitely better than they have in the greater part of South Africa. I dare say there were many men who went because they could not find employment here. Sir William Lyne, C; Private J. H. vV. Edwards wrote to .Orange frbin towards Kroonstadt :-— '?While -in pursuit of the Boers over undulating country, and when just getting over,, the topy of a hill, a' batch of .; Canadians began pouring bullets into us. We had to hide. But a coo-ee convinced the Canadians of their mistake.' * * * . Col. Baden-Powell has many brothers. One, Sir George, was Conservative M.P. for Liverpool and died in '98 ; Major B.P., now at the front, is the inventor of war kites ; the eldest brother H.B. was a judge in the chief court of the Punjaub ; Warrington B.P. is a Q.C. ; and Frank B.P. is an M.A. and an artist. .1, .1- ?- ?-' Some new adjectives will have to be manufactured for use in the Chinese war — brutal, treacherous, cruel, cowardly, and dirty having been worn out with wear in the Boer campaign. Obviously, if the Boers were all these then the Chinese are sb; much worse that the ordinary terms cannot fully describe their behavior. * * * The god of War is drunk with blood, The earth doth faint and fail ; ; .The stench ot blood makes sick the heavens :;1 Ghosts glut the throat of hell ! Oh, what have kings to answer for Before that awful throne, When thousand deaths for vengeance cry, And ghosts accusing groan ! — William Blake: The Sydney Cyclorama advertises that among other missiles on view, it has ' two sets of Boer poisoned ammunition;' How do the Cyclorammers know that this ammunition- is poisoned? Have they tested it? If not, they'd better withdraw a statement which is almost without doubt notoriously untruthful. * ' * ¥ Every Jingo should ask himself this, question : What would you do if you were a Boer? If he would- do. as the Boers do now then he ought to cease finding fault with the Boers for defending their' country; ; If, being a Boer, he would turn dog on his country, he ought to have no syllable, to utter concerning disloyalty. * * ' * Trooper W. J. Fdgarfcy, of the Bush men's Contingent, writes from Maran dellas to Orange:— 'We are starving like tramps. We get a bit of damper daily, lib. in weight, and that has to do us for the day. We have soup for dinner, but no bread or tea. Supper consists of a pint of tea and nothing else. We are getting so weak that one man from home could beat a dozen of us in a fist fight.' ; * ? * ? ' .* . The trouble in the Transvaal is by no means over. Russia refuses to permit the Chinese trouble to be settled solely by Japanese troops, and Germany is not dis posed to dispute the Muscovitish view of the question. That being so, when Russia begins to pour her armed hordes into China, the only guarantee for Britain of the Czar's good faith will be her presence in equal force, if possible. Where are her legions and her generals to come from, if not taken from South Africa ? Private Stanton in Daily Telegraph, Sydney :— - - .- . , When within 800 yards of the farm we halted and the infantry blazed ft volley' into the house, We ihen marched up to.it, and on arrival found not a soul to be seen, so we broke open the place. It was beautifully furnished, and the officers got several things they could make use of, such as bedding, etc There was a lovely library — books of all descriptions, printed in Dutch and English. I secured a Bible and a Mauser rifle. Several others got rifles, but the officers would not allow them to be kept. I would like to keep it— it is quite new. After getting all we .wanted our men put a charge. under the house and blew it up. fc * * Some folks imagine that Russia worked up the Transvaal trouble to get Britain's hands full, while she worked her wicked will' with China's tea service. If that were so, surely Russia would have moved 'a .little sooner in Chowland. Others argue that Britain is using the Boer war as an excuse for getting ships and troops under weigh to China, without exciting attention. Some of the Australians, who signed on for service in no particular place, may find themselves in the Flowery Land ere long. * * * According to a country exchange, the following seditious paragraphs are to-be found in the Fourth and Fifth Reader :— Fourth reader, page 22Q : ' Britain sends out numerous colonists to possess the unoccupied lands, and some of them who have a touch of John Bull's masterfulness do not scruple to ex terminate weaker races who stand in their way.' Fifth reader, page 225 : ' I shall repudiate and denounce the expenditure of every shilling1, the engagement of every man, and the employment of every ship which has no object but intermed ling in the affairs of other countries, and endea vouring to extend' the boundaries of an Empire which is already large enough to satisfy the greatest ambition, and, I fear, is much too large for the highest statesmanship to which any man has yet attained.' ... . „ , ?' The patriotic Perry must be asleep. Cronje's Scottish border descent, con sciously or unconsciously, has imbued him with the bygone Border raiders' methods of warfare — foray, ambush, surprise, and . midnight retreat. .. * # * Slavery is an evil, but war is the sum of alL evils. It is the origin of slavery, and is waged by men in livery compelled to shoot their fellow men or be shot.— Dr. Moncure'Conway. * * * John Bull has become John Bull-y, and already a base and brutal war has cost us one hundred millions ; butf when ' our troops return, we will have in Eng land 150,000 uniformed pro-Boers.— John Burns. ? It would almost appear as if the siege, of Mafeking had been nearly always a mere farce and that the defenders thereof could have got out if they wanted when ever they so desired. . Of course it was safer inside than out and so they remained in. * * * If v?q would stop teaching patriotism to children, stop building forts and war ships, stop worshipping bunting, there would be some room in the minds. of the people for thoughts on the question of humanity. To-day ignorance is supreme. —Appeal to Reason. * * * ' When I spoke in America of the : natural sympathy all people feel for a little nation fighting a great Power, I was always cheered, but when I went on to say that such sympathy did not alter the . fact that a Boer triumph would put South Africa back a hundred years, I was always hissed.'— Max. O'Rell. * '* * '?*.'' ' It is hard to say how things are exactly1 in China. We have been told that the Empress Dowager deposed the Emperor because of his sympathies with the reform party and aliens and that she assisted The Boxers because they were a retrograde, influence. Now- it is said that the next heir, the Prince of Tuan, has poisoned1 the Emperor, Kwang- Su and also the Empress-Dowager and that the former died while the latter went mad. ''- ', *'?'*'*. ' Smiler ' Hales thus writes to the Daily Mail : — Our men when wounded are treated by the Boers with manly gentleness and kindly con sideration. . i . On the road to the hospital' we called at many farms and at every one men, women, and children came out to see us. Not one taunting word, was uttered in our hearing, not one braggar? sentence passed their lips. Men brought ua cooling drinks, or moved us into more comfortable positions on the trolly. Women with gentle fingers shifted bandages, or washed wounds, or gave us the little dainties that come so pleasant in such' a time ; whilst little children crowded rouud us with tears running down their cheeks, as they looked upon the bloodstained khaki clothing of the wounded British, Let no man or woman in all the British Empire, whose son orhusband lies wounded in the hands of the Boers, ' fear for his welfare, for it is a foul slander to? say that the Boers do not treat their wounded well. England does not treat her own men better than the Boers treat the wounded British,. and I am writing of that which I have seen and know beyond the shadow of a doubt. #? * ? * Ruskin, at the close of a lecture on war, made the following remarks to the women- present : — ' Only by your com mand, br' by your permission, can any war take place among us. And the real, vital reason for all the rage of battle through the world is simply that you women, however good and religious, how ever self- sacrificing for those whom you love, are too selfish and too thoughtless to take pains for any creature out of your immediate circles. Let every Christian - woman, who wishes to be of pure con science towards God, vow that she will mourn for His killed creatures. Let every woman in the happy classes of civilised people vow that, while. any cruel war proceeds, Bhe will wear black — a mute's black— with no jewel, no orna ment, and I tell you again no war would last a week.' * * * . ... i ' Captain, what do you think,' I . asked, 1 ' Of the part our soldiers play ?' ' ' The captain answered : ' I do not think— , ? I do not think— I obey.' ' . ?' Do you think you should shoot a' patriot down And help a tyrant slay?' The captain answered : ' I do not think— , . j '.-?,. I do not think— -I obey.' - - ?, ' Do you think that your conscience was meant to die ... . ' '' And your brains to run away ?' The captain answered : ' I do not think — I do not think — I obey.' ;. '?? ?..?'.;- '.?„??.' !c. ' Then, if this is your soldier's code,' I c'ried/v ' You're a mean, unmanly crew, And with all your feathers, and gilt, and braid j I am more of a man than you. ' For whatever my lofron earth may be, ' And whether I swim or sink, . *'' I can say with pride : ' I do not oiey — 1 I'do not obey— I think !' ? ' ? ?- - '' ' — Ernest Mt Crosby 