OHAiPTER XVI. Lady Gourlay, like all women of her kind, loved a love story. The news of the engagement between. Kenneth and Beryl was a sweet and savory morsel to her paiaxe; asaa. sue tvouiq .'nave iairJy revelled in details of "the wooing o't" if her endea vors to insinuate herself into the confidence of the young financee had met with the suc cess their, perfect sincerity and singls-mind edmess deserved., , Notwithstaihding her excited sympathy in the romance of the betrothal of her younger niece she was not so much absorbed there in as to ignore the interests of the elder, and of the nephew-dn-law whom she sin cerely liked (as where indeed was the woman, who did not like Archie?), and she was somewhat exercised in her mind by his developing an attack of "business" which called • him up to town the day fol lowing Dallingar's departure. "I wonder if Archie and Constance have been having any disagreement ?",dhe specu lated. 'Tie looks like a ghost, and Con stance doesn't seem quite herself." . "Perhaps She caught cold last night; it must 'have been chilly on the water so late;, and Archie has a way of looking glum sometimes for nothing at all. I don't think they ever'have a disagreement," said Beryl, loyally. "Perhaps she doesn't like Archie's. Jeasinst her 'here and going up to town," was Sir John's 'suggestion, when his wife com mented to him in conjugal confidence on her niece's thoughtful and abstracted look. '-'She isn't generally one of that sort," re joined Lady Gourlay. "Constanoe'has al ways so much "calm good sense." '"Perhaps Archie's not well, and she's worrying about him," was Sir John's se cond suggestion, "I thinks he looks awfully ill," she said decisively. "He hasn't looked himself since Mr. Dailingar left yesterday." Her husband laughed. "Come, Cara, you imply he loves the fel low so much as to be upset at parting with him. I shouldn't think they were such friends as all that!" "You may laugh, John," said his wife BQlemnly, '"but one has one's instincts, and I feel as if there was something1 up!" "You don't suppose tha' Archie has rushed off in-pursuit of Dailingar to pro pose coffee and pistols? Now if it were Kenneth, one might have better ground for such a flight of imagination," remarked Sir John, who generally acted as a kind of "bob" to the tail of the kite in those ima ginative flights of hi3 wife's exuberant in terest in her fellow creatures. "Perhaps," he added, more thoughtfully, "they have •heard from Hazelhurst that Lue.Ea" (his sister,_ Mrs. Yernham) "isn't so well. 1 hope it isn't that." "Oh, no," his wife reassured him with an air of conviction, "it's not that. They would have been sure to have mentioned it to us if they had heard from the rectory. Hut I feel as if there was something the matter with Archie. Poor fellow, he looks like the ghost of himself." "Developing influenza, perhaps," Sir John suggested pactically. Achie did indeed look like a ghost; how else was a man likely to look who saw the frail hair by which the sword hung suspended over his head fraying—fraying through—who was watching for that sword .to fall and sheathe itself in the heart of his dearest.' Constance, too, though her disturbance of mind was but fain and slight, As moonlight into sunlight, arid as water into wine," compared with his, yet felt vaguelj troubled at heart. Her husband's unusual maimer had impressed • her with a curious sense of undefinable apprehension, though she knew of nothing there could be to fear. 'His strange words haunted her. That dwelling on the subject of death, those gloomy ghoul-like fancies which seemed to have taken possession of his mind, were . not'like her Archie. Depressed and irri table sometimes as he was, she always fen derly put down the variations of his mood to the account of his health, and s'he had never known him to be like this before. There must have been something to turn his mind into that morbid train of thought, yet what could there be? (To be continued from day to day till finished.) 