SCENES OF BATTLE. SHATTERED COLENSO. FREE LIST ENTIRELY SUSPENDED. NO ONE ALLOWED TO PASS. (By Our Natal Special Correspondent.) Durban, May 11. "Although the town of Ladysmith has been relieved of a state of siege for more than a couple of months it is only by obtaining a special permit that anyone is allowed to buy a railway ticket for that place. Should _. civilian be found in the town .without a military pass certifying that he has a. right to be there, the in dividual is hauled before a magistrate, duly punished by fine or imprisonment, and af terwards expelled. Many friends are very anxious to visit tbe scenes of the fight ing around there, but have no wish to do co in an unauthorised manner. Appli cations for ihe necessary permission to the commandant of Durban, are productive only of a reply conveying regrets at his in ability to grant requests wittout the prior consent of tiie Provost-Marshal at Lady -—lith- Colenso is the .unit of free tra ?ea. Colenso stands at about 3,200 ft. above Bea level, and Though the summer has hardly gone, yet on arriving there recently Just before 5 ajn. I was so thoroughly cold and hungry that I have felt ever since sym pathy with the Boers, who are enduring this discomfort every night, without cover, and, generally speaking, with a very poor Btock of clo_b.es. On the veldt close by was a tent where a couple of Jews, who BoM coffee and eatables, kept open house all night. I went in search thereof, bot _vas bailed np in the dark by a sentry, Who, after the usual challenge and reply, ordered me to advance and give tlie countersign. I explained my inability to do so. After some hesitation he advised tne io get back to Ithe station. He didn't say ft pleasantly either, so I took his tip. However, it w?s soon light enough to al low me to go safely in search of the hotel. Here -was my first view of tfhe effects of Boer occupation. They had made this thei. headquarters wtoile the village wa in tJ_eir hinds, and when the proprietor re turned hefound the place in wreck and confusion, if- Tlie doors and window frames .fti^been broken and used for fire wood, *x lie the furniture had been stolen or destroyed. Tbe dining-room was quite ideatatuteof any ornament, and at breakfast the landlord spoke with a very keen regrec of a splendid coUection of horns and heads and curios of different sorts, with which the walls ha(l been previously covered, end which had cost him much time and money to get together. Not a vestige of them was left. Indeed, the only thing left behind was tlie usual quantity of dirt (whidh the Boers would appear to like to bave constantly around than) and the obscenity they were able to write upon the walls. __.'l_-T- OF BOJEBAEDME-TC. Of the few houses which constituted the township oi Colenso fully one-balf (have suffered from the effects of the Boer bom- Some of them were merely a beap of bricks and broken wood. I strolled ?down the waggon bridge over tbe Tugda, out erf which our forces had knocked the centre span with artillery fire from a dis tance - of about three miles in or der to hamper the Boers in their efforts to cross the river. Tbe engineers bad replaced the ironwork t>y a temporary structure of wood, and the bridge was now ava_fa__e for traffic, but a sentry posted tibere refused to let anyone cross wbo did not carry a pass from tiie Commandant. Tbe gentleman mentioned proved to be quite differetrt to all the mili tary men I bave previously met so far, in that he was neither rude nor boned on bearing what I wanned, but, after -making a few enquiries, he wrote out the neces sary pass for your correspondent and a friend to cross to As north bank of tbe Tugda. On reaching the river we had a took ci. tbe rams of the railway-bridge whidk _he Boers destroyed in their retreat. Tins was a fins iron structure of five spans on substantial stone piers. Eadh span had been lifted off the pier at one end, and as, that esU-'feH into the river bed a depth ,of about 40 feet it had aa_______ the strong " girders, ties, rails, and aU. into a. tangle, l___-h rendered the whole, thing for ever useless. Tbree of the -piexs aaw.wiai, intact, but one was so badly shattered by the exp-oejyes used that oor people had pulled it down' to prevent it fa__T_ and possibly doing damage to .the wooden structure pot np alo_ff.de, and over which trains were .. running within a week foam the time ?when it'wae safe for the workmen to begin its erection. Considering that this bridge is .dene-imam 200 yards in length this was „*?—y cs_-_ftable. Tbe trestle-, which are about 40 ft. high, and stretch at the bot tom about die same length, had previously jfceen prepared by *Qxe railway department Jin Durban. Uiey -were sent up in parts. [As a foundation many hundred bacs of cement bad been placed in the river. Upon t ttese .the t-_gt..s stand, and the bridge ; itself is pronotooed by people wbo should knowto be goad enough to carry the traffic for' aTyaur or two. The iron to replace the one destroyed is now being delivered, and all traces of the Boer handwork will soon bave vanished into the limbo of things for gotten. HEAVE _TAT__, VOUI-ITEEBS. ? On' tbe footbridge just alongside we found another sentry, wno, after a very careful scrutiny of our pass allowed us to proceed: At the north end of the bridge is the hill called Fort Wylie. On -his, Tin vie early stages of the war, the Natal Naval Volunteers built a breastwork, cleared a small space for their old muzzle .goader guns, and prepared to resist the 'Boers in their progress south. One niAt l ame_senger came there with orders lor ?c—i to go and leave everything behind. Both -officers'and men, however, objected to abandA their pop-guns (though the only Ufsjac Boers would bave had for them wNid _aye been to send them as curios to tiie Pretoria Museum). They de cided to make an attempt to take them away. No sooner, however, was the first gun dragged to the slope of the hiH than ?t broke loose, made two or three bumps, and was smashed up very badly. The men scrambled: down and got the gun it self, but the tram hes there still, and die wheel, are in the mud of the river-bed. 3_be Boers afterwards occupied this posi tion, and from it made good rifle practice at Colenso. The crests of all the hills lin iig tbe river _ink were ornamented by the inevitable stone wall. stjr._|; ng a t Colen so itself, miles of it can be seen forming ihe skyline of the first range of hills. Going down tbe back of Fbrt Wybe, and across a bit of level grtjnnd, we i-^-mt*. to a bill known as Railway HiH, and here was a beautiful example of THE BOGS METHOD OF DEFENCE. !A_l over the face of it, and right to its top were short lengths of stone wall, built of tbe small boulders which had covered the whole trill. Tnese waHs ranged from 5 to perhaps 20 yards in length, and were placed, not in rows, but promiscu ously, evidently as each few men decided for themselves. I should imagine, bow ever, that the.idea was an excellent one. A rifle fire therefrom would be very effoc- Itiwe, and, in the event of being compelled to retire the -Boers would be able to dodge from wall to wall, and over the ridge. In addition there was a trench running light up tbe side of the hill, evidently to serve the same purpose. At a later date onr artillery was posted here as was evi dent from ihe number of shrapnd plugs lying around. BOER INGENUITY. Shortly after getting over this hill we found ourselves in the vicinity of the river, which, after leaving Colenso, makes a big bend to the north. Here we bad an op portunity of seeing examples of -he enemy's ingenuity a__? skill. The first was an serial tramway. On either bank of the river tbey had cut a tree down, and stayed it -with a wire stay to another far ther back. Then a wire rope was stretched across tbe river, and a cage' was siting cm the wire. By talis means tbey were able bo transport aH their small packages safely to the sooth bunk Lower down, tbey had a punt, which was pulled to and fro by a wire rope, for which purpose they had fixed a windlass on each side: The last load carried cm this was a tr—Dy with am munition which by some means got upset into the river. Tbe ammunition was after wards taken out liy car people, but the trd?y is st-H to be seen par_y submerged. _Phe Boers' greatest tritsarph of engineer ing i_k___l was to be seen a few hundred yards lower down in tbe shape of a bridge constructed entirely of railway materials. Just at tWs place there is an irregnlar r—_ky bar extending across the greater part of tbe river bed, and, doubtless, it IB—-'for that reason the spot was selected. The railway near here was, of course, in the enemy's ?"?"d", and they did not wish _> iWuiji it. Tbey wanted sleepers, and vmouae the difficulty try removing each alternate one for a considerable distance. They then laid what would be really be a line of Tails with tbe sleepers attached, across the river, and made a serviceable bridge of it by layinc sleepers close to getber on the top erf the rails, and bolting them thereto. The ends of this bridge were jammed against the rocks of the river bank on either side, and in its length, it was arched, perhaps, 20 ft. to withstand the force of ihe current. If it was a. Boer idea it says more for their constructive abilities than I should have given them credit for. I think ft must have originated in the brain of some of their foreign mercenaries. Just below tbis are the Tugela Falls, wfaere the river pours over a ledge about 40 ft. nigh. At the time of our visit it was fall ing in seven cascades of about equal size, and at very equal distance, forming a Pretty picture, but one which, if it had been truthfully represented on canvas, would have beet, condemned by -the majo rity of people as unnatural from its very reftuh-ity. Leaving the river we struck away to another position, which was held by the* Boere until quite a late date, and from the quanfity of meat tins, brst-it-boxes, bul lock bones, rank-tins, sheepskins, cigarette, agar, and tobacco packages, and whisky botHes, wh_c4i littered the whole place, tbey would appear to have HAD A F.UBLV GOOD TIME so far as their physical wants were con cerned, but the holes made by Hie Lyddite steHs, tbe showers of shrapnel bullets which cowered the ground, and tbe marks where the bullets had splashed on the face ?.their stone breastworks, Aowed that {Wore their picnic came to an end our fel lows _ad them a very lively exis £ l^-J? 6 c????'n?d along this hill, which is known as Ceasai. s HiU (but which must not be confounded with the camp bearine ____^ U?V I'd "t?Btejust outside Lady _?L*? c .tren*es we had read about, and winch were said to __ r* P . 00-"- to shelter a man on horseback. It was interesting all _ _ ?5_- £roUnd to note tie fact that it bad been occupied by _x>tb .ides in succes sion. The empty Mauser cartridge case and the yellow stain of lyddite told of the Boer __._?*. ta<2; t^f a broken thald-covered Helmet the Metford cartridges, and piles oL^l"* 111/ gnn cases tearing the broad arrow made equally certain that our men had been there and stayed for a while to .T ,P wiP-ig that "something off a elate. Down the other sjd e Of this we came across A KAFTTR KRAAL, ?mnwinded by a fine edge of cactus. The ? I ._occnPaats appeared to be a woman J^eeyoung children. We were very -ttrsty, bat we experienced considerable surprise when we received' am .affirmative reply in answer to our enquiry for nrilk. As the result of a long conversation, which taxed my limited knowledge of the Zulu tongue, until it often broke out into Eng lish again, I learned that when news was received that the Boers were coming, the mager had driven E_? cows away some con siderable distance to a Hoof or valrev, where there was water and a lot of trees. There he had remained in hiding with his wife and family and cattle, nnta tie coun try was dear, and it was safe for him to return- to his home. Having refreshed our selves w. set out for the big hill some dis tance off, and known as Pietera This was where the Boers were treated to such a tremendous battering from our artillery that they decided to trek to a quieter lo cality, and so left the road open for Lady ——ith to be relieved. PIETEBS HHi ? was certainly the strongest position we had inspected so far, and I should say the ta& wg .of it wou-d be next to an impossibility byany other method than tie one adoptei which was, to concentrate artillery fire up on it until human nature wearied and- could no longer remain subject to it. For about half-way up the slope was fairly easy and grass covered, with here and twere a email tree or bush.' Tbe other half, however, was a terrible d___b. It was covered with small boulders, on e_Lch of which, it was neces sary to poise one's self for a moment be fore _cra___3i_i£ onward and onward to the next. All the time that breastwork ol stone waa visible, forming the skyline. We readied the top warm and- quite Mown with exertion, and then, when conversa tion was again possible, fell to discussing the chances of a sintde mean of an attack ing fence ever rear-ling the top, though they may bare numbered ten to one of the defenders when they started on the job. We decided unanimously that they would not have a ghost of a chance. The whole face of tiie hill was thickly spattered with holes where our shells had burst,' the yellow stains of lyddite bang prominent in most of them, while pieces of shell, shrapnel pellets; and' spent bullets were visible on every square yard of ground, telling plainly of the awful hafl of missiles which must have been 'directed thereon during the two last days of the Boer occupation. The whole top of the hill was ornamented with stone walls aj-d seajmed with trenches, pro tecting each face from assault, and evi dently so arranged that even if our men could have scaled its sides they would bave fcad to meet a withering firej-rom all di rections co soon as they had gained the level, open space on its top. We had heard that the Boers had received orders to preserve their Mauser cartridge cases, to be sent back to the Transvaal for re filling. Here was evidence that such was the case; in the trenches and on the ground 'alongside were heaps of them, at intervals. Tens of thousands of cases all put back into the clips in which the Manser ammunition is carried, five cart ridges in a clip. In the trenches there was nothing of consequence. Here and there were some old rags of clothing, a pack of cards, cigarette packages, a few charred pieces of wood, remains of small fires, and scraps of biscuit and old bones. One thing, howevarr. caused me some little won derment. Tin's was A PAIR OF o__X-__E_. S BOOTS tbe -wearer of which could not have been more than from eight to ten years old. Poor tittle youngster, what a bad time it must have had. My first feeling was one of disgust to think that a man could bring a child to such a place. After that I speculated as to whether it might not have been a strange instance of parental love, so strong as to make tbe tbought of part ing with his child appear as a still greater trial for them both; for there are strange things in war, especially Boer war. Tbe sun was now getting pretty low, and the usual evening rain clouds were creeping np, so we decided tojstrace our steps towards Colenso, promising ourselves to get the pass renewed and pursue our wanderings farther toward Ladysimth on the morrow; also to bring a couple of Kaffirs with us to carry home the trophies and curios which we had collected. Soon after turning back, my friend, wbo was a short distance ahead, turned hastily to ward me, and told me to get a smoke. He then showed me that be had stepped on a piece of covered-in trench, which evi dently formed A CJBAVE FOR SET—B__C. BOEES. They bad been, buried in a hurry, na doubt, for here was a human hand and arm from the elbow quite exposed, the fingers and thumb bent as though in the -act of gripping something. At the other end two feet were visible with the boots on them, and in such a position that, though the boots were very mudh alike, I think tbey must have belonged to sepa rate bodies. These were the only human remains -which we saw, and we did not want to linger long in their vicinity. Any person with a delicate nose would want to smoke two pipes or a mouthful of cigarettes, and even then he would ex perience a pressing hurry to conclude his investigations. At the foot of Pietei. s Hill we turned to notice tiie effect of the splendid practice, which had been made evi dently by owe lyddite gim. It was a 4J7, for we had examined the shell splinters as we came down. Heje, from the low bush and trees on the flat, there was a euocesskui. of holes at intervals of ten yards, and they zigzagged about at an eoual distance, right to the east of the trill, where it has knocked a gap in the stone wall. If those gunners had an opportunity to inspect their work tbey ought to have felt proud of it. But I was awfully disap pointed at tbe small amount of damage which TBE LYPDITE _HT...S appear to do. I bad read so much con cerning its destructive power thai but for tbe presence of the stuff in the holes I would not have believed anyone who told me that it was that much-vaunted explo sive. In many instances the only effect was to make a small circular hole from wbidh a couple of barrow-loads of earth was thrown out. Where it bad struck a rock tbe effect was trivial compared to my expectations. In ooe place a 4.7 shell had exploded between two small trees, five paces, from one and six from the other. I carefully examined botb of them, but could not discover any marks, nor even a twig broken, off. Tbe Boers bave reportedly expressed contempt of our lyddite, and have asserted that the fumes from it do more damage than tbe explosion. Pre viously I regarded these statements as ex amples of their untruthfulness. But I do mot now, for I fed s_-e that we shall bear from the military people later on that it is nothing like so destructive as they thought it was. We made a plant for about a hundred t weight of curios, whk_ we intended some Kaffirs to fettb next day, and shouldering the remainder started on our return jour ney, reaching Cole__K> in about two hours, very wet through, and tired enough to en joy a hearty meal and; a night's sleep. Next morning, on presenting myself at the com mandant's tent, 1 wa_ informed that it was impo- sible to get my pas. renewed, as posi tive orders had been received from General Buller that no one was to be allowed ovei riie river on any consideration. So, after inspecting the place where the Dublin tried to cross the river when Buller made his first attempt on the position, and see ing, the spot where Colonel Long lost lii artillery on that occasion, we started off to Hlangwani, on the south bank of the river. It had been THE SCEXE OF SEVERAL HEAVY FIGHTS. This, too, was a vei-v . trong po-ition to attack, being like I .ct'er's Hill. The up per portion of it is very steep and terribly rough climbing. There were the usual breastworks and trendies. Good and suf ficient reason for the Boer evacuation thereof was given by the holes made by our shells and the bullet splashes on the rocks. Near here were several Kaffir huts, where we enquired for milk, but rhe answer in each case was the same. The Dutchmen had taken tbe cattle and eaten them. En quiries for Kaffir beer were ana-wered in _he same way. The corn had all been taken at the same time. In fact the niggers appeared to have nothing left. As is usual with these people, now that their cattle had been taken, all the interest seemed to have gone out of life, and they appeared indifferent to what further might happen to them. In addition to having looted all the niggers possessed the Boers had burnt several of the huts, whi_h justi fied the remark added to each seirteuee by tbe kaffir that tlhe Dntciiman was '"hay muShli" (no good). A TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE. Next day I left Colenso, but stopped at Howick, on the way down, lo_nj enough to visit tbe wonderful falls there. They are said to be 360 ft. -high, the third highest unbroken falls in the world. The Ungeni River is here about 20 yards wide, and at the time of my visit there was a ki_te volume of -water flowing over in one solid mass. Before reaching tbe bottom it is only a large thick cloud of spray. Lying flat on a ledge of rock, facing the fall, with the sheer descent in front and alongside^ I watched the ever-rushing water until I became fascinated, perhaps hypnotised some people might call it. For a time, it may nave been only a few minutes, or it may have been half am hour, I had an experience which nothing, no not all, which this world has to offer, w-ould induce me to undergo again. Fortunate.;.-. I did not lose , tout tlhe struggle be tween tbe desire to continue to live and tire almost irresistible impulse to allow my self to fail over was awful] I was certainly paralysed, my limbs refused to move, but at last came the thought to close mv eves. Then I got my head turned, and shortly after I was able to move myself backward. Never daring to look again at the water I got away, aad lay my_elf down on the grass to recover. Between tfhe time of get ting in my unfortunate position and bong sufficiently recovered to make for tbe hotel near by was an hour and a 'half. Just how tbe time WSis spent I .hall never know. I found afterward that the skin of my hands was abraded, and ihe muscles of my left forearm strained with the grip I had taken on the rock.. Even now I feel shaky when I think about it. I bad intended to stay a little time in Maritzbiirir, but now mv only desire was to reach 'home, so I came on without further delay to Durban, feel ing pretty bad, but at the same time dad to be still alive. 