OLIVE SCHREINER'S TALK. How She Contradicts Herself. "B[?]" PATTERSON interviewed Olive Scheriner at her home in Cape Colony, and was given much informa-<*> tion about the Boers. It is, of course. the privilege of r. lr.dy to contradict herself na often Z3 sho ole: - .rec, but she should not. contradict herself too glaringly. The author of tho " Afi- ican i'V.rtn" essd to Ilr Pr.fctcrcoa :—" i'or nil sorts of stories have bean printed of tho Boors and their ignorance, and their savagery. They are all lies. I was r. gorernecs amongst tho Boars for years, r.ud no kinder people exist. They r.ro clever too. Young Boera go to Engknd and succeed at the Uni versities; they become doctore, and lawyers, and politiciaii?." I have now before mc a copy of tho Fortnightly Review, of April, 189 G. It contains an article by Olive Scbreiner, entitled, "Stray Thoughts on South Africa." In this article the following state mentn occur:— "He (tho JBoer) possesses :? crsdulity which vrould excito ridicula in a London or Paris gamin ; ho holdn fanatically that the earth not more, r.nd repeats the story of Gideon to support his view ; ho regards srab, itch, and various skin diser.s&a; r.a pre- ordained ordinances of the Almighty, which ought not to be interfered with by human remedies ; he looks upon the insurance of public buildings as a direct insult to Jehovah, who, if ho sends a fire to punish people, should not be defeated by an insurance of the building; his faith i;i ghosts and witches is unsbakaalo ; but till lately ho hold r::iiwav3 to bo a direct contravention of the Almighty's will, who would have ma.de thorn Him self if he wanted them." Tho fore going SBoms to be a pretty fair stock of ignorance for tiieee days. But that iM m.t all. Tho writer continues:— "The Boer remains n. Boer still, whilu tho Taal remains his only speech. That the Boor himself accopl3 this di;:ir.ii>o:i, though without analysis, :s cbar ; he will say of r. man who has ieanii-d and uses habitually a literary speech,. , his father -.vns a" Boer, and his brothers are still Boers,' implying ?ihat ho has gono from amongst then), and is one no more; and to call a learned judge or brilliant barrister, whatever his descent, a, Boer would by, from the colonial standpoint, not merely absurd, but iusulting." The words of Olive Schreicar in ISGO "are strangely unlike the words of Olivo Schreiner in IS9G. If both are true, then in the space of four short years thy Bt-er musi r.arc turned the quickest and most complete iniellcc tual somersault known in history. If not—the reader must came to his own conclusion. 