NOVEL. CAPTAIN CLOSE. CHAPTER VII.—(Continued). Br CAPTAIN CHARLES KING. This did not prohibit the men from buying what the Walton servants offered for sale outside the fence, and if they were so straitened in circumstances they might be glad to find a market for their surplus •produce even among the Yankee invaders, provided Madam Walton were kept in ignorance of the traffic. She was uncompromising. No intercourse with, no recognition of, the barbarians, was her rule to kith and kin, and the few negroes who still hung about the crumbling old place repeated her words with the fear born of long-continued discipline under her roof •and rod in the days of their enforced and unquestioning servitude. These and other items of information.as to his surroundings the young lieutenant had obtained from Sergeant Burns in the course of their evening watch together. ~ He had no other means of studying the situation, and was but one of the many new and comparatively inexperienced officers thrown upon their own resources at isolated posts among the States lately in rebellion.' Not yet twenty-four hours on duty with his company, he had been ordered to proceed with an armed force to the succour of officers of law supposably besieged by a rebellious mob, and now, at midnight, in the heart -of a strange •country and far from the heart of its people he was commanding officer of his •company and camp, without definite instructions of any kind and only his native common sense to guide him. Lambert has since told two women—his •wife and his mother—how his thoughts wandered back to the peaceful old homestead in the far Northland, and the teachings of his boyhood days. He made a sturdy fight against the feeling of loneliness that oppressed him. He wished the . wind did not blow so sulkily, in such spiteful, vicious puffs. It seemed -as though nature had combined with old Lady Walton to give' him ungracious welcome to this particularly shady side of the • sunny South. The wind itself was whispering sarcastic and withering remarks to him, like those the sergeant repeated as •coming from Madam Walton to the defenceless captain; and even Burae's sense of subordination oould not down his up- pulse to chuckle over some of them. What would Lambert do or say if the prim and starchy dame were to call upon him, as she occasionally had on his superior, driving him at last to the refuge of the nethermost depths of his tent, whence, as Burns declared, ' the captain couldn't be induced to come out till the old lady was back inside her own door' ? The last time he 'tied up Riggs'—a punishment much resorted to in the rough i war days and those that closely followed | them, especially by those officers who were j themselves graduated from the ranks or the volunteers—it was for trespass on the ; Walton place. The fellow had climbed j the fence and was pilfering among the j old fruit trees when caught by Madam | Walton. That was bad enough, but he ; had been impudent to her, whieh was [ worse. The men themselves would j probably have ducked him in the stream ( —the old, self-respecting soldiers, that is j —had the captain not ordered his sum- j mary punishment. Lambert was wonder- j ing what steps he should take in the interests of discipline, when he finally blew out his candle, determined, if a possible thing to get to sleep. It was just a quarter-past twelve when he wound his watch and stowed it under his rude pillow. His revolver, the day's purchase, lay, with some matches, close at hand. He had even placed his sword and belt at the foot of his cot. The last thing he thought of before closing his eyes was that he would have to get a lantern on the morrow, even if he bought it of Cohan; but it was also the last thing he thought of when the morrow came. Was it the wind again, whispering ugly things, or the ghost of Lady Walton, with her acidulated tongue, that roused him, he knew not how many minutes—or hours later ? Something was whispering, surely. The wind had been doing a good deal of that sort of thing all the night long among the leaves, a good deal of snarling and growling at times, and there was muttered snarling going on around him now. That might be the wind ; but the wind would not trip up over a tent rope and say such blasphemous things about it, even if it did nearly pull the flimsy structure down. In an instant Lambert was wide awake. • Who's there ?' he challenged, sternly. No answer,—not in words, at least,—but there was sound as of stealthy yet hurried movement, more straining at the ropes on the side nearest the captain's tent, and heavy, startled breathing. ' Who's there ?' he repeated, reaching i for his revolver. ' Answer, or I fire.' Then came a mighty strain, a jerk, a stumble and plunge, the sound as of a heavy fall, followed by instant scramble and a rush of footfalls around the rear of camp. Lambert was out of bed and into his boots in half a minute; but in his haste he upset the chair on which laj the matches, and the box went rolling to the floor. Pistol in hand, he darted out into the night, and found it black as Erebus. Quickly he ran to the first sergeant's tent, but Burns was hard to waken after the long day's work. Once roused, however, he was soon out, lantern in hand, while Lambert hastily dressed, and then together they scouted camp. A glance at their tent showed that Riggs and Murphy were still absent. A peep at the watch showed that it was almost two o'clock; a search around Lambert's tent revealed nothing beyond the fact that the corner peg to which the tent-fly was guyed was torn from the ground, and the soft, sandy soil showed that heavy boot-heels had made their imprint. Tnen Burns, still lantern-bearing, went crouching low around the back of Close's tent, while Lambert, with straining ears, stood stock still an instant in front, then, of a sudden, tore like mad through the rousing camp, out past the dim white canvas of the waggons, out past the startled sentry, up the steep pathway to the hard red road beyond, down which he ran' on the wings of the wind till he reached the gateway to the forbidden ground, for a woman's agonised shriek had rung out upon the night, and the sound of blows, of crashing glass, bf fierce and desperate struggle, of muttered ,oaths, of panting, • pleading, half-stifled cries, of wild dismay and renewed screams for help, all came crowd- ing-ou the par from the heart of the Walton placo. CHAPTER VIII. As he rushed around the Southern side of the old house,—the side whence all this uproar proceeded,—Lambert came suddenly upon two dim, swaying figures. The one nearest him—that of a man—was clutching, throttling, apparently, a slighter form in white, a woman. The butt of his revolver straightened out the dark figure with one crack, and then for a moment everything was darkness and confusion. A lamp, held by some screaming female at a neighbouring window, was dropped with a crash. The screams subsided to scurry and chatter and Ethiopian protestations and furious demands : ' You Elinor! you black niggub !—you let me out this room instantly !' The rush of footsteps . r to the window again, ° and , tragic f . h appeals : ' Mamma—ma-am-ma ! Whut's happened ? Do answer ! Do make Elinor let me to you, or Ah'll jump out this window. Ah'm coming now.' And indeed a dim, slender form could just be descried, arrayed in white, bending low from the ^^trwhm"!^® wito'his lantern came tearing round the corner. Then a majestic voice, imperious even though well-nigh breathless, was heard : * Katherine, return to your bed instantly. Do you hear ? Instantly! And send Elinor to me.' That Katherine shot back within the sheltering blinds was possibly due not so much to the impetus given her by those imperative orders as to that imparted by the sight of a pair of sboulder-strans and the face of the young officer gazing*in bewilderment about him. Well might he look amazed ! At his feet on the pathway Private Riggs was sprawling, still half stunned by the blow he had received. On his back, amidst the wreck of a glass hotthe bed, Private Murphy was clutching at empty r air and calling on all the saints in rhfl ,, Hibernian HihArnitm . calendar rn.lmuin.r i j j_ to r.r> rescue resmie Jinn him from the hands of that old beldam. On bosom heaving with mingled wrath and exhaustion, one hand firmly clutching a stout cane, the other clasping together at her white neck the shreds of her torn and dishevelled garb, her dark eyes flashing fire, her lips quivering, stood a woman certainly not fifty years of age, despite the silver in the beautiful hair streaming down upon her shoulders, and the deep lines of grir/f and care in her clear-cut and thoroughbred face. She leaned heavily on the stick an instant, but raised it threateningly as the luckless Murphy strove to sit up and staunch the blood trickling from his lacerated hands and face. _ ' ' Don't you dare to move, suh,' she panted, * unless -' And the uplifted came supplied, most suggestively, the j ellipsis. , Oh, fur the luv o' God, ma-am, don't hitrne ag'ifi ! Sure I'-d niver prezhoome, ma'aui- ?7.' • 'Shut up, Murphy!' growled Burns. ' It's easy to see what brought you here.— Shall I let Riggs up, lieutenant ? He's bleeding a good deal.' But Riggs didn't want to get up. He flopped helplessly back upon the grassplot. Burns bent over and held his lantern close. ' The man's drunk, sir,' he said,—' and cut.' ' I did that, I presume,' said Lambert, still a little out of breath after the dash to the rescue. ' I found him daring to lay hands on this lady.—Madam, I sincerely hope you are not injured. It is impossible for me to say how I deplore this outrage. These men shall suffer for it, I assure you.' With rapid step the corporal of the guard, bringing with.hitn a couple of men and another lantern, came hurriedly to the scene and stood silent and alert, glancing eagerly from face to face. Two or three frightened negroes had crept around the rear portico and hung trembling behind their mistress. With a shawl thrown over her head and shoulders, a quadroon girl halted half-way down the steps from the side door, her eyes dilated, and her lips twitching in terror, until a low voice from within bade her go on, and a tall, dark-haired, palefaced girl in long, loose ^wrapper fairly pushed her forward and then stepped quickly to the elder woman's side. ' Go back to the house at once, my child. This is no place for you. Go to Katherine and tell her I say she must not leave her bed. Go !' And silently as she came, but with infinite and evident reluctance, the tall girl turned and obeyed. Mrs. Walton had spoken slowly and with effort. Of Mr. Lambert and his party she had as yet taken no notice whatever. Again Murphy began to squirm in his uncemfortable couch of mingled mud and broken glass and head-lettuce, and the crackling accompaniment to his moaning once more made him the object of the lady's attention.' ' Lie still, suh,' she said, low and sternly. 'IYOU have broken moh glass now, suh, than youh captain can replace. Lie still whuh you are until my suhvants lift you out.—Henry!' she called. ' Ye-assum,' was the answer, as one of the negroes came reluctantly forward, humbly twirling a battered hat in his hands. ' Go fetch your barrow.' 'Indeed. Mrs. Walton,' interposed Lambert, 'you need not trouble yourself. The guard shall carry these two scoundrels to camp, and prison life at Ship Island, or Tortugas, will put a stop to their prowling. It is on your account I am distressed. We have no surgeon at hand; I will send at once for the doctor in town—' She raised a slender white hand, relinguishing her grasp upon the cane, which now went clattering upon the gravel of the walk. It was a sign to check him, and respectfully he broke off in his hurried words. Then again she turned to the nagro, who stood, with twitching face, irresolute, beside her. '•••••• • Did you hear me, Henry ? Go.'. Again Riggs began to groan and stretch forth feeble hands. Burns looked appealingly to his young officer, then as appeafmgly to the lady. Clearly, she was the mistress of the situation. Lambert had quickly stooped and picked up the cane, but she did not see, apparently, that he wished to restore it to her. In the light of the lanterns the mark of Rigg's clutch was plainly visible at her white and rounded throat. ' Two of you lift this fellow,' said Burns to 1 he corporal; and between them Ria'gs was heaved to hia sprawling feot. ' Get him over to camp now and bathe his head. Put a bayonet through him if he tries to bolt. I'll be there presently.' And of Riggs, her assailant, and of Rigg's removal under' j^uard, the lady of the Walton homestead took no note wbat- Rebuffed, yet sympathetic, Lambert P8S a y ed to fP ea^ but rattle of i i hovvnw w.jo ImQ.Trt u.nH . the barrow was heard, and Henry HAnru Anp.A once more loomed up within the zone of lantern light. ' Lift that—puhson—out,' she said. And when Burns would have lent a helping h ind, she interposed: ' No, I beg you, ! My suhvants will attend to this/ And neither,, Lambert nor his sergeant made further .effort. Murphy,.lifted from the wreck of the ruined hot-bed, abject and crestfallep,' scratched and bruised and bleeding, yet neither so deadened by drink nor so stunned by the rain of blows which he had suffered as not to appreciate the humiliation of his position, was squatted in the barrow. At an imperious gesture from Madam Walton, Henry started to ; I J / ' - _ , j wheel him away, the corporal of the guard in close attendance, And then, with calm dignity and recovered breath, the lady turned to the boy officer: * I have not thanked you yet - ' 'Oh, Mrs. Walton, I beg you.not to ! s Pf k ^anks ' r ou knew , h °V j f, Bll f med , am ' &nd; ^ wd be \ I i that anv J of . our men 77 could , ,, have dared , ,, , The very intensity of the young fellow s indignation choked him, and gave her the floor. ' Once before this they came, and then I warned. This time, having no men to call upon' (negroes, it seems, could not be counted as such), ' I was compelled, myself, to chastise. May I ask the safe return of our barrow,—it is the only vehicle the war has left us,—and that we may be permitted to retire r' And she swept a stately courtesy. ' But, madam ' began liambert, utterly chagrined at the attitude of cold and determined avoidance in which she persisted, ' you have been : brutally handled; I insist on sending for our contract doctor: it is the best we can offer to-night ' 'Neither to-night, nor at "any other time, would his suhvices be acceptable, ^ j need no doctoh- We learned—we had to learn—how to do without luxuries of every kind during thfe war; and Dr. Hand—r think :that-;iB the'-jiama of the physician you refer to,-—would be too much of a luxury at any time. I regret that your men should need his "suhvices, but they brought it on themselves.' ' They will need him more before the captain gets through, with 'em, ma'am,' said Sergeant Burns, seeing that his young superior was at a loss what to say. As he spoke, the tall, dark-haired girl once more appeared, and swiftly, noiselessly stepped to her mother's side. ' There'd- be no need of a court-martial or of your having to testify, if Captain Close could settle this—or let us do it.' ' Mother, come in,—please do,—and let these gentlemen go,' said the girl. ' Inr deed, we are very much obliged to you,' she continued, addressing Lambert, ' tor coming so quickly,' (To be continued.) 