Tho coloud4:ala ncings. That mist which .lies in the morning o souftly in the valley, level and white, through which the tops of the trees rise us it through an inundation-why is it so heavy ? and why. does it- lie so low, being yet so thin and frail that it will melt away utterly inito splendour of miorning wheln the suit has sihone on it but a low ,iolments more? Those cooes sal pyramids, hugo and firm, with out linucs as of rocks, and - streugth to bear the beating of the sun full on their liery lhaiks--why are they so light, their bases high over their heads, lugh over the heaicr of Alps ? Why will these mole away, not as the sun rises, but as he descends, and leave the stars of twilight clear, while the valley vapour gains :tgain upon i the earth like a shrout ? Or that ghost of a cloud which steals by yonder clump of pines; nay, which does not steal by theonm, but haunts theia, wreathing yet round them, and yeO, anid yet, slowly; now falling in a lair waved line hiko a woman's veil; now fading, now gone. We look away for an in stant, and look back,- and it is again there. What has it to do with that elump of pines that it broods by theio and t;eunes itself among their branches to anti fro? lias it hidden a cloudy treasure among the moss at their roots, which it watches thus? Or has some strong enchanter chaiiued it into fond returning, or bound it fast with in those bars of bough? and yon dor filmy crescent, bent like an archer's bow above the snowy suumnit, the highest of all the hill that white arch which never forms but over the supremo crest--how is it stay ed there, ropelled apparently from the snow-nowhero toucling it, the clear sky tsoon between it and the mountain edge, 'ot never leaving it--poised as a white bird hovers over its neat ? Or those war-clouds that gather on the horizon, dragon- orested, tongued with fire-how is their barbed strength bridled? what bits are these they are champing with their vaporous lips; hliuing off flakes of black foam ? JLeagued leviathans of the Sea of HIeaven, out of their nostrils goeth smoke, and their eyes are like the eye lids of the morning. The sword of him that layoths at them cannot hold" the spear, the dart, nor the habergeon. Whero ride the captains of their arm ios ? Where tire set the measures of their snarth? Fierce murmurers, an swering each other from morning until oveninp-what rebuke is this which has awed ti?cnt into peace? what hand has reiued them back by the way by which they camo.--John Ituskin. 