HONOURING A CITIZEN SOLDIER. Private John Hickey was entertained in the Masonic Hall. last evening, at a conver- sazione tendered by the young men of Mait- land. About eighty- sat down to the three large tables, which were well laden with delicacies. Mr. John Gillies, M.P., pre- sided, and amongst those present were Messrs. John Kennedy, R. J. O'Halloran, W. H. Kelly, J. T. Murphy, C. Phillips, R. Fry. O. Youngman, C. Mitchell, J. Bam- bach, and G. Vincer. Private Hickey oc- uopied a seat on the right of the chairman. The function was organised by a general committee, witlh an executlve committee, consisting of Messrs. John Gillies, M.P., chairman: Geo. Vincer, secretary: Owen Youngman. treasurer; and Messrs. R. J. O'Halloran, C. Phillips, C. Thursby, J. Eade, and J. T. Murphy. The catering was creditably carried out by Mr. Sandridge. After due attention had been paid to the good things" provided,, the toast of "The Queen" was honoured.. The chairman then proposed: the toast of the evening, "Our Ghost, Private John ilclkey." He expressed his pleasure at see Ing-suchi a large and' representative gather ing to do honour to a young soldier, who had returned invalided from the war. The gath'cring was a" credit to the boys of Mait land. Hickey was a worthy native of the towna. He had repeatedly aesisted charit nbld movements in the town, and was the fist to leave his home and volunteer for tle war. They should not' forget his bro ther, Steve Ilieey, who had made repieated efforts to join the army in South Africa, but had been rejected by the doctors. He referred briefly to thoesplendid services ren deerd in South Africa by the soldiers of Australia. who had showln their critics that thely were worthy of their sires. Private lickey should feel proud of the honour con ferred upon him that' evening by' the young men of li- native town, Within a few days they would be in a position to present him ithi a substantial purse of sovereigns. The toast was supported by MIessrs. J. KeI(cnnedy, J. T. Murphy, and W: A. Terry, and honoured with enthusiasm. Private HIlkeltey briefly respondedl Hie thankled' his friends for their kind treat ment. He was not well enough to make a fitting reply, but could assure them that he heartily appreciated all tle kind senti mncntsof goodwill expressed that evening. (Applausp.) The other toasts Ihonoured' weroe "Success to the British Arms," proposed by Mr. It. J. O'Hallooran; "The Press,"' proposed by Mr. C. Phillips; and "The Chairman," pro posced by MIr. C. H. Prentice. 