THE DUKE OF ARG YLE AS A WATER-BAILIFF. There is very "gracious" reading, in some of the English papers just to hand, concerning the late Duke of Argyle, who, as everybody knows was a born agitator on the land question, and his arbitrary dealing with the Campbell town people, who live under the shadow of the immense estates, and who are very angry because the late owner absolutely refused them the necessary supply of water, of which "he graciously allowed," as one journal puts it, " millions of gallons to run from 'his estate' into the sea." The Campbeltown people need the water for domestic purposes; as law abiding citizens, and as the water runs direct from the private grounds into the open sea, the town council applies for permission to divert some of it. This is refused, and at the council meetinsr on the 24th of January there are ructions. Provost Mitchell said:—"The whole thing is disgraceful. We are unanimous that the proceedings should be published." Mr. M'Queen said :—" I for my part say that it is disgraceful that any man of the standing of the Duke of Argyle should with hold from the community water that is not going to cost his Grace a single farthing. We are threatened year after year with epidemics, to prevent which water is one of the greatest essentials. There are millions of gallons running waste to the sea, as you are all aware, and I do not think any man, let him be ever so good, should have the power of saying to the people you shall or you shall not get water." Mr. M'Murchy said:—"I don't know how to characterise the Duke of Argyle's conduct. It is a matter that would not cost him a penny—just his mere sanction to enable us to use a larger main. He is not fit to govern any community, and his power ought to be taken from him." The people need stern lessons; and the Duke of Argyle and many another man has stood out to teach them. The "government of a community" should rest in the people, and its executive be found in the majority. So long as this order is reversed, the individual who usurps such authority, whoever he may be, must in the very nature of things misuse it more or less. This is a law written in human nature, and presenting the only possible means for the rectification of such a perverted order of things. While people allow themselves to be so enslaved, that one monopolist can prevent them from having the use of water which God Almighty sends so abundantly that it is overflowing in millions of gallons into the sea, it is better that they should be spurred to throw off the yoke by the tyranny of the usurper, than that they should be left quietly to submit to such serfdom at the hands of an easy master. The cry, the aspiration, the stirring of the soul everywhere to-day, is for emanicipation and liberty. The people are being prepared for it by such men as the late Duke of Argyle, in his self assumed roll as water-baliff, just as Israel's children were drilled into wholesome rebellion thousands of years ago by the taskmasters of Egypt who expected them to turn out their tale of bricks without straw. And here in South Australia, how is it with us ? We are, saddled with land and labor laws, and are submitting year bj year to class legislation in our affairs which will settle some Grace of Argyle as surely in our midst, as that winter is following summer, or that effect will follow upon cause. There is only one thing that can prevent it, and that is a system of reform, based on the common laws of our common being, such as is outlined in the platform of the United Labor Party, and which will soon be em bodied in the Federal Labor platform of united Australia. It is the fashion of course, in class and commercial circles, to pooh-pooh this platform as impracticable, chimerical, anarchical, and all the rest of the fearsome appellations which make the hair of the ghost-ridden to stand on end. In reply, it is only necessary to point to the results of the new political party from its inception in this colony up to the present moment, and to accept these results as a prophecy for the future. We are satisfied—more than satisfied—with past achievements and future prospects. We have only to be faithful to ourselves, in order collec tively to govern all untoward conditions, and prevent the " water-baliff" from cutting off supplies. One word more—and a serious word ! If all this may be said of such a position of affairs as we have been criticising, what shall be said of a state of things under which " water is running waste to the sea by the million gallons," while no Grace of Argyle stands in the way, and while there is nothing to prevent its use upon thirsty millions of acres of land in this colony which might thus be changed from desolate wastes into fruitful cornfields and orchards and vineyards ? Nothing to prevent, we say—well, nothing but the exercise of the public energy, and the direction of public expenditure into channels which would thus open up the land, make it worth people's while to settle upon it, and give them the opportunity of spread ing themselves over fruitful districts which would, under a wise system of legislation, become the homestead property of thousands of well-to-do families, instead of being confiscated and locked up in the hands of another Grace of Argyle. Here is a mighty river—the Murray — running sheer across this great colony, and emptying its treasures into the sea at our very feet; while the stream has only to be locked, and diverting channels formed for the waters, to do all that we have said. Expensive? Of course a lot of money would be spent, but the un employed difficulty would disappear, and the first lock on the eastern boundary, with its distributing chan nels, would render productive a tract of land which would eagerly be taken up, and the proceeds from which, as the work progressed, would go far to cover the cost of the undertaking. But it would be a work in the interests of the people, and it will never be undertaken until the repre sentatives of Labor are strong enough in the Legislature to lead and direct the public energy, the public purse, and the public conscience. 