RECENT PUBLICATIONS, 'The Speaker,' No. 3, 'the. Official Organ of the New South Wales Literary and Debating So cieties' Union,' is the somewhat lengthy title be Btowed upon this pamphlet. It contains the busi ness of the union, and some articles, mostly stamped with the self-confident strain character istic of debating societies, which, however, we are led to understand, do a great deal of good in their way. We have received the 'Traveller' for No vember, also the 'Storekeeper' for November, and 'Young Men,' the official organ of the T.M.C.A. The 'Pall Mall Magazine' for Novem ber has this month many new writers in place of its accustomed contributors, nor can the change be said to be altogether unwelcome. Amongst the fiction, 'A Night on the Moor,' by R. Murray Gilchrist,' is a good weird ghost story. 'The Revenge of the Bear,' by Howard Angus Kennedy, reads somewhat after the style of Gilbert Parker. 'A Case of Salvage,' by Walter Wood, is a capi tal sea coast story, and these form perhaps the best of them. The others are barely up to magazine standard. 'The -Jireus,' being a con tinuation of the doings of the Bastable children, is neither well conceived nor very funny. There have been much better sketches of the same kind ?written. Durobin Castle is especially v well il lustrated. 'Scribner's,' for October, comes to us from Gor don and Gotch, Sydney. 'Russia of To-day,' by Henry Norman, is the first of seven papers which' ars to appear on the same subject. The illustra tions are very good, but it can usually be taken for granted that 'Scribner's' illustrations are always of the best. 'The Last Days,' aot of Pompeii, but of 'Pretoria,' is by Richard Harding Davis. John R. Spears continues bis interesting articles on the slave-trade in America, with its accompanying powerful, if somewhat gruesome, illustrations by W. A. Clark. 'The Dust of De teat' is by Lloyd Osbourne, and the story turns «n an original plot, the final scene of which is placed in New Caledonia. 'A Visible Judgment' is one of those quaint American stories of reli gious bickering which so well illustrate one phase of the American country character. 'Rome and Romanizing,' by Arthur G-ton '-Skemngton and Son, London).— This little woTk. the sub-title of which is 'Some Experiences and a Warning,' has been sent to us by Messrs. An- j gus and Robertson. Mr. Galton, who will be re membered in Sydney, first published this essay Jn the 'National Review.' where it attracted much attention, both in England and America. The book consists of three parts— I. 'Why I En tered the Roman Church.' II. 'Why I left the Roman Church.' III. 'The Papal System and the Church of England.' The first two parts embody Mr. Galton's experience, the third ex presses his views on the two churches. Mr. Galton is always a scholarly writer, and in Seal ing With this delicate subject he has Written in a perfectly unprejudiced and unbiassed manner, ?which will not offend, and which is in striking contrast to the language generally used by in temperate writers on religion. 'The New Zealand Official Tear Book for 1900.' M-It is no wonder that this work is becoming fa* Torably known outside the colony, and that the demand for it is still increasing, for it is without doubt one of the best got-up Year Books pub lished in Australasia, and full of practical and ?well-arranged information on the colony which It represents. 'The Compleat Bachelor,' by Oliver Onions, published by T. and A. Constable, Edinburgh, and forwarded from the Sydney Book Club, is. Without exaggeration, the most dainty, perfectly delightful book that has been published for many a day to relieve a world nauseated by such popu lar fiction of the moment as begins with Marie Corelli and ends with Bloundelle Barton. An thony Hope, in 'his well-known dialogues, never ?wrote anything to come up to what may be called' 'the conversation' in 'The Compleat Bachelor,' and the characters move and speak and have their being so naturally and with such claims *to interest that the -reader takes them as actualities and as creations. The 'compleat' bachelor himself is altogether delicious, and his cynicism, which really 'works for the happiness of all around, and ends in terminating bachelor hood for married life is most attractive. The book is, indeed, full of pleasant characterisation of the best kind, not a figure out of drawing, some more fully sjfown than others, but all, even those which are cply incidental sketches, so well done that they leave a permanent impression pn the reader's mind. More Victor]/ Crosses have been awarded to the ' Gordon jBKhlanders than, to the officers ©r men of any Sther regiment engaged in South Africa, FiM Gordons have won the cross. 'Next in omet comes the 'Q' Battery of the Boyal Ho* Artillery with tour, followed by the Protectorate Regiment three, and the 10th Hus sars trot Out of the twenty-five crosses dis tribufcd during the campaign eight have cone to eptains. The engagement at Colenso brpught thwreatest number of bronze decorations—*!*., 