CHAPTER XIII. Sir James looked steadily into the box for seve- ral moments with a faint smile on his lips. Then he carefully pushed it a little further back upon the table, and, lighting a cigar, stretched himself out in an easy chair opposite to mine. He began to talk at once on different subjects. Without being in any sense of the word a politician, I had made several speeches in the House of Lords upon subjects interesting to me, one of which had pro- voked considerable discussion. Sir James and I. being of the same party, our conversation natu- rally drifted into political channels. A chance re- mark, from Sir James, very soon gave the opening I desired. As carefully.as possible I led the con- versation up to the subject of our relations with a certain foreign power. "If I were a genuine politician," I remarked; "that is to say, if I possessed the requisite ability to become one, I should be interested more than anything in foreign affairs. Diplomacy has al- ways been a fascinating study to me, although, of course, I have had no experience, and am ignorant even of its rudimentary principles. By the way, I was interested in what I heard last week-you can guess where-about a treaty with the power in question. There are some peculiar complica- tions, are there not?" "There have been some very peculiar compli- cations and some unusual difficulties," Sir James remarked, smoking his cigar with evident relish, and gazing, with the ghost of a smile still upon his lips, into the depths of the open dispatch-box by his side. "Well, it is a pity," I remarked. "The ad- vantages of the treaty to us are very obvious just now. Is it permitted to ask you-unofficially- whether the difficulties are insuperable?" Sir James removed the cigar from his mouth. He leaned a little forward; I could see that he was about to become confidential. "The whole history of our negotiations will never become known," he said. "The fact is, a certain Royal personage, whom I need not name to you, was very much, opposed indeed to the signing of the treaty. All along we have had to contend with a strong antagonism from-after all, I do not see why I should conceal it from you -from the Queen." "The Queen," I repeated; "I did not know that her Majesty was a politi- cian! One hears of her chiefly as a European beauty, and a giver of magnificent entertain- ments." "I can assure you that her Majesty is under- rated," Sir James replied primly. "She has had her finger on the weak spot in the treaty from the first. If the matter rested with her, it would have been torn in two long ago. Her influence, as you may be aware, is great, and while it remains so our relations are liable at any moment to become strained. It is one of those things which we have always had to con- tend with, of which the public know nothing at all, and for which, of course, they make no allowance." "The public are hard taskmasters," I remarked; "I often wonder that they are so zealously and faith- fully served. By the bye, Sir James, I noticed that you used the past tense. Is there any chance, do you think, of getting the treaty signed in the face of such opposition?" There was a distinctly triumphant smile upon Sir James's thin, hard lips as he glanced into the depths of the dispatch-box. It was standing at his elbow, and he had been carelessly playing with the lid. The perfume of violets, faint and sweet, seemed to be filling the room. ''The treaty will be signed within a few days now," he said quietly. "I do not think that we shall ever again have any trouble in that quarter. Of course, you will understand that I do not wish this to go any further at present; but, speaking to you in confidence, I may say that means have come into our hands which will put a summary end now and for ever to the opposi- tion I spoke of. I cannot say more, even to you, at present; but the whole affair will be public property before long." I leaned back in my chair, and nerved myself for what was to come. I had learned all that I needed to know. This was the climax. "I trust not," I said slowly. Sir James let fall the lid of his dispatch-box with a bang, and looked up at me with amaze- ment. "I beg your pardon," he said, "I think that I do not quite understand." "I repeat, that I trust not," I said. "The means to which you allude"-I looked hard into the dispatch-box-"are means of which no use must be made." Sir James drew a bunch of keys from his pocket, and calmly, double-locked the dispatch-box. Then he rose to his feet, and turned a frowning face upon me. "I am completely at a loss to understand you, Lord Lessingham," he said coldly. "Be so good as to explain yourself." "I am here to do so," I answered firmly. "I am here for no other purpose. The means to which you allude are these. You have obtained pos- session of compromising letters written by a cer- tain personage to my brother, Reginald Lessing- ham." "To your brother?" "Yes. You have probably overlooked the fact, Sir James, that my family name is Lessingham; and it is my brother, Reginald Lessingham, who is the senior attache at Marianburg." "The fact," Sir James remarked, "was un- known to me. I may add that it is also a matter of indifference. If the young gentleman has been imprudent, as he certainly appears to have been, he must accept the consequences." "He is perfectly willing to do so," I answered. "At present that is not the point. Those let- ters to which you have referred, made public, would the the ruin of any woman, even a queen. You propose to make them public, and to ruin her! It is very simple. You are a patriot and a poli- tician, and you would rise one step higher in the estimation of your party upon the wreck of a woman's honor!" There was a bright light in Sir James's grey eyes, a flush upon, his cheeks. The lines upon his face had contracted and hardened. He re- mained cool, but he was desperately angry. "Continue, sir." "Diplomacy might sanction, your use of these letters in such a case, Sir James," I proceeded, "if they had come into your hands toy other means." "You seem to be remarkably well informed, Lord Leasingham. Can you tell me then exactly how I did receive them?" "I believe so," I replied. "They were either sent you from Paris, or brought to you by a young man named Harris, a distant connection of your own, and one of the Embassy secretaries at Marianburg. Now I know you to be an honest as well as a shrewd politician, Sir James, and I am perfectly sure that you have been misled as to how these letters came into young Harris's possession." "He found-never mind, I will hear what you have to say first, Lord Lessingham." "You are wise, Sir James. He probably as- sured you that he found them. He did not. His zeal in your service led him further than that. He, or an accomplice, chloroformed and gagged my brother's servant, and abstracted these let- ters from his private safe, opened with the Em- bassy's keys. In other words, he committed a gross and criminal burglary. It is in your interests that I bring this information, Sir James. I think you will admit that such methods are a little in front of the times; that they are, to say the least of it, not defensible." Sir James resumed his seat. His hard, worn face was puckered up with thought. He was silent for several moments. I could see that I was correct in my supposition. What I had just revealed was news to him. Harris's story had been a different one! "My nephew's conduct," he said, looking up at last, "was indiscreet and exceedingly ill-advised. If necessary he must answer for it. I cannot shield him, nor should I attempt to do so. At the same time the violence that was offered was within the walls of our own Embassy. This is the crux of the matter. I admit that the means were de- plorable, but the end which has been gained is great. I am sorry for your brother, Lord Lessing- ham, on whose behalf I suppose you are here; but in the face of the great national gain; the welfare of individuals must go to the wall. I shall hold to my course." "Think well, Slr James," I said. "I have many powerful friends, and, however much I may blame my brother for his folly, I am with him in this to the end. I shall not let the matter drop. The story will get about. Our methods will be de- cried throughout the whole civilised world. You must admit that the letters were stolen. With this knowledge, shall you dare to use them?" "I am ignorant of the fact that they were stolen," Sir James answered coolly. "I have no cognisance of it. It is not necessary. The let- ters are here. As an officer of the State, I owe no one any explanation as to how they reached me. I have not investigated, or discovered any theft. Such work belongs to the Secret Service Department. I hold the letters for my purpose, and you will pardon my adding that I have no more to say to you, Lord Lessingham." He laid his hand upon the bell, but I checked him. "Then prepare yourself for a further shock, Sir James," I said. "Last night your nephew paid the penalty for his over-zealousness. He was murdered by an agent of the Secret Police of Marianburg, at the Hotel Maurice." (To be continued.) [He is a busy man who does half as much as he intends to do. Crossing the legs, which may force undigested food into the vermiform appendix, an intestinal tube, is a suggested possible cause of appendici- tis.] 