UNDER FATE'S WAEEL. O . i ? By ¡LAWRENCE L. LYNCH, Author of " Against Odds," " No Proof," &c;, &c.; CHAPTER XXVII. A Recoiling Vengeance. . From the 'boathouse, stretching northward, the path beside the lake shore Iles open tor a long distance, stretching back until the Band of the shore is merged into a grassy, lawnlike slope, overlooked by che villa, and going even beyond it. . On the south side oi the boathouse at Red- lands there is much shrubbery, and the path passing both boathouse and dwelling goes along the foot of the lawn with a lane of shrubbery, almost continuous, on the upper or land side, and merging into tue snade of the wood to the southward. It is along this patn that the Redlands ghost is seen to " walk," and .to- night the preparations for watching are ou u scale more extensive, ominous, and threatening than any one of the avowed ghost-hunters guesses. Aunt Cass, who has arrived before sunset, . ' will be at her post, with or without Mrs. Hilton, as that lady may think best. Later the sheriff-informed by the spinster-has promised the " haunt" a rendezvous, " quite private and single- handed ;" and Higgins having overheard a word dropped between the two ladles- has also resolved to " have another shy at the ghastly thing." Higgins is rather sore at tis former failure to cap tore or Identify ; and to-night he, too, pro- mises to show his ghostship " a thing or two." Neither Loyd nor Lorna is in the secret, either, of last evening's appearance or to- night's plans. But Lorna to-night has a Secret of her own. A little note has reached her by the moru Ing'B mail-a note handed across the break- fast table by Mrs. Hilton, and which Hope has read with a little thrill and shock, and then Ignored, letting it pass, to others, as of 'no moment. " Miss Lorna Hilton," so Tuns the note, '" if you would know the truth concerning both your brother and lover, be at the boat- house to-night at 10 o'clock, and standing In the door facing the path ; stand outside, not in. You must come alone, and no one must know of your coming. The writer of this will also come alone, and will tell all only on these terms.-I." Lorna is not a physical coward, and what ?will she not do to know the truth- the truth which must clear Loyd, and, perhaps-how she prays for it-his friend and-her lover also. She does not hesitate a moment It ils only a short distance to the boathouse, and she would venture even further for such a purpose. The ghost, on each and every appearance, has come from beyond the boathouse, or has vanished 'in that direction, fleeing past it, and up the Lakeside path; and the boat- house appears to more than one, a point of Vantage. At twenty minutes before 10 o'clock a man's figure steals softly and silently across the park-like piece of woodland which sepa- rates Redlands from the high road, and through which runs the lane, opened for thu use of the Redlands inmates. Skirting the northern boundary of the lawn, he ap- proaches the boathouse, looks up and down the path, upon which in the open moving Objects would be pls^pîy visible for a short distance, and the» dropping upon his breast draws himself, wrth quick, snake-like mo- tions, across the path and into the darkened .boathouse, where he seems quite at home, seating himself, after a little In the curve midway between the window-like openings between the entrances on the north or to- ward the shore, and the west or upon the path. Here, by leaning either way, he may look, without other change of position, through both openings, and here, for some time, he Bits, as if walting were a thing of habit. It is ten minutes later, perhaps, that a woman comes slowly and with cautious tread from the side piazza of the house, ariS, glid- ing in among a thick-set group of tall, white lilacs and late syringas, stands there quite concealed, and close to the path, waiting, listening, peering ont from time to time. It is just 10 o'clock when Lorna Hilton, wrapped in a long storm cloak, glides out from the servants' entrance and crosses the lawn swiftly and shadow-like. She knows «very foot of the way, and she does not hesitate. At the door of the boathouse she pauses, peers within, draws back with a little «hudder, and takes her station just out- side, as directed, her face turned westward. There is no moon, but the sky is gemmed .With Stars, and the air is balmy and sweet. As Lorna 'takes her (place the first fainlt strain of music is heard, and she knows it to come from ui> the lake, from Lee or be- yond, where a little pleasure steamier is starting out, up the lake or down, as may lie, with its freight of pleasure seekers. " Is It going up or down ?" sho wonders iddy, as she listens and waits, and pre- sently her query is answered by louder strains as the boat, well in shore, comes slowly down. Haw loud the music sounds now in the still night air ! It would quite drawn any lesser sound, such as an approaching footstep .upon the sand, or-is some one coming now ? Some one close at -hand ? She leans for- ward to look, with one arm twined about the pillar against which she has been, lean- ing. Just a moment before, the watcher among the lilacs and syringas has been startled almost Into revealing herself by the sudden appearance, close to her, and just on the other side of her thicket, of a small figure encumbered with something which it de- posits at the very edge of the (path, against a small shnrbby tree, and so close that she can- almodt reach out and touch U, as it is bein« placed and arranged with such care. -_Aunt Gass, for the watcher is no other, «ela a little triumphant as she .waits. " Ah, my clever friend," she savs to herself. J T_»t waa jreii thought ol io. -Come in through the stable yard and aeróse the I garden, Instead of down the palth as usual. Are you looking for a ghost, uoo, I wonder, or"-she »tanto thinking of Lorna, whom she has seen, and has fancied out on a ghost hunt like herself. Could this figure be seeking Lorna ? As the newcomer steps cautiously out upon the edge of the path, Auut Cass is thankful for the noise of the band so near them now, for. in moving to follow, she has caused the lilacs to rustle. But ehe is not heard ; and unmindful now of the anticipated ghost, she creeps after the gliding figure just be- fore, and going towards the boathouse. They are very near it now, and Aunt Cass, stopping as the other stops juat ahead, sees with a thrill something drawn from the breast, held up to the eye for an instant, then clasped in the ready right hand, as the figure moves on. As it is raised aloft in the uplifted hand, a gleam of light giances from it, and the spinster shudders. Is it a pistol or a knife ? She thrills with tomethmg like fear, but she keeps on, scarcely an arm's length behind the creep- ing figure Boom, boom, turn, turn, turn, goes the music. No tear of 'being heard now. And now the path makes a little inward curve as it circles around the boathouse on either sitîe. iBut the advancing figure keeps to the lower path, gojng between the building and the lake ; and Lorna, waiting at the landward front, sees neither too first nor the second shadow as they slowly make the cir- cuit of the boathouse, coming around and towarda the waiting girl from the further side. .But if Lorna does not see, some one else does. At least ho sees the first figure as it creeps around the north-east curve of the little building, and halts an instant to Taise and hold in readiness something at which he guesses, more from the gesture than from actual sight, and now the creep- ing figure, with hand uplifted, is at the cor- ner. It peeps cautiously, to be assured that liorna is still there, and then There is a swift spring, a cry of warning, and a quick, upward blow at the threatening arm. At the same instant Lorna feels herself snatched backward and within the boathouse, and sees two flying figures, pur- suer and pursued, hearing at the same moment the tinkle of falling glass upon the stone paving of the little surrounding portiere " Are you hurt, Miss Hilton ?" asks a man's voice bieathlessly ; and even as she answers No, Lorna sees him spring through the nearest archway nnd dash down the path. Then there Is a quick exclamation, in the saime voice, and she hears : " Miss Chetwynde !" " Mr. Cook !" " Good heavens ! are you hurt ?" " No, but that little beast, he-ho threw me down, and it's no use, Mr. Cook, he's off on his wheel. Let's look aflter Lorna. He must have meant harm to her. What was it ?" They are at the entrance now, and Lorna meets them there. " What Is It ?" she asks, and at the moment there rings out a shriek of fear, or pain, or both ; and at the same time a loud shout as of triumph. " Stay here ! Be careful ! It was vitriol, ííhlink !" With the words on his laps the sheriff is off in the direction of the sound. Higgins has done his work well. Alt the point where the lawn merges into the wood, beyond and southward, the shore extends outward like a tiny cape ; and here a group of trees has been cut through to open the path, so that alt this point the shadows are dense across the way where the branches meet overhead. It is the only spot so covered, and here Higgins, heedless of possible consequences, and eager only " to catch the ghost," has set his traD and has succeeded beyond has highest hopes. Across the palth, from tree to tree, he has stretched a tennis net. " Now then," he says to himself, " let it come a-saliin' along. If it's a live thing that'll stop It," and it dad. Having placed his net, he has taken his atat.on behind a tree, w.Ui a lantern, lighted and covered with a blanket, close at his feet, and when the sheriff reaches the place, he finds the man bending over a form lying in a hoiriibly cramped position, and motion- less upon the ground, the light of his up- lifted lantern showing a pallid face, a boyish figure, and a wrecked bicycle, ali entangled In a torn tennis net, whian iwell-nlgh brings the sheriff to his knees, as he comes hurry- ing on. At the next moment Loyd Hilton, with a second lantern, comes running up. Being men of nerve, they waste no words. The boy Iles close to the foclt of a tree, and when they lift him the blood trickles from a cut in the temple. Tuiere is but one thine to do, and it is promptly done. They Hit the lifeless foim, and send Higgins-frightened now, and ashamed, after a sharp reprianand from hi6 master-running ahead to prepare the way. As they bear their burden gently forward, Lorna and Aunt Cass come panting up, and as the rays from Loyd's lantern fall full .upon the still face, the spinster starts, looks closer, and, suddenly, turning, hurries Lorna on. A moment later she meets them at the steps alone. " Give mo your lantern, Loyd," she says firmly, " and put hhn down a moment upon tho divan while you go and care for Lorna. I have sent her to the kitchen on an errand and you must not let her come back here until"-she glances down at the pale face. " Be careful !" she adds as they enter the door. " Take him to my room," Loyd says, as they place their burden upon the hall divan for the moment, and send some one for Jarvis at once." , As he turns away Mrs. Hilton hurries to- ward them. . , " What is it '" she aska, but Aunt Cass, who has pushed Loyd away from the divan and hurried him after Lorna, now turns and e?ys to the sheriff, "Stand back," and Ignoring for the moment Mrs. Hilton and her query, she kneels beside the divan, looks closely into the white face, and thrusts her fingers through the thick, close, clustering hair. Then she rises and loosens the collar of the neglige shirt. " Mrs. Hilton," ehe says, turning sud- denly, and suddenly becomes the cool com- mander. " You will have to give this poor soul an- other room-not Loyd's ; and-call your wennon. This"-pointing to the prostrate figure-" Is-a woman." " A-woman !" iFor the moment Mrs. Hilton has lost her gentle self-control. "Do you mean-a woman-and-the ghost V" And now Miss Cassandra feels a touch of the "^nerves." " The ghost ? Yes, she Is the ghost ! She has just tried to kill Lorna, or destroy her beauty with vitriol. She is also, I fcellove, the owner of the face of Lorna's dreams and visions. (But-she has been half, or wholly, killed by your servant's trap, and-she Is a woman !" *? Come !" Mrs. Hilton turns and leads the way upstairs, while the snerlff, after one glance toward Aunt Cass, llft3 the slight figure, obedient to her signal, and carries it to the dainty chamber, at the door of which the two women stand waiting. " The heart still beats," he snys, when he has placed his burden upon tho bed and ex- amined It with quick, intelligent touch and glance, " and there Is a weak pulse. Now for Doctor Jarvis." " One moment." Aunt 'Cass turns from one to the other. " Loyd and Lorna must cot be admitted-must not know-yet. And -I will take charge of this girl-at least, until the doctor comes. (Let there be no talk. I ibeliove the key to our mystery Iles . there." And she points toward the bed. (To be continued.) 