FITZROY DIVISIONAL BOARD. Tin- iiii'iil lily meeting nf I lu- fitzroy j Divisional Bunni was la li! yi'-ii'ulay. There wore present : - M.-rs. M. Boili.v (Chairman). C. Sainler-mi. \V. Well-. I. Crook, s. Ewart, I'. Siuiih. li. I h.adman. anJ E. Allans. Conv-pondenee. A li'llcr was received from thc Secre- tary of thc Rockhampton Joint, Health Hoard, notifying that Mr. Reilly lind re signi'd his scat on that. Hoard, anil asking that another representative lie appoililo.I in his place.- Referred lo " Miscellaneous business.'' Applications for alterations in the names of owners of property were received, mut the alterations diverted to he made. .Mr. \V. Wells wrote asking to have fis. placed on the pilj -sheet, ill favour of .Mr. liollz for work done «1 Lion Creek.-The amount was ordered lo he puid. Mi's. C. Cross. Bajool Hotel, wrote as follows :-" Most potent, grave, and reverend signiors, my noble und approved good masters,--I nm in. receipt of a most gratifying comiminicalion from your Clerk," intimating thal at your bust meet- ing you had graciously condescended to grant to your humble servant thc respect- able sum of äs. compensation for removing and burning the carcass of a horse thal had died in thc waterhole at Bajool. While begging your acceptance of my sincere gratitude for your generosity, may 1 be permitted to re- mark that your doubly generous intentions towards the lucky individual who i>cr forined a similar operation on the carcass of a bullock at thc Agricultural Reserve makes mc wish that il had been been a bullock instead of a horse that hud yielded up its ghost at Bajool. The public, how- ever, arc so inquisitive nowadays that it it a matter of reglet that you have not thought fit to explain why one person should receive 10s. for removing a bullock, while another should be paid olT with half the sum for removing a horse. Tliis is not/ thc first time that I hare caused dead ani- mals to be removed from these waterholes in the interests of Hie public. I cannot, however, continue lo do so gratuitously, and not wishing to trespass again on your generosity after your liberal treatment of me on this occasion, 1 shall in future rc port such malters to the honourable mem- ber for Ulam, who will doubtless give them his prompt attention. As these putrid carcases invariably send forth a perfume which rivals not the odour of Araby, a sniff of it cannot fail to produrc a stimu- lating effect on his nasal organ. May t request that you will have the goodness to drop this munificent sum into the hospital box, and console yourself with the assur- ance that, although 1 have trespassed some- what violently on thc resources of your Board for once in my life, you shall never again bc troubled by mc in a similar way.'1 -Tho Chairman : I move that the pail about the hospital box be disregarded. Mr. Smith : I will second the motion. Whoever removed the beast never burned it, and the writer of the letter ought to be prosecuted for forgery, because it is not Mrs. Cross's writing. We should not he justified on that letter in putting the 5s. in the hospital box.--Mr. Adams : Certainly not. Thc signature is not Mrs. Cross's. Thc Chairman : I move that the letter be not received.-Mr. Smith :I second the motion. I know who wrote the letter. He has forged many a signature. There have been many letters from him in the " Bulletin " too.-Mr. Adams : When a man forges Id- lers like that thc matter should bc placed in the hands of the police.-The second motion proposed by thc Chairman was car- ried. A lengthy letter was received from Mr. R. Ryrie, complaining of thc ¡ate Chairman of thc Board (Mr. T. R. A. Creed) having neglected to keep nn appointment to mee! him at Ulam and of Hie neglect of tho Board to put thc Ulam Road in order.-Mr. Smith proposed that the letter be not re- ceived. He remarked I hat Mr. Creed had kept his promise : but Mr. Ryrie did not go to meet him. The whole trouble was that the mailman did not want to <¿o ta Ulam.-Mr. Ewart seconded the motion. He declared the letter was uncalled for, and said the Board had more than kept its promise lo spend iii 10s. on the road if Mr. Ryrie expended a like sum.-The motion was carried. Messrs. R. A. Brumm and (Irani, solici- tors, wrote on behalf of Ur. Higgins pointing out that Hie following lanela, ad- joining the .Meteor Burk Orphanage, wen used exclusively for the purposes of the Or- phanage, and, therefore, were exempted from rating under subsection li of section II of the Valuation and Bating Act of 1SII0 .-Portions 2W2, 2Ui:i. 2. 3. AS. r,i. ¡iii. la, ¿a, Ma. :)7.'t. :W(I. 21)03. and 224.'. They asked that Hie land bc exempted ac- cordingly.-The Chairman : 1 beg lo move that the matter be left to our lawyer to consider.-Mr. Smith : I think thal if you look al the Act yon will lind il is quite right.-Mr. Sanderson: 1 will second tho motion.-Mr. Smith ; There is no reason to refer it, to our solicitor-, because thc Act says orphanages are exempt.- Mr. Adams: Under certain circumstances. Mr. Smith : There i- no limit.-The Chair- man : There mus! he a deed of transfer. - Mr. Smith : 'lhere is n.> limit. Mr. Adams : So far as I can uniloMaiul. in thc ease of orphanages and iu>1itutinns nf that kind a certain amnion nf lani! with Hie building is exempted : liol il people gn mi taking up land, anil laking np land, and taking up land afterwards. I .1,. not think they are exempt. I lieliev Hie original block nil which the lllliblill- k put is exempt. Iml not bullier -elections. - Mi. Sandel -on ; Yo-. 1 think any religion- in -lilutiiiu may lie rca-,innl>lv limited lo something -, imf it i- altogether wrong Ilia! they -Imnlil Imbi thc nh,.lc , mini ry -ide big enough fur I lie monly nf Ynr'k -hire and be e\eiupl limn l.-ixalimi. while nihcr- who aro -Iniggling a low miles away In earn ¡i Hiing -huul.l have lu nuke mud's fur il- lionolil. Mr. Smith : ll is lint ¡i (burch. Mr. Snud.-r-uii : ll wo mn-t bond I" il. lot ll- dn il ..li leg.il iidvioe. Mr. Ev.nii : What i- the ar. ;i ,,l l.m,| enm|iri-e.l :ll I il- I "I I ion- -, Tl,,. I I,.linn.Ill : I lin um know. Mr. S.lei-rn, : I ,l" "ni cu e «lid lier ii i- il,., laigü-h i hinch or Hie I!.au ( allmiie ( hinch. Hie lo-s kind il i- lin- heller |',,r Ibo ..I r\ . Mr. Sniilh: ' 'ur -elieilni « ill .¡mple toll we eaniml ? 'lo ike hind. Mi. Sander-.ni : I'll! the motion. Mr. Chairman, ami lot ,.- get nn v. nh i he l.n-i,,,-. Tl.ml ¡mi was pul -m.l ..uriel. Mi. s.,,üh . . ...ne I ' -.I lin.I ll,o clan-.-. -I will lui v.- a '"I cf .il.I,. 111 g.-i ,,-,,-r ii. Mr. Sandor ? Wc .1. «ant ,,11 Stanwell ' ». "'f. ''I ''. las.-li.,... I .1.1 »-.in« I.. I"- ."I;- ...'il.il ul..i M.. --milli lal'iei ??' |. m--. : lloro i- ll,,- ol.III-,.. Mr. ( loni; .I' "Inc.. He- .-kill-, ? h -m- land ll-e.| . \elti-n ol;, |," oiplian i-e pinpu-. Mn, Iv ¡ .-'H Hun h.i,I i- ,.,,| c..intel .,,ri,han !"'--. Mr. -.mle,-,,, : ll i- ,.""-h. Mr. age In gel ll,lld ol' .1(1011 Ullin ,-" I III' Seerel.ll V ni tho W.-lwnnd I'lnglV-.S COMFORT. - Agreeable soap for the hands ia ono that dissolves quickly, washes quickly, rinses quickly, and leaves thc sWn soft and comfortable. Such a soap is Pears. Association wrote asking the Hoard lo ap- point an iie-peetor of nuisances and otter- ing lo lill Hie ]insi|jou without renumera- tion. Tlie writer poinle<l mil Ilia I a large munbee of sheep hail (lie,I lately in thc township and lind been allowed to rot, « aii-ing a great nuii-aneo. Ile also staled he had jiirnru'il un o.\|iondiluro of IDs. in 'bawing away and burning a carcas*, nf a -?cay luir-e which wa» lying in the creek i uiiieiliately in front of the post ofliee. and a-ked thc ilium) lo refund thal iijiiuunl. - A lengthy discussion followed the reading of (lie let'ler. in the cours,' of wliicJi nierai members expressed thc opinion (hat au in- spector of nuisances wa* quite unneces- sary ¡ind Illili, if Mich a« olliei'i" were re- quired he should bc a K il.ii iel ollicial. Members also lolled allentiun to the fact that Hie claims for thc destruction of dead animais were increasing. Mr. Adams re- marking (thal, if (he Hoard were going to pay Ills, for every beast so destroyed he would be able to make a very good thing ' on! of it as he could buy horses for L's. (id., take them on to tile roads, and kill and hum thom. The general idea was thal the Hoard should exereb* extreme cure in dealing with applications "imilnr lo that made by thc Secretory of the association, and, wll'iilc making no hardand-iust rule, should insisrf. that the person making thc application should furnish the brands of tuc animal. With regard to the letter, it. «as deoiuod lo receive il ami inform thc writer thal no claim could be entertained unless the cost of destroying tile dead animal could bo recovered from the owner. A proclamation establishing a. ronervi? for water, parish of Westwood, was re- ceived.-Keceived. The. ( leak of the Gog.uipo Divisional Hoard fonvanled a letter and plan received hy his Hoard from the Under-secretary for baud-., and ulrich should have lM"<'n sent to the Fitzroy Hoai-d. (The letter referred to the application to close n, road through portion Ü50, parish of Windidi, and «shed if the Hoard had any objection <o thc pro- posal.) - It was decided to inform tho Under-secretary that the Hoard hud no ob- jection to Hie proposal. The Secretary of the Stanwell School Committee nskod to have a large gum (roe on t'he south bank of Stanwell Creek re- moved.-Received. Mr. C. Hnlvornon. Stanwell, nilled inten- tion to tile stale of the Stanwcll- Stewiiii's Creek Hoad. Only .?1 had been soient on the road since the Hoard was formed. Mr, Sanderson moved thal Ike willer be informed that as soon as the road repairs authorised in Hie Gracemere district lind lieen completed the gang would lie trans- ferred to Stanwell, which would he in about two or three months' finie-. - The Chairman: That is too far ahead. I will move that the letter lie received. - Mr. Goodman: 1 will second your motion, Mr. Chairman. It is thc liest way of detdiug with letters like this. / was spoken to nlioul Uiis and said thc gang would lie sent there when it Iliad done lilie work at Gracemere - tlint ve. could not take it away from whole it was at. present : but thin letter comes in.-Hie Chairman's mo- tion was carried. Mr. .1. Heck, Stanwell, applied for ?1 for Hearing trees on tile main rond and grubbing out two stumps, an authorised by Mr. Sandereon. - The amount was ordered to be paid. Tile Secretary of thc Wycarbah Progress Association «note again drawing attention to the state of Hie roads in the district and nuking if tile visit of thc members of No. i subdivision, promised in May last, had been abandoned.-Mr. Goodman said the Hoard had called for tenders for Ibu work required ; hut one. only was sent in. So it was thc fault of the. )ieople of thc district that tile roads were in Uieir pre- sent state.-The Chairman moved that the letter be received and thc writer Informed (liai HIP. members would visit thc district nt tho curliest possible moment. - >lr. Sanderson seconded the. motion, and it was carried. A loller was received from Mr. J. M'Cninloy, Ulam, stilling thal about live moni hs ago he appliisl for a refund of Cl Ss., which had licen placed lo the credit of Messrs. T. and L. Douglas und that if the II moimi, WUK not |niid before the 2nd of July, he would pince the matter in thc hands of hi* solicitor for recovery. - lte i-oivcd. Tho Undcr-S-eroliiry for Dands for warded IL plan of u- new road uloauj; and within the north-wetitoni lainndary of por lion Div, parish of Playfair, that, was in- tended to he opened to give a«tns from portion 73v lo thc one-chain road lending to Hie railway siding.- lt was decided to inform Hie Uiider- SccrciUiry Unit Ulm Hoard agreed to thc proposal. The I'nder-lioiiw) Secrelaiy wrote noti- fying that Oho (invoriior- iii-l'ouncil had ap- proved of thc Hoard's bye-laws.-Received. The 1 /iidcj-lloine Soi-rotary wrote us follows: - " Jîcfcmiig to your letter of lille 21)1 h ultimo und to a depu- tation which recently waited on thc Home Secretary from your IWioixl in connection with HCVITUJ mattera 0011 neeted with (he Jñjtzmy lWvision, 1 have thc honour, hy direction, to> inform you (hat the 'Minister lin* approved of grants being made lo (Hie. Hoard from the vote ' grants in aid of roiuls and bridges' for the purpnt.es moni toned- najmcjy. road crossing Deep Creek (South Yaamba Hoad), iH(JU: road from Ulam to Crocodile, tlOO: one-third cost of ii bridge OTIT Neerkol Creek: one-third cost of a bridgie over Wicked Creek. Of these amounts, however, indy tlOO will lie availnlsV for tlus year's vote, mid 1 will bo glad if your Hoard will indicate which of the two roads mont inned il. is desired ithe gran't. for. The 'balance of the promised grants will lie |uiid in due course from next year'« vote in aid of roads ?md bridges."-Tlie Ohainuan moved that the letter lie received and the delegates thanked.-Mr. Crook seconded the motion, and it was carried. - On tJie motion of Messrs, Sanderson and SmMli it iras decided the. £1(10 should lie devoted to Wie cross- ing of Deep Creek. Thc President of I he Rockhampton Joint Health Hoard forwarded a prwept for£113 7s. 4d.-iKeferred to " M isecllajicous busi- ness." Reports. Tho following reports were presented hy the gangers : - Xo. 1 Milidivision : Tlie gang was em- ployed from the 1st (ill thc 7th of .lunn in cIleetiiK." general repairs botaveen Doh's Creek and Archer's Cattle Station, irwin the SHi till the 171 h m metalling the road from Oakey Creek towards lUjool, from the 18th till thc 21st. in carrying out general repaire from tflie Port Curtis Road to tho Ulam diggings, from Hie 22nd till (lie 30Wi in pro- curing limiter for the Six-mile Illidge. The handrails of the old bridge at Mrs. Cross's were broken and four corner posta wore re quired. Th« decking of the Kigihi-iniic Hridgn was becoming dangerous, juill re- quired spiking and Malis tH'twocn Ute logs. -Thc report iva« received, and it was de- cided to instruct the overseer to do <Jie ne- cessary repairs to Dh« Eight-mile Illidge ns soon ns bc hold finished the work 'he is now engaged on. No. 2 sulnlivision : Tlie gang was em- ployed during the month on the. Nino- mile Road. A log was 'broken in caril of the box drains near I'Sgan'w mrll. and Mr. XV. Childs had agreed to repair tthcni for III-. The road from tim Nine-mile Watehole to- wards Gracemere had Von blocked nt Fairy Rower by Messrs. Archer Rrothcrs having fenced off thc old track, and about ten chains of scrub would require clearing to make the road truilieable. The work re quired' immediate attoiilion. - Thc Chair- man explained iliol he had regarded the clearing of (Hie scrub as urgent- work and ordered it to he done.--Air. Sanderson en- tered ft pretest against Hie Chairman's ac- tion, declaring mat tho work was not in Hi© least urgent and that a chairman, though tin' Hoard's executive ollieer, had no right to order work without* authority from (Die Hoard or without, at any rufe, consulting tile other members of the sub division'of which he was a representative; but tito Chairman subsequently explaining that Hie wi was only about £2, he re marked " If you had said that at first 1 should not llave said so much."-The re- port tva« received. Tho Chairman, in reply to Mr. Goodman, said it had lieon agreed that Overseer Uar .rctt's gang should remain a week longer on tho Nine-mile Road. Tho Finance Committee recommended Uii! payment of accounts amounting to £370 5«. Sil., made up as follows :-Gene- ral expenses t including £230 14s. 8d. for thu doini Heall li Hoard), £2(15 8s. Cd.; work« in subdivision No. 1, £42 7s. 4d.; works in subdivision N"o. 2, £02 3s. 10d.: works in subdivision No. 3. (is. An <ie com>jnu)yiiig statement showed Unit, willi all account* paid, iHie Board would have a credit bahmicc of £522 Ids. Cd.-thc balance of subdivision No. I lieing £121) ISs. I'.d.. oí No. 2 IM'.w 5s. 7d.. of NV). £->l)2 "fW.i Ü.I.I.-Mr. Crook remarked that Mr. V. T. .luvkunin had charged for thirty hours' work in connection willi Une lally of tlie Fitzroy 'Rridgc trallie. That. hi» under- stood, was au ovcrehai'go.-.Mr. Wells sahl that when Mr. .lackman was asked tn take flic tally he >ta'tcd it would occupy about, a day and a-balf. or. say. tifteen hom« Co-liisoqiioiilly. he had chained for liHwn hours doo nniilh, which, at ls. lid. an hour, rcprii^enlcil au overcharge of £1 2s. (id. Mr. Sanderson did not know why Mr. .lack- man hail been employed at. all or why the nrnangi"¡nenl. wa« not reduced to writing. -'Mr. Crook called attention to 'the iaei. thal. Mi-ssrs. Archer Hrnlhcrs had chnrg.-'d 4d. -per lb for ~.ill. beef supplied to Un gang.--Mr. Smith said Hie. Messrs. Archer Hnothers were nut anxious to supply the meat at. all and charged thc Hoard only what they charged everyone. The gang was linallie to gel meal, anywhere else. Then Um Messrs. Archer «lid not weigh out to an inlin e.- Mr. ICwart : lt. is exorbitant. 1 lUiink Hum if we write to the Mfe-srs Archer tiley will reduce the, juice to 3d. The Chairman : Them is liol binti («' bc done but jiay Hie. account.-Mr. Adams: We -must jiay or do without 'tilio meat. Thc Cliairninu jnoposed that thu report be adojitod less Cl 2*. (ld. overcharged liv Mr. Jaeknian and thal, that maller be h'-ft, in tho hands of Messrs. Wells and Kwarl. ilr. (.'(«(lillaii -ci'iindod Hie motion, and il wu* carried. Thc billowing ropoil.-- of Hie works rom mitten; were adopted : - .Subdivision No. 2: I. That Overseer lfcivreXf ho som tu Gogango ( reek lo in siiCit tho <-i-(is-ing. and. if opjiort-nnity ofTurnl. arrange a contract for its repair n.ml for any other urgent work in the. vicinity. 2. Thal lenders ho called for the inislailing of three (hains of Hie nuad at Westwood from l.an- on's corner in the diii'il-ie-ii of I'.ie Malo -ehool - Hie metalling lo ho half-a-chain wide. :!. 'lilah thc t:hainnan confer with the Mayor of Hock lullujltol] alni arrange eil her fur tho tem jioniry rejiair or inspection ol' the IHIIIII diuy bridge on Hie < i.ieo.lilc Hoad. 4. That [ihuis and speoilica.tion- ho jnvjiaii-d for tho pi-ojin-cd bridge over Wieke.I Crook and the I hail-man ompov.evoil lo take -tops l»v prc-ure i'll o-tiiiiaie ol tju- ec-l ol the noll;. SuKliu-i.ai Nd. 3: I. 'liliaI (endors he called in metallic about four chain- of Ibo Yaamba 1,'oa.l mar Murray's "1,1 gate and huon! \ r-,o , ;-:'iu- on Ibo Mo:ini-'i Ko.l.l nen ' Sfaap- pi.Wool;. 2. Th«I Hie UlCUlllol-- i'U the -llbilil i-ion he authorised lo obl.iiii -|'o.-ilieali( a- ll"- work r. liiired lu he d. no on Hm Pcp t'reek ('ros- ing a.ml .-al! for london ¡,, lime lor l J;, \- \\(. mc-ting ol' Ibo I'naril. S:,e -lok - (bilden. Mr. tt.ll- v itbdlou lae moll.,|l ol »hieb . had uii. ,'l i".lb, . lo Ibo . li'., I Hull Sue Y. b I o ;ivi ?' tide- nu nib-' noli.?'- lo .pot In- I. .J I.e\, no,II;.I ]\il. Ml. W, ll-, ia ac ,-l-lal-, e oil', i",l'iee. | ol ed I hal a I.Ü..V l-o milton to I ll,- j (?ino S. i-i Lu \\. a - !. i io; th il in i bo m .v i .coll Ibo. ll::,.,'-Ill Ibll Ibo f.-lio.l toi-ullieb "- 0.I..10 -I io,' Coi!,- oí Ibo lillil I bl-- ho ,llt, led I,,-io |..ii voir- t , l.wolOi.. ll-.., I h.. I all Ibo ,!ni-i,-!ij| l.oald- ia lb - .ol. I!V bo .,-! - ,| lo i-.¡ - ;., -, ,-:,,. ' ?ranted l.,i lb,- puipo-. Hi- idea va ml. as Hu- molli v had liol bc-n derived oin lal.- il uii^bl he ii-il lo form thc lou-: .,! a 1.1 l,a- Ibo creel iou ol' lillie Km- I 'tiLl.li « ii - lin. King ('»uy.ii "1 nigl't U iiniN' <.'riM( l'<'|.[iriillili; l uí'-. I-. (»I. AiUl. when tho Hoard wa» compelled lo vacate il* present quarters. Hut (herc wns another point in IK-- considen-d. That was -thc sotting aside of this Bum would tend j to cheek II spirit of extravagance.-Mr. Smith : lt, will he a temptation to the Health Hoard to issue a bigger pro-opt, and when yo» go jo tho Home fîeerelarv for a grant he will teJl you to take the £200. Mr. Goodman seconded tho motion, re- marking that the Hoard did not. kuow the day it would Ive turned out of ils present office?.-Only the mover and seconder voled for the proposal, and it was lost. Fitzroy Park Malaie. The Chairman moved-"That this Board bring under thc notice of thc Minis- ter for Lands the lons of revenue sustained by the Hoard through such- a large ]>ortion of thc Fitzroy Park lístate, not being let. and request thc Minister to throw open the unselected part lo occupation license ; also that the Hoard impress upon the Go- vernment the desirableness of the foregoing in view of thc large number of starving stock we have in thc Central Division ut thc present Unie." Owing to thc land not being selected the Hoard, aa nell as the Government, was deprived;of a largo re- venue. More thnn that, the fences were going to ruin, lu fact, he had been told that people were toking down thc fence and pilttuig up sltproilb* in rte place. (Mr. .Smith : "And using it for grazing, J sup- pose.") The land was not being used at all. (Mr. Adams: "They arc using it.") If people were using it they were not pay-1 ing for il, :ind it was unfair that anyone should be allowed to Tun their stock free while others had to pay. If the land were thrown open to occupatio« license no one would be prevented fiom selecting it ; any- j one. would he able to select it at any time, j Ile believed it could bo let .it £5 per square mile-that there were people who were prepared to take it at that rate. ( Mr. Adams: "The rates come lo "ld. an acre on the Government valuation.") They would not amount to thal under occupa- tion licence,-Mr. Adams - 1 thought it was on account of the loss of revenue that you wanted it let on occupation license.-Thc Chairman : Why should it not be let ? lt will hiing us something. Subdivision No. .1 will get the benefit of thc rates, lt will liol receive much directly ; but it will hiing revenue to the Government and the people who take it will k-c Ulai Hie fences ¡ire not destroyed.-Afr. lCivart seconded the motion.-Mr. Crook sahl the land hail licet! open io uneondit ional .'selection since March, and pint of it hnd-'liein selected under the unconditional clauses of the Act. lt would be unfair to tho people who had selected in thal way to throw the balance ol' (lie land ripen under «ecupotion licence. -Mr. Sanderson argued that Hie only way in which thc land could bc dealt willi lo the advantage of tho country was to sell il and declared that the sooner it became fvchold again the better. As to tiie. benefit it would bo lu the Hoard to throw it open to occupation license, if i' lui,light in a rent of ld. per acre, it won! : give (he Hoard only £1 10s. per mil. 'I bo Chairman said he. bad quito expeead Mr. ( rook to oppoBe his motion, because ho bad a son-in-law who had land on one side of the estate and another relative who hud land on tile other side, and, of eourse, they «mid graze their stock free. Everyone of the residents in thc vicinity, however, were in favour of the land being thrown open to occupation licence. Til", land would never be selected. There was no permanent water on it. and il w ould take moro money I lum a selector could find to make waler. The y/ilc nhjni of hi» motion iv;is lo make (he people who used the laud Jiay for il and to save the lenee.-Mr. Adams: I do not soe (hat it would do th« Hoard any good. Mr. Wells. : lt should be left open lo selec- tion a little longer.-Tko motion, on being pul. to the vote, was lost, only the mover and seconder voting foi- il. The. Valuation. I'lic Clerk priwaitcd tain valuation for the year, lt showed (hut the value of (lie properly in Milsliivieion Ko. 1 wa- £72.:r.!l: No. 2. £lUli.7i).i ; No. 3, .£7tf.2:fl-^howing decrease in No. I, ivs oomparcd with las! ?ear, ol OOM) and increases in Nos. .> ind of £ 11.IMO and £H4.M> reflectively, 'i'i.o Iterations, ¡1, wart explained, »oro due liielly to propertiies ilia-viinfj hoon erro i.-on-ly jilac.il last year.--The valuation ia.- adopted. On ino motion of Mr. San-j orson, it was also doehleil tile Clerk should vi-il. Mount Morgan wit ill a i jew to j dit.lining a li-l of tho tiropcitic- -ii Moimi l -her and Moonmera, I.lin,'. nore liable lo ho rated ami go f-o Moun'i, Uslier and .Moon- mera and value thew properties. ( !onei-añ lousiness-. Tho t'liiirmnii brought up 'Hie .|iio-tiou .ii the J Ul I ill .I-f ol' a. soi'oinl s.l.h- : lull ll mis de-idol to defer ooii.siderati.iu >.! Hie mallet t iltil tho iie\t meeting. Tho i -iiairman said ¡Jin < '1er!; uas nt lilied lo extra ivminn cition for I lu- «").; he had done in comnii'l ion willi ¡-i - v.'Ina lion and pointed out Ilia! !"? -'eui!,I pri KT lo oho him ..ll ll .TO,.-. -alan to ?mitin" a l-.-nu--. Mr. Sjinlet-n -houghl . ". ; ...,". .."-I Ce, .('.??...,. ? .,.? I'-.a,,! . ? I"I. :? . lb.-! ? ina i d. I bc I liai.ll -aid i o dal ."- bl.ov. ,VW". II. r il oas a.lvi-.tl.lc l-l Hie. I: 'ai.I :-? ap ..in; another r,.pro.-..i,!aH..e nu- Health Y\ nn.W iln-iif IVn"\iiiit,1 Ciuv fi.: <\nu,'lis i'"1' <'"l'l- »'--'i- l:iil-. ls (ill. Advt. Board or not--Mr. Adams thongM tUt as tja- Hoard liad to jny it dh oui d bo «. presented. Mon? than that, he uhougbl ib should choose one of hs best men ta look, niter its iiiicrests. Thc HcaMJi Board ha* been s|ienditi|! at a terrible rate. lt (ami had so much money that jt had scattered -~~" it right and left, caring nothing for " tfie ]Hior cooky who had to lind it. Rock- hampton, according to thc medical men, HM in un insanitary, lillhy, disgraceful cotxft l.ion. anti Ibo funds -were being spent to put it. in decent order. That was very un- fair to Hie component hodi<* outride Horit liaiupU'ii. To Iiis mind, tilio FiUroy Divi- sion had no right lo be asked to com tribute unless thc whole of tho division» Sn *He» tral Queensland were asked to join in. . Fitzroy Divinion was no moro cntrUod to pay than Ha nana or Duaringa, lt hatillo pliigne. lt lind always looked after ilk backyards and slaughtcryards. 'i'hat «ntl point that flic Board1» ivpreecntaíiv» should look after, and ho should also nee that, no more money was expended by nbc. Ilea!th Board on" work Mut, property speaking, should bc done by thc ItootiDaBrp lon Ununeil. He begged to move MT Wells bethe Doa rd's representativ* bathe Health Donni. - Mr. Smith sciVndaLU« motion, and it was carried liv an wmtâ mous vote. : Mr. F.gan cximplaincd ifflial Overee* Ba» rctt had asked one of the employees At.lils dairy to attend to fi.ll in two holes tKjsr his place and said he did not want Ute Hoard's employees to interfere with Jrb servants. Mr. Crook proposed thnit a letter be Wnt to thc niombcr for the district, tho Hon-J. Murray, asking him i/o interview JR Minister for Lands with reference to gran.t ing the Hoard Ihn quarry on tho Fftatay Park list ute-Mr. Sanderson object»} to asking Mr. Murray to do a tiling thni "fte had told the Hoard it would he illegal jo do.-Mr. Adams seconded -tho motion *ÍH pointed out that. the. Hoard was simply asking for a piece of land on the oAptit in exchange for a piece of thc road Ul ni {fte fioveniuieiit had taken into *he esta!** The motion was earned. The Chairman, in reply 1*> Mr. SmifA, said thc writ* for thc recovery oí Tates "hf.. -"".« erreurs would be. issued at an early date. This uas ali tuc business. 