THE CURSE OF THE AGES. BY "A BANKER.. FR,?rt the very earliest stages of the world's history, back even to that little known period before the flood, the fer mented juice of the grape has been used -and, unfortunately, abused-by man kind as a beverage. The first mention of wine in all history is unhappily a record of the abuse of the intoxicating fluid by Noah, who, though a preacher of right eousness, succumbed to its seductions. And, throughout the long chronicles of the world's annals,. ever repeated in stances occur of men, .notable in all the varied walks of life, even great rulers, statesmen, poets, warriors, artists, who, against their better judgment, have vol untarily allowed themselves to be en slaved and ruined by the mad, insensate craving for strong drink. From Alex ander the great, who, though conqueror of the- world, could not conquer himself, to the barbarian savage who drinks him self insensible with kava or arrack, the career of untold millions has been blasted by the blighting effects of the abuse of alcohol and although throughout the British Empire, thanks to the work of temperance societies, and also to the ubiquitous Salvation Army, the preval ence of drunkenness among the masses has during the past two decades very materially decreased, yet on the contin ent generally the opposite has been the case. And what a degrading and contemp tible spectacle does he, by courtesy called a man, present, who having gradually become more and more enslaved by the vice, at length reaches the dreadful stage of trembling delirium. By day in a trenulous state of abjeqt. misery, and 'wretchedness, fearing all manner of dis asters and calamities, and perhaps think ing that every individual entering his room is an undertaker come to measure \- him for his coffin ; and by night in even a far worse state of appreheosive terror, thinking his chamber is full of dreadful hobgohlins waiting to carry him off, an I that shadowy ghosts and hideous spec tres are hovering about him, while other chimeras of a disordered brain continue to add to the terror until he fancies him e self veritably shut in in the place of tor e ment. And so the wretched drunkard goes down to his dishonoured grave to await .the dread Judgment Day, morally and y physically a wreck, mourned by none, and an utter disgrace to humanity. And yet, had he but sought strength from on high, from Iim who never re y fuses any that come to Him, to combat .t and resist the evil habit which has grad e ally dragged him down to perdition, he :s would have lived honoured and respected. ye and would have had the added pleasure g of knowing that his future in the spirit ie world would be a life of ecstatic joy, and .' bright, glorious felicity. 