HAUNTED HAMPTON. HISTORIC GHOSTS AT THE PALACE. That Hampton Court Palace is re puted to be haunted is by no means the least of its many and undoubted attrac tions, and within the last few days some consternation has been caused by the apparition of a saectral hand moving over the old Flemish tapestries in the Guard Chamber. An artist from the South Kensington Museum, who has until lately been en gaged in copying the old tapestries, as serts that a ghostly hand-that of a woman, wearing, among others, a beau tiful marquise ring-- frequently appear ed hovering over the tapestries, so un nerving him that he has discontinued his work. It is generally suposed in the Palace that it is the hand of Catherine Howard, whose ghost has long been supposed to haunt the galleries. Not Only Appears, but Shrieks. Catherine Howard seems to be rather troublesome, for not only does she ap pear, but shrieks wildly through the old mysterious " Haunted Gallery." It was here that she escaped from her chamber when imprisoned there before being sent to the Tower, and ran along to seek an interview with Henry VIII., who was hearing Mass in the chapel. Just as she reached the door the guards seized her and carried her back, while her ruthless husband, in spite of her piercing screams, which were heard al most all over the palace, continued his devotions unmoved. And in this gal lery a female form dressed in white has been seen coming towards the Royal pew, and just as she reaches it hurries back with a look. of despair, uttering un earthly shrieks till she passes through the door at the end of the gallery. The gallery is now the lumber room for old pictures, and as the staircase is locked up the voice of the shrieking Queen is but rarely.heard. Another of Henry's wives, Jane Sey mour, also haunts the old-world rooms; a spectre has been seen to emerge from the doorway in the Queen's old apart ments, and wander about with a lighted taper in her hand on the stairs, and in the neighbouring Silver-stick Gallery. And Yet Another. Another and better-known Hampton Court ghost, the account of whose ap pearance are much more definite and circumstantial than are usually forth coming in such cases, is that of Mistress Sibell Penn, who, m October 1538 exactly a year after Jane Seymour's death-became foster-mother to the young Prince Edward. She died at Hampton Court in 1562, and was buried in Hampton Church, which was pulled down in 1829, and Mistress Penn's tomb was irreverently disturbed and her re mains scattered, although one account states that the body had previously been removed. But whenever the desecration oc cured, certain it is--so the story goes that munmediately after the shifting of Mistress Penn's monument strange noises, as of a woman working at a sninning-wheel, and muttering the while, were heard through the wall of one of the rooms in the large apartment in the south-west wing of the Palace. When search was made by the Board of Works in the direction whence these mysterious sounds proceeded, an an cient, and until then unknown, cham ber was discovered, in which an anti que spinning-wheel was found, and the old oak planks were seen to be worn away where the treadle struck the foor. The idea broached at the time was that, on account of thedesecrationof the tomb, her spirit had returned to haunt the rooms she had occupied during life. Why Did They Come Back. No further manifestations were notic ed until a few years ago, when the phenomena were renewed, and have since become increasingly frequent and startling. The low whirr of an unseen spinning-wheel, the weird mutterings of a sepulchral voice, and the stealthy tread of invisible feet have been heard by many; and it is further afirmed that Mistress Penn's tall, gaunt form, dress ed in a long grey robe, with a hood over her head, and long hands stretched out before her, has been seen in the' haunted chamber. This supernatural visitation was rendered the more im pressive from the narrator being a recent arrival at the Palace, and ignorant of the le-end. The judgment of even the most scep tical has been shaken by Mistress Sibell's vagaries, and she may certainly claim to rank among the best authenticated of historical ghosts.-" Morning Leader." 