St. Mary's Cathedral : , ' - \ '' "'V Sermon b) ; Archbishop Redwood On Protestantism. Blood and Rains. Polluted the Nuptial Bed. Archbishop Redwood,' of Wellington, who proaehod on the occasion of the dedication of St. Mary's Roman Catholio Cathedral, Sydnoy on the 9th instant said : My text is, " He shall reign iii the house of Jacob for over, and of His kingdom there shall be no end" — St. Luko i., 32-3. Wo aro here assembled in thousands to hold a grand oelehrotion, and to inaugurate a great event of ecclesiastical history— great in the memories of the past, great in the bright hopes of the future — the first Australasian Catholio congress. For many years, and under three successive aroh- bishops, conspicuous for their zeal, ability, and sncoess. you ( lutholica of Sydney emulat ing tho piety of your forefathers in those ages of faith whioh created the noblest religions edifices, grey with vonerahlo age, in the old world, set yourselves the noble task of per petuating in this fair Austral land the glorious traditions of tho past. This beantifnT cathe dral, now sufficiently completed to make us onvv tho f yes that will see it in its . finished mngnifioenco, this strnoture so grand in de- si an, so solid, so majestio, and so rich in every arohiteotural grace and detail, is yonr 1 gift to tho Almighty, worthy of your tra ditional faith and devotion. It is tho Teiumth of Your Faith attn Generosity. It will stand on its commanding site a principal ornament of your queenly capital, a splendid landmurk to be hailed . with joy oy the pilgrim from distant shores us he sails up your incomparable harbour. I re-- member that, 18 years ago, at the first open ing . of this noble pile, my theme was the divinity of Christ, and I see no reason to change that theme to-day. Christ did not found a school by science, nor an "empire by might, nor a sect by the passions of men — 'he founded a religious society, or church, by 'His own divine power. Ho set up a snnitual Kingdom to Last fob EyEB. -This glorious kingdom, this spiritual world, immeasurably superior to , the material world around us, is the work of His Divine oreativo. power, employing for that mighty purpose human instruments, humanly speaking, en- tiioly inadequate. The churob. being the work of Christ, was made to His image and likenesB. The churob is one with Christ She is His spouse, His raystio body. Through her, therefore. He is always visible, always speak ing, always acting in the world. She is, so to speak. His prolongation through time and space. His threefold functions of prophet, priest, and king He diaoharges by meqns of His mystic body, the ohurob. Christ gave infallibility to His ohuroh. But — still greater gift — He gave her indefectibility. Not only will she never err in the domain of faith and morals, but she will continue always to the end of tho world,, and as long as? she exists she cannot err. .She is in- defeqtiblo. and she olaims tbis property in the solemn -and reiterated promises-of Christ her head. He . promised that the gates of hell should not prevail against her; that He would be with her all days oven to the consumma tion of the world. (Matt, xriii.) Henoo her fuiliilg ' would - mako void Bis promises. . Infallibility. is . . . , \- A Mishit and Awful Gut, but necessary to meet and overcome a gigantic evil,- the lapse of mankind into error," the total loss of revealed'truth, the extiuetion of the supernatural in ttiq, minds and souls of men. Consider for a moment the nnmber and nature of tho Christian dogmas ; consider the catholioity of the .church ; consider the '.'infirmity .and. , malice? , of ?raen ; consider, the universal solvent .of. .'truth, man's proud, restless, and perverted intellect ; consider men's proclivities to sectB and divisions ; consider all this,, and you will readily admit tho wisdom and necessity of th'is special providence and assistance? of God culled infallibility. Christ is a priest, and He imparted His priesthood to His Church. Declaring' Himself., a high priest according to tho order ot Melohisedek, Christ as .'a priest forgave sin. Ho is the " Lamb that takoth away the sing of tho world. ' ' That power of for giving sin He alsoleftto His Churoh in' the person of His priests, who in the Sacrament of Order receive from him the power which after His resurrection. He guve to His Apostles, saying: "Receive ye the Holy Ghost ; whoso sins yon shall forgive they are forgiven them, and whose sins yon shall re tain they are; retained." Finally, Christ, as a priest, gave to His church His sanctity, with the powor to create, inoreose, and pro pagate it in His members by the seven channels nf His 'BUoraments, by His Perfect Law ob Standard of Life, and by His Divine example. Christ also wished His ehuroh to be catholio or universal. Finally, Christ made tho churoE apostolic, because she has her 'origin and her doctrine from Him through His apostles, and because she has the succession of nor pastors uninter rupted from them to our. day. Contrast tho true ehuroh,- tho body and bride of Christ, with the multitudinous pretendera around her. Look at those hundreds of Contradictor Dehoionations whioh. swarm in the British' Empire and' in some otherparts of the globo. Huve they any of. the marks of the true church, unity, sanotity, catholioity, .and apostolicity ? Surely not. Thoy have no unity. Look not for sanotity in rhose separate seots. I apeak not of indi viduals, hut of systems. The authors of tho Greek aohiem, Pbotius in the ninth century,, and Miohoel Cernlurius in the eleventh, had no motivo for their separation bnt blind ambition and lpst of power. The leaders and founders of Protestantism, Luther, Calvin, Zwinglius, ft o., were Notorious for Thkir Vices. Among tho Greek sohismatics the clergy aro badly- trained - for their sacred fnnotious, and live in a stateof pitiful abjection and contempt ; thoy reoeiye little or no consideration or respect .from tho people, and. they neither spread nor fulfil the Gospel teaohing. Among Protestants the most effeotual means of sahcti- fieation have disappeared— abstinenoe, fast ing, mortification, -confession, communion,. &c.; Both the Greek sohism and Protestantism havo ruther obstructed than prompted true civilisation. Tho first has brought despotism upon tho east, tho second covered Europe with blood and ruins in the sixteenth century, and has ever Bines been the helper and in strument of the worst foes of Christianity. It desecrated tho home, it < Polluted the Nuftial Bed, it lowered the dignity of womanhood, it devastated the school, and stopped tho pro gress of soienoo. In fine, neither Protestants nor Greek sohismatios havo shown that the action of tho Holy Ghost is with them. No examples of heroio virtues, no saints in their ranks at all comparable to the martyrs and mis sionaries of theCatholip ohuroh ; and they have -never been able to. obtain the 'sanotion of .a miraolo for .their work aud their doctrine. That they have no oatholieity is glaringly evident. .The Greek ohuroh is Confined to a part ot <the"Enst — ohlofly Greece, Russia, and Turkey ; and ProteBtants are eiranm- scribed witpln determinate limits — Lutherans jn Germany, Culvinists in Geueva andFrauoo, Anglicans in English possessions. AU aro national and none catholio. - Neither have thoy. apostolicity. They are Sefarated from the Pofe, who is the heir of 8t. Peter, the ohief of the . ' Apostles ; thoy . have a purely ' human and . in no senBe an apostolus origin. Their ministers have no lawful mission, and they catanot say that thoy have been sent by Jesus Christ to teach and baptiso all .nations; Privileged oblldron of this Catholio Churoh, and standing on the threshold" of the- 20th century, we nuty appropriately .take - a retrospect of the .outgoing, 19th. century. Froth tho' jaws of si revolution . the most fearful in history, Christ drow His Ohuroh unscathed, robust, and ' ; . " . Purified ,dt the Eire of Persecution. 'Many havo" been lier struggles during tho century all ovor tho .globe ; but many, too, her viotorios, . maiiy tho 'events whion have consoled bar children in thair dire conflict with tho world, the flesh, and the dovil. Wo may -instance the emancipation of tho Catholics ' throughout tho' British Empire, brought about' by tho gonius mid eloqnonce of tho immortal liberator Daniel O' Coiin oil ; tho glorious reign of Pins IX.; tho re-establishment of tho hiorarohy in Eng land ; tho Oxford movement and its harvest of illuBtrions converts, the Mannings, tho Newmans, the Fabors ; the definition of the immaaulato conception and the great spread of devotion" towards tho Blessod Virgin Mother of God, which havo merited for this oentury tho name of tho U Age of Mary" ; the Vatican Counoil and its proclamation of Papal infallibility; tho triumph of the- Catholio Churoh in Germany over the State despotism, .oalled by sad irony a -fight for civilisation, Kultnrkampf ; the wonderful and yet present Pontifioate of Leo- Xin., a truly providential man. Ho stands out liko a light house over our storm-beaten ago, tho : Ambassador of a'. Higher Power, the representative of" n greater moral foroe, the chief toucher, pointing out to a world en shrouded in dnrkness tho luminous path' of true progress and civilisation. Will tho world listen to groat Leo's voice ? Will it accept hiB unerring guidance and paternal . counsel, or will it spurn tho guide and rush headlong into tho abyss? Time will toll. Meanwhile, what are tho ehuroh's hopes and fears for the cen tury before uhP Besides the widespread perversion of minds caused by the numerous theories of rationalism,' besides tho systematic war waged in several countries against the chnroh, God's representative on earth; she has to contend with the materialistic tendenoy of the day. Then .caloulate tho opposition raised against tho church from Herest and Schism and all the means at - their dis posal. Great as) are her perils, the ohuroh has adequate powor from her Divino Founder to meet and overoome them. In this country, at all ovente, her prospeots are bright, while her progress has been wonderful. All honour to ' tho founders of this flourishing Australian Churoh! Hail, Commuuwealth of Australia, youngest in tho family of nations I God speed thee in thy great career! Be virtuous; be free; be, prosperous : be eternal I JProcede, protpm ; at regno, eato felix, eato ieaia, eato perpetun ! " I? venturo, in conolusion, to oongratulate yon, I my Lord Cardinal, on tho achievement of the great object for which you and .yonr pre-; deeessor havo worked so hard and so well.- I- congratulate your excellent and . devoted clergy— secular and regular— who have so nobly co-operated with their illustrious - leader. Bnt how shall I ' congratulate in adequate terms the Happy Catholics of Sydney and the whole diocese ? Great indeed is the work you huve done, and great accordingly your joy and prido at ita success, and greater still will be your toward. The rich with their wealth, the poor with their hard-earned wages, the widow with her mite, you havo reared this splendid edifice for God, for your selves, for your children,' and wuny genera-, tions yot unborn. All honour to your faith and devotion. AU honour, too, to those muny generous and liberal persons of other denom inations who have helped' to ' erect' this imposing monument, and I assure them that God will bless them a hundredfold for con- trihuting.to build this house of prayer, this . temple where Jesus Christ will be Adored and Praised. ' His dootrine taught, His suoraments adminis- ' tered, and tho principles of His civilisation pre served and inculcated. In their inmost hearts' they respeot the Catholio Church, and, if her credentials are fairly set .before them, they -will learr, to embrace and love her ' who was ths life and glory of England for over 1,000 years. I hail thee, Oh young and flourishing Churoh of Australia ' « so fitly represented by this stately pile, grand, - fresh, and now. from the builder's hand, I hail thee, as . tho earnest and w?ir- , rant of countless - blessings for the. future children of men. And I hope that, in God's morcy thou wilt long enjoy tho loadersbip of the groat cardinal who now guides thy des tiny, and that thy maroh wiil'ho from victory ' to victory until tby final triumph is.connum- mated in the ln'tid of the living, in.'the bright realms of aterhal bliss. ' : 