Town Gossip. Brief then - What's the news. - King John. Xmas Cards! Xmas Cards! R. A. Pye, the Leading Chemist and Stationer, has just opened up a Grand Assortment; All prices, We regret to learn that Mr P. Carroll is not enjoying good health. He was seriously ill last week. Mr. P. Holland, of Corwallis, intends taking up his residence at Freeman's Reach in the new year. Playing with Central Cumberland against Glebe, Bill Howell took 12 wickets for 43 runs in the two innings. A full squadron mounted parade of the Hawkesbury Lancers takes place at Claren- don this (Saturday) afternoon. Scouters are reminded that at the next match of the Windsor Gun Club the offend- ers will be proceeded against. Mr. John O'Brien intends contesting a seat at the next municipal election in Windsor, which takes place in February. Mr. Melville, Chemist, &c;, George-street, Windsor, wishes us to state that his greater experience should be considered by persons re- quiring anything in his line. The examination of aspirants for non- commissions in the Hawkesbury Squadron of Lancers is to be held at the Richmond drill hall this Saturday morning at 10.30. Mr Herbert Buttsworth, of Gerringong dis- trict, and Mr. A. Buttsworth, of Wollombi, both teachers are home for the holidays, and are staying with their parents at Wilber- force. We are informed that an expert piano tuner from W. H. Paling & Co. Ltd., is now in Windsor for a few days. Orders addressed to Mr W. H. Hardy, P. 0. Windsor, will receive attention. "Come into the garden, Maud." What lovely linen — lovely collar, Maud,' 'Yes, Jack; we use Sun Gloss for linen.' Price 3d. J, W, Allison, Chemist, Richmond,* Mrs. Farlow senr., of the Terrace, Windsor, has been in a very low state of health, and on Monday last Dr. Fiaschi was sent for. We are pleased to report that the good lady is slightly improving. Captain Charley, officer commanding the Hawkesbury Squadron of Lancers, has donated two guineas towards the military tournament to be held at Rooty Hill on Boxing Day. Thus the Parramatta Argus : — ' The Hawkesbury Advocate' passed in its checks and joined the majority on Saturday. Strange to relate, the last toot of its bard was labelled ' Strong as Mustard.' In 1897 a Manning River farmer stored 75 bushels of maize in an iron tank, and when it was opened a few weeks ago was found to be as sound as the day it was put in without the slightest sign of weevil. Whilst out shooting on Saturday, a son 0f Mr. A. L. Archer, of Bullridge, was bitten by some reptile supposed to be a death-adder. The lad was at once brought into Windsor for medical treatment, and all serious symptoms have been allayed. One of the nicest gardens in the district is Mr. W. B. Greenwell's, at the rear of Messrs. Beard and Go's, establishment. It is full of choice blooms, and Will takes a pride in it. He makes it his hobby, and in his spare time paints the blooms in oil colors. The famous cure for many diseases, Viney's patented Pine-apple Rum, cures la grippe, bron- chitis, influenza, sore throat, coughs, hoarseness, tickling cough, catarrh, croup. This liquor to be had in any quantity, and at any price, at the Railway Hotel only. Advice free at any time. Angelo J. Viney, Railway Hotel, Windsor, pro- prietor. Established 51 years 'A' (Windsor) Coy. went through its second day's field firing on the rifle range on Saturday week, this being the occasion on which the musketry prizes were awarded to the section which shows the best result. Numbers one and four sections tied for this honor and they will therefore divide the prize. The prospects of the potato crop this Beason are promising. Queensland will face a scarcity, and consequently a dearness this summer. Melbourne has over sold, and cannot quote, and Sydney just now is depending on Clarence River and other districts. The Clarence River crop, more- over, is reported very light, and if the crop turns out anything like well in the Hawkesbury, the farmers should get big prices at Christmas. Mr. J. B. Miller is offering 1/6 per pair for pigeons. R. A. Pye, the Premier Chemist and Book seller, has just opened up a grand collection of Prize Books for Schools and Sunday-schools. Mr. H.E. Manchee is qualifying for Lieu- tenant in the Hawkesbury Squadron of Lancers. Mr. J. Gersback has completed the erection a picket fence in front of the School of Arts. Mr. Melville, Chemist, &c;, George-street, Windsor, personally conducts all business at his well and favourably known establishment. Mrs. F. J. Mortley, has been at Katoomba staying with her daughter, Mrs. J. H. Williams. Messrs. Mullinger Bros, are making rapid headway with the erection of Mrs, Hoskis- son's brick cottage in Brabyn street. The fruit crop on the Hawkesbury river this year is most prolific, but unfortunately the orchardists can hardly give fruit away in Sydney. In the story ' The sorrows of Harry McLare ' in our Xmas number, we omitted to give the name of the author— Mr, Barton Addison. The Salvation Army band has improved considerably of late, and the music they now discourse has charms, and is worth listening to. The illuminated address presented to Mr. W. Moses senr., by his employees recently, as a birthday present, is a handsome piece of artistic work. Mr. J. Graves, who for many years kept a drapery business in Windsor, and after- wards at Cobargo, has now a flourishing business in one of the suburbs of Sydney. To fittingly commemorate the inaugur- ation of the new century, we would suggest that every Hawkesbury resident make a special effort to pay all his debts — commencing with the printer. Mr. L. A. Simpson, dentist, of Parramatta, visits Windsor every Wednesday, and may be consulted at the Fitzroy Hotel, between the hours of 11 a.m. and 4 p.m. In surgical dentistry Mr. Simpson holds the best certificates, as a careful and clever operator. Mrs. F. W. Collison returned from Newcastle on Saturday, after five weeks' holiday. Mrs. Mackenzie, sister of Mrs. Collison, also came over, and will stay in Windsor until after Xmas. Whilst driving along the Wilberforce road on Sunday week, Mrs. E. Bowd and son narrowly escaped a serious accident. The pony ran away and smashed the sulky. Both occupants were thrown out, and received a severe shaking, If all the men go to Sydney for the Federal celebrations, as they seem t0 threaten at present, who will protect the women and children left behind ? What a time the sneak-thieves and burglars will have, for they are sure to be about. Mr Charles F. Huenerbein, manager for Mrs H. T. Denmar, will visit Windsor, Richmond, and the surrounding district each January and July, and will be prepared to undertake all duties in connection with piano tuning, &c.; Orders addressed io 172 Enmore Road, Enmore, will at all times receive prompt attention, Forty-eight out of fifty of the Windsor Half Squadron of Lancers went to Sydney on Saturday to take part in the reception of the Governor General. The Hawkesbury Squadron was over 80 strong, and was complimented by the Colonel and the Acting Adjutant. The local Council does not seem to bother about the noxious weeds in the borough, and we understand that Mr. Brown, the in- spector, has reported the matter to the authorities, with the result that they intend to take steps to eradicate the pest and charge the council with the cost. Whilst driving over to Richmond on Tuesday last week, wo saw Mr. R. Turnbull, senr., of Wilberforce, plodding his way across the Common in search of Dr Chular, the Indian eye doctor. Mr. Turnbull is over 80 years of age, and informed us he had walked eight miles that morning. He claims to be the oldest male native living in the Hawkesbury, and has had very little sickness during his long life, though a cataract is growing on one of his eyes. We wish the old gentleman a Merry Xmas, and trust that he may live to see many more. The Sun Gloss for Linen, the only dry gloss No mixing with starch. Enables you to do your irontnR in half the usuai time. It polishes linen superbly, Price 3d., R, A, Pye, Chemist, Windsor. Agent. Mr. Unie Dyer has a fins crop of pofca toea afc ' Bungalow.' Rev. S. G. Fielding's book, ' Down to the sea in phipg,' is out, and copies may be had at Mr Pye's, 2/6 each. Mr. W. Morgan, M.L.A., attended the presentation of diplomas aad prizes at the H, A. College on Wednesday. Before electricity was heard of we used steam. Before Sun Gloss for Linen was heard of ladies used borax or candles cut up. Agents : R A Pye, Windsor; J W Allison, Richmond. Mrs. Dingwell, wife of Constable Ding well, of Parramatta, and daughter of Mr, J. T. Rowthorn, has been spending a holiday ' at home.' The Royal Hotel, Windsor, for first-elass accommodation. The Royal Hotel, Windsor, is familiarly known as the tourists' home. Civility and attention are to be found at the Royal Hotel A Windsor resident had a sale of furniture and effects recently. In order to complete a lamp a globe was bought for ifc, costing 9-L The whole lot, lamp and globe, realized 7d ! Prior to her departure from Windsor four of Miss Campbell's Sunday School boys presented her with a pretty little prayer book. The boy? were Masters Alfred Hoffliok, Stanley Wall, Horace Fowler, and Geoffrey Fowler. Mr. D. S. Campbell, of Inverell, a capital shot, did some excellent practice shooting at the Windsor Gun Club's match on Saturday week. From tho 32 yards mark he killed 9 birds without a miss, and 2 doubles. A representative of W. Blackburn and Son, the well-known Piano and Organ Tuners, of Parra matta, visits Windsor and Richmond districts regularly and also on receipt of letter. The firm holds some first-class testimonialsfrom residents of the district. They have been established since 1876.* Afe the regular meeting of Windsor Borough Council on Wednesday evening last the Council Clerk was instructed to write to the various branches of the rail way department, pointing out the facilties of the Park for holding their annual picnics, and also offering any assistance that might be needed. Complaints come to hand of the wanton destruction of wild pigeons at Bullridge, where the wonga-wongas are' being shot in spite of the close season. It is a shame to destroy them at this season, when probably they have young, and it will prove an expensive sport if those who indulge are caught. We feel sure it is only necessary to draw attention to the matter in order to put the police on their tracks. Constable McCarthy is going to take part in the Commonwealth celebrations in Sydney. Whilst exercising his gay little mare this week with the sword, the beast set to bucking and kept up the circus for half an hour' and the exhibition was worth seeing. Mac just sat there and ' rode just perfect.' He is one of best horsemen about tbe district, and to unseat him a horse would about have to slip its hide. We are pleased to hear of the suocess of Miss Una Fielding, daughter of the Rev. S. G. Fielding. This young lady has gained another scholarship, at Sfc. Catherine's Clergy Daughters' School, Waverley, which entitles her to full fees and all college ex penses for another year. Miss Fielding has also won the Form Prize, and needlework prize, and four honorable mentions for French, History, Algebra and Geography respectively, and first-class for Divinity.* For a girl 12 years old this is a splendid pass. A resident of Currency Creek declares that he saw a ghost at Bullridge one night recently. He wa3 riding home late, when he saw a female figure in brown habilaments and with flowing hair, on the roadside. He thought it was a benigfced female in the flesh, but as he approached ifc vanished mysteriously, and left him there with hair on end ' like quills upon the fretful porcu pine,' and big beads of perspiration oozing through his skin. Tbe orthodox ghost is white, but tbe man who saw this apparition is quite satisfied there are brown ones. At a public meeting held at the Council Chambers on Wednesday evening Mr. Paine, Mayor, presiding, it wag ra3olved to testimonialize Dr. Fiasohi and his Ron, in recognition of their services in South Africa. A procession of the military and others is j to take place on some Wednesday afternoon i from the railway station to the School of Arts, where a presentation will tako place. Mr. J. J. Paine was elecbod honorary sec retary, and Mr. J. G. Beazlay lion, treasur er. Ticketa wei'o fixed at 5/- for gentlemen and 2/6 for ladie?. 4 full report of meeting Jo hole! ovosi Bloome's Royal Hotel, Windsor, for good stab Hog and attentive groom* It acts like a charm by relieving irritation of the skin. Melville's Brown Ointmetit. In 1/- pots A number of Miss Moses' pupils went to Sydney last week for their musical examinations. Among the teachers home for the .. holidays are Messrs W. and A. Carroll, E. Maguire, and F. Ross. A son of Mr. Davis', headmaster of the local Superior Public School, slipped down in the play ground on Tuesday and sprained an ankle. The Rev. T. H. Taylor, formerly at. Pitt Town, is on the° sick list, and spent a few days last week at the rectory, Pitt Town. ??.''? Girls, you can't iron a shirt. Why ? Because you have never tried the non-injurious gloss. Tbe Sun Gloss for linen, No mixing with starch. Price 3d. R. A. Pye, Chemist, Windsor f Special Licensing Court and revision of the Electoral Provisional List takes place at the local Court House on Thurs day next, 27inst. :, The teachers are at a loss to know how they are going to put in the six weeks' vacation. We wouldn't mkid ' swap ping' places for the term. Representatives of country papers are to receive free railway passes to enable . them to attend the Commonwealth celebrations in Sydney. No doubt, the fourth estate will be present in force. Free board and lodging would be an ?'. additional inducement. Mr. Joe Aspery, one of Park Villa's best all-round cricketers for many years, has joined the Windsor C. C, and will play against Richmond. Mr. Thomas Anderson, a highly respected resident of Kurrajong, who died on Saturday last, was father of Mrs Byers, wife of First-class Constable Byers, of Windsor. Tenders are invited in this issue for the leasing of the Butter Factory paddock for the year 1901. Tenders close with the Secretary, Mr. A. Berckelman, on Satur day, 29th inst. To avoid any crush at the local railway station on the morning of Commonwealth ? ' day, Mr. Bradley, Stationthaster, has decided to issue tickets the previous even ing for Sydney and elsewhere. \ Mr. C. Sheens has the contract for alterations, etc., to Mr. Stewart's property in Church-street, and is making a good job of it. He has also the contract for doing the woodwork in Mr. L. Pickup's new cottage in Macquarie-street. Reports come in from Wilberforce that poultry are being lifted off the roosts in great numbers by sneak theses. We would advise owners to train their feathered friends to roost high this times of jubilation -and 'feed-oration.' At the local Lands Office oil Thursday the following land was taken up : Non residential c.p., 40 acres, parish Meehan, county Cook, by Brisbane Fitzroy Jones ; non residential c.p., 50 acres, parish Meehan, county Cook, Wiliiam Jones. While Mr Hayes, of Freeman's Reach was driving along George-street on Tues day last with a large load of wood the axle broke causing the load to come down with a crash. With some difficulty the dray was taken to Mr. Cheeseman for repairs. The three horses belonging to Lord Hopetoun, which were sent up to Mr. J. Gosper's last week for a spell are real beauties, and good judges say there is nothing in the district to equal them. They have to be stabled for some time, until they get acclimatized. At the invitation of Mr Perry, C.P.S., about 40 of the magistrates who attended the revision of the jury list last week assembled outside the Court-House and had a group photograph taken by Mr. W. Boxhall. The picture has turned out splendidly and it is intended to have an enlargement made to be placed in the Court. Mr. Frank Cotton, M.P., is at present camped at the head of the Colo, a wild and well-nigh inaccessible part of iiJrj country, where game is a bund. -mi ,ui-i fishing is productive of great u^uits. The lyre-bird is plentiful here, and d..-cks are very much in evidence. VI 1. Cuiton has a camera with him, anJ will present to the public later ou some pictures -?£ wild scenery which must prov« interest* ing-iw tho oktreme., 