DEMOCRATIC VAGARIES. DEJIOCRATIC VAGARIES. CUA55H FOR TITLES. It liar been saJtl tlmt John Bull loves a "lord." But the Republicans of France are pretty much the same. For Instance, a writer In the "Westminster Hudjfel" tells the following story from Furls:— "ITiese ul'Idk the iluys of democracy, the French beggar— and the bugguress more especially— have adopted a new and stil>- xle means of cujoling the humble sua out of the pockets of their patrons. Dnnnez mol un petit hou. inori prince! J'al (|uutre enfunis :t nourrir, or something to the a-nni effect Is the ueceptcd formula. And my lui-ds nnd hidh'.s Dm Hepuhlletins and Democrats, soothed by tho detfeately-im- piled compliment to their aristocratic air, freely dispense their charity. The shop keeper, qutek-wltted und nimble, has caught the tone or the kerbstone, and In lining a roaring trade with thu counts, dukes, and royalties who walk all day long Into their chambers. A day or two ago a stately gcntlcmtm, with a flowing white beard, entered an establishment xvherc, Judging by the ear, only the titled nnhllUy and gentry did buslm-HS, Voire altcrae, and even vol umjcslc, wore every where. Hut the whttu-lje:irdcd gentleman, perhaps because he gave himself no iilrs whatever, was set down as merely mon sieur h- baron, and treatc-d accordingly, \VUh Just a degree less of humble udora- tlon. When this gentleman was asked for bin name anil address, so that his pur- ahnsera might bo sent on to him, It was Leopold, King of the Helglans, as mon sieur le haron remarked, with Just the ghost of a Kmtlc. Tableau! And while the humble oltoyen Is thus exulted Into a persona grata, the law of I'uiitiiisb!, by means of which the scales In Ihe hands of/Justice are kept fairly balanced, has plainly thrust the mighty from the scats in Franco. At the present moment a descendant or the Duo d'Agull- Ion makes an honest living as a cobbler In a Brittany village; and uu old crony wandering about the rural districts in "XVallon is rightly addressed as the baron ess. Her business Is tn mind the cows ' 