DETECTIVE SKEfCHES. by sandy sharp THE FAMOUS GLASGOW ex-detective. COLIN GORDON'S CHRISTMAS FIND. I At the timo tho events took plnce which I ?I om ttbout to relnto Mrs. Sharp occasionally H MBDloyed n respectable woman, named Gor I doifaa ft seamstress. Mrs. Gordon was the 1 wifo— probnbly tho widow- of a carpenter, 1 who twelve months previously had emigra H ted to Queonsland. Gordon was a first-rate 1 tradesman, and might have done well in M Glasgow if ho could have controlled his I temper. He una ieio unm anottier becnu.'o he could not get on with the muster or tho foreman, and at last he suddenly determined to try his luck in Australia. He had never been a drunkard, and having only one child the Gordons had saved a little money-enough, ho thought), to lut liis w'fe nnc' child until he could send como more. And if he liked the new country, and saw a fair prospect of getting on, they were to join him in a year. Bub from the time the vessel reached the Cape, nothimr was known of the fate of Colin Gor- I don. Tlio steamer ha'l to take in coal at the Capo, and as there would bo a full day's delay, several of tho passengers went aehore, amongst the numbor being Gordon. « ? him Wvnthe shiD. but he could HUUIJBBWTT ? ? * ? not be found when she sailed again. Not until the ..time, had long passed in which tbeanxiousfy-Mbked for letter should hive arrived did Mrs. Gordon mak^ any inquiries, nnd the shock of hia mys. terious disappearance made her ill. When she recovered, her little stock of money was nearly exhausted, and she had to turn seamstress, and sometimes laundress, to maintain herself and Colin, named after his father, a boy of eleven. She soon obtained & good reputation as a capital hand at makini: underlin'en of the better class, and if her clients had paid her regularly the mother and son mieht have lived in com parative comfort, for their wants were few. But far too many of the ladies for whom Mrs. Gordon worked seemed to have no idea that she was in urgent need of the money, and Bhe was often kept without it for a month or even longer after the work had been finished. It was the eve of Christmas, and re membering that Mrs. Gordon had lived for a couple of years in England ere she married Gordon, my wife asked mo if I had ? any objection to her going over to the Gordons to see how they would fare next day. ' I don't fancy she has had much work lately, Sandy,' said Mrs. Sharp. ' Go by all means, Mary ; and if things are as you fancy, ask her to come and spend tho day with us to-morrow. We are not having any other visitors, y'ou know,' I replied. ' Thank you, Sandy : that is just what I wanted to aBk you, bub didn't know whether you would care to have' the poor things on Christmas Day.' Mi-«. Sharp was away much longer than Iexpocted, more than an hour, though the Gordons only lived about 300 yards away. When she did return, I saw at once that the was excited about something. ' Itr's'a shame and a sin for a woman like Mrs. Milne, the butcher's wife to treat a poor iroman like Mrs. Gordon in such a fashion. Sandy, could you not. do some thing to force the woman to pay ? She owes Mrs. Gordon 12s. for making underlinen for herself and Milne, and to-night, when Mrs. Gordon took the last of the shirts, Mrs. Milne said she was too busy to bother with paying money then, and that Mrs. Gordon tnusb come after thn N«w Y en r ' '.Don't trouble— I'll get the money. A word to Milne will do it.' ' It almost sot me greeting, Sandy, to hear tbe laddie ask his mother if they would have no Christmas dinner this year, inch as his mother has always made. But you should have seen their faces brighten up with joy when I asked them to come over and have dinner and tea with us, Bandy. It did me good to see how they brightened up.' ' go and get that money, anyway,' I said. Aslhad anticipated a hint to Milne him' Mil wag sufficient. His wife was sternly taken to task for sending Mrs.Gordon away without her lawful earnings, and the worthy butcher showed that he was made ot far diSercnt stuff than his wife by asking mo w tans a good-sized piece ot nice beef to the seamstress as a present from him. He had never in his life before worn Sunday shirts that fitted him so well, and wef o so beautifully made. '?}.* ? ; 'My mistress is nob a bad sorb of woman Mr. Sharp, but she is thoughtless, and thab leads often to cruelty, us I tell her, in suoh wees as this.' Mrs. Gordon was overjoyed when I took ©r blie money and the beef, repeating bhe invitation Mary had Riven. In the land of houses in which the Cor ona occupied a two-roomed house resided an old woman, in one room, named Mary n She lived alone, and was generally supposed to be ih comfortable circumstances, for she never did any kind ? wo . 1 ,an(* well as compared with ner neighbours. Soon after Mrs. Gordon and her boy had nis ied breakfast on Christmas morning J, eir ounoi% was aroused by the noise of urryinir feet in the passage, and before Mrs. Gordon coulrl rjs0 fPom the table 6 ooi was unceremoniously opened, and e voice of & neighbour exclaimed— ' 0l1' m r*' Gordon- whafc awful busi ess. Irs. Anderson has hangit herself ? ^ome und have a look at her.' ut Mrs. Gordon declined, saying she bU ou.rio-'ty t° seo such a sight. If eo service she would go readily. .. 8 raKc'ly naturally created much ex. 2K 4am°ng the ''''eroua tenants of tlm/lr riB'd search of her room and all or nfli aW6rS 'a'e-* to discover any money cruilnnTi Pr°')erty value, and the opinion precede/ h RrounU thftt robbery, But \ut y mui'der, had been committed, into H '°'(T ° p''oculabor-HRcal inquired coming 1 U'ere Wfts no ovidenco forth f |. 0 C01'1'°l)orato tho new theory. wuinan hiul n° 'Jr°0f tllafc tho deceased the bnrtv ai'y raeans' an(* tho position of idea that Z ™ diMOvered loured the found bv . ? Ca8° °f 8uioide- Whon that .i'1111 w'10 l'ud suspectod wotlmm was wrong because Mrs. Anderson had nob been seen since the pre* vious Tuesday; two days before, tho body was lying on the floof, the head resting on a shallow box, a thick cord, like a clothes line, twisted twice round her nook. The doctor first summoned saw nothing in tlie situation of the body inconsistent with suicide, and the fiscal seemed dis posed to accept lh*b opinion. But the police detective who accompanied Ihe fiscal, and with whom I had been specially friendly ere I left the forco to Btsrt business as private detective, was anything but satisfied with the fiscal's acceptance of bhe suicide theory ; and though he made no formal protest, he determined to eifb the affair and prove it to be a case of murder. Our Christmas dinner was rather later than usual, and we were just finishing when Tom Tosh, my detective friond, called on me to give his viows respecting the tragedy, and possibly to elicit mine. I took Tosh into the parlour, and thus he did not meet Mrs. Gordon. Had he dono so, I should in all probability never have obtained the material for thin story. I listened in silence to his version of the aflair, but in tho absence of any evidence that tho deceased woman had any money, or other portable property, I declined to accept his ideas. Tosh seemed a bit huffed at my non acceptance of his theory, and did not stay long. On the following morning Mrs. Gordon was obliged to send Colin to borrow a clothes line, part of her own having mys teriously disappeared since she laBt used it. Colin was questioned on the subject, but he declared that he had not meddled with the line. It stretched from the windo (vs of her rooms, which were on the second storey, and was a double one, worked with a pulley, ingeniously made and put up by Gordon before he emigrated. ' You knew I wouldn't meddle with the line, mother : where did you leave it when you took it in on Tuesday night ? ' said Colin. 'Hanging on thab peg in the corner, and I noticed whep we came home from Milne's on Christmas Jive that the line was on the floor. It is very strange.' While she was fixing the borrowed line on the pulley, Tosh, the detective, walked up, saying— 'Grand day for drying, Mrs. Gordon. I'm told you have lost a good piece of your clothes-line ? ' ' Yes, and how it went bothers me,' she replied, wonderiner who the man was and what he wanted. ' Don't you think that this is the piece you lost ? ' shewing her a length of rope he had taken from hie pooket. ' I am sure it is. If you notice it, bhere are four strands in the rope, the usual number being three..' Where did you get it?' The detcctive was on the point of telling her that it was the cord found round the neck of Mrs. Anderson, but tho manner of Mrs. Gordon was so free from anything leading him to suspect that she had any connection with the tragedy that he de cided to wait for further evidence of her guilt, if indeed a woman with a counten ance like that of Mrs... Gordon could be 'guilty of .such a horrid murder. On the ensuing Monday morning Colin Gordon started employment as errand boy ab a provision shop in Argyle-street, and when he came home in the evening tho boy brought with him some bacon and cheese, which he said he had bought with pence given - to him during the day by customers whose goods he had taken to their homes. But a few minutes afterwards Mrs. Gordon was startled by the sudden re appearance of the man who had questioned her aboub the missihg piece of clothes line. ' I have come on a disagreeable errand, Mrs. Gordon. I have a warrant from a magistrate to search your house ; your boy is to be arrested for passing a gilded shilling as a sovereign.' 'What! My Colin pass a bad sovereign ? Where could he get such a thing ? I will not believe ho could do ib.' ' I rnusb search the house, Mrs. Gor don. Come in, Gellatly.' A constable walked in, and bade Colin sit down, while the detective proceeded to search the house. In the bedroom, and beside the shakedown bed on the floor on whioh Colin slept, was a cupboard-like re ceptacle, utilised by the boy a? a repository for his toys and other possessions, and in an old boot at the bottom of this cupboard the detective found between 16s. and 17s. in silver and coppers. ' I am very sorry, Mrs. Gordon, but it is my duty to take you into custody on the charge of- murdering Mrs. Anderson. I must caution you that anything you may say will be produced in evidence against you ab the Courb.' ' Accuse me of murdering the poor old woman ? . God knows I am innocent, and I will trust I im not to allow me to suffer. I defy you to prove that I had aught to us with the crime.' Detective Tosh regarded the circum stantial evidence against her as overwhelm ing, and yeo he somehow doubted her guilt ; she was eo calm and firm. Next morning the mother and son wore brought up at, the Police-court, having had no communication with each other since their arrest, and as I listened to the evi dence against them I perceived it was strong enough to cause their remittal. It transpired that a niece of Mrs. Ander son* seeing in the papers an account of her aunt's tragic death came from Ardrossan to Glasgow, and made known to Ihe police certain information which led them to think with Detective Tosh that murder, and not suicide, was the true nature of the ciimo which had been committed. ?? The niece stated that the aunt had a sum of money in her possession amounting to at least £50, and that in a leather purse she always kept a gilded shilling with a lion on it, which her husband had given her in their courting days. Tho police attached great importance to this intimation, and their confidence that ib would probably lead to the elucidation of tho mysterious ? crime was soon justified. A grocer came to the '-Police-office to complain that his ap- j prentice had tukon as a sovereign a gilded , shilling'' from a boy, whose appearance hp described. This . description was j sufficiently close to enable tho police to fix , upon Colin Gordon ; hence the search j warrant and the arrests. j When this ,part of the evidence was given Mrs. Gordon turned to her weeping I son, and. in a calm voice said — '.Speak the truth, laddie. Did you change that gilded shilling 1' 'Yes, mother. I picked it up in the street, near to our house, when we were going to Mr. Sharp's on Christmas morn i«US.'- ? Detective Tosh was forced to admit thab ' the most rigid search and investigation had failed to discover that Mrs. Gordon had spent any money since tho death of Mrs. Anderson beyond the 12s. I had got for her from Mr. Milne the butcher. But the cortainty that the cord found around the neck of Mrs. Anderson had belonged to the accused woman so greatly strengthened the suspicions against the mother and son that bhe magistrates remitted them to . prison for a week for the production of further evidence. But I fully determined that Tom Tosh should not have things all his own way. I also would seek for further evidence, but such as would, I hoped; exonerate tho Gor dons from all complicity in the murder, if such ib was. Ab the end of the week of remand no such further evidence either for or against was forthcoming, and the mother and son were sent for trial. Hitherto Tosh had kept in the back ground, but when Mrs. Gordon and Colin were brought before the Sheriff to emit a declaration Tosh's name was mentioned. A few minutes afterwards, and before they were removed to jail, Mrs. Gordon asked to see the detective. He consulted bhe chief, and was instructed to accede to the wish of the accused woman. Accordingly, she was taken to a private room, where the detcctive was waiting for her. You have expressed a wish to see me, I understand, Mrs. Gordon, and have you any communication to make ? ' ' Mr. Tosh— Tom— did we never meet before ? ' He started more violently than she hall done in the Court, and looking her intently in the face, the light of recognition changed his stern expression into one of wonder, regret, and then horror. ? - ' Helen Ramsay ? ' No, no ; it cannot be,' and the detective ? sank into a chair with a groan. 'Yes, Tom, I am Helen, and if I am found guilty of this horrible crime, of which I know no more than you, it will have been you, the old friend of my childhood, the lover of my 'girlhood who willr have murdered me.' ' Helen, tell mo, in the sight of heavens are you really innocent of the murder ? I will believed you if you say so.' ' Before God, Tom, I am entirely inno cent. And if the law finds me guilty I shall go before a Judge who cannot err, with confidence that He will acquik mo. Do you believe me, Tom ? ' ' ? ' I do, Helen ; God knows 1 do. But what can 1 do now to prove ib ? I must do something or I shall go mad. Oh, Helen, when we parted in Kilbarchan I little thought that our next meeting would be such a; melancholy one. Did you know me when I came to your house first ? ' 'No, Tom. Fifteen years have altered you more than me.' ' Are you a widow, Helen ' I don't know^or certain. My husband sailed for Australia more than a year since, and I have not heard from him. He left the steamer at the Cape, and did not return to it before it sailed. , Sometimes I think he must be dead, and j then I am again hope lul.' j ' And I have never married, Helen. I could not care for another womai). Take courage, my dear old sweetheart I feel sure God will not allow you to suffer for a crime you did not commit. I have been working against you : now I will move heaven and earth to prove your innocence. Good-bye for the present.' ' Good- bye, Tom : I will trust you.'. At first, as he told ine, he was tempted to give some evasive reply to his chief when asked what the accused woman wanted with him, but such a course would hinder his renewed investigations, and, to the great astonishment of the detective inspector, he declared his belief in the woman's inno cence of the crime and his determination to bring the real murderer to justice. 'You knew the woman Gordon before this happened, Tosh ? ' ' Yes ; she was my first sweetheart, and I have cherished her memory so much as to keep me a badnelor. Care and grief, helped by want and suffering, I suspect, have transformed the bonniest lassie in Renfrewshire into what you now see, but to me, think me a fool if you like for say ing so, she is still the one woman, in all the world.' ' Nay, Tom, I have known you long enough' to feel certain that you must have good ground for believing her innocent. Has she told you anything ? ' 'She has assured me before God that she is perfectly innocent, and I am satis fied. Don't ask me to go op with the in quiries in the case, for I cannot do it. I shall take up her case now.' 'Very well, Tosh, I will relieve you. Suppose you take a month's leave and join forces with Sandy Sharp, who is also con vinced of the innocence of Mrs. Gordon and her boy.' ?' ' Thank you, Bir, I will do thab.' But the discovery Tom -had made seeded to completely unnerve him. He ' came to me, and begged me to take up the case for him, entreating me to put forth all my powers to unravel tbe mystery of the murder. And never did I enter into a case with wu. in .'i' zeal, or a stronger determination to reach the goal-ab which I aimed. I had my hair cut close, and procured a dark wig and beard. Then in the attire of a shabby foreigner, and with a bag of sponges on my arm, I went and rented the rooms vacated by Mrs. Gordon and her boyf had decided that the murderer must have been someone familiar with the premises, with the habits of the deceusod woman, und with the movements of the Gordous. Cautious inquiiies resulted in the certainty that hone of tho tenants of the numerous houses in the big pile of dwellings had left since ' the murder, and I began to study them. But for several days my efforts to obtain any clue seemed as though they would be fruitless. I was entering the common stair at a late hour onaSaburduy evening when a woman passed me. ' Norah Morrissey, the rag sorter ? Where can she be going at such a late hour ? A fine-built young woman, big- enough to — yes, she is : big enough bo have f lifted the body of Mrs. Anderson from the' bed to the corner where it was found.' I followed her cautiously, a task of some' difficulty, for she seemed to wish to avoid being recognised. At the junction of New City-road with Western -road she stopped, and was presently joined by a soldier, bo whom she handed something. ' You're a biick. Noiah my jewel I Come ; down to the Broouii&law; at two to-morrow, and we'll have a ssiil to Greenock and back,' B lid the soldier as I was passing them with a view to get a good look at him. At th e hour named next afternoon I was sauntering , along the Broomielaw, and followed tlie soldier' and his sweetheart on board the steamer. They sat down on a seat on the ? deck, and I joined them, soon, to all appearance, falling asleep. 'Have you sent in the papers for your discharge yet, Patsy t ' asked the rag sorter. 'Not yet, Norah; what's the use of doing that till I'm sure of the money to buy myself out with ?' replied tho soldier. ' Haven't I told you plain enough that I've got the money ? But you're to marry me first, and thon the money is yours.' ' Let me see it. I'll not believe you have it till you show it to me.' ' Couldn't trust you, Patsy dear : you might snatch it away from me and then swear it was your own. Oh, no ; jusb take me to church, and then the money will come.'' ' I'll see you hanged first.' What was there in the expression of the soldier to have such a startling effect upon the woman?. 'Holy Mother! What, is the matter, with ? you, Norah, dear ? You look as if you had seen a ghost.' ' A touch o' the heartburn, Patsy— fchat is all.'.,,. . V Another strand, of the rope that is to hang that woman ! ' I said to myself. . The soldier was evidently huffed, and without a word to the woman, he left the steamer at I'artick. She followed, and to. my intense chagrin, they thus escaped me for the time, for I dare nob go with them.' Satisfied that I was on the right track, in the morning I went, out to Mary hill in my own proper person, and made some in quiries anent the soldier sweethoarb of Norah Morrissey. I was nob greatly sur prised to learn that he was a married man, who was making a cat's-paw of Norah for his own selfish ends: His wife, I was told, lived in a one-roomed house in Maryhill. When Norah returned from her work in the evening she found a letter waiting her, which I had' written, telling her that Patsy Callaghan waVa married man, and that his wife lived at No. 3, second stair, 26, Rowan-street, Maryhill. The letter had no signature, but' it: was .efficacious in produc ing the resulb I hoped.- Accompanied' by Tom Tosh and a constable in plain clothes, I went out to Maryhill, and we.awaited the coming of the Irishwoman. Soon after seven we saw her enter the stair, and a minute afterwards Tosh followed quietly, remaining at the head of the second stair. Presently the excited voice of a woman was heard. 'I don't believe you have the money ; you have been only trying to make a jfool of my Patsy, but he was too sharp for you. Arid if you have the £20 you stole it off. the ould woman, Mrs. Anderson, after you had strangled her. I would rather my husl and was in the service for twenty years rather than have him bought but by blood-money, so there.' Tho effect of thi3 boldly-expressed accusa tion was startling. ? Ndrah ' turned pale, 'eeled, and would have fallen down the stair but for Tom Tosh, who had crept up the stair. 'I am 'a police-officer,' and shall take you into' custody, Norah 'Morrissey, on sus picion of having murdered Mary Anderson.' ' It is God's judgment. I did it,' and strong-minded as the big Irishwoman was, she fainted. But she soon recovered, and a cab being procured, we conveyed our prisoner to the Central, Tom Tosh electrifying his chief by the story he had to toll. A search of Norah's room- resulted in the stolen money being found and, what was far more impor tant, a dark blue leatner purse which the niece of the murdered woman had given to her as a New Year's gift. Some of the notes stolen had on the back the name of the factor who managed the little property Mrs. Anderson- possessed, and had been paid to her by him a few weeks before the murder. The evidence againsb Norah Morrissey was I bus quite sufficient for a remand. In the mean time application for bail was made, to the Sheriff on behalf of Mrs. Gor don and her son, and it was granted. Tom Tosh being the bearer jto his old sweetheart of the good news. '' Where is the boy ? ' asked Tom when Mrs. Gordon was brought alone to' the visiting room. ' Why have Colin here ? Ib only adds to his grief every time he is allowed to see me.' ' You will be at liberty' in five minutes, Heilen,' said the detective, with a tremor in his voice that told her how keenly he felt the stigma that had been bast upon her. ' Oli. Tom ! Then you have discovered my innocence ? ' ' No. Sandy Sharp hus done it all. It was Norah Morrissey committed the murder.' . ? 'I knew there was such a woman in the land, but I never spoke to her. Here is Colin.' ' We are going home again, my laddie. And oh, if ever you find anything; again in the streets' do npt hide it fronvme.' Norah Morrissey was sent for trial and found guilty. Mrs. Gordon and: her. son wero then formally placed in the dock, the judge instructing the jury to return a- verdict of not guilty. Be fore announcing their discharge, the judge gave Colin a severe. lecture upon his wickedness in having concealed from his mother the finding of the gilded shilling, But both judge and court were astonished when tho boy said, the tears rolling down his cheeks as he spoke— \- ' My lord, do you know what it is to be hungry ? Have you ever sat for a whole day in winter without fire or food ? If not you cannot tell what I felt when I thought ?I had found a sovereign, enough to keep hunger and cold away from us for a week or two. That is all 1 have to say.' 'How old is that boy ?' asked the judge. ' I am thirteen, my lord.' ' Then 1 must confess thab his little speech does credit to his head' and heart, and I shall bo pleased if his mother will allow me to -find an opening for him where his undoubted talents may be, cultivated.' Tom Tosh was a comparatively happy man when he ' took tea with the Gordons ithat afternoon. . . He was not without hopes that Mrs. Gordon would at last believe in lier husband's death, and marry her first lover— himself ; but he wisely refrained from broaching the subject for the time. . Before her execution Norah Morrissey' made a full confession of her guilt, and she met her doom with a firmness seldom shown by a woman. When another year had elapsed, bring ing no tidings of her husband, Mrs. Gordon became Mrs. Tosh, and my wife and the huppy bride soon became faBt friends. , . j 