Spring Sofia, Listen well—if ye be young—and catch the first murmurs of Spring, For dismal old Winter at last is dead, and the swallows on the wing. There's a heart "to Love, and a breath of Desire in all the zephyrs' that blow; The Pittosporiim is bursting bud, and the almond blossom a'sno#. And on every breeze and in every calm is a promise of sweetness to come; 'Tig the ihagic hour of all the year, that is sweeter to "two" than to "one." But hearken not, if ye be old, e'en middleaged or sad; This season is not for tliee, alas! tliy heart it will not glad. But will from their deep unwilling graves, regrets, and hopes that were slain, And ghosts that so still and silent all the sodden winter have lain. E. A. ROBB. On Thursday, October 25, the Old Choristers' -Association of St. Peter's Cathedral are giving a grand dramatic entertainment m the North Adelaide institute. They have chosen the charming little play In Honor Bound, by Sydney Grundey, and the well-Known comedietta Bubbles. The music is to be rendered by a full orchestra, which, is to be conducted by Mr. A. H. Otto, assistant organist ot the Cathedral. The entertainment is under the distinguished patronage of His Excellency the Governor and Lady Tennyson, Sir Samuel and Lady Way, the Bishop of Adelaide and Mrs. Hariner, the\president (Bev. M. L. C. Headlam), the Dean and Mrs. Marryat, the Precentor of the Cathedral and Mrs. Milne, the Hon. Mr. Justice Bundey and Mrs. Bundey, Lady Bray, Mr. and Mrs. B. Barr Smith, Mr. J. M. Dunn, Mr. and Mrs. H. R. Dixsonj Mr. and Mrs. Alf. Simms, &c.; Many of those who have granted their patronage have also signified their intention of being present. The Old Choristers' Association is one of the most popular bodies of its kind, and judging by the rehearsals the entertainment will no doubt be a pronounced success. His Worship the Mayor convened a meeting of citizens at the Town Hall on Monday night to discuss the electric tramway question. At 8 o'clock the hall was crowded with a motley crew of men, some having attended from curiosity and many young men evidently in search of a "lark." Proud, a lugubrious individual, clad in the incongruity of store-made clothes and elegant "spats" spoke first. The meeting then quickly resolved itself in a faked-up election concern, as the proceedings consisted of Proud's heaping vituperation and obloquy on Alderman Tucker, who had been invited to attend, and very properly stayed away. The whole thing was a personal matter between Proud and Tucker; of the tramways we heard nothing. As there were few people present whose opinion or influence were of any weight, Proud's little game of self-advertisement ended in smoke. With apologies for mutilating an old adage, it may be said, " 'Proud' will have a fall." Chaucer students will be pleased to hear that a meeting is to be held in Melbourne on the 25th to celebrate the 500th anniversary of the poet's death. The meeting will be addressed by Professor Morris and the Rev. Mr. E. H. Sugden. It is interesting to note the resemblance between the Professor's personality arid what we know of Chaucer's. The 25th (St. Crispin'* JJay) is also the centenary anniversary of the birth of Lord Macaulay. The rifle club movement has caught on amazingly in Vic., with the result that during three months past om million out of four million reserve Martini-Henry cartridges have been served out by the Government. On Saturday (Oct. 6) the first of the suburban ranges was opened at the suburb of Kew. The club has obtained permission to shoot across 1,000 odd yards of country below the Lunatic Asylum, and it would be hard to select anywhere a prettier or more suitable spot. The range runs alongside <the Tarra some distance above the smellsome area of soap works and candle factory. It is semi-circled on the right uy hills, and fairly windsheltered on "the left by a belt of wattle. Frank Madden, tne district member (President), Sir Frederick Sargood with his lady and daughter, Col. Templeton, Captain Collins, 'Secretary of the Defence Department, Mayor L. H. Vosher and the Mayoress lent tone to the proceedings. The band of the Scotch Regiment, itself an infant institution, was half an hour late, but atoned for its unpunctuality by providing an amusing diversion. There were a few short speeches, in which the club was heartily congratulated. Sir Frederick Sargood sp<)kfe in commendation of the principle of every man learrisupplied some encouragement in the ing to handle a rifle, ana Lady Sargood form of a trophy. The "pushes" are on top in Melbourne again, and raising- Gehenna in the suburbs with half bricks, and the usual tommy-rot is proposed by "Pro-Bono Publico" and otner literary mules with a view to the suppression of larrikinism. But Chief 'Commissioner Chomley makes the daddy suggestion for glittering folly. Magistrates should be empowered to condemn convicted pushites to heavy drill, he says. This is supposed to be a cheap and eincacious method of hammering the devilment out of the larrikin and converting him into a superior sort of Tommy Atkins. You don't cure the larrikin by turning him into a soldier, you merely arm him and enlarge his capacity for mischiefwitness the recent rioting of soldiers and larrikins in Sydney. To make drill a punishment for larrikins is a smart method of inducing decent young fellows to drop it suddenly and hard. When Melbourne really wants to abolish its larrikin nuisance it will begin by abolishing its unpaid magistracy. The average J. P. in the marvellous is a timid old woman who dare not say "Boo 1" to a larrikin for fear of being "dealt with" by his push. What with its M's.L.C* and its J's.P., Vic. is under a terrible system of petticoat. Government—bar the petticoats. The A.M.P. Society directs special attention to the fact that all policies effected before the close of the year will share in the division of profits which will be made as at that date. For the yoar 1899 a sum exceeding <£506,000 was allotted to policy-holders as cash bonuses, representing reversionary bonus additions of <£942,500. The A.M.P. Society is a purely mutual institution, and it forms one of the nohlest examples of the cooperative, principle the world has seen. There are no shareholders to provide dividends for, and consequently the whole of the profits belong "entirely to the policyholders, for whose benefit alone the business of the socity is conducted. BOASTFUL ANCESTORS. When you at a father scoff For bragging on his baby, Just you. start a grandpa off— You'll live to tell it—may be! 1\. A pretty spot for a Rifle Range. 4\. The first Member's shot. Rifle Shooting in Victoria* 2\. Waiting for the Band. 3. The Band of Scotch Regiment. 5\. Sir Frederick Sargood making ttie opening speech. 