CAPRICIOUS CARPINGS. (BY LB GKONDETJB.) The Morning Herald, usual]}" vacillating and uncertain kind of journal, still liarps on the Coolgardie Water Scheme, in a mournfully minor key, now and again rising into quite a wail of agony. The scheme, it says, is about to play the part for this colony that the Old Man of the sea did for Sinbad the Sailor, t • t T Then the Perth paper, in its jeremaid, goes on to say what is inani ; festly incorrect; viz, our people, in spits of every warning, have dt- libe rairly and voluntarily picked up their burden and placed it cn their backs."' As a simple, matter of fact the people have done nothing of the sort. They haven't had a chance—worse luck—to say a word about this particular iniquity, any more than about Kederation, or Separatiou, or Education, or Finance, or the bubonic plague, or the Safrican bungle, or anything else derply affecting Westralia. For by no stretch of imagination can the handful of subservient Forrestophrle " legislators," who form the Ministerial majority of the present discredited Parliament, and who sanctioned the scheme, be held to even faintly represent the "people 3 ' They don't represent the twentieth part of them. t t t The Herald, however, quofct s a strong case—rathei lute ,in ihe day, against the Coolgardie atrocity. For instance, it was asserted by the Forrest gang responsible for it that .the "river of water " was to be flowing into the parcfafed fields in three years from the commencement. It is now certain that seven years wont see it there. It was not to c6st more than two and a half millions of money. Not much; when you " say it quick." It. is now certaui that this cost, will not half complete the job. It' was said tK»t the fields were languishing for this water, that it was a sine qua non without which disaster was near, and that mines would be shut down wholesale without it.' It is now certain there was no languishing, and that no mine whatever has shu*. down for want of water. Every argu mbflt adduced in favor of the huge undertaking has been nullified by the course of events. In fact, the very goldfields themselves, who were to be the special bemficiavres, are beginning to ask themselves what in thunder is -the US9 of it, and, stiU more to the purpose, bow is it ever to be paid for J The latter is a question which closely concerns all parts of the colony. Were it a matter which solely affected Mr Morgans' horse-leech constituency we, of this end of the-country, could afford to look on with equanimity while Coolgardie hung a clog about her neck heavy enough to sink her into Hades. Millions have already been l-onowed, ostensibly for this wretched "scheme," which millions hare been otherwise spent, dumped into the sea at Fremantle or Bunbury, or frittered away in other directions. In consequence faiore will be required to provide for the completion of the scheme, and it will have " to be borrowed—at far more than 3 per cent. The interest on this enormous sum will have to be found by the whole community, and will, in spite of the fairy tale that the scheme will pay for itself, constitute a veiy perceptible increa e in the burdens already borne by this truly long-suffering " people," who are even now taxed more than twice 41s severely as were the Uiinlanders of the Transvaal. The Herald seemsROW thoroughly awake to the incubus the Forre»tian river is likely to become, and thoroughly revere in its denunciation. I t's a pity it hasn't always been so outspoken. Even now it can't be taken too seriously. [To givtf the "devil his due, the " Morning Heraht" from first to last has always forcibly denounced the Coolgardie Water Scheme. It has benn " writing down" the work for years.—Ed.] It is a marked characteristic of the British campaign in Safiiea that the Boers so often succeed in springing an " am lush " on their enemies. For the chief disastei-s sustained by our arms have been the outcome of our troops blundering into a cunningly-set snare, or rushing blindly (as at Magersfontein) into concealed trenches and euianglements. According to W. T Ooodge the Transvaal Army might be Supposed to consist of policftmen, ss their successes have been chiefly owing; to " kops and traps." The latest muddle, wlit-re our mm were made prisnnets by 8,000 ambushed lloers, renders inevitable the question, . " What were the scouts doing ? " Crifeisih, of course, is easy, at 6,000 Itles distauce, but after all, it must queer country, ,or a very peculiar it must be kept, where 8,000 men can be placed in ambush so sue cessfuHj-. Some of the " Maplemore " contingent were fearful that they would arrive at the theatre of war too late, and that the war would be over before they got a chance to take a hand in the game. But according to appearances there's at least a good twelve months' fighting ahead yet. In Pearson's Magazine for Christ mas, 1899, there was an article by MJss Churton, giving an interesting account of replies received from well-known novelists and writers, to whom she had applied for information as to the • t first guinea " they had ever earned by the pen. Most of those from «vhom Miss Cliurton sought their experience were cordial and courteous, but there were some exceptions. For instance " Omda's " answer was characteristic : —" If Miss Churton do not suceed in literature her failure will certainly not be due to want of effrontery.' 1 And, indeed, such an inquiry into " the sinner's first lapse into paper-staining does savor a little of impertinence. The inquisitive lady, probably through inadvertence, didn't apply to me for my experience. Otherwise I could have described my first venture, a wild, weird, blood-curdling "story of ghosts and wraiths, with a heavy (lose of mawkish love-making thrown in. It was posted to an editor (I'm sorry to say the brute still lives), and weary, woeful weeks I waited for a reply. None xame, and in despeiution I looked up the literary lion in his lair. I received "back my unopened MSS, and was obliged to ante-up for deficient postage." 