A GOSSIP ABOUT JOHN CHINAMAN John Chinaman is neither quite the rogue represented in Bret Harte'a poem, ' The Heathen Chinee,' nor altogether the simple ton pictured in Lamb's immortal ' Disserta tion on roast pig.' He is the world's donkey. He can be led ; be will not be driven. As in the case of Gordon, he will, after proving him, honor a great man what ever his nationality. Bat to Western ideas John's life is devoted to fraud. He believeB, and always haa believed, that he sees with two eyes and that the ' foreign devil sees with oaly one. We wear black for mourn ing or for our boots ; he uses white. We care for the living, he cares for the dead. With him ths place of honor is an the le f hand. He doffs his hat as a sign of dis respect. His roses bave no fragrance. His womenfolk wear no petticoats and do no shopping. If he is happy enough to escape from the poverty and drudgery which form the rals of life in thi Flowery Land his table ia the measure of his riches. Hia legal code is formed on the supposition that fraud is univenal. Trial by thia code is sjnonymouB with torturs, It is not novel to find a governor who haa bseg axils d for his misdeeds recalled and promoted because his successor has eclipsed him in rascality, From those near the throne to those in the hovel the practice is to give tribes to all above, aad to exact them from those below. Go* verncaeut goods are sometimes a year in transit, the officials in charge being more anxieua to levy ties for alleged obstruction than to expedite the Imperial business. And yet daring the time the East India company traded with China there was no record of money being lost through the fraud or failure of a native merchant, though large sums had to be handed to Chinamen for the pnrchasi of tea in tbe 1 interior of the country when the foreigner i was not permitted to eo. i John's simplicity is exemplified in the fact that during the China-Japan war he ' put np umbrellas to protect him from the enemy's shells. Oae writer, describing the capture of Amoy by the British in 1841, s»yB the officials prepared a battery of 200 - guns along the shore. Sailing vessels would have bad to run the gauntlet of their fire Admiral Parker, however, had his sailing vessels towed up to tbe town at a safe distance. The town was taken with the ' loss of one man, whilst the nativeB loBt 50. The Chinese general declared auch practices were without precedent. When Sir H. Go ugh landed a mountain battery and from a neighboring hill attacked the Chinese grume re from the rear, the officials, who had never dreamt of guns being fired down a hill, sent off hurried despatches informing the Emperor of the trtacherouBjimpropriety of the 11 barbarians.' Until tha East India Company ceased to exiat we knew little ot the interior of China. This was as difficult, to penetrate as Thibet is to- day. But during the last half-ceutary or bo traveller^1 tales have accumulated to a surprising extent. And we find as a result that their teacup and willow plate representations of themselves are among the most truthful thingB about the Celestials. They are an ancient people. Their civilisation dafceB from the days be fore Athens and Rome. But they are con tent for the most part to be governed hy laws that are thousands of years behind the ! time, and which even Knblai Khan, as we I knew that famous Emperor through the pageB of Marco Polo, could see the weak ness of, The Empire of China to- day covers, about one-twejifth^part of the world's sur face, or something like 4,250,000 eqnare miles. Its 4610,-)Q6_1OOOVI inhabitants are, tor the most part, still pursuing their -rto and industries with the primitive tools, methods, and ideas of 2000 years ago. Their belief in their own superiority is only equalled by their disdain of th= foreigner. It is only within recent years that . the Im perial will aonsented to recognise the emissaries of other' Powers in any other than a subjective sense. ^ The Emperor is still in theory 11 the Bon af Heaven,' the Emperar of all who inhabit the earth the lord of all lords.' When the firit steamer touahed their shores t the Chinese of Canton and Macao etinced no surprise, , They said : . ' Have got plenty all same inside/1 Lfi., in the interior ol their coon try. John is poor, aa poor aa the poorest in the West of Ireland or the Northern Hebrides need to be. He and. his family and live stock, .the pig being an important asset, exist together in 'wretched ^hovils. But he works rather than begs for hiB living, and hifl women folk wprk, too. _ A Chinese woman is expected when young to obey. her father and. her eldest brother ; ?whenmarrigd, tigr ^^h^d ; j&en;* widow,' : her eldest aon. fihe'^Tei^Eo oraars, There isa Chinesp provsrfc wiijch ujs,^' Women , an ifd^^ aTe^lij't ti 4o ' be haft when wanted, to t)8 oaat tr£ as deilridL, But ia ths tenguage, the symbol .for ' reft.' and *' quiet Is ttiat'^ifor* ^ womkn^ nnder/ ttie domestic' ioo!.''' Karrled' ?oM'are compelled ' to live unnar their parents1 roof , where their wives are subject to tha ruls of.amatberin law or of an elder sister-iriplaw. Witb Ills poverty may be compared John Chinaman's callous .view of the value of humanvlife. This callousness seems to be even more' contemptuous than that met with in India.' And jet' ttie OHineae 'dread the name of death. When one h.ai^diedLhe has been ' kjjlecL'1 In Fnhlden, which in some re spicts is 'the most promising part of China, to mention death to a native is to render him an insult, especially at the opening of the year. The dreaded word is evaded wharever possible. John b much of a flavil worshipper. What is called the. 41 wonahip of ancestors ' iB a complicated 'system for laying the spirits of the departed. It is -tha jpommon belief that if the ghosts are not worshipped and fed they wreak vengeance on the livjng. The worship being, the provincie of the bou facilitates divorce And polygamy, butisiibt. without certain redeeming 'JE^tnreB. , / It tks* been computed that the public ' worship of ancestors ' cosis the empire £6,600,000 per annum, and the private worship £24 €00,000. In Cninese.aociety the icholar is regardid as next to the Kmperor; then comeB the farmer, and after h^mthe mechanic, and the trader. The amusement or decorative caterer comeB last in the scale, in accordance with the saying that ' the man who pays highly for a song will not give mnch ~for .virtue.' ? Scholarship,. however, is so&rcely; such as we Bhould designate. by that name. But Chinese literature is not destitute of fancy. For in- i stance thEre is an old Chinese romance of which Voltaire made nse, and which has many renderings but one moral. ,A doctor of reason, meditating among the, tombs, ob served a yanng widow fanniue one of them. ; Seeing her in tear® thB philosopher asked the caose. ^She replied, ' Yon tee a widow | atjthe tomb of her husband »,He vp^s most dear to me. He lovBd Lme with tflp^ernesg. Afflicted .with the idea of. parting his^ast words were, 'my dearest wife^should you ever think cf marrying again, J.conjnre wait at least until the, faster -of my tomb be en tirely dry.'' ' Now,' said she, 'as the walls are still damp, I thought I would help them toL.get dry.' ; The. phflpsopher told-hia ad venture to hii o wn yopngaud beautiful wife, who declared that ahould. he file before her she would never 'marry ..again. The phil osopher pats her ,to Uiq test by shamming death, and; finjls her constancy, .no greater than that of the ^o*an iip h^djnet amongBt the tombs. : 44hei being, disepverpd, com mits suicide, and he resolves never to take another wife. . . ' In 1837 the Marqois Tseng, then Embas sador to Great Britain, wcotc in one of the reviews of the aw^ke^lng.of jOhina's mil lions to a consciousness *2 their strength. In 1893 the late Dr. Pearsen, who hadjieen in California and in Australia the calm ani dogged perseverance of the -^Chinese, their tolerance iof climatic extremes and their bodily vigor on a scant and often repellant diet, published his famous '.forecast ' of Chinese indastrialKX)zapetiit5n|oon&aiiig; tbe European races lo the temperate eonea. Almas t concurrently .with Dr. Pearson's ' forecast' appeared tha German'Emperor'i cartoon bidding the nations of Burope to defend thvir holiest possessions against China. The Taeping rebellion, which Gordon, working against native as wellas EngliBh War Offiae prejudices, succeeded in qaelling, was started by. a fanatic school master, who, chagrined at his failure to achieve power by passing the literary ex aminations, took npon himself the role of a new Mohammed, and, preaching Chris tianity, practised the most awful crimes, and wound up by oommltting Buiclde.' The Boxers, on the other hand, are the avowed-: j enemies of both Christianity and all i 'foreign devils.' How bitter thB feeling ! against the foreigners Is in that part of ! .China in which we are told onr. Ebture interest lies is shown by Mrs Bishop in her xecent book, ' The Yangtse Valley and Beyond.1' She was surrounded by a mob atoned, and for twelve months suffered from the effects of concussion of the brain. . She cot no satisfaction from the fi.nHinriHp« After all, John Chinaman, from his child hood onward, nurtures a shrewd idea of business or ' pidgin,' as he calls it. And that hia hatred for the ' foreign devils'1 (or 'foreign spirits,' aB some ren der the phrase) Is not unmitigated by a regard for his own pecuniary welfare is proved by the fact that (to mention one section of hiB 'pidgin' alone) the value of the trade of China with the British Empire in 1899 ia returned at no lass a figura than 43,084,000. 