THE BISHOP'S ADDRESS. The Bishop, who was loudly applauded on rising, then delivered his inaugural ad dress. His Lordship said: " My Brethren of the Clergy and Lalty, Kept by the good hand of our God upon us and welcomed by fellow-members of the Church in Newcastle, we meet to-day in our Cathedral City for the third session of this twelfth Synod. Our synodical visit to Maitland loast year left such an impression of our good behaviour that a renewed wel come awaited us there if the prior claim of Newcastle had not prevailed against it. I am not quite sure that we would find kind hosts so ready to entertain us if thaC fifth Canon of the ancient Council of Nicec were suddenly revived, which enjoined that synods should- be held twice in every year -one before Lent, and a second at the sea son of autumn-specially as the following council, that of Constantinople, refers in its first Canon to Nicea as having had 318 fathers present. The Apostolic 'Didache,' of primitive date, forbade travelling clergy to stay longer than three -days in one place, and tile old Sarum Synod Ordiulnal limited a session to the same time. Even synods should be beware of wearing out their welcome. Our roll of members shows little change among thos who actually at tended last year. The Rev. C. G. A. Monro takes his place here as curate of St. Peter's, East Mailtland, and Mr. C. J. H. King joins us as representative of St. Mary's, West Milaitland, in place of the late Mr. Prentice. THE LATE DEAN SELWTVYN. ",When we met last year we regretted the absence of Dean Selwyn through illness, and behind that regret there lurked fear that his illness would Drove fatal. Our fear 'was too well founded, for on the 27th of the following month of June he 'fell on sleep.' By his death we have lost the earliest father of this diocese, for he was ordained to the priesthood in 1853. Brought in his young manhood under the masterful influence of Bishop Tyrrell, he caught the sfirit of his leader, and followed him with a loyalty which verged on admiring devo tion. The transition period of the Colonial Church, 40 years ago, which foreqd her to undertake the responsibility of self-govern ment--tbrough all her struggles in self adjustment to new conditions, through all the experiments in Church legislation, all the exciting debates in Provincial Synod when Newcastle usually led the opposition -this was as a gymnasium for' the young athletic mind of Arthur Edward Selwvyn. The memory of those contests never lost their enlivening interest, though they had ceased to live, save only in fireside talk. The late Dean was an ecclesiastical states man. General and Provinclar Synods were his congenial sphere. The fact that he had held only two parishes is proof of his re sourcefulness. A weaker man would have worn threadbare mentally in half that time. Like his first Bishop..e .never visited "ng land since arrival in his youth; yet he managed to keep pace -with the progress of.affairs. His activity of mind found de light in dipping into current topics, which often left their colour upon his natural sus ceptibllty, although he liked to take orig inal views of things. He has left a blank which few can fill. Newcastle itself looks round to see that upright form and tho ughtful face so familiar among its oldest citizens. His life' -was a history, for he had seen many changes in Church and colony. As a personal friend, and as host at his own table, we members of Synod need no description, for his hos'pitality was royal. His instinctive refinement as a true English gentleman shone at his table. What he was to his parishioners was seen on that sad day when our mournful pro cession preceded all that -was mortal of him to the cemetery which his own taste had beautified with avenues of trees. On that day the Mayor of the city, and ministers of 6ther churches than our own, joined our company as sharers'of our sorrow, while -the streets of Nenwcastle were lined with reverent crowds, whose silence spoke their prdfound respect for him who had lived amongst them as a public-spirited, ex emplary citizen, and had ministered to their spiritual needs through mo're than thirty years. In this backward view we see Mrs. Selwyn scarcely less conspicuous than the Dean, because her active part In all good works that lay within her sphere endeared her to everyone. We cherish the picture of their lives still together in their quaint old home-of him as a large-minded, high souled, faithful priest and Christian gentle man, worthy of the noble name he bore, and of her as his gentle, snelf-surrendered wife, devoted to his person and his parish. DIOCESAN -CHANGES. " There are others, If not synodsmen, yet iellow-Ivorkers, who, like the Dean, 'served their generation by the will of God,' and whom we must mention in our obituary. The Rev. Frederick William Addams, or dained in 1845, and holding the incumbency of St. Paul's, Paterson, from 1846 till 1884, has brolken one more living link with the long past. IHe came to Paterson before this diocese was born, and when Bishop Broughton was Bishop 'of all he surveyed,' from Hobson's Bay to Carpentarla. He was one of the twelve clergy whom Bishop Tyrrell, on his arrival, found already std tlonned by Bishop Broughton to minister as best they could from the IRawltesbury to the northernmnost part of Australia. Latterly Mr. Addams became one of that Newcastle clerical settlement at Pctersham whose procession into All Saints' Church is so appropriately brought up by our ever esteemed tbrother, the Rev. R. E. Goddard. Of our lay helpers. Mr. Robert Lloyd Alison, churchwarden of Christ Church, Dungog, for no less than 35 years, has entered into rest. Mrs. Luke, widow of a former treasurer of Synod, and sister of Archdeacon \White, has been called home. Charles Clarence Sanders, a young and earnest lay reade , has also gone from us. Mrs. Wetherill, to whom we referred in 1897 as a Sunday-school teacher for 42 years, now rests flim her labours. Turn ing from these to our fellow labourers whose sw'k is not yet o'er, we welcome back the Rev. E. La Barte after his short holiday in England. The Rev. G. B. Stephenson has removed from St. Peter's, East Maitland, to St. Augustine's, Mere wether, and his place has been filled by the Rev. C. G. A. Monro, from Queensland. The Rev. R. V. King is leaving Mlerriwa to take charge of Coopernoolk in succession to the Rev. H. D. Hilder, who leaves for Bathurst. A canonry became vacant on the death of the Dean, and I conferred it upon the Rev. John Shaw, B.A., of St. John's College, Cambridge, and incumbent of St. Paul's, Paterson. whose ability, scholarship, and faithful ministry, have Slong since .lodged him in the heart of the dlocese. Among our lay readers, Mr. W. H. Gaggin, for 35 years reader at St. John's, Clarence Town, has lesn deserved!' 'ho oured with ao flidties and ?lble ty the Darishioners, and Mr. Ainslie A. Yeates has taken the M.A. degree at Sydney Unl versity at the early age of 21. " Church building has not stood still. A stcne church has been built at Merrlwa, chiefly through the liberality of Mrs. Wil son and Mr. Bettington. In the same parish a similar but smaller church has booeen built at Cassilils. Both the new churches re place old wooden ones of umany memories and much decay. At Fullerton Cove a neat church has been erected and opened free of debt. At East Greta, in the parish of St. Mary's, West IMaitland, a small church has been built. At Marten's Creek, in the parish of Paterson, a similar church has been opened. Two new churches have been built on the Macdonald River by the energy of Rev. F. A. Cadell. The parsonage at Wollomlil has been thoroughly repaired at a cost of £150. A memorial window in memory of the late George Bromhead has been placed in St. Paul's, West Mailtland, and a window memorial of Archdeacon Child is ready for erection in St. James', Morpeth. Arrangements are in progress for a church at Toronto, where Mr. New march, sith characteristic zeal, conducts services alternately in connection with I'eralba. The Rev. W. F. and Mrs. James still conducts the Seaman's Mission, which I regret to say has not yet become diocesan. Last, not least, the Rev'. T. W. Ramm has cleared off the debt on. HRamilton Church, to the relief of all concerned. 'O sI sic omnes !' "The number of candidates oreseoted for Confirmation in 1899 was 778, of whom 241 were males and 437 females. If the lIt appended is not Icng, owing to the New castle parishet having Confirmation only bfennially, I a'm glad to express my satis faction at the reverent demeanour of the candidates, bearing evidence of treir care eul preparatiosn. Owing to frequentt change of residence amotg young persons in towns, andi the up-growth of senior scholars in our Sunday-schools, I think that annual confirmations are expedient there. Candi dates who come from Bible classes in Sun dlay-schools ought to be fairly instructed already, and needing Bittle more than that pastoral direction which is an essential element in their preparation. Uniformity of head dress among female candidates may obe unattainable, 'but I desire it to be simple and slight, that the solemn act of imposi tion of hands may not be impeded by excess of millinery . RIGHT REV\\. BISHOP STRETOH, D.D. " For some months after the Dean's death the Pro-Cathedral authorities desired that for O time, at least, the Bishop should as sume the office of Dean. The arrangement ewas true to Church order, and srought the Bishop into closer relation with the inner wvorking of the Ctithedral parish, while it tended to bring the parishes of the diocese into closer relation with the Cathedral. The plan succeeded so for as the Bishop's many engagements allowed. It enabled him to invite one and another of the clergy speelally those holding country cures to preach in the Pro-CathedraL. This helped them to realise the Cathedral character of Christ Church, which has been too much obscured. In the Church's view a whole diocese is but one parish, having the Cathedral as its Mother Church, and all the clergy with their congregations centred in it. Recently a most happy event has occurred, which will release the Bishop from his duties as Dean, because he has the unexpected opportunity of conferring upon them a brother Bishop swho has consented to take charge of the Pro-Cathedral and parish. We regret the circumstances which have deprived a diocese in another colony of the valable assistance of the Right Rev. Bishop Stretch, D.D., but as the circum stances have occurred we are heartily thankful that tihe gain is ourq. It would be impertinent, as it would be superfluous, foIdr me to soeak in eulogy of a brother Bishop, for I could not speak of him in terms other than eulogistic. His name and fame have long since spread abroad thro mghout Australia. Everyone seems to know him already. He is'a horn son of the Church in Australia. Our welcome comes from the warm heart of the whole diocese. Far myself I shall work.as a double Bishop, and I hope that a double portion of epis copal blessing will flow forth from the Cathedral to the diocese. While speaking thus, let me give expression to my sense of high esteem for thd Rev. Charles Rice in his diffloult position during the past months. His assiduous attendance on the late Dean during his illness, together with his painstaking conduct of the services and his sympathetic discharge of pastoral duties through the months which have since elapsed, will always be remembered with thanlkful appreciation. "I hope that the arrival of Bishop Stretch, and his concentration of energy upon the Cathedral, will greatly advance the building .completion scheme. The committee have now brought heir scheme within what ought to be measurable dis tance. The architecture of English cathed rals shows that they were built in parts because the builders ,were overtaken from time to time by the new style of architec ture, and unconservatively they abandoned the old and adopted the new style. Win chester, Hereford, and others are histories of architecture of stone. We must admit that it is hard, probably inexpedient if not impossible, for one generation of Church people to build a Cathedral throughout. Yet 'something accomplished, something done' ought to earn their 'night's repose.' The committee have sought advice, and find that they can complete the whole of the nave, and leave the choir to be finished afterwards. The Adelaide Cathedral is half built. It is idle to wish now that years ago some plan had been accepted which would have better lent itself to progressive con .struction. The poet Young consoles us by saying The man that does the best his clreum stance allows Does well, acts nobly !' the angels could no more.' " The cost of this work ought not to'be beyond reach. The cost is estimated at £7000. Towards this sum the Christian Knowledge Society's conditional grant of £1000 vwill be available. The three years' scheme already promises £2684. If the sclheme is taken up in every parlsh, and by every parishioner, the work would be easily and speedily accomplished. In our day we ought to make part of the building available for worship. His hecellency tihe Governor, at the diocesan festival, remark ed that otnr site for a cathedral is un- rivalled. He did not think a better site possible. Viewed from the harbour, or anywhere else, the site should make each member of the Church ask the lquestion, ,What amn I going to do towards finishing the Cathedral ?' IHe said the sum required for the completion is a modest one when comuoared with the vast sums raised at holme for chlrch work in cities not much larger tha New Scastle. The truth is that its past history and present condition have made Newcastle Cathedral a byword and a proverb in Church circles. We can redeem it from reproach by finishing enough for publice worship. We boast of having the second city of the colony,.and yet Goulburn has got before us in cathedral building. We do not want to illustrate the saying, 'The first shill be last.' The lay members of Synod can help effectively in their own localities. t believe the money is there, but waits to -be collected. The machinery for collection Is ready, only collectors in their respective parishes are requlired. DIC 3ESAN FESTIVAL. I hope that the iiccesan fectival, held on December 13th, under the presidency of his 1Exccllency the Governor, and assisted by the presen'e of his Grace the Archbishop and the Rev. W. Flower, M.A., late Arch deacon of Grafton, will be followed by an annual festival in years to come. We all feel the sympathy cf numbers, and the en thusiasm ktindled by meeting for a good common cause. The twelve parishes or dis tricts of Newcastle alone would ensure a large neet!p5 ; pr if the festival were held in Maitland, the town and ltlrr'outdlng p5r ishes swould equally provide for tiauntdlal ssuccesa. His Excellency laid us under deep obligation, not only by his presence, but by his very helpful address. Our Arch bishop followed with wise words on the constituents of Christian giving, and the Rev. Wtlltonghby Flower wvell described the continutity of the Church through times of renovation. A diocesan festival is more than an anntual meeting for scme approved object. It is rather the parade ground for a diocesan review. It is the popular colun terpart of a synod sedalon. ,Indeed, we might profitably consider whether such fes tivl might not form the recognised sequel to a synod session, provided that the pre vious tldayg have notoexhausted our energies and powEf of speech. At all events, for the futute our Mnu:to will be 'Floreat Festum.' GENERAL SYNOD. T" The coming General Synod has been summoncd a year in advance of its time. This is due partly to the fact that we are in the year 1900. Although it may not in augurate the twentieth century, yet it has an interest which all must feel to be inm pressive. As we head our letters with this new date we are'" conscious of having stepped across a line which puts us in tho ught, at least, far beyond the past year. Feelings do not care to calculate nicely when the next century begins, for somehow the figures 1900 look at us from the paper with solemn suggestiveness. Future gene ral synods will recur at their quinquennial periods more gasily reckoned from the pre sent time. But It was the Jubilee of the Australian Board of Missions which chiefly determined the time; for the A. B. 31. naturally wished to celebrate its fiftieth bitlrday surrounded by Just that goodly company of clergy and laity representing all dioceses in Australia, as only the Gene ral Syaod. can call together. Our session of 1896 left a .ataa?nce of half finished work which will be carried forward for settle msnt. Amongst it was a determination introduced by Bishop Cooper, and which passed its first reading.. Its object was to confer on the General Synod power to legislate absolutely on matters affecting the Church as a whole. It seeks to abolish the private gates of diocesan obstruction on the public roads of common progress. The superannuation scheme is being piloted by Archdeacon Langley, who will do his best to float it. The scheme has stuck too long on the shallows of vested interests. Perhaps we only waste time in consulting financial engineers like the late Mr. Black and others. It may be iser to leanve the existing funds where they are, and to unitedly construct an entirely new scheme, large, comprehensive, modern, built on the best actuarihl lines and fitted with the en grines of rational persuasion, which will speed it over the waters of universaladop tion. Would not the plan for such con struction lie found at once ito schedule 2 of our WVidows and Orphans Fund and in our Clergy Superannuation Fund ? " The ever vcexed question of the Primacy will meet us as usual. The refusal of the Sydney Synod to accept determination 1 of 8913 leaves determination 1 of 1881 still in force. Those of us who were present at that synod remember that after muclb ham mering, in which the strong arm of Bishop Moorhouse exerted itself, we thought the new machine would work well. Obviously the alternative scheme was its best part, and it is that part embodied in determina tion 1 of 1891, with extra concession to the Sydney side of the committee. In the two elections of 1883 and 1889 recourse has been had to the alternative committee method. The submission of three names to the Bis hops and the unavoidable sublication of them here and in England was a weak place, which is not solvitur but dissolvitur ambulahdo, for It has broken down twice. Many of us would deeply regret if Sydney were to provoke the General Synod to re move the Primacy from what is historically our Canterbury. -Memories .of Bishop Broughton are rooted there. Our arche ology is found there. S. James' so mem orial of the Macquarie period, or S. Mat thew's, Windsor, of the Broughiton period, and of which our own S. Paul's, Paterson, is a pure specimen. Let us hope that wise counsels will prevail, and that Sydney will come to terms with all the other dioceses. and so avert an historical disaster. JUBILESE OF BOARD OF MISSIONS. "The bi-centennary of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel synchronises with our Jubilee of the Board' of Missions, and will emphasise our Festival next Aug ust. WVe are much indebted to the Bishop of Tasmania for the proposed jubilee, and I hope we shall find it full of missfonary in spiration. He undertook to organise the movement, and has sent leaflets periodl cally for distribution. Last January I is sued a pastoral on the subject. The Jubilee while celebrated In' Sydney wilt utterly fail of its object unless it penetrates all par ishes and stitnulates a sense of responsi bility everywhere. The jublTee centre will be formed only by the converging to it the zeal, the prayers, the free ?rill offerings of all peoples in all places withip our dioceses. Hitherto this missionary side of the Church has been almost hidden in Australia. The maintenance of local churches has obscured it. But the time has come when Australia should relax religious selfishness. The Church in these colonies has 'freely recelv-' ed,' and therefore should 'freely give.' The S. P. G., whose bl-centennary is being kept, has. given more than a quarter of a million in years Bast. The S. P. C. K. has given about an equal sum. This is not the place wherein to enforce the obligation of obedi ence 'to our Lord's command to preach His gospel to every creature. Still, the saying out of sight, out of mind,' may obscure even from ourselves the fact that vwe need not leave Australian shores to find heathen races of many climes. Nt to refer to Chinese near here, there are in queensianu Kanakas, Javanese, Japanese, Cingalese, while Aborlglnes are still very numerous there and in Westein Australia. The Bel lenden Ker Mission is only struggling. New Guinea, under Australian protection, needs extension. The festival omeetings, not only In Sydney, but in all diocesan centres, will conclude with a special service in St. Andrew's Cathedral, when. each diocese will formally present its offering through its representative Bishop. Opur senior diocese must provide so that It may not be ashamed in that day. . NORTH AUSTRIADITAN BISHOPRIC. " Cognate to this jubilee is the fact that this year there is born into the family of our dioceses a Missionary Bishopric for North Australia. It includes the Northern part of North Queensland, together with the Northern Territory of South Australia. This Is due to the supreme energy of Bishop Barlow, .who has succeeded in raising the endowment. 'PTi- Northern Territory has been practicall'S~ iltouched by our Church, for although not; faTr' from Thursday Island, yet interolonial jedllosy discouraged even ecclesiastical super~lsioll from outside. sist the formation ot t. northern state, in elusive of and a littl% o iyolo d this new dio cese, which is alta~i" climatically separate from the south by its tropical conditions. Coloured races are there In immense num bers, etuployell in pearl-shelling, sugar planting, and other industries. By his creation of this Ilshoipric, and placing It on an endonwed b.lsis, Bishop Barlow has nobly advanced the missionary work of the Church. DISHOP OF BALAARAT. " Of Bishops, 'one cometh anti another goeth.' The retirement of the Bishop of Ballarat. after 25 years' episcopate, re moves from us one endowed with singular gifts of the Holyv Ghost. Whcn a mind naturatlly creative, clever, and enriched with sound learning a'nd the results of wilde observation, is united to'a heart tenderly symnpathetic. andi both heart and mindt are baptised with self- consecration to our Lord for His Church, there is produced a charnac ter which illuminates its sshere of duty with intellectual anti moral brilliancy. My memory recalls Bishop Thornton as a outng London incumbent with all his Ox ord honours thick upoon him, who wvas then spending himself in the slums of Whitechapel when he couldi have lived In learned leistre upon his cifellowship at Queen's College. 'Afterwsrds Rector of St. Gcarge's, r Dlrmigham, until called to the Blishopric of Ballarat, his many talents Ihave been well invested, and have brought iiiTdh splirittal reiturn to the great Iouse holder. We shall sadly ltiss him from G-neral Synod, his pile of papers and ready pen bespcakintg his keen interest in the proceedings. Though removed from us, twe are sure thlat he will be always ready, if dtesired, to act as agent-general for tihe Church here from its home side. 'lIE WA R. " In the Church's effort to 'reconcile the ways of God to men,' to use Milton's wvords, she must feel pailfUl concern about such events as the war, the plaguno, the drought, and kindred calamities. The Peace Con ference and the Lambeth Committee on International Arbitration have sustained a severe shock, but not a deadly blow. Of course, it has shown how delicately poised is such arbltratioi, and how easily the 'unruly wills and affections of sinful men' can upset it. It is-creditable to Englanhd that she was unwilling to fight, and that the Boer invasion of Natal found her so un prepared that it gained advantage at the first. / 'The Lord sittc~h above thie water floods,' and out of evil brings good. As in the natural world, volcanoes, floods, and storms have been instrumental for good upheaving metals or spreading alluvial soils, so history explains that war, hateful and horrible though it he, yet in the ab sence of universally enlightened conscience has ledn the rough agent to bring snome good. As Matthew Arnold stal, 'The Eternal. not ourselves, makes for right eousness," and if this war eventuates in the establishment of just government among nw!xed races, the grant of equal rights and privileges and constitutional freedcm for all peoples in South Africa, then even this terrible war will not have been waged for nought. :When we ask, which among the nations stands foremost for utniversal iberty,. and has dealt out even- handed justice to all its people ? Which of them has given self-government to its dependencies at thr'earliestsafeperibt of their development. If we ask, wvhich. of all countries has treated coloured races with humnanity whien under Its protection, and which has spent men and money to Christianise and elevate weaker branches of the human fanlily, and has sought to raise them to its own level of advantage ? The answer comes that in spite of eager rtush for newly discovered gold, and in spite of self-assertiveness conanonly char acteristic of strong, enterprising people in spite of national 'boastfulness, bred of conscious power, the verdict of onlooking peoples is that personal freedbm and na tional expansion flourish best ieteath the beneficient shade of the British flag. The question now submitted to the arbitrament of war is whether the:British or the IDltch shall be domninant in South Africa. More is at stake thain the survival of the stronger. It Is the survival of the fittest for South Africa-the fittest to give it equitable government, the fittest to rouse it into industrial and 'commercis'il energy, the fittest to provide it with liberal educa tional institutions, and the-fittest to bap tise all with enlightened Christianity. It is certain that Britain is the best nurse to rock infant nations in their cradle: In the mystery of life, struggle in some shape is the price paid for all progress. This war has exacted it in precious lives, taken from the selector's cottage and from the home of his Excellency cur Governor. Our ten dearest sympathy enwraps these wounded hearts. Though the trice is terribly heavy it has already brought rare gains. It has tightened the girdle of kinship that binds together the members of the great British family. It has glyen occasion for the out come of soldierly bravery, latent before, tout now seen in splendid deeds of heroism whichl have srseathed Australia with re nown. It has given seriousness to Aus tralian life generally, swhen our sunny sky and social prosperity were seducing us into easy-going softness. Shakespeare says truly : ' Sweet are the uses of adversity, Which, like the toad, ugly and venomous, Wcars yet a precious jesvel in hisofead.' LPLCAGUE. " Adversity has come to us in another and nearer fosm. The plague is still a monitor rather than a. minister of ven gcance. What the plague could do can be read in Dr. Je'ssop's graphic description of it in 1349 in his 'Coming of the Friars;' or in Defoe's description of it in TIis 'His tory of the Plague in 1665ii.' At those times cuonditions for it were present and prcven tatives against it were absent. In the Mosaic Code cleanliness was 'next.to God liness,' but part of it, and rightly so, be cause it is obedience to God's natural law under which we live. It it a.Cbristian's duty 'to ascertain and dbey GOd's laws in the physical, no less than in the moral and spiritual kingdoms. John. Stuart Mill said'that man is naturally idli and fond of dirt. Let us hope that man 'has cleaner habits than he had years ago.. Referring ot the 'draftiness of houses inta the nmiddle ages, Woakeman, in his history, naively says no doubt it was much lessfelt because our ancestors were so 'grimy.' Adam Smith, too, writing in 1770 on the price of commodities, mentions among them soap, but adds that the quantity used by the poor was so small that thoe increase in price did not much .matter. This visitation calls our sins to remembrance, our neglli gencies and ignorances. Recent disclosures have shown that culpable disregard of pub lic health exists among large sections of' the community in spite of all legislation to protect it. It exhibits tile weaklness of' su~h l~egl~in- unl.ess peole's own active co-operation mores along its lines. We cannot malke men good by Act of Parlita ment, but Acts of Parliament help good men. Behind all such legislation there Io the public mind and conscience which have to be kent informed and convinced and shaklen out of Instinctive lethargy. At such time prayer ib more than natural cry for deliverance : it means asctivo co-operation with God for good. It puts us into sym pathy with the mind of God. We pray to be 'filled with the knowledge of His will in all wisdom nd spiritual understand ing.' We pray thht 'by His holy inspira tion we 'may thinkl those things that be good, and by His merciful guiding may perform the sanle.F' And that same prayer doth teach ox all to render the deeds of sanitary reform. Prayer is practical. SYNOD AND '~IHI AGE. " As these sessions annually recur they force the question upon us whether the Church within the area of our responsi bility Is really meeting the condition and wants of the present day: whether it is effective for its own Dlvino purpose so far as our humuan endeavours can make it : whether it realises, imperfectly of course,. but still appreciably, its high ideal pas torally toward 'them that are within,' and evangelistically 'toward them that are without,' its circumference. In his recent charge the Bishop of London referred in cidentally to the Mlediaeval Church as hav ing failed because it fell behind its age. lie said, 'The growth of knowledge and the development of national consciousness gave men a new sense of power and new me-ans of criticism. They dlemanded that thi ecclesiastical systetm should be in ac cordance with their knowledge and with the sense of responsibility for their own life and actions which passing m'ents forced upon them.' Or, as Mr. Hutton putsa It in his 5History of the Church in Great Britain.' 'The Church swas divided. One part was intensely Conservative, clinging to superstitions which keen witted men de rided, averse to the new learning which was slowly reaching' England from Italy. A second party was alive to all the in fluence of the Renalssance, full of interest in Biblical stuly, in Greek, and in Church reform.' The law of conformity to en vironment on penalty of extinction, so im peratlve In the natural world, extends with esme measure of correspondence to the region ecclesiastical, The Church must re adjust herself to everchanging conditions. Of course, the 'Doctrine and Sacraments and the Discipline of Christ, as the Lord hath commanded, and as this Church hath received the same,' are unalterable-the solid granite basis of bIelief 'bene?a~th all the stralt. of thought and practice which long centuries have deposited upon it, But the presentation of these verities: the appll cation of this ministry: the adaptation of this organisatlon must vary with the variable aspects of life. The Gospel is the so?amo along all the ages. The message is one, but it must be brought home to all hearts by being translated into the lan guage of Church ordinances and ministra tion is as 'best understanded by the people.' Bacon says, 'Time is the greatest innova tor ;' nod it is just this innovating, shift ing time Which imposes upon us as Church non the dfimcult task of readjusting modes iiln metthbds that we maynot as dilatory guides, be left behind by the age which vwe ourght to lead. The last half century en courages us, for it has seen our Church's admirable self-adaptation to the new con ditions of Australian life. This Synod alone: so representative in its member ship and self-governing in its powers, ex hibits that vitality in the Church of Eng land which, like a slip cut from an old but sapful tree, strikes .ropt in new soil and sprilngs u0 with vigorous growth. This Australian climate suits it well. At the same time we know that elimate produces variation. The Church here has not quite the same soil and atnmosphere of venerable traditions which it ha,. in the place of its original planting. So our wvisdom lies in analysing our own soil and atmosphere, and in trying to 'have understanuding of our times' here anit now. If we do not enter hotly into con.roversles a, long way off it is because there are plenty of wise heads on the spot who can settle' them. and be cause we have more than enough to do out here in minding our own ecclesiasttcal business. That business has several branches. Around us there is keen intel lectual curiosity, if not serious inquiry. The schoolmaster ik abroad smd busy with States schools and umiversities. Libraries are in every town. A Paternoster Row sublisher told me that he sent more high class literature to Australla li proportion a its population than, to any other part of 1he Empire. It is sonTctimes said ours is mt age of unbelief, but I do not think so. It is an ago emphatti'ealty of asking ques tihos. of opening closed doors nudl: search ing among old foundations. MIen' do not ask, 'Who said it ?' -but 'Why did he say it?' It. i: an age not of authority, bur. of res sonable explanations. Archdeacon Wilson,. of Manchester, in his IlHulsean Lectures, has voiced the Church when he says 'But observae. it is not possible to do justice- to such. a study, if you approach it in a vain, eareless, Irreverent frame of mind. Bg as sceptical, sincere, truth-loving as you. please, but lay aside prejudice, lay aside contempt, correct the ignorance which comes from intellectual sloth and self sufliciency and the indlifference which.arises from.a low standard of human dignity and low estimate of human possibilities. Ex atltine yourself narrowly whether your seeptism may not be due more than you are aware to laxsity of conduct which dims the eye of the soul.' I am soniotimes afraid for our younger clergy lest their Bible stmly, I do not say Bible reading, should suffer by continuous bush work, ih vlviilg., as it does with some. a hundred miles a week. We seniors will pass awvay, buit our juniors 'must stop and see it out,' and it -swu-ld be sad if they had to-confess of their qwn age, 'as thy servant" was busy here mld there he was gone.' Bhrt let me turn from the clerical'to the lay side of the Church. Tile American Churchli paoer is entitlibd, 'The -Living Church;' and the name is suggestive. Life is a ~formative principle.. It lays hold of surroutding mar terial of various kinds, and variety is es sentihl to its usefulness, and at once ap- propriates, assimilates that gathered ma terial and groups it into the sevoera' tHis and members of the body. Life withli; forms organs without. That secret itner life is continuous, though disintegration works change on the externat organistm. It repai's loss and waste with fresh ma terlil. Perhaps even St. Paul did not see the -beauty of his own similitude as scfence shows it to ourselves. Now the State de scribes our Synods and our Chureh status as held tiogether by mutual compact. So, it i? upon its clvil side. But our Synod, romposed tof varied elements, fetched from divers ploaces, yet fashioned into thle sym metry of a spiritual organism, and eotr'?-d with spfritual faculties, necessary and ap propriate for healthy activity---does ft not silbutly speak to us of its inner life, of the Hol?y Ghost, the Lord and GiVer of fl'fe, VWhose vitality is thus evidenced amongst us, and, indeed, of which we are the sub jects and expressons. We di- not speak of 'going finto the Church,' for we have been iir it ever since our baptism. We-do not speak of a 'sacerdotal caste," for He that hath loved us and washed us from our sihs in His own blood, hath made us kings and -priests to God and Hli P'ather--lafty and clergy alike. Professor Moberly, of Oxford, well says: 'If the Body is not some, -but all,and the powers- and gifts fn herent in the life of the Body are the powers and the gifts which, so far, belong to all, and the Spirit whitll is the Body's fife is the Spirit of all, what- is the reIa tron of ministers speciflicially ordfaned to this total life and power of the total Body? Clearly they are not lntermedfaries be tween the Body and its life. They are or gans of the -ody thlrough which the life inherent in the whole Body expresses it self in particular flinctionsow-f detail but the great -lifeo itsself remains tn the Body at large.' " As ares of this corporate IHfe we meet in Synod to-day. The very diversity of our callings gives enrichment to our counsels. Our secular associations serve to colour and affect our part of that great central life, and qhalify us to understand better the character and range of human needs. How wideo th?at range is let Arch deaeon c VWlson descrfbe o: 'Religlion must purify the *pleasures of llfe, govern its struggleos, ennohle its loves and its sorrows, consecrate tls' knowledge, ir~ sizmpte~t and mosto.elementary /convictious. It must throw light upon the whole life of the citizen anat the nation if It is to keen a hold on us. Rellglon is stmethilg:openr to all men, not smethinbg insitde closed. doors.' " If we ask, who is sunlielent for these things, tile answer comes from that same Spirit of Lif.e, exerting llttself through that stme com prehensive, cmpo?slte, vital isted Body, nerving it to gras;p and lift up" lovingly the whiole life of man. The outlook is too wide, and thie work too noble, for narrow intdividualism, for party policy. nluch less for unbrotherly discord. Our Synod, when seen as part of this Divine econolny, passes fronl the simnplicity of its outward clreumsttance into some of its glory and dignity belonging to the Body of Christ. When compared with seats in the councils of the country, our places in Syd ney may appear hulmble and our business nslgnificat.t. .butt our function reaches even farther, for it rons up the broad river of popular tendencies and current thoughts until it reaches the very springs and sources of char.cter, personal and national, andl there, Ellaha-like, heals their bitter ness. Our work itself dfinets the spirit of us, the worklers--strong in faith. calm in Judgment, rich in resource, ripe in experi ence. May we show ourselvesc such in this , goodly compalnny to-day." MOTION ON THE ADDRESS. Mr. C. R. Middleton stated that he had 'been askted to move the following resolu tion :-" That the thanks of this Synod he accorded to the Right Rev. the President for his very able address, and that his Lordship's assent be sought to permit of it being printed in the report of the proceed ings of Synol." lie said he hasl much pleasure in 'being present to hearl such an admirable address. It was a masterly re view, not only of thie affairs of this didcese, but of the affairs of the great Church of England. It also dc.tlt with thb affairs of the counitry from 'the government of our constitution to the smallest point in the government of the Church. It wasn a most comprehensive address in every way, and one that had given joy and encouragement to the members of Synod, and the report of Sycod srostld not be complete without it. (Applause.) The BIishop ?Vs respected and loved from one end of the diocese to the other. (Applause.) The appointment of the new Dean was a Stretch iri the right direction. (Laughter, and applause.) Rev. G. F. Rushforth seconded the mo tion, which was carried by acelamation. The Bishop said it was large thanks for small services. Hle then read a telegram from the Archbishop sending congratula tions to thie Newcastle Bishop and Synod, and wishing god-speed. (A!splause.) A suitable reply nwas sent to the above. TIIE LATE DEAN SELWYN. Ven. Archdeacon White mtoved, "That thi+ Synod desires to record its seose of the great loss the diocese and the church con jointly hal sustained in the death of the late lamented Dean Sclwyn. who for so many years was so promitnelt a member of the Diocesan, Provincial, and General Synods, nitld also expresses its sincere sym pathy with. Mrs. Selwyn in her stad hereave ment." After the beautiful nway in which his Lordship had referred to the Irdte Dean. he (Archdeacon White) dlid not need to re peat all that had been said. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Edwaont Iarnell, an old friend, of the late Dean, sectnded the mnotion, and. made very earnest remarks upon the character of his dear departed friend. , Archdeacon Tyrroll supported the resolu tion. stating that tlie names of Selwyn. and Rusd-n (tlle hitter being Mrs. Selw:vyn' maiden name) woutld remain green. for generations. Ie had always reverenced both families. The motion was carried in silent prayer, by all standing. ORDERS OP THE DAY. The Bishop read oven the business-paper, with a view to formrl motiont. The Ven Archdencon Whito moved, "That. the ordinance to ameml the Parochlal and. Iliocesan Funds Ordinance of 1807 be read. . first time."-Agrced to. The Ven. Archdeacon Bode moved, "That., : the ordinance to amend the Parochial Coun= ell' Ordinance of 1S88t4 be read a first time." -Carried. Thle Ven. Archdeacon. Tyrrell moved,, "'That the ordinance to eprvide for the fu ture election of diocesan and parochial wardens for Christ Church Cathedral be readl a first time." The Rev. R. lI. Walke moved, "That the Stockton land sale ordinance be read ·a first tine."-Carricd. The V\'en. Archdeacon WhiLe moved, "That the amended bylaws of the Clergy Widows' :.: and Orphans' Foud be atnd hereby are con irnmed by this Synon."-Cerried. At 130 Synod adjourned till Dp.m.,"f en- i able certain conmllittees to meet. AT THE LUNCIIEON. The members of Synod lumched in the ' large room of the Deanery, where the ladiesof the parish had made elaborate ar raugements for their entertainment, and. they personally walted on the tables.. The Blphop, who prealded, paid a graceful comn- - pliment to the ladies for the excellence of the hmncheon they had prepared, and for the general beauty of the Ileral display-re malers which were received with applause. In giving the toast of "Thu Queen," his Lordship made n excellent speech. The South African war had, he said, brought to " ,hqr MIajesty the keenest sormow, and she had:: sbowt this in her every action. He askted Synod, as loyal chlurchmem,, to drink ad miration, loyalty, and attachement to our Graciuss QLuee. (Appllause.y The toast was accompanied by the sing-: ing of "God Save the Queen." The Ven. Archdeacon TyIrell, by request, then proposed "Our Bilshmly" The Bishop, of Newcatile was, he said, loved throughout the entire diocese. (Applauoe.) He /.ron g-atulated the Cathedral parlsh upon hav ing necueed Dishop Strotch.:s its incumbent. and he hoped that Dr. Stretch's presence in the diocese would have the effect of re-. lieving the Bishop of a great.deal.of his. work: The Bishop was at prsent over worked. He was a most ubiquitous Bishop. Everybody loved him. \ihy therefore was he not better supported by the laity? He had the Church Aid Fund at heart, end he had the completion of the Cathedral at heart. All he wanted was the thorough sunport of the laity. (Hear, hear.) Ilia Lordship made q.lte a humorous re psy. He reminded those present of what a torture a spoilt child was, and advised. them not to have a spoilt Bishop, who could. do infinitely more damage. (Laughter). How soon, he %ald, Australian bishops got old!: They could hardly believe that the retire ment of Bishop Thornton, of Ballarats placed him in the position of senoter bishop of Australia. (lAp!?lause.) 0. ewhat at weight! What a dignity! What antiquity! It seemed only a few years since he came to Australia. It was said that a man was. what his wife makes him, so,n bishop was what the' diocese. makes him.. When the diocese was amiable and forbearing, the bishop went on and on, anrd lived ong, and became the senior bishop--though he. felt a juvenile still. (Applaue.) He toank-. ed the ladies for their hibhours in preparing and serving the luncheon, and thanked the members of Synodl for hon.uring hlliin the eay they hao. (Applause.) A great. strike has taken place on; the. Southern Railway in 'Amerlcy, alt the tele graphists having .acome out. The gravest in convenience has been, caused, the strike affecting no less than, 000 miile of roact. 