Mxt mk $km& Things don't turn up hi this world until somebody turns them 'up. There are people, whose energy is tire less; and some, alas! whose energy is mere ly tiresome. Difficulties are often like ghosts— when you come to run them down they don't amount to much. Longshot — 'Do you consider horseshoes an- emblem of luck?' Pla-:oi? — 'Yes, when they are on the winning -horse. Charles^ — 'Miss Spindle 'has pretty teeth, hasn't she?' Maude (spitefully) — 'Yes, and quite inexpensive ones, too.' . She (passionately)— 'Will you ever love another, dearest?' He (wearily) — 'No, never, jjf I get out of this affair.' Ca'ller_-'Is Miss Sweetie in?' Servant — 'No, sir.' 'But I just saw her come in.' 'Yes, sir; hut she saw you as well.' Tommy — 'We have got a new baby at our house!' Sally (with upturned nose) — 'We don't want one; we've got a piano.' 'Is he a good Churchman?' . 'Well, he doesn't pray so loud as some of them, but he pays his pew-rent a good deal more promptly.' Philosophies are formed to account for one's idiosyncrasies, to excuse peccadilloes, to elevate shortcomings, and to satisfy one's vanity. 'I have never met,' he said, 'more than two really lovely women.' 'Ah,' said she, looking up innocently into his face, 'who was the other?' Tom -(to his sister) — 'Kitty, if you give me a bit of your cake I'll' spoil the piano so that you won't he able to take a lesson for a fortnight.' Mrs. Haughteigh— 'Why didn't j-ou stop, sir, when you saw me wave my hand? 'Bus Conductor— 'I thought you were throwing me kisees, mum.' Madge — 'I suppose you are happy now you have the engagement ring?' Marjorie — 'No, my dear. I won't be perfectly happy until I find out what it cost.' Policeman — 'Ho. one is allowed to enter this gateway.' ^journalist— 'But I have e pas from the Lord Chamberlain.' 'On paper?' 'No, a verbal one.' 'Show it to me.' ? ? . Mrs._ Youngling' (going out)— 'John, do you suppose you can hear the baby from where you are if .he wakes up and cries?' John (who is reading the newspaper) — 'I dunno; I hope not. Moses, Junior — 'Fader, a shentleman in de shop wants to 'know If dat all-wool non shrinkable shirt will shrink?' Moses, Senior— 'Does it .fid him?' 'Np, id is too big.' 'Yah, id yill shrink.' Customer' — 'Waiter, do you remember me? I came in here yesterday and ordered a steak.' Waiter — 'Yes, sir; will you have the same to-day, sir?' Customer— 'Yes, if no one else is using it.' Biggs— 'There goes a man who is ap proached (with fear and trembling by all who have dealings with him.' Boggs — 'Ah. A ?criminal judge or something of that, I presume?' Biggs— 'No, a dentist.' Mrs. Jones — 'Men never know how much they owe to their wives. Now there's Mr. Blank, who is praised by everyone as a successful man, but what would he have been if he had never mar ried?' Mr. Jones — 'A bachelor, dear.1' Plotting Mamma — 'Why do you always take your cousin Nell with you? Her beauty makes you and your sister look plain.' Daughter — 'I know it, mamma; but when we have Nellie with us we never have any trouble finding a policeman to take us across the street. Amateur Photographer (touring in the Western States)— 'Pardon me. sir, but would you object to my taking your daugh ter just as she is?' Farmer Greene — 'Wa-al, this is sudden; but take her and be happy. Keep your eyes on him, Sal, till I scoot round for th' parson.' Jobson — 'How did Hobson manage to become engaged to the wealthy Miss An tique?' I thought she was a man-hater.' Bobson — 'So she was, but when he ad vised her not to get a bell for her bicycle, for when she rode it there was already one on it, she immediately succumbed. 'I tried that old receipt you gave me for my cold, grandma, and my throat seems worse to-day.' 'Easy, child, easy. I've been collecting recipes for colds all my life.. I think you'll find 325 in my black bag in *he workfbox. Now, be patient. rTry another — one is sure to do for you, darling.' 'Gentlemen of the jury,' said a blunder ing counsel, in an action about some pigs, 'there were just thirty-six hogs in that drove; please to remember that fact — thirty-six hogs — just exactly three times as many as there are in that jury-box, gentle men.' That counsel did not gain his case. She (sweetly)— 'Let me see, how long— eight years, isn't it, darling, since we were married?' He. (proudly condescending) — 'Yes, dear.' She (still sweetly) — 'And do you know, darling, that I love you more and more, if possible, every year?' He (suspicious) — Uh- huh! ^Um-on! Yes, a ?new mantle or a new bonnet?' Husband (returning to grand stand from paddock) — 'Confound it. The horse we came down here specially to see has been scratched — it will not run.' Wife (her first appearance) — 'Will not run on ac count of a mere scratch T How aggravat ing. Why don'it they put a piece of court plaster on it, jand I'll warrant the horse will 'be as good as ever?' ' , 'Look here.' said Mr. Dobbs to the hause-agent, my wife will be calling to-day and I want you to .tell her that that house we have been looking at is taken.' 'But, my good sir,' protested the agent, 'itjisn't taken.' 'It will be then,' answered' Mr. Dofclbs; 'I am taking it now. Mrs. Dobtis can't ?make up her mind, hut she'll want it directly she thinks she can't get it.' ? Harry wanted to give Florrie a birthday present, but could notinake up his mind ', what it should -be, so the next time he called he frankly told her the difficulty under which he was laboring. 'Want to make me a -ptesent, Harry?' exclaimed Florrie, in well-counterfeited astonish ment. 'Why, Harry, you forget yourself!' Harry took the hint ! and offered himself on the spot. . ? ?' .' Tramp — 'I jus' dropped in, mum, to offer my new cure for indigestion, dyspep sia, and kindred ailments, mum. It may prove a great blessing to your family, mum, ' and I charge you nothing for the prescrip- , fcion.' Housekeeper— 'Well, I . must ., say : that's reasonable enough. What. : is the! cure?' Tramp-r-'Live on plain .food' and give your rich and indigestible,-dishe&; to the poor. I'm- the poor, mum.' ;.,. ? ;, 'Young man,' said this mother «f vine family, confronting hh-; 'you have, beeb coming to see'-imy daughter for more than a year. Have'you any reason toifoihkehe' would ever accept you as ;a lover?'* ; 'Why, I will confess ,$p you, Mrs. j.Ghiaapy/'. re sponded the youth, meeting her stern gaee with the fearlessness of conscious recti tude, 'that when fhe wrapped her arms found my heck last night and kissed me. I was almost emboldened to epeak outJ' '~ 