WOMAN'S PERILS. [Atx RianTS Resrhybd.] CANNOT credit I ? I the torriblo .. j truth I It soema like a wild dream.' With clu&pcd; hands ' : and tear-dimmed rr i ^ \ oyc s. a young +T girl ojaculatod these words, as sho stood gazing with a sad and sorrowful look at a flickering firo, tho wavering fliines of whioh throw out atrungo weird shadows upon tho walls of a largo and handsomely* furnished room. It was a richly-appointed apartment ; flowers not only decorated the VU309, but hung in say festoons around tho walls. Hare and beautiful oxotics they ' wore mostly greenhouse blossoms relieved by the dark . ovorgrcona with which tho.y wero entwined, for it is a night in January, a wild night of frost and snow, and tho flowers of summer have loug since faded and gone. 11 Very fair and beautiful was that ono girl, etundiDg thoro liko a spirit of the night by the glowing embers of the fire light A robo of white gouze, falling in transparent folds over a rich under- dress of satin, gave a gossamer grace to her figure which airy drapery alone can impart. A wreath of white roscn was bound around her brow, confining the gold on tresses which fell, unshorn and untutored, oven to her waist. What a contrast her gala dress and mournful attitude presented. That floral * garland —and those sad, dark, heavenly blue eyes all swimming in tsars. Wistfully tho young creature looked at a rich otmolu clock on tho mantelshelf, tho continuous ticking of which sounded mournful in the solitude. Lost in her sud revorie, the beautiful and lonely girl heard not tho opening of the door behind her— that door that oponed so Muwl.y and gently it seemed as though it woio turning on in visiblo hinges; and then, as (ho clock ticked in its monotonous, unceasing regu larity, a young man appeared there upon tho threshold of the chamber, his dark eyes glaring with a fixed stare at the unconscious girl befoio him. I ' 'Ella,'' at length exclaimed the intruder I , in a low hushed voice, 'the tones causing tbo young maid to start as if with electric fire. I ' Ob, Paul, Paul, is it you 1 ' she cried ; I and tho next moment, regardless of the ' ro^osshe was crushing, the beautiful gauze 1 folds she was disordering, she was wcoping ' on his shoulder, half enveloped in tho folds of his dark heavy travelling cloak, for the young man was habited for a journoy. 11 How palo you are, Paul,' said the fair girl, as she led her willing visitor to tbe fire. ? 44 Aod how beautiful you are, dear Ella, to- night; and how like a fairy queen in your goesummor attire;' and then, his voice ringing with a bitter mocking, he added : ' And they have dressed you thus so i hat you might appear still more attrac tive in tho eyes of tho villain and roue, Stainforth ! ' ' Yes, dear Paul, for, though 'tis ray natal day, I did not wish to bo dressed for my birthday ball — awaro that you were to be driven forth ; but our cruel uncle was inexorable, nnd I waa obliged to submit. Ho would have it bo.' Tho young girl here, her Hue eyes flashing, plucking tho wreath of roses from tho me^ho* of her wavy golden hair, cast thom at het feet. ' My banishment is hord to bear, Ella, when I remember, too, tbat it has been brought about by the scoundrel, Fred Stainforth*' ' And to that man my undo has pro mised my hund ! But I will never become liii bride, dear Paul. Far better death in tho lako than a union with Captain Stain forth.' Thero was a fierce, wild light in the blun eyes of tho poor girl, as, clinging shudder ingly to the stalwart youth beside her, she mouned in tho extremity of her despair. 'Why tulk of death, dear Ella ? Why not fly with mo this night — this hour ? ' Any reply she might have made to her lover wua now frozen on the lips of the un happy girl by a loud mocking laugh that echoed through the chamber, at tho half open doorof which stood a tall, handsome man of middle ago, whose oyes, like those of a hawk, glistened and flushed as ho gazed upon the young couple befoio him. ' Tho part of eavesdropper well becomes you, Captain Stainforth, but I defy you now as 1 did a week ago, and here, before my couain Ella, stigmatise you as a scoundrel and a coward.' 41 Your words of rap© und scorn have little weight with me, Paul Lomax ; I should be indeed a fool were I to noto the ravings and insults of a beggar and an out cast ; and for you. Miss Ella, I would advito instant retirement to your chamber whilst I conduct your couein out of tho house.' Vouchsafing no reply to this insolent speech, the lo/or, snatching a kiss from the lips of his weepiug cousin, with a haughty definnb stare at tho sardonic looking cap tain, strode from the apartment ; the poor girl, with dazed, wild, distrait expression upon her features, gliding past the trium phant Stainforth ; ber white, silverylook ing robes flut boring liko tho winga of a snowy bird as she disappeared from the chamber, loaving tho cause of her grief and despair alone. Hulf-un-hour after this incident, wrapped in tho voluminous folds of an Inverness capo, the successful claimant for tho haud of tho lovely Ella Thornton, stealing cautiously from Ellersloy Grange- and pac ing unperceived through the lodge gates, made his way along an avenue of pine* and, from thence branching off through the wooded precints of the old manor houeo, came to a halt as ho gained a little rustio bridge that extended ucrouu o small lake, now a glistening mass of steely-blue ico. The moon, shining brightly, cast a luminous glare upon park and woodland, its rays -'throwing in a lengthened shad w upon the ice, the tall mutlled form of a fenialo stunding, in the centre of tho rustic bridgo, and who, at the appearauco of the man, with a little laugh, hurried fotward to meet him. ' liostn. It is well you've come, Capi taine, for thou artmy rom (husband) whilst, bueno ! I am your romi (wife).' Another mocking insolent laugh Here escaped tho mouth of tho stiaugcr, who, throwing aside her veil, revealed tho dark, Han Jsome features and glistening m bs of a BUcayaa ; a bold, haughty, lovoly looking woman, but with a dash of tho tiger or the leopard in her largo black eyes. Thoro waa an audiblo curse from the mouth of the man of Mars, who prcsontly, in a harsh grating voice, exclaimed : ' I havo met you horo at your desire, Catalina, but, have a caro ! I lmve hither to remitted to you. tho stipulated sum t*o agreed upon when wo parted threo years ago at Paris. Why then, havo you now insisted upon this interview? and here, too, near the house of old General Stacey,'' 'Because you aro about to marry tho.old fellow's niece, and, because I, your romi (wifo) want money.' ?? You recoivod your quarterly allowance only lust week,' said the Captain in a thick guttural voice, rendered hoarse with sup pi cssed rage. ' Per Bacco 1 And supposo I did, Capi taino, what then ? I require cash, urgently require it ; and who should a woman call upon for money when sho wants it if not up on her husband ? ' ' And if 1 ret use this fresh supply.' ' I shall prevent you from committing a crime, dear Frederick, that's all.'* Thero was here another little ripplo of laughter from tho ruby lips of the Juno-liko beauty, ' You will prevent me committing a crime,' reiterated the enraged man as ho glared viciously, first at his compunion and thon round tho lonely and silent place of their meeting. ' lieuno I Bigamy, .dear Fred, ia a crimo, is it not ? ' 'How much money do you want?' ejaculated the enraged Stainforth, pay ing no hoed to the female's last sneqriug query. . ' Caramba ! I thought we should come to terms ; and as you did love me once, Capitaine, I'll not be hard upon you. Let mo havo a thousand pounds to-morrow, and five thousand more the day you marry that little blonde (tho old fire-eater, General Stacoy's niece), and I'll trouble you no more.' ' And if 1 am unable to find this largo sum ? ' ' ' You must find it, Capitaine,' ' Or el^o ? ' ?fc You'll lose the little blonde and her fortune. Bah ! I've been too considerate, too moderate. I've not asked half enough.' 'You've asked moro than you'll get from me, you gip*y jade,*' said tho Captain, fairly now bolide himeelf with rage. ' Oh ! Carajo 1 That's ib, is it ? ,Beuno! you defy ino, Gipsy, am I ? Well, I am gipsy enough to tell you your fortune, Cap* tain Frederick Lascelles Stainforth. If you are not very soon hanged you will die in prison. I have gob those forged bills of Do Castro, and I have but to say the word when the law will bo on your track. Per Bacco ! what do you say to that 1 ' There was no reply given to this speech ; a wild, shrill scream presently, however, echoing in tho frosty air, accompanied by the splintering crash of broken ice as a humun form hurled over the bridge, with a horrid, harsh, grating noise, sauk into the frozen waters of the lake. Wildly the wintry wind howled through the wood of Ellersley Grange, as, branded with the mark of Cain, Captain Stainforth like a hunted hare, dashod through the copse after leaving the frozen waters into which he had so remorsolesly thrown his unhappy victim. The moon, hidden now by the masses of cloud, all was dark, gtim, and drear ; feathery flakes of snow presently falling around the ossassin as ho sped wildly on in rage and terror, having lost the path. Tho loafless trees, liko giant spectres stretched oub their broad branches gaunt and weird, or, waving in the blast, seemed beckoning to that orouched bent form us it hurried on liko a vile and evil spirit of the night. Tearing and plunging recklessly on, the man of evil passions, as he became more involved in tho deep recesses of the woods, grew dismayed and appalled. A paroxysm of supernatural horror now seized upon him as he entered a glade or avenue lined with trees, thick furs, and undergrowth. Total darkness, deep, black, and dense, now enveloped the murderer ; the trunks of the trees now and again looming out as a break occurred in the snow- ladon branches ubove, that, interweaving, formed a kind of frame on which the descending snow rested like an awning. The ghastly cry of the owl, ' tuwhittn who,' followed by theronowed shrieking of tho wind, at length caused the asraBsin to come to a halt. Panting and exhausted from his mad flight, ho now, resting againeb tho trunk ot a pollard oak, glared round half domented by fear, rage, and horror ; for, tho darknens now less opaque, ho fancied tlmb in the gloom he perceived a shadowy form hovering among the brush wood, and closely following in his wako. With a groan and a deep-breathed impre cation at this suspicion that a something was tracking his footsteps, he ouce more dashed wildly on, only some four hours after that meeting with hie luckless victim by the lake, gaining and entering, unseen, the hall of Ellersloy. It waa at a lato hour of the morning on the succeeding day that, pale, haggard, and ill he presentdQ*- himself to tho Generul's niece as she was silting disconsolate und alone in tho library. lieceived with a chilling hauteur and fear combined, Captain Stainforth, affecting not to perceive the coldness of his reception, oxclaimed : ' I havo just left your uncle. Miss Ella ; he is far from well, and has a M range fancy that our nuptials should take place without delay, suggesting a special license for tho purposo.' Thoro wn3 a half-defiant, exultant tono in the voice of tho claimant for her huud tlmb roused a rebel spirit in tho bosom of the young girl, who, with clenched hands aud fuco of marble, starting up and pointing to the whirling snow, that in fantastic eddio* flew by the casement without, ex* claimed : ' By some dread means you have gained an ascondoncy over my uncle, and have moulded hitn'to your wishes ; he, ao fierco and determined; givos way to you in all things. By some fell agency you have be come his master. You won upon him to turn my hauless cousin Paul from the roof that has sheltered him from boyhood ; you havo now extorted from him a consent to our instant union But know, Captain Stainforth, I would sooner this hour prefer the alternative of a winding sheet of snow than bccomo your wife.' A dark evil look gothered over the features of tho rejected suitor, aud, iu a I trsh, grating voico, ho exclaimed : ' You have defied mo ! You would pre* fer death rather than becomc my brido ! Well, we thall see, Ella Thornton. Per- 1 haps, mad girl, you may alter your dect*- , ion n month henco ; thore aro various ways of taming a spirit suuh aa yours. I leave you now. Mrs llorpor, your uncle's most trusted sorvantuwill conduct you prosontly to your ohamber.and whilst in your present obstinato and defiant mood you will not be allowed to ioavo the houao.' With a sardonic smile, tho man of ovil pulsions Was turning to quit tho room, when ho star tod back with avpry of fury. 'A word with you, Captuin Stainforth !M* 'Paul Lomax, boggar and^' outcast I what means this return to your uncle's home ? I am master horo now, and if yoa do not instantly get hence, you shall bo limited off by tho hounds.' * ' Not bo fant, Captain Frederick Stain forth ; I am not alone.' 'Not alone?' In a husky kind of whisper, these words wero reiterated by the j captain, as standing in tho corridor without, | he caught sight of another figure, that, tall and erect, and shrouded in a black j mantle, was stationed behind tho smiling ! nnd defiant Paul. j 'I am not alono, Captain, Ihavoal lady with me.' ' A lady 1 ' a livid pallor now stole over the face of the startled villain, who, as that shrouded form glided into tho library, etep by stop drew ; back until, gaining thp casement, his further steps wero arretted. ' You don't look well, Capitaine. Per bacco ! You gaze upon your poor wifo as though you took her for a ghost.' ' 'Catalina I God of Heaven f Catalina ! !' gasped the wretched mau, wlio now in wild horror, throwing up his arms, with ashriek( of maniac fury, hurled himself through the casement. Thcie was a crash of splintered wood and broken glass ; and. then, upon tho affrighted group glancing without, they beheld the body , of tho suicide a huddled-up heap upon the^stone court-yard below. (Jpon descending into the grounds, the .wretched Stainforth was found to be quite dead ; besides other injuries his nook being brpken. Catalina, his wife, rescued from tho frozen lake the night before by Paul, remained for many months at the Grange, assisting at the marriage of Paul Lomax with his loved cousin, Ella. The jld man, their uncle, by every means inhis'power striving to .make up for hiB harshness in the past, when his lovely nioce was persecuted and suffering a Woman's Perils. 