SIR ARTHUR SULLIVAN REBUKED. The following good story is told of Sir i Arthur Sullivan. Some time ago, when a ohange in the cast of one of his operas had been made. Sir Arthur, who happened to be ' dining at the Savoy Hotel, slipped away for a few minutes from the table, and went into 1 the theatre to the upper circle, there to hear , and judge for himself as to the capabilities ' of the new artiste. As the play proceeded, j and a favourite score in tbe opera was taken ' the talented composer unconsciously com- ' menced to hum the refrain as he desired it j to be rendered. This considerably snuoyed ' his next door neighbour, who abruptly re- ' marked, ' Excubb me, sir, if I mention the 1 fact that I have paid my money to hear Sir * Arthur Sullivan's charmiug opera as given by the company, and not your confounded ; humming.' — Sir. Arthur returned to hiB din- : ner and related the incident with great ' gusto. ? I ' Npstasie, how many times must I tell ' you not to look at men ?' ' But, mamma, thev always look first.' V She (coming upBuddenly) : Where did that wave go ? He (coughing and strangling) : I swallowed, it. %* As soon as a man is comfortably settled at reading on Sunday, his wife finds out that ] he is occupying the corner that she has not ' swept. N-- #.# Fond Mamma : Bobby, Bobby, whatever makes you so restless ? Bobby : Having to keep still bo much, I suppose. v ' What is your profession 7' ' I write — poems, novels, romances, plays etc.' ' And what do you live on 7' V She : Our minister does hot jump at con clusions. He : I should say not. I never knew him to reach a conclusion in less than an hour. V Mrs. Slenderbuild (flattered) : Why, my little man, do you think i .could tell you a good ghost story ? Boy : Because you look so much like a skeleton. Sawdust is turned into transportable fuel' in Germany by a very simple process. It is heated under high steam pressure until the resinous ingredients become sticky, when .it is pressed into bricks. One man, with a two ?horse power machine, can turn out 9,000 ! bricks h day. . | 