A FATHER'S WILL OR her own mistress. A ROMANCE. CHAPTER VIII (Continued) The words fell from Charlie O 'Shea's lips in a tone of angry defiance. He was while as death, ;and his -face was drawn and haggard, and there ! were- violet circles beneath the beautiful dark eyes which told the tale of long hours of sleepless watching and longing for rest Who can' rest when the heart is on . the rack — crushed, bleeding, ground to fragments by die tortures of a suffering more terrible tban the torments of the Inquisition? ' You are a false villain !' thundered Charlie once more j ( but, David , Hartley, your time has come 1 Down upon your knees and say your last prayer, for 1 am going to kill you !' j There was a flash -of silver as the shining barrel of the revolver shone and glittered before David Hartley's dazed eyes. Pallid and trembling, he stood erect, and stared into the wild, despairing face "of the balf-insane man before him. ' ' I do not speak falsely,' he said, slowly and calmly — so calmly that in voluntarily it crept intoCharlieO'Shea's numb, bewildered brain that the man was speaking truly. ' Myra Hartley is married. How could I maintain the assertion if it were not true? She was married to Tristram O'Shea this morning — even now the wedding- guests are at breakfast. When that is over, the bride and groom will leave at once for Ravenswood, which is to be their future home. Be calm, Charlie, and listen tome. I am speaking the plain truth— why should I speak falsely ? It was all a mistake — your fancy for Myra and hers for vou. all a mad mist-air. and Myra is sensible, andshe has learned the truth at last It was hard for her to make up her mind to the truth, but she could not help seeing thartiermarriage with your brother would save much suffering to other people, and so she consented. I swear to you before high Heaven that she consented of her own free will. But that, of course, you must know, for a marriage against Myra Hartley's, will could hardly be en compassed. There was no force used in regard to her decision, no pressure put upon her. She came to me one morning in the breakfast-room and said, quietly ; ' Uncle David, I have changed my former decision. I have made up my mind to marry Tristram O'Shea.' This is true. I swear it ! And now she is Tristram's wife, and that is the end as far as you are con cerned. ' Tristram's wife !' - Charlie faltered the words forth in a dazed way. Just Heaven ; no ! David Hartley, she is my mino its flie etnkf a J «,m J Wiuv VIIW aigui Ul VJUU; but for your cruel plot, your wicked scheming, she would be my wife now in the sightofman. Outof my way, wretch! I am going to my wife!' He was moving towards the door of the room, with an awful purpose in his heart and a mad impulse to see her and be avenged. At the door David Hartley over took him and laid his hand upon his arm. 'Charlie!' in a' low, commanding tone, 1 be brave, be a man!. Why trouble her now, since, right or wrong, the deed is done, the word is spoken ? She is TristramO'Sbea's wife, and you can never be anything-to her — never ! Believe me, Charlie, it is true, quite true !' ' 1 will not ! You - are false, false to the core, David Hartley 1 Do you ask meto believe you— you'' from whose vile plot I have ' jost escaped? Unhand roe ! Stand back I say, A swift thought, like an inspiration, swept over David Hartley's h.eart I will prove it to you, O'Shea,' he said. Come with me, and you shall see the bride 5 and then I am sure you will be convinced. Vou shall see- with out being seen, Come." Without a word or gesture, Charlie -O'Shea followed Hartley from the drawing-room down the long hall :: to _ the wing . of the building which contained the dining-room. ConnecteiT wiih it was a large oloset. Hartley- ledthe way tohis closet, and CbariiiT O'Shea stepped inside. There' ; seas a door gbirig out - from the closet . .into the dining-room ; over this door -Cwasa ainallcreri(te,-quitelargc enough, : ; howevorbr a glimpse Af the . . interior of the room.'' Charlie stepped- upon a box and applied his eyes to the aperture, \- .hilo.iDi-Vid'Hariiey hastened hack to is guests. , lpw groan passed Charlie's '€ ipsaSfiisgyesfeHnpoh the scene with- fjlniheirung-room. , . .... . ||SiAQhgwMeittering with silver and Lifccbra ted ; :|®Hth|fipvrp%! Afihe bead of the table, KSriwleamingtimwith'bdorous orange. . ijtat!aaow;3qheen,vfesat Mrs. hand-; the gh»InBlfl1ilnJfeavind-;SiSdme , smile MMMftiwage'igerness IMSmI»iifthiftatlil|i an'da Upon one finger the wedding-ring nung loosely But he did not see that she was wearing still the ring that he had given her — a small diamond, like a spark of fire— for it was half hidden by the big solitaire that Tristram O'Shea had forced upon her. Her white hands moved about listlessly as she partook very sparingly of the dainty viands be fore her. All at once Charlie saw the wedding- ring which not two hours ago was slipped on her finger with the solemn ' with this ring I thee wed,' drop troin the small finger and fali to the floor. The bridegroom saw it tin fact his eyes seldom left the pale little bride, for he watched her continually. He stooped and picked up the ring. Myra let it lie besideherplate, and thebreakfastended — that repast which to her had been so unearthly solemn and long, which had seemed like a feast of death. The bridal party and guests left the room, and the wedding-ring lay upon the table, forgotten. Pale, and panting like one in an awful pain, Charlie O'Shea flung open the door of the closet and faced David Hartley. That gentleman would be no whiter when he lay in his coffin than when he marked the awful light in the eyes of the man whom he had betrayed. They stood there facing each other in dead silence, alone in the deserted room, with the remains of the elegant collation, the dying flowers, the intan gible perfume. Charlie's eyes wandered over the scene — through this banquet- hall deserted — and a wild flash brightened their darksome depths as they fell upon the wedding-ring lying forgotten on the table. With a single bound he snran? fflriranl. anri cnatrfiinrr it up, tossed it through the open window far out into the grounds beyond. It fell to the ground and Charlie turned away. Now,' he panted hoarsely, as he faced Hartley once more, ' I am Teady to settle with you — you villain ! David Hartley, one of us must die ! I am de termined upon it ; we shall not bolh leave this room alive I You have a re volver? Very well. Stand here, David Hartley : we will fire at each other across the table where she sat and entertained her wedding-guests — she, the bride of Tristram O'Shea! The base villain I He has stolen my sole hope of happiness ! The betrayer of innocence I Ah, Tristram O'Shea. 1 have it in my power to punish you ! I will brand you with an ineffaceable mark ; I will make your name a mock and a by-word before the world ! But no, I will wait The vengeance of Heaven will find him out. But you — you who were the abettor and instigator v»« "I1J villain IUU n llU Iltt>C helped to ruin my whole life — 1 intend to kill you, David Hartley I Come, are you ready to fight?1 Be it remembered that Charlie O'Shea had seen quite enough ; in fact, knew quite enough of both Hartley and his precious brother (to be known fuily to the reader later on), to render him, for the time being, quite irresponsible for words used, or intentions to be de termined on. He was not the sort of man who either would or could kill any man ; to him the thing would have appeared too wickedin any of his insane moments. Hartley's face was pallid with fear; be was trembling in every limb. ' No, no I' he panted, wildly ; most certainly not here in my house ; and the, wedding festivities scarcely over I I must retumto my guests now, O'Shea — I really must — or (Heaven forbid it !) they my seek me here. My wife or Plottrhft mmt enma t/i ihir v/\a>m nt aamubuir may wim. IU 14J13 lUUill moment, it would be horrible 1 O'Shea, I must go ' ' You shall not !' Charlie O'Shea'seyes flashed like the eyes of a madman. ' We cannot both leave this room alive I Dtvid Hartley, one of us must die ! Draw your weapon !' There was a flash of a revolver's silver barrel. An ominous darkness gathered aver David Hartley's face — a sudden, mad resolve. There was a loud report, a groan of agony, a heavy fall, and Charlie O'Shea was lying upon the floor with the blood streaming from bis side. Pale and still, David Hartley stood gazing down upon his work. The sound of footsteps coming in the direction of the room made Hartley start. 'He slipped the revolver into his pocket and opened the , door to admit a group of startled ser vants. .' Lift thisman quickly, 'he commanded, -and carry him out to the gardener's cottage. He has hurt himself — see the revolver. in his hand. Take him away before the company shall suspect thai anything has happened. - The man lie addressed had recognised Charlie 'O'Shea's face. It , was the same- servant who had delivered Charlie's .hard to Myra that day long ago. The Other servants were strangers, and had no idea of the true slate of affairs.1 Hartley slipped , a sovereign into the, Ifand of the old ' servant— the man who had identified Charlie. He understood. . . ' I .will say nothing, Mr. Hartley, you inia 'depend upon it,' be said,' in an' Undertone., , .. . tndthen Charlie O'Shea'sunconscious jform was lifted from the floor and borne .'sjaftlybrough-a side entrance into the groundlto a near cottage in the rear of ahc?s1iouse,.>pnce occupied by the gWenmyut nawepipty. I' was com- fbrtably furnished. They laid the insen sible man down upon the bed, and a physician was summoned. Within the mansion the wedding- guests had listened to a fanciful ex planation of the shot which they had beard, and no one suspected anything unusual, save that the absence of the host had provoked com ment And so Myra went away from her uncle's house to Ravenswood. She did not know that she left behind her, almost under the very roof that she had left, the only man whom she had ever loved. Well for her that she did not know all, for theknowledge would have driven her mad. CHAPTER IX. AGAIN AT RAVENSWOOD. The journey from St. Elmo to Ravenswood was a miserable one for Myra. A rush of bitter memories over powered her for a few moments at the eight of Ravenswood. She recalled the time when she bad seen the old house last, while sitting in the carriage at her uncle s side, with Tristram O Shea standing near — Tristram O'Shea, whom she had repudiated, scorned, despised — to whom she could scarcely force herself to be courteous, and yet here in this short time — this pitifully short lime — she had come back to her childhood's home Tristram O'Shea's wedded wife, She felt her heart grow faint and sick as the remembrance flashed over it. Could it be possible ? Was it really Myra Hartley who had undergone this dreadful change ? No ; it was not she that had changed, but circumstances, surroundings, influences. Say what you will, there is nothing like surrounding circumstances to influence and alter and control one's life. In vain do wc strive against theirpower; circumstances to a large extent, regulate our lives, and we have little option in the matter. So there in the pale shadows which gathered about the lovely old place, about the distant pine-woods and every shariv nnnt and hncku Hell, thoramsnf was driven slowly up to the entrance, and in a moment more Myra was stand- ins upon the verandah of her old home. ' -repitable door was flung open wide, .: standing upon the threshold, with !ki kindly face full of eager welcome and lender affection, was Mrs. Rice She was really the only human being about the place for whom the girl cared, and perhaps the only person, except one other, for whom she cared in all the world. Myra cried bitterly. j Airs. Rice's honest face wore a look of distress. I There, there, honey— dont cry ! i Don't worry so. It will all come right, ! honey,' smoothing the beautiful golden hair from which the travelling-hat had \ fallen unnoticed to the floor. Oh, Miss Myra, Miss Myra," — in an awestruck lone — ' why did you marry him if you didn't want to ?' The pale, tear-dimmed face was lifted, the earnest, sad eyes flashed. I 1 M. h I? ISH M 4 A/1 fh A Alrl eAfllai J'Ull L ; pillllCU tut )>><> 3UIH. ' Don't say a word, Mrs. Rice. He might hear you. ar.d if he was to send you away : 1 would go too I' Nay. nay.' '1 would go, too. Listen, Mrs. Rice. Believe me and pity me, for inv heart is broken. I hale him ! — hate that man, and he is my husband.' ' Nay, don't ! Oh, darling, don't say- such dreadful things ! You have sworn to love, honour, and obey.' Myra laughed recklessly. ' I do not love him. and I cannot honour a had man who as trapped me into a marriage against my will, and as for obeying him' — she stopped short, shaking her head, the red lips com pressed, the eyes ablaze — I will not ! Mrs. Rice, I shall never be a wife to nim, you see, if I neither love, nor honour, nor obey. It is all a farce between us — all a farce 1' Tristram O'Shea had gone out to in spect the stables, leaving his bride to UlCLdlC l?f llic iiuuav.ni.wj/ci j iiivis>IUIV| this conversation failed to reach his ears. Perhaps it was just as well for Myra that it was so. The housekeeper conducted Myra up the broad staircase to her old room, and the girl shut herself within. What passed there, when she was alone, with no eye but God's to see her, no one will ever know. The lamps were lighted, and the big, bare drawing- room looked like an illuminated sepulchre when Mrs Rice rapped at the door of Myra's room, and begged her to come down to dinner. Myra opened the door, and at the sight of her Mrs Rice fell back with an ex clamalion of shocked surprise. Myra's face was white and drawn, her eyes heavy with weeping. She wore a loose while wrapper, her hair was hanging in an immense braid down her back, her small feet were thrust into velvet slippers. I cannot eat anything, Mrs Rice, thank you,' she said, calmly, ' I shall not go down to-night' 'But Mr O'Shea!' gasped the house keeper. 'Mr O'Shea may do whatever he likes,' Myra said. He certainly can't dictate to me in regard to my move- ments, as he drove me into this mar riage. If my conduct does not please him, well, he can go .his way. I wish he would I' Mrs Rice shook her head ruefully. ' My child, you are only making trouble for yourself,' she said, sadly. ' And yet 1 cannot blame her — the poor little creature,' she added, low under her breath. 'I would do the Same myself. Tristram O'Shea is a bad mau 1' She went away, and returned after a time with a dainty repast upon a silver waiter. . y Come, dearie, youUft eat some thing, ' tbis good old isoul insisted ; ' and I will stay and sfiare your dinner with vou, lust as -vou used to -come to my room long ago and dine with me Long ago I Dear, dear, it seems like a . hundred years.' Myra echoed the sigh which escaped Airs Rice's lips. She felt old and world-worn — this child of not quite nineteen. Surely she had seen enough of the world, and to spare. Mrs Rice had just removed her dinner-tray and gazed at her wan little face. She then left her alone. Myra leaned her elbows upon the marble top of the dressing-room, and rested her chin in her two rosy palms, while she stared at her own reflection in the mirror. ' It would be much better to be dead she said, aloud And then she became suddenly- aware of a presence in the room, and turning swiftly she saw the door was open, and standing upon the threshold, gazing upon her with eyes full of ad miration, was Tristram O'Shea, Her face flushed an angry scarlet. ' How dare you ?' she cried, in an angry tone of voice. He smiled and advanced into the room. ' I am your husband, Myra ; you forget,' he observed, suavely. ' Don't i look so indignant, Alyia. well, since it annoys you so, 1 will go back to the drawing-room ; but it's very lonely there without company — and this my wedding-night. Come down, Myra : will you not ? No matter, your lacc is charming. I never knew before you were so lovely. Come down and en liven my solitude. It is horrible to be alone. I never court loneliness, 1 | assure you. There is something un canny in the silence of a house. And when I sit alone I fancy all sorts of things.' ' Don't I For mercy's sake, hush !' she intervened, in a voice of terror. ' I will go downstairs, if you wish.' He led the way with alacrity, and Myra followed him in her pretty white wrapper, but not a bit like a biide. Once within the drawing-room, she sank into a scat and leaned her head upon her hand, gazing into his face with tranquil eyes. ' Well,' she asked, coolly, ' what have you to say to me, Mr O'Shea ?' He came swiftly to her side, and threw his arms about the slender form. She recoiled with a cry of anger, indignation, disgust. ' How dare you ?' she panted. ' Release me, sir ! Oh, heavens !' — as he drew her into a still closer embrace — ' if only Charlie were here 1 He would punish you as you deserve, you coward !' For just a moment, astonishment I and anger held Tristram O'Shea I dumb Hia arms relaxed their grasp ; she writhed away from his embrace and stood in the centre of the room, pale and angry. Her long hair had come unplailed, and fell over her shoulders in a splendid golden slu -wr. She siood there angry and wralhlui, the gold-brown eyes ablaze. ' Well — I must say !' Tristram O'Shea found his voice at last, and the awful silence was broken. ' You must be mad ! You are my wife, Myra ; you belong to me. Yet when 1 venture for the first time in my lifp tn nut inv arms nhctni vfiii. I am repulsed, scorned, defied, and Charlie O'Shea is thrown into my lace as someone to protect you from me ! To i protect a wife from the love of her j husband !' | Myra sank into a seat in outward | calmness, yet she was still in a lage. She was dazed, bewildered ; there was a nunrb sensation in her brain, and a feeling that she was a helpless captive, bound hand and foot, and no hope ot j escape. Yet Tristram O'Shea spoke i truly. He was her husband, and to him she owed lave and duty. He was her husband, but The gold-brown eyes flashed with mad defiance. i ' 1 will make him rue the day that j he married me against my will she ; muttered, hoarsely. ' 1 will make him ! regret the part he has played in this cruel farce Ah! you cowardly villain, it were better (or you il you had died before you forced me to become Mrs Tristram O'Shea !' CHAPTER X. UNMASKED. 1 Dear Tristram — I shall call to see you to-morrow, at leu, in regard to the busi ness lately discussed by us. i am afraid that we Ehalt hare a acene with Myra when she discovers the trutli about Ravenswood, and ihut the entire estate really belongs to her. 1, as her guardian, of cour-e, nad a right to manage the businea tu suit myself, so long as no lew was infringed. Will arrange with ynn about the settlement to-ntoirow. Try to break it gently to Myra— Yours as ever, ' D Hartley.' The foregoing was a letter front her uncle, sent about a week alter the ar rival at Ravenswood, for the private eye of Mr Tristram O'Shea alone. It had been left carelessly lying open on a chair in the library, and Myra read it. After reading it, pale as a ghost, she went straight to her husband's dressing- room and knocked at the door. Tristram opened it, and, at the sight of his unexpected visitor, fell back with a sharp exclamation. 1 Ah, indeed I quite an honour, to be sure. To what am I indebted for the pleasure of your company here, Mrs O'Shea?1 She laced him with calm, accusing eyes. 'This!' she panted, brokenly. Tristram O'Shea, this letter lay upon a chair, open, in your library. Thinking, of course, that it was not private, I read it. I demand to know- what Uncle David means 1 If it is as 1 1 suspect, then, so help my goodness, 1 will blazon his infamy and yours to the world I You --shall Ire marked, branded, ostracised 1 No one will name you but with execration. Ah! Tristram O'Shea ! did you and Uncle David really expect to carry your game through without detection? 1 tell you God is jusl, and 1 watches over poor, friendless creatures like myself, and 1 do not fear.' To be Continued. 