CHAPTER 1IL Axlboheua. X first, of course, Bufton thought that l his friend vras ^ I merely ro ^ €> ■'!* mane in? in tlie light-hearted manner of youth. To conviuce liim that this was not tlie case, the young man described bis adventure fully, ex patiating on all the | details. ''You'd been dining youngster," observed I Cufton, when he had } heard everything. " ily uear Jsilly, l d only bad a pint of hitter ale, aud I was as sober as a judge. I saw exactly what I liave described, and am entirely at a loss what to make of it. Savo for the circumstance of the boat, I should he inclined to think that the whole thing was supernatural; but goddesses and water spirits don't go about iu boats, and I'm convinced that what I saw was flesh and blood." . "Hum affair^" muttered Button, "if you'i not lying.f ;eilic I'm telling the simple truth. Who the deuce could the person have been?" "Young bargee, perhaps, having a bath by moonlight." . "Absurd!" cried Somerset, indignantly. " I tell you it was a woman." " Female labourer from one of the marsh farms, having her annua! wash "There are no farms in that direction.and no females. It's the most desolate and out of the way part of all the island. Suppose wc call in old Endoll and consult him? He may be able to explain matters." "Endell's busv," said Bufton, nodding his head towards the room-door, through which there caxno the murmur of loud laugh ter and gruff voices. A parly of m m from Gravescnd had landed from a bar<e, and joined by some fishermen from Leigh, were thronging the lap-room which adjoii ed the bar. "I should keep Endcll out of it lor the present," continued Bufton. "He'll only think we're. chaffing, as usual. Writ tiff morning, youngster; your wits will be clearer, and we may hear something." So it was decided, aud presently the two friends retired to rest in their rooms up stairs, two small but habitable chambers which the old woman o'f the house bad made fairly comfortable. Long alter they liad retired the noise continued to come from, be low, but at last the last wayfarer was thrust out, the door closed and bolted, and silence reigned in the Lobster Smack. Too excited to rest, Somerset remained for hours " en deshabille," smoking and gazing out into the night. The window of his .room commanded the little haven and the dark reaches of the adjoining~river. He watched dark ships passing to and fro, with strange ghostly sounds in the darkness; barges and Hshing boats drifting down with the tide; ■lights flashing and moving; and over all the moon, still radiant, rising higher and higher towards the zenith. But his thoughts were elsewhere—far away in the old world of fable, or down among the lonely marshes where his dream of the past'seemed to have i assumed a human form and likeness. At last, tired and weary, he slipped into bed. He was just dropping off, when he heard feet moving and voices murmuring outside his bedroom door. "Quiet!" said a voice which he .recog nised as that of his. landlord; " quiet, or you'll wake the gentlemen." Another voice replied in a whisper; it seemed too clear for that of the old dame, but that, Somerset thought, was only his fancy. The next moment he was fast asleep, dreaming that he was Adonis the hunter, or some such happy creature of the old. days, chasing the goddess of Love and Beauty through the moonlit groves. Again and a«rain he came near and was~about to seize her in his arms, but again and 'again she vanished laughing, despite his prayers and entreaties. He awoke very early, as was his custom, but early as he was the sun was up before him, preparing the .glories of a splendid, summer morning. He slipped on his clothes, threw a towel on his arm, and went down stairs. No one was as yet astir, for neither Job End ell nor his wife belonged to the class winch rises with the lark. He peeped into the taproom aud bar; they were dark, and smelt unpleasantly of the fumes of beer aud spirits. Unbolting the door he slipped out iuto the fresh* air, which was already warm with sunshine, only the suu was still low in the east. A stroll of a quarter of a mile brought him to a little inlet of the river, where he was accustomed to take his morning bath. It was about mid-tide, and the.water, though brackish, was clear and refreshing. After a plunge and a short swim he returned to land, dressed, and went for a sharp walk along the sea wall. Curiosity brought him again to the scene of his last night's adventure. How different it looked by daylight—bereft of the glamour cast by moon and stars. The water in the j creek was low, and the banks 'of hard mud j looked black and ugly. All around on the j marshes hung folds of damp mist melting J away with the warmth of the midday sun. He leapt down from the wall and stood on the tiny promontory where the Vision had stood on the previous night It was covered with coarse seagrass and loose stones, with here and there a tuft of white candy wort and a flower of the dandelion. He stooped down, and, Crasoe-like, saw, or fancied he saw, marks like the print* of naked feet. • Then, still greatly puzzled, he waited back to the inn. By tnis.tnne the landlady was up and astir. The front door a»d the lower windows were wide open, and he saw Mrs. Endell moving about within, tidying the sitting-room. He sat down on the seat in front of the inn, and lit his pipe. As he ; did so his attention was atracled to a small rowing-boat, stranded on the banks of the haven—a canoe- like boat with two light paddles lying in it, and its name painted, "The Seamew," in white letters on the stern. It was drawn up close to the tiny dingy of the yawl, which was anchored out in the muddy bay. "Hullo!" shouted a voice, and looking up he saw the head of Bufton projecting from his bedroom window. " Hullo, Billy! . Coming down?" Bufton nodded. "I say,? continued Somerset, pointing to the rowing boatj " who does that belong to? It wasn't here yesterday." "Your Venus perhaps," returned Bufton, grinning cynically and disappearing. "Til question the old man," muttered Somerset, rising and preparing to enter the house. He had just crossed the threshold when he heard the landlord's voice in the bar talking eagerly to someone. He pushed the tap-room door open, aud strolled in. The window had been thrown open, the fumes of overnight had disappeared, and close to the window, looking out, stood a young girl, at whose unexpected appearance Somerset paused in amazement—his surprise being twofold, surprise at finding 'there a strange young person* of the opposite sex, and surprise at her wonderful personal beauty. Hair as black as night, yet shot through where the sunlight struck it with chestnut gleams; black eyebrows which nearly met over her forehead, giving to her face in moments of passion a strangely troubled and almost sinister expression of power and intensity; eyes large and gray, shot with agato rays; a perfect Grecian nose, with nostrils delicately dilated; a full ripe mouth, slightly open and disclosing ivory teeth; and an alabaster complexion,1 darkly tinted on the cheeks with the sunny ruddiness of a ripo pear. Such was the girl's face and head, and the form matched them in come liness, from the white throat to the finger tip?, and thence to the shapely feet. Her whole appearance gave an extraordinary appearance of.youth and strength, combined with agilitv and grace.. Her dress was that of a peasant girl or fisherman's daughter; a dark petticoat of blue scrgil reaching just above -the ankles, above it a white jacket or " short gown," of cotton, open at the throat, coarse woollen stockings and rough leather shoes. Her black hair was gathered up in a kribt, and secured by a net- or snood. ~' As Somerset approached her she looked at him witli the utmost self-possession and the faintest shadow of a suiilc. "1 beg your pardon," he murmured awk wardly, "i—I was looking for Endell." As he spoke the landlord appeared bchiud the bar. ■" Now then, Anniedromedv I he said, " don't stand idling there, the missis wants All right," answered the girl, in a.clear riuging voice, and- with ;uiother glance at Somerset, a Parthian glance which met him full iu the eyes, as she passed htm by and left the room. Utterly amazed Somerset stood for some moments looking after her, then glancing towards the bav he met the crafty eyes of tlio landlord, who was leaning over and watching him keenly. " Who's that?" asked the young man. "That?* repeated Kndcl!, with liis stereo typed grin. " Our gel. Anniedromedv wc calls her, and so she were christened." Curious name," murmured Somerset. You're right, sir," said the old man, contideiiliallv, " and she's a curious girl. But she's a spanker for all that, ain't she? With a wonderful pair of eyes m her figure head, eh? But, harkee, governor," he con tinued, sinking his voice, "don't let the | missis catch you looking at her and admiring I of her! She watches her as a cat watches a | kitten, the old woman docs. She wou't let eren me be extra civil." | Who is she, though? Surely not your: servant!" " Well, no, not exactly that, though she's got to make herself useful. She helps my missis a bit when she's in-the humour, does Anniedromedv, but bless ye, she's a queer little devil, and does pretty much as she pleases." ."I didn't know she was here," said Somerset, more and more puzzled. "When did she come*:'!. ".She came last night, sir, arler you* was a-bed. The old woman didn't expect her, but I did." Somerset started. A new light flashed suddenly into his mind as he exclaimed: " I've got it! She came in that boat which is lying on the shore in front of the inn. Am i right?" •• 14 Sure enough you're right," was the re ply. " She. rowed herself over from Leigh at high water, and dropped iu like a" ghost when me and the missis was. at supper." Somerset's next remark, or rather ques tion, was a peculiar' one. Leaning- eagerly across to Endell, he,asked in a low voice: "Can she;—can she swim?" The old man opened his eyes, and then, tickled by the question, burst into a hoarse chuckle. ~ "Now that's the rmnmest question ever I heerd!" he cried," "Answer it, for all that." "Oh, I'll answer it straight enough," returned the landlord. "Swim? Lor* bless you, she can swim like a duck, she can, and slip under water like an eel. There ain't much she can't do in that line, mister, or in the boating line, or the sailing line, or the fishing line. She's half* mermaid and half able seaman is our gel." At- this moment the voice of Mrs. Endell, calling "Job, Job Endell!" in peremptory tones, summoned him awav. He winked rind Ins 1ms sirrnificarltlv. and touched his lips significantly. '•Mum's the word, sir," he said, "especi ally aforo the old woman." The effect on Somerset of that meeting with the young girl and of Endell's mysteri ous hints concerning her was somewhat peculiar. Instead of hastening to pour his •news into Bufton's ears, as was generally his custom, he became suddenly taciturn and uncommunicative. While they were break fasting together in the parlour, waited on as usual by Mrs. Endell, he ate and drank like a man in a brown study, fidgeted in his chair, and once or twice began whistling a tune. , "What the devil's the matter with you?" demanded Bufton, who had been observing him for some time quietly. "Eh? What? answered Somerset, start ing. " Nothing's the 'matter!" he added, irrelevantly. " We're going to have another lovely day." There was a long pause. Bufton began making his preparations for work in the open air, while Somerset sat smoking on the sill of the open window. " What are you going to" be up to to day?" asked Bufton presently. The young man did not secin to hear, and the question was repeated., "Perseus and Andromeda!" murmured Somerset, as if to himself. "Eh? What the deuce do you mean?" " Nothing, BiUy, only—n He paused and met Bufton's astonished gaze; then as if suddenly tickled by the humour of the situation, he began laughing and singing the following doggerel: Anniedromedy's her name. And England is her nation I Canvey is her dwelling-place, Aud blessed be creation! " Hang me if I can make you out!" cried Bufton. - "Hang me if I can make myself out!" said Somerset, laughing.* "It's this way, BiUy! Pm transmogrified, as I told you last night into a jolly young Greek of the pre historic period. This isn't Canvey Island at all—it's Ileitis. Old RndeUs a King cf the Isles, and Mother Kndell's a Sybiliino oracle. As for you " " Look here," exclaimed Bufton, strolling over to him and putting a strong hand on liis shoulder. " Either you've made soma new discovery or you're going off your head?" "Both, Billy, both," was the instantanc ous reply" I've tnnde a new discovery and I'm going off my head. So would you," he added emphatically,, "if youd seen what I have seen." Well, what have you seen, you moon calf?" " First, you must swear, by aU the gods, . to keep my secret!" "All right," said Bufton, grinning. "Wc'J, then, hear and wonder. The vision that I saw last night has become a reality this morning. My Venus Anadyo mcue has clothed herself iu modem raiment, and 5s here—here in the-Lobster Smack. She came hither in yonder shallop—as I suspected. She arrived at hush of night, when you were snoring. I have seen her, I have spoken to her. Her name is Andromeda —or Anniedromedy in (he Boric of the vulgar, and oh, BiUv, I adore her to dis traction !" Whereupon, ho proceeded to cxp'ain in detail what had taken place,—his meeting' with the strange young girl, and his subse quent conversation with the landlord. Bufton listened'quietly and then observed with a shrug of the shoulders: "I sre! Job Endcll's 'gel,' as he called her. ,A kitchen wench! A maid-of-all work! Your swan tarns out to be a goose as usual • Substitute the word ' duck,' and I'll ac cept your description. Wait till -you've scon her, that's all. Butiniud, mine is the iirst ca'j I If she sits to anyone she sits to me: \- " Take my aclvice, and whoever the gill is, let her alone,7 said Bufton. "If you dCn'fc I shall have to warn her that you're a young fool who falls in Jove with every petticoat he sees. We're down here to study, not to gallivant, and by Jove, if you don't behave yourself, I'll soon put a stop to your- ' philandering!" So saying, Bufton • sallied forth, carrying with him his portable easel and other materi als for sketching. He was soon busy at work under the shade of his umbrella.' As for Somerset, ho seemed at a loss what to do. He fidgeted over his sketch-book, toyed with his colours and..brushes, went in and out of the room, ever with both eyes and cars alert towards lhev recesses of the inn where tho mysterious maid was hidden. At, last he joined his friend outside, and sitting down on the form in front of the inn, placed his sketch-book on his knees and 'began drawing The day advanced, and there was no sign whatever of the new-comer. From time to time Airs. Endell appeared at the windows or at the door, while Job » was busy in the bar, waiting for customers who never came. The day was close and sultry, and a mist of mingled sunshine and vapour hung orer the marshes. Beyond the little haven, steamboats, ships and barges passed to and fro continually on the River, but the sounds they brought with them only made the silence which followed the deeper and intenser. At midday the two friends partook of' a frugal lunch in the open air, for indoors the heat was positively unbearable. Job' brought out a small wooden table, and placed dt in the shadow of the inn, Mrs. Ended laid the cloth and brought out the meal—cold mutton and salad, with' bread and cheese. All the time Somerset kept his eyes on the door, and mado frequent excuses to rijrrSuifiJtfeg. \ house and up to his bedroom. Still there \ was no sign of Andromeda. * " This is beastly," he muttered, scowling at his companion. ""Where, oh where is iny divinity?" Bufton grinned mockingly. "Your divinity is a female of the name of Harris," he said, alluding to a well-known creation of the immortal " Boz." " * I don't believe there's no sich person.'" His back was towards^he door of the inn, which Somerset sat facing. Suddenly he saw the young man's face chauge and brighten. "Don't you? Look there!" —7* Turning"quickly on his seat, Bufton saw* at the inn door the very individuac^shtffe existences he had been doubting. She was ; standing on the threshold, shading her eyes with her hands and gazing across the haven in the direction of the River. She was ap parently quite uuconscions of, or indifferent to, the presence of the two men. Somerset, however, saw his opportunity. Holding up the tankard-which he had just emptied, he knocked vigorously on the tablev with the handle of his knife. The girl turned, nodded, and came towards him. * "Yes, sir?" she said, quietly. "I was summoning Mrs. Endell," he re plied, looking up into her face with a self assured smile. "The fact is I should like . another half-pint of ale." ' The girl nodded again, took the tankard, and ran into the house. The eyes of the two men met. "Well?" exclaimed Somerset, triumph antly. "Is that (he girl?" said Bufton. " That, sir," replied Somerset, with as sumed pomposity, "is the individual whom you have coarsely designated Mrs. Harris I Tell mo honestly what you think of her. If you are any judge whatever, which I doubt, of the female form divine—" "Shut up!" growled the other, as the girl reappeared, carrying in her hand the replenished tankard, which she placed down before Somerset. The young man seized the tankard, and'faowing smilingly lo the girl, raised it to his lips, still witlThls eyes fixed on liers. With perfect self-possession she returned the gaze, glanced quietly at But ton, and then, turning- carelessly away, walked down to the shore, and began ex amining the rowing-boat, which was drawn up high above water-mark. 44 * prink to me only with thine eyes, and I will pledge with mine!'" murmured Somerset, with a wink. "Your health. Anniedromedy." He had.stink his voice to a whisper, so that it was impossible she could have heard him, but as be pledged her, she looked fo rwards him with an amused smile. lie waved -tbd tankard towards her, and she turned laughingly away. 44 Isn't she splendid?" said Somerset. 44 She's not bad," replied Bufton. "Mind what I said to you. She's a good little girl, I'm sure, and you've got to let her alone. If yon don't " . Ho was interrupted by Mrs. Endell, who i now came from the inn bearing some fruit— ' apples and oranges—on a willow-pattern • plate. As she placed them down on the i tabic sbe glanced towards the girl with an * expression the reverse of amiable, and then . at Somerset, who sat smiling into her face. "Shall I get you some more ale, mister?" she asked, frowning. "Thank you," replied Somerset, "the young- lady has already done me th*t hon our." "Ckafihig as usual," muttered the old woman "^here's no young ladies here, mister. If you mean that lass yonder, she's no call to wait upon you—that's my busi ness. Yon let her alone, and she'll let you alone; that's my advice to you." "Come, come, mother, don't lose your temper," cried Somerset, still with his pro Yoking smile. "I ain't losing my temper neither!" re turned. Mrs. Endell. " But it's no use talk ing to you, mister; you're too full of your ' impercnce." She turned to Bufton'and ad dressed herself to him. "You see, sir, she's under my care, and I've got to look arter her." \ 4\A relation, I suppose?" asked the elder \- man. "Well, not 'xactiy a relation; but I knows her people and she's under my charge, so I'll take it us a favour, sir, if you'll re member that. She's no caU to be hereaways at oll just now. I was hoping she'd. *tay at Bayleigli till you and your friend had gone." So saying, with another grim look at Somerset, whoec sentiments towards young persons: of her own sex .she evidently dis trusted, she sailed back to the inn. On the threshold she paused and called out: 41 Anniedromedy!" The girl looked up from the boat otbt which she had been bending. Mrs. Endell pointed into the house as if to imply that the girl was wanted there, and disappeared across the threshold. ' , ' "You heard what the old lady said?" observed Bufton.' " She has evidently the most perfect comprehension of your rascally character. If you don't mind you may get f*froth the girl and yourself into trouble." "Rubbish!" cried Somerset, springing up and looking eagerly towards the subject of their conversation. "There is a mystery and I'm going to solve it! By Jove, she's launching the boat! I suppose she's going out for a row!" ' Such seemed to be the case. • The girl \- putting out all her strength was endeavour ing to push the bjat into the water; but although the boat was very light, the shore was muddy, and the task was no easy one. In a minute. Somerset had joined her, despite .-tie*remonstrances of Ins friend; who tried to call him back. "Let me help you," he cried, eagerly. Sho smiled and nodded, and with his assis tance the-boat was soon floated. Indifferent both to mud and water, Somerset stood holding the boat, while the girl leapt in, seated herself, and seized a paddle to push off. But the young man still clung to the boat, though he felt himself sinking ankle deep in the muddy tide. "Take care, sir," cried the girl, "you 11 get yourself wet!" 44 Oh, never mind," was the desperate re ply. " May I ask where you are going?" ^The girl laughed and waved her hand towards the river. "I suppose I mustn't come with yon?" said Somerset * She looked at-liim, with a little shrug of the shoulders, Her dark eyebrows contract ing, her eyes inspecting him curiously. Then she shook her head, with a glance towards the inn. 44 At least, you'll do me a favour. That's our yawl floating there, at anchor. I want to get on board and——" 44 All right Jump in," answered the girl, carelessly. • ' In a moment he had sprung into the boat, almost upsetting it in his eagerness, and. had sunk down in the stern, while the girl seized the paddles and rowed from the shore. The yawl was only a hundred yards away, and they approached it rapidly. 44 You needn't row so fast," cried Somer set, smiling. . "I'm not in a hurry!" Tho hint was entirely thrown away, and I before any farther remonstrance could be made, they were alongside the yawl. ' Somerset did not stir. " It seems a shame lo leave you," he said. " Shall .we change places and——" , Another emphatic shake of the head, and another glance towards the inn, close to which Bufton was standing in company with Mrs. EndelL 44 Would you nuud telling me your name?" j said Somerset. *' Annie," answered llie girl. " Auniedromedy?" Tlie black eyebrows were again contracted, and the eyes flashed almost angrily. i "Just Annie I" answered the girl, with evident impatience, motioning him to step on board. Thus urged, he clambered on to j the yacht, and swift as an arrow the little | boat shot away towards the river. He took off his hat and waved it to his new acquain tance. She looked back and nodded. The •frown had faded from her face, and her eyes twinkled merrily. * " Annie—not. Anniedromedy," muttered Somerset. " She's Andromeda to me for all that; and if there's any dragon to be pol ished off, I'm ' on' to play Perseus I" j [to be continued next week.] 