FROM LUTHER TO LECKY. THE INFLUENCE OF THE AGE. The World, the Flesh, and the Devil appeared in violent form in the 16th century. They were typified in the worldliness of Henry VIII., who made himself first Pope of England; in the licentiousness of Luther, an apostate monk who married a runaway nun; and in the darkness of Calvin who taught that God had made the vast majority of men expressly in order to damn them. What caused this termble outburst? The Middle-ages faded with the 14th century. Towards its close, the world woke up in an excitement, „which, in the 15th cen tury, became feverish, and in the 16th, grew to frenzy. First came the break ing down of the barriers of space. Those were days of great sailors like Hawkins or Drake. Vasco de Gama had rounded the Cape of Good Hope, and, from out the unknown depths of the Western Ocean, arose a fairyland of gold and gladness, a new world. The deeds of Cortes in Mexico and of Pizzarro in Peru startled men's dreams and strained their hopes. Literature, too, welcomed the dawn of a brighter day. Crowds of Greek scholars from Constantinople had been scattered over Europe, and the classics were opened to eager eyes. Printing changed the intellectual world and freed knowledge from its bonds of musty parchment to take part in every day life. Art saw new visions on the -reathing canvas or speaking stone cf Raphael, Titian, Michael Angelo. The old chivalry passed away with Bayard and Gonzalro. A more material age began. Underneath it all there was a silent yet strong current setting in against the old feudalism, and the people began to think of their power. It was all so new and so strange! The agitation of the age broke in on .the calm of religion. Men's minds were delirious with expectation. They were tired of the old. They must have Something Novel. Excitement looks for something extrava gant. Everything else was new. Why not have a new Christianity? Martin Luther presented the world with a new religion. Christ gave His Church au thority to teach. Luther gave his fol lowers leave to define for themselves their own faith. Christ imposed His moral law. Luther freed his followers from any duty but trust. Christ chose Saints as Apostles to found His Church. Henry VIII. selected himself to be the 're former" of the sanctity of the Church. Christ told men that God is iheir Father. Calvin taught men that God was hating and hateful. It was ail veiy new, quite unlike the old Church and the old Creed. But, it was the "Reformation" that burst out and away, like blood from an open wound. Through that wound flowed forth much that had been bad within the Church. Some poisonous matter remained to cause fresh trouble in the 17th and 18th centuries. The Jansenists were Calvinists in dis guise, some of the spirit of darkness. The worldliness of Henry VTII. took new shape in the Four Articles; and Luther's ghost masqueraded as Goddess Reason during the French Revolution. Gambetta, Rousseau, Voltaire, are logi cal links between Henry VTII., Luther, Calvin, and the anti-cleric, the Hedonist, the Rationalist of to-day. The modern perils from within show symptoms of paralysis. The outside action of anti clericalism tends to deaden all influence of the Church. Its inward action, on the part of those who think they love their Church yet truly hate their pastors, is to alienate the sympathies of the people from the priest. Hedonism, the prin ciple that pleasure is the only aim of life which kills the nerve of honor and wastes away the muscle of duty, has its counterpart, within our Fold, in an hys terical abhorrence of Christian mortifi cation, and in the forgetfulness of the right law of Christian love amidst the hurry and excitement of extravagant De votionalism, Rationalism is the youngest child of the spirit of darkness. It is not the first time in history that the An gel of darkness assumed the shape of an Angel of Light. Rationalists say "they love truth for truth's sake," and I doubt not some are sincere. But Rationalism is irrational. Mr. Lecky, the prophet of Rationalism, wrote: "Rationalists think that they are only following their own reason, when they are merely "in fluenced by the age." Again he wrote: "Freethinkers take essentially Christian conceptions. They revolve rouud idols of Christianity; they represent its spirit without its doctrine; they derive all their strength -and nourishment from Christian ethics." Now as Mr. Lecky remarks, "a secular atmosphere has form ed about men's minds." He indicates a result _ of this: "No religious doctrine can ^resist the conditions of the age. Opinions opposed to the age perish by in difference. They are relegated to the dim twilight land, not of death but of the shadow of death, the land of the un realised and of the inoperative." Yet in the first place the doctrines of the Church have always been for nineteen centuries opposed to the conditions cf each succeeding age. The Church as similated when she had not created whatever good there was in the character of each age. She has survived its evil and conquered its antagonism. In the second place the doctrines of the Church are as brilliant in their light and as living in their influence now as ever since the strange good tidings. 