THE STORYTELLER ' THE TRANSVAAL DESPATCH. Thank Heaven, it is all over I I can breathe freely can vaguely group show that one fatal slip of mine, at a moment when the Beales in the Transvaal were balancing so breathlessly, might have I come near to spelling a national disaster Looking back, it all scorns di earn uko-iilcrcdiblo. My hard-earned holi- day-I had worked in the Cape Government office nearly three years without one was not due for six months more. Five minutes before the chief of my department called me in and handed me the locked leather case I had not the faintest idea that I was to be let off those six months and, moreover, to carry despatch invested, in the light , of possible events, with an importance beyond words. " There it is. You thoroughly under stand ? Straight to the Colonial Office, and don't lose sight of it for a moment. It may mean war; it may mean nothing. Whether or no. a dozen newspapers in London would pay any price to be able to publish it before it is read in the House of Commons ever, it is. And if that happened 1 Your berth has been booked in the Cape ' Castle, and you start to-morrow morn- sings That was it. I know I went in a quiver of indescribable suspense all the voyage, partly for fear anyone might discover what it was I guarded so , jealously in that corner of my cabin, and partly because I was free free to marry Lottie, whose last quivering words had been " Go, if you must, ' ' BrianAif it means advancement ; but I never expect to see you again !" And ' here was (southampton in sight, and in my pocket the superb blue diamond who was to wear on our wedding day. What an exquisite surprise 1 She would know nothing until the moment when I sent in my name. The one person in the world I had dared to trust was her brother. Jack ' Hamlyn, the oldest and best friend I ' had. I had telegraphed to his rooms from Madeira, just hinting that my luggage was valuable, and telling him to meet the vessel at Southampton and even in that I had taken the pro- \- caution to use a crude code that we had concocted in the old romantic days at school. His would be safe company until the despatch was delivered, and then-but the rest was too intoxi- ' eating to hear flanking upon. I AS lost The Cape Castle had kept ; her time in most) to the hour. Fooling just a trifle sick and strange after the long suspense, I had passed the Customs, and stood staring round for a ' sight of Jack Hamlyn. The telegram ! had surely reached him he would understand it he would be here well ( in time? Yes! A few minutes of : uncertainty, and then: Brian, old ' fellow-yes, it is you I" struck on my strained ear. . "Jack" I spun round almost con- passively. Himself and yet some ' how, the first shrill over, I felt something like a chill of disappointment. ' Was it that my old chum s hand had i scarcely the old boar like grip - In the ' lamplight, too, he looked curiously ' haggard and aged. I stood, with a sort of prescience. " Overcome, Brian A I hardly wonder -all this time I Oh, aye ; I forgot- , I've given up my beard since you went. And we both laughed. "This ' way ยก I'm simply dying to hear all j about it." He had my arm in the old impetuous fashion now. " Been wait- ' ing hours 1 No, not a soul dreams of your having arrived-trust me! Lottiol Er yes, she's right enough, I believe." "Believe?" I stopped dead. His ' voice had trailed off strangely. "Jack," ' I whispered, huskily, " you look you've ' something to tell me. Isn't she isn't she just the same ? Her last letter- " ' "Why, of course " He laughed so boisterously at ray whitened face that the weight slipped off my mind as ' once. Nothing had happened !" Do ' you think I'll deceive you, Brian ? " ' no was saying. " The idea Another ' twelve hours or so, and you'll have the joy of seeing the old flush dance into her cheeks. But what was it you meant in the cable about-" " Twelve hours ! I'm going on by the first train - now, at once. I must? Instructions - straight to Colonial Office, you know." 1 "Really?" It was Jack's turn to a stare now. "Those, now, and I've taken the trouble to get rooms at the hotel close here, and a good race all ready for you, thinking you'd start home first thing in the morning. Why, I doubt whether there's any train to night-all the passengers are stopping. Besides, you couldn't see Lottie till to-morrow, anyhow, could you ? " " No, of course not Only " I stood a minute, turning it over. One night could make no difference-the authorities would not be in attendance till morning. I had landed safely, and Jack was here-dear old Jack Hamlyn. " Come along, then ; you take the big box, I'm glad I wired now." Fifteen minutes later we were sitting in a private room at the hotel. The despatch was safe in my small trunk. If only Lottie could" see us at that minute- how her brown velvety eyes would widen ! If only the London editors, eagerly competing for informa- mation, had guessed at the contents of that little leather case " Just imagine 1 " Jack repeated. craning himself over the red coats. I had just told him there was no secret in the world I should have dreamed of withholding from Jack, "Eh? I'm looking awfully queer? Pooh, it is you who have taken in a fresh stock of vitality out yonder. Dad and the others ? -yes, all going well and strong." " All ? " I dropped my voice was touching on the family skeleton hero. "Er-you don't include Wilfred, of course? No change or hope in that direction, I suppose? I've never heard a word of him. " And you won't' Brian !" Jack whis showed that, with a hand to his eyes he had been the last to baboo that escape Grace brother of his, I knew. " He doesn't count-a hopeless outsider we don't mention his name, if we can help it. Living ? No one knows at \- least, its some days since he last came trying to squeeze more money by lies from me, and and you know what I've done for him in times past. But drop that now. You wrote home about some diamonds- do show me 1" "Turned them all into cash at a profit," I laughed ; all except one, that I've had set in a brooch for-you can guess who. It's in the big trunk : you can see it when you go up to bed." " So we chatted on, allan irresistible drowsiness crept over me. I was doing as Jack talked i and soon after 6 o'clock I caught up the small trunk and declared for bed and a clear head in the morning. The morning-the significant morning ! I should be thanked by the Colonial Secretary himself 1 . . . Up we went. Oh I my buzzing brain ! Try as I would, tired as I felt, I could not quite succeed in losing consciousness. Had I done wrong in staying here to-night the delay of even those few hours mean . danger was I quite sure I had locked that door ? Most provoking 1 Once or twice whispered to Jack in the bed opposite, but only a prolonged " Church " answered me. Finally, I gave up trying, and lay framing Lottie's oval face in that Havering reflection of the gaslight overhead. Heaven alone knew what it had meant to leave the woman one longed for, and now ,, Oh what was that tJ A look down stairs had just struck "from time, and 11 .. ( A . at the last stroke Jack had swayed i silently up in his bed, and sat staring across in my direction. A query was on my lips, but I could not seem to sound it. Perhaps my eyes were nearly closed, but I could see enough to make me He perfectly still, while a kind of a mysterious misgiving crept through me. Why, I hardly know I must have been inspired by sheer instinct. But Jack over there, he had lifted himself out of bed, with a queer stealth he had taken a step, and still he stared across in that unnerving way. I wanted to spring up and gasp an end to the of port, . but there seemed a mesmeric numbness i in my limbs. Why, on that craned face ' of his-almost chalk-white is looked in the low glimmer of the gaslight between us-was there an indescribable expression of mixed dread and evil? Merciful heavens ! did it mean that I Jack, my oldest and dearest chum, who t had chased butterflies with me in the meadows 20 years ago. . . One more stealthy step, as if to make < quite sure of-yes-of my sublime un- e consciousness. Now, lie was hesitating, i like a man weighing all the odds for and against some design ; now he was slipping on his clothes, . . . Fully dressed, hat, boots and all ! He took something from his pocket, stole across quietly, and dropped it ever so lightly it across my face-a silk handkerchief, The thing seemed too para- c Pysing for sanity. I remember I counted just sixty-a minute of nameless horror for me and not till afterwards did I know why I made no sound or sign. ? Then my teeth closed on a fold of the , silk, and drew it down a little ; I could j just see. ... If ever a man's heart I stood all but still through sick amaze- ment, mine' did then. The Transvaal despatch ! He meant to steal it-to , sell its signed contents at any price- J toset England ringing with news that { might hurry on an awful crisis ! The key in my trousers pocket ; he had found it, opened the small trunk-was of half-way to the door with the precious leather case. He was gone-no-he t hesitated again, tip-toed back, and was j, on his knees beside the big box. Jack t Hamlyn, the brother of the woman at whose love had been my guardian , angel -he alone knew of my return ; I he meant to rob me of my honour and v of my valuables besides. Think of it ! Perhaps a minute ] passed-and he had not found the blue diamond. Of course I Another minute, and he would remember that, after a making it Hash before his eyes, I had it placed it in the belt pocket round my waist, along with a roll of bank notes. ยก To come at that, he would need to ( rouse me to kill me ! . And he would do it. Of a sudden hot got to his foot-had recollected. And r now-did I live a hundred years longer, I could never forget how the cold sweat j crawled out upon me at that moment of -his hands were plucking back the t bed-clothes. .... " Thief 1" " The one choking word burst from my lips as I panted up. Thank heaven ! 2 That contact had broken the un- j accountable lethargy, and for the next moment I know nothing except that I f really had him by the throat in an j insane grip, forgetting all but the one monstrous fact that he had attempted the most despicable part that a man ; could play upon another. What next ? Why, there was a brief, blind struggle t -deadly shook and baulked design on this part, and incredulous passion on of mine. And then-then I had sent him 1 reeling back to the floor in a spasm of t loathing. Just the one dull bump- t there he lay, quite still. of Dead I did not pause to know, > Dazed, trembling with the reaction, I ] had only a wild longing to be out of the place before he stirred. How I c dressed I shall never know ; but in a a minute or so I was at the door, the > despatch safe in my pocket. Down the \ staircase 1 work, and perhaps, luckily, c there happened to be no one at the of hotel entrance to intercept ino, or worse , might have happened. Now I was out, in the sweet night air, hurrying I had no idea where. Only to leave the place I and that prone scoundrel behind ! , Heavens ! that struggle was shuddering , upon me still. The precious despatch i -the Colonial Office. , , ' , " Brian 1 Brian ! . . It's Brian I ( Quick-hero " W-what was that? The wild cry, from a woman's lips, pulled me up and partially back to sense before, as it seemed, I had gone a hundred yards. | " Brian I " rang through my confused brain. Was that was that Lottie's ) own dear voice ? had the world come to its end ? It was wholly too much I for my strained nerves ; there came a , sort of blank. They told me afterwards ( that I caught at a railing and slid down a beside it helplessly. Why, yes think of it ! t A sob, a broken " Thank God ! Oh, I thank God for this ! "-and my eyes opened What a dream ! My Lottie ( herself, white and sweet, holding both , my hands. Quite enough ! After that of know what the touch of firm ground to the feet of a drowning man must be a " Get it, dear the diamond- for the wedding " I recollect whispering up, in quite a childish ecstasy. " Shines so A beautiful " " Better, sir ? " asked a policeman, A "Aye, better now, old man?" echoed another deep voice that startled me to my senses as nothing else could have done. Why, the man who had been supporting me in his arms , " Back ! " I gasped, staring wildly. , " Yes, yes, we know all - or we guess, Never mind, so long as we're here in time. 'Sh, not a word now, for his own sake, if not ours " He whispered it in my ear and I know it was indeed my Jack Hamlyn, if only by the touch of his beard. "Tell us all' afterwards. I've blundered and a scoundrel has taken advantage of it to try on the dirtiest trick of his' contemptible life. Wilfred I . . . Hero, constable, it's all right ; show us a decent hotel " " In less than an hour I had come out of darkness into sunshine indeed, and was able to see to the end of what had seemed an appalling mystery. My fatal slip-my cablegram in code ! Jack, it appeared, who _ rented bachelor apartments near the city, had received the message from Madeira in due coarse. Mystified at first, he had at length managed to translate the words into sense, and made arrangements to be at Southampton to meet the vessel. On the all-important day, while at breakfast, he recollected some vital business affair, and hurried off to catch his business partner, leaving the message and its solution beside his plate and, in that unlucky interval, something happened. Wilfred, his scapegrace brother, had called therefor money, doubtless, as he often did-seen the message, and quick trained as he was unscrupulous, had instantly conceived some idea of meeting me in the character of Jack and making off with the valuables I had hinted at. How ? There was Jack's coffee on the stove the landlady said Mr. Hamlyn would be back inside half an hour- the schemer saw his likeliest flash. The half-hour had sufficed. With- out knowing why or how, Jack had come out of a deadly stupor late in the afternoon, to find that the looked door had been forced, and Lottie and doctor, sent for by his landlady, bending over him. Drugged I-probably with the bulk of the very opiate which had been put into my own glass at the hotel, hours later. Only recollecting that Wilfred had been there, and had seen the telegram, Jack instantly went off to catch the evening express to Southampton-and, needless to say, nothing in the world would prevent the woman I loved from accompanying him. An anxious tramp with the policeman through^Southamp- ton streets, making inquiries every- where-and then I had rushed by them like a ghost. Yes, it was a clever plot conceived so swiftly, and carried out with a stagger- ing success-only that my overwrought brain had resisted the drug and turned the scale just in the nick of time. And not the least strange part of the affair was that, making inquiry into that eventful night, we found that Wilfred Hamlyn Ima contrived to come to his senses and slip out of the hotel un- noticed-with only my small tin trunk and its few contents to compensate him for his cunning and risk. _" He is welcome to that says Lottie, with tears in her eyes. And all things considered, I agree. For, as it turned out, the contents of that despatch were never divulged to the public. In the light of subsequent events, I can only tremble at the thought of what might have happened had they seen the light of day in the columns of an enterprising nows-shoot.-Til-Hits, i 