BAUPLE JOTTINGS. WHAT 18 IT? l'Rv ' Sjt Anr.nn AHN '1 December3. Snakes are very nuineroas just now about here, and the farmer who roams through cultivated field or grass paddock without seeing one, or more of these reptiles is the exception. They appear to be in endless variety, from the harmless carpet class to . the most venomous species. It may there i fore be imagined - what an assortment ot tales respecting some of these come from I all directions, many of a most incredulous character to swallow, which would require sonsoning with much more than the pro vorbial grain of salt. But all attention has for the time being been attracted from the snake, and is now centred iii another direction, and no matter what neighbour one meets, one of the first questions, if not the first, asked is ' Have you seen the ghost'? For some time I gave but little credence to reports and scoffed tbe idea, until some friends assured me there was something in it, no I sought for in formation, and what follows contains as nearly as possible the factB concerning wbat I can only term a most mysterious apparition. Some of tbe residents living between the mountain and the mill have beep losing their rest more or leBS for the past few months owing'to a nocturnal vision, which has caused much conjecture, and has so far bewildered all who have experienced it. According to some accounts this phantom takes the appearanoe of a deep red colour ; others say that it is exactly like a red light thrown from a large. laD tern,-'-' ThiB light keeps some 8 or 4'feet from the ground, and travels or sails over-Toads, fields, paddocks, fe., and skims across fallen scrub or grow ing sugar cane, but never sets fire to any thing. It has been Been at fences! close up to verandahs, and near windows. One lady witnessed it several times. Tbe wind ap pears not to affect its progress or course, which is sometimes of a somewhat tortuous nature. On several occasions parties have been formed to try and solve tbe mystery by hunting it down, but so far without success. It appears to be able to evade all pursuers. It generally makes its first appearance-about 9 p.m., so tlie other even ing a resident of the haunted locality had a few of his immediate neighbours to tea, but before partaking of the repast they discussed the situation, and all being thoroughly acquainted withthecountry, which, by the way, is more than ordinarily rough for night rambliRg, fixed the position each ' would take, with the object- of surrounding it. Ridiculous as it may seem to outsiders, the' fact is these gentlemen sat down to tea with revolvers in belts and guns loaded leaning against- the wall, _ repdy at a moment's notice for any contingency: The meal was' not interrupted, but in due course the game appeared and the armed warriors sallied forth,jt-ut In tbe rugged country it could easily, outstrip' its 'jjursuers. 'They once got within 30 or 40 yards of it, when it suddenly vanished as one might snuff out a candle, and reappeared oversomeetonding cane a' few .hundred yards to '!he left of the party. On farther pursuit is dis appeared altogether Joe that _ night. On : another occasion- it is said to - have beep surrounded in a ploughed ' field, and the cordon being drawfl towards tbe centre! curiosity ran bigb, for it was felt the mystery was soon to bs unravelled ; and when success, seemed almost beyond' doubt it onpe mpre disappeared, leaving the com pany dumbfonndefed &nd; . more bewildered than ever. Wben close pressed, as described above, the $ame dpes not rush here or there, HP pr dpTft hut s}tnply£Qes out of existenoe, as it. were, 'Just .as an eleptno - -light would wheii switched off. Kanakas in the lopality cannot ' be -induced to _go outside after dark/fearing 'Devil Devil,-' as tbey desoribe'it to be. What- truth there is in the statement I know not, bot I am told tbe light vpas £r@t feen to fise at a particular spot of fallen scrub -where a skull bfifl b%- unearthedpa short time freviouslyj and there ie much specu lation fis to whether -thecal!/ was iibttt if^awbitam^ Tha'fuetibnvvev6f,wShyiame^airtiSgboen Tirat iseen-at;:this jpsj^alaf %U-ra,'?wt»;-u;: likely as WoV a eMncWbnoe^'faudi -we^nnet -wait farther developments 4-efora'tribwing .' anything definite ? - AllVefeel ;jdBtified.jn i saying etpreseo$ is.^ItSsneUher^jmmrnort wpinan it is neitheribruW tiori jintnan1'-^ 5 Wliat One geUjtired ^irbnioUng 'ther weather, but the- . country all rotmd 1b parcbed — ^literally burnt tip. Ofkngo and othBr fruit^ trees are in a most deplorable condition, the leaves being curled up like ao many cigarettes, and ialmost'ilead. ';* 