An Austral Maid. A Story of Australian Life. BY MRS. ALAN SUTTOR For the Gazette. All Rights Reserved. — ^t&&&H;&* — AGREY afternoon late in autumn. A road fairly good, here cut through great walls of rock, there fenced to make it more secure ; for occasionally it overlooked precipices which even a mountain goat would have hesitated to climb. Behind and before, some few miles distant, lay splendid station properties, consisting of thousands of acres of rolling downs, green with waving grasses, rich in flocks and herds. To right and left snugly nestling midst mountain ranges were several free selections, taken up mainly, I regret to suggest, not by the useful and also ornamental farmers who would have been much better suited on the fertile plains below, but by individuals who apparently had never developed the bump which enables us mortals to distinguish mine from thine. Metaphorically resembling the lilies of the field, they yet were never without fresh beef and mutton in galore; good horses to ride and run at country raee meetings ; and any number of unmistakably well-bred cows, by milking which and selling butter in the neighbouring townships their wives and daughters ( poor souls, as a rule they worked hard enough !) replenished the family exchequer, and obtained the wherewithal to bedeck themselves for the publichouse dances to which the bushmen from far and near came in troops on high days and holidays, such as Boxing Day, Easter Monday and Queen's Birthday. Hand some stalwart sons of Australia are the bushmen ; daring riders, splendid shots, hot lovers, hard drinkers, swearers, and fighters ; yet, for the most part, honest as the sun and brave to the core—as they are proving to the world to-day. Richard Yorke, the manager of Toomera station, rode smartly along the road toward the largest township in the neighbourhood, a place boasting of no less than three banks. With the manager of one Yorke had important business. A light rain had made the road in places slippery as glass ; and more than once the fine blood horse he bestrode had all it could do to keep its footing. The rider took little notice of these trifling mishaps as he pressed along at a hand gallop. His face wore the pre-occupied expression of one who communes with his own thoughts. Under the circumstances they should have been pleasant. When a man who for five years has had to ' bullock ' early and late, ( in the interests of an employer whose business incapacity had well-nigh brought him to ruin, and made his fine run a happy hunting ground for all horse, cattle, and sheep stealers in the district ), unexpectedly finds that by the demise of a distant relative he has come into sufficient cash to enable him to ' chuck ' the job of managing for another and start squatting ' on his own, ' he ought surely to be capable of looking at the bright side of things. But Yorke's gaze was moody and his mind ill at ease. His heart was at war with itself. Even in the patter of rain on the fallen leaves by the roadside he seemed to hear the low sweet tones of a woman's voice ; the very breeze seemed to waft her tresses against his longing lips. He deemed it strange that until a year ago no woman had ever had power to trouble his peace, though more than one had looked approvingly on his stately height and handsome face. But now— his heart was restless, thinking of the slender, girlish figure, the dark, grey eyes, and nut-brown hair of Jess McDonald, the only child of Bob McDonald, a daring and skilful rough rider, but also one of the most cunning horse thieves in the country. An odd thrill went over Yorke as he recalled his first meeting with the girl, in the dining room at Toomera, when a clergyman was holding one of his usual monthly services at the homestead. He remembered that he had considered the sweet seriousness of her face positively angelic, from an artistic point of view, of course. Her father also had been there ; most orthodox and devotional to outward view—like many of the rest of us. Yorke learned afterwards that Jess had coaxed McDonald to take her to church. His one tender spot was the love he bore his young daughter and her dead mother, a good woman who had vainly sought to turn him from the crooked path, but whose dying wishes he held sacred. In accordance with these he had contrived to have Jess well educated in a neighbouring township. When she was twenty-one she had come home to keep house for her father, and the first Church Sunday afterwards had made her debut at Toomera. Since, Yorke had spoken to her several times. Each time, despite the warnings of prudence, he had drifted nearer and nearer to the haven or shipwreck of a great love. He was no libertine to wish to woo the girl to dishonor, even had such a course been possible; yet to marry her, he told himself, was equally out of the question. She was not of his class. Possibly she was not what he believed her, for sometimes the code of morals current in the bush is none too strict. Yet heart, soul, and sense arose in revolt against this last view of the case as he remembered the steady light of her sweet eyes. Yorke pulled his horse up sharply. Just beside him was the turn off to McDonald's selection. If he went, round there he might see Jess, and say ' good bye.' In a few days he would be finally leaving Toomera. Midst fresh scenes he would soon forget the sweet folly into which he had been unwittingly entrapped by a woman's beautiful eyes. All the world was before him wherein to choose his mate, yet all his pulses were madly abeat at the thought of seeing this one woman once again ; and without giving himself time for further reflection he turned his horse on to the narrow bush track, whilst the words of an old song rushed o'er his heart :— " There's but one path on earth, my love The path that leads to you " As he rode up to the selector's dwelling Jess came to the door. Het dress was of dark blue, plainly and stylishly made ; for during her many years sojourn in town it had become second nature to the girl to garb herself daintily, Her shining hair was twisted into a great knot at the back of her shapely head. Yorke's coming had brought a flush to her cheeks and a deep glow to her velvety eyes. The clouds had broken a little in the west, and as Jess stood bathed in the yellow sunlight's gleam she was as fair a daughter of Australia as one could wish to see. Yorke doffed his hat as she smiled a welcome. He did not dismount, but leaned from his saddle to shake hands. ' Is your father in ?' he asked. ' We're going to do some cattle mustering to morrow, and I want a few extra hands.' She looked up at him smilingly, happy in the joy of his presence, Not even to herself had she confessed that there was but one man in the world for her, only she knew that at this man's coming, life had changed from grey to gold. Her small work-roughened hand caressed his horse's arching neck. ' Father's gone across to Ford's, I think,' she said, ' bat he'll be home to tea. I expect he'll be willing to help. I'll tell him when he returns.' ' Thanks !' said Yorke. ' I called round to inquire because I'm going to Warrandong, and won't leave there till ten to-night. I see you have some flowers remaining.' ' Oh ! yes,' she answered, brightly, ' We've only had one frost, to speak of. Next spring father intends fencing a good garden for me,' York stooped closer to the girl, and there was an odd quiver in his voice. ' Give me the flowers you are wearing,' said he ; and his rebellious heart beat so loud and fast that he fancied she must hear it—perhaps she did. She grew a trifle paler and quieter, but gently detatched the rosebuds from her brooch and handed them to him without a word. ' This must serve for remembrance ; and ——good bye,' he said, as he made pretence of fastening them in his button hole ; but, despite his resolution to speak no word of love, hip strong brown hand shook and his face waa ashen under its healthy bronze. ' I am going away, for good, next week.' ' Going away !' she repeated mechanically. Had the man dared to allow himself to look upon her face he would have seen that the light had faded from her eyes, and her soft lip? were rigidly compressed. Yet her womanly pride rose nobly to help her endure the sudden blow. ' Yes !' he answered. ' I intend setting up for myself in the squatting line.' ' I wish you success,' she said steadily. ' Ah ! here's father. Now you can see him for yourself about the mustering. Good-bye, Mr. Yorke.' Her voice broke ever so slightly as their hands met. Then she was gone—and with her seemed to disappear the glory and gladness of his manhood. McDonald rode up and bade Yorke a surly ' Good evening !' They spoke a few words regarding the mustering, which McDonald readily agreed to attend. Then Yorke resumed his journey to Warrandong. ' How long had that fellow been here ?' asked McDonald of his daughter when he went indoors. Jess glanced at him timidly. Though he was invariably kind to her she could not help fearing her father when his dark mood came upon him. ' Just a few minutes, father,' she said. ' He called round to ask you , about the mustering, because he was going to Warrandong, and would not be back before ten to-night.' McDonald glanced at her furtively as she moved round preparing the evening meal. He noted with savage suspicion how quiet she was. Had her pale looks any connection with Yorke's visit ? Gals were fools, all of 'em ! Why wouldn't she favour any of the bush lads ? There was Larry Ford —— ' Talk of the devil——,' ' Hullo ! Bob,' shouted a voice at the door, and McDonald going outside greeted two horsemen, powerful looking fellows, clothed in heavy moleskins, flannelette shirts and dark coats. Each man carried a Winchester repeater, whilst to the their saddles were slung several fresh kangaroo skins. ' Let yer 'orses go in the yard, and give 'em some feed,' cried McDonald hospitably, ' then come in you selves and have supper.' ' Right yer are !' answered Bill Taylor, a man who had recently served his time on a conviction of sheep stealing from Toomera. His companion, Larry Ford, muttered something about not wanting to put Jess to any bother ; but McDonald had already let! the way to the yard, and was spilling out corn and chaff for the horse. It was nearly dark when they entered the hut. There would be no moon till after eight, though that troubled the bush men not at all ; but the warmth and light were acceptable ; so was the well-cooked meal which Jess had prepared. After supper the men drew their seats to the fire,1 lighted there pipes, and yarned as only bushmen can. Jess cleared away the tea things and washed-up in a little scullery at the back, which her father had built for her convenience. The dwelling consisted of three rooms, constructed of slabs. The middle one, the largest, was the living room ; at either end was a small bedroom, one occupied by Jess, the other by her father. ' I'll say good night, father,' said Jess when she returned, ' I'm rather tired. It was washing day today.' ' All right, my gal,' , replied. McDonald. ' Go and get a good sleep.' Jess went to her room. She locked her door. It was such a relief to be able to cast aside her mask for at least a few hours. She sank on her kness beside the bed. She flung out her arms, and pressed her white, stricken face down, upon them. Her heart had been roughly awakened from its brief, sweet, dream of love ; and now she was alone—with her despair. She did not blame Yorke. Never in words had he sought her love. She was woman enough to feel certain that, her beauty had found favor in, his sight ; but what of that ? He would see other women, and also find them fair. He was a king amongst men, and no woman could be too- good for him. At least, so argued Jess as she knelt there, breaking her heart for love. Suddenly she became aware that one of the men in the next room had spoken Yorke's name. Swiftly she lifted her quivering face. What were they saying about him ? She knew that amongst a certain class he was one of the best hated men in the district, and the knowledge had often caused her unbearable anxiety for his safety. Yorke it was who had brought home the sheep ; stealing case to Bill Taylor. At the remembrance the girl's Heart stood still with fear. Noiselessly she crept to the dividing wall and placed her ear against the slabs. The lining paper was broken in one spot, and though the men spoke mostly in whispers, Jess, every sense sharpened by love and fear, caught the drift of their conversation. Once her father got up and came toward her door. She remained motionless. Some power beyond herself seemed to warn her to make no sign. ' Jess !' called McDonald softly, but receiving no answer he returned to his seat. ' The gal's asleep, boys,' he said. ' Just as well to make sure,' said Taylor with a grin. ' It don't do ter have too many knowin' of jobs like ourn. I hear'd the bloke 'ad took her fancy, an' I thought maybe she'd split on us.' The other men's faces grew black. Taylor's poisoned arrows had struck their marks. In one man's mind they rankled because of mad jealousy ; and sore wounded the other because of a certain dogged pride in the purity of his fair daughter. ' No fear of that !' said McDonald violently. ' Even if she guessed she'd say nothin, knowin' I'm in it.' ' O course not !' said Taylor craftily. ' Well it's this way. We'll wait at then Gap for 'im, and when he comas along let us each let drive. One of us is bound ter fetch 'im, and a Winchester bullet tells no tales. Then back we comes as fast as our horses can carry us, and no one 'ull ever be no wiser. I reckon he'll meddle no more though with coves as wants ter make a quiet livin'. ' E close up nabbed you last moon, Larry.' ' Blast him ! so he did,' muttered the other. ' It's time we were off.' Jess heard them get up and go outside. Her father's horse, she knew, was also shut in the yard. When they caught their horses, they were going—— GOING TO MURDER YORKE. A beating as of great hammers arose in the girl's brain. A roar as of the ocean was in her ears. But a fierce determineation that yet had neither form nor shape surged madly in her heart to save at any cost the life of the man she loved. Should she appeal to his would-be murderers ? Too well she realized her prayers would be in vain. Could she make off with one of the horses, and ride to the road and thence to Warrandong without being overtaken ? No ! for even now she heard the assassins riding forth to their- devilish work. The moon had risen ; but the night was still cloudy and showery. The clock in the dining room had not long struck nine, and Yorke had not purposed leaving Warrandong till toward ten. Jess clasped her hands above her wildly- beating heart. ' Oh ! Great God !' she prayed, ' Bid Thine angels delay him awhile ;—just a little while,—till a desperate woman who loves him can decide what to do.' To warn him by way of die road was impossible. She would inevitably to discovered and detained by her father after the other two. But ( and a gleam of hop ? she's suddenly into the darksome pit of her despair ) THERE WAS ANOTHER WAY. A path no human toot had trod. A dizzy path made by the mountain goats down the great Black Spur, whose crest lay rearward a mild distant from the hut. The precipitous rocks ran right down only about four hundred yards from the winding Warrandong road ; fully half a mile nearer the township than the gap where the murderers waited. If she could make her way down the Black Spur in time to intercept York, Jess cared not what came after. Her whole soul was centered on one idea—to save him. Often when sunlit skies had glowed above her she had strolled, with none but her own sweet thoughts for company, to the Black Spurs crest to gather ferns. Sometimes she had shudderingly looked over the precipice and pictured how awful it would be to fall, and be found below— a hideous, shapeless, bloodstained corpse, But now, in Jess' heart, fear for herself was dead. Bareheaded and cloakless she rushed outside. For all her dainty, slender looks, she was a very goddess for health and strength. Without a pause she ran o'er rough and smooth, over comparatively level ground, until she reached the summit of the Spur. Down, far down beneath her the jutting rocks showed black and terrible ; but without a moment's hesitation she swung herself over, and then for three hundred feet or more she fought with death for the life of a man. Slipping, scrambling, clutching wildly, yet with set, desperate purpose, at the shrubs and creepers that grew from out the rocks, lower and lower, with infinite toil, she pursued her perilous way ; striving always to keep as closely as possible to the faint track which the wild goats had made. It seemed to her that ages of anguish rolled over her head as she went down, yes ever down ; but with noble courage and presence of mind, never suffering her gaze to seek the depths below. Once though, had it not chanced that her long, wind-blown tresses caught and held her, she must have fallen to certain death. Her shoes were torn from her feet, her hands too were cut and bleeding, her soft limbs bruised and blackened by falling against the rocks, but still she struggled on ; feeling not her wounds, or, if she felt, not heeding them, in the greater anguish of her soul. And now she was within fifty feet of the base ; but her strength was ebbing fast, a mist was darkening before her eyes, and ah ! Great God ! on the road far away sounded the measured thud, thud, of a galloping horse. Desperately the girl rallied her vital forces and lowered herself till the final ledge wag passed ; then for a moment she lay trembling on the soft turf. The coming hoof beats rang out clearer and clearer ; not more than half a mile away. Rising to her feet with a last wild effort, Jess stumbled somehow to the middle of the road and there stood, spent and speechless, with a sacred joy in her heart, for riding towards her was Yorke on his splendid horse. She endeavoured to speak, but her voice was gone ; she could only hold out her hands in mute appeal. One glance at the girl's swaying form, and like a shot Yorke was off his horse and beside her. He caught her in his arms. She fell helplessly against his breast for her strength was exhausted. His whole being thrilled to the magic of her touch. He lifted her. With heart aflame he noted the woeful plight she was in. ' Who had dared to harm you ?' cried he in a terrible voice ; for the man was beside himself with love and rage. Something in his tone thrilled the girl with exquisite happiness. She slipped to her feet, though his arms still supported her. She looked straight in his face, with clear, pure eyes. ' I have suffered no injury that cannot be repaired, Mr. Yorke,' she said. ' But I hurt myself coming down the Black Spur.' Yorke stared. ' You came down there ?' he asked, slowly and incredulously. ' What for ?' Then, indeed, for a moment Jess faltered and trembled. She feared to betray the secret of her soul. Yet somewhat of the truth must be told. ' Because,' said she, ' I know that at the Gap three murderers wait for you.' For a moment the man stood like stone ; then, sank to his knee and in lowly homage pressed his lips to the woman's bruised and bleeding hands. ' Oh ! darling, my darling,' ha said, in a bushed and thrilling whisper. ' You did this thing for me ! Unworthy that I am !' ' It was naught !' she said, and gently raised him up. ' But promise that you will take no steps hi punish those guilty men.' As in a flash, Yorke realized something of the truth. ' I promise, sweetheart !' he said, He took off his overcoat and wrapped it about her, then clashed her close to the warm shelter of his breast. ' Jess !' he whispered. ' We must part no more. From this hour to all Eternity I want my wife.' ' I am not your equal, Mr. Yorke,' she whispered, tremblingly. ' Oh ! for both our sakes, consider what you say.' ' I have considered—too long,' he whispered, with his lips on hers. ' May God forsake me utterly if it be not true that I love you beyond compare !' ' And yet you would have left me ?' she whispered, wistfully. ' No ! sweetheart,' he answered. ' I could not if I would. As I rode here to-night I thought of you—you only. Feel, my love, where I have kept the flowers you gave me ; and he guided her hand to the rosebuds resting against his heart. Womanlike, she doubted no longer. A happy laugh rose to her lips, but died away in a gasp, for coming toward them were the three who had waited at the Gap till patience failed, then ridden slowly along the road to meet their victim. Yorke's horse had quietly fed off for a few yards amongst the trees, and the lovers stood also where shadows lay dark, for the present sheltered somewhat by a projecting rock ; but there was no chance of evading discovery once the trio cams level with them. Yorke flushed fiercely. His blood boiled up. He pushed the girl gently from him, so that she stood further behind the rock, and drew the revolver that he always carried. ' I can take a hand at this game,' he muttered. The would-be murderers rode closer, carelessly glancing from right to left. Suddenly, Yorke's voice rang out with the startling distinctness of a stockwhrp crack. ' Stop ! or I'll shoot.' So unexpected was the command that instinctively the ruffians halted. Their eyes, dazzled by the full glare of moonlight, failed to exactly locate where Yorke stood. ' Who the blazes are you ? What are you stoppin' us for ?' called Ford. ' You know, full well,' answered Yorke, sternly, realizing that his only chance lay in carrying matters with a high hand. ' I am armed. Interfere with me, and your blood be upon your own heads.' ' We'll chance that, Mister,' said McDonald savagely, and drew his rifle to his shoulder, an example instantly followed by his companions. But the click of the locks mingled with a woman's shriek, as Jess sprang to her lover. She clasped her arms about him, desperately determined, despite his entreaty, to shield his body with her own ; yet leaving free his right hand ; and happily the rock still partly sheltered them both. ' Father ! father !' she, implored, ' for God's sake, spare him ! If you kill him you murder me.' ' Jess !' shrieked McDonald in utter amazement, and lowered his Winchester. ' Whatever are you doing here ?' ' Seems ter me that's easy understood,' spoke Taylor, with a coarse laugh. ' The gal's a ——— !'—and he applied to Jess a foul epithet. ' Damn yer !' shouted McDonald, turning furiously upon the speaker ; and Larry Ford swung his rifle round, more than half inclined to let Taylor have the benefit of the charge ; but, swifter still, a bullet from Yorke's revolver sped on its mission ; and Taylor, his collar bone smashed, let fall his rifle with a howl of pain; whilst Jess, gazing up in her lover's face, saw that it was livid with fury. His heart beat against her clasping arm with slow, thunderous blows. ' So much !' ( he spoke aloud, with fiercely vibrating voice ), ' for the dog who dares slander my promised wife.' McDonald turned to Yorke with a swift revulsion of feeling. ' Curse me ! boss,' he said, ' but that shot was well fired. ' You're a man, anyway. If my gal loves you, well and good. She can please herself.' ' I have long loved her. She came down the Black Spur to warn me,' said Yorke, proudly and fondly, his arm about the girl. ' We are going now to Warrandong to be married.' ' Oh! father, dear father !' cried Jess, softly, ' think of me kindly, and have nothing more to do with deeds such as this to night.' ' Never no more, my gal ! I swear it ! You're a good lass. God in Heaven !—to think that you came down the Black Spur,' answered McDonald, brokenly. Then, to Ford, and grasping the bridle of Taylor's horse, ' We'd best be going. Let's bundle this groanin' cur along. He'll have to swear he shot himself accidental.' And Ford, who, notwithstanding his lawless nature, was not all bad, and had sincerely and passionately loved the woman who was not for him, without demur acceded to McDonald's proposition. Goaded beyond. endurance by jealousy, and Taylor's sneers, he, had been induced to join in the latter's devilish plot to murder Yorke ; but had not sunk so low as to have no spark of honor left. So all three riders rode buck the way they had come, till they were out of sight Yorke caught his horse, mounted, and held out his hand to Jess. ' Step up on my foot, darling,' said he. ' King fisher will carry us both. My valise will help to make a comfortable seat. There, my sweet ! Put your arm about my neck, so—and you'll be safe as safe,' and be held her close clasped whilst the horse cantered smoothly along to Warrandong. * * * * * They rods straight to the parsonage. The clergyman, to whom they were both well known, was preparing his sermon for the following Sunday , and very sternly indeed did the good man gaze at Yorke and his companion, whose appearance, not withstanding that she had twisted up her hair, betokened that something most unusual had occurred. ' Want me to marry you, and now ?' rapeated the clergyman when Yorke had stated his errand. ‘ But why come at this unseemly hour ? Jess, I'm surprised at you !' Poor Jess at this' rebuke flushed crimson, and her eyes filled with tears. Yorke clasped her hand and drew it within his arm ; whilst, despite his outward show of displeasure, the little parson thought to himself that not even the First Lovere of earth could have been goodlier to look upon than the man and woman before him. ' Because, sir,' said Yorke, ' though no purer woman lives, circumstances have made it imperative that Jess should allow me to call her min without delay. Pray ask your kind wife to show my darling somewhat of womanly sympathy ; whilst I explain matters to you.' The parson rose to the occasion ; his Christianity lay deeper than the surface; He left the room, presently returning with his wife, who greeted Jess with a kiss of motherly kindness. ' Come with me, dear,' she said, " I'll make you a cup of tea while Mr Yorke has a chat with my husband.' When the door closed behind them, Yorke told the clergyman so much of the truth as enlisted his warmest interest He again sought his wife and had five minutes earnest conversation with her. An hour later, Yorke, who had been out to engage apartments, returned And Jess, warmed, comforted and rested, stood at her lover's side— to his mind the fairest, noblest, and dearest woman in the world—whilst the solemn words of the marriage service ware read, legally ratifying upon earth the vows already consecrated by true love ; and on the faces of the man and woman gleamed a ray of the Light that shone o'er Eden, as the clergyman's voice rose clearer and stronger in the words :— ' I PRONOUNCE THAT THEY BE MAN AND WIFE TO GETHER, IN THE NAME OF THE FATHER, AND OF THE SON, AND OF THE HOLY GHOST. AMEN.' 