LITERATURE. RUDYARD KIPLING [BY ALEXANDER SUTHERLAND, M.A.] It is not at all unlikely that scores of thousands of pounds will be collected as the proceeds of Rudyard Kipling's recent ver-. ses; and this result, unexampled in litera- ture, recalls vividly to our minds what a virile force that single intellect is in the current story of our race. He is a power behind the Throne and the Cabinet and Parliament; for behind all these is the heart of the people, and that heart is deep in thrall to the magic of the young Anglo- Indian. Far as the empire extends his in- fluence is felt; his lines ring in men's ears; his thoughts go bounding in their pulses; and his emotional fervour helps in the mak- ing of their history. The strains of Tyr- taeus, sung to the flute by the marching Spartans, inspired a few thousands of a primitive race to the desperate valour which leads to conquest. Korner, with his "Lyre and Sword," filled the breasts of the Germans in their uprising against Napoleon with a perfect frenzy of patriotism; and his verses, though their literary skill is slight, have had their own significant share in pro- ducing that German solidarity which is des- tined to play so large a part in the coming century. But by far the most potent of this tribe of patriotic singers is in our midst at this very hour, animating the Anglo-Saxon hosts to the dominance which seems within their grasp. Nor has he been a martial singer only. He seems to have the knack of sympathy with every form of gallant en- deavour, and he has put heart into the sea- man, the pioneer, and even the peaceful ar- tificer. And yet his success is due quite as much to his limitations as to his powers. If he had come among us with a cultured style, a noble cast of thought, or a new message to be delivered to the race, his never could have wielded in his lifetime all this hugely potent influence. But he writes the language of the streets, lending it a new incisiveness, and his thoughts are the thoughts of the man in the street. Even when a full, free breath of poetry flows, as it sometimes does, through his verses, the sentiments he expresses are only the ordinary man's opinions, felicitously put. This is not a pe- riod of high-class literary taste in England. As one of the leading publishers told me when I was in London, what the public want is ''competent mediocrity." To a most unusual degree Kipling satisfies this requirement, for his prevailing characteris- tic is his supremely competent mediocrity, He has no ideals to preach to which the homeliest heart in the regiment might not respond. The daring imagination which carried Shelley out of himself into worlds the common man never cares to enter is not for Kipling; though he sometimes, as in "Tomlinson's Ghost" has suggestion of it. The deep devotion of Wordsworth to the beauty and the tenderness of Nature is never seen in this our youngest master singer. The joy of Keats in the weaving of fair words; the mission of Tennyson to encourage the lofty mind and the cultured gentlemanly type; the passion of Browning for subtle analysis of character—all these, and everything else that is foreign to the life of the ordinary man are, fortunately for Kip- ling, absent from his motive and his work. The Rev. Charles Clark once told me that one of the great secrets of popular lec- turing is never to tell the people much that they didn't know before. The average audience can stand only a little that is new. Express what everybody thinks, but express it better than he can for himself. Describe what everybody knows, but make him know it more vividly than ever before, and your success is assured, Rudyard Kipling is the supreme master of the art; and his reward will be that a big place awaits him in British history. Whether he will have a first-class place in English literature is a wholly different matter. He came at an op- portune time in our national story. Twenty years before our empire seemed to be growing flabby. and loose-joint- ed. There was a chance that the fabric had reached its culmination, and was likely to break away into fragments of slender importance. Then the reaction set in. A tide of imperialistic fervour be- gan to rise. Everybody struggled with in- articulate thoughts. A few were giving them voice and slowly shaping them for ac- tion, when in came the youth from India with his incomparable directness and pi- quancy of style. Just at that time two cir- cumstances conspired to make his welcome very wide—so wide as to be practically uni- versal. First of all, the Board Schools in England had poured into the field of rea- ders a huge army of people anxious for lite- rature, but not cultured—capable of appre- ciating strength, but caring little about re- finement or elegance of style. Kipling's work had with them the power to bite. His forceful use of the better sorts of slang: his reckless resoluteness to pick the word that suited him, often at the expense of good taste, sometimes even in violation of decency: and, in his verses, the familiar swing of the music-hall rhythms, combined to suit this class. And then, on the other hand, the educated were ready for a spell of reaction from the cultured school that had lorded it over the reading world so long. Tennyson's elegance, Ruskin's art fervour, Matthew Arnold's dillettante gra- ces, all the excellences of these and so many other very superior persons had for a while been growing less acceptable. The average Briton, at heart a Philistine, felt inclined to exclaim "Confound your cul- ture; let's have a little low life."' He was like the man who has for months been in- humanly condemned to ten-course dinners, and feels how happy he could be with a steak and a pint of porter. The educated classes were in that mood in which the ad- vent of a Burns or a Dickens is gladly wel- comed to take literature for a while out of its starched shirt and its frock-coat and put it in a homely garden suit. In consequence of his own great gifts and the opportuneness of his coming, Kipling has achieved a popularity unparalleled in the history of literature. But in the inte- rests of literary taste and sober-mindedness let us beware of over-estimating his place. The more we overdo our admiration, the quicker and the more merciless will be the reaction. Kipling at present enjoys a vogue far beyond those of Tennyson and of Dic- kens combined. This one recent poem of his has brought in more money than Thac- kery ever earned with all his work, or George Eliot, with all her fine array of masterpieces. Yet no serious person would for a moment compare him with any one of the four; and it is often seen that these quali- ties of perfect adaptability to the times, which give the greatest popularity, are not those that make the most abiding reputa- tion. Byron suited his age, and was the worshipped star. Shelley wrote for succeed- ing ages, and was invisible to the naked eye; but Byron has waned, and Shelley has waxed, until now their relative positions are quite reversed. The fact is that, while Kipling s work is the finest possible of it's class, it by no means belongs to a high class. It bears the same relation to true literature that a good melodrama bears to Shakspeare, or a light opera to the work of the great composers. No matter how popular may be the music of "Pinafore" and "The Mikado" —no matter how wide extended may be the pleasure they give, no matter how harmless or even beneficial their effect—they never can place Sir Arthur Sullivan among the immortals. Nor can any amount of success in writing "Barrack-room Ballads" or "Plain Tales from the Hills" lift a Kipling into the level of a Tennyson or a Thackeray. On tlie other hand, it is only fair to notice that there are indications of many sorts to suggest that Kipling may yet accomplish work on a higher level of artistic merit. Every year has seen a certain progress in the quality of his poetry. The "Departmen- tal Ditties" are, with one exception, of the poorest stuff, and I thought it an excellent sign of his growing taste when his agent in London told me that he had been commis- sioned bv the poet to see if the copyright could be bought back from Sir George Newnes. who holds it. Kipling wished to suppress this boyish production of precocious jingles, and it is hardly to the credit of the wealthy publisher that he in- sists upon keeping it alive. Kipliug's se- cond volume of verse, called "Barrack- room Ballads," while in general of the same class, has work that reaches a wholly better level; and his third, entitled "Seven Seas," contains no pieces of the commoner class, while it has many that rise undoub- tedly into the region of true poetry. In such a ballad as that descriptive of Eng- land as the mother of pioneers there is a splendid breath of the old ballad style. It begins— There dwells an old wife by the western gate, And a weary wife is she. She breeds a breed of roving men, And casts them over-sea. Indeed, it may be said of Kipling that no one in our century has been so fully pos- sessed by the spirit of the old ballad-wri- ters. Scott, Southey, Wordsworth, and Longfellow wrote beautiful poems in ballad style, but they are all only exquisite imi- tations. Kipling's is the real thing, and there is this great difference in his favour —they go back to old themes in hopes of getting the ancient inspiration, yet their treatment is essentially modern. Kipling seizes a modern subject, and handles it with- out mediaeval affectation; yet the breath of the verses seems to be that of a primi- tive time, There is a wonderful instance of this in that very fine ballad beginning— "Loud sang the souls of the jolly, jolly mariners." It argues well for a promising future which we would all wish well to see that in his later pieces of the last four years, scattered through periodicals and not yet gathered into any volume, Kip- ling reaches a still higher standard. When we see them all collected, and each lends countenance to each, we may acquire ad- ditional respect for his work. We shall all be glad, perhaps, to add a solid respect to the hearty liking we now confess. As a writer of short stories Kipling has hit the nail on the head with great success over and over again. Whether humorous or pathetic, or merely delineative, they pos- sess a wonderful grip; and no one who reads "Baa Baa Black Sheep," or "The Drums of the Fore and Aft," or the sketches of those whimsical rascals, the Soldiers Three," can ever forget how their raciness woke him up to a keen satisfaction. It is true that some of the Indian stories leave an unpleasant flavour in the mouth; that the humour crosses the border occa- sionally into vulgarity; that the realism passes into larrikinism and profanity: that the pathos, even as with Dickens, has a trick of turning into sentimentality, and often fails in that manliness which, with a few exceptional cases, keeps all the pathos of Shakspeare in healthy tone. Neverthe- less they are full of emotional quality, and suffer little from that fatal dry rot of things artistic—the commonplace. We often hear allusions to the genius of Kip- ling, but it seems to me that he is less cha- racterized by genius than by extraordinary cleverness. When he addresses himself to a subject he shows a wonderful tact in seiz- ing the heart of it, and a finished skill in choosing the point of view that will inte- rest the reader most. His precision of at- tack and his rough felicity of diction com- plete the success thus prepared for. But all these qualities belong rather to smart- ness and competence than to that deeper and more permanent gift which we vaguely call genius. From his free use of the verna- cular, Kipling is often compared with Burns; yet there is no real analogy. Kip- ling may, in his own way, rival the "Twa Brigs" or "Holy Willie's Prayer," but he has produced nothing in any way to be compared with the "Cottar's Saturday Night," or such a lyric as "To Mary in Heaven." The student of Burns is impress- ed by weight and strength. He feels his mind drinking in from a larger and wider mind. The student of Kipling feels im- pressed rather by smartness and point. His mind is kept amused and lively by a quicker and cleverer mind. Wide though the range may be over which Kipling has displayed his power, he nowhere shows the depth of passion, the tender perception of beauty, the perfect capacity for purest lvric me- lody, that have given to the Scottish pea- sant so lasting a command over the human heart. No, nor anything in the least like these qualities. And yet when all is said—whether the gemus which here and there shows in streaks through Kipling's work is destined to be in fulness of time predominant in it, or whether he is to be only the perfection of music-hall smartness, with patches of better work—the fact remains that he is at present a mighty influence in our empire. And who is there but envies him the pos- session of that potent touch upon the moods of an imperial race? Posterity may not endorse our golden opinions, but history will have to relate how he gave articulate voice to the imperialistic feeling when it was yet nascent and formless and how he filled the souls of our kindred over all the lands and every sea with a spirit that is bound to lead to the happiest results for Anglo-Saxondom, and thence, let us hope, for the world. Whether his name is to shine with those of the immortal bards we can hardly yet predict; but this so far is certain—that history will record how in the opening of the twentieth century he stood forth as beyond mistake the true Tyrtaeus of the English race. 