Public Meeting at ! Juinbunna. On Saturday nijjhi last a public j meeting tvas held in the Public Hall, j Juinbuiinn. There was a very largo attendance. Mr. Breeu said as tans was a public meeting, it would be necessary to ap- | point a chairman. i Ai r. Connelly replied iheuieeiing was 1 called in connection with the manage- ' 1 nieut of the affairs of the Puhlic-halL . ! ami the president of the coiuiniltc-o 1 should take the chair. ' All. Bteeii : Very well. Word has ' 1 been sent for the president and he will j be here in a few moments. Air. Coombs, president of the Pub! ie- i hall committee, shortly after arrived, | and was saluted with cries of ' General - ! Roberts." le received ail ovation that i evidently was highly appreciated by iliini. ; On taking the :hair Air. Coombs i apologised ftir being late. The great : display of the Juinbunna cricketers i that afternoon quite overcame and do- ; laved him, hut they would get to busi ness at once. He called upon the secretary to read the notica convening ; the meeting. 1 The secretary said that at a public | meeting held last Saturday at Air. Kurrle's hotel, it was moved by Air. Connelly, aud seconded by Ml-. Casey, that a public meeting be held in the hall, Jumhuuua, 011 Saturday, 13th - iust., to discuss the annual report. ANNL'AT. ItliPOItr. The secretary was proceeding to read ilio iinnnnl rAnnrfc. wbn Air. Bird inquired if the secretary was in order in addressing ladies and gentlemen when there were no ladies present. Air. Rreen : The ladies were bigger contributors to the hall funds than I the gentlemen. The chairman : Allow the secretary to proceed. The following report was then read : ' At tbe ici-mination of tbe sixth year of the existence of the ball, your com mittee have much pleasure in con gratulating you 011 the prosperous state of tbe finances, owing no doubt to the efficient management during the year. Tbe bazaar at Easter bos been a grand success aud your gratitude is due to tbe liberal contri tuitors ai Kongwak. Movan-a. KorumbniTu, and Melbourne. Tbeliniii" of the ball and stage was much needed, and is now felt by ibe patrons to be com fortable improvements. A new curtain is yet needed for the stage, and two doors are required for the actors ami actresses dressing room. Plans and specifications have been prepared by Air. Eadie for ibe erection of t wo rooms in front of tbe hall to lie used as a ladies' dressing room and Free Library. The Central Board of Health have agreed 10 the prospectus and the Tenders are iu hand for the new com mittee to deal with. The hall wants ; painting badly on ibe outside, and a fence : with some trees planted round the cu- ! closure would be an acquisition to thu I surioundings. A beneficial and novo! ; idea for tbe purpose of bringing iu ' revenue is to have a monster railway ex- ' cursion fro in Outtrim to Port Albert. ; coiling at all necessary stations en route, i and have the return journey within one j week of excursion date and charge a small profit on each Ticket. Tbe thirteen rules drawn up bv ibe secretary and adopted liy your committee should be a matter of genera! satisfaction to all right minded citizens, and will lie tile constitutional i safeguards for all future management. The Education Department wili shortly be withdrawing ihe revenue derived from .tbe building converted into a school, the i Government having a school in course of erection . As soon as this takes place your committee will have to purchase seats to replace the Government ones. Your receipts for the year amouut to £251 Us fid and the expenditure to £145 14 s. The ' bank overdraft when tlic committee took office was £125 14s 7d aud at tbe cud of the year was reduced, and at the preseut | tiuie'witb £17 lis Gd banked since the cud j of the year and £10 laud asset from the bazaar, you -wilt note you bavea crcJit- 1 balance." ! The chairman : Ii is the usual cna- j Low on all occasions ior the chairman > to move the adoption of the report. I He could not agree with ail his eol- ; leagues had done, and did not approve j of the report as a whole. Perhaps j some other member of committee 1 would move that tlic report be adopted. ; Air. Stevenson woiild like to know ! from the chairman what ihe thirteen ; rules adopted by the committee con tained. ; The chairman said he tvas not a walking c-neyclopaxlia, and he could not carry them all iu his head. Air. llyuthnan thought it would be . better to hear the rules read. The rules were here read by the secretary. The only oue at- which serious o">- ; jeetion was taken to was rule 10, which i provided that no person shall have : ' power to vok- at any meeting in con- : : lieetiou with the half unless he or she : , shall, in the first instance, contribute i i flie sum of 5s, annual subscription, to '< I the institute. Air. Bird, to put the matter fairly j before the meeting, moved that the re- port and rules be received hv this i meeting and dealt with. Seconded by ; Air. J. Casey. ' | The chairman : It is a different thing : io move that the report be adopted. : He would like to know if there was any objection to the receiving of the report. , mere was no onjection" ana juix" Bird's resolution was put and carried. The chairman : I will now move that- the report and rules be adopted. Air. Connelly : How can you recon cile your statement at tbe opening of the meeting with your actio in mov ing this resolution now. Is this sprung upon us? I The chairman : Well, we must- get j on with the meetiug. j Air. Bird : I will open the hall, I ; think the whole committee — j The chairman : The motion for the t adoption of the report is not yet se- 1 conded. j Air. Kurrle seconded tlic motion, i Air. Bird said he had curtain objec | tion to lay against the rules Rule 10 provides that a special fee of 5s. must j be paid before the public have a voice ! in the management of the hall. He j did not think the committee had power to put forward such a condition. I This was a public institution, and the I public contributed largely to its funds, j and we in public assembled should say what sum annually shall be contri- : buied by the public. He moved that j rule 10 be erased from the rules. Chairman : The question before the meeting is the adoption of the report. Air. Bird : 1 wish io move the erasure of one rule. If yoa show me any other way to get out of it I will move it. Air. Casey : Can't ihe new com mittee draw ap fresh rules ? C hairmau : If rules drawn up by one committee are good, the rules drawn up by the next committee must be good also. Air. Connelly said it was better to get a straight outvote on the question, lie opposed ihe adoption of ihe report, owing to the fact that it contained foreign matter. The services ren dered by the retiring committee were good, and they deserved not only the thanks of the public, but their admira tion as well for their action in liquida ting the debt on the building. A sec tion of the committ-ee appear to have become intoxicated with their success, : end constituted themselves a parlia- .ment to pass legislation. We boast of freedom and living under one Brit ish llag, but here we have a poll tax ! imposed upon the public by a eoin- ' mittee. who was given life when the . public breathc-d upon them, and ' brought them forth from the. darkness 1 of oblivion and lonliness of solitude and \- entrusted them with the management ; of public business in this rising village. | (Cheers.) So intoxicated were thc-y ; with success that they pass laws that ! cannot be altered. The report is I asked to be adopted, but ihe rules and ; laws were carefully kept in the back- : ground. When inquiry was made as to what these rules contained dame : rumor informed us that no person j could move a motion, vote, or take I part in any business connected with | the Public-hall, to which all had lent | a helping hand to get out of debt, j until 5s. had been paid first. Was | not this peculiar business? A cotu- I mittee asked you to adopt the report, but behind the screens they bring out this ghost, that you can't vote until you are taxed. (Cheers.) The chair man of a late meeting ruled that the laws they had adopted could not be broken like the laws of the aledes and Persians. When this ruling was given a motion was carried to hold this meet ing to enable the public to say whether the recommendations in tbat report should be adopted or not. Ehoul-1 the people be forced to compulsory pay this tax before they were allowed to vote ? This was a tyrannical law at tempted to be forced upon and an out rage on us. The committee were en trusted with other business. Was this a resurrection of the Star Chamber business that the law should be adopted without the public having a say in it ? Anything brought before Parliament to be drafted into laws we had an opportunity of opposing, and petiiioniug against, but in this in stance it is left to the Star Chamber j alone. We must oppose this law pas sed in this Star Chamber and kept iu tlic stages of darkness, until thrust I upon us and we are told, ' None can I vote unless they pay 5s." The public ! elected the committee to do their j business for them, but they did not ask them to make laws of this kind I without first asking the public's ap- j provaJ. He thought this meeting ! should, without simultaneous impulse, I rise and vote against the proposal j of adopting this objectionable clause. ; (Cheers.) ; I Air. Dow inquired if the chairman ! 1 could tell the meeting the members of committee who voted for this rnle. Chairman : Possiblylt was contained ; iujthe minutes, but it would he difficult : to determine who voted for or against, i There was lio division taken. Auy- ! way he did not think it would he fair : to give ihe names. : Air. Crightou said the report and I rules were before the meeting and it- was for this public meeting to now deal with them. Air. Green said he would like to know if all members had paid this 5s. poll tax. Air. Eadie said it appeared to him that the fact was lost sight of that the hall could hot be managed unless someone contributed something to wards it. Tt was felt now that a library was to be attached ; to the institute, and the fact that the Education department would be re moving the school, funds would have to lie found to carry on matters, and j he did not think a sum of 5s. con- ! tributed annually was Soo much i (dissent) or how were ihe committee ! to manage. There were occasions . when the building was let for parties. I but there were also occasions when ' people who used ihe hall — like the j late celebration of a marriage —when i the hail was not paid for. (Tins last remark of Air. Eadie's ! caused great, offence a numbar iu : ! the hall. One person said he was , stating what was untrue. The hall j ; was paid for by him when he used it. j | Language of a lurid color was bandied ; : about for some lime, and the powers j ' of the chairman to control the meet- 1 1 ing tvas severely taxed, but by the j i application of a little humor he sue- . j ceeded in throwing oil ou the threat- i ! ened disturbance.) j Chairman : Air. Eadie has made no j i reference to any on a Air. Green : I know he was referring : to me. and 1 want to have my say in , it because when I had the hall I paid | for it. Chairman : Well, you are out of order. Air. Green : 1 am going to have my say against Air. Eadie here, and if . he docs not like M: it he will in ore outside. (Laughter.) Chairman ; Well, that is all right. Wait uulil you get outside. The pacL- doeks are fine and large ; you will have plenty of room, (Laughter.) Air. Eadie : I did not mention any person's name at all, but- I say if we are to carry on this hall, a sum must tiff tic o ctilwwintmn Mr. Casey : I would like to know as Air. Eadie approves of this rule why he did not pay the 5s. Air. Eadie : I need not pay the 5s. unless I like. Air. Kurrle said this Public-hall could not be managed without money, and it was for that reason that the subscription was fixed so as to obtain revenue- to carry on the business of the institution, especially as they were to be left without Government assist ance. Air. Stevenson said we were told about public liberty, but in this in stance we had no liberty at all. We are not to have a say as to how the hall shall be managed after all we did to assist in wiping off the debt o:: the building.- This debt had been liqui dated by voluntary subscriptions, and there was no need for this poll tax. He would say they should not pay the 5s. (Hear, hear.) Alessrs. John Gannon, Hvndmun, Tonilinson and others spoke very strongly agai-is: the iuqiosition of the 5s. subscription, ami the amendment j that rule 10 be excised was put to the ! meeting, and nearly all hands were j held up ill favor of it, two against. j Air. Stevenson then moved that the I report of tile committee lie adopted, and tliat the whole thirteen rules, as submitted, be excised, and that, a pub- lie meeting be called for the purpose j of drafting netv rules. j Seconded by Air. J. Casey. j The position of matters were dis- j cussed at- some length, certain speakers ! contending that ibe chairman had de- j dared iliu. amendment excising rule 10 carried. However, the difficulty was got over by the chairman putting the question again and taking a vote on the latter proposition excising the j whole of the rules, which was carried j Chairman : The position of matters lis this- -By your votes you have i adopted the report, aud excised the i whole af the rules adopted by your i committee. (Hear, hear.) j iiAi.AM'K-siir.ici. j Mr. Stevenson inquired if tbe balance- sheet woe Id be brought forward. j 1 The chairman said the v.or, ling of the j motion was not very ex>lieit, but Le would t j take it as dealing with the whole of the I ; business. j Air. Connelly said his resolution covered the whole of iho business. The secretary said he had the balauee- I sheet all ready, audited, and duly certified. I and would lie happy to read it to the nieet- j tug. (Hear, hear.) j Air. Stevenson : I would like to know if j the auditors audited the balance-sheet together, or one at a lime. I Ghairmau: I do not know. It might be :dl the better if they did it one at a time. They eould not then be charged with squaring matters. (Laughter.) The balance-sheet was then read as follows : — i:r.ci:nrs. j j Rents from all sources £.52 2 <i j i Timber sold — ... 4 11 li Proceeds of bazaar 145 ( I 1 Balls -and eindrellas _ ... ."iff (j S Chief secretaiy.'s overdraft reduction 10 0 0 Bauk balance, ending Mist December. bSffff ... 22 7 10 Total £275 8 7 Secretary and treasurer's books £0 H ( Refund to brass band and others 1 16 <J Annual lulling piano ... 110 Final payment piano ... 12 0 0 Bazaar material 4$ 7 1 j Balls and eindrellas ... lf> lit '2 j Lining and repairs to hall 00 10 5 Kerosene, lamps. <&c.; ... 4 4 5 Insurance 1 13 Old debts and advertising 3 30 2 14 9 14 0 Bank overdraft, ending 31st December. l&W.; — 25 14 7 Total £275 -S 7 AUDITORS i:i;i'OKT. AVe have examined your secretary's j general receipts and expenditure, also | bazaar and ball receipts and expenditure, j and also bank book for tbe financial year, i ciidiug 2Ist December. 3-s.U'. "We bog to j congratulate the committee and .Mr. Breeu. your honorary secretary, on the splendid linauciui position of tlic Hall , funds. We find every item correct and all monies duly accounted for. — 1oiu:i;t ; Ok.vsv. BikvaVi Cavtin. Auditors. Adopted Tniuury '.'tli. 1'MJ. A voic of thanks, ou the motion of Mr. Bird, was passed to the retiring com mittee and secretary, for the successful way in which they managed the business of the institute during tbe year. Mr.Broeii.as secretary, said he was vory much obliged for ihe record of a vote of i thanks appreciating the services rendered by him. 31c knew lie did not give satis faction to every one. but nothing lie had | done up to the present did lie desire to | rescind- 31c hoped they would choose a I good secretary in his place, as lie was not a candidate for oflicc again. ! The different members of conmmicc — ! Messrs. Coouibs. Kurrle. Fadic, Thomson. 1 White. Jlynie. Tabei -nor. and Brighton l-e- j turned tlianks. Mr. Crightou said tbe j thanks of this meeting were due to Mr. t A. A. Wilson, secretary of tlm miners" : association, for using his influence with Messi-s. Downward. Saugster, and other j members of Parliament, in securing the special <naut of £ 10 to the institute. Also Mr. Ridley did a lot for tbe committee and hall as well, and deserved thanks. ELECTION or COMMITTEE. The claairtnau said tbe next business was the election of a committee for tiie ensuing year. Ii was necessary to elect nine persons to constitute the committee, tbe secretary and treasurer. The trustees, Messrs. Kurrle. and Tabor were members of committee. Mr. Kurrle was rc-elected treasurer. The following gentlemen were then nominated, the first nine hav ing received the highest number of votes. , were declared elected, viz.. Messrs. — Connelly ... 57 Dow j Crightou ... 55 Stevenson --- H7 I Cannon ... 53 Bird SI i Morgan ... 45 White ... H2 shannon ... 42 Parcel! ... 2-S Cuflin ... Tabcracr ... IU ; Casey 83 ; SECKF.T-UIY. | Mr. 33recn was proposed as secretary, ! but declined. Several gentlemen were pro- ! posed, but declined in favor of Mr Brcen. ! 3Iessrs. Cannon. Kurrle. and Moveral , I of the public recounted the gruRt services I rendered during the year of Mr. Brecn's | term of office, and urged him io allow : himself to be e!ecteu. The secretary said if there was one di- ( ; sentient vote against his election ho would not stand. Mr. Breeu was then unanimously olec- ted :is secretary for the enduing year. j Votes of thanks to the chairman tor- ruinated proceedings. : 