PEOPLE YOU KNOW. No. V.-THE DOCTOR. Dr. T. H. Smith, Koy&l; Colonial Institute, writes: I hare much, pleasure in testifying to the superior qualities of your Vi-Oocoa over any similar preparation in the market. I do this willingly and unsolicited aB I consider it a groat boon to the public. I bare personally experi mented with the cocoas in the market and find that the great drawback to all of them wbb the slow process of digestion and assimilation. The dias tase in the Malt not only assists digestion in your Vi-Ooooa, bat it also accelerates the digestion of other foods that are taken with the Vi Cocoa. This I have personally tested, and can therefore speak from actual experience. Its wonderful recupera tive power after exhaustion from fatigue is marvellous." No article of consumption has ever equalled tho speedy popularity of Dr. Tibbies' Vi-Oocoa. We should think there are remarkably few houseB, if anj, where it is not now in use. Dr. Tibbies' Vi-Gocoa has positively popularised coooa as a beverage many people who never could make a habit of cocoa drinking, and only took a cap on rare occasions, are now regular drinkers of Vi-Ooooa. This is unquestionably a benefit from a public health point of view ; as tea, however refreshing and beneficial when taken in- moderation, has baneful effects when used excessively, as had too long been common. The progress of Dr. Tibbies' Yi-Cocoa has been quite henomenal all over the country. It as been a steady and rapid advance, showing that people after getting it onoe wanted it regularly. Its praises are sounded on every hand, and tradesmen unanimously testify to its , growing sales, and the continual {demand for the wonderful food beverage, which form, even to the veriest sceptics, convincing proofs ef the hold it has taken on public favor. Dr. Tibbies' Vi-Oocoa in 7Jd packets and ild and Is lOd tins, oan be ob tained from all Chemists, Grocers, and Stores, or from Dr. Tibbies' Vi-Cocoa, Limited, 269 George-street, Sydney. -As an unpaialled test of merit, a dainty sample tin of Dr. Tibbies Vi Cocoa, will be sent free on application to any address, if when writing (a postoard will do) the reader will came the Ddbbo LtBiaAiy Great Casar's Ghost 1 poor wasted; frame. That once full vigour aid possess. Can't be a man in else but name. His cough has brought; him such distress,! The undertaker smiles to think Next winter's cold he'll not endure, j Oh! ne'er say die, but take a drink Of W. B. Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. Beat OPT or AM Ixonauz or His Pew siow.-A Mexican war veteran and pro minent editor writes:-" Seeing the ad vertisement of Chamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy, I am reminded that as a soldier in Hexico in '47 wad '18, I contracted Mexican diarrhota and this remedy has kept me from getting an in crease in my pension for on every renewal a doae of it restores me." It is unequalled as a quick cure for diarrhoa and is pleas ant and safe to tab. For sale by James J. G-. Brown. G. BOTE'S for repairs and sundries-two doers from Jjewis's Store. For Chronic Chest Complaints Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. Is fid. 'Slut lump in » m&n;'e stomach'which mikes Mrnirritableand.miser-. able and unfUfor'biuri ness or pleasure la caused by indigestion. Indigestion, like char ity, covers a Multitude of Bins. The trouble may be in the stomach, liver orbowela. Wkere erer it is, it ia caused bj the preaenoe of poiaonons refuse matter,' whioh Nature has been unable to rid herself of unaided. In Buoh caaee wise people send down I a bwlth officer, per sonified by one of Or, Morse's Indian Soot Pills, to starch oat the ?eat of trouble, and remove thecanae. One of Dr. Morae'a Indian Boot Fills will remove a very big lump, And act as a gentle laxative. A short coarse cf Dr. Morse'* Indian Boot Pills will care indigestion (permanently). They also care con stipation. " For the past eight years I hare endnred much from constipation and piles; no medicine seemed to do me good," writes Mr. Wm. Barke, Bridge- road, Glebe, N.S.W. " At night I could not sleep, And by day 1 was too drowsy to do my work. Nothing I took ccold free me of pain until I tried Dr. Morse's Indian Boot Fills. Mid now I can say they are the best remedy I have ever khown, as tfiey do not gripe or weaken, and yet do all that is said of them. I am a better man to-day than I have been for years. It is a grand care." Dr. Morse's Indian Boot Fills positively cure bilionsnesB, indiges tion, constipation, dyspepsia, headaohes, liver and kidney complaints, piles, pimples, and blotches. Sold by chemists and store keepers, price. Is lid per bottle, or six bottles 6B 6d. Sole proprietors, the W. H. Comstock Co., Ltd. (Australian DepGt), 58 Pitt-street, Sydney, They are packed in amber bottles, and fall name blown thereon. 