OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. Tbe Government which slipped into power y the ratting.of-the young members of the iberal Party, who, in the bope of getting ffice of some kind, were easily allared from their allegiance, has been , given another ease oflife.. This was only-to be expected. Members hesitate ; 5to risk bestowing upoo themselves political extinction when the enieraitelectioiia loom so close. MrTren. witK'alilantearcaBm failed to impress the House an Tuesday, but on Wednesday the Hon. A. J. Peacock marie^V telling speech against the Government. The Pemier's silly drivel thai' Sir George'yTurner never possessed the confidence of the 'country was exposed, and the Premier Imade "to ] look pretty small when Mr'Peacock reminded him in forcible language that two geneial elections had pronounced most emphatically in tiis fa fori Thofee members who had climbed the steps >;-of j - Parliament ' under - the wiogofSir George Turner,' and who bad before election regarded bim aa a paragon of political perfection,*' must have winced a little under A. J's. stinging references. VVben Mi Peacock sat' do'wn the debate fizzled Out." Mr Rawsob's speech from the Ministerial corner, whence be .pla.inly stated thal he only supported the retention of the Ministry eo as not to imperil the passage of federal 'measures, was a plain surprise to the Premier. The want of confidence' \- motion was at length rejected by 44 votes to 33. Quite apart from the purely political aspect there is, however, a power working in favor of the . Ministry which oounta fora good deal, but which caniiot be too plainly indicated—at any nite not at present. One of tbe curiosities of Melbourne—in fact Victorian—journalism is tbe daily dinner :J ttena J 'which v the Herald obligingly publishes every evening Sometimes a bill of fare for two days is giveu, but as a rule it is tor the succeeding one. Although the list of dishes is headed "the daily dinner," it comprises breakfast, lunch and'drhher. Dining at night in Melbourne'iv notf-by any oieana a mark of aristocracy,' many families of very humble means having to dine at that hour because their heads are engaged all day in the metropolis and have no time to dine in the middle of the day. But this menu of the Htrald is evidently not meant for people of small me:ins and small appetites. In fact it is absurdedly replete. For instance tbe lunch for last Tuesday was "Scalloped mutton,boiled potatoes, stewed leeks, and rhubarb fool." New who after such a lunch would want anything at night but a chop or boiled egg ? Yev the Herald ives a regular Scott's ot Menzie's bill of fare for the eveniog meal. Thus the daily dinner s regards two-thirds of tbe people who read the above paper is simply a piece of sarcasm, nd besides- any ; man, unless a ' manual laborer who. could not afford it, who went through that programme daily would peediiy bs either in the hospital or cerne* eiiy. The annexation of tbe suburbs of North Melbourne and Flcmingion to the City of Melbourne is io my humble opinion*'far away, far away"—as the song Buys. I need not trouble you with a repetition of what I have written before on the subject, when I said that the disinclination of Flemington to join iu with North Melbourue was one of the blocks, and the City wanted these two districts to come together as one ward of tbe metropolis. A new difficulty has now arisen owing to the fact that some of tbe City councillors tbink that their Mayor^Sir Malcolm M'Eacharn—has taken too much upon himself by tieating individually with North Melbourne and Flemington regarding a leturn to tbe City; especially ns he has left abruptly for England in the middle of the matter, and couuciU bf ^Vese two suburbs are asking Alderman Bayles/tbo acting mayor to take up the running—a task for which he appears to bare no great relisb. The suburban ghost is coming sbout agaio, aud it is to be hoped this idiotic individual will receive a charge of rock aalt in that part of his anatomy where the British soldier is supposed never to get hit, -although a portion of an Imperial regiment in tbe New Zealand war formed an exception to this rule. The player of. -such practical jokes is deserving of little consideration, as bis antics may result in loss of life or insanity. As regards ghosts" tbey are, as an " article of belief, u on the wane, and oven children now are not frightened of such unrealities. But an object in tbe dark suddenly appearing will frighten anybody, and probably tbe victims if these scoundrels fear them on materia) rather tban supsrnatural grounds. It ii good thing for the childhood around us tbat tbe ghost story has departed. I well remember the " blood curdlers" an old nurse told me io my juvenile days, and even in after years, when I was living alone for some time io the couutry, these weird tales of the nursery would come to my mind on windy winter nights. The principal provincial centre" of popula tion in Victoria are now attracting the notice of tbe Melbourne Press and public, and the Age. has had an excellent article on Geelong as a centre of industrial aud agricultural activity, in wbicb it was pointed out tbat the name, " Sleapy Hollow," was not deserved by tbit town now, whatever might* have been tbe case in f,years., gone by. Ballarat has now been described by the same paper in a well written and exhaustive article, and the Melbourne.eccibe is full of admiration for the country city be is describing,, and it would be of interest if tbe Age publishes a similar description of Aratat and other " live" centres of population besides the oapital. Some years ago—about 1885—there was a movement among the rural districts in favor of decentralisation, but it gradually died away. There is no reasou why Melbourne ebould absorb everything, and indeed there was Rome truth iu Bishop Mdo'rbousa's reman k, " There is a danger of Victoria becoming seriously ill with congestion of the heart." England has her Birmingham, Liverpool and Manchester, besides the great city of London, and tbe Victoria of the future should see her provincial cities ad< vance rather than decline. The debate in Parliament 00 Tuesday night took ita tone from that of the preceding Thursday, and was marked by acidity and pinprioking. Mr Trenwith led oft, and made an attack on the Premier of a general nature, the'main.indiotments.being a lack of enerosity in filching Sir George Turner's ong enjoyed sweets of office from.bim. x. The peaktr fanned the flames of an already acrimonious discussion, by stating that had Mr M'Lean been dubbed Sir Knight he would use it for advertising purposes iu connection with his auctioueering business. plying on behalf of the Ministry to Mr Treuwith, Mr Hamilton, M.L.A., simply took his cue from the former gentleman, and gave mud for mud, If Mr Treuwith could call men and parties names, so could he, and thus it was simply a duello of epithets and reciiminations. The evening altogether a wasted one, and showed Parliament in one of its most invidious aspects. Tbe aooner such debates are ended tbe better for the morale of the House and iu the interests of the country^ 