Strange Stories of London Ghosts. TUB extraordinary iutcrest that has been excited in the supposed appearance of u about at a window in Edith-villas, West lConningtoii, rocalls similar though not quito 60 sensational stories of "haunted" houses it) tho metropolis. Some of Lhcec ghonUy traditions have been spoiled by subsequent discoveries or explanations, othirs remain in tho annals of the unsolved problems of believers in tho Kupernatural. Whether spcctros representing the depart ed or forcaasting tragedies to come arc or are not within the rango of possibility is u niattor of opinion. In theso days of en* Hghtemnont, it is ducmed by mauy as scspti* cal to say that uo man ever saw a ghost as to declare that any particular ghost bus bueu seen in a particular plaeo at a particular time. Scotland is admittedly the privileged lo calo of the 11 haunted houso." but London ban it* legends and its stanch believers in the so-to**peak slruclui&l; supernatural,'its broken-windowed deserted villus, detached uiid semi- detached, and moro pretentious residences said to he or have been unoccu pied for years or generations on account of apparitions, which, however, lucking direct evidence of their existence, past or prcsont, have sufficed to scAro oven the most ccono* tnicully disposed houso hunters. Whether RUOIi things are or aro not impossible, it is interesting to recall traditions which in Borne cases bold their own, and in others have boon dispelled by tho disillusionment of matter of faot solutious. Tho subject pan bo treated without prejudice. That infloitoly elastic area which tho speculative builder for respectability's eako calls " West Kensington," iucluding Edith' villus, now tho retort of thousands of ghost hunters, ban yet another ghost story. In 1804 tho inhabitants of Hammersmith woro porturbod by storios of a lull thin figure in white, which frequented a certuin spot near the old churchyard. Wuyfarors on foot by cariiago or waggon avoidod tho spot for many week", making inconvenient dotours rather than facc the speotre. It had been HOOD, not by one, but by soveral. Ono day ayoun^ man, bolder thau his fellows, armed Itlintoff with a shot gun and waitod all uight for what, he was convinocd was merely a practical joker. At 4 a.m. bo hoard footsteps approuohing, then lie saw a whito figure advancing, then he raised his gun and fired-unri killod un houost laboror clad in a white jackot, on his way to work. The gunner was tried for murdor ami no* quitted, and HO far as can bo ascertained uever solved tho myatcry. ' Comiug further westward wo can find tra* dilioits in Holland House, which was built in tho sevomeonth century. Here in one particular room moro than one iuhabitant of tho building of moro than one generation is said to have confronted tho ghost of tho first Lord Holland proudly perambulating tho chamber bcariog his own hoad-not on a charger, but in his own right huud. And nosolutitmof the mystery has evor been attempted-any moro than that of anothor conucctod with tho samo habitation. Lady Diana Kich is believed to have onn evening, when Alio wus taking tho air in tho girden of Hollsn I. House, seen a completely at* , tired apparition of herself 11 as in a looking' gloat," just a month hoforo sho died of sinull'pox. , . ^'Vular district of London iapoou ..miiy iirufiiiu or gnostly traditions. In 1808 Koosingtonians through local gossip, and Londoners iu general through iho ubwb* papers, woro thrillod by a haunted house story. Not a quartor of a mile from Hoi* land Houro, and a few yards from oho high road, an elderly Wdv lived in a small houso with a middle aged daughter and a young aervaut. Regularly ovory Friday night they woio annoyed by a rat-tat-tat on their street door when no ono was to be seou out* aide. Tho two ladies became so alarmed, and iu couscaticnco so upset in health, that some male relatives sot to work to solvo the mystory. On a certuin Friday night they posted a policemen outsido tho houso and themselves in tho ontrance hall. Tho rat* tat camo us usual; they rushed to tho door and found no ono near but the policeman, who had heard or seen nothing. Other traps woro (laid, but all in vain. But ouo day Lho servant confessed that she had boon tho perpetrator of a practical joke, and had on each occasion escaped down tho stops into tho kitchen door. Tho haunted house in Bolgrave-squaro is almost forgotten, although not very long sineo mauy a cab driver was told to tako a circuitous route in order that a country cousin might bo shown tho mystorlous man* sion. There aro various versions as to tho origin of tho haunting. Homo insist that it is tho house in which (ho sou of Hir John Barnard, alderman and M.P. for London, and a conspicuous figuro of Lord Chatham's and Sir Horace walpole's time, oxpire-l four days after ho dreamt that he should dio in the course of a woek. So certain was ho that death was imminent that he his penurious habits w<tro proverbial-re* fused to give his housokoepcr tho usual pay* merit in advance for his wc k's morning chooolat". However this may bo, tho pro* perty, which in ordinary circumstances was worth about £1000 a year, wai for a long tims tenaotloM. Thou, says local history, a young couplo, anxious to keep up appear* atices on a very small iucomo, regardless of supurstition, took tho houso at a nominal rent, thn short tenancy expiring with tho suddeu death of tho husband in hu thawing room. A religious sisterhood Uking ad* vautagc of tho situation, scoured th« pro mises, also at a uomltiul rent. There is uo traco of theso good ladies having seen or heard anything in the way of a ghost, and when their tenanoy oxpircd in tho ordinary courao tho houso, purgod of its gruesome associations, was taken by a gentleman in whuso hands it rccovored its origiiul good naino, and probably trebled its value. The above aro tho particulurs, so fur as they can now bo ascertained, of a few of tho well known London ghost sloths. There aro, doubtless, many others of equally if not moro thrilling interest.--" Loudon Chronicle." ^ - : To THE hKAF.-A rich lady, eurcd of her deafness and noises in tho head by l)r, Nicholson's artilical eardrums, gavo £5000 to Jiis institute, so that deaf pconlo unable to procure tho car drums may nuvo them free. Address Vo. .'J80t» The Nicholson In stitute, Longcott, Guimerubnry> J»udon, W.-ADV. 