THE MAGIU OAMEO; OE, Olifford Faxton's Mascot. Br MHe G. Sssanoa Authoreas of "The Masked Bridal,. ," The Little Marplot," &c.;) OHAPTER XSLI. CLIFF'S FA'HER. Maria, evidently, was not far away, for she entered the room almost im mediately after the ringing of Squiro Talford's bell, bearing the box in her hands. She paused, after closing the door, and glanced inquiringly at the squire. •Give it to lahim," he said, with a nod toward Cliff, and Maria placed it in his hands, alter which she walked quietly from the room again. C'li was deeply moved and his hands trembled visibly as he untied the cord that. held the cover in place and re moved it. He merely glanced at the letters as he took them out; but seized the folded parchment with an I eagerness which betrayed how anxious he was to learn the identity of the man who had married and deserted his mother. He removed the pin that held the two papers together and unfolded the topmost, one, which proved to be the marriage certificate. He searched it eagerly for the name he wanted and a perplexed look swept over his face as he read it : " W. V. T. Wilton." " W. Fi. T. Wilton," he repeated thoightfully. S\h el, it does not enlighten me very much, but it at least assures me that my mother was a legal wile, which is otmoreeonsequence than anything else. What do the initials W. F. T.' stand for."' " William Faston Temple," briefly replied his companmion, and regarding hiunt with a peculiar look. At first the name did not seem to mean much to Cliff. Then all at once he started erect, a terrible shock galvanising him from head to foot as his mina flew back to his first sunmmer in the mountains, w?hore he had met the wealthy banker, William F. Temple, and his fanuly; as he recalled also his interview witt the man on the morning aiter Minnie Tem ple's rescue, when he had been so strangely moved upon learning his own natoe. . oBut it cannot be possible," he mut tered, repudiating the thought almost as soon as it had taken form in hius mind. SWhat cannot be possible?" inquired the squire. ' "'Wity, I know a man here in Wash ington by the name of William F. Tem ole and it struck me as an odd coinci dence, that is all," Cliff explained, but with clouded eyes.' "Well?" said the squire, but with such a peculiar intonation that Llitt started again. "You cannot mean-surely it cannot be possible that he is the man you re ter to--you half-brother!" he cried, breathlessly. "'es, he, and no other, is the man," was the emphatic response, "only he Lhas found it convenient to drop the name of Wilton." " "But are you sure? Have you met this man who calls himself WVilliam F. Temple? Do you know that he is your brother?" "Yes, I am sure-we have mot and recognised each other, greatly to his contusion. I could take my oath as to his identity and that he is the man who married Belle Abbott more than twenty-three years ago, though I am sure he has never dreamed of your ex istence, for you were born eight months after he had deserted your mother, and she told me that be had no know ledge of the fact that he was likely to become a father. They were living in Chicago at that time, and when she found herself forsaken, with nothing to buy food and fuel, she immediately sought employment and worked most diligently to lay by for the coming emergenoy. She said she was too proud to go home to be a burden upon her parents, after going away from them in the way she did; she hoped that you might both die when the supreme trial came, for that would settle every thing, with little trouble to anyonae. But when she found herself the mother of a vigorous boy, and unable to caru enough to support you both in that over-crowded city, she was obliged to return or see her child suffer for the necessaries of life; she reasoned if she could but have a roof to cover her, without paying an exorbitant rent, sihe could earn enough for other needs. 1 have told you of the bitter blow that awaited her on finding those she loved gone, and you know how she lived after that. She called herself by the name of Farton and named you Clifford, for your grandfather, Abbott. She said You should never be known by the name of Wilton, and as the population of New Haven was constantly chang ing and her home was on the outskirts of the city, she hoped to keep your identity a secret and your young life unhampered by any knowledge of the great wrong of which your father had been guilty. She never heard one word from her husband, and she final ly came to the conclusion that he must be dead. I also shared that belief, for I was pretty sure that if he was alive and needed money he would make some effort to get his share of his mother's propert~y; but four years ago last sum mer we suddenly ran across each other on a train between New York and Al bany-" "You did ?" sharply interposed Cliff, "and did you tell him of my exist ence?" "You may be sure I didn't. I never meant that anyone should know that there wae any tie of kinship between you and me," replied the squire, with some asperity. "At first Bill pretended that he did not know me," hlie resumed with a cunning smile, "'but I very 5oon brought him down from his high honrse and convinced him that I knmw my man. He was dressed like a nabob and told me that he had become rich -he even told me that I was welcome to all that our mother left and thalt he should never give me any trouble sout his share of it; but I supposed that was a kind of bribe for me to lot him aloneo, and, as I'd come to look upon everything as belonging to me, I concluded to give him a wide berth rather than to get into an expensive iaw suit over the matter. I never met him again until the day you took your degree at Harvard-bah! I did not mean to let that c~at out of the bag!" the man interposed, with a shrug of irritation and flushing hotly. O0h! I knew you were there," Cliff quietly returned. "I observed you al most as soon as I entered the hall, and your presence was a great inspiration I feel I owe you a great deal for it." "An inspiration!" repeated his com pamon, wonderingly. "Yes; for I knew you had come to criticise-to ascertain for yourself if I h?ad been able to work my own way through college and acquit myself creditably, and the knowledge proved a wonderfdul bracer for me. But you wore telling me about your second meeting with Mr. Temple." "Yes. I ran against him, and his Ohole family, just as I was leaving the grounds. They were a stunning party, and their carriage and horses as fine t Ono wonuld care to see. on it nearly took Bill's breath away to see me-he tosgo?a ei her had mst a ghost, though noher of no let on that one kneow the other," the squire explained. "And that man is my father!-you have taken my breath away by the revelation," said Cliff, with an ani of bewilderment and a sudden sense of re pulsion in view of the fact. "However, I have no desire to lay claim to any such relationship? Do you know where he went and how lie made his money after he deserted my mother?" "Irve been told that he 'struck' pay gravel' in some Western mines; then went to San Francisco, where he sot up as a banker, got into society there and served one or two terms as mayor of the city and met. his present wife- who was a rich widow by the name of Wentworth--and married her there. I "learned this from a San Francisco man whoin I met when I first came to Washington," the squire returned. "Whsen-how long ago was he mar ried to this womanu?" Cliff questioned, with a violent start. "I'm sure I don't know--I haven't felt interest enough in their affairs to make any imquiries about the matter," said the squire, indifferently. "I re member when I met him on that trip to Albany I told him that all the folks at home were gone. Ie said he knew it--he'd kept himself posted; so I sup pose he must have married this woman after that." But Cliff had grown deathly pale while lie was speaking, for his mind had been working rapidly. "No-no; great heaven!" lie exclailu ed. "I am sure he must have married her before my mother died!" "What's that ?" exclaimed the squire, and now all on the alert, while a niali clous gleam flashed into his eyes. "Yes, I ami sure of it-ooh! the shame of itl!" groaned Cliff, in deep distress, "and that dear, sweet, child, Minloie, who is, of course, my half- sister, has no legal right to the name she bears: neither has her proud- spirited mother. What a wretch that man hals been!" "Hold on, my boy-don't go so fast," interposed his companion, with con siderable excitement. "What is all this lament about?-explain what ioiu mean." "You have said tha;t you have seen Mr. Temple's whole family; then of course you know that he has a beauti ful little daughter about eleven years old---" "His child by this second marriage? -are you sure?" exclaimed the squire, breathlessly. 'Yes; her name is M3innic Temple." "Ha! I had never given a thought to the girl nor her possible age. But if what you say is true, I have lived to see him bitterly punisliod," and the man chuckled maliciously. "Alh, yes, he must long have felt that a sword was hanging over his head," Cliff gravely observed. "Let nme see; I met the family in the White Mountains during the vacation after my first.-year at college. Minnie was then five years old; more than five years have elapsed since then, so she must be between ten and eleven nov, and my mother died ten years ago last August," he concluded, with a look of keen pain ii his eyes. "And that proves Mailam Temple to be no legal wife and the child illegiti mate. Bill Wilton was a fool ever to show his face this side of the Rockies again-it's a true saying, 'give a rogue rope enough and he'll hang himself.' W'o'll fix hintm now. though I never dared to hope for such a triumph as this." said the squire, with another chuckle that actuially madeo Cliff's flesh creep. "Oh, don't!" he exclaimed, with mingled disgust and distress. "Don't!" repeated the mant in a tone of astonishment. "Don't you want to see a rascal like that brought to jus tice? I do. His whole life has been one long story of selfish indulgence and crime." "I ants not thinking of hint at all," said Cliff, sorrowfully, "but of the in nocent ones who have been so deeply wronged by himn-that lovely woman and her sweet child-" "How about yourself?"' snapped the squire. " You have your rights." Cliff crested his head proudly. "I aismd at least honourably born and my dear mother was a legal wife. As sured of that, I ant not disturbed about myself, as far as Mr. Temple is concerned. I have fought my way thus far, and I shall go still higher, without extorting anything from him." " But you surely will demand that he shall do the fair thing by you in the disposition of his property?" "'No!" cried Cliff, in a tone of scorn ful repudiation. "I would never claim kinship with such mn., and I want none of his gold. But"-a wistful ex pression creeping into his eyes and ,topping into a musing tone-" "lcould love that dear child-my little half sister--very tenderly if I might be al lowed to. I have always felt a sort of proprietorship in her ever since the day that I went over that precipice after her-somehow she has seemed to be long to me in a way, though I little imagined that I was rescuing my own sister from a terrible death-" "Death!-'rescue!'" repeated the squire, wonderingly, "what are you talking about, Cliff?" The young man looked up with a smile ansd shook himself. "I was dresmn ing of the past and hardly realised that I was speaking aloud." lhi said. Then he described the evetit with which we are already familiar, while the man listened attentively, his eyes fastened upon the manly young face, nwhile a look of wonder grew in his eyes as he began to comprehend the heroism of the deed." "And you did that! you went over that precipice and down a hundred feet on a rope and back again, the same way, with that child on your back!" he demanded in astonishment when Cliff concluded. "Of course-there was nothing else to be done." "Weren't you afraid ?-you must have known that you were liable to,lose your head, fall and be dashed to atoms on the rocks below." "Well, I knew there was a risk, of course; but I did not stopi to think about beinig afraid. I should have gone, just the samne, if I had known I should fall-I could not leave that child there without making an effort to save her," was tie grave reply. "Well, that makes another!" ejacu lated the squire, thoughtfully. "Another what?" questioned Cliff, who did not eatclh his companion's meaning. "Another deed to he proud of," was the hearty but almost involuntary re sponse. It was now Cliff's turn to look as tonished-and he was beyond measure -for it was th'eo first time he had ever heard a word' of genuine commenda tion from the man's lips. "Thank you, sir," he earnestly re turned. "Humph!" grnnted the squire, as if half ashamed of lhaving betrayed so much weakness; "so vou don't appear to be very much elat'd over the fact that you aire the solo heir to William Faxton Temple's millions?" "No, sir; I do not want a penny of his money," was the spirited reply, "and I should never- under any cir cumstancos---ttomPt to prove myself his heir, or entitled to bear his name. My mother named me Clifford Faxton, and while I live I will bear no other." "Well, Imust say, you are mighty in dilferent about your rights; and yondo not seem to grasp the fact either that, as my nephew, there is a possibliy that you may inherit something hand some from me one of these days," and the man regarded him curiously as he said this. Cliff flushed again. 'I had not thought of such a thing, I assure you," he said, coldly. "Of ooanse I-cannot help the faet that a certain relationship exists between us; but I do not want your property, Squire Talford-I don't want any man's money." "Oh, you don'tl It strikes me that you a'e mighty independent, and per haps may live to regret assuming such airs," snapped his companion, in evi dent irritation. Then he added, mali ciously: "But then, I forgot for the moment that you are expecting to marry a fortune-I am told that. Miss Heatherford is a rich girl." Cliff was secretly furious at this spiteful thrust; nothing but his res pect for the man's ago and weakened condition kept him from voicing a scathing retort. "Miss Heatherford's property will be settled exclusively upon herself before she becomes my wife," ho merely re plied, with an air of dignity that sat well upon him. "I have no desire to build myself up upon the foundation of another. From my earliest boyhood I have been conscious of something within me that was bound to rise, and if I have my health, I have no fear that I shall not be able to make for myself a name and position of which neither I nor my friends will be ashamed." "Humph!" grunted the squire again; but he shot a look at the fine face op posite him that had an unwonted gleam of respect in it. "You remarked a while ago," Cliff resumed, after a moment of silence, "that you believo M1r. Temple is un aware of the fact that he has a son. I am confident you are mistaken. I am quito sure that he knows that I am his son, although he evidently thinks that I am ignorant regarding my relationship to lhm." He then described his first meeting with Mr. Temple a loe days after llm nie '.'mplo's accident, and how agi tated the man had been upon learning of his name, and the fact that he had been bound to Squire Talford for four years. 'The Squire smiled grimly as he con cluded : "Well, it does look as if he had an inkling of the truth, that's a fact," he said, "and he must have had quite a shock at the time-he couldn't have telt over and above easy, I'm thinking, especially since I came to Washington. 1 don't see that it has done much good telling you this story," he went on mooduy, "except that perhaps it has set your mind at rest about your ori gin. I don't suppose I should, ever have told it it it hadn't been for 31aria--she was bound that you should know the truth, and, on the whole, I am not sorry it is over with." Cliff made no reply to these remarks -he felt they called for none-but busied himself with gathering up his papers and replacing them in their box, his companion regarding him curiously while he did so. 