MEL GEOEGE, M.L.A., AT BUNBURY. Bunburv. Julv 17. Mr. W. J. George, M-L.A-, of the Na tional League, arrived yesterday and ad dressed a large gathering in the Masonic-hall last evening on federation. The Mayor (Mr. Clarke) preaded. Mr. Gone said that the matter was not a party question, but there was a. difference of opinion as to what was the best for tne ccaniry which we live in. He did not be lieve in woman's suffrage, bat would ase the ladies' vote for all it was worth. He referred j to tie necessary procedure for both sexes for ; voting at the referendum, and lie urged them ] to take advantage of the privilege. The j Federal League had admitted that we should have better terms, while the National League knew that the terms under the Common wealth Hill were unfair. As a commercial sum, he said that trader the sliding scale trade would be dislocated. The sliding scale was equivalent to three years' full protection, and should be made up to five years. We bad the ghost of a promise of an interco lonial raiiwav. He referred to Mr. Hacket* a« thvir hicrhlv-n-snpnfMi member. (Groans ind uproar.) He did not think that he had mads a mistake — (renewed groans and uproar) —as Mr. Hackett was returned without op position. If he was going to obtain an ex pression from the meeting he would believe that Mr. Hackett had sold them. ' (Cries of 'Yes,' a,n& uproar.) Mr. George referred to die voting- power that the goldfields would have for representation in ihe Senate, com pared with the other industries. The traas oontihental raiiwav was the best advertise ment that the colony could have. Hs re ferred to the promise made by Vr. Holder, the Premier of South Australia, for a rail way, and asked, had we aay guarantee that Mr. Holder would nave the opportunity oi sanctioning legislation for tbat purpose? He referred to the questions of defence, and the mail steamers calling at Fremantle. Mr. George stated that an appreciable difference to trade wouM follow emigration, that num bers of people travelling about the colony for curiosity would remain. He said that the harbor was ready, and it was useless to deny it. Where the German nail boats go no one should bo afraid to take his ship. The people on the other side were endeavoring to prevent the mail steamers from coming to Fremantle. The intercolonial boats did not want the mail steamers to call at Fremantle, as there was a chance of their losing passen gers. There was a spirit of unfairness about the matter. He quoted extracts from a speech made by Mr. Cooke, ex-Postmaater-General of New South Waks^ to illustrate that an agreement had been formulated for the mail steamers to call at Fremaatle. He also quoted the Kalgoorlie 'Sun,' a federal paper, on ifcis subject. It was said tbat S we stood out of federation we could not ob tain terms as good afterwards. He asked the meeting mot to believe this, as there were instances where States bad stayed out, and bad not been iniured therebv. Mr. George further remarked f&at; as our circumstances were identical, and the Commonwealth could1 not be complete mthoni this colony, by standing shoulder to shoulder we were all right in the matter. He did not believe what federalists say regarding their representatives doing exactly wha* is necessary fo- us. He referred to the average life of goldfields, and wae doubtful as to whether reforesting can be of pcrmaccnt good. He said tbat tiie Darling' Ranges formed one of the finest pieces of country in the world for orchards,, vineyards, quickness of export, asd favorable seasons. Speaking of markets for timber, he said that, whether they had federation or not, people would have tiie special quality of timber t'hat they desired. He asked if we' would attain markedE for scantling under federation. (Cries of 'Yes.') He eaid tbat in Melbourne we could not compete with the Tasmanian hardwoods, Tasmania being only a few hours' steam irom Melbourne. He said that the sawmills here were misled as to getting a market for scantling on the other side, and he conld prove it. (Cries of 'No.') He did not believe that Tasmania would .take more scantling under federation. He quoted Mr. Leake as the great mis leader in this matter. He (Mr. Leake) had said that the industries here were repairing ttaops. He did not think it worthy of Mt. Leake to run down t&e; work of honest men's hands. (A Voice: 'No good, George, fay mo- in ?Huff.'' and disorder. 1 On resuminc Mr. George said that we wanted to give our sens an opportunity of finding out a particu lar vocation suitable -to them, and 'put the sqcare peg; in the square hole.' He said that the adoption of- federation would not in creaee the industries. We could not com pete without protection', the Melbourne fac tories having been built up by drastic pro tection, and tie factories in Melbourne would be started on a larger scale. There fore, it -was natural for people to go where employment is, and that wonid mean them leaving this colony. The result would be empty houses and 4hops. The Fremantle people were protesting sgainst the removal of the workshops simply because thev knew that tihe trade would go to Midland Junc tion, and the same thing would happen to fins colony. if lood was rtieaf-er wages would come down. He concluded by stating that he was a true federalist, and simply asked for this colony to have fair treatment when joining the Common wealth. He be lieved Uhai under the bill, tihe idea was not Imperial federation, but the framing of the rope uhat binds ns to the Imperial Govern ment. He wonid help to iHifh this country on as a heritage for ivis and their children. Mr. George then sat down amid great, ap plause. Mr. Wikon ard Mr. Ross also spoke, ami the meeting broke up after a vote of thanks to the chairman had been passed. 