THE STORYTELLER HER SOLDIER LOVER CHAPTER XVI. Of. all the stately homes in beautiful Sussex none was so famous for its magnifi cence as Groville Hall, the principal country seat of the Grevilles. The grandfather of the present Earl had been something of a sybarite. After wandering over almost every habitable portion of the globe, he had returned home with half a dozen Oriental servants and innumerable curiosities from the East. Their cost must have been almost fabulous. There were wonderful idols in gold and bronze, curtains and hangings of the richest silk and most cunning workman ship, tapestry, and carpets, quaint carvings, musical instruments, weapons and armour, and everything to be found in the palace of a rich rajah. For the reception of these curiosities a lofty and spacious wing bad to be added to the Hall, and the later years of the old Earl's life were spent in this magnifi cent Eastern side-building. Surrounded by his Oriental servants, he indulged in opium, smoked a hookah, and, by his extravagance and negligence, impoverished the family for -generations to come. Greville Hall itself was famous for its musepm, its great marble staircase, and spacious picture- gallery. The reception rooms were also the talk of the "county, though their splendour was fading. There were the Yellow Room, the Blue Room, and the Green Room, and the furniture of each was upholstered in yellow, blue, and green satin. Greville Hall was the delight of poets, artists, and antiquaries, but its revenues were not sufficient to pay the wages of a decent staff of servants. The very pictures were mortgaged. The son of the profligate Earl built an organ in the eastern room and called it the chapel. Prayers were offered to ileaven, but pros perity was gone. When the gray towers of the Hall peeped over the tall waving trees, Margaret gave a little cry of delight. She forgot even the presence of Lord Greville. "- It seemed that she was walking on enchanted ground. Lady Natalie's silvery laughter floated on the air. r This is the Druid's Grove, Mrs Lynden,' the Earl remarked, 'and dates from the days of the Saxon. You will see the court , yard presently, where many a tournament has been waged by armoured knights for a lady's smile.' ' At last I look upon one of the stately homes of England,' murmured Margaret. ' ,-'Do you remember Mts Heman's poem, L' ord Greville ? ' ' Yes,' he replied, smiling at her childish pleasure-' it is in most school-books. I -have many wonders to show you, Mrs Lynden, and I am delighted to have an appreciative audience, if it does consist of only one.' He laughed lightly. 'I am sure that I can never thank you sufficiently,' Margaret said " This is one of the most enjoyable days I have ever known !' " His dark face flushed, and he bent to wards her almost eagerly. k t ' We will turn into yonder conservatory, and escape the others. They will find no pleasure in what they have seen before, and only spoil ours.' He spoke rapidly and almost in a whisper. Lady Natalio's clear voice fell upon their ears. She was talking gaily to Arthur Fielding. The Rector and Jessie were a little way behind. S 'Margaret!' Jessie cried, but, with a laugh, the young Earl hurried Mrs Lynden long. 'It will be famous fun,' he said-' a game of hide-and-seek ! The Fieldings are spoil sports this morning, and my sister is not enjoying the sweetest of tempers. She does not like strangers to see that our ancestral Shome is falling into decay. ihe accuses me £qfparading our poverty, Mrs Lynden.' `Are you poor, then ?' Margaret asked wonderingly. ' In the sense that my estates are too vast, and my income is not sufficient to sunport my dignity. My grandfather squandered two vast fortunes, and then mortgaged Greville Ball. It was the sorrow of my father's life, and he returned to our place at Ferndale. I keep a few servants here, but I cannot entertain my neighbours as I should like. Ah, you cannot think how I love the dear old place-every tree, every stone I ' They were walking through a great con servatory filled from end to end with rare plants and flowers; the air was heavy with perfume, and the heat was almost tropical. Margaret was bewildered by the endless beauty, by the rich variety of colour. ' I could spend the whole day here,' she e said. r 'You may do so some time, or as many I days as you wish; but at present I want 1 you to see the library and the chapel. t Young Fielding can amuse himself in the V picture-gallery if he chooses.' He shrugged ii his shoulders. ' Arthur is abominably ill- f tempered to-day.' I ' Poor boy ! ' Margaret said sympathetic- e ally, ' He is clever, but- ' d ' But there's madness in his brain,' supple- s mented the Earl. ' Here we are, Mrs Lyn- I den, in the central hall.' 'He turned sharply r among the maze of flowers, and pushed open a large glass door. 'The chapel first, and N then we can rejoin our friends. You may e thirk it strange, but I have a prejudice against strangers passing within the sacred t portals of the chapel. The Fieldings have never seen it-not even the Rector.' Margaret drew back, and he laughed t merrily. ' Your presence, Mr Lynden, sweeps my prejudices away, so far as you yourself are ooneerned. You are not afraid?' ' Afraid of what ? ' she asked innocently. ' I will tell yoe later. There is a foolish rhyme believed in by the superstitious But-pshaw ! One minute, please. I will fetch the keys; I keep them fast locked away in my,,library safe. You do not mind ? ' ' Oh, no !' How kind and considerate he was ! How the music of his voice lingered in her ears ! - He moved swiftly from her side, and Margaret stood alone in the great square hall. A shaft of golden sunlight pierced the glass dome in the roof, and rested on the gleaming marble stairs, on the carved oak balustrade. The walls were covered with priceless pictures; a group of statuettes by celebrated English and Florientine sculptors represented a small fortune; the massive candelabra of solid silver glittered in the sun light. ' And this is poverty ' murmured the girl. An icy'chill swept over her, and she shiver ed. A man servant flitted by; then Lord Greville's quick footstep was heard, and he stood beside her, his face flushed, his black eyes glowing. 'I am the sole custodian of the chapel, Mrs Lynden,' he said. 'I hold it sacred to the memory of both my father and my grandfather.' He held a steel ring in his hand, from which hung two large keys-of intricate workmanship and design. ' Are you ready, Mrs Lynden ? ' His voice was full of tenderness. 'I do not wish to hurry you, but I have a dread .of being bothered by our friends, who must be close upon our heels by this time. The Fieldings -I beg pardon,. but do they stand to you in the relationship-the legal relationship-of guardians ? I ask you this because the espionage of Miss Jessie, and even Arthur, must be extremely annoying' to you. Are you a silly child that you cannot be trust ed?' 'Guardians ?' Margaret laughed scorn fully. ' You are not offended with me ? ' 'Why should I be ? The Fieldings are nothing to me. I am a paying guest, at liberty to leave the Rectory when I choose !' She spoke with great warmth. ' I am glad to hear it-very glad ! Miss Fielding represented to me that you were their charge-that Captain Lynden reposed great confidence in them, and- But there -I am getting muddled ; I was afraid that the Rector's permission was required for even a little diversion of this kind. I see how matters are. Captain Lynden has evidently great confidence in the Fieldings ; and Jessie's natural love for you affects her discretion.' Margaret's heart was filled with rosent ment. Her husband had professed that he loved her, and yet he had deceived her in many things, and he could not trust her. Lord Greville led the way through a dimly-lighted corridor, directlj under the 1 main staircase, until the passage was barred by a great door, which at first sight appeared to be a part of the solid masonry. Beyond this was yet another door, of similar strength and proportions, the intervening space being occupied by a colossal figure in armour ; the great nailed hands grasped a a battle-axe, swung high in the air. Margaret shrank back with a little cry of fear, then she laughed at her own folly. 'Pardon me,' theo" Earl said, a note of tenderness and regret in his deep musical voice ; ' I ought to have warned you. In the half light it is easy to imagine that fierce eyes are glaring upon us through the eyelets of the steel casque.' When the second door swung open, Mar garet Lynden's wondering eyes beheld the Smysterious Eastern Chamber, or" Grevillo's SFolly,' as it ha$ at one time been called. A little gasp of astonishment and delight Sescaped her lips in childish fashion. The young Earl's face had grown pale, and his. lips twitched. ' Welcome to the chapel, Mrs Lynden 1' he said quietly. He turned half round, and the door closed upon them.. 'We are safe from your friends now. You are not afraid ?' ' No-I am not afraid. What is there to Sbe afraid of ?' He pointed to an :inscription over the door. ' You must read that when your eyes become accustomed to the half-light. Now let us go forward.' There was a short pillared aisle which seemed to terminate in an intricate network of arcades and niches filled with quaintly carved figures. A half-crimson, half golden light filtered through the rich silken curtains that draped the great archway at the end of the aisle. When these were I pushed aside, Margaret found herself in a large oval chamber, which was steeped in an atmosphere of golden gloom. There was only one window-a perfect oriel of stained glass, crowded with saints, whose gorgeous robes gleamed crimson, azure, and gold. The walls were draped with tapestry of wonderful texture and design ; the floor was covered with rich Turkey carpets as soft as moss. The furniture was purely Oriental, the blending of the whole produc ing an effort at once bewildering and beautiful. Upder the window was a marble fountain, the perfumed waters of which fell into a basin beneath in drops of many coloured gems, making fairy music that lulled and soothed the senses. Above the fountain a beautifully-sculptured figure of Flora held forth a bowl of odorous flowers. Margaret Lynden stood like one entranced \- a beautiful picture in the golden shadows a of this wonderful chamber. Lord Grevillo a regarded her with fiercely-smouldering eyes His heart was stirred to its depths. He loved this girl, with her saintly loveliness- though she was another man's wife-the wife of a beggarly soldier i He knew that 7 it was madness, but he believed that it was fate. Her face was enraptured-the tender t lips were half parted, while the crimson-and orange gleams from the stained windowr deepened the gold in the strands of her shining hair. ' You are pleased, Mrs Lyndon ?' he mur Snured in her ear. ' Pleased is scarcely the word, Lord Gre ville. I am filled with wondermint, rever once, and awe !' ' Then I am well repaid. I can even bless the memory of my evil eccentric grandfather who is responsible for all that you see here. Sometimes I fancy that his spirit still haunts the old place,' he added half musingly. He turned to a recess, and, flinging back a heavy velvet curtain, revealed an elabor ate organ. ' Do you play, Mrs Lynden ? I have plenty of sacred music here. I amuse myself in various ways in this chamber of mysteries. I am an enthusiastic musician.' ' Then you must play to me, Lord Greville I am sure that I should be unable to con centrate my thoughts upon anything now.' 'Your slightest wish is my law !' He bowed and smiled but his black eyes were aflame, and his hands trembled so that he found a difficulty in lighting the wax tapers set in the silver candelabra on either side of the organ. ' Have you any preference, Mrs Lynden ?' he asked, seatiing himself before before the music. ' No,' replied Margaret faintly. His fingers glided over the keys, and the chamber was filled with a mystic dreamy melody. He had the exquisite touch of a master-hand and Margaret's face was soon wet with tears. She gazed up at the painted roof with its arabesque carvings, and saw, that it was crowded with angel-faces. They were smiling down upon her. The fountains way' murmuring a sweet rhythmical song, the waters falling in showers of iridescentdrops. Was this earth, or a glimpse of some better world ? The organ burst into fuller sound, and Lord Grevillo's impassioned voice sang to the painted angels above him. ' With snow-white veil and garments as o 3 flame. f She stands before thee who so long ago a Filled the young heart with passion and the woe From which thy song and all its splendours came ; And, while with stern rebuke she speaks thy name, \- The ice about thy heart melts as the snow On mountain heights, and in swift overflow f Comes gushing from thy lips in sobs of shame a Thou makest full confession ; and a gleam, As if the dawn on some dark forest cast, Seems on thy lifted forehead to increase Lethe and Eunoe-the remembered dream And the forgotten sorrow-bring at last The perfect pardon which is perfect peace. " ' I lift mine eyes, and all the windows blaze With forms of saints and holy men who died, e Here martyred, and hereafter glorified; t And the great Rose upon its leaves displays Christ's triumph, and the angelic roundelays, With splendour upon splendour multiplied ; And Beatrice again at Dante's side a No mere rebukes, but smiles her word of praise. a And then the organ sounds, and unseen choirs d Sing the old Latin hymns of peace and love, And benedictions of the Holy Ghost ; And the melodious bells among the spires O'er all the house-tops, and through heaven r above, S Proclaim the elevation of the Host!' " The music ceased and the Earl hastily r arose. ' I am passionately fond of music,' he said apologetically. ' I lose myself-I cannot a help it. People call me a strange man for 1 one so young. I have not the best of char acters s; but they do not understand me, and I do not value the opinion of the world that much.' .JHc snapped his fingers and laughed I 'My sister does not approve of my conduct, I and she will be scandalised by this escapade I of ours. I hope that I have not done you any wrong, Mrs Lyndon-I hope that you do not care ? ' o Margaret raised her startled eyes to his t dark handsome face. ' Done me any wrong ?' she echoed. ' On the contrary, you have been exceedingly kind. I would not have missed this pleas f nre for worlds, and I do not care for either I Lady Natalie's 'censure or her praise. z Neither can possibly affect me.' Her sweet t face flushed, her eyes flashed resentfully. ' You do not like my sister, Mrs Lynden ?' He laughed softly. 'I do not,' she replied. ' Lady Natalie is Sproud and cold. hllere is a natural antag onism betwRden us-there is a social gulf between us.' Her lip curved disdainfully. t 'I have heard of Lady Natalie before.' ' From Captain Lynden, I think? ' s. ' From my husband.' 'You astonish me,' Lord Grevillo said Searnestly. 'Captain Lynden must have Srepeated mere gossip to you. I'd not even Sremember his name. I regret it, but I am Safraid your husband must have deceived you. Pardon my bluntness.' He saw that her eyes were filled with tears. ' If I have · pained you I shall never forgive myself.' Sit is not that, Lord Ulrevillo,' iXargaret 9 stammered. 'It is the fear that Captain Lynden has deceived me in many other things. He told me several times that your r sister-that Lady Natalie and he had once been engaged.' This was not a serious crime to the Earl's z way of speaking, but he looked very grave, though the absurdity of the barefaced assertion amused him. A beggarly captain L in a line regiment engaged to his sister ! C 'Captain Lynden was e.igaging in a little bit of fun,' he said-' or perhaps he wished to impress you with a sense of his import ance, Mrs Lyndon. I should not tread upon such delicate ground, only that I have heard so much of your story from the Roector, and from your own charming lips.' He suddenly raised her hand to his lips, and imprinted upon it a burning kiss. Mar garet's cheeks flamed, and' she drew away from him, startled. In an instant he was penitent, but there was fire in his bold black eye. 'I could not help kissing your hand, Mrs 4 Lynden,' he said softly. 'Where is the harm ? - We are two young people with sympathies in common. I am but mortal, i but you are as beautiful as an angel.' His manner changed instantly. 'Come- we must return instantly to the others. The t Rector will be angry with me--dear pious a old man.' He extinguished the tapers, then glanced about him lovingly, lingeringly. ' Good-bye to my idols fo- a little while. We will come again soon-you and I, AMrs Lynden.' [Margaret did not reply. There was a wild fluttering at her hehrt, The painted angols were smiling down upon her. The tinkling fountain flashed its gloaming gems. Lord Grevillo touched her arm g-ntly, and stepped along the pillared aisle. She followed and soon the great doors had opened and closed behind them. ' We forgot the inscription,' he said ; ' but I will repeat it to you by-and-by. Another day you shall read it for yourself.' He looked into her eyes, ' I wish that my sister and the people from the Rectory were miles away !' ' Why should you wish that ?' Margaret asked innocently. ' Why? Shall I tell you why ?' He paused and bit his lip' fiercely,/for at that moment Lady Natalie's ringing laughter fell upon his ears. 