CHITCHAT. A writer in "Literature" emphasises anew the fact that the happiest author is the man who thinks and talks, but does not write—but of whom it is said that he could if lie tried. He has none of the troublea of platolng books.none of the sufferings of the adversely ctltt'cieed, or of the n&useatingly; adulated. He can. rest on his nefouldub: f>me, assured. of the adknira'tion of his friends, and protecte/d-. f rom .'toe attacks of his', enemies. For .as the writer of 'Who article cays, "Juet as ths heaviest fisto are ■those 'Which are-lost, so the 'beet books are those which remain uniwritten. Their au thors' are too wise." One is. often tempted 'to wish thaVt'herd were more, authors who could content tttiemselyes with, thinking and- talking instead of fleeing to the fatal fascination oif pen and ink as Soon as a mediocre idea, or a miVeh- dis'cuE'sed problem, occurs to them. The Bishop of Ripon, in his ninth paper on " The Religious Element in the Poets," contributed to " The Sunday Magazine," dis courses on Browning. 'In rather a telling p'asfeage he says :-r-" Bro\vning its the po?t of life, o;/ simple hii'man life, of ite aiigu'lsih, Its search, its tfoufbt, its despair, its triumph; ho ftads Uyeology, So far as he findj it U ell, through life. ; . He reaches God through life ; he 'has no cut-an'd-dne^ theory ; 'the truths he gfaspfi are pi'a'cttoal truths, ti'ivths'tp act by ; 'he does not ask definition." ■According to 'the Bishop, Browning's standpo int is, that we have tp live., and that it is no uee theorising a'boyt what might hav6 been. 'We must accept life and make the •best-of it. It is idle to criticise can not be altered, anq iwhat perhaps we (hatfe not sufficient d'ato. to criticise at all. It is no use finding faults \yith the rules ol the game we have to play, Ijut it 4s far better to ploy 'the game according to the rules. Mr. Dooley, that inimitable creatUiif^f F. !p. Dunne's, once told his bosom frjenair " Hinnissey," that Rudyard Kipling was Uff4 a fireman Who " shlept with hla poetic paftws on a chair beside th' 'bed," ready to clip \n(ffl tljem the moment the need arose.' And )t really looks like it. 'Whenever something on current events is wanted trja Poet Laureate of the Empire is or hand with a set of verses- " apprTJK priate to tba occasion." From ""Cleared-:1 In' Memory of a-Commission" down to -the poefa. on' 'Australian. Federation, which- ttio ca/bles told us some d&y;£ ago had been puj)-, listed Id tlie " Ttoies," there is hardly anf epoch-malilng 'event with which he has not; dealt. Unlllce tfee official iPoet Laureate hb has a free hand,. aii'd is not. compelled la: write veree to order op the various events p£ Court'llfe, anij he makes the best of his 'op portunities. '"~ '•'} It would be interesting to prophesy the matter .apd tna'nner of Rudyard Islpljng'9, federation poem. There will, of course, be references to south 'Africa In it, and alflp. perhaps one to "the six white men all*ofl. a row"'of the "Song of the Native BorVV iPerhaps he wilj have a verse for each of th.c federating colonieji, setting forth its parti cular characteristics, with, a finale drawing them all together. There is boxmd to be an Imperialistic spirit evinced, and equally M sured will be his journalistically correct knowledge of 'Australia affairs and colqfilf^ customs. It is a good..chance for Kipllo* imitators in these colonies (a;nd of these there are not a few) to try their. hand on h poem in their master's manner, and ccc how close they can go to the original- , The: time has now gone by when Misa Marie. Corelll was taken seriously by £<* reading'public, and •• The Master Ohrlstmfc ? contains some curious social and historical facts which are hardly what might be ex pected even from her. Thus we learn Wr the first time that " few -Wafts (in UaljJX believe in the chastity of English WQQgg; •because they see ' the fair and free oflQUj going to parties, theatres, arid so on v>\Wl escorts of the opposite sex." Also th|t " most Italians write verse as easily as tj#x eat macaroni." Paris is! a " city enthrone^ in wickedness," " godless," hollow to the very core of rottenness," " wanlon, . an? various other epithets distinctly uncompli mentary to the capital of France. Fin?U?. she makes a learned abbe .imply that Jo\'o and Jupiter are (or were) rival deities; Midfl Corelli had evidently not read up her LenV priere well before she made that startling statement. . ( In her* latest, the demand for which, ac-. .cording to the publisher's announcement, continues to' exceed all precedent, Marie, Corelli again airs her grievances, agains* the critics. Her. heroine is not, this time, a literary woman, but an artist. She hatf, however, some points in common with tnq heroine in "The Sorrows ofSatan." Qw' among which is that, being a woman, ".stfej must not, by means of brush or pen, point out to a corrupt generation the way it; is going," because, forsooth, " God has created her as a helpmeet to man." In reply to ■this outburst she Is warned that " the vine gar and gall will be very quickly mixed ana offered to her by the whole world of criticism without a moment's hesitation." And; so it is that the much-injured lady novelist poses as a martyr once more before an un sympathetic world, who can only remember the fact that the agony she endures must [be somewhat modified by her publishers be-• I ing enabled to announce 100,000 copies of''hetf book printed before publication. The unconscious appropriation and. th.? overlapping.of titles is becoming increas ingly evident, and-a new terminology, for fiction will have to be considered shortly-. It is hardly safe nowadays for any authdr. to adopt an alliterative name for his book, or one that contains any reference to pro verbs and catch phrases. Miss .Marie Corelli is the latest offender in this respect, and her two latest volumes are both guilty of overlapping. In the " Master Christian" sheobviously. recalls Israel Zangwill's '.'The Master" and Hall Caine's " The Christian," both widely known and popular. But so lar no apology for thus adopting—greedily unkind people will say—two titles has been received from the lady. Her other worlf, "Boy," has forestalled the author of "Tip cat," who had intended to use it, and forced him into falling back upon a sort of CorelU- Barrle comTjination, " Tom's Boy," which seems unkind to the author, to say the least. ; Following are a few interesting items of book news :—" Q's" book fjf short' stories, entited " Old Fires and Profitable Ghosts," is almost ready for publication.—" Tommy and Grizel," J. M. Barries sequel to " Sen^ tlmental Tommy," telling of Tommy's ad ventures in London in search of fame and fortune, is in the hands of Messrs.- Cassell and Co. —James Nlsbet's autumu ' list in cludes " Non Sequitur" (M. E. Coleridge), " The Flower of the Flock" (W. ID. NonMs), "Wages'.1 (Mrs. L. T. Meade), and "On War's Red Tide; a story of the Boer war" (Dr. Gordon Stablos),—The first edition ot Benjamin Swift's "Nude Souls" has been, exhausted, and a second impression is in course of preparation.—" The New Order,'" described as a novel of to-day, by Osvv'alfl Crawford, is the first work of fiction to ap pear by this auThor gince " Sylvia.Arden." —The rumour that the Princess Henry o{ Pless is tjhetauthor of " Jsjllzabeth and Her. German, Garden." has been contradicted by the " Dally Chronicle" from " an authori tative souroe-"—Mr§. Dudeney's book, " Folly Corner," after having entered upbt its third editio'a' fn America, is beliij dramatised by Miss Jeahette Glider, Q < New York.—Eden Phll.lpott's novel, " Spftt of the Morrung." has its scene laid on th< borders of DartrndOr.—A volume that \\}i\ be received wUh interest is to be call?* (i Sport ap-d TriVel, $ast ahd West" hi Mi*, \,ke faluou? big game hunter.-** William Heiriemann al)Ooupces " A Little- Tour in France," 'by Hettry James, a verM personal Hcdr4 of his wanderjngs, iri Touralne, add of hie visits to the historical cities of that delightful cpuntry.-S. Bar ing Gould has", through Methuen. published a new novel, entitled " Wini/red-" 