BETWEEN THE LINES, JL DETECTIVE STORY. (BY BURFORD DELLANNOT.J CHAPTER XXVIIL— PLIGHT. As fast as hie legs would carry him the Frenchman ran, spurred on by thoee two words, 'Coward! murderer!' which never ceased to ting in his ears.. He had been seen. All his trouble, the risk he had gone to, were wasted, and presently the hue-and-cry would be out against him for murder. What a fool he had been! This was the end of his scheming! He slipped and stumbled again and again as he ran in the dark towards the Hall. Its open doorway faced him, but he avoided it He crept round the house to enter the back way, hoping to reach his bedroom unnoticed, by thft servants' staircase. He felt that he must look terror-stricken, and he wanted to remove that look and to think before he faced anyone. Just by the open study window be caught hip foot in the wire edging of one of the flower beds, and measured his length on the grass. He uttered a curse, but remained still for a moment, fearing that Sir George, who was sitting by his study- table with his back to the window, might have heard him. Then he rose and hurried into the house, up the stairs to his room. He lit the candles on his dre9sing-table with trembling hands, and looked at his reflection ?IB the glass. He started back in affright— be ?was as white as a ghost! How thankful he was that he had had sense enough to avoid entering the house openly! Unlocking his Gladstone bag, and extracting a small spirit flask, the contents brandy, he poured some into the glass on his washhand stand and drank off the contents. The spirit brought back the color to his cheeks, hope to his heart. It had been dark, he argued, the outline of his figure had been seen perhaps in the sum mer dusk, but recognition— unpo-ssible! Yet, if the wituess had been able to see his figure! And then fear seized on him again. Would it not be better to fly at once before it became too late? He pondered for a long time. H*» lotriced at his watch; he started when re realised that he had been sitting in hLs bedroom thinking for nearly half an hour. It was then live uiiuuies to ten. That night there was a late train down from Ixyudou. He knew ihat, because Ashley was coming home by it. Once a week the com pany Van a theatre train, leaving London at midnight. There was, therefore, a late up tram on that occasion, and he knew that to night he could leave G-raynewood Station for London at 10.25. Hound by the road it was more than half an hour's walk, but if he cut across the fields he could cover the distance in less than fifteen minutes. He could lower his portmanteau from the window to the ground by one of the sheets off his bed. walk out of the house quietly, pick up his bag, and be off without a goul being the wiser. Then another drink of brandy made him change his miuJ. Why should he cut and run? Would nut that very act excite suspi cion? Better light a cigar and stroll down stairs as if he had been in the house all the evening. There was nothing like putting a bold face on things, j-o the brandy told him. He ran a comb through his hair, and report ed hi.9 moustachios. took a final look at him eelf in the mivrur (the alcohol had brought h's color back), and extinguished both hie candles. He walked to ihe door and opened it, but did not cross its threshold. He was arrested by the furious ringing of a bell, the sound of hur rying ftH't. talking below, and there came up to him the word 'murderer.' He shut the door and v supported himself against it— he needed support Just then. It had been found out then already, and they W^re after him! What a fool that he had not escaped before! He looked at his watch, there was yet time. The railway line ran be yond the fdot of the garden; he could even see the signal-light which was there. He would hurry along the line to the station. He was throwing his things into his portman teau as he thought this. Then he suddenly stopped. He heard the clatter of many feet coming up the stairs. He sprang to the door and turned the key in it. If they were after him he would sell his life dearly— he would not be taken alive. He felt in his breast for the aheath-knife — gone! He cursed his luck; it must have dropped from him when he fell on the grass— more evi dence against him! The steps hurried nearer his door— passed. He gave a sigh of thank fulness, and, after wiping the sweat from his brow, strapped his bag. He drew a sheet from his bed, and running it through the handles of his bag, went to the window. That side of the house there was not a sound to be heard. He lowered the bag and drew up the sheet; should he jump? Too risky. He knotted two sheets together, and, fastening an end to his bed-rail, lowered him self by that means to within a few feet of the ground; the rest of the distance he dropped. The railway line or the short cut? The former, quicker, but more dangerous— he might catch his foot in the sleepers. So he hurried along on the path. . . .He reached the 6tation, and took his ticket for London. He was the only passenger on the platform. The train came in late; he hurried into an empty compartment, and, huddled in a corner, was carried Landonwards. The train did not stop again till it reached the terminus, when, Within a few minutes of its arrival, it returned as the theatre train. But there was another passenger from Graynewood — a woman came, panting for breath, on to the platform as the train was starting. She was known to the officials, or she would not have been allowed to leave without a ticket. As it was, she was helped into the moving train, and she too was carried Londonwards. Just before midnight, a few minutes late, the train reached Waterloo. As 'Lucy alighted she saw the Frenchman lifting his- portman teau out of a carriage ahead.: A porter took it and walked to the exit, the Frenchman fol lowing— Lucy followed him. They passed Ashley Grayne on the platform, but he did not appear to see them. He was there with his bicycle, going back to Grayne wood by tho train. Lucy was startled at see ing him. and started back. That moment widened the distance between herself and the Prencbman. At the barrier, too, she had to ascertain the amount of the fare, and pay it in cash. Free, she ran out of the station. The Glad stone bag was on top of a hansom, and the Count was standing on the step, calling to the driver: '66A Dean- street, Soho.' In a moment the cabman had whipped up his horse, and was driving away. Lucy hur ried to cross the yard just as a late arrival in a 'hansom dashed into the station. Furious driving, a confused woman, and the horse's hoofs did the rest. There was a scream, and then the rapidly gathered together crowd pick ed her up, bleeding and senseless. The horse which had knocked her down was, a few minutes after, drawing her unconscious form to the nearest hospital. CHAPTER XXIX.— LONDON DETECTIVE AND COUNTY CONSTABLE. That was what happened at midnight at Wa terloo Station. At Grayne Hall at the same hour excitement was reigning. Sir George Grayne was lying on the study floor dead, and his nephew Reginald was In the custody of the police, charged with his murder. Vere was prostrate with grief, for things looked black against the man she loved, and who had only that evening told her he loved her etUl, and that his infatuation— his blind in fatuation— for Miss Westcar was at an end. He was arrested in the study beside the dead man, and when the servants entered the room he had the knife— a keen, double-edged wea pon—with which. the murder had been commit ted, in his hand. # His late quarrel with his uncle' was known to every member of the household. He had been forbidden the house, and yet he was found on the premises in the dead man's pre sence. ' No servant had admitted him; things indeed looked black against him. Miss Westcar moved about the house like a woman in a dream. The house she had been building proved but of cards— it had tumbled down. Her plans, her ideas; her pictured fu ture had crumbled away. She was mad with an inward rage— rage against the hand which had struck the blow, and so foiled the scheme she had laid herself out to carry through— the scheme for her future happiness. -And who was the murderer? With Vere, she new perfectly well that' it was not Reggie. Like Vere, she knew him too well to, for a. moment, imagine him guilty of bloodshed ding. He was in custody, and under gravely suspicious circumstances; but that was all. The last train brought Ashley home. He was inexpressibly shocked to be met with the tidings of Ms uncle's murder. For some time he seemed too dazed to realise it, and eat as one petrified. Then his grief was so deep that the servants were greatly moved by. it; they had not thought him so fond of his uncle. The night through in that house no man or woman slept. Daybreak was welcomed, breakfast was welcomed, anything to compel the doing of something and possible forgetful ness of the- dead master. ../; ,' ?-!, The police had wired to London, and by the first down-train a detective caine— Detective Janson. The local poliqe rather ridiculed the idea of London assistance^ the case seemed so plain to them. There was the recent quaere! between uncle and nephew, and the surreptiti ous entrance into the house. It was as plain to the local police as the nose on your face. Their idea of the acumen of the London de tective fell considerably before he had been I half an hour on the premises. He had heard the story from all lips hi, practically, silence; and when the narrators .were exhausted, and the local sergeant was boasting of his safe cus tody of the murderer, Janson threw cold wa ter on the local force. 'See here, sergeant,' he said, 'don't you make too sure that you have got the right sow by the ear. I have had a day or two s— just a day or two's — experience more than you have, and by it I have learnt that it is not always the most guilty-looking man who Ls guilty.' 'Oh, there's no doubt in this case, sir.' 'Um! think not? Well, don't let me inter fere with your opinion, you know; all the same, it's just as well not to start counting your eggs before they're laid. Lived here all your life, sergeant, eh?' 'Yes.'' 'Looks a truly rural sort of place. Murders don't crop up too often, eh?' 'Never been one except last year; Sir George's wife was murdered on the road some few miles from here.' 'I lemember. You didn't catch the mur derer?' 'No; but we have been more fortunate this time.' Janson looked at him, but tendered no more advice. He said: 'Well, you may be right, Leyland. Don't let me keep you. You have your prisoner locked up in one of the rooms here? Very well, just let me have a look ar him, and 'then I won't bother you any more. Whilst you ar» doing your duty taking him to the station, I'll amuse myself looking over the house. Two o'clock before there'll be a bench of magi strate*, you say? Very well, ? I'll see you again there. And now for the prisoner.' The sergeant led the way to the butler's pan try. It had a heavily barred window, and but one door;'it had been selected for that rea son. Outside this a policeman was on duty. 'I've stretched a point, Mr. Janson, here. The prisoner is engaged, I think, to the daugh ter of the house, and so I have permitted them to have an interview. You don't think it wrong?' 'Wrong?— in this particular case? Oh, no!' The policeman opened the door, and janson entered. Vere and Reggie were sitting talk ing. He was endeavoring to comfort her, and she was endeavoring to comfort him. The union was filling in the time pleasantly. To the sergeant's extreme surprise', the detective walked straight over to the prisoner, and, stretching out his hand, said: 'How do you do, Mr. Reginald? I'm a de tective from London, come down to get you out 'of this mess you are in.' Vere impulsively sprang to her feet, and, seizing the detective's arm, said: 'You don't believe him guilty?' 'Not a scrap more than I am myself.' 'Thank God!' And then she swayed; but a few sharp words from the detective acted like a tonic. 'Come, come, no fainting! I am down here to help the prisoner, and you must help me,' She was herself again in a moment. 'And now, Mr. Reginald, you quite under stand that I don't ask you any questions, and anything you may say may be used in evi dence against you later on.' 'I've told him that,' interposed the sergeant. Janson smiled. 'I have nothing to conceal,' said the prisoner. 'Maybe not,' said Janson; 'but all the same, I'll listen to the story from the lady's lips, if you don't mind. Now you can say good-bye for a bit, can't you? The sergeant here has got a fly waiting, and he will want you to go with him — down the village, because, of course, there must be an examination before the magi strates. You must expect a day or two's im prisonment whilst we find the real murderer, you know. And now' — he put his arm through the sergeant's, and led that mystified officer to the door to give the lovers a chance of a more private farewell — 'say good-bye. And you, miss, I will wait for. I want to have a talk to you.' Outside the door the sergeant looked with amazement at the London detective, and that worthy increased the amazement by winking? and tapping his nose thrice with his forefinger. Sergeant,' he whispered, if you re careful I should not wonder if you got promoted over this little job.' And that opinion coinciding with the Sferr geant's own, he began to have a better idea of the London detective. Perhaps it was his way to work like that, to pretend friendliness while he was pumping for information. After all, it wasn't a bad idea. He would try it himself the next time he got a chance. . (To be continued.) 