Death of Professor Pepper. Illusions rast and Present. j In the death of Professor Pepper, at his residence in Colworth-road, Ley- tonstone, there passes away a per- sonage who may be rightly looked upon as the originator of the modern style of illusion. He was the creator some thirty years ago of the cele- brated " Pepper's Ghost," and for ; some time earned much fame and no : little fortune by the exhibition of an ; illusion which was then looked upon ; as marvellous, but the secret of ยก which is easily explained. Professor Pepper and his " Ghost " opened up a new era in the world of modern magic. On the origin of this illusion Mr. Maskelyne, of Egyptiau Hall fame, and of whom no better author- j ity on such subjects is living, was ! able to throw much light. " Pepper,'' said Mr. Maskelyne, really got his idea from walking one day down a passage in St. James' Hall, at the end of which was a mirror, and he saw himself reflected from a dark background. In fact, to-day you see "Pepper's Ghost," that is to say, yourself, everywhere. In a railway train, travelling at night,-you can see your figure and face reflected outside, apparently in space, or in a dark room with a strong light be- hind. It was, however, a young engineer * named Diroks who first came to Pepper "with the idea in the workable form. The latter saw there was something in it, and took out a patent. The result was most successful, and Pepper made a lot of money. Moreover, his success gave a great impetus to the magic busi- ness. It brought in men of talent, men who could think and devise new and original effects with mirrors. One of these was a man named Syl- vester, also known as the Fakir of Ooloo, who improved considerably on "Pepper's Ghost." Pepper had his mirror standing at an angle of 45deg., and reflected from the wings, with the result that from certain parts of the house the figure did not always look straight. Sylvester got over this difficulty by inclining the mirror which faced the audience to a more acute angle, and placing the person to be reflected below the stage, in what was called the " oven," because it was always so hot down there, and the body was then reflected from behind by strong lime light. The cleverest thing, however, that Pepper ever did-and this was in conjunction with a Mr. Walker, who was an organ-builder - was what was called the "Metempsychosis." Here the glass, instead of being stationary, was movable. Great care was taken to prevent the edges of the' mirror being seen. The great thing was to move the mirror across the stage and enable a female per- former to take the place pf the man, or vice versa.,. At the time the idea was considered extremely novel, and was undoubtedly effective. With regard to the latest form of illusions, Mr. Maskelyne, for obvious reasons, was unable to be explicit, though he admitted that without diagrams it was very difficult to adequately convey the idea of how an illusion is managed. " To-day," he continued, " the work has become far more complex. You may safely say it has entered the highest degrees of mechanics. The illusionist must be a student and have a profound knowledge of physics. You can't invent new illusions. It's no use sit- ting down and thinking them out. It is not merely a question of needing an idea and then working it out. You have to create the need, so to speak, and very often a scheme is rendered impracticable owing to the nature of your surroundings. More- over, he wants to be, if anything, a little ahead of the times, to be quick enough to turn some novelty to account before it becomes known to the public. As an instance, Houdin, the French conjurer, in the days when electricity was in its infancy, made a tremendous hit with an electrical drum, suspended in mid- air, with the tappers inside. People came and marvelled. It's no use doing that to-day. Everyone knows how it is done. . So we have to give them the drum with the tappers out- side, electric sparks and everything, No, the difficulty to-day is not tc deceive the public, but the expert the man who knows the business and has studied it. It is not difficult to deceive the average audience because sitting comfortably, per- haps smoking, they don t trouble tc find out. But it's not the same with the expert. He knows the points ol the business, and yet I flatter mysell I have been able to deceive him as completely as the less scientific members of my audience." 