A SPECTRE'S HAITI). Ghosts Eo-appaar at Hanntsd Hampton. Historic Spoctrss of tho Palaos. Titat Hampton Court Palaca in Bng£ land :a reputed to ba haunted i3 by no means the least of its many and* un doubted attractions, and within tho last few days some consternation has bean caused by the apparition of r. spectral hand moving over the old Flemish tapestries in tho Guard Chamber. An artist from tho South HenEing ton Museum, who has until lately uecn engaged in copj'ing the old tapestries, asserts that a ghostly hand —that of a woman, wearing, among others, a beautiful rnarquiso ring— frequently appeared hovering over tho tapestry, so unnorving him that he has discontinued his work. It is generally supposed ia the Palace that it is the hand of Catherine Howard, whose ghost has long been supposed to haunt the galleries. Catherine Howard seems to bo rather troublesome, for not only does she appear, but shrieks wildly through the old myatenous " Haunted Gal lery," It was here that she escaped j from her chamber when imprisoned there before being sent to the Tower, and ran along to seek an interview with Henry VIII., who was hearing I Massin thechspel. Just as she reached ; tho door the guards seized her and I carried her back, while her ruthless husband, in spite of her piercing screams, which were heard almost ail over the palace, continued his de votions unmoved. And in this gallery a female form dressed in white has been seen coming towards the lioyal pew, and just as she reaches it hurries back with a look of despair, uttering unearthly shrieks till she passes through tb? dcor at the end of the gallery. The gallery is no v.- the lumber-room for old pictures, and as the staircase is locked up the voico of the shrieking Q.uesa is but rarely heard. Another of Henry's wives, Jane Seymour, also haunts the old-world rooms; a spectre has been seen to emerge from, the doorway in the Queen's old apartments, and wander about with a lighted taper in her hand j on the stairs, and in the neighboring Silver-stick Gallery. Another and better- known Hamp ton Court giiost, the accounts of whose appearance are much more definite and circumstantial than aro usually forthcoming in such cases, is that oi Mistress Sibell Penu, who, in October, 153S—exactly a year after Jane Seymour's death — hscs.uie foster mother to the young prince HJ.ward She died at Hampton Court in 1552, and was buried in Hampton Church, which was pulled down in 1529, and Mistress Peun's tomb -was irreverently disturbed and her remains scattered, although one account states that the body had previously been removed. But whenever the desecration oc- curred, certain it is—so the story goes—that immediately after the shifting of Mistress Perm's monument, strange noises, as of a woman working at a 3pinning- wheel, and mattering tho while, were heard through the wall of one of the rooms in the large apartment in iha south-we3t wing of the palace. AVhen search was made by the Board of Works in the direc tion whe.'tco these mysterious sounds proceeded, an ancient, and until then unknown, chamber was discovered, in which an antique spinning-wheel was found, and the old oak planks were seen to be worn away where the treadle struck the floor. The idea broached at the time was that, on account of the desecration of the tomb, her spirit had returned to haunt the rooms sho had occupied during life. No further manifestations were noticed until a few years ago, when the phenomena were renewed, and have since become increasingly frequent and startling. The low whirr of an unseen spiuuing-wheel, the wierd rautterings of a sepulchral voice, and the stealthy tread of invisible feet have been heard by many ; and it is further affirmed that Mistress Perm's tall , gaunt form, dressed {in a long grey robe, with a hood over her head, and a long hand stretched out before her, has been seen in the haunted chamber. This super natural visitation was rendered the more impressive from the narrator being a recent arrival at the Palace, and ignorant of the legend. The judgment of even the most sceptical has been shaken by Mistress Sibell's vagaries and she may certainly claim to rank amog the best authenti of historical ghosts. 