THE INTERVIEWER.1 I MISS CABBIE MOOBIL [ '"People say I want a. rest and that the j strain ci constant work is killing me." Miss | Carrie Moore threw back her opera-cloak land extended an arm-a white plump arm that Cinova w<>a'j have worshipped. "Does 1 that look like as if I was an invalid?" t ! "Einily," murmared the interviewer, as politely as his admiration would admit. ^ Miss Mcore snuggled herself back into the ; warm corners of her cloak. "And yet they {say I'm thin and all sorts of horrid things,"' i j she pouted. j | "The monsters." . > j "Oh, they're not too bad. the pablic-' i although they will applaud final top note* ; that make me feel inclined to howl. They've f treated me very well, but they will not i 'notice that I'm growing. I'm ever so in a oh j i bigger than when I played in last year's j ! izniomtme, and yet nobody notices it. I j i was only fourteen, you know, when I made [ my first appearance in *Diin Djin,' and I people will continue- to look on me as a tyocmgster still, and call me little Carrie f i Moore." | "Wag 'Djin-Djin' the first play yon ap-' pearsd in?" j "The first Melbourne play. Before that; I had appeared at Albury^and Geelong- j that was where I was born, yon know- i bet only as an amateur. There are a lot! of stories about my having come away from a convent, and gone straight on the stage. They're fibs. I was never in a convent in my life, hot my people were awfully re ligions, yon know. "Impossible!" "Thev were.*' persisted Mis Moore. "My father 's father and my mother's father j were both clergymen, and I tL-ed to go to t .Sun-iay-school after I was OD the stage." "And vrhic-h do you prefer, the limelight, or the dim rekigious oneV ".Ask n:e something harder," laughed Miss Moore. "I think the stage is grand, snd I am ~a glad that I took it up. When 1 was quite a little girl in Geelong, some of our mends used to think that I had a voice, and one lady wanted me to be thoroughly trained- She said she wouldn't c: ir.e =ing in Miblic until I was 20. Just think of tha:." "Just think of it," sighed the inter viewer. "But,' continued Miss Moore, "I used to sing all the comic songs of the day to the r.eople who came to onr house, and my girl friends. The Man who Broke the Bank at Monte Carlo,' was ray favourite, and when I ,went to Albnry on a visit to my uncle, Mr. Wyattf five years ago, I per suaded him to let me sing at a local eon cert. I came cut in coetuine, and didn't I just fancy mvself. I got an encore, too, ind later in tne evening I did a sketch with mv cousin, Miss Alice \JTyatt. It was a comic domestic squabble, and I was the husband. It took immensely, and J was a proud girl, I can tell you.* When I re turned to Geelong there *was an amateur Eerionnance of 'Pinafore' by the Geelong iedertafel, with Miss Lottie Anderson as Josephine. I wasn't going to be left out, so I tras east as the m.'dshipmite. That was the first time I ever heard 'Pinafore' mueic, and I was greatly taken with it. I little thought I would be playing Josephine myeeii to a Melbourne audience one day." "Was it then that you decided to go on the stage?" "Oh, no!" laughed Miss Moore, "I didn't dec:de at all. It was Grace Palotta who decided for me. Some time after the 'Pina fore' performance I went to my uncle's house in Melbourne, and two or three of the Gaipty Company were there one night. 1 was flaked to sing, and I gave them my 'Man that Broke the Bank. It pleaded them immensely, and Grace Paiotta offered tr take me back with them to Eng land, and pint me on the stage. I longed to go, hut I knew my mother would never hear of it, and it nearly broke my beart foi two or three days. But my uncle wasn't idle. He saw that I had a chance, and a week or two afterwards he told me that he wanted me to sing to some of hie friends. I was willing enough, and we came to town, and walked up to Spring street. As be stopped at tne Princess = Theatre, I saw the wordi 'Stage door' writ* ten up, and said, 'But this is a theatre,! uncle. What are we doing here?' Of courte, I was badly stage-struck, and would | have given anything to go on, but my : early training seemed to come on top, and i when rnv uncle said we were going in, 1 felt a bit shocked. I got over that pretty quickly, though, and followed him upstairs to the crush-room, with my heart bumping in my ears. There were several gentle men there, and I was told to sing lor tbem. I did so, but I don't honestly think I did my best, for I could hear them rehearsing in the theatre, and my only thought was to get through the doors and have a look. The moment my songs were over I rushed away to witch the rehearsal, and I was intent on it, when a gentleman touched me on the arm and said, 'Would you like to go on the stage, little girl?' I hadn't the ghost of an idea who h? was or why I bad been singing, and I said, 'Bather/ without knowing what would be the effect. Then he said, Tou will turn up to rehearsal on Monday; you are to appear in tlie pantomime.' 1 edged away to my uncle, because I couldn't under stand what it all meant. 'Who's that gen tleman who spoke to me, tmeleS" I asked. Mr, Wyatt smiled. That's Mr. William son, the manager of the theatre,' be replied. You can imagine how elated 1 was. I was at that rehearsal an hour before the time, and I was ddigbted to find that I had to sing a duet, 1 Won't Play in Your Yard,' with Ivy Scott, who was my especial heroine at the time. Well, X think it made a sort of a hit. and I was a fixture. They put me in the ballet, and I began to think 1 could dance, and 1 worked in All sorts of parts, until my chance came in Sydney one night, when Ada Willoughby couldn t take the leading part in 'The French Maid,' and jt was sent on at a moment's notice." ' . "You knew her part?" "Knew her parti l Knew every part in j the piece, and all jthe other pieces I was ' iii, and 1 got through BO well that 1 wa»i her regular understudy afterwards. Later on, when theplay was produced in Mel bourne, I took Ada Reeve's part, when she was ill. Bpt X don't like taking parte I've seen other people in. You cairt help imitating them, and my French Maid was only a mixture of Ada Willolighby,B and Ada Beeve's after all,- Then I became principal boy in the 'B,abes in the Wood' pantomime, bjxt I don't like boys'parte, On the last night of 'the Princess's pan tomime this year I really'begged that I might never hare anotherJboy'ji Part.'' . ' ;. TTbaiJwia* w^blly.iipfapei fpfc*'*,>'t t"=; "I 4on't .think so. Do you Imowycne Sunday 1 wasdpwnm GeeJong, xiuruig the wn of the last -an m$. mend I'^e Off-an old tom lip$ Mr it, Caroline,' he replied,' I isw your photo "Xo, it didn't. He just went because he jhad known me since I could walk. He eojoved the show, too, and so do all my friends now. You wouldn't believe the marvellous conversion? I've effected in Gee long. Nobody knew anything about my becoming an actress-not even my own rsotfaer-until the Monday after I ap ip-eared. And wasn't there a row! On, ' dear. Ill never forpet it. Bat it's ail over now. and everybody's satisfied and giad I went on." ""One last question, iliss Moore; what would you do rf all the ssars were yours?*' l Miss Moore thought for & second. Then she laughed again, "I would start a thea trical company of my own." ' t him.*' 