Corns; sensible girl has no more lot a fMsK young snap than for one that is sUtet r ; ' " I feel for you deeply," said the hungry man, probing about In the soup- bowl Sat • stray oyster, ; i " I like to hear a baby try,'' said a crusty old bachelor, " Why T" " Because then (Its little nuisance Is taken out of the room." vr Bapsmlth (sentimentally): " What is sadr^ der than' to have loved and lost T" Kenny? peck (promptly) : " To have loved and gof her." «he: "Is it true, d&rling;, that ytiu gav# the minister £8 for marrying us?" 'Set " Yes, but keep it to yourself. I waa nevef eo swindled in my life." - "That dog certainly seems almost human at times," said old. Mr. Fussy. 4 'Yes," said Mrs. Fussy, " he growls over his Ifboft quite as much as you do." " When I vistt Blackpool in the ebmmer I always, pay a visit to my old landlady." " Weil, I suppose it's only right thai you should pay her something, old man." * He : " Wlhat ? Is lire. Wedalot going to he led to the altar for the third time 1" ghe: "No. 1 should fancy not. She ought to be able to find the way herseir oy-.thls time.". dire. CnntEo: " Your husband-dresses very quietly." IMrs. Cawker : "Does he ?" "You ought to hear him when he cant "llnd his collar, or his sleeve-links become-mfslaid." ^ Mr. Brown : " Good morning, Mr. Jones; how's your wife ?" Mr. Jones (who was deaf and didn't quite understand) > " Very blustering and disagreeable again this morning." " A! Eplendld stroke ! Did you follow the ball, caddie ?"- "No, sir; but I think that gentleman with the red coat can tell where it struck, i see him a-mbbln" 'isselt pretty much." Ikey: " Please, farder, give me a halfpenny for ice cream. I am so hot!" Father : " I key, inein shoe, dot is a valst of money. I will tell you a fine ghost story dat will make your [blood run coid." Young Lady : " I can only be a slEter to you—no more." He : " Thanks. That is very good of you. Have you spoken to your mother of it yet ?" Young Lady : " Of* what ?" He : "My adoption 1" " Do you realise, young man," said the parson, " when you retire to rest at night that you may be called before dawnt" " Why, of course I do," was the response. " I'm the father of a three-weeks-old baby." Mrs. Motherly : " Why is it, George, that you have never thought seriously of getting married?" Georges "Sfou misunderstandme, Mrs. Motherly. I have always thought of it so seriously that I am still a bachelor." Jackson : " How's your family T" Johnson : " Pretty well, thank you !" " Any of your daughters married yet ?" " No ; and I can't understand why they don't go oS. They use powder enough, goodness knows '." De Jones : " I hear your firm discharged you." Smyth? : " Yes ; but I wouldn't m.nl thatGO much'l'f they hadn't added lnsuit to injury." De Jones : " How so ?" Smyifae : " l<hey advertised lor a boy to fill my place.'' Herfectly Serene : " Ever quarrel with your wife?" "No." "Have any trouble with your servants ?" " No." Cnildren •worry you ?" "No." "Grtai Caesar, ma"! how's that ?" " Ain't married ; live by myself." Enamoured Youth: " Your father seems worried about something to-night." Sweet Girl : " Yes, poor pa bas so many business cares." Little Brother: " That • Isn't - it. He's mad because the big dog he bought didn't come." A young man who knows all about it states that his experience bas taught him that a flirt Is a fool who delights in fooling -girls, and the fool who Is fooled by such a, fool is the foollsbest kind of a fool. He's' been fooled badly. Pedestrian : " So you want work, do you 1 Well, you cam get It by going to that fac;oiy over there. There is a placard on the doc" saying there is work for both sexes." Tram. " Sorry, sir ; hut thalt dont help me. I belong only to one sex." " Goodness I We ehall miss the first act," she Bald impatiently. "We've been waiting a good many minutes for that mother of mine-" " Hours, I should say," he replied somewhat acrimoniously. "Ours ?" cried she, rapturously. " Oh, George, this IsBO sudden !" Then she tell upon his neck. Mrs. Smith (thoughtfully): "I'm afraid I shall have to stop giving Bobby tjiat tonic the doctor left him." Mr. Smith (anxiously) : " Why, isn't he any better ?" Mrs. Smith : " Ob, yes I But he has slid down the banisters six times this morning, broken the hall-lamp, two vases, a jug, and a looking glass, and I don't feel as If I could stand much more." Captain Mahan, the first American Peace Commissioner to arrive in New York on his return from The Hague, was met by the usual army of interviewers. But Mrs. Mahan stepped forward, and said to the reporters, " I think you might let me talk to the captain a little while now. I have not seen him for five or six months, and " Wonderful to relate, the American - Pressmen at once withdrew. 