WOMAN'S WHIMS. — * — (Br ' Ai.tioua Peto. ') All tho uomen in Sydney who Ions; for vines, and many others who don't want llicm, or wouldn't knuw 'hat lo do with them if they had them, turned up at the Protestant Hall on Munday night to the, Woman's .Suffrage meeting- Xuey cama chieily t) have a peep at Miss Catherine HaicSpenoe, to run tho lulo of their curiosity over her as it were. Miss Spence, you know, is the woman who contested the Al»nli.in r\f VuilnP-il .lsl-nti Aa In Kmit.Il Alln. tralia. She is a leader-writer on tho Ade laiJe 'Jleeister,' and has deVoted tho best jiiirt of liO years to this Haro-Spenco Bystem of volin;;— Etlectivo Voting, sho styles it. The san:e fid, dry-as-dust arguments, whieli wo all know by rote, were diligently and industriously trotted out, and some so- called public men allccled to concur with them ana the poor duwntrodden lot of woman, the slave. Wind you, I'm no blind worshipper, as you may have noticed, of votes at, any timo ; but I was awfully aroused on Monday night to see tome of those men pretending sympathy, while, as a matter of Inct, I know ot my own coitain knowledge, that if they bad the moral courage, they would withdraw pledges lo support feroalo franchise,' made when they were very young (in politics). However, there was one nice, bright, womanly presence there that made up fur much ul the many hard eh.vvies ; I mean Miss Rise Scott, tho sweet-faced soeretary, to whom tho Lea«uc, I believe, owes its tenure of life, by tho way, Miss Bella '..Toi'Jiug, another oHicc-bearer, has boen appjiuiod an inspector under the Early Closing Act. To revert to Womanhood Suffrage, if Mr. Minister for Mines Fegan is really in enrncst, why doesn't ho introduce it as aUovemmont measure. Also, if Mr. Wise feels serious about the Effective Voting system, why doesn't ho introduce it as a Government measure, instead, as ho proposes, a private inomlicrs bill ? Tho Dress Season has now been fairly in augurated, but Society hasn't yet begun in earnest its policy of Grand Worry— it is just pluying a niild game of humbug, and waiting for tho advent of thoso evening parties up at Government House. I always did take a keen interest in peers and Peeresses, so in common with tho rest of my set. I naturally feel a great load lifted off tho country's mind, now that the ladies are lack, to 'keep on turning ' Willio ' roinul, ftamo as »i Cicor^e-sfcruefc shop-walker daos to a bide- walk dummy. His Ex. is going up to Grafton and Lis more next week, L-onsequcritly many reams of type-written programmes havo been sent about the districts uamsiL Now, wouldn't you tliink that any sane, sensible man, who ought to be used to the game, would know exactly ivhat to improvise ii'lioa he gets up amongst tho ' cow-nunchine ' siicnrv Hindoo-infested North, of ?? cockles' nud lush-lawyers. Hut no, Wilfred Smith has asked for copies of as many addresses as possible, to bo submitted to his august oyo, '*in order that suitable replies may bo written to them. ' I quote the young poison'.; m\\-n culchawod Kng.ish. Lady Francis Hope shook tha dust of Australia off her skirts last Wednesday, when tho Moana started off for Vancouver in a Rnntoh miot Tim Td.1.p'o i...~l ? a accompanied her, and also on the same boat weut an old professional 'flame' and his wife. Her Ladyship has a trick of referring to hcrsoSf as 'the future Duchess of New castle,' though there is yet hopo for a son and heir to the present. Duchess. Miss Kathleen Candy was but 17 years of age when eIio became Duchess of Nowcastlo in 1SS9, and thero was just as much talk then us a few yearB ago, when Lord Hope married the actress May Yoke. Her Grace is tall null slim, and aflects a boroci ejepreesion. She is quite famous for her splendid collec tion of dogs, and used to devote so much attention to them, that her relatives were annoyed by her carelessness in matters of dress, which resulted in her oftimes appear ing in costumes scarcely befitting a duchess. By the way, Siaj had a much better time on this visit to Australia than on her last, when a ricketty management, and a ghost that wagasstilf as a 'stumed' pony con trived to make her anything but happ^. It used to bo the thine; in the good old days to recruit tha police ranks from the ' sons of gentlemen,' broken- down tofls, etc., from the old country. Now we play the same game in tho tramway service here in Sydney, recruiting tho guards from our own arrow- marked gentry. The sons and nophows and brothers-in-law of some vory swagger folk, solicitors, M's.L.C, etc, aro to be found in the newest batcbcB of tram Tlio grand talkee-talkeo of next week will bo tho opening of Parliament, and won't it bo fun to watch the otiquette, precedence, etc., among the Viceregal, military and naval big-wigs. You know they're not playing speaks. I was up in tho back-blocks lately, where they grow oil the Jay Poes on cotnetalke, and an affiliation case- came before their ' Washups.' Said one potentate, 'It's no use try-ing ta suppress evidence ; I must, I will know all about the posterity of this 'ere child.' And if I onlydarod to toll you ? but no, bis family would never forgive me. Tho latest game for women is one of the oldest for roeu in the world. I mean the historic game of bowls. At the opening of the Chafav.-ood Rink o» Saturday, the green was brilliant with petticoats. Much of local feminine impetus was lecoivod from a recent visit of « team of Melbourne bowlers (women), who played a match an the Wavorlcy green sga'inst some of the wives of numbers of tho Wavericy Club. When you go up to Parliament House .{if over you do go), if you get amongst the momberB, you Will see a pair of the , most delicately-shaped, artistic wee hands it has been your lot to gaze upon. And tbey bo long— ye gods !— to big, burly ''Richard Sleuth ; ho, one* of iiroken Hill, but latterly of S'african snake-story fame. Did you Bee a picture and character sketch of our Minister for Defence in a recent English illustrated paper! Tho gentleman is Bpoken of as ' the Hon. John i.ce.' And thiB is fame 1 A man who keeps s shop in King-street, in very close proximity to Trutj?, adverl tisod recently for a 'lady housekeeper.' Applicants' were to apply at an equally well-known place in George-atreet, probably boeause Tiitjth's suspicion might be aroused at the number of Hebca visiting in its neighbourhood. They turned up in the usual fifties, when the giddy old beau, solccting a brightt itittmiciante young per* son, ottered her 10s, per' week to superintend and tfirk his establishment, telling her she £iust be his ' companion ' and nail him ' my dear,' and sometimes he would takb her to tho theatre. But sho must hay« no other friends, male or female. Jen shillings s weok to play roeluse, end etceteras 1 The lady, belioving her work, if not her charms, should be worth more .tliau that, loll in high dudgeon. Such a well- known .business man, too, and with suih unbusinesB-like propensttisB 1 How is it, that in spite of Government precautions, vigilance committees, etc. , ono of the largest, if not tho largest, Govern n'mt oftica in Sydney is teeming with ratj, aud no eilbrtfi uro nindc to destroy them r Documents, deeds, and ether legal instru I ments, ycl'ow nnd 1 rown with ape, aro the undisturbed pleasure grounds of those Slate rodents. This ia common talk among the ojlicials cmpluyod in .vaid building. A Sydney soriliess, who went lrom liero to'Murkatu beeum : learned in mind- healing and Christian science, and other such brair. disoaKca of latter -flay ncuroisni, got a bit nt a shock when she landed among fuimli journalism in ban Francisco. Fruin writing in Sydney nbout iho pot plants in Mrs. Algernon Smith's drawing room and tho rosebuds which wigelo-wugglcd on Miss Jones' bosur.ii, to cultivating a 'noso for news,' and boin,' Iho first to discover public scandals, impending divorces, en gagements, etc., and all the other things which the public taste hun gers for, is a big leap indeed. And when folks attack the m rbidity of tho journalist who writes this matter well or ill as the caso may bB, it would be as well to remember that the evolution ot journalism has to-day arrived at that stagb, wh.n journalism, not always literature, is equiva lent to commercialism. The ? successful editor prints what; tho public demand, what they seok to read. Uuardian of the Public; Morals tho press may continue to be, but like the Church, the Stage, the Government, it too mist have an eye lo tho main chance. Moreover, no attribute essential to keep her a woman, need depart from the Ameri can scribess. This is an age in which the human intellect, newly emancipated, has taken a moro active and a wider range than ever before. And women have assumed a freedom of speculation and work and theory, which our forefathers, had Uioy known, would havo held to bo a deadlier crime limn that stigmatised by ihe Scarlet Letto-. It would seem that the bnckramod habit of clerical decorum has at length boon snapped in the appointment of our local Mr. Josoph Maaaoy to the position of organist at St. Andrew's Cathedral. But it is also very evident, that such a choice would never ha\c happened, had it not boon for the protests of the press and tha various local musical societies. It's a very comforting fooling to know you havo broken the neck of narrow and unwarrantable projudice. A recent cablo says Mrs. Brown-Potter's hushand has divorced her on the ground of desertion. Well, judging by tho appear ance of a certain gentleman' now in ono of these colonies, ho isn't the only man she has deserted. Will sho desert her latest ' mash' Albert-Kdward ? 