I GENERAL NEWS A story comes from rock-ribbed Windhanm Co., Conn. The use of names would be unkind. It concerns a spruce young city lawyer who led a blushing damsel as a bride from her rural Kew England home, and returned with her to the hospitable mansion , of his father-in-law to enjoy the thanksgiving festival. He was given the post of honour at the table and called upon to carve according to the time-honoured custom. The turkey was baked pretty hard and was somewhat tough withal! The spruce young lawyer struggled. The baked bird would not yield. An enormous plum-pudding stood beside the turkey-platter, and was somewhat in the lawyer's way, finally be took up the pudding dish, and placed it in his chair behind him, and then renewed his attack on the turkey with redoubled vigour. His face was red with effort and embar- rassment, bis glasses steamed with perspiration-but still he struggled. At last he made a tremendous effort, and succeeded-in landing the imperi- ous bird on the other side of the table. "There," he said in despair, "now I've done it," and sat down in the pudding.-New Haven Register. It is thought probable that the shamrock will grow and flourish in some parts of South Africa. The attempt to establish it there is to be made, a gentleman of Cork having written to the Duke of Connaught asking him to accept 1000 packets of " true shamrock" seed, and to forward them to the colonels of Irish regiments in South Africa, to be Bown over the graves of Irish soldiers who have fallen in the war. The Duke has expressed his willingness to do this, and also his pleasure in accepting so thoughtful a gift." Germany has about 60,000 com- mercial travellers on the road 300 days of the year. The cost of keeping them is estimated at £30,000 a year. Madame Patti, during one of her American tours, wore a stage-dress adorned with £200,000 worth of jewels ; and in London, when she appeared in " La Traviata" at Covent Garden, ber corsage was studded with diamonds and other jewels, valued at even a larger sum, the arranging and setting of them in the dress by the jewellers alone costing the sum of £800. Madame Patti is said to own jewels to the value of £400,000. Most of them were given to the diva by fioyal personages; the grandfather of the present Emperor of Bussia presented her with several magnificent ornaments. The Kaiser follows the course of the Boer war with the closest attention. Every evening the Emperor receives a gathering of military chiefs, and the proB and COÜB of strategy and tactics are discussed at great length and with much energy, the positions being practically illustrated with elaborate wooden models representing the towns, entrenchments and the nature of the country, so far as these are known. The Kaiser is stated to have been both surprised and disgusted at the reckless manner in which the earlier stages of the war were conducted upon our side. "The English forget," he said, "that personal valour is now only an auxiliary in warfare ; modern battles are won by brains." A young couple were entertaining some friends, and among the guests was one whose continued rudeness made him extremely objectionable to the rest of the company. His conduct was put up with for some time, until at supper he held up on his fork a piece of meat which had been served to him and in a tone of intended humour he asked, " Is this pig ?" " "Which end of the fork do you refer to ?" quietly returned a guest at the farther end of the table. An old story runs thatthreeIrishmen crossing the bridge of Cork one day, one of them, looking over the parapet had a wish to touch the water, but how . it was to be done puzzled the sons of St. Patrick not a little. At last it j struck them that by hanging from the feet of each other, their wish might be accomplished. So to it they went, going over the wall of the bridgt somewhat in the manner of a chain pump. After they had gone the full length, it was found that the water wae still far below them. In this emer- gency the one at the top cried to thc undermost, "Arrah, now, Paddy, hpuld you on till I come down to you, and then, my honey, we shall react it." It is needless to add that th if plan was successful. This is a true ghost story of at unconventional kind. A young ladj arrived late at night on a visit to £ friend. She awoke in the darkness tc find a white figure at the foot of thi bed. While she watched, the bed clothes were suddenly whisked off and the apparition vanished. Afte: an anxious, not to say chilly, night the visitor went down with litth appetite for breakfast. At the tabb she was introduced to a gentleman i very old friend of the family, who ha< she learned, also been slopping in th house. He complained of the cold " I hope you will excuse me," he sail to his* hostess. " I found it so col< dnring the night that, knowing th room next to me was unoccupied, ! took the liberty of going in and. carr j ing off the bedclothes to supplemen my own. " The room, as it happened was not unoccupied, but he neve learned his mistake. The Rev. Cosmo Gordon Lang, th bachelor vicar of Portsea (says M. A.P is one of the clerical friends of th Queen, who, twice a year, invites hir to preach to her, and invariably has chat with him about the condition o the poor in the vicinity of the famou dock-yard. One night, when he wa dining at Osborne, her Majetsy aske if it was true that he had twelv curates. He replied in the affirmativ< " Now, would it not be wise t discharge three curates, and marr Mr Lang ?" observed the Quee persuasively. Her Majesty is a grei match-maker. " Well, ma'am, if disagree with my curates we cm par but if I were to disagree with my wit it might end in my having to leave m pariBh." 