“The Shadow of Fernbrook.” a Romance of Maoriiand. By Atha Westbury. [all rights reserved.J CHAPTER IV.- . ALTON AND ViCTOLINE Before tho rain had ceased to rattle against the solid gables of Fernbrook all was in readiness for tlio performance of Massinger’s lino old comedy, " A A ew Way to Fay Old Debts.” Many objec tions liad been set up and demolished before the dramatis persona; were fitted to their- several parts. .Luckily .‘or Ralph-Warne, who had taken upon kim Eelf the responsibility of tho nnair, Al ton Lyndhurst proved liimself an able stage director and manager. But- with all his tact, the young author found himself at fault. No one could bo found to perform, tho leading role. In this dilemma two strangers arrived at the Rock, and wero forthwith introduced by the master of Fernbrook to his guests; “These two gentlemen are my es peoial friends,” lie said. “On the con tinent of Europe and elsewhere we have sojourned together; sharing the same roof,'and the same table.' In the name of friendship, I bid them both-welcome to- Now Zealand.” The new-comers wero evidently men of the world;'who :knew'how to adapt themselves to' mixed 'company. In a few hours they were quite at home, ncoepted parts in the comedy; and en tered into the spirit of the fun with the zest- of schoolboys let out for a holiday. Neither of these personages was young. The foremost of the twain was verging on sixty years of age. Yet he was a man who had been well preserved. A man who appeared to have taken care of number one above all things else. His three-score years sat upon him as lightly as forty winters upon many men. Tall, but withal slight, and delicate looking, there was not a crease or wrinkle in the man, from his nose to his toes. Beyond an undeniable mili tary air, which clung to him like his tight-fitting frock coat, Colonel de Real seemed a well-bred, polished, smiling gentleman, at peace with himself add with all the world. Drummond Blake, his companion, was altogether unlike the colonel. A giant in stature, and with limbs like another Hercules, this mail was both gruff and coarse in manner and in speech. Never theless, there was a good humoured, robust, healthy, devil-may-care, high pressure hilarity about him which won him friends amongst the company. A keen observer of men would have no ticed two things in the conduct and manner of Colonel de R-oal and nis gigantic friend. First, the colonel never lost sight, even for a moment, of the liugo proportions of liis comrade, while Blake on his part invariably took liis cue from tho other sometimes by a word, but mostly by glances well under stood. There were no keen observers at the Rock, however, except- Hilton Fern brook, or old Rita, the Maori. Pro bably both] were on the watch, but in different directions. “What- a grand old place this is, dear Fernbrook,” quoth the colonel, adjust ing his eye-glass over his cold, steoly. blue eye. “'There has been no vulgar architect here. No modern daub 'of ugly brick and stucco. Nature has aided tho builder, or the wise fellow has taken advantage of nature. ‘Ma toil’ What, bronze! Sallust of Pompeii could he stalk forth from his lava tomb be side Vesuvius, would stare in wonder: at the magnificent proportions of yon der trellisod balcony.” Seldom had there been congregated together such a- witty, laugliter-lovuig group as 'that which assembled to wit ness “A New Way to Pay Old Debts.” In tho lofty drawing-room there is ac commodation for double the number a.s that which sits in easy indolence before the crimson curtain hiding tho stage. The gentlemen who are about to take part in tho performance are scattered through the audience, laughing and talking. An early dinner has left them ample time for gossip ere the play be gins. Amongst tho loungers, Alton Lyndhurst, drawn forth from his shell of reserve; is holding forth on the merits of Chris Marlowe, Johnston, Webster, Mnrstoiij and a host of others who have left their igark on the era of British drama. His listeners are only a group of five, but they are apprecia tive. One of the number is a lady, a proud, wealthy beauty, with a face “and form as matchless as that of Helen of Troy. How cold and motionless she sits, yet- there is a world of meaning in the far-away look in her eyes. While the fiddles are being tuned, and the players are preparing for honest Philip Massinger’s masterpiece, let me take up the wand of Hermes and put back old Father Time by six years. The world was younger and brighter for Victorine Hargrave, then only a strip of a girl, just over her eighteenth birthday, a birthday at -which there had been an innocent drinking of tea at Major Hargrave’s cottage, on the cliff overlooking the Wnitamata, Major Hargrave is a widower, and as poor as. Job. He is a man who lias seen much life. He has fought for Don Car los, and derives his military title from his service in Spain. Paris, Madrid, and London have in turn been his home. He has spent some portion of his days in South America, and is not unremem bered in Mexico; but at sixty-seven he has had enough of a nomad existence. It is pleasant to remember his wan derings and relate his adventures while he reposes at ease by his hearth; plea santer still to have his clever, bright, graceful daughter to minister to his wants, and who makes a sovereigu go us far as two dispensed by a duller housekeeper. His cottage at- Parnell is the pink of neatness, very small, hut seeming much the snugger for its smallness, daintily furnishod with tho relics of larger and more splendid abodes, picked up as oc casion served. Victorine is one of those active spirits who rise early. Sho gives her mornings to household duties, and flits about light- of foot, with gloved hands, and broad linen apron. The major, although a soldier of for tune, has ever been an honest man. It is his boast that ho has lived amongst spendthrifts and social Bohemians, and yet paid his way; that no tailor re members him with a pang; that no time-yellowed page in a fashionable bookmaker’s ledger records his dislion In his retirement he amuses liimself with literature, and though this pastime widens his narrow income, he has more pride in his achievements than in the remuneration'. The daughter is not so well satisfied with her surroundings. She has lived in this seaboard of Auck land for more than ten years, but she has dim recollections of London and Paris, which come and go in nor memory like a dream in the “Arabian j Nights.” To be rich and powerful, chat is the aome of her ambition. i She asks her father wonderingly, “How he can exist in this dull antipodes after his experience of brighter worlds.” The girl knows that with even less opportunities she is more accomplished than most of her wealthy neighbours; sings better, plays more brilliantly, bag a more general capacity for learning new tilings, a greater deftness of finger, superior taste in dress, and moro skill in making much out of little. Her father is foolishly fond, proudly indulgent, praises Victorine’s pretty looks, her sweot voice, graceful, win ning ways, her cleverness, and general good management. She lives in an at mosphere of praise, rises every morn ing to bo admired, lies down at night pleased with her own beauty andsweot The Lyiidhurste are the major's near est and dearest friends. Mother and son are as fond of Viotoriue as if she wore their own flesh and blood. Often in tho summer gloaming girl and boy liavo climbed tho cliff above tho noblo bay, and hero have watched the ships glide to and fro, like grim ghosts ju the fading twilight. Major Hargrave is at his best as a dramatic critic. Snakespearo is a whole library to him. Ho has so imbued bis daughter with a love of the. great dramatist that the girl ha.s a veritable passion for the art. She knows every word of Juliet, Queen. Katherine, Rosn' lind, Lady Macbeth, Cordelia, and Beatrice. Under tho major's tuition, Viotoriue has grown into a superb elo cutionist. By tho winter's fire, while her father smoked his pipe, she has spouted the whole Skakesporiuu round, lie teaches her how the most famous actress of his day used to pause here, or linger fondly on a word there, or riso at such a point to indignant pas sion. Ho. remembers tho great Sid dons; how her awful whisper went through the gloom of the theatre as if mocking' the evil spirits. And V'ic corine hangs on his words with delight, and asks him again and again to de scribe that wondrous art. Alton Lyndhurst is three years Vic torine’s senior, and is fighting an up hill light for a place in the world of letters. What little time he can spare from his work is devoted to Major Har grave’s daughter, for the poor penniless seribo almost worships her. It is the one gleam of sunshine in his drudging life to read Shakespeare with her, or to play Romeo to her Juliet. There is just enough in her unlikoness to all other women to catch the fancy of the dreaming enthusiast, who is ns deeply smitten with the only true, absorbing, unchanging, eternal passion as a young man of twenty-two can be. So on that high cliff, perched on tho sea wall, Alton Lyndhurst tells Major Hargrave’s daughter his love. Alas! for the uufortuuato scribe. With shapely hands resting on his shoulder, eyes looking into his, words coming swiftly, and with sobs borne along the eloquent voice, sho tells him that if she could love anyone it would be Alton. If she could forget her ter rible struggles with grim want, and re sign her hope of unbounded wealth and station, it would be for Alton. But it had been the dream of her life to be come rich and powerful, to emergo out ‘ of the slough of despond and ^poverty into the clearer light that is *bom of affluence. Alton Lyndhurst goes back again to his work, shuts himself up with his books, and strives, as only earnest men can strive when love dies and ambition is born. Before the year is out Victorine Har grave is married. Amid tho fever of parliamentary de bate, and the strong opinions quicken ing into life, and which had begun to agitato even theso remote colonists, Alton Lyndhurst found relief from his sorrow. If at first his faith and belief in the purity and goodness of woman had been overthrown like some rickety temple of frailest masonry, ho had emerged again from liis wanderings to the light of former guiding stars. Work had saved him, hard, stern, unflinching work. The very effort to forget his mad folly and presumption had brought forth a. latent power, till then slumbering, and tho result was fame. Victorine Hargrave had the gratifica tion of her darling wish satisfied, inas much as sho married one of the largest land-owners in the colony. In the ab sence of good looks, youth and that necessary culture which lend ideal charms to lovo, her husband had abund ance of money. Money, that we poor, dreaming rogues rail against so bitterly. The fetish whom we all adore, rail as we may. Ah, mo! If Mrs. Gayland was not thoroughly satisfied and happy in her married lifo, it was perchance be cause she was a woman, and not the fault of her lord and master, who grati fied every whim, evory desire of her heart, so far as ready cash could ac complish it. Mrs. Victorine Gayland wont to Eng land, and was absent but two years when she returned to New Zealand a widow. Young, beautiful, accomplished, and wealthy, Victorine Gayland became the fashion and the rage amongst the upper ten, who neither toil nor spin. The wives of the squatters and bankers, who had heretofore shrugged their fair shoulders at Major Hargrave’s penniless daughter were delighted with tho bril 1 liant, captivating, rich young widow. Those who had passed her coldly by heretofore were glad to meet with a nod of recognition from the queen, whoso word was lin;d. Blio has thought, of Alton Lyndhurst betimes in those two years of hor mar ried life. Comparisons have jarred upon the sensitivo cords of nature, when she has pitted him, in imagination, against this money-getter, who calls her wife. She has thought of him very often in her solitary widowhood, wondering why he does not como, thinking him un kind and cruel for withholding his no tice and his praise, now that all the world notices and praises her. She is amongst the first to read that book, which lifts his namo at one bound into notoriety. Oh! how every page | preaches to her of the days that are gone, of those unforgotten days when he was hers, lying at her feet in the lato autumn twilight with the broad, full moon shining upon the sea. He has laid his own heart upon tho dis secting table, and unatomised its every pulse. She knows now how utterly that heart was hers, how torn and wounded by her desertion. She comes face f o face with him once moro in those vivid pages, and tho very breath of that lovo day comes back to hor. She reads, and the smouldering love flames up with a brighter, stronger fire, and sho knows that sho loves Alton Lyndhurst better far than of old and must so love him to the end. One day at a garden party given by the popular member for West Auckland, Alton and Victorine meet again. The belle of fashion and the rising author are both changed; both are accom plished in the polite art of self-repres sion. She greets him with graceful tranquility; he reciprocates with graci ous candour. They talk of the old cot tage by the sea wall, of the dear, dear father. From that time tho idol of fashion and the popular author are friends, but there is no word of lovo between them. “ Tempus omnia reve lat.” Cast thy magic wand aside, 0 Hermes! Lift the curtain again on the group gathered round Alton Lyndhurst. The theme is still men and books. Colonel de Roal is one of the latter party. Watch him as he sits with quiet mien listening to the talker. There is one huge sneer stamped from brow to chin, but it is so subtle and refined that it appears like a benign 6inile on his face. “I often wonder,” remarks Fenton Gray, a noted musician, who has come down to spend the winter at the Rook, “I often wonder that among so many i books written for this age tnero are so few that seem calculated to make peo ple better.” “My dear sir, goodness from an msthetic point of viow is tbo reverse of interesting,” rejoins tbo colonel, blandly. “Yet Goldsmith has ventured to de pict characters that aro ulmost fault less,” answers Alton. Tlio colonel shrugs his shoulders. “True,” he says; “but Goldsmith was a humourist, and could afford to paint virtue. Humour removes the insipidity of benevolence with his heroes. Faust is not good, and Iago is simply exe crable ; but where can you match them for interestf” Alton Lyndhurst looks with more at tention at the speaker than he has done hitherto. “Then you dony that there can be any interest in tko kind of reading which may tend to raise the whole tone of one's being P” lie asks. “For my part, I lovo Tennyson; ono cannot read him without feeling hotter and braver." “Nay, virtue is so simplo a matter that it affords few opportunities for art,” responds do Real in the sumo quiet tone. “Vice and crime are many sided, and offer infinite scopo for the literary anatomist. Ono Cleopatra, mighty and fallen, is worth all the cold perfection of your modern heroine.” The stage bell rings as Alton is about to reply, and that puts an end to all further controversy. Those who take part in the performance hasto away to dress, and the fiddlers begin to tune for the overture. Tbo most difficult part has fallen 'upon the mantle of the colonel, but “Sir Giles Overreach” fits him as if ho hud mado it a lifelong study. Lady Aldworth finds a worthy representative in Mrs. Yictorino Gay land. Tlio wealthy widow is an artist cf the first order, us well as a woman of fashion. Nine o'clock p.iu.—Settle yoursolves comfortably in your seats. “A Now Way to Pay. Old Debts,” a play by Philip Massinger, written two hundred and twenty years ago. Such a piece is just tlio thing for a drawing-room hko this one; and the costumes, so far as the ladies are concerned, aro simply per Up with the curtain. A room in Lady Aldwortli’s house. Boudoir, bluo and gold, bfocado, and satiu wood. Tho walls aro painted white, curved garlands of flowers and fruit adorn tho panelling. Old Venetian mirrors, reflecting dark bluo delf, and rare old porcelain. Grim Fernbrook bus boon ransacked to fur nish this scene. Ten o'clock.—The applause is loud and long, liilton Fernbrook, who has been lounging ubout, moody and silent, goes behind the scenes. "Ah! ‘moil chor,’ how aro youf” cries the colonel. “Accept my congratulations," replies the younger man, with just the faintest touch of sarcasm in his voice. “You are winning goldon opinions, sir.” Colonel dc Roal leads him aside. “My son, if soino great enthusiast could suddenly spring up in our midst and raise the roofs oh these people’s brains, as Asmodeus lifted the roofs off tlio buildings in tbo city of Madrid, what strange tilings we should find this pleased and happy assembly poudonug over.” Close by tho wing opposite stand Mrs. Gayland and Alton Lyndhurst. “This night will make you famous/’ he whispers. She lifts her eyes to his for u moment, then replies, thoughtfully, “If ono did not seek to win fame, there would be no such thing as greatness.” “The most lasting fame has been won by goodness rather than talent,” ho an swers, coldly, and moves away. The close of the entertainment isvory brilliant, and merges at longth into a ball, whon polkas and oountry dances usher in tho grey dawu of day. 