. By CH2IS DÀHL ('* Q0.eea3lBr.der ") .. It was the day before Christmas Eve 18-, and we were on the road from Blank's station in the Gulf country, riding behind a mob of 800 bullocks ? Billy Brown and I and a blackboy who ?went by the euphonious title of Nigger Jim. : It was a blinding hot day. The sun Bhone with heated fervour, and the sweat rolled down our faces and and dripped on our flannel shirts, which were already Boaked. The horses were all streaked, although we had had>no occasion to extend them beyond a walk. The dry road shim- mered with a fierce white glare, and the cattle raised clouds bf dust which well-nigh choked us, and at times we almost lost sight of half of them. We were all sucking at our pipes, "I'll Hwear that except whore our lips had cleaned the dust off you would have-taken our good old blocks for nèw-ahaped clays. Along each side of the road was the sameold scene that we had viewed for days and?days-the long lank gums with their miserable foliage that seemed to throw no shadow, and here.and there a pateh of tea-tree '-. swamp with its skeletons-like sentinels ? standing in the slimy mud. And save , in the early morn,"wben the freshness "hadhardly departed, every bush bird i seemed dumb and too lazy to fly, hiding ? away somewhere, till the sun had ' .nearly gone down. The dull ' gray " of the bush is .monotonous-nay, weid and melan- choly. 'I;verily think a man would . go mad if he had not a mate near him v on a drive like that, with'the muffleJ Bhuffle of the bullocks' feet in the dust ahead : of him, and naught but from dreaming. You don't feel in- clined to talk much. You feel too l*zj, and if you open your mouth you can grind your teeth the next second on the grit that floats in, and no chance tO Bpit it out when you're as dry as abone. As for drinking, you might . empty your water-bag before you'd gone a couple of miles, and then have to do without, for perhaps the next twenty-eight or thirty. Billy Brown was good ; company. "When it came to sundown, and the cattle were " on camp,'he would tell . many a yarn or crack a good joke after the junk and damper of the even- song'meal. But he was a devil for ? drink. Every penny he earned went ? -.in a razzle, and the blue devils were as familiar to him as the ßaddle he hoisted on his horse every morning at daylight.. Sometimes he would be all of a' tremble for a week af ter he """"had come back from a " soak," and his voice would get a pipe in it that lad caused many a laught. 'But I be- lieve he was good at heart. Many a night, when we had lain down with onr heads on our saddles «and our blankets over us to keep off the dew, though it was beastly hot, he would talk away of the hopes he bad for a happy future, when he would give np the drink and' settle down some j/ where. Poor Billy? Born in a cooky's humpy.down South, he had left home . quite early and gone North, his knowledge, of humanity confined mostly to, swearing busbies ind-naked / nigger. He would have made a fine fellow if he had had a chance, for , there ran beneath his rough exterior I avien of sympathy and tenderness that flashed out occassionally like a bit of quartz glinting in the sunlight from out of the dirt around it. \ "We pushed on as fast as possible that day, for by the next evening we wanted to camp at Blengfell Falls, "where we could get a bit of good feed and a shady rest forÄrfew hours on the day following-C^ftmas Day and have a bath in the lagoon that was alwayB full of the clear, cold water that fell from fifty feet above , on to a big, flat rock, and then dribbled down into the pool beyond. It was about 5 o'clock in the ; afternoon "of . the next day when we t left thé road for tte Falls, and half . -an hour later7the tired beasts were thrusting their nose? ¡tito the water, : wading in . it, splashing in it, and . shoving each other about till all had hada SlI.* " The old black billy was hung on a '? stick, overjt he fire as usual,- and just as ..tithe 'rubbling'of the water indicated i the time for tea-making my attention , was attracted to Nigger Jim. He /,j seemed.dreadfully uneasy. He would aquat.'down for a bit and then get up ' with a jerk, and all the while his big . bloodshot eyes were turned in the 'direction of, the lagoon, which was r fast'getting dim as the eventide drew "* apace. ' What's the matter,1-Jim ?'.I asked him. . ' Ghost 'long lagoon, boss,' he made ' answer ^'¿Skjnny Dick (one of the Blank'8xi"ttttion'nand8) tell me long time goosi live there.' 'po on!' I replied-, 'Don't talk . < tommyrot, you black heathen.' %: \ Billy Brown was lying stretched out ; near, by.', > ¡ i Did you never hear about the' ghost?'he said to me. '-Not much,' I answered; 'don't \- believe in them.' ,' Well,' he said, ' I don't know that _ I do.either. . But the yarn goes that ./ some, poor bloke was speared ont here ., by the blacks many; years ago on a ' on a Christmas Eve, I believe it was, : and it's said that every time a nigger showB his face here the ghost appears and causes bad luck to him and any ? < fellows that he's with.' ' Oh, well !' I said with a laugh, 'I . : don't give a blow for spooks. We'll . have to tell \the chaps when we get back that we "camped here with a y- nigger and got on all right Billy sat up. * Í Don't crow awhile yet,' he said solemnly. ' "We ain't /camped here afore on a Christmas Eve. "Wait till ? to-morrow.' ' 1 laughed, but Billy WES as solemn as a crow. It was the first time, I -think, ! bad ever seen him looking so glum, except after a "bender." . I tried to .start a conversation on something eite, but Billy was strangely silent. After a while 1 bogan to fe al a bit queer, tco, and that yarn seemed to stick' in .my memory as a piece of ' j half-cooked damper sticks in one's gizzard when swallowed suddenly. "We turned in fairly early that night. Billy took the first watch over the cattle, and saddled np his horse to have a ride rourid them just as I lay down for a sleep. Thé night was pretty dark, though the stars, 1 shining from an unclouded sky, were bright enough to dimly show every- thing close around as well as the mistv lagoon in the distance. I ' fell asleep quickly and slept soundly. Once Nigger Jim woke me walking about nervously. I gruffly told him to be quiet, and' had just dozed off when I heard Billy riding back. He stopped; and I guessed he must have been unsaddling his horse before coming to wake me for my wnt¿h. . I heard his steps coming towards me for a while, then they stopped. A second after Nigger Jim gave a scream of horror, and I heard Billy sing out : ? ; . Great heavens ! the ghost!' / My heart gave a sudden' jump, and a sick feeling came oyer me all in a moment. I bounded to my feet, but before I could walk over to where I thought' Billy was standing I heard a sound that "made me jump for my nag, which was. hobbled and near at hand, and slip the hobbles off his feet and the bridle over his head dike lightning. The cattle were 'rushing.' I jumpèd on his back without waiting to saddle up-there was no time, for. thai matter-and then Straight for me I could see the mob of bullocks heading, and sticking my heelB in my horse's sides I made a dash for a bit of scrub a little way off from the lagoon, and right in front of that rushing motyin hopes that the close timber would divert them and enable me to escape. I forced my nag into it, amongst a tangle of creepers. I hardly knew i what I did, unnervedas I was by j hearing Nigger Jim's screech" and Billy's shout.' If I had stayed where I was at first I should have been knocked down and trampled, and I knew it was useless to attempt to stop the rush. Fortunately the frightened animals went wide of the edge, of the scrub, and I was safe. ^Wben I rode back I shouted for Billy and Nigger Jim, but got no answer. I got off and hunted around in the dark for my saddle,'thinking that Billy and Jim, experienced as they both were at the game, had' gone after / the mob to round them up if they could. I searched about in the dark for awhile ; without finding anything. Then just ahead of me I saw something dark on the ground; A little closer, and there I found Billy, motionless. " I struck, a match. Heavens! What a t state he was in! The cattle had bee*v over him and pounded him to dea* J. Another figure lay a little way off, and jwheri I went over, there was Nigger Jim with his clothes torn almost off him, and his head trampled to a jelly. ?.., . > N . I reeled and nearly; fell. Then the horror of the thing Bwept over me, and I made a run for my, horse. And ' then-I don't know what prompted me-I looked over v towards the lagoon. ; Floating over the water was a Shape-a something] that glowered huge , and ; misty and white -that looked like a, great human form. There was au awfulness about it that caused a cold sweat to ooze out of my pores, and sent a cold chill through me such . as I had never experienced before. . A lump came in. my throat that felt' bigger than, a cocoanut, and. I could' not swallow it. I turned away suddenly, with that momentary view burned into my mind, deeper, than the newly-burned brand on an unbroken colt, and springing on my nag I rode like mad towards the road.' Galloping wildly, and urging my horse with heels and voice, I went like a whirlwind through the bush, sometimes just missing a ¡ tree trunk, and then getting a swipe across , the face from a low-down branch. Once on the open road I went faster still. The dust rose in a white cloud behind-for I saw it once when I glanced back, fearful lest something was folio wing-and soon the foam flecks from .the1 horse's mouth bespattered my moleskins. I hardly dared look, to either side, for ; every tree seemed a grinning shadow with a mist behind, and once when a curlew, startled by the horse's gallop,, rose suddenly and crossed the road ' in front with a weird cry I nearly yelled in my terror. I don't remember much more of the ride, or what I told the fellows at' the township when I got there. For nearly a fortnight I had brain jfever, j or something of that kind, and the fellows all swore I had been on the J burst. ' t The local J.P. told me I was cracked, when I spun the yarn to him on my recovery, and spitting on the floor he left suddenly to soothe his feelings at a neighbouring bar. Of course/ they .found Billy and Nigger Jim, and put it all down to a cattle rush. As for what startéd the cattle going-such things often happened, they said, and not a few j reckoned that if we had all been Boher Billy and Nigger Jim would have got away all right. Sometimes I fancy that the Shape I saw was'manufactured by my ex- cited brain out of a lump of fog, but then I am puzzled to know what my mate and Nigger Jim yelled for. At any rate this I do know there's not a drover betwixt, Mel- bourne and the Gulf that would camp at Blengfell Falls on a Christmas Eve, ghost or no ghost. One of the Berlin reviews publishes a calculation on the Dumber of letters dis. tributed annually throughout the world. It gives the total as 12,000 millions. Of these, ij;.8»ye, 8000 millions are in English, 1200 millions in German, 1000 millions in French, 220 millions in Italian, 120 millions in Spanish, 100 millions in Dutch, 80 minions in Russian, and 24 millions in Portuguese. The Anglo-Saxon is for the pre?en D very well ia front. , ? Despite nil the appearances to the con- trary with which out; EQisets in Germany, it EeeiaK that tue Germa7i corser, industry is growing-, in home sorts as well as foreign. I Fifty thousand Teutons now live by em I brining the women of the world, aa ic were, with their wares. 