[PUBL1SHED BY SPECIAL AR RANGEMENT.] THE FOURTH GENERATION. By SIR WALTERl BESANT, Author of "All Sorts and Conditions of Men," "Herr Paulus," "The Master Craftsman," "Armorel of Lyonesse," "The World Went Very Well Then," "All in a Garden Fair," "Children of Gibeon," etc., etc. [COPYRIGHT.] CHAPTER III.-(Continued.) Committed suicide! He remembered the widow who never smiled- the pale faced, heavy-eyed widow. He now understood why she went in mhourning all the days of her life. He now learned, in this unexpected manner, why she had retired to the quiet little Cornish village. Committed suicide! Why? It seemed a kind of sacrilege to ask this person. He hesitated; he took up a trifling ornament from the mantelshelf, and played with it. It dropped out ot his fingers into the fender, and was broken. "Pray," he asked, "how came your grandmother to be separated from her own people?" "They went away into the country. And her father went silly. She never knew him when he wasn't silly. He w?ent silly when his brother-in-law was murdered." "Brother-in-law murdered? What is this? Good Lord, man! What do you mean with your murder and your suicide?" "Why, don't you know? Murdered! And his wife died of the shock the same day. What else was it that drove him off his silly old chump?" "I-I- I-know nothing." The vul garity of the man passed unnoticed in the face of these revelations. "I as sure you, nothing of these tragedies. They are all new to me. I have been told nothing." "Never told you? Well, of all the Whly the old woman ovec there is never tired of talking about these things. Proud of them, she is- And you never tQ know anything." "Nothing. Is there more? And why do you call my great-grandfather mad?" "He's as much my great-grandfather as yours. Mad? Well, I've seen him over the garden wall half a dozen .times, walking up and down his ter race like a Polar bear. I don't know what you call mad. As for me, I'm only a man of business, but if I had a client who never opened or answered a letter, never spoke a word to anybody, neglected his children, let his house go to ruin, never went to church, would have no servants about the place why I should have that mis'rable crea ture locked up. That's all." Leonard put this point aside. "But you have not told me about his wife's death. It. is strange that I should be asking you these particulars of my own family." "Mine as well, if you please," the East End solicitor objected with some dignity. "Well, sir, my grandmother is seventy-two years of age. Therefore it is just seventy-two years since her mother died. For her mother died in childbirth, and she died of the shock produced by the news of her brother's murder. Her brother's name was Langley Holms." "Langley? My grandfather's name." "Yes, Langley Holms. I think he was found lying dead on a hillside. So, our great-grandfather, I say, lost .in one day his wife and his brother-in law, who was the best friend he had in the world. Why, sir, if you go down to see him and find him in that state, does it never occur to you to ask how it came about?" "I confess-He is so old. I thought it eccentricity of age." "No!" His cousin shook his head. "Age alone would not make a man go on like that. I take it, sir, that ex treme age may make a man care noth ing about other people, not even his own children, but it does not cut him off from everything." "You are u)erhaps right. Yet-well, I know nothing. So the old man's mind was overthrown by the great shock of a double loss. Strange that they never told me! And his son, my grandfather, committed suicide. And his sister's husband became a bank rupt." "Yes; there are misfortunes enough. The old woman is never tired of harp ing on the family misfortunes. The second son was drowned. He was a sailor, and was drowned. My father was never anything better than a small clerk. I've known, myself, what it is to want the price of a dinner. If you want to know what misfortune is like wait till you're hungry." "Indeed!" Leonard replied, thought fully. "And all these troubles are new to me. Strange that they should be told me on this very day!" "Then there's your own father. He died young, too, and the last case that the old woman talks about is your father's brother-I forget his name they packed him off to Australia after he had forged your father's name." "What?" "Forged. That's a pretty word to use, isn't it? Yes, sir, there are mis fortunes enough." He got up. "Well, the point is, will you come and see the old woman?" "Yes. I will call upon her. When shall I find her at home?" "She lies down on the sofa beside the fire every afternoon from two to four or half-past four, then wakes up re freshed and able to talk. Come about half-past four. Its the back parlour; the front is my office, and my clerk I have only one as yet-works in the room over the kitchen-the gal's bed iroom it is, as a rule. It is a most re spectable house,, with my name on a doorplate, so you can't miss it." "I will call to-morrow then." "There is one thing more, Mr. Cam paigne. We have not thrust ourselves forward or tried to force ourselves on the family, and we shall not, sir, we shall not. We live six miles apart, and we have our own friends, and my friends are not yours. Still, in a business way, there is a question which I should like to ask. It is a business question." The man's face became suddenly foxy. Leonard was on his guard in stinctively. "If it has to do with the Campaigne estates, I have nothing whatever to say. Would it not be well to go to the lawyers who manage the estate?" "No. They would not tell me any thing. What I want to know is this. He has, I believe, a large estate?" "He has, I believe. But he has no power to part with any portion of it." "The estate produces rents, I sup pose?" "That is no doubt the case." "Well, for seventy years the old man has spent nothing. There must be ac cumulations. In case of no will these accumulations would be divided equally between your grandfather's heirs and my grandmother. Do you know of any will, if I may be so bold as to ask?" "I know nothing of any will." "It is most unlikely that there should be any will. A man who has been off his head for nearly seventy years can hardly leave a will. If he did, one could easily set it aside. Mr. Campaigne, it is on the cards that there may be enormous accumulations. In which case, it is possible-I say possible-that my sister and I may be come rich-very rich-I hardly dare to put the possibility upon myself-but there must be-there must be-accu mulations, and the question which I would put to you, sir, is this: Where are those accumulations invested? And can a man find out what they amount to-what they are worth-who draws the dividends-how are they applied and is there a will? Was it made be fore or after the old man went off his chump? And if the money is left out of the family whether you, sir, as the head of the family, would take steps to set aside that will? Those are my questions, Mr. Campaigne." He threw himself back again in the chair and stuck his thumbs in his waistcoat arm holes. "These are very important ques tions," said Leonard. "As a lawyer, ycu must be aware that I cannot give you any answer. As to the adminis tration of the property, I believe I have no right to ask the lawyers and agents any questions. We must assume that the owner of the estate is in his right mind. As for disputing a will, we must wait till a will is produced." "Sir," the cousin leaned over his knees and whispered hoarsely-"Sir, the accumulations must be a million and a half. I worked it all out my i?slf with an arithmetic book. it meant hundreds of sums-I did 'em all, one after the other. 1 thought I should never get to the end.- Hun dreds of sums at compound interest, and it tots tip to a million and a half a million aind a half! Think of that! Sir, this money must not be suffered to go out of the family. It must not. It would be sinful-sinful. We look to you to protect the rights of the family." Leonard laughed. "I fear I have no power to help you in this respect. Good-night. I hlpe to call upon you to-morrow afternoon." He shut the door upon his visitor. He heard his feet going down the stair; he returned to his empty room., It was no longer empty. .The man had peopled it with ghosts, all or whom he had brought with him. Little by little, not all at once, he made them out. There was the old man-young again \--staggering under the weight of a double bereavement-wife and best friend in the same day. There was his own grandfather killing himself- why? ''Th young sailor going out to be drowned; his own father dying young; the returned colonial-the prosperous gentleman, who, before go ing out, had forged his brother's name. Forged! .forgei! The word rang in his brain. There was the daughter of the house-deserted by the house, married into such a family as Mr. Galley represented-were not these ghosts enough to bring into a quiet gentleman's flat? Yes, he had been brought up in igno rance of these things. He knew noth ing of the cause of the old man's seclu sion; not the reason of his grand father's early death; not any of, those other misfortunes. He had been kept in ignorance of all., And now all these things were roughly exploded upon his unsuspecting head. He sat down before the fire; he worked at the "Subject" no more that night. For he remembered the strange warnings of Constance-that he wanted something of misfoi'tune, such as harassed the rest of the world, in order to bring him down to a level with the men and the women around him. "I have got that something," he said; "poor relations, family scandals, and ,humiliations and all. But so far I feel no better." (To be Continued.) 