King and His Court. Sermon* By Rev. C. H. Spccceon*. . | "Mine eyes shall be upon the faithful of tho land, that they may dwell with me; he that wnlketh in a perfect way, lie shall serve me."—Psalm ci. G. DAVID is going to be king, and these are the resolutions that he makes before he ascends the throne, lie meant that he would look out the best men in the nation, and that be would take care of them, and give them offices about his court, so that lie.might have his work well done, that his people might oe judged by wise and right eous men, and all the af fairs of Stale should be managed ov tuose wlio were faithful to Gcd. Tliis was a very proper thing for liim to do. And there is no doubt that, in th:2 .kingdom of the Son of David, "great Davids .greater Son," the King of kings and Lord of lords. His eyes are upon the faithful. He looks upon the faithful among Hisspeople, He- takes them into communion . with Himself; and He uses them as His servants in conspicuous and. remarkable ways. 1\. First,' let us ask, Who are these faith ful men to whom Jesus, our King, will „ have respect at all times? X answer, they may be known in part by this mark, they are true in their dealings with God. Now, dear friends, such people will, in the next place, always be true iu their dealings with men on God's behalf. 'I think this passage bears very pertinently upon the minister, and upon the Sunday-school teacher, and upon the Christian worker. The-^eyes of Chirst arc upon the fatihful of the land. 1! I.come here and teach you what I do not believe, or if X conceal what I do be • lieve, or if I tell yon something which has in it a suppression of the truth, or if I preach .to you orthodox doctrine, while ray own heart I believe something different, I cannot bs said to be* one of the faithful of the land. It is a very hard thing always to be faithful with men 011 God's behalf. I know that it is so even in* visiting the sick; one is tempted to begin to comfort some of them when they, ought not to be . comforted—to say very soft and gentle words to them because they are ill, when, perhaps, they have never felt their need of a Saviour, and never been awakened to any sense of spiritual need. I remember one who was condemned for the action that he thought it right to take. Two or three of us had been to see h sick and dying ■man, and he always welcomed the visitors, and we prayed with him, and told him the Gospel, but"we ^ere all under the impres sion that we had produced no effect what ever upon his mind, and that he was pass ing into another world without,any know ledge of his lost estate, and without any repentance or faith in Christ. The good * man to whom I refer—he is now in heaven, but I well remember the reproach that he suffered for what he did—he stood at the foot of the bed, and he said, "Friend, you are a deceived man; you are dying, and you have lo well-grounded hope. You al ways say, 4Yes, yes, yes,' to all we say; but my inmost thought of you is that you aro without God, and without hope, and if you die as you are, you will be lost for ever." Tile man's wife was thunderstruck; so was he; but when we went to visit him the next day* you should have- seen the change that God had wrought in him! There was a broken-hearted man crying for mercy, a. man in sore trouble and distress of soul. The faithful messenger of God had-told him the naked truth; it pained him to do it, but he had been more faith ful to the sick man than' others who had spoken very kindly to him. Oh, I believe if we aro faithful, so that we are clear of the blood of all men, faithful to the truth, faithful to our own consciences, faithful to the consciences of those with whom we have to deal, then we are among those of whom tho text says, "Mine eyes shall be upon the faithful of the land, that they may dwell with me." Now, I earnestly pray every Christian person here, especially in the beginning of life, to look well to this matter, for tho joy of your life, the peace of your life, the inward rest of your life, will much depend under God upon your being faithful to your convictions in every point as God shall help you. The great King Himself seems to say to-night, "Mine eyes shall be upon the faithful of the laud; ho shall servo Me. He is the man whout J. pick out for My servant. 1 will' put him" licre, or. I Trill place liim there, where I am unable to station some others be cause they are nofc clear and straight in their conduct, and because they are not to be depended upon for loyal obedience to their Lord and Master." 2\. But now I want to answer this ques tion, What will the King do with them? David says, "Mine eves shall be upon the faithful of the land," and David's Son, the Lord Jesus Christ, says the same. What docs He mean? Well, first, His searching eye will seek them out. That dear brother who is faithful to God is only a young ap prentice; but he has been faithful in not breaking the Sabbath. Nobody knows about liim, dear young man, but the eyes of the Lord are upon h:ni. There is a working man who, the other day, in the midst of a swearing company, rebuked the blas phemer, and spoke "up for Christ. That ncblo action is not recorded in the news paper, and never will be; but God's eye is upon the faithful of the land. There "is a poor woman who, the other day, lost a good deal by being straight and honest. No one will report it; nobody will put her down in the legion of honour. Ay, but God's eyes are upon the faithful of the land! And when you, through the .grace o£ God, are led to follow Christ faithfully, not wishing to be seen, doing in secret what only God knows, it is reward enough that tho Lord Jesus Christ sees what you do, and He Himself will one day reward you openly. But then the text, after saying, "Mine eyes shall be upon the faithful of the land," adds, " that they may dwell with me." Tho faithful shall dwell with God. Oh, this is a choice privilege! I think I seo David carrying out this resolution. There is a poor, bat honest man away down there in Bethlehem ; and David hears of liis strict integrity, and sends him a letter. "Come to Jerusalem," says the king,."I will make a courtier of you; I wili make a friend of you. You are the sort of man I want: come and dwell with me." He hears of another poor man, overN yonder, who has been ridiculed because he stood up for Jehovah, the God of Israel, when others were inclined to worship some false god. "Come up to Jerusalem," says lie; "come to live with me. You are my sort of com pany, for you are one of the faithful ones." Now, that is what the Lord Jesus Christ says to us. He calls us as sinuers, but He communes with us as saints. He washes us when we are guilty; but after we arc washed, and He has made us upright in His sight, then He takes us to dwell with Him, Ho delights in openiug His heart to us, and in permitting us to open our heart to Him. Now, if you 'arc not faithful to Christ, you will not be able to commune with Him. If you have done a wrong thing sometimes iu your business, or if you have held your tongue, and not been faith ful in testifying for Christ, when you go on your knees at night you will not be able to find yourself so led out in prayer as you were before, when you were true to Dim. And when you tum to the Scriptures, in stead of finding them speaking to you, they will seem as if they were dumb; no voice of comfort will come from them. But if you have been faithful and true, and out and out for Christ, then you shall dwell witlt Him, you shall abide in Him, and His wool shall abide in you. Then it is added : "He shall serve me." The faithful skill be Christ's servants. I do not know which is the greater privilege, "He shall dwell with Me," or "He shall serve Me." I'er haps the second is the higher. Hare von ever thought,' beloved friend, what an ho nour it is to he permitted to do anything for God? For God to bless us is great condescension on His part; but for Him to permit us to be of any use to Him, this, is a wonderful honour. I believe that there is more honour in being allowed, for the glory of God, to teach a little Sunday school child the way of salvation, than there would be in ruling a whole Kmpire if it were done for the glorification of self. The honour does not lie in the act so much as in the motive"; and if the motive be, "I did it unto the Lord," then I stand in the same rank with . angels—ay, in a line with those wonderful living creatures that John saw in the Revelation, who reveal the glory of God and continually do Him ser vice. 3\. I am going to close by trying to answer one more question, How may we get among these faithful ones? Well, I should say, first, so far as you may be, and so far as your light goes, be faithful to-night. Be honest in confessing sin. Be foro you sleep, put yourself before God just as you are. Have" you hitherto neglected religion? Confess it. Or, have you *ire tended to possess religion when there was no truth in your profession Confess it. What has been your sin? Confess it. Kneel by your bedside, and there, God alone seeing you, unveil your heart before Him. You say that He'knows all about you; that is true, and that is a reason why you should be the more explicit in vour confession to Hiin. Speak freely to Cod, and make Him, as you ought to make Him, your only "Father Confessor." Tell Hiin that you are lost, tell Him that you are hard-hearted, tell Him that you are unfeel ing, tell Him that you desire to be con verted, but that it is only a faint desire as yet, tell Him aH about yourself; in a word, begin to deal with God on the straight. If you have not done so already, I pray God that you may do so to-night, and I beseech yon to go as far as you can in this matter. Reveal your poverty, your fil thiness, your sin, your nakedness, your de sert of hell; only do all honestly, as iu the sight of God. What a wonderful thing it is that men do not like to act thus; yet, when the grace of. God enables tliem to do it, they are already on the road to sal vation. When the man comes before God with a rope round his neck, confessing li at he deserves to die, then there is this bitted text to comfort him, "If we confess cur sins, He is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from all un righteousness." Well, then, dear friend, next, be anxious to have a new heart and a right spirit. May God make you thus anxious to-night 1 llemember that there is evil in us by nature. "All have sinned, and come short of the glory of God." "The heart is deceitful above all things, and des perately wicked"; and before we can te faithful we must be born again. Xo man will ever be true until the God of trmh has truly renewed hiin. Our tendency :s to lean either this way.or that; to stand up right is a gift of Divine grace, and none but the Holy Spirit can'bestow it upoh us. Oh,, that we might have a deep anxiety to undergo . that wondrous 'change, that radical and tolal change of heart which the Saviour described when He said to Nicodemus, "Ye must be born again"! Go to the Lord with David's prayer, "Create in mc a clean heart, 0 God; and renew a light spirit within me." Plead that Old Testament promise, "A new heart also will I give yon, and a new spirit will I put within you; and I .will takeaway the stony heart out of your flesh, and 1 will give you an heart of flesh." Then, sup posing that you have come thus far, I earnestly entreat you, if you would be j found among the faithful of the land, bej sincere in all your dealings with the living God. If you mean to pray, do pray; if yon believe in Jesus, do hot simply say that you believe, but believe; if you repent, do not merely talk of repentance, bat re pent. Let eveiything, be thorough and downright. May the Spirit of Gad save you from getting the imitation of spirituality, Ivhich will damn you, and may He give yon the reality,-of spiritual life, which will effec tually save-you. I believe many are very much injured by being led to pro fess religion when they do not possess it. I charge you before God, who shall judge the quick and the dead in the day of His appearing, never cheat yourself in this matter, for you are the only person-that you can really cheat for long. God Himself you never can deceive. Make clear, clean, sharp, distinct, decided work of this mat ter; or rather, may God the Holy Ghost work this miracle of mercy in you, for Christ's name's sake! 