The Triton at St. Mary's. Opening Day. THE GREAT CEREMONIES BEGAN THIS THURSDAY MORNING. FATHER O'FARRELL'S SERMON. AN ELOQUENT DISCOURSE ON DEVOTION TO THE BLESSED VIRGIN. FULL REPORT. On Thursday morning at K) o'clock tho Triduum in connection with the solemn de dication of St. Mary's Cathedral was com menced with the celebration of Pontifical High Mass by tho Right Rev. Dr. Grimes, S.M., Bishop of Christohuroh. Tho Manly students supplied tho ceremonies, and within the sanctuary wore present all the visiting prelates and the clergy. His Krninonee tho Cardinal presided at the Maes, It was a grand and solemn scone, and was witnessed by a reverent and oversowing congregation The choir rendered special music under the ooviductorship of Mr. Dolaney, Haydn's No. :- being beautifully and »ym pathetically in terpreted. After Mass iho Vory Rov. Fuhor O'Farroll (Superior of the Rodarnptorist Order) preached a powerful sermon. Taking for his text, 'Buhold, henceforth The Cardinal's Library .at St. Mary's Presbytery. Whim la tiih CnxfiincsH was Okuaniskij. ,-,TI n-mm ? I, .mi , «,i mi^iii rfw^ujjiini ii iMiiifiniMun --r-woumi ? j-i ? ?»! i ? l.. 1 1 ii 1 1 inn im i' iin»ti*iiijwJffiTinnTrnT ifi .1 -ratfrfi'FTTrri'ifh'fi^iiii-iirffi'— i ? ..——-.... .. - St. Tlury's Old Seminary, Near the Cnthedrnf, WllMIlM iMhlilOV ANU OTIIKIl lfl.MINRS'1' MMH liKi-'KIVHI) Tlllillt K.Wtl.Y KlUMMTlnN. all generations shall call mo blessed ' (8. Luke I, -IS), Father O'F.irrell paid: — Thu Solemn Tridiuiin which begins to-day is in tended to prepare \as for the ureat function of (Sunday next, whon hin Kminenco the Cardinal Archbishop, surrounded by his venerable brfithren of tho Australasian lOpiscopate, will blsPK this mtignil'iuont U- m pie, and oiler it to Cod by the hands) and in honour of MohI, Hnlv Mn.ry, tho Help of Christians. It is a Birthday gift to the Q iweu of Heaven .from the Ohio! l'asitor, thn clergy and tho faithful of tho Arohdiocjeao (-?!' Sydney. Perhaps 1 should rathor m ty, it in the thanksgiving otldi'inuc of Ih- biwhopH, priests and. Cal-nolio pe.uplo of Australia, who recognise St. Mary's aa tho Mother Church of this now land— the fountain of Australian Catholicity. On such an occasion groat, nay, extra ordinary, graces may bo hoped for from tho bounty of Him to Whom thu ufWing ia made. But, as through Mary God deigned m to give us Jesus, so through her we shall W receive those graces whiah the merits of her B 1) vine Son give us the right to ask and hope E for. Therefore, when his Eminence did me h the honour of asking me to preach on this 1 occasion— an honour I could sincerely wish M had fallon into abler and more worthy I hands — I thought I could not do better I than attempt to load you this morning to i the feet of our dear Lady and strive to re- h animate your Catholic devotion to the ever I glorious Mother of God. | B Mary, Path i in of tiik Church in i Australia. 1 The sweet nanm of Mary ought to be dear, § as I am sure it is, lo every Catholic who is I acquainted with the history of the Church E in Australia. When SO years ago that | intrepid, zealous and devoted priest, Father I John Joseph Therry, first thought of erect- I ing a church in Sydney in which he might j gather together the scattered down-trodden I Catholics, his far-seeing mind giving with prophetic vision into the future, and his heart swelling with hope for the spread of that faith which ho and others had carried from tho Island of S.tints, he felt that it was ) only under the fostering care of Mary the I fficdlirig of tho faith would bo preserved nnd | liuurishiid, Evini as St. John ' took her help nf the Apostles and of the first Christians ; oven as St. Patrick commended to her the peoplo whom he had begotten in tho Lord and whom ho loved so vvoll, ho did this holy prjest in Australia. And that this fund d(\siro of his heart might; !-u rnadtMu-iiiiift.'Bt and remain, ho embodied it in ptoiw and gave to tho first and Mother Chinch of Australia tho name of St. Mary's, undiH1 tho tiilo -if Hnlp of Christians. Antkumty a n i - Univkusauty hi.1 Dkyu ?rioN to M\nsr. But why do we Catholics make so much of Mary '.' Why do we build cathedrals, lihurohoH find ohupehi in her honour ! Why do we turn to her for help in our trials, temptations and necessities? Do we not ex [who ourselves to taunt and ridioulo for so doing ? 'YVs, truly, wo are taunted and ridiculed, and calumniated too, on account of our dovoi.ioti to Mary ! Eat, my dear brethren, wo havo tho long nges of Chris tianity to justify and to guido us in this as in all tho duotrineB and practices of our faith, Was it not a prophecy inspired by the Holy Ghost, and therefore cerium to bo fulfilled, that 'all generations would call her blessed?' Did not. Jesug Himsulf on the Cross commend her to the devotion of his followers when He said: 'Behold your Mother?' What could such words have meant at that most Bolemn moment, if you take from them the meaning attached to them by the Catholic Church ? Did not; St. John, who represented on Calvary the dis ciples of Christ, understand them thus ? Did not the ApoBtles cling to Mary, us we know from the Gospels which tell of her presence at the Cenncle, when they received the Holy Ghost '1' It was from her lips the Evangelists learned the history of the Incar nation, for there was no other living wit nesB to give it to them. Denis the Areo pagite, who lived and wrote in Apostolic times, attests that, the Apostles, and amongst them St. Peter, came long dis tances to see her and to admire in her the greatest work of the magnificence of God. St. James ai Saragossa in Spain, Sb. Johnjat JiJpheaus in Asia, fcJt. Peter in Rome, roised temples and altars in her honour. Art! how else could they have done, knowing that 'of her was born Jesus,' and s-'ting how Elizabeth, filled with the Holy Glu-mr, had honoured her, addressing her as ' blessed amongst women, and hearing the Holy Spirit speaking through the humble Virgin herself, commanding her to be h moim-d, when. He inspired her to chant ihuee words of her canticle : ' From henceforth all gene rations shall call me blessed.' No wonder we find them holding up her name and her prerogatives to the faibn and veneration of all who would subscribe to the first symbol of Faith which they formulated, known to - us as the 'Apostles' Creed,' and in which i the well- known words are inserted : 'Born ] of the Virgin Mary.' i Tuk First Five Okntifuies. From the days of the Apostles onward, devotion to our Blessed Lady showed itself in the erection of churches, altars, mona- j stories and confraternities dedicated or t devoted to her honour. An ancient tradition c tells us how some followers of the Prophet 1 Elias came in the lifetime of our Blessed \ Lady to see her, and became filled with such 1 an enthusiastic love and admiration for her £ that they built a monastery in her honour \ on the summit of Mt. Carmel, from which s came forth the great Order of the Carmel- I ites. n In the anoiont and historic city of s Avignon in France the traveller can read as he enters its gates the inscription which n tells of the temple erected there by St. I Martha, the hostess of our Lord, in honour a of the Blessed Virgin Mary during liar life- a time. It was rebuilt on a magnificent scale a by the Emperor Constantino in the fourth n century, and is now the Cathedral of o Avignon. n St. Frontus, first Bishop of Poriguoux, a also in France, St. Martial of Limoges, Sti. \ Ursinua and George, who belonged to the li seventy-two disciples, all of whom lived in a the first century built churches in honour of A Mary ; and of the last-mentioned —St. h George— it iB related by Abelly, Bishop of V, Rode/., that ho inspired tho people who ri lived on the borders of Lake Loman, now K called Genova, with such devotion to the oi Mother of Jesus that they dunolished tho st idol in a temple of Apollo, and converted tl the temple into a church dedicated to our n Blessed Lady. d- Tho frescos, tho mosaics, and tho insorip- tl lions discovered in reoent timos in the w Roman Gataoonibs bear abundant witnoaa to cl tho widespread and tondor devotion to fr Mary, which existed amongst the early tl Christians, who, during tho throe conturies ai of persecution, wore obliged to worship m Josub in their subterranean chape la, but w worshipped Him in tho arms of His Mother, ai Lator on when the terrible storm had rl: passed, leaving behind the scattered bones vi of millions of martyrs — martyrs to thoir hi faith in tho Son of Mary — many boautiful vv and costly ohurohos were oreotod in honour In of Christ's Mother, especially in Italy and c Gaul. The most remarkable of those wore In tho magnificent Liborian Basilica in Rome, S oallod St. Mary Majors, to distinguish it di from tho (V2 other Romau ahurohos dedicated oi to Our Lady, and tho groat Cathedral of n Nobro Dame at Rhoims, which is ono of tho oc world's wonders of architectural art. Both ol of those groat churches woro bogun in the ol fifth century. gi AN( HIONT LlTIMtdlMS, ' The venerable Liturgies which have aomo *: down to us from those primitive iigos, and ^ which wore the rule and modol of tho * aaorod ritea observed in early Christian n worship, are accurate and inoontoatlblo Pj ovldonco of .what tho people believed and : practised in those times } and nothing in P' them is more strikingly boautiful than tho ' Bplondid oulogluma thoy contain on Mary's w dignity as Mother of Our Lord, and on her J unspotted virginity, with moat earnest j nppoals to tho faithful to vonorato and li- ' j voice her. Tho old Spanish liturgy, ascribed w to St. Jamos, tho Maronlto, tho Aloxand- q 'rlan, and others nil hold up for vonor/tblon Y her Dlvlno Maternity, her porputual vit- , 1 glulty and her Immaoulato Oonooptlon i ^ i \ while in tho Russian or Orthodox Church, ? umwollas amongst tho oautorn aohlainatloa, i \tho devotion to Our Ltwly ontortaiuod and /practised, ovon in our own day, would w, /almost put no Roman Catholics lo nhaino, j', * *.( ' T.iim Mining Anns, )V, Tho history of the Church from tho (llh to hu tho 10th century In Europe Is a history of 01 tho spraiul and development of devotion to of Mary. Tho Irluh poet Hodullun, tho hi Vonorablo Bodo, uh tlio groat Anglo-Saxon bt hlntorlun and Doutor of tho Church id oallod, iu Alcuin, the celebrated English echolai teacher and adviser of Charlemagne, anc some centuries later, the still more cel- I brated Irish scholar, John Duns Scotus, wh taught in tho University of Oxford, a wrote most beautiful things, both in pros and verfe, in praise of Our Lady and con posed inscriptions for churches and altar dedicated to her. The 'Mellifluous Doctor, St. Bernard, praised and preached on ou Blessed Lady in language which will live a long iiB the Church herself ; and all th churches, of tho great Cistercian Order whic he founded in the 12th century are, by Rule dedicated to the Blest erl Virgin Mary. The great religious leaders of the 13b century, St. Francis and St. Dominic, every where preached tho glories and the inter cessory power of Mary, and erectei numerous churches of their respective Order in her honour. Their two illustrious die ciples, Sb Bona.ventureand the immortal St Thomas of Aquin, both Doctors of th Church, are amongst the most devotee clients of Our Lady, as they are the mos learned advocates and most valiant chani pious of the Church's devotion to her. It ii well-known that to St. Dominic and hi disciples we own tho M'orld-wide and mos boautiful devotion of tho Rosary, which is f treasury of doctrine and devotion to even faithful Catholic. But these great lights of the Middle Ages were after all only echoing I he teaching the BPntimeuts and the practise of Ambrose and Jerome, of Augustine and Chrysostom, and a host of others who, in what are callec the primitive ages, wrote and taught, proaohed and propagited veneration and love towards her whom the General Council of Epheeus had proclaimed and defined, amidst the enthusiastic rejoicings of the people, and to the confusion of Nestoriue and his followers, to be ' Thootokos ' — the Mother of God. Devotion* to Mary ix England. In England, once known amongst Euro peon nations as 'Our Lady's Dowry,' from ;he fact of one of her kings having conse crated his kingdom to her, devotion to Mary md such a hold upon the people that there yas no department of publio or domestic ifo into which it did nob find its way. The ;reab ships of war bore her cliigyon their )row ; the very spoons uned at table were o formed as to terminate in the form of our jady's head. Hence in old English wills nention ia often made of ' maiden headed ' poons. Wo hnvn it on tho aubhority of William f Mhlmsbury, that the first churoh in Ungland was built 'in honour of the Blessed nd Holy Virgin, Mofchor of God.' This was t Glasl;onbury, in Somersetshire, where ftorwatda flourished the mosb famous lonastery in England. There is evidence xbanb that Ina, King of the West Saxons, obuilt this churoh at great expense in 704, nd wrobo of ib ad bho 'Church of the Ever Hrgin Mary, the first in the Kingdom of tritain, and the fountain of all bho Chrisbi nity of tho Island.' St. Augustine, ipoatle of England, a oentury before, had uilt a church ab Ely, in honour of the Ivor Virgin Mary, which later on was jbuilfc and redodicated to our Lady by St. ibheldroda. A Counoil of Exeter in .1289 rdered that in every pariah church should land an imago of tho Blessed Virgin. At lat period there were known to have been ot less than 18 churches in London alone edioatod to the Mother of God, Even to lira day there is hardly a town iu England ?hloh has not a St.* Mary's Ohuroh — the odioation, if not the fabric itself, dating 'om Gatholio times. The very names of 10 old atreota of London with their oornero tid croBsinga, not to speak of tho churches, lonaaterioa, guilds and confraternities, ?Ith thoir banners, paintings, soulpturos ud inscriptions, proclaim, in a voioe that rowns bho roar of tho reformers, tho onoration and lovo in whioh Mary was once old in that oouutry. And woo to those ho robbed England of Mary, and Mary of or 'Dowry I' There is also abundant /Idenoo of this devotion in Scotland— the tricl sanobillod by bho labours and virtues of ti Colutnba and his companions. In bhe ays of the good Queen Margareb — a inoninod saint— tho praises of Mary's name .ing throughout the kingdom, in ohuroh and invent, In hall and hovel. In the Ohuroh f, Sb. John Baptist In Porth, nob bo mention bhora, tlioro wciro 39 aUara when Knox be in his work of destruction, and of these vo woro dedicated bo tho Blossod Virgin lary. Bub in Ireland, thank God, tho link ibh tho punt has nevor boon lost, and richer a' Is oho In her poverty than hor prouder ulghbours, for she can still glory iu tho DBBOsalon of hor cherished devotion to lary who throughout bho long night of uroooublon, was hot1 Star of Hope, nor help, or oonifort, hor salvation, No wonder slio ould Btrlvo bo repay Mary's protection and I'oaorvatlon of hor faith, by Bonding forth nr sona and hor daughters to tho great new -nd of tho Wosb, as woll as to this fair land f tho south, to carry tho name of Mary 1th tho Faith of her Son and of His hurah, and ralso up bo her honour now imploB, like this noblo Oathodrul of Sytl jy, surpassing In beauty and magnlfloonoo 10 Bborlod grandeur of tho old, Flowing tlion from tho eternal and only uiroo ot graao— -bho Foob of tho Cross— ? atorlng tho foundations of tho Ohuroh, 'avowing with steady and ooustant aourso ) oonturloB of Christianity, widening out id Increasing Its power, till now, llko a ia, It loavoH ovory land whoro tho Catholic liuroh lias oot hor foot, thiH Having stream dovotlon to Mary, tho Mother of God, ih fortlllsod tho vineyard of tho Lord, And mold hero to- diiy in thin uloriouu tumplo, ul In tho loyal forvout pioty of thin con- r, gregation, one of its latest and loveliest 1, fruits ! Oh, how God has glorified that 3- humble Virgin who glorified Him so much ! 0 Oh what an emphatic fulfilment of Mary's U great prophecy — 'All generations shall e call me blessed' — to see here to-day in the l- latest and youngest of the nations, Prince ?a and Prelates, pastors and people, represen ' tatives of every diocese under the Southern ir Cross, and of every nation that has pre a served the Faith, gathered together in thoir e thousands in this peerless City of the South h to offer one more monument to Mary's ), honour, one more tribute of their veneration, their confidenon, and their love to the ever h glorious, ever Virgin Mary, Mother of God. \\\ It Was God Who First Honoured Mary. d And what more reasonable, more sublime s than this devotion ? It has God Himself as i- its Author, for it was God who first i. honoured Mary. He predestined her before e all other human creatures, for undoubtedly 1 the first-born amongst men in the mind of t God was the God-Man Jesus Christ, who ? was to be the Saviour of humanity, and this s God-Man was to bo the fruit of Mary's womb, s Therefore before Adam and Eve Mary was b in the mind of God, and hence are the words i of tho Holy Spirit placed in her mouth by Y the Church : ' Tho Lord hath possessed mo in the beginning of His ways, from the bo 3 ginning before Pie would make anything.' , On tho occasion of man's fall by the dis 3 obedience of Adam, God spoke of Mary and , J announced her coming, as the woman from whoso seed would spring the Saviour of mankind, and who thus would crush tho serpent's power over mun, To His prophets God revealed her as the \ Virgin who would conceive and bring forth J a Son who would be the Emmanuel — the ' God with us — the world's Redeemer. ' Be- ' hold,' said Isaias, 'a virgin shall conceive ] and bear a Son, and He shall bo called Emmanuel tho God with us.' ( But when Mary had come as the Morning ] Star to herald the coming of the ' Sun of I Justice,' and when God would treat with ' her, and make her a voluntary Co-operator 1 in the great work of the Redemption — ask- £ ing and waiting for hor consent, it was not \ a Patriarch or Prophet or any human being x He deputed to bo Hia messenger, but one ' of those heavenly spirits who 'stand before ( His face and minister to Him.' , Oh, try l my dear brethren, to imagine tho descent of } the Archangel Gabriel coming as the Arnbas- \ sador of God, bearing a message such as * never before or Bince was delivered to man. * Not to any_ royal palace or earthly sovereign } does ho wing his flichb, bub bo tho humble J homo of Mary of Nazareth. Ho enters ; ? and as if informed by God of the marvellous * brightness of the Virgin's soul, as well as of £ the transcendant dignity to which he was £ aboub to raise her, the Archangel — bo k beautiful, so pure, so perfeot himself — bows v before the surpassing excellence of the v humble Mary, and addresses her in wordB t such as never foil on human oar: 'Hail,' fl said he, 'full of grace, tho Lord is ^ with thee, blessed art thou amongsb *? women I' And remember bho Gospel eayH : n ''The Angel was senb by God.' This ^ honour, then, paid her by tho angel, was n from God. j- To Those Who Do Not Honoi/k M.\rv, q Bub a higher honour sbill awaited her. i For as soon us she gave her oonsent bo be- j, oomo tho mother of tho 'Son of tho Most ^ High,' on the assurance of the preservation y of her virginity, tho Eternal Son of j God Hinifielf — not an angel now, but j the Lord of tho Angels — came to j- hor and took flesh — our human flesh — w in hor immaculato womb by tho operation rj of the Holy Ghost. In that niomonb bho ft greatest of myBterles is accomplished : God n has a mother, and tho loat world a .Saviour, jy Oh, proud, recreant, cowardly souls, who p bhink you would debase yourselves by n honouring Mary, who dospiao ana n rovilo the praobloes of thofio who do hor jy honour, first go and erase if you oan from bho pages of your Bible the record of thiR history, and then, If you will, come and rovilo tho worshippers of Mary ! The £' Ebionitoa, the Arianu, the Nest orians, who D denied or erred about the Incarnation of the ft Son of God, woro logical in drawing from £1 false premises conclusions adverse to tho ' Church's praotioo of honouring Mary. But ^ nob so you who profefJH to bolievo as Abhan- °A aslus did and rcoito his Orood, ^ Go Into tho stablo of Bethlehem on that P Christinas night whon tho time of Mary's a delivery had arrived ; ga/-o upon tho new- ° born Babe that lies brembling on His litblo ™ rough bod of straw ; see rovoronbly kneeling a, boaldo Him tho youthful maiden with hands si olaspod and oyoB lovingly fixed upon tho ^ Child— speaking In every glance the rapbur- ' oub firsb love oi a mothers heart ; an'd o-bIc *c your faith or your Blblo to oxplain tho R saono, In no unoortaln tone it will auswor : ' That Child is tho Eternal who oroatod you j that maiden Is Mary of Nazareth In whose J-' womb Ho took flash, who has juat brought ° Him forth, aud is HIh true aud mosb loving !jji Mother. See, then, how with a mothor's ™ privilege and a motuor'n love sho takes Him ^ in her arms, imprints a mothor'a kiss ou HIh °! sweet Faoo, holds Him to her broast to °' warm HIh trombllng limbs, and nourish Him '? with hor own Hiibstance, and muat you nob ^ confess that ono of those looks of allocation, ^ cue of thoso loving oaroBBos with which tho t'1 Dlvlno Child roturnod bho swoot ombracos ai of His Mother was Inflnlboly moro glorious Ht to hor than tho homage of all created bolngu,- angels aud men, though thoy were to prun trate thoinaolvos boforo hor, and remain prnutratod till tho Day of Judgment. i\ Again ontor tho cottago of Na/.uroth when w tho Olitld had grown to uu a boy— a boautl- ]c ful Boy Who, as tho Goiipol uaya, 'grow In ^ i ? i grace and wisdom as He graw in years before' God and men.' See how punctually and reverently He obeys every command of her who presides over the domestic concerns of the little household. At one time He lights tho fire, at another sweeps the floor, washes the dishes or fetches the water ; and tell me again, 0 Holy Faith, 0 Sacred Word of Truth, who is that Boy, and who is she whose commands He obeys ? That Boy is God the Lord of the Universe, Who in His Mercy has come to save jjmankind, and she who thus commands Him is Mary, the Virgin of Nazareth, who conceived Him in her womb, who gave Him birth in Beth lehem. 0 wondrous privilege to command a God and be obeyed by Him ! Ox The Hill of Calvary. Once more, lot us ascend the Hill of Calvary on that Good Friday long ago. Contemplate that sad and touching sigiib that meets your view. Between two notori ous criminals who are expiating their crimes on crosses there stands a third cross, and- from ib hangs quivering Anth pain and agony a man with sweet and noblo counten ance. Huge rough nails mercilessly driven through his fair and delicate hands and feet hold him suspended. HiB life-blood is ebbing away through the awful wounds, ond tho pallor of death is spreading over His features, Beside him stands a lady simply dressed bub beautiful and dignititd. On her sweet face the most agonising S) mpathy and suffering are depicted. Her eyes are immovably, lovingly fixed on the dying victim. Every movement of His parched lips, every painful sigh that escapes Him seems a sharp sword penetrating, dividing her heart. Who, let me ask onoo moro, is bhat poor dying victim ? Who ia this grief 3tricken lady that stands beside- him ? Ah, my deai' brethren, you know but too well. Che victim is Jesus, the Incarnate Son of aod, who was onco the sweet Babe of Bebh lehem, Whom Mary brought forth and laid n the manger ; and there beside Him is )hat same Mary. His own true, sweet,, oving Mother, even as Bhe waB at Bethlehem md Nazareth. And while we grieve with he Son and praiBo and thank Him for His VIorcy shall wo have no word of sympathy or the Mother — no word of praise or thanks )f love for her who freely and lovingly gave ip her Beloved for our salvation ? Or shall ye dare to sundor what God has bo closely oined, or attempt to separate the ruib from the plant, the jewel from ihe cftskeb, the pearl from its eholl T tfo, a thousand times, no. While we rejoice u Jesus, our mosb adorable, loving and neroiful Lord and Saviour, we recognise in d.ary tho mosb magnificonb work of His lands. Jesus is God, and became Mary's Jon bo save us. If He had nob been the Jon of Mary as well as the Son of God, He vould nob have been tho Redeemer of the vorld, the Christ of the Gospols. To Mary, hen, we give all tho homage, honour, love ,nd oonfidonoo it is in our power to give horli of that which wo givo to Jesus. In leavon, on earth, sho has no equal. God ,louo is above hor ; all else is buneath her. Aany can say : 'lam God'a propheb,' ' I m God's Aposble,' 'lam God's angel.' )ne being only can say : ' I am God's dobher.' And, leb mo add, ono only Jhurch can say : ' I am God's Church.' Uid that is the Church which gives us not a AotherleBB Christ, who would oortainly nob io tho Ohrisb of bhe Gospels, but Ohriat i'lTii His Mother, Josus with Mary, as bhe £oly Gospels give Him ab Bobhlohem, at Jaaarobh, and on Calvary. And surely in Ioavon those beautiful natural relations, fhioh existed on earth are not destroyed. ]ho human naburo which tho Son of God SBum'ed He still rotalne, and thab human aburo is over speaking to Him through lary, who is ab onoo tho Mother of the lodoemer and of tho redeemed. Thus wo avo ever pleading our cause with God that lost powerful of all human advooabos— a lother at bho feet of her Son. Timo Last Wish:. Lot us then rojoloo and givo thanks to \o6 that we are tho inner! torn of bhis oaubiful and salutary devotion which has domed tho lives of so many auintH, Lot us liank our dear Lady tho Help of Christians )r having watched over with such lovingoaro lie foundations of tho Ohuroh iri'Australia, von as sho did over tho Churoh of the L.postlen. Lob ua rojoloo, too, thab wo are riviloged to take part with his Mrnlnonoe, nd so many other distinguished prelates in /taring this new tribute of praise and dovn. ion to our Blessed Lady, It will bo a now ad proaloua gem in hor glorious crown, bhe ighb of whioh will glvo joy to tho Heavenly burt j but especially to her devotod oliont, ohn Joaoph Therry, who laid tho first nindatlous of this noblo pile, and to those roat archbishops, priests, and people who -ved and laboured for Sb. Mary's I May the proolous treasure of bho Faith ley havo handed down inoreane aud grow rlghtor every day under tho radiant loving nile of Mary, Mother of God, Mother of CIh Ohuroh, and Mother of every child of io Ohuroh in this now land I And may wo vov strive to rejoloo her heart by our lovo, bodlenoo to hor Son, and to His Ohuruh I lay hor great virtuoa of humility, purity, titl charity bo tho virtues of hor ohlldron In .ustralla, And may hor Hwoot namo, to uthor with tho namo of Josus, of ton and '' Jiifklonbly Invoked during lifo bo the last mud upon our dying lips, Amon, 11 Honslowo'H Annual,' a Sydnoy produo on, Ih not at all a biul (ifFoi'b, aud in well ortli tlio Bhillina. Tho illustrationa and ibtorproHB aro built ou tho Huoh of Phil, lny'fl. 