the blue diamond. BY L. T. MEADE, Author of "Tho Siren," "The Yellow Drawing- room," "Dr. Ramsey's Patlont," "The Wooing of Monica," qtc., etc. (CHAPTER VI.— (Continued.) Lll Lawford— small, slight, rosy of face, with crisp golden linlr and very blue eyes — made such a contrast to her that the nurse, as she held the baby in her arms, looked from one to the other, puzzled, and with a vague sense of uneasiness. "That woman hates iMIcs Lawford, and God help tho sweet littlo lady if she gets into her power!" muttered the nurse. Nadino came slowly forward. "How is tho dear child, Airs. Morris?" she said. "Quite well, thank you." replied the nurse. Nadine bent down over the baby. "His mother has a3kc<l for liim. I havo como to take him to her." "I generally bring the baby to my mistress myself, Miss Nadine," said Morris, suddenly pull ing herself togcihor and speaking in a coura geous manner. "1 would rather not entrust tho baby to any other arms." "Y'ou can safely leave him in my care for a few moments," replied Nadine. "Here, don't talk folly. I havo my mistress' orders to bring baby to her." . Morris shrank back. Nadine took the child, and without glancing again at Lil left tho room. Morris now turned with a crimson face towards tho young girl. "I do declare, Miss," she cried, "I don't think I can stay ii that woman remains in the house." "Bui you must stay, Morris," replied the girl at once, "baby needs you. Baby will be much worse oil it you go. Don't make Nadiue into an onomy. Try for tho sake of baby to bear with her." "You are looking quite pale and frightened yourself, Miss; you will forgive me for saying so." "I am impressed by Nadine; she is qulto won derful!" said Lil, in a low voice. "She Is bad through and through; she is a fletjd in human guise," replied tho nurse. "She is everyone's enemy in the house, Including my poor mistress." Lil remained in the nursery n few moments longer. She then went to her room. On her way there site encountered Nadine, who was slowly returning to tho nursery bearing the child in her arras. "I said so," she remarked to Miss Lawford, as sho passed, "my mistress could not stand tho child. Tho moment he began to cry she asked me to take him away. Sho has been doing a great deal too much in my absence. It was a vory good thing I returned when I did." Lllias said nothing. She hated to see tho love ly baby in the woman's arms. She went to her room. The lire was burning brightly, the candles were already lit. Sho sat down In an armchair and gave way for a few moments to a sense of peace and repose. "I cannot stay hero long, of course," thought tho girl, "but at least Nadine's presence re leases mo from all responsibility with regard to Beatrix. It Beatrix will bo a fool and throw away her happiness I am afraid I cannot help her. X shall havo more leisure at any rate to attend to Hubert's concerns. I will try and havo a talk with Jack to-night. It will bo terrible. A11 the pride of my nature will be. crushed to tho very earth, but I must speak to him. I will manage somehow, in some fashion, to return him the money, and when I-Iubort gets all right I must implore of him to leave the country." As Lil thought all these things there came a tap nt her door. She said, "Come in," and Nadine quietly entered. Nadino closed tho door and came forward. "Will you kindly, Miss Lawford," She. said, speaking in an even voice, which all the time betokened a vory quiet but real power, "will you kiudly roturn mo the stone which my mis tress entrusted to your euro last night?" "Tho— the diamond, you mean?" -said Lil, coloring. "I mean the diamond," replied' Nadine. "Will you give it to mo now? My mistress is nervous. Sho has cause to be. She ought never to have shown it to you> aud having done so she ought still less to have left it in your care. That stone is of tho utmost value. There Is a history connected with it of which I cannot speak. Shall I take It now?" "I will bring it," said Lil. She had an insuper able objection — she could scarcely tell why — to letting Nadine know where she had hidden it. Nadino still stood, almost motionless, before her. "Mrs. Temple wishes to havo it now." "I will bring it," said Lil. "Vory well, miss, please bring it to the dress ing-room. Should my mistress happen to be nbleep sho will not hear you." "Then if sho is asloep there is no hurry about tbo diamond. I will bring it presently. Go, pleaso; I wish to be nlono." Tho woman raised her dark brows, gave Lil a ponclrating glance, then turning slowly went away. As soon as tho door had closed behind her the girl turned the key. "What is the matter?" she said, speaking half aloud. "Why do I hate her, and why am I frightened? Havo I any cause to bo fright ened? Of course she will have the diamond back; most gladly will I let that hldeouB respon sibility slip, from my shoulders." '- As she sp'olco she took a chair, put a footstool on it, and malting use of this temporary ladder thrust her hand- over the' top of the wardrobe. She found tho bandbox Just where she had placed it, and with some UMlo-difllculty managed to lift it from its hiding-place. Sho sprang down from her chair and walked to the table. There she opened the bandbox nnd took out the hand kerchief in which eSio had placed the diamond. Sho sortly unfolded It, fold after told, and thon stnrtol back. Sho did not utter a cry, for the intense emotion of the moment was too great for any ordinary expression. Tlio hakdkorchief was empty, the diamond gone! . CHAPTER VII. Lll's first mad Impulse was to rush to Nadine and tel Iher that a thief had entered the room in her absence and stolen the Blue Diamond ; hut she no sooner felt this impulse than she checked it. A strange trembling seized her, her eyes felt dim, sho could not eveu seo clearly. She looked vacant ly round her, shook the hnndkerohief, gazed at tho empty bandbox, and finally staggered to tho nearest chair; sho was quite cold, and slio felt plolc. , It soomcd absolutely impossible to believe tbat the diamond was . gone. The room had undergone no special cloaning in her absenco. How could anyone have discovered tho bandbox hidden on tho top of tho wardrobe? . Tho sick, faint feeling which possessed'her was so strong that she could not even at. first think coherently. At last, however, her physical dls- comfont passed and she was able to bring her mind to bear upon the matter. Beyond doubt a frightful thing had occurred. Sho had boen en trusted with the enro of a. diamond of almost untold value the nighit before. .The diamond had vanished. Was it possiblo that she would be suspected of stealing it? But no — of course not. in all this cruel world no one could be quite so cruel ue that. Dut, nil the same, sho did not know what to ilblnk nor what to do. " I-Ior dread of Nadine grow greater and greater, tho more sho thought over matters. Hor first natural desire to tell her tho truth became new impossible. Tho imminence of tho peril she was In forced her to some sort of action. She could not confldo in Tomple, for ovldeutly one of Mrs. Templo's greatest terrors was that her husband should know anything of the diamond. Suddenly she thought of Hubert. Black shoep 03 he was, ter rible as his present plight was, be, was nt least a man of tlio world; ho might advfeo her what to do. He could give her Intelligent ndvico at least. The thought of going to him bccarao -more and more tho only thing possible to be done. She hastily put on her hat and Jacket. In n few moments sho would bo out of the house where Nadino lived. Thnt nlono gave hor a sense of comfort. She ran downstairs. She let hersolf out without anyone seeing her. She called n han- son, gavo tho man Hubert's address,- and was quickly taken there. Sho jumped out, paid hor fare, nnd ran upstairs. Hubert's rooms were on the third floor. She knocked at his door, quick steps immediately crossed the room, tho door was filing opon, and Hubert appeared on tho threshold. . "Oh. I any, littlo Lil," he cried, "this is nice." "I want to speak to you," sho said. "Como in," ho answered, "come in." He took her hand and pulled her into the room, closing the door Immediately behind her. "Have you brought me tho chink, Lil?" ho said, in a whisper. "No, I havo not. Hugh, I have come on my own account; I am In the most awful trouble." "Y'ou In trouble? Why, what has happened? I-Iao Strong bolted with another girl?" "Oh, don't speak of Dick now, ho is away in Brittany; this has nothing whatever 'to do with him. Hubert, thero is no one else that I can confldo In. Perhaps I am doing a mad. and foolish thing to speak to you, but I must— I must." "It Is rather a compliment, seeing tho way- you hnve nil been looking down on mo lately, to turn to me now as a source of strength," replied Hubert. "Spoalt nut, old girl. If you have got Into a sernpo you'll flnd me wondrous kind— follow-fecllng, you know— aud all that sort of thing." "Hugh do — do hear mo." "I will in a moment, but first of all tell mo how the governor is. I didn't expect- to seo you back in London to-night." "Ho Is hotter; he recovered consciousness last night. T saw mother nnd the girls. They would not let mo see him for fear of startling him. When I founili I was not wanted r returned' to town." "I am glad he Is better," answered Lawford. "Poor old governor." Hie face suddenly grew thoughtful, the light from a lamp fell on It. Thero was a time when he had been tho hand somest. member of the Lawford fumlly. but that time had long gone by. In those bloodshot eyes and bloated features thero was little of tho old graco left. Nevertheless Just then n gleam of IJ«e old beauty vlsilod his fare. It was awuken- , ed by the mention of his father's name. "Poor old governor!" ho aald again softly. "I I am more sorry than I can say. Do you think, LI, that I — I In any way have been Responsible for this attack?" "Let your own. conscience speak to you, Hugh. I do not know, but I fear it." \- "God knows I am a bad lot," he said. He walked across the room, looked out Into the moonlit street, nnd then returned to his sister. "lie Is better, and that is something. You have been talking to mater about me, of course. Can she got me out of my present beastly mess? Of course, I can understand tho governor is not to he troubled. It rests with the mater whether she can raise tlio fivo hundred, or it rests with you to speak to Temple on the subject." "Yes, yes, I understand, aud perhaps some- thing can be done," said Lil; "but for the mo ment I must, speak of myself. I am quite be wildered; I have had a fearful loss, and it af fects my nerves. Last night Beatrix showed me her jewels. Amongst (fibers was one of which I ought not to speak, und yot I must tell you. It was a great—" ''Diamond, was it?" said' Hubert, suddenly. His wholo faco altered; ho became keen, alert, watchful. Ho sat down near Lil, and looked her full in the face. "Go on," he said, "go on." "It. was a diamond," she repeated; "a very valuable diamond. It was called — " "Not the Blue Diamond? Don't tell me it was called the Blue Diamond," interrupted Hubert. "Yes, Hugh, yes. Why, do you know about It. Can you tell me anything?" "I am not sure— it la just possible. What Pro vidence sent you here to-night? Was dt Pro vidence or tho- Devil? Go on, speak, I am all attention." "Beatrix is completely under the power of a Russian woman called Nadine," continued Lii; "sho has never told her husband that 3he pos sesses this dinmond, hut she showed it to me. She said sho was under no promise not. to tell me about It, and it wot Id comfort her to know that I had seen It." "How much money would it fetch, Lil? Five hundred pounds?" "It seemed to be almost priceless! replied LB, "as far as I can tell— a very largo stone with a blue light. It has a history," "Of courso It is celebrated; I told you I had benrd of it before. Weil, go on." "Wo wore both looking at this treasure when we heard. Jack's step on the stairs, and Beatrix lost her nerve and thrust the precious thing into my hands and asked me to keep it for tho night. I was terribly afraid to keep It. but there was no help for It, for Bee was on tho verge of hys terics. I took the thing to my room and looked nt it, for it faritinated mo; it war, most dazzling and lovely, but It had an evil look In It. I felt that it might hurt me. I meant to take it back to Beatrix tho next morning, when Jack saw me and said that father was ill, and it was arranged that I should start by a very early train, In order to get to Stamford as soon as possible. I (could not take tho diamond back to Bee, so I hid it. I hid it In an old box on the top of the wardrobe; I thought no ono would find it." "Yes; go on." "Why, Hugh, you have quite a queer look on your face." "I tell you I have got just the ghost of a clue; there may be nothing in it, but go on, Lil. Y'ou hid It, and you went down to see tho governor." "I hid it," replied Lil, "and I went to the country. The first thing I heard on my return was that Nadino had como back unexpectedly. About an hour ago sho came to my room and 6ald that her mistress bad sent hor to a«k me to give back the diamond. I would not' %ow her my poor little hiding-place; I promised to bring it In a moment or two. She left the room. I took the bandbox from the top of the- wardrobe, Hugh, and opened it. Tho treasure was gone!" "I guessed that," replied Hubert. "I don't know who has takon It; I only know that It has quite gono. Hugh, what Is to become of me?" "They cannot suspect you of having stolen Tt," said Hubert. "I hope not; tbey would not daro to. But I nm terribly troubled. I don't know what I shall do. I am so terrified, of that woman." "But no one could suppose that you would steal It. But describe it to mo, Lil; what was it like?" "I don't Iilow whether I ought to tell you, but I suppose I must." "I cannot help you if you don't. This is a case for the keenest detectives in London. You must toll me all you can, LII." Lil began to describe the Blue Diamond. Hu bert listened attentively. After a time he took a pencil from his pocket, and drawing a shoet of notepaper towards him 'made a sketch of the dia mond as Lil described it. She remembered it well, and could speak of it with ascertain amount of accuracy. "And it weighed how much?" he asked. "I don't know," replied Lil. "From your account of the size, it must weigh considerably over one hundred carats. A stone of that magnitude would fetch any price. This is exciting, Lil; and as I said, I think I have got the ghost of a clue. You must go home quietly now and say nothing. If I am right in jny conjectures you shall hear from me in the morning." "I cannot imagine what you know; the mystery thickens." "Nor can I tell you, my dear. Y'ou won't forget to do something for me, will you, Lil? You won't" forget how Imminent and terrible my peril is?" "If I do anything, It will bo for mother's and father's sake," replied tho girl. "Oh, I am be wildered. This last blow seems too muchl" "And yet the reprobate brother may get you out of your, scrape," said the young man. "I will go downstairs with you and put you into a han som." As Hubert spoko ho opened the door, and he and Lil left the room. He hailed a hansom, put her in, and she drove back to the Temples' house. The first person she met .on the stairs was Nadine. "So you havo boen out, miss," said the woman, giving Tier a keen glance. "You havo not yet given me that which I seek-" "After dinner,", said Lil; "after dinner; ! have only just time to dress now. How 1b your mis tress?" "Vory ill." "Can I see her this evening?" "Certainly not." "She is not coming down to dinner, then?" "Down to dinner? -I havo just sent for tho doc tor. Sho lias been doing a great deal too much. Well, Miss Lawford, I shall expect you to lot me have the atone to- night." (To bo continued.) \ 