" PRESBYTERIAN GEiNERAL ASSEMBLY. SCHEME OF FEDERAL UNION. A MINORITY DIFFICULTY. Most of yesterday's sittings of tho Presbyterian Assembly wero occupied by a discussion. 011 tho sehemo of fcdoral union. The clerk of the assembly (tile Rev. Dr. Laing) suhmitted tho report of the committee on Inter course with oilier churches, which included the report on union. Tho coinmitLco reported as follows: — fr0',n I,rcH'>ytcri<s on tho Assembly's remit, embracing the scheme of anion, were received and eon- aldcred by the commission, which met in October oi mained11)!. u'Vo" w"? lhi,t.",c "< " dlir.rre,? 11 I , Willi tin's important difference, sections HI. and V. were restored to the Kwi'L.irAm ? 1 nr'iclcs ' "Kwnent. Since that, (lie Ihnf Jr.« ? y ''?s m.rt Melbourne, with this result that, after long and animated debate, section 111 IV and V were retained in the basis; "General" has' burn substituted for "National" ns (lie designation of tlic Assembly of the Church of Australia; and the whole T!i.C,fiM,rnLU«#0n a.d0plIed' uit.h wr-v amendment. The scheme of union has again been sent down to tin supreme courts of the several Churches for acceptance or rejection as a whole, n is now laid before H e U. fiembly. Sections HI., IV., nnd v., ,,s adopted bv the Federal Assembly, now read as follow:— 111.— Any proposed revision or abridgement of the sub- oidjriato standard of tho Church, or re-iustatement of \ 8 'farc being adopted, be remitted to the local Assemblies, and through them to the presbyteries, nnd no change shall be made without the constat of :i majority of the local Assemblies, thrce-flfths of tho presbyteries of the whole Church, and a majority of three-llfths of the members present ai uie meeting of the General Assembly when the final vote is taken. IV.— Any minority consisting of at. least one-lifih of tho congregations of the whole Church, protesting against a change of tho basis of union, and determining to adhere to it, may retain their property in their own churches, manses, and glebes, provided that in each of the congregations protesting, three-fifths of the members on the communion roll declare, bv a cer tified document, and within three months after the adoption of the proposal to change, that Ihov cannot acquiesce in it, but are resolved to continue their connection with the Ohurch, adhering to the basis of union. V. — In the case of any minority, consisting of less than one-fifth of the congregations of the whole Church, refusing to acquiesce in any adopted change of the basis of union, the General Assembly shall have power to deal with the properly belonging to (he congre gations of the minority as may seem meet and equit able to the Assembly. The addition, "three-fifths of the member present," etc., renders this Lection both more severe as well as complete. Section IV., as given here, is the full text of wlmt was only indicated in the clause as it left the adjourned meeting of the Federal Assembly in April, JSD0. Section V. is adjusted to section IV. The designa tion "General" has Ixien adopted in deference to the wishes of the New South Wales Church. The following Is the finding of the Federal Assembly at its meeting in Melbourne in March last: — The Assembly adopt the scheme as amended, nnd ex press their gratitude to God for the good feeling that has prevailed among the members representing the various Churches in t ho Federal Assembly during the lengthened period that the question of union has been under discus sion, nnd further prospect there is of a harmonious settle ment of the negotiations being reached; agree to remit the scheme to the supreme courts of tho negotiating Churches for acceptance or rejection as a whole. Agreo also to hold an adjourned meeting of this Assembly in 3Iclbourne, on tho 20th June next, at 7.30 p.m., to re- delve the returns and deal with them; nnd, further, that it be a recommendation to that meeting, in the event of the final adoption of the scheme, to arrange for the first meeting of Uie General Assembly, to be held in Sydney in the month of July, 1901, or such other date as may be found .suitable. Re-appoint the committee, and empower the executive to take inich steps as they, in their wisdom, may deem desirable for securing a successful meeting at the opening session of tho new Assembly. The representatives of our Ohurch present at tho Federal Assembly, though comparatively few in number,, loyally supported the action of our Assembly in seeking to eliminate section IV. of the basis, and were strongly sup ported by the learned procurator. After a long ana able discussion, tho Fcdoral Assembly resolved to retain all those sections, and, as all the contracting parties, except tlic Church of New South Wales, have indicated , their purpose to accept them, it now rests with us to deter mine whether the union shall be speedily accomplished or indefinitely postponed. A statement of the voting on the occasion may be of interest. The first nmendmcnt by Mr. Affleck for the omission of section IV. was lost— there being ayes 23, noes 20. Dr. Macdonnld'a nmendmcnt for the excision of sections HI., IV., and V. was also nega tived by 32 votes to 20. Tho motion for the retention of all the clauses was carried by 32 votes to 10. In view of the anticipated union of the Presbyterian Churches of Australia, and in harmony with its spirit, it was suggested that overtures should -be made to the nvnods of Eastern Australia, with a view to their joining the Presbyterian Ohurah of New South Wales. There now exist the synod of Eastern Australia, consisting of four ministers with cliargcs, and the re-constituted synod of Eastern Australia, consisting of three ministers and their congregations. At first it was thought tlmt com munications might be opened with these brethren by your committee, lmt. 011 maturcr consideration, it re garded as beyond llie province ot the committee to initiate such a movement, and it was resolved to bring tho matter before this Assembly. Four years ago, Dr. Laing said, tlic appear ances vvcro very much In tavor of an early con summation of union. In Victoria, however, a cer tain parly wltb certain fears had made certain changes,, with tho consequence that the matter had been delayed two years. There was still a small section In Victoria which was disturbed about certain questions, so that the matter re- ; muiucd whero it stuotl two years back. It was peculiar that all the difficulties and delays liad come from tho Victorian Church. Ghosts had been raised, which It scorned to' he the desire of no of their Victorian brethren to lay. He did not say the ghosts were not real. They were real to those who feared ghosts. (Laughter.) It was their duty, thcrofore, to consider tho condi tion of their Victorian brethren who feared ghosts. (Laughter.) . There wero, however. In the Victorian Church men of stouter mould, who saw no ghosts at all. Tho only debatable part of the report was section -1. He was not alto gether ennmored of It. It had boon cleverly but fallaciously described as an explosive, because an explosion under that section could only take place under exceptionally peculiar circumstances, j The present was all Important crisis, anil ho asked the houso to consider the Importance of tho sltua- 1 tlou. It rested with them whether there should ho Immediate union, or whether by rejecting sec tion 4 thoy postponed it perhaps sine dio. The Victorian Church liad been, committed to tho clause. Ho would move that Instead of going into committee t.bey proceed to consider sections 3, 4, and 6, tlio basis of union. The motion was lost, and Uie house then went Into committee, tho Rev. W. M. Dill Macky tak ing the clialr. A motion to amend section 3 was negatived. The Rev. Dr. Clouston moved to retain clause 4\. Though belonging to tho liberal side of the House, he did not want progress unless the Conservative section went along with them. lie regarded the clause as a check 011 rash and ovcr- husly legislation. There wero livo Churches which had accepted tho clauso. Let thelr's not bo the Church to reject it and delay union. The Procurator joined issue with Dr. Clouston that tho rejection of the clauso would delay union for years. Many of them, however, while thoy would not allow their vlows on that clause to block union, did feel so strongly on the ques tion that they would prefer to sea union post poned one, 01 oven two, years, rather than that clauso 4 should bo retained. Tho Issuo on that clauso was whether they wero to trust tho Eccle siastical Court or not. Tlicro was 110 protec tion under that clause for minorities, but under clause G they would be amply protected. Ho was prepared to accept tho drags of clause 3, pro vided clauso 4 was deleted; if it was not struck out, then thero would ho a pretty light over clause 3. They could accept tho assurances of Professor Harper and Mr. Mciklejohn that tlio abolition of clauso 4 would not jeopardiso union. (Applause.) The Rev. W. M. Dill Macky said that for him to sit still and allow clause 4 to be rejected would he to have something 011 Ills conscience which I10 would regret all his days. They wanted to, preservo the unity of Ui.o Presbyterian Church. It might be that a majority would arise who would not accept the Bible as a stan dard of faith and authority, and a man who believed that, he would not trust as fur as ho could sec him. That clauso provided for the protection of the faith of their forefathers, which thoy desired to hand down unsullied to their children. (Applause.) Tho Rev. G. D. Buchanan could not liclp noticing that tho men who had objected to union all along on every conceivablo point were now objecting to tho last ditch, clauso 4. Ho luul listened for some real reason why clauso 4 should not stand, because If It was a dangerous clause lie dUl not want it. What they had Beard vne beautiful sentiment. The soiled Presby terian somehow grew into a Unitarian plant. They educated their men so finely that, when they lost their heart and tli.olr spiritual side, tlicv went over to Unltarlanlsm. It would ho well to have a brake on their wheels, such as that clause provided, oven if it should not bo needed. It would prevent schism. ("Hear, hear.") Tho Rev. Dr. Cameron agreed with the Pro- curator that clause 4 was dangerous and un- Presbytcrian. A fundamental prlnciplo of th.elr Church was majority rale. The claim of minori ties had been ably advocated that afternoon. He belonged to the Conservative school, and ho hoped 110 attempt was going to he inado to tamper with their very excellent creed. If they did not trouble their creed, tho creed would not trouble litem. (Laughter.) They troubled themselves very little about tho creed, cither In preparing their sermons or In preaching them. (Laughter.) At tills stage the discussion was adjourned unLil to-day. ' 