ILLUSIONS PAST AND PRESENT. IN the death of Professor Pepper, at his residence in Colworth-road, Loy tonstono, there passesawa away a person. ago who may be rightly looked upon as the originator of the modern style of illusion. He was the creator, some thirty- years ago, of the cole brated "Pepper's Ghost," and for some time earned maoh fame and no little fortune by the exhibition of an illusion whioh was then looked upon as marvellous, but the secret of which is easily explained. This was in the days when those ourious variety shows of recreative science known as polytechnio institutions were popular with a class having midday leisure and no settled way of passing it. The Adelaide gallery flourished for a time on the dual attraction of a steam gun and an electric eel, while the poly teohnio drew its patrons by a dis. play of dissolving views and a diving bohell in a tank. It was then that Prof. Pepper and his " Ghost" ap peared on the scone, and opened up a new era in the world of modern magic. Pepper, was a man, who, although of no great intentive talent, was never theless a clever talker, and able to keep in touch with his listeners, so as to hold their attention, and even gain their admiration. He quickly eaw that if the Royal Polytechnic was to enjoy more of fortune's favor than certain of its rivale, it was necessary to introduce more novelty and sen sation into a form of entertainment of which a diving bell and dissolving views were the stable attractions. He oucceoded with his " ghost." On the origin of this illusion Mr. Maekelyneo of Egyptian Hall fame, and than whom no better authority on subjects is living, was able to throw much light. " Pepper," said Mr. Mae kelyne, "really got his idea from walking one day down a passage in St. James's Hall, at the end of which was a mirror, and he saw himself reflected from adark background. In faot, to-day you can see "Pepper's Ghost," that is to say yourself, every. where. In a railway train, travelling at night, you can see your figure and face reflected outside, appar. ently in spaooe, or in a dark room with a strong light behind. It was, however, a young engineer named Dicke who first came to Popper with the idea in the workable form. The latter saw there was something in it, and took out a patent. The result was most successful, and Popper made a lot of money. Moreover, his euoe. oess gave a great impetus to the magic business. It brought in men of talent, man who could think and devise new - and original effects with mirrors. One of thsee was a man named Sylvester, also known ae the Fakir of Ooloo, who improved considerably on "Pepper's Ghost." Pepper had his mirror stand ing at an angle of 45 dog., and reflected from the wings, with the result that from certain parts of the house the figure did not always look straight. Sylvester got over this diffi onulty by inclining, the mirror which faced the audience to a more acute angle, and placing the person - to be reflected below the stage, in what was called the "oven," beauose it was al ways so hot down there, and the body was then reflected from behind by strong limelight. The Professor, who was also iden tified with another illusion called the Sphinx's table, a three-legged table worked with mirrors, much in the same way as the ghost business. Tobin, an assistant of Pepper's, was really the originator of the Sphinx table which was also shown 'in the Egyptian Hall by Colonel Stodaro, an American. Then there was also the Protean cabinet, with its centre post and the reflecting mirrors, which, when placed at a certain angle, gave the impression that the cabinet was empty, while all the time the per former was standing behind ready to step out and appear before the spec tators. " The cloverest thing however that Pepper ever did-and this was in con junction with a Mr. Walker, who was an organ builder-was what was called the ' Motompsyohoesi.' Here the glass, instead of being stationary, was mov able. Great care was taken to pro vent the edges of the mirror from being seen. The great thing was to move the mirror across the stage and enable a female performer to take the plooe of the man, or vice versa. At the time the idea was considered extremely novel, and was undoubtedly effective. Later on Pop. per went to Australia and posed as a rainmaker. You know fired shells up at the clouds in the hope of bring. ing down rain, though I think he only ahobieved suaoess when the clouds happened to be charged with moisture. On his return from Australia, Pepper, I believe, again took to lecturing." With regard to the latest form of illusions, Mr. Maskelyne, for obvious reasons, was unable to be explicit, though he submitted that without diagrams it was very diffi cult to adequately convey the idea of how an illusion is managed. "To day," he.continued," the work has be come far more complex. You may safely say it has entered the highest degrees of mechanics. The illunionst must be a student and have a profound knowledge of physics. You can't in. venout now illusions. It's no use sitting down and thinking tIem out. .It is not merely a question of needing an idea sand then working it out. You have to create the need, so to speak, and very often a oscheme is rendered impracticable owing to the nature of your surroundings. Moroover, he wants to be, if anything, a little ahead of the times, to be qaick enough to turn some novelty or dis covery to account before it beooomes known to the publio. As an instlance, Houdiu, the Freonoh conjuror, in the days when electricity was in its in fancy, made a tremendous hit with an electrical drum,'suspended in mid-air with the tappers inside. People aonmo and marvelled. It's no use doing that to-day. Everyone knows how it is done. So we have to give the drum with the tappers outside electrio sparks and everything. No, the diffi oulty to-day is not to deeoooire the publio, but the export, the man who knows the binineec and has studied it, It is not diffieult to decoeive the average audience, simply because sit ting comfortably, perhaps smoking, they don't trouble to find out. But it's not the same with the expert. He' knows the points of the business, and yet I flatter myself I have boon able to deeooive him as completely aso the less oeieutifio members of my audience." The late professor while in Australia was appointed public analyst to the mayor and corporation of Brisbane, Queensland, holding the appointment for many years. 