LITERARY NOTES FROM LONDON. (I'Vom our Special C-onv.-pomlerU.) I»nd--u, Sepif niber 14. 19UC. Haii-cr'-. flie -irtut American publishing lira, in die eighties presented Mr. Bernard ishaw vvitii an honorarium of £10 for «udi moral i-laini a* he could sire then ou lii.s umvl, 'C;u=hel Kyruu's Profession.' Last Xoveui'lxn-, llesw.-. Urouuino, of New Y«-rk. is.-ned a new edition of the novel: where upon Mr. ^tia.w i-ix-iK--ed to return io Messrs. Harper their £10 on t]ie jp'ouud that ilie luural daim ceajsed Ur l-e-«if any value when Urenuino's edition was on iiic markei. Messrs. Harper Jield that, they had. uu rigliL u- tl»e £10; Mr. Shaw- insisted tliat lie liimself had no right to h; ami so final ]f it was ha-nded over to the American Copyright League! 3tfr. Shaw ilias not only insisted on disbursing the money — he lia* also expounded his views. '1 entirely dis agree,' be writer, 'with the idea* of 20 jiears ago as to tie 'piratical' nature of American republksuionx ot non-copyriglit. boots. LnJikc most autliors, I am enough of an- economist to know that, uniess an American publisher acquires copyriglit he can no store make a profit at my expense than he can at Shakespeare's by republifii ing 'Uauilet.' The English, when' tased for ?the support of the author by a price vhieiv includes royalties whilst tlie Ame rican, nation escapes that burden, may iiave a grievance agamhi the Ameiicou nation; but that is a very different matter from a grievance against the American publisher.' Mr. Shaw thought the principle involved worth affirming by an ringlisli aoiilior in the only way which wiU convey any solio. impression ot° his being in earnest, namely, \rfien he stands to lose by it. If Mr. iShaAV i':iid by lieoue, the English .Society of Au. ;.is diould beg £ne cancelleJ cheque for exhibition. The greatest tribute one can pay to the late Sir James Nicholas, whose life has just been put forth by Mr. Thomas Wil liams, who worked with him 30 years, is to allow that he was worthy to build light houses. As engineer-in-chief to tue Trimly House, Sir James designed several, in cluding that on the middle reef of the Kddystone rocks, which succeeded &mea;&-n's famous structure on a reef lying west of it. 'Mr. Williams tells an amusing story in this connection, rimeaton, as the reader is perhaps aware, built a lighthouse also on the Hoe. 'Ah!'' said a vwitor to a PlymoutJiian, on seeing this, 'what a handsome lighthouse you nave!' 'Yc*,' replied the other: 'that is Smeaton's famous tower which formerly stood on the Eddystoue. It unfortunately got blown down in a storm, but was recovered from the sea and erected here as a curiosity.' Sir James'a son, W. I'- Douglass, uad an extraordinary escape during tiie building of the new Eddvstone. 'He had taken down Smeaton's tower to the level of the lan tern gallery,' and was operating with some weight-removing machinery, when, wrote his father, he 'was struck 'by one of the legs (of the 'shears'), and flung several feet in the air, and thenee fell about 70 ft., as it was thought at the moment on to the rocks below, but, most providentially, a wave rose over the rocks at the very mo ment, and he fell on to it, when fortunately he recovered sufficient consciousness ami atnntTth *j\ atj-iVe out and swim ashore.' One of the weirdest incidents in connection with lighthouses k told of the building on the Smalls rocks. In 1802 one of two keepers stationed there died, and the sur vivor, Thomas Howell, was through stress of weather, obliged to remain three weeks alone with the body, fearing that if he committed it to the sea he might be sus pected of foul play. HoweU 'gallantly kept the light burning every night, but wlien he once more communicated with cue outer world he was barely recognisable, so greatly had strain and suffering changed him. tor further particulars in, and stones of tins great Smeaton of the north, see his life just published. . Let anyone inclined to inform himself anent social China turn to the popular books of John Praser Kae. He lived in the Celestial Empire for years, and understands land and people from the beginning of life. 'Evil spirits/' he alleges, 'are supposed ta be particularly fond of boy babies. bo not infrequently girl names are given to tne boys in order to deceive these spirits, tach child in a family receives a milk or pet name. One man who has too many girls called the youngest oi tuese rs^u-Lzu, --- Ought-to-have4-een-a-boy. Besides the family name the Chinaman has a 'style name, which is given to him by his friends to describe his talents, &c.; For instance, my name in Chinese was Fu- la-su, which is as near an equivalent as can be got in Chinese for Fraser. The meanings of these three words are 'rich, impetuous, and learned,' which, I am sorry to say, only partly describes my qualifications. Fur ther, a Chinaman gets another name in his examinations, so that frequently he has three or four names. His friends writing to him sometimes put a name on the back of the envelope, known only to themselves and the receiver. Therefore a Chinese post man has plenty to do to find out for whom the letter really is.' 'A Friend of Caesar,' just out, is a Nero novel, sometime since published in America and fairly probable. It has naturally been written round 'Quo Yadis,'' and endeavors to stick to strict msLoneai trains, .succeed ing moderately. The binding is Imperial purple. There is a very readable 'Life Story of Rudyard Kipling' in the current 'Young Man^.' One day(we read), when Mr.Kipling was at work in his study in London, a gentleman opened the door. He had with him two schoolboys. Dialogue — 'Is this Budyard Kipling?' 'Yes.' 'Boys, this is Rudyard Kipling.' 'And is this where you write?' 'Yes.' 'Boys, this is where he writes.'' 'And before I had time to ask them to take a seat,' says Mr. Kipling, 'they were gone.' The fictional event of the autumn will be J. M. Barrie's 'Tommy and GrizeJ,' which is promised early. CasseU's also publish A. T. Quitter Couch's 'Old Fires and Profit able Ghosts.' A little boy came home one day, soon after the spring term of school had opened, with the following note, duly signed by the principal: — 'Dear Sir — It becomes my duty to inform you that your son shows decided indica tions of astigmatism, and his case b; one that should be attended to without delay. —Yours faithfully ? ' The father sent the following answer the next day: — 'Dear Sir— Whip it out of him.— Youra truly ? ' With the disappearance of Booksellers' Row, now in rapid cou-se of demolition, a fresh price for books will «l=o sppiig up. To go back to 31/6, as Mr. K. J{. Mai^ton ?suggests, would be ziady as insane a* con tinuing at 6/. Tha bet^r plan world pro babjy be a clearly i rinted .viavo 2( pa-ier in French, or 2/6 in German. The following is the holiday (or August) trade. I should have doubted the first; Allen; 'Robert Orange,' by John Oliver Hobbes, 6/ (Unwin); 'For Britain's Sol diers,' 6/ (Methuen), story by Kipling in it; 'Village Notes,' by Pamela Tonnant, 6/ (Heinemann); 'The Farringdons,' by K. T. Fowler, 6/ (Hutchison); 'China in Decay,' by Alexis Krausse, 6/ (Chapmaa and Hall); 'Overland to China,' by A. R. Colquhoun, 16/ (Harper); 'Pictorial Gar dening,' by Wright, l/« (Cassell); 'Voices of the Night,' by h\ A. tsioel, 6/ (Heinemann); Edna Lyall s works, S/6 edi tion (Hurst and Blackett); new edition similarly bound; 'The Seen and Unseen,' by Richard Marsh. 6/ (Methuen). Mr. H. C HacHwaine, author of 'Dinkiubar,' Ihas written a book for boys entitled 'The White Stone.' 'Literature' 'foots-it' alongside the 'Pail Mail Magazine's' accusation anent fearfully and wonderfully hatched plot* tc murder literary reputations. Especially 'Literatuie' relates an evil story of two gurtty critics: — ''The plot, which, we are told, was not only hatched, but succeeded, was against an eminent authority on a par ticular branch of folklore, on which there were only three recognised authorities — the two critics and their victim. This third authority had once been rude to tiie other two, and when his book came out they wrote seventeen reviews between them, each dismissing the book with good-natured indulgence in half a dozen lines. This* ap parent unanimity of tlio critics was accen ted as a conclusive verdict, and the book fell still-born from the press. So much for the 'expert' critic. The writer in ?Literature* had the story from the lips of one of the criminals, who accompanied his shameful confession with the flippant comment, 'It was a u ? a saame, lor ji. i-eauj «?» -i very good book.' Dr. Johnson once re marked to a young man that he had no conception tow poor a figure he cut when he told a certain story about himself. It is hard to clothe in conventional language a fitting comment upon the critic's confes sion.' The beautiful and chic American, Ger trude Atherton, came to the literarj- front wiuh 'the Doomswoman' in 1892. 5Jhe is now achieving a 'star' success with 'Senator Nbrtfi,' and meanwhile 'Patience trparhawt,' 'His Fortune Grace,' and 'A Daughter of the :Vine' have all done well. Mrs. ftartrude ArberUm In somewhat m-v-4 uietiwdri of work. Having decided on a plot, ^Ik- promptly takes traiit or boat, or l-oth, and buries 'herself. Sometimes it is in liushey thai she hidef. or it. may be Rouen that eonceafe her. Hut wnatever be the fortunate uwn, -«ine*l (die remain*, and nutliiuK in heaven or earth shall mow ner nn-iii her pases are ready for the printer. Then while dm compositors are busy slio has her tlinp, orders quantities of new frocks, which, slic declares, pve her more pleasure th;in any novel s-lic lia= written or reatl, and rushes \virh indomi table enerjrj- into society, ^he has even been known ro entertain I'riemls at -i literary ladies' club, and to have returned from the perilous, plat-e unharmed. Her greatest liero is certainly 'Mr. Rhode*, and she is as earnest in 'her study of Im perialism as Mr. Chamberlain. 