VERY SIGNIEICANT. (To the Editor of the Yass Courier). Dm. — Amongst the "Official Corres pondence " which Mr. Afileck publishes so profusely in the local newspapers free of cost, tlio following appeared ill your contemporary of Jul.y 20th. " A letter was acknowledged from Mr. Atlleck M.P. recommending the appointment of Mr. G. Harrison as an inspector under lite Crown Lands (Amendment) Act of 1899 " Now T presume- this is the same -Mr. G. Harrison who was one of Mr. Allleeks political opponents in 1898, and who as a Hartaman federalist, and a Vice President of the. old Yass Pro- tection League, helped to split the votes In view of many circumstances that lit tie paragraph in your eonU-.inponny struck me as significant indeed, and worthy of extended public attention I quite believe it is not Mr. Harrisons fault that the fact that. Mr. Allleok is hunting for a Government billet for 1 1 i 111 has become public, thepefuio 1 Iieartil3' sympathise with him in the peculiar use to which he is just now being put, like wise Mr. Alllcck's frantic desire, to let I lie electors, including Mr. Harrisons friends see what an active individual lie is, affords Us .some strange surprises. I Mill (» t 1 EYE OPENER, Yass, 30, 7/1900. Great Ctesr's Ghost ! poor wasted frame, Th.it once full vigour did po-sess CuiT boa man in else bill name, His cough has 1 .1 < ml 1 1 him such distress, The undertaker smiles to think Next winter's cold he'll not em lure, Oh ! ne'et r sat" die, but take a drink Ot \V. E Wood's Great Peppermint Cure. Tlli.'o.vr Arr;:e ree.'s and HoausUNUss. — All suffering Ir an irrilatiuii if the tlirniU ami hoiuKcuo.v; will lus agreeably surprised at tin; mii.se inline. link' relief ull'onleil by the use of Brown's J>n:nclii:i 1 Trodies." These fiunnus " lozenges" are now snlil by most respectable elieinist s in this count ry at Is ti l per box. People troubled with a "baching nugii" a "slight cold," or bronchial alicetions. ca.nr.ut try them too soon, as similar trouble:-, if adowcil to prioress, re-ull 111 serious Puliecintry and Asthmatic ;i ll'cet inn.-. Si e that tlio Words 1 frown's I '.romdi ia t Troches" aro on the liovornuienl. Stump around cadi box. — Prepared by John I. Brown it Saas, boston, U.. Ktu'opeiui lb p. it, it-'!. I' arringiton ttoad, Loudon, England. Foi: Tnihoksti. v, Hie Bust Rk.muiiy is uniiui'utkiu.y norton's (jamo.mii.k i'ii.i.s Time can coiili 1 1 - 1 1 1 ly be ri-emuir.endud xu being Uiibl in op ov.i noiH ami ab olulely free from injurious diu.;p acting at one.' as a splendid tonic a guide aperient. For nearly leu years they have proved Us- Ki,h-a'i.i.i:i f"r imligo.stimi, Dyspepsia, Sick Headache ami lor "the E ver ami stonnmh complaint4. Sold in bottles Is lid, lis tld ami lis, by all .M'o.licinn Vendors thionglmut the world.' A. simile, safe anil ceitain ri im-ily. 