Melbourne $!>om. The much-aBused, sorely-misunderstood Norwegian pioneer, Ibsen, had a great audience for Hedda Gabler, one of his later social dramas, at Her Majesty's on Friday afternoon. The audience was great in numbers at least, but certainly a more bewildered and perplexed audience never sat through a performance in a Melbourne theatre. Quite two-thirds of the patrons were women in matinee hats. The matinee hats do not imply any particular lack of capacity in the wearers, but they do imply a limited outlook in the remaining third of the audience. An assemblage of women is a bad market for an Ibsen play. Henrik does not write for the multitude; he writes for the chosen few, the brightest minds, and makes absolutely no concession to intellects less alert. Not many men understand him, and ladies are hopelessly befogged in the strange atmosphere of his philosophy. Ibsen's voice is that of one crying in the wilderness, foretelling a new era—an era that may never be—and to appreciate him you must take to the study of his work an active mind void of prejudices, and a keen sympathy based on a conviction of the utter folly of most of our accepted ideals. It was not to be expected that Melbourne could fill a theatre with such people, and, consequently, an exceedingly clever and well-thought-out performance of Hedda Gabler left a large proportion of the visitors in an intellectual maze. Miss Nance O'Neil's Hedda is her finest performance since Magda—in fact, the two may be bracketed; they are equal in merit as keenly analytical interpretations of two powerful studies of feminine character, and speak as eloquently for the brainy grasp of the lady as for her high qualities as an artist. Hedda, the victim of a social condition that leaves a naturally strong woman empty-souled and void of living interest after the usual gaieties of girlhood have been exhausted, finds herself at 28. utterly bored, utterly resourceless; she has no capacity for the ordinary ioys of women of her class, and lacks courage to be openly,evil, although it is to evil that her mind turns naturally for excitement since, all the resources of conventional morality and respectable society have failed to satisfy her needs. She must have something to save her from the horrible ennui that stifles her. At first she thinks of interfering with her husband's dull, peaceful pursuits and dragging him into the uncongenial whirl o£ politics, but an old lover appearing, she decides to dip into his life. To have "her fingers in a man's destiny/' to lead him into some frantic vice, that is her brutal ambition. How she succeeds is the story of the play. Miss O'Neil's Magda was accurate, strong, incisive. Certainly this is her force. To the average actress Ibsen is simply impossible; being misunderstood lie is played on accepted lines, and liis whole scheme of things is wrecked beyond human comprehension, but to the student of Ibsen a performance such as this of Miss O'Neil's is an illumination, and with the quickening growth of Ibsenism in England she should find there eventually a splendid field for her peculiar talent. Mr. Plimmer's Brack was exceedingly good, the Eilert Lovborg of Mr. Kingston bad. Mr. Crane did fairly well as Tesman, but the peculiar weakness of a man of Tesman's stamp is hardly possible to this gentleman. I liked Miss Tliyne's Mrs. Elvsted. I wonder if it would be possible to persuade Miss O'Neil to give us another Ibsen matinee before she leaves Melbourne—"Ghosts" for preference. This play would cause a stir amongst the'dull upholders of accepted stupidities. If not Ghosts, The Lady from the. Sea might be given as the play easiest of comprehension by tlie Philistines. Peg Woffington, the new name for Tom Taylor and \Jhas. Reade's very mixed Masks and Faces, was staged at Her Majesty's on Saturday last, and runs till Saturday next, when Bernhardt^ Fedora will give us Miss O'Neil in another emotional part. Masks and Faces is something of a classic,. and, like many classics, combines the very good and the very bad in a hash that is sometimes rather aggravating to the critical idea. The trick of deceiving a roomful of people with a living face thrust into a torn picture would not be forgiven in any playwright to-day, and it is one of the advantages of being a classic that you are permitted to humbug people so easily. From Hedda Gabler to Peg Woffington is a tremendous l°ap, but Miss O'Neil clears the gap gracefully, and her Peg is a winsome devil of an Irishwoman with a bright and roving eye, a tongue like a fine and flashing sword, and a great soft heart hidden away from gay comrades, and brought to light only amongst the unfortunate. This is no, Peg to hang a sermon on; Woffington is a passing incident, but a merry one, and compounds the opinion that the American cannot act comedy. I find her mote at home in plays voicing the new ^jnrit," but admire her comedy none the less. • In the scene in the third act when Peg provides a diijner for tlie^ Triplets, this particular Peg was excellent, full of vivacity and generous humor. Harry Plimmer played Ernest Yane satisfactorily, Miss Barton was a sweetly ingenuous Mabel Vane, and the two children who impersonated Triplet's hungry family were well schooled and intelligent. George Beck's picture of Colley Cibber was appreciated, but on Saturday night Mr. Kingston as Sir Chas. Pomander was again an obtrusively weak element. That well-worked gob of sorrow. The World Against Her, is now the intellectual fare provided at the Royal. People who haven't brains enough to be interested in plays that concern themselves with the great ideas of the day or the morrow, contend that the 'mission of the stage is to edify, and are delighted with a play like The World Against Her, which is one long snuffle. The popular parts of the Royal were crowded on Saturday night, and it was Mis6 Eugenie Duggan whom the world was against on this occasion. The distresses of Madge Carlton are many and various, but like those of most 'melodramatic heroines, quite unconvincing to the person who has passed from his or her period of intellectual sops and pap. Miss Eugenie Duggan is intensely miserable through- out six acts and thirteen scenes in a long black cloak. The melodramatic heroine never expects Jier sorrows to be taken seriously unless she wears a long black cloak such as is reserved for niidwives in real life. Bert Bailey is rather an amusing feature as the manager of Punch and Judy show, and is quite luminous in the prevailing gloom. H. O. Willard is the usual villain, and R. Inman the usual hero, both in the usual way. Things are so usual in this class of melodrama that it has become almost as monotonous as a variety entertainment. Things are in a transitory condition at the Princess. The Manoeuvres of Jane have ceased to "manoeuvre"'if the management has stood loyally to its advt., and The Gay Lord Quex has been revived for a short spell. The Gay Lord was due on Wednesday night, aad as the flighty aristocrat has established an Australian reputation, further comment is uncalled for here. Ou Saturday night next the latest comedy by Australia's own Haddon Chambers will be presented. The Tyranny of Tears liad miles of good notices in London, and lias made profits for managers a; many places^ I hope Melbourne wi 1 ' not break the run of luck. STAKGAZER. 