...;; ????'???. . , ? ---©- — ? - ? CltfTERION— HARRY RICKARDS' : --'?' . COMPANY. The change of bill submitted last night was' thoroughly appreciated by the usual crowded house. The 'star' turn, of course, was that of Ludwig Amann, whose facial impersonation's of 'Celebrities— Past and Present' was accorded a hearty demonstra tion of approval. Spry and Austin, who en tered upon ' their last week, revived, with success, their amusing skit, 'Rustic Re vels,' while, the Macarte Sisters, who close ?their engagement on Friday, were in as great demand as ever- Among the many other favorites who also assisted were tha Mintpns, Miss Neva Carr-Glynn, Miss Frances Adi or, Mr. Chas..W. Cogill, Little Fannie Powers, Mr. Tod Callaway, Mr. E(. H. Castbn, and Miss Florrie Ranger. Ma tinees will be given on Wednesday and Saturday afternoons. ,# » ' * ? HER MAJESTY'S— 'YOUTH.' The final, production of 'Youth,' which Is excellently staged and played, will be given on Friday nig&t;, and the last ma tinee will take place on Wednesday after noon. . Next Saturday evening Miss Nance O'Neil will make her first appearance at this house in the version of 'Camille' as played by Madame Sarah Bernhardt. ? The star will be supported by a specially-selected company. ? .. * .. . *. . * « ?PALACE— 'LADY DOLLY.'' At the Palace Theatre last night,' before a large and cordial audience, the Sydney Liedertaf el. produced; for the first time,, a new romantic opera, in two acts, music by Alfred Hill, libretto by Marjory Browne, titled 'Lady Dolly.' Without question every chance was given the new work, making allowance for the fact that the pro duction may be classed as essentially an. amateur one. ? The mounting and dressing were elaborate; there was a full operatic chorus, and an .orchestra with Mr. J. H. Merriman as leader, the composer of the music himself conducting. The dances and ballet were under the 'personal supervision of Mrs. Warskitt- Allan, whilst Mr. Cecil Laurence saw to the stage management. Before offering any comment on the character of the music, or the quality of the acting, let us give a synopsis of the plot. . Deancliffe is 'en fete.' The country gentle folk, have assembled at the Chase to wel come .Miss Beryl Brooklyn, the fair Ameri can fiancee of the Duke of Deancliffe. There is a ghost legend attached to the old mansion, and the Duke's Bister,. Lady Dolly, . alarms Beryl by relating it. The ghost ia known as the Lady Lucretia, and her 'por- trait hangs above the Grand Stairs, where on she was murdered by her cousin — one of the Dukes of Deaneliffe^-a ? century ago, and which she is supposed to haunt. Her dying curse was to the effect that every Duke of Deancliffe should die -within three years of his marriage, and one year before his death he should receive a warning — in the fall of Lady Lucretia'-s picture.' This happens on the day Beryl arrives at the Chase, and Juan Castello — a villainous artist who possesses the power of hypnotism — which he uses to win Lady Dolly from her sailor lover, ' tells' Beryl of the warning to repay her for obtaining his dismissal. Beryl, however, is urged by her love for Darrent to lay the ghost for ever and avert the curse, with which intention she waits on the Grand Stairs at midnight. At that hour Lady Dolly, under hypnotic influence, descends the Stairs, and as she closely re sembles the portrait of Lady Lucretia, Beryl believes her to be the ghost, and de livers to her the invocation. Lady Dolly awakes from her trance. Castello is foiled, his evil intent towards Dolly frustrated, and all ends happily. Now as to the music. Mr. Alfred Hill may be credited with having supplied to an insatiable public a distinct novelty. Al though the plot is scarcely one in which 'to weave melody galore,' he. has attacked it in such masterly fashion as to compel ad miration from the 'cognoscenti.' It is quite impossible in a short notice to do due justice to 'Lady Dolly,' and we must be forgiven if we state briefly who contri buted to the success of the opera; The work done...by'Mi\ B..ea'ttie as Juan Casteilo waa excellent, _j\'4ilg,VMiss Hetty HplT royd proved . a .veritable power of strength' as '.Beryl.'.' 'Miss Bertha Gald well played Lady Dolly so well as to gain great applause, and the same may be said of, Penelope (Miss Mabel Hast ings), Dame Datchett (Miss Amy Creer), whose eccentric datce — with the piccolo and bassoon accompaniment— was twice en cored, Mr. Burns-Walker, who appeared as Lieutenant Jack Fci-est, and Mr. W. D. Laughlin, who was quite up to date as Timothy Tate. Both chorus and orchestra were very good, and the dances, under the direction of ivirs. 'Warskitt- Allan, were a big success. The production— wnich was a 'very big order' rof amateurs— may be described as a novelty that was duly ap preciated by a very large audience. THE BROUGH COMEDY COMPANY. Mr. and Mrs. Brough and the members of the Brough Comedy ? Company arrived in Sydney from New Zealand on Friday night, and, as already announced, will commence their short season at the Theatre Royal to morrow (Monday) night, when Louis N. Parker's four-act comedy, 'The Happy Life,' will be produced for the first time in this city. 'The Happy Life' was first pro duced at the Duke of York's Theatre, London, when Clement Scott wrote of it: — 'The old year closes in with the brilliant success of one of its most charming and sympathetic plays. There was an earnest ring about its reception last night that could scarcely be mistaken. Mr. Louis N. Parker has much sincerity, and. not a trace of aff potation. His nnlv mission is tn fiirr deep in the flower bed !of Nature, and he evidently desires to keep the stage fresh and bright, and comely and sweet. His views, of life are wholesome and pure, ana he possesses that great gift indescribable in good plays and1 good women — charm. 'The Happy Life' is a kind of day dream— fantas- tic,' pretty, and delightfully written. It is full of varied character, and. is a most in teresting work.' Mr. and Mrs. Brough arid the full strength of the company will ap pear5 in the production. It is satisfactory to know that the booking for the return of the Broughs is extremely large! The first matinee will be given on Thursday next, commencing at 2 p.m. ???'??? ? ? « THE CYCLORAMA. At' this ever-popular resort the picture of Ancient Jerusalem and 'the Hall of Illu sions'' continue very strong 'draws,' while the numerous side shows and musical pro grammes, submitted at intervals also meet with much favor. ? * * * PUBLIC SCHOOLS' PATRIOTISM. The public schools' patriotic concert takes place, in the Town Hall on next Wed nesday; night. Careful selection has been made among many thousands of ambitious young ;.¥ocaiists, but as the stage capacity of the building is comparatively limited, the chorus will consist of one thousand of the school gingers. This is an immense choir, and as efficient instrumental assistance is essential, the services of Mr. Arthur Mason at the great organ, and the Royal Austra lian Artillery Band will be fully utilised. The cantata, which forms the chief attrac tion, has been specially composed by Herr Alpen, and 'Che music, judging by last ?week's combined rehearsals, is likely, to prove irispirrting and .popular. T'he final rehearsal will be held at the Town Hall on Tuesday morning, when admission will be confined to performers and their teachers. Nance O'Neill Compuny. Our Newcastle correspondent wired last night: — Nance O'Neil produced ''Magcla' 'at the Victoria Theatre ?to^nigh't, the' building, being crowded in. all parts. ' At the close of each act the principals were 'recalled. The season promises *o be a hlgihly success ful one. * * * ? Mr. M*Adoo's Companies. Mr. M'Adoo's Jubilee' Singers concluded ?their Newcastle season on Friday night, and open at Hobart to-morrow ' week. .' The Georgia Minstrels amd Alabama Cake Walkers, who were at Toowoomba last night, will open at the Palace on Saturday ?week, when Madame Cordelia, a soprano, will make her firs,t appearance here. . * * * * A Chat With Air. Williamson. Mr. J. C. Williamson, in the course of a cba/t yesterday afternoon, gave particulars of his future 'intentions. ? 'The dram-atic com.pamy at present ap pearing at Her Majesty's,' he said, 'will next visit Perth. They will leave here next Sunday and go to Adelaide overland, catch ing the mailboat there fox the Westraldan capital, where they will open for Easter. They will :take an extensive repertoire with them. 'The Nance O'Neil company will return here next Saturday night for a season, but I cannot say where they will subsequently visit. Nothing definite has been decided upon. 'The pantomime . company at present doing excellent business in Melbourne goes to Adelaide for Easter, and after a season ?there the comic opera company will be re organised. It will include Mr. Charles Ken ningham (at present on his way out again) , Mr. Wallace .Brownlow, Mr. George Lauri, Miss Dorothy Vane, Miss Carrie Moore, Mr. Harry Shine, Mr. Pat Bathurst, and other old favorites. After finishing in Adelaide the company will come here for a season, during which, in addition to some of the most popular pieces in its repertoire, it will produce several new pieces for the first time in Australia. 'The Rose of Persia' will bo the first of these, and will be done aa spon as the dresses arrive from London.' * ? . * » Mr. Alfred Dampier concluded his season at the Melbourne Alexandra' on Friday night. The popular actor-manager will open here at the Criterion on Saturday week. Mr. John F. Sheridan Is doing good busi ness at the Melbourne Royal with 'When the Lamps are Lighted.' Miss Irene FrankKng, the latest addition to Mr. Harry RickaTds' company at the Melbourne Bijou, is highly spoken of by 'the local 1t€ss. ? ? . . ? At tLe Melbourne Princess' 'Little Red Riding Hood' is in its last nights. Miss Elsie Golding has joined the Jones and Lawrence company at the Cremorne Gardens, Perth. ? Adelaide theatrically is deserted. Mr. William Anderson's Dramatic Com pany produced . 'Two Little - Drummer Boys,' a domestic drama by Walter Howaid, for the first time in Australia at the Brisbane Opera House last night. Miss Beryl Faber is appearing in 'Mrs. Jordan,' a one-act play, at the London Royalty. The piece is described as 'a pre lude' to 'Magda,' which forms the chief attraction at the same house. Countess Russell is -appearing at the London Tivo'li-— her first vaudeville appear ance. ? Mr. Edwin G-each, who recently cabled to Mr. Winston Churchill offering him an en gagement to visit Australia on a lecturing tour, received the following letter from the distinguished war- correspondent by the la test mail: — 'Yours duly to hand. I do not eon'tempiate visitingAustralia to lecture but I shall be glad to hear from you further on the subject. I (hate sea voyages. I am obliged to you for your congratulations.' The latest London 'Topical Times' says that Mrs.' Maesmore Morris has proved, a most admirably ?'?substitute tor Miss. Fay Davis as ^the''$ueeh 'ih 'Rupert of Hent zau'V-.during thei-illness- -at-thaC actress. ' '''; The New York correspondent of a Lon don paper states that Mr. Nat Qoodwin and Maxine Elliott have both scored in a suc cessful production of H. V. Esmond's play written specially for them, and entitled, 'When We Were Twenty-one.' 'Florodora,' which will be produced here when Mr. William-son reorganises the comic, opera company, recently celebrated its hundredth performance at the London Lyric. . Miss Ada Re.eve, alter 'her panto, engagement, Iras resumed her old part. Mr, Haddon Chambers, according to a London daily paper, has written a new play for Mr. Wyndham, called 'The Faithless.' Mr. Wilson Barrett celebrated his 54th blr.thday just prior to the departure of the latest mail. The author of 'The Sign of the Cross' is certainly, a young-looking man for his years. The 'Pelican' says that the 'Messenger Boy,' at the London Gaiety, is likely to prove just as successful as was anticipated. Seats are nightly at a premium, and the advance booking phenomenal. The St. George District Band (Mr. J. Devlin, conductor), will play a programme of music in 'the Kogarah Park this after noon, at 3 o'clock, in aid of the Patriotic fund. The. Brough Comedy Company contri buted close upon £7,00 towards the N.Z. War. Fund by their matinee performances in Dunedin, Auckland, and Wellington. The matinee in the last- named- town- amounted to £200. . : '...-? The Brough season at the Royal will be strictly limited to nine weeks, during which a rapid change of programme will be the policy of the management. ? ' The Paul Martinetti ? troupe of panto mimisis, wno win De tne cniei attraction at the new Tivoli.when it is re- opened, on Thursday week, will arrive here on Friday. Ludwig Amann made a big. hit at the Criterion last night irith an impersonation of the late General Jouber-t. An amusing story is told in an English exchange of a certain London' actor and his dresser. The dresser is an old soldier,' and' one' night' he was describing, in glowing terms, one of the big battles in which he had- taken part. 'And what,' asked the actor, 'struck yov most when it was all over?' 'What s^uck me most forcible, sir,'-' replied the veteran, 'was the bullets that missed me !' 