immmBBmmM [?] ? JM^W-iJlji^ptiqni6tlythot ehe^soaped to ^^Ka^ane^iTWp jjtojoontrived tol ii ft^H#M%r' foliage would not .now V WWmm0^:Ji!-& ^^unnecessary' |4 -p^^b#« manage -was apt to bediB. ?' K^^^MWjctwelyeinotithauiihiBCTaTe. . K SsS^:W$la n'*'9 or less «m't matter to ;_:«ftfW*Saito aper,4he -doctor's wife, jr:.J|i|jpjeople with emileB or with pifcy.ac JJjjpS^ to.Jfceir.nalnires, . accepted thk flSttew of the matter. W^SbB mouths went by monotonously, and things remained in just the same nay. Willie had never spoken of marriage, and was'hever likely to tuw. And Jane aged rapidly. She grew very tbin as time went ; on, and quite, lost the Boft roundness t . whichhad helped to keep her figure young. y , Many people had remarked on how thin ? ; she was growing before the fact was borne riaon those who saw her every day. When ; Willie discovered it at last, she made light , of it. \- ' X am growing old, Willie,' she eaid; 'I ?%Bhall be an old bag of bones presently. We all made tbin old women in our 'family. You remember Annt Maggie, Holly}' IshaU be just likelier. But the: thin ones are the strongest, after all,1 , She used to make a jest of her leanness after that, drawing attention to the bird's clawV her fingers were becoming and to her thin wriBts, with a nervous laughter which for a time deceived herself. She ?fought hard against her bodily weakness, and would let none of her duties fall on her sister, however tired the evening might find her. At hist Willie Maturin's slow eyes were opened. He had come in one evening, to find her asleep in Jier chair. Something in the worn face and quiet attitude terrified him. For a moment he stooped to listen for her breathing. Then, without waking her, he ? went out to Mary In the Kitchen. His whole aspect had changed. An immense fear had filled him with an energy strange to his nature. He had closed the parlour door vary gently, but he burst in on Mary . wild and excited. ' What has come over Janie ?' ho cried. ' She is asleep in her chair and looks like a dead woman.' ?Oh, Willie, don't speak of such a thing. It ia only that she has been run down lately. She will pick up when the spring cornea.' ' Dreadf id, dreadful !' he cried, walking ?up and down. ' It looks to me, Mary, as if we had gone near losing her. Oh, how blind and dull I have been !' ' We will send for Dr. Piper.' ' .Piper is no g»od. I will drive over myself in the morning and fetch Dr. Had don from Normanstowe. She must have the best advice money can procure.' ' We mustn't frighten her, Willie.' The man stood stiU and stared at her. Big drops of sweat were on his forehead, and his disordered hair stood up. 'You look like a ghost, Willie. You mustn't loot like that when she sees you, or she will suspect something amiss.' 'I shall not frighten her, I promise you. How long is it since she began to grow ill P I ought to know— but, pray God for give me ! ? 1 never saw it fully till to night.' ' She was strong enough up to the time of poor father's death, and for a while afterwards, I remember now one night she talked strangely— said she was tired of lite, and wanted to get away somewhere. Soon after that I noticed she didn't seem eo briBk.' ' I thought she was always happy. God forgive me for not taking better care of her !' When Jane Archibald woke up it was to find Willie beside her, watching her. She did not notice the disturbance in his gwuwt' wuu £UMA WimoU W 1UUL XU4 O'J' thing more than the placid affection which had been theirs so many years. He insisted oil fetching hex tea to her, and performing many affectionate offices for her,' all ot which she accepted with languid content. After tea, when Mary bod left them to gether, he broke to her his project of get ting .Dr. Haddon to her. She did not aeem at all alarmed. 'I am .not very well,' she said, 'and if it pleases you to have a doctor, I shall not mind. Not that I think he will do me any good. It is only that I am getting old and lazy. But why an expensive doctor like Dr. Haddon? Dr. Piper would do quite well.' ' Piper is a fool, and you are too precious to be in his hands. Every hair of your How many years had gone by since he had spoken such words ! As they fell on . her ears Jane Archibald blushed like any girl, and for an instant she looked well and bappy. \- You are too good to me, Willie,' she Bftid, putting her thin hand into his. That evening his tenderness was a de light to her. She was ready to blesB the ilmees which had reawaked it, and she looked quite bright to receive Dr. Haddon next morning. The distinguished specialist seemed interested in his new patient. After the professional .part of his visit had been paid, lie talked with her for quite a long time, considering how valuable a com modity time was to him, All through he watched her keenly from under his bushy eyebrows out of the brighest eyes. He asked her many questions about her way of life. ' Aud Mr. Maturin,' he said at last, 'the gentleman who came for me? He is a . near relative, I suppose ?' Jane Archibald blushed, ? 1 oin engaged to him,' she answered. 'Oli, indeed! You are. to be married eooni*. ' I do. not know ; there is nothing settled,' she faltered, and then she looked down at her lingers, that trembled in her lap. The doctor said no more, and booh after wards took hia leave. 'A'iiere is nothing organically wrong witti tier,' he said to Willie Maturin and Mary, who were anxiously awaiting his verdict, ' but there is extreme weaknesB. She presents the symptoms of a person wno uas been slowly starved; she wants an immense deal of building up and strengthening, or she will go into con sumption. 'Abut losing flesh is really a serious matter; but, as 1 nave said, tnere is bo organic mischiet as yet, only extreme ' anminin ionics and good food, these will work wonders.' Willie Maturin went with him to hie carriage. As the doctor stood with his toot on the step, a sudden thought seemed to strike him. ' Drive oil, Jenkins,' he said to his coachman, ? and wait for me outside the gate. 1 will walk down.' ' lou will walk with ma, Mr. Maturin ?' lie bald, turning to his companion. Tttey walked in alienee for a minute or two, enjoying the bright sunshine of the winter uay; then, -.when the carnage had rounded a bend in the road, Dr. Haddon suddenly stopped and taxied Willie Maturin. ' You will forgive me,' he said, putting bis hand on the other man's shoulder .kindly, ? if X aslc you a question. I gather tuac you ore Miss Archibald'r lover. How long nave you been engaged to her?' 'SrtW^JAXhviWm&V; « merer thought of any after woman.' - ? Affld wieh*» jou to be masrlBaJ' ?11ie»e is nothing nottled.' ' There -te nothing settlea! My good Birp do you think time lasts for ever P Do you think there are no such things as age and death; I'm afraid yon are a cold ?aortoE iover.' -.;.?' . 5The other man looked at him blankly. ? f 1 tras .not so oncB. Her father forbade our marriage, and she 'accepted her ihei-'s will. Afterwards, as the years passed, I grew reconciled to if ' ' 'And would have 'been reconciled to it tili the end, eh? 1 am glad we have bad this conversation, I can nqw better understand my pataenf e illness.' ? What do you mean ?' '1 thought it -wasthft mind. We doctors' can do little with ?Hie body when the mind is ill at fase. Mute Jier marry you at once, and take her away; it is her only chance, poor thing.' ? She is not going to die ?' ' If she goes on as she is going, she will not be alive this day twelvemonths ; but I believe happiness will save her.' 'Thauk you, doctor; I will follow your advice. I dare not think of the conse quences if I fail.' 'I don't think you will fail. I will come again on Thursday, and shall expect to find things much better. Good-morning, Mr Maturin.' ?Good-morning, doctor. WisTi me God speed.' ' I do, Mr. Maturin.' He went back to the room where Jane Archibald . sat in a big chintz-covered chair by the fire. Something patient in her look smote bin intolerably as he came in. He leant over her and put his cheek to hern. ' How delightfully frosty you are !? she said. ' It makes mo want to get out.' 'That is a good sign, Janie; you have been moping of late.' ' I have, but I feel better to-day. It mokes me happy to think that you care so much.' ' Didn't you know I cared, Janie ?' She said nothing, and he knelt down and put his head on her knee. ' You remember the grey silk dress you wore one evening soon after your father died, Janie ?' 'Yes, dear.' ?It would not be too oo!d for yon to wear in a carriage, supposing you were warmly wrapped up.' ? I suppose not, dear. But what are you thinking about ?' ' About our marriage, Janie, Do yon think I am going to wait for ever? I shall not wait a day or an hour longer than I can help. I am going to marry you and take you away at once to some warm place where you will get strong.' 1 Oh, Willie,' 6aid the woman, with her faded prettiness suddenly blossoming like a rose : ' but there will be so much to be ? There is this to be done. As soon, as I can tear myself away from you, my sweet, I am riding to Normanstowe for a license. Brown Bess is at the door saddled for me. I shall wait for nothing — nothing. And I have a fancy for your wearing the grey siltt dreBS when we ate married. Will you ^ ? Yes, go,' she said, making with her hands as if she would hare lifted him up. She looked herself as if she were filled with a new life. He came back in the late afternoon with the license and her wedding ring. He brought in with him a big parcel from a draper's shop, which, being opened, Droved to contain a beautiful cloak of grey velvet, fur-trimmed and warmly lined. He laughed at her remonstrances about hie extravagance. ' The money has somehow gathered dur ing those years,' ho said, 'I can quite afford to give my wife anything in reason, and things will not suffer in my absence. I havo arranged with Beaman about the winter work, and I have every confidence that things will go on well till the spring brings us iiome.* Dr. Haddon only saw his patient once more, and was eminently satisfied with the change in hur. Before the gossips had wakened up to what was going on the old loverd were married and gone. Those who caught a glimpse of the bride said she looked quite young and handsome, though extremely delicate, in her grey velvet cloak aud little grey boanet. Her hus band, at all events, saw no fault in her, nor she in him Some weeks later they were sitting to gether on the edge of the Mediterranean under a blue sky and a bright sun. Mrs. Maturin was now in no danger of going into consumption. She was picking up flesh rapidly, and her skin had grown quite firm and her eyes bright in the weeks that had elapsed since her marriage. ' Dr. Haddon said I was like a person who had been starved,' she remarked sud denly. ' So I was, I was starving for hap piness, and should hare died ot the star vation very soon.' ' Can I ever forgive myselff her husband eaid, leaning over to kiss'her as romantic ally as a boy. ' My poor Willie !' she answered, turning eyes full of trust to him. 'You have much to forgive me too. To think of the years we have lost ! You should have had your children growing up about you by this time.' 'I would rather have you, my dear, than seven'tall sons,' he made answer. 