Tuesday's News. London, Monday. A detachment of Boers, with four guris, surrounded Railhead, near Heidleberg, 25 miles from Johannesburg, on the Transvaal-Natal railway, on Saturday, and determinedly attacked the British guarding the position. A detachment of Dublin Fusiliers, Engineers, and Imperial Yeomanry repulsed the attack of the enemy. - Wyalong Railway. — The sectional com mittee were met here by tbo Mayor and members of the councils on 'Saturday morn ing, but. they declined to hoar any statements as to the question before them, saying it was settled, except that thoy wished to see the country for themselves. They proceeded to Temora, Barmedman, and 'Wyalong, thenco to return to Sydney via the Bland, Grenfell, &c.; Bimjaeds.— At the court oh'Monday, Mr. W. Clarke, P.M., granted* a^-rCward of the billiard license'to Mr. G: Ar 'Prosser's Rail way Jtiotoi ; ana it will be seen, -by an adver tisement that Ml*. James Taylor intends to devoto the whole of his billiard, proceeds on Hospital Saturday (4th' of August) to the benefit of the fund, to be collected that day. Who's next ? filjp'Mr. F. M. Robinson, 'writing from Dubbo, says : — ' I contracted a severe attack of Sandy Blight when shearing at Dubbo, and tried many lotions made up by chemists in various towns, but the pain became worse rendering it impossible to sleep. Eventually I had ' the good fortune to try Rose's Celebrated Eye Lotion, when the inflammation quickly subsided, and a fewj applications removed all pain, my eyes getting quite will again*' Sold by all Chemists r and Store keepers throughout the colony. Sir . William Lyne, referring to' a Federal Arrangements Bill being brought- forward in the Victorian Parliament, says he does not acknowledge that Victoria has all the claims to the positions in the federal service. If the politicians there think so, they will soon find out to the contrary. The matter is one for the federal Ministry to decide arid not for any State Government o. deal; with. Great Coesar's Ghost ! poor wasted frame. That once full vigour did possess, ? Can't be a man in else but name, His cough has brought him such distress. rnu„ ? . Next winter's cold he'll not endure, Oh ! ne'er say die, but take a drink Of Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. Valubable Discovery for the hair— If your hair is turning grey or white, or- falling off, use ' The Mexv cin Hair ilenewer,' for it will positively restore in every case Grey. or White hair to its original colour ?without leavingthe disagreeable Emell of most 'Re- storers.' It. makes the hair charmingly beantifuly as -well as promoting th.es growth of the hair on bald spots, where the glands are not decayed. Ask your Chemist for 'The MexicanHair Ilenewer.' sold by all Chemists and perfumers verywhere at 3s 6d per Bottl'. Wholesale depot, 33- Farringdon Road London, Eugland. It is feared that the size of the proposed Victorian Federal electorates will make it im possible for any but wealthy men to contest them. & t ? . ? ..sy. . ? ? . 