Steyn's Volksraad. Kaid Membebs on Neutbais. (From Standard and Diggers' Neat, April 3.) At Kroonstad on April 2, speaking to his address in the Eaad, his Honor the Presi dent said although Bloomfontein had been takon he hoped it would not be for long. He aBked the Eaad to confirm his aotion in proclaiming iiroonstad a temporary capital. This was agreed to. The President gave the history of the beginning of the war. ? Of one ' thing he was glad — that the troops were in.posses aion of Bloemfontein. They were now in possession of books and documents, and would be ablo to see for themselves whether there was ' any plan to undermine English prestige. The great Power of England waB at war. with two small Republics, and we would fight our righteous and just battle to the end. England tried to show there was collusion between the two He publics against England; that was falso. We were no cowards, and had to defend our country, which had been dearly bought by our forefathers. We knew we were not strong enough ourselves, but wo hadfull faith in God, who would suppott us in our just cause ; and we have not been disappointed.' To- day, although Cronje had surrendered and Bloemfontein was in- possession of the English, we were in a better position than at the commence-' ment of the war. Stormberg, Magersfon tein, Colenso and Spionkop would be remembered and honored by our children as ' great victories over Ja mighty power. Wo were fighting for right and freedom, and w« would conquer in the end. We should ; gain viotory perhaps in the way we never expected. His Honor then paid an elocjuont and feeling tribute to the memory of General Joubort, and the heroes who had fallen on the field of battle. Mr Viljoen moved that a letter of con dolence be sent to the Government and to the widow of General Joubert. This was agreed to. Mr Grave was of opinion that we had gained, in so far as we now knew our friends. Some were now holding high positions under the British Government. : Mil. 8TEYH AND WHITE 3?LA0S. Coming to the matter of the abuse of the red cross and white flag by the enemy, this (said President Steyn) was such a serious matter that he was compelled to lay the question before neutral Powers. He had gained his information of many abuses from offioers who were in command at the differ ent engagements at Spion Kop, Abraham's Kraal, and other places. Lord Boberts had complained that our burghers had abused the white flag at Abraham's Kraal, but his . Honor was able to prove that the abuse was on the part of the enemy, who shot upon . their own men and our burghers after they had hoisted the. white flag. Our prisoners were not allowed to write letters without their having them opened by the enemy, and advantage was taken of this by enolosing Lord Roberts' proclamation in every letter. This was the noble charaoter of mighty England. Their cause was rotten, and they made use of oontemptible means to gain their end. Burghers who laid down their arms and refused to aid in the struggle should be pointed at with tbe finger of scorn. No one could be a Free Stater one day and an Englishman tbe next. Mr J.H. Fotgieter wished the Raad to pass a severe law for those who laid down their arms and became neutral. They were traitors to their country, and deserved severe treatment. Their property should be con fiscated, and they should never be allowed the franchise in tbe Free State again. Mr J. H, Olivier moved that the procla mations issued by the Government be, con- firmed by the Raad. Mr Rensberg thought many burghers read and distributed ,ptoolamations inno cently. Surely they could not be brought ud for high, treason. : The Chairman explained that they would be tried according to law. . Mr Odendaal thought those who laid down their arms were murderers of their land and people. Mr.R. M. Botha ^explained the proclama tions wore not new laws. Burghers would bo triod by the laws of the country. Mr EergBtedt's motion to sit with olosed doors was lost. Mr Potgiotcr was particularly severe upon a man named Stuart, who had issued tho proclamation of Lord Roberts broadcast among the burghers in Smithfield distriot. Messrs B. 0. Greyling and J. H. Olivier save testimony as to the red oroaa und white flag boing abused on several occasions. ? The motion by Mr Olivier was then carried— 'That the proclamations be con firmed.' The hours of sitting were arranged to bo 9 to 12 and 2 to 5 p.m. LOUD BOBEBTS. Correspondence with Lord Roberts was noxt read. His Honour the President said every endeavour had been made for peace, but it was England's determination to destroy tbe two littlo Republics. Wo only aakod for our ' independence, and Lord Salisbury replied. ' STou eliall not have it.' There was not one article in any convention with England that they had not broken. Lord Salisbury dosired to destroy us, but our destruction lay in higher. hands. The paragraph referring to the Joint Commission to Europe was thoD discussed. His Honour the President said that him self and President Krugor wished no fur ther shedding of innocent blood. Thoy did not wish to have innocent blood on their hands. . People in Russia, Franco, and America sympathised with them. By every poBt, said His Honour, I received letters containing sympathy from meetings held in large citios often attended by 60,300. They were agitating for inter vention, oven if they have to use force. Russia may have complications with Eng land, and she will then bo compelled to make peace. I have tho firm belief, con cluded the President, that within a short time peace will be restored. The great Powers will not allow of our being de stroyed. Mr Bergsted was afraid England would not agree to peaoe even if the Powers in terfered. We had made a mistake in getting too far on to the Colony, and had ost the sympathy of tho peace party of England. The press and capitalists were uaing this weapon against us. BpHROWINQ. The President informed the Raad that he had borrowed £500,000 from the Transvaal Government to carry on tho war.: This was not too muoh, considering the enemy had already spent £72,000,000. In reply to Mr Janso, tho President said the officials who stayed behind at Bloem fontein had been paid two months' salary in advance. The Raad approved, and the President was authorised to enter into a further loan if necessary. . The establishment of Military Courts was approved, doing away with tbe unworkable Krygsraad. Messrs Greyling, Beukes, and 0. J. Weasels spoke strongly as to the destruction of private property by burghers. It was a sin crying to heaven for vengeance. Mr Botha said many excellent laws wore made, but wore not carried out. Tho work of tbe Raad being now con cluded, tho shortest session on record ended, and toe umurman thanked tbe members for tho important work done, and wished them God-speed. v FAREWELL. The President spoke with deep emotion in bidding the Raad farewell. He thanked them for their attendance and for their hearty co-operation in approving what had been done by tho Government. When ho bade them good-bye after tbe Secret Session, he felt like a sick man who bad to pass a long dark night alone. He was pleased to find that he still retained the confidence of the representatives of the people. These wore dark days now, hut no country had ever become great without hardship. ' Go to the burghers,' said His Honour, ' encourage them to continue the struggle, and God bo with you.' In reply to Mr Beukes, the President said bo had seen in the papers that the burghers in the hands of tho enemy were to be sent to St. Helena. He had no reason to disbelieve tbe report; but he could not protest before he was perfectly sure that it was true. He had wired to Lord Roberts a week ago to ascertain if it was true, but he had not received a reply. It was terrible to think that a Christian nation would act in such a bar barous manner, especially as we treated their prisoners as well as possible. To take our people from a high altitude and suddenly place them on an island in the middle of the Atlantio was not the action of a civilised nation. They would be justified in placing their prisoners of war in the depth of the Johannesburg mines. The first sitting of the Volksraad in Kroonetad was then closed with prayer. 'I see the butter market has taken a pasteurise,' murmured a mournful under taker, doing a consumptive lean against a corner verandah poat. 'Didn't I tell you so,' replied the pro phetic pressman, with a sumptuous smile. .' I knew^by tho dripping of the rainfall off our roof there'd be a pasture rise.' 'Talking about excel grease,' added a cheerful colonist in a philosophic manner, 'our senior news organ takes the palm. Its circulation has gono up so high that its junior rivals are getting down in the mouth.' ' Yes,' chimed in a facetious family man in such an icy manner as to put out his pipe, ' the nico-aizo orjams from the roof of my butter-fat infant daughter's mouth are high enough to make the demand for musio paper go up too.' Here is a little butyric story told by a prominent Queensland politician at one of the convivial meetings of the Brisbane Chamber of Commerce : ' Two frogs fell into a dish of milk. One of the frogs was of the despairing, helpless kind. He battled for some' time, and then, coming to the con clusion that the fates were against him, with a mournful oroak he finally gave up the struggle and tbe ghost at tho same time. The other frog had a more optimistio ideal. He had no idea of giving in so long as ho could make a fight for existence. He there fore struok out briskly, and kept going so long that at last he found himself landed high and dry on a pat of butter. He had worked (or rather oburned) out his own salvation.' The moral of this story consists in the application thereof. Many a man en gaged in farming or other rural pursuits gets on all right till difficulties occur, and then, losing heart, he gives up the struggle and goes down, while other men never give in while there is the slightest chance of pulling thiogs round. Such men usually find them selves safely landed on a pat of butter. The largo circulation of the Shoalhaven Telegraph, consequent on the' reduced sub soription, rouders *t tho host advertising medium Tho oubecription to tho SnoALHAVEN Tele graph ?«- reduced to 3s per quarter, 