Chips and Chaff. 44 Poor c-lil Baggs! Bad spelling was Lis ruin." 44 Hon: was that?" 44 Forged another man's came to a cheque, and spelt it wrong." Lady: 4< Yes. hope and charity arc right. Bat what is tho first , thing we "nil need to mako as happy' Small. Girl: 44' Usbunds, miss." Mrs.'Spendalt: "Youlook worried.' Is it because you are so deeply in debt?" ' Mr. Spendall (gloomily): "No; it's because I can't get any deeper." ^ A placard posted throughout a country town once announced the openiug of the Theatre Royal "uuder the management of Hiss Blank, newly decorated and painted." A farmer in ICent last summer placed the following notice in one of his fields: "Not is— If any man's or woman's cow gets iuto these hero otes, its tail will be cutted off as the case may be." | Unwelcome Suitor: " That's a loTelr song. It always'carries me away." She:" "If I had known how much pleasure it could giro us both I would have sung it earlier in tho She: "Why is it that peoplo invariably refer to a newly-wedded couple as * tho happy pairHo (crustily): "Becausethereure grounds for belie ring they're' glad the t monv is over." An Irishman, with a heavy bundle on bis shoulder, was riding on a street car platform, lie refused to put it down, saying, "The horses have enough to do to drag"me; I'll cany tho bundle." nc: 11 Can you tell me the three quickest means ,of communication?" She: 41 Tele phone, telegraph " He: "Well, what's the third?" Sho: "Give it'up." He: "Tell a woman." Sympathetic Lawyer:44 My innocent client, gentlemen of tho jury, has passed through many tribulations and trials-—Prisoner (interrupting): 41 Yes, boss, and the worst of it is I alius was convicted." Mother: "Now, Daisy, can you tellmc the name of the insignificant little worm by whoso industry I am enabled to wear this silken robe?" Daisy; 441 know. The iu« significant little worm is papa!" Officer: "I understand that you and Privata Perkins were calm and collected wheu the explosion occurred at tho powder magazine." Pat: "Well, sor, I was culm, but poor Perkins was collected." First Friend (after ten years' absence): "What became of Bad, Luck, and Co.? When I left thev wero in financial straits— selling out under cost." Second Friend: "They arc at the old shop—still selling out." Ecoxosrv of Electeic Lioicr Pnurrs.— Old fanner to his eon: "Now, don't fergit while * e'to in the city to get some ur them 'lectris light plants wc hcern so much about. Wc kin jw' cz well raise 'em ourselves ; sayc kerosinc." \ Pedlatf: 441 have a most valuable book to sell, madam; it tells one how to do any thing." Lady (sarcastically): 44 Docs it tell one how to get rid of a,postering pedlar?" Pedlar (promptly): "Oh 1 yes, madam; buy something from him." 44 How old was the wall that fell on me ? said the Irishman to the policeman who was carrying him on an ambulance to the hospital. 44 On, I should say about SO years." answers Mr.' Peeler. "Just my luck," says Pat; 441 ouly arrivcd from Ireland yesterday, and it waited all that time for mc! " A teller of clerical stories related not long ago that a very just complaint was once brought before u Certain bishop that a clergyman in his diocese was wearing an Oxfor4 master's hood, when, as & matter of faot, he had no such degree. 141 call it, my lord," said the complainant,44 wearing a Ho on .his b?ck." We neod not us? quite so strong a wort!, .Mr. _ Smith," the bishop replied in his blondest maimer/ 44 call it a falsehood." - .. Edwin: "Do yon think-_your father and mother will do anything for ns when we martyr** Angelina: 441c?, indeed! They hare promised to come and li7e with us." £•" Veet-Fon-d' of .Ho.—"Mr. Poindexter sfill lores his wife devotedly." "How do youknow?" "Iheard him speak rery highly of her taste in bonnets when he was paving the.bill." Young rhyaician (diagnosing a case): " In the first place, air, you must drink less coffee." Patient-: " I never drink any coffee at nil, sir." Young Physician (considerably annoyed): "Well, you ought to." School Teacher (endeavouring* to explain the meaning of. the word "harness" to a small boy); "What docs your father put on the hcr.so?" The Small Boy (hi* face brighten ing: 44 *K puts on all *e can if 'c thiuks it'll Mr. Bunsby: "Ifthityonngraan'scomiflg here to see you every- day iu the week, you had better give him u hint to come after supper.** Miss Bunsby: 141 don't think it necessary, pa ; timt*» what he does coins after.** Customer : " Waiter, this bullock's bear! very badly cooked." Waiter: 44 Weil, sir, the fact is, cook's been crossed in lore, and whenever he has anything to do with a heart it eo upsets him that he doesn't know what he's a doiu' of." ^ 44Why did you never mnrry, Tom?? Well, you see, old mau, when I was quite | young. I resolved I would nerer marry until I found an ideal woman. After many years 11 did find her." 41 Welk then 1*" "She was i looking for an ideal man." : Mother: 41 Is your letter to yonr husband j ready to post?*' Married daughter. 44It's all done excepting ilic postscript telling him; to send me some more money. I'm looking for . another sheet of paper.** 44 Write it across the lines.*' 44 No. indeed. He'll pre tend he couldu't road it." Mother: "I gave each of you hoys an orange. Charlie, you said you wouldn't eat yours until after dinner. And you, Jack, said the same. Have you deceived mo ?" Charlie: ,4No, mother; we didn't eat our own oranges. Iato Jack's and he ate mine." Judge: "Would yon know the coat again which the prisoner is alleged to have 6tolen ?" Witness: 44Most certainly." • Prisoner: 44 There, you sec, gentlemen, that you cannot believe a word this witness says, for I am wearing this same coat this minute." Wife: 44 Do you thiuk Tommy disturbs oar J neighbour with his dram?" . Husband:1 44I'm afraid so; the man next door mado him a present of a nice new knife to- day, and suggested that Tommy should cut open the drum and spend 4 the money inside.' " 11 What, singing so early In the morning exclaimed the boarding-houso landlady as she encountered Mr. Warbles in the hall." "Don't you know it's unlucky to sing before break fast?" 44Perhaps it is," replied Mr. W., but somehow I never feel like singing after breakfast." A tiny girl, fonr years of age, was spend ing a night away from home. At bedtime slic knelt at her hostess's knee to tayhcr prayers, expecting the usual prompting. Finding Mrs. B. unable to help her out, sho concluded thus 44 Please, Qod, 'souse me. I can't remember my prayers,'and I'm stay ing with a lady that don't know any." The Goon Old Bulk, tub Simple Plaw.— She: " It's too provoking ! We've only just had the drains put right, and now the servants are all complaining that the house is haunted!" He: 44I'n m sure I'm very sorry; but I don't ice what I can do." Sho:44 Why. of course, you must have a man down from London who understands about ghosts." 