ss=:=== / To Corrciipoii'lont : Clias. Watts, Gjmplo-In »lowol '.h» oltcumttancoi thai led up to your d qualification, wo canno aoccdo lo your riquost, Nkw stock In nil llyca of watches, jeweler' and plato now oponlnft by J. Maclcod, Bun daberg, wntchmakor to tho Government Crowded out: lteport of Hospital O.mmlUco moolinp, eovcml ilomi ol countrj co roBpoudonce, and othor roaltcB. B. E. ILumt, roprcson'ntlvo Plko Bros., Brisbane, gentlemen's emporium for high- class goods, is in tywn for a fow (lays. Samples at Grand Holol Tho " Y " mooting to-morrow ufter- noon will bo n special ono tut the delegates to tho Colonial Convention of tho W.C.T.U. will bo appointed. Arrangements will also bo nrndo for tho sixth Silver Medal Contest, which takes place on tho 30th instant. Ah Mr. 15. M. Hlxson Is lowing Bunda- hcrg, ho hns instructed W. 15. Curtis and Company, L'd., to auction hh furni'urc, iVc , without rcservo: Tho rale will bo held on the promisos, Toonburra- strcot, formorly tccu- piod by Dr. Sugdon Tho uaual fortnightly mooting of thu Hibernians was held Inst ovening when President Brotlior Robert Johnson presided over a fair nttondnnco- Sick pay was voted to ono brother, and tho usual routine business was conducted. Tho Secretary reported that tho Egan benefit social netted £21 Hs. which, together with ft siiiu of £4 12s. 6d- iianded to blmbyMr.A. I'fttorson ns tlio rcanlt of r collection made by Lieutenant \\\all« and the momborH of tho Fire llrigudo lmd been handed over to Mrs Egan. Ho also stated that Mrs. Kgan oxpressed her heartfelt thanks to all who, by subscriptions or otherwise, had been instrumental in assisting her. A hearty voto of thanks was passed to the Lady Hibernians . and other Indies who contributed to tbo success ol tho social. Receipts, il l 17s. Gd. ; Disbursements, £2. The best houso for wedding rings, ergngo- mont rings, and gold brooches — J, E. Robin \- son A largoly-atlcndcil meeting of tho Queensland branch of tho British Medical iaiMlnilnn was hold on August 3rd, at which tho following resolution was passed:-" That thii meeting of the Queens land branoh of tho British Medical Associa- tlon is quito satisfied that every oise treated as Asiatic plague In Brisk tno has bad its diagno?is indisputably established on a firm . clinical and patuologlcnlbasi?."— (Communi- . , oftlod. _ Fivh pieces of first-class music for 1/- at F. W. Avonoll's Tho Croydon Jlfiniiifl Ncirx, the loading nowspapsr of Iho Gulf c-<untry, re ferring to tbo Cloncurry-Fort Norman lino, which is one of Iho ha'ch of private railwnye at present brioio Parliament, sys:— "Fcr- moiiy this papor strongly oppesed the principle of privalo construction of railways, and wo would perrovero In that opposition to tbo bitter ood if wo bollovod tbo-o was ovon o ' soinlilla of hope that tho Govornmrnt would undertake tho oonslruclloo of tho Cloncurry line. But we now contend that each pro posed lioo should bo considered aaparataly and on Its merits. Wo boliovo thit tha salvation of the Gulf depends upon tbo oponin3 up of tho country by means of railway extension, and wo know that wo havo nothing lo bopo for In working out that salvation tam a Soutborn Government lUimnnntA nf nnv nollttcal DUttV. ThFCforO wo aro prcparod to discuss the root its of any proposal to constiuot the Cloncurry line, and if in auch proposal tho rights ol tho proplo aro properly and sufficiently safeguarded, to give it a fa'r, oatapokco and strenuous sup port; p'ovidod always that iho teinis of tho proposal aro submitted in their entirety to publto crltici.m and opp'oved of by a majority of tho community likely to bo effootod thereby." Fob Wedding Presents' I havo tho largest and best stock to choose from. — J.E.Robin- eon, watchmaker Tho Rev. C. M. Sheldon has been tolling the peoplo of Edinburgh that, in order to apply tbo teaching of Jceus Christ to four different kinds of pooplo, viz., lawyers, doo- tore, buBlnosa moD, and journalists, bo got leave of his eburoh in Topfka, and lived a weok with tho lawyer, another with tho doctors, a third with tbo busioers men, and edited a nowepapor for a week. As to the lawyers, his gonor&l; conclusion was that, Christianity did not infiuenoo their lives at all, and some of tbo test lawyers said they did not think mm in tbeir profession oould he Christians. Ho did not boliovo that. Ho . was disappointed with his week among tho doctors. Thoy novor talked about Christ; they bocsae hardened, and talked about tho human body, "tbo tomple of tho Holy Ghost,'.' as if It were ft bit of moat. He urged dootors lo ennoble their profession. They should tell patients, and particulirly young people, 'of tbe evil cf alcohol oo tho human body. Not more than holf-a-dozen business men with whom ho talked in his week with v tttem could say that they really tried to live ft Chrlstlcm lifo in business. They said It was not possible. Ho did not believo that, though It might mean loss of money. Ho hated tho woid "bocccb" when applied to tbe success of somo bustneis tqeo. Success ful thiovo3 ho Oilled thorn. In America men who had pews iu church and helped to pay tho pastor's salary, combined to " oornor" the necessities of life. Dealing with journal ism, -Mr Sheldon denied that his essvy as . .1 n J„I1o nraa il fnllnrn. TTlfl pdttillQ was meant as an objoot-lesson, not tu an oxperlment. Ho bad rccoivod tbouBands of letters promising support to a real Christian dsily if he would only start ono. Ono day bo got 988 letters. YotJ can buy. 3d packets of no.eeason's stolon seeds, cucombers, marrows, and all other kinds at y. W, Avonoll's Aq illustrating tho wonderful, long i . rolgn of Queen Victoria, says tho London Qloho, It may bo stated that Her Majesty has eon seven 'Lord Chancellor, ten X'rimo Ministers, six Speakers of tho House of . Commons, at loast three Bishops of overy See, and fivo or six of many Soes, fivo Arch- bishops of .Canterbury and six Arobbiahopa of York, and fivo Commanders- in-Ohlef. 8he has seen fivo Dnkos of Norfolk succeod caoh other as Earl blarehal, and hns outlived ovory duke and duchoss and ovory marquis and marchioneea who boro the rank in 1837. Bho hns outlivod overy member of tho Jcckoy Club and overy master of bounds who flourished in 1837. Sho has seen seventeen Presidents of tho United States, ten Vioeroye of Canada, fifteen Viceroys ol India, and Franco successively ruled by ono King, ono Bmpotor, andtoven prostaonts ot a uepuono. Bka tho big drum and shout hurrah I A discovery, tho very best thing this sido of the line, licks everything of tho kind Into a cocked bat. No more slcoplcsB nights; a boon to parents; an ovoriasting blessing. What? Why, Woods' Great Poppormlnt Curo (or cough and colds, of course. Sold by sir grocers and chomlsls at Is Gd and 2s Gd-; tho largo sizo Is tho opest in tbo long run. - From Iloijd's Weekly of July 8 wo pxtraot tho following:— News is brought by ' paBBOngefS of a borrowing ineidont which has oocurrpd on an Atlantiq liner Inm'd-ooeau. A lady returning to England' with hot children wap trying (o quieten tbe baby, aod paid to U in Iho proscnoo of tho others : "If you are naughty, wo shall havo to put you throaoh tho nort-holo." Sho afterwards had . ocoaelon 'to Icavo tho cabin for a fow xnomoots, and on re-entering, mbeod the liUloono. "Wboro's baby?" sho nsked, far from suspecting' tho terriblo reality. "Ob, mamma, dear," camo tboroply, "baby was very nnugbty again, eo wo put her through tho port-holo." Tho vessel was stopped and baokod, but of oonrso without result. Nood- lesa to say, tho event oroalod a profound sensation among tho passengers. Pkbsobb. who wish to borrow money at roasosablo ratoe of Interest, and with low In- oldontal charges, should coll on W. E. Oartls and Company, Ltd., who havo clients toady to mako fmmodiato advances on troc hoid Boourlty, Bates of intorost from 6 to 6 per oent.# Fbakk Sherwood was down town to-day, : th'o first tlmo since ho had his tusalo with cholera morbus, Ho says ho drovo thirty miles after ho was taken, and novor camo so near dying In bis life. After this when ho pf phamteriain's Colio, Cholera and DIar- rhma Iioraiedy with him.— Missouri Vallfy (Iowa) Tithes. For solo by Buss and Co., qgonts, Bundaborg and district Fttysn Lovers, double case, 66/n and £3 10/:, capped and jewelled.— J, Robinson OortlficaUKl watohmakgr ' „ 