IN THE FOOTSTEPS OF BILL SIXES. BY 0. MANNEBS-SMITH. in "Caaiell'a Magazine." The slant rays of an early ann tinted the myriad chimneys of grimy Spital fields with a glorious golden light. The night shadows; in nook and angle of crumbling masonry had slowly melted away, to give place to the playful half- tones of early, morn. Down in the narrow street the full notes of a score or so oE caged song- birds were mingling with the"langhter of children, fresh awakened, and the fusion formed an agreeable soprano to the deeper sounds of day, Through the long night-watches the murderer, haunted by a host of fancies, had sat hy his garret fireside, his brain fraught with the burden of his dreadful secret. He had burnt the weapon, the means by which he had laid the victim low, and as the small fragments of glowing wood had leapt np the chimney they had seemed to him a thousand hurrying heralds gone forth to publish the story of the crime. The "thing" lay crouched in corner covered with a ragged cloaL^ its very silence a sort of sickern» terror. Long ere the morning hal come, and as the embers were dyiwjjc .the grate, there had been a convtrisivc movement of tho hand, the last signal of ebbing life, and the" room had grown fall of hideous phantoms, amid them the dreadful eyes peering through the cloak. At length a new tenant came to the place-a joyous thing to all in the world but the solitary Sikes-a thin stream of sunlight through the broken window. The man watched it as it traced" ita way along the floor. It moved slowly, as an index-finger seek- ing something out. It moved again, and settled on the corpse. The shivering murderer arose. Of all the horrors bf the night, this was the worst. He could bear it no longer, and rushed into the street, bent he knew not whither. An attempt to locate the house occupied by Sikes and Nancy on the night of the murder is not, in the main, successfnl. The gang of thieves to which they belonged seems from time to time to have occupied many decs situated in the shadier parts of the great houBe-forest of London, but the last residence of the girl was probably in a narrow alley in the district between Spitalfields and Bethnal Green road. Once in the street, we are told that the haunted Sikes walked through 'Islington. To reach that neighbour- hood he would have to traverse a number of narrow passages, the site of which is now covered by./part of the Great Eastern Railway. He would walk along Worship Street into City Eoad, reaching Islington at the foot of Upper Street, where stands ' the "Angel" tavern. In soaching days the "Angel" was a place where the wearied, dusty night- traveller t¡ prndentto " the d wk fie enough to risk the 1 stage. The "Ange would retain something of its old-time | appearance, bat the place would have no interest for the hurrying, fear striken wretch. . He moved on with clenched hands I and glazed eyes, away from the pool of blood glistening in the sunlit room. He had no destination and no purpose, save, perchance, to pat distance! between himself and the crouching [ figure in Spitalfields. Pate-led him along Upper street, in j that day, doubtless, a quaint and pleasant thoroughfare, suggestive, to one unburdened by so great a crime, ] of the past rusticity of Islington. Could the fronts of the modern shops, built from the first floors of the ancient houses, he swept away as by the majic touch of some Titanic hand, Upper Street might present the appearance it had when Haleigh Defoe, and Goldsmith lived hard by. The murderer was impelled by some | mysterious influence . in the direction of Highgate. It requires no great I flight of fancy to picture him sitting momentarily on one of the benches in old Islington Green, since improved ] out of recognition. The rustic seats have disappeared, and ¿heir places occupied by park forms, beloved | resting places of a section of London's unemployed. Soon he was np and away again on | his journey anywhere, the ghastly eyes, now here' now afar off now staring close to his shoulder, and again opirrn fully moving on before. His wai was east through Lower' and Uppp Holloway, the latter once | the haunt of Claude Du>al and Dick ! Turpin, criminals napa the less j desperate, but of a more polished : pattern than the fugitive Sikes. He | skirted the western fringe of High- bury, formerly noted for its castle and pleasant woods, the wood\doabtless existing when the murderers, took his flight. . \ On he hurried, to the foot of High gatè Hill, with, perchance, another sadden pause to contemplate the Whittington pedestal, third successor^] to the identical stone on which Bat I Dick of the nursery story when the soand of Bow Bells recalled him to ? London after his escape from the | drudgery of Pitzwarren's Easteheap kitchen. On, heedless as to the | memory of the hermit of Highgate; to to whom tradition pointa as having cut and levelled the road. He would pause again opposite the "Black Dog " ale- house to his left. The sign, with its grinning canine spectre, the weird hound of folklore, which still terrifies the ignorant and fearful in remote country places, would set the j man into a fresh frenzy of terror. The "Black Dog " is no more, and on j its site bas risen the monastery of St. Joseph, formerly the house of Ignatius j and his PaBsionists. ^ "We are told that Sikes " strode up Highgate Hill," eternally ,consecrated to the memory of some of England's greatest men. To his left would stand Lauderdale House, in its time the residence of the grim personage whose initial formed the last letter ofK the then newly 'coined word "cabal." Here lived, for a time, the least vicions of the favourites of the Merry Monarch-Nell Gwynne, the ex orange-girl of the London playhouses. " Poor Nelly," as his most Christian Majesty pathetically* calls her, was quartered here during the absence of Lauderdale on one of his expeditions of cruelty to Scotland. The King wa3.often to be seen here, looking, it is said, tall and black like the son of Kisb. He was fond of the pleasant terraced gardens, and would sit talking to' his favourite as she nursed her child. At Lauderdale House, on snell an occasion, one qf England's highest families had its origin. His Majesty was strolling in the garden when Nell brought her infant to the window. The title ' promised for the child bad long been delayed, and Nell Gwynne, with truly feminine banter, called out, " Unless you do something for him here he goes." .The startled King replied, "God save the Duke of Burford." K3y was the first of the illustrious f nobles whose name is taken the ancient town of Essex England's protomartyr met his : ûeatu. Commonplace advertisements [ emblazon to-day the walls of the ancient summer parlour, with its many windows and quaint verandah.. The suburban nurse girl tends her noisy charge on the grassy slopes oft pressed by Boyal feet, while the tirèd tramp lounges in the porch, and, ever jealous of the flight of hours, asks the time of all he meets. The house and grounds {are the property of ,the County Council, and have been con- verted into a London lung. The murderer began to hesitate near here, and would stand gazing at the pretty old-world cottage once tenanted by the sweetly exquisite poet and patriot, Andrew Marvell. Perhaps even'for the brutal Sikes the garden may have bad some curious attraction. In a pause in his! fearful day-dreams the beaury of the spot may'have soothed. Long and idly he would stand staring at the wealth of flowers. A small bush all aglow with roses is in the centre pf a patch of grass. He would dreamily count the flowers. They .numbered thirteen ; the mystic symbol of illomsn. He passed bis gaze to another rose bush. They ware darker flowers. Curiously darker. Like something he had lately seen. Horror ! The colour of newly shed blood! Theo, from the shadow of a leaf cluster, there start again the dancing eyes. His great coarse frame trembles, and he runs, bent almost , double, past Cromwell and Arundel Houses,' up the hill to its summit. Arriving breathlessly at the top of Highgate Hill, he would glance momentarily at the CW Toll - Grab, tavern Badly suffering,under renova- tion, and ' their suddenly begin the descent... " .On"the bright winter morning on 'which this journey is retraced^fche air is full of the merry shouts of school- boys, facing in the echoing cloutera of the Cholmely^school . across the road. The^bicycle.girliis in evidence,; scorching madly down Hampstead Lane. A labourer is .eating bread and cheese on the Toll Gate steps, heedless of the dismal croon of a female street singer pouring fowrth the refrain of a revivalist hymn. The demon-hunted Sikes now turned down in the direction of the heath. " He skirted. Caen Wood, and so came out on Hampstead Heath." The joys of once " Happy Hamp- stead," it is to be feared, are fleeting before the inroad of jerry builder and boase speculator. Even but now, down across the breezy stretch of green, the demolisher's hammer is battering away the past and its j romance, in . an old building till yesterday a fitting item in one of I Morland'8 pictures. The wood is older than the Druids. The Conqueror rechristened it in memory of his Norman home. Hard I by, in the valley. between the hills of Highgate. and Hampstead is the accredited battlefield of Boadicea, well answering in appearance to-day the description given. by Tacitus: " A spot of ground narrow at the entrance, and sheltered in the rear by a thick forest with an open plain before;" which would suggest a couple of eminences protected by a wood. The gables of some great modern structure, towering to-day above the tree tops, grievously offend the eye. . The vicinity of Caen "Wood has seen strange doings. The silence of the outlying farms has been rudely broken by the shouts of Fifth Monarchy men and Gordon rioters, while the old Spaniards' inn, on the brow of the hill, has attaching to it tradition enough to surfeit the most romantic. The slouching figure of Sikes crept along the skirt of the wood. He cast his bloodshot eyes upon the fresh green boughB and waving wealth of fern, hut comprehended them . not. He was deaf to the sweet diapason of the throstle's song; deaf to the dreamy anthem of the bees. .The eyes, the ghastly eyes, were every- where, now looking out to him-from the heart of some woodland thicket, and pleading, as they had looked up to him ere he struck the fatal blow. Again, full of the old-time laughter, he sees them moving in the long sunbeam's stretch. Now, glaring as with some great anger,'in the sandy hollows of the knoll. Once more, in the opal cloud flecks above his head ; tearful, as they had often been of late. Down in the depths of the weedy pool, they are there, rising to the breeze-swept surface as if to come to him. He threw himself on the mounds and buried his face in the grass. " He traversed the Hollow by the Vale of Health." To-day the scene is one of mirthful innocence. On the shady walk, beloved of tender Keats, groups of little rosy fairies are skipping themselves into the realms bf ecstasy. The pond, lying to the side of the great hotel, is gay with a flotilla of toy yachts, and the steam horsesi stand idle in the sun/'albeit with heads erect and nostrils distended as if to sniff the pure winter air. Up on the grassy slope, leading to < Spaniards' Hoad, an aged clergyman I is engaged upon some winter botany, j The German Turnverein to-day is | silent, and from a boarding-house, ] somewhere to its front, there are j carried on the breeze down the Yale ! the notes of a piece of Chopin, brightly played on a piano, j Sikes next climbed the bank in order to croas the road joining the villages of Highgate and Hampstead. His steps were in the direction of North End, and he would pass the side buildings of "Jack Straw's Castle," the alleged stronghold of one of Jack Cade's generals. He knew the road well. In his day each foot of this lonely North London j region was familiar to the rough and j the vagabond of the Metropolis. As he glanced at the " Castle," he would, doubtless, remember the goodly piece of well-used gibbet post, at that moment doing duty as a mantel tree in the inn kitchen. Once at North End, reminiscent of the "Great Commoner" and his strange affliction, Sikes crawled under a hedge and fell into a fitful sleep. Had he known the tradition of ghost-tenanted Wildwoods, he would not have slunfbered here. The man now shook off his lethargy, and began to walk back to London. An eminent foreign critic regards this action of the murderer as one of the most gruesome incidents following the tragedy. He would go back to the scene of horror. But the great sunny heath had for bim a strange fascination, and he was shortly again prowling acroBS its turfy stretches. He had not broken his fast for many long hours. " Where could he go-a place that was near and not too public-to get some.meat and drink?" \- Hendon. He starts off along the road leading to that village, running sometimes, and. sometimes inconsist- ently loitering at a snail's pace, or stopping altogether td - idly. _ break, pieceB from the hedgerows. SikeB reaches Golder's . Green, noticeable to-day for nothing save another tramp also concerned to pass an hour. When the murderer walked into Hendon, he was overcome by fear. Even the children seemed to eye him with suspicion. He would probably have sought food at.the Welsh Harp, beloved Arcadia of the modern Cockney angler. It was a place some distance from the village proper, but he dared not enter. Then he turns back again drawn by the inexplicable influence of that heath, growing weird in the approaching dusk. At length he finds his way through Einchley by Chipping Norton to Hadleigh. Quitting Lower Woodside, as he made for, the town, he would touch the outskirts of Lord Salisbury's perk, near Marsh Moor, the tall trees by this time standing gaunt against the moon. His craving for food, must be appeased, and he slunk ¡into a way- side inn. Here he was fated to be terribly reminded of his guilt. The loquacious : pedlar, with his oft repeated patter speech, puffing the compound for removing' stains, offers to take the spot of blood from his cap.. ; At Hatfield,, too, be .hears the coachman and gamekeeper conversing of the murder. . He struck off wildly in the direction of St. Albans, but as he left the houses behind him and plunged into the wood, he felt an awe creeping upon him that shook bim to the core. The morning's ghastly figure follows at his heels. He can Bee its outline in the moon shadows and hear its footsteps in the crackling leaves. He stopped. It did the same. If he ran, it ran too. Not as anything of earth, but like some dread creature, held upright, upon the bosom of the low moaning wind. " Let no man talk of murderers escaping judgment, and hint that Providence must sleep. There were twenty score of violent deaths in one long minute of that agony of fear." This road is creepy enough in the daytime, let alone the night. It ninds its length like a great yellow snake crossing the Hertfordshire landscape. At times there are stretches of dismal marsh, portioned out here and there into watercress sluices, from which, through .the evening-mists, issue the strange and startling notes of water- fowl. About half-way on the road from Hatfield Ho St. AlbanB, probably near Pope's Field, there came to Sikes, in the noise and light of the farmhouse fire, a brief surcease of the phantom's gaze. Then he formed his fatal resolution. " Why not go back to London ? There's somebody to talk to there, at all events." The man's loneliness is so strangely awful, that he almost becomes the subject of pity. His resolution is sudden but fixed, for he attempts to strangle the dog. By which roiite the murderer returned will never be known. We next meet him entering the silent and sullen circle of his companions herd- ing together in a rookery on Jacob's Island, a secluded nest of houses in Bermondsey, near the river. The murderer's haunted wanderings near their end. Jacob's Island proves bis last resort. His frantic struggles to escape from the infuriated mob, with their terrible denouement, are things of which the world well knows. 