OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. # Activity is beginning to be shown in poli tical circles relative to election matters, and when the Government fit the date of the elections matters will begin to hum in real esrnest. The Assemhly ia showing that spirit of mingled restlessness and apathy that characterises a moribund Parliament and it is felt both ineide and outside the walla of Parliament tbat the sooner the ap peal to the country takes place the better. In the House on Tuesday night the Minister of Lands delivered a second reading speech on the Lands Aot Amendment Bill Qe said that tbe present condition of tbe mallee settlers was not at all rosy—even io prospect of a phenomenally good seasonsince they had been the victim of "land sharks" and uupriociiled speculators who had brought tbem to the brink of ruin. The holdiugs of the farmers were hopelessly mort gaged, and uulees something was done foi them a number of them would certainly have to surrender their land. The Minister pointed out that many of these anfortunatea were not tenants of tbe Crown, but had taken their land from leaseholders, whose tenure would expiie in 1903. The remedy for their grievances, in bis opinion, lay in the issue of new antedated licenses, or perpetual leases with credit for improvements, arrears to be divided into equal instalments extending over the term of the new license. This scheme Mr M'Coll thought would give the men of the mallee a chance toretiieve their shattered fortunes. The debate on this matter was adjourned for a week. Mr Gillies still retains bis admiration for the " borrow to day and God knows when pay" policy of the years he was bead of one of tbe most disgracefully extravagant Governments tbat ever cursed Victoria or rather, perhaps, that ever the colony was cursed with. In the House on Tuesday night he advooated paying our war liabilities—how veiy grand and national this sounds—by borrowing the money, and as for the surplus Mr ShieU is figuratively oursing under bis coat 30 carefully tbat could go towards getting the penny post and thus put- ting a stop to the dismal wail of a portion of Melbourne addreseed to Mr Watt, I,he burden of which is €t Please make it a penny, Mr Biggins declared that tbe penny post and the aui plus revenue weie in no way related. Finally Mr Sbisls promised tbat the penny post would be inaugurated on the let January, 1901, as a sort of new year's gift, l>ut he added the proviso " if the revenue vould stand it." Mr Shiels reminds one f the old comio song, " He #as a cautious man," and aleo of the lawyer who wrote at the bottom of every letter he forwarded to 4 bis sweetheart, 4 1 his js without prejudice," The Women's Suffrage Bill came up in the Legislative Council on Tuesday for the second reading. The fair sex were present in force, like the military at an Irish eviction. Petitions were hawked ioto tlie Chamber both for and against the granting of the vote to women. There were eight petitiona on behalf of the measure, four of which were found to be informal, and there wero four against it, and of these two were declared informal. The debate that ensued was not distinguished by much ability, and the freu- /ted opposition of some people to the female suffrage, who are voiced in the Upper House by that Geelougese political fossil—Mr Harwood—is becoming almost amusing. 1 was at oue of the suburban councils the other evening and heard a speech in which the councillor said that He 'oped the entrances to Melbourne would be looked after, seein' that that distinguished foreigner the Dook of York was coram'." Later on he 4 talked about tbe council 4 agoing to law and being mulcated in costs," whils auother member of the same body moved thst a certain e letter bs received and ,4 consigned to obit vity"—wherever that is. Talk aboat 1 4 back blocks" and " bush eloquence," why it is nothing to auch wangling of the English language and the suburban councils of Melbourne in general could do with a oourse of Morrell, but the one I allude to is particularly bad. It is tD be hoped the Duke will not mset with some of the cariosities of Victoriau, or rather greater Melbourne municipal members, A conference has been held by the judges of the Supreme Court to consider the petition of certain law students who failed to pass the rccent final examination for barristers and solicitors, aud who state that the text books were not adhered to by the examiners. The result of the conferencc will oot be knswn for a few days. It Beems that a similar trouble to this happened in 1892, when a petition was presented to Chief Justice Higinbothem, in which it was complained tbat unfair questions bacUbeen pot to students, aud also that tbe examiners had not kept to the text books. The prayer con- tained in tbe pstition was on tbat occasion not acceded to, but the judges fixed the text books to be used aud asked tbe examiners to observe soinesortof deffniteness regarding them. Parliamentary candidates are as pleotiful in all directions now as mushrooms after a certain class of weather. The statements of food, nnd perhaps designing friends to men with not the ghost of a show to the effect that they would be returned easily, are eagerly listened to. Some again announce themselves without the slightest io tent ion of nominating when the day comes, but simply as an advertisement. They insert a notice iti the press that they offer their services and hold a meetiog and perhaps manage to get a report of their speech into tbe papers. The whole thing, perhaps, does not cost more than £1, aoi it is an excelleut advertisement. Theie are men who do this every election and have never been known to nominate yet. These individuals are something like a priutet I once knew who also ran a small local paper. He was invited at times to festive gatherings in connection with which the taast of the press was proposed. In responding on behalf of his paper this strange spcoimen of a journalist used to conclude an impassioned pansgyt ic on the power of the press with an intimation to the effeot that be saw nuuy business men piesent, and he hoped the would remember that for billheads, business cards, baudbills, posters and (general piloting tbe office of the so aod so Thunderer could not be surpassed. 