THE MVSTERY OF THE DARK HOUSE PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. By "3ES.ITPA.," . Author of "Peg the Rake," "Kitty the Rag," "Two Bad -Blue Eyes," "A Woman In It," "Darby and Joan," "The Grinding Mills of God," "A Daughter of the People,',' . "A Husband of No Importance," Ac., &c.; copyright. CHAPTER II. "You have done nothing hut mope since Cyril left. Talk of wearing one's heart on one's 'sleeve, why anyone could read your secret." said Cynthia, scornfully. The tragedy of the parting was ten days old. The sisters wore sitting on the grass under the old cedar tree. It was c lose on sunset. The air was full of warmth and fra grance. Birds chirped a last good-night to day from lilac tree and chestnut bough. Do lores turned a white face and wistful eyes to tile speaker. ' , "I don't care," she said, slowly. "I suppose you don't; or you wouldn t make Buoh an exhibition of yourself. Cynthia threw herself full length on the green sward, and, clasping her hands behind her head, looked up into the soft blue depths "'wliat's it like?" she asked abruptly. "What's what like?" . "Being In love, and melancholy over the dm- loved's absence, and all that. Tell me, Dolly. It will do you good to unburden your souk 'Give sorrow words,' doosn t someone say. Well, I invite confidence. It s too bad you should tnko the lead of me when I m tw o years older than you and ever so much uet ter looking, but Cyril was a booby. The white face fluahedseavlet. "How dare you say that? You know ne was over so much cleverer and— and "'oor in every way than that Idiot you have dang- . ling after you. I wonder you can be civil to ''"I'm. not, - That's just why he likes. me so much.: The worse you trent a jnap the fon- tier he cots of you. Believe- roe, my upar, there's 110 greater mistake fhonahowinffyour feelings. I'm always preaching that to. y"I don't believe you've any to show. Tou flirt with any male thlmrthnt comes In your way. but you couldn't carc for one of them. If you love anyone. H a yourself. Cynthia. You were always lllce that," "Well. I'm worth lovinnr. Judging from .all the love letters I pot. Bobby Trevor has turned that old hollmv tree bv thestlle Into n post-ofllcc for my benefit. Would you like to hear his latest effusion?" "No. And I don't think It's a nice thing to do to read out what's only meant for your self to some other perron/' "How bndly you speak, Dolly. You 11 really have to attend to your education. Slio glanced at a coldly -averted cheek, and smiled meaningly. "Have I hurt your feelings, dear? Never mind. Wo can't all have the same tastes. Though what you could see In Cyril passes my comprehension. Now. when I marry "Here comes Aunt Sarah, and the tea table." interrupted Dolores. I should bold my tongue if I were you." 'Pvntlila sat upright. "Poor Aunt Sarah. Wouldn't sho be shocked if she knew that the little god's arrows wero already flying about In tills sacred retreat, or that a proposal and ten thousand a year are lurking in my pocket at this very moment, waiting only for a word of three letters on father's side.' . "What!" exclaimed, her sister, glancing round. "Ah! I thought . I'd wake you up. Im per fectly serious." "But Bobby " , ,,, _ . "Oti! you little goose, of course Its not Bobby. Calf love and no prospects are all Ira has to lay at my feet. No: It's — — . But never mind. i'll tell you after tea. I see leav ing the drawing-room. How astonished he 11 be to-morrow morning!" . . SIM rose and assisted the maid to set out the tea-table. The Vicar joined his sister, and they came up to the two girls. They always took tea out of doors when the weather per- Thcf'talk was chiefly about parish mattera: the ailments of old people, the vagaries of the young. The Vicar alluded to the forth coming concert which Mrs. Ferrers, of the Hall, was getting up for the village schools. She was a lively elderly widow, with a large income and no family, and was so socially dis posed that she always filled the Hall with visi tors when she was' In residence there. "Oh! by the way, I have a letter from her. said the Vicar, putting down his tea-cup and trying his pockets in succession. She wants, you to sing, Dolores. I know that is what It Is about. Yes— here It is. Read It yourself, my dear. I suppose you will do as she asks. There's a sketch of the programme there, too. Her friends seem very talented. They are all doing something." "Let me see!" exclaimed Cyntlila, taking tho slip from her sister's Indifferent grasp. She. rattled off . a Btrlng of names, with ac companying criticisms on their proposed per formance. She was a great favourite of Mrs. Ferrers, and know most of her guests by rea- ' son of. meetings at luncheons and teasJ "To- Anthea,1 " Mr. Thomas Lllllecrapp.'\ she read. There was a little touch of con sciousness in her voice. /But apparently the listening ears were not critical! "Fancy Mr. Lillleorapp singing! "Why he doesn't know one tune from another. He has positively no ear.' And, as for Mrs. Ferrers, of course, it's Luce dl quest anlmo." Dad, you ought to give -'The Vicar of Bray.' The sentiments don't BUlt, of course, but It's just your com pass.- Dolores, Bhatl you appear? For good ness sake, don't sing one of your doleful ditties If you do." "I'd rather not sing at all," said the girl. "Why. my dear? I thought you'd be pleased," said the Vicar, wonderlngly. "And you have an excellent voice, you know. It would seem a little— well, a little Impolite, to refuse. Especially when you consider the object for which the concert la given." "Of course you must sing, Dolores," said her aunt sharply. "You have no possible rea son for refusing." The girl raised her cup to her lipB to hide her sudden tremor. Shesald no more. The conversation wont on. Cynthia had always plenty to say, and loved the sound of her own voice. She was a gay butterfly of a girl, 'totally unlike her sister, still more unlike either father or mother. She adored her own small, pretty person, and flirted pro miscuously with all and sundry who were fllrtable. She had long ago made up. her mind that a rich marriage and a position In So ciety wero to be her portion In life,, and al-- ready had achieved their possibility. They took the form of a middle-aged admirer, a friend of Mrs. Ferrers', who had done great things in the manufacturing line, and patent ed a certain British industry,- .which had led to fortune. That lie was ugly and commonplace, and coarse, and stupid, were trifles of no Import ance to the soulless' little beauty. He was torty-flve years of age, and she hoped apo plectic. He would serve lier purpose admir ably. and lie was quite bestottedly In love with herself. She had his proposal In her pocket, and had authorised him to call on the Vicar the. next morning. It was little won der she had no sympathy to spare for her sis ter's woebegone face and lovelorn listlessness. They were so Imm-asurably foolish that she could not even take tliem seriously as a point of discussion. The swing of the garden gate came as an Interruption to the conversation. Miss Webbe looked round. '1A gentleman," she said, peering Into the distance, with short-sighted eyes. Cyntllia turned her head. VWhy, It Is Mr. Lillleorapp!" she exclaimed. "He must have come about the concert." - A short, thick-set man, with a- rod face and Iron-grey linlr, came towards the group. Tho Vicar knew him slightly, but that fact made no difference to his greeting. . Cynthia's wel come was tinged with a little conscious blush, and Dolores simply shook hands, with a con ventional remark, ere retiring Into the back ground. . It appeared Mr. Lilllecrapp had come about tlie concert. They were "anxious to get the programme printed; and Mrs. Ferrers .had "commissioned him to secure the two young ladles of the Vicarage for "something." Per haps Miss Cynthia would, play and Miss Dol ores' sing? He gave the message, looking ardently, at Cynthia. "We were Just trying to make up our minds when you appeared," she said. "At least, I was trying to make up my sister's mind for her. I see you are going to sing 'To Anthea.' " "I was about to request tlie favour of your accompanying me. You play so well." "It is a very difficult accompaniment," ob served tlie Vicar. "And a fine song," he added, "though the sentiment has always appeared to me somewhat exaggerated." "Love," observed Air.- Lilliecrupp, "cannot be exaggerated when It Is real." Ills iuco grew redder, he rumpled his Iron grey hair In sudden confusion, and pro nounced the- weather "very 'ot indeed for the re-ar-on." Cynthia rushed into a discussion on the programme, and endeavoured to' In clude her sister. But Dolores was evasive. Sine would not promise anything. \- Presently'tho visitor evinced an admiration for the garden, that Impelled hts host to sug gest further Inspection; and they strolled off together, followed by a suspicious glance from Cynthia. Nature had formed her co- queite, despite all. rules of heredity and ex ample. She knew she had limited her oppor tunities, now by choice of one among her victims. The reflection caused her some un easiness. She felt she lmd been hurried, and alieudy saw the Vicar puckering an honest brow In wonderment. Of course, Lillieerapp would seize the op-" portunliy, and equally, of course, would con fess himself authorised to do so by the lady of Ills desire. At thjs stage her thoughts wan dered to Aunt Sarah,, and took a tinge of triumph. She became less critical respecting the favoured swain, and revelled in pictures of splendid successes and social elegance. The tea-things were removed, and Dolores went Indoors. Cynthia remained with her aunt, and awaited events with pardonable Impatience. The world was her golden apple. Lillleernlpp would be the ladder by whose means the fruit might be reached. Once reached she would make, him a sharer In her triumphs. : He must go Into Parliament. He would win a" title. ' "Sir Thomas and Lady Lilllecrapp" had a pleasant sounding flavour about it. She murmured It over, und the name seemed less homely, aud smacked less of manufactures, or licensed victualling. ; "My. dear Cynthia, I have spoken . to you three times," exclaimed her aunt. "What are you thinking about? I want you to take those flannel petticoats to old Mrs. Babbage. They are quite ready and " >.. . The future Lady Lilllecrapp rose Impatient ly. "Oh! bother Mrs. Babbage. I don't want to go down to the village this eveinlne. Send Dolly. I'll '.tell her." . Aunt Sarah looked dignified. "In my young days " she began. "Here comes papal If he wants me, tell htm I'm 111 the drawing-room." A lapwing, a swallow, anything airy and graceful, gave its likeness to her swift flight us a pair of infatuated eyes watched It. ' "I have your permission to claim, 'her, ' then?" was murmured, rapturously. ."You. day she has accepted you, condition ally to my approval; It seems to me ' that' means— everything," answered the Vicar. "I am a little bewildered. It had not dawned up on mc that my children were grown up — mar riageable, In fact. But If you are. so deeply . attached to her, and your position Is all that you have stated, I cannot offer any objection- except that of youth.". "A lovely fault." said the enamoured swain, "and one I am only too willing to overlook, Then I may tell her you consent?" "I— I suppose so." If Cupid ever lends wings to middle-aged feet, his aid was apparently Invoked, for the last words were addressed only to vanishing 'coat-tails. CHAPTER III. The two girls were dressing for the concert. Two white gowns lay on the bed In Cynthia's room, and two exquisite bouquets of white flowers with trails of green foliage lay beside them. Cynthia stood before the glass, radiant in deshabille of snowy mysterjes and giving finishing touches to her hair. The. door open ed, and Dolores 'entered. She moved with a languid step, and her face was pallid and anxious. "You look awful!" exclaimed Cynthia, with slBterly candour. "I can't think what's come over youl For goodness sake, child, try and put off that melancholy Ophelia business for once. Really, people will begin to notice you. You're Just like a ghost. I declare I'd make you rouge If I had any. I've heard geranium petals do aB well: but It's not the season for them. . Try a rough, towel." . Dtlores made no reply. She did Indeed look ill. Her face had lost Its youthful roundness and grown sharp and thin. Dark circles sha dowed her eyes and Intensified the dusky length of lashes. Her step was slow and lan guid, and her lips never smiled. She seemed to move and act and speak by mechanical In stinct. The verve and spring of life had gone from her. "No letter yet?" observed Cynthia Inquir ingly. "Well, after all, he's not .been gone so very long. You'll have to adopt my philoso phy, dear. 'It he do not write to me, what care I how nice he be!' Not that Cyril was ever. 'nice' In my opinion. He. thought too much of himself. A conceited .man, never makes a satisfactory lover. Now, my poor old dear Is rather too fond of .bringing, hlmr self to my notice. See there!" She pointed to the flowers, and then took upa trinket box from .the dressing-table. " "This— to my Anthea;,' " she read, arid opening It showed the Bpnrltlc Of a diamond circlet, which was speedily transferred to 'a slender finger. "Pretty, Isn't it?. That's the third ring he lias given me. '.I suppose tlie fourth will be the one." "Miss Tatton has excelled herself," said Cynthia presently. In approval of her own ap pearance. "Taste and the "Ladles' Pictorial' can do wonders even In a country village. These gowns have quite a town-made touch about them, I assure you. I've not studied Mrs. Ferrers' frocks for nothing. I hope your bodice will fit, Dolly. Mine Is barely com fortable; but you want singing room. Good- inqss, .there's Aunt Sarah calling, and .youlre mot dressed. What a nuisance punctual peo ple arc." .. "I'll, take this Into my room," exclaimed Do lores, hurriedly. "She'll only, fuss and detain me. Keep her here for goodness sake. Show! her your ring— anything." She seized her; bodice and fled. A .quarter of an hour later .ithei two glrl3 were in the drawing-room of the Vicarage,; undergoing the criticism of father and aunt. Cynthia was radiant. Her lovely colouring was all the more brilliant in contrast to her colourless attire. Dolores, too, had no lack of, roses. to complain of, but the flush on her cheeks were too feverishly brilliant to last, and her eyes had a wild, strained look that spoke of mental tension. . . i Tho Vicar regarded them with admiring In terest, their aunt with a due appreciation of the dressmaker's skill as an adjunct of .youth and beauty... . Her father's eyes rested on Dolly's, face with a dawning expression of wonder, and their gazo growing more intent, noted some change In that face that gave him a moment ary pang; It brought out the llkenesB to that dead wife so strongly. But why should the child look 111, and what had brought that hunted, half-terrlfled look Into- her soft eyes? Those eyes- which had always seemed to fore shadow sorrow «ven In childhood. Ere he could frame his troubled thoughts into words she had thrown her cloak over her shoulders and turned away on pretence, of finding her music. Her hands shook, she felt cold and sick. The names and titles of the songs swam hazily before her eyes. She wondered how she would ever get through the evening with this new sense of, terror weighing upon her heart. "When she stood on the platform and gazed down on the familiar faces It seemed to her - that they all wore a look of curiosity, or question. The blood mounted, to. her brow, the beating of her heart was,qulck. and pain ful. Her eyes fell' on the flowers she held In her hand, and their snowy purity seemed to mock her agonised thoughts. (to be.costixued.) 