FOB VALUE BECE1VED. BY THOMAS COBB. (Author of ??Brownie's Wot,' *'X.ucy Csrter.' etc.). COKMJENC^D IN 'EVENING 3JBWS' OP OCTOBER 26. CHAPTER XXIV,— (ConiinuecL} Nevertheless, vhile he despised the sin, lie could not hate tlie sifl&er.; For Lily's sake he would shield Arthur to the full extent of hia power. No one who knew Arthur as in timately as Eustace had known Mai could believe that he would go unpunished. He must carry a scourge of his owfi,; far more terrible than any that could be'bW|H&ht; to bear upon him by Mr. Sniellie. ' 'I think this,' said Eustace: 'I 'think that you have not a tittle of evidence ,ip. work upon. You saw blood upon Arthur: Eden bridge's hand. Very well; you saw him. leav ing the wood where he might have wounded his hand. What else have you? The fact or nip oeing a long tune on nis way nome from here that Tuesday night ? ' ?Nearly two hours,' Mr. Smellie eagerly suggested. 'I could tell you that he had reason to be greatly disturbed in mind. He had only just heard the truth about his brother, and there was something else as weU into which it not needful to enter. Then you come to the mo tive.' 'Ah!' said Mr. Smellie. 'Well,' Eustace continued, 'I admit it might appear a strong motive for a man you believed to be a scoundrel. But to what can you point in Edenbridge's past life which jus tifies you in forming such an opinion of him? The mere fact of its being to a man's worldly interest* to slay his brother scarcely justifies you in branding him with the mark of Cain.' Eustace would have done a great deal to avoid the necessity of making this exparte statement, but he consoled himself by the reflection that he had not uttered a syllable Which was actually untrue. Not that he ?was in the least convinced by his own words, although he hoped they would convince Mr. ISmellie. He thought, however, that it was himself, and only himself, who knew how black the ease against Arthur really looked. Smellie did not kij,ow what had passed between Ar thur and Lily that night; did not know how hard Arthur had tried to hinder him f roni searching for Hastmgs's body in the right direction; did not know of the sudden change in his opinion concerning the hour of his bro ther's departure from the Manor House. Armytage did sincerely believe that, from Mr. Smellie's point of view, the evidence was insufficient to give rise to suspicion. Indeed, the fact proved that it had been suffi cient to give rise to suspicion, and a very strong one. Mr. Smellie's face had grown cloudy. He began to wish he had not come, and the next best thing was to go away. But, after all, he had accomplished some thing. He did not dream that Armytage had already suspected Arthur; he believed that he had sowed the seeds of doubt this after noon, and that some of these might take root in Lily's mind also. To do him justice, even whilst he still felt Arthur's fingers uncomfortably close to his throat, his leading motive was not his rival's injury. He would prefer attaining his end without proceeding to extremes. 'You are wrong, Armytage,' he said, blow ing_ out his glove before coaxing it over his hand; 'you're too easy-going. I will think it over and make up my mind what to do. I shall warn everyone I come across. I'll mark him just as I would a bad shilling. I'm not going to stand by and see other people cheat ed. A nice thing to have a fellow like that .visiting respectable 'ouses.' '♦What houses is he likely to visit?' answer ed the Vicar. 'He is not very likely to knock at your door; he does not come here ? ' 'Don't he though,' exclaimed Mr. Smellie, putting down his hat again with a violence he afterwards regretted. 'Then you knew It all along. Come, Armytage, split fair, you knew it before I told you.' For why, otherwise, had Arthur discontinu ed his frequent visits to the Vicarage? Armytage opened the dining-room door without replying. In the hall they fortu nately met Lily, and for the moment Mr. Smellie forgot everything in his struggle to pull off his glove in time to shake her hand. 'Lily,' said the Vicar, as soon as the un welcome visitor had taken his leave, 'Smellie tells me that Wilton has met with an acci dent. I am afraid it will upset his daughter. I should like you to call and see her tomor jx-w morning.' This was the only reference Eustace made to Mr. Smellie's visit, greatly to Lily's satis faction; for she had been inclined to fear that her troubles would be increased by & renewal «t his odious attentions. Arthur was to spend Christmas withi his father and mother at Torquay, and Buby de . 8ii-ed to see him before he left Crockhurst on .Christmas Eve. 'Please ask papa to come and see me,' she whispered, when, after a few constrained remarks, he was about to leave her room. ''You don't mean to say he has not been to see you yet?' Ruby sorrowfully shook her head. In deed she was scarcely surorised at the. noor welcome the child had met with. Haying promised to do his best to send Mr. Wilton upstairs, Arthur at once began his persuasion. 'There's plenty; of time,' was the answer, and he appeared anxious to put the matter Aside. Presently he rose from the sofa and began to hobble about the room with his stick. 'Js— is the child like— like anybody?' he de manded. ' 'Buby thinks he is like his father. I cannot pay I noticed it.' 'I shan't go up to-day: perhaps to-morroww If I don't see it, I hear it.' ♦♦If Ruby does not see you she will begin to wonder what is up,' said 'Arthur. 'Upon my honor you make me ?wonder too, Wil ton/* These words had a visible effect- on Mr. Wil ton,, who, after a slight demur, hobbled to the door, and slowly ascended the narrow stair case. '* Arthur was not altogether surprised at his hesitation; the child was the outward and visible sign of his daughter's shame, since Hastings had not lived to carrv out his inten tions. Knowing her great loss had been his gain, unable to get rid of a feeling of indebt edness to Ruby, he spared no effort to make her path smooth. 3H&. Wilton left Ruby's bedroom, and made his way slowly downstairs. *^eU — ' began Arthur, coming cheerfully f y to meet him. When he saw Mr. Wilton's face his tone suddenly changed. 'Toil look , as If you had seen a ghost,' he added. MI haver-I have! No, what am, I saying? jpfcood Heavens! how like he is!' f Ton. are as bad as Ruby,',, answered 'Ax ? thur, giving him an arm into the room; «eVery bit as bad. Your eyes are better than mine. I could see no likeness; just a lump pt red and white, especially red—like nothing Jn the world but itself.' As he walked home some time later he^ felt uneasy about Mr. Wiltom A change had been at work 'in him ever since Ruby's de parture eight or nine mrinths ago. It seem ed strange that a wound on the foot should show its principal result 4n the head; but it was assuredly since his accident that the change had beconie.more marked. Arthur began to ask himself seriously whether much trouble was not making Mr. Wilton mad. CHAPTER XXV.— FRESH EVIDENCE. For the first time since Eustace Armytage had lived at Crockhiirsf, the Vicarage was to be full of visitors, and upon Lily fell the duty of entertaining sundry nephews and nieces, some of them almost as old as herself. The visitors were to arrive on the afternoon of Christmas Eve. On the morning before Christmas Day Lily set out a little earlier than usual, very proud of the sealskin jacket that Eustace had given her as a Christmas box, and which, with the small- fur hat to match it, suited her ad mirably, as no doubt she knew. In order to leave the contents of her basket with Mrs. Davies, she must cross Mr. Smel lie's fields, passing Hall's Hole, and- entering the lane opposite Sir Hastings Edenbridge's park gates. It was no wonder Lily walked fast that morning; it was just the day for a sharp walk, and Scotty seemed to enjoy it as much as his mistress. Even the frost did not make Hall's Hole cheerful, and John Davis, busy removing faggots from the only remaining stack, look ed as dismal as his surroundings. This was the remnant of the identical stack by the side of which had been found the body of Hastings Edenbridge. It stood less than half its original height, rising only about two feet from the earth, and, in another week, would probably be removed from its face. 'Good morning, John,' said Lily, leaving the path and walking to the side of his wheelbarrow. 'A merry Christmas to you.' 'Christmas ain't o' much account to ine,' answered Davis, taking the handles of the barrow hi his hands. 'I would not say that,' she said, gently; 'it is a grand time for us an, John.' 'Hullo,' cried Davis, hastily moving on with his loaded barrow, 'here's the governor,' and looking round, Lily, to her great annoy ance, found herself face to face with Mr. Smellie. ? 'Good morning, Miss Lily. John Davis is a lucky chap,' he said, scowling at the man, whilst he almost swent the tall grass with his hat. 'Now, then, Davis, don't loiter about here. I wouldn't so much mind chang ing places with Davis if you would come to see me,' he added. 'What's the dog after now?' 'Scotty, Seotty,' she called, but Seotty still stood with his forepaws resting against the faggot stack. The stack was only half its original width, and the side, against which leaned the dog, had formerly been the centre. ''Good dog; come here!' said Lily, patting her dress to tempt him to her side. But Seotty only looked at her with his tongue out, and then, thrusting his nose between two of the bundles of faggots, continued to scratch at them as furiously as «ver. 'He's after something.' said Smellie. 'Here, Davis, come and lay hold of this brute, will you?' Whilst Davis held Scotty by the collar, Mr. Smellie thrust his hand cautiously in where the dog's nose had recently been, and brought to light a piece of rag, roughly screwed up, and stained red. 'Hullo!' exclaimed Mr. Smellie, looking seriously towards Lily. 'There's been mis chief here. This is a lucky find. I smell a rat, Miss Lily.' Lily grew sick with terrible foreboding, whilst Smellie smoothed out the stiffened rag on the top of the stack. 'You may let Scotty go now, John,' said Lily, and returning to his work, Davjs passed out of earshot. 'That's blood,' began Mr. Smellie, pointing to the stains with a finger shaking in his eagerness, 'that's what it is— blood! It looks more like a pockethandkerchief than any thing I know of. If I'm not mistaken, Miss Lily — and I'm not often mistaken — your dog has performed a remarkable public service. It strikes me that between us— between yon and me— we've found a very-. -valuable piece of evidence.' 'What do you mean? I don't— I don't un derstand you, Mr. Smellie,' she faltered, clenching her hand over a piece of stick, just as a runner grasps the corks. *'I'm not a fool,' he answered. 'There's no doubt in my mind that whoever placed this handkerchief here is the man who killed Hastings Edenbridge. Pockethandkerchiefs. don't get stained with blood every day, and if they do people have them washed when if s all square. No, Miss Lily, this handker chiefs a valuable bit of evidence, and all we've got to do— you and me— all we've got to do is to identify it. It's enough to hang him— whoever he is; and I'm the man to see justice done.' 'But,' she said, 'you are making a mis take, Mr. Smellie. You forget that at the time of Hastings Edenbridge's death this stack was almost twice its present size. This' piece of rag, which you say is a handker chief, mnst have been placed here when the stack was building. By way of reply, Mr. Smellie -shifted a few bundles of wood from the top of the pile, and placed them at the side; thus piecing out the stack to its original width, as was proved by the varying shades of the grass. Then, tak ink his walking-stick, he laid it on the top of the faggots he had just removed1; showing that, however it may have come hi the posi tion in which it 'was found, the handkerchief had lain about the length of an ordinary walking-stick from the original outer edge of the stack. . . 'This is how it was done,' Mr. Smellie .ex claimed, triumphantly. ..Placing the hand-^ kerchief round the ferrule of his stick, he thrust it a few inches into the stack. 'You see, it was easy enough; Miss Lily,' he con tinued, bringing his little twinkling eyes to bear on her face; 'all we've got to do now is to find out the owner. There's sure tobe a mark about it somewhere,' and once more smoothing out the handkerchief, he began to examine it inch, by inch. 'Here we are! Tve got him!' he exclaim ed, with unmistakeable satisfaction, and Lily leaned forward to look also, (To be continued.) 