Ghost of Hawksley Letters. Can a ghost be "laid"? Leaving that general question unanswered, it really looks as if the ghost of tho Hawksley letters caunot bo so dealt with. Before the late Parliament was dissolved Mr. Chamberlain said in the House of Commons that there were no such letters ; and that, therefore, they could not be produced. Luring the late election campaign Mr. Philip Stauhope, who is supposed to know somethingabout theletters, mado a certain statement concerning them. He said that Mr. Chamberlain had "white washed" Mr. Rhodes at tho bidding of & member who threatened to read compromising letters connected with tho Jamesoni raid ; to which Mr. Chamberlain replied by saying that it was " a characteristic untruth." Mr. Stanhope rejoined in these words : "Sir,— A telegram from you, read to-night at your meeting, describes a statement of mine as 'a characteristic untruth.' Without stooping to qualify tho vulgarity of your language, I have now the honour to formally state to you that I am prepared to substantiate in a court of law every statemeut I have made con cerning you. — Yours, Philip Stanhope." Following upon the. above, Mr. Hawksley has made a statement. He said that "he knew no ground for believing that when Mr. Chamberlain made his speech in the House of Commons iu July, 1897, the right hon. gentleman had any reason to suppose that, whether ho said what was or was not agree able to those who might be desoribed as re presenting Mr. Rhodes's interests, he made those observations under any apprehension of a threat as to what would occur regarding his statements. It would not he fair to say that nobody knew more than ho (tho speaker) did with regard to the occurrences at the end of July, 1897, hut, while he had little or no sympathy with Mr. Chamberlain's political or Imperialistic views, he did not think it was right to allow such a statement or suggestion as hud been advanced, to go forward as in any way un accurate statement of what occurred. As to the Committee of Inquiry, he considered tho report issued was eutjroly unjustified by the evidence submitted, but Mr. .Ohamberlain only did what might havo been expected, what was right and proper, in making the observations he did on the subject of that report in regard to Mr. Rhodes. ' That Mr. Chamberlain did so under any threat was entirely untrue. If there had been any threat ho (Mr. Hawksley) would have known about it. It was true that Mr. Ohamberlain signed tho report of the committee, aud how he reoonoiled that signature to himself, he (the speaker) could not say, but' that was a very different thing from saying that Mr. Cham berlain made statements in the House of Commons under a threat. He was very glad to have had an opportunity of pointing out to Mr. Stanhope that, while he spoke what he believed to be true, no doubt he went too fai/ when ho said Mr. Chamberlain made his speech under auy threat whatever. It was'due to Mr.. Chamberlain to make1 that statement, and he wosglad to make it at ameeting of Liberals.' Mr. Chamberlain may be puzzled in trying to detormine whether Mr. Hawksley is a friend or a foe ; .but he appears to . have given him self away on the prinoiple that a man who is his own lawyer has a fool for, a olient ; for, in replying to Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Chamber lain is reported to have said, "I am not to ; be blackmailed by Stanhope or any one else. There is no correspondence to piove my complicity with the raid, which I did my utmost to stop." This is an admis sion that he knew of " the plan, of the proposal to raid the Transvaal, and, so far as we are aware, it always has been alleged that i he did not know anything about it. It was . stranjKc,, indeed, if he could nob sto# euch e thing, and yet could send an army largo enough to conquor tho two recalcitrant republics. Further reply awaited. . 