Her S©l!di©r Lover ? ,£i. 'GHAPTERXyi.— (ConliniioJV Lord Grevillolcd the way through si d.:rnly- ' lighted- corridor, directly undnr the main Btairoa!C,.iialil;lho passage was barred by n great dio , which at. .lirst. Right appeatod lo boa | art ( f the Eolid ina'ioiiry. * Beyond this was yet another' door,' 'oh Bim.lar 'mivngth and- proportions, t ht* intervening spnc 'being occupied by a colossal figure 111 armo'ir; the great mailed handy grasped;, a~; -b.it tle-axe,' Bvvuug'liigh in tho nir. -** ** * ' * Margaret shrank .back with a littlo cry of fear, then she laughrd ttf her own lolly. 'Pardon me* the Earl said, a note of tender-' ness and regret in his deep musical voice; 1 1 ought to have warned you. Iu the ; half \- light it ia eaey to imagine that lierce eyes aro glaring upon us through .tho eyelets of ' ; tbe steel casque. ' ' : / ... When the socoiul door Bwung open; Margaret Lyndon's wondering eyes b'ebelcS r-, the mysterious eastern chamber, or 'Groyille'B Folly, 'as it bad at one time been called. . A little gasp of astonishment and delight escaped her, and sho clasped her hands iu childish fashion. Tho young Earl's faco ? a bad grown pale, and his lips twitched. 'Welcome to the chapol, Mrs. Lyndon !' he said quietly. Ho turned half round, and ;tho door closed upon thorn. ' Wo are safe from your friendB now. You aro not afraid?' 'No — I am not afraid. What is there * to be afraid of ?' He pointed to au inscription over the door. 'You must read that wheu your eyes become accuBtomed to the half-light. Now lft t us go forward;' ; .-..i There was a Bhort pillared aisle which eeemtid to terqjinnto iu an intricate network of arcades and liiches lilied with ? quaintly carved figurer. A half-crituso'n, half-golden light filtered through tho rich curtains that' draped the groat archway at tho.ond of - the \- ^aisle. When these wore pushed asido, Margaret found herself in a large, oval chamber, which was steopodin an atmosphere of golden gloom. There was only ono window- r-a perfect oriel of stained glass, crowded with saints, whoso gorgeous robeB gleamed crimson, azure, and gold. Tho walls ?were draped with tapestry of wonderful texture and design ; tho floor was covered ?with rich turkey carpets as soft as moss. The furniture \was purely Oriental, tho blending or the whole producing an circct at onco bewildering and beautiful. Under the 'window was a marblo fountain, the perfumed waters of which fell into a basin bonoath in dropB of many-coloured gems, making fairy music that lulled and soothed tho sensep. Above the fountain a beautifully-sculptured figure of Flora held forth a bo wl of odorous flowers. . Margaret Lynden stood'like one entranced \- . a beautiful picture in the golden shadows of this wonderful chamber. Lord Greville regarded her with fiercely-smouldering eyes. His heart was Btirred to its 'depths. Ho loved this girl, of saintly loveliness — though Bhe y. as another man's * wife— the wife of a beggarly soldier! He. knew that it was madness, but he believed that it was fate. ; Her face was enraptured— the Render ? lips were half parted, while the crimeonand orange gleamB from tho stained window deepened tho gold in the strands of her BhiniDg hair. ? . ? ? .????' ? ,'Tou are pleased, Mrs-.-vLynden ? he murmured in her ear. , 'Pleased is scarcely the word, Lord Greville. I am filled with wonderment, ' reverence, , and awe !' , 7' ' Then I am well repaid. : I can even bless the memory of my evil, eccentric grandfather, who is responsible for all that you see here. r, ? .? ? r j: ? ^ -..ii i OometimcB x iuuuj i/iitku uiD spirit Btin Daunts ' the place,' he added half musingly: He turned to a recess, and flinging back a heavy velvet'curtain, revealed an elaborately carved organ. ' Do you play, Mrs. Lynden r I have plenty of sacred music here. I amuse myself in variouB ways in this chamber of mysteries. | ? I am an enthusiastic musician. ; \- ' Then you must play to me, :LorcL Greville, lam sui'e that! B.hould bo unable to concentrate my thoughts upon anything now.' ' Tour slightest wish' iB law ! ' Ho -bowed and Bmiled, but hia'black eyes were aflame and his hand tiemb'ed rsd'that ho. .found?a difficulty1' in 'lighting the wax tapirs* set in the ailver candehibra'ront either side of the; organ. . Ilhrtf-yoiV' any^ priifereiic°- Mr?. Lynden ?''Wa*la'u, seating himself before the jnuBici1 . v ' ' ' ' ' ' / ' - ? - i - ' ? ' Nc,'- ropjiud' Margaret family.- . II ia fingers glided, over ? tho' lceyd, aiitl tho chamber was filled with a iiiyst ti, dreamy melody;' Ho IuhI tho exquisilo i ouch ol a master-baud, aud Margaret's l'aeo was; soon wet .witlv (ears. Sholgazed upat the painted ' - roof, with its .arabocquo. carvings, - andf aw that it waa crowded with angel- facts. They were smiliug- Hlown-upqu , her .litTlia fojiiitaiu, was murmuring a aweot autlvrhytlituical s;)n?, tho waiera'i^Jliug.iu.'BhowerH i , .oI iridoscai t drops. Was this earth/or a yliuipto of bouiu '??bett'cr'-world'?-;.Thoi- orgaii'..bur8fc.-''.into..-fullcr. Bound/ and Jvord Grovillti's impassioiieU' voice jjoae to- the painted angles above ;hiui. ; .. tTT.'il. unnw:«liit'AS»VMl - fi.nrt vffurnimi'l.H of IIM . OUU'.:!'-'-- . ? J 'Hains, , Sho stands boforo thee.- who . so^long ago ' Filled thy, young{hearJi- with -.passion and the woe t t Froth wliich thy song aud. all. ita splendours caire. '- - Andj- while iwithiBtcrn robuko Bhojapoaka^thy ? (name- - ; , #. .The' ice about thy heart' melts' as the . snow, t , , ... ... - On fountain heights, ) arid inswiftovo'rflow Comes gushing fromthy lips in sobsof shame. Thou makest full confeasion ; and : a gleam, AbU thedawn ou some dark forest' cast, Seems on thy lifted forehead to increase ; ' Lethe and Eunoe — the remembered dretim And the forgotten sorrow— bring at last That perfect pardon -which is perfect peace, ?s I lift mine eyes, and all the windows blaze ' With forms of saints and holy men who Here martyred, and hereafter gloryfied ; And the great Eose upon its leaves displays Christ's triumph, and the angelic rondelays, With Bplendour upon splendour multiplied; Arid Beatrice again at Dante's side No more rebukeB, but smiles her words of praise. And then the organ sounds, and unseen ?s' . . choirs Sing the old Latin hymns of peace and And' benedictions of the Holy Ghost ; And the melodious bells among the spireo O'erall the house-tops, and through heaven above, - ( Proclaim the elevation', of / the Host ! . 7, (To bo continued.) J 