THE VANISHES SQOIRE OF CRAYSY/09D CHASE. B" S. 13, Cooper, in "Newcastle Weekly Chronicle.”- . "And that Is Jasper Grayswood, tho Vanished Squire!”'-' .Tack Grayswood. and 1 were dawdling away * very wet morning In the picture gallery of Grayswood Chase, when he suddenly stopped before tile portrait of a very handsome man and mode tile above remark. "The Vanished Squire!” I repeated ; "that Is an odd designation, how did he manage to earn It?” ’■ "Simply by disappearing for good and all one night, and leaving no clue as to how or why he went," Jack replied. "Queer that,” I commented. "Who was tlie next heir? Perhaps he could have accounted for it?” "No; I should fancy not. Ho and Ilia brother Ralph, the next in succession— there he Is" (Jack pointed to a dark-fea tured man with no pretensions to good looks, and with evil lines round Ills rather cruel-looklng mouth), "had al ways b.een on the most affectionate terms; besides, Ralph was away In the Nortli at the time, and did not return for fully a week after. The likeliest expla nation,, in my opinion, is that Jasper left the house to keep a secret appointment w*th some of the Royalists (the Grays woods .were staunch Jacobites, and it was just after the battle of Worcester), and fa'-Ung in with some of the other party was made away with. However, one thing is certain; after supping as usual with the chaplain, he retired to his room and was never seen again.” "If he departed under such mysterious circumstances, I should think Ills ghost ought to walk,” I suggested Jokingly. "So It does, or at least there is some thing uncanny about his room, though what K is has never been exactly known; the only two people who ever tried to sleep In It after hlB disappear ance having been found—so the tale runs —ravliTg madmen In the morning. But to spend a night In that gloomy hole would be almost enough to turn one’s brain without anything supernatural to help, according to my fancy. It Is in th» old part of the house—do you care to have a look at It?" I assented; so we left tlie gallery and made our way into the west wing, the only part of tile original mansion still sanding. The room certainly waa gloomy enough. It was a large low apartment, panelled all round with oalc which had become- black with age. Tho ceiling was of the same wood, arid at each of its corners was a projecting cr.rved head, a hideous, grotesque object, that looked like a goblin peeping through from the floor above. The only light was admitted through one narrow window, a mere silt, high up In the wall. Tlie hangings to that and the huge bedstead, which looked as If it ha" been made to accommodate a whole family; were of a dark, dingy green. The furniture was also of blackened oalc. "I say, Jack,’'I’m bothered If I won’t try la night here,” I said, when I had taken In all these details. What induced me to come to that reso lution 1 could not have explained, for I certainly was not then a believer In the supernatural. Jack laughed. "Not If I know It; you won’t! I’m not going to be responsible for the overthrow of your mental balance, old chap," he said. • “If you want to go ghost-hunting, you had better’watch for Ralph’s. It is said that it may be seen entering the little door In tlie north wall and creeping up the turret stairs to this wing. If you put on your overcoat, you’ll be more comfortable than In this dungeon of a place." But this proposal did not present any at tractions to me; I was possessed with the fancy to spend a night in Jasper’s room, and, being an obstinate, man, X sopn over ruled all, Jack’s..objections. • When bedtime came,.'instead of going to the comfortable bedroom the housekeeper had prepared for me, I provided myself with a good supply of rugs and cushions, and repaired to the mysterious apart I hod no idea of looking for a ghost; my only wish was to sleep In tho room: so I rolled iriyself in the rugs, and, lying down on the top of the bed, I soon entered the land.of dreams. ’ • I had slept for some time, when 1 was suddenly awakened- by an intense cold ness on my right side. It was as If a block of lee had been laid beside me. I got off the bed, Intending to get another wrap from the chair on which I had plac ed it; but even as I did so my eye fell on the pillow I’ had just quitted — another sleeper was there, and his face was the face of the Vanished Squire,Jasper Grays •Half doubting the evidence of my. senses, I stood gazing at the . apparition ■ till a alight sound near the door caused me to look in that direction. I had just-time enough to see Ralph Grayswood enter-the room. Tie wos- wearing a riding suit, the mud stains on which and the blood on the rowels of Tils spurs plainly indi cating that lie had ridden both fast and far. ■ 1 . i !■ >. I v He stood looking Into the room for a mo ment,-and then,, advancing to the bedside, he shook the sleeper sharply. The latter’s, eyes opened almost imme diately, and,-as they did so his brother bent over him, his lips moving as If lie were speaking, though no sound audible to my ears escaped them. That he was indeed making some Important communi cation was evident from the. Intense ex citement his brother evinced, and the. haste with which he sprang from the bed and began to put on Ills dressing gown; at the same tlijie lie appeared to bo questioning Ralph with the utmost eager hen lie had finished his scanty toilette, ;oolc tlie lighted, lamp which his bro \- had placed on the table, and, crossing room, he drugged one, of the heavy rs- beneath a small picture about nine ics square. He mounted the chair quickly, removed, this picture from the on Which lt;)iung; thei}. lie passed his ers down the middle'of the vacant re, evidently’ pressing somewhat heav tlll that part'of'the pannelllng sudden-1 llsappeared, leaving a- dark aperture In size .than the . .picture,. Jasper ist his arm t|irouglT tills, apparently ing for some object lower down Inside, a, few minutes later, the whole side of room began tp glide awajr, stopping r when an, opening from iloor to ceil of about two feet wide ijas exposed. :h brothers passed through this, and ie'ntly began to descend some steps, they went’ gradually lower and lower, they quite disappeared, .11 this time I had1 been watching m as If they had been but actors on boardB qf a theatre, and now I.walt to see what would hapen next, as one lt3'for the rising of tho curtain on the t scene of a new and Interesting ploy, n about, ten minutes Ralp re-appeur -ftlone, and with a look-of malevolent jmph on his saturnine countenance, replaced'the panelling, restored the turo to its place, and, after a glance ind tho room,, hurried to tho door and nt out, ■ ■, . )■- - ,, jho mystery-of Jasper Grayawoods appearance was at last cleared up ! s brother had murderod ^hlm. and, jbtless, his bones-.were;still • mouwer \- In spmb’ secret underground cham, Iph ; had ’returned -unjutpwn to yoiie. apd entered1 tlie. house by some ito means (perhaps, by that door la .11.' -J. tlio turret stairs of which Jack had' spoken), executed his fell purpose, and j retired unseen, to return later In such a manner that no suspicion could well fall on him. I felt that X must find that hidden, unhallowed grave; hut I must confess my courage was not equal to undertak ing the task alone, and so, though it was only half past one, X went to arouse “You've been dreaming, old man,” he said, with a laugh, when he was at last sufficiently awake to comprehend what I had to tell him. "Why, there isn't such a place as you describe! My uncle sliow ' ed me all the secret passages and hid ing-places, and there isn't one near that room. Just you trot off and go to bed —in your own room, and in the morning I’ll initiate you into the mysteries.” But X was positive what I had seen was no dream, and at length Jack got up—"to go on a wild goose chase," as he grumbllngly said. It was easy enough to take the picture down, but to find the hidden spring was another thing, and Jaolc became more and more positive of Its non-existence. Let’s go to bed, and not stop here making such blessed asses of ourselves,” he said at length; crossly. But at that very instant my fingers lighted on the spring; to find the one be low was less difficult as there was a pro jecting knob, and then, to my friend’s intense astonishment,, the wall movcU ns I had described. He was now as eager as myself for further' exploration, and we began to descend the. steps. They were very narrow and steep, winding spirally till they landed us in a long passage, which ended in another tortuous flight. "Where the dickens are wo getting; to?” asked Jack, as we went down these; “the knowledge of this place'.must have got lost somehow; for I’m certain my uncle did not know of it.” Thelast3tepleft us facing an Iron clam ped door,secured withtwoimmcnBebolts. With Dame difllculty we withdrew these and dragged the door open, to find our selves on the threshold of a small chain- ' ber, in the centre of which was a couch, and on the couch dn object at which we both gazed with bated breath. It was a man, or .rather, the remains The dryness of the atmosphere had shrivelled the remains to a mummy in stead of allowing them to decay in the usual way, and, it was easy to recognise ; the features as those of Jasper Grays- ’ On a small table was a . lamp, long since burned dry, and a set of tablets, on which was written:— "If my remains are ever found, lpt the' finder know that they are those of a murdered man, and that the murderer Is my brother, Ralph. He roused, me from sleep.lost night, telling me that His Majesty tile IClng was in the neigh borhood seeking a safe hiding-place, and the -, expressing a desire to see that all was 111 readiness In this place (we had somewhat prepared it for this purpose'' long ago), he lured me down here, where, taking advantage of my back being turned, he closed tlio. door and left me. Of rescue I' know there is no hope, for none could hear my cries, and none know of this chamber save lie and I, it being always'the rule of bur house that its ex istence be revealed to but two of its members at the same time. Mzy my death come speedily!—Jasper Grays A few nights later, a coflln was smug gle;’. down that secret stairway, nnd the remains of the unfortunate man were quietly carried away to tile family vault. 