THE Sea-Cliff Towers Mystery, J. D. H E N N E S S E Y , Author of " Wyuuum," " The Dis-Honorable," "An Australian Bush Track," Lost Identity," "The New-Chum Farmer," etc. etc. (ALL BIGHTS RESE&VED;). CHAPTER XXII. THI SET. CHEI-TOPH£R. BROADFACE A GHOST. SEES It is no doubt nt»ces a-y there should bo sneaks in life; but for all 1 hat we none of us like tlieui. The private detective is one of them; the seIf- iinpoi"tant, highminded citizen, who, for the public good, goes about with a gimlet in his pocket to make spy boles so that be may {five evidence of the ill deods of his neighbours, is another; the sir bov uf tiie family, who, when ho cannot yet H'iiat he esteems to be a fair share of the plunder, ^oea off to tell mother that someone else is eating the jam, furnishes auotber example. These aud others are all moro or less useful iu their way. But It is singular, too, how men of rare ability, aud in other lvspecLs of distinguished ({ua'itius, wiii sometimes develop a habit of u.n-bauring- unworthy su -pijious, aud acquire euou^h of the sneak character to aanoy aud seriously inconvenience their acqunmiiances. From a public point of view, the Itev. Christopher Broadface was an al'-rotuid exceptionaiiy able man. In the pui^it he looked at least half a head taller than be really wis, Lis ui -mier there wa-> subdued and dignified, his elocutionary powers hare already been referred to, aud he put an amount of heart and expression into his ministrations which caused him to be very generally popular with such of his parishioners as had no closer knowledge of liim. Not that his everyday mode of life invariably met with disfavour—with the majority of the women folk, and a few old women of the masculine Bex—he was a great disciplinarian ; at inquiries into character, especially of young women, and the like, he was an adept. A petty scandal was meat and drink to him, and a ladies' sewing meeting a place of delights. But the broadfaced little man had a very small soul, hence Grace Strong and the Doctoi had never taken to him, and the reader will not be surprised to know that Beatrice BaJJantyue very soon came to share tbeir distrust. There is always something in the very air of a man who labitually carries a gimlet in his coat-tail pocket which puts honest, thorough-going unsu-picicus people njxm their guard; and it was so in this case. He thought himself an eligible suitor for the hand of the mistress of Sea Cliff Towers, but Beatrice Ballantyne wou'd no more liave mated with such a rran than she would with her gardener or lier ^roeiu. A large-hearted woman like Beatrice might have loved a scapegrace, but she never could have given her heart to a lua i she suspected of being a sneak. It is strange, by the way, tLat a brother or a tister may be so dissimilar in character. Alice Broadface possessed the oppos to qualities to her brother, which perhaps accounted for the friendship which existed between herself and Grace Strong-. Neither the latter nor the Doctor could feel at all cot dial to the clergyman, but with the sister they were thoroughly at home. It has been stated that both the detectives and certain officers of the police force had l»een actively searching for Mrs. Dalbert for several days, but without success, and yet the very night on which Bruce and Seymour brought up the body of Raymond fiallantyne, she was in the vicinity of Sea-Cliff Towers. She had not heard of the arrest of Seth Hosedale, and not gui£sing that the officers of the law were following her track, she had come out to Sea-Oliff in the hope of meeting with Hosedale, there being very important reasons why she wished to see him at once. It was quite nine o'clock when, passing across the co i mon, Mr. Broadface saw a woman in front of him whom he took to be Mrs. Dalbert; he followed her for some distance, to find out if possible; but she had hurried on towards Fernville. Having 6eeu her enter the house, and knowing that tlie detectives were back at the Towers, he hurried there to give them information which might, ho thought, lead to her arrest. There was also another inducement; he thought that Dr.'"Strong had an unfair advantage for securing the £t>«id graves of Miss Ballantyne, and he wanted an excuse for calling at an unusual hour tv-learn something jf possible of U10 gouei-al progress of affairs. Hurrying cn> sana, common, he might have been heard saying to himself: " Strong is evidently making the best of his opportunities, and will work himself into the favor ot Miss Ha Iantyne as much as he poisil'ly cau. it ;e a great pity there has been aii this temble trouble at the Towers, but, as the proverb saye, ' It's an ill wind that blows no one any good," and it is evident Strong is making the most of it." He walked up the avenue and across the lawn to the terrace facing the front of the mansion. Here, to his surprise, he found the large ball-door wide open. There were lights shining in numerous window* of the house, and the thought occurred to him to walk straight into the 'haunted chamber,' where ho had heard the two detectives were quartered, and give them the information direct, without, in the first instance, arousing $he inmates of the mansion. " No doubt they have left the entranoe door open for the sake of the fresh air thij hot night," he said. There -was no one about so he stepped into the hall and coughed and waited a moment; but there was no response. The door leading into the haunted room was light in front of him. He hesitated a minute, but then walked across and opened it. A light burnt dimly, and near the window he saw a figure sitting in a chair. " Is that yvu, Mr. Bruce ?" he asked in a hesitant aud i .getieal tone of voioe. There was no : es^-ouse whatever. " He must be asleep," lie whispered to himself. " And no wonder," he continued, " "eeing the time that they bare been op, and the knocking about they have had! It looks more like Bruce than Seymour. J will touch him and awaken him." Anyone who has placid his hand upon the long dead body of a corpse ivili knowhow different the feeling is when compared to warm, palpitating flesh. On feeing the shoulder Mr. Broadface was 1 tat tied and at onoe turned around to look at the face. " My Qod !" he exclaimed, " it's Raymood BalUntyne Ho atood for a moment in the dim light giuing at the feaiful thing in front of tiim, and ttit*n turin-d aud absolutely flod. Iu his liaftle lie collided ngainst trees aud shrubs, Lut he f l.iygejvU on wore like drunk<n im.n than n iii-lily-ro«|iecUible clergyman. Ouc<t oulni<k> tuc big white gate and clear of I bo g<ouuJ-, he Lieathed more freely, but his while tip* were compie^sed, and he quickened his ijwe homeward 