LOVE WORKS WONDERS. A By BERTHA M. CLAY. CHAPTER XXXIX (Continued). Pauline looked at hitn ; those dark eyes that had in them no shadow said of infinite pity and Borrow, now seemed to penetrate his soul, and he shrank from the glance. 'Elinor ! ' he cried, ' You beliove me, surely ? ,MisB Darroll has always bitterly hated you, and this is her revenge.' ' Lady Darrell,' cried tho girl, ' I am ashamed of my haired and ashamed of my desire of vengeance. Tboro is no humiliation which I would not submit to for my faults, but every word that I have Baid to you is quito true.' Once more with deeply troubled eyes Lady Darrell looked from one to the other ; once more she sadly murmured : ' Heaven holp mo I Which am I to believe ? ' Then Captain Aubery LangtoD, with a light gay laugh, said : ' Is the farce ended, Lady Darrell ? You see there is no tragedy after all.' Paulino turned to him, and in the light of that noblo faco hie own grew moan and weak. \- 'Captain Langton,' she said, 'I appeal to whatover there is of goodnoss and justice in you. Own to tho truth. You need not bo afraid of it — Lady, Darrell will not injure you. She will think bettor of yon if you confess than if yon deny. Tell her that you were led into error, and trust to her kindness for pardon.' ' She speaks well,' observed Lady Darrell, slowly. 'If you aro guilty, it is better to tell me so.' Ho laughed again, but Iho laugh was not pleasant to hear. Pauline continued : - ' Let the evil rest whero it is, Captain Lang- ton ; do uot mako it aDy greater. In yonr heart yon know that you havo no great love for this lady — it is her fortuno that attracts you. If you marry her, it will only be to' make her un happy for life. Admit your fault and leave her in peace.' ' You aro a" remarkably free-spoken young lady, Miss Darroll — you have quite an orna mental flow of words. It is fortunate that Lady Darrell knows you, or she might be tempted to bclievo you. Elinor, I rest my claim on this— since you have known Miss Darrell, have you ever received one single act of kindnoss irom her, one kind word even.' Lady Darroll was obliged to answer : " 'No.' . A ' "Then I leave it,' ho said, ' to your sense of justice which of us you are to believe — her . who, to anger you, ewoirs to my guilt, or me, who swears to my innoconce ? Elinor, my love, you caunot doubt me.' . Pauline saw her eyes soften with unutterable tenderness — he saw the faint flush rise on her fair face. Almost involuntarily Lady Darroll drew near to him. 'I cannot boar to doubt you, Aubery,' she . said. ' Oh, speak the truth to me, for my love's sake ! ' ' I do speak the truth. Come with me, loavo Miss Darroll for a while. Walk with mo across the lawn, and I will toll you what respect for Miss Darrell prevents my sayiug here.' Lady Darroll turned to Pauline. 'I must hear what ho has to Bay— it isv only just.' , I will wait for you,' sho replied. Tho captain was always attentive; he wont out into the hall and then relumed with a shawl that he found there. ' You cannot go out with those beautiful arms uncovered, Elinor,' he said, gently. He placed the shawl around her, tryiDg io hide the coward, trembling (ear. ' As though I did not love you,' ho said, re, proachfully. 'Show me another woman only half as fair.' Pauline made one more effort. 'Lady Darrell,' sho oried, with outstretched ' hands, ' yon will not decido hastily— you will take time to judge ? ' But as they -passed out together, something in tho deliaato face told her that her love for Aubery Langton was tho strongest element in her nature. ' Lady Darrell,' she oried again, ' do not listen to bim 1 I swear I have told you the truth- Heaven will judge between him and mo if I havo not.' ' You must havo studied tragedy at the Porto Sc. Martin,' said Aubery Langton, with a forced laugh; 'Lady Darrell knows which to believe/ She . watched them across the lawn, Captain Langton pleading earnestly, Lady Darrell's face softening as she listened. ' I am too late 1' cried tho girl, in au agony of self-reproach. 'All uiy humiliation is in vain; sho will beliove him, and not me. I oannot save her now, bnt ono word spoken in timo might have done so.' Oh, tho bitterness of the self-repronoh that tortured hor— tho anguish of knowing that she could havo prevonted Lady Darrellls wrecking her whole life, yet had not done so ! It was no wouder that she buried her faoe in her hands, weopiDg and. praying as sho had never wept and prayed in her life before. ' Elinor, look at mo,' said Captain Langton ; ' do I look like a thief and a would-be murderer ? ' Out of Pauline's presence the handsome faoe had regained its usual carolesB, debonair expres sion. She raised her eyes, and he saw in them the ' lingering doubt, tho lingoring fear, \-- 'If all the world had turned against me,' he said, ' aud had refused to believe me, you, . Elinor, my promised wife, ought to have bad more faith.' But sho made no reply. There had been something in the energy of Pauhne'd manner that oarried something with it ; and the weak heart, the weak nature that had always relied upon others, oould form no decision unaided. ' For argument's sake, let us reverse tho ease. Say that some disappointed lovor of yours came to tell me that you had been discovered stealing; should I not have laughed ? Why, Elinor, you N must bo blind not to see the truth ; a child might discern it. The fact is that long ago I was foolish enough to believe myself in love with Miss Darrell ; and she — well honestly speaking, she is jealous. A gentleman does not like to refer to such things, but that is tho simple truth, She is jealous, and would part us if she could ; but sho shall not. My beauti ful Elinor i3 all my owu, and no half-crnxed, jealous girl shall come between us.' ' Is it so, Aubery ? ' asked Lady Darrell, ' My dearest Elinor, that is ths whole secret of Miss Darrell's conduct to me. She is jealous — and you know, I should imagine, what jealous women are like.' Sho tried to beliove him, but, when sho re called tho noblo face, with its pure light of truth, aud pity, she doubted again. But Captain Langton pleaded, prayed, invouted such ridicu'- ous stories of Pauline, made such fervent pro testations of lovo, lavished such tender 'words upon her, that the frail, weak, tender heart turned up to him onco more, and again all its doublings of bis honor were cast aside. 'How wo shall laugh at this in the happy after years!' ho said. 'It is really like a. drama. Oh, Elinor, I am so thankful that I, was here to save you! And now, my darling, you are trembling with cold. My fair; golden- haired Elmor, what must you think of that cruel girl ? How could she. do it ? No ; I will not go in again to-night — I should not bo able to keep my temper. Your grand tragedy heroine will be gone to- morrow.' Thoy stood together under the shadow of the balcony, and ho drow her nearer to him. . 'Elinor.' he said, 'I shall novor.rest until you are my wife. This plot has failed ; Miss Darrell will plot again to part lis. I cannot wait until the spring — you must be my wife before then. To-morrow morning I shall ride over and talk to you about it.' . , . x. She clasped her' arni3 around his neck, and raised hor sweet face to his. 'Aubery,' she said, -wistfully ; '.you are -not. deceiving mo ? ' v ' ' No, my darling, I am not.' I-Io bent down and kissed her lips. Sho looked at him again, pleadingly, wistfully. ' Heaven will judge between us, Aubery;' she said, solemnly. ' I have a suro conviction that I shall know the truth.' ' I hope Heaven will assist you,' he replied, lightly ; ' I am quito suro iho decision will be in my favor.' — And those words; so wickedly, so blusphcm- ously fulso, were the last ever ho Bpoke to her. CHAPTER XL. DYING IN SIN. ' Captain Langton left Lady Darrell at the door of the porch, and went round to tho stables, Ho was a man as utterly dovoid of principle as anyman could well be, yet tho untruths ho had told, the false testimony he had given, the falso oaths which he had taken, had shaken fiis nerves. ' I Elionld not care (o go through sueli a scene as that again,' he said — 'to stand before. two women as before my judges.' Ho found his hands unsteady and-his lips trembling; the horse :hs. had to rido was a spirited one. The captain had staggered as he placed his hand on the saddle. 'I am not very Well,' he said to one of tho .grooms; 'go to tho houso, and tell Frumpton, tho butler, to bring somo brandy hero.' In a few minutes the butler appeared with- a tray, on whioh stood bottle and glass. ' Ibis is somo very old brandy, Bir,' ho said, ' and very strong.' But Captain Langton did not apper to heed him ; be poured out half a tumblerful and drank it, while tho butler looked on in amazement. ' It is very strong,' ho repeatod. .' 1 know what I am doing/ returned tho cap tain, with an oath. Ho was dizzy with fear and- with his nfter- euccc-ss ; ho shuddered again as ho mounted his horse, aud tbo memory of Puuliue's words came him. Then., he galloped oil", and Frampton, turning to the groom, with a scared face, said : '.If ho gats home safely after taking so much of that brandy, and with. that horse, I will ven ture to say what I think again.'. ' Lady Darrell returned to the library, where she had loft Pauline, . They looked at each other in silence, nnd then Lady Darrell said : ' I— I beliavo in hiui, Pauline ; ho cannot be what you any.' / Miss Darrell rose and went up to her ; she plaoed her in a chair, and knelt at hor feet. 'You do not beliove what I have told you ? ' sho questioned gently. „ ' I oannot positively do so ; my lovo and my faith are all his.' ' I have done my best,' said Paulino, sorrow fully, 'and I oannot do more. While I live I shall never forgive myself that I did not speak sooner, Lady Darrell ; Elinor, I shall kneel here until you promiso to' forgive" liie.' -- : ' Then Lady Darroll looked at the beautiful . face, with- its expressions! humility. ;. Pauline,' slie Baid, suddenly, ' I hardly re cognize you. What, isnt that has como over you. What has changod yon ?' ... Her face crimson with hot blusho3, Punliijs answered hor. . . / _ ' It is to me,' sho said, ' as though a veil had fallen from boforo my eyes. I can seo uiy sin in all its enormity. I can seo to what silence has led, and though you may not believe mu,'I' shall nover rest until you say that you have for given me.! Lady Darrell was not a woman giveu to stroug emotion of any kind ; the doepest passion of hor life was hor lovo for Aubery Langton ; but oven- she oould give some faiut guess as to what it had oost the proud, wilful Pauline to undergo this humiliation. 'I do forgive you,' she said, ' no matter how deeply you havo disliked me, or in what way yon have plotted against ine, I cannot refuso you. I freely forgive you, Pauline.' Miss Darrell held up liar faee. 'Will you kiss me?1 she asked. ' I nover made that request in all my life before, but I make it to you now.' Lady Darroll stooped down and kissed her, while the gloom of ths oveuing fell around them and deeponod into night. ' If I only know what to believe 1 ' Lady Darrell remarked. 'First my heart turnsv to him, Pauline, aud then it turns to you. Yet both oannot be right — one must be most wicked and most false. You have truth in your faoe— i he hnd truth on his hps when ho was talking to me. Oh, if I only knew 1 ' And when she had repeated this many times, Pauline said to her : . 'Leave it to Heaven; ho has agreed that Heaven shall judge between us, and it will. Whoever has told the lie shall perish in it.' Somo hours passed, and the change that had come over Lady Darroll was almost pitiful to see. Her fair face was all drawn and haggard, tho brightness had left it. It was as though-, years of most bitter sorrow had passed over her. They had spoken to her of taking some refresh ments, but she had sent it away. She could do nothing but pace up and down with wearied Rtep, moaning that 6ho only wanted to know which was right, which to believe, while Paulino eat by her in unwearied patience. Suddenly Lady Darroll turned to her. 'What is tho inaltor with me?' Bho asked. ' I cannot understand myself ; the air seems full of whispers and portents — it is as though I were here awaiting some great event. What ami waiting for?' - They wero terrible words, for tho answer to them .was a great commotion in the hall — the sound of hurried footsteps — of ninny voices. Lody Darroll stood still in dismay. . ' What is it ? ' she cried. ' Oh, Paulino, I am lull of fear 1 ' It was Frampton who opened the door sud denly, and stood before them with a white, scared faco. ' Oil, my Iady-rmy Jodyl ' he gasped; 'Tell mo quickly!' cried Paulino ;' do you not seo that suspense is dangerous ? ' ; ' Ono of tho Court sorvanls,' said the butler, at once, in response, ' returning from Audleigh Royal, has found tbo body of Captain Langton lying in the high-road, whero his horse had thrown him, dragged him, and left him — dead I- ' Heaven be merciful to him I ' cried Pauline Darrell. ' Ho has died in his sin.' But Lady Darrell spoke no words. Perhaps she thought to herself that Heaven had indeed judged between them. She said nothing— she trembled — a gasping cry came from her, and she fell faeo forward ou the floor. Tliey raised her and carriod her upstairs, Pauline never loft her ; through the long night watches and the long days she kept her place by her side, while life and death fought fiercely for her. She would awake from her stupor at times, -only to ask about Aubrey— if it could be true that ho was dead — and then seemed thank ful that sho could understand no more. They did not think at first shat she could re cover. Afterward Doctor Helmstone told her that she owod her life to-Paulino Darrell's un changing lovo and care. ' CHAPTER XLI. , THE WORK OF ATONEMENT. The little town of Audleigh Reyal had never been so excited. It was such a terrible accident. Captain Langton, tho guest of Sir Petu- -Glynn, so soon to be master.of Darrell Court — a man so . handsome, so accomplished — and so universal a favorite — to be killed in the gloom of an autumn- night, on the high-road ! Sosiety was grieved and shocked. 'That beautiful young lady at tho Hal), .who lovod him so dearly, was,' people whispered to each other, ' at death's door — so deep was her grief.' An inquest was held at the ' Darrell Arms ' ; aud all the revelations ever made as the eause of Captain Laugton's death were made there. The butler aud the groom "at" Darrell Court sworo to having felt some little alarm at seeing the do- ceased drink more than half a tumblerful of brandy." The butler's prophecy that ho would never reach homo in safety was repeated. One of the men said that the captain' looked pale and scared, as though he had seen a ghost; another told how inadly he galloped away ; so no other conclusion could be come to but this — that he had ridden recklessly, lost ail control over his horse, and had been thrown. There was proof that tho animal had dragged him along the road for some little distance; audit was supposed tlio'fatal wound had been inflictod when his head was dashod against the mile-stone close to which ho had boon found, -y It was very shocking, very terrible. Society was distressed, The body lay at the ' Darrell Arms' until all arrangements had been made for the lunerak Such a funeral had never been in Audloigh Royal. - Rich and poor, every ono attended. - ; ' .-> : Captain Langton was-, buried in the pretty little cemetery . at Audleigh ; and people as they stood round the grave, whispered to each other that, although the horse that killed him had cost over a hundred pounds, Sir Peter Glynn had ordered it to be shot-. Then, when the autumn had faded into winter, the accident was forgotten. Something olse happened which drove it from poople's minds, nnd the tragedy of Audleigh Royal . became a thing of tho past. Paulino did not return to Omberloigh. Miss Hastings was terribly shooked when she recoived a lotter tolling her "of Captain Laugton's doath and Lady Darrell's serious illness. No per suasions could induce her to remain longer away. She returned the same day to tho Court, nnd insistod upon taking hor share in the nurs ing of Lady Darrell. Lady Hampton looked upon the oaptain's accident as the direct interposition of Provid ence. Of course, such a death was very Terrible ; but certainly it had never been a match she approved; and, after,. all, 6ay what one would, everything had happened lor the best. ' Lady Hampton wont-oveiq to Darrell Court, and assisted in attending to the invalid ; but her thought ran more upon Lord Aynsley, and the ohances of his renewing his offer, than of. any thing- else. Elinor would soon recovor, there was no fear ; tho shock to hor nerves had been great, but people never died of nervousness, and, when she did get woll Lady Hampton intended to propose a season in London. But Lady Darroll did not get well as soon as Lady Hampton had anticipated. Indeed, more than ono clever doctor, ou leaving her presenco, shook his head gravoly, and said it was doubtful whether Lady Darnell would ever recover at all ; the shock to hor nerves had been terrible. But there was something to be said also of a blighted life and a broken heart. Autumn had drifted into winter; and one morning Lady Darrell, who had boen sleeping more soundly than usual, suddenly turned to Pauline, who had seldom loft her. ' Pauline, "she whispered, ' you have not told anyone, have you ? ' ' Told what ? ' she inquired. 'About poor Aubery's faults. I know now that he was guilty. Strange, solemn thoughts, strange rovelations come to us, are uiado to us in sickness, when wo lie where I have been lying, in tho valley of the shadow of death. I know that ho was guilty, and that be died in his sin. 1 know it now, Pauline!' \- , Miss Darrell bent over and fervently kissed the white brow. 'Listen to me, dear,' continued the weak voice. ' Lot this secret die with us — let there bo a bond between us never to reveal it. Yon will never toft anyone about it, will -you, Pauline ? ' ' No,' bIio replied, ' never. I should never havo told you but that I hoped to save yon from u dreadful fate— and it would have been a dread ful fate for you to have married him ; he would have so misbehaved himself in the future that I fear he would have broken your loving heart.' ' It is broken now,' she said, gently. ' Yet it comforts mo to think that no reproach will be heaped on Aubery's memory.' ' ' You will get better,' observed Pauline, cheer fully aud hopefully, ' and then there will be happier days in store for you.' > 'There will bo no happy days for me,' re turned Lady Darrei), sorrowfully. ' You see, Pauline, I loved him very dearly — more dearly than I know. I had never loved anyone very mnol) until I ' Saw him. I could more easily have checked a raging fire than have restrained iny lovo after I had once given it to him. My life had in some mysterious way passed into his, and now I do not care to live.' 'But, my dear, you havo much to live for,' said Pauline. 'Not now. I do uot care for aught about me. I have tried to remember Darrell Court and all my wealth, and grandeur, but they give mo no pleasure — the shadow of doath lies ovor all.' ' »And it was all in vain, that Pauline tried to rouse her ;--Lady Darrell, after her unhappy love, never cared to be roused again. Lady Hamp ton would not think seriously of her illness — it would pass away in timo, sho said ; but Miss Hastings shook her head gravoly, and feared the worst. - The timo oame whon Pauline told some part of the story to the governess. She did not men tion Aubery's crime — that secret-she kept sacred until death— but she gave a sketch ol what had passed between hor and Lady Darrell. ' Did I do right? ' she asked Miss Hastings, with tbo Bweet humility which had vanquished all pride in her. ' ' You acted most worthily, replied Miss Hastings, while she greatly marvelled at the wonderful transformation whioh lovo had wrought upon the once proud and wiliul girl. Time passed on, and by tho wishes of Miss Hastings a celebrated physician was sent for from London, for Lady Darrell grew no better as time advanced. His opinion was given with reluctance, and sounded something like a- death- warrant. , ' She may recover sufficiently to- leave her room and to linger on -in life— how long it is most uncertain ; but the shock to her nerves sho will never fully recover from — while she lives she will bo a victim to nervousness. But I do not think she will live long. Let her have as much cheerful society as possible, without fatigue ; nothing more can bo done for her.' . And with that they were obliged to be content. Lady -Hampton would not admit that the London physician was correct. ' Nerves ore all nonsense,' sho said, brusquely, ' How many nervous shocks have I been through, with husband dead and children dead ? Elinor's only danger is her dear mother's complaint. Slie died of consumption quite young.' It was found, however, despite Lady Hamp ton's "disbelief, that tho London physician had spoken truthfully. -Lady Darrell rose from hc-r sick-bed, but she was but the shadow of herself, and a victim to a torriblo nervous disorder. Miss Hastings watched over her with great anxiety, but Pauline was like a second self to tho unhappy lady. They wero speaking of. lier one day, and Miss' Hastings said : ' An illness like Lady Darrell's is so uncertain, Paulino ; you must not'occupy yourself with her so entirely, or you will lose your own health.' But Pauline looked up with a smile— perhaps tbo bravest, the sweetest,. and the most tender her face had ever worn. : 'I shall never leave her,' sho returned. 'Never leave her? ' questioned Miss Hastings. ' No. I shall stay with her to comfort her whilo fife lasts, and that will bo my atonement.' | TO BE CONTINUED. 