KAISER WILLIAM. ,: Ji PREAC1IES A SERMON" INTERESTING DELIVERANCE SBY THE ROYAL TEACHER. ITS' FULL TEXT. In the "London Daily News" of the 14th of August Is given the full, text of the sermon preached a' few days previously by the Kaiser Wilhelm, of Germany,. on ;board his yacht, the Hohenzollern, as pub lished in the "Kreuzzeitung." His IMajesty said: "Seventh Sunday after Trinity. The %race of Our Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the fellowship of the Holy Ghost, be with us all everlmore. Amen. Text. 17th chapter of Exodus and the 11th verse: 'And it came to pass, when Moses held up his hand, that Israel pre vailed, and when he let down his hand SAmalek prevailed.' Amen. It .is a most timpressive picture that our text to-day brings before our souls. Israel wanders through the desert from the Red Sea to 31ount Sinai. But suddenly the heathen iAma.lekites stop them, and want to pre vent their advance, and a battle ensues. Joshua leads the young men of Israel to the fight, the swords clash together, and a. hot and bloody struggle begins in the valley of Rephidem. But, see! whilst the fight is going on, the pious men of God iMIoses, Aaron, and Hur-go to the top of the hill. They. lift-up their hands to Heaven; they pray .Donn in the valley the fighting hosts-at the top of the moun tain the praying men. This is the holy battle-picture of our text. Who does not understand to-day what it tells us? Again a heathenish Amalekite spirit has stirred in distant Asia with great power and much cunning. By burning and murder it ts'sought to prevent the entrance of European trade and European genius, the trimuphal march of Christian morals and Christian faith. And again the comrmand of God has been issued. 'Choose us out men, and go out. fight with Amalek.' A ho: and bloody struggle has begun. M'any of outr brothers stand 'already yonder un der tire, many are on their way to the -enemy's coasts, and you have seen them, the thousands who at the call, 'Volunteers to :he fore! Who will be the guardian of the Empire?' now assemble, to enter 'the fight with flying colors. But you, w?ho remain behind at home, who are bound by other sacred duties, say, do you not hear God's call. which he makes to you and which says to you, "Go up on the mountains, raise up thy hands to the heavens.' The prayer of the just can do rmuch, if it is in earnest. "Thus let it be. Yonder, far away, the hosts of fighters:; here at home the hosts of praying me:n M5ay this be the holy battle-picture also of our days. May this peaceful morning hour remind us - may it remind us of the sacred duty of in tercession, of the sacied power of inter cession. The sacred duty of intercession. Certainly it is an enthusiastic moment ,when a ship with the young men on board tweighs anchor. Did you not see the war riors' eyes flash? Did you not hear their many-voiced hurrahs? But when the amtive shores van:ish, when one enters. the glowing heat of the Red Sea or the heavy wvaters of the ocean, how easily brightness and enthusiasm grow weary! Certainly it is a sublime moment when, after a long voyage in the distance, the straight lines of the German forts can be seen, and the black, white and red flags of the German colony become visible, and comrades in arms stand on the shore waiting to give a hearty reception. But the long marches in a burning sun, the long nights of bivouac in the rain! How easily gaiety and strength vanish. Certainly it is a longed-for Imoment when at last tile drums beat to the charge, and the bugles are blown to advance, when a command'is given, 'For ,ward at the enemy!' But then, when amid ithe roar of the guns and the flashing of ,the shells comrades fall to the right and left, and hostile batterles still refuse to wYield-how eas!ly the bravest heart then begins to tremble! "Christians. irt order that our brothers over yonder may remain gay even in the greatest distress, faithful in the most rpainful duty. courageous in the. greatest danger, they want something more than ammunition and sharp weapons, , more also than youthful courage and fiery en lthus!asm. They want a blessing from above, vital power from above, otherwise they cannot win and remain victorious. lAnd the heavenly world only opens to pr'ayer. Prayer is the golden key to the treasury of God. But he who has it has also the promise that to him who asks shall be given. Or shall we remain idle? rWoe to us if we are idle whilst they are narrying on a hard and bloody piece of tvork,woe to us if we only look on curlous ly at the great sight whilst they wrestle lin a fierce death struggle. This would be Cain's spirit with the cruel words, 'Am It my brother's keeper?' This would be itifaithfulness towards our brave brothers who are staking their lives. 'iNlever. Wre will mobilise not only bat talions of warriors. but also a holy force -of praying men. Yes. HIow much there is to ask for our brothers going into the 'field. They are to be the strongtarm which pmnishes assassins. They are to be the mnailed fist which strikes in amongst them. flPhey are to stand up with the sword in 'their hands for our most sacred poses dlons. . So we will accompany them with our prayers, out on to thie heaving waves, on their marches, into the roar of the battle. and into the peacefulness of tile 'hospltals; will pray to God that they may etand at their post like men, that they vnay fight their battles courageously and heroically, that they may bear' their wounids bravely and calmly, that God nany, give those who die under fire a blessed end and tile reward of faithful ness-in short, that He may make tile (Warriors heroes and the heroes victors, otd. then bring them home to the land of rtheir fathers with thle laurels round their puggarees and tile medals on their ,breasts. "Or do we perhaps not believe in the sat'red power of intercession? Well, then, what does our text say? 'And it Catie to pass, when Moses held up his 'hand, that Israel prevailed.' Thie ear nest prayers of a Moses made the swords of the enemy blunt. They pushed ·themselves like a wedge between the enemy's lines, made them waver, and brought victory to the flying banners of Israel. Should not our prayers be able to do what the prayers of. MIoses did? God has not taken back one syl ,able of His promise: heartfelt prayer .can still to-day cast down the dragon bahnner into the dust and plant the ban rer' of the Cross on the walls. And ?Oees does not stand alone with his in jotrcession. Look yonder: there on the 'eights of Sodom stands Abraham in terceding before his God, and with his Drayers he prays Lot out of the burning Wity. And should not our prayers suc ceed in praying our fighting comrades puf of the fire of the battles ? Look J'ouder. There in Jerusalem lies the -yo.tng Christian community on its k-nees.' Their leader, their father, lies Stimprisoned in" a dungeon, and see. with itheir prayers they,. summon the Angel Of. God into the prisoie, and he leads forth . Peter unharmned. And our Dray-ers: should not they have the pow ier even to-day to burst the doors of the poppressed prisoners and the persecuted, t-nd .to place an angel at their side? Yes, trhe God of old still lives, the great Ally Tules still, the Holy God. who cannot let sin and acts of violence triumph, but ,will carry on His holy cause against an anholy people; the Almighty God Who ian shatter the strongest walls as if -hey were spiders' webs. and Who can :lisperse the greatest crowds like heaps of sand; the merciful, faithful God imliose fatherly heart looks after the well-being of His children, Who hears every sigh, and Who sympathises vwith cvery distress. Pious prayers open His ?atlierly hands, and they are filled with blislng. Earnest prayer open Hls 'fatherly heart, and -Ie is full o0 love. [!es, tr'ue continuous prayer fetches the living God down -from iHeaven. and places: Him in our i?lldst. And if God is 'ar -us, who shall be against us? L "Up in the Taluern there hang strange bells on the heights. No man's hand rings them. Still and dumb 'they hang in the sunshine. .But when the storm winds blow they begin to swing and com mence to ring, and deep down in the val ley their song is heaLid. God the Lord has'huiig the prayer-bell in every mar.'s heart. But in sunshine and happiness how often it hangs still and dumb. But when the stormy winds of distress break forth then it begins to ring. How many. a comrade who has forgotten,how to pray will out'?'onder in" the fight foi- life'ýor death fold his hands again! Distress teaches us to pray. And.so shall it also be at home. Let the serious days which have come upon us, let the war storm which has come on, set the bells ringing again. Let us pray for our lighting bro thers. Not only now and then in a solemn hour. No, no, let us be true in prayer. As our fathers once in war times rang the bells every evening and bared their heads at the sound and prayed, so also let us not forget intercession for a day. Moses held up his hands till the going down of the sun. and Joshua discomfited Amalek and h:s people with the edge of the sword.' Our fight is not brought to an end in one day. But don't let the hands become tired or idle till victory has been gained. Let our prayers be i fiery wall around the camp of our brothers. How the thought will strengthen them, make them enthus lastic. and excite them, that thousands, nay. millions, at home bear them in their praying hearts! The King of all kings calls Volunteers to the fore. Who will be the praying one for the Empire? Oh, if one could only say here: 'The King cal led, and all-all came.' Not one of us must be wanting. History will one day describe the fights of these days. But man only sees what he has before him; he can only say what the wisdom of the leaders, the courage of the troops, the sharpness of the- weapotis have done. But eternity will some.time reveal still more it will show how the secret prayers of the believers were a great power in these fights, how the old promise is again fulfil led. 'Then they cry unto the Lord in their trouble, and he saveth them out of their 6:stress.' And thus, keep to prayer. A n en.' "Almighty God, dear Heavenly Father, h'lcu Lord of hosts and Ruler of battles, we rnise praying, our hands to Thee. On Thy heart we lay the thousands of bro the-rs-in-arms, whom Thou Thyself hlst c:lled-to battle. Protect with Thy Al ,'ighty[ protection the breasts of our sons. t.ead our men to victory. On Thy heart we lay the wounded and sick. Be Thou thi-'.r comfort and their strength, and heal their wounds which they receive for King at:d Fatherland. On Thy heart we lay all thcee whom Thou hast ordained to die on rite field of battle. Stand by them in the last struggle, and give them everlasting peace. On Thy heart we lay our people. Preserve. sanctify, increase the enthu siasm with which we are now all imbued. Lord our God, we trust in Thee. Lead Thou us in the battle. W'e boast. Lord, :hat Thou hwilt help up and in thy name we un:oll the banner. Lord we will not leave Thee, then wilt Thou bless us. Amen." The Emperor c, ncluded with the Lord's T'raycr antd lth; Ecnediction. 