Her Soldier Lover] ; bl I A PTER XTI [ — (con tin icd ) . T,hey, -went^into the house, and Arthur) '?Tan'-' upfytairii-to'-biB own roum. ito Unnw - . that everylhing would have been placcd ready for him by loving thoughtful hands— if not Ji'euVe, then. his. mother's. lie snug snatclutH of pong loudly, so that the whole house heard him, and when ho w«nt down . stairs 111 teen minutes later his father aud mother wore awaiting him in the breakrnst ? : room, lie Irissed both, fondly, impulsively, Margaret's presence caused no restraint, and her heart hungered for such love as that. The breakfast .began amid a rapid flow 'of conversation, and Arthur's happy voice seemed to till the room with music. 'I don't want to think about, work of any -kind for a month or two, dad,' he eaid. ' Spring;is here, the summer's coming, and the world .is all. before rue ! It is good to be- home once more, and I wieh that I could jStay for. al ways. Did I tell you that Greville promised to look in this afternoon ? His sisteri Lady Natalie, is coming to the Hall .tin d 'day or-two, with her chaperon. I expect that they will soon be migrating to town for the season.' - - ' There would be no reason for you to leave home again, Arthur, if you followed -in ; father's footsteps,' remarked Jessie 'quietly. ' ! The lad's face flushed and paled, and the .JRector frowned. ,► ' Tou are wrong there, Jessie,' Arthur \--Baid. - ' Eor. one - branch of study I have ?neglected all others. I know that you think I am only a dreamer — that my ideals are mere chimeras of the brain, but I love my art; ?\ I am;fit.for nothing else; I must paint, j thought, that I might make a little money .^by writing for the magazines while perfec ?,^ting,my natural bent, but I cannot concen trate'my thoughts upon sUch work as that.' ?He sighed, and added bitterly, ' My absurd dream-pictures will always obtrude 1 ' Margaret looked sympathetic, and his eyes flamed. ' What do you think of my brother ? ' Jessie asked, when they were alone. Margaret looked up in siiprise — the question was put so abruptly. ' l'have not known him long enough to hazard an opinion,'- she replied. 14 But .you have an . impression. Arthur impresses every ooav ar, once. ' Well,' smiled Margaret, ' I think that he is.-a^ery uncommon sort of young, man '— adding 'naively — ' not that my experience has been very large ! He has a remarkable face and beautiful dreamy eyes. He is also clever, I should imagine.' ; r - ' Yes — he is clever,' Jessie said thought v f ully ; ' but he is only half a genius. My father's and mother's hopes are based upon hi8.succe88.in life ; and 1 fear for the result. They do not see things as I see them. In a little while yo£T will know how 'egotistical my brother is, aud I want to ask you not to pander to his failings. He has already conceived a great friendship for you. You would hardly believe that under this quiet demeanour there lurks a nature both passionate and revengeful. Hin education has already drained our resources ; and now \- he talks of studying in Paris, Florence, and Strasburg ! '? , Margaret did not reply. Lord Greville arrived in the afternoon, and made himself particularly agreeable to beautiful Margaret. Hie conversation was brilliant when he chose to exert himself— hismanners were fascinating. Mips. Lynden was interested in the young Earl, because he was the brother of Lady Natalie Greville — the woman whom her husband might bave : married. She wondered if Lord Greville had been Darcy's friend ; at any rate, the young men must have known each other intimately. ' You have an estate at Ferndale, in ; Cornwall, I believe, Lord Greville? 'Margaret questioned. = ? . ' Yes, a small place. My father preferred it to Grevitte Hall. Why do you ask, may r I inquire ? ' He fixed his dark eyes upon her lair face. ' I have heard my huBband— I have heard Captain Lynden speak of it,' stammered. Margaret. ' I believe that he was a friend of, your family.' ' f- : ''The young Earl, was amused, but he hid his amusement under a smile. ' I have not the honour of Captain Lyndon's acquaintance,' he said. ' Probably my I father knew him. I never heard him spoken of, though.' Margaret reddened from vexation. There ' was a touch of banter , in Lord Greville's 'tone, Had Darcy wilfully deceived her ? r '?'It does not signify,' she replied haughtily. ' Possibly 1 have confounded -games and places.' : 'I have a treacherous memory also,' said the Eurl ^smiling. ? He adroitly changed the conversation. Margaret's weak point discovered, he charmed hec with stories of his travels, which wore more or less coloured. Her lovely face became animated, her eyes glowed. This was the world of her dreams. ' You have travelled a great deal yourself, ;. Mrs. Lynden ? ' - ,/,Ohj no ! 1 should love to do bo ! What little knowledge I possess has been derived from boolce. - It is not satisfying to rest upon one man's or woman's impressions. One wants to see all such things for one's Self; J have never been anywhere.' ? Lord Greville was aquainted with Mrs. Lynden'8 history, but he ejaculated a Bympathic ' Really ! ' Her plaintive tone stirred the hot blood in his veins. He had never met a woman in his own order so refreshingly 'beautiful as this poor school teacher—the girlish wife of a beggarly soldier. . 4 A^dangerous woman to flirt with, he thought — ' so innocent, so unworldly ! And yet I.cannot help myself.' ? - ]\Ir8.;'Lynden,' he said, ' Arthur Fielding ' and* I have been arranging a little picnic, just among ourselves, you. know ; and I do riot see why it should not come oil at once. The sun is ' delightfully warm now, and lam sure that you will be interested in the treasures of Greville Ilall. My sister, Lady Natalie Greville, is coming down here for a ehort time, and she will be delighted to know you.' , -Margaret shivered slightly;. - ' ' lam deeply interested in young Fielding,' the Earl continued. '1 4 1 have no belief in ? his sunsets and seascapes ; I want him to try his hand'at. portrait-painting, and the idea of the 4 picnic was ' to get him to visit the Hall, where he can inspect many perfect \ examples of (lie arh One has to approach him enrofuily, or he flies off at a tangent !' ' Yon aro kind,' Margaret replied. ' The picnic will bu delightful.' Her eves were so eloquent of thanks that his face flushed and paled. ' And tho treasures of tho Gravities also T lnpe,' he raid, smiling. ' We have a Moorish chamber nearly four centuries old. Unfortunately there is no ghost. The Grevilles liavo always been peaceably. dis- posed towards each other, so that there is no unhappy spirit to perambulate tho upper storeys.' Margaret laughed merrily. She was beginning to like tho young Earl. IHb kind thoughtfulness regarding Arthur Fielding appealed to her irresistibly. ' I am particularly interested in your offorts to assist Mr. Fioldinr?.' ehn said. ' 1 know that his family are very anxious about bim. It will cost them so much if he must go abroad to study, and those sunset ? ' ' Yes — those sunsets of his might have been conceived by Don Quixote.' Lord Greville smiled indulgently. ' He might make money by designing street placards ; but canvas and good paints are expensive.' They both laughed. ' I shall speak to tho Rector about our picnic,' the Earl resumed. ' Do you stay long at Eastcote, Mrs. Lynden ?' ' Yes — that is I hardly know,' Margaret replied, colouring. ' My husband — — ' ' Of course — how stupid of me ! Captain Lynden will take you away when this wretched little war is ended.' He Bighed audibly. ' That will be in perhaps three — perhaps six months.' At that moment Arthur Fielding entered the room. » . ' I wondered what had become of you, Greville 1' His brows contracted. ' We have been talking about the picnic,' drawled his lordship. \- Oh !' ' Mrs. Lynden is charmed with the idea, and it now only remains for us to fix the date. I am sure that we Bhall have a most enjoyable day.' ' The weather is treacherous at this time of year,' Arthur said doubtfully. His hands were thrust deep into hiB pockets, his gloomy eyes were fixed upon Margaret's flushed face. ' Nonsense, man ! We Bhall not be more than a stone's throw from the Hall. Do you imagine that I intend running foolish risks ' Oh, just as you please,' Greville ! I am not a sDoil-sDort -, I am thinking of something else.' ' Then let it be this day week, if the date suits the Rector.' And thus the matter was eventually settled. Lord Greville stayed to dinner. He felt that it was hard to tear himself away from tho Rector, and wondered what madness had seized him. ' Am I in love with another. man's wife P ' he thought, and laughed cynically. 1 She, a poor little school-teacher — ho, a beggarly soldier. Pshaw ! ' — CHAPTER XIV. Two mornings later Margaret read a paragraph in the ^daily paper which set her pulses throbbing and made her eyes sparkle. The Royal Blues had distinguished them selves in a fierce and prolonged fight with the African savages, and Captain Lynden was specially mentionad. ' These and like actions,' was the comment, ' bring the blood into our cheeks, and make us proud of our countrymen fighting the old battle of civilisation against savagery on the African veldt. There are many whose names will be gratefully remembered in England, and not the least among them that of Captain Darcy Lynden, who, at the critical .moment in the engagement, when opposed by overwhelming numbers, rallied his men, and the fight was won ! ' ' You ought to be proud of such a husbaud !' Jessie said. 'Now tell me that you are I' ' As a soldier I admire him with the rest of the world,' was the reply. ' I suppose that the trouble in Africa is now practically at an end ,??' ' The rebleB have taken to. the caves, and are being followed, the paper says,' answered Jessie, who had taken up the newspaper. ' Oh, Margaret, I shall lose faith in you yet!' . ' And why should you, Jessie ? With you I am perfectly honest 1 I know now. that I never loved my husband ; I had no idea what love was until you convinced me by your own unselfish devotion. Oh, I have carefully examined my heart, andl know that I am happier here than I can ever be with Captain Lynden !' ' Then why did you marry him ?' Jessie cried indignantly. t. ' Because I hated Madame Hopkins, I hated slavery, I hated shabby clotheB ! I enjoyed my triumph over Madame, but 1 have paid dearly for it !' Jessie was horrified. ' Margaret,' she whispered, ' you say that you did not know what love was then. Do you know what love is now? ' ' Most assuredly I do! ' the young wife replied, with a bitter laugh. ' Have you not been my constant mentor for five long weeks? Seeing is*believing, Jessie; though for myself I can comprehend no love so strong as love of self. Aught else is quite beyond me, dear. I suppose that I am worldly and hard; but my cruel past has made me what I am ! ' Jessie breathed a sigh of relief. *' Thank Heaven that I was wrong — that I misjudged you ! Oh, how you frightened j me ! I promised Captain Lynden that I would watch over you until he came home, and ? ' ' And what, Jessie ? ' 'I feared that you had been listening to the silly speeches of Lord Greville. ' I know that he admires you.' . Margaret flushed painfully. ' 'From any one else, Jessie,' she said coldly, ' such words would be extremely insulting ! Will it satisfy you to learn that Lord Greville has merely been courteous and kind ? ' ' ' Let us kiss and make it up ! ' The Rector's daughter laughed gaily. ' I am an imaginative suspicious little fool; but I mean well ! ' _ ' The way to a certain wicked place is paved with good intentions ! ' retorted Margaret. (To be Continued) . 