THE I.0;F. AT BRIGHTON. Mr. Bobert McNalr'B, P.H.C.B., Address. A Social Evening:. A social eveping took place in the drill-room, Brighton, in connection with the I.O.F. on Tuesday night, which was presided over by tbe Mayor of Brighton (Or. Stone). There was a splendid attendance, and a oapital Droerarume was srone through. . Musical selections were given, lime-light views were shown, cinematographe films were displayed, and tbe loyal and potriotio element was kept well in view both pictorially and vocally. The interest of the evening, however, centred upon Mr. Robert McNair, the manager of the I.O.F. for Australasia. His person ality is that of a frank, intelligent, beaming Oanadian. The influences of hereditary progression are upon him, and he is manifestly full of shrewd common sense; is in the thinking clear and expresses him self with lucidity. His style of addresB has the effeot of making everyone feel at home, end its subject matter was both instructive and interesting. In his opening remarks, Mr. McNair paid a graceful compliment to the hospitality of the Australians since he had been among them, and after dwelling on their attractive qualities, aad mentioning how the Canadians and Australians, brothers in arms, in South Africa, were as one, he passed on to the great fraternal society, which has already strnok strong roots into Australian soil. In bis addresB Mr. McNair opened up new vistas of life assurance, and set himself the task of answering several statements that were made against the Order. These slurs were cast by men who did not desire to father the lies wbich were uttered. Their purposes were served by band ing round type-written documents without a name attached thereto, and quotations from obscure journals paid for propagating lies. Ee aid not object to these tactics from rear 01 any narm mat migm ensue from the most searching inquiry, as the more tbe merits of the I.O.F. were known, the wider and more attractive must the Order appear. The Order was founded in the year 1874, and it had risen by its inherent excellence to a place amongst the first life assurances companies of the world. Life assurance was amongst THB XjATB J3X-OR. 8. B. TBA.NS m TUB EOBES OF OFFICE, 1B8MS. the necessities ct a well ordered life, and a provision against the ills attendant upon tbe death of a bread winner, where families were left un provided. It was a sacred duty incumbent upon every father, and the IO.F. offered facilities for obtaining tbat most vital protection to loved ones at ' cost price.' Mr. McNair said the I.O.F. does not wish to take the money of hard working men and women without giv ing in return an equivalent. To pro tect the family in the event of the pro vider being called away by death was indeed a duty — but— death is not the only exigency to provide for in any institution worth the name of an Insurance Oo. There are other disasters tbat leave tbe home desolute aa the death of the bread winner. Every one who hears me now would a hundred times rather be borne off to his last resting place in peace than to suffer tbe worst affliction known to man, namely insanity. If your insurance is provided by a money making institution when such a disaster occurs, what happens ? Every year tbe family, already hard pressed, ia driven to its wit's end to meet the premiums of the insured, and if the afflicted one lives twenty years an inmate of that most desolnte of homes ' The Asylum ' this twenty annual payments must be forthcoming or the policy is lapsed. This, Mr. Chairman is called insurance, but when a membetof the I.O.F. meets with auch an affliction or any other kind of affliction that renders him incapacitated for life the I.O.F. recognises the impossibility of th* family paying and one half the face value of the policy is paid to the family or the member himself forth with, that, sir, is what we oall protection, and nothing less is pro tection. The I.O.F. also recognises another exigency, viz., age infirmity, the father protects the family during their infancy against the possibility of his demise, but if he survives, his own feebleness is protected, for the I.O.F. gives him in that oass one tenth of his policy annually until it is all drawn and the unpaid balanoe in one sum if be died before 80 years of age, or he may choose instead a pension, this, sir, is the I.O.F. 's system, aim and record and that we call protection. This the insuring public recognises for since the Order had been established, one and three quarter millions had been paid ont of its exchequer to bene ficiaries, and tbe amount of suffering saved to families by this outgoing was incalculable. It is all vory well lor those who hare felt th* effect of the I.O.F.'s presence upon their business in this fair land of Victoria, as elsewhere, to set up a kind of imaginary ghost — a kind of BCarecrow on assessment societies. ' Let me say that for the first six years of tbe history of this Order it was an assessment society, pure and simple, but tinoe tlie present 8.O.H.. Drl Oronhyatehha, was elected to the highest poet, whioh position he has held ever since 1880, the Order has been on the Itvel premium paying baBis, and continues to be snch to the present day. The word assessment has different mean ings in . different countries. In Oanada all societies doing business on the lodge system, whether they resemble assessment work, or level premium crganieetione, are for registration purposes called Assess ment Societies. It is a matter of fact that there are in Oanada to-day organisations working side by side with ue, which are purely on the assessment plan, and collect no stated premiums, but the I.O.F. has collected a stated premium from its members, for the lest 20 years, and has never once made an assessment, and this our slanderers know to be tbe truth, and the only way members oan levy an assessment is as stated later on. For the first six years the Order worked upon what was known as the assessment plan, and members, on the death of a brother, were assessed in a certain amount to meet the claim, but on Dr. Oronbyatekha attaining to the position of Supreme Chief Banger in 1880, the Order bad progressed on the level paying plan, and month by month new members joined, and the reserve fond grew greater and greater until the present day. Tbe Order at tbe outset of tbe new era had the advantage of the labors of men who had attained the highest mathematical honors, and who were among tbe first of actuarial experts. These men brought all their talents to bear upon the subject, and they were fortified with the figures and data compiled throughout the world, upon which successf ul and eound life insurance bad been conducted, and after digesting this mass of valuable experiencethetablesoftheOrderwere struck. Tbat they were accurately struck is shown by the fact that tbe Order bas met every obligation, and 180,000 homes, with mothers and children, have been protected. All death claims have been paid with unparalleled promptners. and any insinuations made by the man with out a name are slanders. In the progress of life assurance difficulties are sometimes'met with, and it has been difficult at times to eay wbo was legally entitled to the residue of the policy. For example, a man insures hiB life and names his wife as his beneficiary. They have a family and the wife then dies. The assured takes unto himself another wife, and a second family is thi issue. His second wife predeceases him, and then tbe assured dies without revoking tbe direction in favor of the firet wife. The question arises who is entitled to the proceeds of tbe policy? In such cases a delay may occur in handing over the money while tbe Order ascertains the Government views upon tbe matter of distribution. Under.no other circumstances doeB a. delay take place and it is tbe pride of the 1.0.7. to say that every claim against it bas been settled ' within an overage of a fortnight.' Tlie hostile critics of the order when commenting upon its methods very often did so from most insufficient data. They forget or decline to take all the figures into consideration, and sometimes even to turn over a page whereon liea a complete answer to their objections, as a fact the I.O.F. as an assurance order does not only give its members enormous benefits above other as suranoe societies, but charges them less for the benefits. The maximum protection was given by the I.O.F. for a minimum of cost. It specially objected to make money ont of tbe public's necessity , whicb was not a moral nor equitable proceeding. Ee eould nameone company that recently made £468,000 hard cash out of its policy holders, thus showing that iti unfortunate members were paying too much for their assurance. That was not serving the people but making money out of them under the cloak of assurance. Mr. McNair warned people against insuring their children's life, tbst was the greatest folly. The bread winner was the one to protect, be was the source of revenue, and when he died in nine esses out ot ten the ohild policy lapsed. He besought parents to look thoughtfully into that aspect of the proposal, and remember the I.O.F. aimed at and did protect the breadwinner's family. Seven or eight years ago tbe Order went to Great Britain where it met with tbe same opposition from established companys of assurance as it did here, but 'the bulk of tbe people there, as they were doing here, welcomed the I 0 F. with its cheap rates and sound assurance. The Order's operations were extended to Norway, France, and sow it had come to Australia, and onward it intended to build a chain round the Anglo-Saxon world. Any assurance company ia Aus tralia would be glad, indeed, to have assured during the laet three months of 1699 6,000 iives. The I.O.F. h«d during that period assured ' tbe lives of 17,000 men! That fact alone would show Australians whether the Order was respected and appreciated in Oanada or not. The Order's opponents did not like these figures, and what harm tbey could not do by open arguments they endeavoured to ao by stealth. The Order re pudiated tbe literature which waa being circulated, but it was not of a nature to injure the noble institution to which he had the honour to belong. It was said assessment companies bad failed, so had life assurance companies. If one tailor was bankrupt it did sot follow that all were. The I.O.F. was neither an assessment nor an old line assurance company. Under Oanadian practios the Order had either to ba in tbe form of courts or receive proposals on the straight out line plan. The premiums had for the last 20 years rone the into exehequerdevotedtoold age, disability, and pension benefit funds, and they could not be used for any other than those purposes. The authorities in Oanada an nually inspected the Foresters' books, and tfaeie are over 4,000 courts throughout tbe world aoting as a check. It is objected that 'the I.O.F. members have reserved powers to the Eieoutive Council of tbe Order to call for extra pre miums should this ever become necessary.' I am surprised that any insurance company doing business in Australia would be short-sighted enough to use such an - argument against tbe IO F. We have been doing business for nearly 27 years, and we hare never required to put this douse of our Constitution into operation. Our tables bave been compiled after very careful exami nation, and we are positive that they ore sufficient to meet any death rate that will ever occ.ur, but should the rates that we charge prove insuffi cient, nnlamity will come to us the saaa day that is comes to other insuranoB companies. For we havs ao much money out of these low rates put into tne Exchequer for our death claims, as those who have cir. dilated these slanders against us. J.rua, CDBy ugiiuuir uiuuu wuie iuuubi from the people than we do, but they do not save more, nor put more aside to meet the death claims than we do. This law was made by the members of the I.O.F. themselves, and it is a guarantee to every man that belongs to the Order, whether in this country or in any other country, that no matter what eventuality happens sooner or later, bis claims will be paid in full to his beneficiaries. No man can expect bis insurance below eost prise. The cost of risk must be borne by the insurer in all instances, and 95 per cent, of the premium a member pays to the 1.0 F. goes directly to pay the death claims, disability claims, sod old age dis ability claims. If 95 per cent, of the rates paid should ever prove to be insufficient, the insurer is only called upon to pay cost price. I am surprised, and I know that you will be surprised when I tell you that a clause in the InBUranc Act protecting other companies doing business in Victoria is three-fold more objection able to the policy holder of other insurance companies than this is to a member of the I.O.F. No man who has a policy in Victoria from the Insursnce Company doing business therein has any absolute guarantee that the face value of his policy will be paid in full. I have only to refer you to part 111 of the Companies' Act. Sections 368, 367, 368, wbich read as follows: — 'The court in the case of a company which has been proved to be insolvent may, if it thinks fit, reduce the amount of the contracts of the company upon such terms and subject to such conditions as the court thinks just, in place of making a winding-tip order.' 'Where application is being made to the court to wind np a company, or where a company is being wound up by the court, or subject to tbe supervision of tbe court, or voluntarily, the value of every life annuity and life policy requiring to be valued shall be estimated in manner provided by the twenty-third schedule to this Act: — 'The rules in the twenty third and twenty-fourth schedules to this Act Bhall be of the same force as if they were ruleB made in pnrsuanoe of the one hundred and fifty-seventh section of this Act, and my be altered in manner provided by the said section for the purpose of carrying into provisions of this part of tbis Act with respect to the winding up of companies.' You will eee that section 167 refers to the twenty-third schedule of this Act, where tbe scale of reduction is described and the powers tbat the court has to reduce men's policies, I ask and I think that every insurer has a right to ask, whether it is better, all things being equal to carry a policy which in tbe case of eventuality would require him to pay a few shillings more per annum, whether we would have the Forester insurance, where tbe full face of bis policy would be paid to hiB benefi ciary, or carry a policy where the same eventuality transpiring, bis policy would be reduced accordingly. Is schedule 23 and 21 read the following : — Sections 367 and 368: — ' An annuity shall be Jvelued ac cording to the tables used by the company which granted such annuity at the time of granting the same, and where such tables cannot be ascertained or adopted to the satis faction of tbe court then according to tbe table known in England as the Government Annuities Experi ence Table, interest being reckoned at the rate of four pounds per cent, per annum.' 'Tbe value of the policy is to be tbe difference between the present value of tbe reversion in the sum assured on the decease of the life including any bonus or addition thereto made before the commencement of the windiag up and tbe present value of the future annual premiums. In calculating such present values the rate of interest is to be aSBnmed as being four ponnds per centum per annum, and the rate of mortality as that of tbe tables known in England as the Seventeen Offices Experience Tables. The premium calculated w to be such premium as according to the Baid rate of interest and rate of mortality is sufficient to provide for the risk incurred by the office in issuing the policy exclusive of any addition thereto for office expenses and other charges.' ' Where an assurance company is being wound up by the court or subject to the supervision of the court, tbe official liquidator, in the case of all persons appearing by the books of the company to be entitled to or interested in policies granted by such company for life assurance endowment annuity or other pay ment is to ascertain the value of such policies and give notice of such value to snob person ; and any person to whom notice is so given shall be found by the value so ascertained unless he gives notice of bis intention to dispute such value in manner and witbin a time to be prescribed by a role or order of the court.' It re quires no argumentwhateverto prove to anybody that tbe LO.F.'s position is the happier one, and notwith standing that some others are busy trying to slander them, the slanderers are at the same time encumbered with a weakness that is of far greater magnitude, and just as soon as the pnblio of Victoria appreciate the difference between these two objects so soon will they repudiate all attempts being now made to impose upon their credulity. Complaint is made tbat the I.O.F. has no surrender value. I may state, said Mr. McNair, that we pride our selves, alter 20 years' experience, in departure from old lint companies in this respect, we do sot believe in sur render values, and if seme other institutions give surrender values, they make the insurer ' pay most handsomely for it.' We do say* . I the money of the insurer and :;| not rsducs his benefits.. For in- -4m stance, at age 30, a membtr of .. 'fi the IO.F. would require to pay ''-31 annually £2 17s., for £200 of ia- || suranoe, which at 4 per cent, eon.- ~\ pound interest would in 20 yesn J amount to £88 5s. 3d., thus, if he ? ;| drop out of tbs Ordsr after that ' I length of time, we would have | charged him £88 5s. 8d., not jiving | him buy surrender at all. f Compare this with surrender 1 values. Without mentioning tbe j name of the society, -the policy- vl holder entering on* of your straight | line Insurance Companies would :\ pay, during same period, £165 I 3s. Let us deduct the surrender f value, whioh according to the state- - 1 ment of this same company, they are 1 willing to make, namely, £56 j 14s. 3d., you will see that th* I Foresters has been the gainer for 1 the 20 years by over £10, and this 1 important facts:— (I) In a policy \ given by tbe I.O.F. premiums cease i at 70 years of age, while tbat of tbe | Insurance Compaijy is for whole 1 life. (2) The I.O.F. member his J his disability risk covered as well ' as his risk of death during the | whole period. _ r It has been freely circulated in j: this community, by agents of coma ;! other companies, who evidently 1. dread the advent of the I.O.F., tbat j. there is unlimited liability attached i to membership therein. I need only jj state tbat in every contract we enter ' Ii into with a policy-holder in the {| I.O.F. it is distinctly stated on the | face of his policy that he is only ; liable for whatever amounts for j, premiums, etc., are due when he jj ceases to be a member. Moreover, I the Statute incorporating tbe I.O.F., j] namely, 69 Tic. chap. 51, section 10 j] (Dominion of Canada) plainly sett ,1 this forth. I would like to believe j that such a slander was the result of jj ignorance rather than a deliberate II effort to injure us. |1 In conclusion. Mr. McNair said he jj bad experienced much pleasure in J addressing them, and as they were j about to open a court in Brighton, . j those who desired would have an j opportunity of joining the Order. A ' ?? j hearty round of applause greeted j Mr. McNair when he hod finished .1 his address. ' j During the evening limelight por- j traits of prominent officers in the I Order were shown by Mr. T. Sang- j ston, lanterniet, as well as tbe head I office in Oanada. We recognised M that of Messrs. Oronhyatekha. M.D., [I Jamea Marshall, Eobt. McNair. U Even the branch office of the Prsh- II ran Arcade and the organising Sj deputy, Mr. Jos. Weston, jumped on H to tbe screen. The soloists were i Messrs. T. SangBton and Frank Her- I bert, and they, together with the f views and address, made one and all K spend a very enjoyable two hours of t amusement and instruction. ,. J[ Oreat credit is due to Mr. James 1 Weston, the organising deputy, who 'I arranged the entertainment in a 1 manner which augurs well for the 1 future success ot such gatherings. o Mr. Grunberg acted as pianist with . Jj marked ability. ' n 