OHILDREH'8 QOLUMN. A PM&'QY 8 MPT Ghosts seem to be popular just now, I . hear their noiseless tread and feel their delightful literary shudder in books and stores not a few. But once I met a ghost, and he was less pleasant in life than iu a book. It was the second year of my teaching school in the mountains of Kentucky. I had come to feel much at home, and had ridden far and wide in the hills. Horses were at my disposal, but I broke a mule to the saddle, and* rode him tarough Cumber land Gap, into Virginia and back, a hundred miles and more. I came to pre fer a mule for long1 rides over the hills, but on shorter rides I more frequently rode a clay- bank pony. Early in this second year I formed the habit of spending an evening each week with the teacher/in an adjacent district, and this gave mo regularly a ride home of several miles in the dark. It was made at least a mile longer by the angle which the road made down to the ford. This estra mile I grudged most of all, and when the water was not too high, I took a short cut through the woods, strik ing the creek a mile higher up. This way was by a mere bridie-path, which lad through an old field and along a ridge, and through a half-mile of low-growing beech-trees, where one had to ride carefally to keep on his horse in th.8 dark — and it was dark in there. One night I hoard soma animal crashing through the underbrush above me, and ^keeping near me until I reached the creek. The next week I beard near at hand the pathetic, fearsome, half-human and half ' fiendish cry of a panther. Aud so I took to carrying a revolver with me, and for a time kept the main road. „ But a moonlight night brought me back to my short cut again, and I kept it thence forth, even if once or twice the water was high enough to set my horse swimming. But the longer road, I dare say, would sometimes have proved the shorter way home. At least; there was one time when it would bave saved me a fright and a delay. There was only one house on the short out road, if I may call it a road. It was the deserted cabin belonging to the old fields, and it stood not far from the high way. A disagreeable story was told about 'iTpJntNrasmnfortable things were alleged to have bee^seen there. These associated themselves not only with a house, which stood with gaping door and sunken roof and tumble-down stick chimney, but also with the dead sycamore- tree that stood in the fork of the path below the house. In truth, the tree looked fearsome enough at night. It stood out so white and bare, so gallows- like, and so menacing that it alone might well have been an ob — ject of fear. A ghost of a tree it was — rooted in it's own grave, a bleak, white tombstone of a tree. I looked at it as I rode under it with a certain balf-expectation of seeing some alarming thing happen there. It came one chill, drizzly night, Th. re were occasional angry spits of rain, with long-separated and far- distant glows of lightning. It was a shivering, creeping night, with a touch of something in the air that led one to anticipate trouble. I re member distinctly that my friend said to me as I left, ' This is the very night to see a ghost.' I think I really exp3cted to see some thing that night. Tha shudder of it was in the bones of tbiags in general, and I could feel it creeping into my own. And I never doubted that the place to see it was the dead sycamore-tree. Yet there was a cer tain fasoination in the prospect which mad» me take the short cut. I did not want to see what was there, yet I could not bring myself to avoid it. So the tree came in sight, and at the view I started. There it stood, white \- against the background of the haunted house, but — I must be mistaken, yat I could not be — the trunk waa unusually white to-night ! I ca3t my eyo along it. ; The 8ft. at the bottom were eo white tlia'o by comparison the apper part looked dark. And just as I began to assure myself, against my conviction and the evidence of my senses, that it was only imagination, my horse gave n snort and made a quick turn with mo. There wm uo doubt about ifc now. Tnuve was euroelhiu^ there. I got my horse ;;rouud j,o face the fcifcuii' tion, and as calmly as I c utd, considering my own feelings and thoao. of tho horse, ' inspected the frightful object ahead. It was certainly a hideous thing. The figure was about 8ft. high. It had white boms and a neckless head, that. bjbtel about in a menacing way. It had arms which made threatening gestures, and if, moved out into the path as I looked and stood clear of the tree. I held my horse with my right hand, and passed my left through my hair to sea if it stood erect. I took courage from the fact that it did not ; although why it did not I could not and cannot 'understand. I certainly felt the bristling sensation that made me pull down my hat. I do not like to be thought a coward, yet I am not at all disposed to claim that I was unmoved by the object before me. If, I arguad, that it was not a ghost, because it could nob be, the tuis^er was indubitable that it was something, anil if not a ghost, it answered the description of one. If it was not a «host, it was apparently some thing quito as formidable. Indeed, had I known that it was a ghost I might have almost felt relief. Still I held my horse with face to the front, and urged him on with my heels. The hill rose abruptly on one side ; a deep ravine was on tho other. There was only tho alternative of going ahead or turning back, and I could cot quite go back. So, striking in my spurs, I dashed by the ghost, which made a lunge at us as we psssed that caused my horse to shy dan gerously. I rode a little way up tha ridge, at first; congratulating myself that I was safely by. Then — was M courage, or curiosity, or cowardice leat I seem to my solf a coward ? — I turned my unwilling horse and rode back again. The ghost was still therot and when I came somewhat near, renewed its hostile gesticulation and approach. My horse, which had barely got by when headed to ward homo, would go no farther whan facing away from homo. Afc length I dis mounted, and holding my bridlo in my le!t hand and my riding-whip in the right, approached the ghost. The ghost ceased to come toward me, and Baeing mo still coming on, began slowly to retreat, still waving me back with his flapping arms, and bis broken-necked and bobbing head. I would have advanced more rapidly, now that it waa retreating, but my advance was impeded by the pulling back of my horse. I may as well confess that while I had courage enough, at a pinch, to face the ghost, I hsd not enough to hitch thta horse. The horse was my final resort for a retreat, and I still did not know what, object I was facing, or iato what sort of ambuscade he was backing. I have heard that all men are cowards in the dark, and 1 partly believe it. Still I also believe that a man never really knows to what point his cowardice may be pushed back till he stands alone in the dark aud face to face with peril. I gained upon ruy ghost. At the last minute he got tangled in his own ghostli iiese, and stumbled-over a less ghostly com panion, and I was upon him and punched the butt of my whip against the white. It yielded, and struck flesh behind ; and thi ghost shrank, frightened from the impact. Then I seized tho ghost firmly. He stopped, but two skulking figuros ran away, and the ghost turned aud grappled with me. I was at a diandvantage with only one hand, but I gave him a wrench that even a ghost may not have found comfortable, and which elicited a cry of pain. It was tho retreating footsteps of his companions, however, that most distressed hira. As soon as ho heard theso ho was as much afraid to ho alono with mo as I had been to be alone with' him; and I took courage from hia fear, and from his solidity as well. My ghost; was not past fooling the pain of a wrenched elbow. I made another grab at hira, and got hira near the throat. Ho shook himself loose, but I held the cloth, and he disengaged himself from hla ghostly trappings and ran. A moment Liter ho fired his pistol, and then two othp.r pistol' shota came from hia companions ft little farllu'.r down the rood. * Tho danger was past. There was no chance of his hitting ma while ho ran, and his friends' shots were from a safe distance* It was far too dark for anything like certain aim, and I had no real idea that they wanted to hit me. It was their warning that I was not to follow them farther. I had not thought of following them. I. turned ' to inspect my capture. It waa made of two sheets and some light poles. The two main sticks were crossed, and the upper part made the horns, while the lower part was either held by, or fastened to, the chief ghost. The heod was a blown-up bladder,, and I mast say that is hideous bobbing between the horns was frightful out of all proportion to its real character. I guessed that the arms- were worked by the two assistants, but of this I was not sure. Their presence may have been for the sake of their moral support, I tried to take my prize home, but I could not get it near my horse. So I threw it into the creek, remounted, shouted a somewhat boastful defiance to tho ghost's friends, telling them/ if I remember right, ' where they could find the ghost, and that they would be found in the same place if they played ghost again, and rode off. A quarter of a mile ahead, as I followed the ridge, I saw another white object, ap proaching me, moviDg to right and left a3 the path followed the curves of the ridge. I was angry by this time, and ready to fight. I had had enough of ghosts for one night, I said to myself; so I bore down upon him at full speed. He looked terri fying as I came neart-rj and was manifestly coming at me along the 'ridge top. But my horse did not shrink from him as from the former one. In a moment we were upon him, and he turned with a bellow and fled down the ridge. It was a white steer. At another time he would not have st«rtled me at all, but after the experience at the sycamore- ; tree I was ready to see a ghost in whatever looked white that night. Even so, I am certain many people, in their nervous excitement, invest harmless objects seen at night and under unusual circumstances with all the attributes that make good ghost storiep. This, however, did not explain the first ghost ; but I did not have to wait long to laarn the truth. I reflected that if I told no one about it, and came to hear of it, the report that reached me must needs come from the ghost or his friends. Sure enough, within a fortnight a young man from the other district said to me — -'I / heered that you seed a ghost down by Bill Trooper's haunted dead sycamore.' 'I take it that you were the ghost,' said I. He stoutly denied the accusation, and I pressed him as to the source of his informa tion. And so it came out that he wqs not the ghost himself, but one of the kindred spirits that accompanied his ghostship. He gave mo tho names of the others, and I learned the animus of the ghost. There was a young lady in the Tamily where the teaeher boarded, and a young man who lived' near who was fond of her thought my frequent visits to the teacher were ad dressed to his lady-love. He devised this plan to discourage my visits, aud had no difficulty in getting his friends to assist so worthy an enterprise. That is the whole story, except that he is married now to the girl whom beloved and still loves. I am glad of it ; for I never. had the ghost of an idea of proving his rival — By Rev. W. E Barton in Boston Youths' Companion. 