BRUSHGROVE WESLEYAN ' CHURCH. IiAráo^HK'iÓTMmÁTIOÍÍ STOHE. On Saturday afternoon the yisiting;riiinisters and representatives to Synod, journeyed to Brushgrove by the Lorna tb take part in .the ceremony-of laying;«be foundation stone of a new church at that place. There was a fair complement of Grafton visitors,, and-the number was swelled to about 300 by those who attended from Ulmarra, Southgate', Cowper, and Brushgrove. . Proceedings commenced by a short service in the old church, which is . immediately adjacent to the site the new edifice is to occupy in a prominent position on the-bank of the river. The Ministers of Synod, with'^ Bev. T. H. Jaggers, occupied the platform, and after singing Hymn 903 and-prayer by Kev. J. P. Orr, Rev. B. B. Bowes delivered an address, stating that since he came into the building hie had tried te identify some of the faces, as on a previous visit to the district he came to Brushgrove and preached in that church. He was pleased to be. invited to say a Jew words on that occasion. The building to be erected was a sign of life: and vitality in the Church; they did not expect anything from a dead or moribund .church, for a dead church did nob build temples to serve the living God, nor raise large sums of money. The fact of their building showed that they were very much alive, and it showed they had pluck to start a new-enterprise. Had they been content to worship in the old building they would not have exhibited much life and vitality. It was said of Colonel I ngersoll that he foolishly made a prophecy that in a certain number of years no churches would be erected in the United States, and those already built would be used for other purposes. A Methodist took note of the agnostic's remark, and when the time he gave had expired, wrote him that Methodists were building churches, at the, rate of three a day, and sarcastically added that be hopea the Colonel would further assist the Church by making another prophecy. ' It was a sign of spiritual power that they were upon this new enterprise, and showed the loyalty on the part of the members to their Church. He would not be accused of having any sympathy with sacerdolatism,, for that was to him like holding à red rag to a bull. The sacerdotal party depended too much on embellishment or outward show, but the best embellishment of a church was the number of saved people to be found in it, and he hoped many such would be found in that Church. But it was possible to go to the other extreme, and there was a tendency on the part of Methodists. to not put sufficient embellishment on their buildings. It showed very little loyalty and love to a Church if the people who could build a stately edifice erected, one that would be mistaken for a barn. He was sure they would not put up a building they would be ashamed of. It was a noble thing on the nart of David, when he ' conceived the idea of building a temple for the worship of the true God, that it would correspond with the condition of the people who were building it. When they, were wandering, the Ark was temporarily pro- tected ; but when the people settled down. David thought it strange that, while he lived in a house built of cedar, the Ark was in a place made of Bkins., He trusted, with the support Mr. Howard would'receive, the Church would be erected free of debt. The Methodist churches, wherever erected, were always a guarantee. that evangelistic truth was to be brought to the front. It was alleged by some that they had not divine sanction to preach the Gospel and administer sacraments. They bad all the sanction they wanted, and . he believed John Wesley, Calvin, Knox' and' Methodist preachers were in Ape-stolic succession. He believed in the succession of the prophets and priests ; but the latter was a very poor succession. He was not speaking of the priesthood in con- nection with any particular denomination ; but the priestcraft succession was a poor business. Those who had the poorest record n the Old Testament were the Jewish priests. He rejoiced that thia building was going to be erected. It. would be a guarantee that the faith once delivered to the Saints would be preached in its purity. He hoped that the attendance would be good, and that the building would be always filled.. A man1 may attend church all b'i3 life and be one of the biggest villains unhung; but when he found an attendance bf true worshippers, he thought of the words of the Psalmist : "I love the habitation of Thy. house, the place where Thine honor dwelletb." After singing hymn 992, those assembled in the Church repaired to the site of the Rev. W. H. Howard, in à brief address, said they were deeply gratified to God for his mercy in assisting .them in that project, which had been in hand for some time. It might be thought that they were talking about building to little purpose, but they were not the best things that were run up in a day ; the most stable projects are not those of mushroom growth. It was their intention to have the building erected without debt. Had they been in a hurry they could have had a church erected-with a great flourish of trumpets signalising the result, have the credit of putting it' up within a short period : but it might have a debt upon it. They were* extremely eager to erect the church as a recognition or memorial to God . at the opening of a new century, and of showing their earnestness in his cause in that part of the Clarence district. The stone would be laid by the Chairman of the District, Kev. B. Allen, who in his younger days had the honor of opening the old church in its primitive condition, enlargement having subsequently been -effected. The church would be a substantial edifice of wood raised on brick piers, and the foundation stone, which would be under the centre of the porch, was presented by Mr. Arnold, of Regent-st., ' Sydney. He . announced that there would be placed in a cavity under tho stone a< jar containing copies of ' the Examiner and Methodist, current coins of tine realm, and a document giving particu- lars as to when the stone was laid, the year i of the Queen's reign, names of Governor, Chief. Justice, Premier, Member for the district, President of Conference, Chairman of the District, minister of circuit, and designer and. contractor for building, Mr. J. M'Kay, of Uftnarra. Kev. R. Allen, in the usual formal manner,1 declared the stone well and truly laid in the name of the Father, Son, and the Holy Ghost, and prayed- that "God would bless what had been done. He thanked .the Trustées for the honor conferred upon him in asking him to lay the foundation stone of a house for the worship of the one living and true God. He felt especially honored at being invited to take part in that ceremony, as he bad the privilege of preaching the first sermon ia the old church. A belief in God and a desire to worship God are fixed principles in human nature. We are reli- gious beings, and man had something in him that tongs for something higher than this world can -give him. He pointed out that early in the history of the world man began to erect buildings for the worship of God. When Noah looked out and beheld a desolate world he built an altar, and in the wilderness a tabernacle was erected for God's glory and worship. After tb*e settlement' of God's chosen people in the land of promise Solomon built a magnificent temple, '. where people could worship God in connection with their religious festivities. He hoped the church they were going to build would be in reality God's house, and a desire was expressed that it be opened without debt; It would not be God's houBe unless this were the case, and he trusted the trustees would be provided with the means of opening unencumbered by any liability. In erecting that building they recognised the fact of the spirituality of Christian worship, a grand feature ot* worship that did away with the ceremonial God is ever ready to accept sincere worship. They were not ritualists, and they aaust be. careful tb avoid extremes in this respect; but- they recognised the sanctity of the house erected for the glory and - worship of the Lord. They recognised that praise was an essential part of Christian worship, and' praise would be offered in that church.' They wanted to-day to have a full recognition of the claims of God upon: the gratitude of the people. " Let the people praise Thee ; let air th« people praise The« ; then shall the earth yield her increase, and God, even our God, will bless < us." -This is what they wantejd to-day in connection with their, federated Common- wealth, and he was pleased that there was an endeavour being made to recognise, the guidance of God by having the proceedings of the Federal Parliament opened by prayer. There would be prayer offered to God in the new church. At the dedication of the temple. Solomon trusted God would- hear the prayers of the people when they sought bis blessings ou their natural and religious life. They had the promise of God's* blessings in connection. with public worship, for when even two. or three were assembled in his name He would bless them. They recog- nised that preaching is an essential feature of Christianity in connection 'with united worship. He recognised that he was sur- rounded with men who are preachers. The Saviour commanded that they should preach' the gospel to every creature, and.they did so; not like the philosophers of 'Greece and Rome, who,did not go outside their respec- tive nations. . The.Apostles in the .first century of the Christian era went into Spain and other places right through the civilised world preaching the: word, and subsequent persecution could not uproot the seed they had sown. They were not a dead, church, but a living one, and were about 30,000,000 strong, and were not likely to be snuffed out id a short time. They claimed to be the largest Protestant church in the world, and this fact encouraged them in connection with the laying of that foundation stone. He need not refer to their destinctive doctrines ; they believed in the universal depravity of human nature, and at the same time they believed in the univer- sality of a scheme of redemption ; in a Trinity in unity.; in the divinity of the Son of God ; in a Divine Saviour. A Saviour not divine could be no Saviour at all/f The same grand old doctrines would be preached in that church as were preached by tbeir fathers in times past, and it pleased God by the foolishness of preaching .tosrsave . them that believe. .'They were proud to belong to the great Methodist Church, which was not dead, and they believed, in the providence of God, was not going to die. He joined with them in praying that God's richest blessings would rest upon their undertaking, and that the place to be erected would be blessed by the manifestation of God in the salvation of precious souls, and that it might hereafter be said " This man and that man were born there." Bey. W. H. Howard said that amounts subscribed by members of the congregation to the Century Fund had been allocated to I the building fund. He read a list of sub- scriptions to the fund totalling about 120 guineas. \- The sum of about £15-twas laid on the stone. : ; Rev. W. H'Callum said, as he journeyed down the river, he admired it much, and felt that the Macleay must give the Clarence the palm. As district secretary of the Century Fund he gave some particulars of its origin and progress. One suggested at home that they should endeavour to get 1,000,000 guineas from as many Methodisis, and the scheme was launched. - Ocher churches followed their example and started Century Funds ; the American Church was raising a large sum, and the Methodist Church was altogether raising about '6,000,000 guineas. They were endeavoring . to raise 50,000 guineas in N.S. Wales, and he urged the claims of the Fund upon them. The Brushgrove Band, under the con? ductorship of Mr. Sandilands, played several selections during the afternoon. After the ceremony of laying the founda- tion stone was completed, those assembled repaired to the parsonage grounds, forming a garden party, seats being distributed through the-grounds, while the band took a prominent position. Refreshments provided hy lady friends were partaken of. Rev. W. H. Howard, with assistants, carrying out all arrangements, ßnortly before the Lorna started homewards the passing thunderstorm caused the assemblage to seek temporary j shelter, but the. rainfall .was not as heavy as many would have wished. ! The new church will be about 40 x 24ft, of rather attractive design, and Mr. M'Kay, of Ulmarra, is the contractor. 