isterv of Cromforil Court, OR, MURDER BY SUGGESTION, LADY JOHNSON, Author of 'A Chance DeOay,' 'Within a Year,' &o.; . . . ICOMFZJSTlS STOAf.] oorYEioanJ. O^***\ N my «- fe * 2? turn from T-^—O the Conti ? 'C~tf«M nent, afew *M ^4~y ' y years ago, ^LyZ-- 1 '/ I received X J^'?zJL£**S7 * n v itation /-sr'^T—*'*^ from my \- -^^ -^7- old friend, ^^^ -^- Vera Lei ^t.4'.- cester, to join their s.i».T.»(ing' party on the 1st of September. During my absence abroad, and about nino months before, Vera had married a man of wealth and position. I had never seen him, but from the enthusiastic way in which her letters spoke of his virtues of heart and mind I insensibly drew the conclu sion that worldly advantages had had less than usual to do with her settlement m Me. Beins in a state of ill-health and nervous depression, I felt strangely disinclined for the gaieties of a fashionable housegather ing. Still, as eye-witness of my friends happiness, I hoped to dispel a few of my own gloomy thoughts, and in her sympa thetic companionship regain something of my lost cheerfulness. So I bought some new frocks, had my trunks packed, and left Paddington on the 30th of August for Crom ford Court, their place in Middleshire. _ I secured a corner in a first-class carriage, at the other end of which sat two ladies; and later a gentleman, whom I had observed to pass my window several times, got in and took the vacant seat opposite me. He was a fine man, tall, and of military appeararce. With the thoughtless criticism of absolute unoccupation I was deliberating on his claim to good looks when his eyes were suddenly turned upon me, and I ex perienced the curious sensation of being un able to withdraw my own. For a few seconds my. regard was arrested; then the consciousness of having been surprised in tne midst of an inquisitive stare made me flush hotly, and with an effort I turned my head away. , , For some time I did not venture to look in his direction. When I did so it was to discover him calmly reading a newspaper, and I soon caught myself again narrowly observing him. Yes He was certainly good-looking. Hair dark and wavy, nose thin, with sharply-cut nostrils, mouth that his heavy moustache prevented my seeing— and the chin was firm and masterful. How long my investigations lasted I know ,«it, but 1 gradually became dimly con scious of my curiosity being reciprocated. This time, unabashed, I continued my scrutinv, gazing intently into the strangely attractive orbs, irresistibly held by a kind of spell I was powerless to break, and I re membered no more. T was awakened by the opening of the ' carriage door, and just in time to see the tails of my opposite neighbour's coat dis appear. I was startled to find myself alone, the two ladies having departed during my. sleep. I drew out my watch. It was more than two hours since we left town. Then I looked for my dressing-case. Yes, it was there all right. I smiled at my fancies. Still it struck me as odd and unusual that I should have slept so soundly. We changed trains at Rentham, and ha.f an hour later, on descending at Fairtown.I was surprised to see my former travelling companion on the platform. The Leicester, brougham was waiting, and as I prepared to step in he approached, hat in hand, inquiring if I were Mrs. Faulkner. I bowed ' Then will you let me introduce myself .' My name is' Gresham Mrs. Leicester thought ifc probable we might be travelling fcv the same train.' 'The name struck me as familiar. Where bad I heard it before? He entered the brougham after me, and we talked during the short mile that intervened between the station and the Court. 'Yo'i were dozing so peacefully when I i-han^fed for a smoking carriage at Alder dale,' ho volunteered, ' if I had not seen you at Benibam, I should have come to look you up.' ' It was curious my sleeping so soundly. 1 never remember doing so before, travelling in the daytime.' He looked surprised. 'Indeed. The shaking of the^ carriage, I suppose ; and you looked tired.' ' Why did you not speak to me then, as you seemed to have had no difficulty in recognising me?' ' I was not quite certain until I saw you eet out at Fairtown. 'A young lady in Blight mourning.' Those were the only de tails Mrs. Leicester gave me.' We arrived at the house. It was just tea ^ time; but Vera deputed her duties to her ?' sister, and insisted upon carrying me off to jnyroom, where, after putting me into a gool wrapper and on to the sofa, she drew up & low chair in front of the tiny tea- table, ? and ministered to my wants, chattering in fier bright way, the picture of happiness. ' ' I told Captain Gresham to look out for you,' she said, 'and gave him such a description as would lead inevitably to his. recognising you.' I was a little startled. ' He went up to town on business yester day. I told him how nervous and unprac tical you were, in spite of all your journey ings, and begged him to quietly keep an eye on you ;' and she laughed merrily. 'Vera, it is not— surely, the Captain jGresham you were engaged to two years &%o ?' 'Yes!' and her cheek flushed ever so slightly. ' But that was all over and done pith long before I met George.' ^'But — how curious Be should be here.' 'Kot at all. My husband met him at Hombnrg, where he went to drink the waters a few weeks ago, and they saw a good deal of each other.' Something in my face made her add has tily, 'Have no apprehensions, you circum spect darling. We are good friends, but he is as indifferent to me now as I to him — or else he would not be here.' ' But Vera — surely you cared very much for each other at one time?' ? She hesitated. 'Did we? We were young and foolish in those days.' ?' And why did you not marry him ? I continued, with gentle persistence. 'Well, you see, he had only his pay, and I came to the conclusion that matrimony on those conditions was not good enough.' 'And he?' ' Oh, he acquiesced, of course. . What else could he do?' 'Then you jilted him?' ' Hardly that. It was a case of unro-vard arcumstances. We discussed them, and came to an understanding — mutually.' 'You never really loved him, Vera,' I continued .with conviction. ' 1 am afraid not,' balancing her teaspoon on, the edge 'of her cup. 'Ah, Gertrude, I was so tired of poverty. To enter volun tarily another^ state of it was beyond my xaonl jtrengtfc'V. ? . . .-. \ ' 1'heii your husband's /wealth^ was tie in ducement for yo.ii to marry him?' .} . I spoke .rather bitterly.- Having, made a love-match' myself and outlived my happi ness in. one short year, I was: intolerant, of the so-called '.' marriage de convenance. ' You are mistaken,' she answered, stead ily, and now the flush deepened in her cheeks. ' That George is welj off; I do not deny, is a source of considerable satisfaction to me. But I love my husband, Gertrude, and what is more, I honour and respect him more than I can say. And when you know Mm, dear, you will doubt me no more. I felt I had been over-hasty 'Forgive, me, Vera. I am disposed to.be horribly critical sometimes. I think the hot journey has disagreed with me.' And I put my hand on hers, and we fell to talking over, the events that had taken place in both our lives since our List meeting four years before. I did not see Mr. Leicester until dinner time. He was a tall, broad-shouldered man ? of forty-five ; not handsome, but with a face of remarkable intelligence, and his extreme courtesy of manner and quiet friendliness assured roe of the sincerity of my welcome. My delicate state of health prevented my being more than an 'onlooker at the various gay doings that took place during the fol lowing week. There was a ball one night, theatricals anotEer, and impromptu dancing every evening on the polished oak floor of the great square hall. With the exception of being taken in to dinner several times by Captain Gresham, I saw very little of him. - ? The strange impression made upon me from the first by the peculiarity of Ms gaze developed insensibly into a curious fear, wMch all my efforts of will were powerless to conquer. Truth to say, he affected my company as little as I could wish: Although unfailing in the ordinary observances of polite society, he never evinced any desire for my companionship, and we tacitly avoided each other as much as circumstances .would allow. To Vera he was deferentially ceremonious, courteously indifferent. Between Mm and Mr. Leicester there appeared to exist a frank good-fellowsMp that I could little under stand between two natures I instinctively felt to be the antipodes of each other. I had been there just a week, when that event took place, the consequences of which have affected my life ever since. We had gone .. upstairs about half -past eleven one night, the men on our departure retiring to the billiard-room for that cosy hour of smoky intercourse so dear to the masculine mind. It was late usually when they separated, so Vera said. I had been asleep some little time, when I was awakened by a curious feeling, startling in its horrible intensity, which made me conclude that I had bee'n disturbed by some bad dream, of which I had only a confused recollection. An irresistible longing to see my friend made me rise from my bed, and slipping on my dressing-gown, 1 opened the door softly and peeped out into the corridor. It was in darkness. Evidently the household had gone to rest. I was in a sleepy, half-dazed condition, and smiled to myself at the im pulse which would have sent me wandering over the silent house in the dead of night. Then I roused myself, took the unusual precaution of turning the key in my lock, and looked at my watch. It was half-past twelve. The men had doubtless come up early to-night. Then I lay down again, fell asleep im mediately and dreamed ; ' and this was my dream : I thought I was walking down the long corridor, towards Vera's bedroom, a wild impulse leading me on. I trembled with eagerness to confront her, to hurl at her the fierce invectives that rose to my lips, prompted by a strange malignant hatred at my heart. ? . [ loathed her soft, winsome beauty ; ab horred 'the pleasant friendliness 'with wMch she treated me. To witness her deep and perfect happiness, when my own was irre vocably wrecked, goaded me past endurance. Tc watch the outpouring of a love which had made my own heart desolate roused me to fury. I would see her — charge her with her falseness — lash her with the venom of my scorn and contempt — taunt her with _ her base and odious unfaithfulness. And in a moment of indescribable frenzy, I seized an Indian club, that lay on a cabinet on the top of the stairs. Then I went cautiously to her door, turned the handle gently and entered. The small wax night-l,ight shed a soft radiance, by which I perceived Vera asleep. I approached the bed and leaned over her. Her pretty head was dropped forward in an attitude of deep slumber ; her hair, tossed back, lay in its bright luxuri ance on the pillow, and I marked the glitter of her wedding-ring on the wMte hand that lay outside the coverlet. And then a frantic transport seized me, and all the deadly hate that I had hidden so secretly, all the sense of injustice and wrong that had been pent up in me so long, all the isalousy and bitter envy that had made of my life a hell for months burst forth and I became mad ! Mad with vindictive passion — mad with the delirious and intoxicating joy of one who feels that his hour of revenge has come. And then I raised the club in my two hands, and with a mighty swing I whirled it round my head, and — awoke with a great ory, to find myself rigid with horror, the cold sweat standing in beads on my temples, and my heart bounding with the indescribable anguish of a deadly fear. There was no more sleep for me that night. I rose and paced the room for hours, fighting with the awful dread that had so completely taken possession of me. On one point alone my brain was clear ; I must get away — away from the scene that might re call my ghastly vision.' When the sun was up I dressed, pondering the difficulties that lay in my path. I had the unenviable re putation of being whimsically uncertain in my movements, and generally erratic, but even that might fail to reconcile Vera to my immediate departure. Of my awful dream I determined to breathe no word. What T. apprehended I knew not, but a shuddering .terror of re maining longer* under that-Tobi ...had so com pletely mastered me, that I felt my reason would be imperilled if I stayed. When my maid brought in my early cup of tea, I gave her orders to pack, and feeling too ill to descend I sent a pencilled line to Mrs. Leicester, asking for a few minutes* conversation later. ' She came immediately after breakfast and in a few words I told her of my intentions. I pleaded a sudden ' crise de nerfs,' and my deathly pallor and extreme prostration gave a semblance of truth to the trite statement. I explained elaborately the imperative or ders of my physician, and the necessity of absolute solitude and isolation at such times. At first she was incredulous, then impatient at what she was pleased to call my 'crot- chety fads,' but gradually seeing the tears in my eyes and my air of utter weariness, her sweet nature asserted itself and she con sented to my departure on the condition that I should return and finish my visit later, when she. and her husband were alone. So I went back to town, took lodgings at Not ting Hill, and lived a quiet, humdrum life for several weeks. The effect of my strange dream was gradu ally wearing off, and my shattered nerves were beginning to regain their nevertoo great composure; when one day, looking over the morning paper, I was attracted by the heading of - a paragraph, ' Shocking tragedy in Middleshire,' and read as fol lows : . '' A sad and altogether inexplicable tragedy took place early an Wednesday at Cromford Court, 'the residence of George Leicester, Esq On entering his bedroom, about 1-30 a.m., Mr. Leicester was horrified to discover bis wife's dead body (the head of which was shockingly mutilated), on the bed. The unfortunate lady had retired some jvo honjs Ufortj «d njugt b»y« been asleep when the murderous onslaught was commit ted. A.- Indian club, covered with fresh 'bloodstains, was found op a'7;ab*mel '.'in Hue. corridor, at a; 'little distance from the bed-' room door.' From the'viblence of: the blow, it would seem that death had been instan taneous'; '?'- Medical aid was -at ; once ' sum moned, but Doctor Frith of Fairtown/ who was quickly in attendance, stated that' life had been' extinct more than an hour. ..No clue has been discovered as to' the .perpe trator of the dastardly crime, v Active in vestigations are proceeding.'.' .?'.-.. I istared, stunned, with horror, at the fatal liner My eyes seemed riveted on them. Over and over again I read them, in a dazed unconscious way, sometimes repeating them aloud as one :wlio cons a. lesson/ And by slow degrees, through, the. dimness of.rhy paralyzed understanding, the details forced themseives one by. one. into my brain.' The time, place, circumstances, even the instru ment of death were identically -the same as I had pictured in my dream.' ? And then my brain oegari to reel, a sudden blindness seized me, and with a. piercing . cry I fell prone to the floor in the . God-given res pite of insensibility. . ? To give 3-nyone healthy in mind 'and body an idea of the mental anguish I suffered dur ing the next twelve months is entirely out of my power. Close and . unremitting in vestigation had failed to elucidate, the mys tery of Vera's death. All the vigilance of skilled detectives had proved unequal to the discovery of the murderer. . ? I was torn asunder, by doubt and un certainty. Sometimes an. irresistible im: pulse to relate my dream to Mr. Leicester assailed me with such force, that I could hardly restrain from seeking Mm out for that purpose. 'At other times' I would ask myself what end it would*serve? The start ling coincidence- might add to his distress, but could aid in no .w.ay. in bringing the criminal to justice. The bitter' reflection; suggesting to me the possibility of my con fidence on this subject having acted as a warning, had 1 communicated it to Vera, was ever present with me. I had refrained from doing so, from a shrinking distaste to speak of it, and the latent fear that any relation of my night's experience might be met by jesting incredulity, and more decided opposition to my departure. Thus brooding, my mind fluctuating be tween a sense of duty and expediency, I lived in continual self-torment. I was worn to a shadow, and finally l)roke down so completely as to necessitate putting myself under skilled medical care. The world-wide reputation of Professor ? had reached me. I determined to seek his advice, and to travel by easy stages to Vienna for that purpose. My first interview was a little disappoint ing. He listened to my symptoms, treated my case with apparent unconcern, and sent me back to my hotel to rest and get ovc the fatigue of the journey. On my next visit he was more detailed, and made his inquiries in a business-like way that in ten minutes laid the Mstory of my life before him without reservation. The professor was old enough to have, been my father. He had a kindly manner and the sympathetic tact that invites con fidence. It was an inexpressible relief to feel that at last someone shared with me the secret I had not hitherto revealed to a living soul. He looked at me curiously as I told my story, putting odd questions now and then as to particulars, that struck me as being wide of the mark, but when I had finished he said, ' My dear lady, you are suffering from extreme nervous excitement and brain fatigue. I could suggest a remedy — hypnotism !' I was startled. Hypnotism! To my ig norant mind it was closely connected with supernaturalism. Vague ideas of being sub ject to an influence from which I could never more escape floated through my brain. Casually-heard-of cases of the unscrupulous exercise of- such an influence came into' my mind. He noted my hesitation. 'You are apprehensive,' he remarked, smiling. ' The suggestion' startles you.' ' Ye-es,' I replied. 'I had never thought of it. But ? ' He interrupted me, taking off his spec tacles, and looking across with kindly serious eyes. 'My- child, you are young, and God and I alone know what you have gone through. My work in life is to relieve suffer ing. I can alleviate yours. Will you let me try?' I burst into tears. And when I left Mm, soothed and consoled by his hopeful words, it was with the understanding that I should begin at once the treatment from which he anticipated - such good results. Some weeks elapsed. A certain portion, of each day I spent under the hypnotic in fluence of the Professor, and woke from my trance in a delicious state of quiet calm I had not known for years. The experiment was successful beyond my farthest hopes. Sleeplessness — one of the most obstinate features of my case — had passed away, and my nights were spent in natural slumber, instead of in the weary tossings consequent on the activity of a wakeful brain'. My nerves w#re calmed. I had put on flesh and regained sometMng of my former good spirits. Life seemed less sombre, and I be gan to take an interest in many of my old pursuits. My gratitude to the Professor was bound less. It was to him I owed my recovered strength, my repose of mind and body. At his advice I was leaving for a time to take a course of waters at Marienbad. I had gone to say ' good-bye ' to him. When I' was admitted he was pacing the room,, seeming ly disturbed. I sat down, and after a few turns he stopped in front of me. ' ? 'There is something I want to say to you,' he began, ' and I have been debating as to whether it would not be better left unsaid.' ?, I was silent, a trifle perplexed. 'I think you are strong enough to bear it, and yet' — he hesitated — 'if it affects' you harmfully after all we have accom plished ? ' and he paused meditatively. My- interest was fully aroused. ' I am : strong enough to bear anything, except'—- smiling — ' unsatisfied curiosity.' ? He took a chair opposite me, and felt my pulse. 1'. ? ' Calm andstrong. Very well. Now tum your thoughts back for a moment. Do you remember, in answer to certain questions of mine, telling me of a vi.. .or in Mr. Leices ter's house — one to whom your friend had been formerly engaged, and to whom you had taken an unaccountable aversion?' ' Perfectly. It was Captain Gresham.' 'And I think you said you had travelled there with -Mm?' 'Yes, from London.' ' Can you recall any incidents of the jour ney?' I reflected. He continued : ' Were there . any other occupants of the railway car riage?' ' 'Yes Two ladies — at l.east for a part of the way. We all got in at Paddington. They got out somewhere, while I was asleep.' . .. His eyebrows lifted just a trifle. ' J3o you often sleep in the train?' 'N--. . But I did 'that day. I slept two hours.' ' ' Wa-s Captain Gresham seated opposite to you?' 'Yes.' He was silent for a moment — then, 'Now, reflect, before you answer me ; have you any reason to suspect that Captain Gresham hypnotised you ?' . ..-..??. ' I started .visibly. It all flashed back on my memory — the peculiarly attractive -eyes — the extraordinary sensation of powerless ness — and then my long deep slumber. , I related it in detail. ' „ ...... 'That clears things considerably,' con tinued the Professor. 'I knew you had been under Ms influence somewhere.' '' I ' Under Ms influence?' I cried. 'But ho-w — where?' ? . ? '. '.' '. | ge hesitated-fts if to cbooee.hiji -ffordj, - ; ''It is a sad story, dear young lady, ana one I should never, have confided- to you had I not felt that it must rest with you whnlher this man bo brought to justice or not.' ' Forwhat? I do not- understand you.' 'For— murder !' *. : I rose in great excitement 'Murder I Do you mean that it. was — h« — who killed my friend?'. ' Not actively, but by suggestion.' And he quietly put me back iu my chair. I was speechless. 'Now listen. It is a well-known fact that under certain conditions . the operator can suggest to his subject, in hypnotic sleep, acts and thoughts which on awaking the subject proceeds to carry out. And — now mark what I say — although the hypnotised person may, on awaking, commit acts, even crimes that were suggested to Mm in his sleep, he will have no recollection of the suggestion having been made to. him ; and the only way to discover that such baneful influence has been at work is to re- hyp-'' notise- the subject by another operator,' when, by careful questioning, all the former suggestions may be elicited.' ^ , My. wide-open eyes gazed at him with the intensity of one who is straining every faculty to comprehend an insoluble mystery. He proceeded. ' From sundry words un consciously uttered by you in sleep, coupled with the information I already possessed, I had no hesitation in essaying this experi ment — with the result that every detail sug gested to you under the hypnotic influence of that cruel monster, for the cold-blooded murder of your friend, Was revealed to me. NotMng remained but to discover the time and place of his acquiring that power over you.' For some time I failed to grasp the sense ? of Ms words. He explained it again slowly and patiently, and by degrees the enormity of the risk to which I had been exposed became clear to my bewildered brain. Even then it was with difficulty I could be per suaded of the certainty of my own guilt lessness, i. I was frozen with horror. I leaned for ward eagerly, with lip's that almost refused their office. 'Is it true — quite true — what — you—tell me?' . .. 'I swear it. Calm yourself, my dear young lady. You had no hand in that aw ful crime.' 'But my dream?' I wMspered, fearfully. . 'Thank God it was only a dream.' ' By some inexplicable agency, Ms vile project miscarried. Your brain alone car ried out iat sleep the deed he suggested to you to commit in reality.' ' But — who — who — ?' I could get no further. He repeated my question. 'Who? Ah, that is just what one must find out. In your case he was unsuccessful. There must have been another.' ' Another I' I echoed. ' Certainly. He was evidently no novice. An expert hypnotist would easily select a subject. A passing flirtation — the solitude of a tete-a-tete — would give Mm the oppor tunity. I should say it would very likely be some lady staying in the house.' 'l shuddered. ' When a man arrives at such a pitch, he has no compunction. He will employ any tool that comes to his hand.' ?? My brain was gradually dealing. ' But that poor creature — whoever it was . — must be conscious of her. guilt.' 'That is the strange part of it. It is & most extraordinary case, but I am inclined to the opinion that the person who com mitted that murder rose from her bed and did it in her sleep.' 'And has no remembrance of it?' I gasped. ' None whatever.' I felt sick and faint witn mingled emotions. He went on. 'Although totally ignorant of the in fluence inciting her, no woman, unhardened and unskilled in crime, could consciously ;. commit' fiiurcler; with' indifference. Besides,' I have a great respect for your English police. Had any of the guests in that house — consciously, I repeats-done that fea.^tl deed, I have no hesitation in saying that concealment of_his or her guilt would have been impossible.' After a pause he continued. 'Listen to tfie facts of the case, as I gathered them from you. No one left the house, no one was found to have entered it.. Not the shadow of a suspicion rested, upon any of the servants, and all the gentlemen were down stairs at the time of the murder. The poor lady had not an enemy in the world, save that man, and that enmity was guessed by no one, but yourself. Now what more likely than that this man should have chosen a subject to execute Ms brutal de signs — have by suggestion indicated the time, circumstances, and even the instru ment 'of death, and also that Ms victim should do it — in her sleep?' By the light of events and my own ex perience I could see the plausibility of his reasoning. ' And now,' he concluded, ' it is in your hands to denounce the murderer.' I started up with a loud cry. ' Never ! Never will I bring remorse and guilt home to the poor soul, who before God is juiitless.' 'And the ends of justice?' he inquired quietly. ' Justice !' I felt the blood surge up into my face, and my eyes were blazing. ' The real murderer is tfiat vile man! I might, but for the merciful intervention of Provi dence, have had my hands stained with the blood of my friond ? And should I be the one to wreck the life of another woman as in nocent as myself, in order that«he may get his deserts?' ? . ' The Professor was seated and had covered his face with his hands. I went on mj knees beside Mm. 'Oh, my friend,' I wailed, .'you whose life is sp°nt in the service of your fellow creatures, you who had such; sympathy for the sick and the sorrowful, you who knowj the workings of the human heart and mind, as it is given to few to know, you could not urge me to bring upon a morally guilt less woman the life of Mdeous remorse and misery that I myself have so narrowly escaped?' ? . - Then he uncovered his face and took my clasped hands in his, own. 'It was for you to decide, my child. 1 tMnk you have chosen* the right course. Let us leave it to One?' of whom it is '=aid, 'Vengeance is mine.'' I did not go, to Marienbad after all. For weeks I was prostrate from nervous exhaus tion, consequent on the shock produced by the Professor's disclosures. And when once more, by his help and encouragement, I took up the burden of my life, it was with the consciousness, of carrying to my own grave the weighty, secret which, had he not shared ifc, must have bowed me to the ground. Two years later I was in Paris. Acci dentally meeting an American friend one day we went to lunch together at Bignon's. We-r were seated^and discussing the menu, when a gentleman walked in, took' the table next us, and sat dovm opposite to me. I raised my eyes as I p?ssed the winecard to my companion, and met those of Captain. Gresham. He -was changed almost pas^ recognition. His hair was white, Ms fea tures drawn and Laggard. It was the face 'of a man ^weighed down by a deadly fear. But the eyes were \^e. same— soft, dark and luminous, with the sombre light in them I remembered so well For a moment we looked at each other, then he rose, and taking his hat,' passed out quickly into the street. My friend had been a spectator. ' What a strange men !' she exclaimed. 'He has the face of a ciiminal. And you ? my dear, why, you look ^ if you had seen a ghost.' Arid to t'his day that man, whose life I hold within my hand, walks God's earth, free. And Vera Loicester'a &a;£h iepun» 