ABOUT SOLDIERS1 WIVES tin1 «Hf*!ef an Aimriran m»Mht— wlirn hr lia|.jii'n» Vn lie iiiotk'! lm» n ????inrwraiivly lisi|i|iy Umr of il. l»»l H ?? ?liflrivnl H«i wliciv and llii' -'-itidtl4uii ?? at It* wurkt in ICiikIhiiiJ. N'ii hup ll'-iii tu l)i' Ui)d I hot tlir mjorlrl. jaekel of tlw ilritinli (uiMiit if the iprabiit iniTiitivo to matrimony known to llm civi lifciH) wnrM of women. Indent, there is rmi mdcmlilr grumbling, not to pay ui-lij;imUoii, on t liif* wore in »umr i|iiiirtrrf. Il {b pretty i;i'nonilly kimwii that tin* koI ilicr hoR a Hiincc|)lib)c' heiirt Ui'ainij; behind Iiik lunir, but who mops lo inquire liow the admirable Alkiiio, with Iiik shilling n duy, is enabled l/i k-M-|i a wif« and children ? -;«li-ni!l (iildva, the Chiiirtuaii of tin* Kim liflh Soldiers' aud Sailurn' KamilicH Ahhociu tion, in an interview raid :— ' you are quite rii»hl in saying that Eng lish soldiers arc a marrying coinmunily, but ilon 'I ask me llow they manage to keep their wives. There are thousand* of men and women trying to live od tlic soldier's allow ance of a' shilling a day, and 1 don't suppose 1 am far wrong in Baying that at least n third of them arc half starved. The women en deavour to augment the family income by doing a little washing, and that sort of thing ; but, at its best, it is only verr casual employment. ' Now, the aim of our Society is to afford tjtmnnrnrv relief to the families of soldiers and sailors, and I can assure you they stand in need of a great deal of relief. Our chief considerations are not to pauperise and not to encourage matrimony. It is madness for a private soldier who hat nothing but Mb pay coniiug-iB to marry. *. . -*** * . ?' But first lot me explaiir what marriage in the English army means.. Only nix per cent, of the men in each regiment are per uiitted to marry, 'and then only if tliey.pos sess the requisite qualifications. For ex ample they must have served for a period of not less than seven years, and they must have atieast £5 in the savings bank. ??They have, in fact, to be trustworthy men who have earned two good conduct badges. The wives have theirquarters in the barracks and go abroad and return with their hus bands at the Government's expense. ' Contrary to an impression that exists outside the Service, however, if the remain ing 94 per cent, marry, as many of them do, without, the conwnt of the authorities, they commit no military crime. ' They caunot be punished, but no accom modation is provided in banacks for tlicir wives, who enjoy none of the privileges that are allotted to the wives of the others. To speak plainly, they have to struggle on upon the soldier's pittance and whatever else they can make. You can imagine what a sorry plight these women are in when I tell you thai it is quite common for a soldier's wife to have from live to eight children. ' But this isn't by any means all with which they have to contend. When a regi ment moveB, nay, from Portsmouth to Edin burgh, or to India, every one of these women is left behind, while their more fortunate sisters accompany their husbands. ' They arc left with no provision what ever from the Government, and I need not remark that very few of them have the money to follow their husbands. What we do, therefore, in addition to assisting those in sickness and making temporary giants, is to send them after their husbands where we can. ' Does the gallant Tommy, then, desert his spouse? ' ' 1 am afraid that some soldiers when go ing on foreign service desert their wives until they' return. That is to say, they leave them to take their chance. A soldier who is married but not by regimental allowance can, by the Army regulation, be subjected to a stoppage of threepence a day — a nice large sum isn't it — for the support of his wife and family while he is away, but he can only be put under this stoppage on the application of the wife herself or by voluntarily sub mitting to it.' ' It seems as if Mr. Atkins ought to be better paid. How do you fare in trying to dis Buade a Boldier whose manly heart is burst ing with love from embarking on the treach erous sea of matrimony? ' ' We try to dissuade the girl — not the man,' Colonel -Gildea replied, smiling.' The majority of girls haven't the ghost of an idea what a soldier's life is like. They are fascinated with the red coat and don't give a thought to the future. ' Affairs are very dUferei&Un; the Eng lish Navy,' the colonel added. ' .No man is supposed to marry in the Boyal Navy. Strangely enough, the authorities don't recog nise the wife of a sailor when the sailor is . living, but if he dies on duty or is killed sho is awarded a pension. Now with respect to a Boldier the wife only gets a pension if he succumbs in war. Should he die in barracks through sickness or by accident she is left to shift for herself. ' , ?' Sailors' wives are in a much bettor position when they are separated from their husbands than the wives of soldiers, inasmuch- ? as on a ship being commissioned for foreign service there is an unwritten law among Bailors that every man shall make an allot ment of something like half his pay in favour of his wife or any relatives - dependent upon him; and although' the Admiralty don't recognise these people, they undertake to make the stoppage and to band over the Bums to the payees aB soon as they become due. A Bailor who neglected to conform tothiB praiseworthy principle would have a bad time of it with his mates.' 