" The Shadow of Fernbrook." •A Romance of Maori land. [ALL EIGHTS RESERVED.J CHAPTER XIII. MAUD CABLINGION. By Atha Weetbury. The days are gladsome days for Ralph Warne, in the beautiful August weather, and in that grand, ruined old .city by the Adriatic. With a boldness surprising even to himself, the young colonist has told Prince di Roumaine all, even to that episode at the Bravo's Leap. The banker opens his eyes m wonder, and al-r mo&t; lifts his shoulder blades to the tips of his ears in one amazing shrug; but the Italian is a man of the world, and though proud of his name and his race as any Spanish, Don of the Al- ; hambra, he sees that his darling "Mio Caro" might do worse than marry this handsome milord, the son of his English friend. At first the prince assumes a stern, unyielding front. It is the policy of his clique not to give way readily. Vio- !ants-is~very young7" She -liiay C cha*nge" lifer mind by-and-by©,- he Argues. Besides, his young guest may find a more suitable "wife amongst the fair dames of his own nation, and so on. The combined efforts of the lovers, however-, soon storm the citadel. There is no rest for the poor "padre" morning, noon or night, until-in sheer despair be cries "peccavi." It is arranged that- Violante shall remain' with, her father one year longer,, If at the end of that- time all things are" favourable, Prince di Roumaine will 30urney with his daughter to New Zea^ land, where the pair shall be marrusd. f The betrothed are satisfied with this assurance, and the days and weeks go swiftly by for them, in one bweet noontide dream of happiness. ' In those delightful August days Alton I<yndhurst set himself resolutely to work. The great book that is to be his masterpiece has been, advanced a stage, but it has been put aside for other work just at present. ' News has come Jfco him &omi; time to time of the many changes that haye taken place in Maoriland. " A war of extermination is rending the colony asunder. Men are plentiful, but the Government coffers are empty. There are no 1 munitions of .war, save that raised by a patriotic band consisting of some twenty persons, and whose headquarters are situated in the city of Auckland. Jjady Blanche Trevor and Victoria© Gaytend are the foremost personages - in the work. The latter iias taken tp the stage. Nightly asiid all the uncertainty -and terror reigning throughout the - land the "Princess' Theatre'* is crowded, from roof to doors, to hear Captain^ Hargraye's daughter. Newspapers have columns in praise of ^ her beauty and her talent. Musing over these things the novelist has woven together -a brisk comedy for the Princess in which Victorine Gayland shalLform the centre of attraction. He knows the kind of -creation that will fit her for in the "yeats jgoxie by he has studied her every tone and gestuie. All this blue, otybdless autumn morning- the young author has been roam- *re&feLessly; about 4:h old In hm idimoi wiJit tJ»rtn_,hi \i"Iiu linu i- too fanciful. To ®f«se, and dreaan^Ta&d; weave -airy*" images, without form or conneotion, v fits his mood. He goes down to the green hollow behind the bankers villa, a dusky dell, in whose bottom lies shimng lake of clear spring water wish, fringed and full of deeps and shallows. Standing upon the reedy margin, lie toegms to cast stones therein, and to watch the widening «iroles. "My friend has won a noble wife, he says to himself, these fickle fancies of his shifting from the phantasmal world of polite comedy to real life and Ralph Warne. "She is just the kind of girl for good women to admire and for jerring men to reverence and avoid. Tut! tut! Alton, my man, there is aio danger for thee here. Few men of letters- have ever 'mated wit-h your superior -women. Perhaps Shelley is the only ^instance, and he found his hapffflness by a fluke. He ±hr<*WB another stone into the Jake, sAooth as -the placidest, mill-pond, when a well-known voipe breaks in on his reverie., „ ^ . "Hallo^ What, -jails the© wanderer? Why thou musing here jaione instead -of preparing for the picnic? It pras the voice of,his friend 1 , who came languidly forrsrd with, a huge cheroot ip his mouth. "It's coasumedly hot," replies' Lyndhurst, peevishly. "I rather admire some people who are never content except when being baked, or boiled. Today I have ho desire to test .how much my anatomy can bear without being absolutely'grilled." > "SJjKdeaf fellow, you are killing yourself with hard work/' says the other in a more serious tone. "I have scarcely seen yon for two whole days," Lyndhurst laughs. "Find a Juliet for me, 'moo ajni,' and you will nob see me at all." •> Wartie shifts his eye- glass with a nervous twitch..' '®gad,Tllido that if you will only promise to play Borneo .in proper* fomi 1 '"he/answered. A?<Do you know : we are fo have most dt the notables .inr Yenics -at our 'al fresco' party?" ^Besides, £*>&ere; -will be;->ur wuntr^omen, ^ife- *£Jol&iifel;' ; _ „ bw^aMiy^jBcomj Lo»dojrtwo ; ada;ys -fgo^S^et a fillet! for yourself, and be happy, r -Our departure from hence is close at band/' with, >m "I wish it was to-day, Wame," responds the novelist. Then, seeing-a look pain OIL his companions face, added quickly, "So far as your humble servant is concerned. I have .received a letter this morning from our unhappy land, the contents of which make me long to return, at once. *Ehe Maories, have over-run' almost the whole -of the Northern Island'/ asid it behoves ev6ry man of us » take Tip arms and repeL them. Dear Warne, I feel like a kicked fcur, dawdling fcway my time, Instead of being in the van with those who are striving for the Miration of our hearths and home®. 15 Waffle sighs again, lights^ a cigar— hi» third since breakfast—''Lyndhurst, if we are not shipwrecked, you Bind I will be at our posts in little more than ft moUth,' he responds, shaking his friend's band. -"In three days I intend to be in London. Thetace Maoriland, bo! You join us to-day P' 'With pleasure." £Iton Lyndhurst go«e back again, to the house, which by this time is beginning to fill with visitors. There are voices speaking in Italian and English, _and laught-er, and banging of doors, iaterlarded with the tones of a grand piano. One of the Miss Masons is. hammering out Thalbet^'s "Last Rose of Summ r" in a manner which shows unmistakably that this young lady's musical education is altogether of tJe florid school. Alton, looks neither-to the right nor to the left, but goes up to his own room, a large, airy chamber at the back of the mansion, overlooking 1 the lake and the wooded slopes- that rise from it. Poor Violar.te has vied with her kind-hearted padre making the young colonists comfort-able. The novelist's portable writing-desk, a piece of furniture altogether perfect in its appliances, stands invitingly open by the window. Mr. Lyndhurst seats himself thereat, and begins to toy with an ivory paper-cutter. Tired of that, he amuses himself opening and shutting every tiny drawer of the machine, until his eye glances upon a photograph in a Velvet frame lying in one of them. A woman's photograph, naturally, or that thoughtful look—half tenderness, half perplexity—would hardly cloud his face as he contemplates it. A woman s face, delicately painted as. a- miniature on ivory, not a common face, yet not absolutely beautiful, features small, and finely-cut eyes, darkest ~ haze!: hair which ttie busk just parted. 'And such hairl It fSBa over the slender figure like a mantle, falls almost to the knees. The woman is dressed in some loose, semi-classic robe, girdled at the waist, high, to the throat, buc sleeveless, leaving the small, round arm bare to -the shoulder, the tapering hand displayed to perfection. The photographer must have beea an artist who posed the lady: for this portrait." Alton replaces the picture with, a "I ought to write my level best for her/' he says to himself. "I can think of her only as "Victoria© Hargrave, the daughter of my Shakespeare-loving, jolly old friend, -not as the fine ladywith a hug© fortune and a faaiciful irhim for the stage. Helgho!" He itaiur aver the folios of a closely-writtea maftTfficripfe, dips hid pea in the ink. "Enter €ecil Bailinseote. No! The Muse has entirely abandoned me today. Smiling Thalia averts her face. Nothing but the classics will euit Victorine Graylaaid." The dramatist drops his pen, and; looks drearily out of the window. In the matter of dreaming his Pegasus has a free'r^in, and manages to get over the ground at a brisk -trot without the assistance of the Mtiseg. "Poor Victorine," he sighs at length. "It is useless attemptiag work to-day; Ceeil Balinscote $ad the rest of the dramatis persottse of my modern comedy are -as dumb *s the sphinx. Provoking rather, for I thought I should hav» dashed off my three acts in a "week ~ or eo, and posted it off to the Princess', and so have redeemed my promise. PshawJ Why promise? Why trouble myself at all about her ladyship aaad her freaks? What is Mrs. Gayland tojne?" It seems a knotty "point to answer, considering the time he takes to ponder the question. He thinks over it as he -puts-away hisi- rpapers, and .after that little iask s accomplished, instead of going into luncheon^ he lights -a cigar, "and haunters off into the* pme-grOv^, reflecting, as he goes. = "After Jail came "dit -this trip purely: for westr aad i-eca eataon, and I dent see; jRhy i-ib Hold won y„ m^Beli'into a fctcr land te star m.* s^Ell go-to "the^pibnic. * By^the tiia6"4ie reaches the courtyard of^the Delia tie Roximaine, he finds Ms friends iiave mustered for the march, the ladies m an alarming majority. "Ah, truant,- you have turned up, 1 ! cues Bai on , a rising violinist and a: bachelor, but? with a volubility'of small talk equal to six ordinary bachelors. "Gospetto! we thought you "were lost like one of de babes in de wood." * "Count Polquin, famed for three things, viz., head, "moustache, and paunch, is also of the party, «nd plays second fiddle to Baromi admirably. The party have decided to walk. A -spot among the breezy hills "of Santo Garlo is to be their destination, and they have^arranged to .return by moonlight. The way they go is delic ou^ through narrow paths, between strong ^anks clothed." with ferns and mosses, with pine trees rising tali on the rough slopes above 5 ~ then, past a group -of mighty trees, beneath which recline in easy indolence a dozen or so of stalwart Bohemians halting for a midday rest. " They have to climb steep and narrow patches of "rock, ford a" torrent Jiere and there, which impediments are 'provocative of much mirth to 'our It is long past noon as they ascend^ the wooded-ralige of the mount. ^'Don't look round, one of you ; till you. come to the top," cries the violinist, whereupon everybody turns instantaneously, and there is a simultaneous gush of admiration, from the English party. Uehind them, around them everywhere in the sunny distance rise the hills; dark, an4 "brown, and barren, painted against the fight^ aaid the deep blue sky. "Beautiful.'" 1 "How lovely ! J ' \- "Josa-ought to have -waited till you got'to frhe brow of the hill," says the volatile JBarosa, vexed that "coup dei theatre"" should be Jost? The party halt on the crest of^ Santo Carlo, and look back. • The panorama 1 is a little /wider'here - „they,=see -deeperinto the woqdedi raSxges,:;, and' jthfe ^vali ley -TPher^^'J&pa;^ 1ike a-iong r |aver' serpent. ®iey gaze • 'out at ""fhe^iH^iit^" dots, forming the homesteads of the wine-growers, scat-; tered far. apart among the "hills, 'and beyond these, to the wide blue sea, still, calm; an v d glittering like a vast sapphire in the distance. For a moment everyone of them is as ardent - a worshipper of nature as Wordsworth himself. But the air blows fresh on these green heights, and -hunger begins to assert his sway in such a manner tthat there is a unanimous call to dinner. The meal is fcoon spread in a shady, nook, with a tiny cascade of" clear water in olose jnmimity €or making tea. Gold meats, Polish bread, strawberries sand peaches are Sully appreciated after that long walk. The ladies oonsuime orange pekoe in an alarming manner, considering the paucity of tea-oups available. "It's very odd/ says Alton Lyndhurst, gazing out Tit the undulating landscape before him, "that men tean turn their backs upon nature, and shut themselves in houses like packing cases breathing sewer gag and such like poisons^ when jhere can be had the essence or vigorous health." "Pah! my dear friend," responds Count Polquin, "the Italians are gregarious animals, one and all. Nothing so attractive to us as the crowd, and no doubt that is a curious indication of how small a world we posses within ourselves. Such men. as Dante could afford to inhr bit solitudes. He had his world within,." "You speak, sir, as if thoughts and fancies were better oompany than men and women," cried Warne, laughing. "Per baocof not I. I lore this scene as a picture, but I doubt my capacity ; for being out of the thronged city," replied the count. ?The press -and conflict of life are necessary to my being. I admire the country, but its beauty and its tender tranquility would be the death of me." "Oh, we will consider this, an enchanted isle, with Oouat Polquin for our Caliban," whispers Baroni to £dith Mason, which remark sends that young lady into a fit of laughter jost as she is about to Bip her tea 0 causing the aromatic liquid to flow the way not intended by nature for its reception. . They are very anerry over their Gipsy repast. When it is ended the party begin to wander away in twos and threes. "Now remember, ladies and gentlemen!" shouted the jjrinee, " we all meet at this spot at eight o'clock. We shall have the full moon to accompany us home. 1 ' , Delightfulk, It ^if ir „,the forehand." > >- Alton, Lyndhurst . Maud £Jarlfngton wander away tidown the bed of the • cascade, -where dusters of white Florentine lilies border its course, like fairy sentinels. There is a soft, musical ripple in the air like the fall of many fountains. Overhead the myrtle stands out green -and fragrant, from which comes, the vesper of many birds. The novelist has anchored himself by the side of the young lady during the whole walk, and has played Borneo like a man who has a part quite unsuited to him. He ias carried on, a fusilade of small talk without even 'so mucli fts casting a glance at her to satisfy -himself whether she is fair ofr dark, tall or short. When he does look at her, he is surprised at the wondrous ,charm and beauty of her person. To a man " of Lyndhurst*s enthusiastic yearning for the beautiful a handsome woman had its attraction, but his admiration" went no further than the mere gratification which beauty ever gives to the eye of an artist. In Maud Carlington, however, he found himself" face to -face with something loftier and nobler than common beauty. To one who imagined he had turned the world inside out, like an old glove, and found nothing of freshness or ~ innocence in it for him, the sight of this fair, pure, girlish face looking up at hqn in guileless enjoyment inade him, draw a deep breath of gladness, as if,he felt himself in a purer atmosphere than the air of his every-day existence. The Complexion; is not fair, but has that fresh bloom which comes of an open-air life; the eyes are darkest grey, so dark that, till they turn and meet his own, Alton \ thinks them black; the'hair'darkest brown, and -superabundant, for the thick plaits coiled closely at the back of the head are innocent of jpaddinjg. Franker, fairer face never smifed upon mankind. _Nol dangerous - fascination here—nothing _ of the siren or the coquette f in this young English maiden —jh> "histo y" n. her glad, young life. The novelist has plenty of time to sljudy the" face of his companion as they twead their way ovi i tlio Ik i'_Ii<»> of Santo sGarlo. As a weaver ^eF ro-: maneg, -he 3s uiaibHiG^ily^WSstidenit of^ liiSSan thoi almost ret c 'has fancys^he steems fc rustic innocence nbt 4hf innbtfehce ofl the milkmaid, or shepherdess^ but damsel of lofty race, simple ^as Perdita, hi^h bred as Bosalihd. She isi certalnly beautiful, more absolutely beautiful than he had believed her at first. The dark, rich hair, which waves a little ajt'lhe- temples,^ tsnfe -pen-- cilled eyebrow, the noble modelling of the mouth . and.,chin, -might satisfy the most exacting critic. There is mind in that fair young -face. "I was so pi eased-*-to 'hear from"*?Mr. Warne that, you are the Mr. Lyndhurst, ''she' says/somewhat slowly, the author,, whose books- ;have ^giveTn us so i much pleasure." ' The novelist pauses, surprise depic- ted on every feature "of his face. "I was not aware that my poor effusions had travelled so far," he responds, quietly. "I am proud to think "that our antipodean ideas are deemed worthy of perusal, however." ""Fame, like Truth, will have place," she answered, gaily. "By the way, do you know a fcertain Colonel Langrove, of Mount Tapea?" "" - " - -"Know him! The e&Ipmel; is one of; my most intimate friends," cries'the other. , - , "He Js also my uncle," replies Maud Carlington. ^'For some years we have had our regular monthly mail from the mount. 15 "With all its 'New Zealand- gossip, newspapers, magazines, letters, etc?" interrupted^ Alton, laughing. "Tru'y so; mamma, who is a tremendous reader, devours a box (full of literature every mail. -I know jshe : ,is not fond of novels generally, biit„ she your 'Ferawlale Holms' twice -over, jarid was so delfghted. with it that I, being a woman,,/ and having a woman's^ ruling yice—curiosity—rmust needsperuse it, as a matter of course." "Ah! if vanity had. sway with-me, I should be tempted to say that the prevailing malady of women had .smitten me, Miss .Carlington," he . answered, banteringly. "Men are always curious to know—I mean especially -literary men—what, reception^ i^he, airy creations ofatheir^hrains may ""have "at,, the, hands: "To£\ 'tKose read ^aad- atttemjpC %o anatomise-them/' - j She turns a shy, upward -glance at him, half serious, half arch. '1 cannot lay claim to any subtle dissection, in the matter of fiction," she says, quietly. "Your story is not like the majority of books I have read." "Why, pray?" "Because the characters appear so real and lifelike. Men and women who have suffered and' sinned, and the sinning and suffering with its brief alternate gleam of sunshine ere so vivid that, when you have reached the end of all you lay Howm the work, wonder whether this can be purely imagisatfon.'' \- AltdBi LyncQiflirst opens wide his eyes' in astonishment. Were it not for the gl&d;, girlish expression on her young, fresh face, he would accept her words as the greatest flattery.- "I did not know that young ladies of the present day—with their schools, their village poor, their housekeeping, gardening, church-going, operas, and what not—had time to study modern romance," he answers, after a long pause. "Perhaps" it is because of one's numerous duties that a $uiet hour's reading is all the more enjoyable, -she responds. "Ah, Miss Garlington, you live only to do good to othersi. My ambition is but to win a shred of fame for myself. How sorry a bmsinesB mine, in comparison," he says, with deepest sigh. No surer, straigihter way to a woman's > heart 4jha&v;>&gjff.; depreciation. Maud CarliSigt^tf tarns a look at his' thoughtful >face. From that moment she is interested" in him. "Fame has been, and ever will be, the noblest ambition of man," she responds, with just the faintest tinge of a blush rising -to her face. "Who would be-great amongst the mass, save those who had aspired to fame?" "True, yet there is no higher name than Grace Darling's Among English women. This lady owes her renown to heroic acts, not to genius. Come," said he, with a bitter laugh, "you were praising my book just now. Would you like to have written it?" "Nay," she answers, raising her candid eyes to his, "to have written such a book I must have suffered—must have known rthe agony and the throes of some g^eat sorrow. Providence has given me a happy life among good people. I would not have ^our genius at the cost of your experience." Alton Lyndhurst laughs outright. \- "To be a good delineator of human nature one must know the worst side of it? w he ,aske,. evasively. ~ "A painter"mtlst first-receive the m- picture ete -M^ sameSa art," she answers- ^The^ yoS leave a maa^in for imagination?" ~ . "Yes, but I evfer bear in mind th% old adage that 'truth is stranger than fiction. 5 Tour work of -pure imagery is as a body without a soul, a lamp without light." "I «m amazed, Miss Carlington," he says, with ft «mile. ""Do you believe Tennyson really felt the 'terrible depths of sorrow depicted in his weird 'In Memoriam' ?" "Why not?" she asks, with her frank look, full upon his face. "Who shall measure the petulant -grief even of a child ? The reason why I Jove to read the poet laureate is beoausie I feel better and braver after it, for he raises the whole tone of one's being. 1 believe the greatest aid to, Tennyson's genius has been - his sympathetic suffering with mankind." _ Alton sighs, and is silent. In abstracted mood he'follows his fair companion wherever -§he t .may lead.' Hey go slojrly downward into & verdant hollow^ where the Vi |uins of an old temple— darkened wijch Jjnogses and ferns—hides its mouldered stones. s By the ruined eolumn they cross a,rustic Ibridge, andi stray far along the^anks of the watercourse—yellow with rushes, water -lilies". and a, profusion of forget-me-nots, pink and blue." t Here they talk of,many things—of books, pictures, eminent men, beautiful women, and lastly, of Maud Carlington herself. She is an .only child, the last of a race who own, Heath Grange, an old place away down in the West Riding of Yorkshire, half, monastery, . half castle. The j*reat ^Gothic pile is like a royal -palace, shut in by dense forest lands, which shelter in their recesses the dun deer, and the grey heron by its pools. Around it® ancient walls the rents made pjthepetronels of the Iionsides are still-visible.: UefdrC the Plantagenefsi, the Carlingtons ^- of Heath Giange held hi#i officfe inrthe^State.i In the olden days the Grange had liorae the stosrm, and -basked -m the .sunshine of .the ^ver revolving, wleeUof iortmie?' had niade>it the j _ Gb the captive ' the ^avo haunt of court Feajities, where ^he read the last *-hoh ^mot" (rf my Lord Jtochester. ' The late descendant of the old Norman family Cecil Carlington, was a colonel of r the lancei^ and the b«sst swordsman m thp l|rit f ish army; he perijhed in Seinde, -a\Hhe head of his •- regiment, #hile Mtiud" wias onlyl-an infant in long clothes. \- The oldi- Graige had h^en deeply mortgaged rere "Colonel Carlington's time, and was now,about to pass away for ever.in^o the Jian^ojE* strangers. , "And -the" old .placel^SIJ see you -no more?" says the novelist. - "No-more!" echoes.the girl, with a far-off look in her dark eyes. "From henceforth "Ne^ Zealand, is to be 'our home ; My mother-lias given a promise to join hef^brother at Mount "Tapea?" "Do ,you go at onee?" asks Alton. "Not yet^ my Aincle will join us at Naples, _ L W^e are journeying thither to awaiti him," v she responds.-' 'They are |nte&upted; by. another bevy of -v^Qfejoin |hemf and tthe whgle jparty,,- i^fike, thejr way tp l the plape appoiMt^ as th^ rendezvous'. ' , By the tope 'they "have -had another refresher of { jtea it is quite dark; but up comes the, round, Jfull moon, as the prince had depicted," to light them home. The walk is delightful. The old gables of Del Grade appear in view much too soon for some of them. "Good night, Mr. Lyndhurst." s"Good' night,. Miss Garlington." The novelist is tired, but he does not retire to rest. The morning found him musing—pondering yet. He~ will see her again,—Maud of tke rose gardeu-r—with her clear cut face, not proud, but sweet. He can fancy Budh a face Rowing* hardened with! pnde-r-growjag £xed as marble, were her mind outraged,'the strong sens© * of right*-assailed, or the > contempt for ^ meanness once aroused "within her. He has been- with her but half-a-dozen short hours^-nay, not so much. >Yet the. knowledge of her character "has crowded into his inmost?Jheart, to be there -rooted, <as if he had known her , tS&APTEB; XIV. . - AT JUASr. Peter Dusk, the/detective, sat in his room overlooking the Grand Canal, and smoked until he had enveloped himself as in a thick mist. It was his invariable- practice to smoke furiously while working out any mental problem. It must hare been & knotty point at issue, for though it was early, morning, he had consumed several manillas over the subject; and that subject was none other than the escape of a madman from the asylum of a private madhousie in the city, % that queer method, known best to hp caste, of tracking crime and its perpetrators through their manifoW labyrinth, Peter Dusk had found his mrit : only to lose hiin the next day. It seemed r v^ge, indeed, that Fernbrook, Maup> it. or whatever name the master of the Barrier Rock, was known by, should be discovered in a madhouse in Venice. But so it was. The detective had given no explanation as to how hef gained -the clue ihat led his steps he asylum. Jt, was sufficient for him that one of taie lunatics therein was the person he had tracked half round the known globe. There was no mistaking the original to the photograph which had guided the officer all through his long, patient search; the simp'est noodle would have recognised the nkiness in an instant. The poor patient, with his great black eyes ablaze, pleaded hard with his countryman to set him free, but the detective only shook his head in affected pity. Once without the walls" of the madhouse, Dusk hugged himself in momentary triumph. At last he had run his man to earth—had him safe under lock and key. To-morrow his employers should see Fernbrook for themselves. They went on the morrow—Warne, Lyndhurst, and the smiling, terrible limb of the law. But he they went to see had gone—rescaped, and left not the ghost of a due behind him. The sceptical novelist laughed at the whole affair. 'I'm afraid you've been working too hard in this case, my friend," he said, in a kind way to the crestfallen -runner from Scotland Yard. "I cannot but admire the tact and skill displayed in your tracing the doings of Fernbrook and his _ friends, but when you affirm that he is here in a lunatic asylum in Venice, I beg to differ from you. Except Hilton; Fernbrook has the power of Asmodeuis at his back, and can transfer himself from one hemisphere to another with the speed of thought, I cannot see how'it isi possible he can be in this city. Besides, did not the master of Del Madilino say this eelf-^me, lunatic^ had- been confined -^there' for "over- three tyears? - JEfow fean "you reconcile that statement with "your theory that the poor wretch-was the master of Fernbrook?" Peter Dusk disdained to argue, but he ransacked the old Venetian city from St. Mark to El Perdo for the escapee. It was of no avail, however; there was no more clue to be had of him than if the earth had gaped and swallowed him. When all the questioning and searching was ended, Peter Dusk had gone over to Del Grade for further orders, but Warne and his companion had departed for London. „ So the detective smoked and reflected, and the "more he smoked and cogitatfed the more puzzled he became over the wholei affair. "That Mr. Lyndhurst was' perhaps rightafter all," he muttered apostrophising the table. "I don't see how a man can possibly be in two places at the same time^ They say this Hilton Fernbrook is still in New Zealand— was at the Opera only a matter of six weeksi ago. How, then, can the man whom I saw in the mad-house be he? Yet, if this is a striking likeness of the igan,I was sent after—damme! I'll swear the escaped lunatic either the devil or the convict Mauprat. Humph! let me think." There' was no one" to hinder him thinking ouib the question in all its subtle bearings, and it took him some time ere he was weary of it. The little marble clock over -the mantelpiece chiming' noon roused him. "Ah, "well, I can't see my way now/' he resumed, in that quaint fashion of talking to himself, "I'll not give in, though, not I. If that madman be alive and -above "ground I'll find him, though I don't believe,he's a bit mad, A crazy -fellow would not have acted nor spoken as he did., It's no use staying here. -Hie fellow's an Englishman and he'll make for London; all sorts and conditions of men hide themselves either there or in Paris'. If he goes to o&e; or the other I'm certain to hunt him out. I'll pack up and J>e -off, and; try London first." _ | It does 'not take him long to put Ms -decision into execution. - A,«teameEi is found ready for sailing, and Petci Dusk ll is u told, wijulj' muiug thai finds, on the -slippery^ pavement of -the* Strand. Instead >of wending his 4 way to the Muabries, the detective straight to his lodgmgsi m Ludgatel street, and 'comas forth again within -the hour quite transformed m outwardappearance. Calling a cab, he drives towards "Temple Bar. "If this man's m London, he'll have a. peep -at"the theatre," he says to Mmself. Ttogues or lunatics,-it's all the-same: As soon as they're let out of the cage they are drawn to- the playhouse" as if by magic. I'll begin with the theatres. Dismissing ".the trap,,-he walks jdown to the Adelphi, and, paying "his shilling, ascends to the gallery, where he can sep almost every person, in the house. A few minutes suffice to convince him that -the escaped madman is_ not; amongst the audience here From the Adelphi Peter Dusk goes to Drury Lane. Instead of mounting to the gallery, he takes a seat in-- the dress circle, and looks „ round at the vast' sea of heads and faces crowding the 'place. Away out yonder-^ near the stage in the pit the detective suddenly sees the man lie is looking for. There is no mistaking that proud) dark, Spanish-like face, with the shtfrt cropped black hair and moustache. The man isi leaning indolently against the stage-box (yet deeply intent upon the performance), and is dressed in a suit of sober tweed. Before the SGene is concluded Peter Dusk has taken a seat beside the man in the pit, and has satisfied himself be yond lie smallest shadow of a* doubt x that he is the escapee from Del Madilino. ' "Fine .play, -my friend." The man turns and'looks at the Scotland Yard runner full in the face. "It is a grand performance," he responds, elowly, and~in a rich, manly voice that a t tone of melancholy in it. "But it is badly mounted. In France they ' attend to thosie things more so than in England." ^ ^ "You are not a Frenchman; sir?" "No!" replied the stranger, smiling. "Nor yet an Englishman j I may say thaj I ani. a cosmopolitan, having., toveUed some,' as they 8ay ip "Are you- an American?" "You are ouriousj'jny friend," said; the other, goo3-humouredly. "In France, and even in the United States, they have a rule in society called etiquette, ^which means that rude questions are deserving rude answers. If you are inclined to learn my nationality, I may tell you that I have none. I repeat, I am a cosmopolitan." "Beg pardon," said the detective, hastily; "it struck me that Lhad seen you before somewhere." "You were a stricken deer, my friend, for thinking so," responded the other. We cannot possibly have met before." /I think we have," cried the detective. There was a swift flash in, the black eyes, as they turned with sudden and suspicious look to the face of the "Indeed! where?" he asked, quickly. "Have you courage to accompany me to the vestibule, and I will tell you?" "Why not tell me here?" replied the other, with some disdain, i "I have a reason, which I will give yob also, if you will adjourn with me-." "Prair lipntr -. laoJ InftJ it,*• .Xl. _•/ - fT' 7 ' ' VT^'' lead the 1 am at Four | s semc e ' I Not another word was spoken until the pair reached a small room; adjoining the saloon bar. "Now, sir," said the stranger, seating himself, "tell me where you and I have met?" "At the Del Madilino, in the city of Venice," cried Dusk. , If a pistol bullet had gone through the body of the man then and there, he could not have evinced greater surprise. He stared at the detective in blank amazement for fully a minute. "Pray, who are you?" he said, at length. . • •'"-.• .-.••"• "I may answer after your fashion, and reply, I'm a cosmopolitan." "You saw me in a mad-house in Venice?" asked the other in a vacant way. "Yes! the Del Madilino, a private asylum- governed by one Dr. Dotti Nicolini." The other replied, not, but gripped the back of his chair with a convulsive clutch. "It is not many days since I was in. Venice on business. I had occasion to visit Dr. Nicolini's establishment. I saw you there." "I remember you now," responded the other, after a pause, in which he had recovered from his surprise. "You have disguised yourself, but I recognise your voice." 'Tm glad of that," said the detective, coolly. "NOW 3 tell me how you escaped from Del Madilino?" The man laughed "Still inquisitivgtpMie said, ^diid in his tone. "Are you interested/ my friend?" ' - ^ "Perhaps." _„ — "Well, the story is too long, and I'm not in the humour 1 to talk much." "Pow if I land you in gaol, and send you back again to Venice?" inquired J Dusk. * "My good sir, you are evidently in a fog respecting the law of England concerning lunatics," answered the stranger, with a smile. "First you will have to prove that I am insane; second, that I escaped from a madhouse." "Did you not escape?" "That is another question, friend." Peter Dusk reflected a moment. He felt that he. had no lunatic to deal with in the person of this stranger. "What if I send for Dr. Nicolini, and prove your identity?" said the detective. 1 "The mad doctor cannot prove my identity. Besides, he dare not set foot 1 in London," "Dare not!" "I repeat^dare not." "Why, pray?" inquired Dusk. "My friend, questions seem to be your forte, but Iiam not inclined to answer theml If you have any business, with me, pray cojne to it at once, for I wish to see-the'play out.' "Do not be in a hurry," said Dusk, placing his back toi the door. "Do yon know who I am?" "No>, nor do I care." "I am Dusk, from Scotland Yard." "Indeed, anjl pray, Mr. Dusk, what! is that to me?" "Do you know this photograph," replied the other, handing him ra -carte* de- visite. The stranger took it, and held it to the light. As- he looked at the picture there came into his eyes-a strange ex-; pression impossible to describe. Peter Dusk" - watched his face as ;a tiger-cat watches its 3>rey. ""Well; what do you think of, it?" he said. - "It is certainly my photo/' answered; the stranger, ^gravely. "The back of the card is"marked Paris; J never had; jt likeness taken an P^Ks." ^ "It may be copy" from London,^ taken in Europe at, jdl.? : ,, ' -'"Sere is another of the "sama 3*ea* sonage," sqnoththe deteclave/ ^rodueing a second picture. "Y4u see ^that was taken at Portland prisjpn. Perhaps you nevpr saw thp convictr establishment:"' "Never, upon my honour," answered' the man, with a gay Ijaugh. "Of course you haven't,' sneered: Dusk. "Such' ,a ii^el^is Victor -Maxt- , prat,- for. instance,/ lias never been on your- visiting card. You never, heard of Sharpe, alias the .Ferret.' Nor you know, .nothing .of , Cap;tain Vipont, or the ASalon des Damesi' at Nice? Oh, dear, no." - i Again the man stared at the officer with a perplexed look,. "I think, my friend, it is you wlio jjbave broken out of some lunatic asylum in" the vicinity, if on<e may form an {opinion by what: you say, ,It is the particular craze of the lunatic to .dub the, remainder of; the world insane." 1 •} "Your cunning Tejoijiders will not servp, you," replied -the 1 detective. "You are Victor "Mauprat/-swindler and con-' vict, who, escaped from Portland prison two years ago.' / 5 "You are certainly mad, my man!— there is no mistake about it," muttered the stranger, a£ the isame time keeping Ms gasse fixed; on that of his companion. „ "Poor • deFjl, it would be, a pity to harm him, I might have guessed it' after, all my terrible experiences an that living,hell in Venice.. Look here," he cried, -aloud, to 'Dusk, "ring the JbelL and let ais-harei a! bottle of wine." "Don't try to gammon, me/' -gaid the*; detective^ with a #erbe oath., - "I'm, Peter Dusk, and. I mean to arrest you, Victor Mauprat." "Are you serious?" "Aye. I -ainfc followed you 1 half over now. "I swear to you thai; I never heard the name of Victor Mauprat in my life till this! moment," cried the other, .with such earnest emphasis that the officer paused irresolute. - "Do you mean .to tell me that you're not the man^who kepti the eaan-l inghella^ t aaaitflQSKW^JtesESbfifc' tWfr&ik;&v;***'- • mo! I,.say, Why d& ybuVaecuse me of these thir^sf'l ! ' Si "You are a study, ?ny fine", FeOow/l responded ,the detective, with, gentle sarcasm. "It won't do with me s let me teU you; I've seen too many of your sort in my time. Answer me one thing. Where did you get to-when you and Sharpe burnt the Seagull ?" "The Seagull!" cried^ the "other, looking at his inveterate questioner with a vague idea as to his sanity depicted on every feature of his, pale, handsome face. « "Are you really .crazy, after all?" "You'll find that out'presently!*" re» sponded Dusk, with a grim smile "I ask you again, how many of the'gaol biKis escaped the burning wreck besides the Ferret and yourself?" "Who's the - Ferret, pray?" "Your sham' valet, and' the biggest rogue in Europe!" said Dusk, with a sigh of impatience. "Come, sir, you can serve no purpose by playing innooenca with me. The game's up, I tell you." Tbe stranger sat down, and jpresfeed his i " hands tightly over his face . VUSB for the IOr of a minute. B-aising his head, at length, aad looking the datecUve full in the eyes, he said, " My worthy fellow, you are evidently insane. Otherwise, you have made one of the most stupid blunders on record. You say my name is Victor Mauprat, and that I am an escaped convict, accused of innumerable crimes." "That's it!" " Will you have the^-goodness to make things a little clearer as to my implication in those things; also my identification with Victor Mauprat. I confess you have some ground for suspicion, if the photograph is a faithful picture of the man you seek." "I have found him." "Very well. I am satisfied, if you will be good enough to esplain." - Peter Dusk rang a bell on the table. "Bring a bottle of wine," he said to the waiter. When the man appeared with the liquor, he handed him a halfsovereign and a .scrap of paper. "Let that note be taken to Bow-street at once, - ' he said. And the waiter nodded and withdrew. "It's rather dry work talking," continued the detective. "I'm not a dab at it at any time; howsomever, I don't mind telling you what I've been after these last twelve months, and as I mean to be brief about it, oblige by filling the glasses." \- With his elbows on the table, proppiag up his hard, stem, sunburnt face, and his unwinking eyes fixed on those of the man opposite, with lynx-like watchfulness, Peter Dusk recounted all the points In the life of Hilton Fernbrook, ^ from his leaving New Zealand to h»B JEGom- ^he burning- ' ©r'.would be -impossible to describe the changes that came and went over the man'-s face, as he listened. Now fierce and frowning, with spasmodic 'clutching . of the strong hands; anon smiling in absolute disdain, and withering oontempt. "And now," said the detective,when he had concluded, " what have you to reply. You are -the man?" "1 am Hilton Fernbrook, and Colonel de Roal was my friend. That is my reply at present," answered the stranger slowly. "You will have to accompany me to gaol." "I am rea<^.' And the pair went out into the darkness of the night. <To be continued.) 