AN ARMY CHAPLAIN. THE REV. A. T. TIOLDEAJ. Among 4lie passengers wlio arrived 11/ mo Penile ycttcrday was tlio Hcv. A. T. HoMcn, D.A., who accompanied the Victorian Imperial Uuslimon'a Contingent to Victorian contingents have boon hut Indifferently supplied In tho matter of chap. Ulna. New South Wales with their Imperial Husbmrn sent two rimplnlna, Queensland nne chaplain, nnd n Y.M.C.A., representative. Mr Ho!d"n, tho ono chaplain to represent the iOO Victorians, although desirous to ro with tho troops to the fmtit was only appointed to ro m far as Holm, and then return, na tho Victorian Government only guaranteed his transport 10 and from Africa, and ns Ibo entlro espcnS'u beyond this won to ho borne out of chaplain's own purso, It will be fifcn that patriotic motives alone encouraged Mr Hidden to go tn Ui« seal nt the war. Tho troopship Victorian which took the llUHhmcn'B Contingent to the Ithode- clnn border hod 7?J horses ou board, nnd thanks mainly to the care nnd attention of the veter inary surgeons Messrs. Leceli nnd Sherlock, this number was eventually landed on shnro minus one. When the chip rcachcl intra. Mny 23rd. It was found that nil the lighters were en gaged landing tho troops from New South Wales, nnd a week had to bo spent lying Idly In the harbor. Tho following week Uiu troops with their horses were landul, and tho men were ordered Into camp. Aa ihe swamps 011 which they wore encamped were tho most un healthy of spots, a great many of them were roon down with malarial fever. Mr HoUen found here Cameron's scouU who left Mcl- lmurne seven weeks before. Very much to lliolr disgust they wero kept unloading horses for tho Imperial Yeomanry and other contin gents. The gungo of tho railway hero was only 2 fort, and getting troops on to tho front wart ft slow process. After three weeks In camp Mr Holdon reporlwl himself ut Durban, so as to proceed to Capo Town to get a steamer homo. Having ten days to watt Mr lloldan took'a trip to Natal, going over ail tho Ln-n3 nnd battle- Holds prominent in fights near Ladysmlth. Mr lloMtti saw miles of liocr trenches and gun pits whore the jocularly named Long Tom. Slim Pete. Weary Willie and other big lloor guns caused such tremolo. Mr Hoiden was surprised Uiat ro little signs were shown of the bombard ment of Lady-smith, after a lapse . of thryn inonths. It wits hard for him to believe that CO.iXiO shells were poured into this town. Tlio "wnallmns nr ninny nf the towns now famoua was also a matter of surprise. Lady-smith had Coionso was represented only by six or eight hnust3. Tho population being represented by live white families, a for. Indians, und some KnUlrs. Tho town of Rrasburg was reprcscnto I only by tho station and a farm hotiso. There was a remarkable bridge constructed by tlio lloors over tlio Tugcln, about four inlloi from Colrnsn, which attracted Mr I loldcn'r. attention This crossing wna done by the Iloers taking sections uf n railway lino and laylug them on tho roekn of tho rapids of the river. Tho brldgo was ai ycardu long and was as s!rap!» as It was workable. Mr ilolden saw all the coun try between Chlvely nnd Ladysmlth that form- ed so much of Uie lighting ground of the cam paign of General Duller. Mr Ilolden says that after vlaltlug thin part of Natal lie was filled with the highest admiration for tho generalship of Uoncrnl Duller. "Ouwldo Natal," he says, "ini Engllsh- npa-iklng pooplo havo any Idea of tho task General Duller had. The dlOlcul- tics that had to be fucod ut Madder illver, were simply nothing cotupured with U10.10 Duller had to contend agalnnt at the Tugela Itlvcr. The country was simply Insccnssiblo with kopjes— natural. Impregnable Gibraltar's all of them.Af- tcr Natal, Mr Hoiden visited tho Ucncburg dis trict. At Kaauwpoort he saw tbo grave of I>r. Hopkins, nnd found that n inaltcno cress was ht-liig orcctcd ns ho reached tbo spot. Deforc leaving bu took a photo, uf Uio grave of his old comrade. Mr Ilolden then nrneemlfNl nnrtii nu far us tho M odder Illver, Klniborlcy nnd Mngcrsfonleln. At tho latter place lie saw where tho Highlanders fell In such awful num bers with their leader G -neral Wauchopc. Tho Highlanders charged Mugtrafouteiii, an Isolated range, in Uio upon plain. They foil In ghost- ly numbers without getting so much as a sight of Ihclr fors. Alter ihcsu excursions Mr Holdon proeriKled to Cape Town and nn July liiii, embarked on tho Wlillo Star baut, tho Per sic, bound for Australia, Mr Ilolden speaks highly of tho harmonious way tho EngllRli Tommy and tho Colonial fighter get along to gether. Thoy have u mutual admiration for one another, and uro quite contented fighting sldo by side. He says all Uio people lu Capo Colony have a high opinion of tho fearless bravo Australians. Mr Ilolden had many op P'irlunlUea whilst In Capo Town of Boeing tho help Mr J. W. Hall, tho Government agent, gave to the invalided Boldlcra. Ho has been hiHlru- mcitul In getting them tlio bundles from Uio "Absent- Minded Hcggar" fund. Theso bundles contain underclothing, nocks, mufllors, caps, tobacco, pipes, and othor articles that arc Just tho thing that are wanted when a Holdlor em. liarkii. Mr Hall has no power to advaneo monoy on tho pay duo at home, othorwiio hu could help many a coldlor who cornea out of hospital pcnnlluM, nnd has to wait till ho gets back to tbo coloniea to gut Uio rest of Ills pay. 