REVERTING TO BUNTINE. ' Lionet, Bold ' writes : — Parson Buntiue — tho very raw young man called some little time back to the pulpit of Chalmor's Church — continues to take himself very soriously, and has started a monthly magazinolet in connec tion with his church. In tho last num ber of this inane production, Buntino attacks the City Council in unmeasured terms — and vory rocky English. The crime the Council has committed is that of insisting that the hall of the Young Woman's Christian Association Bliall be properly registered and licensed, with other IijIIs. Buntinc's little squeal that this liall is to be used solely for thn worship of God is unconvincing. In theory, tho same remark applies to the halls of the Y.M.C.A. in other colonies ; and everybody knows that the halls of the Y.M.C..A. are used f -r concerts given by bold and unregenerate musicians, and for various other non-religious purposes. Anyhow, there is simply no reason at all why the hall of the Y.W.C.A. in Hobart should not conform to all legal require ments. If tho citizens wish to support tho Y.W.C.A. in any special manner they can easily put their hands in their pockets i tho Y.W.C.A. is, as to its primary purposes, a very deserving in stitution, and ' nE fur-pun would pro bably be willing to put its own liand into its own pocket, if the institution really fell into distressful circumstances. But it is not tho part of the City Council to undertake works of reckless benevolence on tho part of the city ; and in recog nising that fact, the majority of the aldermen used exceptional common -sense. The ordinary religious asso ciation to-day is more or less selfsup porting, and occasionally well-to-do ; it lias no stronger claim on the state or municipal treasury tlian lms auy build ing-socioty, to tako one instanse. When the churches find that they cannot longer pay their just civic debts, it will be their first duty to cut tho incomes of over-paid parsons. Buntino is probably an over-paid parson ; indeed, it is very difficult for a sane man (not a Presby terian) to form the remotest ghost of an idea as to why Buntino ever became a parson at all ; ho would have made an admirable traveller for a soft- goods house. It was Buntine who, on one of his earliest public appearances in Hobart, tilted scurvily at Samuel Clomps, who is an infinitely better man than Buntine can ever hope to be ; it was Buntuio who, at the height of the Jingo mad ness, said that the British flag shall float as long as God lives — or words to that ridiculous effect ; and, finally, it is Buntino who grovels in gross flattery at tho substantial feet of Alderman Benja min, just because that erratic alderman succumbed to a silly impulse and howled for tho extension of an illegal benevo lence to the Y.W.C.A. Benjamin is an admirable Democrat in intention, but sometimes he has an extraordinary habit of sitting on mare's-nests, and ho frequently needs a little salutary correction. Now, Benjamin is approved by— Buntine ! Well, a little slice of first-quality calamity like that should surely do Benjamin a world of good. 