FUGITIVE NOTES ON WAR MATTERS. [From our Special Correspondent.] LONDON, February 16. A SOCIETY AJIATEUR PERFOKMANCE. A most brilliant amateur performance Ipok '.place this week at Her Majesty's Theatre in aid of the War Fund, and it .was a magnificent financial as well as social success, the proceeds being £6,500. The entertainment was organized by Mrs. Ar thur Paget, and, with the - assistance of many ladies and gentlemen well known in society, she succeeded in giving an even ing's pleasure that has been tne talk of smart circles ever since. Royalty was very largely represented, the Prince and Prin cess of Wales, Princess Victoria, the Duke and Duchess- of Connaught, Princess Louise, the Duke of Cambridge, and Prince and Princess Louis of Batteiiburg being present. ? The prices of the seats ranged irom half a guinea to-in some cases-con siderably over ten guineas for specially favoured places. Programmes were sold at 5s. each, and refreshments were corre spondingly dear. The programme opened ..wi'th "1'lie Masque of Pair Women,"' and these tableaux included "The Gleaners" (after Millet), "The Request of Queen ? Esther to the King" (Goodall, R.A.), "The Sleeting of the Duke and Duchess of Marl borough after Ramillies" (Ernest Crofts, R.A.), and "The New Beauties: The Misses Gunning in the Mali''' (Arthur Hacker, ? A.ll.A.j. Each tableau was shown several : times, with slight alterations in . the posing. "The Masque of War and Peace" followed, showing Father Thames on the banks at Windsor, receiving obeis- ; ance from his choral tributaries.' Glory, [Victory, Mercy, Pity, and Rumour, all ap-'' pea red in appropriate and tasteful array, and Viscount Newport rendered some stir ring patriotic lines with good effect. Miss -Muriel Wilson next appeared in the cha racter of Peace, and a grand chorus ended that part of tlie performance. Then fol lowed a patriotic representation of Great Britain, Her Colonies, and Dependencies. Great Britain and Ireland being symbolized by the Countess of Westmoreland. Sir Arthur Sullivan conducted the orchestra in his original music to the scene, the various crack Guards' bands rendering the compo sitions in splendid style. After this came j supper at Prince's, in Piccadilly. The Di- . rectors gave the repast as a contribution to the fund, and two guineas a ticket was charged. The performers" came in their fancy costumes, and the scene in the bril liantly lighted and magnificent hall was a eight to remember. Flags and martial em blems entertwining flowers and wreaths and festoons of green made up a gorgeous blend of bewildering beauty. At the Prince of Wales's table the fun was real, every body being very merry. The twenty happy guests included some of the ineffable names of Kngland. The other tables entertained parties numbering from eighteen down to four. Lady Violet Brassey had a party of eiv. HUE TO THE WAR. Sir Franklin LuSbdugton, the well-known Magistrate, was connected by marriage with the iate' Lord Tennyson, and it is fitting that lie should be a lover of the Muses. Iu the long-ago days of the Crimea he and his brother published a book of verses. Most of these have again been placed before the public under the title of "Wagers of Battle," the volume being brought uj) to date by stanzas on recent j events, in one of which the poet Magistrate I expresses: Thanks for valour of daughter nations, happy to press where their mother strives; Eager to aid her, eager to shield licr, loyally lending love and lives. And others conclude: Hail, Australia! welcome Canada! Greater Britain all round tlie wave, fight one tight and carry one banner, plant it firm ou tyranny's grave! Weld our kinship into Empire-Umpire based cn the one true plan, freemen's rights and freemen's justice broaden ing still between man and man; Honestly wrought, for, fearlessly fought for, spreading o'er land and spread over sea, Kmpire-born of a stern death-struggle, christened in blood of tlie brave and the free. Another of the poems, which runs: 'Hid the tears of wives and mothers, and the prayers of manj' others, And the cheering of their brothers they arc marching to the war. reminds me of an incident in a railway car riage one evening this week. When the train stopped at Leicester on its way to Jjondon there was a commotion on the plat form, and cries of "Arthur!" "Where's ArthurV" "Oome along, Arthur!" "Good by, Arthur!" till 1 was forced from my .half-sl umber in a quiet corner to witness a painful scene. A soldier got in, and his friends-most of them women-bade 'him farewell at the carriage window, kissing him in turns, over and over again. "Don't cry, Arthur! one would say with a burst of grief that followed the passage opened by the words. Then there was a sound of pas sionate kissing, and Arthur made no pre tence of hiding his tears. "You'll come back to ns, won't you, dear?" asked an other with that inconsequent inanity that inarks extreme grief, as he thrust I lis arms out of the carriage window and held lit r for a moment. "Stand tiaek!" said the guard. The engine- whistled, the train began to move, bearing Arthur away, perhaps for ever, and still two women wlio remained could not tear themselves from hiin. They clung to the footboard for some yards, and kissing him finally with awful intensity they dropped off and stood on the platform watching the train go out into the black night. Arthur huddled himself in his cor ner, sobbing. We gave him a cup of tea with as few words and as niucn hard-heart ed unconcern as could be shammed at short notice. He took the tea and drank it, pas sing back the cup in silence, and then cried ?himself to sleep. On reaching London he spoke his thanks. Good luck to him, who ever and wherever he may be. THE SOLDIER'S GHOST. Here is <a nice creepy story for lovers of ghost yarns. A labourer who was a reser vist, left his native 'town in Essex for the front. He was ail occasional customer at the village hostelry, where his face and form were quite familiar to tlie potman. Last .week this potman was passing one of the I rooms when he thought he saw somebody seated there. He looked in, and there was tlie reservist, sitting alone at the table. 'Hullo, Bill, my boy," says ttie potman, "I thought you wuz at the wars. Wait a mi nute; I'll come in and have a pitch." He, the potman aforesaid, then threw awav some water he was cariyine, arid came back to the room. . But when he got there the nlacc was all bare, for poor old William liad gone. He could not haw got out by the door without passing the potman. Now, Bill had a cousin, who was fond of Bill, and he, the cousin, came to the hotel- two days later with a newspaper in his hand. "What ho!" says the pot-man, "bow's the war ge'ttin" on?" "Not too well," says the cousin, "Bill's been killed at Spion ICop." "Then I see his ghost in that there room o' Toosday night!" says the potman, and he tofd the story. So* an evening paper says, and it further remarks that the potman suddenly left tlie village. Which village? Well, tlie evening paper does not say. It is willing to do all it can to provide matter ?that tlie public like to read, but it does not exist for the purpose of answering inquisi tive questions. And- it tells the story very well, with muc-h sincerity and several con vincing words, such as "wraith" and "mys terious visitor." A RIVAL OF THE POET LAUREATE. There is a poet here known as "Spring Onions." His real name is supposed to be 31r. "Williams. .Aforetime he was a fre quent visitor at the Police Courts to an swer charges preferred against him by tlie officers of our Lady the Queen. To-day he stands before Isli-e world a regenerated lua'u -a brand plucked from the burning, now ready to speak for her against whose peace he has so often offended. He devotes his 'moments to the kindling of incense at the Muses' flame. This omen is slightly off in his scansion, but his heart is right. He recently addressed a poem to the Prince of Wales, wihieli said: Bali! how some creatures in a far-off land Can be so brutal, so unmanned, For tlie life of me J can't understand; They've raised my ire, I'll vent my spleen, On them, the rogues, to insult my Queen. And this letter went with the lines: Your Royal Highness-Please be not overmuch surprised at my audacity in forwarding a copy o£ the following:' verses to yourself and your highly esteemed (beloved by alJ) lady, the Princess o£ Wales. ... During the Crimean War I were in tlie Wool wich Division of Royal Marines, and were one of the guard-of-honour to your much-beloved father the l'rince Consort, to Her Gracious Majesty the Queen your royal mother, and to your dear departed sister, who was then witl) them, at Woolwich during the visit of Victor Emanuel, the King- of Sardinia: and I, knowing how your Royal Highness must be deeply affected by* the present Bad state of affairs at the Cape, have taken this great liberty with a heart full of love, notwithstanding my own past sad career since leaving the service. In order to provoke a smile, and that you might not be swallowed up through overmuch grief, I eetid you this. Please, your Jfo.vu! Highness, ex cuse my Impudence and my ignorance. 1 would .most willingly die for you. The bard has received a polite acknowledg ment from the Prince's Private Secretary, and now he is happy. ACTRESSES HEWING THE CAUSE. The "vnco gaid" of Now York do not like Mrs. Langtry. The Women's Chris tian Temperance Union ? set the police on hei"~ amateur barmaids, who were serving tea and refreshments at her bazaar in aid . of the War Fund. These guardians of the law were assured that the Act was being infringed by the unlawful sale of intoxi cants. They were much disgusted on flind ing nothing but leaves-tea- leaves. _ The lovely lily of Jersey is trying to gain ad mission to the Professional Women's League, whose membership is largely a make-up of actresses, but advices say the enemy is strongly entrenched against her, and it is improbable tliat she will effect an entrance. THE SUPPOSED SPIES. Tlie brothers,.- Miles and Stephen Buck, volunteers who were 'lately arrested on a transport 011 suspicion as Boer spies, arc defended by their father from the impu tation. Ho says tiiey a.re true and loyal subjects oil the Queen- Lancashire lads, who have lived twenty years in South Africa. They were ready to enlist in the .South African Light Horse, but lie per suaded them to come to England for the Christmas family gathering. Another man also vouches for their loyalty and good faith as soldiers of the Queen. 