MARSDEN PARK. A large number of horses are to be shipped from Clydesdale shortly to Singapore. We under stand Mr Parkes will take charge of them. Mrs Simpson, who was greatly distressed by ths recen'; flood, and for whom the benefit concert ? was given at Riverstone, has removed toHornsby. We notice Mr L Lawson, of the local} Post Office, has received a rise in salary. Mr L Everingham, dentist of jjSydney, intends ] visiting Marsden Park and Rooty Hilton tha last' ! Saturday in every month. ? 'The little boy from Manly' paid a flying visit to | Marsden Park on Friday week last, and was greatly i troubled to think his name would get into the \ Gazette. We won't put him away this time, ] Messrs Gillham°and Davis have two of the | finest strawberry beds to be seen in jjthe district, ! desoite tha adverse weather we have just ex perienced. The many friends of Mrs Anderson, of Rooty Hill, who had her arm broken recently, will be pleased that the Jgood lady is favourably pro gressing, Mrs Harpur, after a long and serious illness, has, we are' pleased to report, taken a change for j the better. j The paragraph in Riverstone news referring to midnight walkers to Marsden Park, is believed by the residents around here to be a mere fabrica- tion and that some 'bad grog' was responsible for the ghosts the author of the par in question saw. We don't do anything like that at Marsden Park. Miss Lawson, who is possessed of more than the average amount of musical talent for one so young, has a number of pupils for the. piano, and accord- j ing to all accounts they are all making good pro- ; gress under her tuition. i The damage done by the recent heavy frosts is apparent on some of the citrus trees around here; whilst at Riverstone some of the trees are damaged to a much greater extent. Mr Peter Lenz has started with his contract of ,|j repairing on the Blacktown road. The repairs ?..?$ will be greatly appreciated by persons driving by | this route, as tbe recent wet waather cut the road | up terribly. ' I Mr W Davis has in his possession a diamond glass cutter that he purchased at Bristol 49 years ago. It answers its purpose as well to-day almost V as when it was new, and goes to show what can be done with proper care. j The Rev II R Pigott conducted a servicejin the ? local Presbyterian Church on Thursday week, :. and happening when no other services were com ing on, it was greatly appreciated .^The service '?: was well attended. We have been asked to remind the ' absent- minded beggars' who attend that the hymn books are not to be taken away. ; On Saturday week a travelling showman amused i the settlers at the Rooty Hill camp by giving a! h magic lantern entertainment. An effort is being ij made to give a similar eniertainrnent in connec- ji tion with the local church, 'I The following is a list of the C of E services to !j be held in the Presbyterian Church, until the end jj of the year : Sunday services, 11 a.m., September j 30 to Decemberi)3o ; ^moonlight evening ssrvices, j] 7.30, September 5th, October nth, November 7th, j and December 5th. I Meetings of the Christian assembly are to be \ held during the next few weeks in the hall at Mrs j Bock's residence, Tuesdays and Thursdays have | been fixed upon as the days for holding the | service. I Quite a wave of prosperity has caught up our old friend Mr Read, who recently joined the noble army of martyrs — I mean benedicts— and owing to the great demand for wood, he is con templating putting on another team. His many friends around here are pleased to see him kept so busy, as his uprightness and Christian spirit has won the friendship of one and all. Trooper Flynn, who was invalided home from South Africa recently with enteric fever, paid a visit to Marsden Park during last week and renewed the acquaintance of his many friends. Some years ago Flynn resided here, and was in the employ of Mr Duley, late of Marsden Park. With the advent of fine weather every one here is busy preparing the land for spring crops. Prun. ing in the orchards is finished, and ploughing is about to begin, and everything gives promise of a bountiful crop. We can appreciate this after the continuous downfall of rain of a few weeks back. Just now it is a positive joy to be alive, the only drawback being the thought of the approaching 'dog days,' when we will long for the excava- tions of even Mafeking where we could get a temperature a few degrees lower. 