(By 'PRODIGAL ') Ilcro'i. a leccrd, I fa'ici At the Dub lin High School Sports, S W Mnddooks won the Old Bojs' 220yd1! handicap fiom scratch, and thus completed his eleventh 'successive Tictor- In the old bojs' e\ent at the schools' annual games. Amateur cycle racing received a much needed hooni, but the professional side of tho sport is'ovldcntly as hopelessly defunct ns tlie pro\erbhl door-nail Over legis lation has killed the latter, but, judging by rho latest ''results, amateurism stands a healthy chance, to Ions ns thcie is no more tinkering with the liberty ot tho subject, and no more attempting to make riding men' moral by Acts o£ Parliament ' (The 'I S and D Xcns' on the recent NO 1 Cham pionships.). % « . Impersonators in England aie ha\ins sonic sharp lessons, and the determination of the Eugllsh;A.A.A..iind its' district 'com mittees to tike criminal pioccedings iag-alnst those concerned in such fraudulent practices ouBhfb/'l.llis time to' Btem this evil Recently (accoi fling to tho 'Sporting Lifo') nt MacclcEfield a competiloi -nas sentenced to a month's. hard labor for. such an offence at Bolhngton Spoils, while the ?xuniior: -who eonnive'd 'at ''the .1 raud''by; lend ? aag him his n.une got off with a daj's lin jpnsonment 'At ...thoiPbrt'arlinston :(Ireland) sports, on; September 11, a runnei uauied T Clixtoi ^von the .nilo after a groa.. race With J U rinnejan, scratch A protest mji. entered »on tho ground tl at CH\ton started from ?the HOvils mark. instead o£ '10yds, as oa the prosrommo * This was proved, and tho race awarded to Finnegan ^ So fii so good ?But Cla\ton, although,, distiu llifled, nas pi iced second, and ictuall} gnen second ipn.se This, J should siy,'laKe.s tho cham pion belt Bj tho i\a}j rmuegan won the MdOyds and the SSOyds Handicaps Thus 'Old Blue' In tho 'Sportins Ijite' 'Good old Dems Horgan ' Ills appearanre at the llalcLr Union i lold (James (US A. j -3ast Saturdiy (oDpcombor 13) -\\\r-s as sensa tio'nl as that of Uh a-,os v hen he descended ?upon ^chi'los at Scjiod When the weigh: covpotltinn was ^announced, ?somo jocula remarks Were made about tho famous -Irish- 1 man, and he w-a.. far-otic isU incited to coinpole No soonei was tna woid sild than up walked Hor^aj — ho had lanJpd in Ainc ) rica oi tlie e\e of tho games, and was pie rcnt as a spsctatoi — and areepted It K ?was enough to m.\ke Ah Champion Shel don ?; h-ir stand on end, as did that of Pro euhi* Julias -when he- mot the ghost of Ra mult's ' '\\\ li-it is raoie, good old Denis spceililj demonstrated, tnat his StamCnr! EnrVo '?send ness' was genuine He non ci lv with iio grand put of 16ft l^in, Shel don (the i-or'd's champion pio ten ) being tmrd Egid ' I should much hi\e liked to have seen ' Horjrui's bo'd feat, that will ne cr Le fo got, 11^ thtx-c who we c llic.c, ind tlicrn wlm were not Tho whole busmecs1 was dellcioub ' By tho last English ma 1 I received n lct tei from Mi II S do Bcrtodano, who a fow year? oack was well kno\ n in amateui athletic chclc In Sjuuej, although under the name ol H S de B Lope/ Mi II b do Bertodiiio, who was a member of tna ., - Darhnghurst Ilanioib, is now settled )u ,-?? ILojuon oz an architect In his lettel Ml tfe- ]}urtcdano sajs 'Tust a fc.\ line1? aoout .'^J'tmy broine-, vhleh I thousbt would bo of '' interest to joa I enclose a cutting Iiiin 'niiik and Wnite' (I leproduce it below) ?whicn will tell sou lion and ^ here ho is J,He wnntio South Africa-last February, and has heon soing stiongly e\er since lie 's ? bow District, Commissioner; (the. paper de cribos him au Military Governor), of Kroon snd, and, fro n various repoits, is doing e\ (tollent work I ha\o only mot one Utrllng ,3iurst Ilauicr, n«nel\, Stanley 'lumley, |.and ho is tlie same as o\ci, although *io !has, 1 th'nK lotLcd ftom the path Please '-TPmcir1)ci mo to all tho bojs I know ' The brother.'alluded to is our old ? friend, i Tred R de B Lopcv, late of the Svdu'y Univers Ij V C ' and tho Sydney Hnrncra Tor family leasona, tLc nimo of Lope/ has ?been dropped It is pleising to sef that jr R de B L doing so well I am sure his ?many Ii lends heie will bo pleased to heii i of his rapid promotion It teems but a «Ie\\\ dajs ago that I s-uv him fighting out ' 'igood finishes on the Sydney Cricket Crouud, tud jet some nine 3 oars ha\c elapsed The newspaper cutting is as follows — 1 ' Cap's'n Bortod ino; who has bconact inc as Military Governor ot KroonjtaJ, cuT.ui nI;It?lODA^o. also as intelli gence ofiicer in fthat district ]?» '?« Colonial— *iborn and 'edurci/ tted at Sydncj [At Sydney Uni versity — whoio ?:lio was ltnowni as- , ?Bortodano- jjjopoz^-fae was a great athlPtc, inrwing for 'throe ;5ears (onco is stroke) in the Unter - Univer sity Boat Race, ;aod winning the ? Quarter r mile ClJiamplonahip fttwtao. ? When ►ho cajno to Eng land he dropped the'namo ot Lopez. Ho Sad seen active service 1n South Africa bo fore tho present war, for, although a soli citor bj profr-ssioii, he was found lj in tho Manohester Regiment, and ?went through .??the MaUbelp- Cumpalsn, lor -which -he re toWed' tho medal.' * * * » I».S.\V Hlghlnnd Society's Annual Gathering;. 'At1 a meeting of the committee; of 'tho above club last Wednesday, It was decided, in view of the. commencement of the Com monwealth Festivities on January 1, ? to postpone ilic Highland Gathering from that date to January 2 41 Athletic Queensland.' As promised last week, I offer some com Cmt, nil too brief, I fear, on Messrs. Car Bfthaol and H.. C. Perry's work, 'Athlotio Qt- Oonslnnd.' Tho authors in tho compila tlWi of this history of four branches of sport — rowing, cycling, pcdestrlanism, and boxing, coupled with physical development —In the great Northern colony have dwelt with the same in their amateur aspect al most solely, ,'thcro being but a passing re ference to the professional champions whom Queensland lias produced. It is thus not to be wondered at that the work is de dicated to tlio Hon. E. J. Stevons, M.L.C., Who. has done so much to foster and support all manly sport amongst those who indulge therein for tho sport's sake. Let me here say that the book is beautifully got up, being printed on perfection paper, and profusely illustrated 'I he 'pe- destrian' portion is edited by Mr. W B Carmichnel, although I have no doubt but that Mr.'Porry ( who not only is closeJy in toiic-h with '?, tho lniier do ings of. tho Queensland A.A. A.. but: also writes chattily on matters athletic from dav to dai, and week to week, in papers issuing from tho Brisbane newspaper Co 's ofllco in Queen-street), lent a helping hand Mr. Carroiehael In thorough manner traces the gradual growth ot amateur pedes trlinlsm from tho early CO's to the present day, and in tho review wo conic across mnny ..;«? Well-known name — some holding prominent - positions to-day; others who have also ; phssed into the great beyond. Ho speaks of the deeds of Messrs. .1. O'Bourne, A Hams, C Highdelds, B Caivci, D Sef 'tcn.H.'.Lyrich,; Herbert Rogers, A. H. Prltchard, J Upwaid, 1' G Hamilton John Mncallster, Eric Scott (now Dr. ?, Scott) , Jack Doyoy, Robert Phllp (Qiieensl7iii:rs Premier), A. Weston, D. Tail, Tom Wolsby, Marry Pritehard, Davo Scott, J. L. Camp bell, Tom Pratten (now Secretary for Ilnll wcys^, Ddnonstone Markwell Torn A Bond, Tiel Mirlow, A C Wjlio Prins Rebels --'uil Teign'on, 12 J Kullett, \V G. Prilchard,. the Isles', Duncan ;Munro, Charlie O?aipbell, aud many otlieis, this lisr coTiini; down to tho present-da} pcr Sorme't, srch is the Burtons, Uhe Corri K»ns, Gcorao Hawkes, T) Wentworth, C .Sauuderson, .' &c.; ? In claiielnE' through the voluminous and autheutic records of the past, nnmen keep on cropping up that are household words, not only in Queensland, but in Vustralnsli — mme3 to conjure with Mr.. Carrhic- hnol also devotes space. :to the doings of famous Qiieonslanders in the Old Countiy, giving particulars of the pcrform am.es Ol 1J- H T ^ Boll and Dr V G Butler Dr Bell vvhen in England was a most formidable llval to C A Bradley, of Huddersileld, .anil, '; amongst ? other per formers, 'beat J. Ji. Heniiuon; whilst Dr. Butler: gained .niahy, brilliant victories;. in England; beating such f men , as E: C. Bro din. A very interesting addition. to the pedes trian sect'on is an article by Charl°s CampLoll, who give? his views on tiainias, tc , togethei v.ith n fow piUillj- put hints The pedestrian sosllin is m cliattv, readable etyle, the ivnole profusely il'us tratcd the portraits co-mpilsing most, if not ail of thooo ment'oned above, together, with man/ othoru There are also come most interesting groups I would advice my leaJc-s to get a cops 'ind judge for themselves As a lecord of facts and figures alone tho work is of e\ceetling value * * * ? A Clut witk Rowlcj. Stanley Ron lev dropped in and had a qnct chat la.st week, and gave mo a le sunie of his dip from start 10 finish Much of '.hat he saw and did has ahendy been Bivpj, but some of h's opinions on .nen and matters In the world- ot athletics at .home j-ie fresh, and well wortn romoducins They weie certain!', of gieat interest to me. forl'could follow him in his vvaiider in?s, supply him oc='-3 onallv with a name 01 da^e tint had slipped his memory whilst he ''brought' buck many .11 message from old athletic frlendt, noWbly e\\-chami)ion Epiutor C G W00J 7 II A Rpa- (the hurdlei), Harrj Venn (?\ - champion walker), I E Diton, Val Hunter, H H Grlllln,- veteran Jack iWhito: ('the Gates head Clippei '), and outers ot athleMc renovn 111 a bjgone period Rowley uoes not thinlc that ? tho' \ general ? arrangements (e\cert, peiliniK, at Ptamfoid Bridge and one or tno other plates), at sports can coinparo v. ith those in Sjdney 'The Btart int; mid Dnishirj on an anglo in circular lace, so as to place the outside men on level terms'' with; those on the1 innide, so: fai ns d sluice to be run is concerned, is un known in JjLEl-nd or oa the Continent,' quoth Rowlcj 'And the} don't know nearly an 'much about the ethics of starting as }ou do here,' he added '-Each club starter '11 England appears to have his own particular stjle and views of starting About the best- 1 oxpcrlcncedwas at Man ches'ei,' Lp continued 'In Pans the Fi-enc'h. slarter knew : absolutely, .nothing about: his. duties,' he added. He then -went1 on to speak of the qujekness of the men he met off the mark, notably Duffy. 'At getting away they are undoubtedl} first class,' weio his last words on the subject Speaking of people he had met, he gave nlo viowt. verj plainij about the American contingent, their wajs, stjlo, appoaranci-, &u.; A-nd in like measure, lie summed up some of tho Midland and Northern ciacks In England I will not reproduce his comments, but they were certainly interest ing I asked Rowle- What he thought of walker Sturgess and his style 'They question it nt times Ho works his hips and shoulders a lot. but in tho Champion ship lace he coitainly went ^erj fnlrlj, in my opinion, ' was the leplv His opinioi ot the judging of footraces was that 'hu officials were murti the same as out lieu-, am eveijvvhero else — good, bad, and Indif ferent He -nrao out in 11 now role whilst in Noifolk, vl/ as a rabbit shot Whilst at Bast Dercham, astho guest of Mr.'.C'.G. Wood, ho put In plentj of shooting amongst tho rabbits, and generally had a good timo. Qiicst'oncl as to futurf intentioiib, Rowley mdicateU tint ho contemplated retiiing from tho track Ho is -well over 12st in we'qht and thinks it tiuo to give the gama Lest Lot us horo wo shall bo able to dla suode him from this step— for a time, at all events. ? ? ? ♦ The Commonwealth Celebrations. Iho Sectional Committee to assist the Government m arranging for tho intended 'Athletic Uisplaj' in connection with the forthcoming Commonwealth Celebrations Is composed us follows — Tho Pi esident of the N S W Cricket As socl ulon (Right Hou G II Reid, P C , Q C , M P ) Tho President of tho N S W. Rugby Union (Mr 7 J Calvort) , The President NSW Amateur Athletic \ssoclutioii (Mr R Coombes) The Managing Trustee of tho Sydney Cricket Giound (Mi Philip Sheridan) Tho btcietaiy Royal Agricultural Society of N S W (Mr r Webster) Tho Secretary of tho Y M C A Gymna sium (Profeasor W G Ucnshaw). Tho Secretary ot tho Public Schools' \A\ (Mr W Gee) Tue Secretary of the A \ \ ot tho Great Public Schools (Mr G H Devonshire) The Sdcretdry ot the N 3 W. Sports Club, Limited (Mr II C Holdon) Iho becietary ot the NSW. Life-Saving Society (Mr L D Phillips) Tho President ot, the,. N.S..W.A.A.A: has been appointed convener of such commit tee, and hus summoned the members to a meeting to be hold at thot Sports Club, Limited, Hunter-street, to-morrow (Thurs aaj) evening, at S p m Mr Coombes h&3 written to Mr. Tortus, ' general ' secretary, suggesting that tho NSW Law a Tennis Association, tho N.S.W. Lacrosse ?; Associa tion, the N.S.W: Baseball Association, anil tho A.A.U. of Australasia should bo added to tho abovo list .of bodies. It Is also ad-, visablc, in his opinion, that the Life Saving Society should be transferred to tho Aquatic sectional committee, as life- saving has little or no connection with field athletics.1 Welcome Home to Royvlcy. The smoko concert tendered to Stanley Rowley by ibis Ashileld friends and ad mirers at the local Oddfellows' Hall, hist Friday night, proved a pronounced success. Tho 'Welcome Homo' was well worked ud by Mr Cooper, as 'lion secretary, and a strong committee. Tho hall was 'crowded to Ms u'tmoat capacity, and the enthusiasm ?was un,boundoJ Aldonnan Broughton pre sided, and kept . things mm Ing briskly, iwhilat Mr E A loon wias stage and busi ness manager A capital programme was submitted, and amongst the pei- foiratrs was Rowley himself— as a member of the Lyric Qunrtette. A feature was the shonv Ing ot a number of acetylene vlovra, some of ?wlhich showed our champion competing in races in EngUnd, ind also gave portraits of tho American pontiiiB-.nt Notable pic tures iverc Kracnzleln hurdling und broad jumping During the evening Rowley re lated his experiences in England, Scotland, and France. North Sydney Club's Sports. The firal venture, in the way of a spprtb meeting, by 'tho North Sydney A.A.C., 'Wihltih took place lust Saturday afternoon onthe North Sydney Oval, was a yery cn joynblo affair, nicely carried out under dis advantageous circumstances To begin with, -the club -was unable to chargp. for admission 'to the reserve, and; as. our ath letic orgmlsatlons ire not wealthj bodies, that alone was a serious i'tom.v Thou the weather was abominable A Ilercely hot vvejterlj swppt over the ground, which to wards 'tho end of tho g'ames 'turned, into a soutLorlj -buster, and wo went home in n beautiful dust storm. However, the com mittee, hcadel bv Hon Secietory J L-on, Riaeo Secretary T. W. Crawiey; and Hon. Treasurer B. MofTntt, worked hard and in defatlgaWj, and tho verdlot at the end of the da- Tvas entiiely favorable To help bring In some revenue the, committee tools up a collection — some charming -oung ladles went round with the bo\os — and gave half J10 proceeds to the lo=al hospital , whilst to wach down tho dust Mr Lvon had a goodlj supply of lofie hmont, the com-mlllteo bntertainingthe comiretitors and -officials in. the most liberal manner. WK1- space at a premium, I canon); devote ns much attention to the sport as I would like BrloDv put, it was of a very good class, and the presence of Mesora H D Smith, W.C. Rowb, W. F.- Jennings, and A. L Rowed, 11 om Melbourne, and \ B Wil coXj from Brisbane, made affairs addltlon .ally. iu'tercsting. Tie '-short' sprints Were rim oh line grass, dead fa lbs 'teeth of the ?wind, whilst the other running items were contested on 'the circular cinder track, which was very foaid, and suited the bo-s (especially the too and heel men) to a nicety. H. A. Robinson, best known as a distance runner, annexed tho ClubM20yds Handicap, -with Splllor second.' Robinson only just -.?won, as he Was looking evor-- uhejo except at tho worsted, aad bpillerail liu't 'beat him home. In tho hammer throw W. Bethuno did not put in an appearance, w'nica wns a pity Perhaps the .amateui champion did not- care about 'having an allo'warico of 8ft. from Fitzpatrick, but tills could ndt bo helped by. tho handicapper. ritzpai-rich won with tho good throw of 301ft Tin , -wLnst tno locil man managed, SSft By the way, FiUpatrick -v.ho turned thieo I'mo and throw ibo implement like an, artist, ' tolks of going to Melbourne ' for ?tho' Victorian championships. If ho does ci'oss the Munaj he should win v ith tne ihtinmcr Tne opcii tpnut looked a eer talutv for S Brool-e clj-!3, nflci tho he its hfld been decided He ,rot tut awird, but only,' after a desperate finish. As, a- matter of fact, tho judges dl^acieed, one pi icin,j Brooke a fe« irc'ies before r J Thomp on, ii.d-, whilst tLp other could net separate 'them Although the lefereo has nothing 10 do with judging the finish of races, hu was of the opiiion that Brooki hid just won, and Brooke got the award. ??? To show ? how cloao.was'the flnish, spectators and press men about tlio worsted held '-different vie v-, of tho result; one 'thinldng Thompson had von aiid otheri, th t it was a dead boat By tho via', tho Victorian visitors com peted in (lie spiint, but weio not in tho hun't alt ull; The «plk wns one of the mo t 11 tercsling events on tho programme and a'ouscd the sppdtaiois to a gieat pitch of enthusiasm They oheere 1 'tt ilco\ again and ig-iin 1111 J descnealy so— also the winner lvh-o walked In capital stjle Wilkmcon \ ho won was hai uicapped as a uon-pei 'ormei He step ped out- In cbnfldo'nt style; and did. tho. full. db*nnco in iiMn 'S 1-nsec — 1 verj couud so lor a novice Wilcov qulcklj got away fro*ii Field (tile vdtcran was short of coi ditlon) and Cair (in no condition at ail), and , walking in fine ; form' hoisted' 0m in. 30»o' for the full mile— a slashing perfoi ni'nce Bj tho 1 ay, Wil-»\ recehel a oration f-om QM Sergeant Smith dvring a spurt -nftor I'he-leaders. Carr, is aa lSng lisn 'walkei of repute, and competed against W J Sturgcso in the 1£99 English cham pionship Ot 'tho other- Harding sh i.ped vcrj well, and looked to have .1 chance a furlong from home Tho finish was very exciting, Wilkinson, Harding and ^\ilcox 'boing together 130 jrrds from thp worsted In tho Open Mile flat Handicap the feature was the fcuiprifingly good foim of W Gra ham oOjds Graham, it mav be lcmeui bored, won the mile nt the Eight Hour Day sports off :90yds, and despite being, pulled back 40yds, simple romped home in lmin Si 1-jscc Co\, S5jd» also ran v.oll, and secmlnglj tad the race in hp.ul when tho boll rang but in tho laot lap Grahr-m fanly paralysed him One by one the others d*oppe-l out and Wallv York could have boon third had ho so desired Of the Vic torians, Rowed quicklv oiled a go — ho was in no form-Hbut Smith Jennings, and Rowe, especially Smith and lennlngs, ran very ?well If Gralbmn had been on scratch and Coy on about 50yds it would have been a race worth going miles to sec With Rowo, Sni'Uh, and Jennings dead Ilred, they could mal'e no shov against Garvau, Vbiaham and Spiller in the team.! relaj racp.i but even had they been fre«-h they could not have boaiton the local trio — a hoit combination In the first relay Gai van got thirtj jards ahead of Smith and alter Abraham and Rowe 1iad finished the lead was one ot H0yd3. Naturallj Spiiloi, with BOjds start of Jennings, merely had an exercise cadtci and trotted homolOjds 'to thegood of the 'Melbourne man. who ran In ilno, game stylo Almost immediately aflcrwaids Sfiller easily won the 440) ds Club Handicap from sciateh in 3d i-3sec D M Conuell captured the Sack Race, and i3 an artist at the gunie The tug of-'war was quite exciting Thorp were throe leam-i— East, North and Sotun Sjdnej Tne Easts weie given tho bve by the others, as Uhey were an untrained 'scratch combina tion Finally, .iftoi some desperate pull lug, the Souths won, and ivell deserved the victor}. In conclusion, I must sij the ar Tang-einentb were amploand complete. 