COMPLETE STORY. [fcbuehed by srzcm, aebaxgehent.] A MODERN KNIGHT EBRiHT T. KHtKPATRICK. [COPillOHT.J galore ! was singing a tall, sturdy figur® walking rather gingerly along a popular sub* urban road of llirmi ngbam one bright, m oonligbt night about the hour of 12 p.m. No doubt the inhabitants oi tiie reliued neighbourhood were conversant with French, as wealthy merchants having dealings with every part of the world should be; but it was*quite an unusual thing to hear the sounds of a foreign tongue resound ing along a public thoroughfare at such % late hour. Ii there were any incongruity in the matter Tom Smith was not aware "of it. His perspective faculties were, just then, in a not very active state, and his thoughts, or' such of them as were left to him after deep potations of an inebriating element, were fixed on the consummation of a project in which there was considerable risk to be incurred. Even under the exalting in fluences of a liberal use of champagne, he had a vague idea that he was about to essay something or other of a dangerous character, and he found great encouragement by re peating in different kev3 a foreign phrase which was sonorous, musical, and had a certain truculent, piratical air which strong ly recommended it to him in his present; mood. Mr. Tom Smith, or plain Tom Smith, as he was known among a wide circle of ac quaintances, was a young man of twenty four. He had been left an orphan when a lad; and, having evinced a turn of mind for mechanics, his guardians had placed hini in a large engineering works in Birming ham. His apprenticeship terminated with his majority, and at the same time the tutelage of his guardians. He had now learned a trade, and was in possession of £2000 in bonds. Besides, he had an uncle who was a wealthy linen merchant- in Belfast, and who, having no family of his own, intended making Tom his heir. Tom, on attaining his majority, considered his physical education as finished, and thought a coarse at Masons College would better qualify him to bear the onerous burden that would fall on him on his accession to his uncle's estate, real and personal. He never saw much of his uncle, as tbafr dignified gentleman deemed it essential that liis heir should have the virtues of provi dence and thrift early inculcated into lma by the beneficial discipline of supporting himself early in his career by learning a trade. Tom's guardians heartily concurred ► in his uncle's plan, probably because it would give them less trouble than if they had to chaperon him through school and college. Tom was, however^ quite agree able, and having been given the choice of trades, selected that of a mechanical engi neer. The routine labour in the workshops had chilled his passion for mechanical work He soon gave up the idea of becoming an in ventor—the ambition of his boyhood days— and turned his mind in his leisure hours to literary studies, finally entering Mason's College as a student. He had been now three years at college, and had prosecuted his studies with dili gence and success, having secured a scholar ship. He took an active part in all the social meetings at the college. He could sing, a good song, was an all-round athlete, and, thanks to the physical training in the workshop, was the strongest man at the college. He was a good-looking fellow, standing'six feet in his stockings, and was straight as an arrow. His.warm tempera ment, frank disposition and bonhomie, ren dered him one of the most popular students at college. He had a failing which wr»*deeply de plored by his closest associates, who averred there was no allowance made in his com position for the bump of amativeness. Ho enjoyed the company of the fair sex, but he was never known to indulge in any of those sentimental vapourings so characteristic of the undergraduate. He had a reputation in this respect, and was regarded with much wouder on account of his insensibility. He himself believed with his friends that he was impervious to female charms, and was wont in his philosophical moments to analyse the matter from physiological and meta physical points of view, but could uut ar rive at a satisfactory conclusion. However, tho solution was gradually revealed to him in the following manner. He bad lodgings in a distant suburb of tho city, and was wont to stroll along the broacj 4» • ■venues in the vicinity late in the evenings !md enjoy a cigar. The street m which he lived was lined lor the most part with spacious mansions standing m their own gronnds and surrounded by high hedfrcso low walls surmounted by c™1'11"'1' ™ , in^s. One of these houses used to attract judgiu^l^e rear that faced maSio oaS; wKicl. diverted the mind from the suburban character of tlte iteigU bourhood, and imparted the idea that1' stood in a far-spreading demesne. A high wail ran round the grounds, butithad crumbled down at one part, allowing view of the-rear of the house. The build ing was T-shaped. The rear portion or wL approached wiihin twenty- yards of the wall, and was covered with a rani, growth of ivy. The roof of tins lwrt was fijcdi and steep, and the tiles had fallen off in places, leaving large holes, indicating that this part of the mansion had fallen into disnse. So windows coald he seen but one high up in the gable, and it was soTCied TritU a shutter. ^ ' Tom tad often . looked at the old xritk curiosity. He made some casual xn 'luiries about the occupants, hut discoterea nothing more than that the people who Jived there belonged to a very old hmuly, and that they scarcely ever appeared in public. Tliere was a rumour that the house was haunted by the ghost of a former iadv of the manor, who had been put to death bv her husband for intideUtv. and who had adopted the traditional method of asserting her innocence. One evening, about eleven o'clock, he was sauntering listlessly along towards the manor bouse, as it was generally called. As he was passing the breach in the boun dary wall which permitted » view of the ■house, he cast his eyes towards the iyy covered wing. The moonlight shining through an opening in the branches of the trees that shadowed the wing fell upon the window. The shutter was thrown back, showing a row of thick iron bars, apmst which was pressed the pale face of a woman He halted abruptly as if glued to the spot, and stared at the spectral features with mingled feelings of amazement and awe. At that late hour, the quiet, orderly suburb was deserted; and, m the solemn stillness that reigned he experienced a Seel in" of terror creeping over him. 15y a vio lent effort, he regained his composure, and. leaning through the opening in the wall, he tried to make out more clearly the out lines oi the face at the window. The dais, wail threw the moonlit window into greater relief and he conld see the face turned towards the shy. That was no super natural spirit, he concluded; hut, wno could it be? The wing was said to be deserted. Jsone of the ladies of the house, if there were any, would be likeiy to be there at so late an hour, and noaeoftheseryaEts would have the corn-age to he in the haunt ed Tvicg after dark- . . He this debating the matter over m his m;ud, bnt still keeping his eyes on the M-imlotr, when he noticed the tace moved and turned towards the wall. Acting on impulse, he jninncd into the gap, and stood in "the moonlight. The face l disappeared, bat reappeared msfantly after. An arm was thrust through the bars, and beckoned to him. Perhaps it was of some servant after all, be thought. He felt in a quandary, when Pate decided the matter for bim. His foot slipped, aed to save himself from falling be was compelled to leap forward into the gronnds of tlie manor bouse- Peering carefully through The trees to see if anyone were about, and seeing nobodr, he determined wnen there that he might as well go to the wing. Keeping well under the shauow of the trees, be reached the end of the wmg, and raised Ids eves towards the window. He could distinguish the pale features of the woman, whose iong hair hung over her shoulders in thick wavy masses which glistened like burnished gold m of the moon. The face was strikingly hand some, but wan and with an expression of such wild, earnest pleading that he ^invol untarily muttered, "Foul play here! " l)o vou speak French?" said a low, tremulous voice in that tongue. As he had spent several vacations in Paris, he spoke French fluently, and answered in the afiir ^Oh, thank God! thank God!" she ex claimed in stifled accents, and for a n,1«*'e reemed to be overcome with emotion, hut, recovering, she said, "Monsieur, I am a prr-oner—subject to every indignity. 1 Hut vou must not stay any longer now. As von hope for salvation, come again to morrow night; and A rustling in the shrubbery towards tlie front of tbeJiousc attracted bis attention as he bastilv exclaimed," "HistI Fll come. Keep in,'" and darted towards the gap, through which he passed. Ou gaming the street he looked back, bat could not ob serve anvone. He noticed that the shutter was pulled over the window, and, assured that his presence in the grounds had not been discovered, he proceeded leisurely to wards his lodgings, thinking over the inci a<Most likely she was a lunatic, mid, with the preternatural acuteness of such people, . _.t i i,;0 oedefonrp to escape Iroin con Hie preteroauiuu. r »• ' hoped by bis assistance to escape from con finement Still, she was very beautiful; ^Th£"mamier'and words bid a strange effect upon him, which half- convinced him that ther were genuine. Perhaps it would he as well not to follow the matter *pj* further. The following evening, however, he found his thoughts wandering, and was unable to fii them on his studies. As the evening advanced he became restless, and went out for a sharp walk. Unconsciously he bent h;s steps towards the manor Itouse. It was not so late as on the preceding night, and when he reached the gap in the wall he could not distinguish the window in the gable. But he entered the grounds, and, advancing close to the building, looked up, and perceived that the shutter was open. " I am here," lie said in a low voice, in French. Though he could not see anyone, owing to the dark shadows cast on the end of the wing, a voice from above, the same as that of the preceding night, rex>lied, "Thank God, monsieur, you have come. I was afraid. But take that with you; it will explain. Do nob stop now, and do not come again so early, monsieur, if you come. God bless yon, monsieur." A small packet fell close to hint, and, pickiug it up, he put it in his pocket, and returned to liis lodgings. Surely, he thought, there was no dissimulation there. The toucs of her voice rang'with pathos and anxiety. Her words showed that she had not studied her part, with the sharp * igeuuity of insane people. She did not ish him to come so early lest he might attract attention: whilst she herself was at her post early, unable to suppress her eagerness, or lest she might- fail to see him. He was half-convinced that it was a case . should be investigated; though it was hard to realise that an adult could be sub jected to imprisonment without having com mitted any offence in our day of civilisation. However, he could judge better of the merits of the case after reading the con sents of the packet. He opened the packed which consisted of a dozen closely written sheets of paper. The following is i precis of its contents:— " My father was colonel of the 3rd Regi ment of Chasseurs, and my mother was the daughter of an Irish gentleman. My mother died when I was a baby, and five years later my father married an English lady, who belonged to an old family and wa; reputed to be wealthy. - She took the greatest dislike to rae, and prevailed upon my father to .send me to a convent school. On finishing my education she insisted upon my marrying a silk merchant at Lyons. 1 refused, and was supported by my father, who condemned the French custGm of mar rying children without consulting their wishes. A year later my father suddenly died, and his property in England, which he got by my mother, reverted to me. My stepmother suddenly became kind and at tentive. She took me on a lour through Southern Europe. Ultimately we came lo England and visited her brother, who lived near Birmingham. The brother had mar ried a West Indian ereole, and had only one son, who was a deformed idiot. His wife had died a raving maniac. "On mv arrival I teas shown the idiot, and informed be was lo be my husband. At the same lime she gave me her brother's history. I thought she jested; but alas! I soon found out that she was in earnest. Her kindness was only a veil to allay my suspicions. In London, my maid had been dismissed for some trilling offence. I saw, when too late to help myself, that her kind ness, and the dismissal of the maid, were only parts of a prearranged plan. I prayed and besought her to let me return to my friends in France, but she was inexorable. I must marry the idiot, and until I give my consent she has placed me in confinement in a disused wing of her brother's house, part of wluch is occupied by the idiot. 1 have tried to bribe uiy attendant, but she is an old retainer of the house, and would not listen lo me. The windows on the' ground llcor have been all built up, and those on the second floor are strongly barred. ! *' One day I discovered a trap door in tbe ! ceiling of a closet. By the aid of shelves in the closet I climbed up and opened it. Above is the attic, the ceiling of which is broken through in places, showing patches oi blue sky in tbe daytime, and I used to sit and gaze at them for hours, for they were all of the world that I might see. At hist I discovered a wiudow with a shutter on the outride. I opened the shutter, and saw other houses and trees, and my hopes rose. Surely some one wonld see me and como lo my assistance, but the days and nights fled, and I never got an opportunity of addressing anyone. At last, one night, late, I saw from the window a ragged boy prowling among the tress. I called to him, and he looked un. But as soon as he saw mc he uttered a wild scream and fled. Since then I saw no one till yon came.1 The narrative ended with a touching ap peal for help. He was fully convinced of its truth, but was thunderstruck that such infamy could be practised with impunity in a civilised country. It seemed incredible, but lie could not doubt or question the statements he had read; there was a sim plicity, a glowing eloquence, a touching pathos which nothing but Truth and Suffer ing could inspire. After reading it, he concluded that he should secure the assistance of the Law; but on consideration he determined to effect the rescue of the lady himself, as her stex>molhcr would not scruple to have her removed on the find intimation of a legal inquiry, and he would be made to appear in a rather awkward light. The following day he visited several of the tradespeople who knew the occupants, and by casual questions elicited the infor mation that the family at the manor house consisted of a brother and sister, who had been botli married to foreigners. No men tion was made of the idiot or of the lady in the deserted wing. He referred inci dentally to the rumour about the wing being haunted. But this idea was scouted as a phantasy of maids and grooms, and all averred that the only occupants of the house were the gentleman, his sister, and two old domestics. This confirmed the statements in the nar rative. If the lady were insane, some one would have heard of it, as one of the trades people knew of the idiot. He now felt jus tified in takiug measures to aid the lady to escape. He recognised the advantages of having a reliable companion to assist him; but he distrusted the rashness of his college companions and the extreme cau tiousness of the older and more experienced men whom he knew would be willing to help him. He determined finally to attempt the rescue alone. The following night he visited the grounds; but, though he remained for two hours, he was unable to see ber. The next night, however, he saw her, and told her to expect him the next night, when he would have all his arrangements made. The night on which he was to make the attempt was the night on which the athletic club of the college gave its annual banquet. As captain of the club, his ab sence would not be excused; but, undc-r the circumstances, lie decided not to go, as he might be detained late and have all his plans frustrated. In the morning he received a letter from a solicitor in Belfast stating that his uncle was dead, and hud left him a legacy of fifty pounds. The re mainder of his vast property was, contrary to all custom among the wealthy merchants of the northern metropolis, bequeathed to charitable and educational foundations. His uncle had definitely stated that he would make him his heir, and he was sen sible of the gross injustice done him. He I would now have to return to his trade; as J he had not studied with a view to any profession. He must cut short his career at college, and he concluded to attend the banquet, ;ind after that not to return to college. At the supper he did not mention his intention of severing his connection with the college. What was the use? Though oppressed by contending emotions, he hid his inner feelings and participated in the jollity of the evening. He scarcely ever touched spirits, hut to-night he indulged freely, raid was closely imitated by the others. The fun became boisterous, and the spirit of destruction seizing the muddled brains of the undergraduates, they began smashing everything in the room. The hotel staff of servants, reinforced by a num ber of policemen, rushed 011 the scene, and hustled them out, retaining three as guaran tees against damages. Tom escaped somehow, and after mid night found himself lurching along the suburban street which passed the manor house. His mind was not in a very vigor ous condition. He felt in a wild, reckless mood, to which his liberal potations had materially assisted him. On recognising his surroundings there flashed across his memory his acquaintance with the imprisoned lady. "Ah!" he exclaimed, "I'll do it to-night —yet to-night—vogue la galcre." The French phrase so struck Ins fancy that he kept repeating it now in a mumbling under tone, and again with strong denunciatory emphasis. As he approached the manor house, how ever, he became more wary. He clambered over the gap in the wall, and approached the end of the wing. The shutter was closed and no lady could be seen, but he was there to rescue her ** vogue la galore." The luxuriant growth of ivy afforded a means of reaching the window. Throwing off his overcoat and hat, he felt along the wall till he touched a thick stem, and, gripping this firmly with his hands, he began to ascend. Strong tendrils banging from the wall rendered the ascent compara tively easy to a gymnast, and he was soon at the window. Twining his leg around a thick stem that stood out from the wall, and holding it firmly with one hand, with the other he seized the shutter, which he wrenched back. The fastening on the in side broke, and it flew open. But strong iron bars half-an-inch thick impeded aDy farther progress. , He descended in safety, and hurried to liis lodgings. Reaching his rooms, he pru dently drunk a bottle of sodawatcr, and bathed his head and face in cold water, aud felt cooler and fresher. From a chest of tools in his rooms he selected a file and hammer. He also got a bottle of oil, and after rummaging among the odds and ends in a cellar got a rope, which he tied round his waist, and returned to the manor house. He mounted as before to the window, but nearly fell several times, as the ivy was beginning to give way. On reaching the window, he tied an end of the rope to one of the bars, and then fastened it securely under his arms to support him whilst filing through the bars. Pouring some oil on the file and one of the bars, he began to file it through. The oil deadened the sound; but it was long, tedious work. For tunately the bars were in loose sockets, and when cut through were easily taken out. A second bar "had to be cut before he could enter, but this he finally did. Striking a match, he found himself in a long room, the ceiling of which sloped down from the centre to the floor. He was walk ing along, peering closely at the floor to discover the trap-door, when the boards suddenly lifted in front of him and the lady herself appeared. She uttered an ex clamation of fear, but did not retreat. "Who are you?" she asked iu French. And her rescuer, whose brains were not quite dear yet, answered at first in English, but rapidly corrected himself and replied in French. " Oh, I thought yon were not coming. I stopped at the window so long, that I was afraid the attendant might come and no tice my absence. I heard you coming across the door, and knew it was you, mon sieur, 011 whom may God pour his richest blessings." " There! there1 Let us hurry out of this as quick as we can," hastily rejoined Tom, who led her to the window, and, pulling in the rope, fastened one end securely round her chest under her arms. | *' iCow slip through the window, and I'll, let you down," he said. * I She passed out, and Tom, bracing his j feet against the wall and exerting his I strength, paid out the rope 2en*-y :l»d I gradually till the strain on it was relieved, ; and he knew she was-safe on the ground. ; He then pushed his way out between the ; bars, and catching the rope, one end of which was still attached to a bar, he slid down to the ground. _ Catching her hand, they hurried across the grounds, and climbed over the wall without being seen. Mechanically he turned in the direction o? his own lodgings, which were about half-a-niile away in the same street. He had almost reached them be fore he realised the imprudence of introduc ing a female into the house under such pecu liar circumstances. His potations at the students' banquet had worked off by this time their e-il effects, and his mind was clear and alert. Ho anticipated a rigorous search for the missing lady, and felt that those who had shut her up in the deserted wing would exhaust every resource to recover her agaiu. The main point at present was con- j cealment; but where? was the question he I put to himself, and to which he could find I no satisfactory answer. His sense of honour I forbade him taking her to his own lodgings, | and yet he saw no other alternative. He ; was debating the matter when she stopped i Und said: 41 Monsieur, you have done me a service which I can never repay, but I reproach i myself for exposiug you to^ the enmity of I such a woman as my stejmiolher, wno is cruel and pitiless. I will try to escape to France, where 1 have some friends, who will no doubt protect me from her; but I shall always remember with deep gratitude your services." "But," he exclaimed, . "if yonr step mother be so resourceful and pitiless, she wilt recapture you before you have left Eng land. "Where would you go now?" "I would keep to the country, and the poor country people are honest and com passionate, and would help me to reach Hover." "Have you any money? Pardon me for "asking the question, hut if yon have not an attempt to escape in that manner weald he will nigh impossible; besides, you co^ild never walk all that distance." 441 have jewels here," she said, putting her hand in her breast and pulling out a-, necklace of fine large pearls. "Those," she added, " would assist me." "I am seriy to discourage you, but the possession of those jewels and the fact that yon do not speak English fluently would only expose you to suspicion and perhaps worse. I was thinking if I knew any place where you could remain in seclusion until your stepmother had relaxed her efforts to recover you; but I cannot at present think of any place. My own rooms are close by,. and " Then he suddenly broke off, as a foot was heard approaching rapidly. Catchinj the lady by the arm, he hastened aW4. the .sidewalk lor a short distance, and then turned up a gravelled walk bordered with yews, which led to a terrace of houses standing back from the street. Without speaking, he led his companion towards one of these, the door of which he opened with a latch-key. He left her in the hall, and stood at the half-open door, listening in tently. He heard the foosteps approaching, and half expected to hear them turn to* wards the terrace, but they passed by, and he shut the door. He took the lady to a sitting room and lighted the gas. The drawing room was in the front, and the blinds on the windows looking towards the street were up. The lady was standing in the centre of the room, looking towards the windows, when be was lighting the gas. Suddenly she uttered an exclamation, and, swaying to the side, would have fallen had he not caught her in his arms. She was very pale, and her eyes were fixed on the window. He laid her on a sofa, and, dart ing towards the window, looked out and saw the figure of a man running down the walk. On hearing the footsteps the first lime, he. anticipated pursuit, and had turned to his lodgings; but, on a little consideration," be became convinced that the escape of the lady would not be detected till the morning, and that it was only some late wayfarer returning home. Now it was evident that the man had been following them; or why should he leave the street and approach the windows where a light was seen? Turning to the Lady, wlio was sitting trembling on the sofa, he asked, 44D;d you know that man?" " Oh, monsieur," she exclaimed, with an * expression of abandoned hope on her face, " I sliall be- taken back." "No, mademoiselle, they shall not take you back if I can help it," he replied with determination, clasping her hand to assure her. 44 But who was he?" he asked. ' He was the gardener, and looked after tlie poor idiot.. Every night be visited my j rooms, and early every morning, -leaving i me food. He must have been there and ' have seen how we escaped, and followed Tom paced the room, deep in thought Every few minutes he glanced at the lady; and, at last, going up to her, he said, •■'Mademoiselle, will you trust me?" She looked into his eyes with the utmost confidence, and, placing her hand in his, £aid, "Monsieur, I trust you." • "It is half-past three now; at four a train starts for London, and I will accom pany yon there, where you will be in com parntive safety for a iime," he said, and, hurrying to his bedroom, threw a few useful articles into a small valise and returned to the drawing room. The gas was turned out, and as they passed through the hall he threw a shawl, wliich was lying on a table, over tho lady's head, telling her to keep il well before her face to baffle identification. When they reached the street the sound of a vehicle was heard approaching, and, thinking it not unlikelv that it came from the house from which the ladv had effected her escape, they took a side street and hastened towards New Street Station. For tunately they came across a belated cab, which was hailed, and they were driven rapidly to the station; but bad barely time to secure tickets before the train started. During the journey Tom had time for re flection. It was a strange adventure he was engaged in. He was going farther than lie anticipated; but the disappointment of his uncle's will had so upset all his plans that it did not matter much where he went or what he did. He had cut his connection .with the college, and had a vague intention of going abroad to one of the colonies. He looked at the beautiful pale face opposite him in llie compartment, which was re garding him so gratefully, and he felt a thrill of infinite pity for this poor op-* pressed lady. He would see Iier in safety and among friends first. Now. that he had left Birmingham, he would not return. Some of his acquaintances conld easily settle his affairs there, and he would remain in '^London tiU he had formed his plans for the futnre. Arriving at London, he drove to a quiet hotel near the Strand and left the lady there, whilst he Iiimself went to another hotel. In the afternoon he visited his father's solicitors, and requested them to convert all his bonds into cash. He then wrote to his landlady ia Birmingham, in structing her to pack up his clothes, and forward them to the-address of his solici tors. At the same time, he sent a cheque to a college chain, who was to settle all bis accounts and see to the disposal of some articles of value in his lodgings. This done, he visited the lady, who had kept strictly to her room all day, and at his suggestion she wrote to her friends in France, giving the circumstances under which she wrote, and requesting that all letters should be directed to a firm of solicitors. A vreek passed, and Tom's affairs were all arranged, and he was in the possession of the money from the sale of the bonds. He had. received communications from Binning ham, wliich made him fear for the safety of the lady. Inqnirics had been made for his whereabouts, and ho was expecting every day to meet emissaries of the lady's step mother in London. At his suggestion, the lady had changed her hotel, and was now staying at Streaibain. She would have j goue immediately to France; but he pre- i vailed on her to remain where she was till : ■she bad received some information from her : friends. \- At the end of a week, she got a letter through Tom's solicitors from one of her friends, who, instead of proffering hospital ity, coldly told her to return to her step mother. This was from the friend on whom she relied the most for protection. It was a cruel blow to her hopes 5 and, in despair, she showed Tom the letter, asking him what she should do. She was prepared to do anytliing rather than return to her stepmother. Her beauty, the cruelty to which she had heen subjected, and her forlorn situation had deeply affected her rescuer. From deli cacy he had always repressed in her pre sence any manifestation of the feeling3 she inspired. Now, when every hope was cut off, he disclosed his love, and entreated her to marry him. Together they would pro ceed to the Cape, and there, far away from tho woman who had done her so much in jury, she would be safe, and need fear no interference from her stepmother, who, moreover, dared not interfere with her as his wife. She laid her head on her hands, and he could see the tears dropping on the floor. Looking up, she said: " Monsieur, do you orako this offer because you do not wish to see me left alone in the world?" " That, and because I love you—love you is I thought it was not in my nature to love anyone," he cried, raising her hand !o Ids lips. But she pulled her hand away, Snil, lilting her face, said, "Monsieur, 1 believe you. I also That was a happy afternoon to the lovers, Notwithstanding the dark cloud that threa tened their happiness, but Tom was an energetic man, and he determined that she should have his legal protection at the Earliest moment. He consulted his solici tors, and, having procured a special license, tboy were married at the earliest possible date allowed by law. The passages were already.booked for the Cape, where they intended going. But on Iho day before they started, Tom received ft hasty summons from lus solicitors. On reaching their offices, the head of the firm, to whom Tom had communicated all the de tails of his wife's imprisonment, informed him thai the house in which she was im prisoned bad been burnt to tbe ground; that bis wile's stepmother bad been rescued from tbe burning building, only to survive a few hours, but that she bad in that time confessed bsr iniquitous dealings towards her stepdaughter, to whom, however, she made every reparation then in her power by leaving her ail her property. This news changed hisplans for the pre sent. Leaving bis wife with tbe solicitor's family, he proceeded to Birmingham, and took over in his wife's name all her pro perty, which he sold. His wife could not bear to live there, and he himself did not wish it. As soon as he had the properly disposed of he returned to London, and a week after, accompanied by his wife, set sail for the Cape. At the base of a "kopje" is a large colo nial house surrounded by broad verandas, draped with flowering vines. A broad val ley stretches out in front, bordered on either side by high ridges covered with trees. Cattle and horses roam about lu hundreds, and on every side are evidences of a well-stocked and well-conducted farm. And here Tom, now a member of the Cape Parliament, lives with his beantifnl wife. Years have fled past, and a family have grown up around them, but husband and wife ate as devoted to each other as on that night in the quiet Streathnm hotel, when they opened their hearts, and arc! perfectly happy in their South African home. * ; 