BREVITIES. Last issue of the War Cry reports the capture of two more souls in Lithgow. ; There is at present an unwonted prevalence of coughs and colds about this town and neighbor hood. Rev. P. J. McGloue will be absent durin" portion of this week at a church conference in Sydney. A lantorn entertainment is to be given to-night in the Wcslcyan schoolrhall. The subject is the Poor war. A few marriages have been celebrated locally during recent weeks. Others are said to be in contemplation. - The tender of Mr. Pippard, Lithgow (J244 10s Od), has been accepted for fencing at the New Vale public school. Senior- sergeant Atkinson was on duty in Bathurst tho greater part of last week in connec tion witli the show. During Saturday and Sunday 151 points of rain fell at Lithgow. Tho fall, too, was of' tho beneficial, soaking kind. The Municipal Appeal Court is due for this day week. At present we cannot say how many notices of appeal havo been lodged. Tho wet weather materially interfered botli with business on Saturday night and tho attend ance at church services on Sunday. Recent rains and tho comparative absence of frosts have- vastly improved winter prospects in this district. The country around looks quite verdant just now. At the Council meeting last night two tenders wore received for the proposed additions to the School of Arts. The matter will he finally dealt with at next meeting. Mr. Ilickson, Under-Secretary, Public Works Department, was in Lithgow yesterday morning, and, during the short time at his disposal, visited sonic of the principal industries.' It lias been suggested that "Veteran " George Coulehcr, armed with his magazine rifle, should be deputed to bring down the railway ghost-. With the "Vet " inaction one cartridge would be enough. According to the Worker report, at the Lost meeting of tho N.S.W. Provincial Council "Mr. Joseph Cook, M.L.A., attended as the repre sentative of tho Lithgow District Council, and received a cordial welcome,- which was suitably acknowledged." A resident of Hepplc's Flat informs us that 48 out of 56 people in that place arc in favor of the latest scheme. Another resident asserts that the majority, feeling is strongly for the Albert-street bridge,- and that the signatures to a recent petition arc worthless. The Flat people should have a meeting at once and decide what they really want. As nlrcady announced, the annual collection for Lithgow hospital will lie hold throughout tho district next Saturday. On Sunday afternoon a procession ot the friendly .societies, ambulance corps, fire brigade, and cyclists will march through the principal streets, and will be fol lowed by the usual public meeting in the Odd- fellows'-hall. , The pharmacy and dentistry business hitherto carried on by tho Australian Drug Company, for whom Mr. Meihuish recently had charge,, lias been purchased outright by Mr. W. J. Beard. This gentleman' has for years been carrying on business at Surry Hills, Sydney, and Manly ; besides which ho held the position of vice- president of tho Pharmaceutical Society of New South Wales for some time. He is, therefore, well qualified by a lengthy and varied experience in the business. 