THE DRAMA. EXITS AND ENTRANCES. PERSONAL PARS ABOUT PROS The Macbeth Production — Nance Is Superb andM'Kee Rankin Ludicrous— Peg Wofflng toti Artistically Successful— Lottie's Legs In White— Tbe Nellie Stewart Divorce — Woad-Stsined Legs— end Other Matters of More or Less Dramatic Moment. The present production of 'Macbeth' will be remembered by playgoers for the excel lence in acting of Nance O'Neil, and for the absolute badness of almost everybody clso. In Lady Macbeth, Mies O'Neil has a perfectly suitable part. The tragedienne i possesses a fine figure and a majestio voice; in awe, perhaps, of Shakspeare, she has J abandoned all her mannerisms, and acts with a restraint and a dignity whioh ahe has not before displayed ; and, most impor tant of all, she has the passion and the vigor for this the greatest of all tragical r61es. A slight extravagance of gesture, due perhaps to nervousness,, marked ber acting in the fourth scene of the first act on tbe opening night ; in all the scsoea that followed she was superb. M r. M *Kee Rankin as Macbeth was simply farcical. His 'make-up' was that of a hodiuau growing fot' in a Tammany bar room. He had not done the audienoe the compliment of learning his lines ; and the spectacle of this uncouth figure mumbling and mouthing, murdering some of the finest poetry in the language, was roost tragicaL in parts there was a glimpse of better things ; indeed, it was possible to believe at times that, if he bad Uiken the trouble to have learned his lines and to have studied their meaning, Mr. Rankin would have been a fair Macbeth. But he Jiad not even a parrot's knowledge of the»part, and a ludi crous and lamentable exhibition reached the climax of .absurdity when Mr. Rankin waddled feebly, around in the last great combat scene, which should mark the apogee of the tragedy. What little Mr. Kingston bad to do he did well, and seemed to do excellently be cause of tbe failings of others. Mr. Irank Harcourt is worthy of commendation, for his aoting of the First Murderer. The others of . the caste failed absolutely. Tbe stage management, whilst most ambitious and Costly, was-not too successful ; but that will probably be remedied as the run continues. The icene painting (by Gordon) was ad mirable. There has not beeo ae fine and correct a set of stage pictures since George ? Rignold's 'Julius Canir,' Edgar Kslly^s accompanying music was played by a special [ orchestra of 40 performers. What bits j of it I heard gave the impression 1 of weird force and some originality, but tho bare-backs of the dress circlc, with thoir damnable 'chatter, pretty effectively! smothered the instruments. ' j The management hopes that ' Macbeth ' I will run a month. It has been illustrated: so splendidly and Nance O'Neil fict-s so superbly that it is to the public interest that the hope should be realised. But to allow that,. another Macbeth must be found and half-a-dozen subsidary characters must be taught to give a little animation to their I parts. | ' Peg Woffington' showed the Nance ! O'Neil Company in a favorable light. Nance as Peg was to tbe manner sborn, and sur prised the critics with her power of comedy. Except that she verged on the tragical when she attempted to be hoydenish, her per formance of the, Irish actress was spL-ndi l. ; Mr. Barton Hill had the most important part of the piece as Triplet, and played it with L'rcat faithfulness and genuine art. I M iss Roxy Barion was also go d as Mabel 1 v ane. Mr. Kingston, as Sir Charles Po- I mander, added to the good impression created by his acting in 'School for Scandal.' Mr. Plimtnttr, aa fCrnest Vane, was altogether at sea — his tuake-up was too suggestive4-f a boor, and his manner also. Vane was supposed to be a country gentle man, not a cluwuish oaf. At the Tivoli .packed houses are now the rnle, the very st ong bills presented having - removed all traces of that bashfulnsssat the , box-office which tbe publio showed a few j weeko ago. Lottie Collins has -ome new j songs, one of which is noted for showing more than a glimpse of those delightful legs in white stockings. Not many , legs can stand white stockings, but Lottie's are among the number. In a bicycle song tbo fair singer doesn't kick up to any extent, j but still is bright and chippy. Mr. Harry Gray, the late6t arrival, does not manage to ' keepallof the audience from going away when his turn begins. Emmonds, Emmcrson and - Emmonds are a genuinely funny trio, and their performance is one of the very best. At the Criterion Theatre ' The Black Flag' is attracting good bouses. On Satur day *' Dr. J^kyll and Mr. Hyde' w\U be staged for the tirst time in Sydney. The play follows closely Mr. Robert Louis Stevenson's powerful and uncanuy book and . should prove a very attraotive piece. j ? ? * ( The Theatre Royal bill continues un- 1 changed. It does not rely iu vain on tbe attractions of Sheridan's skirts and of many shapely ladies without skirts. The virtue of well-tilled tights as drawers is geuerally manifest in Sydney.* j Tbe Nellie Stewart divorce case has not gone through without a hitch, as was hoped, j Petitioner, Ricbaid Joldsl er -ugh Row, sued oo tbe ground of desertion, and Eleanor Stewart Kow (n£e Towsy) did not put in an appearance. In his evidence Row swore that he bad bad some experience of con nubial bliss, he and his wife having enjoyed about a week's honeymoon in a Hunter street boarding-house. This oontradicts tbo current theatrical yarn that the couple parted 'at the ohurch door.' According to petitioner's evidence, there was quite a re markable degree of ignorance on his part as to divorce law, as this bit of cross-examina- , tion will show : — His Honor : Was she willing to live with you , if you allowed her to go on the stage ? : Petitioner : No. His Honor: She would not live with you any way ? Petitioner: No. Hie Honor : Since 18S4 until now has there been any correspondence ? Petitioner : I think one or two letters, simply asking ber if she intended to leave the stage, and come and live with me. His Honor : Since 1895 have you written to ber? 1 Petitioner : No. His Honor : Why not ? j Petitioner: I thougbtit was all over. His Honor : Why aid not you take proceed ings before ? Petitioner: I did not know antfl about 18 months ago that I could get a divoroe on the ground of desertion. His Honor : Did you consult anyone as to your position ? Petitioner: Yes; Mr. J. T. Smith. His Honor: There has been an extraordinary delay. Finally the case was adjourned to have corroborativeevideuceas to Row's ignorance, his Honor remarking that he couldn't under stand anyone who read the papers having so little knowledge of the law. &ut; then the young man may not read the papers — especially the divorce reports, whicb are said to sometimes contain naughty matters. Row* 8 bitters — tha marital experience of Nellie Stewart's husband. According to evidence in a divorce case now proceeding* Nellie Stewart is 39 years Carne made a very poor show in ' Mac beth.' His voice and manner are not robust enough for tragedy. Dampicr will keep hiB flag a-flying at the Criterion Theatre for an indefinite period yet. There is ,no talk of evacuating any time this year. I In ' Macbeth,' Nance O'Neil's back is not in evidence, but on the first night, the wife of a leading member of tbe company made up for that. Kingston was the brightest of the male actors in ' Macbeth,' and bad a big recep tion from the audience, bis faithful wifey leading it vociferously. Alfred Clint, who is doing, with his son, ths scenery for Rickards' pantomime, will be recollected as producing tbo splendid pictures of Rignold's triumphs of stage management. Mr. George Buller, Alfred Dampier's popular manager, has sufficiently recovered from bis illness to be able to get about : but he will not attempt to act again for 1 some time yet. J. C. Williamson and George Kignold have received national recognition for the first time, being selected by the Govern ment to manage a section of the Common wealth celebrations. There has not ibeen seen in Sydney foT years such a qMst audience as greeted ' Macbeth'' on itVonening night. The foun dation of a splendid run might have been then laid but for Mr. Rankin s acting. j Miss Emily Lambton, daughter of the ' Deputy-Postmaster.General, has joined the Nance O'Neil company. Nance appears to have a liking for amateurs. Or is it Wil. liamson ? There are at least four in the j company now. At Her Majesty's on Saturday night a I mild sensation was caused by the sight of Adelipa de Lara sitting in the circle with, spparently, nothing on. When the lady rose from her seat, however, it was apparent that she had only half fallen out of ber ] bodice. - Fiendish chatter clattered and clacked j around^ 'tho circle' of Her Majesty's on I Saturday night — not all from frivolous . fashiqnaole fatheads either— but from tbe supposedly soulful University people. The ushers tbould have orders to throw out j blaring talkers. Emma B onton, now. playing with Shnri dan, was at one time with Frank Thornton, I also with Brough and Boucicault, likewise 1 with Williamson and Musgrove. Oil the , stage she is Mrs. J. G. Joyce. One of ber ben characters waa as Ruth, the house keeper, in ' Sweet Lavender.' An elephant which escaped from Worth's circus caused some consternation Id Mel bourne one day last week. Tbe huge animal, in a violent temper, made its way to tbe Parliament Reserve with the object, apparently, of shifting the M'Lean Govern* msnt from office. The animal was, bow* ever, captured bsfore any harm was -ione, and Sir George Tujn-jr shunted Lhe Ministry of his own ni'tiuu. (JuiiM that most judi cious aninnil be brought to Sydney mid set loose in Ma«.j«\avu;-street.? George RignoM is n lirst-class comcsVif.n well ns a ^reat tragedian. In 'Con- fusion/1 which he is now playing iu iln: country, Ki^noU! was ome so funny that Lhe rliMlcmg s\udiiknt:e would not let him go on with his lines, whereat he grew angry. ' What the ? hell are you laughing at ? ' he said, quite audibly. On board tho I?.. M.S. Orrmis, which arrived at Perth on Friday loat, are ihreo Kntfli.sh stage artists, T. Uudfion, K. Leane, and Miss Lizzie Kirk, under engagement to Mr. Harry Rickards. Messrs. F. 0. V. Lane (-»-; champion swimmer of Australia}, J. Mailings, liindhorg, and A. .1. Marks (an ? Knglisli swimmer) are also passengers by the same boat. * George Coppin cannot he accused of ex. trovajance. The latest is that when an old mummer died the other day, the veteran promised to suhscri' e lo tho luneral fund. Afterwards he wap waited on. 44 We've buried him, Mr. Coppin ; there was a two horse hojrse, and ? ' ' A two-horhe hearae ? Wouldn't one horse have been enough? Well, here's Gs. ' Mr. Rickards' pantomime, it has now been definitely decided, will bo staged at the Sydney Tivoli. The principals have been already published, and also the fact that Clint, than whom no ono can do better a transformation scene, 'will do tho scenory. It will be a pity that the Tivoli Variety Show should bo temporarily shut up, hut the pantomime will be certainly a great draw. Sir Henry Irving is now 62 years of age. He started acting at the ago of IS. Having worked himself up in the provinces, Irving got to Ivondon 3-4 years ago. His tirst great 6ue-esswas at tho Vaudeville, where, in 1870 he appeared for «i00 nights as Digby Grant in Alhery's comedy, the 'Two Roses,' a piece first introduced to a Sydney audience by Morton T&vares; and his wife, Miss Surtees. During his recent visit to Vienna, the Shah of Persia presented three caskets of torquoises to Mme. , Kapasci-Karczag, a Hungarian operette singer of great personal attractions, for singing into his phonograph. Of other ladies of less not?, it is said that the v-hah took more away than a voices record. The keeper of the Shah's she-shop (known to Persians as tbe harora) will receive several guests. Signor Carmini Morley, a vocalist, aged 60 years, diod a few days ago from injuries received through falling from a tram-car in Harris-street. The deceased made his first appearance in Australia as leading tenor in the Simon&en; Opera Company. On retiring from the stage he began to teach musio in Dunedin, where he initiated an amateur operatic producti n scheme. LatterJy he hsd been teaching in Sydney. A mild controversy is going on in a Sydney newspaper respecting the names of the great tragedian lirooke. One writer is sure his name is Uustave Vasa Brooke. The present writer is the fortunate possessor of many pictures of Br'ook^ in character, taken trom , Daguerrotypea by F tzgibbon, of St. Louis, U.S. of America. On one portrait in private costume the name is written in full — GusLavus Yaughan Brooke. George Rignold opened at Bathurst ou November 14, with 'Called Back' to a packed house. The following night 'My Partner' was staged, and on the third night ' Confusion.' It was handsome Georgeys first appearance in the city of the plains, and great success attended the experiment. The show was engineered by Dick Kenna, who claims Bathurst us his native place and consequently knows how to handle the ropes. There hat not been seen in Sydney for many a year so much nude female leg as is shown by the lady ' barbarians ' taking part in ' Macbeth.' Tbey came in with a battering ram, attired in a few opossum skins and a little tattooing. A ballet by t hese barbarians (by the way, what historical justification has M*Kee Rankin for their in troduction ?) would bring down the house ; and it would be not more incongruous than some other features. Tbe late Joey Gougenhiem left daughters who require assistance. A meeting was held at the Hotel Australi t en Thursday last, Sir George Dibbs in the chair. It was decided to call for publio subscriptions. ! Mr. A. W. Gillies was appointed treasurer, and Miss A. M. Helnisley and Mr, D. I O'Connor, M.P., joint hon. sees. Among those present were Messrs. J. T. Toohey, H. Plimmer, James Tliynne, John Bennett, F. J. Smith, Mrs. Hotham, and Miss Fitz eimons. £32 was subscribed in the room. Mr- James Anderson, an exponent of the old-time drama, made his first appcarance at the Hayuiarke£ Theatre, Melbourne, July 13, 18C7, as ' Hamlet Mr. Robert Heir, the Ghost ; Mrs. Heir, the Queen ; Mr. George Coppin, Polonius; fR. B. Gill, as 1 the Grave Digger, and Marie St. Denis, Orphclia. Of these, Mr. Coppin— at the age of 80 years-rjs the only one living. Ander sou returned to England and died there. Bob Heir is buried at tho Bluff, having 1 died on the passage to New Zealand. Mrs. Heir, afterwards Mrs. George Darrell, j lies in the Melbourne General Cemetery. Willie Gill died among the Maoris, and Marie St. Denis had a mclancholy end. She was brilliant, young, and fascinating, with promise of being a great actress. She made in Melbourne the acquaintance of a handsome, wealthy man, who was said to have seduced her under a promise of mar riage. He turned out to be a married man, and, rather than face tho world, she com mitted suicide by taking poison. She lies in the Melbourne General Cemetery, near the graves of Kllen Mostyn, Mrs. Vickery, Hattie Shep/ard, Mrs. Darrell (Fanny Cath cart of old), G. H. Rogers, John Dunn, and other favorites of the sixties who there sleep the sleep that knows no waking. 