Witches and Witch craft. STRANGE SURVIVAL OF SUPERSTITION AMONGST THE DUTCH AMERICANS. THE COUSINS OF THE BOERS. It is almost two centuries and a half since the witchcraft delusion was sup- posedly stamped out in this country (says the "New York Herald"). As a matter of fact, the belief in witchcraft survives to day. The charms and in- cantations, and spells believed to be powerful in exorcising evil spirits are ns zealously practised as they were in the Middle Ages or among tho first colonists of Massachusetts. Nor is it necessary uo go among the superstitious blacks in the negro belt of the South to find this belief. It flourishes within a hundred miles of New York City, in a State that prides itself on the intelligence of its inhabi- tants, and among people who are pointed out as models of citizenship. No doubt there are many out of the .way corners of the country where lin . gering remnants of this superstition are to be found, but the. section which is its stronghold and where the charms supposed to counteract "spells" and .chants" are regularly practised by "witch -doctors" in Eastern Pennsyl vanii. Berks and Chester comities and the Schuylkill Valley harbor a widespread belief in witchcraft. The city of Reading contains a number of witch doctors, and they are to be found also in some of the smaller towns. One of the most prominent of fliese witch doctors told me that his prac se i extended over a circuit of a hundred miles about the city of Read- ing. This is the region chiefly in- habited by the Pennsylvania Dutch, although they are by no means the only believers in the wiles of the witch doctors. Representatives of old Qua- ker families and newer importations from Europe frequently apply to the witch -»xorcisers and "pow-wow" men in cases where ordinary means fail. Of course this belief in witchcraft, evil spirits, and all the parapherlia of THE BLA.CE A.HTS is no new thing in this region. It has persisted here among the quiet Penn- j sylvania hills since the time it was shared in common with the rest of the world. These people, first cousins of j the Boers, do not change ? with the, changing centuries any more than have the Dutchmen whom the British are fighting. The old beliefs are handed down ¿rom generation to generation, likewise the arts of the witch doctors and pow-wowers who are supposed to be capable of combating the malign *. influence are usually handed down, from" father' to son. Several of the witch doctors of the present time are descended for two or three generations from men who have practised the same arts in thu same locality. The hold which these beliefs have gained upon the minds of the inhabi- tants of this particular region it is almost impossible for an outsider to understand. IQ fact the whole struc- ture and the customs of society here are different from what may be found in any other part of the country. The people are out of the world and not in- fluenced by events that take place be- yond their encircling hills. The exposure of the existence of THIS MEDIAEVAL DELUSION on the very edge of the twentieth cen- tury is due to Dr. John M. Bertolet, a prominent physician of Reading, Pa. Dr. Bertolet has frequently come across evidences of the witch doctor's work in the course of his practice. Becoming interested in the subject, he collected much information concerning it. When I asked Dr. Bertolet the other day to tell me some of the results of his investigations, he said : "The first charm I found was about two years ago. I was hastily sent fur to see a woman. In making an exami nation of the patient's chest, I found j something under the undergarment, and asking her what that was, I was j told, " Tho witch doctor placed that on ! . my chest, saying it would drive away 1 all my ailments into the body of hiih or her who was haunting me. "When I removed the charm and placed it in my pocket the worra i was horrified, and said : " 'I would not carry that charm in my pocket one minute, if I were you, for any amount of money. It will pring the spell upon you.' "I assured her that there was abso- lutely nothing to be feared from such nonsense, and that I was not afraid to carry a bushel of such charms with me. She seemed, however, very much worried as to my welfare, and re- peatedly referred to the matter when- ever I visited her. This woman's child had also been sick, and was believed by its mother to be bewitched. I had difficulty in convincing her that such was not the case, but that the ch-Jd was suffering because it was fed on soui' milk. After a few days' treat- ment the child had entirely recovered. The mother was suffering from some internal trouble, which ber-ame entirely cured after an operation for lacerated carvix. "A few months ago I was consulted by a young man who seemed to be upon the verge of becoming a manias under most peculiar circumstances. Hitving some in ignificant trouble he hid consulted a female witch doctor, who told him that his condition was due to a young woman who had held a penny in her mouth on a certain oc- casion when he visited her, and that as a result he was doomed to pass into consumption and to die within a few months. "This alarming statement threw the young man into a condition of acute melancholia, which seriously affected his health. He consulted another well- known witch doctor, who con- firmed his fears by assuring him that he was bewitched and who gave him a charm intended to break the spell. When he visited me, having been per í suaded to do so bj some acquaintances who did not believe in witchcraft, his mental condition was really alarming and he believed that be was afflicted ; with consumption. "When I examined him I found that the witch doctor had placed a small muslin bag on bis chest, suspended by a piece of white tape around his neck. I removed it and found that it con- tained assafoetida and a lot of curious , looking material, which he had been told would drive away his ailment and afflict her who gave it to him. "J tried in every way to convince this young man that he need not worry, that his longs were perfectly sound, and the fact of believing what the calored woman had told him and the conjuring of the other witch doc- tor was all nonsense and not to be re j garded in the least. He finally went j away to visit a brother in the country, I and under the influence of the change of scene he forgot his afflictions. When I saw him a few days ago his health was perfect, but at the time when he first came to visit me he was in a fair way to become an inmate of an insane asylum. "Only a few weeks ago I became ac- quainted with the coses of, two women on whom a commission in lunacy was appointed and who are now in an asylum. The testimony plainly showed that both these women were victims of the nonsense preached into them by the witch doctors. Should such fel ! lows go unpunished f Dr. Bertolet showed me a number of I charms which he had collected from I his patients. One that will serve as a I fair sample consists of j A SMALL. MÜSLIS BAG, ' intended to be hang about the neck. On the outside of fha bag appear the j letters LN.R.L "and some meaning- less characters. Inside it contained a scrap of paper on wLich was written a charm made up, as are many of the incantations of the witch doctors, from a curious book which many of them possess, and which is called th« "Seventh Book of Moses." A part oi the writing runs as follows: "I (Here is inserted the name of th< bewitched person) forbid you my bed stead, I forbid you my house ¡and yan in the name of God. I , forbid yoi in the name of God and the Hob Trinity my blood and flesh, my bod] and souL I-forbid you every nai hole in my house and yard until yoi climb every little tree, wade through all little streams, count all the littli leaves on the trees and count all th little stars in the skies, until the beau tiful day shall come when the mothei .of God shall bring forth her secon< son, in the name of God the Fathet God the Son, God the Holy Ghost." The charm runs on at great lengtl in this vein, and concludes, as dd mah; others which havo come into Di Bertolet's possession, with the follón ing form, which is known as th "cabalistic square": S A T O It A R E P O TENET OPERA ROTAS The charms very greatly in fora Most of them contain some sue1 written forms as the one quoted, an some have also the claws or hairs c certain animals, bits of herbs, or othe harmless substances. I visited a number of " witch do< tors" and "pow-pow" physicians i and about Reading. It is not diffieol to find them, for the knowledge < their practice is pretty general. Son» of them dislike the attention that the have been receiving, and deny th* they prescribe treatment for witches < spells. One to whom I had bee directed as the most prominent of tl class declared that he had never do tored for witches. However, as I ha previously talked with others who ha evidence of such practice in the shap of charms that he had prescribed, was not as greatly impressed by h denial as I might otherwise ha\ been. He was an old man who look© from his general proportions and tl style of chin whiskers which I affected, as though he might be a nei relative to Oom Paul. He certain! would never have been picked out of crowd as being a physician. It di not require a long conversation to n veal the fact that his medical knov ledge was as unusual as his person« appearance indicated. Some idea < its extent ma}r be gathered from testimonial which he proudly e: hibited to me. This testimonial was a bona fie statement from a young woman whoi he had treated, as I discovered on ii vestigation. It set forth the fact th; the writer at one time had lost a control of her nerves and suffered fro "spasms" almost every day. She co: suited other physicians in vain, and i length called in this particular one, wi pronounced her trouble "eieetric ma netism" (I quote from the testimonial ' and' after three months of his trea ment I was completely cured." TI method of the cure is not detailed, bi it would doubtless be interesting 1 others, if any thsre be, who areafäiett with "electric magnetism." Another man on whom I called, ar who had been recommended to me as most efficient pow-pow physician, w¡ more frank. This was Dr. Jac< Brown, another aged gentleman German extraction. When I broach the subject to him he said : 'The Bible tells us that Christ ca out evil spirits. If we believe tl Bible wc must believe that, and wi should not such spirits exist now J i well as then ?" I Dr. Brown appeared to me to 1 perfectly honest in all that he sai which is more than can be recorded some of the others. A well-know resident of Reading told me that 1 j knew of many cures which he had < ' fected. One of the diseases that tb citizen had seen treated the doct j «>led I WILDFIRE. It was an eruption of the skin, ap- parently similar to ringworm. It bad been treated by moving a fire shovel containing live coals about the patient's head, the operator at the same time repeating certain forms. The usual pow-wow treatment is to blow upon the affected parts, repeating forms of incantation intended to drive away the evil spirits. In- connection with this treatment simple herb remedies are frequently given, and a charm is hung about the invalid's neck or on the bed- post. Anybody who is familiar with the ways of the Pennsylvania Dutch knows that they set a high value upon their cattle. In fact, it frequently happens that the cattle are b Ater cared for than the members of the farmer's family. If anything goes wrong with the herd, if the milk sours or the but- ter will not come, it is set down to a case of "hexeri," and the services of a witch doctor are called in. The latter prescribes a charm to be nailed above the stable jdoor, .and, in fact, treats the cattle that bave been "hexed" just as he does bis human patient. In driv- ing through the country districts it is no unusual sight to observe these charms above the entrance io the cow stable. Although it is sometimes difficult to secure from the witch doctors them- selves an avowal of tneir treatment for the "furhexed," it is possible to obtain these particulars from patients for whom they have prescribed charms. Some pf these are half ashamed of their belief even while clinging to it, and while they acknowle "ge Jthat they have worn the charms prescribed for them; they do not wish their names to appear as believers in black art. Others are outspoken in their faitL in the pow- wow doctors. One of the cases which the neigh- bors quote as an undoubted instance of "hexeri" was that of Mr. and Mrs. Frederick G arl, who Uve in the north- eastern section of Reading. The hus- band is a laborer, and both he and his wife are intelligent and undoubtedly truthful persons. They have had 15 children, of ' whom all but the three most recently born are dead. The loss of so many children, all bf whom died soon after birth, convinced the parents and their friends that they were " hexed." They had not believed in witchery before that, but they deter- mined to consult A POW WOW DOCTOR. Mrs. Garl, in telling her experience, said :-"My babies were all healthy at first, but in a short time they became nothing but skin and bone. Their ap- petites were good to the last. Three lived only a week. Not one became more than four months old except those that are still living. Those that died had good appetites, clear eyes, and : apparently were not ill. Their flesh simply disappeared, and they passed away. We had good doctors. They prescribed no drugs. It was a puzzle to them. "When the eleventh died we de- spaired of ever raising one. Finally a friend said be believed our children were suffering under some spell. We did not believe in any witchcraft. We are Christian people. We were willing to try anything to keep our little ones. "We were told of two pow-pow. doc- tors, men, and sent for them one at a time. Both said that a certain woman was taking the lives of our babies by a spell, but they mentioned no name. "We agreed, when one of these witch doctors said he could heîp us, to let him go ahead. When our twelfth ciild was born and seemed to be falling j the witch doctor brought a piece of muslin and a needle with thread. He had what he said was the 'SEVENTH BOOK OF MOSES,' a pen and red ink. He looked at the sick child, blew over its shrunken arms i and limbs, waved his arms, said a I prayer, then copied from the book on a I slip of paper, using bis red ink : [ " 'Trotterhead, I forbid thee my house and premises. I forbid thee my house and cow stable. I forbid thee my bedstead, that thou mayst not breathe upon me. Breathe into some other bouse until thou hast ascended every hilL until thou hast counted every fence post, and until thou hast crossed every water, and thus dear day may come again into my house.' "He put this writing into a small muslin bag, which he made with his own hand, and hung it at the head of the cradle, and from that very moment the child , BEG AK TO IMPBOVE. Our little Mabel is now five years old. She is a bright and happy child. 1 After the pow-wow man had left the « r idle her cough went away, her food did her good, and she slept better. 'Oiir thirteenth child was taken sick in the same way, but the man who attended Mabel s case was gone, so we had to find another man who possessed the power. We had three, for our three children who still live. Strange to say, every one told ns we should not accept any gift from anybody, and of course we obeyed instructions to the letter. Our remaining children-did not die like the others, and yet they had the same affliction after a waek or month of excellent healtn." 