A GREAT Cerebral Strain. 'A GOOD FRIEND.' The Cats Of Mr. WILLIAM JOHN SOOTT. (Bt A SYDNEY EEPOSTEB. ) Mr William J. Scott, nf No. 18fc Corn wallis-strect, Redfern, intimated to a re porter, who saw him at the atiove address, tliat for years he had been a m»rt- r to in digestion and biliousness, and that he had been a prospector of chemists' shops, at con siderable loss to lnnibeli, m the futile search of an cITec ivo renie .}? fur his complaints. ' Bui I was given to understand that you are better now ? ' ' That is qu te true. But I mean to say that it «as not before I bad e periuiouted a g-joil deal that I came across tho right thing, and if 1 ha I known as much in those days as I do now I could have saved both my pain and my purse. My work is oondticteJ. in an atmosphere of dust and smoke and in time it commenced t» tell on my digestive organs. When the iudigestion first came on ir. did not prevent me eating fairly well, but tbe food would not remain long on my stomach. 1 have seen myself eat three h arlj meals a day, and then vomit them up again soon after. This continual vomiting weakeued my inside terribly, for the abominable grip ing puins that lodged in tho pit . i.f my Btiumoch af ler so much retching would fairly causu me to stoop down, with tho object of getting a little relief, and after remaining in * douMed-up posture for a while I v uld not like trying to straighten myself up again for fear of making the spism worse. Then the thoug it of food and its coaeequcnccs made me shudder. Ab a matter of fuct, it wan no uae swallowing anything, becaus' it would be up again in a few minutes. In the absence of something to sustain me, my strength s--on decreased, and I became piti fully thin. „ My physical sufferin^B caused a gre«t strain on my brain, and I would lie awake for hours and then fall into a rostlcss doze, through sheer exhaustion, whoa it was almost time to get up. I felt as tired before starting out in the murningsas i hough I had already done a day's toil, and I hadn't the heart to tackle it. My eyes became dull and sunken, aud the vomiting gave mo frightful headaches, which nwde my life a perfect misery. . Pains all over the body assailed me, but I think they were brought on by the laborious nature of my employ' ment, » hich had to be done in such a weak ened -state. My tongue was like a rasp, having got so dry and rough. There was a noet unwholesome yellow tinge in my skin, which combined with the oiaer alterations in my face, produced as unearthly general effect. The light of a lamp turned moder ately low was too irritating to be endured, and would bring water and a nervous flicker ing to the eyes. But my nerves were alto gether influenced by my sickness, for I would tremble at tho most harmless sound which might . unexpectedly occur. I re mained iu this condition of nervous excite meut for some time after it came on, and would bn absorbed in ruminating over the most depressing ideas of forthcoming troubles. Very often I could taste a bitter saliva running from my mouth, and my pilluw was frequently wet in the morning from the quantity thai would escape during the night. Peculiar noises, resembling tho rumbling of distantcarriagea, were constantly in my ears, and then a dry, hacking cough attacked me, and made my obaucesofhaving a sleep all the more remote. My breath became offensive, through the oonstipation of my bowels, I suppose. AH enthusiasm had died, out of me, for I could no longor do myself justice at my business. I waa getting thinner and weaker daily, and uo wonder, considering I coull not retain any thing on my stomach for such a long space of time. I loosed and felt as though my health had deserted me for ever, an-l you know that would be a serious matter for a mau who has a wife and family dependent upon him for Bupport. So far ae my own judgment was concerned there did not appear to be any medicine obtainable which could rid me of my complaints, for I had tried without number so-called ' certain cures for indigestion and biliousness,' and I was dUappoiuted w ith everyone of them. ' . ' How did you effect a recovery, thon ? ' ' By finding tbe right remedy I I bad . ' beard a lot about Clements Tonic being a good thing in many cases, 80 I determined not to give up the ghost till I had given it a fair opportunity of seeing what it could do with me. 1 sent for a couple uf buttle' to ? Btartwith, aud I unhesitatingly assert that the way in which I at once began to im prove again was amazing to all who had witnessed my suspicious symptomB, for I had faded (.way to a shadow, without the least vitality left. In Cl nieuts Tonic I had a good friend, and when half a bottle had been used I felt assured that my relief would be soon accomplished. My appetite was keener' after every dose, and there was no more pain or inconvenience when my meals were finished. When I awoke in the morn ings I would be in the same position as when 1 fell asleep, having slept so soundly. The wearying headaches were quickly cured, and eo was my troublesome cougb. In a couple of weeks I had quite forgo ten that sluggish, inert feeling w- ich had 'taken all the life ' out of me, aud when I had taken three bottles of Clements Tonic my health waa splendid—never better, in fact. To people like myBelf who cannot afford to experiment with doctors' and choinJBts' medicines, 1 think it is a blessing to kuow -what will 1» the best remedy to take at once in cue of sickness, and as Clements Tonic pulled m» through my illness in such « wo/iderful' manner, it gives mo great pleasure ia m»k» this statement, «nd you may puh/ish it » the interests of my fellow sufferer/ any w«y you Uke.' 