BEATRICE: OR, The Forsaken Daughter. CHAPTER XIX. (Continue:!.) Her sun-bonnet had fallen off upon her shoulders, revealing her handsomo face, with her eyes lifted to the veiled features of the lady, with a beautiful, half-timid expression which gavo thom a peculiar softness. The woman wont oloso to the window and flttflK O ft. frttl) 1 A iLn In J.I «n n «tn«n Inm ir w w u " ,» uxuo vu vuo muy 111 t» vcijf ivw voice, then, turning to the child, she said : ' Jus git into the carriage, little missy, just a minit, child, case do lady wants to kiss you, you is such a pretty little gal !' Amy hesitated a moment. It necmed singular, even to her artlcs3 mind, that the lady should want her to got into tho carriage— yet, rather pleased at tho compliment, she went round tho other side and sprang lightly in. Sybil followod (she has been already recognised by the reader), and ore Amy had time to think, the driver applied tho lash to his horses, they bounded forward, tho carriage rolled rapidly out of the lane into tho main rond, and then swiftly bowlod along over the turnpike. Surprise for a moment kept the child silent, then rising, and pouring nearly half of her chestnuts into tho lady's lap, she said : ' Pleaso lot me get but, now ; I want to got out.' ' Only jus sic still, little mint ; don't yon lub to ride in such a nice coaoh, little missy ?' 'Yes, I suppose it's very nice, only I had rather go back now. Bossio and tho children will bo waiting thore all this time; won't you please, ma'am, toll the man to stop hiB horses and let mo get out ?' This last appeal she addressed to the lady. 1 Not yet, soon,' was the answor,bnt tho voice trombled and sounded hollow. After waiting patiently for a. few moments, Amy again said ; ' May I gonow? Indeed I must got' and the tears stood in her pleading eyes. ' No, child — I anr going to take you home with me, so sit still,' answered tho lady. .. ' Do you live far ? Will it take long ? - For I want to go home,' Amy said, nl most sobbing. I Yes, I live many miles from here, and it will take a great whilo to get there. I am going to take you home to live with me, so don't tease any more, my head aches.' . Amy began to be frightened, her breath came thick as sho said ; ' Butr I don't want to go home with you, if yon please, ma'am, I want to get out now, I want to go to my ot\n homo !' No answer was made, and still tho carriage rolled rapidly on. Amy saw thosnn was sotting and she know from the rapidity with which they had come that sho must be two or Ihreo miles from home ; she began to get desporato as she thought of Bessie and tho children, and what her mother would say. ' Oh, do lot mo go this minute — vvon't yon take me back ? Pray open the door, won't you, pleaso ?' and seizing the knob, sbo began to jerk and twist it violently. ' .Mrs. Lorraine now throw up her veil, and, probably to intimidate the child, fixed her large, piercing eyes upon lior face, and said, sternly ; ' Let go tho door, do you hear, little girl — and sit still. It will do no good io cry, you are going with rae.' That tone of command roused Miss Amy's temper in a moment — I have said she was no lamb. That cold, Btorn eye had ho intimidating effect upon her, but throwing back her little head like a.young princess, her eye flashing, and the color mantling her templos, she said : I I toll you I will get out, and I won't go home with you? I don't like you, and now, if you don't let me get out, I'll scream, yes I'll scream just as hard as ever I can — -so there,' Old Sybil laughed another silent laugh. ' De lor, Misses Anne, if I shan't jump right off de handle. Jus hear dat ohild— hi, it some how makes die ole heart glad.' Amy behaved very fairly. She gave her enemies time to consider her terms, but finding they were not to bo complied with, Bhe prepared for- notion accordingly— planting both her little hands upon her lips as if to sustain her efforts, she opened her mouth to its full extent, and de liberately sent forth throo long, shrill screams. Old Sybil clapped her hands to her oars. ' Y-ah, y-ah, bless do Lord, what's all die ! Hi — I believe my ole head split.' Mrs. Lorraine seizing Amy by the shoulders shook her violently, ' Now stop, you bad girl — do you hear me— stop I' . ' Why do the hoathon rage and tho people imagine a vain thing ? 1 oriod Amy, with flash ing eyes, tho verse apparently shaken into her mind by this rough treatment— ' for I won't stop — thero— now I'll 6oroam again like anything— there!' and another, even more shrill, issued from her lips. ' "Tie a handkerchief .quickly over the child's mouth, Sybil— hero is 'my scarf, I will see, miss, ir you will not stop,' and, after a wild struggle in whioh Amy bore her part bravely, making her little hands nnd feet fly in every direction, she was finally obliged to surrender— her bands were bound, and a handkerchief tied tightly over her mouth, yet even then she gavo nil sorts of defiant rrpahivna wif.li liot linn /I nn<3 elnrm'i.n the child endeavored to atone for the robbery of her voice. Still the carriage rolled swiftly on. They had long since left the turnpike, and were now upon a narrow cross road, . Amy's belligerent powers finally exhausted themselves. Sho now thought of home, of her dear mother, of her sisters aud little Johnny, and of what they would say when she did not come hack all night. And then she began to wcop and moan pitoousiy. At length her little frame wns exhausted, and sobbing, and grievin", poor littlo Amy finally foil asleep. Thon Sybil removod the handkerchief from her mouth, untied her hands, and putting book tho moist curls from her brow, rested her head npon hor bosom. 1 Poor little child, how sho do sob and take on. 'Clare to goodness, Missos Anne, I feel mighty bad nbont her,' said Sybil, the tears standing in her honest oyes. Mrs. Lorraine made no answer, but continued looking upon the sleepihg child, as if studying every lineament of that: little troubled face, Sometimes her brow would contract, as if a sudden spasm racked her frame, then an expres sion of tenderness would steal over her features, and more than once the tears sprang tobereyes, although she hastily averted them, lest Sybil should delect her emotion. At length, turning to the old nurse, she Baid with affected careless ness : . ': ' :i ' Sybil, do yon— do you see any likeness ? ' She had apparently been expecting some ques tion of the kind, and now replied with great em phasis. 'Likeness! Why, you had better believe, Misses Anne, I nebber see Bicli a likeness, nebber. ' Why; I 'clare to de Lord de berry minit I see her coming 'long de road wid her little baskot— dere it is down in de corner, and all de nuts skeltering 'round de carriage, poor little gal. Dat bery minit I say to myself, " Dero, Sybil, what you ole heart say ? Don't it. say dat you'se Misses Beatrice's baby?" Likeness! Why, she do look 'zactly like yon, Mioses Anne, and more too I ' ' Like me, Sybil, did you say ?' "Oept do eyes, dems like Missy Beatrice— jus sick lubbing eyes, only dey is black, den.de hair, pretty, curling hair, jus like yours was when Missy Beatrice was a baby, and de 'plexion like Misses Anne's too— donlt know noting 'bout her nose, mebbe 'tis her father's.' - ' Hush, Sybil I' interrupted Mrs. Lorraine. 'Beg pardon, Misses Anne, but her nose ain't got noting to do wid de Lorraine noses, dat's a faot 1' answered Sybil. 1 Sho must have a verv bad temper, though ; I suppose she has always had her own way with those pooplej' said Mrs. Lorraine.' I Well, it was kind ob natreidat sho wanted to go back. I 'speot dey will feel drefful bad over dero.' ' Nonsense, Sybil I; They will probably be glad to get rid of her. . By the way, what did you do with the money ?' I I jus slipped it into de little boy's basket— mebbe dat will make dem feel-better, poor tings.' ' Well, I have undertaken a. great task, I see —I am almost sorry, and then such a little vixen, too l' contiuued Mrs. Lorraine. Sybil laughed. ' She's proper spunky, I 'speot, poor littlo gal. Sybil hopes eho won't break her heart!' and she passed her hand tenderly over the little head which rested upon her bosom. 1 Children's hearts are not so easily broken, Sybil ; this child is like all others— -fine dresses, and a nursery full of toys will soon console her.: In .a week 'she will cease to think of these people.' Mebbe Ahe will, and mebbe she won't 1' was Sybil's answer. \- CHAPTER XX. ' . Soon after dark they reached a small log tavern wbioh seemed to invite the weary travel ler to repose, ere entering the long, stretch of woods, upon the borders of whieh. this humble tenement hung out its sign, of welcome.';. Apparently, their arrival was expected, for, as the carriage drew up to the door, mine host was there to lot down the steps, remarking, at tho same time, that 1 supper was e'en a' most ready to put on the table.' Amy, poor child, still slept, and Mrs. Lorraine now wrapping a largo shawl closely around her, as if to conceal her humble garb from the oyes of the innkeepor, requested him to carry her into the house. Lifted carefully in his arms, tho little girl waa then borne into a small room ad joining the kitchen, and placed upon the bed, Mrs. Lorraine and Sybil following. As soon as they were alone, the latter took from her pooket a key, and, unlocking a travel ling-trunk, whioh stood at the foot of the bed, proceeded to take from it and arrange the various articles of a little girl's wardrobe— a pretty dress of dark silk, a little inorino shawl, snowy stock ings, and pretty little boots, and then drew forth from a small box a neat straw bonnet lined and trimmed with green. 'Dere, Misses Anne, won't she look like a piotor in dese pretty clothes ?' she 6aid, laying each piece upon a chair by the bed- side. 1 Let tho child sleep, Sybil,' answered' her mis tress, ' I have concluded to remain here until morning, if I can be made comfortable. Don't leave her for a moment, for if Bhe should awake sho will try in some way to escape. I will go and ascertain if we can be lodged. here.' Sybil stood over tho Bleeping child, and, as heavy sighs would now and then burst from hor little grieved heart, the tears rolled down the cheeks of the faithful old nnrse. - 'Poor little lamb t she- Said,- stroking her ourls. ..' Well, I dun'ho, 'pears as if I wished sho was back 'long of dem little children, dero she waB jus like a littlo bird singing in de woods, all do day long, and now she'e gwino to be Abut up in a cage, poor gal 1 well, I knows one ting; Sybil will lub her aud bo good to her — dat she will!' Mrs. Lorraine soon returned, and, telling Sybil that sbe would now remain with the child, bade hor go out and get some supper; nnd, nothing loth, tho old nurse obeyed. The door olosed, and MrB. Lorraine was alone with her grand child, that innocent child, of whom she had robbed her only daughter, from whose unconscious arms she had torn her, un- pitying, and left a helpless infant to the tender meroies of strangers, and who lay before hor tho viotirn of another great wrong j for had she not rudely snatched her from tho only hearts that loved her, from those whom sbe oonsidered as her parents, from her little playmates, and from the only home she had ever known — and for what ? Was it to atone for past noglect by giving her now those advantages of education and society which by right wore hers ? Was it to train her young mind to. lessons of truth and virtue ?, lor was it only that she might still have it in her power to injure her daughter through lier child —to put upon her the yoke of depehderioe, and make her the Blave of her ill-humour and caprice? Let us hope, in all womanly charity, that these last were not her motives. Alone with her grandohild ! Why was it thS little sleeping form before hor had power to awe that haughty woman ? Why did she tremble and bury her faoo in her jewelled hands as she sat there by tho bed-side ? 'Ah, conscience doth make cowards of ue all!' said one who well understood human naturo, and Mrs. Lorraine now shrank from its accusing voice. The scone, too, had its influence. The moon broke through the branches of the large tree3. which waved across the window and streamed full upon tho bed, and upon the white sanded floor in fantastic shadows, and, as tho wind swayed the leafless boughs to and fro, they tapped startlingly against the narrow panes. The grent forest made solemn music in the night wind, nnd the plaintive cry of the whip-poor-will -floating near, seemed fitting incantations to call up the shadows of the past, whioh now, like Banquo's ghosts, passed one by one, in terrible distinctness, before hor. ' Guess I'd better wake up litty Missy, and gib her some tea and a bit of bread,' eaid Sybil, entering unperoeivod. ' Way is you asleep, too, Misses Anne ? do jus look at dis ole oandlo all sputtering itself . down into de candle-stick don't gib no more light den nothing at all !' ' I am not asleep, Sybil,' answered Mrs. Lorraine, in suoh hollow tones as startled the old woman.' 1 Don you is sick at heart for sure !' Sybil stood for a moment as if undecided what to do, then going to hor mistress sho took her hand, and, pointing to little Amy, eaid : ' Oh, Misses Anne, if you'se troubled, only jus look at dat innocent child, Missy Beatrice's child ; forgib all my poor young missy do", 'cause Bhe was jue like do poor silly little fly in de spider's web ; forgib her and lub her little gal 1 Do Misses Anuo, and bless, de Lord dat ohild will bo jus' like de Balm of Gilead in you'se heart, I 'sped, if yon will only let ii&r; in.' TO BE CONTINUED. I Printed and Published by James Ryan, for the Lithqow Mbrouey Newspaper Company, (Limited), Main-street Lithgow, in the oolonv f New Sonth Walsij 