Fatal Conflagration, SYDNEY, Monday. A. 'WB-miERBOAUD building occupied by 13 per sons was dostroyed by fire at Ballarat on Sun day morning, and seven lives lost. The bodies presented a frightful spectacle, being charred beyond recognition. The list of those burnt to death aro :— Mrs. A-lgie, aged 2G ; Beruio Algie, aged two years : Doris Algie, aged 11 mouths ; Thomas Jenkins, aged 24: Stanley Jenkins, aged 9; Cordilia Jenkins, aged 11 ; and Linda Jenkins, aged 21. AU the other inmates had a narrow escape. Mrs, Algie could have esoaped but she sacri ficed her life in the effort to save her children. Over 250 Ballarat miners havo enrolled them eolvos as willing to go to South Africa to work on the Rand mine3 on a stipulated engagement of 12 months. Tho wages offered aro £1 per day. Why doesn't thoN.S.W. Minister for Offence, who is so fond of public spouting, get a 'ghost' to provide him with something reasonably at tractive to say 1 The platitudinous stodgery of Sir John Sao (that is to bo) is as pitiable as it is intolerable. When did 'Mr. John See ever say, in all his political and public life, anything that was not well worth forgottiDg nisido 2secs ? IJittt T.-- nr'NT' Mr. Eeid, M.L.A. : 'Tho Boilermakors'iUnion in England is an ideal trades' union.' Mr. Sleath : 'You gaol trados' unionists hero.' Mr. Roid I 'If wo gaol t;hem hero they get aomo - thiug else afterwards, aud causo any uraqunt of annoy anco.' A Macloay River parson had r.o less than 12 youngsters to baptiso in ono day recontly. The Muclotiy is progressing by leaps aud bounds. A. diamond merchant who was examined iu tho London Bankruptcy Court recently said that tho sioge of Kimberloy sent up tho pneo of diamonds somethiug like 50 per cent, to 60 per cent., causing complete stagnation in tho ti'ido. A novel vogotablo has been brought from tho Island of Java. It is called Mougri and grows to tho height of 20 inches, bearing pods fre quently 3 foot long, which aro solid, tender aud crisp. They may bo oaten raw like rndisho.s make excellent pickles, and are good salads. If boiled when young they avo b-\\\\\ to bo delicious and vory similar in flavor to asparagus. The IJilltop murder report originated as folr lows:— Mr. and Mrs. Smith had loft home leaving four children behind in charge of two young womon Shortly afterwards a swagmau was seen approaching :)ho house when tho elder children bocamo frightened and bolted off to Hilltop station, sevon miles distant, whoro they reported that a bl.iekfeilow called at (their house t^nd murdered tho two int'auts. Tho station master (hen commumcitod with tho Mifct'igong police Tho wholo thing originated from the ohildvon's leara. 