[?] I ' Stumps,*' as he was called In Dos ! cerland, wu a favourite with criminals *nd+«tbe police. He had a bright Joke and a kindly word for all alike ; no one had ever seen him cross, or known him do a mean thing. Children bung round him, listening to bis yarns ; the l.isses always stopped to banter with blm'; while muty a nipht round the dofs-house fire he n-.ie the life of the wrctched-looblng group, as in fltieiit, picturesque language lie told ghost tnles and fairy leconda of his native County Clare, mtklng tbe monchera forget their hunger, their suf ferings, their despair ; and wiicn he had money he wu* royally gonL:-ous— be treated ct-eryollc lie catiie arrosg. ' Bcdad, that fact alone belhrays inol kingly lineage' (Mike was descended from an Ancleut Irlwll sovereign), he once eald to nic, half-ruefully. Shore, I'm never so L.ippy as whin dlsplnslng uuuuues. inuetu, l uave ttnow-n lSe. la«t him but two doj'Si though he always slept lu a doss-hoiwc. and the only aolid food that passed his Hik during that space was onions and tripe for supper, and a couple of carrot* as a midday meal. ' My digestion, you see, Is peculiar,' he confided on one occasion to a magis trate, after receiving a sentence of fourteen days ; ' It seems to cotton to nothing but drink.' . .'Could you uot take the pIM^e. and would sot some one help you to ke^r It J' asked the functionary of Jus,lpo, ; who, I am sure, in his Tiedrt. saw th- fntillty of these repeat i-d conAiguuiculs to gaol. Mike ruflled Ills rough red hair, and a gleatu of amusement darted litro bis eye*. 'Alay It plalse your ludsliip.' be sjld, 'it's meself was a shining lolglit m the Salvation Army — ftir— fur iwc months, an' begorra 1 in that tolme If Oi -1-1 not merit a «lltcr medal fur tlmper ance.' 'And where la the tnelil f asked the magistrate. A^aln Utke'A cyn twlnkl«-1 and me corners of hi* wnutb worked. . ?' An' you'll brlalve me, your wurs'jfp, ivMn OI came out last tolme, from ti-r r'sl dence you woe so kind as t-- send me to for mo! health, I pawned I; for a dhrop of the cratnr', an* hegorn ! If 01 didn't folud (be medal wasn't silver at all, but Jlst a comrons tblt of tin ' - Mfke'e real discomfiture was too maeh for thoae present, and they langhed a* he meant them to laugh and iiobody enjoyed hi*' Joke more than be aid hiuiticlf. Bat laugh.'ug at og^ with a culprit does not help 'o mend bis ways, and MUm's case bad a aad side tc it.— l- ro.-n tbe *' Quiver.' for ApriL 