BUSH CONTINGENT MUDDLE. THE REAL BUSHY STILL HAS NO SHOW, BUT IS Thrown OUT FOR THE TOWNY. A Hurray Protest Vlmt Shows Up the Favoritism Which Has JMscre«lite«l tl»e Enlisting Authorities. The ATbury Daily News ? is dissatisfied with the ' Imperial Bushmen ' selection as the most enthusiastic pro-Boer could wish. As it views the matter altogether from a pro-British point of view, we give its criticisms in full. Their general as sertions we can most emphatically en dorse. When the recent rain came down and swamped the encampment, it was clearly visible that only about half the men chosen were bushies. Bays the Daily News : — J * * * 'Reference was made in the Daily News yesterday to the return of another batch of the rejected volunteers who Vent from this district with the object of join ing the Imperial- Australian Bushmen's Contingent in Sydney. The men (Messr^ Hicks, Robertson, McLean, and Beasley) are all smart, active, healthy specimens of the Australian bushmen class, and would do credit to any mounted corps m the world on appearances. What is more 4-v,™ oil naesfid the ridine. shooting, and UUOJ UA* ? ? ? w* — , 1 medical tests well, and yet they were not given a chance to join the corps which is now made up. The story they tell, with one voice, of their experiences in Sydney, and of the extraordinary treatment to which they were subjeoted indicates pretty conclusively that the selection of the men for this corps was conducted independent of the merits of the respective candidates, and that the most scandalous log-rolling has been the most conspicuous factor in the proceedings from beginning to end. * * * . ' The troubles of the Albury men seem v to have commenced as soon as they ar rived in Sydney. It may be known that when the authorities proposed to raise the regiment the head office telegraphed to the officers commanding the different ?country corps asking them to receive ap plications from candidates considered suitable for service in South Africa. All such candidates were supplied with blue tickets which were to secure their admis sion to the camp in Sydney pending ?examination. From Albury Major Wil headquarters duly supplied them with the necessary passport, in the form of a I blue ticket. When the men arrived in Sydney they proceeded to the camp, but were blocked at the gates. The officer in charge refused to admit them, and. when they produced their tickets and intimated, that they were there under authority from Major Wilkinson, the officer wanted to to know ' who Major Wilkinson was, any way ?' Now seeing that Major Wilkinson has been commanding officer of one of the most important country companies of the -colony for a number of years, and that he had been invited to send in candidates, the ignorance this query displayed was 'wholly inexcusable. ' But it seems to have been quite in keeping with the manner in which the whole proceedings -were conducted. In a previous article on ihis subject the opinion was expressed that the extraordinary selection of ' bush men ' made was due either to incapacity ?or favoritism. It is now clear that politi cal influence was at work and that in most cases the merits of the men were of only secondary importance. It would seem that the ' blue tickets' which were, given the first recognition were those issued by Major Carrington, Colonel Airey and Colonel Mackay. The unfair ness of this, seeing that all the candidates were led to believe that they would be given equal chances on their merits, is obvious. * * * ' The Albury men, Mr. Hicks and his associates inform us, would not have been admitted at the gates at all, only that while they were debating the ques tion with the gentleman on duty an Albury volunteer already ' in camp came along and gave assurance of their bona fides. When they were received in the camp (on a Friday) they were kept there three days before being examined, although many others who went in on the same date were examined without any delay whatever. Again, volunteers came into camp a week after the Albury men — and were passed. In these cases, however, it was noticed that the men were furnished witn tne ticKets ibsuou uy the three gentlemen mentioned. Some of the men from other parts of the country were treated in precisely the same way as the Albury volunteers. Many of those passed over, so that the selections of the officers might have preference, irrespective of their fitness, had come hundreds of miles , .(at the special invitation of the military authorities in Sydney), 'and had been put to -much expense and loss of time, although from the outset they hadn't the ghost of a chance of getting into the corps, a fact which must have been well known to the organizers of the regiment. Some of the men so treated were fine specimens of experienced Aus tralian bushmen and had come all the way from the Queensland borders, and even beyond there, to be tested, and their reward was the mortification of aanino- Tirvnfilfiss inr.RTmhleR selected to — r — ~ — . ? 1 ? their own exclusion. * * * 'As indicating the class and competency of the ' bushmen ' selected, while hun dreds of capable men were available, it has been mentioned that some of the chosen fell off their horses repeatedly, others failed again and again at the rifle shooting but were still given further chances, that i-any were passed in who were below the bfiwht standard fixed in the first place, ana that at least one of the chosen of this \uly wonderful ' rough riders' ' con tingehvdidn't even know where to begin to put lie girths on his contract saddle. All these gtatements, made on Saturday by Mr. Vtyte (of Bungowannah), have been confined by the men who returned yesterday, ^deed, according to Messrs. Hicks, McLet^ Robertson and Beasley, Mr. White rat^r under than over stated his case. Thevn personally witnessed the things record^ and much more of a liKe nature, as a^ost eclipsing the per formance of the ' bVjjj-Qgjj » who buckled his girth on to the\\.Uppei. ring of the saddle, they mention case of another man (one of the selects - rough riders') who fastened his stirru^eaj.jjers on to the girth ! It seems alm.^. ineredible that such men as these sho^ be taken into a bushmen's contingent s ila firm-' dreds of good men were availa™.^ eyen with favoritism rampant, but there no doubt of the truth of the statem.^ made and testified to by all those Wj. have returned, and whose treatment amounts to a gross public scandal. aouurai Uootiui Mac-Donald, one of the few officers of the British army raised from the ranks, was introduced to the Prince of Wales when he returned from Omdurman. ' I don't think we have ever met before,' said Tummy,, who reckons he never forgets a face. 'Oh, yes,' said Fighting Mac, ' I was corporal of the guard when your Highness landed at Bombay.' * * r- ? Though Guv'nment contractors May he loyal, every one, They've little failin's Tommy'd like . To point out — with a gun. ' . 'E 'as 'is fightin' outfit, An' it's 'eavy an' it's 'ot, An' he only 'as one pair of feet To carry all the lot. \ So be goes to war in bluchers' -Of a kind of special brand, That rots to nieces in the mud And cuts up in the sand. 'Ow, it's tramp along an' tramp along When Tommy goes to -war, 'E ain't no better soldier 'Cos 'is feet are cut and sore ; 'E's plucky an' endurin', An' 'e 'as an 'eart that feels, But it's 'ard to be an 'ero When you've blisters on your 'eels. * * . . * . . . ! ' Says Miss Flora Nieholls, of Auckland, N.Z., in the Auckland Herald : I have lately lived among the Boers for over two years when I had every opportunity of closely watching their innermost lives and habits. From first to last I saw nothing but what was . honorable, praiseworthy, and admirable in the extreme. I have met Boers who, through drought, having lost thousands of sheep and goats in one season, have lived on nothing but goat's .flesh, goat's milk, and pure water, not one ounce of bread passing their lips, because they could not see their way to be sure of paying for it. How many New Zealand farmers com mence and end the day with prayer and praise and ask God's blessing on every step they take through life's journey, as do these same Boers? How many of them are to be found regularly partaking of the sacrament beside their wives P Their reverence for that ceremony is so great that both sexes wear black when receiving it. I am acquainted with several wealthy Boers whose first object .is to secure a thorough and classical edupation for their sons and daughters. So much for the ' unprogressive Boer'; and as to their hating the English, I tell you emphatically they do nothing of the kind. Having suffered severely from fever while amongst them, I owe my life to the fjreat loving kindness and tender nursing I received from the Boer wives, who thought it nothing to drive fifty miles to take their turn nursing me.' 