In Front and Behind. [By Valentine Day.] THE WEEK'S PROGRAMME. The Tivoli— Robert Macaire. Her Majesty's— Pinafore. The Royal — Women and Wine. The Criterion- East Lynne. The Palace. — Victor. The Town Hall — Farewell Organ Recitals. Cyclorama — Jerusalem & Illusions. The Robert Macaire of Paul Martinetti and Co. is by far the finest piece of pantomimery that Australia has seen within the re collection of the writer. It is a burlesque, a comedy, a farce, a drama, and a tragedy all in ODe. Without a dull moment, gathering interest as it proceeds, it gradually sweeps up the spectators in ' its meshes and relentlessly drags them quivering and breathless on to its inexorable conclusion. Nothing done by the Martinettis here pre viously has the right to be men tioned in the same breath with this admirable and highly finished piece of work, in which Paul Mar tint tti is of courso the Jack Strop, while Alfred is Robert Macaire, Clara Martinetti plays Clementine Du mont; Eugenie Clare is the maid ; John Heard plays Charles ; Emile Josset is the gensdarme voupy; and Adolph Marcelli plays the headwaiter. Robert Macaire ought to have a very lengthy run. At its conclusion, 'he Martinettis will pro duce The Keyhole prior to leaving for Melbourne. By the way, Alfred Clint has painted a fine set for this production and the Mar tinettis are ably supported by the ballet and some members of the Rickards company. Irene Frank lio, who is a fine girl for her years — alleged to be only seventeen — is dispensing vocal taffy which is so much to the Tivoli taate that four songs are never enough. Irene has the shrewdness to recognise that it is always best to just atop short of giving your audience enough and so her songs have few verses. Little Miss Alma Gray is doiog excellent work especially in buck and wing dancing. She sings a pathetic ballad about a little girl who tried to raise money on her rag - doll. One line is worth quoting : — ' The pawnbroker's eyes were flow ing with tears' ! He must have had the grip pretty bad. Oliver Twist has not been played here for nigh twenty years and I am not familiar with any stage ver sion of it, except that produced by Toole — in which Roland Watts ? Phillips was once the Oliver— wherein the artful Dodger is, of course, given special prominence. I had no time to go and see the version furbished up by or lor McKee-Rankin but it sefcms to have attempted too much. Played I in eighteen scenes, it drags in ueok atd crop, so many characters which have so little concern with the action of the story that they come and go like so many phantoms of an ill-balanced mind. Altogether, Oliver Twist as played at Her Majesty's, we are told, was cal culated to arouse in Dickens feel ings even more acute than those which animated him when he lay down on the floor of his box at the Surrey after the first act and arose only when the curtain finally fell. The dailies agree only on one detail -the occasional excellence of Nance O Neal's acting and the excessive ghastliness of her death scene which was so needlessly realistic as to be revolting. The ? o Bill Sikes of McKee-Rankin was said to be over-deadly, and Fagin, who has undue prominence in this version, was rather lacking in humor as played by Thomas King ston whose version of the Jew fence also lacked coherence. But of the Artful Dodger played by J. B. Atholwood, the Herald, says it was amusingly played ; the Daily Tele graph asserts that Mr. Atholwood was mildly funny in the part ; and the Evening News , with eyes for no one else, says his acting stamped J.B.A. 'as the success of the play and as one of the finest character actors one would wish to see.' The News is, however, forgiven its boyish enthusiasm because of its statement that Oliver Twist was first played in Sydney in 1854 at Malcolm's Royal Australian Amphi theatre, York-street, with Miss Osborne as Oliver, Mrs Montague as Nancy, and Mr. Osborue as Bill Sikes. Later, Anna M'Quinn was the Oliver at Our Lyceum and in 1856, Marie Duret was the Nancy at the Victoria. I write this more for the purpose of keeping a record than for any other reason. Magda was possibly better play c d $ by the American Company on 'pj revival than previously, chiefly | because there were fewer Americans ijiy in it than formerly. Thomas j£; Kingston was at least as good as |i. Pastor Heffterdingt as was Clement iv Clay and Harry Plimmer was* better than a whole paddockful of $ Charles Caulfields. But Jo;ephine r Thynne was by no means as tender ; and clinging a Marie as was Inez Bensusan. To-night, Pinafore p;' goes up with Carrie Moore as g; Josephine. Alfred Dampier is still playing East Lynne, in honor apparently of the knighting of Sir William. When he plays some of those frivolous Shakespearean plays, such as Hamle: or Othello, I will go and have a look at him but East Lynne has always been bad for my liver. So far the plebis cite speaks thus: — Hamlet, 1219; Merchant of Venice, 1081; Winter's Tale, 651 ; Romeo and Juliet, 600; and Richard III., 304. Seeing the position of Hamlet on the list, one is at a loss to understand that occu pied Romeo and Juliet. The Broughs having left for fe Brisbane, Bland Holt fills the ach ing void at the Royal to-night with '$??? Women and Wine, a spectacular t melodrama written by Arthur Shir Ill. ' ley and Benjamin Landeck, for p-' which the ravishingly beautiful |H scenes, illustrative of Parisian life, are painted by John Brunton. Mr. !| Christie Simonsen pulls the strings ^ in front, | At the Palace, Victor, ventri loquist, juggler, and illusionist, contiues to hold the fort. The Haytons are back at the Bijou. Renee Lees has made a success ful appearance in London. Edith Crane and Tyrone Power have been playing at Coolgardie and Kalgoorlie. Up to date, What Happened To Jones has been played 52 times in Melbourne. Melt a never had any idea of marrying Herr Joachim. 'Why, he's 80 ?' But what were Joachim's ideas concerning the very variable Melba? Mrs. Langtry thinks that the failure of her American tour is due to her recitation of the A.M.B. Only a born idiot would imagine that such muck as the A.M.B. would go down anywhere on its merits. The actress who goes , among strangers to preach the immoral lesson of the A.M B. allied to its Whitechapel slang deserves to fail. ' Once they worshipped me as a deity in Amcrica and now they cut me' says Mrs. Langtry. The Americans don't like foolish people — that's all. Bert Bailey says that he is a New Zealander ; was never in the N.S.W. railway service; was never an amateur. What Happened to Jonei did happen in one evening, therefore one feminine change of dress is deemed quite sufficient. Critic asks for more changes. Feminine idea of a good play is ten acts and ten changes of feminine frippery. Miss Fyrie-Drfnch, an Adelaide amateur contralto, has joined the Royal Comic Opera as a subordi nate. Lady Kitty in The Critic says that Haddon Chambers is only 32. He was born in 1860 and is old at that. The Sisters Williams, bike- riders and singers, now showing at the Bijou, are daughters of Walne's trainer, Williams. Melba has been much photo graphed lately in company of Haddon Chambers. She marries him Melba says that she rejoices Armstrong got his divorce, altho' he keeps their fourteen-year-old boy — she couldn't live in Dakota. Melba hopes to be very happy with her Haddon. A Melbourne suburbanite marries a Sydney one. Richmond and Marrickville; prima donna and playwright. Earnest Foy is again studying the violin at Berlin — this time ' under Herr G. Hollaender and his progress is very highly spoken of. More marriage-Mrs. B^nar Boere has espoused A. O S Olivier, once an actor under the name of Seymour, foi a time a manager, and secretary to the Earl of Lons dale. Lalla Miranda has scored at Covent Garden iu Rigoletto. Mme. Emraa Eames,, Calve, Gadsby, and Melba are in the list of soprani for the season at the Garden. An -;ther variety company is on the northern road. It concludes — the Bis'ers Faust (3), Sid Doody, Hebe Barlow, Rockley Brothers, Joe Edmonds, and the Sister Phillips. J. S. Bain, the Young Austra lian Oomique, threatens, they say, to leave for London shortly. He has been threatening to do that for the past three years. American papers say that the only person apparently who does not know that Mrs. Langtry's Degenerates tells the story of her own life is Mrs. de Bathe. It is wonderful how the American provincial public who easily swal lowed Sapho— tried first on the dog at New Orleans— should have boggled over The Degenerates. I continually hear conflicting accounts concerning Flora Graup ner's health. The latest report is that she will never appear on the stage again. Melba doesn't seem to have mucn regard for Chambers' feel ings. She says that she has bought the London house in which they are going to be happy. ! It appears that Williamson took the Alexandra only because he failed to secure another Melbourne house in which to show Nance O'Neil in whom he has a real good thing. Bell's Promenade Concert and Vaudeville Company- the crowd who were showing a war panorama at the Opera House— are touring in the North. The frequently frustrated Payette — by J. Brunton Stephens and G. B. Allen — has been produced by the Goulburn Liedertafel and a few professionals at Goulburn Oddfellows' Hall. The other day s- me offside per formers were fined fcr singiDg spicy songs at the Golden Gate Athletic Club on a recent Sunday evening. It is done elsewhere. There are three organ chairs vacant in Sydney now — at the Town Hall, at St. Andrew's Cathedral, and at 8t. Patrick's. There ought to be a chance for the various locals of talent. Stanley Moses has been engaged as first solo violin for the Cologne orchestra which will play at the Paris Exhibition. He has been studying under Ysaye, the great Belg an violinist. Steffani writes from abroad to say that he returns to Sydney soon. Flor ence Schmidt has lost some chances of engagement through colds to which she is now subject. Steffani fears for her voice. Steffani says that European vocal methods have totally altered. The voice has lost its old melodious ness, owing chiefly to the influence of Wagner who made the voice sub sidiary to the instruments— a mere Chorus to explain exactly what was meant. Melba is shrewd enough to sing only in operas which display her florid voice. She rings the changes a Lucia di Lammermoor, and Traviatas and the like wherein her vocal display and beautiful tone tell to beat advantage Clement Scott has been accused of cribbing his Cape Mail from Leicester Buckingham's The Merry Widow. Sjotfc says that they both robbed a French author. Hats were not permitted in the stallfl of the Theatre Francais. Sara Bernhardt initiated there the anti-hat crusade about five years ago. She is again carrying it on Sara abolished cloak room tips and the charge for booking seats. At the restored Renaissance, during the run of L'Aiglon, she again opened up a campaign against the stall hat. Clement Scott has been denounc ing the actor-manager who, he says, kills rising talent, keeps it in the corner, and tones it down, from reasons of jealousy. Who is he hitting at ? Failures in London this year — Bonnie Dundee, Adelphi ; Don Juan's Last Wager, P. of. Wales ; Society's Verdict, Shaftesbury; A Man of Forty, St. James'; The Nurse, Globe: Willie's Mrs., The Strand. Playing Twelfth Night at the Lyceum, Mrs. Benson made Viola a shrew who kicks, cuffs, butts, bites and scratches Fabian when dragged on by him to fight the duel with Sir Andrew Aguecheek. Burlesque ! As a critic wisely remarks : What chance has good acting got when the public lacks the most elementary power of discrimination and positively encourages the bad taste which makes of Viola a hysterical termagant ? Sydney audi ences are quite as bad. A contributor to Quiz has a par about deceased Royal Opera Comics — Frederici (not Frederice) ; Albert Brenner; W. H. Woodfield; H. T. Harrison ; Tom Grundy ; O. H. Templeton ; and others. He for gets H. R. Harwood, Chas. Ryley, and Frank Boyle. Dan Barry has been playing a religious melodrama named The Carpenter at Bendigo which has been well advertised by a series of letters^ in the dailies which accuse it of irreverence. Dan asks the public to suspend judgment until they see it. Good ! Someone writing of the Theatre jbrancais and the plays there pro duced says that since Shakespeare's days, nothing with such eloquence and force has been seen as Victor Hugo s Hermine, RUy Bias, Marion Delorme, and Le Roi b Amuse, as then produced. By the way, has there been any good stage translation of these ? f Perennial members of Oomic Opera chorus are — Robert Fitz gerald ; Thomas Ambrose ; Charles Beetham ; A. Balfour ; Fred Eng land ; Fred Young (brother to Flo); Stannis Leslie; and P. Keiley. There are others of course 'but they are not of such long standing. Charles Thursby, the be-diamond swell who was Charles Oartwright's leading juvenile on his last visit and who played with such distinc tion in A Marriage of Oonvenience, has written a one-act play entitled A Broken Halo which just escaped damnation. * Sara Bernhardt takes long to * bring out her promised memoir. She made her first appearance In 1857, it is said, while a pupil at the convent of Grand Ohamps in a sacred play founded on the journey of Tobias. . Sara was said then to be 10, consequently she is now 53. Sacrilege! Chung Ling Loo, the Chinese juggler now showing at the London Alhambra, catches live fish at the * end of a Udg in mid-air, and pro duces from a shawl a miniature lake with ducks swimming on it. They reckon him the most interest ing foreign conjuror since the days of Buatier de Kolta. The Chapter of St. Andrew's Cathedral is endeavouring to fill the stool vacated at the organ by the death of Montague Younger, by offering in the London Musical Times £200 a year and 'excellent teaching possibilities'. The local organists have written a united ' protest to the Chapter against thair jjixf being ignored in the filling of the w position and agiinst the offering of misleading inducements to foreign organists to come to Sydney and join the already over-crowded ranks of teachers. Professor Pepper died in England the other day aged 79. An analytical chemist by profession, he was appointed in 1848 ana'ytical chemiftt and lecturer on chemistry ' to the Royal Polytechnic. Even tually he became honorary director to that insti'ution and there in six months realised for it £1200 by the exhibition of his famous ' Ghost.' This illusion was caused by the throwing of strong lights on under ground mirrors fixed at such an angle as to reflect upwards objects posing before them in the well. The unauthorised use of the inven tion was probably the cause of more law suits than any other cir cumstance of the century. Since f then the ghost has been adapted to stage uses on many occasions. Professor Pepper visited Australia some years a^o and for a time was public analyst to the city of Bris bane, While there he experi mented unsuccessfully on the pre cipitation of rain by an electric kite and the discharge of explosives among the clouds. Mj Charles Godfrey's last appear '$? ance was at the Empire, Notting ham on February 12 and he died V soon after, aged 48, at Brierly Hill ; in Staffordshire. The Pelican and Wal Pink say that he was born near South wark-Bridge Road, Lon don, and that his real name was Paul Lacey but Godfrey himself told his Australian friends that it was Walter Lacie. He often I # 1 | regretted his want of education which he said oost ' only 2d weekly j and not much at that ' but in spite of this disadvantage, he was as all the London papers admit ' the finest artist of the music-hall stage.' He began life as a stage-carpenter and for .a time was amateur champion light-weight boxer ; then was a waiter at the Surrey Theatre ; then a super at that theatre ; and later became general utility at the old Victoria at ' one one (21s) and often not that' to use his own words. His first appearance as a comic singer was made at the now defunct Kensington Music Hall where one of hit* earliest songs was Boots at the Queen's Hotel. With On Guard, he founded the dramatic military monologue and with The 8even Ages of Man and Across the Bridge he initiated the descriptive sketch school of music-hall songs. As Lance Lenton says of him, 'poor old Charlie was brimful of Cockney humor, kind to a fault, sadly extravagant and reckless, but a born geuiu3.' He had a wide range of repertoire. He roamed from the daintiness of ' Will You Be Mine Pretty Bird?', through the pathos of ' Their Heads Nestled Closer,' on to the riotous extrava gance of Hi-Tiddly-Hi-Ti, and the fine acting of The Seven Ages on to the dramatic intensity of On Guard. It is true as the Bulletin says that he treated Harry Rickards with the ingratitude of the dipsomaniac. When he was stuck in Tasmania with his company, Rickards sent him £50 to pull him through and offered him a six months' engage ment at £50 weekly. But he cams out to Rickards at £90 a week — his turn with trave ling exes cost over £100 a week — and he thought himself slighted and did noc speak so well of his old friend afterwards as gratitude demanded. They say that his son, young Charlie, died of his Wounds and fever in South Africa a common soldier on the very day that his father died in England. But I scarcely think that young Godfrey was old enough for that. Godfrey had a magnetic power which attracted men very strongly to him. I recollect once in Sydney that as he left the stage he was met by Harry Rickards who cried out in ecstasy : ' Oh, Charlie, Charlie, if I were a woman I would worship you, you old bounder !' 