SERMON BY THE KAISER BERLIN, August 2. (By the Berlin Correspondent of “Daily “Chronicle.”) On Sunday morning last, as the Imperial yacht Hohenzollern lay before Heligoland with the Kaiser and Kaiserin on board, a religious service was conducted by His Ma- j'jesty -whicn -made a deep impression on those ■ present. :'v "i-... ■ .The Kaiser took for his■ text-Exodus xv'ii;, 11—“And it cams to pass when Moses held •up his hand that Israel prevailed; and.' iwhen he let down Mb hand Amalek pre- Ivailed."- It ' was, the., seventh; sea sermon’ which the KaiEer; has preached. Its sub ject was'the sacred duty:and, sacred power, of intercession. . , . . ! . . / . '• His Majesty began—“ The grace of our. ’Lord Jesus Christ, the love :of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghost be with ub all. Amen." -He then read the text. xVMAIiEKITES IN ASIA. “It is a striking' picture,'’ began the Im perial’ preacher, " which our text paints. Israel is wandering through the wilderness from the Red Sea to Mount Sinai, but sud denly the heathen Amalekites meet them in the way, and will hinder their passage, and. it comes to battle. Joshua leads the young; men of Israel in the fight, swords clash, a hot, bloody struggle begins in!the valley of Hephidim. But while the battle rolls to and fro, those holy men of God, Moses, Aaron, and Hur, ascend, to the summit of the. bill. They raise their hands aloft to wards heaven. They are praying. • Below in the valley the battling, host,, above on the mountain the praying host—that is the Eacred battle picture of our text. Who does not to-day understand what it says to us? Once again has the heathen spirit of the Amalekites been raised in distant Asia. With great power, much cunning, with des truction and murder, it will dispute the way to European trade and European cul ture, will dispute the victorious march of Christian customs and Christian faith, and again is heard God’s command, ’Choose us out men, and go out, fight with Amalek.’ “The hot, sanguinary struggle has begun. Already a number of our brethren 1 are over there in, the fire, many more are travelling to the hostile coasts, and yon have seen tho thousands who to the call ‘ Volun teers to the front ! Who will guard the Empire?’ have assembled themselves to tat tle with victorious banners. But we who remain at home are bound by other sa cred duties. Eo you not hear God’s call which comes to you—‘Ascend to the moun tain, raise thy hands aloft towards 1 ea ven.’ ‘The prayer of the righteous man availeth much, if it is earnest.’ There in the distance, the embattled hosts ; here at home the hosts of praying' people. That is the sacred battle picture of our days THE SOLDIER'S NEED. “In this quiet morning hour we are re minded of the sacred duty of intercession, of the sacred power of intercession. It is certainly a moving moment when a ship with young soldiers on board lifts the an chor. Have you not seen the eyes of the soldiers shine? Have you not heard their thousand-voiced hurrah? But when' the home coasts have vanished, and have been exchanged for the glowing heat of the Red Sea or ocean storms, how easily do fresh ness and enthusiasm vanish! A proud mo ment when, after a prolonged voyage, tLe clear lines of the German forts are seen in the distance; when- the black, white, and reu flags of the German colony are visible, and brothers in arms stand on shore jubi lant to receive them! But then come weary marches under a burning sun, a bivouac at nights in rain. How easy joyonsness ar-d power are crippled. It is a longed-for mo ment when at last the battle drum beats for the attack, the trumpets sound for the fight, when the command is heard, 'Charge the enemy!’ But when amidst the thunder of cannon and the sputtering of shell com rades are falling right and left, and l the enemy’s batteries will not yield, how easily the bravest heart may qualce. In order that our brothers may continue happy out there in most bitter necessity; in order that they may be faithful to their most difficult du ties and uninjured in extreme danger, they require more than munitions and sharp weapons, more than youthful courage and burning enthusiasm—they require blessing from on high, and power for victory from above, otherwise they-can gain nothing. It is only prayer to which this heavenly world will open.. Prayer is the golden key to the treasury of our God. He who possesses this key has also the promise—To him who asks it- shall be given.’ . THE “MAILED FIST.’’ "Woe unto us if we remain slothful, slug gish, while they are engaged in their diffi cult bloody work, if from our place of secu rity we only curiously look on while they wrestle in battle. That would he Cain's at titude with its horrid ’Am I my brother's keeper?’ That would be hear.tlessness our brave brothers risking their lives. Not only shall we mobilise battalions of troops; we shall also set in motion an army of pray ing people, to beg and entreat for onr bre thren! that they may be the strong arm to punish the assassins—the mailed first to strike into the wild chaos. With sword in hand, may they strike for our most sacred possessions. It is thus we would accompany them with our, prayers on the stormy seas, on their marches, amidst the thunder of can non, in the quiet of hospitals. We would pray that God -the Lord . will make them strong and manly at their post, that-they fight like heroes undaunted, that they brave ly and quietly bear the pain of their wounds, that'He may give those who fall in the fire a blessed end and Teward of their fidelity -f-in short, that He may make heroes of our men, lead those heroes to victory, and then, with laurels on their helmets and an order on their brasts, that He may lead them home to the land of their fathers. THE POWER OF PRAYER. . "What does our text say? .‘While Moses held ,up his; lhand, Israel, prevailed.’ The earnest .prayers of ..a Moses blunted- the swords of. the enemy, they.struek l'ke a wedge' into the battle ranks of the enemy, made them waver, aild secured the victory foil .-Israel’s! fluttering banners. If, there fore, Moses’s! prayers wrought this result, shall our prayers fail? God has. never yet revoked a single syllable of His promises. Earnest prayer can still to-day cast the dragon banner in the dust and plant the banner of the Cross on the walls. Moses does not stand atone witli.liis intercession. Yonder on the heights of Sodom stands Abraham in terceding with his God.for Lot in the burning city. Shall our prayers not succeed in de livering our fighting comrades from the fire of battle? In Jerusalem the young Christian community is on its knees praying. Their leader, their .father, lies "in prison. Their prayers summon the Angel of God to the prison, and Peter is led forth unharmed. Shall not our prayers have the same power to-day ; to burst, open the doors for the op pressed, for the imprisoned; for the persecu ted,' and to summon the angels to their side? Yes; the God of old still lives,, still reigns, the Holy God who cannot permit the triumph of sin and wickedness! but leads His righteous cause against a wicked people—the Almighty God against whom the strongest walls are as spiders’ webs, who can scatter the hugest masses'.(like heaps of sand'-'the mercilul, faithful God who bears the weal and- .ivoe .of His people in His Father’s heart, who bears every sign,-and sympathises with every grief. Pious prayer,opens His Mather’s heart, and it is full of -love! True ’continuous prayer brings God down., from 1 heaven,- and: places Him in our midst; and'if.God be for us, who. can be against us? ; „ . THE COMING FIGHT. ' .' ; “High up m ancient towers hang strange hells; they are rung by no human hand, they hang still andf dumb when- the 1 sun shines, but when the stbrm /wind comes' they swing! and ,ring. 'out,. and their loud clanging is. heard far below, in the v!aUey in’every ,human heart;. God has hung the prayer, bell in sun-, shine;,and';happiness.■■■- How.; often -does,it hang;there mute? But when .storm winds of heces3ity breaks out itbegins'to.sound; Neces sity .teaches prayer, just as it does at - home. May- the earnest days which arempon us, the' war. clouds which'gather over -us,'set the prayer .bells "swinging. Let 'its pray, for our brothers' in battle; and that hot only in ceremonial -hours, -but. also’truly, Just as our, fathers every; evening.in .wartime rang, the belis, uncovering . their heads .and pray ing, -Abide 'with- us; 'Lord. Jesus Christ;' now it is’ 1 eventide,' so let ub every day remember . oiH. intercessory, -prayer. .Moses held up.-.his handß until the. Bim went down, and joshua disopmflted; Amalek'with , the-;.edge of his sword,’ -. Our.-fight,will, not -be' finished in one-, day, Arat. let, not onr hands grow weary dr , sink until ; victory is' secured. . Let our prayers be„ae a, wall of fire: round the ,camp, of • our- bretuTen. ■;And- howswill this -thonght • strengthen, enoourage,-.... and; s inspirit „ them, - millions!—. at-home bear, thfembon .praying: hearts. ;.The: King, of all: Kings summons volunteers .to the front; Who' will-offer jrayer.-for the, Empire?-’ If it’ only could-he here aB-it-onoe-was, “The King.call-- ed 'anff- all came—He is amah who can pray.'' History, will:;some - time describe the battles: ofthese; days, but man-only aees.what is be foreibis eyes;-he can- only<say what the wis dom, df',,leiderB,. the, the,, sharpifessf.of, ;v?eaapons; has done.. •(But,eler-l nity -will..reveal; more", :ete*nity.J>will.i show; that the-secret prayers of righteous men were; a: ‘great power!; in: these- struggles..will.reveal. fhe'-fulfilment of the;, old'promise .-.‘Call upop;- Me 1 -in.s‘ trouble;*;- '’andAH will ‘-deliver Hheed- Therefore pray- continuously.” l ''':''-'”' ’h- c’r' j.The”Kaiser ’ then;'offered, "-an l - 'impassioned, prayer;! concluding; with ; the "Lord’s ‘ Prayer apSithb bemediatfoiuVlq 7 h<U-r i,' 'V > - ‘,,t 