The Spawn of Fortune. (Concliiilt'il.) 1 no stranger liiul started to ins loot, his eyes groat ;nnl full of tiro, 'his hand? clinched above his head. Whirling ■ronml mid facing Arthur Rrarkenbridge lio dommidod : “ Why would you kill yourself ?’’ “I have lost, uiy foriuno. and—" “ What is that V You talk of cowards! I thought you valiain’r, you though! yonrsolf so ! I5ah ! why waste good powder and ball. You roar to live be cause, perchance, your circumstance. may not bo quite so pleasant. as for merly. .Sordid coward." “ It’s not altogether a matter of money,faltered the young man. The stranger kept bis eyes fixed upon trill. “ There's a warrant.-” " i fien-5:o’ri are a criminal V” “So, 1 am not.'' “Why tihe warrant?” i-'. " My partner .has landed us both In fraudulent; bankruptcy-” " Are you innocent V” “ Absolutely.” “ And you fear ?” “Well, there Is as much shame as fear-■” “ You are vain as well as a coward.” “To be the principal in a criminal trial is no pleasant experience ; at least, so I gatiier from the newspapers.” The .heavy man sat down again and gazed at Braekcnbridge coutempiu “ Young iman. wtliai a craven you would have me believe you. Y'our cowardice it? so great rhal you arc 'will ing to stamp yourself guilty by self murder rather than face your necusers and confound them. On my soul I tun surprised you ventured out alone to kill yourself. 1 should have thought you would have implored some one to come with von while you took the leap in 'the dark. Why were you given youth, strength, 'health, good strong anus and sound .'heart if they were not intended to overcome obstacles ? Think ! would it not. be greater far 'to step out before the world and say.’i lere mu I, nil'hones; man ; where are my accusers ?’ rather than to lie on the Hour of a railway car riage with a wreath of powder-smoke for a crown ?” " Yes. but. you see, my dear sir. to-day there has been a focussing of all that is unfortunate for me. Jlv whole fortune is gone ; the fact ghat. it. has been los! causes the police to ‘ want' me, and the fact that the police * want’ me has lor' me—well ” “ Out with it ! Host you what ?” Arthur Brarkenbridgo did not inlom to say .more, but rlie slranger's eon inmuliug gaze and Imperative questi" left him powerless to resist. At evei station he prayed that some one won I enter the compartment, hut the Unde ground Is a contrary line. No one d'. tnrbed them. “ What else have you lost':" demmidc the heavy man ?” " Well, to ' oof with it’ as you ask to wlvotu nm . -t> The tstrnnjrrM.* throw back bis 1 ion^ mid burst into a flood of laughin' wherein there was no ghost of u trace oi mirth. Rraekenbridge felt indignau at tilie sarcastic levity of his now found combatant, but said nothing. “Girl,” the heavy man shouted. " Fine girl, lindetxl, that will break her promise because you've lost a pound She gave you her word and now tell. vou to your face 'that she will not keep, it.” " She has not. I 'tell you she •slic-” “ But you have just 'this minute said khe told you to go about your busi “ 1 said nothing of the 'sort.” “ Tlten how know you that you have lost her ?" BraekeuUridge was silent. “ Refi. us be honest one to the other. 'Answer me : How knew you ?” “ Her guardian, her aunt, told me.” " My young friend, take the advice of one who has seen, experienced, learned. Have no dealings with a. woman through a. woman—never. Give mo that revolver you have du your breast pocket.” The revolver was weakly passed over. “Now we are coming to Karl's Court Station. Get out ; he a man ; walk up to 'the first: policeman you meet—or. bet ter still, hail a hansom, aud tell cabby to drive to the nearest police station. Say to the inspector, ‘ I hear there 'is a warrant out for mo. 1 have come to give myself up. if you want me.’ " “ By George ! I don't, like to do it, you know—1 swear I don't: but 1 sup pose your 'advice is good. I must say I do not. fancy passing through the 'ma chinery of justice—-'the stinking police cells and maybe the stinking Uld Bailey and the stinking Holloway as well. Don’t like the idea. I say." ‘‘Nonsense. T have little doubt that you'll find the plank bed in the cells more entertaining at least than a In* 6fcone slab of the morgue.” .. “Don’t, '.speak of it. sir—not another word. I hadn't thought, of that, 'pon my soul—I 'hadn’t. You make my th-sli j ■.■The stranger grinned for the first : time. Arthur IBraekenbr'idge reached | for his hat, and reluctantly left the 1 carriage. He stood for a moment, his I back to the compartment and his hand still on the door. Turning, lie said : i “ Yes, you're right. I'll do it : I'll ! give myself up and see what becomes of | me. My name is Rraekenbridge : you j will, without a iloubr, so- it appear j often cuough fin the newspaper.- during the next 'month or so. But, whatever | becomes of me. you. sir. have saved my i life. Whether you have done me a good | turn or an evil one lias yet to lie seen ; i but, to-night, at least. I am grateful. | very grateful. That slab keeps recur- 1 ring to my mind, you know, and —well, good-bye. my friend, and God bless you, sir, God bless you !" The two men clasped hands, gazing info one another's face earnestly and long. The train started with its usual wracking jerk. The heavy man sat huddled in the corner, his brows contracted, arms fold ed. and his eyes.fixed on his dancing foot. The train arrived tit and departed from West Kensington Station. He . slipped his hand into his breast pocket, and slowly drew forth the revolver. The mtizzile 'smelt blond : it looked blood. Without, one glance at the weapon, but handling it as a usurer handles a gold onnwnent. he multered : “Taken one life, saved one life. Surely the one should balance the other. But he says 'No. not one life, bur two you have taken—two ! two ! your vic tim’s aud your own.’ 1 believe he is as right in my case a* I was ia his, and Hip balance Is uyainst nip, nyainst me— hopelessly ayaiusL me ; ayainst me now ami for all elernit.v. He said l<> .me. * (!ofl 'Mtvcs yon, sir!' I think thai is ol yoo.l omen, lie is I'he last 1 shall men on niiis earth, anil he saiil ' G"d bless Willi his rhumb he drew hack the hammer of the weapon until it "clicked" " 1 ma.v as well end my fliyht by in stantaneously pifttiny myself out of reai'h of my pursuers : and it is better Unit. 1 do it with 'the yoitny man's words riny'itty 'in my ears, fie was llyiny to his death; 1 from mine, lie found life; I tint!-” A't Hammersmith Station the travel lers by the 'train gathered round the compartment, to stand tip-toe and peer into R while the guards were lifting liio corpse up from its sorrowful col lapse ; and next mommy's pa tiers con tained the news of the suicide of the (dray's Inn .murderer and the arrest of Arthur Umeketibridye.—“The JLud yatc." 