BULONG. By Tonka. --- Poor old Bulong- evidently belongs to the ugly duckling list of unfortunates — always in a perplexed state. The whole fault of her growth has been the fearful furring process she underwent during her IQTJ infancy. Thousands of feet cf sinking and driving have been done in the most unlikely and aggressively- apparent non-auriferous country. It was just as much waste of time as Searching a Jew's Pocket for a pork sausage. Then, again, in some mysterious manner the returns' of the gold won— which must aggregate many thousand ounces— have never received publicity. And even now the manager's reports of the most sturdy and permanent producer— the Queen Margaret — must be 'vised in Melbourne before receiving local publication. But, notwithstanding all these hindrances, Bulong will yet assert her possession of wealth, and so we may. rest content yet vigilant, and ex claim with the Indian coolie, "Hooch pawanee"— there's a good time coming. Probably some rain has fallen elsewhere, than at Bulong, but not mnch I think, for here the opinion is firmly held that we must have received all, or nearly all, the rain that could be manufactured this last month. Our dam, which cost over $17,000, has in it Gift, of water, which means about 1,000,000 gallons If no more rain comes, this will last about six months. Roads and Hospital. When the Bulong Roads Board depu tation waited on the visiting Ministers some two months ago for a grant, they were promptly given £500. And with this £500 the roads board felt full of energy and placid contentment. They at once commenced from Bulong the re pairing of the Kalgoorlie road, which was in a frightful state. Cynics as usual walked over the road and gave it as their opinion that after the first rain there wouldn't be any more road. Not so, at all, however, tor the road is bound with siliceous ironstone cement, which abounds here muchly in its native lair, and the more rain and the more traffic, why, the more solidity. Also a bike pad will he constructed simultaneously as far as the " Maggie," The hospital people are fairly spreading themselves in the erection of the new ward. The building alone will cost about £420, and measures on the floor 20ft. x 40ft., and overall, 40ft. x 60ft. It will contain ten beds, some of which will be built up to the latest surgical requirements. This ward is not only an erection for aiding the suffering) but also stands in evidence of how our people "buck-up" with the cash. The last Government grant of « 'ctober 1898 Was Already Mortgaged when it was received. At the same time the Government allowance was reduced by one-half. Notwithstanding this un pleasantness, the people "bucked up," with the result that when this new ward was mooted the hospital committee had about £500 in hand, all coming pretty well from local subscription. The worthy secretary suffers badly from the presence of a large Russian terrier that haunts the grounds. And he tells a fearful story, as showing the invulnerability of this canine, in a most affecting way. It seems that in a weird, uncanny manner a perfect stranger lured this Russian concern to the mouth of a shaft about 50ft. deep. Into this he hurled confiding " Bob," and then walked off towards the moon, whistling " Faithful Tray." Two other mysterious beings lurked behind a bush and watched the whole proceeding, and when the fiend had whistled himself out of sight they went to the grave and began to 111 it in. But the unconquerable "Bob" had not expired, and seemingly protested against these apparent landslips. So the two humane beings procured a rope, down which one descended, fixed on "Bob," and so that canine was brought to the surface. He calmly shook himself and at once proceeded to his ghost-like voca tion at the hospital. A Social Festivity. . On Tuesday night a smoke social was given by the Bulong" Rugby Football Club to the patrons and presidents, the mayor in the chair. The whole function was a continuous pleasure, the beer bearers being assiduous in their atten tions. Towards the very latter end of the evening one of the party, being in vited to top off his already complete load, looked beerily at his inyitor standing with a large jug of shypoo in his hand and said " Sai ! old blokie, yowsh (hie) a blanky j uggernaught." The singing was excellent, the recitations crisp, and the speeches and toasts without the faintest tinge or " the mutual admiration" weari ness that usually surrounds these town ship gatherings. But the cream of the whole entertainment was the Bulong Orchestral Society. This was organised by Messrs. Berliner and Pettigrew some two weeks ago and was really very charm ing. Mr. Henderson, manager of the Queen Margaret, in responding to the toast of mining, greatly deprecated the pessimistic view of Bulong as a. mining centre. He advised intending prospec tors not to Took to the Margaret line alone, for he felt sure that many lines of reef quite as good as the " Maggie" would eventually be found in Bnlong. Mining Matters. As to tne mining here, the Queen Mar garet is looking better now than ever she has, as far as development and per manency go. Some very rich specimens were brought up on Wedneskay from the 400ft. ; and when the pumps get into position there arc anticipated to be some revelations at the 600ft., where telluride has already been found. The Esmeralda, whose last crushing of 60 tons averaged 5ioz., is looking very well now, and the party have got about 20 tons out towards another crushing, besides some dollying stuff. As for alluvial, only that of " snak ing" is being tackled, which, of course, has been out of the question the last fortnight or so. The Bulongese have extraordinary spasmodic jerks of specula tion. Some three months ago one of them awakened to the fact that it behoved the townspeople to get up a prospecting party for a deep lead. The fervor that raged around this town for a week or two was very refreshing ; and the quantity of schemes that were brought forward so that the workers should work, and not loaf, were astonishing. At last a decision was arrived at — that the men were to sink a shaft wherever they liked, for a minimum price per foot ; and when they struck gold the claim was to be theirs. Well, the idea was good; and the definition was complete, but— — It Stopped Sight There. Whether the two men (whoever they were) expired immediately they heard their contract was to be completed, or whether the Deep Lead Prospecting Syn dicate were so exhausted with their men tal strain in arriyingat a decision of any kind that they couldn't go any further, remains shrouded in mystery. But the fact remains that the town is still Ian, guishing for deep lead prospecting. The council seems to have become smitten by that fine mind that scientists tell us is always floating in the air. Probably they got it badly at their last meeting (when ever it was), and sometime in the future a member of the Deep Lead Prospecting Syndicate may unearth them. Anyhow, they are probably doing just as good work, though they are silent j but small boys when unusually quiet are deep in mischief. No comparison imputed, but a good healthy local council row seems somehow to shake the other inhabitants, up, while it gives them a pleasant feeling of piety as well.' Dr. Hager's Headache Cure, a new remedy for sick, billious, and nervous headache, can only be procured at the Apothecaries establishment at Peyth. or at Hannan-street, Kalgoorlie (next W.A Bank), " 