Holiday Reading. The Last Cartridge. A SOUTH AFRICAN CHRISTMAS STORY. By HEADON HILL, 'Author of 'Clues from a Detective's Camera,' 'Guilty Gold' 'By a Hair's Breadth,' 'Beacon Fires,' 'Spectre Gold,' &c.; On the morning of tihe Christmas Etc of: 1899 Sergeaat Fred Melvflle, of Thornton'* Horse, clattered into #he' Gordon's toihe fitead and stood in the kitchen doorway, the picture of a colonial soldier who (had done bis little bit of fighting and wanted more. Uut for once in a way 'his handsome devil inav-eare face was clouded. . i bring rough news for you, good peo-' pie,' !he said abruptly. 'Our troop has got orders to clear out of the district and feili back on Sterkatroom. The general Sias decided, to advance on another line. The family, seated at the breakfasMable, received the information with iblank dis may, though for' varying reasons. Farmer jRobert Gordon, who had been wringing a livelihood' from his farm since he eettued in Sortihera Cape* Colony 20 years before, found himself face to face witlh. immediate ruin by tflie withdrawal of the galiant horse men who for six weeks had kept the rebels in check. As the' only loyalist in the centre of disaffection, he k&ew; well -what he had to expect at the hands of his Dutch neigh bors tihe moment they dared to rise openly, as they most assuredly would -when, the troopers 'were gone. Confiscation of his flocks and herds, the burning of his ihoU6e, insult for his women folk, and possibly death for himself entered into his prospect through tihis military exigency. Mrs. Gordon 'winced under 'tine, sergeant's Statement for the same reasons and for one other not known to her husband. She glanced, with a mother's glance, at her pretty daughter who was Mushing at her $-late— at anything tout the 'six feet of sterling manihood in the doorway. The farmer's wife dreaded ?what Piet Gassen might do when the soldiers had departed — Piet Gassen, the ringleader of all the rebels in the district, and her daughter's tihrice rejected admirer. They ?would foe at the mercy of chat cruel, lawless spirit, and ithat in those troublous times was enough to dnspdre a nameless fear. ' : As for Mary Gordon herself, those tell tale iblfusdies truly indicated the reasons for jher regret. very pleasant, even amid ?War's alarms, had been tfhe weeks of Fred Melville's encampment in the dell down by 4he spruit— weeks that might have been years, if they had been judged tiy tJhe close Comradeship that .had sprung up between tihe young people... .Though no words of Dove 1had y«t been, spoken fey the dashing rounsr sergeant. Mary Gordon's maiden (heart told her that they might be expected at any moment— 'toped for, as she shyly ?wQriepered to herself. 'That's a nice sort of greeting to . bring us for Christmas, Sergeant Melville,' eaid itlhe farmer. 'I don't bear malice, though, seeing as it da none of your doing. Sit down, lad, and have some breakfast.' 'Thanks, but- I'm sorry I can't, Mr. Gor don,' said Melville. We saddle up in halt an hour. I only looked in to say good-bye and to thank you for your kind Hess while we've been, camped here. Be flieve me. sir, I don't like this move, know ing what it must mean to you.' 'It means ruin, I guess, at the best, and ta. bullet into me while the homestead bums at the worst-^unleas I clear out and go south,' replied Gordon. 'But I shan't -«fo ?tfcat,' he added quackjy. 'I nave no etcm&dh; for playing tne destitute refugee.' Fred Melvflle '(made a wry Tiaoe, banting that he would not have cased vo Say tiiat part himself. ''Well, there'll be Woiible wuien we're gone; you migjht send Mrs. and Miss Gordon away,' tie sug gested.' 'I shouldn't dream of leaving my hus band,' said Mrs. Gordon. 'And1 I shouldn't dream of leaving my father and motJher,' said Mary. 'You hear thatf' laughed the fawner, 'It wouldn't be any good my opposing them when they talk Mk« that. We must hold the fort together dhe best way we can.' 'Then I must wish you luck and get back to tihe troop,' replied Fied, -andi advancing into the room he shook hands with the itihree in turn and wi'tihdrew. To Mary Gordon it seemed that the %ht of her lif« had suddenly gone out in this unlooked-for parting which, had taken the place of the . stroll on 'tihe moonlit veldt planned for. that evening. Mrs. Gordbn rose some what hurriedly and left the kitchen. Her husband and daughter thought £hat she was eager as 'usual to go about her daily occupations, but instead she rah after Ser geant Melville and caught him up as he was crossing the ordhard. 'Young man,' she said, laying her hand on his arm, 'if. I -can read love signs aright, there's something between you and our girl.' ' The sergeaat scanned the anxious, elderly face narrowly, and saw ithere no traces of opposition; on the contrary, Mrs. Gordon's faded ej'es had a beseeching expression that was altogether friendly. He had been feel-, ing downcast at having to part with' Mary like that, in the presence' of her parents and withou'fc so much as a tender word, butt he brightened up and answered frankly — 'Nothing has been said on either side.* I didn't think it -{air, with the risks in front of me in thife war. But I think, and God knows I (hope/that it is as you hint, Mra. Gordon/' ??: ~ .: ?' ?? 'You can make 'your mind easy -bhen,v if 'there's anything ;in a mother's watchful-' ness,' replied the%rmer'B wife. '-?But' I didn'.t come puffing Said blowing after- you to give sweethearting lessons, nor yet to set traps to catch a son-in-law. It's enough for me that you care lor *the maid. Do you know- Piet Gassen?* : . ,-..-? V i 'I know 'him for -the biggefft cor, coward, blackguard, and bully between Cape Town and the Free State,' eaid Fred Melville? with a snap of his square-cut jaw. 'He nas oeen posing as tbat doubtful bird, a* loyal Dutchman, since we have been scour ing the countryside, but we are well aware that he is a spy, hand and glove with the enemy. Next to leaving Mary, my greatest sorrow is that we 'have got to quit Tritia out hanging Mr. Piefc Gassen. But you don't mean — r?' '-? . t 'I do,' Mrs. Gordon interrupted. 'He Ibas had his eye on her for two years soft sawder alt first, and lately, when she wouldn 4 look a't him, and her father kick ed him oS the farm, nasty sneering glances. as much' as to say, *My time wfll 'come. I'll wager my best turkey, he'll think his time has come when you lads in khaki have shown us your backs.' Fred looked is blaclc «8 4bhuhdef,:'and then astonished Mrs. Gordon by suddenly ?aving-^JTour heM ,*urkey| £sh 1 - itJfou'd really wager that on Gassen making trou bTeT'TEairren^i^*^aat^u*'wefe W have delivered a dozen turkeys to-night for the troop's Christmas dinner to-morrow. Of coarse, they won't be wanted now. Well, I must be going, Mrs. Gordon. I am only a sergeant, you know, or you may be euro I shouldn% have leiit you in the lurch. Ifs 4he general's orders for us to rejoin him, and Idonit think 1)hat even our captain has any discretion in the matter. Certainly I haven't.' ?.-.??'? -. He turned on his heel and strode away towards the camp, where 'the trumpeter was sounding the 'assembly/' Mrs. Gor don, who had begun to eye him angrily for iris thoughte of a Ohiisbmas dinner at such a time, stood looking after'him for ?fully a minute, her brows puckered in a puzzled f rowm. Then she turned and went Blowly back to the house. 'What did thalt sly wink mean as .he walked off, after that silly prattle about the turkeys?' murmured the good woman to herself. 'Blest if I don't think he's got something up. ins sleeve that is to heap us. Anyway, he fa a proper sort of man. and he knows my 'trouble, and — yes, I will; pin my faith to him for all I m worth. Turkeys! Christmas turkeys. m What in heaven's name can be moving in the boy's brain?' When she reached the house she found that Gordon had gone to the cattle kraal, and (that Mary had disappeared to catch a distant glimpse of the departure of Thornton's Horse from ftheir camp by the eprtfit. It was not till Mrs. Gordon had put in a couple of hours honest housework that she had the chance of a word with her imabend. He came into *he parlor where she was dusting the ornaments, gloomy and full of forebodings. ''Those rascally Dulbch ain't going to let the grass grow under their feet.' he said, flinging himself into a chair. 'The soldiers haven' beem gone on. hour, yet our rebel neighbors are all astdr already. Wolver mans and Steenkemp, who haven't dared show their noses outdoors for the last month, went up along towards Gassen's farm a whale back. They mean giving us a warm Christmas, I reckon.' 'You won't take it Jying down, if I know you right, Robert,' replied Mrs. Gordon, who had decided to raise no. hopes that might be false by relating what had passed between her and Fred Melville. 'No, if tihey show up rough I shall try and stand 'em off as long as possible,' said the farmer. 'I could account for a good few of the cowardly brutes, and perhaps keep 'em at bay altogether if I wasn't ehont of ammunition. The box that I ex pected from East London must have' got Stolen on the road, and I have only got thirteen cartridges in the house.' Mrs. Gordbn, who was notJhing if not superstitious, .gave a gasp 'of 'dismay. €o agitated1 was'ishe that she did' not see a dark dhadow -tihat fell through He open; window on the wall of the room, hovered fo'r an instant and passed on. 'Thirteen1 cartridges I' she almost screamed. 'There's no luck with such a number. Better two or none at all- We shall come to grief over tibis, IWbert.' Gordon lanajhed grimk\ 'It doesn't follow that the. bad luck will be ours; it map be on &ie; other side. Anyway I shan't knock under till I have used every one of ithem on the Dutehies if they molest me,' was his reply. Again ftus dark shadow fell upon tine wall and this time stayed' there, causing liusbamd and wife to look hurriedly for its cause. There, framed in dhe window, gninnedi at them the swarthy, ?inis'ter face of Piet Gassen, rebel farmer ajnd spy. 'Morning, neighbor Gordon. Feeling lonesome with the soldiers gone?' he -be- gan in a tone that was. in Itself an insult. 'I have come in a friendly way to give you just ooe leetie warning.'' 'I don't want any warnings from; you, Piet Gassen, and the sooner you clear off my ground the better for tihe Queen's peace,' said Gordon with a significant glance at his rifle in the corner. But Gassen made no movement to depart. 'The Queen's peace,' he sneered. 'That ia 'the very thing that made me pay you this friendly call. Now that the troopers have all run away the Queen's peace in tthis district, if so you please to call it, depends upon me, and in one way upon you, Mr. GoTdon. If you and me come to «gf eement the Queen's peace will be of the kind most exemplary. If not^well, niuoh. good may -flie Queen and her peaca do to you.' 'I understand yout threat,' said Gordon, folding his arms and looking i!he scoundrel in the face. Piet Gassen had a large and fleshy nose, and alongside this organ he laid a very dirty forefinger in a manner intended to be humorous. ' 'It is no threat that I make.' the replied; 'it is warning— warning that -the poor simple Dutch people of these parts love me so much that if they see me bad-treated' toy Inglieman they will burn the house of that Inglieman and take has 'flocks and !his crops. May happen, too, {himself and his family get hurt. ? . 'I haven't ill-trea'tea you yet, my friend, but I jolly soon shall if you don't clear out of this in a brace of shakes,' cried Gordon in a race. 'It is ibad-treatment if you do not give me '.your daughter, the pretty Maree — at least bo we shall consider,' Gassen was be ginning, but he 'had already gone too far, and Gordon sprang for his rifle. The Dutchman fled, not, however, without fling ing over his shoulder the menace — Then 'I vhall come back and take her.' Gordon rushed to the window and would have shot 'him there and then if he had not vanished round the corner of the house. The angry farmer was preparing to follow by the door when a diversion was caused by tfhe entrance of Mary, and his chief anxiety for the moment being thus set at rest he laid his rifle on the table. 'Shall we tell her, mother?' he eaid, wip ing his dark brow. Yes, she is woman-grown and must know,'/ said Mrs. Gordon, who throughout Gassen'-8 visitation had remained singularly Suiet. And in a few words she informed er daughter of the Dutchman's call and. of the cause of it, naming as gently as she could the terms on which he had practi cally offered to spare the farm from rapine, end the threat he had made when its terms had been refused. The girl, fresh from watching the lance-pennons of her unde clared lover's troop flutter away to the horizon of 'the veldt, paled a little. But she was stanch enough. ? -?- . 'Well, we're not afraid of any low- down Dutchman— with father so handy with his gun,' she said, trying t* make a brave show, but sighing for the clink of Fred's spurs. 'When will they come, Bobert?' asked Mrs. Gordon thoughtfully, when Mary had gone to her room. 'Not before nightfall— the curs,' her hus band replied. 'They know I can shoot a bit, and they won't allow me too much day light. 'I wonder if Gassen heard me say I was short of ammunition. If he did it will make a lot of difference to their behaviour. They'd be holder still if they knew I had oidy_ frttfelve cartridges at their disposal;'' 'Twelvel' exclaimed Mrs. Gordon, quick ly. .^'WhaVtttd you mention .thirteen for, ~*1 1ffive''got'^3H3Seeni 'but' ~Anna, you must buck up, old girl, and agree with me 'twiM Ibe beBt-rtihe last one is for Mary. It will be kinder to shoot (her nice and clean, rather than leave 'her at that devil's mercy when tihey break in.' Mrs. Gordon looked at her husband's stern, set face, and knew that noiMng would move Mm. from 'Ms resolution, so she merely nodded and held her peace. In the contingency which 'he dreaded she was not sure' that he would not be right, -but that the contingency would arise -.she was not by any means persuaded. Two straws she had to clutch at, one being (Sergeant -Fred MelyMe's -confident wink, and tihe otiher a remedy for dU luck which she would apply if necessary, but which so far she kept to herself, *;: :-. ^ The farmer lost bo time in preparing for the expected «ege by boarding up the windows and strengthening the outer doors, bis wife and daughter taking it by turns to keep a Sook-out from the flat roof. Having made all as secure as he could, he paid a SyLnfT visit too the ca/Utte' kraal and 'told (bis Kaffirs tlhat the Dutchmen were coming, but that he meant to shoot them if tfhey attempted to steal his stock. He advised bhe 'boys' to keep out of the way during the attack, since they couid not render Mm any assistance; on tihe other 'hand, if he saw tfliem helping the enemy he promised to repay -tflieir treachery with a bullet. Thence onward, in the suspense of wait ing, *h.e -hours dragged wearily. Robert Gordon spent most of his time on the roof, watching for signs of trouble. He saw many that added to his load of care, itfhoueh none as yet iflrat called for action. The waggon track to Gassen's farm ran parallel witlb. the house at the distance of half a mile and along it at frequent intervals Gordon saw many horsemen riding, -some alone, but more often in twos and threes. That they were *he wolves gathering for ?uheir raid he had no doubt, and !he cursed ?tine war and its consequences — especially tie thief that had lifted his box of cart ridges. In the' house below mother and daugh ter busied -themselves with trifles, bravely striving to cheer each other witlh jests at Dutch cowardice and at tihe holes that 'fa*her' would droll in them if they dared an attack. But their laughter rang hollow, with the grim spectre of overwhelming numjbers ?tmreatening them, and Mrs. Gor don 'had the added fear of the unlucky num ber lihirteen upon her superstitious mind. For all their spurious calm Mrs. Gordon spoilt the Christmas pudding in *he boil ing, while Mary was fain to confess that the hat she was trimming must be added to her list of failures. ; . So the long day passed without an alarm, but when the sun had sunk behind the distant Stormberg tihe women heard their one defender drop fthrougli '.the trapdoor from 'the awof , boltling it after him. By that same token €hey knew that what tfoey dreaded was about to ?happen, and so ft proved. The .farmer-came into'the sitting room and announced fcha* Wo score men were nding faste towards -fche house from the north-ea^t— tihe direction of Gassen's farm. '1 11 fight them from here because of the two windows,' he said.' 'Th© side one commands fche cattle kraal, and the other gives me a sweep of the front of the house. One of you will have to dtand in the kit chen alt tibeiaack and let me -know what goes on that side.' 'I'll watch the back; Mary can stay with you,' replied .the elder woman, wtaJtch ing tier husband narrowly «s he took a handful of cartridges from the bureau, counted them, and strewed them on the table. There were twelve of 4hem, for one was in his loaded rifle. TKe window being blocked up there was a lamp burning, but Mrs. Gordon suggested tHat % should tbe extinguished, lest, 't^e ligh(t jshould show the loophole to the enemy. [Her husband, who had already stationed himself at the window, assented, and she performed the action (herself. A« she was leaving the* roonPshe turned back to say— 'It would save you fumbling for those -cartridges in -tlie dark if Mary was to hand them to you, father, eh?' 'A good notion.' replied Gordon. 'Mary, my dear, stand by to do as your mother says, birt keep out of a line from the win dow. This barricade isn't sholt-proof.' ' Casting one lingering glance at ner daugh ter's graceful figure, dimly visible in the twilight that filtered through the loophole, the mother turned away to go and act as sen'try in (the kitchen. There also tbe win dow was blocked with an improvised bar rier of wood and pillowcases stuffed with earth, but, hastily removing some of the latter, she opened the window and threw something out. Then, witfe a sigh of re lief, she replaced the defences and set her eye to lthe loophole. Ou!t at the back no foes were yet to he seen, and she listened — listened till the drums of her ears were mVh bursting — for sounds from the sitting room. ?, The tension was broken at last by the re sounding crack of her husband's rifle. 'Ah ! then, they're after the cattle first,' she mut tered. 'Robert said he shouldn't fire till they had committed an unlawful — are you all right in there?' she shouted, breathless ly, as half a dozen distant shots were fol-' lowed by the crash of glass in the parlor. 'All serene, I've downed one of them. They are by the kraal,' came her husband.' s answering .-voice., 'One bullet ''has gone home on to the mirror though.'. Crack! and then ..again ^crack, crack, crack, crack, went Gordon's rifle in quick succession. ' 'There's six cartridges gone, and thank God he isn't asking Mary how many are left,' Mrs. Gordon murmured. 'If only he'll do the counting himself to the end.' At the time a hail of bullets was striking the front and- side jaf the house, but so far no more' penetrated to the interior. Gor don got in three more shots and Chen his wife called to him — 'There's a dozen of them coming towards the back.' The farmer ran into the kitchen, took a careful sight of the advancing Dutchmen, fired, and brought his man down. The rest retreated. Gordon stopped a momant before return ing »to the main point of attack. ' 'We're done, old wife, I fear/' he said, smoothing her iron-grey hair. 'When I have fired two more shots you'd better come into the front room and take a last look at our poor girl. God send me nenre to do at, but it's tho only way to save her from outrage.' : He did not wait for a reply, but left his wife looking after him with a wistful exf pression, in which the trace of la wan smile] lurked. 'Aye, Rob, I'll come,' she said' softly under her breath, 'but the dear GodC send that the faith in me was not displace ed. Only two more shots, and not a sign of help. They'll rush us as soon as they find thai the ammunition is out', and then — and then, perhaps, I shall wish I had let things be. My gentle MaTyl' ; .-] Crack! went the rifle in the sitting] room, followed, as usual, by the' spatter of bullets on the walls as the Dutchmen fifed at the flash. A pause rcuHihen once more Gordon's rifle rang put in a final shot at t9ie despbilerfl of his home. Mjo. Gordon went to -the sitting- room. Amid the 'powder-reek ehe could, just make' oub (her husband taming to Mar)', who etood by t«he table. 'Give^ne the last cart ridge,' he -was eaying 4& a voice that tremfbled for t!he first time 'that night. 'The last cartridge,, father!' ftihe girl exclaimeid. ''Why, you (have fired it. J handed it to you before itihat shot.' 'But I !have counted, and I have only fired' twelve,' said Gordon. 'One must have diropped on 4he floor.- Hunt, both of you. 1 must findi it before t!hey dis cover that I have run ouf.' Andhe went on his knees, groping, Mary joining him. But Mrs. Gordon remained standing by the door. So passed two dreadful minutes, during which the voices' of the rebels sounded neaTer arid nearer. U(ae lull in the firing from the house 'had made *hem bold. 'K must have rolled under the bureau,' panted Gordon in frantic haete to save his daughter by the only means open, to him — bhe missing; cartridge. 'Anna, don't stand there idle. light a match and hold it under .tihe' 'bureau. They will be here di rectly.' But Mrs. Gordon made no movement and no reply. She was listening with bated breath toa^dun rhythmical sound that mingled 'witfoi the shouts of the advancing Du&aiinea;— far away at first, but iiiereasimg with every precious moment dnjto the chun der of iron-shod hoofs. And then the tri umphant f&ovrt;® of the assailants changed into a scream of tenor, and Robert Gordon and Mary 'heard £he sounds too. It came on inexorably: two scattered shots were fired, and the Dutch scream took shape in words — 1 'The rooineks witfli 'tJhe knife-poles are upon us. Fly, brothers, fly.' Mrs. Gordon rushed to 'me loophole and peered across the moonlit veldt. . 'The troopers have come back; they are amongst ,i|em with their lances,' she cried, and broke into hysterical laughter. The troopers came crowding round the house with their prisoners, while farther afield a dozen black heaps, limp and mo tionless, lay on the veldt, staring from glassy eyes at the great full moon. Gordon unbarred to liis rescuers and Sergeant Fred Melville walked in. 'The captain sent us back for the tur keys,' he said, winking atjtfhe pale ghost of a farmer's -wife. ''We had gone thirty miles before 'he discovered we'd come away without !our Christmas dinner; and the boys were; grumbling a bit. Careless of me not to have reminded him sooner— but, think Grpfc I'm an absentaBinded beggar, as it turns out.' ' _, -6Have you got Ga^enr' asked Gordon amxiously. . 'Yes, he's ouitside, roped up, and ready for his little journey to ^bctjiangjnan,!' was the reply. 'Our cominianding officer is a glulition for turkeye, butJ&e;'e a. bigger glut ton iforrlbele, and Mr.Tgliot can say his prayers.?'1 ; .'?'''??, . i go wjt$ much lauoh'ter apd wme tears they : went to fetch the soldiers', hard earned iQhxistmas dinrier^rom .frheir, roosts, and during the proceedings Fired, contrived to say -flie 'word which -was -to make him and 'his tMairy (the happiest' couple r ia -the colony when brighter ..days daw/nea. -, 'But wha't licks nie 'is' where thalt last oartrid«Hgot to,' eaid Robert Gordon, when Sie' troopers had ridden oC with their prisoners and their sdinnarB= for. the morrow.j 'And he fell. to eearchiqg under bhe bureau tonce more. v;. 'There's Be call for you to do -tbat, said Mrs. iGordon sharply. '1 .tihrew the thin« ou't of ^e window. I wasn't going to have arMijirilucky ? tfeirfwens about Wie house at eucli times, anfl'-it appears I was tight:' if ^ -^ -, i-.i. 