WOMAN'S PERILS. (Alt RkiMT* RK»Kavr.D.! GANNOT credit I liif terrible I truth ! it rooms I like a wild I d renin.' Willi I clHt-|»C'I hands I and lenr-diuimcd eyes. * young J pirl ejaculated these words, as she stood -(sating with a sad and sorrowful look at a flickering Are, the wavering dimes of which threw out strange weird shadows upon the walls of a large and handsomely furnished room. It was a richly-appointed apartment ; flowers not only dccoiuU-d t he vases, but hung in gay festoons around the walls. Hare and beautiful exotica they wore mostly 'greenhouse blossoms relieved by the dark evergreens with which they were entwined, for it is a night in January, « wild night of frost and snow, and the -flowers of summer have loug eince faded and gone. Very fair and beautiful was that ono girl, standing there like a spirit oft be night by the glowing embers of the firo . light. A robe of white gauze, falling in transparent folds over a rich under- dress of fat ink gave a gossamer grace to her figure whicli airy drapery alone can impart. A wreath of white roses was bound around her btow, confining the golden tresBes which .fell, unsliorn and untutored, even to her waist. What a contrast her gala dress , and mournful attitude presented. That j floral . garland —and those sad, dark,! beavenly blue eyes all swimming in teats. Wistfully the youug creature looked at a rich otmolu clock on the mantelshelf, Lhe continuous ticking of which Bounded mournful in the'solilude. Lost in her sad reverie, the beautiful and loDely girl heard not t he .opening of the door behind her — 'that'door that opened so slowly uud gently it seemed bb though it were turning on in visible hinges; and then, as the clock] ticked in its monotonous, unceaBing rcgu- ' lurjty, a young man appeared thore upon ?the threshold of the chamber, his dark eyes j glaring with a fixed Btare at the unconscious : girl beToie liirn. ' 'Ella,' at length exclaimed the intruder j in a low hushed voice, the tones causing I the young maid to start as if with electric ' file. I ' Oh, Paul, Paul, is it you 1 ' she cried ; and the next moment, regardless of the roses she was crushing, tiie beautiful gauze folds she was disordering, she was weeping on his shoulder, half envelopod in the folds of his dark heavy travelling cloak, for the youug man was habited for a journey. ' How pale you are, Paul,' aaid the fair girl, ae she led her willing visitor to the fire, ' ' And iiow beautiful you are, dear Ella, to-night ; and how like a fairy queen in your gossainmer attire;' and then, his voice ringing* with a bitter mocking, he added : ' And they have dressed you thus so t hat yon might appear still more attrac tive in tho eyes of the villain and roue, Stainforth 1 ' '. Yes. dear Paul, for, though 'tis my natal day, I did uot wish to be dressed for my birthday hall — aware that you were to be driven forth ; but our cruel uncle was inexorable, and I was obliged to submit. Hu would have it so.' 'The young girl here, her fine eyes flashing, plucking the wreath of roaes from the meshes of her wavy golden hair, cast tbem at hei feet. ' ' My banishment is herd to bear, Ella, when I remember, too, that it has been brought about by the scoundrel, Fred Stainforth.' ' And to that roan my uncle has pro mised my hand 1 But I will never become his bride, dear Paul. Far better death in the lake than a union with Captain Stain forth.' There was a fierce, wild light in the blue eyes of the poor girl, as, clinging shudder fngly to the stalwart youth beside her, she tpoancd in the extremity of her despair. '* Why talk of death, dear Ella 1 Why not fly with me this night — this hour ? ' Any reply she might have made to her lover was uow frozen on the lips, of th6 un happy girl by a loud mocking laugh that echoed through the chamber, at the half open door of which stood a tall, handsome man of middle age, whose eyes, like those of a liawk, glistened and flushed as he gazed upon the young couple before hint. ' ' The part of eavesdropper well becomes ydu, Captain Stainforth. but I defy you now as I did a week ago, and here, before my cousin Ella, stigmatise you as a scoundrel and a coward.' ' Your words of rage and scorn have little .weight with me, Paul Lamar ; I should be indeed a fool were I to note the ravings and insults of a beggar and an out cast ; and for you. Miss Ella, I would advise inBtant retirement to your chamber whilst I - oonduot your oouein oat of tho house.' Vouchsafing^ no reply to this insolent speech, the lorer; snatching a kiss from ths lips of his weeping cousin, with a haughty defiant stare at the sardonic looking cap tain, strode from the apartment ; the poor girl, with dazed, -. wild, distrait expression upon her features, gliding past the trium phant Stainforth ; bet white, silverylook ing robes flu i taring like lite wiugs of a snowy bird ss she disappeared fiom the chamber, leaving the cause of her grief and despair alone. Half-un-hour after this incident, wrepped in the voluminous folds of an Invernees cape, lite successful claimant for the hand of - the lovely Ella Thornton, stealing cuutiouely from EUersley Grange, and pass ing unperceived through the lodge gales, made liis wny along an avenue of pined and, from thence branching off .through the wpoded precints of the old manor house, came to a halt as he gained a little rustic bridge that extended across s small lake, now a'glistening mats of steely-blue ioo. The irioon, shining brightly, oast a luminous glare upon park and woodland, its rays, throwing in a lengthened shad w upon theMce, the tall muffled -form of a female standing, in the centre of the rustic bridge, and who, at (he appearance of the man, with a' little laugh, -hurried forward to meet him, ' Busta. It is well you're come, Capi taine, for thou art my rom (husband1) whilst, buenp.! lam your romi (wife).' Another mocking insolent laueh here escaped the mouth of the sti anger, who, throwing aside her veil, revealed the dark,, handsome features and glistening tubs of a UiBcayah s'* * bdld,*tiauglity, lovely looking woman, but with a dash of tlin tiger or tlie le.i|utrd HI tier large Mark eyes. There was an audible curse front the mouth of the man of Mart, who presently, in a hsrsii glaring voice, exclaimed : ' ] Imvo met you heto at your desire, Carolina, hut, have a eaio ! 1 have hither to remit ted to you the stipulated sum we agreed iijioii when we (tarted three years ago at I 'aria. Why then, have you now insisted upon tiiia interview T and here, too, near the houso of old General Stacey.'' ' Because you arc about to marry I he old fullow's niece, and, because I, your romi (wife) want money.' ' You tecoived your quarterly allowance only last week,' said the Captain in a thick guttural voice, rendered hoarse with sup pi essed rage. ' ' Her Bacco ! And suppose 1 did, Capi tainc, wluit then 7 I require cash, urgently require it ; and who should a woman call upon for money when she wants it if not up on her husband 7 ' ' And it 1 ret use this fresh supply.' ' 1 shall prevent you from committing a crime, dear Frederick, that's all.' There was here another little ripple of laughter from the rubv lips of the Juno-like beauty. ' You will prevent me committing a crime.' reiteiatcd the enraged man as lie glared viciously, first at his coutpunion and then round the lonely and silent place of their%ieeting. ' Ueuno ! Bigamy, dear Fred, is a crime, is it nob 7 ' ' Bow much money do you want 7 ' ejaculated the enraged Stainforth, paying no heed to tfie female's last sneering query. ' Caramba ! 1 thought we should come to terms ; and as you did love me once, Capitaine, I'll not be hard upon you. Let me have a thousand pounds to-morrow, and five thousand more the day you marry that little blonde (the old fire-eater, General Stacey's niece), and I'll trouble you no more.' '? And if 1 am unable to find thie large sum 7 ' ' You must find it, Capitaine.' ' Or else 7 ' ' You'll lose the little blonde and her fortune. Bah 1 I've been too considerate, too moderate. I've not asked half enough.' 'You've asked more than you'll get from me, you gipsy jade, ' said the Captain, fairly now beside himself with rage. 'Oh ! Carajo ! That's it, is it 1 Bounp! you defy me. Gipsy, am I 7 Well, I am gipsy enough to tell you your fortune, Cap tain Frederick Lascelles Stainforth. If you are not verv soon hanged you will die in prison. I have got those forged bills of De Castro, and I have but to say the word wlteu the law will be on your track. Her Bacco ! what do you say to that ? ' There was no reply given to this speech ; a wild, shrill scream presently, however, echoing in the frosty air, accompanied by the splintering crash of broken ice as a human form hurled over the bridge, with a horrid, harsh, grating noise, sank into the frozen waters of the lake. Wildly the wintry wind howled through the wood of EUersley Grange, as, branded with the mark of Cain, Captain Stainforth like a hunicd hare, dashed through the copse after leaving the frozen waters into which he hud so remorselesly thrown his unhappy victim. The moon, hidden now by the masses of cloud, all was dark, glim, and drear ; featliety flakes of snow presently falling around the assassin as be sped wildly on in rage and terror, having lost tiie path. The leafless trees, like giant spcclreB stretched out their broad branches gaunt and weird, or, waving in the blast, seemed beckoning to that crouched bent form as it hurried on like a vile and evil spirit of the niglit. Tearing and plunging recklessly on, the man of evil passions, as he became mora involved in the deep recesses of the' woods, grew dismayed and appalled, A paroxysm of supernatural horror now Beized upon him as he entered a glade or avenue lined with trees, thick furs, and undergrowth. Total darkness, deep, black, and dense, now enveloped the murderer ; the trunks of the trees now and again looming out as a break occurred in the snow- laden branches above, that, interweaving, formed a kind of frame on which the descending enow rested like an awning. The ghastly cry of the owl, ' tuwhittu who,' followed by the renewed shrieking of the wind, at length caused the assassin to come to a halt. Panting and exhausted from his mad flight, he now, resting against tiie t rank ot a pollard oak, glared round half demented by fear, - rage, and horror ; for, the darkness now less opaque, ho fancied that 'in the gloom ho perceived a shadowy form hovering among the brush wood, and closely following in his wake. With a groan and a deep-breathed impre cation at litis suspicion that a something was tracking his footsteps, he ouce more dashed wildly on, only some -fojur hours after that meeting with his luckless victim by the lake, gaining and entering, unBeen, the hall of EUersley. It was at a late hour of the morning on the succeeding day that, pale, haggard, and ill lie presented himself to the General's niece as she was silting disconsolate and alone in the library. Received with a chilling bauteur and fear combined, Captain Stainforth, affecting not to percoive the coldness of his reception, exclaimed : '1 have just left your uncle. Miss Ella ; be is far from weU, and has a strange fancy that onr nuptials should take place without delay, suggesting a special license for the purpose.' There was a half- defiant, exultanttone in the voice of the claimant for her hand that roused a rebal spirit in the bosom of the young girl, who, with clenched hands and face uf marble, starting . np and pointing to the whirling snow, that in fantastic eddios flew by the casement without, ex claimed ; ' By some dread means you have gained an ascendenoy over my uncle, and have moulded him to your wishes-; he, so fierce and determined, gives way to you in all things. By some fell agency you have be come his master. You won upon him to turn my hapless cousin Paul from the roof tbat has sheltered him from boyhood ; you have now extorted from him a consent to our instant -union. ;-i But know, Captain Stainforth. I would eoouer tbie hour prefer the alternative of a winding sheet of snow than become your wife.' A datk evil look getKered over the features of the rejected suitor, and; in a he rsb, grating voice, he .exclaimed : ' You have defied me ! . You would pre fer death rather than become my bride f jVell, we shall sec, Ella Thornton. Per haps, mud girl, you may alter your decis ? « ton a month hence ; there ant various ways ot t nut tig a spirit euvti us your*. I leave you now. Mi* U«i |mm , your uncle's most trust ed servant, will conduct you presently to your chamber.and wlnUt in your present obstinate and defiant mood you will nut be allowed to leave the fiouse.' With a sardonic smile, tho man of evil passions was Lurning to quit the room, when lie stalled back with a cry of fury. 'A word Willi you, Captain Stainforth 1' ' Haul Louinx, boggar and outcast I what means this return to your uncle's home ? I am master here now, and if yon do not instantly eet hence, you shall be limned oil by the hounds.' ' Not so fast, Captain Frederick Stain forth ; I am not alone.' 'Not alone 7 j' In a husky kind of whisper, these words were reiterated by the captain, as standing in the corridor without, he caught sight of another figure, that, tall and erect, and shrouded in a black mantle, was stationed behind the smiling and defiant Paul. 'I am not alone, Captsin. I have a lucly w'-tli me.' ' ' A lady ! ' a livid pallor now stole over the face of the startled villain, who, as that shrouded form glided into the library, step by step drew back until, gaining the casement, his further steps were arrested, ' You don't look well, Capitaine. Per bacco ! You gaze upon your poor wife bb though you took her for a ghost. ' 'Catalina ! God of Heaven ! Catalina ! ' gasped the wretched man, who now in wild hoiror, throwing up his arms, with a shriek of maniac fury, hurled himself through the casement. Theie was a crash of splintered wood aDd broken glass ; and theD, upon lhe affrighted group glancing without, t hey beheld the body of the suicide a huddled-up heap upon the stone court-yard below. Upon descending into the grounds, the wretched Stainforth was found to be quite dead ; besides other injuries his neck being broken. n Catalina, bis wife, rescued from the frozen lake the night before by Paul, remained for many months at the Grange, assisting at the marriage of Paul Lomax with his loved cousin, Ella. The old man, their uncle, by every means in liis power striving to make up for his harshness in the past, when his lovely niece was persecuted and suffering a Woman's Perils. 