"THE MYSTERY OP LAWDEN'S CUTTING." " Lawdo.v's Cuttinci, situated about 12 i miles from Sydnoy," tho old man began ) ono winter night, aa wo sat around the ' fire in front of our tents, 1 had a mystery \- about it once that, for tho time it fasted, caused u creat deal of excitemont. and no little alarm, iu and around Sydney. It was an hour's rido in the coach across the rough country, but now you can travel it in about fifteen minutes. 'It wss a cutting driven through a rather stiff hill, to innko it mnro easily for traffic. j 'It was on tho last stage to Sydnoy I and as you came towards town tho road lay across a common that belonged to tho town. ' Por nearly a week the night coach in Sydney hud encountered the mystery as it ascended tho hill on its way to town. ' Each night tho passengers and driver were startled by an apparition, in the form of of a whito horso, that dashed across the front of the londots as soon as tho coach ascended tho hill. Six conseoutivo nights did tlio driver see tho form appear, and whon it visits become so frequent and regular none but the more courugcous of tho pcopto would rido in the night mail. Alio urivui niH tiiinuwi wiiiiioivuuiij' by his companions, and espocialiy by Noel Norton, whoso coach passed tho place some sixty minutos or more after, and, 'no : far, had encountered no apparition. Look hero, Norton,' said tlio perse cuted driver ono afternoon, when tho boaster had overtaxod his otherwise placid temper, 1 I'll give you a quid if you'll take my coach through to-night without soeing tlio ghost 1' , " Done f Haid Norton. 'Shako on it, old man.' ' Alter gotting permission to clinngo places, Norton set out on his journey, his only companion being n commercial tra veller on his usual rounds. ' By long and froquont pulls at his whisky flask ho and the driver managed to koop up their spirits. ' All wont woll till tlioy ascended tho cutting. Norton had got his horses into n nice, easy trot, when across tho road dashed the whito horBO 1 Whon ho reached Ids destination anxious questions dto liiin evoked tho samo answer as been givon by bis companion driver of the road. « A little more than an hour afterwards tlio other coach rolled up to tlio hotel, having encountered notfiing to cause alurin. Norton and his pal sat discussing tlio mystery ovor thoir pipes and onco moro Norton clinched a hot to drivo pass tho huunted cutting. 'All this I heard from tho landlord of tlio little inn between wliioh and Sydnoy lay the last stage. An inspector of police was to return with us and try to unravel tho mystery. ' Oil tlio top sat tho commercial travel ler, n groat deal top-lioavy, and filled with false courago. ' ' I'm afraid of no blessed ghost 1 ho hiccoughed botweon liis pull at tho flask. ' Drink, mute.' ' I nnd the drivor took a tasio, and tho inspoctor was not left out. ' So away wo went in great gieo, though I must confoas I folt a bit funky, for for spirits out of bottles was out of my line. . 'At last wo reached tho cutting. Tho horses foil into a walk in tho climb up tho hill. ' Wo reached it in safety, and Btarted off again, whon— straight as a dio camo tho apparition 1 Tlicro was no timo to avoid it, and it struck tho team botweon tho loading and uuddlo horsca ! , 'Tho polers swerved sharply round, and ovor wont the coach. 1 ' Wo all fell clear, nnd, hoadod by tho inspector, rushed to the toaui. ' Vainly ondcavourirtg to oxtricato itsolf was tho whito horso. ' Then wo all laughed outright. ' Tho mystery was plain as day. 'Tho horso was blind, and while quietly feeding on tlio common, being stnrtlod by tho noiso of tho coach, rushed towards the sound, nnd missod tho leaders by a hair's breadth. ' For six nights ho bad escaped colli sion, but this night failed to miss tho coaoh, and sealed his doom ? Next day ho was shot, and so ondod tho mystery, tor with tho old grey horso di«d tlw ' Mystery of towdon « Cutting. 