OH. JIT. Th»VtbeBBv0r« weaker of »he,-a6t week will materially affect the wintei milk supply. That a little daughter was added to the household of Alderman W. H. Owen on Monday. Congratulation* ! That the second edition of Wollon gojng's Mafeking colnbraiions lias been postponed indefinitely. That the Eisteddfod still continues one of the all-absorbing topics locally. [That it is to be hoped sundry de fejbts in the management of tliu con cern will not be overlooked. That the surprise of I lie show wits ndt the win of the IHawarra clioir, but the narrow margin wiLli which it is 8a?d to have won by. 'That the dropping out of I be centre board was the real cause of Saturday week's boating disaster. That a handful of coarse salt, dealt oat from the business end of a gun, w|ll suou .' lay ' the YalUli ' ghost.' That the wreck of the G tenner, on the rocks near Ulladulla, was sold for £7. That Mr. H. Whiuingliam has secured a choice little farm, a few miles out of Lfcinore. ' Th*t H. S. Bingle'a baths improve ment effort is hereby highly com mended. That the local Council, now having a precedent to work on, should apply forthwith Tor a baths' gran*. That the Werfa does not appear to be the luckiest boit ,that rides the main. ? . That the local rat population could, from all accounts,' be materially thinned without much trouble. That the Mt. Lyell Company has saved 6s per ton on its coke since it established the Kembla works. That in at least two itenis tire ad judicator at tlie musical festival did not give unbounded satisfaction. That the South Coast has every reason to be pruiid of thn ** Illawarra Nightingale'— Miss Kathleen Morven. That the South Coast Rifle Associa tion's matches are fixetf for a most.ua* sefeonaMe period. '?''-?? That the townspeople ought to pre sent Conductor Walker with a gold motratflfl4MtiO!ti»f £«' : ;» ;y '?;*-'. ? i '.-. . That the Smith's Hill bohfire was, after «ll, prcmalurcly, and, it is said, surreptitiously fired, nincli to ihe' dis gust of the Mayor. That the £re-&-cipe mediums at tlte. 'Wollongong Town Hall could be greatly improved. ! iTliat djeSout|fJ5ulli^iiice; ma|eri ?Ify interferes wriHi llitf even tenpf. of the tradesmen's way. ^ ^ ,, That some of tl»e* fefr^et-stripping now being indulged in will make the last stage of the streets In question worse than the first. That if football enthusiast* cannot com ma nil choicer language, (hey had better conduct t.heir games up beliihd the hills, and not in town. That, the patriotic boom, like many of the flags that tVy lio flutter in -the breeze at Wollongong, is being done to tatters. That given fine .weatlier during the Eisteddfod, the committee would have had a lively time of it trying to seat even half the crowd which would have been present. That a'C'Mnplaifjt has got into print from Daptbto*he effect tliat* big sub scription was omitted — perhaps inten tionHlly— fiom the W. C. Chiirfcli'Fund list published ' in a local paper.' That, the South Coast Times is evi dently not i he offending print, for (he iinn complained of nppeiired as large life in this paper. -That an action for blander bet wren t wo WoHongong &^z»m H4inp been fipttlcd by an under t«kin-z on thf*pirt of the one to pay costs nnd bo of ijood Miavior towards the other. That if be fails in tliis latter ofcij palidb.v nol wrjiher clemep|y' |rtll| be shown ^-so the aggrieved onW ^fllpliati^ cally asserts. 