Oh Thurid/ty l-u| tb« . Farmer* and Settleri' AnocUtion oonduded their annual oonferaDeo by preientino; a deputation to tbe Pr«mior ?mbo4;tDg the reiulti of , their labon, and requesting that the Qorernment give practioal eHeot lo them during the year. Ths raaolationa lubmittsd to air William Lyo* were an follow! — 'That Grown land*.; Dotrifalling in be made aTailabl* for settlement ; the abolition of auotion sale! of country lands; ?zohangei of land only lo be permitted for consolidated purpaaes ; intereat to be nductd to 3| per oent. ; that rabbiti be included in tbe Noxious Animals Aot« ; skin dealers to be licensed ; neosssity for a New Stock Aot; water oonaervaiioa ; railway extension into outlying' distriote; the erection by the Railway.Qocniniaaioneri of grain sheds in large wheat-growing districts; establiahmeat1 of a 8tate Bank; and consolidation of the Land Acts for simplification of dealing with land matters.' As ih* Oovernment have gireo effoot to their recommenda tions in the paet, the Be-appraiaemeot and Noxious Weeds Aote being first submitted by that body to Parliament in embryonio form— there if every reason to beliais that -..tha Lyne Qovernment will farorably oonsider the suggestions made by the Associa tion, more especially as they hate oonfeeeed themselves in sympathy with oountry want*. Erra the most Eoeptioal must admit that the Associa tion is rendering 'yeoman woik on behalf of the farmers and settlers of New South Wales. Delegates from all the priooipal oonntry oentrea assemble in Sydney and ait m confer ence ; and as a result of their labors, the many disabilities affecting the farmers and settler* are brought to light. These are sifted moat minutely until the discrepancies reveal them elves, and then the members agree upon a course whioh, provided Par ifirueot can lie induced to lead its sanction, would bo romodial. As a criterion of tbo good work being doao by tho Association, we havo only to refor to tho Rs-appraisomont Bill, which was actually framed by tho mombers of that body whilst in session last year. Thoy wore fully olive to the faot that they ware paying extortionate interest on their conditional purchases, and they made no socret of tho faot ; on the oootrory, thoy loudly declaimed against it, aud so impressed was Parliament with their emphatio demand for more olastio legislation in this connection that no difBoulty was exporienoed in converting tboir recommendations into law. Although the Bill was pasted last year, its provisions have not yet boon put into operation, owing to the dilatorinoas of the Minister for Lands ; but it is oxpeoted that tho Act will be in working order in a very short timo, and we would advise O. P. holders in this district to take advautngo of it. ? ? ? Adverting to our original theme, we confess ourselves improssed with tho good work being dona by the Farmers and Settlers' Association, and it is utterly beyond our limited ken why tho farmers of this distriot do not form a looal branoh of tbe Association and be represented at its annual conferences ; but we suppose that it is the same old complaint — utter indifforenoe. But this is where the anomaly comes in. Farmers are ever ready to voioe their complaints, and we hear tnuoh of the disabilities they labor under owing to the too drastio provisions embodied in the Dairies Supervision Act; yet when it oomes to taking some steps to remedy their grievances, they are found wanting. If thoy really possessed any energy and consideration for their otvn individual welfare, they would have been rsprosonted on the Associa tion long ago ; and by makiDg a demand through that body for a modification of the stringent provisions of the Act, they would probably, by | this time, have had the disabilities removed. Another thing that we require is a distriot experimental farm ; but this boon is not likoly to beobtaiuud until proper representations can be mads through some such chan nel as ths Farmers' Association, which ia regarded as * powerful organization — an organization which even our consurvaMve Parliament concedes to be a valuable aid in the framing of many of oar laws, particularly thoss which apply to the Lands Department. It ia to be hoped that local farmers, for their own individual and collective interests, will give this subjeol the attention which it merits, and endeavor to form a local branoh of the Association. Then their delogates would ba able to voice the wants of farmers of this district through a channel which can be dependsd upon to give their griev ances proper soneideration, and, providing they merit it, strenuously endeavor to have them remedied. Wake up, farmsrs ! Obvzously, if the requisition signed by leading residents of Bega request ing the Mayor to eall a meeting for the purpone of renewing tbo agitation for the Bega-Eden Railway may be takes as a oriterion, there in no longer any occasion for ua to urge che people to cast oS that long standing apathy for which thty are ever being derided and regenerate the movement by infusing redoubled vigor into it. The requisition merely asks for. the calling of a publio meeting 'to consider the question of renewing the request of the people of the distriot to the Government for a railway to the port of Eden,' whioh, in itself, savors of half-heartsdness. Why did not the requisitionists ask for the oalling of a meeting to take steps for the formation of a league, having for its object the renewal of that agitation ? If the requisitionista are not over careful, the same old lukewarmness will be allowed to insidiously enter into the operations of the meeting, *nd then — well it dossn'l require a great strain on one's mental power* to enable him to determine what the seqasl would be. This want of spirit was painfully apparent in the spasmodic attempts recently mads to assist the Bombala Federal Capital League in the further ance oi their claims to.be the Federal Capital. A meeting was called and all the neoessary routine gone throngh ; but where, O when, is tbe result of their labors t Suoh lame efforts as these to stimulate interest in, and galvanU* Jifa into, publio movements of this character only serve to heap contumely upon the heads of the ona or two aotiva spirits who really do manifest some display of ipterest io suoh matters. Is not su'oh otter indifference calculated to destroy whatever ajnaurv n»«n thmw nnaaaaa ? W« have dilated so frequently upon tb.e lethargy of the people of this distriot that its oonstaat recapitulation beoomes naasssting ; and to attempt lo instil lit* into their publio actions would be about .on a par .-with' an attempt to resurrect the dead body of Julius OaMar. If a thine b worth doing at all it is worth doisg well, and this faot should b« bom* in mind by those who contemplate moving in the rehash of ths railway agitation. Tho Vigilance Association and the Oaodelo Progress Oommittea are already moving in tbe matter, but they require more baokbona to enable them to make any progress in tha direction of securing tba eonstruntioo of the line — and that backbone can only be supplied by tha noiUd efforts of resident* of tho wbolt . distriot. Therefor*, wa bop* that all aai) sundry will roll np at to night'* meeting and endeavor to «xoite *uthuaiaam' in ' the proceedings. ? U*le»* th«'' tSMting partakes of some show of animation, it would be far better to let tbe matter drop onoe and for all, for suob paltry attempts to revive publio inter at in what is but tbe ghost of its ? former self only end in stultifying those andubly engaged in the work. But thoro is no reason why, the ponplu should be disheartened Tboir prospoots of obtaining tbe lino wore never brighter, and a timely and omphatio demand will probably bear good fruit, OBpeoially B9 the federal olootions will be soon ooming off, and prospootive members will be only too willing to purchase favor by lending their support to tho cnovomont. Enough said ' for the present, but more anon. Ratepatebb in tho vicinity of that portion of AuokUnd-street ' bntween Cnrp and Upper Streets aro loud in iheir ocmpUints against ihe nn«luct oi tho Municipal Council in allowing pools of stagnant water to ie-uain on the oamern side of the street. Tho matter is ona thot should have bcon n-tendod to long ngn, and why it ban not received attention wo do not know. During the diphtheria epidemio a fuw J y»ars back, Dr. Ashburtoii Thompson, ihe Board of Health officer, who cuiuh down to report on tbe subject, com mented on tbe dauf.iT of allowing water to stagnate in (his atroet. Being n fiiuiutiiTiib iuuiuu|^iiiart], UlnCnHU got 1118 arising in the locality would bo carried broadcast through the district, and with tbe near approach of warm weather we trust our City fatheis will see to it that this — another. -menace to the health of the community — in wipod off the slate. When the Act for the outling-up of municipalities into wards becomes \avt wa mav l^okr fnrwurd fco a better state of things prevailing, as each locality wonld then have its repre sentative in Council, and he would sen to it that his ward was jot neglected. DATs getting longer. nlORH mow oo Monaro. Tub Boers making lively again. Married conplo wnntod at tho Bega Hoipital. Amhuai. Meeting of Bega Benevolent Society en Thursday. A.tNUAI. meeting of School of Arta to morrow sieding at 8 o'clock. School duties were resumed at the Bsgt Grammar School yesterday. Laud Ooart at Bega on Augnst 10th, Edgn Sth, and Wyndham 6th August. House trainers are already getting { horses into niok for the ne.it fpting Bacea. J. Libdt'S application for a mineral lease of 23 acres in the parish of Wynd bam is ready for-delitery. Tub Monaro Ooursing Club hold a snocaaafal mooting on tbe Cootns rsoe oounaon Wednesday last. ' T. Bixon's- application for a gold mining leaso of four aores in tbtf parish of Yambulla has b«en r»fu*od. Loud ObaVchamp purpotet paring a v'ait to Kiandra, on th-i.ncpu«ion of the annual 'aki' (snownhoe) carnival. Mi. I). Kiss, at onolim»«.woll-known Bega resident, is now a bailiff in Sydmir. 'D«»y' is a familiar figure in Pitt street. ? ? :, . ,.-, Mil. W. Mas.viN'O. ol B-iga. la tbe lowiNit tsiifjpror (or tho oroct ion of a bridge nter Six mile Cre«k, near Pam bula. Hi* teuder wa« £406. -? Tub lad Ernest McDonald, reported aa lout iu the last big snow, storm near Kiandra, turned up all rigltt, twiug none tbo worae for his experioaA. ''' Mb. T. F'KD. of Dol-ni»?B. 'and pro prietor of Furd'a 8nddler's 'shop,1 Carp stroot. Bega, was last'wook married to Mus aocno uutm, oi cue same towu. Oold-Minino leaaea approved of in the pariah of Ysmballa :— J. Q. Barron, GL 9, 7a. 3r. 23p : T. Bite, sod., and another, GLs 15 and 16, 2a. Or.' 23p7 respectively. ? Sbmioh Sbroeant Mow' prooeede i to Sjdnur by Monday's itosmer with the prisoner Boll, wbo stands bfa trial. at. tbe next Qoulburn Quarter Sesaioui for false pretencei. .Mb. Tom Simmondb, the engineer at tbe Bega Co-operative Greamery Oo.'a factory, gave tbe enRine.aJiUl ,cn Mon day. 'Tom' is aatisBed tb'at the ongine is m good as toe best of tbatn. . Manobesish Unity of Qddjellawa will oslobrats the '22nd anniversary of th» Loyal Prince Alfred Lodge by a dioner and ball on Wednesday, 20th Auguat. The ball will be a publio one.' ' Tax Evening Star Lodge, G.U.O.O.P., will eslobrats their annirusarv this y«*r, in the usual manner — prooflliion, sports, and ball. It will tako pla^o. in Septem ber, and a big priio will befoflerod for a tng-of-war.' Mb. Alp TnouraoN. .manaser. of the loeal branoh of tba Bank of S»w South Wales, and at present oiFtix memtna' l*av* of abisQoo, ii now tounag Northern Queensland. When last heard of Mr, Thompson was at Townsvillvv Thi comedietta, 'Withered Txavea,' with tha faro* 'Lesv* It To. Ma.' ia. to ha repaated on 8th Auguat'. Hoary ex penses swallowed up a big' portion of the procaeds ot Iaat week's effort, and as many havs aaked for. a «»atitioD, th* mansgemant have decided-tc do so. Mils J. Bailet, oookerf iustraotres* iD connection with the Department of Inttruotioo, has ooqimeno*d a aanos of demonstrationi at th* Wollondodg Public School. Th* term generally luts six moutba, aud Miss Bailey raoaotly eon ducted a successful session at the Kiama Sohool. ,.r, Miss Uahih Naselli and.Miu Era Mvlott, the wall- known aopuatreatea, »ro now touring th* northera nrara. giving a ' urias of conotrta. Wh*r*v*r:1k*y have appeared thaj bar* mat with (nthuaiastio receptiooa, end in on* or two of th* northern towns psopl* had to:t-* turned away from tbe doors. Mb. E. Bluett, formerly of th* Kiah and Nullioa half-time schools, baa re pined Mr. F. 0. Brauington at the Tarraganda Publio School, lit. Bluett is an enthusiastic footballer, and played a. good game in th* match town ^y.' oountry on Saturday last. He should strengthen tha local club. -?-''. CoNTRiBimoHg to the Volonteer Pire Brigade fund are rolling in «plendjdlv. Mrs. B. Bitohie, with her usual liberality, has donated a sum of tbra* guineas, Tickets for the ball on the 24th are also going off splendidly, and the affair pro mises to be the largest of tbe kind ever held in the diitriot. A BAiLiNa-VBasKL, built to the order i of Captain Christisnien by Mr. Mowatt, ! was launched at Bermagui on Thursday j night last. As the night was moouiii-ht, ' a large crowd assembled to see the vessol Isunohod, tad as the left tha wayr) .great choering signalised hor suocessful launch ing. The vossel is intended .'far tbo ooastal trade. . Milk trnm !!(?«* Oooperntivo P«otory was nubmittt'i! l» auotion br Mr. Rixod yosteidsy, Mr. J. Kixun r-'chasing the right for fix months at Xlfi AT tho Yards yonterday, flpringurs mid to £5. Btoro cows to £2 Of,. and poddies to 21 1. Demand for young stock con tinuos brisk. Wiiluxla people aro prcntly itnprpKnod with tho urgency of. helping tho famlno Ktrickrn mjriuls in Imlia. mid vith thin purpuw in view they intoua laninKxubncrlii tlon tihtn. A social will alre be hold on tho ?-?Sth IiiHt. in uiii ..f t ho wmci object. Mr. A. Lovu ia bicrulary to the raurcinont. Wako up Bogii ! 'Jopitbb'— Sorry, bnt wo cannot publish vnur lotter, bi wo have already had our abare of praiae, Surnly there is a limit to fulsomoneas somowhoro. Try another subject and we will probably publish, as wo like your »tylo. At thn Polioe Cnnrt yestorday morning, hetore Messrs. Htlea, P.M.. Atkinson and Lane, J's.P., Henry Blako was otllod on to answer a ohargn of oon-complianre with an order ol th* Cuurt for tba sup port of hi* lawful ohild. HUko failed to appear, and a warrant was issued for his arroat. A beqcisitioit is being numerously electorates, asking Mr. Austin Chapman, M.P. for Braidwood. to stand for this elftotorate nnder the Foderal Parliament. The petition is even being signed in Bom bala, the stronghold of Mr. W. H. Wood, Minister for Justice, who is also certain to be a candidate for federal honors. Ms. C. Blahs, of tbo Chuloswood Ponl try Farm, baa just returned from Srdnoy, whoro bo attended tho annual Poultry Show. Mr. Bland conndom tho quality of poultry to bo improving every year, and eo impretuod was he with some of tho exhibits tbit be could not refrain from making a fow purchases. Amongst othora, ho eoourcd a oouplo of Fekin drakes, from tho vary beat strains in tho colony. Ho also purchased some pure Silver Wyandottcs, whioh havo lately oomo into high favor aa wintor lnyara. SotUngs can bo obtained froa Mr Blind for Sa. Licensing Coubt.— At tho Quarterly Lioensmg Conrt, held on Tuesday, be'or* Meaars. F. B. Hales, W. J. Lane, and T. Atkinson, Christian Momson applied for a hotel licence for a boose situate at Wolamla. Constable Williams, of Wo lamia, wired that the building had Dot been completed according to th* plans and apeoi&cations.; Owing to the abseaoe of the Licensing Inspector in Sydney, the case was adjournad till th* Dtxt Licensing Court on the 7th of August. Mr. Bland appeared (or applicant. Caitard. — Somehow or anotbsr a report gained enrrensy on Saturday to the eOoot that th* Australian Bushmen's Contingent had been almost cntirsly an nihilataid by th* Boars. How this foolish statement first originated . ws do not know, uolass th* r*port that the Bnsh mao loat a ooupl* of men killed and stveral wounded at Buatenberi; was ra spooaibl* for its ersatioa. A little imagi nation and a great deal of exaggeration would aaaily do tha rest. Phitatb 'Jim' STUotme called at tbe Star office yesterday to bid ua fare well. He leave* for Sydney this vxk. via Eden, having to raport himself at Beadquartera. He has cow quit* re covered from the efleot* of snlerio faver. Mid, i( pos.iblo, be intends to again »ro med to Suirh Africa to rej- i i hia oom punr. Tbi- da'orminatiou shows tha yKu3 the m\u U m+Ae of, and ia a alap in rho face to th-»» wh' cavil at our local wldiefy. We with Private Symonda tba heat of lock. M*» Ft Rvil/ nf Q)i-ull-...n _Um aomu time ago r.Qared to ba^k thriu- of his' 'Jersey againit any threa Holateina in th* oountry, and wbo««-challenKe has been accepted by Ut. Arthur A'ouok, of this district, afw-ines tho rbfloiviog oon ditioua in the lo.t Nowra 'Oooloaiat' — Cuws to b* tested any time during the next 12 months on Berry Showground by Mr. McVeigh, taata to b*-aa»da siagly or otkerwis*. and cows to .*« fad a* a»ob owner deairea, ailk food being *tc-- hibiHd. Tb» ehalVange is for HOC We ?earcely think Mr. Alcoak will k« ea tot sending hi» cows re Berry. Bhjtobb Mr. Hales, P.M., on Monday, LawreDS* Cully, a youBE nan who de delights in 'ihokioc ttainga np' fn town oa Sutnrday nights, was fii'ed SI or sevea day* for b«ng druoh and disorderly, and £2 or a month tor obneene language. It ia only a fortnight baok sines Oully ap peirod on aimiUr cbarga*. Co Saturday nigbt, after playing u» m ton variooa hotela, bo went round and disturbed th* hartr-ony nf a dance in Peden-«troet. and was Moulin? it not' right merrily vi-b hands and' toogno *Hea tbe police ar ihred. Mb. T. 0. B»A»ani8T0B. for son* years in aharg* of th* Tarraganda Publia School, ba* obtained six mosrths' Uav* of abaenca, and intends viaitio*)' the Pan* Exhibition. Dariujj tks.tioa* k* waa at Tarragand*. Mr. Braanagtoa: *»d*ars-l Inrnsell to parents sad snildTwi, aod, in fset, to all with whoa b* cttne'ia aoa Uo». H* was an (nihoaiasti* ?poctaoiaa, and genial oompanroa, and will b* oauoh misaed to th* oommuaity. Ot *a ad venturous turn ot mind, Mr Brtatieftiea found it dimcult te eoatrat himiolf afktr failing to a**ur* a place ia ta* sawoad. oontiogeot for South Afriea, aaj w* ventur* the statement tao» a* will evcotaally make his way to that *ooahy. . foonAU.— On Saturday l»al a natoh' waa playad on the Show- pound between teams rapraa«ntrag . --wb »neV. oa)O«try. tbsae -aa a in* muster of players and a a»l«odirf (r»m» rasolUdi-iln the Brat half tb* 'Buahie*' bad tbe bwl of thiaga, scoring six points ?« theit opaeoaots' aiL Ioth»»Mond half, boweyar. ta* towns m*a r»or* than held th«r owm.eomiog out ea top by 11 point* to *. for tb* winacrt, 'Diok' Bkafield- played a rattling gam* — Tb* **or«tary of the B*ga Olub Iaat weak ?ommoaio»Ud with Bombala as to a visit from their t*am. In* Boobala **cr*buy ha* rapliad thai h* was eoonauaioatiBg with th* Bibbtn lnke Olub to' try and g«t a eombined team. If a team hom these dabs come* down the loeal lads will have something to rntet— On Saturday next Beg* and Oobargo meet at tho- -northern town. The visiting team will be :— Full back— Olaye; threeqaarierih— Blbitt,' Carruth ers, and P. W. Tarhntbo ; haly**— Eter- ahed and. BlomSeld ; forwards— Darke, Eheinborger, V. Tarlioton, Taylor, Son derman. Smith,. . Hernjao, ,8cOomberg, Filmer, with Childs and Bland emergen cies. Coach leaves Post OfBce at 10 o'olook. .-??.' . ?'. ---?(.- ? On Baturday last -Bombala and Bibbenloke footb«U'er«, played a draw, The rush of passengers to South Africa continues. BLOOD PURIFYING. Snipiron, Natoius's Blood Pdiu»ieb.— Peffis's Sulphhe Sxii) PxABLs-aro quite small, porfcctiy taateleM, Purify the Blood, cleanse from sll Hvmours, ouro Skin Di feacea, improve tho Heallb^ '-Pepper's Sul phur I'wuL, in giillinif- Bottles ovorywhoro. 