PARHCULARS OF HIS EXCEL- LENCY'S STAY, THB 1NTBBVIBW. The absence of reliable information aa to the movements of Lord Hopetonn on hie arrival at Fremtntfe and the desire of the Home authorities that there should bs no reoeption on aooonnt of hia 1 health aoconntsd for the faot that no arrangements had been made to formally Weloome him to Aoalralia. The over head railway bridge at Fremintle had been deacrated with flags and green staff', while an insiription, 1 Federated Australia welcomes the Governor- General,' extended along the end of the btidge in red lettering On a whi'e baok ground. Over the centre of the ineorip tion «as a design on oalioo representing the flags of the Empire, enclosing a painting ot the Governor General. The B.M.S. Viotoria, whioh Loid Hopetonn boarded ait Colombo in Booh weakened oondition on account of fever that he had to be carried aboard, wu sighted from Bottnest 18,16 this morning and entered th s ri er at 5.80, berthing at South Quay a few minutes later. By thia time the vessels at the wharf were lined with bunting from stem to stern, and tbe mail attamer wu similarly dresBed. At 8 a.m. the Fi emantle Artillery find a salute at South Quay, and guaa from the Boyal Arthur replied. It had besnin'ended Lord i3op3toan should join tl)e flagship at Fremantle and prooeed direct to Sydney, but these plena had to bs changed in const que ioe of hie medioal adviser. Major PhiUor, deeming It advisable that he ehonld coatinne his voyage to Adelaide to tbe mall stonier, and then embark on the Royal Arthur. His Exoellenoy immediately granted reporter an interview in - ths captain's cabin,\whioh wss plao'd at hii disposal for th{ voyage by Commander Crewe. Lord JJopetonn was.looking thin land pallid, and seemed only the ghost of bis former pelf, a'though rapidly recorering from Us severe attack of malarial dysenteiy. Lord Hopetonn bore plenti fpl signs of the ravages of the disease, .While ready to oonverse, he,deiired to keep away from politioalmaltors, «ni ia reply to the in'erviewer, could give no intonnttien as to whom he would call apn to form the firstFoderal Ministry. i With rt^irJ to.hu illaeai Lord Hoge tonn ia«d he had gone to Iudia fc r a fivj weekb' hiliday, ani at t: at time be had every re»Buu ts belitve a hot olimate wonld suit him. For the first 10 days he was particularly well, then, all in one day, he was sttioken down with fever, and became seriously ilL This was at Meerut. He hsd to be oanied in a dhooly to tbe train, after; wards to the Naval Commandant's quar- ters, aid finally,to Government Honse at Cohmbo, The attack had developed into a severe form ot malarial dysentry, «I am qnite ft t now,' remarked His Exoelleaoy, Lut his appearanoe belied it, 'for at Mee<ut I believe I hardly weighed as muoh as my eldest son. am abls to dress myself now and toddle abou'. It was ooly the day befoie yeite:day that I was able to walk about the deck. I. don't want to see any more of Indis,' remarkei Hia Exoellenoy, BS his thoughts went baok to the unpleasant experiences he had eaoounteied there, Re'erring to the illness of Lady Hopetoun, he said :' Misfortunes never aeemid to oome singly. Two days before reaching Colombo Lady Hope' toun to„k ill, and by the time tbe seaport was in sight, ehe was suSeriog from malarial fever. Think God she is well 1' caid His Lordship when pe was informsd of ths latest cable reports regarding her oindition. His Exoellenoy expr s>ed the hope that, on reiohing 8)daey, he wjnld noerer quiokly, as he fared far better on land than on sea. I an a king to what I was,' he jicularly remarked. The reporter coold well imagine it when he added that when at Meernt bis oondition was eimilar to that of the famine-stricken Hindoos. Questioned as to his feelings on retarding to Auatialie, Lord Hopetsun replied that he was coming baok among oldfiiends and did not feel shy this time. The fiveyears he had spent in Australia were the happiest years of his life, and he was (leased to bs baok again. It was gratifying to find that people were S3 kind and thoughtful in remembering one who had lett them, though only for time, for the general rule was that when a man goes, he goes for ever. With lefetence to the feeling in England at the Federation of tbe Australian colonies, Lord Hop3tonn siid that ^ great delight was felt throughout the kingdom at the fact that the oolonies had entered into the bjnds of nnioa, When asked if he had any message to be sent to the people of Australia, he remarked that any message he would have wonld be to the whole of Australia this time and not to any one part of it. He aided, jaoolarly, be wmld take oars not to quote Kipling, but wonld consider what message I e wonld ssnd, and would give it,to his interviewer later in the day. M*jir Philson, the medioal adviser to Lord Hopek no, on being seen,, classed the Earl's complaint as a severe altack of aoute dysentery, whieh is a very eetious malady in India.. He was very ill when be boardei the eteamer at Colombo, but had improved considerably daring the trip. He was still, however, very weak,' but was rapidly growing stronger, and was n IW able to sit out on J u r deck —for a few hours every day. He r * hoped the Earl would be sufficiently reoovered on his arrival in Sydney to go through the neceissry offioial duties, butbs would not allow him to participate ia any sooialities for the present. It had been intended that tbe Earl should b>ard the Boyal Arthur at Fremantle, bnt on the reobmmendation of Major Poilsop, that it wonld bs better for him to prooeed to Adelaide on the B.M.8. Viotoria, aad there tranship to tbe warship, he w^nld not join the Boyal 'Arthur hero. Major Ph!ls«n will remain with him until his oomplete nooyery fr>m illoeBS. At 7 o'clook tMa morning the Mayor of Fremantle (Mr E Solomon, M.L.A.) paid an informal viBit to the Gnernor- Generai on board (hj Viotoria! The following officers attaohed to the staff' of Lwd Hopetonn are . on board the Viotoria:—Major S O Philson, R.A.M.O., medioal adviser; Major the Honorable C Willoughby, military eoretary ; C 8 LGore, Esq., seoretary; aad CaptainB B. Corbett and S. Duff, A'e.D.O. Shortly after 11 o'olook the Adtninis- iratjr, 8ir Alex Onslow, the Premier, ths President of the Legislative Conn ml, the Speaker ol the L9gislativs As sembly, and a- Ministerial party called on His Excellency and extended to him a weloome to Western Australia. The visit was of a purely formal natare, and took the form of a quiet conversation on the dsok, His Exosllenoy desiring that no fanotion should bs held on tcoonnt ot ths state of bis health. Aa the Viotoria awnng on\ about 11.45 there was a large orowd at the qtuty, and when still there wu a ehort> diatanoi betwean the vessel and the TELEGRAMS throng, tho Governor-General eleot appeared at the rail of ths steamer. Sir J. ha Forrest immediately led rousing oheers for Lord Hopetoun, and another was given fcr Lady Hopetonn. Lord Hopftonn smiled, aid bowd hia aoknonlifg meats. When silence wa? restored, be said: ' I hope that I oan oome to see jou very soon, ani I hope that I thill bs in belter form than I an cow.'—Cheers. The Governor. General elect then called for Ih ee ohiers for 'United Australia,' and these were heartily g.ven by the orowd, after whioh Lord Hope, toun wished the people of Western Australia good-bye and disappeared from the rail. At 12 50 p.m. tbe laBt lines were cast off, and the steamer was promptly swung round with her head out to sea. Hearty obeers were given, in whioh the Premier led off, and the last, for some time, was seen of the first Governor* General of the Commonwealth. TELEGRAMS 