WE WANT OUR COUNTRY. xxr. ' It is indispensably -necessary for the moral welfare and advancement of society, that men should both know and feel that they have a country f but it is quite impossible that men should do this under the existing system.' — John Dunmore Lang, D.D., in 'Freedom and Independence for the Golden Lands of Aus tralia.'. A country tor a man to have is land and rights. As to the rights, part of the business, the main point isj of course, a living. Seeing- that a man cannot have any living that is not produced or made ready by labour, the point is, therefore, that he should — as he must consume — be guaranteed the opportunity to produce ; and— as for the sake of justice he must produce — that he should likewise have a vested interest in the result, entitling him (for the sake of justice also) to con sume. Now, a country worth the name will guarantee its citizen the opportunity to participate in its necessary -work of pro viding things to be consumed, and the right to consume accordingly ; but as things are, he is called a citizen, yet has neither of these essentials. We talk of the abolition of chattel slavery. The slave of old might be under a kind or an unkind master. That master could sell him. The only differ ence it made to the slave was that he came under the rale o£ a different person, who might be kinder or unkinder. And now you take, for instance, a ' Union' factory, and, behold, the pro prietor sells out, and the next man at bis pleasure says, 'Take the sack or sack the Union!' The workers haven't the ghost of a vested inte'eat in their own conditions, even under agreement. Their agreement with the employer is purely a matter for himself, not a contract at all. If it were an agreement with a customer, it would be binding on the man who bought the business. That shows you the worker isn't a free and equal citizen who appears in the capacity of a trader dealing in the supply of his own labour. He is merely a chunk of the combined employers' common property. Workers used to be called slaves, now they are called something else, bufc the only dif ference is that, instead of being individual property, they are the property of a class —or in'otber words, ot a sort of vague syndicate — so that the individual em ployer doesn't have to buy them up (being a sharehoiaer, so to speak), but merely to pay out the running expenses on as many as he has in use. ^ Well, what is to alter all that ? Plainly ' the trouble is that the worker hasn't any vested interest in his own livelihood. Consequently he has got to get it. Now the only way that a vested interest can be got is to give to the moral (or im moral, as the case may be) interest behind it the force of law. . How is the worker's interest in his own livelihood going to be secured to him in practical possession with the force of law ? The plainest way is this : he 'is already a partner in the State, such as it is ; let the State, therefore, be made an organisa tion for carrying on the means of liveli hood. If you. were a member of a theatri cal company, you would have a claim on it for a job, and a share in the results through all the changes of programme. fBeing a member of your nation, you (should Have a much bigger claim to- help #??'.- ? ? ? ?'?.?? ?'..??- i in the nation's work of creating supplies, ?and to enjoy your share in the supplies, all along through thick and thin. But, anyhow, if the public are too lazy to organise a proper sort, of State, they should Bet their conscience forth in legis lation to affirm that the worker has some sort of a property in his livelihood which it is merely robbery to take away from him, the same as it's robbery lor me now to go to Sargood, for instance, and say, 'Look, here, Sargood,- -I. can't afford to let you have that so ftgbod's biz. any longer. Take a week's notice, and after that I'll put the capital into my own name and the returns into my own pocket.' , Vou see, Sargood has a vested interest in his living, because it's Property —you haven't a vested interest in your living, because it's only Labour — and that means he owns the business of using his capital in the customary connection, whilst you don't own the business of using your own muscles and brain in the customary connection. You can't say to Sargood, ' After Monday week I am going1 to give jour customers to another firm.' Yonr employer can say to you, ' After Monday week1 I'm going to give the customers, whose work you do, to another workman, and leave you without an occupation !' Is this what it is worth while living under one flag for rather than under another ? The flag- 1 acknowledge is the one that will mean my vested right to my living, and np-to-date it doesn't ap pear that any political combination called a nation, state, or colony, or any such name, has starred to fly it. Conse quently, Lpan't-8ee,,that I have a country yet, bu^dc^pnla1 like- to have one in Vic. 