11 Stlliiio.s. ? 'Stumps,' us he was called In Dos serlmid, whs a favourite with criminals and— the police. He li.ul n bright j,,k0 ..ln,i a ,kinclly word for all aliko ; Ilo one lia,i ever seen him cross, of known 111 in do a inca.li thln«. -Oil I ]fll*O11 hllllnr «,Mi-.,i 1.1. „ it. ... ? . ? *?-'-*, 1,111111(1 MIIIJ, llSlOIlIll? tO his yarns ; the lassos always stopped to banter with him ; while ni.uiv a night round the do-s-house. tiro he \v.i« the life of the wrefdicrt-Iookinjr «roup «« In lltient, picturosqne laiiKiiiiffo he told ghost tales ami fairy legends of his native County Clare,' making the inouehers forget their hunger, their suf ferings, their despair ; and when lie had money he was royally gone.rous ne treated everyone he came across ' Bodad, that fact alone bothrays nioi kingly lineage' (Mike was descended from an ancient Irish sovereign), lie once said to me, lialf- nicfully. ' Shure I m mvct so happy as whin disposing bounties.' Indeed, I Imve known 15s last :hlni but two days, though he always slept in a doss- house, and the only solid food that passed his lips (luring that space was onions and tripe for fliippor, and a couple of carrots as Ji midday meal. 'My digestion, you eee, Is peculiar,' he confided on one occasion to a magis trate, after receiving a sentence of fourteen days; 'It seems to cotton to nothing but drink.' : 'Could you not take the ple^e, and would not some one help you to keep it ?' aslced the functionary of justice who, 1 am sure, in his 'heart, saw the futility of these repented consignments to gaol. Mike ruffled his rough red hair, and a gleam of amusement darted into 3ns eyes; . . . 'May it platae your ludship.' he said, its meself was a sliining loight in the' Salvation Army— fur—fur' two mouths, an' begorra 1 in that toltne if Oi did not merit a silver medal fur tiinner ance.' 'And where is the me-lnl ?' asked' the magistrate. Again -Mi'ke'j eyes twinkled and tne corners of his mouth worked. 'An' you'll belaive me, your wurahip, wlrin Oi came out last toime; from Wie r'si dence you wos so kind as to. send me to fur nioi health, I pawned k fur a dhrop of the- cratur', an' begom ! if Oi didn't folnd flie medal wasn't silver. at- ?in, mil ji«i a common Dit or tin ; Mike's real discomfiture .was too much for those present, and, they laughed as he meant them io laugh and nobody enjoyed his joke move than he did lilnnself. ' But laughing at or with a culprit does not help '6 mend hi3 ways, and Mike's case had a sad side to it.— Kron'i the 'Quiver,' for April. ? 