To-Day’s Events.—Warden’s Court, 2; Eaglehawk Council to open tenders, £5000 loan, 3.30 ; tea and concert, Long Gully, Bible Christian, 6.30 ; Evangelistic ser- vices, Eaglehawk Wesleyan, 7; Ramblers’ Cycling Club, 7.30 ; annual meeting School of Mines, 8; annual meeting Bendigo Rescue Home, Town Hall, 8; annual meeting Mechanics’ Institute, 8 ; Daugh- ters of Temperance, 8; Primitive Metho- dist evangelistic services. Mining Meet- ings.—Bendigo and Coolgardie (Hem- ming), 11.15; Myrthin (Queen’s Hotel), 3.15 ; Lady Barkly (Crofts), 3.30; Ellen- borough (Kirkwood, Beehive), 4.30. The Mining Returns.—The total sent in last week by the local mines amounted to 3899oz 9dwt. This is very creditable for the “off” week, and is due to an improve- ment in several companies that have been somewhat backward lately. The splendid yield from the Garden Gully makes the others look insignificant in comparison. But those from the Hustler’s Reef, No. 1, New Moon and several others are great factors in keeping up the prestige of the district. The dividend lists of late have also shown a material improvement, and when the total of £9372 9s 6d was an- nounced on Saturday there were some very smiling countenances to be seen. The chief contributors were Garden Gully, 860oz ; New Moon, 238oz 17dwt; Hus- tler’s Reef No. 1, 201oz 12dwt; Koch’s Pioneer, 187oz 4dwt; Spring Gully, 190oz 5dwt; South New Moon, 169oz 4 dwt; Great Northern, 149oz; Great Ex- tended Hustler’s, 114oz ; Lansell’s Comet, 111oz 5dwt; and Great Central Victoria, 110oz. The Weather.—On Saturday and Sunday the weather was quite balmy and sugges- tive of Spring. Many people yesterday availed themselves of the opportunity of culling wild flowers in the bush. The readings at Mr. J. B. Edwards’, Pall Mall, on Saturday, were :—9 a.m.: 45deg. 12 a.m. : 57deg. 3 p.m. : 54deg. 6 p.m. : 52deg. Minimum : 41deg. Maximum: 60deg. Barometer.—9 a.m.: 29.50 inches. 6 a.m.: 29.35 inches. The Fifth Battalion Inquiry.—The select Parliamentary committee appointed to inquire into the disaffection in the Fifth Battalion, resumed its sitting at the Warden’s Court at 9.30 a.m. on Saturday. There was a considerable attendance of the public, who manifested a keen inter- est in the proceedings. Two “non-coms.” and three privates were examined, and at 11.30 a.m. the board rose. The chairman announced that the committee would next sit in Melbourne, and possibly might re- turn to Bendigo. A report of the evidence appears elsewhere. A Melbourne Detective Shot.—A startling attempt at the murder of a well- known detective was made in Melbourne late on Friday night. At that time Detec- tive-Sergeant E. O’Donnell had occasion to go into the Exhibition Gardens, it is supposed in search of a suspect, when two shots were heard fired, and passers-by running into the reserve found the detec- tive with a bullet wound in his neck and a second in his right arm. The officer when taken to the hospital was found to be in a very serious condition. Telephon- ing last night our Melbourne correspon- dent reported that the doctors had not yet made search for the bullet which pene- trated O’Donnell’s throat. They gave him a fair chance for life, but would not allow him to be questioned in any way. In the absence of any statement from the detec- tive no clue has been obtained as to the perpetrator of the outrage. Wanted—A “Tenner.”—Some time ago Mr. Magnus Cohn promised to donate £10 to the funds of the Mechanics’ Institute provi- ded that the committee raised £100 with- in a certain period. That time will be up in a fortnight, but it is pleasing to note that £90 out of the £100 has been subscribed, the last £10 note being donated by Mr. Ro- bertson. Who will make up the £100? It is for a good cause. Impudent Robbery.—On Friday after- noon last the residence of Mr. Albert Jackson, in Edward street, was broken into, the thieves succeeding in getting away with a quantity of jewellery and sev- eral other articles. Entrance was effected by breaking one of the windows at the back of the house, and removing te catch. The house was then completely ransack- ed. The stolen goods comprise a wallet and a pair of gold sleeve- links, belonging to Mr. W. R. Jackson, and a rolled gold watch and silver chain, a gold ring, re- volver and other articles, the value of which amounts to over £5. The matter was reported to the police on Saturday morning, and that evening two men named William Harrison and J. Robinson were arrested by Constable McCarthy, of Echguca, at the instigation of Plainclothes- Constable Taylor, who traced their move- ments to that place. The gold watch had been pawned at Bendigo. The accused will probably be brought to Bendigo to- day. Several other charges are pending against them. An Injured Foot.—A young man named R. J. Bennetts, while getting some fire- wood from the stack at Horwood’s foun- dry, had the misfortune in having his right big toe broken through a log falling on it. Dr. Atkinson set the broken mem- ber. Mining Accident.—Thos. Turner, a mar- ried man residing in Webster street, Iron- bark, whilst working at the Garden Gully mine on Friday night fell off some stag- ing and received some severe internal bruises to his left side. Dr. Penfold, who attended the sufferer, says it will take some weeks before he will again be able to resume work. The Unemployed.—Our Melbourne corre- spondent writes:—A number of unem- ployed had an interview on Friday afternoon with the Minister of Public Works. They stated their inability to obtain work, and in the course of his re- marks one of the men became very offensive, and referred to the Government as traitors. He was told by the Minister not to come again. Subsequently Mr. Graham arranged with Mr. Catani to pro- vide work for a good many of the men. A Severe Bolt.—A cab horse, owned by William Petney, who does duty on the Kangaroo Flat rank, volunteered to show at midday on Saturday that it possessed qualities of pace in excess of the five miles an hour jog-trot for which the common cab horse is so noted. Just as the feed bag was taken from the horse’s head the animal bolted. It successfully steered its way up Mitchell street and along Har- greaves street, where a cabman named Stephen Huddle, in attempting to stop it, got knocked down and run over. The animal now turned down Williamson street in the direction of the Mall, and when it reached the Shamrock Hotel it shied at some boxes that were on the foot- path, and knocked down another cabman named William Symond, who also tried to stay its progress. The wheels passed over his legs above the knees. It had not gone far when some other cabmen, who were near by, secured it. Fortun- ately neither of the cabmen who were run over were hurt. The cab horse and har- ness escaped uninjured. Anti-Woman’s Franchise.— The move- ment for the opposition of Woman’s Fran- chise which has been set on foot by a cer- tain conservative class has begun in Ben- digo. Petitions were open for signatures in several business places in the city on Saturday, and several signatures were obtained. Obituary.—Mr. Matthew Tonkin, a re- spected resident of St. Just Point, expired on Saturday after an illness of several years at the age of 43 years. His mortal remains were interred in the Wesleyan portion of the Bendigo Cemetery yesterday. The funeral, which moved from the residence of Mrs. Gist, St. Just Point, was well attended, and the captain and members of the Long Gully Fire Brigade marched in front of the hearse. The coffin was carried to the grave by four of the members of the brigade. Many floral tributes were received. The service at the residence and grave was conducted by the Rev. R. A. Taylor, and Mr. W. Farmer carried out the funeral arrangements. Fremantle or Albany?—The Premier re- cognises that the promise made by the other colonies concerned with regard to the ex- change of port of call for mail steamers from Albany to Fremantle should be fulfilled, and to-day he telegraphed as follows to Sir John Forrest, Premier of West Australia:—“Re Fremantle, advices just to hand show that the steamship companies will not deal with proposal for extra subsidy for deviation ex- cept through the Imperial General Post Office. This can scarcely be arranged before your federal refe- rendum. In the meantime, I can only assure you that I strongly desire to meet the wishes of West Australia, and will do so if terms asked are reasonable.” City Police Court.—Messrs. Illingworth and Lowndes, Js.P., were on the bench on Saturday. Two inebriates were discharged. Sarah Turner, charged by Plainclothes-Con- stable Taylor with importuning in View street on Friday evening, was sentenced to one week’s imprisonment. Frederick Wil- son was sentenced to three months’ im- prisonment for stealing a pair of boots. On Friday last he was seen to walk up to Wil- liams’ boot shop, near the Beehive, in the Mall, and deliberately take a pair of chil- dren’s bools which were hanging up outside. He was followed by one of the employes and given into the custody of Constable Caul- field. Charles Wust, a young man, 22 years of age, was charged with breaking into the shop of James Ni Gan, at White Hills, on 27th inst., and stealing a quantity of mutton, valued at 35s. He was remanded till this morning. Supreme Court.—The Supreme Court sit- ings at Bendigo commence on Wednesday next. There are only two cases listed so far. Colin and Alfred Thornton, charged with assaulting and robbing a Chinaman named Ah Sing, at Quarry Hill, on July 2, and George Williams and John Blair, char- ged with the larceny of a roll of canvas from Jas. Warren, in Hargreaves street, on the 18th inst. Art Gallery Ball.—The ladies’ committee met at the Art Gallery, on Saturday, Mrs C. Cohen in the chair. There was a large attendance of ladies, who reported that a number of tickets had been disposed of, and that the ball promised to be a social and financial success. The City Poor Box.—Sergeant Kilfeder acknowledges the receipt of £1 1s from the Bendigo Liedertafel, per Mr. A. T. Crook, for the City Poor Box. At the Watchhouse.—Sarah Radley, a well-known character, was arrested by Plainclothes-Constable Taylor and Con- stable Martin in View street on Saturday night, and will be charged at the City Court this morning with importuning. Last night plainclothes-Constable Taylor arrested a woman named Catherine Barry in Rosalind Park for importuning persons passing through the gardens. Obscene Language.— There are two charges of obscene language to be heard at the City Court this morning. Thos. Gal- lagher, one offender, was arrested by Con- stable Galvin in Bernal street about 6 o’clock on Saturday evening. Thomas An- derson’s is the second case, he having been arrested by Constable Killury in Glasgow street on Saturday night. Mechanics’ Institute.—The annual meet- ing of the Mechanics’ Institute is to be held this evening when the report and balance sheet for the year ending June 30 will be submitted. The election of officers for the ensuing year will also take place. Purchase of Army Horses.—In view of the early arrival in Melbourne of the re- mount agent of the German Government to purchase horses for army purposes, the Secretary for Agriculture will be pleased to hear from persons who have suitable horses for sale, giving particulars, so that he may arrange for a visit of the agent on his ar- rival. Export of Produce.—The produce expor- ted through the Government cool stores for the week ending July 28 is of the approxi- mate value of £14,000. Only July 23 the Gulf of Bothina’s cargo included 18,000 pairs of rabbits and 34 tons of butter. The Aus- tral took away 40 tons of butter, 100 cases of milk, and 40,768 pairs of rabbits, and the Woolloomooloo 42 tons of butter and various quantities of beef, mutton, ox tails, poul- try, rabbits and hares. The Mount William Rush.—We have re- ceived an article from Cr. T. Dellar, of Myers’ Flat, on his visit to the Mount Wil- liam rush, which we are compelled to hold over through lack of space. He strongly urges persons in employment to “pause well before leaving a certainty for an uncertain- ty, and not to place implicit confidence in the overdrawn favorable reports which to a great extent are even discountenanced by men on the field, which is admitted to be now overmanned.” Strathfieldsaye Revision Court.—An elec- toral revision court was held on Saturday at the Town Hall Hotel. Cr. Burke (presi- dent) presided. No objections nor claims were made, and the lists were certified to as correct. Government Gazette.—The following no- tifications appeared in Friday’s Government Gazette:—Mining leases awaiting execu- tion—H. M. Sinclair, 28a, Sandhurst; J. K. Scott, 5a 1r 23p; G. Lansell, 9a 3r, Eaglehawk. Victorian Naval Forces—Lieu- tenant John Tracy Richardson to be tempo- rarily in command of the Victorian Naval Forces. Sale of Scrip.—On Saturday Mr. W. G. Bentley conducted a sale of scrip at the Beehive on behalf of the executors of the estate of the late Mr. W. V. Kneebone, of Eaglehawk. The prices obtained were very satisfactory, 100 New Argus bring- ing 6s 9d, and 400 selling at 6s 10d. Catherine Reef realised 3s 3d for 200, and 3s 2d for 100; and 500 Sadowa’s were knocked down at 3½d. Cr. Carolin in America.—Cr. J. P. Caro- lin, writing to the Mayor and councillors from Kenneth Square, U.S.A., on June 25 to the council says : —“I have made ar- rangements to visit Washington for the special purpose of obtaining some copies of all the published works that I hope will be of considerable service to the coun- cil and the City of Bendigo. I am making my quarters here, so that I may send all the goods from here after my return from Paris and London. I intend to procure some photos showing the great contrast between the system of street tree plant- ing here and at Bendigo. As soon as I can got a respite from the hospitality which has been literally heaped upon me since my arrival in the States I hope to collect some information that will interest you. The Miners’ Derby Levy.—In pursuance of a motion carred at the half-yearly meeting of the Bendigo Miners’ Associa- ion on Saturday week, a ballot was taken yesterday on the proposal to increase the levy in case of fatal accidents from six- pence to a shilling. As there were no elections for officers, it was deemed un- wise to put the association to the expense of an election, so the ballot was taken through the stewards. Consequently up to Saturday night only a few votes were recorded. It is expected that the result of the ballot will not be known for two or three weeks, as the vote will not be counted until the ballot is complete. Death at the Hospital.—Kathleen John- son, aged six years, admitted on July 21, died on Saturday from bronchitis. Meeting of Creditors.—A meeting of creditors in the insolvent estate of Michael Frawley, of Mandurang, was called for Saturday, but no creditors being present the proceedings were declared closed. Huntly Shire.—Mr. Jas. Peatling, of Bagshot, announces his candidature for the seat in the Huntly Council, vacant by the death of Councillor Taylor. Victorian Naval Forces.—It is notified in Friday’s Government Gazette that Lieutenant John Tracy Richardson is to take command of the Victorian Naval Forces during the absence of Captain Tickell in China. Mounted Rifles.—The Lieutenant-Gov- ernor has approved of the formation of a company of the Victorian Mounted Rifles at Wangaratta, with detachments at Beechworth and Rutherglen. The new company is designated “J” company. Postal Contract.—The Board of Land and Works has accepted the tender of C. E. Salter at 2d per parcel for the con- veyance and distribution of parcels at Bendigo from July 12, 1900, to June 1902. Enginedrivers’ Association.—Mr. J. Gale presided at the weekly meeting of the association held at the Trades’ Hall on Saturday night. One member was elected and one apprentice passed for the second time. Children’s Books.—“Gum Leaves,” by Ethel Turner, and “The Voyage of the Monsoon” by R. McMillan, are to hand from the publishers, William Brooks and Co., Sydney. “Gum Leaves” is a pleasant collection of fairytales and rhymes, also other stories in Miss Turner’s best style. The book is humorously illustrated in parts and where the subject requires it, the wierd, ghost-like appearance of Aus- tralian bush after nightfall is faithfully depicted by the artist. “The Monsoon” purports to be a collection of sea and land stories for children, but the judicious par- ent who makes it a point to look at a book before handing it over to his boys or girls would hardly approve of the author’s pen- chant for expletives and for forecastle ex- pressions in general. The A.M.P. Society.—The result of the ballot taken in Sydney to decide whether the special meeting of policy-holders in the A.M.P. Society on July 20 shall be ad- journed until October 10 or not was as un- der:—For the adjournment, 13,636 votes ; against the adjournment, 119,047. A meet- ing of policy-holders opposed to the pro- posed extension of the society’s business outside Australia was held on Thursday night at the Protestant Hall, Sydney. Mr. J. Want, Q.C., explained the position, and said he intended to ask for a full plebiscite of members. The meeting adjourned sine die. The first ordinary general meeting of sharehol- ders in the Bendigo Cash Coupon Co. will be held at the Beehive Cafe on Tuesday, August 7, at 8 p.m. The half-yearly meeting of the Bendigo Gas Co. will be held on Wednesday, August 15, at 2 p.m., at the company’s office. Mr. A. B. Harrison, stock and sharebroker, etc., announces that he has removed to office pre- mises in London Bank Chambers, Charing Cross. To-day, at 11 o’clock, at his auction rooms, High street, Eaglehawk, Mr. J. H. Curnow will sell without reserve a grand collection of su- perior household furniture and effects and sun- dries, and at 12 o’clock he will sell a double- seated buggy in splendid order, without reserve. To-day, at 11 o’clock, at their rooms, Messrs. G. H. Hobson and Co. will hold an extensive clearing sale of general household furniture and effects. The list comprises over 600 lots. 