A BABY SANTA CLADS. A STORY OF A CHRISTMAS RECONCILIATION. , Eric Chesterton stoo'd in the typical English man's attitude on the hearthrug, studying its design with more earnestness than it seemed to deserve, seeing it had occupied oxactly the same position ever since they had married, rather more than six yfcars ago. But ho was quite free to think. Vivienne trusted him too absolutely to even want to know, ueioro ne was reaay : ana wns too wise to worry him witli elicitation, even tho most sympathetic, Sho was one of those few women who can 'possess their souls in patience' when their husbands are pre-occupied ; sho was quite able to sit still in her comfortable easy chair while lie thought, without whirring away with those tiresome knitting needles, or rustling away to write invitation to an ' at home' in a fit of pique,' because he wasn't talking to her. And by-nnd-by he spoko. ' I met Fortescue to-dav, Yivio/ine. He saw Charlie last week, and says he never met anyone so altered. He seems to walk through life like an automatic machine — he looks an absolutely pulseless statue. He never smiles, I' Fortescue happened to call about some land transfer lio wanted, or else lie hadn't seen him since he saw him oil to India, and couldn't imagine what had happoned. When they lnid dono business Charlie rang the bell, and handed him over to old Harris just as ho would have done a stranger. But Harris knew Fortescue wlion we were all children together, nnd when he had got him safely, out of earshot of Charlie's study, Fortescue says lie thought tlie poor old follow would liavo wept upon liis shoulder, ' Ho could not do enough to .provide for him, but fairly broke down when he said, ' Oh, but, Mr, Fortescue sir — tho last timo you were here was tho night of tlie ball befoio Mr. Charles went away. And Lady Edith was hero, too, so beautiful and queenly, and Mr. Charles was that proud of her ho could scarcely take his eyes off her. And everyone said what a splendid couple thoy would make— thoy seemed to match i?o woll. And to think that it was here — hero in' his own house, just where i she was to bo mistress within a year that ho should have himself introduced Lord Greystones to her. , ' ' ' And now, sir— more than half the houso is shut up— not since lio came homo have wo had any ladios to stay in tho house even to dinnor— not won the family ladies. Mr. Kenneth won't come back, Mr. Charles won't seo' his wife, As for Christmas — why, thoro hasn't boen a Christ mas horo since, the old master died. The turkeys and such-like' aro given away by the agent just tho sariio, but, as l'ar as party— well, woll, for anything or anybody in the house it ain't to bo thought of 1' ' As Fortescue says, it seems terrible that a sorrow, however groat, should be allowed not only ^o ontirely wreck a mail's , carcor, but . also to completely deadon his whole naturo— his real self, as it were. But I caii't think wliat to do ! Every olfort I have made hitherto has been perfectly fruitless.' _? ' ' '' ' I don't kuow what wo could do eithor, dear,'.', said Vivinne. 'Just now ho seoms ontiroly beyond us. And yet,' I don't know,' she went on slowly, ns though thinking .aloud a new idea, 'nnd yet I don't know v'.iother our. little Esca might not perhaps succeed whoro wo fail. Could' the most hardonod misanthropo resist lior, doj you think 7 Or is it only ' mother-blindness' that makes us think her such a darling 7' This sorrow of Charlje's luis' beon the one shadow of thoir mnrried life. Until ho went abroad nothing had ovbr jarred tho perfect sympathy betwoon tho two brothers. Long ago, as littlo. children, tho big, high-spirited, riotous \- Charlie and tho quiot, largo-oyod younger brother had boon inseparable, and had maintained a ''olium-ship' to which tlio usual brotherly tills woro entirely foroign.. So different, each seemed tlio complement of tlio othor's-naturo. And when Charles .wont to India for a yonr, Eric was road-, mg nara nna sucoqssiuiiy ior mo war, nnu ooin woro engaged to two- sisters as different nstliom solvos. ?' Edith was 'queenly nnd nltogothor glorious in womanly physique ; Vivinne, a' little younger— a dainty, playful morsol ; distinctly, cleverly humorous beyond, tho average of ovori oiiltured woman, yot with n.j'icli fund of tender sympathy nnd earnest purposothat was always 'within call,' if not always overflowing about insufficient matters. 4 \- Tliou Lord Groystone9, liiid courted Edith and won her away from lior absent lovor. Ho had como home as absolutolyi dilToront from the Cliarlos who sailed as could jiossibly bo. Novor ovon. to Erip had ho alluded, (tp tho dream that had vanished— tho dronm that,, discovering it to bo only a dioam, had so completely wrockcd nnd shattered all tho lovo and trust of a richly gonorous mid impulsivo ndturo. ' ; Too proud to accept pity, too roporvod to court sympathy, too thoroughly' a gontlbnian to sneer, yet at ono wronoli ho uprooted all ^regard and lovo of womanhood. , IIo politely tloclmod Brio's ? call to his wedding, and ontiroly ignored tho oxistonco of his wifo — tlio sistor of tho woman who had boon faithless to him. Very rhrely.now did Brio and his wife nllitdo to it between tliom solvos, but both know it ns nn ovor- prosont soiu'ow, though tlioy rocogniscd tlioir iinpotonco to holp.in it. , 1 ' ' How could our Esca do it, dearest? Eric asked, ' She's vory young — soarcoly fivo,' r ; » Yos, I know. But sho can sing hor door littlo hymn through, without a ghost of 1 outof tunonosH and if I oould only mako 'lior undor Btand what slio had to do, I'm curtain I could ?; trust lior; ',to : do-'it. Sho has novor liad tlio 'slightest rebuff, so; 'sho 'wouldn't _ fool ? the /shynosa of it j indeed, I don't think, she would , accept anything as a rebuff, she is so entirelv confiding and trustful. And her dear imagin ative little spirit is so full just now of the Christ mas Child that she would.be telling her uncle stories about it before he knew where he wa« ' ' Poor little soul ! But what do you mean her to do, Vivienne ?' ; ' I mean her to go and be Santa Claus to Uncle Charlie. She shall bring him here to dinner- on Christmas Day, You must take her to the house and then run away and leave her, and she must do the rest. Send a note to old Harris at the same time,. to tell him what we are doing, and to let him' know ejfflfctly what to do with her supposing it should fail,- But it won't fail ? I feel convinced that it won't !' ' . ' But think of the poor little mite 1 Entirely away from everyone she knows— left there, late at night, when she is used to being asleep. And if he, should be savage to her — it would terrifv her past recovery !' ' ' 'Yes— if! But he won't. He is too essen tially a gentleman to be savage ! And no one pretends to say that he is ever anything but frigidly polite, which she would simply construe as so much the more opportunity for herself to talk. No : it will be terrible to let her go, and leave her there ; but I feel sure you can snfely trust her when she understands what she has to do. 1 wonder if he will think her like Edith : most people do, only her eyes are bigger and browner, and more wondering,' ' Well, we'll try it if you thi/ik it won't hurt . her. It would be worth a great deal to succeed.'' Christmas eve was clear and frosty, with snow deep enough to deaden all sounds of wheels along 1 tho country lanos of — — . Inside a well-appointed brougham wero Eric and Vivienne together with tlioir little daughter Esca. Vivienne was woman enough not to back out at the last moment, but she also was mother enough to very much want to. _ - ' Not shy, my dearie, are you 7 Run straight in quick, gild play hide-and-seek everywhere till you find Uncle Chailic, and tell bin} you are his Santa Olaus come to fetch him to come and look at the Santa Glaus surprises you have got for him.' Half-way up the park the brougham stopped, and mother held the little whito bundlo very tight in her arms for a moment, and then rolled her into daddy's arms, and sat very still in the carriage with two oyes that shone very bright. But if the tear-drops fell, thero was no one but the angels to see ; and when angels see the shine of love and prayers in tears, they say something quite different from the commonplace ejaculations of ' Weakemotionnlism,' 'Mcrosonsationalism,' , ' Conventional hysteria.' And, treading noiselessly the old familiar way, . Daddy carried the little girlie in his arms, where she lay very comfortably, looking up nt tho star spangled sky, and humming her ' Twinkle, twinkle, littlo star,'- as she enjoyed the poetry of a night sky sho very rarely saw. It was a typical Christmas sky, full of stars, heralding the birth of the Prince of Peace and tho Child of Love, as He makes His holy advent every Christmas 'Eve in lcith- and-kin reconciliations and kindly deeds of love. .Very soon Eric reached tho flight of broad stone steps, and hold lior in his arms whilo he yearned to the Great Originator of Christmas to whisper Love into tho world again through the littte maid that was carrying tho Christmas message, Thon ho put lior down, by the big frontdoor, and taking out a latch key that lie liad'hevor used' since his wedding day, ho opened it very gently and lifted lior into the warm, softly-lighted hall, and whispered qiiito gaily, jnow run ana nna Uncle Uiiarue, nna give him lots of Christmas kisses, and those lovely violets from mother. I expect he, will bo in thoro,' jointing to the library door. In li moment ho was round at the window of tho butler's pantry, giving a whistlo that lie know old Harris would recognise out of a thousand. In another moment the shutters wero drawn, and tho window thrown up, and the groy headed old man thrust both hands through the bars, almost shouting, in his excite ment, ' Mr. Eric, dear lad !' i ' Hush, Harris ! Look horo; my littlo girlio is in tlio house looking for her Uiiclo Charlie. I've S' st lot her in 'with my old latch-key. Only, arris, for heaven's snke don't lot anything frighten lior. ; if things go wrong , send for me. I've written down horo where to find mo, but .you needn't opon tlio lottor. unloss it is necossary, ;in caso of Cbarlio asking you questions. Good -bye, old fellow,!1'— rand ho was/gone, leaving tho ibid,. man rubbing 'his oyos, .'and 'running his fingers through what little hair lie could find, to convince himself that ho wnsn t asleep — no, nor dreaming — and,' finally, that1' it was Mr. Eric's renl self,'. nnd not his ghost.' , Cliarlos Chesterton wns sitting in 'tlio library as usual. It ^Yns..-lus-'-nlo; to sit thoro each evening from, C till 8, rqadirig and writing, nnd lie still thoro to-night. . Why shouldn't ho bo? It was Christinas Eve, ofeotirso, bilt wlmt was that to him 7 Why should Chnstnias Evo throw him out of (his regular , ways P — it was nothing to him. ' , . ' Whnt dilferonco did Christmas ninko 7 That was just what lio was asking himself os ho sat . there, with his book on liis knoo, faco downwards, for h'b wasn't reading ! Christmas seemed to moan n good deal to most of his mon, ho noticed ; thoy had all seomud full onougli of it whon ho paid them thoir Saturday wages (with a littlo oxtra) on Thursday morning ; and lio lmd soen several of thom that afternoon, shopping with thoir, wives in tho village, with : parcols of such yaried ;shapo that tlioy proclaimed -emphatically tliat, Christmas meant, a good doal to thom. But it didn't to liini ; tlioro .wns no ono to nuiko Christmas scom Christinas to liiui ! ' Thoro was no one to mnlco Christmas, soom, Christmas lo — oxcopt as fur as the fow paltry regulation gifts -was' concerned.,. , ' Tlioro miglit have' blDbn'^nhd; his faco grow hard ns ho thoughlr— and thqii' 0ip liouso would liavo boon homo, and Christmas would liavo boon Christmas ; but- now? But that was, all over — ovor long ago ; and life lias boon deadened - ovor sinco. Tho choristors had boqii down singing carols that.seonibd to bring back each separate Christmas of. his lifo in a flood of memories, lie had sent word down to tho cook that thoy wero to have il good' suppor. And now thoy woro gono, and tlio singing was over, and only an empty silence was loft, And ho sat there dream ing of tlio oniptinoss nnd tho silonoo while stray lines from thoir carols kopt floating uoross and across thoir dream — A littlo child with a lioart so largo , It takes tho wlvolo world in. ' Tlio door liandlo twisted— lio was- sura ho was dreaming— wliat was- that oroaturo ?— a live snowball— n fairy— an nngol— a what? How on earth did slio como 7 ' , But thoro was no timo to wondor more. A .great rusLof bounding pulsing lifo throw, itsolf itpoivdiim -ylth a,great.o^ub(}ranco of joy.,. 1 ?' Unolb Clinrlio/ my Uheie Olibrlie, lots of .Christinas kisaos, and, wumiuio sent you thoio.'' Her arms were rotmd his neck ; hovr she got up there he never knew, but . there she was, smothering him with kisses, nni he couldn't feel anything l»ut soft cheek and white fur, something like a purring kitten, he thought, submitting helplessly to being choked nnd generally rumpled up, feeling in a very unaccustomed fashion that he was by no yneans master of the situation. At last, feeling very much like a Newfound land dog shaking a mouse, he caught her and freed his head as he held her out at arm's length to look at her. ' Oh, do let me give you some more, Uncle Charlie— I've been making kisses for you all day, and I've got lots ready,'' nnd tho two little arms kept reaching out to try and catch that big head that would keep just beyond their reach. ' But stop a minute. I want to look at you. Who aro yon ? , and where do you came from ? Are you a white furry monkey, or a white woolly bear 7 Here, stand down a minute, and let me look at you,' putting her down on the hearthrug in front of him. Even as he spoke, he noticed that there was something tlio mutter with his voice ; it was not his at all, he thought ; stern and still and measured, bijt young and (could it . be 7) — well, it sounded positively playful ! ' I'm not a white furry monkey, and I'm notja whito woollv bear. Mother says I'm a Christ mas angel, and I expect she gave me all . this white fur because my feathery wings wasn't ready. Mother says there are lots of angels, Christmas angels, and some of them does have wings and some of them doesn't, but they all of them lias j hasvto carry, messages wliovver or not. ' And my mummie says I'm to give yon lots of kisses and loves, and that then you're to' give me somo supper nnd put me to bed, nnd that you must be sure to hear mo say my prayer and sing my hymn, and then to-mgrrow you're to tako mo home again, and have dinner with us, arid come and see my dolly's' house and all tho things Santa Claus has brought for me, and all the surprises he lias brought for you as well, 'cause mummie says ho has left all your surprises at my daddy's house for you this Christmas time. 's. ' I ' And, Uncle Charlie, I want to Know, do you think Santa Claus will come down your chimney here to bring me my surprises, or will lie forgot and, take them all to my daddy's house 7 'Cause if he's coming horo I had better hang up my stocking all ready for him, hadn't I 7 You'll show mo where, won't you, my Undo Charlie? Only if he forgets that I am here, and doesn't bring the surprises 'here for me, I think it will be rather dull, when I wake up, and find he didn't come, won't it 7' ' It would, indeed. But I should think Santa Claus would hayo sense enough to find out ! that you're here, and to leave tho surprises in the right place,' looking, furtively round as he spoko to see what in tho name of wonder ho could find tliat would answer as Santa Claus surprises. ' ' Have sense enough' doesn't seem a very respectful way to talk 'bout angels ; and Santa Claus is an angel, you know, so you'd better not offend him, or perhaps. he won't bring you tilings and come and see you ; and mummie says peoples is very sure to bo very unhappy that doesn't have no Christmas angels to como nnd see them. But don't you fink it's time you gived mo somo supper, 'cause I do feel so hungry 7' It nover occurred, to tho master of tho liouso, who generally reigned in. undisputed sway, that tlioro was anything to do in tlio matter but ' to submit to the inevitable' and accept the pro- | gramme tlie baby before him dictated. He couldn't do anything else, . lie didn't know how to and, as a matter of fact, lie was too interested in the present to be, at all curious either as to past or futuro. Ho vaguely realised that ho couldn't dispute with hor ; sarcasm and frigidity woro not fit weapons to fight her with, and ho was taken so at unawares that ho had no timo to get others ; in his heart he was glad he hadn't. Ho would liavo fought if, ho had been prepared, but now he had a justifiable reason for giving in. . 'Yes, of courso. Shall I take off that big coat 7— Jet me try 1 What a dear littlo snowball you look ! Did your mother dress you liko this on purpose to bewitch me ?' And tho big white fur pelisse and bonnet ' (with tho aureolo of wayward golden curls), and , tho whito shoes and gaiters, and gloves mado - lior a vory fascinating Christmas Baby Angel ; but whon lie gently disentangled her from all hor big covers,, and saw her standing thero in littlo white shoes and'open-worked socks, and a dainty little whito silk frock 'with its fluffy lace - frill round the neck, and its dainty pinafore, with I hor plump littlo noek and arms bare, and all tho bowildoring tnnglo of , curls sot free, somohow, boforo lio know it, lio had caught hor up again to tako his turn at tho kissing. j And mother would liavo folt rewarded for 1 hours of stitching — each stitch stitching in a prayer and a pulse of lovo as sho had sat long tho night boforo trying to finish it to help for ward tho workings of tho Christmas plot — —if she could havo seen thom then. , Just then old Harris announced, ' Dinnor is served, sir,' and for a momont Uncle Charlie folt disconcerted. Harris lifted up his hands' in well-feigned a'stonishinont, and Unclo Charlie rathor sheepishly inquired who had lot tlio child in. - 'No ono, sir, I'll bo bound !' said tho old man. ' But bloss mo, sir, if it ain't Mr. Eric's . little ono— slio's tli^t5 liko liim. How did you1 got horo, my donrio ; how did you come 7' | ' My daddy brought me,' and ho lot mo como , in, and told mo to como and find my Unclo | Oharlio ; '-that's how I camo I But now I want my supper.' , ? i 'But whoro's your daddy now, my doar ; . wl.nw. ,1i,1 lin ffn 1' V 'Oh, lio's gone liomo with muramio — but I do want my supper.' ' Havo you any ordors about hor, sir 7' , '? No. Sho can't bri' sent homo at this time of night. ? Sho -\Vill liavo to stay, I suppose.' / ' And ho lifted lior high on his shoulders and walked off to tho dining-room. Ho didn't oat muoh dinnor, for ho could hardly take his oyos off tho littlo ono bosido him. He was so anxious lost ho should givo lior tho wrong food, lest sho should eat too muoh, lost lio should givo hor too littlo. - j And vory soon thoy went baok to tho library, and Unclo Oharlio found tlio ' putting to bod dilemma' confronting him with gront solemnity. Ho consulted Harris, and finally decided on drawing a Bofa closo to his bodsido, and making it comfortable with cushions. Harris just vontured to suggest that perhaps cook would Icnow how to undress her, and would have her iia bed with her, but Unclo Charlie gloworod nt hiin, and remarkod, ' She'll sloop with no ono tut me, tlmnlc you.' Ehcu, who had boen meditating quietly, with lior list, cuddling the loot of a crossed knoo, ilionglit this too linvfl on tho old man, and olimoxed tho situation by saying to him in n -confidential nsido, ' I shall bo able to teach him, you know. I dare say he'll soon learn.'- The long latent sense of humour was aroused, and old Harris had the joy of hearing his master laugh as he had not laughed for years, and as he had ceased to hope ever to hear him laugh again. At last the two men succeeded in building a bed that tho damsel was pleased to approve, and Uncle Charlie sat down to undress lier. But now the nightgown difficulty had to be settled, and it seemed much more serious. After various suggestions that she promptly repudiated, Harris was despatched to try and borrow one from the gardener's or tlie coachman's wife, while Uncle Charlie set himself to grapple with the strings and buttons of a baby that would romp. But ater a whilo tho little petticoats and socks were drawn off, and she grew quiet and ! dreamy sitting-there in his arms before the fire waiting for a nightgown. She was, like a kaleidoscope to him in lier quick variations of mood and manner. Now a_ riotous romp, smothering him with hugs and kisses ; now over joyed with fun and mischief nt his mistakes and dilemma ; now laughing with witching merriment as she made him play ' hide and seek' with her ; then snuggling close into his arms and whispering with touching wistfulness, ' Wouldn't it be nice if my daddy and mummie wero here, too, Uncle Charlie 7' then looking through him with big, mnf. av-is all closed to evorvthinir bnt those clear visions so freely given to the pure in heart, but only to them. , , Presently she insisted on his drawing the curtains and, shutters, and lowering the gas, so that sho could seo the stars. And lie rolled her up in a big wrap and went and sat where she could lie in liis arms and look out at the stars at tho same time. Every moment she seemed to grow tenderer and sweeter, and ^presently sho knelt up on his knee, and putting her arms round his neck began to say her prayer ' Pray God, bless my dear daddy and mummie, and my baby brother, and my Uncle Charlie, and ^ right on for ' kind frienc|A.' and ' little children, and ' poor people, ana all tho doggies- and dicky-birdies,' &c.; A little child with a heart so large It takes the wliolo world in. came floating across his memory again out of the carol the choristers had been singing, and at all events it made him feel warmer to know that flinrn wns: rnnm for him in tliat little clliid S big heart. 'My Uncle Charlie, I want you to show me which is the ' Guiding Star.' ' ; _ ? _ , He was getting into iwconfusion about Christ mas angels and Christmas stars and Christmas children. He thought within himself that he was holding the ' Guiding Star,' in his iirms. 'Now, shall I sing my hymn about tho Christmas Baby Boy. And quite true and steady the little voico began and held on its way through the dear old carol— ' / Come to the manger of Bethlehem ( A sweet child lies therein. A holy child came down to earth To save the world from sin. ? A little child with a- heart so large It takes the whole world in. But tho heart of tho world is far too small To take in that little child ; It sends Him away ; there is no room For His face, so sweet and mild. Thoy would turn Him out if they ojly could To the storms so rude aud wild. Como to the manger of Bethlehem ; Never mind tlio frost aud tho snow. ? Wo will think of tho child, and tlio thought of Him ' Shall warm us as we go, ' Wo will kisB His holy hands and feot . . ' . Almost as she sang the last lines in her quaint baby's voice littlo Esca fell asleep. ? Somohow the anger and the bitterness died out of Charles Cliesterton's heart as lie sat there gazing out into tho Christmas night witlr that baby-heart pulsing warmly, against his in its quiot sleep. .He found there was lovo in* his heart aftor all ; lio had thought , it, crushed out. for ever, but it was still thoro, and whoro lovo is God is ; for lovo is God, and where love is there is tho power to forgive. Ay, even Lord Grey stonos and the woman who had broken her troth him . I Presently, old Harris camo back bringing tho borrowed nightgown that belonged* '? to the gardonor's littlo girl, and Unclo Oharlio said, ' Yon can bring my coffee up hero — I shan't come down to the library again.' And the old mau loft him 'to nurse the sleep ing child — to dream out his dreams, and to fight out his battles. And wlion the midnight bells chimed out, they chimed on tho old, old story told anow of ' Peace on- earth' goodwill among mon. Presently sho stirred, and Uncle Charlie had to learn by experiment how to put a baby into a nightgown. But lio did it successfully, and laid hor down in her improvised bed, and hunted up Santa Clans surprisos ready for the morning. Not vory long aftor, ho had just settled down himsolf, but was still awake wondering if tlio child was sleoping properly, when lie felt some thing scrambling about his bed, ,and finding tho whoroabouts of his faco nt last, two- littlo hands pulled at tlio . clothes to mako a way in, and tho littlo voico whispered, 'My Unclo Charlie, I think I, fool lonoly here all by myself, „I think I should bo nicor in your big bed.' By no means unwilling, lio helped her find tho way in, and sho snuggled down, in his, arms saying, ' Thero, now, that's nice nd comfy. 'Havo you soon Santa Claus como yetv my Undo Oharlio 7' and went to sloop till morning. . Christmas morning dawned. And Undo Oharlio woke to find his littlo Christmas angel dancing round arid round'tho three sides of tho big bed braiidishing a tall peacock's foathor in each hand, and shouting, 'I'm so happy, I'm so 1 happy,' to a littlo tunc of hor own ' imposing,' tho littlo baro toes keoping up' a pas do soul of their own, that was norio tho less fascinating because it was uututored. Arid much was tho rioting and romping boforo either tho man.or tho littlo child whs ] ready for the break fast old Harris had sot ready., ' And after breakfast thoy wpnt liomo, and Vivionno and Erie had taot enough to take it all as a mattor of courso, and in all tho fun and frolic of tlio.. children's ' morry OHristmasing' Undo Oharlio soornod to slip baok into hia old solf.: ' ' ?' ?? ? .':v V. ? After toa, whon it was getting ncur tlio snow ball's bodtimo, ha asked ' Vivionno to sing tho 1 old carols again. ' And Erio nnd Vivionno wero satisfied with tho full fruition of their plan. A woll dressed young woman in Buffalo rooontly ontorod tho polico station, having in ohargo a drunken Indian, whom alio had found on tbo street, and whoso hauda had boon ooourod with hor bolt. THERE'S NO FRIEND LIKE AN OLD FRIEND. — IIo will iilwtiyn help you in timo of nowl It !h tho naiiio witli Chamborlnin'u Colic, Cholera, and Diarrheal Remedy. It in an old and tried friond in many thouunndu of homed, and like othor old friondH can alwfiyu bo depended upon in timo of nyod. For sale by W. G, Lu'mcomii, 'Went Maitland, and D. \- List, Eaofc Maitland, Price, lo (id and 2# Gd. 