Both Tarred with the Same Brash, [Bt J, W.B.] II.' There was much private discussion of tbo question, as I have said. The church .party swore that MisB Doddler had been filched by Shalmaneser Simkin. The , chapel party retorted tbe accusation with equal vigour. Tho public houso interest sided lustily with ' Felicia for publicans, knowing on which side their bread is buttered, do not love tho sectaries, among whom ' Uobbett was pro minent. The teetotalers at onco declared for ' Cobbett,' on the same principle ; for thoso who are sworn to ' touch not, taste not, handle not' are among the roundheads rather than the cavaliers. The rector thought it highly improbable that Miss Doddler should havo purloined tho laurels of Shalmaneser' Simkin, and intimated that the traditions of literature were most certainly not in tho keep ing of tho Schismatics. Tho minister of tho Bethel, a more charitable man, hoped that neither of them had been a pilferer, but that both bad independently hit upon pretty much tho same turn of thought, and shape of stanza. Bnt the fullest expression of both public and private opinion was reserved for tho Banner and the Bombshell, respectively Tho Editor of each of these sheets was also its owner, and this fact constituted a double inducement, not to lot bo rare a chance of ' copy' slip unim proved away. This was tho summing up of tho whole matter, and the last of a series of articles on tho subject, by owner-Editor Bodge, of the Bftnner : 'THE TABI.ES turned' V. 'TIT FOR TAT,' This controversy has at length reached its crisis. We must onco moro express our vast surprise that any persons of sound mind should for one moment fail to soo that the ' Tit for Tat' of Cobbett' is an unblushing plagiarism from ' Tho Tables Turnod' of ' Folicia.' The thing was stolen right out, and thon mangled to somo extent, to throw suspicion off tho scent. Could anybody, not uopelossly vulgarised by tho narrow, un generous views of dissent, fail to contrast the classic breadth and repose of Miss Doddler's quatrain with the Gothic thinness and unrest of Shalmaneser Simkins ? Which, wo ask, is tho likelier — that Folicia' should steal from 'Cobbett,' or 'Cobbett from 'Folicia?' Must wo descond to particulars? Then to particulars lot us descond ! Could a stanza containing such noblo Latinisms as ' mater's arms' and 'strong pater' possibly havo been stolon from a barbarian, who revels in suoh pothouse epithets as 'old dad' aud 'tough old bender?' But enough of this, and moro than enough. Why sook any further to provo that tho sun shines in tho sky ? We fool sorry for tho misguided bungler who directs the (mis)fortuues of tho Bombshell. His advocacy of tho nonconformist counterfeit iB his crown ing mistako and dishonour. For ourselves, wo doclino to discuss tho mattor any further in our columns. It would bo simply a waste of good ink and paper. We are glad, how ovor, boforo closing this paragraph to announcq that ' Folicia's' many admirorB are about to prosont hor with a public testimony of thoir unshaken osteom and admiration. Owner-Editor Budge, of the Bombshell, bad not failed to keep stop with his rival, of tho Banner. Article for artiolo had appeared right along, and this was tho Bombshell's latest and last bulletin : 'TIT FOR TAT' AGAINST 'THE TABLES TURNED.' As we como out a day lator than our (woakly) rival, wo havo the good luck of - tho last word. And this last word, wo shall uttor in our usual plain stylo. For our own part wo do not think much of Latin aud Greek words, aud nevor uso a foreigner when wo -jan find ono of homo birth ready to our hand. ' Crisis' is but a foreign makeshift for 'turning point;' 'plagiarism' for ' thought aud word thievery.' Wo will not say any moro on this point just now, but go on to show that ' Folioia's' ' Tho Tablos Turnod' hns, for a suro thing, been stolon from the ' Tit for Tat' of ' Cobbett. ' Mnter,' ' pator,' instead of ' mother,' ' father.' nro about as plain a proof of a born fool as any that could bo found. And is it tho moro likoly, wo nsk, that tho briugor-in of such brainless words should steal from a racy native, or be stolon from by him ? Doos John Bull go to Rome and Athons for English words, or do thoy como to him for tho samo ? Such questions answer thomsolvos, For our soIvob, wo own up to boing liopolessly vul garised by tho narrow, ungouorous ' viows of dissent,' aud havo not a little bit of awisli to know what ' classic broadth and ' roposo' moan, Indeed, if 'Folioia's' 'Tho Tablos lurnod shows forth thoso points, we havo a m , , ' d lu'«u nor, io Know thom, ' Tit for iat spoaks for itself. Wo do not need to help out such fino old Engliali as ' old'dad' ft' ., .' °ld boudor.' Anything moro striking has, wo make bold to say, li over como out m now s pap or type, and ono buoIi bit is worth a million dressed up jabborings. ' As for tlap words ' misguided bunglor,' ' crowning mistake and'dishonour,' etc,, wo bog- to hand thom baek to tho saploss tapoworm who always measuros othors by himself. Wo do not want to rob' him of personal effects ho can bo ill sparo. Wo fool suro that lio has taken up thoshnm, 'Folioia' bocausoof that Follow fooling (whioh) lnalcoa ono wondrous kind. Wo, on tho other hand, havo takon up the truo 'Cobbott' for a Bimilar roason. Wo aro sorry that wo cannot invito him to tho dinner shortly to bo given in honour of Shal manosor Simkin, for tlio roason that its getters up aro dealing in none but gennim artiolos. Tlio ban quots folio wod' oloso upon 'tlicso editorial summings up and amonitioH, taking in MisB Doddlor's oaso tho form of a t'oa party, and in Sjialmanosor Simkin's thai of tlio moro litoral thing.' Miss Doddlor's came 'first.'' It mot in , tho olutroh ' houso,' 'included both sexosj arid was presided over by tho rector's1 wifo— -li good-iiattn'od, but liinitocl, lady, whoso reading in pbfitry wa's bounded by ICoblo and1 Miss Havorgal nud who, with the usual oloso logic of hor so^, was convinced that English litoraturo and tho English Church wero ono and tho samo thing, Aftor pilqs of meat pies, fruit tarts, sjindwichos, spongo cakes, etc., had ^vanished with surprising swiftness, taking ihto account tho unwilling lo'okjof!: their par takers, as though , by 'way of protest against suoh groflB vanities on suoh nn oBtliotio oooa sioa— aftor this painful duty had boon por- formed with exemplary thoroughness, the fol lowing address was presented to Miss Doddler. It was framed, nicely illuminated, and ran as follows : To Miss Mary Ann Doddler, better known in Literary Circles by the now. de plume of '.Felicia,' We, the undersigned residents of Bo lington, representing, as we believe we do, all that is best in its religious, political, social, and literary life, be^ to assure you of our continued confidence in your literary genius, and to congratulate you on your latest and best tffort — a masterpiece indeed. As to your base rival and counterfeit, we leave him to the present scorn of all whose suffrages are worthy ; and to the future infamy of Ire'and, Lauder, and other notorious forgers in literature. We are proud of having in our midst the true_ suc cessor of Mrs. Hemana, and feel assured that neither Mrs. Browning nor Miss Ingelowwould hold lightly so illustrious on addit.on to their visiting list. Signed, on behalf c f ourselves and many, many more : Mary Driver, the Rectory James Tummer, Solicitor Reuben Rocket, M.P. (Borough) Hannah Hickins, Church Teacher Emmanuel Bodqe, Owner-Editor of the Banner, This address was generally supposed to bo the composition of Dr. Driver, and was pass ing enough, save the slight anachronism con cerning Mrs. Browning, who was no longer in the land of the living. But as something of a ghost of a doubt haunted his mind as to tho genuineness and authenticity of ' Felicia's' masterpiece, ho, with something of that wis dom of tho serpent wo are exhorted in Scrip ture to emulate, forobore to head tho signa tories. This, however, did not avail him much, for his impulsive better half committed him hopelessly to the causo and interest of MiBS Doddler. (To be contimied.) 