Citerarp CftiKftat The Bulletin company has added to its Australian library Castro's Last Sacrament, and other stories, by Albert Dorrington, and the collection, heavily spaced and printed on thick paper, makes a goodsized volume. All of these stories have found their first audience through the ^Bulletin pages, and for their general cleverness and neatness deserve the present issue. Donington s stories are models in the way of sustained interest, there is no waste of energy in the incidents depicted, and after reading they leave a feeling of satisfaction and a desire for more. A Bush Tanqueray is one of a number of stories which will appeal to dwellers in the back country. From the variety and excellence of the stories Castro s Last Sacrament deserves a cordial welcome from the book-reading public. The same co. is shortly to. produce A Rose of Regret, some verse by James Hebblethwaite. Anthony Hope, in his latest production. Quisante, shows none of his old brilliancy of dialogue or character-sketching. This •effort is a novel without a hero, and the chief character, Quisante, is pictured as an adventurer and a genius, but he never seems to get much scope in the pages. In fact, Quisante shows neither his cleverness nor amusing powers, and the only thing to recommend the book is an occasional smart turn in the dialogue. Max Pemberton has another strong story in The Footsteps of $ Throne, and with the author's usual bustling methods the reader is taken to Russia, and filled with large slabs of interesting adventure, •Of course the heroine is a beautiful girl —did vou ever read of a heroine who wasn't" beautiful 1—and this one, having made* drakes with her fortune, gets banished to Moscow, and the inevitable Britisher happens along, and swishes on to the Princess. The usual matrimony happens, and everything ends peacefully —an incident, no doubt due to there being no Nihilists on this Pemberton 30b. However, The Footsteps of a Throne car ries an exciting story. Anstey's Brass* Bottle, now runnina through The Strand, has got into book form, and those readers who desire a cheerful companion for the holidays, wiU here find the ri£ht meat. These aic •very delightful pages, and the supernaiuil foolings and perplexities of^orace Ventimore, the architect, whom the story circulates round, is all given with excellent humor. I have not had the pleasure ofjeading Gilbert Parker's new work, The Lane That Had No Turning, but a London note tells me it is the best thing he has done^ Parker is a forceful writer, he puts his •characters before you with such.clever realism, and chains you from start to finish. One of his short stones-and as a short story writer he is oneofthefin- •est living—will appear in The Critic c Xmas number, which will be issued on December 11. Miss Braddon's literary mill seems to have no bottom. Her most recent book is The Infidel, having for ^asis the episode of Thornton, an-unftlocked priest who becomes an audacious infidel and trains his daughter as a freethinker. 3 blase lord, who considers marriage the % of heir' fixes his bad eye on the ; girl, and wants her to join forces with him. But she objects, and a couple oi years afterwards his lordship, when 011 his deathbed, marries her 'because she is the one woman who would not be tempted. Before he got over the border he extracted a promise that she would never love another, threatening if she did to,haunt her with his angry ghost. The love motif again. gets mixed up when a young married curate converts the duchess to district visiting. However^ the love story does not work out well, and the writer hasn't time to pursue the foolish curate any further. There's plenty of solid reading, in The Infidel, with much to recommend it. In the Potterer's Club, by Lacy Hillier. the hero cyclist gets a turn, and the story develops a detective aroma and a few other attributes that go to make the sensational in fiction. The Quarterly Record for November contains matter oT interest to amateur photographers, and also a capital print, In Leisure Hour. Mr. Harry P. Gill contributes some notes on the recent exhibition held by the S.A. Photographic Society, which should be of interest to exhibitors. Mr. Simpson Newland's Blood Tracks of the Bush is a very gory-eyed story of back and mining country duplicity and murder. The interesting and excitingincident develops in England, and then is transferred to the squatting country of the way back, fills in its period on the station where the inevitable woman becomes the main exploiter of the drama, and then branches out into an exploring expedition for certain gold treasure. The description of this hazardous journey, with its misfortunes and murder, is graphically told, and the reader is then taken to a mining camp where one scoundrel meets his deserts, and flie other villain steals his fortune, and returns to England just in the nick of time to buy back the ancestral home. How the story ends would be giving away too much, but it is enough to' know that Mr. IsTewlarifl arranges an artistic and eventful, finis for the two main characters. Roland Bishop photo., Melbourne. Miss Price. Miss Clarke. Mrs. Maudsely. Lady Wrixon. Lady Clarke. Mrs. Price. Helpers at the Whernside (Toorak) Garden Fete. 