Dlstinguldiel Exfles. Sometimes yon will meet men who bring up scenes that areof the past and are [almost forgotten. They bring up Did memories—old ghosts of the past, as it were. It is bnt a short time ago that I saw Oakey Hall, in Iiondon, and what recollections ~of New York nnder the reign of Tweed, he brought up! Those were great days for Hall, and for men who were a great deal, worse than he. What a fellow of infinite jest he was, and. what a bright spot he made the Mayor's office in New York some twenty years ago. The older newspaper men, politicians and men about town-will long remember its attractiveless. He would have been a rash man in those days who would have attempted to prophet^- the. Jiei^ht in the ternpfeof f&meitb;' it prophet ooSd foresee that thla gifted and once popular man was to pass this evening of his life practically* in exile in a foreign land, leaving behind him on the field of his early trinmphs nothing bat shattered ambitions. Yet this was to be. In a small cafe in a somewhat unfrequented part of Paris the other day I saw another man who recalled a case the fame of which was world-wide. He was sitting at, a table, seemingly juried In thought of a not pleasant character and oblivions of his surroundings. He had an intellectual face, but on it there were deep lines that told of past sufferings. His long hair was gray—prematurely gray. His shoulders were beat, and there was a moody, brooding look on his face. But he was evidently a tall man, and some years ago must have been a handsome man. As he sat at the table he looked like a strong man borne down by the memory of some great sorrow of the past. Presently he arose and walked out without looking to the right or the left, and then I recognized him, although it has been years since • I saw him before. It was Thecdore Tilton, the once famous editor of the New York Independent But how changed. In the days of his popularity, tall, srect, strong and handsome; now a broken, prematurely old man. He is doing some sort of literary work here, but no one seems to know just what it is. I could not but think, after seeing the man, that the scandal in which this man's life was wrecked was more than * mere scandal. It was, in fact, a tragedy. The circle of the chief actors in it is narrowing. The greatest of them is dead, so are others, among them some of the lawyers and several of the jury. One of the lawyers, Benjamin F. Tracy, is in the Cabinet of the President of the United States. Llrs. Tilton is more fortunately situated than her hnsband, for she has the company and sympathy of her children. Bnt Theodore Tilton haunts out-of-theway places in Paris, seeking neither friends nor friendships, miserable tnd broken man. "Ah, Jennie, I understand you are going to marry a second husband," said Mrs. Marry well to Jennie, who had chosen a widowet. " Yes, but I'm a ready maid, - you know, and so the combination won't be so very bad," iiwfeporidfv^ Jeiima: . • - " Art«cannot improve nature," mid a 1mturer. " If .that's so, J 'exclaimed .an auditor,- " please tell us how you would look without your wig and false teeth ?" The anger of the lecturer was drowned by the roar of laughter which followed this sally. Miss MacBean—"No, I don't believe in these isms. I once knew a man who was sent to prison for devoting his time to one of them." Miss Jones—" What terrible laws you must have in Scotland 1 What was the ism?" ''Incendiarism." r-\ First Parrot—"Eicusei me, that is my apple." Second Parrot—" Bag your pardon, it's mine." Monkey—" I don't like to interfere in an argument; but I must say you are both wrong," as he stretched out his paw and claimed it himself. . Prospective father-in-law—" Before I consent to you marrying my daughter, X should like to know if yth have any staying qualities in business." Suitor—" Wellj I should say X have. I began at the bottom of the ladder several years ago and Fve stayed there to this day." Mr. Lawlimb (a boarder)—" Mrs. Jinx, may I ask you whether that was tea or coffe* that you brought me last night?" Mrs, Jinks—"Why?" Mr. Lawlimb—" I merely wanted to say, in case it was coffee, I will take tea in the future; bnt if it was tea, I should prefer coffee hereafter." Spooner (trying to play a tramp card)— 1 D'you know, Miss Startup, when I passed your place last evening, I heard some one singing so lovely. It was quite angelic.**' She —" I was at the theatre last night. Mrs. Gilligan and her twins were at our house visiting the cook.". A good story is told ^of Rosenthal, the pianist. Silote, one of Liszt's favorite pupils, sent Rosenthal a note announcing the birth of his first daughter, adding, " She is alreadj f6ui.ij^ksj<^n and»cannot play, the piano. Bem&Kable;, isn't it r' Rosenthal replied— " Nothing remarkable, about that. You are thirty-two and can't play." , , "The editor down the street," writes a Kansas editor, with withering soorn, " should go to school during the winter months, so that he could learn' something about grammar. We have seen^ba^ latere, hejfan^ but we have never seen one*'who' could* crowd so many grammatical erralum in a single sentence." v She had auburn hair and he^Wanted to sa; something very cutting, so he observed, " In some towns they fight the streets with redheaded girls." She replied, " TJiat would never do in your town." Why not ?" asked the young fellow. ; " Because' you'd be hugging the uxop posts all day, as well'as. half the night," was the crushing reply. They were talking of names. ' " I-hAte iha name -of Smith, don't you, Miss Ethel 1" " Indeed I do, Mr. WaQfitreet. it: were mine I'd change it." .'""What to"To WaUstreet,perhaps, if I got the £hance." And then.Mr, Wallstreet remembered that it was leap year, blushed, and told Miss Etbc! die would have to Aak his mamma.". _ rnoi'EssioNAL.beatitto hot^-pt^rie 1 lor)—Is there-any dahger-of fire 'hetel' ; Proprietor.rr-Not if" yba settle^ for yoiti : Ooa«d?in'advance:-"'' • A GOOD hotel clerk wili /rroiii; ^ stuttering man" aid have lus baggage seiit up before th,e ( flew,-»amvBl jhasj ifcime, to tell what sort of a front room he must I teTS-r• ' -1 Pat—The windys ii this shbp life bo ' dnrty Oi cant^e -put' ; thihi/ : Fote-' maA-^Wmf ^bf 'don't yon- &ise; : die ^ ^nndd^tL ; durty \ ... j- ; t .w j •;• -..T .1 ',!.! j i i . t 