Mr, Ewing and the Oane growers. 'A Caneguowek,' in the Ballina Beacon, thus deals with Mr. T. T. Ewing's recent proposal to erect experimental irrigation stations for the canesrowers on the Clarence, Richmond and Tweed, and do other experimental work : — £2000 FOR A VO IE. to have roferonco to M'Kinloy's election. It, however, has no bearing on the American elec tion, but alas ! it is in our Colony of New South Wales and in what is at present supposed to bo tho 'TJnara Electorate.' Hitherto the bribes havo consisted of making supporters Justices of the Peace or placing a person in a govornment billot. But it romnined for Mr. Thomas Thompson Ewing to degrado himself aud to insult tho sugar growers of tho Richmond and Tweod by the indirect offer of £2,000 for their vote to secure his return to the Federal Parliament. The letter published in tho Beacon of Novombor 10th at the request of Mr. Ewing, as having beon sent to Mr. Fogan, is from beginning to end a concocted scheme to secure the votes of the canegrowors. Mr. Ewing has, however, overstepped the bounds of pru° dence and treated an intelligent body of mon to the most puerilo articlo that ovor left his pen . How desperate lie haB becomo ? Surely tho ghost of Meaghor and thab odd individual of Ballina must havo deranged this political as pirant for Federal perquisites and loft him only tho shadow of his concoited solf. How anxious Thomas is to impress on Collier Fegau's mind thoso threo great questions and to got £2,000 placod on the estimates to start pumping machinery for irrigation, ono on the flats of either the Olaronco, Richmond or Tweed, tho other on tho rod soil (lot us hopo it is not at Bexhill.) Lot us ask Mr. Ewing why ho never inndo any offort before, why whon Mr. P. Gillies of Tintonbar wrote to tho press strongly advocating tho placing of an hydraulic ram at the experimental farm, no notico was taken of it? Mr. Ewing, was it that you did not require the cano growers' vote for tho Federal Parlia ment, or were you suffering from the complaint called swollod head ? I must now inform Mr. Ewing that the cano growers can give Mr. Collier Fegan or Mr. Campbell, or any of tho agricultural botches who havo baon pitchforked into big salaries, a long start. Thoy havo been educated in their industry by sove-ro experiences and havo suffered for mistakes and failures while you, Mr. Ewing, have boon rollicking in ease and luxury at thoir exponso, voting for tho sugar industry because you were paid to do so, being seemingly in reality the representative of the Colonial Sugar Co., and while tho growors wore banded together to try and enforce a fair weight for thoir crops, you were content to allow the Woights and Measures Act to romam in abeyance on theso rivers. And now, Mr. Ewing, I will give you a pointer. Instead of pumping water on to land that has cost the farmers vast sums of money and infinite toil (a littlo of which would do you uud the motley crowd you claim as colleagues good) to drain and a littlo extra rain is often injurious, you might havo got a chemist or two appointed on tho farmers' behalf, so that they might know something of tho value of their crops. But, 'Tommy,' you are the re presentative of tho Company only when you want tho cano growers' vote. After you have uboo. loom as toois you win not require them again until tho next olection. In tho meantime you would earmark a fow for political purposes with J.P. This seems to havo beon your prin cipal avocation all your political life, if I excopt drawing your screw. The cauo grower of to-day is not going to bo hoodwinkod or fooled any longer. Ihoir ropresontativo has got to represent thom, and anecdotes and fairy yarns will, with the orator, take a back seat for tho future. Tho Bellinger Oouhieh gives particulars of n remarkable case involving punishment far and away beyond tho onormity of tho offence. It seems that a young man residing at Bexhill, ou tho Riohmond River, had an application boforo the Bollingen Land Board for certain land on tho Dorrigo, but tho application was disallowed simply becauso it had been posted in tho ordinary way instead of by rogieterod letter. Tho unfor tunate applicant oudured two trips from tho Richmond, a tour of tho Dorrigo, and, worse of all, a day or bo at the Land Board, and all for nothwg, because he did not ' register a let ter.' 