CHIPS FROM CHINA. SUPERSTITION AND OTHER THINGS. —“S. A. Register.” Superstition and cruelty are often co partners. Close by the illustrations of torture which have been described is a curious congregation of stalls whose keep- ers are devoled to the service of the gods of healing. The first one we examined had for stock in trade nothing but tigers’ bones, snakes, lizards, and crabs. Lizards are good for some maladies, crabs for ethers and tigers’ bones for still additional varieties: and the presumption is that if you take them all together every ailment known in the pliarmacopea will be dis persed by them—if you should escape from being killed yourself. But what a witches’ hell broth they would make! Near by is a special temple of the god of medicine, and on the day of our visit the birth anni versary of this dietv was being celebrated amid curious demonstrations. ' Some de votees were vigorously fanning him, and tho suggestion conveyed to the democrat’s mind was that the soul of this potentate of the pills must be located in a region where a breath of cool air would be ac ceptable; but the explanation of the exer cise was that the men and women who waved fans were relatives of fever-stricken patients, and the idea was not to benefit the god. but- to take some advantage from him. The belief is that the sufferer from fever, if cooled with a fan which has been used in this way, will be soothed into a re freshing sleep." Some of us pooh-poohed this notion as an example of the benighted superstition of the heathen; but our versa tile guide, who is an omniverous leader of the papers, said quietly—“ You have faith healers in Australia, haven’t you?” I don’t know what he meant. SACRED CURIOS. At another temple we had opportunities of purchasing holy water guaranteed to cause the sick to recover; but, judging by its appearance, it would be more likely to induce the recovered to be sick. Any more nauseous draught of medicine than the average Canton water as we saw it could not be imagined, except by a poet, an auctioneer, or a party politician during election time. Until we had read the pro found scientific treatise which taught that sewer gas is wholesome and a stimulus to the lungs to do their duty, we reflected that the Canton people ought to be taught that it was all very well to trust in charms and incantations and other superstitious fol-de-rols for preservation of the public health, but that they ought to keep their place pure, as well as trust in their gods of healing—all of whom, by the way, look ill themselves. If they would scrub a mil lion and a half of the residents, beginning with the priests, and shovel away or burn a'few thousand odd tons of the accumu lated jmtresceuce of the streets, and gut ters, and houses, they could reduce their drug bill and their offerings dn the tem ples for intercession for the sick whom they have made so by their unspeakable filthiness. We found here, however, as well as later in Japan, in connection with curios, manifestations of demoniacal pos session, some striking instances of the ef fect of imagination in disease not less than in everything else. Regarding the every thing else, a high dignitary of the Church in England told us that one of his bre thren of the cloth was made the subject of a great deal of playful chaffing because of his faith in a certain talismanic offertory plate. This article was sent by an old parishioner from India, and it was com posed of the finest metal and crowned with a beautifully designed oriental scrollwork motto. The clergyman was told that this inscription was an invocation to the Deity to prosper the cause of religion; and he believed, and said he believed, that a po tent charm had been exercised in the church ever since the plate was brought into use. He was, however—and this is where the joke comes in—sadly disillusion ised when an oriental scholar happened to read the magic words—" There is but one God, and Mahomet is his prophet !” Afterwards that platter had to adorn an other sphere. A CANTON FUNERAL. We are startled by a special eruption of noise in the crowded thoroughfare outside the stalls, and we find that a funeral pro cession is appoaching. Men are running ahead of the cortege, frantically shouting in order to clear the crowds out of the way of the deceased, as he takes his last jour ney through the overpowering odors of Canton. It is a poor man’s funeral, and so a good deal of the gaudy display and ceremony regarded as proper to the final appearance in public of Croesus are dis pensed with. At the head of this proces sion come a few Chinamen, one or two grotesquely dressed. They precede a bar row on which are a roast pig, with cakes and confectionery, to be placed with counterfeit money on the grave of the dead man to enable him to start in good condi tion his gruesome journey to the land of ghosts. After the pig trotted a gaily garbed Chinaman holding up a huge un furled umbrella—whether to protect the pig or himself was not explained. Three men in chairs; then a conveyance which held the body of the mortal mourned for; and thus was introduced the chief feature of the occasion—the principal mourner, a son of the deceased, who tottered along as though in the last stages of exhaustion, and was supported on each side by another man. His face was covered with white lead, his aspect generally was most dismal, and so was the intermittent howl which emanated from him, reminding one of the music emitted by the honest dingo on a dimly moonlit night. I have said that this man was the son of the deceased, be cause that is what the guide told us; but often bereaved who are able to command enough money to do so pay professional mourners, because the cries of these men are always more heartrending than those of the friends of the departed. I need not, however, set down here anything more con cerning Chinese funeral customs, because all I know about them has been recorded in the part of these articles which dealt with Shanghai. THE CITY OF THE DEAD. I have already shown that certain kinds of superstitions have a very active exist ence in China, and that they ought in the name of commonsense to be ridiculed. But there are also other superstitions, and these are beautiful aud impressive in their way. After visiting the placid " city of the dead” in Canton—near to, but not within, the cemetery, with its millions of graves which one sees from the city walls— I felt more refreshed morally and mentally than I have been after listening to many a sermon in Christian churches. This quaint place is quite the most poetical and restful exhibit presented to the gaze of the foreign devil. In order to enter it, one has to apply to the keeper of the mo nastery who jealously guards it. The principal door was opened for us with some little ceremony by the aid of a silver key, indicating possibly that even the Chinese substitute for St. Peter may be susceptible to the influence of the white metal. This enclosure might really be better character ised as the antechamber of the dead. The space devoted to burial purposes in Canton —where the customs differ from those! in Shanghai—is so limited and overcrowded that the friends of distinguished spirits have frequently to wait long periods be fore thej" can obtain an eligible piece ; of ground, with a good view find an airy situ ation, in which to complete the : burial. To this end their only hope lies in induc ing some survivor who is greatly pressed with a need of money to sell a tomb to them. Our veracious guide informed us, however, that this is not the only reason for keeping bodies in. the Oriental midway sphere which is known, as "the City of the dead.” We were shown.a huge-coffin—in which were encased the remains of a Go vernor of Foochow—which had been ten years in its present situation, and was likely to remain there indefintely " because his friends were too. busy to' bury it.” The real reason was, I believe, that etiquette required that the funeral rites over the deceased'great-man should be supervised in person by his eldest son, khd the where abouts of that son'were doubtful. • In an other case the body of the father of a Chinaman .in Adelaide had to he kept above the surface of the earth for several years until the son could manage to go to China to inter it-in accordance with tra ditional customs. Tn: iheV whole of this establishment there, was ho suggestion of vulgarity. Everything was clean and peaceful. There was ho rude ostentation, nothing tinselly, not a sign of burlesque. Cells were provided, each of .which accom modated three coffins. Over every casket were incense and tapers always' burning, and some of these tapers, were so con structed as to smoulder for days and’ even weeks without being'rekindled. The cof fins were ponderous, aid some extremely expensive: That, of. the-.. Governor of Foo chow cost between .£250 and <£3oo. It was made of' black : 'laqher ‘more’ than • an- inch thick. The casket Jwas shaped so as to re present the Chinese sign! for, the word lon gevity—a significant —sarcasm;-.-this—like that of the eastern.: conspirator who . ad vanced to a potentate; cried, " O, King, live .for ever!”;and then- stabbed?- him under the fifth rib. STRANGE CHARACTERS. ' - Presenteflyj we .viewed the .famous teprple of the Genii or followers,of Buddha< ,J These figures are all life size, and mostly bo ugly that they might he taken for pictures of devilish ogres.. The guide told us, and so did the guide books, that if anybody looked long enough upon these effigies he would he able to see one representing the exact likeness of his own father; and that the peculiarities of every possible variation of the human face had been carefully indi cated by the sculptor. If I had been my own parent I should have started a crimi nal libel action against the guide, but I was powerless to avenge the deadly insult cast upon my ancestors. If I, had had to choose a paternal relative my suffrages would have been cast in favor of one ex tremely athletic gentleman whose face was wreathed and wrinkled with smiles, whose eyes reminded one of a policeman's lan tern, and who was holding a moon in one hand, and still looking cool and comfort able enough to”have supported a few stars in the other while playing football with the sun. But the character which inter ested us most was that of Marco Polo, the great European traveller, who did so much to introduce the Chinese to the rest of the! world, and who after his death was re garded by the Chinamen as a saint, and treated accordingly. I think that Mr Polo would have chuckled somewhat in decorously—as it is one eyelid seems tre mulous—if'he had been told during his life that he would be known hereafter as “ Saint Polo." But after all, a Celestial saint is not expected to be to painfully holy! TEMPLES EVERYWHERE. We asked for information concerning the number of temples in Canton, and were told that they were legion; but the Chi nese definition of that word differs from the English, as we found on closer exami nation that there were only 125. In addi tion to these means of worship, however, one sees a shrine at nearly all the corners, and at least a little Joss in every house; and there ’3 not one too. many to ade guately cope with the wickedness of the great city of Canton. The smells of the place may offer a reason why incense is continually ascending even from some of the dingiest and most ramshackle dwell ings of the poorest amongst the poor. The temples themselves are gaudy but not beautiful. The Impression conveyed is that of a child’s cheap toy—nothing substan tial ; all veneer. What ornament one does see in the Japanese places of worship is artistic, but in righteous Canton the priests dare not presumably leave any thing valuable exposed for fear lest other thieves besides themselves might act as self-appointed business agents of the gods, and liquidate their estates for them. Still the Chinese resemble the Japanese in one respect at least. They make sacrifices for their religion. A wet day might keep them from a sports meeting, but it would not prevent them from attending the Joss house at the properly appointed times; and they would cheerfully undergo a little starvation so that the temple might have its dues. So hopelessly uncivilised are the yellow heathen!- 