IN A LICHTER VEIN. Miatrigs: ,l Bridge?, what is the clock doing on t he range ?:' Jane : '? Didn't you tell ice rer uuil the eggs five minute* by the c * ck ? :J ' Amongst oth t ttiugs, tfces I3o?ra re terrible had li'g'ds'H, * - 1 he . 1 '? Well, anyuuw, it se.nn they Ci.1. master Amiab.e Hostee^ : 'We I, now onr are hure I hope you will b ay to luach with m ' — Gus ling V sitor : '' Oh thank you so mucri. dear Mrs Bro.vne if we may.' (To daugu er) There, Virra, won't that be d1. lightful ? Such a pleasaut surprise for you V — Severely Truthful Child: 'Not a Eurprise, mother. You know you Bi.d Mr tirowne must ask us to lunch if we only Btopped long enough.' The Old Boy : ' Does she have much time on her hands V — The girl : 41 I ehould think — they are large enough.' First Student : ' What makea you lor k s t melancholy?' Second Student : 'I have been fooled, I aBked my father to send me five pouoda to pay my tailor, and afewdaya later I received the — receipted tailor's bilL' one : w nat aoea ii mean, iom. oy cay ing that a big gun haB a c^rcain bore to it,' He * ' A German, I should Bay.' Governess : ' Now, Eva, tell me how Queen Marie Antoinette died.' Eva : ,c She was gelatined.' Mr Einstein: ' How far you vaa got in your 'ri'hmetic, Jakey.' Jakey : ' I vas in addition,' Mr E. : 4: Veil, here vas an eximple. If I gif two shillin's to von man, t'ree fhillin'e to annud^r mm, vat would do: be ?' Jakey: ' Dot would be insanity, fadder.' Khe : ' Was his Hamlet at all original ?' He : ' YeB ; the ghost danced a ekirt dance, and Hamlet and Laertes boxed four rounds instead of fencing.' Sambo: 41 What inhabitants of the ark took with them the least luggige Jumbo: ' The elephant, who only took his trunk.' Sambo: 'You're wrong, Jumbo. They i were the fox and cock.' Jumbo : f; How j was that 1' Sambo : 11 They only took a Sergeant : You want to be enrolled for active service ? Married you say ? I don't think we ehould care to deprive your wife of her husband.' Applicant: 41 Married 1 It's because I am married I want a job, I neeu a change of fighting.' 44 Governesses should never be required to do low, menial work,' Baid a gentleman. 'Certainly not, bnt they frequently aspire to the hy- meneal,' replied the lady, First Russian : 11 The Emperor expresses the hopeski that tbe warak.ff in South Africa may be broughtovich to a Bpeedy terminstionBki ' Second Russian : ' Ah, yeB ! Hi'b Imperial Majesty has pleasedskoff .to be a tiifleaki Czircastic.' Lady : 14 Why are you sobbing?' Tramp: il *h, lady, aU me life I've had de name widout de g^me. Me name is Goff, lady. Silas Clone : 14 Wa al, by gosh ! Bill Smith's yeller hen laid a hand-painted Easter egg.' Silas Lence : ' By gosh ! you dou'c eay eo.' Silas Clone : ' Yes, Bir ; by gosh !' Silas Lenca : ' Wa-al, by gOBh ]' Novelist (reading manuscript) : ' Sud denly the moon obBCured a cloud.' Friend : ?' Hold on, oid chap ! You mean 14 a cloud obscnrel the moon !' Novelist : ' No, I don't, — this is a descrintion of private theatricals where tbe moon slipB a c ;g and talis down over a cloud/' Cleverton : 44 Tickerley is wea^hy, i^n't he?' Dashawisy : -4 Wealthy I Way, he has so much money that his wifi doe^'t know what to do with it 1' Clancy: *1 wonder whoi Washington wore a pig-tail ?' Casey : Sure. Oi dunno ! Mebbv Cninamin hod voteB in thim day* 1' Percy: '? Have you ever loved before?3' Edith: 'No Percy! I have often ad mired men — for their strength, courage, beauty, intelligence, or Bfomething like that ; but with you, Percy, it is all love — nothing else I Ihe mantle which Bhcnld be divided between Lord Roberts and Lord Kitchener : The Cape of Good Hope. A military gentleman, asked whether we Bhould have any difficulty in clearing certain Boer trenches, replied : ' If we s^ell we ahan t, but if we shell -not we chalL' Hawker : ' Your wife Bays Bhe misses you when you're away from home.''' Walker : '? Well, Bhe often misses me when I'm at home. She's the worst shot with a plate you ever eaw.' Lady (interviewing raw Irish domestic) : 41 Of course, 1 find everything.' Raw Irish Domestic : lncludin' a swa'eheart, mum?' The Magistrate : '? Twenty shillings or fourteen iayB.' The Prisoner (of a classical turn of mind) -. '? Quid pro quod, eh T' T'acber : 14 What regulatt-B the Fupplv of liquor ?' The Bright Buy (who reads the newspapers: '? The demand, ' All is fair in love— except the actions of the otter fellow. Boy : ?' Pa, are despots happy ?' Pa (impatiently) : 44 ABk your mother.' 41 Does your wife love pets ? ' ?' Abso^b ingly ; I never go home but I find her in one ' A girl should never throw away her old slippers ; they will come in handy at her wedding — and much handier in after years. That a woman has no idea of distance is known by evsry husband who has heard his wife boast how far ehe makes her money go A lady suggest that when men break their hearts it is all the Bame as when a lobBter breaks one of its claws— another sprouts immediately and grows in its place, Mrs Plutus : ' John, I want you to take Fido for a walk on the parade.' John : 44 If you pleaBJ, mum. Fido won't follow me.1 M*s PlutuB : 'Well, then, you must follow Fido.' A minister was catechising a Sunday Bchool class, aud Baid: ''The old man shall be put away,' Now. children, what is meant by 1 the old man?'' Small Boy a 41 Please sir, Kruger !'' A lady being aaked ou the witness stand her age. replied that Bhe did not remember when she was born, and all Bhe knew of it was by heaisay. This being hearsay evi dence it was not admissible. Rosalind (five years old) : ' Mamma, where haB Uncle Jack gone ?' Mainma : 44 On a ranch, pet ; he's gone to be a cow boy.' Rosalind (after a pause, tearfully) : Oh, mamma, will he have horns?' One toper to another at public-house bar : ' So you've given up lecturing oa temper ance ?' 44 Yea, indeed — found it didn't pay.' 41 What are you doing now ? ' ''Oil, 1 I'm one of theBe war experts.' 4i Yes, sir,' said Mr Windbiddle, 4|I main tain that all water used for drinking and culinary purpoBes should be boiled at least half an hour.' 44 You are a physician, I presume ?' ''No ; I am a coal dealer.' Consumptive (at health resnrt) ; ''So you make a specialty of ciring for invalids?' Landlady: 41 YeB, indeed. I let our fur nished rooms ; my husband is a doctor, and I have a brother here in the undertaking bufiiaeBs.' A story is told of a railway porter who waB employed as an organ blower aud who had slept off to Bleep Awakened by the angry organist, he amized the congrega tion by crying out, 41 Change here for the North !' Her Young Man : 41 1 — I— I, Bir, would like ? 'Her Father : 41 Well, what iB it, young man ? Why don't you Btop mumbling.' What have you got iu your mouth?' Her Young Man : ,4 I— I'm afraid it's my heart, sir.' Curran, being angry in debate one day, put his hand on hia heart, saying : I am the truBty guardian of my own honor.' ' Then ' replied Roche, ' I congratulate my honorable friend on the 5nug sinecure to which he has appointed himself.' Theatrical Manager: 41 I'm not going to pay you for my theatre.' Contractor: 'Why no-.?' Theatrical Manager: 14 Because you cmtrcctedto build a theatre to hold 2500 people, and there haven't been 500 people in the place any night since it opened,' The other day a man with an Irish brogue entered a newsagent's shop, where a poster was exhibited with the words, 44 Situation in the Transvaal.' Entering tbe shop, the man said : 4' Sure I've gome about the situa tion ye're advertiBin'?' 4 ' What eituation do you mean ?'' ccquired the newsagent. 4' This is the cue,' said the man, pointing to the poster, in the Transvaal I'm after.' ' Pooh 1'' replied tbe agent, 41 that's on the Btate cf affairs,' 41 Begorra !' exclaimed the man, 44 1 don't care whose estate it's on, begorra 1 I'll take it ! ' A London watchman, aged sixty-flve, died from syncope. aDd at ihe inqueEt it was stated that his heart weighed thirty ounces, the normal weight being eleven or twelve. 