SUNDAY OBSERVANCE. BY ROBERT F. HORTON M.A., D.D. If thnu (urn away thy foot from the Sabbath, from doing thy pleasure oil My. holy day, and call the Sabbath a delight,- the holy of the Lord, honorable, and shilt honor Him, not doing thine own ways, nor finding thin? own pleasure, nor speaking thine own wotds, then sbalt thr.u delight thyself in the Lord, and I will cause (lice to rid? upon the high pljc.s of the earth and f;ed the:- with the heritage of Jacob thy. father, for the mouth of the Lord hath spoken It.— Jsaiah, Iviii., 13, 14. j In almost the earliest, if not the ecrlirst. code of English law— the laws of Enacli, King of Wcss_x — there was a prevision made for the ob- scivanc? of Sunday. According to these laws, if a Have was forced by his master to work upon Sunday, he was by that veiy act set j free, and the lord- had to pay a fine. If the i slave worked by his own. will. and without the j diteclion cf ike lotd, he was subjected o cor- j pora! chastisement, and if a freeman voile d on 1 the Holy Day he b cam? a slave. Ha lost his | freedom, or else he. had to pay. what, at that time, was the alrn.st impossible fine of sixty shillings. Now, that law at the very begin ning of English legislation -may have had very much to do with the p. s. lion that the Anglo- s-axon race a as taken m the world. According to the promise of this old prophet, the word of the Lord had said, "f wili make thee to iide upon the high places of th earth if thou kejp- est the Sabbath day." The supernatural fact that seems to he implied In that promise has also its very natural and very simple side. The Day of Rest, and apparently ivcn tb? Seventh Day of Rest more peculiarly, maintains the freshness of the mind, and, thereto;©, secures the efficiency of woik. It has hern discovered that a country which enjoys a Day of Re-:t Is economically more productive than a countiy which docs not. THE ECONOMIC VALUE OF REST. I see it stated in a great Cyclopaedia of Social Reform that never touches religious questions at all that the Day of R. st is essen tial economically, and it gives this interesting fact, thai, suppose a 111a: on or carpenter takes a contract in Pat is, he gets the work done quicker, cheaper and better by employing Eng lish labor, because' English persons 'work six days, while French workmen work seven days in. the week. One of the busiest public men of our century — the late Mr Gladstone— said in a very remarkable letter that appealed at the time in the press, that he had always kept the seventh day of rest as scrupulously as was possible. "And now," he said, "at the end o'f a laborious public career of nearly D7 years I attribute in great part to that cause the pro longation of niylife and the pteservation of-tbe faculties I may. still po-sc-ss." Men are not machines, though I am told that even machinery requires a Sabbath day in ord<?r to rearrange its distorted particles. But men are not machiucs, and if the work they do, depend ing as it docs upon the mind, is done when they are jnded -and dispirited, ihe work is in- cffectuil. The only way of getting good work out, of human beings is by kc. ping the human uviugs uui uwj iicaiLuj . uuL UcipjJ,y, uupijy mil buoyant, with all the freshness of their man hood or their womanhood upon (hem. It seems therefore pretty clear that as a more condition of national health, r.s a condition of economical efficiency, tbe Parliament of the free people is justified, and even is compelled, lo secure the day of res. Our Parliament, for instance, ought to ga much further than it dors; it ought to protect the community, as a whole, from the greed of individuals and from the pleasure- seeking of many that are constantly imperil ling the day of rest for large masses of the people. On pureb' utilitarian grounds, simply seeking the greatest happiness cf the greatest number, the Legislature should repress., the ec centricities of Individuals. It should not aliow people to disturb what is a public blessing. It should prohibit trading, it shculd prohibit even travelling, it should prohibit the publication of newspapers one day, in the week, because upon that turns the health and well-being of the community. . Of course,' it is said very truly that such rigorous legislation would curtail the freedom of individuals. . Certainly it would, but 'all legislation curtails the freedom of indi viduals. -.The whole' point of law is that indi viduals must submit to the curtailment cf their freedom In order to secure the freedom and well-being of the commuuity.and what I. should maintain is (hat the Parliament of a free country may so teachi the people the blessing; iuc vuuuuiuiu McgcDDH ui uic uay ui rest, inat all people would cheerfully submit to that cur tailment of their- individual freedom. We in ' London do not complain because we do not get our. letters on Sunday; in fact, some of us re gard that as the greatest blessing of the week —that there ave no. letters on Sunday. And If London, the great centre of the world's trade, can do without letters on Sunday, It is quite certain that "the whole country could do with out them. And as we can do very well with out letters, we could do very well even without trains, and after a very little experience of the boundless peace and rest of one day In th<> week, in which there are no shrieks of the railway whistles, and no shouts of the seller in the street, the whole nation would be filled with. gratitude for the kindly tyranny of Par liament, which would secure its health and hap piness even against Us will. And' If once that ideal was set before us, the public itself would rapidly be tbe best protector of its own peace, just as it is constantly observed that .a park put under the protection of the. public, is more secure from the dtp edations of - indivi duals .Iran ir it is' put under the protection of the police, because the public feel thaTit is their possession,' So. in a very little while we might make the whole pub ic the protector of this sacred enclosure of the day of rest, and the force, of public opinion, which no m_n can resist, would stigmatise as an enemy of the community anyone.who, either for business or for pleasure, infringed what is the liberty of rest for the whole of the people on that seventh day of the week. . NO RELIGIOUS COERCION- But now- you will' observe that, in urging upon >ou thi3 most important political aspect of this question, such a course can on y be taken on one condition, and that is that the legislation should 'be passed not on religious grobuds, but simply and solely en political grounds, or on economical and'srcial grounds. That it niust be done on'that principle is neces: sary not only in order to secure the day oi rest, but still more iu order to secure the jn- trrc t of religion, because any religious prin ciple eufcrccd by. Government comlLg with the fo.c? of coercion c:as?s tj be religion. Directly we make the Parliament of this country pro tect our own religious principles we have robbed our religious librr-.ies of ail their re ligious power, we hay-? dropp d back from the condition, of the New Testament to the U10. The distinction between these two dlffeient epochs- of the world's history is principally this, that in the Old Testament the tutelage of tbe State secured a certain exte- nal order, but ruined the religious principle by turn ing it into a bendage. The principle of tbe New Testament is that it d scards 1 absolutely and deliberately all tlie protect.on and help of political forces In order to secure religious principle. Aud we must realise, 11 we . arc to do anything in the direction I am mentioning, that tbe Kingdom of Christ is hot of this world at all. When the Russian Go vernment enforces uniformity, and suppresses the JiW and thi'Stundis , and when, fo.lowing bad examples, evangelical Christendom has a secret longing to bring the political powers to bear to carry out its own ideas, iu one and all these cases, we are introducing a power which is inappropriate to Christianity, and we are creating a prejudice against the vsry religion we wish to commend, and, Ihwethre, under mining the principles of the Kingdom of God, which are not of this world. And lest I should not have convinced you by so rapid a statement, let me just point out this one consideration. If it. were God's method to coerce mou into religion, He would have done it. He coerces us by His natural laws. There is no liberty to evade or to resist them. You are under coercion in nature, and undoubtedly God could just as easily have made all His re ligious laws equally coercive. He could have made it a law of nature that every Ach-an who broke the Sabbath should be immediately ston ed, that every rash man who laid his hand upon the ark of God should immediately fall down and die; that every blasphemer should invoke the thunderbolt upon his head and perish by It. God could easily have made the whole spiritual and mcral arrangements of the woild just as coercive and necessary as the order of nature, but He has not done so, for the simple reason that in doing so He would have destroyed the religious and the moral order aitogelher; there would have been no religion; there would have been no morality. And a's He has not done so we are not at liberty to do so either. We may not legislate for God; we may not take Go_d j under the protection of our Parliament; . we S may not force upon men the decrees of the j Most High. He rpspeets the liberty of man ; ; He feels it essential to man as a spiritual being 5 that he should bo uncoerced and perfectly spon taneous, and we may therefore by no means iu- 5\. trude upon the sanctity of the individual' soul, 1 or force upon the practice of man the religious > things which v.-e know perfectly ourselves are j true. . THE . SPIRITUAL VALUE OF SUNDAY. But now having thus reminded you that we ; have to distinguish— and it is the very essence 1 of this question to distinguish— having remind- ! (iH. VOU fllfit YVft mifrlif tn insicf itnntl n l5o rlio. mentary day of rest far more absolute and in violable than anything we possess, without, ever mentioning or thinking of the question of re ligion, then I wish to turn you to that other side, which Is. of course, in a souse much more important, because it affects, not ouiy the eco nomic and social welfare of this country, but the vast interests of the human spirit. The Sabbath question, is partly a Parliamentary question, but it is partly also a religious ques tion, and we wish now to spend a few moments upon it as a religious question. I would say that we want no State interference to preserve the Lord's Day; on the contrary, we wish the State to kindly keep its hand off the whole question, but we do most earnestly need the interference of the Holy Ghost- to keep the Lord's Dav. and to make, us men and women in the spirit on the Lord's Dav, that we may call "the Sabbatlua delight, the holy of the Lord honorable." While as citizens we are de manding a day of rest for our over- strained modern population, and wh'ile we may justly quote that magnificent aphorism of Burke, "A nation that neglects the Sabbath soon sinks into barbarism and ruin ; civilised man camnot bear the pressure of seven days' work and worry in the week;". we have fo quote another law, we have to appeal to another principle for the security of the Lord's Day, the day no longer merely of rest, but the day of strenuous worship, the day, let me call it, of preservation cf the spiritual in man. Now, as this is much the most important, let us see what we want, and let us try to under- stand - bow to secure it. I suppose the essence of this Christian Sabbath was never more per fectly described than in the words of the in spired prophet tlvat I just read lo you. If you lock at those two verses andmedita!euncn them fl W l' II ami atraiTi VAII ' w n 1 - iX:_ __.a ..1 -uu u.(.o.iu juu uiem.tr mis WUUUerlUl Q1S- covery. The first principle of the Christian Sabbath is that there should 'be one day in the week 011 which we are not doing our own ways, nor finding our own pleasure, nor speaking our own words, that is to say, the Christian Sab bath is not to be, like the civic Sunday, a rest from work, important as that may be, but it is a rest from self, which is all-important, and is Indeed, the creation and the preservation of the spiritual in man. A REST FROM SELF. It is a rest from self, not to speak our own words on that day, not to take our own plea sures, not to adopt our own way. I think we see what is meant if we put it in this wav. Our life as men is literally rooted in God. and its health depends on our knowing it and recog nising it. While we cannot live without God, we cannot truly live until we are conscious that we ave living in God, and as it is the very essence of, the human soul to live in God and to.be conscious of it, so.it is the sad and melan choly effect of earthly life that our ordinary course of procedure is a constant slight devia tion from the life In God and from the con sciousness of it.. -Our- business presses upon our brains, our. pleasures agitate our hearts Physically, nervously; ' mentally, we get pre occupied; and in that deviation of life from its true centre, though w.e are not conscious of it «uc cuusumuy awinaung and literally perish ing. . . The very life, of the soul Is dying okt be fore our eyes, and God's one provision for man to live in the earth and yet to retain his con nection with the heaven is this, one day, the Day we call it, of Rest! Yes! but rest in God —the day of spiritual regeneration. It does not seem, to be possible for us to retain what is our proper drift, what is our proper growth our development, as spiritual beings apart from this ssventh day cessation of ourselves in order that God may take possession of us The Divine object, then, of the Sabbath is to correct, week by week, a fatal tendency to restore us to our proper nature, to bring us to our rest that is in.od, and so to renew our life. ' Now, when we have recognised that that is the purpose of the day, we still have -to con sider how that purpose Isbedt accomplished. According- to the practice of the Old Testa ment, and, apparently, according to the In tention of the New, the sanctuary, the place of'publlc worship/ is the jneans.by which that can fbe accomplished. That is the meaning of tbe sanctuary. . It is a little place fenced off in the rush of secular life, where the sanctity of life can be realised aftCrh. Now, when we have seen that the sanctuary is in tended for such a purpose, I think . we ought to honestly face the question which Is often - raised at the present time, whether the life 1 am describing cannot be maintained without- thc sanctuary. Men say frequently to-day that they find they can really worship better In their own homes, or still more in the open countrv, than in the assembly of the house of God. "Now, the only danger I see in that posi-' tion is that by the very necessity of the case it violates ihe first requirement cf the Sabbath as it is here stated. You stay at home in your house or you go out into the country on Sun day. In doing that you are going your own way, you are seeking your ov.n pleasure, .you ar3 following your own hent— that is to say, you are violating the very principles on which this Sabbath rests. And does it not seem very improbable that when you have violated the very principle at the beginning you will suc ceed iu recovering it at the end. I have no' doubt that many persons have hpnestly stayed at home fro-m service this morning thinking they will' worship God in their rooms. I under take to say that nine-tenths of them are asleep at the present mcment, and that the others are not worshipping, they have forgotten it. They began for a few minu'es to seak God, aud then the drift of their ordinary life was too much for them, or thej,_5:ont .out into the fields. I do not doubt that they left their room with the thought, How worship God better than under this sweet July sky and in the ruth of the water and in the rustle of the trees? but if you could see them here at noon 011 Sun day, If you could read their hearts, I ask you how much worship is ri itig from tha hundreds of Londoners who are in boats,, and punts, and boat-houses all up the Thames. How much worship is rising from their hearts? I would put it candidly to men. They mean well, I have no doubt, but I would ask them —take a census if you can, take-, one hundred people who have kept away frcm the house of worship for six months, and ask them lo tell you candidly whether they have not lost the sense. of the Divine Presence ia worship, whe.ber they have not lost the aspiration after heavenly things, whether they are not living the mere life Gf the carlh in consequence of (his neglrct of the renewal of the heavenly, and whether in consequence it has not proved that the old Book Is perfectly right and the tradition of nineteen centuries is verified, that you must not neglect the assembling of your selves together, because it is iu the house of prayer and iu the assembly of worshippers that we find the true Sabbath of tbe soul, and renew our contact with beaven and with God. And It seems to me, if I may say so, tlut one of the great reasons for coming to church is that you do not like it People seem, to think that they have settled the point when they say they do not like it, they find it dull. Believe me, that it is one of the greatest bless ings in life that there should be some duties that are dull to us, and that some things should be itkrome in Ihe wrestle for truth and life, and in the search after God. I have no doubt tint it was a little dull for Moses climb ing up Mount Sinai ip the broiling heat of the desert, a li-.tle dull and weary, loo, but he had to climb to the summit to open communion with God. It has no doubt been dull for mangJa child to ceme to the house of God, and it is dull for many a young man who thinks he will be happier on his bicycle on a Sundry . morning, and it Is dull for the business -man, who is weary with the routine of the week — it is dull for ms all. I grant ycu that, but it is the dull path that leads to heaven. It is not the piitnrcs? path of dalliance, it Is not the following your own pleasure and taking your own way, and seeking 10 keep life. one prolonged dream of blissful sensation, hut it is rising and climbing step by step and hand by haatLover the craggy paths of prayer and communion with God that at last brings you into the upper air and the open table-land, where ihe face of God is clear and communion can be held. 