II MISTED! OF TIE DARK HOUSE yi' (I--' PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. ' By " JE&3CTA.," Atilh'or of "Peg, the I-take," "ICitty the Rag," "Two Bad Blue Eyes," "A Woman In It," "Darby and Joan," "The Grinding Mills of God," "A Daughter of . the People," , "A Husband of No Importance," to, M lOPYRICiHT. ' y, " CHAPTER XXXVI — (Continued. j. June 1st.— I- have nmde a strange discovery. The iiiulds were engaged in cleaning and arranging my bedchamber tills morning. It necessitated the moving of the great ma- hoennv fiitir-onslot- ft-nni lis nlnno. and once i .veil' I h'aue them leave It In Its news posi tion facing the window, thus allowing me some chance glimpse of morning sun and waving' trees ill the grounds beyond. Tills nfternouh. while my grandfather slept, I went up to itiy newly-arrunged chamber to Inspect Its alterations. The gardener liud cut away a good portion of the screening creepers. The window stood wide open to the sweet fresh air. Curtains of. blight chintz framed It on either side, matching those of the bedstead, from which the old. heavy moreen had been removed. The old chairs had been beeswaxed and polished, and the same chintz covered their faded cushions. My wilting tnble stood under -a bookshelf, well tilled with my own cherished volumes of Sc-otl, and Milton, and Jane Aus ten, and Mrs. Gaslcell, mostly presents from my father. The room looks transformed, and I feel quite pleused with It. The new position of the bedstead left n por tion of the high panelled wainscot revealed. On this- hiing a picture. I approached II In order to see whalUt represented. It was u portrait of un ancient dame. Sumo Pcnliurva ancestress, X make no doubt. It did not Interest me. and I turned away. I made a few alterations in the arrangement of the furniture, then took a book and seuted myself on the wide, old window seat, anil gave myself up to a quiet hour, with "Mar- mion" and "The Ludy of the Lake" -for com pany. Now. whether it was the continuous mono tony ot' the metre (for Scott rarely varies) or the slumberous warmth of the air. or tho soothing drone of the bees in the gurden be yond. any or nil of these, X cannot toll, but gradually my eyes closed, and I fell asleep. What Is more, f dreamt a dream. So strange mil weird it was llint 1 started up, rubbing my eyes and gazing at the wall, as If what lmd happened was real. It seemed to mc tliul I was looking at the old lady In the picture. As X looked she stepped out of the frame and stood by the wall; more, the open space left by her depar ture from the frame seemed to widen and deepen until a great cavity showed itself. She turned and looked al me, and pointed to tills cavity, and Impelled by curiosity I left my seat and went over to her. She pointed with one baud into the dark hollow, and I stood cn tlp-tae and looked In. I saw, to my surprise, a narrow stairway of stone. It was durlc and winding. I could not see its direction or Its length. Ill spite of the darkness X saw It,' 'and yet that did not ap pear strange. Full of wonder, I turned to the old ludy to ask her what this meant, and awoke. So vivid and so real It- had been that I re mained for several minutes slurlng at the portrait and the wall. I felt half-Inclined to approach and try the panel for mvself, but the striking of a clock reminded me It was the hour to drink tea In my grandfather's_fbom. and I resolved to defer my Investigations till I was at liberty. June 2nd.— I could not get that strange dream, or rather vision, out of my head. I have written it In m.v journal, so that I may remember It in the future. After all there Is nothing so very strange In the existence of. a secret stairway la such an ancient house of Penharva.' ' Doubtless it has histories and tragedies of Cromwell's time and. long 'before, of political Intrigues, wanderers, and exiles from Court favours. -Its very'posl- tlon marks It for secrecy and stronghold com bined. No, there was nothing singular In hiding-place or refuge connected with Its' seventeenth century history, but the method of my discovery Impressed me all the same. When I went-to bed I lit my two wax candles \- and approached the portrait, holding them so as to get a good view of the fuce. It sud denly struck me that It bore a greut resembl ance to myself. ' True, the hair was white and severely band- ed under a Purllan-IIke cap. but the colour of the eyes, the features, the long throat, all of these were characteristics of my own. I gaz- ed long nnil earnestly .at the portralt.andthe more I gazed the more I seemed to see' myself nt somq future period ot time the living' coun- terpnrt'of this ancestress. "I must learn her history," I told myself; and turning from her face to the panel I be gan the scrutiny on which I had' determined. I searched in vain tor opening or crack. What ever lay behind It wns well guhrded and well concealed. " . . - ' ; . "Madam must tell me herself how to dis cover tills seeming stairway," I said, half- nloiid. nnd my voice struck strangely on the silence. It seamed to me. I went to lied, and the dream repeated Itself. CHAPTER XXXVII. June 3rd.— I have found the due. There is a spring— a tiny, , almost Imperceptible, knob, more like an unevennens In the wall than anything else. After much pressuie and trial It yielded. The panel opens Into u rccc-ss, and there, leading down to depths un known, Is the winding stairway. I have not the courage to go down. The uir Is damp and mouldy, and It Is horribly lark. X am quite content to have proved my dream correct. I shall sleep in peace to night, I hope, and to-morrow I will ask my grandfather If lie knows aught of any secret chamber In the bnsement, or any exit Into the grounds through a subterranean channel. These stairs may go down to the foundations, and then lead to the cliff s for aught I know, A line method of escape when changing dy nasties and tho iron rule of the' Common wealth mnde traitors of the good and loyal nobles of England. June 14th. — I have got hold of the story by scraps and bits. It is far too long and intricate to put down here. It Is sulilclent for me to know that the old lady Is not oiily an ancestress, but a namesake; that she also was one Ursula Penliarva, that her life held a great sorrow and a great tragedy. What makes me pause here, and ask myself shall I resemble her in more than name, and will my life also hold a great sorrow . and culminate 111 a great tragedy? God knows! (A great portion of the diary following these entries consisted only of fragments- odd disjointed scraps concerning the Illness of old Michael Penharva, and histories, more or less incoherent, respecting the family. Dolores hurried over these, or omitted them. She wanted to reach the modern portion of the journal.) Midsummer Day, June, 184-7.— Three years since my .grandfather, died. Three years since Tenliarva became mine, and two since I re fused John Penharva for the third time. I cannot marry him. I have.no Inclination towards marriage at all. I did ask hint once if his friend from Lon don was never again coming to visit us as lie had promised, but he answered curtly that he knew nothing of him, and that lie bore by no means such. a -character as should -interest a lady. Upon which my colour rose, and I told htm haughtily that a lady's Interest concern ed no one but herself and the person on whom It was bestowed, and so, we parted on no bet ter termB than over did part us. For he was always rebuking, and I always Impatient. "TIs full summer now, the sky of a glory beyond all words to paint, the orchards, and gardens fragrant with ripening fruits and full-blowh roses, the h'ayflelds ripe for the gleaners, the sea a blue and waveless mirror, stretching far and wide to the dim horizon line- ' "TIs a great day, for Cornish maids, this 24th of June. At noon they try charms to prove who shall have swain or sweetheart, and who go without. I heur much chattering and ado, but I leave my mother to chide their wasted hours. It has nought to do with me. I feel strange lack of Interest In this old house; I grow pale and- languid, -and time hangs heavy on my hands. I wish I could get away to some now place, seme new life. I am twenty years of age, and rich— so they say— and yet Heigh-ho! '-how weary I feel'- at times, and ho'w old. ft Rutli.Chirgwln earns rtnnlng '.across the or-, cnard path, as I wandered there seeking- for ripe cherries. She Is a pretty girl, and helps .-la the- kitchen, and- laundry. When . she. saw me she stopped and lcoked confused. I knew what she had been doing, and laughed at her blushes. Peter PasCo, the gardener, 13 after her, and I doubt not she had been try ing chaims-.to find out when they would be wed— If, at all., "Try to-night again," -I said, half In jest, for Indeed It Is no light matter to bo out at midnight on Midsummer Day, since fairies and pixies are seen, not to mention his ma jesty Tregeaglo, who is a mighty tricky spi rit, and blamed for many an evil deed through the length and breadth of Cornwall. "To-night!" gasped the girl, and all her blushes faded Into waxen whiteness. "Awk! My dear Miss Ursy, you do never meun the hompeeed?" "I do mean the hempseed." She began to shake. "La! La, miss, I couldn't, were It over so. I should be skeer- ed of my life. I never did do more than bake a cake on the kitchen hearth; nor more did any of the maids. We han't narra of us gcet the sperrlt. All the saam, miss, I'd be dearly lovin' to see If he would cum a follo'ln I. Do 'ee believe In thlcky charm, Miss Ursy?" ' "I've never fried it," I said, gravely. "But suppose I come with you." "Awk! my dear life!" she gasped. "Would \- 'ee dare now ? And tell not a soul. They do say Buro'us fete the young man, that's to wed wl' un, will follow." "Yes," I said "I'll come. I'll go down to' i!,e kitchen at a quarter before midnight.' Walt for me there, But be sure you tell no -one." ' She promised solemnly,' and then ran off to her own regions, and her own work, While I ate fruit under the shade of the great pear tree, and asked myself If I had not been very foolish to encourage this Billy maid In her superstition. I soon forgot all about It, but It happened that In the evening I was In the library look ing for a special book I desired to read. On one shelf,' thrust Into a corner, I came upon an old volume that bore the title "Cornish Superstitions." I drew It out and began to road it. Heavensl What a. record of legends and ; charms witchc-s and wizards It contained. It one half were true, well Cornwall must be the most -ghost-ridden, witch be-peoplcd county In all England. At some I laughed, at others wondered. But having saturated myself with this lively literature for some hours I was doubtless in a filling frame of mind to test some of Its best known and vouched-for superstitions. Not an hour ago I staggered Into this room more dead than alive. Now I- tell my-, self liow foolish, and worse than foolish, I am, and oh! how bitterly ashamed.. Let me see If I can- write down; here, iwhat really happenc-d, (TO BE CONTINUED.) 