THE ABSENT-MINDED BEGGABS. A Timely, Parody. When you've roared your ' Rule Britannia,' likewise shrieked tlGod Save the Queen,' 'When you've punished poor old Kruger with your puree, When you've swarmed your million shillings in,; the well-worn tambourine For the men who blew the( Boers to bits-— or worse. . . You're an absent-minded beggar, and your' faults are not a few, , But you've treated Tommy well — so never mind him; He's all right — he's wiped the slate, and written. glory on anew ; - So let's help the thousand poor he's left behind. Drunk's son — whose son 1 —son of a pauper train, Hundred thousand sick and blind, most of 'em old and grey ; . * Each of 'em starving, or something worse, and whose to give ease to their pain ? Lend a hand for your conscience sake, ? and pay, pay, pay I *- ? ? ? . ? ' ? ' ?? . There are girls were married secret, and the husband — where is he? ? There are babes with faces white, and bodies : lean ; . There are men — scarce men, you'd reckon— men with strength of infancy ; And all creatures sinful, ugly, poor, and. i .mean ; . . . . ? There's a hundred hundred paupers knocking, knocking at our door ; ? And each absent-minded beggar — we'd re mind him That there isn't much in glory when the ever lasting poor Cry for help from those that Tommy's left behind him. , Beggars, paupers, cripples of all degree^' Children of common criminals (they're human any way !) ; Each of 'em sick to the soul with pain, and pleading for charity ; Give 'em a chance for your pity's sakes and pay, pay, pay 1 There are families —well — hundreds, don't mind begging if they can— And it's a marvel how the wretches live at all, For they starve on nothing's fraction, leavings of their fellow- man, v ? With one hope — the preacher and the pau per's pall ; While the absent - minded beggar, out on. Southern Afric's veldt With the regiment that didn't need to find him, ; , Weeps with joy as -well as sorrow, as the manly spirits melt, As he marks the funds for those he left be hind him. Dog's job, no job, job at a sweating price, Sickly creatures sewing shirts a shilling for the day; . Each of 'em wishing that she were dead,. and learning the life of vice j Think of the poor for your church's sake,. and pay, pay, pay I We're no traitors— God forbid !— but loyal and. true as anyone, But we urge God's greatest, grandest, holiest. pea — ... ' Feed the hungry, heal the sick, the naked. clothe, as thou;has done Unto them, so wilt. thou do it unto Me.' He's an absent-minded beggar, but he s doing' very well, ; . And vve're none the less a patriot to remind!; him . ' . ? , That we're filling jail and workhouse, sending human souls to hell, & To gild the gold that Tommy's left behind. him ; . ? . ;? ' To flood the purse and pantry left behind . him. Man's home, beast's home, home of a. fevered crowd, : Home of a ghost-faced, fleshless crew, that curse the laughing day I Each of 'em whining for charity, screaming the name aloud ! Fair and square!—for the great God's sake!—come, pay, pay, pay! Williamstown. W. Henry Elsum,, Two hundred and twenty-six taiJors struck in London on December 29 be cause of the low wages paid for making khaki uaif'orms. Work was resumed, the price to be fixed by a committee of both employes and employers. People are sweated ' at home' and bled abroad in the interests of the sweater. 