PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. PURPLE* FINE LINEN By WILLIAM LE QUEUX, Author of ""Whoso Pindetb a "Wife," " The Day of Temptation," "Zoraida," '•'The Bond of Black," "England's Peril," "Scribes and Pharisees," " If Sinners Entico Thee," &c.;, &c.; COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER XXV. Tue Pehsox vrno Ivnew. HE encounter was a startling one. _ At the mo ment when my eyes iirst fell upon the fig ure standing patiently the booking office awaiting me, 1 halted ^ for a second in uncertainty. The silhouette "'?/ before me was that of a youngish, brown- haired, and rather good-looking woman, neatly dressed .in dead black, wearing a large hut and a . feather boa round her neck. By the expression of her face I saw that she had recognised me. I had, of course, never seen her before, yet her personal ap ■pearance—the gray eyes and brown hair were exactly similar to those described so minutely on several occasions by West, the 'cab driver. I regarded her for a moment in silent wonder, then advanced to meet her. She was none other than the unknown woman who had saved ray lifo on that fate ful night at The Boltous—the mysterious J£dna 1 • As I raised my hot she bowed gracefully, and with a merry smile said: "I fear that, to you, I am a stranger. I recognise you, however, as Mr. Hcaton." "That is certainly my name," I respond ed, still puzzled. " And you—well, our cognition is, I believe, mutual—you are Edna." She glanced at mc quickly, as though sus picious. "How did you know that?" she inquired. "You have never seen me before. You were totally blind on the last occasion wc met." . " I recognised you from your description," -I answered, with a light laugh. " My description!" she echoed in a tone of distinct alarm. "Yes, the description given of you by the cabman who drove mc home on that memorable morning." *' Ah! Of course," she ejaculated in sud den remembrance. Then, for k few seconds, she remained in silence. It seemed as Though the fact that I had recognised her Lad somewhat confused her. "But I am extremely glad that we have met at last," J assured her. "1 have, times without number, hoped to have an opportuoity-of thanking you for the great services you onec rendered inc." "I iiiid with satisfaction that, although six years hare gone by, you have not for gotten your promise made to me," she said, Lor large, serious eyes fixed upon mine. " I gave you that promise in exchange for iny life," I remarked, as, at her suggestion, wc turned and w.dked out of the station. M And as acknowledgment of the service you. rendered by preserving secret your knowledge of the events of that terrible niglit 1 was enabled to render you a small service in return," she said. "Your sight was restored to you." "For that, how can I sufficiently thank you?" I exclaimed. "I owe it all to you, and rest assured tliat, although we nave r.ot met until this evening, I have never for gotten—nor shall I ever forget" She smiled pleasantly, while I strolled slowly at her side across the station- yard. To mc those moments were like a dream. Edna, the woman who had hitherto been but a strange ghost of the past, was now actually beside me in the flesh. " 1 liave received otLer notes making ap pointments—the last, I think, a couple of years ago," I observed, after a pause. "Did you not meet inc'then?" She glanced at me with a puzzled cxprcs fiion. Of course she knew nothing of those lost years of my life. "Meet you?" she repealed. "Certainly not." " Who met me, then?" "I really don't know," she answered. v: This is the first time I have approached you, and 1 only come to you now in order to ask you to grant mo a favour—a very great favour." "A favour! What is it?" "I cannot cxplaip here, in the street," she said, quickly. "If you will come to jny hotel I will place the facts before you." Where are you slaying?" 4iAt the Bath Hotel, in Arlington Street" I knew the place well. It stood atihe corner of Arlington Street and Piccadilly, and was an eminently respectable, old-fash ioned 'place, patronised by a high-class clientele. "And you are alone?" I inquired, think ing it strange that she should thus ask me to her hotel. \- Of course. I have come to London ex pressly to see you," sho responded. " I went down to Budlcigh Saltcrton two days ago, but I ascertained at Deubuiy that you had left suddenly.*' " Whom did you see there?" I inquired, much interested. " Your bnter. He told me some absurd story how that you had become temporarily irresponsible for your actions, and had dis appeared, leaving no address."^ And you came to London?" " Of courso." " And how did you find out where I was | hidden and my assumed name?" She smiled mysteriously. "It was easy enough, I assure you. A man of your influence in the City, well known as you are, has considerable difficulty in effectively concealing his identity." " But uho told you where I was staying?" I demanded. " Nobody. I discovered it for myself." " Aud yet the police have been searching for me everywhere, and have not yet dis covered inci" L remarked, surprised! "The police have one method," she said. "I have an entirely different one." " Tell me one thing," I said, halting in our walk, for we were already at the com mencement of Victoria Street—that street down which I had wandered blindly on that night long ago when I had lost myself— "tell mo for what reason those previous appointments were made with me at Grus venor Gate, at King's Cross, at Eastbourne, and elsewhere?" "You kept them," she replied; "You surely know.". " No, that's just it," I said. " Of course I don't expect you to .give credence to what I say—it sounds too absurd—but 1 have absolutely no knowledge of keeping those appointments, except the one at Grosvcnor Gate, and I am totally ignorant of having met anybody." She paused, looking roe full iu the face with those gray eyes so full of mystery. "1 begin to think that what the butler told me contains some truth," she observed bluntly. Mt No," I protested. " My mind is in no way unhinged. I am fully aware of all that transpired at The Boltons, of—" " At Tl,« «1,» intm-rnnl/>rk tn At The Boltons?" she interrupted, turn ing a trifle pale. *' What do you mean?" " Of the crime enacted at that house—in The Boltons." Sho held her breath. Plainly sli© was I not before aware that I had discovered the | spot where the tragedy had taken place. My words had taken her by surprise, and it was evident that she was utterly con founded. My discover}' I had kept a pro found secret unto myself, and now, for the first time, had revealed it. Her face showed how utterly taken aba?k she was. "There is some mistake, I think," she said lamely, apparently for want of some thing other to soy. "Surely your memory carries you back to that midnight tragedy," I exclaimed, rather hastily, for I saw she would even now mislead me, if she could. "I have discovered where it "took place—I have siuc© re-entered that room!" "You have!" she gasped, in the .ow, hoarse voice of one fearful lest her secret should be discovered. "You have actually re-discovered the house—even though you were stone blind S" "Yes," I answered. "How did you accomplish it?" I shrugged my shoulders, answering: "There is an old saying—a very true"' one—that * murder will out.'-" " But tell me more. Explain more fully," she urged, in an earnest tone. I hesitated. Next instant, ho were*, I decided to kee|> my own counsel in th* matter. Her readiness to deny that the I events occurred in that house had re- aroused | Arithin me a distinct suspicion. "It is a long story, and cannot be told I here," I answered evasively. " Then come along to the hotel," she sug gested. "I, too, have much to soy to you." I do not know that I should have obeyed her were it not for the mystery which had hitherto veiled her identity. She had saved my life, it is true, and I supposed that I ought to consider her as a friend, yet in those few minutes during which I had g-azcd upon lier a curious dislike of her had ; arisen within me ,'Sho was, I felt certain, I not the straightforward person I had once belicTed her to be. Sot that there was anything in her ap pearance against her. On the contrary, sh© was a pheasant, smiling, rather pretty \rmna« of perhaps thirty-five, who spoke with the air and manner of a lady, and who carried herself well, with the grace of one in a higher social circle. After a few moments* hesitation my curi osity got the better of my natural caution, and I determined to hear what she had to say. Therefore wc drove together to the Bath Hotel. In her own private sitting room, a cosy little apartment overlooking Piccadilly, op posite Dover Street, she removed her big hjick hat, drew off her gloves, and, having invited me to a chair, took one herself on tlie opposite side of the fireplace. Her maid was there when wc entered, but retired at word from her mistress. " You, of course, regard it as very curi ous, Mr. Beaton, that after these six years I should again seek you," she commenced, leaning her arm lightly upon the little table, and gazing straight into my face without flinching. "It is true that once 1 was enabled to render you a service, and now in return I ask you also to render me one. Of course, it is useless to deny that ; a secret exists between us—a secret which, if revealed, would he disastrous." "To whom?" "To certain persons whose names need not be mentioned." "Why not?" "Think!" she said, very gravely. "Did vou not promise me that,, in return for your life when you were blind and helpless, you would make no effort to learn the true facts? Jt seems tliaE" you have already learnt at least one—the spot where the crime was committed." "1 consider it my duty to learn what I can of this affair," I answered, determinedly. She raised her eyebrows with an expres sion of surprise, fo'r she saw that I was in earnest. "After your vow to me?" she asked. "Remember that, to acknowledge my in debtedness for that vow, I searched for the •one specialist who could restore your sight. To my efforts, Mr. Heaton, you are uow in possession of that sense that was lost to you." •' I acknowledge that freely," 1 answered. " Yet, even in that you have sought to de ceive me." . " How?" "You told me that you were not the writer o£ those letters signed with a pseu donym." "And that is true. I was not the actual writer, even though I may have caused them to be written." " Having thus deceived me, how can you hope that 1 can be free with vou?'% "I regret*" she answered. "That slight deception has been necessary to preserve tho secret." " The secret of the crime?" She nodded. " Well, and what do you wish to tell ine this evening?" She was silcut for a moment, toying with her rintra. "1 want to appeal to your generosity. I want you to assist mo." " In what manner ?" . . 44 As before." , "As before!" I repeated, greatly sur prised. 441 have no knowledge of having assisted you -before." " What?" she cried. 44Is your memory so defective that you do not recollect your transactions with those who waited upon you—those who kept the previous appoint ments of which you have spoken ?" "I assure you, madam," 1 said, quite calmly, 441 have not the least idea of what you mean." 44Mr. Hcaton!" she cried. "Have 3on really taken leave of your senses? Is it actually true what your butler has said of you—that on the day you left Dcnbury you behaved like a madman?" 441 am no madman!" I cried, with con siderable warmth. 44 The truth is that I re member nothing since one evening nearly six years ago, when 1 was smoking with— with a friend—in Chelsea, untU that day to which my servant has referred." 41 You remember nothing? That is most extraordinary." 44 If strange to you, madam, how much more strange to me? I have told you the truth; therefore kindly proceed to explain the object of these previous visits of per sons you have apparently sent to ine." 411 really think that you must.be joking," she said. "It seems impossible that you should actually be unaware." 441 tell you that -I havo no knowledge whatsoever of their business with me." 44 Then, if such is really the case, let me explain," she said. 44 First, I think you will admit that your financial transactions with our Government have brought you very handsome profits." 441 am not aware of having had any trans actions with the British Government," I answered. 441 refer to that of Bulgaria." she ex plained. 41 Surely you are aware that through my intermediary you have obtained grj?at concessions—the docks at Varna, the electric trams at.Sofia, the railway from Tironva to the Servian frontier; not to mention other great undertakings which have been floated as companies, all of which arc now earning handsome profits. You cannot bo ignorant of that!" I remembered that Gcdgc had shown me some official parchment which he had ex* i [ plained were concessions obtained from i Prince Ferdinand of Bulgfiria. Tlwt this woman had been the m.ans of sccuringto i me the prater part- of the enormous profits which I had apparently made within the past fire years was certainly surprising. "On the day 1 recovered consciousness— the day of my departure from Denhury—1 was shown some documents, but took tittle heed of them," I said. 44 You admit, however, that the employ ment of British capital in Bulgaria has rea lised a very handsome profit, and that the greater part of it has gone into your own pockets." 4t I suppose that is so," I responded; " Is it to you that I am indebted for tliose con cessions?" 44 Certainly." 44 Arc von, then, an ambassadress of the Principality of Bulgaria?" 44 Well, yes—if you choose to put it so." " Then, as 1 understand, it is with" some further financial object that you have sought me^this evening?" 44 Exactly." This iat-est development of the affair was certainly most remarkable. I had uevcr dreamed that to this hitherto unknown woman I had been indebted for the unparal leled success which had attended my career during those last six years. Yet fro* the facts she subsequently placed before me it . would seem that it was at her instigation I that ] first dabbled in finance. She, or rather her agents, had obtained for mc the negotiation of a substantial loan to Prince Ferdinand, and this had been followed by atl sorts of concessions, not one of which ; had turned out badly. 1 ! The mysterious Edna, whom I bad always believed to be a typical blouse-and-bicycle girl of the true Kensington type, was actu , ally a political agcut of that most turbulent j of a'.l the European States. I I sat looking at her in wonderment. She possessed a superb carriage, a smart, well ; dressed figure, a smiling, intelligent face, white, even teeth, a complexion just a trille I dark, but betraying no trace of foreign j birth. Her English was perfect, her man- ■ i ner purely that of the patrician, while her : surprising tact possessed all the finesse of ; an accomx>lishcd diponntist. I "I confess that J have all along been in ; entire ignorance of my indebtedness to you," I said, after listening to her while she cx plained how obediently 1 had followed the instructions contained*in the letters signed "Avcl," and how 1 had 30 materially ad vanced tho interests of the Principality that | the thanks of the Bulgarian President, or Sobranje, had been tendered to mc, and j tho Prince himself had a couple of years ' ago conferred upon me the highest distinc I tion within his power. | Yet it was more than strange that while 1 this shrewd, gray-eyed woman, the pos \ sessfi of the secret of that puzzling crime, j held aloof from me, she had ingeniously contrived that I should become the unwit ting catspaw of an unstable State. I was thinking of Mabel—my thoughts were always of my lost love—and I was wondering how I might obtain from this woman the secret of her whereabouts. 