A QUESTION OF TASTE. BY ESTHER HACKNEY, Author of "Thistledown," &c.; (C-ontinufed from yesterday.) "But I don't think so. What sort of a man should I be to let you go like that Marigold V" ' "Oh, whatever made you do such a silly thing?" she cried, irritably. "I haTen't done a silly thing. I consider I've done the wisest thing I ever did in my whole life." "Indeed you haven't, because you've just spoilt things." "Why have I spoilt things V" "Because we were nice and sensible before—and friends." "And may we not still be friendsV 7 ' She nodded quickly. "Yes, of course. But it would have been much better if only you hadn't suggested—anything different." "My dear," he said, quietly, "for what do you take me?" Marigold winced, and put her bands up to her flushed cheeks. "I don't understand you," she said. "Do you tbink I could , see you so often, talk with you, and know you as I do know you, and not'love you V Do you think I am deaf and blind and insensate, child?" Marigold gave a little gasp, and moved a little further down the log. Don't say things like that, please," she said. "I don't like it" "I must say them," said Devon, "be: cause they are true, and I want you to know the truth. I want you to think this matter over calmly and reasonably, and try if you cannot make up your mind to resign yourself into my hands, to," he looked at her. smiling tenderly; " 'lay thy sweet hand In mine and trust in me.' " •"Oh, no," she said, twisting her handkerchief rapidly into a string, and untwisting it and twisting It again; "indeed I couldn't—never, never." "Will you tell me why?" he said, with gentle patience. "NO, you needn't say you don't love me; I know you don't; I know that well enough. But I will teach you. And I will succeed." "But I don't want to learn," said Marigold. "And the reason?" he asked. "There are such a lot," she saia, with a troubled frown. "First, I couldn't possibly—marry you—unless—unless—1 —loved you. And then—I don't want to love any one—in that way. I get on very well without it, and^and I don't understand about that kind of love." "But you Will," tie said, "some day." She shook her bfead. "I don't see why it should be inevitable. I am quite happy without it" "Do you expect. to get through your life without love?" he asked. "There isn't only that love," said Marigold; "and I give mine to so many things." "And couldn't you include- me amongst those many things if you tried very hard? Tell me you like me at least a little, do "you not?" "Yes, of course," said Marigold, hastily; "I like you" very mufh."' "And we get on very well. Our tastes agree, and I am master enoupb of your language to read you and.understand you, Marigold.", She made no answer,'but tugged harder at her handkerchief. "Will you think tne a very conceited fellow when I say that I believe I canmake you happy?" Brian went on. "No, not conceited," she answered, the ghost of a nervous smile touching her lips. -"Because I think you are too honest, «nfl-*good/' He flushed, and his eyes lit up "Indeed,. I am very, very sorry if- it hurts you. ami I know that yot} have done me an honour in v asking me—to be your wife." , Here the handkerchief, tore across one corner, and Marigold rolled it up that end, and started on another. "Have you never carM, or even fancied you cared, for any one?" questioned Devon, watching her keenly; and she shook her head and answered "Never!" with unhesitating decision!. "And are there any more.reasons?" "Yes," she said t -quickly; "I love my liberty far, fat too well to "give it up, I couldn't settle down in that way; 1 must be free—free as air, free as the w ild gipsy, dad—and you say I am so like. I think at heart I a.m one; and how could a gipsy tie herself down to civilization? She would 'droop and pine. It's selfish, I suppose." She stole a look at his face. "On, 1 know I'm a. selfish little beast," she cried. He turned and looked at her, and at the bent head, with its heavy wealth of rich auburn hair, and ssj-w the quiver of her mouth and the trouble. in her sensitive face. "Then I wish there were more 6uch selfish little beasts^ about," he said; "the world would be a better place for them."' "Oh," Marigold cried out, "you mustn't say Such things, it's wrong! And please don't say any more about it, because I can never give you a different answer. You—you will forget about me soon, and meet some one who is altogether nicer and better than I am." "I must be permitted to retain my own opinion as to that," he said, quiet- 1 j. He got up and took both her hands drawing her to her feet. "I'm not going to worry and frighten you any more now, little Marigold. You are frightened, I think, and so we won't talk about it But I want you to remember that I, love you, land that you are the one woman in all the world for me. And I shall never give, up -hope, my dear. Now let me take you home." She went with him silently, and es. caped with thankfulness in her hearr when they reached the garden. Well, there was a considerable stir over the matter. Aunt Maria and Jane —their wrath and indignation knew no bounds. Because, of course, it leaked out Aunt Maria suspected, and she questioned Marigold, and Marigold reluctantly confessed the truth. Jauf! told her very candidly that she was a fool, and Aunt Maria said more than that; in fact when she found that she could make no impression on tbe culprit Aunt Maria fairly stormed. "Good heavens, child!" she cried, "you are mad! Why, I don't suppose you will get 6uch another chance as this agaiu in all your life!" "I don't suppose I snail," agreed Marigold. "Then what more do you want?" "I don't -want any more." "What fault hare you to find with him?" "I have no fault to find with him. On the contrary, I admire his character, for I feel sure it is worthy of admiration. Aunt Maria, do you think a woman .marries a man because she has no fault to find with him? There is ouly one thing that makes marriage honourable—that is Love. 1 cannot give him that For your reasons it is shameful to urge it I am sorry that I don't see my way to relieve you o£ the burden of my presence; but 1 don't see that it need so greatly distress you, since happily I derive my support from my father, and not from you. As to this affair—leave me alone, please." So Aunt Maria found herself crushed, and relapsed into disdainful coldness towards her obstinate niece, and Jam; had to look the contempt she dared not always speak, for Marigold had a temper. Outsiders heard the rumour, but they laughed aloud in scornful "unbelief. What! The Bohemian Girl refuse such a match as Brian Devon? said the-Circle. A likely-thing! On good authority? - -Wtiiit i The aunt and sisterly would naturally move -3 report abroad. But -as ing it Pooh! eye^y one merely indulging in a E just a wee bit eccentric hlnis know, bnt so awfuUy iiice^ caught her father, looting nestly one day, x andfBhe , was trouble in his face.; to him, and put herhandi ders. ••' K' '• "Do you want to ; dad?" she asked, And he answere gently— . ;: "Heaven forbld.I ^hdi to do that Little G{>ldi«; leave you some. 4ay,, when that time.66incSs '1 pier for kno\^g that: good hands, tect her." . "Ah, don't," she ialn "it's horrible to talkJ where would-be lite*, away now and years before you lie And he smfl^f TO agreed (To be. ctwfttonedS 