THE CLOSING SERMON. . ? * ? BY THE BISHOP OF ROCKHAMPTON. On Sunday evening his Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Higgins 'preached the closing sermon of the Triduum to a congregation numbering more than 4000, '?How lovely are thy tabernacles, O Lord of Hosts. :. : . Better is one day in Thy courts above thousands. Psalm 84.' The spirit of those inspired words of the Royal Psalmist should have found a responsive echo in the breast of every believing Christian who has been privileged to assist the imposing religious func tions that have been succeeding each other in this cathedral for the past few days. You have seen your spacious sanctuary crowded with the vener able members of the Heirarchy and clergy of your Church, who have come from almost every part of Australasia to testify by their presence how fully they recognize the significance of this memorable celebration which closes to-night, how heartily they join in your common joy, how fervently they unite in your offering of thanksgiving that in the ways of God's disposing providence, you have been spared to witness an event so fraught with heavenly blessings. You have seen the gorgeous ceremonial of your Church's litigry drawn upon to a degree that is rarely surpassed even in the old centres of religious activity. You have had the resources of her, sacred Psalmody taxed to the full in the pro duction of those songs of praise that have been reechoing through the long-drawn aisles and fretted vaults of this noble temple, bearing aloft to the most High God their loud hosannas of adoration. And you have had chosen members of the Australian Church occupying this pulpit, and seeking in words of fervid eloquence to give expression to your feelings, to embody in becoming language the thoughts that have been crowding on^your mind, and the senti ments that have been dwelling in vour hearts. What is the meaning of all this ? Why this out pouring of religious joy from so many grateful hearts ? this acclaim of praise from so many fer vent lips — Why this exercise of generosity that was witnessed this morning and the records _ of which Will endure as long as these clustering columns shall continue to stand on the massive bases that support them ? Well, it is simply the eloquent expression of a people's gratitude at the triumphant advance of a great work on which they had set their ' hearts, towards which the highest aspirations had been directed; It is the realization of a dream of architectural beauty for which they Vind Innpfitl and -innpri ? and Tiraved and in the prosecution of which they they have worked with an unsparing earnestness and self -sacrificing devotion that never knew a moment's faltering ; that wasnot dampenedby disappointments, or cowed by .financial difficulties; but had struggled on for 30 years, buoyed up by the consciousness that they ?w,ere only doing their duty to their God ; that He from whom they had received all would accept their offerings, and bless their work with success in His own good. time. Thirty years ago your fathers laid the foundations of this cathedral in obedience to the /prompting of a lively faith so characteristic of their race. This was a noble undertaking which ealied for! the sacrifices of Christian heroism and the indomitable energy of giant strength. Their enlightened conception of ' the beauty that b'ecometh the House of God' inspired a boldness of /design and a richness of adornment, and of artistic skill that were worthy of the brightest architectural triumphs of the days of -aith, but which also demanded a munificence of offering that their limited resources could barely meet. They who commenced this cathedral did not rejoice in the abundance of the world's wealth, or bask in the sunshine of courtly favour. But they ' were rich in the possession of a treasure more pre cious than these— a strong faith and a sustaining hope thafr He who inspired them ' to plant would give the increase.' The work was entered upon with light hearts and bold resolve, and carried ok through its opening stages with an earnestness that forgot alike the press of private needs and personal responsihlities, in their one desire to honour His name and promote His glory m this new land. And when in time they were summjned to a better world to receive the reward of their stewardship, they bequeathed to you their children the cherished privilege of taking up and carrying on and faithfully complet ing what they had so nobly begun. Well, I am justified in saying that you have been true t ) that sacred trust, and that you have proved yourselves worthy descendants of such noble pioneers of the faith. No man can dare to think otherwise who comes into this temple of God to-night and takes a survey of all he sees around him, this magnificent monument of a people's faith in which we are assembled, with its grand proportions, its massive clustering columns, its gorgeous sanctuary, its grace ful windows softening the pure light of heaven by their exquisite tints as it enters in to throw a balo of heavenly glory around the tabernacle where your God reposes. No man can dare to doubt it who is here to-night and sees you assembled in your thou sands around the illustrious Pastor of your souls, animated by the same spirit, filled with the same thoughts, quickened by the same love for the honour of God's name and the beauty of God's House that fills his. breasts to join with him in making this offering of a nation's reverence, which is the fruit of 30 years of patient toil and labour and self-sacrifice on the part of the cathedrals of N. S.Wales; which is the triumph of 30 years of prayer and enduring hope— which is, in a word, the completion of a work begun for God on this hallowed spot 30 years ago, and now brought by you to a glorious consum mation? Such is the noble testimony which you furnish to high Heaven to-night, that you have done the part which your venerated fathers have left you to do; and' rest assured they are with you inspirit to-night, that they note the triumph you have achieved, and contemplate with aheavenly joy the proud realization of what they bo anxiously longed for, but which, like Daniel of old, they were not permitted to accomplish. Thoughts like these will guide us to the spring of that spiritual joy that fills the Catholic heart of Sydney during those dayB of religious jubilee. But they will lead us further still ; they will bring us to the re cognition of that innate sentiment of religious wor ship which God has been pleased to implant in the heart of every man, and which is found developed in forms more or less distinct amongst every people that has preserved a belief in the existence of a Supreme Being ; a sentiment that tells us the homage and reverence of our hearts to God must show itself in eternal form, and find expression in external symbol. When, in the beginning, Abel the Just came to recognize the infinite Majesty of God, the first impulse of his generous heart was tc prostrate himself before Him, and offer Him the sacrifice of the firstlings of his flock ; and the sentiment thus expressed has held firBt place in the heart of every faithful servant of God since then. The High Priest, Melchisedech, offered homage to God in his memorable sacrifice of bread and wine, and wheu Noah came out of the Ark;t© give thanks to God for his preservation, he offered holocausts upon the altar, the sweet-smelling savours of which were wafted before the Throne of God in Heaven. Abraham and the older patrirrchs offered sacrifice to God according to the ritual of those primitive times, and when, eventually, the great temple of Solomon arose in its Oriental splendour, the homage of man's heart to his Creator assumed a form of expression still more elevated and still more worthy of the in finite majesty of Him to whom it was rendered. However, all this was but the shadow of the great things to come, the forerunner of that exercise of Divine worship which was to take place under the Christian dispensation; that marvellous de velopment of the devotion of the Chris tian heart that has been in such active operation throughout the Christian world during the past 1900 years, and has received such striking manifestation at every stage of its progress since then. Now all this followed naturally from the teaching of that Divine Truth which the Son of God came to spread broadcast over the face of the earth, and from the riches of that inheritance which He has made the birthright of every child of His Church. They knew, for their faith told them so, that in the Christian Church which has succeeded to the Jewish temple of old, it was not two tables of stone reposing under an arK of cedar-work that claimed the reverence of the fervent worshipper — it was not the blood of sheep and oxen that appeals to the mercy seat of God on behalf of the sins of man — that it was not the pre sence of a mysterious cloud descending to pro claim that God was pleased with the incense of the Sacrifice which demanded the homage of their hearts. Oh ! no, it was something infinitely more holy and exalted which our Christian temples con tain for us, nothing less than the adorable pre sence of God Himself as real and personal as He appears among His ministering angels in Heaven. It was the spotless Lamb of God whose first coming the Baptist so joyfully proclaimed, who is immo lated on our altars for the remission of our sins as truly as when the dry sands of Calvary were crim soned with His precious blood. We have not a God of stern justice seated on the cherubim dispensing His scant measure of mercy to a rebellious people. We have a God of tenderness and love reposing humbly in the tabernacles of our altars and re ceiving all that come to Him, whether they are wearied in the ways of sin or weighed down by the weight of human infirmity, and extending to them a welcome whose sweetness will not be diminished by the number of their transgressions, by the years of their rebellion or by the depth of the guilt to which they may have descended. We have in the tabernacles of our altars the Sacred Heart of Jesus Christ sending forth His sweet invitations to all who labour and are burdened to repair to Him as their God, their Father, and their friend, and to learn by experience how deep is the sympathy, how boundleBS the mercy, how ardent the love of the Sasred Heart, who appeal with confidence to its ex haustless treasure of meekness, generosity, and goodness. We have all this, or rather a thousand times all this, in our Christian churches, and realizing the full significance of the blessed possession, it has always been the fondest aspiration . of the Catholic heart to raise temples for God's indwell ing among men that would not be unwor thy of the august presence they were intended to shelter. The inspired accents of the prophet of old, '. I have loved, O Lord, the beauty of Thy House,' havt found a sympathetic echo in the Catholic heart of every age, and produced results which are the most eloquent expressions of the depth and sincerity of the feelings from which they sprung. During the early ages of Christianity the faithful believer was unable to give effect to his high ideal of the beauty that becometh the House of Goa. * The powers of darkness raged with too much fury to permit such honour to the Most High. The pious Christian had to seek in the caverns of the earth a place to worship Him in peace and sing the praises of His name. And what do we read of the latter ? That as those future mar tyrs thus sang their songs of praise in the dark caverns of the Catacombs, the echoes of their hea venly melody were heard above men as they walked the street? of Rome, who, not knowing whence they came, stood amazed, for it seemed to them as if the very air had become resonant with sacred song. Nor were these early Christians, while hiding there, forgetful of what was due to the place where God's glory dwelleth. Oh ! no. They drew upon their knowledge of the accomplishments of the age, and the rude interior of these subterranean retreats were sometimes covered with mural decorations that have claimed the recognition and respect of the critics of our own time. However, the day of deliverance was destined to come in time. By the arrangement of an all-disposing Providence, the sun of religious liberty burst upon the Christian Church. She came forth from her hiding places haggard and bloodstained, bearing on her brow the trace of many a deadly struggle, but strong in the faith and courage that had sustained her for 300 years, and beaming in that beauty and purity of doctrine for which she had so gallantly fought. He first thought was to gather her children around her in the exercise of the worship she owed to God, and then give expression to the deep, fervent feelings that are swaying her devoted heart. The Christian Church rose in the valley and on the hillside. Crowds of fervent worshippers thronged around her for the first time in 300 years, the air was made to reBound with the praises of the one true God. As time advanced and the spirit of faith spread among men, there arose a generous rivalry to render the Churches of God still more worthy of their high destiny. The spirit of the prophet of old seemed to come back in its inspiring freshness to possess itself of men's minds, and J with the result that there slowly arose throughout all the countries of ' Europe which, were then happily included within the one fold of Jesus Christ those gorgeous architectural marvels which proudly stand to-day the most noble and eloquent testimony of a nation's faith and gene rosity that the world has ever seen. The design of these cathedrals was as sublime in its conception as it was unrivalled in its execution. That design was to proclaim by their vast and stately propor tions the greatness and majesty of the God in whose honour they were erected ; to draw off men's minds from the grovelling cares of a transient world and direct them upwards towards that home where our dearest hopes are centred ; to make due provision for the Church's ceremonial which does so much to impress the mind of man, and to add to the dignity of Divine worship. I shall not remind you of the success with which the genius of Christian art, quickened by the spirit of Christian faith, has realized all these high aspira tions ; for, dear brethren, you are surrounded by too much of what is highest and brightest and best of the architectural glories of the Church to be uncon scious of the triumph. There are those who would have us believe that the deep-seated feelings of devotion which have raised the cathedral churches of Europe have passed out of men's hearts. That the material progress and the intellectual develop ment of the nineteenth century have disenchanted men's minds of their former fancies and extin guished for ever that fervent and generous piety that gave to God the first and beBt of everything. Well, there is no room for such thoughts as these amongst us this evening. Here we find ourselves assembled in a minster that is worthy to rank with the most gorgeous shrines of the ' ages of faith,' whose vast proportions, whose clustering columns, whose tapering arches speak alike of the master mind that designed it and the generous people that gave embodiment to his grand conception. What have we here — people, not rich in the records of past greatness and con quest, not drawing upon the accumulated resources of generations, not abounding in the world's wealth, not many in number, nor powerful in social influ ence, entering upon the great work of raising a temple to the Most High in this new land of Aus tralia ; and though it was a stupendous work that might well claim the exercise of centuries , of heroic sacrifice, we find ourselves assembled beneath its lofty vault this evening, after the short period of 30 years, to give to God in its solemn dedi cation a manifestation which He will not be slow to recognize of the degree to which you have ?? loved the beauty of God's House and the* place where His glory dwelleth.' No wonder then that your Cardinal -Archbishop should desire to draw so largely upon the ceremonial of the Church to give fitting expressiou to this offering; that venerable prelates from distant Sees should assemble in their numbers to express their admiration of the work you have achieved and their joy at its consumma tion, and that the Catholic heart of Australia should beat responsive to yours on such an auspicious occa sion. But while all this is being so happily accom plished there is one thought which you should keep steadily before your mind. What is the great end which this cathedral is destined to serve i I shall tell you. To provide God a home that will be worthy of His majesty, to establish for Him amongst you a dwelling-place within whose hallowed pre-r cincts it will be your privilege to offer Him the homage of your hearts and the praises of your lips. The great end of this cathedral for evermore will be to enable you to fulfil that first and most important duty which you owe to God of adoring Him by sacrifice and prayer, by offering Him that external homage which as creatures of sense it must always be our duty to pay, of making public profession of our loyalty and love, 'that we may thus glorify ?- God in our bodiea and that those members that have served iniquity, may now serve justice unto sancti- ? i fication.' During the past three days thiB stately pile was the scene of a great and inspiring celebration. Many ' of the venerable and learned members of the Aus tralian Church graced the sanctuary with their pre sence, and thousands of devout worshippers thronged its spacious aisles. All this has been one high and specific purpose: that this great cathedral which your princely generosity has advanced to its present stage of completion might be taken over from your hands, and consecrated to God's service for ever. Thus then the celebration which closes to-day marks a memorable epoch in the history of your cathedral, and constitutes a happy augury of : consoling results in the future development and ' triumph of our.faith in this Southern land. In all : this you have great ground for consolation and joy; in all this you have a rich reward for the waiting and watching and the pecuniary sacrifices so. generously made by you and by your fathers for the past thirty years. In all this yru have rendered a glorious service to the interests of reli gion, which I feel persuaded the recording angel ? will inscribe in letters of gold on the pages ot the Book of Life in your favour. But let me remind you that there is something more required to build up the Church of God amongst us than the architec tural embellishment of costly fane and stately temple. There is the obedience to God's law, there-, spect for God's counsels, the faithful practice of Christian virtue. If we have a gorgeous cathedral and imposing ceremonial and the dazzling glitter of scarlet and gold and sparkling jewels, it is only to bring more forcibly before the mind and to impress more deeply upon the heart the paramount claims of those Truths, and hence when during the past three days you beheld with anxious gaze and glad dened spirits the proceedings which filled the spa cious sanctuary of this great cathedral with all the sublimity of Divine worship, the emotions thus necessarily awakened should be accompanied by a high conception of the grandeur of the duty of serving God and the sacredness of the obliga tion which binds us to its fulfilment. And again when all this shall have passed away, when you shall have returned to the quiet avocations of your daily life, and that you will come here as the calls of religious duty or the impulse of private de-; 'votion may move you, and that you gaze, as you necessarily must do, on the artistic beauty and the inspiring grandeur of this House of God, you should never forget there is one thing grander still —the worship of that God by the homage of our hearts and the obedience of our will. Thus this cathedral will be to you what it ought to be — ' the House of God and the gate, of heaven'; thus will flow into your hearts those precious graces of which it will be the never-failing fount tain ; thus you will edify and stimulate in the ways of righteousness and truth everyone around you who will have an opportunity of witnessing your virtuous lives ; thus you will help to promote in this fair land the observance of God's law and the spread of God's Church ; thus you will earn for yourselves a resting-place in those everlasting tabernacles where the song of the angels shall never cease to resound about God's throne, ' Holy, Holy, Holy Lord God, of hosts, the heavens and the earth are full of Thy glory. Hosanna to the highest, Glory be to the Father, Glory be to the Son, Glory be to the Holy Ghost.' .,.;'? 