CO-OPERATIVE SMELTING WORKS. A BOON TO TASMANIA. Bougbly speaking, the Wast Coast mineral fields may be divided into three districts, viz., the silver-lead producing neighborhood of Zeehan ; the tf«sebery lft Head mines with their zinciferous ores, and the Mt. Lyell country, where oopa*r is the principal factor. Of course there are slight exceptions to this rule, but on the whole this classification will be found to hold good. In the copper district of Mt. Lyell two contending sections of investors have tw be reckoned with, and as long as this state of affairs oontinius healthy compe tition — the soul of trade — is not likely to cease. he Mt. Lyell Co,, with its gi gantic works, works that have not their equal in any other part of the world, will not have it all its own way as lone as Crotty's Ghost lives in the Norti Lyell combination; but should there ever be an amalgamation, or something akin to it, Tasmania will rue that day. There is no need here to discuss the rea sons why this should be the case, as they will be far better understood from the state of affairs round Zethan, dealt with anon. Mt. Bead and Bosebery mines so far have not shown any gnat inclination t* make a combined stand against the Bine fiend, and as none of the companies has more money than it knows what to de with, any opinion as to the future in fluence of any one of them on the progress of these parts would be too speculative to be of present value. At Zeehan, however, where mining can look back upon a number of successful years, and ditto mines, the aspect is a different one. There a powerful Jewish combination with a pro forma office at London, although their operations are directed from Frankfort, in the Father land, have squatted themselves right be tween the fields and nearest seaport of Strahan. With any amount of capital behiau them, and a preponderance of in fluence in the world's metal market, they have in a comparatively small epaoe of time acquired a volume of interest in local mines, either directly or indi rectly, that would make more than one of our Tasmanian patriots feel uncomfort able. Wherever one cares to sound, be it in mining matters or other business lines, the gloved hand of the Smelting Co. is soon felt. Although operations from a purely technical point of view ran anything but smoothly during the past year, it is confidently asserted that the company's profits reached into fiva figures. Now it i s just here that those who have the welfare of Tasmania at heart must feel the boot pinch. Prior to the advent of the Tasmanian Smelting Co. silver-lead ?res were bought by the local agents of foreign firms, but, of course, they could only touch a pro duct above a certain percentage, and a good deal of inferior stuff had no sale at «'-?-? « uq viouviuu vx. uuc BuWluQiB UMUtt Hi difference in this. Ores of a some what lower grade found a market, and in consequence thereof the Tas manian Smelting Co. rightly came in for a good deal of favorable comment, some even going so far as to call them the ' saviour ' of the Zeehan fields. Without trying to argue against prophets of the latter class, we cannot help addressing a few words of advice on this scars to the sober-minded Tas manian taxpayer who is neither bought by th« ' fill-'em-up-again ' or the promise of a job. The Smelting Co. have invested and are circulating a good deal of cash that returns t» the perch, Ihey may also make apparently bad deals, yet. who hasn't given a eprat to catch a macke rel P They have lent a few thousands to the Queen Co., a lesser amount to the Sylvester Co., and probably also to other properties. We will only deal here with the case of the aforementioned two eom »ames. I he lasm. -'melting Co., who nave at their command the best ?rperts in tin world— of course they may get a dollar orce in a way— would hardly have nAvt iced the money had they not been tatiBfied that the properties would be of some value for their purposes. Yet both the Queen and the Sylvester have ceased to work, and in regard ts the former co. it is alleged that further amounts to work the mine were stopped on the plea tiiat the Transvaal war forced the ???molting Co. to draw in its horns. How ever, this may be, the fact must not be permitted to escape notice that the ?-meeting Co. also have taken up some mineral sections in the vicinity of the ?ylvester, thus holding, either directly or indirectly, a lien over the eround from the Queen (Zeehan) to the Sylvester (' omstock). The Tomstock district has of late been much heard of in connection with large zinc deposits, and as the 'I asm Smelting Co.'s uncles and aunts have a good deal to do with the spelter market at home, it is not unlikely that provided that they could get it at their own price, they wouldn't mind to make one meal of the whole cake. Yet would such a wholesale acquisition of immense sections be beneficial to the best interests of Tasmania P Let us look at it from still another point. fcuppoBe the Zeehan silver-lead oouipanies took it into their heads to rather sell at a lower pi ice to 'Jackit' Armstrong than to the smel ters, what then ? Isaac would have to shut up Bhop and go. Hencs the more properties the bmelting Ce. manage to write under their flag the more perma nent will be the outlook of their business) in fact, it would he decidedly ,to their interest to prevent the flotation of any more properties round Zeehan. 'Uken (or granted that the Smelting Company owned all, or nearly all, the produotive mines in the vicinity of Zeehan, about pne man would be employed where now four find work, A couple of managers could do all the supervision, and a reduc tion of the present 'mining staff of the West Coast would b» inevitable. Follow thic up with working men's cottages, ditto stores, and other means of getting back the wages, practised on a scientific basis in all big German -works, the out look for the Zeehan business people wouldn't be a particular bright one. But it is merely what we are accustomed to see in all places where a monopoly rules. What would business in Queenstown be like if it wasn't for th* different influ ences at work there. Yet even if the Lyell Co eventually managed to swallow all its pups some of the profits in the shape of dividends would still remain in the island. With the Tasm. Smelting Co. it is otherwise. Their profits do no benefit Tasmania by one iota, and not the fraction of a half-penny is likely to be spent by them unless they see a (rood return for it. No shares in the smelting Co. are held in Tasmania, ner are they to be bought. Hobart people have fought hard for the Great Western Railway, but for all this line will ever bring them it cannot be compared with the loss thiB island will suffer if an energetic attempt is not made to stop West Coast mines from being brought under one huge monopoly. 'Ilia mining industry is the backbone of our finances, and unless we make the most of it we shall be like the man who buried his pound. The only way out of this difficulty is the immediate erection of smelting works near Zeehan with the assistance of the Government, and if worked in conjunc tion with our railways they should be come a most valuable assst. But even if the Government did not care to enter this arena on its own, there is no reason why it shouldn't lend the various West Coast companies raising silver-lead ores, say, j612O,O00 at an annual interest of £1200 and a sum to be agreed upon for a sinking fund. If the Tasm. Smelting Co. earned a nett profit running into five figures there would, after allowing for the above, be plenty left to pay a pro rotm dividend to all companies on the value of the ore they had sold to the works dur ing the year. Thus a good prioe would be paid in the first instance, and an addi tional dividend at the end of the year. we uont Knew wnaii concessions line Tasm. melting Co. have from the Bail way Department, ard perhaps some one may ask this question in the House. The more information the public has on this matter the better chance there will be of a suceessf ul movement to draw for our selves as much benefit from our mineral resources as possible. If the game is worth ths candle to the Tasm. Smel ting Co. it should be worth a whole packet to ourselves. 