FOR SUNDAY. o 'THE PEOPIiE?S GHUST.' BY TEE liATE REV. 0. H. SPUiROBOiN. 'I liavo uxaited One chosen out of the people.'— jpsalm Ixxxix. 19. We will commence with our Saviour's ex traotiop. (Jhrist, by His very birth, was one of the people. True, He was bora of a royal ancestry. Mary and Joseph were both ol ?them uesceudants of a kingly race, but the glorj-' had departed j a stranger sat on tho throne of Juduu, while the lawful heir (?rasped the hummer and the adz*. Mark ye well the place of His nativity. Born in a acable — cradled in n manger wiiero the homed oxen fed — 'His only bed their fodder, His BiMttbers often broken by their lowmgs, lie niiuht bo a priace by birth j but certainly He liad not a princely retinue to wait upon Him. He was not clad in purple garments, neither 'wrapped in embroidered clothing j th« hulk of kings were not trodden by His feet, the marble paluces oi monarchs were not honored by His infant smiles. Take notico of the visitors who came around His cradle. Tlio shepherds came first of all. We never find that tney lost their way No, God guides the shepherds, and Ho did direct the wiso men, too, but they lost their way. It often happens that, while shepherd* find Ohrist, wise, meu miss Him. But, however, both of them came, the magi and tho shep herds; both knelt round thut manger, to (show us that Ohrist was the Ohrist of all men; that He was not merely the Christ of tho magi, but that Ho was the Christ of the shepherds— that He was not merely tho Saviour of the peasant, but also the Baviour of the learned. His education, too, demands our attention. Ho was not taken, as Moses wus, from his mother's breast, to bo edu cated in the halls of a monarch ; He was not brought up with all those affected airs which aro given 10 persons who have golden spoons in their mouths at their births. He was not brought up as tho lordliug, to look with disdain on everyone; but, His father being a, carpenter, doubtless he toiled in His father's workshop. 'Fit place,' a quaint author says, 'for Jesus ; for He had to mako a ladder that should reach from earth to heaven. And why should He not be the son nf n f'.irnGnter?' Full well he knew the curse of Adam: 'In the aweat of thy faca shalt thou eat bread.' Had you seen the holy Child Jesus, you would have beheld nothing to distinguish Him from other chil dren, save that unsullied purity which rested iu His very countenance. When our Lord entered into public life, still He was the same. Wihat was His rank? Did he array Himself in scarlet and purple? Oh! no; He wore the gimple garb of a peasant— that robe 'without seam from the top to the bottom,' one simple piece of stuff, without ornament or embroidery. Did He dwell in state, and make a magnificent show in His journey through Judea? No 5 He toiled His weary ?W'ay, and sat down on the kerbstone of the well of Sychar He was like others, a poor Man; He had not courtiers around Him j He hnt\ fiahfirmen for His companions ; and when He spoke, did He speak with smooth and oily words? Did He walk with dainty foot steps, like the king of Amalek? No, He often spoke like the rough Elijah ; He (spoke what He meant, and He meant wihat He said. Ho spoke to the people as the people's Man. His motives are apparent ; and without pretending to enter the cabinet council of Jehovah, we may discover tihem. For one thing, we see that justice is thereby fully satisfied by the choice of one out of the people. The law declares 'Tho soul that suineth, it shall die.1 Now, man sins, and therefore man must die. Justice required that, as by man came death, by man also should come the resurrection and the life. The Jaw required that, as man was tho sinner, man should be the victim— that as in Adam all died, even so in another Adam should all be made alive. Consequently it was' necessary that Jesus Christ should bo chosen out of the people ; for had yon blazing; angfil near the throne, that lofty Gabriel, laid aside his splendors, descended to our earth, endured pain, suffered agonies, entered the vault of death, and groaned out a miserable existence in an extremity of woe, 'after all he would not have satisfied inflexible justice, because it in said a man must die, and otherwise the sentence is not executed. But there is another reason why Jesus Ohrist was chosen out of the people. It is because thereby the whole race receives honor. Do you know, T would not be an angel, if Gabriel would ask me. If he would beseech me to m.r.V.nnrro T\1anno rvifh him. T WOUld not '. X should lose so much by the esshange, and he ?would gain so much. Poor, weak, and worth less though I am, yet I am a manv and, being a man, there is a dignity about msBhood-ft dignity lost one day in the garden of ihe fall, but regained in the garden of resurrection. It is a fact, that a man is greater than an angel — tha-t in heaven humanity stands nearer the throne than angelic existence. You will read in the Book of the Eevelation, of the four Mid-twenty eldvis vha stood around the throne, and in the outer circle stood, the angels.- The elders, who are the representa tives of the whole church, were honored wit/h a greator nearness to God than tlio minister ing spirits. Why, man — elect man — ia iha greatest thing in bhe universe, except God. Man sits up there — look ! at God's ri#ht hud, radiaut with glory, there sits a M*in ! Ask me who governs Providence, and directs ? hs awfully mysterious machinery ; I tell you it is a Man — tho Man Ohrist Jesus. Ask ma who shall come to judge the earth in right eousness, and I say, a Man. A real, veritable Man is to hold the scales of- judgment, and ?to call all nations around Tlim, And who is the channel of grace? Who is tho emporium of all the Father's mercy? Who is the great gathering up of all the love of the covenant? I reply, a Man— the Mun Ohrist Jcisus. -ifld Christ, being a man, has ejalterf you, and exalted me, and put us into the highest ranks.. He made us, etfiginally, a little lower than tho angels, and now, despite our fall in Aditin. He hath crowned us, His elect, with g&ry; and honor, nnd hath set us at His right hand in heavenly places in Christ Jesus, thu-b in the ages to come He might show the ex ceeding riches of nis grace in His kindness towards ns through Christ Jesus. But, my brethren, let us tako a sweeter view fihan that. Why was He chosen out of the pfople? Was it not this — that He mijjht be abfe to be thy brother in the blest tie of kindred blood? Oh ! what relationship there is be tween Christ aud the beliover ! 'One there is above all others Well deserves blie name of Friend J His is love beyond a' brother's, . '. Faithful, free, and knows no end.' I have a great Brother in heaven. I have' heard boys say sometimes in the street that they would' tell Uieir brother; and I have often said so when the .enemy lias attacked me— ''I will tell my Brother in heaven.11 I may bs poor, but I havo a Brother who is rich; I have a Brother who is a King j I am a brother to -ilio Prince of the kings of the earth ; and will He Buffer mo to starve, or want, or lack, while He ja on His throne? Oji, no; JJ0 loves me; Ho has fraternal feelings towards me; Ho is my Brother. B.ut, more tthau that: think, O believer! Christ k not merely thy Brother, but Ho is tiliy Hunbond. 'Thy Maker is thy Husband ; tho Lord of Hosts is Hia name,' Oh! to know by the in fluence of tho Holy Ghost that the sweet allience is mado between mv soul and tJie ever-precious Je&us; sure, 'tis enough to quicken all my soul to music, and mako each atom of my frame a grateful songster to the praise of Christ. Come, let me re momlber when I lay like an infant in my blood, cast out in the open field; let me recollect lira notalblo moment when Ho said, 'Live !' and let me nevor forget that He has educated me, trained me up, and one day will espouse mo to Himsolf in righteousness, crowning mo with a nuptial crown in the palace of His father. Oh! it is bliss un speakable ! I wonder not that the thought doth stugaer my words to utter it!— that Christ is one of tho people, that He might be nearly related to you and to me, that He might be the next of kin. 'In ties of blood with winners onOi Our Jesus is to glory gone ; Hath all His foes to ruin hurled — Sin, Satau, earth, dealdi, hell, the world.' Saint, wear this blessed thought, like a necklace of diamonds, around Ohe neck of thy memory ; put it, as a golden ring, on the linger of recollection ; and use it as the King's own seal, stumping the petitions of thy faith with confidence and success. But now another idea suggests itself. Ohrist was chosen out of the people that He might uuow our wanta ami sympathise with us. My brooher Christian, there is no placo wiic-re thou canst go whore Uhrist has uot been before thee, sinful place alone oxcopted. In the dark valley of the shadow of dea.fch thou inayest see His bloody footsteps— foot' prints marked with gore ; ay, even at the deep waters of the swelling Jordan thou shalt, wlieu thou somest hard by the side, say, 'There are tiie footprints of a Man; whose are they?' Stoopiug down, thou shalt dis cern a nail-mark, and shalt say, 'Those ara the footsteps of Uie Blessed Jesus.' He hath been before thee ; He hath smoothed but way ; He hath entered tho grave, that He might make the tomb the royal bedchamber of bhe ransomed race, the closet where thej lay side the garments of labor to put on the vestments of eternal rest. In all places whithersoever we go, the Angel of the covenant has been our forerunner ; each bur den we carry has once been laid on the shoulders of Immanuel. 'His way was much rougher and darker bliaa mine ; Did Ghrist my Lord suffer, and shall I «? pine?' When oar Lord shall come again, it will not be in humiliation, for He shall sit upon the throne of His father David, and shall judge all nations. 'The Lord shall come, but nob the same !Aa once in lowliness He came 5 A humble Man before His foes ; A weary Man, and full of woes.' Ah, no. Rainbows shall be about His head s He shall hold the sun in His right hand an the token of His government ; Ho shall put the moon and stars beneath His feet, as the dust of the pedestal of ffis throne, which shall be of solid clouds of light. The books shall be opened— those massive books which contain tho deeds of both quick and dead. Ah ! how shall the despised Nazarene sit tri umphant over all His foes. No more the taunt, the jeer, the scoff; but one hideous cry of misery, 'Hide us from the face oi Him that sitteth on the throne!' Oh, ye who now look with contempt on Jesus and His cross, I tremble for you. Oh, fiercer than R. lion on his prey is love when once in censed. Oh, despisers ! I warn ye of that day when the placid brow of the Man of Sor rows shall be knit with frowns ; when the eye, which once was moistened by dowdrops of pity shall flash lightning on its enemies, and tdie hand whioh once was nailed to tho cross for our redemption, shall grasp the VHUUVIV4MUKU iui JUU1 IUUUUUU1UJ1 \ WJUie \jllG moutih which once said, 'Come unto Me, ye weary,' shall pronounce in words louder and more terrible than Dhe voice of the thunder, 'Depart ye, cursed !' Sinners ! ye may think it a trifle to sin against the Man of _ Nazareth, but ye shall find that in so doing ye have offended bhe Man who shall judge the eartth in righteousness; and for your rebellion ye shall endure craves of tor ment in the eternal ocean of wrath. From that doom may God deliver you ! Ookmel M'Calmr/nt, the millionaire M.P., of Oheveley Park, Newmarket, -vho is at present in South Africa with his regiment, has just had hia new yacht, tih© Banshee, suc cessfully launched ut Leith. Kho ia a, Bteam yacht, with a lungth on the load water-line of 330ft., ti breadth of 29ft. 6in., and a depth of 18ft. 6in. Her driving machinery will bo worked by two irulopiaident sets of powerful triple-eipansiou engines. The ac commodation j.s of tho most complete kind, and tho appointments uro bust that money cat), buy. In one important respect tho lkinshee will differ from -my other vessel of h« kind, hh she will have, in addition to olw usual fittings, two Holcfiki&s; quick firm g gunfi. Sho is also to be fitted with a i mill AlVUb Fifteen fried eggs in five minutes— a pause foe.1 ?efresmenfes— and then a second couveo of au additional five eggs. It takes a man with stern perseverance and a weather beaten constitution to swallow that quan tity of eggs and not find it monotonous. But a man wt Nuneaton 'luis done it, and when last heard of seemed to thrive on his diet. He backed himself to eat 20 fried egga in a quarter of an hour, and performed his feilr -with «. fair ntergin of minutes in hand. To .move his further capacity he added two bottv.es oi ginger-beer to Ma meal. 