SHORT STORY- \- i / ; ; Abflut > a Necklace.; and Something Else, I am a coward ; . itds no good saying I am noty for Jam and I know it quite well. Some people say I am brave, some even strong-mindod, but; that is principally because I don't mind about mice and blackbeotles, and never scream when I am frightened; none the- less, really I am a coward. as I think! this tale of the haunted iwui v'lil huow. It was Christmas time, and I was 'stay ing with my friend, ; Dolly Vanborough. Dolly is a sweet little creature, as lovable and fair and lively as; I am the reverse, which, of. course, tends to make us tho greater friends. Still, though we had been school chums, X had never stayed with her till that Christmas, and so did not know her people. I was rather afraid of .them, they, were very rich, and quite kings, in their own country, with a big old -house.: and ; lots . of company. Dolly's brother j. Derrick I was tfrai'd of too ; he was much, older than Dolly, very, clever, and grave and silent — rather a terrible personage. And, to make matters worse, Dolly,,. who is. the dearest little dunce. in the world, .persists in believing me clever, and in.trying to impress other people with her belief.. However, Mr Derrick was very polite, and protended he liked talk ing to me, and never appeared to be aware of;my mistakes. His mother and father, too, were so kind, and inisted on my pro longing my visit indefinitely. Altogether, I enjoyed myself; in.spite of : the haunted room; ; I slept in it. It was not supposed' to be much haunted, and for a long time I heard and "saw nothing; No. one before me seemed to have been particularly troubled; the only, objection to the place1 being its. distance from the occupied, part of the house.. I first saw my ghost-When I began, to inquire into his Btory. I did not do this very early in my visit.-: It is. true I asked Dolly about it soon after! my arrival,; but she knew nothing, and then! there were so many other, things to think 'of; thac Iforgot to seek, further; particulars, till ('one 'evening, at dinner my neighbour-' begun- a_ ghosti. conversation. ;; Of' course, this reminded me of my haunted'chamber; and I applied to the general public for information. Unfortunately; I If conld not ; get much. All 'I icould gather was' that fob -nearly eighty. ..years the room, was supposed to have ! been occasionally visited more by mysterious noises, and; wandering lights! thanianything else ; even these had conaed entirelyfor, along time. The date when the haunting began was at the-death of Dolly's ; great i great grabdmother, when; also a. .very valuable diamond necklace disappeared ; some shadowy tradition con nected these facts in a tangled way. I was veryinterested, of course; and asked heaps of questions, among others;1 whether they had searched my room for. the. neck lace; .; > 'Oh, yes ;; they .'have turned the whole house out of window one time and another,' Mr.' VnnhntAn»vi< . rnr -nnrlt T don't'altogether believe in that . necklace. I have a fancy that it was privately sold, and its ignominious, end concealed by this story.' I do not think Mr Derrick agreed with his father, and Dolly would have nothing to do witheo unromantic a conclusion. She_ and the younger guests agreed to institute a search the next day. Of course nothing came of it. If you had scan them looking you would not have wondered. Anything more utterly unsystematic I cannot imagine. The search itself was in no way important. It was the night after that my experiences of haunted rooms began. . I had been asleep some time when some slight noise woke me ; I am a light sleeper and , the least thing rouses me, I was looking drowsily round, as one does on first waking .me up at once. The fire was "out an,d, oxpept for . a littlo moonlight, the room was very dork. Plainly, in the patch of fight, I sow, between two planks of the fioqr, . which was polished and only furnished oh the matoasis principle, the fingers iof a hand. I was simply petrified with horror at the sight and lay bathed in cold perspiration storing at it, too fright ened to scream or move. As I, fascinated, watched ijt, I saw it; creep along the edge of the. board .for the. apace of a foot or more; .then;,, as its progress was towards the bed, I gathered . together all , the little co.urage I had anfi gasped, ' Go away, do go away.' And as if it had . heard me, the hand went creeping baok . again and vanished ! r It was long before I slept again, but at .. last 1 did, and with the return of daylight I had a, return of courage. In fact, by ihprriing, , so ' brauie had I become that I 'examined' ' the crack between the two fioatds ' where the . ghost hand had ap peared. To my great surprise I discovered that by forcing' it a little way and pushing with it strong .comb, I was able to slide one jilank back a : couple of inches. Through' the aperture thus made I could see nothing owing to tho darkness, but by tying a pocket-knife to a piece of string and using it as a plummet, I found the distance below was considerable. . The old library, the room under mine, wrs very low, I knew therefore it was, easy to imagine there might he some sort of hiding hole between: the floor of the one room and the ceiling oi the other. I questioned Dolly about it when I saw her alone after breakfast, but she knew nothing I 'wished to keep my adventure to myself/so I was not very explicit, I am afraid. In spite of my intentions of. secrecy, there wsb one person who found me out, and that was Mr ' Derrick. Quite how lie did it I do not know; he guessed part and compelled me to tell him the rest. Of course, he wanted me to give up my room in consequence, and, of couise, I would, not. We both behaved rather queerly about it, I fancy, for when I flatly declined to sleep anywhere else (which I did partly from obstinacy and partly from fear of being laughed at), he asked me to do so 'for his sake!' And I in return begged him to allow me to keep my room one more night. After some hesitation he consented to do so on condition that I would leave my door unfastened. I went to dress for dinner early that night, and took upstairs with mo some long tacks. With those, using the heel of slipper as a hammer, I fastened the big gest mat in the room over tho Bliding- board. Then' I had a thorough hunt in all' the likely and unlikely places I could think of for the necklace, which, needless to say, I did not find. During dinner, however, I found something else — a hand very like my ghost hand ! There is a wondorf ul lot of difference in hands; my ghost hand, which, was naturally very clearly impressed on my mind, had short fingers full of littlo creases and very knobby joints. I noticed, when ho was pouring out some sherry forme, that B uncel, the butler bad a wonderfully similar hand. This interested me very much, and I set to work to find out all I could about tho the man. I learned that ho was a most worthy person, and had served tho Van- borough family from boyhood, as his father had before him. Indeed, the latter had been in their service at the time of the disappearance of the necklace. I did not tell anyone about the hand coincident ; I thought it best, because, you see, there really was very littlo to go upon; all the same I could notholp think. lug about it in a 'really' foolish fashion that, night. What with that and .specu lating about Mr. Derrick's behaviour, which had been most perplexing, I found when, having looked under the bod, I got inside it, that it was quite impossible to sleep. I kept looking from the mat- covered board to the unlocked door, and thon back to tho board again, and thinking and thinking of— oh, lots of things, till it becamo quite dreadful. At last, unable to stand tho strain any longer, I got up and went to tho fireplace; and stood staring at the now low and smouldering fire; The room was quite warm, and my dressing, gown was beyond that horrid sliding-- board in a. dark corner, and I am ashamed to confost I: had i not the courage to fetch it. The fire, as J said, was getting low, and, and, as- 1 had no fancy, for being left in the. dark by. its expiring' altogether, I turned to got some wood to replenish it. As I stooped . I leaned one hand against the woodwork of- -a -panel by the mantel piece for support. Suddonly it gave way beneath tho pressure, and, I nearly lost my balance and quite lost my nerve in conse quence. Hastily withdrawing my hand, I poked up the fire, and, still shaking a. little, proceeded to examine my new dis covery, of course brimming over with the idea of finding the necklace. Tho aperture so unexpectedly revealed looked like a small cupboard, and was not more than twelve or fourteen inches anyway ; it was, moreover, quite devoid of interest, and absolutely' empty. I had come to this con clusion—it did not take, long to do - so, see ing that it could be discovered . at a glance —when another idea occurred to . me. Supposing. this secret cupboard was only, the. ante-chamber, that it contained, hid den, in 'it, tho entrance' to another ? : Such, a thing seemed possible— indeed, nothing seemed impossible in my surprising room, especially at that, hour of night. . Accord ingly, I felt and poked all round the small, place, not., forgetting, to keep, an eye on that nailed mat. All > at once, something clicked; gave— - and then there was a - thud — a snap — and ijlie spring had closed again as- suddenly as it had opened- But it had left some thing outside, something that had fallen down when it had opened— what was it ? I turned to the firelight, with a mad excitement shaking me all over. No!' Yes, it' was— it was really the lost neck lace! ' iTliere; it( woe, folded in paper, lost for years,' but glimmering, glowing in the firelight like drops of crystallised light! And I, spellbound, held it, admiring it as only a woman can admire diamonds, oblivious alike of door and board. ' And then suddenly a hand was placed over my mouth, a weight wag flung on me from behind, and the next instant the necklace lay/a pool of light on the floor, and I was looked in deadly, combat. ; I am strong, very Btrong— girls are nowa days — and I am stronger than most, -and though I was taken unawares, I ; was no mean adversary for my unknown foe, hampered as . he was by long white, draperies suitable to his role of ghost. I am afraid, unwomanly as. it may .seem, I. dearly love a tussle, not quite suoh'an- earnest one as that, was ; though I some- > hnnr Irnaw f.linn fVinf if wro n » and death we were fighting out as we rolled over and over on the polished floor. A matter of life and death to be fought and fought alone, for my own room was so far removed from the' rest of the house hold that ' I might even then have been murdered without their knowledge. 11 Was I so far removed froni everyone ? How was it, then, that the door flew.openj and a man rushed in, and, divining joy in stinct between the two struggling figures, dealt the ghost such a blow, reducing him to silence? How was it, and who wis it ? Why, Derrick ! Yes, Derrick, who Had watched all night in the next room, the old disused picture- jroom, and who stood with pale face and gambling hands, all fearful for me; D|er- riok, who picked up the necklace and hung it round my neolc, and vowed no one should wear it but me; Derrick, who' gathered me in his arms, and then apolo gised, and then asked me if he might, and ' — oh ! I can't tell any more ! Just a -word about Mr Buncell, though. It appears his father had stolen the nook-" -lace and hidden it until he could find a .convenient opportunity for selling it; The opportunity- never came, and owing to his sudden death, the exact whereabouts of hiding-place was never known. His son, :who had spent much time looking for it .unsuccessfully, believed it to be hidden somewhere in my room. When he saw the unexpected publicity given to the story, and the energetic searoli made for the- necklace, he felt he must take desperate .measures, and carry on the hunt himself; , and, ns he was unable to go to the room in' the day without causing remark, he deter- , mined to do so at night. If by so doing ! he frightened me into giving up the room, he would no doubt have been very pleased, as he would have liad:'the coast clear. 'The space between the library and my , room and the sliding-feoard, which was one ;of the two ways into it, had been made during a time of religious persecution, it was believed, but its exact history was -never known. Tho seorot cupboard and its hidden spring were probably con structed by Buncell's father, who waB well versed in the ways of looks and springs. There is really nothing more to tell, , except that no ,one has ever worn the neck lace but me. Mrs Vanborough says she is I too old for such thingB, and Mr. Van borough says it becomes his .son's wife, : especoially as she found it, and Derrick says— well, lots of things.— U. L. Sin- b helt ad. 