Only a Station Hand FOR THE " SUNDAY TIMES " By Edie Unwin And I know that if here or there alone I found him, fairly, and face to face, Having in his body, I would slay my own ; That my soul to Satan his soul might chase. THE words were read with an emphasis, which, if not strictly correct from an elocutionary point of view, appealed powerfully to the audience, and the reader's eyes blazed with a fierce fire, while hoarse murmurs of approval endorsed the sentiment. A strange scene truly. The men's hut on a large station on the border of New South Wales and Queensland. A rough weatherboard building, the interior a little rougher, perhaps, than the exterior. Around a great wood fire blazing and crackling on the wide hearth, sat a group of men. Bearded, with faces tanned by exposure to all weathers, and with the free and easy absence of " starch," either in apparel or manners, that betokens the Australian bushman. By the light of a solitary candle, that guttered and flared as the wind found its way through the many cracks and crannies in the walls, a man was reading aloud from a well-thumbed volume of Gordon's poems, add, judging from the attention bestowed, on him, Gordon was evidently THE author par excellence, in their somewhat meagre library. A picture fit for the brush of Salvator Rosa or Rembrandt, the firelight leaping and flickering, and casting grotesque shadows on the walls and raftered ceiling— guiltless of plaster or whitewash, and wreathed from beam to beam with huge smoke-begrimed cobwebs—the reader's face thrown into strong relief by the candle, the whole scene obscured by a thick cloud of tobacco smoke, for, given four or five men each puffing lustily at a briar, the atmosphere soon becomes, to put it mildly, somewhat foggy. Four of the men sat round the fire ; one on a kerosene tin, another on a flour barrel, a third on a sugar cask, the one chair the room possessed being given to the reader. Lastly, lying full length on a rude trestle bed in a corner where the firelight seemed to throw a deeper shadow than elsewhere, was the fifth occupant of the hut—known familiarly among his mates as " Old Jack. " Not that he was really old. Barely past middle age—though his tawny beard was plentifully streaked with grey—there was a subtle difference between him and his comrades. His speech had none of the twang that marks the true Colonial, and though tall, he was broad in proportion, unlike the typical slim, not to say lanky, 'Australian, and there was a certain nameless distinction in his bearing, however rough his surroundings, that plainly told of far different scenes than the life of a " station hand." Jack Osgood, he called himself, though soon his surname grew to be forgotten altogether, and he himself started as if surprised on the rare occasions he was addressed by it. His comrades liked him, though he had none of the free-and-easy jollity that constitutes a favorite in such a community. On the contrary, he was taciturn in speech, and however wild the mirth might be, none had ever seen him laugh. He drank little, but smoked hard, and could do his share, of swearing, when occasion warranted, with the best of them ; but then, if he never got drunk himself, he never " preached " at a fellow who somehow found the whisky of the nearest bush pub. too much for him while " knocking down his cheque." It was this, as well as the remembrance of how he nursed Jim Alders through his bout of fever, that went far to gain for him esteem. As for big Jim, he was Jack's sworn pal and ally. He never forgot how, through the long hots nights, no matter how hard the day may have been, Jack had watched beside him, ready to wet his parched lips with cooling drinks or to shake up the pillows that the poor aching head might rest more comfortably. " D——n it all !" Jim would say, with more force than elegance—"d——n it all, a woman couldn't have been more gentle !" Jack had lain perfectly still, puffing silently at his black pipe, as was his wont, but none the less he had not lost a word of Gordon's " No Name." If the others' eyes had gleamed with the fire kindled by the fierce words, his fairly blazed, and his face was hardly recognisable so distorted was it with passion. But not a sound issued from that shadowy corner, not even when the hearers broke into low murmurs of applause, as the reader finished. " Jack's asleep," says Tom. " Say, boys, it's a fair thing to turn in." " Give us ' How We Beat the Favorite' first, Tom," says big Jim, and the best known, and perhaps best appreciated, of Gordon's poems by the average Australian, is given' with a verve and swing that makes Tom's little audience see in imagination the gay colors come flying up the straight, and hear the dull thud of the hoofs oh the turf mingling with the roar of the multitude as they hail the winner. CHAPTER II. One of these poets, which is it ? Somewhere or another sings That the crown of a sorrow's sorrow Is remembering happier things. What the crown of a sorrow's sorrow May be I know not ; but this I know, It lightens the years that are now Sometimes to think of the years ago. —A. L. GORDON. Long after the others were asleep Jack. lay gazing at the dying fire. Those words seemed burnt into his brain : " I would slay his body, and then my own. That my soul to Satan Ms soul might chase." The night wind sobbing round the hut echoed them and made them the burden of its song, and he muttered between his teeth : " Aye, that I would, and gladly," with a fierce joy lighting up his face. Lying there, looking into the fire, ghosts of the past rose up, as many a time they had risen before, and Jack Osgood strove in vain to crush them back again into their graves. The hut, lighted dimly by the dull red glare of the embers, had vanished, and he see's instead a ballroom decorated with flags and regimen tar trophies. The band is playing one of Waldteufel's dreamiest waltzes ; the air is heavy with perfume, and he sees himself—himself as he was in those long ago times. In all the bravery of Hussar uniform, bright eyes glance approvingly on him, but he heeds them not All his gaze is riveted on a girl in a simple white dress, whose golden hair makes an aureole of glory round her lovely face, and whose great blue eyes are flashing with triumph, for this is ler first ball, and she is the belle, in a room, too, where there is hardly a woman who cannot lay a strong claim to beauty. Dazzled by the glamor of her wondrous childlike beauty, he does not see her lack of soul, and he, who hitherto has passed unscathed by women's loveliness, falls at once into the toils of Beryl Gray. Only one shadow clouds his happiness when he wins her for his own—his dearest friend. Charles Molyneux, alone forgets to congratulate him, and he wonders dimly whether Charlie is jealous of this new love which is taking the place of their ancient friendship. The days roll on, and Beryl Gray becomes Beryl Sainton, for in those days he was Captain John Sainton, of H. M. 116th Hussars. Then rises a ghost that seems to draw tears of blood from the fierce eyes gazing at it in the firelight—the ghost of happy days—days so full of unalloyed bliss that he must crush down their memory or cry aloud in his bitter agony. Beryl's beauty grows more wondrous, but sometimes through his passionate love there steals a faint thrill of disappointment that the heart and soul of such angelic beauty should be so cold, but he instantly puts away the thought as treason, and lavishes still more tender care on her. Then comes a terrible time. His regiment is ordered to Egypt, and a fierce struggle betwixt love and honor ensues. How can he leave her ? love pleads, but pleads in vain, and at last the parting is over. Beryl has sobbed the last sob she ever will on his true heart, and before his sorrow unmans him, he almost roughly pushes her from him into Molyneux's arms. Ah, yes ! Charlie is his best friend ; he will see that she wants nothing until he returns better than old Lady Nott, her aunt, who has never looked with favor on him, considering that her lovely niece might have done better than a Captain of Hussars with nothing but his pay and a beggarly £800 a year. Ah ! foolish, love-blinded eyes that could not tell false friend ; better indeed had you trusted her to the old woman, who, though she disliked you, was at least honest and true. Away, ghost of a dead sorrow, away, and give place to a greater even than thou. How vivid it all is ! Once more in London —dear, sooty, smoke-begrimed London. Will the cab never reach home where his darling awaits him ? She had not met him at the station, but then she always hated anything like emotion in public. Of course she was quite right. Can't the cabby make that crawling brute of his go faster ? Cabby looks In astonishment at his fare, for Oie is driving at a breakneck speed, so John Sainton, to pass the leaden moments, falls to wondering what she will wear. Will it be blue ? Ah ! A that was the color for her—roseleaf tints. Or, no, it will be white. He always liked her best in white—she wore white when first he saw her. The cab stopped. " Ere y'are, sir !" says cabby, as, expectant of a big fare, he jumps down and runs up the steps with the portmanteau. But John hesitates with a strange sense of coming evil dulling his brain, which he tries to shake off as he rings the bell, sending cabby off gratified beyond his wildest hopes. The door is opened. Is it pity or fear which reigns, on the maid's face ? " Mistress isn't at home." " Not at home !" He turns upon her in incredulous rage. " Please, sir, if you are Captain Sainton, there is a note on mistress' dressing table for you." Before she has time to finish her sentence he rushes past her, that strange numbing pain growing stronger each moment. On the threshold of her room he pauses. What, if, after all, she is but playing some cruel trick on him ? She is here waiting for him, but that cruel pain answers " No !" more distinctly than words. How empty the room seems ! Yet how full of memories of her. Here a dainty satin slipper—what a tiny foot she has— there a handkerchief in which still lingers the perfume she likes best—white lilac, he thinks it is. There on the table lies her note. He knows her irregular writing, and a strange reluctance to read it comes over him. After all it is nothing—Lady Nott is ill—dying— and Beryl is bound to go to her. Yet again that cruel pain says " No !" He breaks the seal. Ah ! cruel, cruel words that blot but all the life in such a true and noble soul ! " Gone—Charlie Molyneux—loved him always—our marriage fatal mistake. Forget, forgive.—BERYL." He reads the words in a dull, dazed fashion, as one who comprehends not—then, as the truth breaks in all it,s hideous light upon him, he staggers backward as though struck by a mighty blow, and fall senseless to the ground. Crash ! The last flame leaps upward, illumining for an instant the sleeping forms of the men, and the agonised face of Jack Osgood. The logs fall, and darkness impenetrable settles on the hut, while in the distance the wailing scream of the curlew is heard, or is it tho cry of the ghosts of the dead past, as with a mighty effort he shakes himself free from their sway ? CHAPTER III. Strength's a shadow ; Hope is madness Love, delusion, Friendship, sham ; Pleasure fades away to sadness. None of these are worth a d——n. But a stout heart still maintaining, Quells the ills we all must meet, And a spirit, fear disdaining, Lays our troubles at our feet. So we'll ne'er surrender tamely To the ills that throng us fast. If we must die, let's die gamely, Luck may take a turn at last. —A. L. GORDON. When Jack came in next evening, thoroughty tired out with a long, hot day's ride after some, missing cattle, there was evidently a new topic of absorbing interest under discussion at supper. 'My word, she's a regular thoroughbred !" big Jim was saying, " and rides— well, you should just see her !" " Who's the fair lady, Jim ?" inquires Jack, lazily, and a broad grin of amusement becomes visible on all faces, for Jim. in spite of his unprepossessing appearance —he is 6ft 4in and of an exceeding lankiness —is of a most inflammable nature, constantly head over ears in love, generally with the most ineligible objects. " Why, Mrs. Molyneux, wife of the English swell who is on a, visit to the manager. She's a great friend of Mrs. Cathcart's, I fancy. At any rate, they came up with her from Sydney yesterday." All color faded from Jack's weather-beaten face. A sound as of the rushing of many waters surged through his brain, and a strange mist blotted out everything, even Jim's honest, daredevil face. " What's up, old man ?" asked Tom Simpson, peering curiously at him through the semi-darkness of the hut. " Nothing," Jack gasped out. " The sun was a bit too hot down in Deadman's Gully to-day hunting after those d——d cattle. Be quick with the billy, old chap ; my throat's as dry as a limekiln." Tom was apparently satisfied with the explanation ; but Jim, with a friend's loving instinct, guessed that something more than the sun had been " too much for old Jack," though, with unlooked-for tact, he said nothing, but contented himself with watching him furtively, and he saw that Jack's throat must indeed be as dry as the provervial limekiln, judging from the way he swallowed pannikin after pannikin of tea, scarcely touching the damper or grilled steak which Tom produced triumphantly from the wood ashes, for Tom prided himself greatly on his culinary skill. " Guess he's in for a touch of that cursed fever," was Jim's inward comment. " I'll have to keep my eye on old Jack." Next morning a message came down to the men's hut. Jack was wanted on some business up at the house. With a strange, expectant thrill Jack strode up the garden that Ah Chow, Mrs. Cathcart's Chinese gardener, contrived always to keep bright with flowers, and stood in the broad, shady verandah waiting till the manager had finished breakfast. From the open French windows Jack could hear the murmur of voices, mingled with the clatter of silver and china, which told him that the meal was still in progress ; so, lighting his pipe, he seated himself on the verandah, prepared to wait with a bushman's philosophic calm. His soft hat tilted over his eyes, he was lost in a calculation of how many unmarked cattle were to be branded, when a woman's light laugh broke in upon his thoughts. What was there in that laugh, clear as a peal of silver bells, to make him spring to his feet and gaze wildly before him ? Coming towards him, the light and shadow of the trellised creepers flecking her white dress and glorifying her golden head, was Beryl, his Beryl—oh, no ! that was long ago—but lovely as over, her girlish beauty ripened into perfection. She was making some laughing rejoinder to the manager, and for an instant her great blue eyes rested curiously on the tall figure of the man in rough shirt and moleskins and high riding boots standing in the full blaze of the sunlight. A sickening fear that she would recognise him seized him, and he caught mechanically at the verandah post, heedless that a Gloire de Dijon had twined around it and was pressing its thorns deep into his hand. But he need not have feared. It would have taken far keener eyes to recognise in this sunburnt, bearded boundary rider the handsome Hussar of, long ago. How Jack answered coherently to the manager's questions, he never knew, for all the while his eyes rested on, and his mind was full of, that graceful, white-clad figure standing in the shadow of the verandah toying with a great yellow rose. Then began a veritable martyrdom for the man who had already suffered so much. Day after day he had to ride with the manager, who was bent on showing his English friends every aspect of a large Australian station. He saw Charlie Molyneux, trim and dapper as of old, no trace of remorse on his handsome face for the life he had wrecked, the loyal friendship he had betrayed. Sometimes he felt that he must throw restraint to the winds and make the false pair pay their full price of shame for their treachery ; and again a dull apathy would settle on him, and he would look on with odd indifference at the tragedy Fate unfolded before him. Once, when riding home in the brief Australian twilight, something happened to Beryl's stirrup, and Cathcart, who feared trouble with his horse if he dismounted, called to Jack, who was riding a little behind A great wave of feeling—was it the dead love he thought she had so utterly killed ? —swept over him as her habit brushed his face, and from its folds there stole the same sweet subtle scent of white lilac, so well remembered ; and those few moments came as a breath of cooling wind across the fever of, his tormented soul. " Why, Osgood," said Cathcart, goodnaturedly, " you're all fingers and thumbs fixing that stirrup." Jack raised his white, passion-torn face and said, simply : " I could hardly see, sir, it's getting so dark." Aye, aye, very dark ! But courage, brave soul, the light is near at hand. So days of terrible torment and nights of mad brooding crept slowly by, and Jack wondered if those English visitors were going to stay on the station for ever. Yet, counting by mere days, they had been scarcely a fortnight—to him an eternity of hideous agony. Sometimes a fierce triumph seized him. God had given his enemy into his hands. He would wait his opportunity, and alone, and face to face, he would exact heavy reckoning for all the past of shame and misery. Taciturn he had always been, but now his comrades rarely, if ever, heard him speak, and Jim's eyes would follow him with the vague trouble one sees in the faithful eyes of a dog. " Say, old chap, what's up ?" he ventured to say at last, and Jack, looking into his friend's ugly, honest face, answered, gently : " Nothing, Jim, but what God and time will cure." And Jim was more than ever convinced that " Jack had that cussed fever." Aye, the fever of mad desire for revenge— a fever that drained away hope and love, and even life itself. At last he heard that Mr. and Mrs. Molyneux were going down to Sydney in a day or two, and he felt he dare not let any opportunity slip through his fingers. The next morning all the unmarked cattle were to be branded, and a busy time was anticipated. " I guess that English swell will see something he never saw in the old country," said Dick Featherston. " H'm ! Hope his dandified nerves will stand it," said another, stooping to light his pipe at the fire. " Well, he can ride, anyhow.'' said Tom. " You should have seen him on that ugly brute of a buck-jumper that the boss keeps for new chums to show off their ridin'. My word, no matter what it did, it couldn't get him off at any price ; he licked it all to fits." A strange sense of pleasure steals over Jack at the praise his whilom friend has earned from these rough, plain-spoken men. For the first time that evening he speaks : " Ride ! I should rather think Charlie could ride ; why, he ——," he breaks off short as he sees the astonished faces round him, and vouchsafes no more than a gruff " Good night," when all turn in. But Jim says softly to Featherston : " Why, one 'ud think Jack had known that chap Molyneux in the old country." " May be," answers the other in the same low tone, " and if he did, and t'other chap don't let on to know him now, ' cause Jack's a bit down on his luck, why, he's a d——d cur, and wants a hiding." CHAPTER IV. I've had my share of pastime, and I've done my share of toil, And life is short—the longest life a span ; I care not now to tarry for the corn or for the oil. Or for the wine that maketh glad the heart of man. For good undone and gifts misspent and resolutions vain, 'Tie somewhat late to trouble. This I know— I should live the same life over, if I had to live again ; And the chances are I go where most men go. Oh ! harshly screams the bird ! and the wattle bloom is stirred ; There's a sullen, weird-like whisper in the bough. " Aye, kneel, and pray ; and weep, but His beloved sleep Can never be disturbed by such as thou !" —A, L. GORDON. A mob of infuriated animals, maddened with pain, and terror-stricken at the cries of their fellows, as, quick as .thought, each one is driven' one by one into the brandinglane, or " cattle-crush," branded, and then hurried into the large stockyard. Cracking of long stock- wMps, strange oaths on men's lips, mingling with the bellowing of the untamed cattle, and in the yard a crowd of long horns tossing like " a very sea of devils." So Molyneux remarks to Cathcart, as, perched on a six-rail fence, all the morning he has watched the unfortunate animals branded and driven one by one through a narrow railed passage into the larger yard. Truth to tell, he is weary, of the whole business. It was curious and exciting at first, but the excitement is degenerating into monotony, and descending from his lofty, but none too comfortable, perch, he leans against the rail watching the men who, with seemingly foolhardy daring, ride among the furious brutes. " Gad ! you couldn't get an English horse to face a crowd like that," as Jack, wielding a stock-whip, cleverly rounds up an unruly bullock who cherished a wild hope of escape. Molyneux finds himself watching Jack with unconscious interest. " That's that surly beggar they call Jack Osgood. Dashed good horseman ! Where can I have seen him before ? He's like— oh, God ! not—not. Sainton—no—no—he's dead—drowned in the Forlorn Hope on his way to America. It can't be—and yet—and yet"—he closes his eyes in an effort to shake off the awful conviction that steals over him. What was that ? A mighty thunder of hoofs, a hoarse cry of warning, and Molyneux sees a young bullock that has evaded attempts to stop him rushing down upon him. He can see the red light of madness in its eyes, can almost feel its hot breath on him, but he cannot move. A deadly horror numbs every faculty. The brute is almost upon him, when suddenly someone thrusts him violently aside, someone that a moment later, with a wild, triumphant cry, falls across him, and from whom gushes a stream of hat blood, drenching Molyneux as he lies. It is Jack, who, gored by the maddened animal, has fallen across his enemy. This is his revenge. " Greater love hath no man than this, that he lay down his life for his friend," was spoken long ago, but how great the love of him who lays down his life for his enemy ! This is the opportunity Jack has waited for through all the long years of sorrow— the past weeks of agony. What sweeter revenge than to let him live, knowing that he held his poor, pitiful life at the hands of the friend he had so basely betrayed. His quick eye had been the first to see Molyneux's danger. From where he stood he could detract the animal's attention, and if he could not check its mad career, at least he could lessen the shock, and so before his generous impulse had time to cool he has run swiftly forward, and Molyneux, the traitor, is saved. They bore him tenderly to the manager's own room, and gentle Mrs. Cathcart tried in vain to stem the torrent of blood flowing from a gaping wound in his side, while a man was galloping wildly for the doctor twenty miles away. Outside that quiet room paced Charles Molyneux, all doubt as to the identity of his saviour vanished, his soul torn with conflicting emotions of gratitude and remorse. Presently someone touched him on the shoulder. It was Beryl, her beautiful faee pale, her eyes full of a wistfulness that for the first time in his life he failed to see. " Are you hurt, Charlie ? They told me there had been an accident, and someone said it was you." " No, not I ; but a—a—poor fellow. I'm afraid, has saved my life at the price of his own." He could not tell her yet who the " poor fellow " was. She uttered a sigh of relief. " Don't worry, dear ; perhaps he'll get over it," and her selfishness " showing even at this supreme moment, " and, after all, he's only a station hand." " Only a station hand—good God, Beryl, don't talk like that," and pushing her aside in ineffable disgust, he stole quietly into the room where the dying man lay. A golden gleam of sunshine stole through a chink in the closed blind, and fell across the foot of the bed, leaving Jack's face in shadow, but Molyneux fairly quailed before the gleam of the eyes that met his. " Leave us a moment, Mrs. Cathcart. 1 promise you I'll be very careful." When they were alone Molyneux stood silent by the bedside, with downcast head, a criminal before his judge. The dark eyes rested on him, sternly at first, then, as a flood of memories broke across the dying brain their gaze softened, and Jack's voice, faint and husky, broke the awful stillness of that room. " What do you want, Charlie ? To thank me for your life ? Aye, but it's a pitiful gift at the best, I think." Molyneux, utterly unmanned, sank down on his knees, and. burying his face in the coverlet sobbed like a woman. Reproaches, taunta, disgust, and anger— all these he had expected and deserved— but this almost Divine forgiveness was greater than he could bear. The tender light deepens in Jack's eyes. The long, sad years of shame and wrong speed back, the old, old friendship returns, and, strangely, too, all memory and love of Beryl's fatal beauty fades from him. He stretches out his hand slowly, very slowly, indeed, and places it gently on the bowed head. " Charlie, old boy, never mind ; it's past mending, and past grieving for. I've got the best of it after all—and—besides, Charlie—I'm not sorry the night has come for me, the day has been so very hard," the sole approach to a murmur his brave soul has uttered. " Don't touch me, Jack, I'm not worthy. But Jack, I'm not so bad as I seem ; I thought you had gone down in the Forlorn Hope, so I—I—" " Yes, I understand—you married her— somehow, you ought to have done that before I ——. You see, she loved you best and I was a stupid, honest fool that believed in her. She came between us, didn't she, old fellow—and—and—" He sinks back, exhausted, for it is a long speech. Molyneux raises his head. Can this be the man from whom he has stolen love and honor, and now even life itself ? A faint smile flickers across the dying face as he meets the incredulity in Charlie's eyes. " Yes, old man, somehow it all seems very pitiful now, when one is going to make up accounts yonder, but if it's any comfort, you can tell her I've forgiven you both. I won't say I had this morning, but now it's all so different, you see." A silence, heavy with memories, for the minds of the men have gone back to the first glad years of their life, when, as boys at Eton, they began the friendship, which one of them tossed aside so lightly for the sake of a woman's love. A silence, during which the dying man's hand feebly caresses the bowed, remorse-stricken head of his treacherous friend, a silence broken only by Jack's labored breathing, and the drowsy whirr of the cicadas outside in the blazing sunshine. Jim peeps cautiously in, and seeing Jack is not alone, is going away, but his friend beckons to him. " So you've come to say good-bye to your mate, Jim," he says, with, a glance of loving trustfulness that makes Molyneux wince ; it is no longer his right. And so, a little later, when the last struggle comes, and Jack's brave soul goes home to rest, it is Jim's broad shoulder that supports him, and Jim's ugly, faithful face is the last the dim eyes rest upon in this world. . . . . . Mr. and Mrs. Molyneux are still as much admired and sought after as ever. They are rich, therefore society dulls its ears to any little stories that may be whispered about them before Beryl became Mrs. Molyneux, but observant eyes have noticed a change in them since they returned home from Australia. She is colder, and he not so attentive, perhaps. But far away in the Australian bush lies a grave which is never long absent from their thoughts. The grave of the man whose life they wrecked to obtain their own happiness, and whose wondrous forgiveness has proved a far mere grievous burden than his bitterest curse might have been. In Spring the wattle sheds its golden scented tassels above it, and the creeping sarsaparilla flings across it a mantle of royal purple, and big Jim's eyes fill with unaccustomed tears as he jerks his head in its direction, and says With heartfelt emphasis : " Ah ! Jack was a ' white man, ' he was." — EDIE UNWIN. " IM NOT SORRY THE NIGHT HAS COME FOR ME. " —See story, " Only a Station Hand." 