Dramatic. Mr. Dampier was responsible at the Criterion for the only dramatic changes of last week. On the Friday he put on ' Hamlet,' replacing ** The Mer chant of Venice ' for the weekly Shakespeare night. Mr. Dampier's Hamlet is .well known to Australian playgoere. He does not believe that the melancholy Dace was insane, but makes him feign insanity to deceive the King and his mother. Considering these are but one night performances the play was very carefully staged, and the opportunity of thus hearing ShaEesueare's masterpieces declaimed must be ex cellent for students, Mr. Dampier gives full value to the. sonorous lines and bears the chief burthen of the representation. He was euppoxtod by Mr. John Forde as Polouius, Mr. Eimund Holloway as the Ghost, Mr. Appleton as the King, Mr. W. H. , Smith was Horatio, and Mr. Eolfe Laertes The Ophelia was Miss Boae Dampier, and MUs Catherine Russell the Queen. On Saturday night Mr. Dampier revived Henry Pe titt'e -' Green Lanes of England.' The plot is well known. Miss Lily Dampier. played the heroine, Mar garet Wbeatstone, who loved ' not wisely but too well,' impressively. Miss. Blanche Clements was a capable Martha Fiiut, and Miss Hose Dampier and Miss Marie Bruce filled the roles of Clara £elby and Mrs. Selby. Mr. Dampier resumed his familiar part of Gentleman George, in which he is well known throughout the colonies, aud incidentally recites ' The Charge of the Light Brigade' Mr. Forde made a good bit of work of Bill the Slogger. Mr. J. B North was the villainous Fiiut, who black mails the euEenng heroine. The Captain Selby was in the hands of Mr. fioif e, and the hearty old farmer Wheatstone had Mr. Holloway for interpreter. 'The Green Lanes ' have been painted by 'Alta ' and Mr. John Campbell, and the ' Old Sluice House ' was made au effective sensation. Mr. Donald Macdonald has proved so great a success in Sydney that the lecture season, which was to have closed with last week, waB extended to embrace lectures on Tuesday, Thursday, and Satur day of this. Mr. Macdouidd has become the most popular lecturer we have had here, and his recitals of the humours and horrors of war are listened to with breathless interest by audiences averaging 200 nightly. It is their singular combination of natural ness with humour, patho3, and keen human sympathy and observation that makes his discourses so fascinating. On Monday night Mr. Macdonald visited Parramatta aud met with equal success in that military-minded town which is solargely repre-' sented in the South African war, and therefore, most keenly interested in it. The experienced Mr. Edwin Geach, who is managing MrV Macdonald's tour, reasoning from the success already achieved, claims that it will be easily the most successful lecture tour ever made in the colonies. ' The Absent-Minded Beggar ' has sunk into the popular.mind, and everyone is going to see it. They don't come away impressed with the fact that it is a great play, but they do come- away impressed that they have never anywhere seen anything, quite so colossal in the way of a stage production, and con vinced that iu the line which in Australasia Mr. Bland Holt has made especially bis own he ba« sur passed himself. The Naval Contingents for China went to see it on Monday by way of preparation for the task before them. Mies Billie Barlow is the bright particular star at the Tivoli, where the splendour of her costumes and diablerie of her songs have taken Tivoli patrons by Btorm. The very clever ' Tramp Cyclist,'' Olaf Schrader, made his first appearance at Mr. Bickards's house on Saturday, and was well received. The vocal Coon Ballet, Emmoods, EmmersoD, andEin monds, and the Auimatograph are popular features of the present bill. With the various cinematograph shows we deal specially elsewhere* this week. Mr. Williamson's Bio-tableau, uuder Mr. Stewart's management, has moved on from the Lyceum. The Wyld and Freed man War Biograph, to the excellence of which Mr. Donald Macdoonald has borne public testimony, is firmly established at the Palace. Pictures of Popa Leo XIII. and his daily life are now shown daily, witn-the approval of Cardinal Motan. Mr. Eicka-us*s ',* Nineteenth Century Animatogmph ' fills all the requiiements of a flret-rate turn at the Tiroli nightly. In spite of the great fund of youthful strength pos sessed by Misb Nance O'Neil, she has succeeded in overtaxing her physical powers in Melbourne. She threw herself with great intensity into all her characters, and has been studying new ones too hard, and so she had something of a break down at the close of her first performance of Fedora, and became, Mr. Williamsou says, *? almost distraught' Next day she was quite prostrated. Mr. Wilh&meon; bad to g6 to Melbourne to supplement Mr. M'Kee Bankins's efforts to induce theypung star, to spare herself more. Besides the repertoire m which she worked here, Miss O'Neil studied for Melbourne ' Hedda Gab 'c-',' 'Jcnore.1' i,si,l ?'Ty&f; if '.In. r'T7rljr\ir.o,-:.' :-, Vi'ii-:'!,..,.^ ti&s; usii,.: ;?.-; Sir. ?L'aWac,, j c:J. ''' ','.. 1. :~ * iii^-'' ?' '''??? l/.*\\-s*uem E'.-y,'* t.w.- ??.-.«.? ??.:-/;??? .-.=, fire 'ic-.ng p!'-ouemt.'-nr;ii8i*3li-::!»--t ?: L ?. l. .?'. u-! cest G.'ieiv C'-xfi^j li .j \^. .'.-:_i early in 1901. Mrs. Maesmore Monis is now leading lady of the No. 2 provincial company playing the ' Prisoner of Zenda ' and ' Rupert of Hentzau ' through Eng land. On September 1, when the St. James's Theatre reopens, she will appear with Mr. George Alexander in ' A Debt of Honour.' Mr. W. H. Venion (out here with Miss Genevieve Ward) and Miss Julie Opp, are to be in the cast. The programme of the Australian Benefit Ma tinee which was organised at the London Alh^mbra by Messrs. Tom Fitzgerald and George Musgrove is to band. It is a good 2ft. long, and has 30 items. Certaioly no more varied programme could well be arranged, for it runs the whole gamut from prima donne to a horse, and it is more or less a directory of Australian artists at the time in London. In this respest it is worth giving a list of performers and the descriptions of them which appear on the pro gramme '.— Patriotic Overture, Alhambra Orchestra ; the Foun est Australian Artiste, Little Vickey Delmar (drum boIoJ ; Australian Baritone, Mr. W. G. Knight ; ?? An Australian Belle,' Miss Buttercup Fitzgerald (character sketch) ; the Taamanian Sundowaer, Mr. Walter- P. Kreen (' The Talking :Iaud ') ; the Australian Buslmian, Gib Sun, in his novel act ; Australian Instrumentalists, Misa Beatrice Griffiths tpiano), Miss Muriel Griffiths (violin), Miss BetBie Girfilths (violoncello) ; The Short Story of a Tramp, John Gourlay ; Australian Soprano, Madame Rosa Bird ; The Australian Team, the Boris Brutbers ; Duet, Miss Isabel Webster, A.R.C.M., and Mr. Arthur Deane (Australian A'tists) ; the Australian Story teller, Mis9 Charlotte Hemming ; the Australian Violinist, Johaan Eruse ; the Australian Comedy Artistes, Miss Eva Ulements and Mr. D'Arcy Stinfleid ; the Australian Daneinff Wonder, Eaharet ; the Australian Descriptive VocatfBt, Misa Ruth Wallace : My Awful Ex periences with a— Whistler, Q. ti. Soazelle; the Austra lian Ventriloquist, Fred W. MiUis ; the Australian Prima Donna, Mile. Miranda f from Covent Garden) ; th? Aus traiiao Serio, Miss Florrie Forde ; Equestrian Sketch, by Nat Gould i' Verax ''), io which Frank Gerald 'will in troduce the celebratel Aiistrnltan Jumping Mare ' Wai ppria,' supported by the Misses Pelham (2), Montgomery, and Snow, Messrs. A. E. Greenaway, H. Low, Mat, Brodie, Robsoa Paige, J. H. Coatello, Irve Eayman, H. Prince, aad Fred. Rolls ; Australian Contitdto, Miss Maggie Stirling ; the well-known Australian Artist and War Correspondent, Mr. G. Rossi Ashton ; Australian Expvrt Dancere, the Permans ( ? ella, Willie, and Percy) ; Australian Soprano, Miss Bertha Rosso w; the Champion Australian Cyclists, the Duuedin Troupe ; the Australian Orpheus, Mr. Harry Atkinson ; Australian Tenor, Mr. James JToirit ; Australian Favourites of the Gaiety Com pany, Miss Grace Parlotta and Mr. Louis Bradfltld; Grand Patriotic Tableau (specially written for this occa sion by Guy Boothby, the Australian author), ' Austra lia's Tribute to Britannia I ' : Britannia, Miss Watt-Tanner ; Australasia, Miss Pattie Brown; New Sauth Wales, Miss Maud Hobfion; Victoria, Miss Maio Saqui ; Queensland, Mrs. Laura Lyon-Leith; South Australia, Miss Florence Lloyd; Western Australia, Miss Decima Moore; Tasmania, Miss Linda Henry ; New Zealand. Mrs, Elinor Moly neux; and Misses llaura Barton, Gwen Dallas, Lucy Dene, Violet Ellicott, Lena Flowerdew, Sophie HarrisB, Amy Horton, Helen Inda, Fanny Liddiard, Violet Lawrence, Ida Listun, Guteme Lanca«ter, Alice Simmons, Sylvia Yarra, Meesrs. Cunningham. Fred. Dark, Turn Fitzgerali, Johnny Gilmour, H. Gribben, D. Glassford, Arthur Hume, L. Luecombe, C. D. Law, Sydney Newton, A. G. Poulton, and Clarance Holt. Concluding .with an national song, specially written and composed by Mr. Fred. W. Miilis, 'For K'ngland.' SjIo, Mr. Arthur J. Boyd (the Australian baritone}, with full Australian chorus. Hon acting managers,,. Messrs. O. Dundis Slater, E. A. ? Pickering, Edward Siss, Arthur Garner, John Donald, ired. A. Stanley,. J. H. Eiiiston ; hon. musical conductors, Mr. .G. W. Byng end Mr. Karl Kiefert; hon. accompanist, Mrs. live Huyman; hon. stage managers, -Messrs. Charles Wilson, John Wallace, Fred. W. Miilis, Geo. H. Saazelle, D'Arcy Stanfleld; business manager, Frank Gerald. Naturally effigies of the kangaroo and emu figure at the head of that. Writes our Brisbane correspondent :— The J. O. Williamson Dramatic Company played ' Tess of the, D'Urbervilles '' last week at the Opera House ; it was replaced on Friday evening by ' Trilby,' when Miss Crane renewed her firmer success. Fitzgerald's, C-rcus has opened to a crowded house, Messrs. Fitzgerald's new importations meeting with instant approval. 