I MODERN KNIGHT ERRANT " ' , — . . : — : — T — . f COMPLETE IN THIS ISSUil J — or , T. KIRKPATRIOK. COPTIUOflT. tOGUE U ga- 1 h re! Vague la gnlere I was singing a tall, sturdy figure walking rather gingerly along n popular sub urban. road of 11 irminglmm one brighti m o o n 1 i e h t night , about the honr of 12 p.m. No doubt the inhabitants of the refined neighbourhood wore conversant with French, as wealthy merchants having dealings with every part of the world should be ; but it was .quite an unusual, thing to hear the sounds. of a foreign tongue resound ing along a' public thoroughfare 'at such a late hour. If there- were any incongruity in the matter Tom Smith was not aware of it. IBs perspective faculties were, just then, In » not very active state, and bis tlioughtB, or such of them as were left to him aftej- deep, potations of an inebriating element, .were' fixed on the consummation, of a project in which there was Considerable risk to bo incurred. Even, under the exalting in fluences of a liberal 'use of champagne, he bad a vague idea that lie was about to essay something or other of a dangerous character, and be found great encouragement "by re- , p eating in different keys a foreign phrase which was.- sonorous, musical, . and 'had a certain truculent, piratical air, which strong ly recommended it to 'him "in his present mood. Mr - Tom Smith, or plain Tom Smith, as he was -known among a wide circle of ac quaintances, was a young man of twdnty- four. He hiid been left an orphan when' a lad ; and," having evinced a turn of mind for mechanics, his guardians had placed him in a large engineering works in -Birming ham. His apprenticeship terminated wilh his majority, and at, the some time the tutelage of his guardians. . He had now learned a trade, .and was, in possession of £2009 iri bonds. Besides, be had an uncle , who -eras a wealthy linen merchant in Belfast, and who, having no family, of liis own, intended making. -Tom his heir. Tom, on attaining his majority, considered his physical education as finished, and though t . u course at Mason's College would better qualify him to bear the onerous burden. that would gfall on liim ou his accession to his nnclc's estate, real and personal. He never saw;much of. his uncle, as that dignified gentleman deemed it essentiui that -liis heir should have the virtues of 'provi dence and thrift early inculcated into him by the beneficial discipline of supporting himself early, in his career by learning a trade. Toni's guardians lieartily, concurred in his uncle's plan, probably because it would give tliem less trouble than if they, had to chaperon- him through school and college. Tom was, however, quite, agree able, and -having been given the choice of trades, selected that of a mechanical engi neer. , The routine labour in the workshops bad chilled his passion for mechanical work. Ho soon gave up the idea of /.becoming tin in ventor— the umbition of his boyhood days— and turned liis mind in his leisure hours to literary studies, finally, entering Mason's College as a student, f .. \ '"He had been now three years at college, and had prosecuted his 'studies with dili: genco.and success', haying-secured q scholar-' ship. He took an active . part in all the, social meetings at ' tliev college.' "He iiould sing a good song, was an all-round athlete, and, thanks to the physical training in tlie workshop, was the .strongest man at the college. Ho was a good-looking< fellow, standing sir feet in liis stockiiigs, and was straight as an arrow.. His warm tempera:, nient, frank disposition "and bonhomie, ren dered him onfe of tlie most popular students at college.- . . ' He had a failing which was deeply de plored by his closest associates, who averred there , was no allowance made iu his com position for the. bump of ahiativeness. He enjoyed tlio company of tlie fair sex, but lie was never known to indulge in any of those sentimental vuppurings so characteristic of the undergraduate. He liad a reputation in 'this respect, and was regarded with much wonder on account of liis insensibility. He himself believed witli his friends that lie was "impervious to female charms, -and was wont in bis philosophical moments to analyse the matter from physiological and ineta- . physical points of view, but could not ar rive at a satisfactory conclusion. However, the solution wus gradually revealed to him in the following manner. ' , He had lodgings in a distant suburb of the city, "and was wont to stroll along the Broad avenues in tho vicinity late in the evenings and enjoy a cigar. The street in which he lived was lined for the most part with spacious mansions standing in their own grounds and surrounded, by high hedges or low walls surmounted by ornamental rail ings. One of these houses used to attract- his attention.in particular. It was, judging from the rear, that faced the street, "an old building, 'probably a. manor house; -and was, surrounded by majestia oaks, 'which diverted the mind from the suburban character of the neigh bourhood, and imparted the idea that -it stood in alar-spreading demesne. A high wall ran round the grounds,- but -it' had crumbled down at one part, - allowing a view of the rear of the house. The : build ing was T-shaped. The rear portion or wing approached within twenty yards of tho wall, and was covered with , a rank growth of ivy. The roof of this port- wus high and steep; and tho tiles had fallen off in places, leaving large boles, indicating that this part of the mansion ' had fallen into disuse. No windows . could be seen but one high up iu the gable, and it was covered with a shutter. Tom. had often looked; at .the old wing with curiosity. He made somo. casual in quiries about the occupants, but discovered nothing more than . that the people who lived there belonged to a very old family, and that thoy scarcely ever appeared in public. There was a rumour that the house was haunted by tlie ghost of a former lady of the manor, who lmd been1 put to death by her husband for , infidelity, , and who had adopted the traditional method of asserting her innocence. ' , One evening, about eleven o'clock, he ivaB sauntering listlessly along towards the manor house, as it was generally called. Aa he was passing the breach in the boun dary wall which permitted a view of the house, -he cast his eyes towards the ivy- covered wing. . The moonlight shining through au opening in tlie branches of the trees that shadowed the wing fell upon tlie window. The shutter was thrown back, showing a row of thick iron bars, against which was pressed the pale face of a woman. Ho halted abruptly as if glued to the spot, and stared at the spectral features with mingled feelings of amazement and awe. At that late hour, the quiet, orderly, suburb was deserted ; and, in the solemn stillness that reigned he experienced a feel ing of terror creeping over liim. By a vio lent effort, lie regained his composure, and, leaning through the opening in tlie wall, he tried to make out more clearly the out lines of tlie face at the window. The dark wall throw the moonlit window into greater relief, mid he could see the faco turned towards the sky. That was no super natural spirit, he concluded ; but, who could it hef Tlie wiug was . said to be deserted. None of tho "ladies of the house, if there were any, would bo likely to bo there ut so late an hour, and none of the scrvunls . would have. the., courago to, be in the haunt- cd wing uffer.dark. -. He was debating tbo matter over in his mind, but still keeping his eyes ou the window, when he noticed the face moved and turned towards the wall. Acting on impnlse, he jumped into the gap, and stood in the moonlight. -The faco immediately, disappeared,- but reappeared instantly after. An arm was thriist through the bars, " atld beckoned tb-liim. Pcrbnps it .was a prank of some servant after all, he thought. He felt in a quandary, when .-Fate decided the matter for liim. His foot" slipped, and to save himself from fnlling he was' compelled to leap forward into . the grounds . of the manor house.- Peering c(irfcfully- through the (rees to see if anyone were abigit, and seeing nobody, lie . determined when there that lie mtjjht . as. well go to the wing. Keeping well gander /.the shadow of the trees," lie reached -the end- of the wing," and raised his eyes towards the window. Ho could distinguish . the pale features of . the woman, wlioso. long hair hung' oyer' her shoulders in thick wavy masses, "which glistened like burnished "gold in the rays of the moon.- 'Tli'o.l/ace was strikingly hand some, but wail and with an expression of such -wild; earnest; pleading tlint. he invol untarily muttered; -' Foul play liere!" "Do you speak Frenoli?" said a low, tremulous voice iii- that tongue. As ho had -.spent several vacations in /Paris, he spoke French llucntlv,. and answered in tlie affir mative. . - "Oh, thank God ! thank Godl" she ex claimed iin stifled- accents, and for n.ininute seemed to-be overcome with emotion,, but, recovering, she said, " Monsieur, I am a prisoner — subject to every iudignity. I— — But you must not stay any longer how. As you hope for ' salvation, come again to morrow night and— — " A rustling in the shrubbery towards the front of tlie house 'attracleil Iiis utten tion as Iio lmstlly exclaimed," "Hist!" I'll conic;-' Keep in," and 'darted towards the gap, thrdugh which hoqiassed. On miming the .street he lookednback,; but.- coiud;-not ob serve anyone. He noticed that tlie shutter. was 'pulled, over the window, and, assured that his presence in the grounds lmd -not been discovered, 'he proceeded leisurely to wards his lodgings, thinking over the inci- dent. . w . ; . / Most' likely she was a lunatic, and, with the preternatural huuteness of such people, hoped' by his assistance to escape from con-' lineinent. Still, she was very beautiful; aiicl her manner and words had a' strange effect upon him, which jialf-coiiviticed him that they were genuine. - 'Perhaps it would be as ; well not to follow the mutter any further. ' '' ' - The following evening, however, be found liis thoughts wiin'deriug, "and was unable to fix them on his studies. Asf the evening advanced lie became restless, and went out fov:'a'>harp wiilk. ' . Unconsciously .he bent his steps towards, the manor house. It was not so late as dri; the preceding night, and when lie reached' the gap' in the wall ho could' not distinguish the window in tlie gable. But ho entered the grounds, and, advancing close to the building, lobked up, and perceived tbat the shutter was open. " I am here," he snid in a low voice, in French. Though he could, hot see anyone, owing to' the dark shadows cast on the' end of the wing, a voice from above, the same as that of the preceding night, replied," "Thank God, monsieur , Vou have coine. I was afraid. But take .that with you; it will explain. Do not stop now, and do. not come again so ciirly, monsieur, if you come. God bless you, 'monsieur.'" .. A . small ' packet fell close . to ; him, ami, . picking 'it up, he; put it In' his pocket, and returned to his lodgings. . Surely, he . .thought, there was no, dissimulation there. Tho tones of her' voice rang.;with pathos ; and anxiety. Her words showed that. she', had not studied her part; with tlio sharp ingenuity of insane people. She did' not wish him to come, so ..early lest he might attract attention ; whilst she herself was at her post oarlylvunablo to suppress her eagerness, or lest she might fail to see liim. He was half-convinced that it -was a- case that should be investigated; though it was' hard to realise that an adult could bo sub-, jected td imprisonment without having com mitted any offgnco in our day of civilisation. However, he could judge better of the merits of the case after reading the con tents of tlio packot. He opened the packet, which consisted of a dozen closely- written sheets of. paper.- ' Tbe.following is' a precis of its qontents . ' ; ".My fatlier was colonel of the .3rd Regi ment of Chusseurs, and my mother was the daughter' of ah Irish gentleman. My mother.' died wlien I was a baby; and five years later my .'"'father married an English lady, who belonged to an old family und was reputed to be wealthy. She took the greatest dislike to me, and prevailed upon my -father to send me to a convent school. On finishing my education she insisted upoii my marrying a silk merchant at Lyons. ' I refused, and was supported by my father, who condemned the French oustom of mar rying children without consulting their Irishes. A year later ray father suddenly died, and his property in England, . which he got by my. mother, reverted to me. My- stepmother suddenly became, kind nnd. at tentive. Sho took me on a tour through Soutliern Europe. . , JOltimutely. we came .to England and visited her . brother, who lived near Birininghum. The brother had mar ried a West Indian Creole, and lind only - one son, who was. a Reformed idiot. His wife had died a raving maniac. , ; 1 ' " On my arrival I was shown tlio idiot; and informed lie was to be my husband. At the same time she gqve me her brother's; history. I thought she jested ; but iijoa I 1 soon i tfouml out' that Rhe was in earnest. Her kindness was only a veil to allay my suspicions. In' London, my maid had" been dismissed for some trifling offence. I saw, when too late to help myself, that her kind liest, and the dismissal of the maid, were .only parts of a prearranged plun. I prayed and besought her to let' me return to "my friends in France, but she was inexorable. I iuusc marry tho idiot, nnd until I give my consent sho lias placed uie in coufihemcnt- in a disused wiug of her brotiier's house, jpart of which is occupied by the idiot. I liava tried to bribo hiy.'attcndant;."but '8lie' is nn old retainer, of tlie housfe, and would not lislfen to hie. Tho windows oh the ground ;floor have been till . built lip, and those on the second floor are strongly . baiTcd. ' " Ono day I discovered a trap door in the ceiling of u closet. By the aid of shelves in the closet I climbed up and opened It. Above is the attio, the ceiling of which is broken through in places, showing patches, of blue sky in the daytime, and I used to sit and gaze at thfcm for . hours, for -they wcye all of the world' that' I might see, ; At liist I discovered a window with a shutter cm the outside, I opened- the shutter, and saw other houses iind trees, and niy 'hopes rose. Surely some one would see ino and come to my assistance, but tliei days and nights fled, and I never got an opportunity of addressing anyone. - At last, one night, late, I saw from tho window a ragged hoy prowling among tho trees. I called to him, and he lobked up. But as soon- as he saw mo lie littered a wild scream and fled. Since then I saw no one till you came.' The narrative ended with a touching ap peal for help. Ho was fully convinced of its truth, hut was thunderstruck that such infamy could be practised with impunity in u civilised country. It seemed incredible, but ha could not doubt or question the statements lie had read; there was a. sim plicity, a glowing eloquence, a touching patboS which nothing but Truth and Suffer ing could inspire. After reuding it, he' concluded that he should scgure the assistance of tho Law; but on consideration ho determined .to effect the rescue . of the lady himself, as her, stepmother would, not scrapie' to liavo her removed on tlie first intimation of a legal inquiry, and lie would be- made to appear in a rather awkward light. ..... .The following day he visited several .of the tradespeople who knew .the occupants, - and b V casual questions elicited tlio infor- mation that the family "at the nmnor house consisted of a brother and sister,' who bad been both married to foreigners. No. men tion was rfiade of, (die idiot. or of the lady in tho deserted wing. He referred inci dentally to. the ruinour about tlie wing being haunted. - But this idea was scouted as a phantasy of maids and , grooms, and all averred that the only occupants ' of the house were the gentleman," his . sister, and two old domestics. This coufinncd'the statements' in the nar rative. If the lady were insane, some one would have heard of.it, as 6ne of the trades people knew of the idiot.,' He now,-; felt jus tified in, taking measures to aid the Iluly to escape. He recognised the advantages of having a reliable companion to assist hiin ; but he clUti'tisled the rashness of bis college companions and. the extreme cau tiousness of the older and more experienced men whom he knew would, be willing to help him. . He determined Gnaiiy .to attempt the rescue alone. ; Tlie following night he visited tlie grounds; but, though ho remained for two, hours, he wns unnble to see her. Tlio next night, however, 'he' saw her, and told her to expect liim the -next, night,, when lie would have at! his arrangements made. The night ou which he was to make the attempt was the night on which the athletic club of the college gave its annual banquet. As captain of the clul), liis ab sence woiild not be excused; but, under the circumstances, lie decided not to go, as; ho niiglit he .detained liite, and .have nil his plans frustrated.. In tlie morning lie received a letter from a solicitor in Belfast stating that liis uncle .was dead, und had left liim a legacy of fifty pounds. 'Tlie re- maiiider of liis vast property was, contrary to nil oustom among the wealthy- merchants of- the northern metropolis, bequeathed to charitable . and educational foundations. His uncle had definitely slated that he would make liim his heir,, and lie. was sen sible of tlie gross injustice done liim. He would now Iiavc to return to liis trade ; as he had not studied with .a view to any profession, lie . must cut short his career at college, and he concluded to attend the banquet, and after- that not -to return to college.- - . - - ; , ; \- At the supper lie did not .mention, his intention of severing liis connection with , the-coUege. . What was . the.' use ? \ Though oppressed uv\ contending ; emotions,- he hid liis inner feelings mid participated in the jollity, of tlie evening. He scarcely ever touched spirits, lmt to-night lie indulged frFely,. and. was' eloseh- imitated hy tlie others. The fnn bceiSiie boisterous, and tlie spirit of destruction seizing tlie muddled , . brains of the undergraduates, they began smashing , everything in the room. The hotel staff of servants, reinforced by a num ber of policemen, rushed on the scene, and hustled tliem out, retaining three as guaran tees ngainst damages, . Tom escaped somehow, and after mid night found himself lurching along tlie suburban street which passed the manor house. His mind was not in a very vigor- ous condition, lie felt in a wild, reckless inood, to which his liberal potations had materially assisted liim. On recognising his surroundings there flashed across his memory liis acquaintance with tlie imprisoned ludy. " Ah I" he exclaimed,- "I'll do it to-night — yet to-night-vogue la goitre.". Tiio French phrase so struck liis fnney that, he kept repeating it now in a mumbling under tone, and again with strong denunciatory emphasis. ' As he approached the manor house, bow- ever, he became more wary. He clambered over, the gap in the wall, and approached the end of the wing. 'The shutter was closed "and no lady could be seen, but he was there to rescue her'" vogue la galere." The luxuriant growth of ivy afforded a means of reaching the window. 'Throwing off his overcoat and hat, he.feit along the wall ' till lie touched a thick stem, and, gripping this firmly' witli liis hands, he began 'to ascend. Strong tendrils hanging from the wall rendered tlie ascerit compara tively easy to a gymnast, and he was soon at the window. Twining his log around a thick' stem that' stood out from the wall, and holding it firmly' with' one' hand, with tho other lie seized the shutter, which he wrenched back. 'The' fastening on the in side broke, and it flew open. But strong iron burs half-au-inch thick impeded any further progress. . He descended in safety, and hurried to his lodgings. Reaching his rooms, he pru dently drank a bottlo of sodawnter, : and bathed liis head and face in cold' water,, and felt cooler mid fresher. From-a chest of tools in liis rooms lie selected a filo und hummer. He also got a bottle of oil, and after rummaging among the odds and ends in a cellar got a rope, which, lie tied round his waist, and returned tq the manor house. He mounted as before to the window, but neai-ly fell several times, ns the ivy was beginning to give way; On reaching tho window, lie tied an end of the rope to, one of the bars, and then fastened it' securely under liis arm to Bupport liim whilst filing through the bar. . l'ouring some .oil. on the file and onp of tlio bars, lie began to file it through. 'The oil deadened Ihe sound ; hut it was long, tediohs work. For tunately the bars were in loose sockets, niid when out through were easily taken- out.. A second bar nad to be cut before lie could, enter, but this lie filially did. Striking a match, be found himself in a; long room, the ceiling of which sloped down ' from tlie centre to tlie floor. He was walk ing along, peering closely at the floor. to- discover the trap-door, when tlie. hoards suddenly lifted in front of liim and the 'lady, herself appeared. She uttered un ex clamation of fear, but did not retreat.. \- ".Who ore you?" sho asked in French.' And her resoiier, whoso brains were not quite clear yet, answered at first in English, - but rapidly . corrected himself and replied ip French. " Oh, I thought you were. not coming.' I stopped at tlie window so long, that 1 was afraid tlie attendant might come and no-: tice my absence.' ' I heard you coming across the floor, and knew it was you,.mou-. sieur, on whom may God pour his. richest blessings." . . ' '. ' 'There i there 1 Let us hurry out of. this' as quick us we can," hastily; rejoined Tom, who led her . to . the window, and,, pulling in the rope, fastened oqe end securely round lier .chest under. her arms. - "Now slip through the window, and I'll let vou doivn," bo' suid. \- She passed - out, und Toni," kruoing his feet' against the. -'(waU and /exerting his strength, paid out the rope gently tuid gradually till the strain- on it wus relieved, and ho knew she was safe on the groupd. He then pushed his iray out between tl|0 bars, and catching the rope, one end of which was still attached to a bur, lie slid down to the ground. Catching -her. hand, they hurried across 'the grounds, - and olimbed : over the. wall without being seen, Mechanically be turned in the direction of his.own lodgings, which were about half-a-mile iiway in the same street. Ho had almost reached them be fore ho realised the imprudence of introduc ing a female into the house under such pecu liar circumstances. « , . His potations at the students' banquet had worked off by this lime their e il effects, and his miiid was clear nnd alert. Ho anticipated a rigorous search for the missing lady,' nnd felt that those who had shut her up in the deserted wing would exhaust every resource to recover her. again, 'Tim main point at prescnt-wns com cuulment ; hut whore? was the question bo put to himself, and t" which ho could find no satisfactory answer. His sense of honour forbade .him taking her to liis own lodgings, and- yet ho saw no other alternative. He, was debating the matter when she stopped and said : - "Monsieur, you have done me a seivice which I can never repay, but I reproach myself for exposing yon" to the enmity »f such a woman us- my stepmother, who is cruel and pitiless. T will try to escape to France, whero I have some friends, who will no doubt protect me from her ; hut I shall always remember with deep gratitude your services." "But," he exclaimed, "if your step mother be so resourceful and pitiless, she will recapture you before you havo left Eng land. Where would you -go now?" ."I. would keep to "the country,; and the. poor country peoplo are honest and com- SiiKsionate, and would help me to reach over." " Have you any money ? Bardon me for asking tho question, hut" if you havo not an attempt to escape in that' manner would lie will nigh impossible; besides, you could never walk all that distance." "I have jewels here," she said, putting her hand in lier breast nnd pulliug out a necklace of fine large x'ei,rls. " These," she added, " would assist uie." " I alii sony to discourage you, hut tlie possession 'of thosa jowels and the. fact, that you, do not speaff English fluently would only expose you to suspicion and perhaps worse. I was i looking if I knew any place where you could remain in seclusion until your stepmother hud relaxed her efforts to recover you ; but I cannot at present think of any place. My own rooms are close by, and— — " Then he suddenly broke oft', as a foot ,was heard approaching rapidly. Catching the lady by the uvm, lie hastened along, the sidewalk for a short distance, and then- turned up a gravelled walk bordered with yews, which led to a terrace of house's standing back from tho street. Without speaking, ho led his companion lojvards one of these, the door of which he opened with a latch-key. He left, her in the hall, and stood at the half-open door, listening in tently., He heard the foosteps approaching; and half expected to hear them turn to wards the terrace, but they passed by, and ho shut the door. He took the lady to a sitting room and lighted the gas. Tho drawing room was in the front, and the blinds on tho windows looking towards tlie street were up. 'The lady was standing in the centre of the room, looking towards tho windows, when he was lighting' tho gas. Suddenly she uttered an exclamation,' and, swaying to the side, would have fallen had he not caught tier in his arms. She was very palo, and her eyes were fixed on tlie window- He laid hey on a sofa, and, dart ing towards the window, looked out and saw tho figure of n. man running down the ivalk. On hearing the footsteps the first time, he anticipated pursuit, and hiul turned to his lodgings ; but, oil a little consideration, ho becamo convinced that tho escape of the lady would not be detected till tho morning, and. tliat .it was only some late wayfarer returning home. Noiv it was. evident that tlio man had been following them; or why should lie leave tlie streot arid approach tlio windows where a light wns'seen?' Turning to the. lady, who was sitting trembling on the sofa, he asked, "Did you know tliut man?" "Oil, monsieur," olio exclaimed; with an expression of abandoned hope on lier face, " I shall be taken back." \ " No; mademoiselle, they shall not, fake you back .if I can help it," he replied with determination, clasping her hand to assure lier. ".But who was he?" lie asked., "He, wus tlie gardener, nnd looked after the poor idiot. . . Every night he visited my, rooms, nnd early every morning,. leaving ae food. He must have been there and havo seen how we escaped, and followed us." - - . Tom paced the room, deep in thought. Every few minutes he glauced at the lady ; and, at- last, going up to her, he said, "Mademoiselle, will you trust mo?" ' "Sho looked into his eyes with the utmost qonfidence,y and. placing her hand in hie, softl, "Monsieur, I trust yon." "It is hnlf-pnst three now; at. four a train starts for LonUon.and I will accom pany you there, where you will bo in com parative safety .for a time," lie said, anil,- hurrying to his bedroom, threw a few useful articles into a snftll valise and returned to the drawing room. The gas was turned out, and as they passed through the halt lie threw a shawl, which was lying on a table, over the. lady's liend, telling lior to keep -it well before lier face to baffle identification. Whon they reached tlie street the sound of a vehicle" was heard approaching, and, thinking it not unlikely that it cume from _the house from which tho lady btid effected 'hoi escape,; they took a side street and Tiastencd towards New Street Station. For tunately they cume ucross a belated cab, .which was hailed and thoy were driven; rapidly to tbo station ; but had barely time to secure tickets before the train started. During the journey Tom had time for re flection. It was a strange adventure he was engaged ill. He was going farther than lie anticipated ; but the disappointment of his uncle's will had so upset all his plans that it did not matter much where he wcut or what he did. He had cut his connection with the college, and had a vague intention of going abroad to ono of the colonies. He looked at the beautiful pale face opposite hiin in the compartment, which was re garding him so gratefully, and be felt a thrill of infinite pity for .this poor op- pressed lady. He would see her in safety and among friends first. Now that he had left Birmingham, he would not return. Some of his acquaintances could easily settle liis affairs there, and lie would remain in London till he had formed his plans for the future. I Arriving at London, he drove to a quiet . hotel nenr the Strand and left the lady there, whilst lie himself went to another hotel. In the afternoon . lie visited his father's solicitors, and requested them to convert ull his /bonds into cash. lie then wrote to liis landlady ill Birmingham, in structing lier to pack up his clothes, and forward thcin to tlie address of his solici tors. At the same time, he sent a cheque to a college chum, who was to settle all his accounts and see to tho disposal of some articles of value in his lodgings. This dour, he visited -the lady, who- bad kept striotiv to lier room all day, and at his suggestion she wrote to lier friends in Franco, giving the circumstances 'under which she wrote, and requesting that all letters should be directed to ,-i firm of solicitors. A wfeek passed; and 'Tom's affairs were all arranged, nnd he was in the possession of the money from the sale of the bonds, fie had lcceived conimunicatioiis from Birming ham, which made liim 'fea'r' for the safety of the lady. Inquiries had been made for his whereabouts, and he was expecting every day to meet .emissaries of the lady s step mother in London. At his suggestion, the . lady had changed her hotel, und was now staying at Btrcatlmm. Sho would have gono immediately to France;' but lie pre vailed on her to remain where she was till she had received some inforination from her friends. , At the end of a week, she got a letter through 'Tom's solicitors from ono of her friends, who, instead of proffering hospital ity, coldly told lier to' return to her step mother. 'This was from the friend on whom she relied tlio most for protection, ft was a cruel blow to her hopes; add, iu despair, she showed Tom the letter, asking him what she should do. She was prepared to do anything rather than return to her stepmother. Her beauty, the eruolly to which sho had been subjected, and her forlorn situation hod deeply affected her rescuer. From deli cacy he had always repressed in her pre sence any manifestation of the feelings she inspired. Now, when every hope, was cut off, he disclosed bis love, nnd entreated her to marry him. Together they would pro ceed to the Cape, ;ind there, far away front the woman who had done her so much in- jury, she would be safe, and need fear no . interference from her stepmother, who. moreover, dared not interfere with lier as his wife. She laid her head on her hands, and he could see the tears dropping on the floor. Looking up,, she said : " Monsieur, do you make this offer because you do not wish to see me loft alone in the world ?". "That, and because I Jovo yoU — love you as I, thought it was not in my nature to love anyone," he cried, raising her hand to his lips. But sho pulled her hand away, ,f and, lifting her face, said, "Monsieur, I believe you. I also—" That was a happy afternoon to the lovers, notwithstanding the dark cloud (bat threa tened their happiness, but Tom was an energetic man, and he determined that she should have his legal protection ut the earliest moment. He consulted bis solici tors, and, having procured a special license, (hoy were married at tlie earliest possible date allowed by law. - The passages were already booked for tho Capo, where they intended going. But ou the day before they started,, Tom received a hasty summons from his solicitors. On reaching their offices, tho head of the firm, to whom Tom had communicated all the de tails of his wife's imprisonment, . informed hiin that the house in which she was im prisoned had been burnt to the ground ; that his wife's stepritotller ha l been rescued from the burning building, only to survive a few hours, but that she had in-thHt time confessed her iniquitous' dealings towards her stepdaughter, to whom, howovor, she mode every reparation. then- in her power by leaving her nil lier propertv. Tjiis news changed Ills plans for the pre sent'. Leaving his wife with The solicitor's family,, he proceeded to Birmingham, and took: ovev in his wife's name all her pro perty, wliich hc soid. His wife could not bear to live there, and he himself did not wish it. . As soon as ho, had the property disposed pf .ho returned' lo London, nnd "a week after, accompanied by his wifo, set sail for the Cape. . At tlie base of a " kopje" is a large polo- nial house surrounded by broad verandus, draped with flowering vines.- A broad val ley stretches ..out in. front, bordered on either side by high ridges covered witli trees. Cattle mid horses roam about lu hundreds, and on' every side are evidences i of a well-stocked and well-conducted farm". ; And here Tom, now a member of the Cape Parliament, lives witli his benutiful wife. Years have fled, past, and a family have grown, up around .them, but husband and wifo 'uie as devoted to each other .' us on that night in the quiet Streatham hotel; V . when Jiiey opened, their hearts, and jure . : j perfectly happy in their South African ; V home. ... . . .. ..-. 'j.-- 