Municiple Jottings. The Old Order and the New. Memories of the Past. A Squadron of Nuisances Inspectors. Notes at the Council Meetings. It strikes one as remarkable that the question of having the Mudgee Town Hall connected by telephone should cause our municipal coun cillors even a moment's hesitation. It would have been more in keeping with the municipal traditions of the borough had they welcomed with outstretched arms this avail able addition to the talking capacity of that public building. This should not be regarded as an insinuation that the present occu pants of the municipal table are of the tribe of Jawbone Nield. We re ferred to the traditions of this time honored academy of oratory. Who cannot remember the memorable stonewalling exploits of old General Wilton, Tommy Wilkins, and Frank Tindale, and many other notables of thoso days, particularly over the attempted leasing of the Market Square ? There were talk ing records put up in those days, and "we won't go home till morn ing" was a much-sung song. Present day councillors, however, seem to have lost the cunning which characterised the old order of things. They were a gay body of men were those old 'uns, and look ing back over some of the incidents of midnight sittings and the after gatherings in the mayoral room, we are now inclined to the opinion that, old-time council meetings were largely viewed as a fortnightly picnic by which domestic discipline could bo hoodwinked. *** Municipal life, though, may be subject to a process of development similar to that experienced in other kinds of life. If so, we can understand the levity which charac terised the deliberations of the old stock of municipal legislators. In their day municipal life would be in its childhood, and the municipal life of to-day might bo said to be verging upon manhood — though not quite. In these days of matured existence we can then make some allowance for the pranks of the giddy young sparks of old, and at tribute it in a fatherly way to a lack of experience. Hence we must expect a more staid demeanor, a a more evenly-developed temperament in the aldermanic life of to-day. And there are evidences that such are the case. The fact of the coun cil having decided against the tele phone, would, viewed in the light, not seem such a remarkable thing after all. Our civic "fathers" may have a desire to guard against "fluting,"' lest the weakness of the old civic "boys" reassert itself and there be a repetition of the volu bility of old. * * * Work, not talk, appears then to he the newest development in local municipal life, as evidenced by the fact of Mudgee aldermen having constituted themselves into a com pany of I.O.N's. In tho past, by laws have been made with talk and broken with impunity. Henceforth nine stalwart warriors will declare war to the death against all and sundry who dare to disregard the laws of the borough, and the ' nannie ' and tho ' neddie ' that ventures within municipal preserves will be subjected to an undignified removal. *** Mudgee Council refused point blank to fall in with a proposal for the country towns to erect trium phal arches in Sydney on tho occasion of the Commonwealth celebrations. One of the aldermen waxed warm in condemnation of the extravagant expenditure of cost in Sydney, adding that a nice little ' pot ' was already being made out of the countryites in the way of double rates for hotel expenses, and the high fares on the railways. * * * Cudgegong councillors were in admirable ' debating ' fettle last Tuesday afternoon. A discussion, which lasted nearly half-an-hour, took place over the minutes of last meeting. Alderman Leo objected to a certain portion of the minutes, and for a time it looked as if it would be necessary to summon the ghost of St. Julian to overcome the technical difficulty. The trouble was ultimately got over without anybody being hurt. * * * There were also some very close finishes at the Mudgee council meeting. Motions and amendments for a time flew fast and furious, and the Mayor had to give his casting vote on no less than three consecu tive questions. It relieved the monotony somewhat, and although no money changed hands over the results, the odds were about even, considering there were only four aldermen in the running — at the table rather. * * * A letter was read at the Cudge gong Council from an enterprising Sydney firm, stating that if the council intended going in for any illuminations locally in connection with the Commonwealth celebra tions, the firm had a great quantity of transparencies for the purpose. As Cudgegong Council has not yet built up a city of its own to warrant expenditure in illuminations, unless it was seen fit to illuminate Mount Frome or Buccaroo, the ' trans parent" letter was hung up. * * * Cudgegong aldermen are not by any means a self-seeking body of men or thoy would have fallen in with a proposal from their brethren of the Leichhardt council. This pro posal had for its object the desired Government recognition of all mayors officially at public functions ; also the granting of free railway passes to mayors during their term of office. The council would not look at it, and it was even hinted that the mayors might put their pass to the same improper use as do some members of parliament. *** The burr and thistle are the un compromising foes of rural alder men, and notwithstanding all the waggist talk about "ringbarking thistles," they hold undisputed con trol of municipal high- ways. At tho Cudgegong Council Alderman Grant had something to say about tho nuisance in his ward, and the council clerk promised another effort to annihilate the foe, in Spring Flat lane at all events. Messrs. J. C. Young and Co., the well known Sydney salesmen,, report having realised a price for calves at their last week sales, which must be considered a record. Twenty-two small calves brought the exceptional price of £2 6s each. Tho following are the sales of Mudgee district wool- in Sydney : — J. M. McMaster's Weetalabah clip, from Coolah, brought up to 8 1/4 d, a very satisfactory price, considering there was barely ten months' growth. The wool showed all the high character and careful handling of former seasons. W. Price, of Pyramul, sold 16 bales at 8d. S. E. Lowe, Spicer's Creek, up to 7 1/4 d. At 7d we sold 22 bales O'Connell Bros.'/Mudgee/Goodiman, a fine, but fatty wool, and carrying a little skirt, and rather dull in appear ance : 39 bales for G. Piper, Cassilis, was sold at 7d ; J. Yeo, Bolaro, 16 bales at 6 3/4d. 