cHAPTER XXVI. T IE- T TOLD xý: ~G, her jrorouse. Ladr £laine if e tar to see her protege, ° J aneG a C.]ia mld ea eafled; i and she, continued her visits to her as long as she was an invalid, always carrying her some little delicacy in the way of fruit, flowers, jellies, etc., and was herself so gracious and winning and sympathetic that the woman came to long and watch eagerly for her coming. One day she went to her a little earlier than usual, taking as her offer ing some great, luscious oranges. She had already carried her all kinds of fruit, but this afternoon she had seen these unusually fine ones, and their fair golden beauty had tempted her to buy them more than anything else. As she passed the basket to Jane upon her entrance to her room, she took one, and, after looking at it .a moment, said, with a sigh: "I never see an orange, my leddy, hut I think of a poor, young thing, sick and friendless, who I took care of in i.tasirid last summer." ''Madrid?" exclaimed Lady Elaine her heart leaping into her throat at the name. "Were you in Madrid last summer?" "Yes, my leddy and my heart aches every time I think of that poor dear, for I had to leave her before she began to mend in that heathen country, and she couldn't speak a word of their gi3 berish. rd give much t6 know that she got well, and is all right again." "Was she English?" Ladv Elaine asked, muchinterested, and with a little nervous tremor. "That she was, and just a sweet little body, too; but she were dreadful sick, and used to beg for oranges like thirsty child for water. Many's the one I've held tohermouth and squeezed the cool juice between her burnin' lips. She was such a young thing, too, to be neglected by her wretch of a hus "Husband! What! was she married? -and neglected when she was ill?" cried Lady Elaine, beginning to lose colour at this point of the story. "Yes, leddy. It's a sad story. The pretty child left England a brnde and went travellin' from piaee to place with her husband, who seemed to have a grudge against-her for something, and wouldn't let her go home, though she ormen begged him to take her back. When they got to Madrid their money ave out entirely, and he couldn't pay ..eir bills. Then he got reckless, and didn't care, and he wou:dn't work nor try to support her. She didn't tell me all this, yer leddyship; 1 found out a .,od deal when she was ravin' with the sever. When she found that his money was gone, she said she couldn't live so, and of he wouldn't work to take care or tier, she must do something to support uerself. So she went away from him .nto cheaper lodgings. ana went to arawin' and painun' pictures to earn the bread she ate. She had some money that her aunt gave her for a weddin' present, but she were sartin' it to pay ner passage back to England as soon as she could find someone to go with; and one nay, when she went to see the con sul to get him to put her in somebody's care, a thief broke into her room and stole ail her ..» els and money. lThe shock and a ....en cold that she took threw her ism. - dreadful fever, and she was at -, ...?nest when I had to leave her." "That was hard. But how did you happen to be with her at all?" asked her listener. -"Weil, ye see, John and rre been seafaring people all our lives. lie's worked up orom a common sailor to mate, and Ive always gone along with him as stewardess. '?ls time we sailec aboard the thocket, bound from Lonaon :o Valencia for fruits, and jus, aeiore we entered port at -Valenc.a, on this coyage, John saved the cap'ns life, and so, when we landed, he told us we should have a holhday, and go where we .iked while the vessel was being loaded up. We thought we'd like to travel soout a bit, and we went up to MLadnd for a look at the city, and one day we thought we'd go and pay oar respects to the English consul. While we were waitan' to see hunm this pretty young thing comes into the waitin'-room and sets right. down in front of us. I was that startled when I see her that I hdought my heart would jump out of 'my" mouth, for she was the perfect image of a beautiful leddy that we picked up at sea once. She and her nusband had been shipwrecked coming come from India, and they had lost wueir baby-'Baby Allie,' the poor mother called her, with such heart breaking moans that they have rung in my ears ever since." "Oh! who were they?" Lady Elaine cried, with almost breathless eagerness. "AJ! leddy, I can't tell ye; but this young girl looked so exaotly like the beautifu leddy that John and I fell to talking about it, and she heard us. She turned as white as a ghost as she looked around at us and asked us would we please tell her who we were talking about, for she had been lost coming home from India during a shipwreck, and there was some puzzle about her parents and who she were." "It is Arley-she is telling me about Arley!" Lady Elaine ened to herself, her teeth almost chattering from ner vous excitement. She had half-suspec ted it before-now she was sure. But she restrained her impulse to speak of it, and listened eagerly while Jane went on with her story. "We told her," she said, "that we could not tell her who the leddy and gentleman were, for we were so busy tendin' to their wants and needs we n~evdr thought to ask; but probably the captain knew, and would tell her, if she could Ind him. She sighed and looked disappointed, but said it was 'a clew,' and might help her some time. She seemed 'mazin' glad to find we were English, and asked were we goin' back to Endgland soon. We told her yes,. n a little more'n a week. Then she said. 'Would we let her go along with us "John was mighty taken with her, .or she were jest about the sweetest ,poken, prettiest little thing we'd ever seen, and be said he'd try o fix t, iti she'd be willin to go in a snaiin' vessel. She told him, so eager and wistful, that she'd go any way to get home onrce more. Then we agreed that we'd go and talk more about it with her the next day, bult when we got there, I iound her ravin' with the fever, and more likely to go into her coffn than b~ck to England. I saw that the sick ness would go hard with her, and there was no one to take care of her save that jatberin' woman who kept the house: so I took my things ri~ght straight on, and told Joha I should stay with her till the asst m.nit before it was tme to go ba~ck to the Rocket.' SYou goea creature '" murmured Lady Elaine. with glistening eyes. while she was trembling from head so foot over thris thrilling account of A-lee's strange misfortunes. "'.nybody with a heart a stone couldn't have helped it, if they'd seen her lvi there so helpless and ne lectesi; but I didn't s'pose then that I was goin to get my pay hack in the same war," Jane returned, wth a grate . ful look in the fair face opposite her. 'I spose that is what the good Book means, where it tells ye 'to cast your bread upon the waters, and ye shall get it again after many day.s Well, that poor dear was dreadfu! bad for three or four days. but the fifth she seemed a little better, for she imew me, and told me about her troubles, or something about them. She didn't mya much about that scamp. she sort o' shielded him, but I knmew enough already from her ravin's, and so, with what she told me, I had the whole story. But it would have broken your beas to see hew she took on when she found that she couldn't go home with us, and then it came out that almost all her money had been stolen, and she hadn't anything to pay her bills with. But I fixed that all right for her, and then tried to com fort her as well as I could by tellin' her that it wasn't fit for the like of her to be goin' back to England in a sailin' vessel and 'twould be ever so much better to wait and go like a lady in a steamer, and I finally left her a bit comforted." "But was there no one in all that city-no English person whom you could have hired to take care of her?" lady Elaine asked, much distressed over Arley's sad state. "Not a soul, my leddy. though we asked our guide--w had to hire one to go with us wherever we went, for, of course, we couldn't understand a word of that gibberish, and he didn't know of anybody; the consul was away, and so we had to leave her.. I s'pose that wretch of a husband was somewhere about, but he couldn't be found." "Did he never come to her while she was sick?" "No, leddy, not while I were there; she sent for him once, but he'd gone from their other lodgin's, and nobody knew where to find him. She said if she was only well she should not mind bein' left so much, nor the loss of the money-though her heart. did ache to get home-for she could draw, and paint, and sell her piotures, and take care of herself, but to be sick and alone and without any money was fit to discourage anybody. The little chat, terin' doctor was good to her, though, and she could talk French with him, so it wasn't quite so bad as it might have been; and I told her she needn't worry over the money I'd let her have--the poor dear wanted me to take her di' moods-for it had gone into the Lord's treasury and He'd take care of it. And tie has," Jane concluded in a reverent tone. " Whatl have you ever heard from I her? Has she sent it back to you?" asked the young countess, not quite oohprehending her meaning. "Oh, dear no, marm, I don't mean that, but you have been so much kinder to me than I was to her, that I've had my payStwice over already," was the earnest reply. Lady Elaine smiled. "That is the way you reckon it, is it?" she said.. Then, with a strange trem bling of her lips and a queer feeling at her heart, she' asked: "Who was this lady ? What was her name?" ''Sue told me it was Mrs.-Mrs. Pax ton-Fm sure that was it; and I reckon that her scamp of a husband's other name were Philip, for when she were ravin' she would call out that name and beg him to go to work so that they could go home, and not stay there to starve or get into debt. I tell ye, my leddy, I don't do much snivellin' on my own account, but it made me cry like a baby to hear her; and then the day I had to leave her! I declare! for the first time in my life I was almost willin' to let John go off alone, while I stayed and took care of her. Aha! my leddy, but ye have a tender heart yerself," Jane concluded, as she heard a convul sive sob and saw that Lady Elaine was weeping bitterly. "Oh, Jane, you do not know it, but you have been telling me about my dearest friend," she said. "I was quite sure of it, even before you spoke her name, and it nearly breaks my heart to learn how she has suffered and been wronged. She was called Arley Went worth when I first knew her, and she was a lovely girl, and she never knew a care or sorrow nntil the day she mar ried Philip Paxton. I have never seen her since, for she went away directly, but she has written to me several times, though she has never hinted at any trouble, and yet I have imagined that she was not happy. And now- " She stopped short, her face all ablaie with indignation as she thought of the wretch who, having refused to do any thing to suppoit the wife whom he had won under false pretenses, had taken her to a strange, almost barbarous country, and, when she was sick, des titute, and friendless, had left her to her fate and returned to his own cooun try Her heart was in a perfect tumult of contempt and righteous anger, and she almost hated herself for having tolera ted his presence for one moment. How ever, he stood unmasked before her now, and she would know how to deal with him in the future. Jane Collins was greatly surprised by what Lady Elaine told her. "Just to think of it!" she cried, her face a perfect picture of wonderment. P"ow queer things do come- about!" "How long were you with Arley?" her companion asked. "Just about a week, yer leddyship the day was set for the Rocket to sail, and go I must. in her, for there was no one to take my place, and John couldn't get along without me any more than a baby could without its mother." "And you are sure that no one came to see or to inquire after my friend during that time?" questioned the young countess. thoughtfully, and re membering what Philip had told her about Arley receiving attention and money from a gentleman in Madrid. "No. leddy, n? a soul came near her seave the doctor, John and I," Jane as serted, confidently. "Did she at any time speak of any one whom she knew, or wished to call upon for assistance?"' "No, marm; she said she hadn't a friend to help her, and she would be without a soul to do her a good turn when I was gone." "Strange!'" murmured Lady Elaine, musingly. '" No, it is not. strasge. either," she added to herself; "it is all of a piece with his other treachery." Then she began to question Jane re garding the clue which Arler had gain ed. or though she had gained, about her parentage. She made her go over every irem of the story which she had told Arley. and which we know al ready; and as she listened to it she also became excited and nervous over it She drerw out her pocket-tabhlets., writ ing down portions of the tale. asking quick, eager questions. taking down the name of the captain of the Rocket, and the place of his residence when in port. and gleaning e'ery item which seemed likely to be of use in sifting the mys tery of her friend's birth. She was astonished when the little clock in Jane's kitchen gave fire short sharp strokes. "Why, it is five o'olock, and I have kept you talking much longer than I ought :" she exclaimed. ruefully. '"I have been here more than two hours, and I should have gone home long ago." SNever mind. dearie--rd talk an hour longer if I could do any good for ye or the poor child that's laid so heavy on my heart ever since I kissed the tears off her pale cheeks and left her alone in that outlandish city." Jane re turned, in a voice which was not quite steady. "We Kill hope that good may re-lt from what you hare told me," Lady Elaine said. cheerfully. "It may be that those trou'obles which my friend has had to endure-that those very straits in which you found and left her, will prove the greatest blessings of her life; it certainly will -be so if they lead to the discovery of her parentage. If she had not gone to Madrid and had these trials she might never have met you, or gained even a clue to the mystery. But I am going to see what. I can do with the facts you have given me. toward unlocking and solving this complicated puzzle." She took leave of Jane, and. hasten ing to her carriage, was driven back to her hotel" But she appeared very much excited, for all the way she kept tap ping one little foot impatiently upon the floor, while her eyes deepened and glowed with almost a dazzling bright ness, and a deep, rich colour mantled her usually pale cheeks. How heartily shedespised Philip Pax ton, now that she knew the hateful truth about him. How little, and mean, and contemp tible he appeared to her-how false and heartless. How she longed to grind him be tween the millstones of her wrath until he should cringe and suffer a hundred fold more than what poor Arley must have endured in that foreign city, where, sick and penniless, life must al most have seemed too bitter and worth less a thing to struggle for. Now she could understand why she had left Philip-why, proud and sensi tive as !he was, she would not remain with him to incur debt or countenance his life of idleness and poverty. Poor, brave little girl! She had never known what it was to earn a penny during all her life; but she had preferred to go out alone into the strange, unfeeling world, to battle for herself, rather than subject herself to the mortification and disgraooe of living at her ease as the wife of a shiftless hanger-on, who was too vainly proud and stubborn to work for her. Then the thought came to her tnat perhaps Philip had adopted this very course for the sake of driving her to desperate measures, so that he could have an excuse for a permanent separa tion. She believed that he was capabie of this, for she had always felt quite sure that he never would have married Arley if there had been no fortune to be won with her. She saw, now, that this story about her making appointments and receiving money from a gentleman in Madrid, was but a distorted account of the ne gotiations regarding the sale of her drawings; while, doubtless, his tale about her going away with the young Engls?hman had been coloured to her disadvantage, in the same way to fur ther his own ends. She knew well enough that Arley would never do anything to compromise her dignity or pursnt or character. Oh, if she only knew where to find her, she would have flown to her at once, and compelled her to come home and live with her during the remainder of her life. "Her happiness has been wrecked, and my future must be a lonely one,' she murmured, with a weary sigh, "'but perhaps Ariey and I could find some thmg of comfort in our love for each other. If she will come back to me we will make a home together somewhere." lThen her thoughts turned to that other story of the shipwreck and "lost baby. Alie," of which Jane Coluns had told her. " It is a clue," she said, her face lighting, "though how much can be proved by it remains to be seen; but, darling, we will follow it up-we will Sleave no stone unturned.' Oh, Arley, Arley, if it should be true, as I hope, that you belong to a noble house--that you have a right to a name of which anyone might be proud, how I should exult for your sake,. and also ibecause it would be the very punishment, of all others, which ought to fall upon that wretch who has so ill-used you." 2The carriage was stopped before the Langham, and who should step forward to assist her to alight but Philip Pax ton himself. \- The warm colour instantly faded from Lady Elaine's cheeks; her eyes grew cold and proud, and, without so much as a glance to show that she heeded his presence or his proffered hana, she leaned forward and gave an order to her coachman in a low tone of voice; then she gave him her hand and de scended from the carriage, and, with a slight bend of her haughty head to Philip, whom she could not quite ignore in the presence of several acquaintances who were standing upon the steps, she passed quickly into the hotel and up to her own room. (To be continued.) 