THE RUBY SWORD. (13y BERTRA3, I MITFOIRD.) CIIAPI'TER V.-(Continnted.) "Oh, damn the scenery! ILook here thoughl. I don't want to spoil you two fellows' shoot. You go on. Don't wait for nme. 'lThe niggerl will be here with the horse dtirectly." "No. There's no pioijt in waiting." nossented Uplward. "\Ve'll go on eh, Campiin? So lontg. lriee ryldge." The two resumlted their shoot, cut ting dowin h bird here and a bird there. and soon came together again. "That's a real show specimeni that, m'nl Bracebrydge," renmrkled Cam pinn. "What made you freeze on to him, Uplward?" "Ot, I mnet him in the Slhalnlahi club. I never look to tile ian., biut lie wats int with sonic others I ralther likted. It was Flemintg who brought linl iup hlere." "So? But, do you knoiw, it's. aL so' rowful spectacle to see at man of his age-- already growing grey--making such aln egregious ass of himself. Ilindt you, I'm not surprised at him being a little 'gone'--shle's a very takingl little girl-but to give himself away ais hle does, that's where tile ln:lcy of the. alffir comes in." Upward chuckled. "'Bless yolur life, old chlap, Bruce birydge isn't really 'gone' thllere." "Not, lch? Theln lie's a bigger idiot that event I took hlim for, letting him self go like that." "'lt's his was'. lie does just tihe salme with every \woinit hie comells lcross, if shite's at all decent-lookiing, and what's more is under tile impression sihe mlst ie wildly 'gone' on him; and by the rway, some of llthem h:ave been. W'ait' till we get back to Slhalnli; you maiy see auome fun in that line." "Tl'hey must be greater fools even than hlimself. I'm niot a woimin-hater, but really tile sex can rioll outi some stupendous examnples of defectiie in telligence-but then, to be fair, so can our own--as for instance Bracebe.dge himuself. What sort of' llace is this, Upward?" hlie broke off, as they ai.me upoMn ai low, turmlile-down wall sur rounding a tree; the enclosure thus fonrmed was strewn with loose holrns, as of sheep and goats, and yet not quite like tlhmi. "Why, it's a sort of rostic shrine, rigged up to some Mohtl.mmedan saint. Isn't it, Dhhallu KIhan?" a tmranslating the remark. .. Thile foresteri reihied, ovr. the wall, andl picking. uli.:i mairl)lkhoi horn,; worn and wea~ther beaten, held ,it towards them.. ..; :: "He says it's i, here the people coine to make sufferings," trin'slaited Up lrd. 'hllen. they .vant to have a successful stalk They vov. i:pair. : of mnirkhor'ornhrs it. a phlte llike. this." 'And then :depostit ithere,. and then the nobleBllriton, if in.' vatt of such a thing to hang iniis 1hall, iniicontinently hones it, and gbes home and lies about it ever after;"' cut finiC'mipiai. -"Isn't that how: the case stiinds?.. : '-': "I don't think so.: The:.. horns wouldn't be good enouglhto make it worthl while." ; , "I suppose not," examnining thh one tendered him by tlhe forester., -"I ilidn't know the cultus of St. Hubert. obtained among Mohnammedans." Do these people hare legends and local ghosts, and all that.kind of thing?" "Rathler. You just set old Bhdlu (han. 3yarrning--pity you can't under ltand hilm though. Look. . See that very tree over there?" pointing out a large janipei. "Hle hms a yarn ibotl a. fakir who used to jump riglht' over tihe top of it every da3 for ai year." "So? What. did lie do that for? As Spiious exercise?" "Sometlhing of the kind. But the joke of it is, the thing, happened a devil of a time aigo." Whien 1 pointed out to him that miy- fool could haye done the same, consideiiing that the tree nieedn't have been more thun a yard high, even then he hmmrdly sees it." "I sould doubt that, Upward. ,Myy opinion is that our frilend Bh:illul Khan was endeavouringi to pull his superior's leg when hlie told that story." "No. They are very stupid ill soinc ways, though sharp us the devil in others. And the odd part of it is that miust of their locra sacred yarns are rf the most absurd kind-well, like the tree and the fakir story." "They are rather a poor lot these Baluchis, aren't they? They doln't go in for nalot of jewels, on their clothes and swords, like the Indian rajahs?" "No. Some of the Afghan sirdars ido, though--or at any rate tlhy used to.". "So: And what beame of them all?" "They have them still.- though wait-let me see. ' There. are yalrns that somne are hidden away, so as not to fall into the hands of otlher tribes as loot. There i;as at fellow nanmed KIeogh ili our errice who inmade a good haul that way.. A PathaL brouukht him an old battered sword belt; en crusted with rough ..looking stones, which he had dug up, and wanted ten rupees for it. Keogh beat him down to five, d~ud brought the thing as :a eri'io. Ilow iiuch do you think he sold it for?" "Well?" "Four thousand. The stones were sapphires." "Where was this?" asked Camnpiass quickly. "Ansvlwhere near here?" "No. OGit; the other s~ly of Pesh a•wur. You seem keen on the subject aid chap! You hnven't got hold of a notion there's anything to be done inl that lin?c around here. eh?" "'LITially. This sort of country doesln't grow 4recious stones, I guess, except pirecious big ones." "Whore's lnmcebrydge?" queried Upward, otf their return to 'amp. two hours later. "lie isn't bnek yet," replied Nesta, with a very mischievous laugh. "What?' Why, he left us more than 1 couple of hours ugo. \hllait can have become of the clutp? lie onught to have been back long before us." "lle \\\was back, butl hlie started off again," s:ail 31rs'. Upvarid. "rhis time he went the other way\\-" vwhereat bothl Nesta and Plleming hltughed im moderately. "I think hIe started to hunt us up, didn't lte, Mrs. Ulpwnrd?" spluttered the latter. "Oh, I don't know. Ilit-I believe you saw hint and g'lve himt the go by-" wherea:t thie inculpated pair ex cihangedt glances, , nd siplutteredtl anew. "1 see," said Upward, amus-ing him self by beginniltg to lease T'l'inkles whose growls anut snaps alltordedl hiin considerable mirth." 1low's his chlfed foot now- Oh-h!" Tile Ilst :s the little terriey. getting in at. bite, half pl'y, ]half earinest, tnipped itim thl'ough illis trousers. S"He didn't say anyltling about his chlfed foot. Why, herte Ite comes." A very sulky l'ookintg horsemant rode up and dlismuounted. Upon hium llem inig turned a fire of sly chai; which lhadtl the effect of rendering fBrace brydge sulkier than ever, and Brace brydge sulky was not a pleasant felt low by any imenns. Ite retorted nae cordingly. "Never mind, old chap," cut in. Up ward. "It's all right ntow, 'and nearly dinner ttime. Let's all have a- 'peg.' Nothintg like a 'peg' to give one an appotite." 01? THE nUiii' SWORD. Not'~vitiout~ retrwons of ~his. own hadl ~Cna~Ua~ fnirde suchi care~ful and minute il.;*:iries as to the taditions and legends f the strange, wild country In whli,i his lot was tempo rarily cast, and ihe key to those rea sons was supllied in a closely-written sheet of paper which lhe was intently studying on the morning after the atove sonverslationl. It. was, in fact, a lett or. Not for tile first. orl second time was he studying this. It. had reachedl him ijust after his arrival in the country. and tile writer thereof was his father. The Iatter had been aL great trLavel ler ill his younger days, iand was brim 1ful of ,Eastern experienlce: full too, of reminiiscence. looking hack to perilous years passed among fierce, fait.icanl races, every (lily of whichl represented just s:n many hlclrs of carrying his life in his hand. Now hle was tspending the evening of life in peace and quiet. This was the passage whichl Camllnial wals now studying: "It came'to mne quite as a surprise to hear you were in Afgthanistan; had I kInown you t.hougllht, of going, there are a: few thinlgs we mighlt have talklied over togetller. 1 dol't suplpose tile country is much clhanlged. Oriental counlllltries never do chlange, any more tllan their ipeople. ''"You ren:me.nber that affair we have oftell talked about, wheni I saved tile lite of thie )nurani Emir. DostlHu-ssain, and the st:ry of the hiding of the ruby swoid. It-togethler with the rIemlain ider of tile fea.tlure--was buried in a dive in a long narrow valley cailled ]scllhin, runllllning allost uile east. alnd west. The moIntain oni the nurtlh side is piercedt by- a very remarkable tangi. the walls of whicih. could they be dlosed, would fit like the teeth of a steel trap. I hever saw the place myself, but, Dost II?ussain ofteni used to tell mne ahout it when hie Iromllited me half of'the buriedl valuables. 1 was not palrticular to go inlto the sub ject with himl in those days, for 1 1had as stronlg rellu·iance to tile idea of being paidl for saving a. man's life; inldeed t usedl to tell him repeatedly I did not. need so costly a gift. But hlie would not hear of my objectiions, declaring that -whlen he was lable to return for his porperty half of it should be minle, a.nll 1 fully believe he would ihave kept his wortd, for hle was a splendid fellosi--more like an1 Arab than an Asiaitic. But Dost Ilhussain was killed by the ]lralhlis, and, so far as I was concernied. the secret of tile hilddlen vahllables died with him. The only man I knows of who shared it was his brother, the Syyed Ain Asraf, but ie is probla.ly dead, or, at many ra.te nust have recovered it long ago. :l'he sworld a.lone wosild lhave been of im mensle value. I saw it once. Both hlilt and sea.blbard were encrusted with splendid rubiu.s and other stones, but nlostly rtlbies--and, there were other "aluables. "It occurs to me that all this must Inhave beenl hidden somewhere about where you are now, and, if so, you might, make a few inquiries.. I would like ;to 'know whether the sword was eyer, found or not. Find out if All Asrr:f is still alive. If so, hle must be cveryold now. It would be interesting to me-to hear how that affair endled, and twoultd Give an additiondl object to you triavels. .. ." 'T'hen the let ter went on to touch upon other nit ters, tand conuoiuded. As we Ilre said, it was not the first time Camupias had ponidered over these wordls, but every time hlie did so something in them seemed to strike him in a fresh light. Well he rement borer i hea:ring his falther tell the story by word of mouthl, btt at such timn e it had interested him as a story iidl no mlore. Now, however, that lie was in the very scene of its enactmelrt, it seemnedto gain teifold interest. VWhat if this buried treasure had never been recovered, had lain hiddlen iall these yeairs. The ltaair dated back to the forties. .Afg;hanistan his father lhad called it-but this was Afghnistaus then. In those ifays it owned tlle gislicetd the Amir of Kabul. A long, narrow italley irunning al most due east and west! There were many such valleys. And the tangi? Why the very taiugi at , whose moltlh their camp \vis pitched was the only one. cleaving the mount.in range on the.norihern side, and its confiigura tion was exactly that of the one de scribed in his father's letter. iHe could n?bt resist tie thrill of the pulses. W\hat if this splendid treasure were in reality r-iglt 'under his hand--if he only ikne' whilere to la3 his Ihand upon it? There ciane the rub. The moun taint sides here anil tlhere were simply hoiieyeomlsbed with eaves. To strike the right one without sonime clue would be a. forlora quest inideed; atd he could tllk neither B?Ialuch nor HIiintlus tati. Tl'hre very wildness of thie lios sibility availed to quell any rising ex eiteqentl to lwhich lie miight. have felt inclilted upoul the subject.; besidtles, was it likely thalt this treasure-- pro bably of double value, bothl on ac count of its own worth, and cotstitu ting a sort of heirloon--would lnhve been tllouwed to lie bulriedl for forty years or so, sitd eventually- have beuen forgotten? Someboldy or other must hlise known its hidling place. No; any ipossibility to the contrary must be simtply chimerical. Just'lthen thle "chik" was lifted, and Upward's head iapipeaLred withit tthe tent. "Can 1- conme in, old chap? Look ker, we are going oln a little ex pedition, so yon roil out and come along. Th'lere's bit of new enclosed forest. I want to look at atld report on, so we atre going to make a picnic of it. There's a high kotal between cliffs, wihich gives one a splendid view; then we enn go ,dlown ixito the valley, ail homllle agolinl rounld another way, t·hrough a. fine tangi which is w\ell worth seeing." "l'nm right on, Upward.. I'll roll out. Do 'you milnd sending IKhola in with the bath?" "That's it We are going to have breakfast a little earlier, and start. im mediately afterwards. Will that suit "ou aa" '"To t hatii'!" 'the start was duly made, and Lily and Hazel found immense fuln in \watchin~g the efforts of the two knights of the sabre to secure the pri vilege of riding beside Nesta, with the result, that, as neither would give was, the pati, when it began to narrow,. be canme inconveliently crowded. T'Ih girl was looking very pretty in a light blonse and habit skirt; her blue eyes lanncing with mnisclievous mirth over the recollcctibn of the wild rush they had made to assist her to mount; and lhov she, lha\ing accorded that pri\vi lege to I'leing,', tihe other had Ironml tly taken advantage of it by nmino\ovring his steed to the side of hers, thus, for tlhe timte beilg, etffec tuilly "riding out" tile tmuch ditgustedl IFlcmiiing. "\Vlhat's Ihe real name of this place, iiipw'ird?' suaid Camipi-t, when they \\-ertec fairly under \vay. "Chlirria htch," said Lily. "We told tou before. It, wals nalnmed after you." "Not of thee dii 1 hIumbly crave in rorminution, mine anglelic lI. 1 recordi the fuet mlore in sorrow thao in anger" lie answered. "It's called that on the Government inmps," said Upward. "1 lthink it bas nother luname---Kaehlin, I believe they call it -don't the, lhallu lKhlan?" "Ha, Huzoor, Kachlin," assented the forester, who was .riding just lbhind. "Is it the whole district, or only just. the valley?" went on Camiliaa. "Only j1tst the inlley," : bfriiSitel Upsward, who liad put the q~estion ta the old lathan.. "Strh?nie now-that: I should be Ihere;. isn't it? I've head .niy fathe'r apeak of this place. You lknow lie was out here a tot-yearas ago-- I sup pose there isn't another of the same name, is tlhere?" "lie siiys, nowhere near this part of the country," said IlUpward, render ing lUhallu Khan's reply. "But whiat made your father mention this place in particular? Was he iln aty row here ?" "'lerhapls ihe 'missed birds' here, too," cut in the irrelpressible Lily. "1 know. It was named after him-not you.' "That's it. Of course it. was. Now, I never Ilhougilt of that before," asn seited ('ailpiani, with a. stare of mock inimzenent. "1 believe, however, Up ward, that as a matter of fact, hIe re imembered the ra.ther remalrkable for mation of that tangi behind the caitmp. Th'ini lie dropped out of the conver sation, andt thought over what hle had just l heardl. Truly this thing was be cotming interestiig. lie luid located tilhe very place. There could be no mistake albout that. lIc haid been on thle point of asking if Bhallu lKhan linld heluard the story of thd fliglht of the l)urani chief, or of Syyed Ain Asraf, but decided to let tlit alone for the presenit "Whlo is th'lt bounider, Camutinn?" Btracebrydge was saying. "Does any one kino\v?" "ie isn't ii 'bounder,'" returned Nesta shortly. "lie's a''fully nice. "Oh, awfully niice- ah-l-lha--hlu- ha!.'" sneered lracebrydge, with his vacuous laugh. "Very sorry. Didn't lknow he wais such a friend of yours." "BIut he is." "P'ity hie goes abliout looking suck a slouch then, isn't it?" "Lt. woitd be-if he' did. lBut then everybody doesn't see the sense of knoclkinig about atmong rocks and stoutes got iup as if he was just turned out of ai baud box, MIujor' Brace lrydge," she returned, quite angrily. "Oh. ' Sorry I spoke-ah-Ihat-hat" hlie retorted, recognising aL shaft level led :t, his own imnaiculate tu'n-out. Flemingig caime to the rescue. "Don't know what'lts wrong nithl this fellow, Miss Cheriton. lie's been so crusty the aInst day or two. lie ought to be invalided. 3racebrydgc, old 1nan, bulck? up." a\ couple of hours of easy riding, and tihe whole party' gained the kotal, to which we heard Upward matke re ference, and his eulogy of tile view nafforded therefronm was in no sense undeserved. Right in front the ground fell abruptly, well nigh preci pitously, to a great depth; and' in the valley, or basin beneatth, here and there a plot of flat land under culti vation stood out greeni aimong the roll ing furrows? of grey rock iand sombre vegetation. Opposite rose a miglhty mass of mountain, piled uip tier upon tier of great clitTs. andl beyond this, flar away to the left, a lofty range dark wit.h junipter, swept rouil1 to meet the hteighlts which shut iii tihe amphui theatre from that side. Dowtn into this the bridle path over the kotsal wound, looking like a mere crnck in a wall. A great crog toweredil right overhead, ts jutting pinnacles :nd ledges stand ing defiantly forth against the sky. "Not a bad spot for a pic-nic, is it?" said Uipward comnplaceittl', as, haring dismuounted, they stood taiking in the i'tow. "'By Jove , no." said Fleming. "Phe'lcw! what an idea of depth it con vers. looking right down into that hole. Look Miss Cheritoh. There are some ipeople moving dclown there. They seemn a:bout as big as flies." "How big are flies? I always thought flies were small?" cut in Lily, the irrepressible. "Not always. Depends upon the fly." murinured Campian. "Well, I shall hare to leave you people for a ui'hile," said Upward. "There's a new lplantation up the hill I want to look at. Shn't be more than an hour, and we can have tiffin then. It's quite early yet" "I'll go with you, Upward," said Campian. And the two started, ar tended by Ilhnallu Khan, mounted on hfis wiry Dahluch-on. 'i'm getting deiadl3 sickl of tlhat fel low lracebrydlge," began Upward. "1 wish to heaven he'd clear. He always wants to boss the whole show as if it belonged to him. Did you hear bihn trying to dictate where we were to pitch the tiffin camp?" "YeS." "le always does that sort of thing, or tries to be funn"y at somebody else's expense. i'mn getitilg jolly sick of it." He was still more sick of it, wilen, on returning, hlie found that Brace brydge had carried his poiht, and actually had caused, a removatl of the sakl site. However, Upward was of :an easy goipg dislposition, trhoughl ad dicted tI ocsional fidgety fits, so he c:ame to the conclusion that it couldn't be helped now, and didn't really moat tcr aterer ll, and the tillin was pler teons ; ~im good and the soda, water well coolled. So they fed; aind diatted and had a good time genorall:y. (To be continued.) 