THE GIMCRACK CLUB. [CHRONICLED BY W. T. G.] The usual weekly meeting of the Gimcrack Club was held at the rooms, Cartridge-street, Bal- main, on Wednesday night, the President (Mr. Wriggletwist) occupying the chair. Mr. O'Moses said the time was now drawing nigh when Australia would cele- brate its birth in a glorious outburst of national spirit. Mr. Snazzlewit : I thought all the spirits were to be imported ! Mr. O'Moses thought the occasion was a grand one, and one of which the country might be proud. Here was a country flow- ing with milk and honey at the height of its prosperity. It was true that half the sheep in the colony had died ; that half the farms had been burnt out by bush fires, and most of the rest were mortgaged ; it was true that several banks had not yet been able to pay what they owed, and that whole crowds of unemployed were overjoyed at the idea of getting one week's work out of three ; but still the country was very prosperous indeed. Mr. Snagglewit: Where does its pros- perity come in ? Mr. O'Moses : Look at its magnificent resources ! The mere fact that it had to send to the Raspberry Garden, called Tas- mania, for 76 per cent. of the iron ore necessary to start a steel rail works was abundant evidence of its magnificance in natural resources. Everybody was happy, and nobody was really poor. It was a time of national rejoicing, especially as the cost of the Great National Booze could be charged up to Loan Funds. That was the beauty of Australian finance—when money was borrowed it could be used for all sorts of legitimate purposes, and the loyalty to the mother country was so strong that there was never any difficulty in borrowing from London Jews at a high rate of interest and a discount off the principal sum borrowed. His heart swelled with pride when he thought—— Mr. Snagglewit: Did you get a Govern- ment invitation ? Mr. O'Moses: Of course I did. I'm a J.P. All magistrates of the territory got invitations, and will attend all free. Mr. Snagglewit : Cæsar's ghost ! There's something in this J.P. racket after all. Mr. Chogsop confessed that he felt depressed. He had frequently observed that hilarity and jubilation was invariably followed by depression and misery ; this rule applied personally as well as nationally. If you saw a man over night singing and laughing, and swearing eternal brotherhood to utter strangers, it was safe to bet that when he arose in the morning he would have a head on him like a boiled pumpkin, and would be despondent and disconsolate. He feared that when the national drunk was over—— The President: Order ! Mr. Chogsop : Why, the secretary of the Citizen's Committee is named Hennessey, and though he is personally very abstemious gentleman his name is most appropriate. It was a pity the Organising Secretary's name was not Robertson or Walker or Daniel Crawford. The celebrations would make everybody very hilarious, but, alas, he looked forward to the time, at no distant date, when the bills would come in, when the cost of the elaborate junketting would have to be met. And then they would shortly have another Parliament and Government to keep, and another bench of Judges and all manner of officials. And they would hare to build a Federal Capital on the pinnacle of Mount Canoulas or on the black soil plains of Yass, or among the snow-drifts of southern Monaro. Oh, he felt that though the Gre t Free Drunk was at hand, the “terrible after- math was looming in the close distance.” It was drawing nigh. It was a sad and dismal reflecti n to a person of thoughtful mind, to one who looked to the tuture and was not prepared to sacrifice everything to a pint of beer in the present. It made his heart bleed—— Mr. Snagglewit : If you don't stop this miserable strain I'll make you're blanky nose bleed ! The President : Order ! Mr. Snagglewit : Well, what's he want to make us all miserable for ? I'm close up to crying myself. Mr. Bifken saw no cause for alarm. The more Parliaments they had the more people would get billets who might otherwise have to join the unemployed. And the more members of Parliament there were the more business there would be for butchers and bakers and other tradespeople, all of whom had to employ some people. He thought instead of reducing the local Parliament—— Mr. Snagglewit: Who says it is to be re- duced ? Mr. Bifken didn't say so. He was sure the legislature would take all sorts of care about that. Of course the Billites made a strong point of the alleged fact that under Federation the expense of the local Parliament would be largely de- creased ; but they never expected anybody to believe them, and nobody would, except perhaps those simple persons who did not understand politics. But he thought it would be far better to increase the member- ship of the Assembly to about 400 or 500, and there should certainly be 1000 members in the Federal Parliament. As most poli- ticians were lawyers, this would relieve the strain on the legal profession, where com- petition was becoming so keen that it was becoming quite a rare thing to find a con- scientious lawyer. Mr. Snagglewit : Anything new in that? Mr. Bifken did not know whether it was new or not, but he thought the larger Par- liament was the better, and apparently the Lyne Government took the same view. Mr. Snagglewit : They're only truckling to the Labor Party ? Mr. Bifken said as the Labor Party put them in office to suit themselves it was only right to truckle to them. This was an age of smooge. The politician who failed to smooge had no hope of getting into office. Old Bingie Reid was just the same. The President,: Order ! Mr. Bifkin apologised. If the term “Bingie” was offensive he would with- draw it and substitute Pot-belly Reid. When Mr. Pot- belly Reid was in office—— The President : HORDER. The honorable member must speak respectfully of our statesmen. Mr. Snagglewit: How if you don't feel any respect for them ? The President: Then you must pretend to have it. Politics is nearly all pretence. After the King Division election, Mr. Reid shook hands with Mr. Barton, whom he called his “great antagonist,” and a few weeks later he was falling out of buggies up at the Macleay making desperate endeavors to keep Mr. Barton out of Parliament. Honorable members must speak respectfully of politicians. Mr. Chuokleben : Guns and pigeons, And pigeons and guns, Of manifold variations, Are journeying down To Sydney Town To look at the celebrations. With creditors sick At the risky trick, And the empty explanations ! But all must go To the Boozing Show At the Federal Celebrations. The magsmen small And the burglars tall Will hold their consultations ! The confidence men In the boozing ken Will make their preparations ! And thieves there'll be Of every degree, And various occupations ; All ready to rob The chump, begob, At the Federal Celebrations ! Mr. McParritch thought the Government had done a very wise thing in postponing the hanging of Jacky Underwood and Jimmy Governor, until the middle of Janu- ary. The papers had been full of “celebra- tions” for weeks, and the people would be full of beer for a week after Com- monwealth Day. Then there would be a re-action, and everything would be flat, stale, and unprofitable. There would be nothing in the papers, and no doubt that was why the Government kept these two miserable wretches in the tor- ture of suspense. The papers would be able to give a re-hash of the crime and compare the outlaws with former desperadoes. This would afford plenty of copy in case there were no more sensational divorce cases or Gatton murders or boot trunk mysteries. Besides, Nosey Bob wanted to enjoy himself during the jubila- tions just as well as anybody else. No doubt the Government had taken all these matters into consideration. Mr. Snagglewit : Sir William, he's gone under, And Barton, he's a wonder, To get the lead ; And G. H. Reid, I bet, he swears like thunder. Mr. Ponderchug said Australia's Noblest Son had euchred Australia's Yes-Noblest Son. The wily Georgie wanted to keep Barton out, thinking he could more easily defeat Lyne. But Lyne went begging and praying to Barton's push, and of course they all stuck to Toby. Mr. Snagglewit : How much does he owe 'em? The President : Order ! Mr. Snagglewit : I mean in the way of gratitude ! Mr. Ponderchug thought they owed every- thing to Mr. Barton. That great man was the only possible Premier. If he had hap- pened to die of over-eating or anything like that, the Commonwealth would have had to be abandoned. Some people did not seem to re.lise that Mr. Barton was the only man in Australia who could have brought about Federation. The best years of his life had been sacrificed to the noble cause of providing more and better billets for statesmen in want of a job. It was absurb of Lord Hopetoun to have sent for Lyne at all. Mr. Snagglewit : It was absurd of Lyne not to have formed a Government, anyhow. The Governor-General would have been bound to give him a trial ! Mr. Ponderchug thought that probably the Barton push promised him a portfolio if he retired in favor of the great and gift d stateman whose record was without blemish, and wh se character, public or private, bore no stain. Mr. Barton had always been on ardent Federalist when out of office, Somehow, when he got into office he seemed to forget all about it, but, fortunately for our national greatness, he had to retire from the Dibbs Government, and then, again, he, as usual, put on the mantle of Sir Henry Parkes. Luckily, he did not succeed in ousting Premier Reid in 1899, and so he went on with the noble work. Probably, if he had got into power as Premier, he might have taken off the mantle again and put it in the cupboard until such time as he was again out of office. However, the boycott against Lyne had succeeded, and Lyne deserved it. If he hadn't the courage to form a Government without going to Barton's push, what could he expect? Mr. Chuckleben: It is a game that's full of tricks, If played for love or lucre. And at the best our politics Is just a game of euchre. Mr. Waddlekin said the Empire was in danger. The 200,000 soldiers in South Africa were unable to capture Christian de Wet, who w s stiikin terror into the hearts of loyalists. Only a fortnight ago he invaded Cape Colony with nine men and a boy, and by the time the British got to where they last heard of him he was away up in Rhodesia. What was wanted was more troops from Australia. (Cheers.) They must stick to the dear old mother country. Australia had voluntarily become a recruit- ing ground for soldiers ; she had abandoned peace and thrown in her lot with the British policy of fighting the battles of the Stock Exchange ; that being so there was nothing for it but to goon and keep on drain- ing the country of its hardy manhood until none but the weak, decrepid, and disloyal were left. The country, just beginning to be a new nation, had no need of ha dy sons of the soil : they should all be sent abroad to fight the battles of Joe Chamberlain and Cecil Rhodes. That was the way to build up a nation—to drain it of its bone and sinew. And they had the satisfaction of knowing that if Australians did what was wanted, the Queen would send them a tin of chocolate every alternate Christmas, and they would be warmly eulogised, and made to wait for their pay if they lived. There was no doubt Australia would be called upon, and there could be no doubt what the re- sponse would be. (Cheers.) Australia was loyal to the Empire ! Her people loved the old land, and would fight to crush tyrants who refused to use pocket-handkerchiefs ; he referred to Mr. Kruger. (Loud cheers.) He now begged to move that they adjourn to the Devil's Home to partake of a jorum of the hell- broth called rum. (Cheers.) The motion was carried, and the club adjourned. 