[?] THE FIRST 'CHRISTM\S CARD. Tho first. Christmas .card .was issued in; December,- 1846, from the office of the ' Home. Treasury, ' in Old Bond Street, and was sold for ono shilling. It was, ualike modern Christmas cards, whose designs refer to any thing rather than Christmas, charac 'teristically Chrietmaasy. Its si/.e was .that of a lady's visiting card, and in this small space were con trived turee pictures, in tne centre is a family party. . Three generations are feasting nt a table groaning under all mauler of things — roast beef, plum pudding, and mince pies to. wit — and they are further seen to bo washing- down this solid meal ! with alcoholic liquors. At either-end of! this picture appears another, repre senting seasonable charity, -the whole forming a striking contrast with the cards of recent years, New Year cards followed hhe introduction of Christmas cards at a respectful distance ; but it is somewhat diffi cult to see why they should not really^ be more popular than their fellows, for surely, Bince good .wishes cost nothing, it were better to offer -a .compendious wish for a happy 365 days than a comparatively grudging aspiration for a week's jollity. But these vagaries of fashion are things no oue can pretend to understand. ? ' WHERE SNOW FALLS. 4 Not only do enow- aweepers fiud caOre than do the ordinary; oues, but they quite often find rather , large parcels, for erraud lac^s stop to slide or to have a bout, at snow-balling, they put their parcels down, and oue of these is soon covered in a drift,' confessed a suow-sweeper recently. He had been for many .years in . tho. employ of a-;Wost End; Vestry,, aad was therefore able to speak on the, subject with accuracy born of, per sonal experience. ' Many ? of _ ;th'o tin'ds, too, come from people falling. A lady . falls,- and articles in her hand, or : in her muff at the time roll amongst the snow. She ia confused |.when she rises, aud, gets away as soon as possible, aud many and many a purso, have. I both found myself aud seen found.. Always remember that in ordinary times, ,wheu,. oue drops a coin or any article of thai, kind, it rings on the pavement, but: this is not so when snow and ica are? on the ground ; and., when these t partially remain for days, as,. they, do in the suburbs, we always .look out for valuables. I, never jSwept^Bpow for, a full day without a find of some value, and I have found- four or five coins of different values on the same day, including some poor workman's money, made up in a little paper package, just as he had received it at the pay ollice.' THE OHIO IN OF THE ' WAITS.' Few of the many quaint oldi cus toms considered necessary to bB kept at Yuletide- by our fore-fathers re main even in the shadow to the preseut-day. Perhaps the most popular remaining relic is the waits or ' wayghtes,' still dear to tha heart of .both old and .young, Who, in deed, has not heard these tirae liouored and welcome heralds of the festive seasou with feelings of cheer fulnt.'SB aud joy? The wayghtes in early times 'were' musical liight watebman in palaces, castles, camps, and all fortified towns, who piped at certain hours throughout the night for the purpose of changing guard or to awaken some early-rising knight by sof!t music at ^iis chamber-door. These watchmen were appointed by the municipal authorities in all townB, and enjoyed certain jealously-guarded privileges, which remained long after castles had been dismantled and intornal fortifications wero no longer necessary. They continued to parade tho streets on winter nights up to the end of last century. WISHED TO SUPPRESS CHRIST MAS. It; may seem almost incredible, but it is a fact that within. reciBut, times Chiistnios , J)ay. was described aa a ?superstitious festival, and put down in England by ( the., strocj Sl|a|jd i of, tha ' law. . The holly and . the | miBtletpe.^bp^gh^ wer^ ordered .tp. ' plants of the Evil One.' Gakoa and ale were hold to bo impious offerings to superstition.. It was Oliver Crom well who ordered 'that throughout the principal towDs in the country Christinas should not be observed, 'it beiug a hurtful custom,' In ordar to make people forget Christ mas, ho eiiactod that all the markets should be held on the 25th December. This was touchiui; the poop1?, eopeii ally the country f-.-!ks, ori thoir most sensitive point, '-'it was hardly to be ?-spscteds that : they would quietly submit to so extraordinary a rule, nor did'tbey;: . ; . . . THE MISTLETOE BOUGH. Everyone knows — or, at loast, has heard— that famous old ballad, 4 The Mistletoe Bough,' and probably most j people are aware that Ilaynes Bayley founded it upon a legeud, which tells how a bride amused herself oh her wedding-day by playing hideand seek and though tho mansion was searched from floor to roof, was never [ seen again. . Her skeleton was found long years afterwards in an oak chest, where she. had concealed herself, and beon iiuprisoued by ? tlio spring, lock. Many -vho may sing tli.o song this Chrisl'inostiJo will 'be astonished^ to -I Isa.rti that the identical old oait chest in in the po8aeS9iou of Liout.-Colonel Greatwood, of.;Tiverton Castle, it -is an. ancient .coffer of oak, measuriiig five, feet six and a. half inches long, by , one foot, ten and a half inches, in breadth, and, two. feet ,'threo; inches high. It is most beautifull3' carved, tho front being divided into three panels, depicting wooded landscape!}'. MILLIONS OF CHRISTMAS TREES. According to that great statistical authority, Mulhall. during the festive season 400 000 Christmas trees are sold in Berlin,-' '-or; one ' tree : to every four inhabitants;' while at Dresden, 200,000 trees are purchased, -which giv-j-; an avorage of two trees to overy t.hvno iuliaibitauts. If we struck an. average, and applied it to London's population, we should find one ar.d a third million Christmas trees decor ated and illumined on December 25th in tho metropolis alone, or sufficient, if planted in a row aiid three feet ,apart; to extend from London to 'either Christiania, Vienna, Floronce, or Madrid. Germany, however, is the homo of tho Christmas tree, the custom having baen introduced by the conquering legions of Rome under Drusiis ; consequently to guage the popularity of the Christmas treo in England by the aid of a German standard would manifestly result in a considerable exaggeration. 113 MILES OF CHRISTMAS PUD DING. : Christmas pudding is a fascinating subject to those who have: not yet encountered the terrors of r Demon Indigestion, and even moat, of those who have brave them at\Y,ul?tide by, tasting ' just a bit,' for, as ' ffioy r£'-, mark, 4 It,wpulJn't,seeni;liko Chw'st mas without a Christmas puddicg.' That', & 'a' ''whole,' oiir.-' digestive organs are in pretty^sound condition will .be gaiiiered 't'rom' tljfe^ fact ; that we ionsuiue ^no less ;th»n 3)571 tons 'of' 'Christmas puiaiugs|. . ' Just imagine''1 tlie(. n'ightriiare^V that lurk' therein'; ' ''Fancy, too',: ^you have 'one, ,and:' you^'sed '' the'; ^h^tVoL'ar Christinas pudding as a 'glifrfoiiS -']w-nble^ ,' It -is a dieo as big 'as . tho . great ' wheel at Earl's ; Coiirt.'j And 'if. you ; saw this puddiiig' lo'ng-ar'awn out you would , not 'be 'able '.tef'se'd' the!-, ends of 'it. if you were'!stanSing' a!t its ce'utre,' for while' - boing. some .three feet in cir cumference *itf' fw^uld ' ektjsnd either way ' SOO, 000 . feet, 'and w:iuld reach nearly from London to Bristol, or 113 iuiles.! If 'you chopped this length into columns of the height of the Eiffel .Tower 'you ' would get 000 of them, 'while: with- the sacks cf flour used -in'the making you might pav« a street one mile in length and twenty five feet bread. Why is a carriage 'like at priest? Because it a .eayer -. f aoles (aouls). ' Why should, a. soldier lo.ve the sea ?. BecfvUda lie's a map -o1 war. Why is the eat;le a. religious bird ? Beca'iso i'/» a bird of prey (pray,)., . ; Why is a c.ook an ioconatnnt friend? B9cause she sometimes gives us the cold'shoiildar, and is oftoh th^.oauve of broil^betwedn ug. Whiit'^is ths difference botwean a bad,, maii and a timid man P Not much. Oue i v. fowl- hearted and the other chicken-hearted. In what way does a pistol. repre- sent the prejstf . It occasionally re. ports in a case of murder,. What tlsb is .seen oftenest-'during, frosty weather ? Tlie skate. What part of i.peoch is a ^ias P A copulative conjunction. What is the difference betwee* a snipe and an unpri^ciple,.! mt^n P One always has a long bill in frout of him, the other leaves .a . long bill behind him. Wny mo y, the 'r,ea be taid to disliko fine clothes? LfiCbUhe it is always rough with a heavy swell. When 'is a man like' ai farm loaf? When he is country bred (bread). What is tho; differbhee between Hamlet's father' aud an' average? One is an unhappy ghost, th6 o:her the happy medium. Why does tea differ from an Eng lish officer? Because it is usually in. the service of China, What two indoor gameB does tea' most resamble? Draughts among, .hqppy familios. ? Why docs a doctor never 'catch in fljienza ? Because he is (_w)rappod up, all .the year found. . , : , ,j - In ,y?hich yeat; should we got iho 