FOR THE QUEEK BY E. PHILLIPS OPPENHEIM. . . COPYRIGHT. ' CHAPTER X. 7 found Reggie, ns I had expected, in a state of great excitement. He was walking up and down tho room when I entered, muttering to himself. He stopped short at once, trembling all .over. s "I believe you knew!" he cried. "You knew who it was." I nodded. "It was TInpris, I suppose?"' i Reggie snnk back into a chair, "Yes, it was Harris," he declared with a little shudder. "They sent me to Clraring Cross Hospital — he had been moved there," "You did not tell them who he was?" "No. I simply said that it was not Shai- ders. Do you suppose tlrat .it was Harris whom I followed to Englnnd— Harris who stole tiie letters?" , "I never bad tho least doubt about it," I answered. "The shooting party was a myth. He came back witli or without an accomplice, opened the safe witli the Em bassy keys, or witli a false one, which lit could easily have had made, lie gagged nnd chlorofotTfied Shnlders, and when he was helpless got him somehow up into the attic. Then lie started for England, giving the name of Shalders to put you oif the scent. He was followed, of course, by agents of the secret police of Marinnburg, arid tho . end of tlmt you know. The all-important question to us is, What had he done with tlie lettcris? Now I am beginning to be afraid that he either disposed of them or sent, thciri somewhere through the post from Paris." "But for what purpose?" Reggie ex- clnimcd. "Granted that he was blackguard enough to. steal them, what was his object? IVhat use could they have been to him?" "As to that I answered, "I have a theory which I am going to test before I explain ! it to you. It will take me the rest of the day. Hoiv can you occupy yourself?" . "I shall write— to her," he said. | I laid my hand upon his shoulder. ' "If I were you, Reggie," I said, "I would employ my time- more profitably. If you write to her, I do not think that she will read it." ' . "What do you mean?"' he cried, fiercely. . "It is no use being angry," J said. "You will liavo to face facts. I have had direct communication with her since I have seen you. She will never forgive you!" lie dropped intp a chair, and covered lib face witii his hands. He asked no ques tions. He was, I- think, already convinced of her unchanging anger. . I laid my hand upon his shoulder. "Come," I said, a little impatiently, per haps—almost roughly, "come. You did not seriously intend to drivel away your life, tlie cavaiiere serviuit-eveh of a queen. You have offended, and she will not forgive you. In tho end you will be glad of it, but for tlie sake of the past, you owe her some thing. Don't give way like 'a girl. See this matter through first. There is just a \- chance left." lie sat up, pale and red eyed, and lis tened to what I had to say. "I want you," I said, "to describe the packet to me as carefully as you can." "It is about 8 inches square," he said, "quite thin, and it is tied up with white rib bon. Tho packet itself is of Japanese white- silk, stained a good deal with crushed violets. The. loose letter' was just folded up and slipped underneath the ribbon. There is a ring inside, up in the left- hand corner." I nodded- slowly. "I shall remember that," I said. "Now, Reggie, I shall be away, perhaps, for the rest of the day. I want you to go to the club, and wait there for me. I might want you at any moment, and I want to be sure of finding you." . "Cannot I stay here?" he asked, "I don't jvant to see a lot of. fellows I know." "No," I answered, ; firmly.; 'n"I want you to'be at' II pint you out of the house, 'Reggie, in 10 minutes." 7 "You will send for me," lie liegged, "as soon as you can?" "As soon as I can — I promise that,"- I answered. "It may be" some time. Tlie longer I am, the greater the chance of suc cess. Remember that, and it will help .to pass the time." Reggie left tho house in a few minutes. Then I went baek into the drawingroom. My visitor- was still there, but she was ly ing upon the couch, and did not look up at my entrance. I walked softly, up to her. Her eyes were closed, her head was thrown back upon the cushions— she was asleep. I walked softly away towards the door, ? but before I reached it some instinct ; prompted me to return. I stood looking over her for several minutes. After all, wits my .brother's - infatuation 'so wonderful . a thing? Even here, asleep, and in her tra velling clothes, she wns a beautiful woman. I could very well believe that, as the central and all important figure of a brilliant court, she would be almost irresistible. bho woke, and found me looking stead fastly at -her. Without any trace of embar rassment she sat up and smiled at me. "Well," she said, "is there news yet?" "Of a kind," 'I answered, "there is news. The man who was murdered at the Hotel Maurice was Leonard Harris." - "TV hat, Sir Henry's secretary?" she ex claimed. "Yes." ' "And the packet?": "There were no signs of it," "The young man, Harris," she said tg heiself softly. "Well, after all, it is the insects who are venomous." "He had cause, perhaps?" I ventured. "Oh, I was rude to "him once," she inter rupted. "He was a boorish young man, and he presumed.- But if it was he who stole the packet, I do not see why it was not in his possession.'.' .. . I sat down by her side. She had moved her skirts in n manner which' indicated hci ' desire that I should do so. "Your majesty," I snid, "I fear the natu ral presumption - is that he had parted with them." "In which case, ". she remarked, with a look which rebuked my, inadvertence, "they are in tho lrands of my enemies." . "I have, "I said hesitatingly, "a vague theory as to what may have become of them. It sounds so lar fetched, -rind if is in itself bo improbable, tlrat I would 'rather say nothing to you about it for the present. But, with your permission, I will spend the morn ing testing it." "You will leave me again so soon?" She certainly had wonderful eyes. I found it safer to look downwards at the car pet. "In your service," I murmured, "and with tlie utmost regret." "You will be — as quick ns possible.?" "You may be sift'e of it," I answered, "And am I to remain here until you re turn?" .r "If you will. . I shall give you into the charge of my own servant, and will see that you are undisturbed." I rose from the sofa. She gave me both her lrands. .. . "My friend," she snjd earnestly, "you are very good to me. Whether I remain a queen or beconje a woman, I shall not for get it." CHARTER XL In less than half an hour I was riding slowly down the Row, exchanging the bar est greetings with the people whom 1 knew, and carefully avoiding everyone likely to detain me, . There were a great many on horseback, and a crowd of proineiraders, hut for a long 'time my search was a fruitless one. I had almost arrived at the conclu sion that I must try some other means when, at the comer, I came face to face with two girls riding slowly, and followed k.v a groom. The elder one, dark and mo derately handsome, but without any special distinction, bowed to me graciously, and, to her evident surprise, I reined in my horse" beside (Ser. " "Good morning, Miss Ogdc'n," I exclaim ed. "I was beginning to think that you !v1r„ En71 Up your m'ng rides. You' uerc not here yesterday, wore you?" , estcrday, and the day before, and the day before that,'' she laughed. "There themnUry Pe0pI' and you seem to know "They are a great nuisance sometimes," I remarked. Don't you think that it is a great mistake to have too many friends?" one shook her hend. "Perhaps. My sister and I nre not troubled m that way, are we, Carrie?" Hie younger girl agreed, a little dole- !,' , 'cane over in my saddle. "Won't you introduce me to your sister?" I asked. Miss Ogden did so at once. . k-csterday," hIic 'remarked; "you were riding with tlie Countess of Appleton. I think tlrat if 1 were a man and riding with tho Countess of Appleton I should not' see nnyonc else. Sho is very beautiful, is she not?" "She is my cousin, so I am scarcely a fair judge," I remarked, turning my horse. "May 1 come with you a little way?." She was surprised, but frankly acquies cent'. I had tho advantage of belonging to a set of which they were not members, and my offer therefore, especially as my acquain tance with Miss Ogden was of the slightest, was obviously welcome. I had danced with her a few nights ago to oblige a Worried hostess, and had found her a pleasant, sen sible girl. She did not hesitate, as we rode slowly down under the trees, to admit their some what doubtful social position. it in quite interesting for us to be. with someone who knows everybody," she Re marked. "You see, this is only oiir 'second' season, and until this year we never ' had a house m town. I suppose that is one rea- son why. we know so few- people outside the political set. Politicians may be useful creatures, but they are riot amusing." I laughed softly. Sir James Ogden was a politician who had worked his way up' from he ranks. He had been a provincial manu facturer, mayor of his city three times, and knighted for a liberal 'entertainment of roya'ty Ho had gone into Parliament, and, with the aid-of a fluent tongue and a largo business capacity, had worked liis way into office. His methods were not alto gether to the liking of his party, and ho was yet to a certain extent unproven. But, on the whole, his success had been remarkable. Unfortunately, hri had married early in life, and his social prospects were -hampered by a good natured but uneducated wife. As usual, it was the daughters who suffered. London was a fascinating but unknown world to thorn, and there was no one to be their sponsor. I rode slowly down between the two girls, receiving a good many surprised saluations, and doing my best to make myself agree-- able— a task which, in the circum stances, was not difficult. They fully ex pected, as I could see, that I should leave them in a minute or two; but I did nothing of the sort. I ansivercid my cousin's imperi ous little movement of lier whip with a bland smile and an indifferent wave of my hat, thereby offending her grievously, nnd remained with -them until tho people began to thin off. Then, as wc were walking our horses and talking under the trees, a stout, rod faced- old lady , rose up from a elrair and waved to us. Miss Ogden's cheek flushed, but she reined in her horse at once. "It is my mother," she remarked. "I quite forgot that she was looking out for us.' I am afraid that we must go to hpr." "By all means," I answered cheerfully! "By the bye, I have not the - pleasure of knowing Lady Ogden. Won't you pre sent me?" . "With pleasure," she answered readily. "Come, Carrie." ' We rode up to the railings, and 1 was formally introduced. Lady Ogden was flus tered, but good-natured. As it happened, nothing could have been' more fortunate for me than tbis-mecting. ' Lady Ogden was nothing if not hospitable, and before we had exchanged lralf a dozen words I .was asked to luncheon. The- two girls exchang ed glances of resigned dismay, which speed ily changed to surprise when. I at once ac- ;cep,tqd't)ie..,inyitotiQrL,,..In a few, rainiitosi we rode off together again, with Lady Og den's carriage close behind. / CHAPTER XII. I am free to confess that my behavior tlrat morning was the behavior of a snob. Regarded from a certain point of vieiv, it was inexcusable; yet, under similar circum stances, I know that I should do precisely the same again.- -I traded upon my position with the 'obect of ingratiating myself with Lady Ogden and her daughters. I promised them cards for, certain forthcoming events (a promise, by the bye, which was faith fully kept), and I was able to give them a good many useful hints and information with regard to their new position, its possi bilities and obligations. I ain . quite sure tlrat my luncheon at their house that day was regarded, both by Lady Ogden and her daughters, as. the most important event which had happened to them since their arrival in London; and if to a certain ex tent I allowed them to be deceived ns to 111 motives, I have at least made a very full atonement. The present social position of Lady Ogden and her family is largely owing to my efforts;' and if Miss Louise looks a little reproachfully at me in the. Park, when for several mornings I fail to speak to her, she is nt least frankly grateful for the ser- vices which I have rendered them. Furi ther, Lady Ogden' can always rely upon me for one of her dinners; and nothing would induce me to be absent from any social function at her house to which I am bid den. I have been to a certain extent their good aiigel, and there are now very few houses in London which are not open to Lady Ogden and her daughters. Still, I fancy that none of them— except Sir James, who will keep his own counsel— have ever quite understood that morning. And bc- .yond the fact that ?I have striven so hard to atone for my abuse of their first net ot hospitality, there was my motive— strong enough surely to make a man unscrupu lous. There was always before me the re membrance of my brother's white face, and the image of the woman who waited for my final effort. A queen- to-day, to-morrow, if - I failed, an outcast. No! I behaved like a cad', but I am only thankful for the inspire; tion which suggested this forlorn hope. Luncheon was prolonged to its utmost limits. I talked to interest Lady Ogden and her daughters, and I succeeded. Sir James listened with a somewhat forced air of attention, but on the whole I could see tlrat my presence also gratified him. He professed to he too busy, to have no tastes for- society; but it was easy to see that as: an ambitious man he was annoyed and irri,-, tated to find himself so small a figure here,' and his- social pretensions ignored, after liis provincial triumphs. Evidently lie had been told to make himself specially agree able to me; he did liis best, but, during luncheon at least, he bad but little oppor tunity. The girls were really bright and naturally well bred. They talked by no means badly, and we found plenty to. say. After luncheon, which was protracted as long as. possible, Sir James proposed a cigar and cup of coffee in his room. I took my leave of the ladies, and followed him into tho library, "I have just one hour which I can call my own," he remarked, wheeling out a chair for me. "As a rule it is the only idle one of my day. I .ajn old-fashioned enough to enjoy my luncheon more than my dinner." A servant brought liquers, and coffee, and Sir James produced some cigars and cigar ettes.' I lielped myself, and,' whilst I sip ped my coffee, looked around the room curiously,. On the table was 0 black de spatch box. Sir James, with a word of apology to me, took a bunoh of keys from liis pocket, and opened it. The match with which 1 was lighting my cigarette went out in my fingers, nnd my heart gave a quick beat. I was right then! A strong odor of crushed violots- floated out into the room. CHAPTER XIII. Sir James looked, steadily into the box for several moments with a faint smile on his lips. Then bo carefully pushed it a little further baek upon the table, and, lighting a agar, stretched himself out in nn easy chair opposite to mine.' He began to talk at once on different subjects. Without be ing in any sense of the word a politician, I had made several speeches in the House of Lords upon subjects- interesting to me, one of which hod provoked considerable discus sion. Sir James and I beihg. of the same Party, our conversation naturally drifted drifted into political channels. A chance remark from Sir James very soon gave the opening I desired. As carefully as possible I led the conversation up to the subject of our relations with n certain foreign power. If 1 were a genuine politician," I re marked; "tlrat is to say, if 1 possessed the requisite ability to become one, I should be interested more than anything in foreign affairs. Diplomacy has-nlwnys been 11 very fascinating study to me, although, of course, I have bad no experience, nnd am ignorant even of its rudimentary principles. By the "way, I was interested in what I heard last week you can guess where — about a treaty with tlie power in question. There are some peculiar complications, are there not?" "There have been some very peculiar com plications aud some unusual difficulties," Sir .Tames remarked, smoking his cigar with evident relish, and gazing, with the ghost of a- smile still upon his lips, into the depths of Hie open despatch box by h is side. "Well,, it is a pity," I remarked. "The' advantages of the treaty to us are very obvi ous' just now. Is it permitted to ask you — unofficially— w-hctber the difficulties are in superable?" Sir James removed the cigar from his mouth. He leaned a little forward; I could see tlrat 3ic was about to become confiden tial. rv i The whole history of our negotiations will never become known," he said. "The fact;. is, a certain royal personage, whom I nced .not name to you, was very much op; posed indeed to the signing of the treaty. All along ive have had to contend with a strorigrari-tngoiiism from— after all, Ldo not see why I should conceal it from you— from the Queen," ' . - "The Queen," I repeated; "I did not know that' :,her Majesty was a . politician! One hears. of her chiefly as a European beauty, and a giver -of magnificent entertainments." "I can assure you that her Majesty , ij underrated," Sir James replied grimly. "She has had -her finger on the weak spot in the treaty from -the first. If the matter rested with her, it would have been -torn in two long ago. Her influence, as 'you may bo aware, is great, and while it remains so our relations are liable at any moment 'to be come strained. It is one of -those things which ave -have always had 'to- contend with, of which the public know nothing at all, and for which, of course, they make no allowance." "£'le public, nre hard taskmasters," I remarked.; "I often Wonder that ' they ' are so zealously and faithfully served. ; By the bye, Sir James, I noticed that you used the past tense. Is there any chance, do- you think, .of getting the treaty signed in the face of such opposition?'' There was a distinctly triumphant smile upon Sir James's thin, hard lips, as he glanced into the depths of the despatch box. It was standing at his elbow, and he: bad been carelessly playing with the lidi The perfume of violets, faint and sweet, seemed to bo filling the room. "The treaty will be signed within a few days now," he said quietly. "I do riot think that wc shall ever again have any trouble in tlrat quarter. Of course, you will understand tlrat I do' not wish this to go any further at present; but, speaking to you in confidence, I may say that means, have come into our hands which will put a summary end now and for ever to the opt position I spoke of. I canhot say more, even to you at present; but tlie.wholo affair will be public property before long." I leaned back in my elrair, and " nerved myself for what was to come. I had learried all that I needed to know. This was the climax. . "I trust not," I said slowly. Sir James let fall the lid of his despatch box with a bang, and 'looked up at me in amazement. "I beg your pardon," he said; "I think that I do riot quite understand." ,' ! -"I repeh't' lhat'I trust riot,"'l 'said. "Tlie: jnearis to which you allude" — I looked hard in the despatcli box— "are means of which no use must bo made!" Sir James drew a bunch of keys from his pocket, and calmly double-locked the de spatch box. Then lie rose to his feet, and (turned a frowning face upon nie. "I am completely at a loss to understand you, , Lord Lessinglram," lie said coldly. "Be so good as to explain yourself." "I am here to do so," I answered firmly. "I am here for no other purpose. The means to which you allude are these. You have : obtained possession of compromising letters,. written by a certain personage to my -brother, Reginald Lessinglram." : "To— your brother?" "Yes. You have probably overlooked the fact, Sir James, tlrat my family name is Lessinglram; arid it is my brother/Reginald Lessinglram, who is the senior attache at Marianbnrg." . "The-fact," Sir James remarked, "was un known' to me. I may .add that it is also a matter of indifference. If the young gentle man has-been imprudent, as be certainly appears to have been, he must accept the consequences." "He is perfectly willing to do so," I nn- swered. "At present that is riot the point. Those letters to which you have referred, nrado. publie, would be the ruin of any woman! even a queen. You propose tp make them public, and to ruin her! It. is very simple; You aro a patriot and a poli tician;' and you would rise one step highdr in tlie estimation of youg party upon the wreck of a woman's , honor." . There was a bright light in Sir James's grey eyes, a flush upon his cheeks. The lines upon his face liad'contracted and hard ened. Ho remained. cool, but he was. des perately angry. , "Continue; sir." "Diplomacy might sanction your use of these letters in sucli a case, Sir James,"- I proceeded, "if they had come into your hands ,by other means,". "You seem to be remarkably well in formed, Lord Lessinglram. .Can you tell me then exactly how I did receive them?" "I believe so," I replied. "They were either/sent you from Paris, or brought to you by a young man named Harris, a dis tant connection of your own, nnd one of the Embassy secretaries at Marianburg; Now I know you to be nn honest as well " as a shrewd politician, Sir James, and I am perfectly sure that you have been misled as to how these letters came into young Harris's possesion." i "He found— never mind, I' will hear what yop.have to say first, Lord Lessingharii."' ..TYou .are wise, Sir James. He. probably assured,. vou that he found them. He did not. His zeal in your service led him fur ther than that. He, .or an accomplice, clilo-' rbformed and gagged my brother's servant, and abstracted these letters from his private safe, opened with the Embassy keys. In other words,, he committed a gross and cri minal burglary. It is in your interests that I bring this information, Sir James. I think you. will admit that such methods are a little in front of the times; that they are, to say the least of it, not defensible." Sir Jnmes resumed liis seat. His hard, worn face was puckered up with thought. He was silent, for several moments. I could see that I was correct in my supposition.' Wlwt I had just revealed was news to him. - Harris's story had been a different one! "My nephew's conduct," he said, looking up at last"; "was indiscreet and exceedingly ill advised. If necessary he must answer for it. I cannot shield him, nor should 1 attempt to do so. - At the same time the violence that ivas offered was within the walls of' our own embassy. That is the crux of the matter. I admit that the means were deplorable, but the end which has been gained is great. I am sorry for your brother; Lord Lessinglram, on whose be half 1 suppose you are here; but in the face of the great national gain, the welfare of individuals must go to the wall. I shall hold to my course." "Think well, Sir James," I said. "I have many powerful friends, and however much 1 may blame my brother for his folly, I am with him in this to the end. I shall not let the matter drop. The story will' get -about. Our methods will be decried throughout the whole civilised world. You must admit tlrat the letters were stolen. With this knowledge, shall you dare to uso them?'? "I am ignorant of the fact that they were stolen," Sir James answered, coolly. "I have no cognisance of it. It is not necessary. Tlic letters are here. As an officer of tho State, I owe no one any as to how they reached mc. I have not investi gated, or discovered any theft. Sueli work belongs to the Secret Service Department. I hold the letters for my purpose, and you will pardon my adding that I have 110 more to say to you, Lord Lessinglram." Ho laid his hand upon the boll, but I checked him. "Then prepare yourself for a further shock, Sir James," I said. "Last night your nephew paid the penalty of his-over- zealousness. He was murdered b" an agent of the Secret Police at Marianburg at the Hotel Maurice." CHAPTER XIV. Sir James. had sunk back into his chair, pale to the lips. It was I now who was standing. I took the newspaper from the library table and showed it to him. "There is a full account of the affair, Sir James," I said. "I am very sorry to shock you, but you left me no alternative." He took the paper from my hand with trembling fingers. Suddenly a little ex clamation broke' from his lips. 7. "The name is Shalders," he exclaimed. "My nephew's name is Harris. This has nothing to do with him." "It Iras everything . to do with him," 1 answered gravely. "Shnlders is the name of my brother's valet, who was chloroformed and maltreated at the Embassy. Your ne phew took his name, nnd even dressed to resemble him, when lie left Marianburg. When I read that paragraph I know at once who tho unfortunate man was. My brother went to the Charing Cross Hospital this morning and identified liim. There is no room for any doubt in the matter." 'It was — ?" "It wns your nephew, Leonard'' Harris, Sir James. I-Ie took the name of Shalders when he left for England, and lie intended to keep liis visit here a profound secret from everyone in Marianburg. He had laid liis plans well. He had a fortnight's leave of absence from his chief, and he was sup- nosed to be in the country on a shooting expedition. - Unfortunately for liim, lie was matched , against a secret service -which is perhaps the finest in the world! He was doomed from the moment he left Marian-, burg!" Sir James rose to 'his feet. Ho lrad re gained his composure, but he was evidently shaken. I made a final effort. ; "You have those letters," I said. "Good! Now ask yourself what they have cost you! First- of all a burglary with violence; then a life— the life of- .your own nephew. If they had been secretly stolen, and the thief wits unknown, I'admlt that you might have Used thbm safely. As it is, I warn you' that to use thorn is to. terminate, once and for ever, your career as a politician. We do not live in the days of Richelieu, or Mazarin. Such methods as have been: used in this matter will never bo tolerated in this country, or by international opinion." "It is. impossible to . connect mfe in any way with my nephew's blundering," he an swered. "I wits not the instigator, or the abettor. - AH I know is, tlrat these letters were placed in my hands, and it is my duty to use them for the benefit of my country. Of their history, I am completely ignorant. I shall certainly not give them up." "Very well, Sir James," I declared, "your, refusal leaves 'lie but one 'alternative. ; I have an audience with the Premier, at 47 o'clock. It is now within a few minutes of that hour. I shall go to liim, tell him all I know, and get him to wire orders that the seals which I have already, lrad placed! on your nephew's belongings are not disturbed until 'a -special envoy- lias been through his correspondence. You- may not have been liis instigator. That-'is to be proved. In any case, Sir James, .your resignation will be: demanded within- th'e next twenty-four 'lio'tira."''""'-" w " 7-51, Sir Jnmes walked to the window, rind came back again, Slowly he drew from his pocket a bunch, of .keys,; and unlocked the despatch box.:. With the little packet in his hand ho lingered even now, as though lotll to part wit it. Then, with a slight bow, he handed it to me. across the table, and the perfume of crushed violets had nevei seemed to me so sweet before. "You are quite right, Lord Lessingham," he sriid drily. "My position is untenable. Present those letters to your .brother, with my most profound apologies for the manner: in which they; came into my hands. You can understand the reluctance with which I part with them; but I would like to assure you of this, I simply advised my poor nephew, from time to time tlrat any means of. weakening the Queen's influence' Would be grateful to me,, and 'would; tend to liis own advancement. Such means as - he adopted were utterly unsanctioned by me. .The limit of my instigation J' -have told you. In justice to riiyself, I desire ,to make it clear. Permit me to ring for your car riage." .I'!-: ;Ou:eave takings were not cordial. Sir James remained standing upon . his hearth rug in grim silence, witli ihe empty de spatch box before him. I drove swiftly homewards, and -hastened into the library. Reggie was sitting there waiting for me, and, when I held out the box to him, he gave' a great cry,' and toro it . open with pas- .sionate haste.. . . "They are all there?" I asked. "Every one," he sobbed. ' ('Every one ! Thank God." " 'I left him .watching, a smouldering mass of ashes, fearful lest even a single line which could ever he deciphered- should - remain. Then I went to iler. She rose to meet me, and! her face, too, was drawn with- emotion. . "Your 'Majesty," I said, bowing- low. "You have but half 'an hour to catch the boat train." ' She drew a long breath. There was a look in her, face -which -I have' never for gotten, but which I have never understood. Only it 'seemed to me rather -the look of the woman who bows her head once more to Step back into the stone cell' of a nunnery, after a little- wanderirig in the rose gardens of life. - "You have succeeded?" she asked in a low tone. " "Your Majesty," I answered, "has no longer any cause for uneasiness. The letters by' this time are ashes." 7 She took my hands in hers, and held them tightly. "My Lord Lessingham," she said sweetly, may every woman in distress 'find a cava lier qo generous and so wise as yourself I felt a burning spot upon my -hands, the delicate perfume of a woman's hair brushed against my cheek, tlie rustling of n silken gown swept tlie floor. I heard the door close, and I knew that she was gone. \- # » A week later Reggie tossed me an evening paper. I glanced nt the paragraph to which he pointed.- "The Opera House rit Mariaburg was on Monday night one of jhe most magnificent spectacles bf the season. - The royal box ivas'' occupied by the king and queen and a brilliant suite. Her majesty who wore black velvet and diamonds, has never ap peared more beautiful, and was certainly the most distinguished looking woman in the house. Amongst others who were pre sent we noticed, &c.;, &e.;" "I wonder," Reggie said, "if she knows how much she owes you ?" I lit a cigarette and looked thoughtfully through, the wreath of blue smoke "I wonder if she does," I answered, thoughtfully. 