BOB BUZZARD IN AFRICA. His Shipwreck and Adventures. Edited and Revised by His Nephew, Benjamin Banting. : (I, Beqiamin finntini;, so christericd in 18QO, do hereby declare that J am fully authorised. by iriy late uncle, Mr. Uobert Klisraartl, deceased, to revise, correct, and publish : these authentic accounts- of bis Adventures on the Oarh €o»!iiicn(, and to furnish any explanations: necessary: to adapt the same to: the minds of modern readers; and for the bcuetit of the public, which I readily will do to the best of my ability.) CHAPTER VIII. The.proposal of Senhor Guilherme to accompany me to Katanga seemed most advantageous to me, for I could never have felt any security in travelling with Pedro and :Baptista,: and in Senhor: Guilherme, I recognised one who not only-was thoroughly-experienced in travelling, but "who would also be a pleasant and agreeable companion on.-ihe march. We returned together to Kambola, and lie took up his quarters with me, and sent up a message to King Kongo that he would call on him in the morning. Among my new companion's servants was one who was a very decent .cook, and from the plentiful supplies which were furnished to us he soon contrived a comfortable meal, which-was much more appetising than the messes : which, with all his good-willj Bill-had been providing me, and the food we washed down; with some good coffee. After this mealwe had a long conversation and Guilherme in the course' of it told me that the journey up to Katanga , would be a very long and difficult one, Jjut that, as he intended to take none but good men, he would assist.me in selecting those I was to choose -from thej.slayes ;-:of 'Senhor. Ferreira. At last, well pleased .with i -^thexKance^w^icb^af^hfowV'amvaiK'' the way of this new acquaintance, I went to bed and slept . soundly until MCPl bU r in the r Z morning Z I 1 was aroused U 'Tl by " the T sound of the big<Jrums. I found Guilherme already on foot and inquiring what might be meant by the drums being beaten, and we ,nnn soon found fnnnri that th™ tbey , ^ were answering «..,ina others which were announcing the return of Munyi Hombo from his search after the man I had shot/ and the people said that he had not only found the-;dead man, but also had two prisoners. I asked how-they could possibly tell this, and they said that the drums told them:, and Guilherme said that the people were able to talk on their drums.about all sorts of things, and .that as- each village was bound to repeat the signals, news was carried to great distances very quickly and accurately. - -GuilhermCnowsaidhe wasgoing to see Kongo, who was an old friend of his and -his" father, and as it -was always a good thing to be friends with these chiefs,, he.was going to make him 'a present! .and he thought I should do so loo. • • • ' How on earth can I make a present?',I asked. .'I have only the clothes I stand up in !' 1 1 know that,'answered Guilherme. 1 But J have,a lot of things here which I-brought on purpose, and we can divide them.' • He called ,io some of-his :men, and: they brought a couple of boxes into our hut, and, unpacking them,showed me a quantity of hawks' bells, large beads and bangles of copper and iron, ;and two old uniform coats. To these he said, as Kongo had taken up the matter of the Humbi people in a friendly sort of way, he would add a • couple of muskets, four pounds of gunpowder, and a dozen gun- flints, whichj.as.it was very rare that they gave any guns to the natives, would be counted as a most valuable present. We had scarcely finished arranging pur presents when messengers came \- to; tell us that King Kongo was ready to receive us, and we were conducted up to the top of the hill, if possible . • with even . more ceremony and precaution than the day before. When . Kongo appeared, he, instead of atonce sitting down in his chair, came and shook .hands with Guilherm'e;and was going then to^ake his seat without noticing me, but Guilherme said something tojum^when he also shook hands with me, and then sat down and lighted his pipe, .while Guilherme's servants—for to-day this fell on him— handed liquor round, and when drinking was finished the presents were spread out. Old Kongo's eyes glistened as he: saw the beads, bells, . and bangles, and his wives and women .; gigled with delight. The two coats, were also much admired, but when' the two muskets were brought out a regular, chorus of approval burst forth, . and Kongo so far forgot - his kingly I ^#ignity as to express his delight at' * receiving such a valuable present, and they were at once handed over to two of his wives, to be stored away in his own particular hut. As soon as the business of the presents was concluded, Kongo told us that Munyi : Horn bo : would, arrive when the sun was right overhead, and that he bad heard by his drums that the parly sent against Humbi had met a party of my caravan, and: that they would arrive the next morning. We again went into the clump of trees with him, and visited the point from which Kongo used to look out, and, pointing in the direction of Munyi Hoinbo's village, he said he could see him and his people coming. 1 strained my eyes to their utmost, but was forced to confess 1 could see nothing, though Kongo not only said he saw the party, hut also could count the number of men it was composed of. ; Guilherme and I now returned to our huts, and I was much interested in all he told me about his journeys, though necessarily my stock of Portuguese being limited to what I had picked up since my arrival at Ben guella, I could not understand all that he said, though, as I had had no one to speak English to; I hkd made much more progress in .speaking .the language thari-l^-thewiseshpuld; As Kongo had told -us, at noon Munyi Hombo arrived, and old Kongo „!.„.,, ... had ••••.'•v. been -,.:>-..•• actually correct •••..-. f mell ln hls ahoul. the number ° P*"* though when he told us how many they were they must have been at ttljQ ™? eS J W % % They had not only found the man I had shot, and brought his head with them, but had also captured bis two companions. It seemed that the one I - had wounded suspected that - his companion was going to leave him to. his fate, and, taking advantage of his: looking another way, had knocked him over with his club, and. that , the two had then had such a struggle that they , were both disabled, and were fouud lying on the-ground about half a mile-from the corpse of. their companion. :: They had not received .over- tender handling from Munyi Hombo and his .men, .and were now in a most wretched condition. A message came from Kongo immediately after their arrival that Hombo and his men were to take their prisoners up .to him, as- well as an invitation to Guilherme and me to : come up and see justice administered. .Guilherme told me that we had better make an excuse, as (he unfortunate wretches were certain to be cruelly .tortured and ultimately put to death, and that as he was certain we could do no good, neither of us would find pleasure or profit in the sight. I fully agreed with him, and proposed that to pass away the time we should) go for a. stroll towards a remarkably fine clump pf trees rabout a mil^away from; the.village, and which, having all the surrounding trees and undergrowth cleared away* stood out clearly on the plain. Guilherme said he would come, and followed by his servant and Bill carrying our guns, we started off towards it. We had not got half way before some people came running after us, and • wan ted - to know why we were-going in that, direction, r Guilherrae told them that we had been attracted by the size and beauty of the trees, and were only going to have a look at them, and if," AS it was probable, we found any pigeons there we should try and shoot some. "On hearing that we intended to shoot there was a great hullabaloo, ^nd we found that the grove was a was permitted-to enter it without the permission of either Kongo or the letKhmen who was the guardian of it. Well, said Guilherme, »I think it will be worth seeing," but we -shall have to pay something to ihis fetishman. Shall we go on?' I could not help feeling anxious yet I said that I should'like to go and see the place, so Guilherme asked whether the guardian of the grovewas there or in the village, and was told that he was never permitted to quit the- immediate neighbourhood"-ofiliis; charge,,;but that his granting leave to -.11-..-: any one to enter , 1 the erove was not :.•-",•• at alt to be counted iipon. As we.got. nearer to the trees we found a broad path cleared, and that for two hundred yards round the trees there was not a blade of grass allowed to grow, and that the trees themselves were surrounded by a strong palisade. At the entrance to this were three or four huts, with whitewashed: walls, on which were depicted in red and black, rude figures of men and beasts. In. these huts the fetishman and his family lived, and we found him sitting on a stool outside one, smoking his pipe. . Qn our asking permission to go inside, he at first said that it was quite, impossible to give leave for any one to go in,, but he soon began to be more yielding .when Guilherme promised him a liberal present, for though be must have been of an immense age he.was still quite alive to present profit. Galling for some of his attendants, the-old man, who was bent nearly double, and the scanty remains of whose wool would have been white if it -had not been for the dirt with which it was encrusted, ordered the entrance to be unbarred. Inside we found seven great mounds, which were the tombs of Kongo's predecessors, all of whom, our guide said, had been buried there either in his own time or that of his father. ; Besides these were many graves of various sizes; which, like the larger ones, all were made in an east-and-west direction. At the head of each grave was a hut with open sides, and disposed underneath them were pots of beer and provisions cooked and uncooked, and in some cases rolls of cloth and strings of beads, whilst round the eaves were hung human skulls, and on posts planted around were the horns of buffaloes, antelopes, and the jaws of hyenas, panthers, and other wild beasts, but to the royal graves was reserved the great honour of being surrounded by - human skeletons secured to stakes in an upright position, while in the huts at the head of their graves provisions, cloth, etc., were provided in profusion. I asked why the graves were of different sizes, and- the old ghoul who was taking- us round, showed his toothless gums in a ghastly grin, and said,' Why a great chief like Kongo when he dies must be accompanied into the next world by wives and slaves to attend on him, and warriors to defend him,' and that when Kongo's father died over two hundred had been sent, to accompany him to the spirit world, and that the other members of t.he family had varying numbers killed and buried with them, so as to afford, an escort in concordance with their dignity. In the trees were roosting vultures and turkey-buzzards, either too tame or too lazy to pay any attention to us, and these fed upon the offal of the goats and other things which-we were told-were sacrificed every day to provide provision for the royal ghosts, in J jjecen tre of-Xhe.wliole place. was a large hut where were stored the death-drums, which are only beaten at the death of a chief, and axes and knives which were also used on those occasions in the dispatch ot victims- •- Whilst we were looking at these evidences of a barbarous belief we heard the drums up in King Kongo's eyrie beating, and thinking that this might betoken-some news, we left the royal cemetery and hastened towards Kambola. When we got near - we were astonished to see a number " of people near the precipitous part whence .King .Kpngo had shown us how his peopleanswered to the'signals on the warrdrunvand watching closely to see what they could be: doing we saw two people pushed over the precipice on lo the rocks beneath," while all the time the drums were beaten in a dull monotonous manner. When we arrived at our huts we were informed that Kongo had sat in judgment on , the two sham demons whom. Munyi Hombo had brought iny and after-having extorted a confession from them that they and the chiefs of Humbi had practised magic against him and robbed his. people, Kongo had ordered them to be thrown over the rocks. Munyi Hombo, who told us this, seemed quite delighted that he had captured the two, because he had therefore been selected to conduct the execution, and described how they struggled whilst tbey were being bound, and how they, screamed and begged for mercy as they were dragged , to the brink of the precipice. .Guilherme said he. was afraid'now that Kongo had tasted blood he would be like a wild beast, and would not quiet, down till he had satisfied his lust for slaughter, and said that we would .liave to be;very careful not to give him anyxhanee ofoffence, or wo»might have to pay dearly to save our lives. I said to Guilherme that he would surely not dare to harm hiin, especially as he had an escort - of slaves armed with guns, but that if there were likely to be any difficulty we should do our best to leave the place at once. - • -: ~ ' Unfortunately, Senhor Roberto,' he said, "' we cannot-here depend on the slaves, .as they, have seen Kongo's power, and believe him to be a big fetishman,. and if we leave now we shall lose- all-the goods in Senhor Ferreira ? s caravan, and your ^friends Pedro and Baptista will be sure to be put:to death along-'with the Humbi wizards; I am certain you do not wish-that, so we -must wait- quietly until the men sent out to, bring them in return.' To BE CONTINUED. 