J! fHE CftRISTMAS I MOONLICHT, j OOJtriBTB STOSfT\ I ' BT ' IZA DUFFUS HARDY, A...1 .. .»f 44 T Romance of tho Rear C.c. » £/»1- IT ry EoWi i ' oorfniairr J ii I1' ' HO Would oror think & ' Christina Ever said Holoo DaU rymj)lc, Hwayi n g with Snl- tanosquo 1 auguo r and luxury rahorrook- "ing obnir unthosouth > i a z z u, ooking nt tho oruiuro trees bend ing boneath tbeir Lunben of ruddy-ripo golden frait, the Joll slim pinos, the grucoful "yollow pines" of tho south, thoir feathery erowns of foliago traocd in delicato pencilling ogainst the burotog.ozuro of a sky almost too vivid in its light and colour. It was only the hour after early breakfast, yet the sun beams already poured in a broad level blaze on the piazza, and danced in a dnzzle of dia monds on the leko, that was as pure a blue a ' the shining sky. it was as fair a scone as tho oyo could desire, yet Helen spoke with a sort of In voluntary sigh. "Who would over think it woo Christmas Evof" ".Isn't it lovely f" said hor sister Mary, with smiling content. Sweat Mury Weston, happily married and settled in this fair Florida home, had ceased to sigh for hor nutivo lund. " Yes, it's lovely, if only'ono didn't see so tnuohof it! But what I should like to see now would be frost and snow or even a good thiok yellow London fog I" "I'm afraid even John could not oblige you with thut here, though I think ho 1b not very far behind tho French king (which one was it P) who had the ground covered with salt when tho lady of his heart conceived n pcrvorso desire to go sleighing inaummor." " John spoils roe, and I'm ufraid ho's not the only one that does," rejoined Helen, sinil- ug And strctchiug out her bund to hor sister. " I don't think we've spoilt you, Nell ! " said Mury Weston, patting tho pretty hand. " But I think John would, if ho could." "Ho is .very good," tho younger Bister said, less lightly. " Hois I" Mrs. Weaton agreed emphati cally. " And you are vory fond of him. aren't you P " with a touch of anxiety which she did not intend to botray, but wbkli was plain as the sun in tbe heaven to Helen's quick perception. " Yes, I am," sho answered sincorely ; " I should be very ungrateful if I wasn't f But . I do wish ho would tako mo homo for a 'honoytfaoon trip!" she added, with only half-playful potulanco, "Everybody goes to England on their bridal trip." "Not overybody, dour." " Well, ovurybody who con afford it, r.nd Joliu enn afford anything he likes !" " But, you sco, it is John's business keeps him here. " Oh, yes, I know. -I dure say it seems just a perverse fancy of mine, liko longing for a sleigh rido in summer, for snow in this eunuv south." "I'm ufraid, dear Noll, you get a little homesick sometimes." . "Do I, Mary?" with a curious smile. 44 You think bo?" "I um afraid so. sometimes, dear. But you'll settle down all happily and comfortably ' when once you oro mnmed and in your own home.'! . 44 Yours has been borne to me, Mary 1" 44 And you havo helped to mako it a real homo' to mo. I might havo felt n little strungo Uiid far-away oven with Fred, if it bud not been for you. And now I must go and help Ghloe make tlio cukes." " Aud I'll come and do tho minnepies," said Holon cheerfully. "No, no, Neil; I won't havo you getting tired and flushed over the stove ; John will be coming soon." Poor, dear Mary 1 " said Helen to hor- self, as her sister hnsfoned away on household cares intent. " Sho only thinks I am homo- eiok. If sho only knew how tired I am of oranges andpinotrecs ! And sho's so anxious, poor deur, to bo assured that I am really fond of John ! Dear, good John 1 the only thing I'm afraid of is that ho is too good for me ! But I shall bo ablo to make hjra hupny, I think. Anyhow, I'll do my best. And I'm suro I shall be happy with him, us happy an any womuncau oxpect to be, after the first dreum is over !" oho sighed as her thoughts went back to that " first dream." "Walter," sho murmured. " Poor Walter I If he had lived !" Visions of another Christmas rose before her. Walter was holping her to put up tho holly. They two were lingering over their giod-uight in the hall. Ho was folding a wrap round her as alnf went out into tho chill of the white wintry utght with him to look at tho snow glitterlug in the moonlight. Oh, for that "white Christmas" of four years ago ! " My poor boy ! My poor boy !" Helen said softly to herself. " To think that tho cold, cruel sea, the deep, dreadful sea, rolls over his head 1 and that no one, no one, will over, ever know the truth!" She shuddered and clasped her liands, and the bright colours of tho sunny landscape grew dim to her eyes. But when John Armstrong, her stalwart lovor, came, tho emilo was ready to greet him on her lips. She was very fond of Juhu, and the past was past ; the present, though it did seem a llttlo dull sometimes, a little pale aud tome beside that poor dead past, oud yet full of hope ; thanks to John! Sheltered by his love, surely sho would be safe from the sung of moinory, even from tho insidious gnawing of homesickness. He was so strong, ltgavo her a satisfying sense of pro tection ana safety to be with Trim. Ho had . the muscles of a gladiator, and yet, with all his rough, uncultivated ways, the gentleness of a woman. Helen loved tbe mingling of half rough force and roverent tenderness ahouthim, and often assured horself that sho really loved hira vory much, though sho was not very lavish of protestations or caresses — Which indeed wero not muoh in Helen Dal- lymple's way. 'John was English, ' too. Perhaps, If he had not been her compatriot, he might have foand his Helen harder to win. There were maby English settled in this partof Florida, but few as fortunate as John Armstrong. Everything bo touobed secmod to prosper, mod now in winning Helen's troth he had ' won his crowning fortune— his heart's desire. . His. sun-bronzed and somewhat rugged- featured face was beaming, as he drew bis chair oa close as it could bo drawn .to hers, and took possession of her hand and felt tho slender fingers rest in his big palm as if it were their homo. "Do you know, darling, this Is tho hap piest Christmas I've ovor bud P " ho said. "Slnco you wore a boyl" she rejoined, laughingly. ".Bat you don't know anything about mo when I was a boy? " ho demurred, smiling that you were very muoh like other boys I You were happy when to stuff . yourself with mlueepies and plum nodding, and pull crackers and play snap dragon, waa your highest ideal of happiness 1 Ana you were happy when you kissed tho / (ru)Vor TtJf so hitppy as now that I kiss my girl without too mistletoe 1 My own girl! No, darllug, thoro's not a soul in sight! Ypu aro my own girl, aren't you? Helen, darling, what would you liko tado to keep our Christmus to- morrow? Shall wo havo a drivo in tho'ovonlhg and a piotilc supper In the woods by moonlight ?" ' A moonlight pioulo on Christmas night 1 Oh, John, whoro is your sense of tho fitting P" John looked puzzled. "I want to ao'auy thing that, would pleaso you, dearest. What would ploaso you P! ' " Oh, I don't know. Parhaps a good old- fashioned English frost, or a London fog, or a elelgh-rido!" recalling her conversation with hor sister. "Nothing loan give youP" ho said, with a shado of disappointment " John, dear, you'ro too good 1" sho said, with a sudden gush of tendornoss. " I don't doservo that you should get mo anythiug ! Mury said to mo just now that sho thought I was a llttlo homo sick — and I suppaso that's just what I aro ! Ob, John, couldn't we go home in springon a llttlo honeymoon tripP" "I'm afraid not, durling; perhaps sorao time,- but not now. Holon, can't you bo buppy hero P. You know I'll do all I can." "Indeed I do know it, you are tho host and dearest of old Johns 1" bIio unswered, muro lightly, with her swoctcst smile. " Helen, " ho said, .after a thoughtful pause, in whioh his ' genial faoo had grown grave, " do you know that I feel sad some times, fearing that the lifohoro won't content youf-that you'll bo thinking of England »n 'homo!' And I wonder sometimes whether it isn't boouuso it was in England that — that you romombor you told mo, darling, bios your truthful transparent soul, that wouldn't keep any soorct from mo, my swoothcurt I that there was— somo ono you— liked there- some ono who is dead." " Need we talk of him P" 8uid Holon more ooldly. "No, iio, darling, not if it hurts you! But it hurts mo to think Hint thoro's a pain in that memory still I I'd like to take all puin, all trouble, from you, oven any pain of the past ! - I'd draw tho sting from your memory If I could ?" " No moiuory can sting mo very sharply whilo I havo you, John," She answored with au impulse of solf-ropronohful, half remorse ful tenderness. " And I won't givo way to homo sickness any more if it gives you tbe least bit of pain 1 Don't troublo yourself. John, about tho ghoat of yesterday 1 To- norruw la yours !" 44 And to-dayP" ho urged. "Ib to-day— lividod P Or is it all raino P " " I think it looks as if it were all yours," she said, softly, ashokissodhor. "Let yester day rest, John, rest with tho last year's nows in England ! And lot lis go and piok oranges to-day f And thoro aro some guava still. I should liko some for lunch. Wc never see them . at homo except in jolly, do we ? After all, there are some good things in tho ounny south ! " sbo added, with a Itipso into hor old, light, laughing touo. " Tbore are guavna, and gnipo-fruit, and you ! " Johu Armstrong went away happy. Ouo thing only now troubled him, he eould not mako up his mind what to givo Holon for u Christmas present. Blundering fellow that ho was ! ho rcproaohed himself, not to bave tbought over it boforo. Ho went to the best jeweller's in Giralda, tho nearest largo town, where, having but little time to spare, and being uuablo to make up bis mind in haste on the spot, he ordered a selection of choice triukots to bo sent to his rooms, for Ids leisurely inspection. Every ono in Giralda know John Armstrong, ana there was no diftiaulty made about entrastiog tho jewels to his care. He was looking in anxious cogitation from the contents of ono velvet-lined caao to unother, as tlioy wore sot out boforo him ou tbo table, when there was a tap at tho door, and tho negro "boll-boy" announced, " Mr. Lawrence, Rah, wants to know of he kin sco you." "Why, certainly. Show Mr. Lawrcuoo up. Come in, Lawrence, glad to sco you, and a merry Christmas to you, my donr fellow 1" " The same to youf I sco I needn't ask how you aro 1" Raid tho visitor, glanoing at John Armstrong's healthy brown face. "Oh, I'm all right— right as a trivet! And you? how have you boon? All right too, I hopo P Grovo flourishing f " "Yes, all going on well. I've coma up to Giralda on a littlo business, and you'ro the first person I've looked un." " That's right, that's all right !" said Arm strong, heartily, " I'vo been thinkiug of run ning down to Tumpa, and then I'd havo been the ono to look you up, but I've had my hands full lately ; it's boon a buy time, though it's not boon all business ! You'vo just como in tbo' niok of timo how, to give mo your help and advice. I was just muddling my brain over these things." jerking his bead towards the display on tho table. " Which do you think's tho — tbo b >at of tho lot ? The — tbo most likely to— suit a lady ?" Armstrong was stammering aud the colour rose in his bronzed check. "A lady? Ah!" said Lawreuco, with u amilo. ' Pleasure as well as business been keeping you about here. I teef" " Yes, you see, well, the foot is, I'm going to be married." " Heartiest congrntxUatioaA, old fellow 1 The young lady's luoky— that I know 1 and so aro you, I hopo I " " I just am !" said Annstrongemphatically. " Wait till you sco her ! " " When sbo will bo wearing ono of there, I expect!" suggested Lawrence. He was a younger man than Armstroog, fairer and of slighter build, with a tawny board, honest, kindly bine eyes, a pleasant, though rather ->td, smile, and a goucrally rather grave, thoughtful expression. Ho was sympatheti c-ally willing to help tbo perplexed lover in his ohoioe of a gift, whioh was fortunate, as poor John had not muoh taste, and was sorely bewildered inhia contemplation of the " em- hurras de riohesses" that lay before him. "Now tbis — this ia something out of the common, ehP" ho suggested, bat hosttat- iugly, us deferring to Lawrence's bettor judgment, pointing to a nooklaco of alligator's teeth lavisulv sot in gold. '"Or thisnow?" indicating a heart- shaped ornament almost big onough to wear as a shield, and adorned with a true lovor'sknot studded with jewels of all tho colours of the rainbow. " Do you think alligators' teeth quite a pretty thing to olasp round a girl's throat?" Lawrence demurred. "Ana isn't this a trillo— just a trifle showy ? " John's ouuntenance fell. "Sho likes everything dainty and deli cate, " bo said. - 41 How about tliisP" said Lawrence, taking up a simple but oostly necklet of a single- string ot exquisitely matched pearls. It was Armstrong's turn to demur. " Don't pearls moan tears?" be rejoined. "AhP You woaldu't risk giving her those P" said the younger man, with a smile that ended in u short, quiokly-stiflcd breath like a sigh. "No, I wouldn't," said Armstrong, notio- inft bis frier ' 'ook with an instinct of fellow-feeliuf You wouldn't either, would you, L ae, if you were choosing — something for nomobody P" "No, IsuopoHoI should bo superstitious, too. But there's nobody— now f and I've had all the superstition and fancy and romunoo pretty well knocked out of mo." "There's nobody now," Armstrong re peated his words. "There," he added, delicately and hewtatingly, " there was some body once, then ?" "Onco!" Lawroaco cohoed, looking down at tho pearl ucokloco. When the choico was finally made of a slender gold bracelet with a four-leaved shamrock iu diamonds ("All women like diamonds," tbo two men hud agreed), tho comrades sat dowu with a plpo and glass, and then Armstroog referred, in bis fraokly sympathetic, if blundering way to Lawrenoo's late admission. "I'm afraid 'my — my asking you about that," nodding towards tho braoofot, "recalls things to you 1 " "Thoy haven't got far to bo recalled they lie near jhe surface," the younger tnnu replied, gloomily. "There was somobody, and It — it— didn't come to anything P " Armstrong ventured, his heart softened by bis own huppinosi, his sympathy too sincoro to be iuU-urive. Lawrence paused a. muiuont, ihtm mmi, i abruptly: 11 Sho thinks I'm dead, at least I bops oTid j dooa. She's fur away— I shull never sea her : again. But somobow Christmas alwiiy makes mo think of old days." Armstrong nodded In nilont oomprchonslon Lawrouoo paused n moment, then added whit almost harsh abruptness : . "Look horo, Armstrong, I've often though! oj telling you. I wad very near it more .than once, when you wore tmoh'fe good obum to mo ' at Ooala. The fact k I— IJoft-Euglaud under a oloud! My, very numo — well, it'- my own, for I was ohristonod Lawreuco iu my second name, but it's.not my trn-t sur name. There iaro otliors of us hero who brivc como out" of the way, hm I did, but riot nuiiiy sbadowod by a cloud as black as mino." "What was it,.tny boyP" asked John Armstrong, fratornully. "Oh, I've hotrboltod from tha--law," Lawrouoo enid qulokly, "I stand clour of that, I think; But it's tho suspiuiou, . of which I feel I-shull never bo elear.'' - " She suspeotcd — bellove<l ill of you P" "God bless hor — no. She declared she bud faith In mo. Bubo one olse bad. Icuuhln't ask hor to marry mo undor a cloud, to tako my naroo with tho stain on it. I cauto abroad t> live it down, and the ship iu which I'd tuknu my passage was wrecked— you remcrnbor the disastor of tho ColumblaP I was supposed to havo been on board ; toy immo was in tti list of lost. But nt tbo last miiiuto an aeoident bad prevented my sailing. No one know at homo that I bad not sailed. They all -boliovn that I went down with tho Golumba and tho rest of her unlucky pus- ecogors and crow." "Aud slio bolioves it, tooP" "Sho must, what elso can she think P It is bettor so. I dcoidod not to write and tell her I was safe." " Sho may bu grieving— aoumlug for ou, " suggested Armstrong. " For a time— yon. But it is lyflt as It la — for hor. Sho is young ; the thought of mc and my -trouble would bo a more lusting cloud on hor bright girlhood than tho thought of my death. I would never havo married Iter unless I eould give hor a stainless numo. Slit- will bo happier, not knowing. Sho believed mo innocont — that is my comfort. Let her bdiovo mo dead, for hoi' own poaoo." "It's a sad state of things, mused Arm strong. "And what— what was tbo—" he hesitated for a timo— "tho troublo," he finished. "Thoy called it murdor— an ugly word, isn't it? But whatever It was, I had no band in it. If any man ki lod Philip Stretlon, it was not I!" "Philip Strottou I" John. Annolroug started. His back was to tbo light,, so Lawrence could not sco how his heulthy colour paled. 41 Yes, you remember tho case, I see P I own it did look black uguinst mo. He was my oousin, and I bin heir— though it would have been tho other way round, ho would havo boon my hoir, and I should huvo stood in his shoes, ii my grandfather had not made an unfair will. I had been imprudent— I was in a littlo difficulty— und I whs foolish enough to ask Philip for a loan, only an ad- anoo for three months. Ho said things that cut me. There was a soreness between u«, I own, but I would never have injured a hair of his heed. You remember, perhaps, how I was arrostod, remanded— ell tbe miserablo story P There was not evidence enough uguinst mo to sood tho csso for trial, but there was enough to mako j>eoplo believe mo guilty — to make rim feel a pariah and an outcast— to make me oast aside my father's name as a tarnished and unolenn thing — to drivo mc into exilo here, a a dead man, dead to bis own land and his own people." "It'sa Audbusiuoss," said Armstrong, his voioe strangely husky. "Ircmember hearing of U." A puuso; then ho addod : "But, Lawrence, I say, old chum; aren't you per haps a bit ovor-sensitive about people— tmspootiugyouP" " Ovor-sensitivo 1 Wbcu I've seen women turn aside to avoid recognising me— when the very children have started ut mo as if I were a wild beast I But there, talking of it can't mend mutters." Ho filled his glass hastily ; hlshand shook as ho raised it to his lips. John Armstrong's brimming gloss stood untouched by bis side. Auotber knock at tho door, and tbe ontrance of a scooiid visitor— this time a genial aud somewhat boisterous ono, to wish the compli ments of the season, interrupted tlio conver sation, rather to the relief of both Armstrong and Lawrence, und it wus muoh to the host's roliof whon both his visitors depurtod. Left alone at last, he stood by the window deep iu troubled thought, staring out across tho rough saady roud with oyos that could not SCO. 44 1 never dreamt of this," bu said to him self, bis lips framing the words without sound, as men who have lived munli alono often get tlio habit of coimauniug with them selves. "This comes of shirking, or trying to shirk. One can't -shirk u thin?— it will follow ono. If it were not for Helen, now. It's phiin enough— tbo thing to do. It stares rao iu the face. But Helvo, who trusts ino. I must think of her first. Yot thut boy. Ho's been wronged enough. He wouldn't marry his girl with a stained name. Cau I murry my girl with a stained con science? His girl iu Euglaud stuck to bitn. Maybe mine would .stick to mo.' Would she, though P It's an ugly story to tell hor. Still, if she's got grit enough to staud it? She doesn't look liko ouo Uiut would weaken nod wilt away from a mau because of some thing in his past— though it does look ruthor a black business. I'll sco. I'll sound bcr. God forgivo mo ! I'm a coward whore she's concerned. I see the right thing plnin enough. But I can't — I can't. No, sho's my all I I can risk tho. losing her !" Helen was euuntoriog in tho orange-grove in tlio moonlight alono. 8ho was glad to bo alooo, for somobow this Christmas Eve sbo was haunted by memories of that other Christmas with Walter four years ago I That past was dead and buried, but its ghost walked sometimes. Two lines of a poem she had onco heard recited kept running in hor head :— 44 Pray for tho one beloved, whorovor ho muy be, In the hush of the Christmas midnight bo will appear to thee !" " How still the night was 1 Grove ' and wood oud lake seemed to be sleeping In silence. The moonbeams bathed tho fair landscapo in u silver sea of light, yet left un- peaetratod tho dusky myafcoriea of shadow in the deeps of 44 the auric brewed trees." 8he thought of that 44 white winter " In Eugland, and tho ghost of the buried past walked in tho southern moonlight. Was anything olso stirring, tooP Was that a step P Did a shadow move P Could it bo Johu P But John nover cams that way through tho grovo. If it should be a tramp, and sbo so fur from tho houso P Tho moving shadow gathered shape and substanoo, stepped out from tho darkness of the bordering trees, and tbe mooulight fell full upon his face. Helen stopped with a start. Who— what— was it? The moonlight was well-nigh bright as day. The faoo, tbo figure that stood out dear in those pure umlozzHug beams, the very gesture with which the mau paused at sight of her, all had lieon familiar to hor ouoo I Was ita ghostP Were the lines that hud boon ringing in her mind prophetio P 44 In tho hush of tho Chriatmaa midnight he ' will appear to thee." Ho, too, hod paused at sight of tho girl's slim white-robod figure: he aturtod us one thundor stricken us bu lookod upon her fuce, palo and pure in the colourless blaze of tho Bomi-tropicol moonlight, for while she stared, dumb with doubt aud amusement, on tho doad alive, he looked ou tbo living, lost to bhn, whom he bad deemed five tbousaud miles away! Ho was tbe first to fiud Ida voice. 41 Helen, HoleuP You— here!" Ho stretohod out his baud; it was warm with life as it touched hers, strong with living human strength as it olaspod hor cold uud trembling fingers. 44 Walter, Walter I Are you alive ? I thought— I hoard— yli, wo have ull niuurued you at dqad.'1.. j . x ..Jwim AfcimViuug, otruriug tho.' .bhoswu < bracch t that was to be his Christmas gift; ! was on his way to see bin' bfloved. but riot with -tho quick, assured" stepj Of tuo happy; j lover. Ho lagged and took tlid'tdngeflt way! ; lie might have said, if ho had boon given to < quoting Bluikospeare, " Ob,' full of scorpions ) is my mind." They bit and stuog, those v >makes aud tempted to silenoe, prompted biro - with subtle sophistries 44 for Helen ssoko." Wus nob his first duty to spare her pain P . Yet he know that if Ko yioldod to tho toinpta- ilorn- ho should, feel him«el( to tho last day of ; his life u'deHpicniblo'wniior. For till this day ! he hud not' realised what he had dono, buf J iiuw, If ho kept.silehohMtill, ho would he sin ning with hi eyhS oiHtn. . . Btill ooutd he dure 'liiiflt Hcleir with tho truth, ut the risk pf seoijig her shrink from him. turii oold toKliH, ''perhaps tako horself out of his )ifo,:-:,'.0ntl»6- other hand, it was t p.)Kiblu that sho' might not fail him ! She might provo'bortelf bravo and loyal. in the oruelal hour. Ho felt ho did not know Helen thoroughly. Sho was n swoet roao, 4 4 sot with little, wilful thorns." Ho oould not tell - how "far her pretty, littlo waywardness and girlish caprices were more ripples on tho surfuuc, what dopthR of love aha faith and oouriigeridghtnpt.lioin tho depths hnoatb. While she sauntered on slowly, deep in thought, hU footCull'soiindlcsa on Hie loose, j iindy soil, ho heard a voice on tho other; side of tho. slender : fringe of trees that: bordered the grovo. Not Holon's voice,, hp hud never heard that tono In !t< Ahdyet| it wa» like hers— that vuloo with the tender rhrill, the throb and pulse of living passion, of whioh ho 'had never known It capablo. > ".Walter— Walter nftor all these years 1" 44 My darling, my darliugl" murmured the man's vnico, shaken and husky, but Lawrenoo's volco. John Armstroog riiodo. a noiseless step forward, looked out of tho shadow which- concealed him from their viow, and saw Helen, his bride--eleot, nlingiug . to frfiwrenoc, his 'arm1 round ber, her' faoo uplifted in tho moonlight to his.| For tho momont thoy' had forgotten all tho world but ouch-othor. Sbo bad forgotten John, and bo tho stain upon hU name, the odpno of bis exllo. Sho was first to remember; tho burrior. ... i 44 Oh, Wultor, no— no! Let mo go 1 I> must tell you— I am not frco I" , 44 Is it you, thon— you who woro engaged; to Armstrong P" ; 14 Yes. He is tbo best and truest of men," with a sob in bor voioe. 44 Woltor, now that we have met, it can only bo to part." 'John Armstrong heard no more. Had he not been standing there as if Rtrioken to stone, ? paralysed, bo would not havo heard so muoh.; Ho turned with a groping, staggering ges-, ture, liko a man reoling, blinded, benoath a ntunning blow, yet careful that no sound of his going' should startle thetn as he went, and loft them thoro together. The moonlight- flooded landscapo was black to him ; ho seemed co bo groping his way through great dark ness, his faoo set from the houso towards which his stops had been bent. How could be faoo Helen now ?, ( It was Helon whom ho had wronged ; it was' Helen whom ho had robbed of bor love, albeit all unwittingly. Ho had thought of Lawrence's unnamed. loVo as far off, in tho old country. But there was no far-away girl In England— It was Helen, hero I For her dear sake he hod thought of keep ing tho rilenco that would have sealed tho lontonco of exilo from homo aud love on Lawrence— and Lawrence was tbo .man sbo loved. Yet she would keep her faith with him. She had said it herself ! And Lawrence' would not olaim her so long as tho stain of : suspeoted crimo clung to his name. John Armstrong saw that ho could hold her still ! It was Christmas Day ; tho sun sbono on; tho ovcrgreon pines and tho glossy foliuge of ; tho oi-itugo trees und their golden fruit, and cky and lake wero one monotone of radiant azure. Johu and Helen wore walking in. the grove, and both wero taciturn and ill-at- ease. . 44 Helen, my girl," ho said breaking a long sficnco as thoy.drow near tho spot where she and Walter had mot last night, 44 1 bad been thinking what I could got you for a Christmas prcsmt," wondering what would pleaso you best. And I found out, lust night." "Last night? But you dida't como last night?" 4 4 Yes, I cume, Helen. I oumo. I camo tbis wiiv," pointing to tbo border of trees, "unci I was horo. I saw— I heard." Hulun started, uud the colour rushed to her faoo, then ebbing, left it deudly pale. But though sbo was dismayed, she did not blench. She was too proud to quail as guilt might quail, lhither, thoro was eveu a tuuoh of reproach in her tono as she answered, 44 You were here, John P You beard P" 44 By accident." His brown chov-k flushed now. 44 1 heard only a fow words. I hurried away. Yon don't think thut I'd play eavesdropper on purpose, Holon F" " No. no, John ! But if you taourJ any thing, I wish you huil hcurd all I You would have un lorataod that I— I was startled, taken by surprise. I had novor dromnt that he, "Walter, was livitig, whon I— whon you—" alio hesitated painfully, yot not us ono abashed or ashamed— thon added, "never until lost night !" 44 1 know, I know, ray bravo true-hearted girl!" ho said. You're not to blame— you'vo been straight; and square," 44 And he." sho interposed, hastily. "And ho too," John Armstrong rejoined, "ho did not know;.- Nor I, Holoii, do me justice, loo ! I did not know that the man I chutnmcd with at Ocala, whom I know as Lawrouoo, wan Walter Strottou." 44 Walter Lawreuco Strottou," she ex plained. 44 Yos, I know, ho has told mo, it is his second namo," ho said, wineing a littlo at her eugorneaa to explain on his behalf, 44 But £ did not know that Walter Strotton was the -namo of the wan you cured fur! Wo nono of 'us know. It's boon a chapter of mistukus all round. But now— now 1 sea what I can jpvo you, Helen ! I can givo you your free- " John, no— you are too good!" trtre'pru- testod with romontoful tendorooss— what is to a man 'the terrible frank tcudoraoss of tbo wumun who docn not love him 1" 44 No, not that'!" he said, recoiling from the word "good" on he? lips. 14 Wait — wait, Helen ! till you'vo hoard all. I givo you book yuur freedom and something more ! I give into your hand the means of clou ring Walter Strotton's name. _ FhiUp Stretton's death was no murder! ougut to know, because — because tbe accident— it was on accident! was brought about by me !" 44 You, Johu ! OU, John, nre you mad P" she fell back from him with doubt, fear, horror, in hor eyes. 44 No. I'm not mud, unless it's madness to toll you tho truth. It was my hand caused Philip Stretton's death." " Yours? Tlieu, who, what— are you ?" 44 What I've always boon, to you aud all tho world, plain Johu Armstrong !" 44 You were there, 'at Holborougb at tho timoP But— how was thUtP and what had you to do with Philip StrettoaP We never knew hu/ thing uhout you." 44 No. You uevor knew me nor my sister, my poor little slater Lizzie. But Philip Strottou know her ; £ dare say ho didu't talk of her to you. We weren't of your set, you see. You always know I never oouceuled from ypu that I hadn't moved in tho same class you'd boon ucoustomod to mix with. You kuew thut, and wore willing to accept 44Yesl Yuu were yourself to njc."„ 44 That's how it is we never met at Hoi- borough. £ wus only- thero now and then for a time, und we inovea in different orbits. My sister was as good a 'girl as ever breathed, but delicate, a pretty littlo palo tiling, fond of books und poetry. Philip Strettoa didn't moun uny thing by his attention to her— perhaps no harm, perhaps no j?ood, I didn't oliooao that he should amuse himself making a plaything of hor heart. We mot on that lonely road; 1 spoke to him— ho took the high aud mighty tone with me, and told me to mlud my own business. Woll, it's no story fur your cuts. Helcu. bat you oan guess li-J>w:WUrds rati high between n. ae i livo, , I'd no Intent. nor thought of sftrious injury to' lifo or limb.whon l fittuok hiurr But I wus Btroog,< and I fcupposo in piy atigor I hit hardor.than I meant. It waa just by .otil ohAnco. that he foil with his temple on a sharp stone. If I'd tot him lfo as ho fell, it would havo been plain onough how it happonod. But iu my horror and iifn may I lifted' him up, and movod him, trying to rooall him to. life. It never ocourrod to -, mo,- I vras so stunnod, that the stone 'loft .lying there would - have been supposed to have boon used as a woupon, still loss that young Walter Strettofi would be' suspected." " Why did you not corao forward and toll tho truth P" , > . "Beoauso, I own it to you, Helen, I wait u coward— for my sister's sako mora than for my own I It would havo killod Lizzio to havo had my namo couplod with his death, and .bor. numo dragged in and compromised, as jt must havo been. I thought to save my sister's good namo and poaoo of mind. It.1 was not until I was far away that I hoard how Walter Strottou bad been arrested uud disohargod . for want of j evidence. I thought tho matter ended thoro j — was no. more concern' of . mine. But I eeo; now, a man's, doed is a matter of his llfo for ' over— ho oan never get away from it.l " "Arid— your sister?" brcathod Holen. . "Sho dicd! I took tbls silenoo.on my conscience for her sake, in vain. .1 see now that It was a.orimo. But I didn't know— bclloye mo, Helen, I novor know how Walter Stratton had suffered from it. And I'didn't know it .wus your heart I was nearly break- ' Jng! But now it's not too Into toatono.to you both. You wero bis,, first. I. givo, you. back to him ! I'll give you a writteu.stute- meat . telling oxactly how Philip Btretton's death camo about. . If that's not onough, I'll go baok to Eogland and mako my declaration thoro." 44 It is onough 1 it shall be enough 1 You shall not go back to run tbo smallest risk ! ,0b, Jobn/I cannot accept this saorifico from you!" But yet. In her heart, she knew, andho know, that tho saorifico was already aooepted. , When Walter Strotton oamo, oboying a raessagp from Armstrong, to Weston's Grove, ho . found John nnd Helon band locked in hand, aud it wus bard to say which was tbo 'polor iu this parting hour. John turned and put Holcn's band in Walter's. "Sbo has a groat deal to tell you, Law rence," ho said, and liis strong voioe shook a 'little. 44 I'll lcavo von together." Tears were in Holon's eyes, bat John Armstrong smiled, for tho boart throb of saorifico is a pain that stings liko joy. Ho turned away and left thorn — together. 