THE GARDEN COURT MURDER ' (All Rights Reserved.) By BUEFORD DBLANNOY. CHAPTER X. 'OPEN IN THE NAME OF THE LAW.' When the shadows of night fell. Cinder ventured into the Temple with one of the portmanteaus of gold. Not a soul reoogpined him. Daverson's cham bers were oloeed. He was glBd to see that, for his own rooms were exactly above them. Opening his own door, he was about to strike a liftht, when he re membered that his windows were shut terleBB. Ourping the necessity which cuiilfjtrutfu mui lu wurjv in uuta uhia — lur it was useless to sport his oak with illu minated windows whinh could be seen from the (Jourt below— he went into the inner room, and shutting himself in, struck a match and lit a candle. He Razed at himself in the glass, and again marvelled at the change in his appear ance, he could quite undeistand friends passing him without recognition. Curi ously enough he looked more like Daver son than himeelf. That hump on his back had been a happy inspiration. He rolled up some brown paper into a huge eitinguieher shaped cone, making a tiny hole, which he . could cover with his hand, and with this crude sort of dark lantern, he affixed to the inner 'door the padlock hasp he had purchased dur ing the day. Then he ventured to his own private room, in tile cuplward of which the body was hidden. The tiny circle of light from his brown paper lantern he threw on to the door. All was as he had left it. He pushed the door and was about to insert the key and open it. He would.for the time being.hide the money away with the body. Then he remem bered that he had more bags to fetch from the railway stations. Once open ing the cupboard would do. The con tents were not of the most pleasant nature to look upon. And so quickly he left the Temple again and drove to Euston, returning in another cab with one of hie leftatthe cloak-room bags. And this he kept up during the evening till lie had the whole of the money safely in his chambers. Then he closed both doors with a sigh of relief, went into his bedroom, and for a few minutes lay at full length on his bed. His nerves had been at straining point the whole day, and he felt dog tired. After a little rest he arose and began to remove the disguise. The two co its he rolled up, and removing the wig, begpn to take oft !;is complexion, as he had l-e- n directed, with vaseline. Very hood he was himself again — Cin- ders. A very pale worried-looking Cin ders, it is true, but he remembered the money which was in )ii« possession, and his heart beat the faster for the pleasure he anticipated its spending would bring him. Three parts of the pleasure of life lies in its anticipation. A wash ami brush up, and he felt greatly re freshed. The win and other items of his disguise he rolled up in the two coats, and then taking the candle he boldly entered his sitting-room. In his owii_ proper person. Kilmers ,ui,u, not jiuuu being seen. He lit the other candles, far although by no means a nervous man, he preferred plenty of light — when he. remembered how the cupboard was tenanted. He smiled grimly as he saw the row of bags, and thought that if all else failed him, he had sufficient stock in hand to start in the portmanteau trade. And then he inserted the key in the lock of the cupboard and opened the door. As he did so the door seemed to be pushed open. The body had rested against it. and it fell forwurd into the room as the door opened. Cinders gave a slight shudder as he picked up the corpse and leant it against the back wall of the cupboard. Then he, one after the other, and one on the other, piled the bags of money on the floor of the cupboard, and stood there for a mo ment contemplating them. ' Wealth and death, side by side,' he muttered. ' Both owing to you Nellie Esmond. The money \b mine, the death yours. How to dispose of that body so that it may come up as damning evi dence against you later on, in a problem I hove yet to solve. Meanwhile it must ' be kept here, and the only safe— and eauitnry — way of keeping it is in an air tight bag. That 1 shall get in two days. Now I have secured the money, it is time to fasten the attention of the police on you my pretty Nellie. Your going to Liverpool helps the matter consider ably.' He walked to the table, and from the stationery rack in front of him, drew out some draft paper. This he held op to the light, and picked out those pieces without water marks. He had learnt so much from his practice at the Old Bailey, that he was not likely to--give . himself away by any uneonsidered clues. Then, mixing some. red. ; blue and black ink together, lit. -with infinite patience printed in capital letters the following letter for Scotland Yard— a letter lie had thought out during the day — ' MUKUKR HAS BEEN COMMITTED. ISAW IT HONK I1UT AM AFRAID TO GIVE KVIDENCR 1-UI1 FKAUOF BEING IMl'UCATKIl. MlSS ESMOND THE ACTRESS OF 13A ArUNDEL STHEET, StKANI), LAST NIGHT SHOT THE Hon. lioBKitT H addon. They qdar itlXI.Kl) A1I00T THK MARKIAQE SHE WAS TKYING TO KOUCE HIM INTO AND WHEN HE HAD GIVEN' HER A CHEQUE FOR £10,000 TO SETTLE THE MATTER SHB SUDDENLY TURNED AND SHOT HIM. SHE HAS CON CEALED THE CORPSE IN A DRESS BASKET AND IS TAKING IT WITH HER TO LIVERPOOL. Sun has joined the ' Lullulikty Girl' Company which is rkhearsing there now, hut that is a blind. she intends to cash the cheque and with it fly from Liverpool to America, relying ok her ability to throw the murdered man's body overboard during thk passage. do not. because this ie an anonymous letter, think it false. Enquire at Mr. Haddon'e place and satisfy yourself op hfo being missing, and then arrest thk murdrkss before it is too late. Having carefully read this efhiBiou, he folded it, and wrapped it in another sheet of draft paper, fastening the edges down with the margin of postage stamps. He would not risk using one of ' his own envelopes. Putting a stamp on it he directed it to the ' Criminal In- \ vestigution Department, Scotland ' Ysrd.' mnrking it ? on the corner, ' Urgent.' I ' That will. I think, set the ball roll- ' ing,' he muttered, as he put it in his pocket, and picked up hit* hat. ' I'll walk as far as 'Whitehall to post it. Scotland Yard is I think in the same postal district, the postmark will a fiord no clue to the sender's whereabouts.' I He pat in the last bag of money, pushed the cupboard door to, and turned ; the »ey in the lock. An he did so a - tumbling noise seemed to come from the cupboard, he imagined it to be the fall ing of some of the bags of money which caused it, and was on the point of turn ing the key again to see if it was so, when the action of his heart seemed to cease, for there came the sound of a peremptory knocking on his outer door ! He staggered rather than walked out into the passage, trying to pull himself together as he went. He opened the inner door and inquired : ' Who's there ? ' The peremptory rapping on the door was resumed, and a hoarse voice spoke through the letter-box slit : ' Open in the name of the law I ' CHAPTER XI. THE SCOTLAND YARD PREDIC TION. Suspicion ever haunts a guilty miud. Wbb all discovered ? Were the police on. the other side of the door waiting to arreet him ? If ho, he would never be taken alive. There had buen a chance of his proving his innocence. His be haviour over the cashing of the cheque had destroyed it. Again that rapping at the door. What should he do f Escape was im possible. Then he remembered that he had a revolver in hie room. Better better far end hie life by his own hand speedily, than suffer the damning tor ture of the condemned ce|l, and death at the common hangman's hande. Yes, he would get the pistol. He was about to step into the inner room, wlieu hiB movements were arrested by a voice— a voice he knew well — it came through the letter-box. ' Why the devil don't you open the door, Cinders ? How much longer are you going to keep the personification of aw kicking at your inhospitable door r ' In a moment Cindera had the door open. Daverson stood there— Daverton fresh from the Club, fresh from the wine cud, and— if the truth must be told— a trifle fresh himself. He entered, and the two men walked into Cinders' room. ' I thought you had gone to Ventnor. you old iraud you,' SHid Daverson. 'Your man oame to me and asked me to take a case before Buckni'll for you to morrow, an you were leaving to-day by the noon train, and here I find you at midnight as per usual. What is the bull's-eye you are aiming at r'' ' Sit down, old fellow. There's the brandy by the side of you, help yourself. The fact is 1 have been feeling very seedy. I (lid arrange to run down to the Island, but something turned up to stop my doing so to-day.' ' Well, [am going through the brief to-night. I haven't even opened it yet. I left it on my table. I am sleeping in chambers to-night so there is uo fear of my not being in time for the Court in the morning.' ?' No need to trouble, old chap. The case is not in the list, and they wont be taking jurv cases for at -least three days.' ' Oh, ie that so P I have not seen the list. When I came into the Court I was surprised to see your light burning. That IB what made me knock you up. You are right, -i«ar boy, you do look seedy. When you opened the door you looked more as if you expeoted to see a ghost than this ton solid flesh of mine.' ' There is nothing particularly ghostly about you, Daverson.' ' No, 1 have, reluctantly, to admit ttiat I belnng to the fleshy school; By theJbye. have you been to the Club this evening ? ' ' No. I have been so busy that I have not been out.' ' You have not heard the news then ? ' ' What news ?:' ' The mysterious disappearance of Hubert Haddon.'1 '? N — no. I Iibvh not heard of it. Where has he gone ? ' ' That is the whole point.' ' But was he not to have been mar ried this morning ? He has gone on his honeymoon.' Cindersfelt how grim was his utter ance, but he had a part to play, and he was not a man to stick at trifles, so he continued : ' You know what an erratic beggar he is. He is probably in ' Gay Paree ' by now.' ' PoBeibly, but you are wrong about the marriage. That is completely off.' ' How do you know that ? ' ' From the best of sources — the at one time prospective bride herself. I met her at Euston this morning. She's joined the ' Lulluliety Girl ' Company, and was going to Liverpool.' . _ . ' Quarrel ? ' ' No, she said they were still friends, -ut had agreed that it wbb best to part.' ?' How much did he have to pay her to bring about that feeling in her heart F ' ' Oh, come Cinders ! That is not fair. The little woman is a lady.' ' A lady — and an actresB I ' r ' Oh, that's all bally rot. Do not try to come the Clement Scott line with me, Cinders. There are as good women on the stage as oft it.' ' You think so ? It is quite refresh ing to meet a man like you occasionally, Dnverson. 1 wish you would look me up more often than you do. You act like a tonic. Innocence gets scarcer every day.' ' I do not care for your chaff. Women are bad in all lines of life — on the stage and oft it— just the same as there are good.' ?..„??*?- ?? You do me good.' ? - - . ' Very likely. I do not say there is an overflowing amount of virtue in the back row of the 'ballet, any more than there is in Piccadilly at midnight. But I do say, and do mean, that Nellie Esmond is as straight and true and pure and virtuous a woman as ever existed.' ' You have been laying in a stock of adjectives, old man. 1 would not over burden that brain of yours were I you. Nellie Ksnioud may be — ' ' She is.' 'Well, grant it. If it pleases you to think so. it does not hurt me. I sup pose you are entered on her list of friends.' ! ' I am proud to say, yes, to that. And I am her friend too in the strict nenfe of the word.' « I ' I understand. The go-through-fire- j und- water brand, eh ? ' ' Do not sneer, Cinders, because it is waste of time, it does not a Beet me a scrap. If 1 call myself the friend of any- , one, I hope I understand what friend ship means. I thought at first Haddon had been up to some hanky-panky busi ness, and if so I should have stood by' Nellie Esmond. And so 'now, if she wanted a friend, I hope she could not knock at a door where she would find a warmer one than at mine.' | ' Quite touching.' '? Jt is pluin she iB not a friend of yours, by the way you talk. And that ie curious, because you and Haddon we're so thick. However, let us drop the lady for a moment and come back to the man. Have yon any idea where Haddon '?IF Why should I know P ' ' All right, old fellow— keep your hair on. You were chummy, and I thought you might know, that is all. It appears he must have left the house early in the morning, for not a 6oul saw or heard him go. He has taken no luggage, not a change of linen, not even a second collar, so no doubt he intended returning in a few hours. 1 fear foul play.' ?' Foul play ! Why ? ' ' The circumstances seem so curious. On what was intended as his wedding morning he suddenly disappears without leaving a trace.' '? His should-have-been bride ought to be able to throw some light on it.' ' That is just inv idea, on thinking the matter over. I have acted on it. X have written, asking her if she can come to London— at least for the day.' ' To London ? ' ' Yes. Despite this separation I be lieve she loved Hubert. When she hears of his disappearance I feel snre she will run up to town. She ought to be able to get oft for a day. So far she is only re hearsing with the ' Lulluliety Girl ' Company.' ' And what good do you think her presence in London will effect F ' ' Do not knew. But Hubert Haddon was a friend of mine as he was of yours, and although you treat the matter lightly. I believe you would never for give yourself for your levity if anything serious really has happened to him.' '? What can have happened F ' .' Murdered, perhaps. He left his flat in the early morning before many people were about, and his jewellery may have attracted the attention of some murder ing thief.' ' The police would laugh at such a theory as that.' ' They don't laugh at it. On the con trary they think it more than probable.' ' You have consulted the police then ? ' ' I spent an hour at Scotland Yard before I went to the Club.' ' The devil you did ! ? And what more did they say anent this theory of yours?' ' That if true, before the week was out they would find the body, and lay their hands on the man who committed the murder.' ~'-''' CHAPTER XII. IDENTIFYING THE PHOTOGRAPH. The telegram which Nelly Esmond dispatched from Euston was about her dress basket. ' The profession travels with its wardrobe packed in baskets for ease in transit. Usually the artiste haa his or her initials painted on the side of the hamper. Nellie Esmond's initials so appeared on hers. It was about this basket — with 'N.E.' on it -that. Nellie telegraphed. Her wardrobe was missing. She had sent it forward, and on her arrival at Euston, expected to find it awaiting her. But enquiry at the cloak-room was fruitless. For one of those apparently inscrutnble reasons— which carriers alone are cap able of explaining away— it had not arrived. This seemed a little thing, but oft times greet events from little causes spring. Had Miss Esmond's luggage travelled with her to Liverpool, thin narrative might have shaped very difler ently. Her baggage would have been on the spot, and its absence would nut have oonD'rmed the suspicion of the police— a suspicion a'rouBed by the anonymous letter. It is a mistake to suppose that anony mous letteis are never read. It soundB well to talk of ' stab-in-the-dark ' busi ness, and to assert that ?' gentlemen always throw them away.' unread.' In nine ca3es out of ten the gentlemen very carefully read them, and in an equal number of cases sufter a very unpleasant time after their perusal, for the reason that anonymous letters are rarely made a medium for the transmission of dea sant news. They are usually framed with a view to ' opening the eyes ' of the recipient. There may be - persons who cast into the fire unread this class of correspondence, hut it is fair to say that Scotland Yard does not contain an overwhelming number of such hyper sorupulous beings. The letter iu capitals, which Cinders had so carefully drawn, and posted to Scotland Yard, arrived there at a time when detective Janson was on duty. He opened and read it. He was much struck with its contents, because the previous evening he had had a long in terview with Mr. Daverson. Therefore the seed sown by Cinders fell on fruitful soil. Mr. Daverson had told him all the story,not omitting the. pending marriage of the missing man with Nellie Esmond. When, therefore, the Deteotive received the anonymous note, he did not for a moment think of ' casting it aside un read.' On the contrary he read it again and iigaiu. Then he 'cutely held it up to the light for watermark tracing ; but the writer— quite as 'cute— had foreseen this. Then he looked at the postmark— it afforded no clue. Then lie smelted it— a perfume haB before now put an astute detective on the scent. He weighed the contents very carefully. ' Murder has been com mitted. I saw it dune.' That meant an accomplice. ' They quarrelled about, the marriage she was trying to force him into.' That did not tally with Daver son's story, The barrister had sugges ted that the anxiety was on the part of the missing rumi-that he had been anxious to marry the girl. ' Which ver sion waE most likely to be correct F Hip experience taught the detective to accept the letter-writer's statement. He had had cases through hie hands before of unscrupulous women blackmailing men. Why had she shot him ? Perhaps after she had secured the cheque they had quarrelled, and he, possibly, threat ened to stop payment. The bank must be his first place of enquiry, Where did the mi6Bing man bank F Probably that information he could glean froih Ddver 8On.' '? :?? ? '. ' . ' rSo he put on his hat and walked over to the Temple. Was Mr. Daverson in i 'He was— would he walkin ? He walked iniS Jftr. Davereon wouldn't be a min ute, tlie clerk said— he, was just washing Ills hands. Would Mr.' Jhukou like to cast iiis eye over the morning paper ? Yes, Mr, Janson said he would, and he did cast his eye over it— literally— and took a. mental inventory of everything in Mr. Daverson's room. ' It was a' habit of his— it had served him well on more than one occasion, this observation trick of his— and he cultivated it care fully. One thing he noted. Resting on the mantel was a full length photograph of the barrister, and he remembered it | afterwards, when the remembrance was of use to him* even to the name of the photographer. I The interview was a short one. The ofetective said nothing of the receipt of the anonymous letter— he believed in re 1 ceiving information, but he rarely im parted it. j Yes, Daverson knew where the mis sine man had banked — had had cheques from him and so remembered— at Ooutte'. Straight to Oqutts' went the detec tive. He interviewed the paying-clerk. Yea, that worthy remembered cashing a £10.000 cheque quite well, payable to Nellie Esmond. Could he describe the presenter of the cheque ? Certa July ; he was a fair, tall, stout hump-backed man. with small side-wh.iBke.r8. Detective Janson -stood silent for a moment. He was apt to remark that it took a deal to surprise him, but on this occasion he wbb distinctly surprised. For Contts' cashier had given him a de scrption of Daverson ! Of the barrister who had first come to him with tidings of the missing man. Of the man who had first suggested murder, and whose tale of the marriage : did not tally with the version given by the anonymous letter-writer. And the officer remembered tdb that the letter's Btory about the £10,000 cheque was, at least in a measure continued. ' You would know the man again ? ' ' Rather. I noticed him particularly, because the cheque was broken up peculiarly. What is it F Not forgery?' ' No— I faDC-y the cheque is all right. You will be here for the next hour F ' ' Yes.' ' I'll fetoh you a photo, and see if you recognise the man. I'll be back within the hour.' A hansom. Directions to drive, to Sana's, the Photographers, 3*5, Strand.' Brief— n'ctioi'.ary — explanation of busi ness. Photographer anxious to oblige the police. Let him have the loan of one of Mr. Daverson's photos ? Certainly. and half a dozen other gentlemen's photos ? Certainly. Ooult'sBank.cabby— thecab containing Detective Janson and those seven photo graphs, only one of which was of a man with a hump on his, back. The officer displayed his hand on the bank couuter. He laid the pictures down as o ne would, lay playing cards — face upwards. Without a moment's hesitation the bank clerk placed his in dex finger on one, and said : 1 ' That's the man -1' And his finger fpsted on the present ment of Daverson the barrister. ' ; Janson returned to Daverson's cham bers. To the tenant thereof he said : ' I've been to the bank.' ' Not got much of a clue there, I am afraid.' 'I don't know. .One of the missing man's chequeB wae~ 'presented for pay ment by a man yesterday. ? ' ? * ' Well, what has that to do with it? ' ' I am inclined to think that the man had a hand in the murder.' ' ' Oh.' That wan all Daverson raid. The 'de tective watched him closely and in silence. And presently the barrister in quired : ' What are y[ou thinking now F ' ' I'm thinking'' replied the officer, slowly, ' whether I shall take into cus tody the man who presented ttiat cheque.' (To be continued) 