ON THE RELIEF OF LADY - SArrriL How did wo take tlm tidings? Wby weren't you hero for the sight ? You call this a drowsy town, my boy, but it wasn't on 'I hursday night. Were wo pleAscd ? Woio people excited ? Did thov Boom DArlicular ulad ? Why all the town wns orazy, boy, wont staik, staring mad. Tho guus camo banging at midnight, woko us out of our sloop. Wo know what they told, and we crowdod out liko a monstor flook of sheep. We yollod oursolvos honreo with sing ing, and shoutiug and screaming, "Hurray II" And every .lack of us kopt tho streets till daylight dawned noxt day. And bonfires blazed, and tho pooplo danced, as novor they'd danoed be fore, And bolls wero ringing ovor tho town as nover tlioy rang of yoro. And tho womon forgot thoy wero women- thought thoy were soldtors, too. You'd a thought thoy'd dono tho business themselves, thoy wore making such an ado. I novor seen suoh a eight boforo, for whilo tho flags wero a-flying Thoy wore clapping and squealing, and shouting, 44\Yoll done," and then foil laughing and crying. Well, I don't bhmo om. I did the same, or near did, at any rate. Why, I'm gutting that stirred up, old boy, that my pen won't carry straight. You know old Jacob O'Roilly, who wanted tho Boors to win, He's as deaf as a post; or a boadle, and was sleoplng thro all the din. Well, wo toro down tho street a-shouting, and rousted him out of. bed, . , Somo of us "whispered" tho hows to him, you bot, tho', ho heard what wo said. We tugged him out of his blankets, and wrapped him up in a ahoct, With a bolt of pillowslips around him, we carried him into tho street. Ho wns half asleep all thro' it, till ho heard them shouting, "Hurray 1" Then tho songs and tho bawling woke him, and no tried to slip away, With tho shoot a-trailing round him, like a spook abroad in tho night, . Or moro liko tho ghost of a frowsy Boer, come to look on tho sight. But we mounted him on a garden wall, 'twas the jollio9b sight I've soon, And made him shout, "Rulo Brittania," and " Soldiea of tho Quoon." Wo covered his shoot with a Union Jaok, and put a flag in his hand, You'd have thought a staunchor patriot novor stopped in the land. And wo mado him drink " Bobs" and 41 Kitchonor," then "Buller," and 44 Bobs " again. And ho tried to slip in "Kruger," and 44 Kronje," but triod in vain. , So muoh for Jacob; but read awhile, the town tricked out so gay, With banners and flags, ana Union Jaoks, a-waving night and dAy ; Tho atmosphere rooks with patriotism — tho whoio world's mad, I ween — Why, tho dogs howl 44 Rulo Britannia," and bark 44 God save tbo Queen." At daybreak the cocks start crowing— ou can hoar thorn aB plain as can " Boys of the old brigade," lad, and "Sons of the mighty sea." Tho butohers and milkmen sing and shout as thoy clattor down tho street, Tho very time of the soldiers' songs seem stuck to tho Roles of their foot. Tboy march to tho tunes, and eaoh one oheors, as he waves tho flag in his cart, t . Oh ! don't it show how the love of old . England tingloB from heart to heart. Threo oheors for the Queen 1 1 1 here ! hurrah, again 1 why, lad, it's just as I said, I'm like tho rest of tho world just, now, , "gone olean off my head." Good-byo, tho " Bushmen" aro leaving, so no moro to-day from me, And when noxt a "Ladysraith" is re- . Hoved may you bo hero to seo. Hobart. Bertiu Sopthy Adams. 