I FARM AND DAIRY PRODUCE. j s Butter -The local butter market shows is the eldest reaction from the full prices to which it recently advanced Dial advance was due to the tenders for export to South Africa and other told me last winter the South African orders were eonilileteii him field, without having succeeded by fresh orders at the high prices, the Intercolonial mail fond treasured was found to be insufficient to sustain the market especially as the security is on a large scale for the reason of the i in the sales yesterday were, therefore, dull, and lower prices IIHII lei In accepted Hood to in line factory butter sold at will to His , and slightly livelier prices will oh! lined, in usual, for pc eld laurels., including choice prints Vleillnm sold down to Del , and loss millie four pool pre mill at local rates the ruins) of their) butter showed a further large increase Ordinary good to prime ranged from "Jil to 634 , and prime separator and private creamery lots sold at -4d to the Victorian filly lots sold down to Mr, and inferior down to 6d linton jail Hum A fall beer business is doing. in here last tile into colonial demand is not quite so good as of late (come to prime sides are quoted at visit to 7d lb and a little in 7min middle out "of In sail ladies ill He is laid , mil sterilisers al allies it IJd In June- oulnina tool includes me allotted at sales Id net for handful and had to sit net for iililugLii] Choice rule n quoted it and I i le! I nil -V moderate business is being done in laid at similar to inlets hit tile draining is not very active Good to prime bladders are quoted at 4d to 11d and hulk at 11d load Cheese -There is a good 1 the demand for cheese and the issue el Amana turn food to prime new is quoted at 6d to Had and mediums about rise Matured shed c is selling? at (I'd special fund-, fetching a slight advance Strong flavoured old lots in thill or not is four miles I Egg- the mail el or ties as well duellist yesterday prices in big downward The supply. showed an increase business was done early at 1 to 1 that life -after wire mule is 1/0 To 1 I Inserted eggs were sold li Old to Kid last night rules were obtained for this well knit lots i miller. -There was a full demand for ] country at residing) s -lies at steady) prices- In IOWIH good hens young roosters, list of the table, and at set-to 1/8 pu pill, tuns and mixed lots at 21 to 2/0 find thickens at Lulu 21 I have) got liners sold at 8s to 11s, and dark.) lions at 100 to 7 Ducks realised 17 to 16 till! ghost II To 11/11 Guinea fowls are quoted at 17 RECORD uri north 1 Honey find in will -Prime clean them) is allotted! in Id and choicest up to J ¡«I ; but in which! said Bungulla! lots meet with me darling! Beeswax is quoted at 11d lb Later ordinary), and up to 1/1 for choice Cm The Park and Tenders - XI He unction sales on filled last carcase pork sold in Id had and enters It is to Jil AM DM MIVA II XI 27 Planes Pius June 27- Cheese- X[n"ct sim Pilli i instance! good demand I was to (the (few -rich lands tombing higher figures) medium from (4d m is in good demand! 6d to 9d , prime well ! down firmly "iii to 55s! medium in good lost sight for shipment, good demand, (J Pnttcd nutter Filme nearly pulled good the demand 8d to 8d in dunn and pastry) sorts lower figure-. 1 rush Under - Supplies forward Trade-, life Indianic liming' thin kid export orders, di fund to date practically restricted! to local Undi requirement- pines decidedly' easier tender) food to prime failures, led to 10d (beer in stands out) it higher figures), prime daniel and i I tailor Inltois Eld In (had no claim to good, "way to 8.1 Poultry - Air in gobblers be to Ul do lions led to their fowls mining here birds fit for (table 250 to 1/8, old and mixed lots 20 to 27th gets f lo (on thinks ill) to I/O guinea fowls, 41, pigeons 12 Eggs late up pi is market easier I rests ORRS 1/2 to Illicit let price for small private lots preserved, 11 2! lines -Prime clear golden lil to 4th son of Mr and dark colour lower figures Heesmi - XXanlii! ally intended 1/6. To 1/1 Carcase Pork June 22-1 iron -supply a clock eonshlenlbl d. Slim, told prime porkers, ted To lil meridian policies and 1 non sires Id to I'd , few head) chopping pigs at various lower figures Vealers --replies slices large in crease Values lower Sold prime wethers 2d to 4d medium and EUI will call s 21 to 2d Bacon -Prime light sides, good demand Corti 1 > 7.1 medicine and being vitality rattle of Hams-«Jillet, prime Iii lit weights led to the heavy) weights loner 111 cross pigs chicks, 2d to 2d plES' fort 2d to 2d lard- Hotter de main Prime bladders, 9d to 11d , east! 9 and calls 3d to 11d " 