STMELAND. v »- ? ? i MID the great pre* SL paratlons for the wm celebration of 'the ? A inauguration of the ffijfB C o m m o nwealth, ?wff amusements will ! fir take no small part, OF a fact which Mr. J. C. Williamson voic ed in no uncertain manner to the Org anising Committee of Commonwealth celebrations, o f which he is a mem ber. A magnifi cent spectacular production will be seen at Her Majes ty's, which'* it is. stated will* easily eclipse 'Djin- Djin' and.;'Matsa.' Mr. Berna*^. Espi nasse will .st»e:V re sponsible So* ?'* the book and the lyrics; while the hand of ? Mr. Williamson Vill finally shafee -'all. The scheme of the new production is* understood to be an extremely bold one, and will savor of the prophetic^ the 'twentieth century naturally having a big . say therein. Suffice it to say, without endeavoring .to. antici pate, that when Mr. Williamson means, to. eclipse his former spectacles he will do so, and the pub lic may expect a great treat. In Ae-^neantoie the Nance O'Neil Company holds lnTT boards' With 'Macbeth,' which is probably easily first in the history of Shaksperian mounting. 'Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyfle,' the sflay in which Mr. Richard Mansfield, the great American tra gedian, took London by storm some years ago, will be presented for the first time in Sydney to-night. The version is by Mr. Dampier, and the leading character is a double, which requires much subtlety. In this Mr. Dampier may be expected to show us something fine. The follow ing is an extract from the sermon of the Very Her. F. W. Farrar. Dean of Canterbury, delivered by the rev. gentleman when Stevenson's book was first published: 'It is the tale of a man -who, by scientific discovery, had learned to separate his life into two. to disintegrate his own individu ality, to incarnate, as it were, into a separate ex istence, a distorted, misshapen, deceitful being, ?who is ths concentration of all that is evil in itself. Having made this discovery, he can, when he chooses, assume this aspect and ckarac ter, and after indulging all that is corrupt and debased in his nature, can return to his proper shape, which is that of a man respectable, nay, even honorable and beloved. Thus he tries at once to indulge and to conceal, to gratify and re pudiate the lower nature; to do all that is good in his life as one man, and all that is vile in his life as another man, who is yet the same. But he finds that the more often he tries this, the more difficult it is to get rid of his wicked double, and to resume his natural aspect. His evil na ture gains with terrible strides upon the good. He becomes more and more inseparably identi fied with his evil self. At first it is a visibly painful effort that he can clothe his bad nature in a separate personality, but it soon becomes fa tally easy; nay, after a time, bis evil nature thrusts itself into being against his will, and the difficulty is not to individualise, but to get rid of t his unnatural being. At last the spell wholly ceases to work; no power can bring the man back to what he naturally was. In shamed agony he 3 is disillusioned of the guilty casuistry with which » he strove to avoid responsibility for the viler acts s of his nature. It indicates an awful moral truth; ' that truth is the double- identity of our human na- - ture — the fact that there are in every one of us op- s posinjr elements — that there live within us an i Adam and a Savior — that the angel has us by the - hand or the serpent by the heart.' At the Royal Johanna Murphy and Lulu, her 1 winsome daughter, are tie centre of attraction. : Miss Lcttie Collins and Mr. Albert Whelan, the ' incomparable mimic, are the chief draws at the - Tivoli; and an American novelty, the Cineograph ' and Stereopticon will to-day open the Lyceum ; with three pugilistic encounters, viz., Corbett and Jeffries (for the championship of the world), Dixou v. M' Govern, find M'Coy v. Maher. The opening of the Grand Opera Company will soon be in view, Mr. Musgrove having decided to commence operations at the Royal on December ]. Mr. John F. Sheridan will migrate to the i Lyceum to enable Mr. Musgrove to carry out his i intention. At the conclusion of the grand opera season ie Melbourne, comic opera, with Miss Nellie Stewart I in the forepart, will be the card at the Princess, 'The Scarlet Feather' being the opening produc tion. At Her Majesty's, 'The Rose of Persia', will give place to 'The Old Guard' to-night. The Christmas production will be 'Florodora,' for which Miss Grace Palotta has been specially imported. Miss Maggie Stirling is doing very well in | Condon, especially singing at 'at homes,' though ! we CMelbourne 'Punch') have not heard of her j making a fortune as yet. She is learning from Panzani, who was for some years Mme. Marche si's right-hand man, and teaches by her methods. Miss Regina Nagel is also learning from him, having had a disagreement with Mme. Blanche Marchesi over voice-production. Talking of Miss Nagel reminds us that she met Miss Florrie ! Young in London at the house of a mutual friend. J Miss Young is studying under Mme. Blanche Marchesi, her father-in-law defraying the ex pense. Miss Young was over in London for a holiday when she met Miss Nagel, and they Bpent an agreeable hour in mutual admiration.' The 'Wellington (N.Z.) 'Evening Post' of No vember 12 states that Mr. Donald Macdonald, j the war correspondent, will take his departure! from New Zealand from the Bluff by the steamer 'Westralia on Tuesday, the 27th instant, thus end ing a phenomenal tour of the colony extending exactly twelve weeks, during which the lecturer will have been on the platform every week night but three. The popular war correspondent has given no less than seventy-two lectures in New Zealand upon the South African trouble, and is the first lecturer to visit the colony whose tour las been managed on purely theatrical lines. He 3ias delivered as many as eignt lectures in one week, and the extraordinary 'attendance figures' jiTove his success, no less than 72,000 people having paid to hear him in the two islands. Mr. Macdonald, during his flying visit, has made xnaxry friends, and is to be congratulated upon, his remarkable success. Miss Nora M'Kay, the young Queensland vio linist, who has successfully passed the examina tion at Liege, is expected to return to Austra lia early next year, and to give public perform ances. A letter from her instructor, M. Musin, to Miss M'Kay*s father refers in terms of un stinted eulogy to the candidate's performance, Twhich is described as 'magnificent' Mr. George Musgrove has introduced a novelty fit the Princess's Theatre, Melbourne, namely, the automatic opera-glass' box, -which is fixed jbehind the seats. Upon the insertion of 6d into the slot and the pressure of a button the cover of the box is released, and the opera glasses are available for use. The idea of the automatic opera-glass box has been successfully adopted at several of. the London theatres. Mr. W. J. Holloway (says the 'Stage') is *hoosing a company for his next South African tour (the fourth). A large repertory, Shak Bperian and otherwise, will include Wilson Bar rett's adaptation of 'Quo Vadis.' His com pany will number more- than thirty. This is a ibig undertaking when the long journeys over the African continent are considered. By the way. Mr. Chas. Holloway will soon arrive in Australia rwith a host of new attractions, and it is hoped \ jquite recuperated. M. Jean de Reszke, the great Frendi operatic tenor has, one notes from . a paragraph* In. the Londou 'Times,' begun to lose his voice: The criticism Is In connection with 'Die Meisterring er.' It says: 'It was clear that the beautiful voice was by no means what it was, and that the Tinging quality of its tones has apparently disap peared, it may be hoped only .for a time. The Impersonation of Walther was as beautiful and sympathetic as ever, and this would have won him success even had his vocal condition been so catiofectory as to dp away with the necessity of saving himself for the prize-song at the dose. . i When it came, it -was, of course, artistically phrasefl,- but in power anS ^effect it 'Was a. sadly Eaint reflection of what is used to be. .The wrecks is beautiful, but a -wreck is is, and the perfor mance could not but excite painful memories.' it is grattfying to read in the 'Musical Times' of October 1 that 'the well-known pianist Mr. Ernest Hutcheson, has been appointed to the senior professorship of pianoforte-playing at the Peabody Institute Conservatory of Music,' at Baltimore, United States. A performanae of Cabmen, with a real bull fight in the fourth act, hWtaken place at Bayonne. If one may judge by the enthusiastic approbation of a southern audience the innovation was, In thea trical language, an immense success. The-* first act was listened to with attention, and the second with tolerance. The music of the third was ac companied by impatient cries of 'El toro!' from spectators anxious to hasten the appearance of the bull. The fourth act opened amid feverish excitement. The difficulty of finding an artist capable of playing Eseamillo and facing a bull having proved insuperable, a professional torea dor then took the baritone's place In the arena. Thesbull was butchered amid1 universal ^cclama tipji. and the subsequent death of Carmen passed unnoticed. Sif Arthur Sullivan, it is announced in several Belgian papers, has been invited by a well-known Continental manager to compose an opera ex pressljr.! f or the French Btage. Sir Arthur has not yet arrived at any decision with regard to the French work, but if the offer is accepted the Parisian dramatist. Armand Silvestre, will pro bably'be the librettist. Monte Carlo, where bir Arthur Sullivan is a frequent visitor, is mentioned as the place of production of the opera. Ibsen's play, 'Ghosis,' which wae to have been produced at St. George'e Hall, Londoa, recently, bas been vetoed by the Lord Chamberlain. The representation was to have been in German, un der the auspices of the German Dramatic Society, and considerable surprise has been manifested at this decision of the censor, ae 'Ghosts'' was some years ago produced :n English. But on that occasion it was merely a private per formance, for which no licence was needed. As a matter of fact, however, a licence was not for mally applied for by the German. Dramatic Society, but Mr. Redford was approached informally, and asked whether he would sanction the perform ance. Ho replied in the negative. Mr- Redford's decision, based upon the opinion that 'Ghosts' is an immoral play, has created con siderable dissatisfaction among some of the mem bers of the German Dramatic Society. There has 'been a funny sequel to this matter. French Anglophobia nas been excited anew by the belief it-h«.t the Lord Chamberlain, who has done this thing, is really Mr. Joseph Chamberlain — who-, as is explained in the Paris papers, 'in addition to being Minister for the Colonies, is also Censor of Plays.' In an article headed 'Chamberlain-Mac- bc-th,' the 'Dix-Neuvieme Siecle' eays: 'Mr. Chamberlain is not fond of the living, having made so many corpses whese bones whiten ait the foot of the kopjes of the Transvaal and the Orange Free State. He likes ghosts still less, and will not allow them to approach him. A luckier man than Macbeth, Mr. Chamberlain has the power to prevent the spectre of Banquo from seating itself at hie eide. Mr. Chamberlain is a happy man.' The 'Echo de Paris' says: 'Chamberlain is be coming terrible. He is declaring a new war. This time against Ibsen.' The German Crown Prince is announced to act the leading role in a short military play, newiy composed at the wish of the Empress by Thilo von Trotha, which is to be given privately before he Court this winter. The Paris 'Figaro' reproduces an extraordl iary tale published recently in the 'New York fcurnal' referring to smuggling on an extensive icale that has been practised in America by a [toman said to be an actress. Though suspected -f smuggling, nothing subject to duty was found imongst the lady's belongings during four jour leys she made between New York and Canada. 3n her last journey, however, she had a little dog with her, which died soon after the vessel started, md the idea occurring to one of Ihe officials to iave a post mortem examination made of the mimal, it was discovered that his body was full Df diamonds. The system adopted by this in genious lady was to starve the dog for a couple of iays, when he ate voraciously pieces of meat con taining the diamonds sought to be smuggled. The story may in a measure be true, though 'The Stage' much doubts whether this lady smug gler has any more titled to be called an actress than have many other disreputable people who Erom time to time style themselves actresses in the law courts. In connection with the fevival of 'Lady Win acrmcre's Fan' in London, it is rumored that a new play by its author (Oscar Wilde) will be pro duced at an important West End theatre during the coming season. This new play will not see the light under its author's name. Mr. J. T. Grim, teh eminent English critic, has made the following remarks relating to Miss Eve lyn Millard's objection to speak certain lines in 'The Lackey's Carnival: 'Here is a lady throw ing up her part two months after having received it, objecting to a few words, if anything, more delicate than the usual style of Mr. Jones, and there has been more comment on that line than on the whole play itself. And most certainly,' emphatically added the critic, 'the author is the one to judge which lines are, or are not, vital t» the play, and the actor or actress is not the one to say which lines he or she will or will not speak.' A movement is on foot to erect a tombs'.one over the grave of Annie Laurie. Many people are under the delusion that Annie Laurie was merely the figment of the poet's brain, but this was not so. She was the daughtec-'of Sir Robert Laurie, and was born in Maxwelton House, which stands on the 'braes' immortalised in the song. Mr. Charles Warner, who recently announced his intention of revisiting Australia, possesses an interesting memento (the gift of Charles Reade), of his early success. It is a massive silver lov ing cup, of the finest form and workmanship- of the time of Charles I. At the bottom is an in scription from the writer to the actor, so that the cup will remain as a record of Charles Rex, Charles Reade, end Charles Warner. Oddly enough, the initials of the maker are also C.W. Tbe penalty of greatness: Mr. R. G. Knowles, who is stated to- be retiring from' the music-hall stage, is having his biography written. 