LORD HOPETOUN. ARRIVES AT FREMANTLE. STILL WEAK AND ILL. WILL TRAVEL TO LAEGS BAY. RECEPTION IN WEST AUSTRALIA. Perth, December 6. The absence of reliable information as to the movements of Lord Hopetoun after his arrival at Fremantle, and the desire of the home authorities that no reception should £ake place on account of his ill-health, ac-j counted for the fact that no arrangements were made for formally welcoming the Governor-General. The overhead railway bridge at Fremantle had been decorated with flags and foliage, while the words, "Federated Australia Welcomes the Gover nor- General," extended round the sea-end of the bridge in red lettering on a white background. Over the centre of the in scription was a design on caheo represent ing t£e flags of the Empire, enclosing a portrait of the Governor- General. Lord Hopetoun travelled from Colombo in itfce P. & O. mail steamer Victoria, and he was in such a weakened condition on account of fever that he had to be. carried aboard. ,The steamer was sighted from Rottnest at 2.15 a.m., and she entered the! river alt 5.30 ajn., 'berthing at the South' quay a. few minutes later. By t3iis time' the vessels at the wharf were lined wituj bunting from stem to stern, and the mail steamer was similarly dressed. At 8 a.m. the Fremantle Artillery fired a salute at the South quay, and -the guns from the! Admiral's flagship Royal Arthur replied.! It had been jntended that Lord Hopetoun j 'should join the flagship at Fremantle and proceed direct to Sydney, but his plans had' to be changed, for his medical adviser, 1 Smgeon- Maior Philson, deemed it advisable that he ehould continue his voyage to Largs Bay in ,<tbe mail steamer, and then embark on the Royal Arthur. - His Excellency courteously granted an interview to a representative of "The Ad vertfeer" in, the captain's cabin, wihich wafi placed et his disposal for the voyage by Commander Crewe. ' Lord Hopetoun was looking thin and pallid, and seemed generally but a ghost of his former self. Although rapidly recover ing from his severe attack of malarial dy sentery, the Governor.-General bore plenti ful signs of the ravages of the disease. While ready to converse pleasantly, he de sired to keep away from all political mat ters, and declined to give any information as to whom he -would call upon to form the first Federal Ministry. ? : With regard to his illness, Lord Hope toun said he had gone to India for a five weeks' holiday, and in that time he had every reason to believe that <the climate wouu suit him. For the first 10 days he was particularly weD. Then all in one day he was stricken down with fever, and became seriously fIL This was at Meerut. He had to be carried in a. dhooly to the train and afterwards to ihe naval com mandant's quarters. Finally, he was re moved to Government House, Cdom/bo. The attack had developed into a ssevere form of malaria] dysentery. "I am quite fit now," remarked his Ex cellency, but bis appearance belied that statement. "At Meerut," he continued, "I believe I hardly weighed as much as my eldest son. lam able to dress myself now and toddle about. It was only the day before vesberdav that I was able to wa& about the deck. I don't want to ccc any more of India," remarks iris Excel lency, as his thoughts went back to the un pleasant experiences 'he had encountered there. Referring to the iHness of Lady Hope toon, he mentioned tDiat misfortunes never seem to come singly. Two days before reaching Colombo Lady Hopetoun took ill, and by tie time tihe seaport was in sight she waa : suffering from malarial fever. "Hank God! she is -well, exclaimed Lord Hopetoun, when lie was informed of £he la test cable reports regarding her condition. His Excellency expressed the hope that on reaching Sydney his wife would recover quickly, as die" fared far better on land than on sea. '"I am a king to what I was," he jocularly remarked, and that could well be ima gined, for lie added that when at Meerut his condition was similar to that of the famine-stricken Hin doos. Questioned as to his feelings on returning to Australia, Lord Hopetoim re plied that he was coining hack among old friends, and didn't feel sny diis time- The years lie had spent in Australia were the happiest years of his life, and lie was pleased to be bock again. It was gratifying to find tinat people were so kind -and tihougbtfnl in remenibering one who had left tbem, though only for a time, for tie general rule was that when a man goes he goes for ever. With reference to the feeling m England concerning the Federation of lire Austra lian colonies, Lord Hopetoun said great de light vas felt throughout the United King dom at tie fact that the colonies had en tered into union. When asked if he had a message to send to the people of Austra lia he remarked that 'his message would be to the whole of Australia this time, and not to any one part of it- He added, jocu larly, that he would take care not to quote Kipling, but would consider what message he would send, and he would give it to his interviewer later in tire day. Lord Hopetoun left the following address to the people:— "It is with feelings of pleasure and pnde tioat I greet die people of United Australia. I am very deeply conscious of the heavy responsibility that rests upon my Moul ders in that I have been selected as tine first representative of her Majesty in tSiis great Commonwealth. I regret that I should reaeSi its shores with my healtih. temporarily impaired. I regret also that the serious illness from which she is now .mercifully recovering prevents my wife from sharing in Hie -welcome whidh I know awaits me on landing at the seat of Go vernment. I earnestly trust tftiat by God's blessing we shall both shortly be restored to healtih, and be ablp-to give our best energies, both mental -pgd physical, to the services of the nation we so sincerely re spect and love.' r Surgeon-Major Philsoh. medical adviser in Lord Hopetoun, on being seen, described the Earl's complaint as a severe attack of acute dysentery, which is a very serious malady in India. Lord Hopetoun was very ill when he boarded the steamer at Colom bo, but had improved considerably during the trip. He was still very weak, but was rapidly growing stronger, and was now able to ait out on deck for-a few hours every day. He hoped the Earl would be suffi ciently recovered on hi* arrival! at Sydney to go through his necessary official duties, but he wouH not allow him to participate in socialities for the present. It had been inrerided that the Earl should board the Royal Arthur at Fremantle, but he is con tinuing the voyage, on the recommendation of Major Philson that it would be better for him to proceed to Adelaide on the Vic toria and then tranship to the warship. Surgeon-Major Philson will remain with Lord Hopetoun until his complete recovery from his illness. This morning at 7 aon. the Mayor of Fremantle (Mr. E. Solomon, M.Ti.A.) paid an informal vssfc to the Governor- General on board the Victoria. The following officers attached to the staff of Lord Hopetoun. are on board the Victoria: —Major 6. C. Philson, M.D., me dical adviser; Major the' Honorable C. Wil kragUby, military "secretary; Mr. C. 6. L. Gore, secretary; Captains B. Corbett and S. Dnff, aides-de-camp. Shortly after 10 o'clock the Administrator ?*f thp Opvornnwnt (SirtAlex. Onslo-w), the Premier (Sir John i'orrestjjj the Preadent of the Legislative Council (Sir George Shen ton), and the Speaker (Sir J. Lee-Steere), witih a Ministerial party, called on his Ex cellency, and extended a cordial welcome to West Australia. Tie visit was of a purely informal nature, and took tfce shape of a quiet conversation on deck, his Excellency desiring that no function should be held on account of the state of (his health. As the Victoria swung out about 11.45 a.m., there was a large crowd at the quay, and when still there was but a short dis tance betiiveen the vessel and -the throng the Governor-General elect appeared at tihe rail of i%e steamer. Sir John Forrest imme diately led a rousing cheer for Lord Hope toun, and another was given for Lady Hopeioun. . Lord Hopetoun smiled and bowed his acknowledgment. When silence was restored, Lord Hiopetoun said— "l hope tiha* I will come to see you very soon. I hope that I Willie in better form then than I am now." TBe Governor-General elect then called for cheers for "United Australia," and these were iheartily given by Che crowd, after which Lord Hopetoun wished the peo nie of West Australia good-fcye, and disap peared fioan the rail. At 12.50 p.m. the last Jjnes were cast off, the steamer was promptly swung round with tier head to sea, ?hearty cheers were given, in which the Premier led off, and the las*t for some time was seen of our first Go vernor-General. The Eoyal Arthur left at 10 o'clock and the Victoria at I o'clock. Melbourne, December 6. The Lieutenant-Governor to-day dis pattehed tJie following telegram to Lord Hopetoun at Fremantle: — "Victoria's warmest welcome to your Excellency as well as my own. I trust earnestly that your health is now restored. The people of Victoria have every confidence that, so far as the Governor-General can compasp the realisation of our high and anxiouJ hope and expectation of the Common wealth, you will effect it." The Premier yesterday telegraphed to Fremantle, wel coming Lord Hopetoun to Australia on be iiasf of Victoria, and expressing the hope that his ttealth had been restored. The Governor-General replied to-day as follows: —"Most grateful for kind telegram. Am slowly but surely recovering. Wannest re gards to Victoria/ 