by mrs c. n..Williamson. author of 'tils Grace," "The Secret of I J>hC H“llae fay the Loch," T>»S^6'"<*’r'"'C?t 1°‘lrt’” "A 1111 tlom the UarK, hortunc s Sport,*' "The News I paper Girl," Etc.; Etc. 0HAiJT]2H • X.—‘(Pontlnucd.) nuireoij. ciinoslng Ills own direction lettlnp Kate lend 1,1m ns ho wou ' Sio turned towards the Embassy, walk ing fast. It lmd bunn earlier, though BO much darker, that whiter night. He bad come out from the Embassy from *hat door there, ami he had passed ns ?:isslnK how, and then foot steps .bad come tapping after him - n .woman s hand had toilclied his arm_ ® ,if })h ‘houBht had materialised he itenn n'"' I '!ni,nd nhr,,ln. quid V,nlcV\ ,1,,d a hn'':' 0n hlR him you'’’^1 Stnm>' oh Heaven, it’s He turned. A woman In a dnrk plain dress was at his side, and, panting With the haste she had made, was fum »llng tremulously to untie a heavy veil thatmasked her face. With a wrench she tore It off, and looked 1,1m In the '£we3' ^ at range, fateful thrill crept Through his veins. He scei'hod to have »>ocn sent here by an Influence more po tent than his own mood—for this. His tory had repeated itself, fop here, where ghe had rim after him befoiy, where he bad come In memory of that nlijht, SJonny Wood had followed him once Her plump figure was not ns plump as it had been, and her face, sharpened In outline, j,'loomed pale as a. sliver coin in The 'twilight. 1 “I went to the Embassy to ask for ffou,;’ the woman said, stammering. They told, me you were gone away—to dtaly, that you wem't coming back again. I felt ns If someone hnd struck tnd In the face, for I'd hoped so much. Al^d - nil my strength seemed gone, so that I could hardly crawl along. Then J paw you walking fast ahead of me. Bust where I’d seen you before. Being just as you had before, Bo J -ran and caught you, while It felt as if It must he part of a dream. And you, sir—why, It might be your ghost!” "I think it.ia my ghost, Jenny,” Tris tram said, ‘with a sad pretence at a ramlli?. “And you—you came after me 5n a ghostly way, as if your spirit had foeen. sent in answer to my thoughts. iYou look white enough to be one. too." “We’re both changed, sir,” Jenny ■answered, timidly. "Perhaps—partly— Tor the same cause,” “That means that you loved her. You Itnow I did,” Tristram said, not think ing of Jenny as a servant, but as a wo man who had been loyal to Mary. “But Why had you come to find me? I had Often wondered what became of you— after that night. You seemed to have •(disappeared. “That’s just It, sir; I did disappear,” ^returned- Jenny, mysteriously. 