TEE ALLEGED, ROMANISM IN TEE ANGLICAN OHUROE. to tiib editor. Sir,— Mr Worrell's letter under tho Above heading in your issue of Tuesday contains two distinob mis-statements. (1) "Mr Ropor has at fast aoknowlodgod that thoro is a Romanising -party within tho Ohnroh of England." 1 made this statement clearly a month ago, in my letter of Juno 12. (2) "Tho spoech which the Rov Mr Wayn was prevented from dollvortngin the, Synod." Mr Wayn spoke without without lot or hindranco from the Bishop or anyone else, and his seconder likowleo, as appears from tho re port iu "Tho Christian Record." It must bo a bad causo whioh needs this kind of support. Tho letter divides Hseif Into two parts, ono which deals with tho charges against tho Bishop, the other more strictly with the bonding. I will lake these in ordor. Yuur correspondent wilfully ignores facts in oharglng mo with inconsistency. I havo from tho firsb con sistently objeotcd to the disoussloq- of abstract theological questions in the press, notified from time to tirao my disapproval of his method of introducing thorn, and avoided them myself as far as possiblo. I began tho correspondence to disprovo charges mado by him against the Bishop in a published sermon. I havu offered In diamine fh(\ ntln.r nmictinnu flfc mv houso, but this offer he alternately makes fun of and protends to acoopt. Had ho honestly desired to discuss thorn ho would havo accoptod my invitation in the Bpirlt in whloh it was given. I havo suggested a fair wayjjf sottling tho ques tion at Isauo, which ho declines In terms whioh are a gross insult to tho mombors of Synod, of whom he onco posed as tho champion. That body consists, first, of all tho Anglican olurgy of Tasmania, who aro equal at least in education, probity, and faithfulness to the ministers of any other denomination iu the Colony; secondly, of a larger nnmbcr i f laymen oleotod freely by all tho parishes, number ing among them many of the loading men' of Tasmania. These gentlemen your correspondent considers unfit to deoido on a simple question of fact — whothor the president was or was not on a given occa sion guilty of an arbitrary act which robbed thom of the right of free speeoh 1 Had anyone dared to briug a charge half co gross against " ono of tho conferences which govern Mothodism " ho would have been greeted with howls of execration. However, I suppose ono need not bo sur prised at anything from ono who has publioly made unfounded oharges, and is at his wits' end to support thom. In his deaporatlon I soo he has dragged up again tho ghosts of some of the arguments which have boon demollshod in former lottcrs, adding ono fresh one. I have nob seen any writings of the late. Archdeacon HaleB on tho question. I know ho onco wrote on behalf of prayers for tho dead. But, oven supposing he hadtakonMr..Worrall'a view of tho case, I may point out that he was not present at tho time, and, therefore, can hardly bo appealed to as a witness. Since Mr Worrairs memory seems to bo short, let me remind him of the manner of tho death of his former arguments: (1) Mr Worrall has. beon challenged to prove that Mr Wayn re signed hccHuao tho Bishop troajtod him arbitrarily, and has not done so. If ho could It would only prove Mr Wayn's opinion ono among over a hundred. (2) Captain de Hoghton clearly stated his roasous for resigning, i.e., the treatment ho believed himself to havo received at the hands of certain loadiug members of; Synod the day beforo. (3) I have shown unanswerably that' tho report, in '! The Christian Record" gives no ground for a charge of arbitrary action. I now turn to the part of tho letter whioh is moro correctly expressed by tho heading. It is mostly a labored proof of what I have already twico acknowledged — that there is a minority of extremists who may bo callod Uoraanisers in the Church of England. I will remark briefly on the citations. (1) Your correspondent gives a somewhat garbled version of the cole- ,bratcd petition of 1873, signed by 483 priests out of over 20,000 i I extract tho following from tho toxt of tho potitlon Thoy pray for certain additions to the Prayer Book— not of new .doctrines, but which "would tend to the cnunclatiou in tho formularies of the Church of Eng land, of certain doctrines whloh . . . are in oxacb accordance with the formu laries of tho Church of England, and have oven been recently affirmed (with whatever amount of nuriiority) hy the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council to bo nob repugnant thereto." -Now, , this very small minority were evidently of opinion (rightlyorwrongly)thatthelr views wore in accordance with the toachingof tho Church of England. . And they were sup ported in this opinion by recent decisions of the highest court in Englaud. I think even our friend 'Mr Worrell will hesitate to charge tho Judical Oommitteo of the Privy Council with Romanising to many to hear, that any Anglican clergy man swore to regard tho "mass" as a blasphemous fable I Is your correspon dent aware that "mass" is the old English name for the Sacrament . of the,. Lord's; Supper 1 That saorement is, of course, one and tho same thing wherever it Is celebrated, in Russia, iu EngUnd, or in Italy, though tho mannor of ceromouinl accompanying it may vary in different times gnd different places. (3) Tho Older of Corporate Reunion was a ridicu lous fraud, and ha9 been repudiated by the whole " Ritualist " party. One of Its !" bishops" was expelled from the English 'Church Union for professing to oonfor holy orders. Tho present Arohbishop of Canterbury has stated that tho story of. 800 clergy having, boon ordained by bishops of tho O.O. R. "is a ridiculous invention, with not a fragment of truth in it." (4) The Association for tho Pro motion of tho Unity pt Christendom has for its abstract object what, all faithful Christiana are bound by their Lord's ex ample to pray for. It docs not holdsit- i self responsible for tho-statementa whloh appear in "Tho Union Roview." A few contributors may havo let thoir desire to minimise differences run away with their judgment. But, even supposing tho whole of the members (about 10, 000,. I be- lieve, at present) approved — which certainly, is most unlikely — aro ithoy- not a .most insiguificant minority, i compared with- tho millions of Anglic ns liu tho' tJnltcd Kingdom. It was In tho .cause of Christian /Unity that Lord : Halifax, Mr Licey, and "Fathor". Puller wont to Rome, not' wth any design to Romanise the English 'Church. So far from wishing to suppress the faot, I con sider it' is to the oredit of the English Obureh Union that. It was willing to exnend its funds in' furtherance of that object. . I have treated Mr Worrell's citations at greater length, 'than they deserve, hut they illustrate excellently tho tuctics of those who aro trying to sow dissension -and stir up a strife among members of the Anglican Communion. It is a moat dishooest method to fasten on tho utterances of a fow extremists and put these forward as representing the views of all. As to thoro being any snch Romnnislug extremists among tho Tea- manian olergy, Mr Worrall' has amply justified what I said. He was a very AohlUea of denuuoiation as lung m ho could shelter hlmBelf undor vague and general Insinuations. When invited to come out; into the open and name names he collapses altogether. I do not wonder he finds it hud to prove what does not exist. The la9t session of Synod was the soeno of several warm discussions, but nothing transpired to show that any of the, olergy, in dootrino or worship, transgress, tho rules of the Prayer Book. The Dean was ohargod with overstepping these rutes in one particular, bub triumphantly vindicated himself. I kuow all about tho story of the. wafer, and can give it the most absolute denial. . Mr Worrell asks mo three questions, to whioh I have muoh . pleasure in replying. (1) I do not ; know enough of tho Confraternity of the BleBsed Sacra ment to form an opinion. . (2) Every jrayer, whether for, UWog or dead, derives to efficacy from tho one offering. (3); I most unhesitatingly reject the olaim of Papal infallibility. In conoluBion, if Mr Worrell will take the troublo to inform himself from reliable sources of the fruit of the Oatholio Revival,, her- will see the analogy between It and the Evangelical Revival. This would be. more Christian than gloating over alt the blunders which tho ingenuity of enemies oan colleot. In hundreds'of churches in England, and in tho colonics, especially In the great cities, a magnificent work is belng dono. In the congregations worshipping therein are thousands who havo boon delivered from intemperance, vice, degradation, infidelity, and brought to tho feet of the Saviour by the ministry of Ritualists. If your oorre- epondent could soe the work done by these. self-denying, saintly men among t-bu poor, the outosst and tho fallen, he would go down on his knees and ask God'o pardon for the foul slanders he has written In. your oolumns.— I am, &o.; JAMES 8. ROPER. The Vioarage, Sheffield, July 18,. P.S.— - Your correspondent has eridently complete faith In say consistency when be offers to pay £6 if I- will logically support ray theory : of prayers for the doad, <&o.; T. have given my reasons for not entering on' this subject quite plainly, and he would be the first to oharge me with inconsist ency if I departed from my resolutiou.— J.S.R. 