A Visitor from another world. An awful night's experience. I would not spend another such a night Though 'twere to buy a world of happy days. Shakespeare.— -E. Richard III., Act 1, Sc. IV. CHAPTER I. WITH pen in hand and a fair page before me, I hesitate. Shall I, or rather, can I, tell this story ? Not only does it touch mo closely, bat it shames me. It is torrible : I alone know how terrible. And it is so recent that it seems but last night — no longer. I will tell it. Yes, I will tell it all. What shall I lose by doing so ? A little of the present dread, porhaps, that weighs upon me — nothing more. If anything can relax the tension of my nerves it will surely be the writing down of tho n*Ue(1thfeftnct9 ,™ 'K. J'^lpterclmnnce'''tiro' horrid' remem bronco ? ?._;fl- oo-u-o to blacken my ovory dream. : Only one living person besides myself knows why silver streaks havo so rapidly appeared in my hair. Evelyn Jlerritt is that one, and she urges mo to toll out the ghastly tale. And indeed tho world may hoar it now, for it can harm nobody. The night was that of the Merritts' ball. lSvolyn is an old schoolfellow of mine, who, till the houso was burnt down six weeks ago, lived at Ashington Hull, in Derbyshire. Happening to bo in tho neighbourhood, I was invited this autumn to their annual danco. ' And you must stay the night, dear,' Evelyn had added, 'for goodness knows '-vhen we shall break up.' From my childhood I havo loved dancing, ?uid I am as keen on it now as ever. But, sad to say, I have reached an ago (thirty noxt birthday !) when one haB sometimes to liear tho mortification of seeing oneself shelved in favour of children in thoir teens, who ought to be in the schoolroom. A woman unused to posing as n. wall-flowor linds it hideously unpleasant to be com polled to stand aside. But I havo too much spirit to cave in at once and decline invita tions. At some balls, I romind myself, dancing offers come in brisker than in others. And so, always hoping for the best, I have my hair dressed in a fresh style, chooses younger frock, and try my luck again. That evening, at the Morritts, fortune seemed cruel. Introductions were few, . but that was no disgrace. The sting lay in being coolly overlooked by men whom I knew. Truly I did not feel proud as I stood in a conspicuous place and fingered my programme. How lovely Evelyn looked 1 She is younger than I, and a man's girl every inch. 1 dorft think I was jealous of her, but I Yawned behind my fan, and gloomed mourn fully an the room 611ed— but not my card. The gueat pie was not well proportioned ; there was too little ham for the quantity of veal. Qirls were thick, and men scarce. The aight was a pretty one — it always Is — hut when one's feelings are hurt one's ad .miring capacity is reduced. ' Butterflies and blRck beetles I1 I said. 'How on earth can a man be content to be turned into an exaggerated Stigginr. with the front corners cut out, instead of dressing as they knew how to in Ujo last century ?' I wsb speaking, for fault of a bottor listener, to a shy, gawky ohild-giant — the iiort of companion wall-ffowors find. She giggled. 1 sighed and strangled another yawn. This kind of thing was not inspiriting. I began to wish myself at home, and to make resolves for the future. I had done bo once before. Just then a waltz ended, and a stream of flushed, girls glided past mo, each on her partnor's arm. Of courso, I smiled gaily at those I knew, and glanced at my list with a casual air. Names on it wero as scarco as money in a poor-houso, but positivoly I was engaged for tho noxt — provided my partner did me the honour to turn up. Thank heaven ho did. And to Bpite him, myself, and creation, I danced it right through, and felt bottor. By the end we wore . both panting, but I had the joy of walking out with him past a wistful group of un appropriated maidens. Wo sat on the etairs, and talked tho usual bosh. Was ho going to the Hc-ilons' Fancy Dress ? No ; Tin hadn't the luck to know them. Hud I eeen the pantomime ? Yes ; didn't think muoh of it. And so on, through the bunting topic and the skating topic, till a distant squeak of music gave warning of the coming lancers. ' Can I 6nd your partnor for you ?' ' No, thanks, I hate a square dance. I think I won't go back into the hot room yet. It's far pleasantor here.' 'He Bmirked, and shot away. Very likely he saw through my unconventional request. Well, I didn't care. I was tired of my position in the ball-room, Iabolled ' Loft.' What I like is to danco, and talk, and be ?miled at. The next three hops were blank) ; it was sickening I If Evelyn noticed it — and aho was sure to question me — ah» would bution-hole some nnhi'-'sy youth. That I could not endure. I wasn't .built that way. ' Therefore I would not exhibit raymlf. 5fb» suixi) w«r» now practically empty, J would Bteal up to my room, and, sitting snugly by tho fire, forgot my age anrt injuries in tho railway novol I had loft un finished. No ono need evor know ; I might even win tho credit of a quiet Bpoon. A 'mash' is very nice indeed. What do you think ? My little room was nearly at the top of the house. On tho first flight of stairs I disturbed two brace, on the second, one, and then I supposed I had got clear of, fellow creatures. With half-angry relief I whisked round tho noxt corner— to find myself mistaken ! My escape was not yet perfect. About five steps further up a young man was leaning nuuinst the wall. I rather believe I should lmve retreated post haste like the lioers do when they smell General Roberts approaching— had ho mil, sighted me. Uur eves met, and u tvneor. m-l»qeril-- aDfo thrill mado my very nnyers Imglu. lla was a stranger, however, and I prepared to walk coolly past him. What business hud he to bo shirking tlm ball-room? There must bo a girl iii the place. For bo 'was remarkably handsome ; I could sco that cvon in the dim light. Two brilliant eyes shone out of a thin faco with a complexion iranRiiiirent to delicacy. In tho Bamu glance an explanation of his con cealment bore occurred to mo. Apparently by some error ho had donned fancy dreau. I could distinguish tho long brocaded vest and velvet knee-breeches, the lace frills, and satin coat of tho early eighteenth century. Tho costume was a thousand timos more becoming than the ordinary study in black and whito. Still, 1 could well understand tho man's bashfulness and hatred of singularity. As I reached him he spoko and bowed. ' Pardon mo, madam, I did not think to be discovered hero.' His worda came slowly and with hesita tion. At ouce I set him down as a foreigner. ' Nor did I expect to find anyone 1 Gentlemen aro wanted in the ball-room ; aren't you going down ?' , ' Madam, I think not.' ' Oh, that's a pity.' I spoke for the sake of speaking, he was gazing so intently into my face. Then I took another stop towards my room, but I was not yet to reach it. ' And you, too, Madam, are a deserter ?' he asked. ' Well, yes,' I acknowledged, and paused. Then I turned again away. ' What, so hasty ? Ah, dear madam, will you not a little while bear mo company ?' I looked at him before replying. He was certainly extromely handsome, and there was a plaintive strain in his low roflnod voice that attracted me wonderfully. He Boomed unable to take his eyes off my faoe. Since I liked him, what matter that we had not been introduced ? I nmilod as I slowly ? All right j I don't mind. We may aa well sit down on the stair in the approved fashion. There's one advantage in this remote spot, no one's likely to want to gut obovo us 1' I seated myself while speaking, and looked for him to take his place beside mo, but ho wasn't having any. ' Madam, I crave your forgiveness if I Btantl.' I looked up and laughed. A nice masher, I thought to myself. ' As you choose, of course. But it io awfully embarrassing — worse than in the drawing-room. You towor above me like a guardian angel,' I said. Ho smiled, but not sweetly. On the con trary there was a grimness in the expression at that moment that perplexed mo. The Bmilo faded, and I was glad. 'It's sinful not to join tho dancers,' I babbled out. ' That you've nut on fancy dress is no excuse. Everyone will seo at a glanco that you got mixed between this and the Heatona' of noxt Thursday. Wasn't that the mistake ?' ' Yes,' ho said, and smiled again. ' Well, then, is that your only reason for hiding up hero ?' ?Not altogether. These many, many years I have not lived in Kngland, and your manner of talking is difficult to mo.' ' Ah, 1 fancied yon were a foreigner. But wliat does that signify ? People will find you mi nitiflh tho morn interesting. And you spcuk oxcellmil Knglish, I ansuro you.' ' Madam, it is because in your society I feel at caso. Ho wore a Bony fool who would break away from it. Do you doBiro a ball-room ? Aa for me, I am happier here. Happior reading in your face the faith and goodness which I seek and seldom find.' My cheeks burned. Curiosity and sym pathy blendod with my bashfulness. As a rule I flatter myself on being oloquent in small talk, but on this occasion words did not flow. My companion continued — ' Did you but know how I -worship faith and goodness, nay, adokk them — \C— you I Alas, madam, which should I say ?' Until this moment he had Bounded fax leu unoortain of bli language than at first, and had he not now added the question, hU deep, emphatic aaraestni*' would h»T» oioda ns nervous and uncviuivriable. ? Oh, certainly ' them,' I rejoined, stealing another glance at his face. The lustuous eyes wero Btill bent upon me, Mb Bkin ap peared paler and clearer than ever. How could I feel offended with what a man said who looked so ill and seemed bo lonoly ? 'Aro you staying near horop I asked quickly, to turn tho conversation. ? Yes, and yet again, no. My place of abode is not in this vicinity. And my time is not at my own disposal. But what I can I spend in this houso, for it is home-like to me. I am, as ono might say, a relative of the Morritts. But I do not know them well ; it is with other mombers of the family I have been moro familiar, for of late I have visited them little,' ho added, with a sigh. A bitter draught from somewhere caught my bare neck and arms. I shivered ?lightly, and it reminded me of a fresh subject. ' Winter seems to be setting in. I expect you find our climate miserable' ' On the contrary, madam, I find it agree ably refreshing. It is a chango— a great change from tho temperature of my— ah, my home. That, I may say, errs on tho side of excessive warmth.' I Whereabouts is it ? I daresay I should enjoy it. I always fancy I should love the Equator.' He started visibly, and an expression I could not rend passed over his face. Had he foisted some hidden meaning upon my wordB? I could have bitten off my silly tongue. I hurried madly on lest he should speak. ' But no doubt it is trying ; you look rather delicate.' I 1 suffer some pain, but there is no disease. And it will not kill me. I am further from dying than I ever was.' He spoke with extraordinary confidence. If with truth his looks belied him. Still, I had heard of the quenchless hope of a phthisical patient and could not feol happy. ? You havo been examined by a doctor ?' ' To bo candid, madam, I doubt the ability of the faculty to do so. You think I am in a consumption ? Not so. I may rather in'i-hups bo compared to a cortain famous liurning Bush. Ha, ha ! But I thank you for your gentlo anxiety. It is very sweet to me.' His laugh had the strangest effect ; it made me tremble. Tho tendorness of the words that, followed only partially reassured ' I think I ought to go down again now ; its nuruiy fair to une b purtiiwrtj i-u iiiuu here.' 1 Ah, no, no, no !' he cried in the low, vehement tone he had used before. ' Stay, madam, I implore — I beseech you ! MuBt I say moro ? If you could but know how much, how very much, I want you to stay. Believe me, I need you. Do I appear to mock when I Bwoar you aro more to me than all the world beside ? Ir there not a subtle affinity between us ? Was I deceived when I fancied the olectrical thrill which throbbed through my being at tho siyht of you mot with a response in your own soul ? Speak, my goddess, speak, I entreat you ! Tell me I am right.' The concentrated passion in his voice awed me ; the suddenness of the appeal staggered and confused me. But my common sonse revolted. What did I know of him, or he of mo? Not so much as the name. It w»a raah, wildly imprudent. And yet — and yet 1 He waa right. I had folt the subtle affinity of which he spoke. It was absurd, ridiculous I Nevertheless, down in my heart of hearts I knew I already loved him. His woiiIb woro unutterably freciouB to me. But I dared not to agree, could not contradict. So I kept silence. I let him murmur on the broken, ardent sentences that mado my he.irl beat high and my face glow with a proud shame. Yob, we had loved each othor at first sight. ' Preposterous !' cried common sonse. ' I know it,' replied my laughing heart. ' Mad fool !' said common sense. ' But happy fool,' rojoined my heart. And throughout that hour this strange, now-found lover of mine did not offer so much as to touch my hand. Had he done Bo I would not have resisted, but I loved him all tho better for tho self-control under lying this abstinence. We talked no more of climato and people. I don't think we talked much at all. Bnt tho time slid by, and I only know I was beside him who had suddenly become closer, dearer to me than evor man before or since. Sudden ? Oh, yeB ; it was very sudden. What of that ? Am I the first ? All thifl tiiuo tho dan™ wan proceeding. Tho supper punned unheeded by two people at least, who wero sublimely oblivious of Biioh worldly concerns. Who wants suppor that lias the sweotcst thoughts, and looks, and tonos, to feed upon ? At length tho rustling of many dresses and tho high chirr of many womon'B voices came up to us, and onco moro time forced itsolf upon my consciousness. ' The dance must bo over,' I oried. ' Guy, dear' (we had got bo far), 'I dare not answer you at once. You say you are spending the night here ; so am I. Only wait till to-inorrow morning for a definite reply. . . Yob, I do care for yon, but the queition is bo great — ao vital. You must let me think alone. Leave me I I am not asking muoh. Give me a few hours In which to realise my own feeling!. Good night, dew Guy.' 7 And good night to 70s, bj acort't » ? . / queen !' And he had gone, with never a kiss or a hand-press. Trombling, dazed, but withal blissful, I hurried down, to hear Evelyn asking every whoro what had become of me. She flew at me when I appeared ' Oh, you Bly puss I You've been sitting out with a vengeance I Now, it's no use fibbing to mo, for your blushes will own it as fast aB you deny it. It's positively shook ing, but if you have managed to enjoy yourself, that's tho chief thing. Nearly aU the folk have gone ; as soon as we nave packed off the last we'll away to by-by. Hasn't it been successful? Every one is congratulating us. And though it's I saya it as shouldn't, the ices were really cold, and tho soup waa really hot I' CHAPTER II. I walked upstairs with my arm linked in Evelyn's, trying, but failing, to listen to her gay gossip. My head was in a whirl. What was real? What was imaginary? Whore and who was Guy? If Evelyn would but coaae her prattle and speak of him ! Had nobody missed him ? Was he of so littlo account ? I felt indignant on his bohalf yot I would not mention him. ' . . . and to my knowledge she gave him six danceB. No wonder poor old Jim was green !' Wo had reached my room and Evelyn had thrown herself down into an eaBy chair. I dropped into an opposite one. ' It s too abominably late to stop up,' she announced, laughing. 'I think wo've quizzed everyone now. But, I say, you naughty girl ? ' I interrupted her. I knew what was coining, and I didn't want it. I desired that, eho should name Guy herself, and I tried to forco it. ' Did all whom you expected turn up, Evelyn V ' Yes. At least I didn't miss anybody.' Then Guy must have scon Kvelyn and excused himself to her. But why did sbo not mention him ? Could it bo — oh, could it — that she, too, cared for him ? I had fancied her heart was set on another man, but there's no reckoning on girls. Whore they aro most secret the danger lies. Evelyn chattered on, and I dimly heard of someone looking ' perfectly sweet ' in a ravishing eau-denil brocade. Thon she abruptly exclaimed — ' But you haven't given me a report of your evening. Who had tho nerve to monopolise three- fourths of it ?' ' Never you mind ! ' It's aeky,' as the children say. But Fve enjoyed myself hugely.' ' How mysterious we are ! I must un earth it somehow. Glad you've had a good time ! Sloop well.' And with a butterfly kiaa and a merry laugh Evelyn vaniahed. She loft mo no wiser concerning Guy. But after all, why should I want to know moro than that he loved me ? Tho business side ? Bother tho business ! If I am near thirty, my faith and sentiment aro not extinct. I was ready to chance tho business side. Ho was honourable. I would have staked my life on that ; and nothing else mattored. I was not penniless, nor, I felt Biire, was ho. , Yes, I was happy and content — too happy j ^to sleep. I was ready for bed, had blown I my candle out, and had combed my hair in the fitful fire-light for a full half hour. Nothing was left in the grate but a layer of glowing oindors. I fidgeted them about with the ' curate ' poker, as I went over and over in my mind my too brief conversation with Guy. ' A good night to you, my heart's queon I1 How sweetly those parting words rang in my head. ' Yes, Guy,' I murmured, ' this is indeed a good night to me.' How silly I Those two embers were hot really like Guy's brilliant eyes, but they had conjured up that pale and striking face before me with wonderful vividness. What a faco it was I His smile only had jarred upon me aa not beautiful, and I declare it hold a fascination in its bitterness. Doubt less ho had gono through fiery trouble, of which I should hear, and it had left its trace. My poor Guy I A cinder dropped on to the hearth and died. I shivered involuntarily, and stirred the coals afresh. But tho pokor seemed only to kill tho firo now, and I laid it aside. I started. Somebody bad entered the room.' I folt rathor than heard that I was no longer alone. It was with a feoling akin to terror that I turned round, though I know not what I expected. CIoro bosido mo stood Guy I He was still, I could faintly perceivo, in tho ruffles, and brocade of a Georgian gallant. My heart leaped into my throat. In tho dull rod gloom his face stood out- in ghastly pallor. What did ho mean by this ? His conduct was exceedingly wrong, and I must show him that I thought it so. In trombling amazement I arose, blushing painfully. ' Leave this room at once,' I commandod ; 1 you have no business whatevor to come here, and you must bo aware of it. Had I conceived it possiblo ? ' ? Ah, but you did not know me, seraphic one. I forgive you ere you ask it. Come, ?eat yourself and talk with me again as you did erttwhilo. How could I absent myself from you when I lore ? ? With »n effort I hed regarded my ipwvb. ' Oo tbx moment, air I Is is entngwo*. MutlrMffttebe&f; The bellrope hung by the bedsid*. I advanced towards it. His figure moved between me and the fire. AND THROUGH IT I SAW THE EED COALS I All in an instant I realised that it waa no man. With a convulsion of horror I olutohed tho bellpull in my shaking hand. But It was before mo. I saw the long white fingers touch the rope above my head as if It, too, would ring. Immediately the cord broke, and I found but the end and tassel in my grasp. I fell back with an attempt to shriek, but for a minute two gleaming orbs seemed to paralyse me. ' What a misfortune I We cannot sound an alarm. But at least 1st us make the best of it.' '' I rushed to the door with a screaming sob. But that terrible hand had rested on the handle before I could reach it. It was instantly withdrawn, but when I touched the knob it tumbled on tho floor. Shuddering and helpless I sank to the ground. The figure stood over mo, and I believed my last hour had conic. Could it bo that I had loved this loathly thing ? In exceeding terror and hatred 1 sought to covor my faco with my hands. And I could not. Those glittering oyes wero burning their way into my soul. And they held me. Slowly the figure bent down over mo. I could not stir a finger. Thon it kissed me on tho lips ; and it was as if a red-hot iron wero pressed upon them — or an icicle, I know not which. I prepared to die. In capablo of utterance, with a final mighty effort I traced with my fingor tho Sign of the Cross. There was a hellish groan, indescribable in the intensity of its horror. That waB all. . . Tho awful It had gone, and I was alono— a prisoner. A dizziness Beized mo and 1 all but fainted. Then slowly, silently, the door swung open on its own accord. Fresh terror spurred mo to action, and lent me strength and speed. I fled from tho room and along the dark deserted passages, not knowing whither J went. Suddenly I ran up against a belated maid servant with a ramllfi. Before she cmilil go into hysterics I inquired sharply for Evolyn's room. Sho pointed it out to mo. I burst in. Evelyn was asluep. I filing mysolf beside her and clung to her, sobbing and crying like a child. It was a long while bofore 1 was able to toll her in broken snatches what I had gono through. She wrapped her arms around 1110, kisRed me, and held me tight. But she said not a word. A horrid dread flashed across 1110. 'Evelyn, say you believe me. If yon think me mad, I shall become so — or die.' ' My poor darling, believe you ? Of course I do. Have I not reason to ?' she muttered under her breath. I sprang up. ' Why, Evelyn, have you Been him— It ? Who— what is ho ? If you love me, toll mo everything.' -.. ? Will you not wait until to-morrow T 'Oh, no, no. Tell mo now. I fool I must know all. Sleop? I think I shall never sloep again. Only keep tight hold of me. Thank heaven you aro flesh and blood, Evelyn !' There was silonco for a minuto. Then she spoke, slowly but stoadily. ' It iR the ghost or Guy Morritt. I hove j novor seon him, but otliciR havo. Thoy say I he is the curae of our family, but of late the appearances have been bo rare that the tale bid fair to become a mere legend. Ho is an ancestor of ours who lived in George I.'b reign, and was so bad a man folk called him ' The Devil's Squire.' ' 1 How do you mean ? A murderer ? A robber ?' ' Yes, for he robbed girls' souls of faith and slew their purity. He left behind him many a shameful monument. Whon only thirty ho died in the midst of his debauchery. Tradition Bays ho possessed a strange, irre sistible fascination ? ' I clutched Evelyn tighter, and my teeth chattered as she said these words. Noticing it, she hastened on — ' Well, that is all. With his dying breath he boasted of hiB imponitenco, and passed away claiming the dovil as his liego lord. Sinco that day his wicked spirit, clothed as of old, has from time to time haunted this houso, as if Booking — oh, my dear I — to drag others after him.' Slowly the daylight crept in, and found us quivoring in each other's grasp — I, haggard and deathlike, with a largo whito blister upon my lip. This, a door knob, and a yard of bollropo, were the sole traces of my hellish visitant. But the horror of that awful night is upon me still. HB WA8 A BTRAHQEB, HOWBVER, AND 1 FBKPARED TO WALK COOLLY PA8T HIM. 