Original Novel . I Little Maori Waif BY E. DOIDGE, Author of 'Father and Son,' 'The Daughters of Eve'— a tale of tho Maori War ; ' The Mystery of Mervellien,' ' Marian ' Gonisby,' ' Fiwee,' Daughter of Taranui,' &o.; Ann Rights Rbsbbtkd. ' CHAPTER XI, — (COKHKUED). 'I did not wish to leave you, dear Lady Merlin.' ' I heard you say twioe this morning how inviting the sunshine looked. You are quite at liberty to go.' 'Then, if you pleaBe, iBhallgoand lie down for an hour ; then it will be easier to keep awake during the night. 'As if I kept you awake daring the . .night! . I .am sure you (slept well enough .j laBt night ; I had to awakep yon three times for my medicine. I never knew suoh u ' 'woman to sloop ! But do go now. as I ' really' cannot endure ao muoh talking:' Miss Hamilton forebore even to argno ; : and -Rama felt sorry for her. Under other .oiroumstancea she would have fired up ; but t. the quiet and enduring spirit of resignation, whioh she read in her erstwhile governess's V eyes, appealed to her. . ' Come,' she said, ' and I will show you the medioino, aud tell you wheu it is to be given.' > On a table, at the further end of the ..room, was what looked like an amatenr . ohemist'a shop. Bottles of effervesoents, ' medioinal water, , alkalis, preparations of bi carbonate and potash, oitrio and tartaric . acids, and aromatic tineturea in ammonia and lavender. ' Miss Hamilton,' oriod the petulant old lady", J one would suppose you were giving ' instructions for the treatment of a Hospital \- full of patients I Do yon suppose Rama \- .can. possibly remumber one half of all you \- are telling her? Do you intend that she ( . shall take the oase out of the doctor's hand ?' I beg you not to distress yourself. Yon , know that it would not do to have any mis- ' takes in your medioine ?' 'As though there oould ho any mistake! Is not every bottle marked, and the 5; quantities ? I suppose Rama's eyesight is aotlmpaired, and that she has not forgotten _ how t'o read.' . Then the faithful companion left the 7 room, wondering how long it would ho 'i before she would he as impatiently sum- \- moned bb she was thus summarily dls- ji. missed; , how long it would be before the n leak- enduring spirit of Rama would revolt "against the gouty sufferer's ill- humors, aud : almost unbearable querulousuess. " : ' ' Sit hire, Rama, You, at least, will not '. bore me; when Miss Hamilton is not sadly s, stupid, she is oontrary. It has ooourred to » me, iwhile 1 have been lying here raoked , with pain, that perhaps I,' should have shown yon ruoro consideration, child, when ' you were so long and olosely associated with : Mm Hamilton. I had not realised how really provoking it is possible for her to be.' \- > c 'You must not think that, dear Lady ; . Merlin. I assure you MisB Hamilton was always very patient and long- Buffering with me.' ' Pull down that blind, the sun is shining right aoross my bed.' \- Rama did as requested . .1 « No, I do not like that. Put it np again ; J open a newspaper and lay it over the foot- rail. The dootor says the sunshine is the e greatest healer. Oh!' (in a sudden and angry note) ' why did you touch the quilt ? ' -Do you not know my great toe gives mo agony of torment ?' (her foot was in a box). .i '.1 beg your pardon. I was not awaro.' ; . 'Yon should think, then. Can't you see I., how carefully she has arranged the bed clothes, so as not to bear heavily. Pnll the paper a little to tho right. There.' Now sit down. If one thing is more i:i annoying than another it is to see people . standing aimlessly abont a room.' Rama sat down, and was for a few momenta silent. ' Have yon absolutely no conversation ? I sent for yon that 1 might be oheered a ... little in my desolation.' ' I shall bo very glad if I oan entertain you. I assure you.' . 'You did not go to ohuroh on Sunday, ... MisB Hamilton said.' ' Yea, I accompanied 'Mrs Cowan ; wo went to Pon8onby.' "' What took you there?' We went speoially to hear the Rev. Mr \- Totara.' ' Who in the world is he ?' I 'A young clergyman who has reoently .. been ordained. He is a Maori.'. . 'So I should suppose. Yon would not , think of telling me that Campbell ia Sootoh or Mnrphy. Irish, would you ?' You asked who he was.' 'Do not give me any baok answors, Rama. This Totara ia a friend of yonrs, 1 suppose ?' 'I mot him for the first time at Bishop's Conrt. He is very gentlemanly, and tro- . meudously in earnest. I think you would like him, Lsdy Merlin. His lordship thinks a great deal of him.' . 'Does he? Well, it is something to havo .really converted a Maori.' 1 . . 'It is, indeed. Though it is. not an , . ordinary oase oi conversion.' ... i .'How do yon know?' ' I put the question to' Mr Totara.' i. .'.What, you asked him if he was con verted f ' I asked him, rather, whon he was oon- 1 verted.'! ' He mnst havo oonsiderod yon very per sonal, not to siy impertinent.' ' I do not think so.' 1 Well, when and how was he oonverted P 1 He does not quite remember, I think he said ; ho was always good, I should say — always serious, I am sure.' ' 1 trust, if that ia so, you will be at some pains to emulate him.' ' Yes, I think I shall.' 1 Seeing that you are so muoh intereatad in this yonng man, you may invite him to oome here, if you wish.' 1 If you wish it, oertainly, Lady Merlin.' ' I did not say I wished it ' — thic oame almost snappishly, as a tinge of pain shot throngh her stiff joints. It wa"s npon Rama's lips to suggest to the old lady not to be oroes. bat, remembering the infirmities of age and goat, she onrbed her tongue and resolved to endure. Softly she oommiserated and suggested a glass ' of soda. ' 1 am siok of their nostrums ; but I ' will tako a oup of tea.' ' I understood Miss Hamilton to say the dootor only allowed you tea onoe a day.' 'Then I shall take it twise. 1 know without being told what the dootor said. Miss Hamilton interferes more than ia desirable.' < 1 1 am sure she only desires to see yon we$ again. Yonr digestion being so mnoh impaired, tea '— ' 1 Will you foroe me to ring the bell f Tell Miss Hamilton to oome to me at onoe I At onoe, do yon hear ?' ' It is little more than half an hour sinoo she left us to lie down.' 'Do you dare to disobey ' my express commands, girl?' ' I will order the tea, oertainly, and muoh good may it do you,' Rama oould not refrain from murmuring, as she left the room. Shortly afterwards the Bishop's wife was announced, and Rama was permitted to withdraw from the trying ordeal of nursing one of the most exacting viotims whioh the tyrant gont ever marked for its own. The respite was for the space of half-an-hour. Ere that was over Miss Hamilton had joined her; they were spending a few minutes with Mrs Cowan in the reoeption room. ' How oan you endure it ?' feelingly queried that good soul. ' It is a trial of patienoe, no "doubt,' was the reply. 'Bnt I am fairly used to it, yon know, and by patient ondnranoe ' ' Martyr crowns are won, the Bishop says,' broke in the elder lady. 'Miss Hamilton tells me that the day time is pleasant oomparod with the night experience ; if that is the oase, I fear I should not survive one night,' said Rama. ' I oould not keep up, of oourse, were it not. that tho trained nurse oomos at 10 and remains till breakfast time. I do hope the attaok will not last muoh longer.' It did not at that pariionlar time. Three days later Lady Merlin was np and about, better than she had been for years, she deolared, smiling quite oheerily, and reading reaipcooating smiles in all animated nature, oausing even Rama to think that there may bo worse things in the world even than a bad inflammatory attaok of gout. Lady Merlin was even oordial. She lavished unstinted praise on the eareinli unselfish, loving devotion of Miss Hamilton p saw a marked and oommendable change for the better in the general demeanour of her way ward and impetnons prot6g6 ; and so far nnbent — to the aomplete Bnrprisa and pleasure of tbe household— qb to annonnoe that she won.d give a party at Merlin Conrt on tbo following Monday evening. A party at Merlin Court had been unheard of for years. It was a oondeaooneion to the goddeBB of frivolity, of whioh the rigid, austere old lady had not been dreamed capable. And as it was well within a week of the timo when it had been rumored that the devout soul was dangerously ill, sundry people— particularly, perhaps, those not well acquainted with the eccentricities of gout — came to the oonolusion that the reported illness was after all only an old lady's fanoied indisposition. Others, on. receiving tho unwonted invite, playfully suggested they were summoned to make- merry o ver the vanquished enemy — gout. CHAPTER XII. baua's bbtbozhal. The Maoris do not make long oourtships. Rut the oivllised Maori must needs bend to Homo_ extent to the ways of civilization. Safe it ia to say that nowhere, at no time, since the oolonization of New Zealand in 1840, have two individuals, full-blooded Maoris, been more thoroughly oivilised, few more highly eduoated, few more care fully trained than Bama Tuena and Horl Totara. In age and cdnoation they seemed eminently fitted to make a matoh. And there were others beside Bishop Cowan who hope to see them wedded. If tho burden of the story to be told were the wooing of Rama by Totara, the writer wonld dwell here at greater length ; yet this was not the eventful portion of their history. On the evening of Lady Merlin's party it became a matter of' common observation that tho young Maori clergyman was paying marked attention to Lady Merlin's adopted daughter. On that eventful evening, too, the Bishop, who arrived late, and left early, took oeoasion to speak to his host about the matter, and was agreeably surprised, and pleRsed, to find Lady Merlin was of the same opinion as himself ; declaring that it was tbe very thing ; that snoh a matoh would bo heaven-made, and promising, so far from throwing any obstaole in the way, to promote the affair. Matoh-mahing is generally a delightful feminine oconpation : it was a rather new novelty for tho mistress of Merlin Conrt, however. Everybody agreed that Rama was the life of the party. There were oharades of her own devising ; in one she oonverted Totara into the moBt grotesque savage, fishing np in the Maoris' Island home ; in another Hood's pathetio ballad, 'Mary's Ghost,' was por trayed in. anything bat pathotio parts. And above and before all other matters for wonder was the faot that Lady Merlin laughed and applauded, when at any other timo she might reasonably be counted on to condemn. She was young again, ber guests dealared : and suoh was the happiness of her mood that if tho ball-room had boen ready she would not have denied the troup of yonng people u dance. That was indeed suggested, but they had to he satisfied with a promise that on soma foture oeoasion, whon provision was made and thoy oame prepared, their wishes would bo gratified. Amongst tho songsters no ona sang so often or so swootly as Rama ; while a duet by Totara and Rama won unbounded admira tion. Maori legend was interspersed with the claRsioal productions of tho ago. And when tho pleasant evening was over, tho gnosis declared that for years thoy bad entertained absolutely wrong impressions abont tho dignified matron of Merlin Court ; that sho had been wronged in being so generally regarded as an embodiment of hautenr and unbending formality. Totara was for going when iho Bishop's party left, but this he was porsuaded not to do ; and before he left he had a pressing invitation to_ visit Merlin Court often, for the hostess wished to know better one who was so suitable a oompanion for Rama. " % And boforo a week moro had elapsed, Hori Totara had asked, nnd had beoome, the aacepted suitor .for tho hand of Rama Tuena. People said that as Lady Merlin was rioh and had neither child nor near relative, a handsome 'dot ' wonld go with the hand , of Lady Merlin's adopted daughter. Safo it < is to Bay that on no snoh mercenary fiction " 7 the yonng olergyman count. Ho stuv i Rama a winsome and happy- diBpositioned partner in life's journey ; and he was glad when he found that both his Bishop and the young lady's gnordian united in their approval of his suit. At first Rama laughed at him and at the idea of beooming a clergyman's wife, a position she said she was sure eho oould' never satisfactorily fill; but finally sho said she would be Totara'e wife— that on him wonld rest all the responsibility of the momentous undertaking. And thns it was in the oapaoity of Rama's fianch that Hori Totara was a regular visitor for several weeks to Merlin Court ; and as his staid and sterling qualities beoame known to Lady Merlin, Bhe was more and more oonvinoed that she was doing the proper thing by Bama — to give her to him. His sedate, settled, honorable oharaotor seemed to supply preoisely those restraining safeguards whioh the impulpiveneas_ of Rama's oharaotor rendered desirable in a life-partner. « It was a balmy summer evening when tho two young people sat iu the vineolad summer house, in the garden of tho Conrt, that the oomjpaot whioh was to make them man and wife was sealed. Hori himself -plaoed the ring on Rama's finger. Then Bhe was a little afraid of the thing that sho had consented to. ' I am scarcely 19, Hori ; I am only a a girl I she said. ' Many of our people marry at that age, as do our friends the Europeans.' ' But a minister's wife, Hori !— it seems so strange. . . . She should be a solemn-minded person of great expsrienoe, and very, very good.' ' And yon, dear, will be very, very good ?' ' Oh, but I am not very, very good at all 1' ' Then von mnst intend to be that.' 'Will the intention suffloe, Hori 1' ' Good intention, with honest endeavor, is all that the beat of us oau olaim.' ' Yes, but some people in their good intentions auooeed mnoh better than I do, Hori. Do yon forget that I over raised in yonr mind a doubt as to whether I was really a Christian?' ' Only a passing donbt, Buna. Of oonrso yon are a Christian, bnt at times a little inoltned to trifle.' ' I myself am a trifle. I really wonder — honestly wonder— that yon should ever think of mo as a wife, Hori.' ' Seriousness, and perhaps solemity, will oome to yon in years, Rama. It is natural in one of yonr years to be as yon are. It is also natural in me to seek a wife of my own people. 1 thank God for yon and your lovo, Rama. You really do lovo me, little one ?' ' Oh, yes ; how else oould I promise to marry you f ' 1 The world— the people of the world— do find many and unworthy motives for mar riage. But with us there need he — there oan he — bnt one pore motive. ' Oertainly yon are not rioh, and I, Hori, am really poor. I have nothing to bring you. ' Only your love, and that is all I ask or desire:' When do you go to take over your first oharge ?' ' Next week.' ' So soon ?' ' I oannot endure to be long idle.' ' I shall miss you very muoh.' ' So muoh; I trust, that you will he anxious to join me very shortly.' Rama did not for a moment reply. Her lover held her hand, and literally pressed for a reply; It was a temporising evasion that he drew from his love : ' What kind of a plaoe is Faeroa ?' ' Have yon never visited the Upper Thames ?' ' Never.' ' Then that is a trOat in store. There are few rivers in the world so enohanting, I should think.' ' Bnt Paeroa — it's a dismal little plaoe, isn't it ?' ' My Rama really does not think there is any dismal plaoe from one end of the native islands to the other I And if Faeroa was for ever under a olond— if no bird sang — if no stream leaped out of mountain, over pine- root and bonlder, to swell the torrent oi the Thames— if no flower bloomed npon its banks — if no pheasant or partridge sprang suddenly from ooppioe of fern — if no wild- duok swam its thousand pools and lagocne — . if no w ood- pigeon ever rustled amongst tho dense foliage of its glorious foreBts — yet if yon, my Rama, wore there in oar little aot, to welcome my home -coming, I would not think it dull or dismal.' ' That iB quite a bit of subdued eloquence, Hori — unpremeditated, too, I am sure. I should like you to be really eloquent, Hori, the most eloquent pre aoher ol all our people. 1 should like tho world to ring with your fame— tho fame of Totara, the Maori preaoher 1' ' Far better for me, for you, for all the world ahould just know mo aimply as tho Maori who faithfully preaohed Christ and Him oruoified. That is my mission ; aud woe betide me or any minister ot the gospel who forgets his master iu thinking of the man.' ' Alas, Hori, hut you aro so droadfolly in earnest ?' ' I do not believe that very muoh good is done in the world — in the religious, tho Solitioal, or any othor sphere— without ownright, wholesonled earnestness.' ' Tell me, Totara, do you love God with your whole heart f ' ' Yes, that is my aim.' ' Then what have you left to bestow upon poor little me ?' ' A Blow smilo oame ore any words from Totara : ' Pardon mo, little one, if I nay it was by suoh onnning questions that the Pharisees sought to entrap Christ. If a man marry seven times who will olaim hiui for husband in the next world ? We are not asked to tronble about snoh questions. Bnt, tell me, do yon think if 1 love God more that I shall lovo yon less P He has made it possible for ns to adequately fill the firBt and great oommandment and yet to love one another. Yon do not donbt that, Rama ?' (To be oontinned.) _ Lxtbuaby Nora.— Judge: You are aooused of stealing six reams of paper, three gallons of ink aud 'five gross of pens. What have you to say to the oharge ? Prisoner : Your Honour, I am a novelist, and I was merely collecting material for a new story, Jones—' I hear your next door neighbours have a very good organ. Do you know how many stops it has ? Brown— Only about three a day, and thoao not very long ones. The Reotor— I hope, my dear yonng lady, that you havo always boforo yon some high idea, some oxaltod type of womanhood, that you hopo in time to renob. Miss Pinkerley— I havo, indeed, sir.- I have alwayB looked forward to being a bride. Mr John Moigan married ou a very little, and tho only home he oould offer his wife was a room at tho top of a house. He was very sad about it, but hiB wife, who was of thG right Eort, greatly oheered him by re marking that it was quite a Morganat(t)io marriage. Rkooonisbd. — She : Who is that fright ful looking woman behind you who ie talk ing with a man ? Ho : It is my wife. She : But you have not looked round to see whom I mean I He : Oh, your description is enough 1 