Among the Icebergs A STORY OF ARCTIC ADVENTURE. CHAPTER XVI. THE FIRST SIGHT OF THE SUN. 'Roberts is not far off, depend upon it,' said the captain ; 'for, see, he has let the lot out.' Harry was right, and in a short time they heard a man's voice shouting. They returned his shout heartily, and in few minutes Roberts and three sailors made their appearance. Their clothes were all stiff with frost, and their hair and beards a mass of icicles ; and had they arrived a few hours earlier, they would probably have fallen easy victims to the wolves, despite the dogs — for they had been out in the snow for twelve hours, and were fatigued. 'If the gale hadn't gone down, I think we should have all perished ; and had it not been for the dogs, we should never have found you,' said Roberts, stamping on the floor, and shaking himself to get rid of the snow which clung so tightly to his clothes. 'Ah, I had a taste of the wind,' returned the captain, with a half laugh. 'It never blew so hard since the world was made, I believe. But come, let us look sharp and keep out the cold. The thermometer has gone down twenty degrees at the very least.' In a very few minutes the planks which had been torn down were replaced — rather roughly it is true, but sufficiently firm to keep out the blast. The new arrivals took off their outer garments, and hung them up to dry. Half of the remaining firing was heaped on to the stove, and soon the thermometer began to rise. 'Have you brought us anything to eat, Mr, Roberts ?' asked Little Jack. Roberts, produced some biscuits, and, what was still better, some coffee, and when the boy saw this he jumped for joy. 'There, Master Jack ! If you want any- thing more, you can cut a steak off this gentleman,' said Roberts, giving a kick to the carcase of a wolf as he spoke. 'Not if I know it !' returned Jack, with a wry face, 'I am not quite hungry enough for that. Besides, I don't want to rob the dogs.' The latter, by the way, had long since begun to devour the bodies of their enemies the wolves; but not having tasted meat for so long a time, they ate until they could eat no more, and indeed fairly gorged themselves. I dare say the men would have done the same had they the chance ; but the quan- tity of biscuit was not very large, and they had to make shift with what they could get. 'Shall we be able to get back soon, Roberts ?' asked the captain. 'Our stock of wood will not last more than three hours, and I have no fancy to be frozen to death. Directly the fire goes down, this hut will be like an ice-house. If it were made of snow we should have- nothing to fear.' 'You are right, sir. I think we might venture, as the wind has ceased. The only thing we have got to fear is the snow. You see it has filled up all the cracks, and you don't know when you put down your foot whether you mayn't tumble down a hole.' 'Ay, but our poles will prevent that, returned Harry 'We'll just stop long enough to give you a rest, and then we'll start.' Harry stopped until the firing was ex- hausted and the stove had begun to throw out less heat, and then gave the order to prepare to start. The dead wolves were all dragged into the hut, for they had be- come very valuable as food for the dogs, The latter, much to Lob's objection, were turned out, the hut secured, and the party started. Giving one ice-pole — they only had two —to Roberts and retaining the other him- self, Harry led the way to the ship. Cautiously feeling their way, they at length reached the schooner ; and right glad were the doctor and his little band to see them again. Another month passed without anything remarkable occurring, beyond a few signs of grumbling among the men at the eternal darkness; and then, to the joy of everyone, a break could be seen in the horizon, de- noting the approach of the sun, and with him his glorious light and heat. How each one longed to see his rays again, I need hardly say. The long dismal winter had had a bad effect upon the health and spirits of all, and they looked like the ghosts of the men who set sail so hale and hearty from Aberdeen in the previous year. One day in the beginning of February, Bodge came into the men's quarters. He was dressed to go out, and had his teles- cope slung behind him. 'Where's my boy Jack?' said he. 'Here I am, Father Bodge,' said Jack,' popping up his saucy head from a corner of the room, where, half buried in a pile of furs, he had been amusing himself cleaning a pistol. 'Come and see the sun rise.' 'The what' said the men, laughing. 'The sun! I spoke plainly enough,' didn't I ?' returned the old man, rather sharply. 'Oh, yes ; but you don't suppose you'll see him, do you.' 'Yes, I do. Come ; look alive, you young rascal.' Jacki tumbled out, kicking the furs in all directions. After putting on some extra garments he declared himself ready, and off the two started, amid some laughter from the men, who thought old Bodge had gone mad. There was a greyish kind of light over the scene, not very bright, but sufficient to enable them to see tolerably well. It was the first time Jack had been out since anything like daylight had made its ap- pearance, and he had enough to occupy him in noting the change which the storms of the winter had made in the ice. 'Why, there used to be clear ice along here !' said he, in surprise. 'Ah, that was broken up in the storm when we got caged in the hut,' said Bodge. 'And look at the ice-belt ! ' continued Jack, pointing to the ledge of ice which, you remember was attached to the land ; 'it's quite different.' 'Ay,' returned Bodge. 'But see there,' pointing to a line of hummocks about three hundred yards off. 'We've got- a visitor.' Jack looked, and to his delight saw a bear kneeling down, to all appearances, on the ice. 'Oh, Bodge,' said he excitedly, 'let's have a shot at him !' 'Stop a moment. Let us see what he's about, first. It strikes me he's perform- ing some antic or other,' and Bodge levelled his telescope at the animal. 'Well, if he isn't a clever one, bust me ! ' he ejaculated. 'What is be doing?' said Jack. 'Well, about a hundred yards further on there's a seal- hole, and a fat young one is bobbing up his head every now and then. The seal is easily frightened by any noise, and that bear knows it; for he's down on his knees and crawling towards him so as he shan't make the least sound.' 'Oh, let me have a look at him through the glass ! ' exclaimed Jack. Jack had taken off his mitten, and in the excitement of the moment he laid hold of the brass of the telescope with his bare hand. Directly it touched his flesh, it was just the same as a red hot iron. Instantly he dropped the glass and gave a bound in the air as if he were shot. 'Oh, my hand !' he cried, putting it up to his mouth. 'Oh, my telescope !' said Bodge, in con- sternation, picking up his valued instru- ment, and carefully examining it all over. 'Mercy on us ! It is not hurt,' said he at last. 'I only wish my hand wasn't,' said poor Jack. 'Ah,' said Bodge, coolly, 'that'll do you good, and teach you not to lay hold of metal without your mittens in this cold place. But see— you spoilt old Bruin's supper.' The seal, frightened by the noise of the falling telescope, had dived, and there was the poor bear looking very disappointed. He turned his head and seemed half in- clined to come towards Bodge and Jack, but he afterwards thought better of it and trotted oft at a good round pace, stopping every now and then to have a look at the two strange objects, which to him the old man and the boy doubtless were. 'Can't we go after him?' said Jack, who was always ready for sport. To be continued 