Whit. Sunday. Anglican Diocesan Day. ;. As notified on Saturday, yesterday (Whit Sunday) was observed in all the Anglican ohurohea in Brisbano as a special day for the Dibcesan Church Society's funds. \- At St.. John's Pro-Cathedral, the preaeher in the morning was .tho Right Rev. Dr. Webber (the Bishop of Brisbane). There was a large congregation', and the preacher took - his text " from 2. - Corinthians, chapter xiii., verse 14, basing.his remarks op the words ; The' Communion - of tho Holy Ghost." He pointed opt that on that occasion they were celebrating an important birthday— it was nothing -less than tho birth day of the Christian church. It was on that day, according to the fulfilment of the promise of Christ, the church was equipped for her mission. The words of " tho text were familiar, but they contained that whioh always brought fresh joy. There was one distinctive feature about the Gospel of Christ in that it har monised with the naturo of man. Man was essentially social, and auy religion which was adapted to Christ's ideas must he- social also There must not be any mere indivi dualism, but fellowship. Christ had shown to His disciples that it was necessary, in order that His work should be universal, that He should leave this earth — that there should be an inward rather than un outward manifes tation of Deity. Let them try to trace out the thought as to Christ's power had Ho re mained on earth, and . thoy must see' that it could not have been so manifest. 'Deal ing with- - fellowship, ho instanced that there were many points of' contaot among men. There was tlie contact in school -life, in business life, and a deeper one where men suffered. No doubt it. was such a form of fellowship as tlie latter which inspired that enthusiastic welcome to thoso soldiers who had returned recently from the dangers of the war. But these points were all more or loss superficial when compared with the fellowship of the Christian Churoh. The one lasting fellowship was the com munion- of tho Holy Ghost. In conclusion, he spoke of places to whioh the work of the church had not yet been extended, and he asked the congregation for their united assist ance towards that object. . .Bishop Stretch preaohod in the ovening to a largo congregation. 