DEAD Mf AN'S ROCK.I S(By 2.) I. CIAl'TlER X.-(Continued.) *:I July- 17tl, 7.30.p.m.--We cast off our vwarps :shortly after four o'clock,' aiid. \were' quickly running homenwardi 'at ,a-oiut:sevein khots in lihour. :-The Con -..cmens stood-on dleclywiiith ,we-u1atchs ingl Ceyloin grow aiim on tle liorizon. As thei proud cone: of -Adnam's renk , .fided softly;nid .slowly: into the even . :ng .mist, and so -vanislhed, us. 1 hope, S:for.: cver 'out, of .mys life;:;-"I"'could ::iot :forbenr retii'niing tlnliiksto Providence l-wlicl hals thus fair ivtched over iime so wonderfully. - There is i4L.inir blr?ze, nlld the uilinds, thouglh .short, doi teir wolk well to. I.ll., upcineiur es. There were only fifteen yesterdly,. three lhv ing been imisse.d for iibout a week be fore we suiled;-but '1: have not'e-t seen Caiptiain Uloldiaig to usk him ifaie made up his nulmber of lilnds tittlhe- lIst momiient. . sis.: Couaunen has invited imc, to their cabin to hanv a chait about Eingliind. ".Tuly.- StiT.--T nm more disturbed th:in I csre to ownt by a.very curious discovery 'which . -mnnde this morning. As I issued' oil' dlck lI '.sia-iinl stnnd ing ..by ,.the .forecastle'" whlise back seemed fanuial i o nie.' Pirreenutly he tuirned. :.anld 1 sa. hliini to be' Simon Colliver. lIe has, most strangely.alter ed his 'appimrance,. being, dressed. now : s (i coinmmiom sailor, ound wearing rinigs in his eirs as.the custom is. Catcin ing sight of md, 2ie came fdrward with 0 s pleasant smile and explained himself. 'ltis.no manner of use, Treno wethl;"ve'ro fnted'to meet.. Y'ou did nlot e~pet to see lie here in.tlis get up; but I learnt last night 'you were on board. You look as.though you Ihad been a ghost! Don't stare so, man -I should-sly "'sir". now; I suppose it's only 'another of fortune's rubs. I fell .ill after. thilt journey to the Peak, oind although ilailton nursed me like ml woman--lhsao goodl fellow, Ruailton, lnid not as rough as you would expect .-I woke up out of my- fever at last to ·lnd all the money gone. 'nI'm ti fellow ofiresource, 'Trenowetht, so5I hit "on th?e idea of nwoirkihg my passage hoiine; by good liuck found the Blelle 1ortune 9was short of hInids;,: offered 'my ser vices, "1was niceptedh-linviing beenl : to sea before, 'you know-so!d myin , old clollhes for this costumne--mint dress when one is ictinlg a parte-land here I "'tIs Railton with ypn?' I asked. " 'Ol, yes, similarly attired. - I did not see:you yesterday, being bus;'with the ecargo, so thatl, it's. all the more pleasantt to meet: hei;r. Butl work is ithe order of the day no1. You'll give nme it good churincter to thle captain, wdn''t: you? l:' Good-bye for-thle Dre sent.' "IL c.nnot tell Iow m11111 this mect ing has depressed me. Certainly I have *no reason for disbelierving the uan's story, but tile frequency andt strange ness of our meetings make it hard to believe, them altogether accidental. *I saw Eailtoii ii the. afternoon: he is greatly altered for the worse, and, I :should think, had been drinkiigig heav ily before he shippedi but the captain was evidently too short of hands to be particuli', I think I will give the Codn (ie!Inenis my tihi box to hide in their cabin. Of couse,. I cait .trust tliem, mlnd thils will biadle theft; the cinap I i.'.! wear'alout. me. This is a happy idea; I will go to their cabin.now" and i?St{ thein. It is 9,34. pm., and thq ' wid is still fair, I bdill? ' "J.uly 20th.-We htiti, o~fir' kept up ani average SIpeid of .ieil and a . hlf lknots an hour, and r iaptanin Iolding thinks wre lshll Inmakc cver better sail ing twhen the " hands aroe more aceous tomned to their work. 'I spend my time mostly wit lirtltheCoiicanens- whlo read ily, by: the ':way,"underitook the. care of my tin box--and 'find them the most agreeable of ,fellow-t.rarellers. . Mrs. Conicancn h'l a i very sweet' voice, and ]ler husband 'lis leairnt to iacompany it oni the guitar, so that altogether we spend very pleasant evenings. ".uly "1st,. 22nd, '23rd.-The weatller is still beaiitifilii :lndthe breeze steiidy; :LastL nightti at abouit six ill the evening, ,' it fieshened up, and .wse. rit:all night under reefed topsails in expectation of ta squall; but niotlhing amie of it. I trutst tile .uiind 'will' lust, not only bectausd it brings ilme nearer Ihome, buit also lbe \- causec.without: it the hcat would be* intolerable. The .'mentiont of home leilds me to say; tlhat Mrs. Concnuien was most sympathetile whe'i I spoke of : MIargery. It is good to be able.to talk of my wife to this kilnd creaturel, and she isso.,devoted to :herl.husbandthliat slite plaiinly fltidls it eilsy:to sympathise. They are ai, most: lhppy coilple. "July 24th.--Our-voyage, Ihitlihertoso prosplerous, hIls beten marred to-day by ai sudi accidlent.;gr. Wilkinls :.tollmate, twas staindinig alino'st:di:tetly tinder the iain-miast t aitbout 4.30 this afterinoon, . when .liailton, who was aloft, let slip a. blocki;ewhich descended: on the mate'st ]iecid, strikting it with .fearful force aidl killing ]hint instantly. .ITo was an lion ,est. indly iiman, to juldge from the ';-little I have seen of hinti, and, as CQS p Stlailn Iolding aissuries 'it?, tin excellei'l itnlvigator. .Poor Iaiilton was dreiadfully 'hpset by tlie effects of Iis elumsiness; ialtliotughil dislike the miiu;, I luve not tlhe hea.rt to blamiic hiit whent I see t!le contrittioln ilponhis face.. ... ( "July '25tl? iniliithiglit.-We -iAiriedl Willtinssto-day. ' Captain Holdinlg red ' tile bulrial service, atnd was much. if fected, for W'ilkins .wns a great friend of Iis; wetleicii;6eoidoittlihe.bddy into tlhe sea. I spent thle evening witli -:hlle Coneiatienis, the captaint beintg on ldeck and too depressedlto receive coln , solation. o N0o was, it nitmuc better :":vith .'is in the cabin. Althouglh we .' (tried to. talk lwe ''i re' nll depressed \- iand nielnlchioly, aind . retlired earlier thmlai usual to write my 'Journal. ."Julf. 20th .4.0oL Aulgust- 4th.-lThero It haslbcei nothiing. to record.. T'litvt wind .hais'' beetn'?jfair" ias yet "thr?ighoGt; thoughl it' ,droipeil .yesterday,-.-(Aug. :3lrd), nlii wdo liiy o;fi soiI?l hotirs inl i1 (lead ilni.; -:We.liave -recovered, our spirits ialtogethie.. by this time. '"August 5th l l-0neof our.liands; Grit flths,; fell b';erbotirdi to-day;: :aidindiwna drowited. lie nid:Collivdr'were out up 'on tie fore-yard'wliten Griffiths islipped,' mid missig theile deck, fell clear into :the se;.vThe lciecaptaitiwiia lieldot int thle tinle, but iuslhed' ,ipoiiiideklc on h.ieharing Colliver's anilmn of 'Man'over boa rd!Itt:ias too 6late; dhowever.. Thli : vessel iwas nmiking*ciglhtkliiots in lhtoiir sit: the tile, and l thou gh, it was im . tiantditely put libout, tlhe're w'isiiiot the slightest hope- of finding the ,-r fel low. Indeed we nedver slaw hklm'nrigni. (At this point the Jour a.i; becomes sitraneely meagre . cons' i almost entirely' of discoinnected ?jottigs abhout the weather, while he ,tean there oc curs nmerely n date with the laititude anrid lorinituile entelr .eil oaposite. Only two entries seem inf aruy importance: on. of August .se thm ioting tliit. they lied douhled th'C,?pe,. aind ab secpnd written two dl'Js hater a]nd uining- as Sfollows: ) :·"August'·.l n---ilr. Conanen ca cme ifo' m3y cri'in early, this mornling, aind biold me tchat his. wife .had just given birth to a son. lie seelmed prodigi Jusly nlated; and I congratulated hini heartily, us this is the first child born to them. eHd stayed but a. moment or so withJ me, and then .went. back to, attend to )his wife. I spent most of tim day on deck with Captain tHolding, who is unceasingly vigilant now. Wind countinues steadily S." . (After this the record is again scanty, but among less important entries' we found the following:-) - "August 20th.-M[rs. Concanen rapid ly recoverling. .'Tihem lchild .iis ta fine boy: ,so, at least, tlhe doctor says, though I' confess I should have thoughlt it rather small. However, it seems able to cry lustily. . . . "Sept. . Gth.-Sighted Ascension Is' land. " : "'Sept..8th, itlh.-Wiiid droppiig 'off, and heat positively stifling. A curious circumstance occurred to-day (the 9th) whiclh shows that I did well to be caireful of my Journal. I was sitting onr deck with the Concanens, beneath an asviiing which tile doetor hdd rig gdcd up to protect us from the heat, when our supply of tobacco ran'short As I was descending for more I met Colliver coming out of iiy" cabin. He was rlither disconcerted at seeing me, but invented some trivial excuse' about fetching a thermometer whichl Captain IHolding had lent nme. I am confident no tliit hlie was on the look-out for my papers, the more so as I ihad my-. self restored the thermnometer'to the ciptaii's'cabnbin two days sigo. It is lucky thliat I cofiilded my papers'to the Coineanfens. As for Railton, the hang dog look oni tha.t.man's:faece has in creased withl his travels. IIe seems quite unable to meet my eye, anZd .ie turns short, surly answers if ques tioned.: I cannot think his dejectiiin' is solely dued' to poor Wilkins' death, fbr I noticed sometlhing ?seij like it onr tle outward voyge." . (Bere follow it few jottingson oiven fler nnd speed, which latter- with the exception of five days dur.ing which the vessel lay becalmicd--seems to liave been very satisfactory On the 17th they caught a light breeze from N.E., and ol the 10th piassed Cape .Verde. Soon after :this the. Journial, becbmes connected again, aind so continnes.) S"Sept 24th.--Just after daybreak, went on deck, anld found Captain IHolding already there. . This .man seems positively to require no sleep. Since Wilkins death hel his mainaged the. nligatiogt almost entirely alone. Hle seemed nniisually grave this morn ing, iind told me-.thalnt four of the Ihands lind been taklen' ill luiriig tile nighit withl violeit aittacks of vomiting, and welr -1ing below in great dainger. IIe ihad not seeh thle doctor yet, but suspected that something was wrong with, tlhe food. At this point the doc tor joined us uanl took, the captain aside. They conversed earnestly for aboit tliree mlinutes, and piesenitly 'I lherd the captain. xcliinD!nu ill eI 191f d~ot itu e, 'Well etb atr, of coi.urit~ a bu kno' best,: .but I can't believe it for iall that.' ' Shlortly after the doctor went belowe againto loolk after bsa pa tients. IHe was very sileit when we met aganiti at dinner,. and I' have not seen him since. , , , '"Sept' 251One of the hlalmds, Walters, died during the niglht in:great agony. We sighted the Ite'akle of Teneriffe early in tlhe afternoon, andt I remained on deck with -Mrs. Conanen iantchiig it. Thie doctorc -is below, n'naly sing t?le food-. I believe lhe is completely puz zled by this curious eipideiiie. . ,...-. ""Sept. 2O;-Wind N:E.,'bitt somnewhliat lighter. Three more miedfi sized last niglit witlh precisely the ysame 'symp tomis. '.With three deatlis nad fiive men ill, we are now left with but'l nine ilands (niot d?lmitin tghe captain) to worlkthe' shiu..p Walters was, buried to-day. ?lI ,leamrned Tidm" 's. Concanen that hler hi'sband ml Iis minde e post mortem'ex aiminiation of tlhe body.-- I do not kmiow vwhat his, cenclusioinsre. ,'iir , . "1 oen my' JToiurnal agaih .to .record another dilisquietiug miceideit. It is odd, but I live missed one of tlhe -pieces of my failier's clasp. I am positive it was in.i my pocket last night. I- now li~ase uii inidistinct recolleetioni of hear ing somethitig f.ill wihilst' iivwt. dibs~ ing thisiiiorning, but although I have searched'boti cibabimn iiid state-room thoroughlyiI can find l"idOtiiiing. , tIow 'ever, evelc if it iss fallen' into,.Colli er's hiandsiil; which is hInlikely ,"ieml make nothling of it, and luckily I know the words written uidpoliit'-by heart. Still: the loss hais vexed me .not a little. BI will :have aiibtlier'search be fore turiiing in to-night. .?::: :-;"!. 'Sept.' 27th.l-m Wind ihas. sliifted ::to N.W." Thie doetor wasi simnioiied iduir ing thenmight to visit-ole of:the': ien taken ill .tvo nifiglhta before. 'The poor fellowv died;before dayreaek, andi. lheii thait ::aiotheri is not' edxpected "td li?e until nlight" The .doetor hisa onily b?eie on deelckifoi- afew nmliutes to day, alid these lie ccuipied iiii talk ivitli tlhe clia tini whvo seems tohd hase ii'gh~t tlhe prevailinig depression, or hle has been going abouit n it .alstate ofnervos o dis-: liuietudd :all thle afternoon. I expect tlait:want of sleep is tblliig fupon him at last. Tihe clasp is,still 1missing. 'oSept. 28th.-A rouigh daiy,' diid i l liands IJusily eingiged. .\Wind imostly S.W\\.; but'J slhifted to due W. before nigiltfill.' Three of the iriniividulls'nre mbetter, but tihe othleris still iying iin a soryt' criticail'ednditioifl.t i -. .."Sept. ~20th, 30th, Oct. 1:s ,nd.i ea Iher" squally, 'so t"immt'w ins's expect 'hieavy seas in th fli a ofn, fimscaj;- All the inidvidii ls by.l this :tinile in a fair way of recovery', and one-of tlhem will be strolig enoughlt';oretuiml to'iivock in .t cbtiplq of danys. DctorlConcmnen-n is still atrnigely: sildnt, ain''the cadptiiis's clieeirfilness' eeims quite to have left himi. Ohbt that this glooly vo3ige. wecre overt - " . . -" ''Oct. 3rd.1 ;ntli cla rer .- ?ifit -Ibreeze fioin S.SW.. "Oict.:'tli.--'Lt:mq roughly .put 'dlvwn in a fewsv;,ords:whlat has hiippeined, not tllhat'j I ge" at riresent".* any chlnce of leaving tsds aiccursed ship allive, but in the hIopd tlhttProvidence Inay tius .be ailed--as farrs h~ishhbn aid mhy go-. in bringing these villains "to justice, if this JTorurnal should by lny. means sur "Lust. night, shortly before ten, I vent at Dr. Conicnen's invitation to chnt in his calin; 'The doctor himself wvas busily-occnpied with some medical works,--in whicll;-nas his wife assured me, lie nhad ibeeccn giving his whole atten iioni of lhte. But Mrs. Concnanen and I saRt tnlking together oE home until l6ose -upon midnightwhen the baby, who was lying asleep'at her side'awoke aind began to cry. Upon this she broke odflhei' conderihtioin rid li?gan to sihg the little fellow to sleep. 'I[ome, Sweet omnie' was the song, and-at the end of the first verse-so i.sweetly: touching, however lihkneyedl . to all situatedl as we-the doctor left'his liooks, came hscr; and was standi'g.beside her, run ninuk his' hmnds, after' a - trick of his, affectionately through her hair, - when the native' nurse, who slept in the next cnabin, and had heard the baby crying, canme in. anid offered to. take him. Mrs. Concniiie:,' however, assured her that it was not necessary, and,the girl wias just going oiut of the door, when sud denly .we henrd n. scream, ind then the captain's' voise caillimig, 'Trenoweth! Doctnr! Help, hclp! . .. '"The doctor immediatcl3 rushed past the. ninmaid and ip ..the comnipanion. I was just followlng an t his heels whent I heird two shots.fired in.rapid succes sian, and thent heaey crash. Imme liately the girl fell witl n, shriek, nnd tile dloctor canme staggering heavily halc on top of her. Quick as thoug]lt, i pulled thein isile, locked the cabin tloor, and began to examine their wounds. The girl was quite dead, be ing shot tlirough thile breast, while Con canen was bleeding ..terribly from a wound jusnt belows the slhoulder; the bullet must..hnve grazed his upper arm, tetiring opein the dlesh nnd cutting an artery, passed on anhd strioch the nurse, wlho was just behind..' Mrs. Concanen wtas lieeling beside hiir and vainly en ldeavouring to stunnih the flowr of bldod. ' "'Oddly ..enough,,: the attack,. from whateser quarter it came, Wvas not fol lowed up; biut I heard two more shots fired on deck, and then a loud crashing and stamping'ain the fore part of the vessel, and judged that" the mutineers weie battening and' barricading the fotrecastle. I-unlocked the door and was going out;to explore the situation, when the'doctor spoke in a weak voice: "'Quick, Trenowethl never mind me. I've got the main artery torn to pieces and .can't lIst many more minutes but quick for the captain's cabin and get the guns. They'll be down pre sently, as:soon as they've finished up there.' ' ' . '. * "Opening the door, and telling Mrs. Concnanen-wiho although white as a sheet neverslost-her presence of mind for: a moment-to lock it after me, I stole along tihe passage, gained the cap tain's cabin, and - found two guns, a small keg of .powdef .(to get at which I hand to smash in -a locker, with the butt-end of one of the guns), and some large shot, brought I suppose.for shoot ing gulls. "I found also a nlarge packet of re volver cirtiidges, but no revolver; and it. suddenly-struic me that the shots nlready fired must-have been fired from the captain's revolver, taken, probably from his dead body. Yes, adIt remem beredd the sound of the shots I was surt' of it; The mutineers had prob ably no other:?ammunitibii, and so far I )sas their master.: . . '.earful that by shainshbii the locker I had imadel noise 'eough to be heard above thie tuiinoil on deck, I returned swiftly, and had just-reached the door of Concan'en's; cabin, when I heard a shout above, and a man-n whom I re cognised by the voice as Johnston;..the carpenter; 'came rushilig dosi ' the steps :crying, .'-Tide me, doctor, ...hide me!' As Mrs. Coneanen 'opened the door in ansiwer to my..call, another shot was lired; the man suddenly- threw. up'his .hnids and we tumblled into the cabin together. -I turned as soon as.I lhad locked and,, barricaded 'the dooi, arid, saw, hint lying on his face- quite dead. HIe had been shot in the 'bick, just below the'shoulder-blades. "Tlie doclor also was at hiis last gasp, aitd the floor literally swamn with blood. As ~'ie bent over him to catch his 'words hel:i.wlispered,..'It was Raiiltboi-that-I saw.-Good-bye, .Alice,' and fell back a cbrpse. .I, carried the body to ia corner of the" cabii, 'took off my jacket, and coveried.up his face; and turned to Mrs: Concanen. Slie was dry-eyed, but drend fully,,wlhite. »-!;';* ii "' 'Gie me the guns,' she said quiet ly, .'and shlowsne ihow to load them.': i"itwias doing,so .when I liheard foot stepls coming slowly, down tle com painion ::?nioment after, two crashing blows. were shtirck upon thie door-panel and Colliver's voice cried . (To be Continued). 