THE STORYTELLER SAO LUNG'S GHOSTS. t'Milujuated Mall.") "What's the matter, oid chap? You look very worriea." "Uon't unoiv about looking worried," Forrester answered. "1 certainly leei duced puaziea, (Jlaywn. Those creepy occurrences t?aii going on in my bungaiow; ana, as told you Dciore, 1 loatne aiijtinng 1 can i et to cue boutom of in tne iirst Hajl- houi ." He put His wlnDe sun Jiat down on llie table, and wiped the perspiration from ins toreiiead. '"isJte my word for it,", said Clayton, "you'd find out that that precious Oninese cierk oi yours is at Uie bottom of it all. ovti'. X wouldn't have tiiat creature about me for all the wealth in Prince Xuan's "'They're every one of them alike, Clayton," Forrester answered. "There never was a Chinaman yet who was one degree . better than his neighbour. I know you isapprove of Sao Lung. Bat Sao .Lung is useiui. He knows my work, and does for e—which is a mighty considerationo. in a limate where all your natural energy is csed up in the stewing process." "Does your work and steals your money," layton said, ironically, "and spends Ins eisure time manufacturing ghosts to scare ou out .of your bungalow 7 . What is the ast developement, old man ?" "Oh, a howling dog. or something. The ost devilish, unearthly row you ever listened to, Clayton! 1 tell you IJO man's nerves could Stand it for more than a week. Last night there was a particularly prolonged and dismal howl. It brought Sao Lung into my presence, wearing a sickly grin on his oblique oountenance. "Yes?" "I banged him out of the room again pretty smartly. You know my way with Celestials, old chap. He came back, however, and in a solemn voice declared tnat that especially gruesome howl was intended to mark the fall of Pekin." Clayton laughed heartily. "At his picturesque yarns again, is he?" he exclaimed. "Why tbe duce don't you horsewhip him, Forrester?" But Forrester was inclined to take the thinrr far more seriously. "There might be some truth in these yarns of his about the Boxer uprisings," he said, rather gkwmaly. His wife and child were in Pekin. Clayton laughed again. "And if what he says is in any way right, Clayton, you and I are in a bit of a hole out here, * orrester wound up in the same . despondent voice. ! ..fi® J ast s P?eeh caused a short sflence to tall between them. And no wonder! Thev would indeed be m a bit of a hole if Sao pune was for once telling somewhat of the < truth _ i But he:isn t" Clayton remarked confi, dentlv Never has done so yet. Why ' should he now? No, old fellow- I'll take i you anything you like Sao Lung'is playing: some deep game, and you and I have got. to get the better of him if we can." i The mysterious noises in Forrester's bamboo shed—dicnified with namo ^f , bungalw-coSS T^ta no ! deCTee suTerstitioui-^^ bel^diX fo I t ^ t to d^id t the ° Dly ^ ^ V i all d i "It is the Great Io Spirit, master," Sao Lung would say, with a cheerful grin, "Master look velJydesnondee. Aluf ter-makce cheeree up. Spirit seekee vengeance. Spirit wantee water, wantoe money. Master? mve me money for spirit, then doi dryee up pirit Io go to Pekin—ah, Pebin allee poolee blood. He had said it so often that Forrester at last began to fear that the yellow scoundrel was speaking the truth—about Pekin was playing a game. "How do you get your news?" he said sarcastically to the Chinaman. Lung eyed him carefully. "That velly mysterious," he said. "Me indee.out. Velly, velly mysterious though. foreign devils murdered in Pekin on? night; Sno Lung he makee know next That surprise Englishmance velly uchee, eh?" "No, it does not surprise me, you lying mp," Clayton answered. "I know they are not murder any one in Pekin." "Alice gonee! Allee gonee!" Sao Lung ewailed hypocritically. ".Englishman not akee believee; Englishman velly fool. ekin not bigee grave; one bigee poolee lood. Spirit Io—the velly good friend of y family—he come and tel.ee me. He oor spirit—velly poor—he wantee money, an tee water. Englishman give me money or Io, he sendee Boxers allee kingdom oinee." Clayton and Forrester were in charge of a ill, which they had not been able to perate for some days past because the ells had run dry of water. "Englishmanee givee fifty pouns " "Get out of this, you grinning old deon!" Clayton roared. "Aind see here, ung, if I catch you at any more of your ames in Mr. Forrester's bungalow, I'll itch you 'headlong into one 01 tne wells, nd them see if we'd get any water!" Lung looked sorrowful as he shuffled way. That night Forrester's bungalow was a ositive pandemonium. There was a dog hich howled incessantlv, and a peacock hich screeched a ghastly accompaniment o him. Forrester felt .sure he was going ad. He was in the middle of writing a eter to his little wife in Pekin when the hostly concert bf^n.n, and it sent him neaxy crazy. He ramped round the p.acehouted for Lung, who did not appear^ hen finally got down his loaded revolver! He toyed with it aimlessly for an odd minute or so, suddenly cocked it, and sent the contents into the thin bamboo partitions which answered for walls. Tae place looked funny when he had finished. He stood laughing hysterica ly at his work, when Sao Lung shulhed into tiie room with a profound bow. x^s teeth were' chattering together, his limbs were shaking, and his speech was thick. " Mi«ter makee piactke any more?" he enquired. ......,- "I've " 'V no "f.jT^ need to pradtice," p^^vwve, Forrester a.n- ^ effectual stop to his fiendish howling. I "iuaster no makee shootee any Suae," 1 Sao Lung pleaded, his yeJow skin so livid r that it was a-most ' white. - Forrester quietly proceeded to reload his revolver. i "Master make no more shootee," Lung went on hoarsely. "Me velly, velly frigntaned. Aliee giirits angry; seekee vengeance. SAaeter, see!"' He suddenly produced a huge poster, which he had carried folded up in one of his pockets. .Forrester knew sufficient Chinese to gather immediately what it meant. It was one of Prince Tuan's celebrated t edits, inciting tbe people to rebel against the oppression oi tne foreign devils; to spill every drop of the foreign devils' biood to appease the enraged spirits, and to return to their own religion. The" work had already been performed in Pekin, it stated, and <et the people hasten to finish the work elsewhere. The perspiration gathered oji Forrester's forehead. s "Merciful Heavens!" he groanec^ "Can it after all be true?" His little beloved wife was in Pekin. He had left her there with the child because he thought the loneliness*of the pace he was going to would be ba'd for her. Sae WKjuld be the only white woman there, and he did not want that. He tried to picture what might have happened to her now if this thing in front of his eyes were true. His brain reeled, refusing to help him. He staggered out of the bungalow, and went to sit in heavy speechlessness on tbe foot of-Clayton's bed. The next few days were pregnant wit'i uncertainty. One day Sao Lung's spirit Io would come to tell him that all the foreigners in Pekin were safe. The next day he would have a ghastly yarn of Oriental horror to relate. How they had all been massacred—women, children, men—their blood flowing in on* big pool. Thus Lung kept Clayton and Forrester tenter hooks. He knew he had them there, and his ugly oblique visage grew more complacent every day. They could get no news save what he was pleased to tell them; and when they questioned him as to the source of his information, he would merely smile. A Chinaman's smile is a quaint tiling to Witness. • "VeUy mystenous! Veilv mysterious he would mutter, as he shuffled away, keeping the comers of his oblique eyes on Clayton * H ! The noises in Forrester's bungalow tor the time being had ceased. Sao W shuffled with a mysterious Ump, and tTat seemed tobe the end of it uc ^u^ ^ ^ ^ P° ae ""'F 111^ Dayton received a bundle Papers from Shanghai, coming by way of ° £ tte the m the ° £ a ^ darin. For two mortal hours Clayton sat sinmassacre; of angry gods and revenging spirits. Above all, of the tragedy of Pekin. It was the story, much as Sao Lung had been unfolding it, for some weeks paft. Lies, Clayton had called it. Lies from start to finish. Here in front of him, in black and white, were the self-same lies. Were _ley lies—and how had Lung chanced to strike them. After all, it seemed as though the ugly rascal's ghosts would be worth some investigation. . When Forrester looked in, there was no be seen. Clayton started questioning hiui immediately. I "What's Lung doing?" he asked, casually "Had any communications from his precious spirit yet to-day?" Forrester shook his head. "Vou only pooh-pooh the whole thing, old chap," he Answered heavily. "Forrester,"' Clayton said suddenly. •What do you say if we clear out of thic hole, and make for Pekin?" ;('UTiy should we?" "Don't know. It's deuced lonely!" Yes, bat we've signed a contract to stay. And there s all that money belonging to the company in my safe. No, old man we've got to see it through, whatever happens." Even a Boxer rebellion?" those are all Sao Lung's lies'" Of course. Most infernal liar that ever walked! But suppose there did turn out to be something in his ghost stories, though t' ion-ester looked at him earnestly. Are you going that way now, old chap?" he asked. "Have you heard anyihing?' f Utovton evaded the last question. i:ouve been so dead agamsr it ai;.'' Forrester added. "You've laughed at Sao .wing, and called him the biggest bar who ever walked the earth. Small wonder, iiow could he get any information we did not receive? He is as far away from things as we are. And yet--—" Suddenly he grasped Clayton's arm. "Old chap," he whispered, "is it true about Pekin? "No," Clayton answered steadily "But it might b» true that tbe Boxers hav. See here, old man, I think vou and 'l might as well collect the company's money and clear ouii of this. It's all bally rot to dump two white men down out here, and order them to work and mill when they must have known there wouldn't be any water." Thus it was decided that they should go. When they came to collect the company's a a Hppi p i a s c b d v G F V G N C G FF G money, however, there . wasn t .«ny ,rcompany's money! Forrester^ sale hao- beea cautiously broken open, and ,ateohitely cleaned but. Bvea the coolies wages were ' gone. __ "This about ruins us, old man, .Clayton remarked -quietly. 'There's -no -point in our leaving new. We may as. well.6iay_,h«ie for the Boxers to play •with_.v/They'.re->a.r nice crowd!" Here Sao Lung appeased. His limp-had' been getting worse and worse, though his' grin was as wood and complacent as ever. "Where's the money, you yellow demoa?* Clayton wheeled round on him suddenly. Long trembled. "Look here, you scoundrel, if aery cent of it isn't back on that table in half an. hour m do what I threatened previously. Pitch you headlong into onfi of tbe weus. They're all deep." ' ;•'•'•< For once the conqiaceney died out. of Sao Lung's grin. In fact, for <mce l» 'did iiofcgrin at all. He jabbered 1 -aoS ' incoherently about' not knowing ' — concerning tht 'moniey. Ife^'faapt. ning eye on Clayian. Clayton Jlii lieve in his ghnstfe aaa the 7 " feared him. > . "Boxers coinee!" he «id At la»§.! s comee, master! Allee ieomee! Boisw a Englishmanee's eyes out." Siiefcre-Enfe. manse in 'ee ground. Ha, ha! TearTESne- ' lishmamee's nails out—dnnkee IShKlis&' majiee's blood. Bk-j|U Clayton brou^it n i m ^ / t o w i M . tail. • '• ••,'.. ; "Do yon .tear*" Jw". tiununM,S >neg' you stole_out of this wfe' im'J an boor, IT1 be the deaii ok; Lung was light about the : were, indeed, coming 40 Clayton and Forrester iouni l " to try aad hide themselves . . r . "Sure to track - us wherever Clayton renwrked.r••"Sgppoae%.ivg'ii«i»/ : wdl make'some late? though. 'Won't tJiegr'-aaagjoy* ns, .old chap? ;Gan't_ you ^bfeariifff" Lung? Boxei-g takee J&i;^ishmaiiee^rt out. Stickee He mimicked the Chinaman splendidly/ who, by the way; had not been Been "ytor two or three hours: Where bad ' . Clayton. and Forrester did xm^sAjBij^^' for it, and presently found fchemsdviEs; & , the vicinity of an old- pagoda. '• were issuing the .moat--jwipiiT "lipiw^m'^ shrieks human ears ever l^tened to. . : "Lung's ghosts!" Clayton said, laconieally. "So they cpme here. did. tey, -when your revolver practice frightened titem. away from your mngaloir4 will do for us." . •/ "'S 1 ; 1 . He dived in among the ruin^5bedkOning^.j V his companion to follow. ' • '. ; .'.Vf/"(P "If it's sife for Liang's ghosts, i(f^ for us," he said. ' ','' Suddenly in a corner .they espi<& thegreat Lung himself. He was squatting in paying backwards_£nd forwards. his armB ^ ® c i r e l i?8. Fo^ter's^hbfflS,jgnd hl s . mouth emitting the most unearthly noises it is possible to imagine. , "Jove, this is lovely!" gasped Clayton, n a whisper, nearly choked with laughter.'. "His ghosts have found him out, old lellow. . Don't let him know yet awhile that are here. See the game, Forrester? He's - playing o£ bis ghosts on the superstition of the Boxers, lie was afraid they'd rdlr him of that money of ours.- W«H, at.any?-" rate, you and I are safe, and so is the money. Lung has been too clever for him- ; ' • elf this time. Didn't I tell you from the first that it was he who was canning all the 'n commotion in your bungalow?" They remained quiet behond i e'vf ruins. Presently tne Boxers could be heard - coming in the direction of the temgie. The. • . swaying of Sao Lung's body increased did his diabolical noises.. They .wene- hide- •- ous 'enough to disturb the'dead, moch lesB parcel of superstitious Chinamen. :. d ' ,-. They came near enough" to hear fchem; heard them; fled! Hie place -wae.in the possession of the Evil One, they yelled, frantically, as tJiey rushed away from fcho - ; spot haunted by Sao Lung's ghosts., v ;T'T: .. When all was again quiet Lois laaghed \- > softly to himself, and rose to his ton went over Jind touched him on thft^^lshoulder. The Chinaman's yellow skin did \- actually turn white for a minute. Forres^ t^.'fi ter's cashbox went clattering onto the stone ' •'' floor. ' . •'•;'." ••'IftV; Clayton picked it up. .. . ( ; "Mercy! Mercy!" cried Lung, beffeween Ihis chattering teeth. , "Me never makee do.it, master.!, Mc never makee do it! Mwcy! Mercy!" 1 - "You never did what?" they asked Stoge-J ther. . "Me never makee do ft!" mc all they ' could eet out of him. . . .-,.> . w ." What they wanted to ksow they gathered ^1 from numberless scraps oi paper they found ' .- 1 in the onthouse he had inhatttted. , \- ; He had been in league with one. of the. company's clerks to steal the money both > knew that Forrester possessed. -Lung wa* a cowaird, however, and for a long tiine : Junked it. Then the idea of the frosts oc-. i curred to him. That would drive Forrea- .- ter away, he thought, and things would ba: easy- .. On the pieces of papeir were written accounts of what ware being done by the Boxers. They had been sent from the " clerk at Shanghai to Sao Lung by every boat which traded up the river, Tne etbry of the tragedy of Pekin, they evidently de- - " cided, wouid finish -the work oft the. ghosU, and send Forrester otf post haste to make authentic enquiries: And but for Clayton their 'plan would - have succeeded. He waa .the stumblingblock. • \-- - • -'•••• t -• Lung must have b'een r finally'driven to desperation when he committeid the'theft. He was too great a coward to do it except under severest pressure.--— - Within the next day or two Forrester got a letter through from his little wife, and the gloom fell upon his epuptepancn. As soon as possible he would" chuck np hia * present lonely biilet and go back to her! "Say, Lung, what's the Great Spirit Io ': .. :' been doing with your leg?" Clayton asKca before they left. Lung exposed a revolver wound deep ia the fleshy part of his calf. The two Englishmen laughed. "So I did manage to hit a gbost after all!" said Forrester. "See here, Lung," advised Clayton, "if doesn't condescend to heal that leg ia week from now, you'd better take it to medicine man. It's a deuced nasty placa. you offered Io any money} Fifty pounds, say? He'll do anything for fifty pounds, dolly accommodating spirit, Io— isn't he?" Lung grinned to the last Bat his com. was all gone. And a Chinaman nothing if not complacent. 