JANET AND THE DEVIL The RevVMmrioch SovUs was long minis-, ter of tKe -rroorlarnl parish of Bal weary in the Vale of Dule, A severe,' bleak-faced old man. dreadful to his hearersrho dwelt in the last- ye&re; of his life without relative, or ser vant, or any human company, in the small and lonely ' manse under the Banging Shaw, la spite of the iron composure of his features, !.:» m«ti oiob will) arutwoA nnfi linM(4j»ll! AtlA when he dwelt; in private admonitions, on the future ;of the ? impenitent, it seemed as if his eye .' pierced through the Btormsof time to (be terrors of eternity. The manse itself, where it Btood by the -water of Dule. among some thick trees, with* the Shaw ovprhangiDg- it'-nn one side, and on the other many cold, nnv-r land hill-tops riBing toward the' sky,, naflf-begua at a very early period of Mr. SouliB's -Jnlnistry to be avoided in tho dusk hours by' all. who prided themselves upon their prudence; and gudemen Bitting at the ale-house shook their heads together at the thought 6f passing late 'by that dreary neighbourhood. There was one spot, to be more particular, 'which1 was regarded with es necial awe. - The' manse stood between the high road and the water of Dule. The house was two. stories *hiRh. with two Urge rooms on each. It opened notdirectlyon the garden, buttm aoaujKHMS-ed path, or passage, giving on the road on .one hand, bdu ctosnd on the other by the tall willows' and .elders that bordered On the stream. And it was this strip of causeway that enjoyed among the young parishioners of Balweary so infamous a reputation. The minister walked there often after dark, sometimes groaning aloud in the Intensity of his 'unspoken prayers ; and when be was from; home, and the manse door was locked, the more daring schoolboys Ten ured, with beating hearts, to ' follow my leader' across that legendary spot. Many, even' 'of the people of the parish, were ignorant of the cause of the minister's strange looks And solitary life. Fifty years before, when M r. Soulis came first to to Bal weary .he was still a young man, full of book learning and grand at expounding it, bat, as was natural in so young a man, with no ex perience as a pastor. The younger Bort were greatly taken with his gifts and his talk; but old, concerned, Benoiis'men and and women were moved even to prayer for the young nmn vhftm t.hnv tAnk fcn ha iLBftlf -deceivex. and the parish that was like to be so ill sappUed. There was no doubt, anyway, but that Mr.Soulia had been a long time at col lege. He waa careful and troubled for many things beside the one thing needful. ? He had a great number 'of books trith him— more than had ever been seen before in all that presbytery; and hard work the carrier had with them, for they were all like to have stopped behind icr the Deil's Hag, between Balneary and Kilmarkerlie. He desired to get an old, decent woman to keep the manse for him, and see to bis dinners; and he was recommended to ao old crone — Janet M*Clour. they called her. There were many advised him to the contrary, for Janet was more than Buapected by the best folk in Bal weary. Long before that she bad had a child to a diagoon; she had not come to com munion for maybe thirty years; and boys had seen her mumbling to herself up on Key's Loan in the -gloaming, which was an woman. However, it was the laird himself that had first told the minister of Janet; and ? m those days he would have gone a great way to please the laird. When folks told him ciwtygaw-wM'.gora-'TO--«nr-aevn,'iirwaB-BM superstition, he said. When it got about the village that Janet M'Clour was to be servant at the manse, the folks were fairly mad with both him and her; and some of the Women had nothing better to do than get round her door-step ant charge her with all that was known against her,from the soldier's child to John Tamson's two cows. Up she got, ana there was not an old story in ? Balweary bat she made somebody smart for it that day; they couldn't say one thing, bat she could say two to it, till, at last, the gudewives caught hold of her and clawed tbe clothes oS her back, and pulled her down tbe road to the water of the Dule, to see if she were a witch, and would sink or swim. The tiag shrieked till yon could hear her at the Hang ing Shaw, and she fought hard. There was many a gadewife bore the mark of her next day and many A long day after; and just in the hottest of tne hubbub, who should come up but the new minister. ' Women,1' saia\ be' .{aod he had a grand voice), ' I charge you in the Lord's name to let hex go.' ??.... Janet ran to him— she was fairly wild with terror— and clang to him, and prayed him, for Christ's sake, to save her from her tor mentors ; and they.jfpr their part, told him all that was known, and maybe more. 'Woman,' says he to Janet, 'ib this true ?' ' As the Lord aees mej' says she, ?' as tbe Lord made me, not a word of it. Saving tho ichild,' says she, ' I've been a decent woman all my days.' ' ' 'Will you,' says Mr, Skulls,' ' in the name of God, and before me, bis unworthy .'minister, renounce the devil and his works t' Well, it would appear that when he asked that,' she gave a groan that fairly frightened those who saw her, and they^oould bear'lier^ teeth grind together in ber jaws ; but there was nothing for - it bat the one way or the other ; and Janet lifted up ber hand, and re nounced the devil before them all. ' And now,' said Mr. Soulis to the good women,' 'home with you, one and all, and pray to God for his forgiveness.' And he gave Janet his arm, though sbe'had littlo on ber but a shift, and took her up the road to her own door like a lady of the land ; and her screeching and laughing wae a acan dal to be heard. - There were many solemn-faced people long over their prayere that night ; but whin the mornioe oame there was such fear fell upon all Balweary that the children hid them selves, and even the men folk stood and peeped from their doors. For there was Janet coming down the road — she or her likeness, none could tell— with her neck disjointed, and her head, on one side like a body that had been hanged, and a look on hor'f aee like an unburied corpse. By and by they got used to it, and even looked at her to see what was' 'wrong; but from that day forth - she could not speak like a Chris tian woman, but stuttered and stammered, and the name of God never came on her lipB. Sometimes she tried to say it, but it might not be. Those that knew her best said least: but they never gave that Thing the name of Janet M'Olour, for old Janet they thought, was in the deepest hell by this time. But the minister was neither to hold nor to bind; he preached about nothing but tbe cruelty of the people that had given ber a stroke of the palsy; he punished tbe ' children that tor mented ber, and he had her 'up to the manse that same night, and dwelt there all alone with her under- the Hanging Shaw. About the end of -Jnne there oame a speu of ./ireatoer, the .Jike of which was never known -beforv, lV.,ma- islose, and hot,- and breathless; sud yet jt was gusty, too, with gusts of wind that whistled through, the. glbns, and bits of showers mat. moistened nothing. Mr. Sonlis cdold neither eat nor sleep, and when he was 'not writing at his weary T)6ok he would be roaming over the country-side 'like a man possessed, when everybody else was glad to Jcefep cool within thejiotuw. Above the -Hanging Shaw, in the bend of tbe Black Hill, there 1b a bit of inclosed rfound with an Iron gate, at one time the ohuronrard of Bslwea^,andoqn»eorawdby he papists before: the 'biased light shooe upon tho kingdom. ? It was' a Brtat tesort of Mr SouVib'b; there he would- ait and con Hider hiB sermons. Well, as hetome over 'the west' end of Black Hill one day, he saw first two, then four, and then seven black crows flying around and around above the old churchyard. - ? They flew low arid heavy, and squawked to one another. He was not easily startled, and went straight up to the walls; and what did he see but a man, sit titig in the inside upon a grave. He was of great stature, and black as hell, and his eyes wero singular to see. Mr. Sbulis had beard of black men many times; but there was something forbidding about this black man that caused him to Mart.- But up he Bpoke, for all of ihat, and said : ?'' My friend are you a stranger in this place ?' The black man answered not a wold; he got upon bis feet, and began to walk to the wall on the far side: but be still looked at the minister, and the minister stood and looked back, till suddenly the black man was over tie wall and rnnning for the shade of the trees. Mr. SouliB, he hardly knew why, Tan after him, but he was wearied with his walk, and the hot, unwholesome weather; and run as he would he got no more than a glimpBe of the black man among the treeB, till he got down to tbe foot of the hillBide, and there he saw him once more, going hop-Btep-and-jump over Dule water to the manse. Mr. Soulis was not pleased tbst this ill looking creature should make so free witb Balweary mange, and he ran the harder, but 11U U1OVIL UlWi ITOq kuwo IV wa BW'. u.w. stepped out upon the road, but there was no-, body there,;he went all over the garden, but saw no black man. - At lost, tend it is feared a little timidly, aa wae but natural, be lifted the liasp and went into the manse, and there was Janet M'Olour before his eyes, with her broken o'eck, and none too phased to see him. And he then remembered that' when ' firet he set his eyes upon her he felt the same cold and deadly shiver. ?? Janet,' said he, ' have you seen a black man 1' ' A black man !' quoth she. ' Save us all ! You are no't in your right mind, minis ter. There is no black man in all Bal weary-' But she did not speak plain, you must understand, but champed like a pony with the bit in its mouth. ' Well, Janet,' said he, ' if. there is no black man, I have spoken with the Evil One.' And he sat down like One with a fever, and his teeth chattered in his head. 'Pshaw!' Baid she; 'think shame to yourself, minister!' And she gave him some brandy, which she always kept by her. Soon Mr. Soulis went into his study among his books. Down he sat , and thought of all that had come and gone since he was in Bal weary. The more he thought, the more he thought of the black man. He tried to pray, but the words would not oome to him; and ho tried, they aay, to write at his book, but he could not do anything at that. ' There were times that he thought the blaok man was at his Ride, and the perspiration stood on him cold as well water; and there were other times when he came to himself like a Christian childand minded nothing. Tne upsnot was that he went to the window, and stood look ing over Dule water. The trees are rather thick, and the water lies deep and bla,ok under the manse ; and there was Janet wash ing the clothes, with her skirts gathered about her waist. She bad her back to the minister, and he, for his part, hardly knew what he waa looking at Suddenly she turned around and sli owed her face. Mr. Soulis felt the same cold shiver as twice before on that day, and it reminded him of what people Baid, that Janet had died long since, and this waa a demon in her clay-cold flesh. He drew back a little and scanned her narrowly. She was washing the clothes, singiiig to herself ; and, ob, God guide us, tot it was ft frightful face ! Then she sang louder, but there was no mac born of woman that coul.d tell tbe. words of her song. And at times she looked side-long down, but there was nothing there for her to look- at. There wenta shudder through the flesh upon his bonesp and that was heaven's warning. Bur Mr. Soulis just blamed himself, he said, to think so ill of a poor, old, afflicted creature who had not a ctiouJ Ijul uluiauH. -Ami he offered up a prayer for himself and her, and drank a little water— for his heart rase against, the moat and went up to bis bed in the gloaming. That was a night that has never been for gotten in Balweary, the night of the seven teenth^ August, 1712. It had been hot before, as I have said, but that night it was hotter than ever. Tho sun went down among uncouth-looking clouds ; not a star nor a breath of wind. You could not see your hand before your face, and even the old folk cast the covers from their beds and lay panting for their breath. With all that he had upon his mind, Mr. Soulis was troubled; the good, cool bed that he got into scorched his very bones; be Blept and wak ened; he heard tho time of night, and a dog howling up the moor, as if somebody was dead; he thought he heard devils shouting id his ears, and saw ghosts in the room. He must, he thought, be sick, and sick he was— little he understood the sickness. At last his mind cot clearer, and he-sat up on the bedside, and fell to thinking once more of the black man and Janet He could not well tell how— maybe it 'was the cold to his feet— but it came in upon him. like a flash, that there waa some connection be tween the two, and that either or both of -them were demons. And just at that moment in Janet's .room, which waa next to his, there ? came a scuffle of feet, as if men were wrestl ing, aod then a loud bang; then a wind went rustling -around the' four quarters of the house, and then all was once more as silent as tho grave. Mr. Soulis was afraid of neither man nor devil. He eot his tinder-bor and lit a candle. and made three steps towards Janet a door. It was standing ajar, and he pushed it open, I and walked boldy in. It was a big room, as big as the minister's, and filled with grand, old, solid furniture, for he had nothing else. There was a f onr-post bed with old tapestry, and a broad cabinet of oak, put there to be out of the way, and a few clothes of Janet s lying h'ore and there about the floor. But po Janet eould Mr. Soulis see, nor soy sign of contention. In lie went (and there's few that would have; followed him), and looked around and listened. But there was nothing to be heard, neither Inside the manse nor in all Balweary parish, and nothing to be seen but the little 'shadows; turning round the candle. And then all at once tbe minister's heart fluttered and 'stood stock-still, and a cold wind blew among the hairs of his head. What a weary sight was that for the poor man's eyel For there was Jaoet, hanging from a nail beside the old oak cabinet; her head lay fin her shoulder, ber eyes 'were bloodv.thij'to'nguepVajected from tier mouth, and her heels were {brae feet clear above the, floor. ... : ' ?.-.?'.. ? ? -.-? ; uoa xurgivo ub bui uiuugub wa. »uiuio, ' poor Janet's dead. ' He came a step nearer to the corpse, and then his heart fairly leaped in his breast For, by what magic it would ill-beseem a man to jud^e.^he was hanging fromn single nail, and by a single worsted thread for naming hose. . .. -..,'? It U an awful thing to be alone at night : with such a prodigy of darkness, but Mr. Soulis was strong in the Lord. He turned and 'went his way out of that room, and locked the door behind him, and went step by step,' down tbe stairs, heavy as lead, and set down the candle on the table at the : Btair-foot He could not pray; He could not think; he was dripping with cold sweat, 'and nothing could he near but tbe thumbing; of his own heart He may have etdbcTtni r i an hour,' or maybe two, he minded 'so little, when all of -a sudden he heard a low, un usual rustle up stairs, and a foot went to and fro in the chamber where the corpse was' hanging. . Mart the door' wag opened— though, he had minded well thai he nad:lookpd It ana then there was a 'atepnpon the landing, j and it seemed ' to him as : if theoorpse was looking over tbe rail and down upon him where he stood. . - He took up tbe candle again, and, as. quickly as be could, went straight oVit of the manse and to the far end of the fciuije the oandln, when he set It on tha 'ground,, burned steady and ?dear fcMn a roomajtblrig moved but the Dule water, BBePipB.elJa sob bing down the glen, and the uohofr. footstep that came toiling down the slau* inside 'the muose. Hb knew the footstep well, for it wag Janet's; and at esoh Step.'whiob came a little nearer.tbe cold got!Be*per tt Tils vitals. He commended his'soulto -Him that --made and kept him ; '.'-and, iOh, lord,' said he, ' give me strength this night to war against; the powers of evil.' . ? By this time the loot was cpjntaB through *t»»MM*eforttte'flA-r. Bfc tftold hear kani feeling along the wall/as H the K*r-: fuTthing was feeling it* way. The branchftj tossed andtnoaned' together;^ long siafl came over the hills; the flume bf the candle was blown about; and there stood the corpse of Thrawn Janet, with ' her' siagham gown and hertlaok snawl, with the how still upon the shoulder, and . tho frown still upon the face of it— livjbjr, you would have said; dead, as Mr. Roulis well knew— upon the threshold of the numse. She did not Btund thorn lone. Shn .Wan 'to move again, and came slowly toward Mr. SouliB where he Btood tinder the trees. All the life of his body and the strength of his spirit were starting from hiB eyes. It seemed she was - going to speak, but wanted words, and made a sign with the left hand. There cameo gust of wind, like acat'n-paw; out went the candle, tbe tree tons moaned like human beings, and Mr. Soulis knew that, live or die. - this was the nod of it. 'Witch, beldame, -fevil!' be cried, 'I charge you by the power of God, begone ! If you be dead, to the grave; if you be damned, And at that moment the Lord's owe hand, outof the heaven*, struck the horror where it stood. The old, dead, desecrated corptie of the witch-wife, bo long kept from the grave and hustled around by devilB, flashed up like flaming brimstone, and fell ' in ashes to the ground. The thunder caine, peal on peal, ollownd by the pouring rain,' and Mr. Soulis leaped through the garden hedge and ran, with leap upon leap, for the village. That same morning John Christie saw the black man pass the Mjickle Gairn as it was striking six. Before eight .he went by the inn at Knockdown; and not long after Sandy McLellan saw him go slinking down tbe road from Eilmkerlle. There's little doubt but it was him that dwelled so long in Janet b body. Jut he was caught at last and since tnen the levU has never troubled Bftlweary. „ But it was a soia dispensation for the ' minister. Long, long he lay raving in his bed, and from that hour to this he was a changed man.—' The Argonaut.' 