What Happened to "Pinkie." (By Spectator.) I am grieved exceedingly to think that the .publication — though in a sporting strain — of the plain facts of what was decidedly. a most wonderful event, should have so. raised the ire of your contributor "pinkie". ..a rather suggestive appelation by the way — and from the amount of venom infused into his would-be classical, but to many of your readers, scurrilous production, and if there exists only the ghost of a spark of manliness in his com position he will at once tender an apology as a slight' reparation for the grevious wrong he has perpetrated. Referring to myself, I am not a member of the "Opium Olub" nor have I the slightest knowledge of any such institution, except, of course, that obtained through the usual local gossip," and, further, that I didn't find it necessary to seek the aid of any one, nor had to inordinarily tax my imagination in the eompilation of what, after all, was only el ailli juC IBbUlU Ul lULlOt J.1JC7 VI casting an aspersion on a young lady and reflecting on the honor (financially) of any name, honorable ot" otherwise, have no foundation in fact, and could only have emenaled in the fervid fancies of a distorted imagination. But if ladies, young or old, or gentlemen either, will place themselves in a ridiculous position, they must not grumble if they are treated to a mild course of criticism. Your correspondent miscon strued my allusion to the financial part of the business. He knew perfectly well what I was referring to. To conclude, although, according to " Pinkie," I have exhausted the vocabulary of the habitues of the training stable, I haven't even reached the margin of the language (Bill ingsgate) sometimes adopted by graduates from the training college. Our correspondent will notice that we have cut out portions of his letter. As a ' rule we do not ajlow our columns to be made the medium for personal abuse, and had we known the hidden meanings appur-' rently contained in the coriespondence \ye should not have published it. We have been shown a list of membersof the Opium Club, and have pleasure in confirming the statement of Spectator that he is not one of them. — Ed. 