CONNUBIAL BUSS. MOTHERS OF ENGLAND. Better than college honours, Bettor than platform applauBo, Is to bo tho mothor of gallant men Guarding Great Britain's shoreB. Better than Woman's Suffrage, Bettor than visible might, Ib a mothor'a hand on tlio son's life holm. Steering his courso aright. Better than pulseless monument, Bottor than public acclaim, la to live again in a noblo son, True author of his fame. Mothers, dear mothers of England, Best bulwarks of Britain's Bhore, Guarding our country's grcatqcBs, With vour motherhood strong and pure. ' Arming our English manhood With tho breastplate of your love, With tho sword of national righteousness, Tho helmet of prayers heard above. Mothers, dear mothers of England, Tho angels might envy your might, The might of a woman's weakness - When blent with the courage of right. AN ABSENT MAN'S WEDDING \- day. When Joha:Koinblo, tho great tragedian, was married,' I10 wont to- tlio thentre in the evening, and acted as tiBua!,. and it was re marked, with as iniicli solf-poHsossion and tranquility as boforo. TliiB was a great proof of the wondorful.command that John Kemble had over all the springs of piisaion, quelling - or pouring thorn forth nt will; but tho real fact was that I10 had forgotten all about tho marriage, for after the play was over, instead of going home to hiB new better-half, and the friends who were waiting to tako a parting glasa, and wish him ever ao much happiness, ho wont to his bachelor's homo; and tlio friends wore astonished when ten o'clock caino, and ho waa to bo at homo, that no John arrived, noither at clovon or at twolvo. Off to tho theatre thrco of them sallied. ' Mr. IComble loft at'hnlf-past nino.' ' Whore did ho go to, sir ?' ' Ho was drivon to the Tomplo,' Perhaps I10 had gone to take a garcon's farowoll, and was lingering yot fondly over tlie remains of tho bachelorhood. Arrived at the door of the chambers, tho boll was pulled onco, twico, thrice, with no result, and tlioy woro on tho point of going away when the window oponcd, and the great John asked, aB he-, might of the ghost of papa Hamlet. - ' Who is thore ?' ' Why, Kemble, what are you doing thoro ? Wo havo been expecting you theso threo hours, and your wife, Mrs. Kcmblo, iB v distracted.' ' My wife '/'replied John. 'What ? Yos, I remember. .1 had forgotten it.' And tho innooont John soou let in his frienda. Quito forgetting the morning's ongagouiont to onact the part of -husband for life, I10 had gono homo to bod, tallowed . his nose, and was quiotly tuckod in for tho nii'iit. What Mrs. J. K. said when ho was brought homo doponont said not. Mrs. Gadd — I saw y'r husband on th' atreet yoaterday. Ho looked very solemn, I thought. Has I10 got religion ? Mrs. Gabb— No-o; it's only dyapopsio. ?$'$*; A henpecked huaband aaid in oxtenuation of his wife's raids upon his scalp, ' You see she takes her own hair off so easily, sho doesn't know how it hurts to havo mino pulled out.' . A Bible expounder, in speaking of Adam, said: 'When Adam awoko from his first sleep ho diseovered Eve'.' ' I may hare bo ' ';;'i apropos to remark, that ho/ wos1'' on tho ovo. L' of a great discovery.' ' But it' turned out that Adam's first, sleep was his last repose.' ' /? Ssfi When Brigham Young received the boxes containing tlio important Bilk dresses nnd - cashmere shawls for hiB thirty wives, ho Baid to a friend: 'Ah, if you knew the cost of theso goods you would not believe for a 1110 .iiont that I practised polygamy as an earthly . pleasure. r- No, sir! it iB -with - me a ateru duty.' - - TT ' Henry,' cricd Mrs. VoniToodlca, grasp- . ing lie'r somnolent husband by tho arm. 'Henry, there aro burglars 111 tlie house. Get up and go down.' ' Utter nonsense, my dear,' returned Henry. 'You wouldn't havo a' man of my social position associating with burglars, would you '/ You astonish me.'.' In King George Il's time Lord E: ? married throe wives, who wero all Ins ser vants; a beggar woman meeting ' him ono . ; . , j day in the street, made linn a very low curt 'Ah; God Almighty bloss you,' said sho, ' ' and soiid you a long life; if you do but ? live long euuugh I may bo lady E ? .' \ DomcstioTrbuble8.— 'A nice husband you aro!' Niiid 'Madame in a 'passion1. ' You ? i caro leaa about 1110 than- -about t hose pot animals of yours. Look wliiit, you did when your poodle, A/.or, died.' - , . ? ? , Husband (quietly): Woll, I had Iwrn ficutiid! : , Wife (exasporatnd) : You wouldn t havo gono to that expense for mo — not vou, in- ? deed.' ? ? . - \+ ♦' ^ \ ' -vi A nobleman wont to a pawnbroker borrow a thousand pounds upon his wife's jewels, and said, 'I want you to take the stones out of tlio settings and put false ones in their stead, aa I do not want my. wife to v.* know that 1 havo pawned them.' ; ^ ' You aro too late,' Baid tho pawubrokeisj .. 1.''; ' for I purchased 'the real stones- of my lady:-ir.^;5j a year ago.' 1 ivy ? \l- 'The whisper of '^1 beautiful woman,' Baysv^ Balzac,. ' can ' bp Jiuard further- than :the£'.i loudest call of duty.' ' But tho man -who (is creeping; up stairs;-.^ with his boots off, at two o'clock a m., and V hears the whisper, of 'Ins wife. hb. he leansl ' over the banisters, in the darkness, doesn't'! think of her beauty. His chief thought is-| how much he would like to exchange his boots for a pair of wings. rj'i ++ t ^ Infuntine Innoconco. — Little Ada and her| ihainina are in the brougham, with just about) one second to sparo in order to catch the train at the Btation. Lisette, the lady's!' maid, iB closing tlio carriage door. Ada in-'. , sists upon getting out again; sho has not kissed her papa. She is forcibly detained; and assured there iB not time. ' ' Very woll, theu, Lisette, you go to papa;!, givo him ono of your sweetest kisses, and tell ' ' him 1 hadn't timo to come myself.' j 4.4. '* t ; A child, while walking through an ait gal ;,'; lery with her mother, waa attracted by'--a.-,jl statue of Minerva. 'Who is that? ' Baid ^ she. .-'.V:{;i' ' My child, that is Minerva, the goddess of fi wisdom.' . ' Why, didn't they mako her husband,' J tOO?' . ' Because she had none, my child. ' ? ' That was because. 'she- was wise, wasn't C ' it, mainma ? ' waa the artless reply. '' - -' ? 