REVIEWS. "The Irish Rosary."—Some years back the Dominican Fathers in Dublin initiated a movement to check the evil influences re sulting from the circulation of unclean li terature circulating everywhere at the cheapest rates. The result is seen in the monthly, "The Irish Rosary," the Christ mas number of which is just to hand. The magazine is conducted on broad lines, and aims at supplying reading matter, inte resting, amusing, and instructive, plea santly intermixed. A leading feature of the paper is the number and the excel lence of the illustrations. It is a matter for surprise that so fine a production can be brought out at the price—3d. We learn, however, that no profit is looked for, the management desiring merely to pay expenses. The annual subscription is 4/6 (including postage) per year. The Xmas number, being specially illustrated and enlarged, is 6d. Bound volumes for 1899 of the work may be had at 5/ per volume. "The Paraclete."—We have received a manual of instruction and devotion bear ing the above simple title. It is dedicated to The Holy Ghost and to Mary Immacu jate, His Spouse. The earnest desire of the Sovereign Pontiff for the spread of de votion to the Third Person of the Bles sed Trinity is the chief reason why the book was compiled. The preface to the work refers to the dire evils which spiritualism and similar vagaries of the times have brought on the world, and the writer adds: "Now the Catholic Church possesses within her vast treasury special antidotes against all errors and malprac tices. If men will crave after the occult and mysterious, they will find in the Ca tholic Church a true form of genuine Spiritism, by which man places himself in direct and personal communication with the Supreme Spirit, God the Holy Ghost Himself, Who actually comes to abide with him and by Whose influence all that is good, noble, and beautiful with in the sold of man is brought out and raised to perfection, and man himself is made God-like." This valuable little work is published by Benziger Brothers, New York, and the price is 3/. The compiler is Father Marianus Fiege, O.M. Cap. The book contains many prayers, exhortations to virtue, and much solid knowledge on the devotion to the Holy Ghost. A Monster Emporium.—J. Woodman's popular musio warehouse, Grenfell-street. has for a number of years held the lead fqr first-class pianos, organs, &c.; We would recommend all our readers visit ing the city to pay, a visit to the well known establishment, where every taste may be suited, and where a first-class in strument may. be purchased on the easiest terms. Call and inspect the huge stock, and you will find that pianos and organs by the very best makers can be supplied by this firm at the very lowest prices. 