What a Fighting Laager is Like. Wiiilk a piisoner with Iho Boors, Mr. A. G. Hales, correspondent of the London Daily JYiivs, liad a good op portunity of eoeing life in -various Boer laagers in which ho was detnined. The following is his account of his iuiprpssiocs : — In war lime the Boer never under'! any circumstances makes his laagor in the open country if thero aro any kopjes abjut. No matter how secure be may fancy himself from attack, no matter if there is not a foe within fifty miles of him, tho Boer commander always pitches his lunger in a pluco of safety between two parallel lines of hills, so that no attack can be rnado upon him, either front or rear, without giving him uu immense advantage over tho attacking forcr, oven if the enemy is ten times as strong in num bers. By this means tho Boois uiako their laagers almost impregnable. If they havo a choice of ground they pick a narrow ravine, or gully, with a line of hills front and rear, cuverod with small rocky boulders aud busho3. They drivo their waggons along the ravine, aud rnako a sort of rudo breastwork across tho gullj' with tho waggons. Iu between t'lese waggons the women nro jilaced for safety, for it is a noticeable fact that vtry large numbers of women have followed their husbands and fathers to the war,, not to act as virngoo3, not to plaj- the wanton, not to unsex tlioms-slvos, not. to handle tho ride, but to nurso tho wounded, to comfort tho dying, and to lay out tho dead. 1 have heard tliem singing round the camp fires iu tho stailight, but it was hymns that they sang, not ribald songs. I have seen them kneeling by the side of inon in the moinlight, but not in wantonnoss, but in mercy, arid many a man who wears the lJiitibh uniform to-day can boar mo witness that . I speak tho truth. THE UOJSU AND 1HS 1L0KSE. Tho Boer norer, if ho can help it, allows Liinsolf to !io spparated from Ilia horse; and thcso hardy little animals, ' mostly about liftoen hnnd.s high, Mid aro lightly framed, aro picketol closo to tho spot where tho rider deposits his rillo mid blankets. If tboy allow tboni to grnzo 011 tbo hillsides during the day, they run a ropB through tho hnltor nnar the muzzle and tie it closo above tho Itn-jo joint of (lrj near foro log. 15y this moans the horso uan grazo in comfort, but eaunot movo away at any paco boyou-l a slow wa'.lc, and so are easily caught if required in a hurry. Tho □ sou and sheep to bo used for slaugh tering purposes tiro driven close to the camp; a waggon or two is drawn across tho ravino above and below thorn, and they (hen cuuuot stampodo if frightened by anything, unless tlioy climb iho rocky hoights on either sido of them, wlii'.-h tlioy havo small chaueo of doing, as tho KnJiir herdomen sloep oil tho hills above tlieiu. Having pitched his laager, tho commander sends out his suouls. As soon as the mounted scouts set. off on their jour ney, holding tho reins carelosaly in the left lmnd, their handy littlo monger rifies in their right, swaying carelessly in tho saddlo after tho-faahion of all bush riders iho world over, tho foot scouts tako up their positions among tho routes and shrubs on tho hills in front and roar of tho laager. vEach, scout has his rillo in his baud; his pipe between his tooth, his Imndolior ;full of cartridges over his shoulder,wand his scanty bluukot undor his left arm. AS liVEXING MEAL. •When:tno scouts aro out uio ranger .is' fixed for tho night—not a 'very exhaustive proceeding as tho Boers do not go in for luxuries of any. kind.' Hero a tarpnulin is stretched over-a kiud of toinporary ridgo pole, blankets are tossed down on tho haid earth, saddles ato used as pillows,' and the couch ia coiuplote. A . littlo ■* wny ; further down llio lino a rudo canvas screen is 'thrown over tho wheolsof a waggon, and a family, or rather hus band and wife, make themsolves at .homo under tho wa"ggon ; while' tho single men simply throw themselves at full length on tho ground, wrap thoir ono thin small blnukot round tliem, and smoke and jost moriily onougli, whilst tho Kndirs light tho liros and rnako tho colloo. Thero is scarcely any timber in this pnrt of Africa, and -the fuel used ia tho diied manUro.of eatilo pressed info slabs about fifteen inchesjong, eight inches wide and tlirco inchos thick. Tho smoke from the fires is veiy dense, and soon tills tho air with a pungent odour, which is not .imploasant in tho opeD, but would bo simply intolorablo in a building. Tho colfeo is soon uiude, arid tho simple meal begins; it consists of. rusks,^a kind of broad baked until it becomes crisp and hard, and plenty of: steaming : hot coffuo. They livo when out in hinder, like Spartans; tlioy dress anyhow, slcop anyhow, and cat just rusks anil precious little i-lao. Tim CENKli.U, AS'i) JUS ME.V. Afier tua tho T3oors sit down and cloan thoir rifles; tho women move from ono littlo group tQ another, chat ting clioerfully, but 'I 6aw nothing in their conduct, or in tho conduct of any man towards ono of them, that would causo tho most chasto matron in Great Britain to blush or droop her ; eyes. There is in the laager an utter ab sonco of what we term soldierly,disci pline ; men moved - about, went and cacfie in a froo and easy fashion,: just as I havo seen .them do a thousand limes in diggers', camps. . 'I'hcro wau no saluting of officers, no stiffness, no starch anywhero. Tho Genoral lounges about with hands in pockets and pipo in mouth, and no ono pays him any special doferenco. ^Ho talks to tho men, tho striplings'and the women, and thoy talk back to him in a mannor which seems, strango to a Britisher- familiar with (he .ways of military camps. After, tho chatting,' the predikant, or parson, if thero is one in the laager, ruiscs his hands, and all listen with reverent faces while Iho man of God utters a fow words in a solemn earnost foup ; then all knool, and a prayer (loala upwarda towards the skies, aud a fow niornonts later tho wholo camp is wrapped in sloop; nothing is heard hut th'o neighing of horses, tho- lowing of caltlo, Iho bleating of sheep and tho occasional barking of a dog. There is no clattor of arms, no ringing, of . bugles, no deep toned ehaPoDgO:- of < sentries,: no, footfall of changing pickets. J1IDLES, LUi' XO SOAP. At regulur intervals mon ^isu. si lently from the ranks of the sloi'pers, pick up their rides noiselessly and silently liko ghosts slip out into tho deep shadows of the lcopjes, and other men equally silont. glide in from posts they havo boon guarding, and stretch themselves out to snatch slumbor whilst til03 lany. At dawn tho men toss their blankets aside, and spring up ready dressed, and movo amongst thoir horses ; the Knlfirs attend to tho morning meal, tho everlasting rusks and coffeo aro served up, horses are saddled, cattlo nrn yoked (o wnggous, and in (ho twinkling of nn oyo tbo camp is broken lip, and tlio irregular ariny i„s on iho niaich again, with i-cotits (runi'iling ovory pass in front, scouls watching (themselves unseen) on ovory htight They ti'avel fast bo causo limy travel litrlit ; (hoy tiao very littlo water bocauso they find it impos sible to niovii it from placo to placo. Many critics charge thorn with habits of personal uneloanlinoss. It is truo that in their laagers one does not kdo as much soap suid water used as in inr camps, but this is possibly duo to want of opportunity as madias want of inclination. In sauitasy mutters they aro neglectful. I did no! two a single latiino in any of their Lingers, nor do I think thoy aro in the habit of making Uii'in, and to this causo aud to no other I attribute tlio largo ainouut of fever in thoir ranks. Thoy do not seein to understand the last principles of iho laws nf sanitation. I saw no lileraluro in laager .except Bibles. I witnossod no sports of any kind, and the only sport I hoard them talk about was liorso racing. I snw do gambling, heard no blasphoniy, noticed no quarrelling or bickeiing. HOW THE UOElvS I'lGllT. Once as I lay a prisouer in a rocky ravino all through iho hot afternoon, I hoard the rifles snapping like hounds around a cornered benst, 1 watched tho- Boers as thoy uioved from cover to cover,- ouo .hero, ono there, a .little farther on a.eouplo in a - placo of van tage, ogaiu in a natural fortress a /group of t-iglitso.; tlio}' wero plncca ,ns far 113 my eye could reach. Tho -Brin'eh force vI could not 500 at all, thoy vvcro out on: tbo -veldti;; and tlio ■ kopjcsvhid them from ine ; but I could boar tlio regular roll and ripplo of their disciplined, volleys,' aud 111 courso of: time by watching the aciioua of tho (Doers I :could anticipate the sound. Tboy watched our ollicors, and when ;tho.: signal . to; firo wns given -ihey dropped: behind,cover.'-with sueli spued and;:eortainty that seldom a man was> hit. " Then wheu tho leaden liuil had, ceased lo fa'l .upon tho rocks " they sprang' out agniujvnudvgavo our fel lows load for load. After awhile our gunners seorued to Jocato thorn, and the shells came ihrough tbo air snail ing savagely, as leopards snarl before they spring, ancl llio Hying shrapnel readied many of tlio Boors, wounding, maiming,,or' killing then;; yet they held thiir positiou wi'li indomitable pluck, thoso who wero not hit leaping out regaidless of persoual: -danger tu pick up thoso who wero wounded. They were a. slrango, motloy-!ou!;ing crowd,dressod in all kinds of common farmiug apparel, just such a crowd cs ono is apt to seo iu a far inlaud shear iug shed in Australia, but no man with a rnau'u heart iu his body could help admiriug their devotion to ono nnothor or -.their loyalty to tlio causo thoy woio risking their lives for, A I'tTEOUS SIGHT. Ono si.yht which I saw will slay with mo whilst memory lasts. Thoy had placed ■■mo under a .waggon under, a mass of overhaogiug rook for safety, aud thoro thoy brought two wouuded mou. Oiio was a nwn of (ifiy, n hard old vetoran with a complexion as dark us a New Zealand Muori; (ho beard that framed tho rugged faco was llirec-fourths grey, his hands wero as rough aud knotted,by open air toil as .ti)o hoofs of a working steor Ho looked what ho was—a Boer of mixed Dulch nnd French linonge. Later on I got into conversation with hico, aud ho told me a good doal. of his lifo.; Bis father was doscended from ono of tho old Dutch families who had omigrated. to South Africa in search of religious liberty in tho old days, when the county was a wilder ness. His mother bad cauio in anuiri broken lino from ono of tho noble familios of France who fled from homo in tho days of tho torriblo persecution of Iho Huguonots. He himself had been many things—huuter, trador, fanner, fightingman. Ho had fought against the natives, andJio had fouylit against our peoplo. The younger •inan was his ,son, a tall, fair follow, scarcely moro than n slripling,. and I had no neod to b'o a prophet or a prophet's eon to toll that his very hotua wcro- numbered, 'lioth tho fatbor nnd (ho. lad-had; boon wounded bj' ouo of ?our shells, audit was piti ful to watch thorn as tboy lay sido by side, tho elder- man holding tlio hand o£ i tbo, youngor in' a loviDg claap, wbilst'wiih his olber band ho stroked tho : boyish - Jnco : wilh gestures thnt were infinitely pathetic. Just us tho stars' were codling .out that night be tween Iho elouds .that floated over ua tbo vUoer;; boy sobbed his young life out,- and all through tho long watch os of that mournful darkness tho father lay with his dead luddio's hand in his. Tho puiu of bis own wounds must have been dreadful, but I heard no uioan of anguish from his lips. When at tho dawning they camo to tako tho dead boy from tho living man, tho stern old warrior (simply pressed his grizzled lips to the cold faco, and tbon lurned his grey board to tho hard parth and inado n j furthor sign, but. I knew well (hut had tho sacrifice been possible bo would gladly liavo given bis lifo lo 3avo tlio young ono's. 