The Lily of Mordaunt. Bs Aas G. SarmDoN Asoresa of "-The Maaked .Bridal," "The Magic Cameo," &c.;) CHAPTER XIV. raE Duoy LOCKEDU UPON HImt. Arley and her husband proceeded direcdtl to Aorthampton, where they were obliged to remain over night, as they were too late to catch the boat across the C.iannel. hilip observea the most punctilious pouenlere towalrd hs wire; that one sentence of hers-" the tie that binds ,i but a mockery, and I feel that I am nothing to you but a wife in name" -had out him keenly, and had seemed to raise a bamer between them which he could not overcome; while Arley, preerv?ng the reserve of their last in rerview, received his attentions with a qiet uwgnity, aLmost ooluness, which to.a h?m that her .Jfection lor nIH had rre a onoeo which it would be long nm ,ecver'ng from, if inmeed it- ever Ihey might have been merely two aaquaintances travelling together, their maaner anna Dearrig towaru each other were so unaemonstrative, although marated by the strictest courtesy ant gusu breeding. Arriving at Northampton, Philip secured a couple of rooms, and having seen Arley settled in one of them and artendea to everything that would con anee to her comfort, he excused hlm iea to her, saying: "I have a matter of business to at. tena to and may not be in until late. I wal meet you in the morning at breakfast. I hope you have everything son need." ies, thank you," Arley returned, asa ae Dowel huerli eroem her door as I nie acre tating leave of some dis utngisaed guest. aney loosed the door upon him with a sign or refleT and satinsaction at be ing thus let to herself, and then all der izocei composure gave way and she aoaunoned herselt to the overwhelming gaen whcn had nearly crushed her for m~t oi toe day. she had been so happy only that moinmmg-every prospect had neen so bright, her hopes so buoyant; there has not seemed to be a cloud to dim even the horizon of her life, ann now the heavens appeared black above her. how could she live and bear to meet this dread torture?-how live hke a stranger to her husband, whom, despite everytinag, she loved with a deep and a?laing tenderness (thouga, ui she had known twelve hours previous what she now knew, she would never have spoken those words which had made her his wae-yea, she would even have stop paed short and left him at the very utar)? lie had told her that he had no love for her-or the same as told her so that he had sought her simply for her money, and an overpowering sense or degradation and misery swept over her OtU, crushing her to the earth. Then, too, she was tortured by this mystery which enshrouded her bnrthanu parentage. In ence had she come? Could it be posiole that she han sprung Irom ob '.ta--tna sne sauuia ye live to C1s cover her station to be as low ana hume as thalt rom which hea had so staaenly emerged" - , -?.- snecoiuunot believe that; some thing within ner assured her that there was gooan 'Iood an her veins. ner tastes anu aspirations were not low by any means; her nature was retineu, poa s 'ing a natural delicacy beyond any Thing wtich mere culture could have Proauoed, had she been born of plebeian parents. cBut, notwithstanding this conviction, ,eh felt as it her lot just now were harder to bear than that of almost any one uving, and thus it was the first eight of her wifehood was spent in tears ana wretchedness. still she resolved that she would not be crushed by this adverse fate; u there was such a thing as rising above it and conquering it she would do it. So one shoiuld mistrust how utterly wretched she was, and Philip least of all. She would not allow him to imagine that she was broken-hearted beyond re lief over his faithfulness; she deter mined in her pride that, as far as site was able, she would appear like her old self before him, and he shouldbe coin pelled at least to respect and admire, if he could not love, the woman, whom he had won under false pretences and trapped into marrying him. ier lips curled with scorn, her cheeks burned and her eyes flashed with anger as she recalled all the vows he had uttered, all the protestations of affec taon which he had poured into her will ing ears, all the attention and devotion which he had lavished upon her oin avery occasion, and realised that it had all been assumed for so mercenary a" purpose. "now could anyone be guilty of such meanness?" she cried, contemptuously. b" espiso--I loathe it, and my ideal has crumbled to ashes." He looked differently to her-he ap peared different since this discovery-, sad she began to wonder how she oumld ever have thought him so superior to others; yet, in her heart, she knew that the lore which she had given him so unreservedly would be very hard to .; it might even live on and on un it would wear her life away. But in spite of her wretched sleep less mght she appeared at breakfast the exti morning as fresh and blooming as if she had slept the sweet sleep of childhood: and she took pains with her toilet, making herself as dainty and attractire as possible, so that more he one pair of admiring eyes followed r as she swept down the length of the dinng-room to her place at the table. her greeting when she met Philip had been pleasant, though reserved somewhat as she would have spoken to a quaintance-and she chatted with him while she ate her breakfast as freely and agreeably as if she had not atcare upon her mind. ."Well, I must confess she takes the Ittation coolly," he said to himself, and With something of irritation mixed ith his weander at seeing her so pretty and apparentlvy unconcerned, and at the tang so much admiring notice from Sstrangers about them. He had felt very uncomfortable the h before, when Arley had discovered the e had deceived her, but to have ad rhole matter apparently ignored hil treated so lightly at this early date, Sat the same time he was, so to speak, held at arm's length, gave him a S?of personal injury, which, how er ie could not resent without mak -1ttiself ridiculous. - hilen they came to cross the Channel Sp was obliged to succumb to that vrsnt influence which scarcely ever l, to prostrate its victims on those choppv waters, and he retired to his ".te-room in about as miserable a con diton as ,it is possible for mortal to be. Arlev however did not experience nes iliconenience) The motion of the an el seemed rather to exhilarate her, morte .racg sea air to make her -bornli5m t and beautiful. vemi times she sent polite mes by the steward to Philip asking d there was anything that she could to co ntribute to his comfort; aid r she went herself to his door, and ceremoniously rapping for permini sion to enter, put her lovely face with in and inquired, in a musical voice: "Have you any commands for me, Mr. Paxton? I should be very- glad if I could do anything for your relief." "Mr. Paxtonl" She had always had such a pretty way of calling him Philip that this formal manner of addressing him jarred harshly upon him, even though he was almost too ill to take notice of any thing. It told him that she meant to ob serve her out-ard obligations to him; he should always receive proper respect from her but that she would not, go beyond that. He was not to expect any demonstration of affection or regard from her, since he haa forfeited all right and title to anything of the kind. "'No," he returned to her inquiry; "the steward can give me all the atten tion which I may need." But he looked wistiully into her lovely face, from which not an atom of its natural colour had abated. as if he would have been glad to read in those dark eyes something of tihe old tender ness which she had been so free to b stow upon him in the days of their wooing. When at last the vessel stopped at her pier, and he emerged from his en forced seclusion looking like a veritable ghost, Arley, in a very quiet way, as sumed and relieved him from all care regarding their landing, and proved her self so etfficient and sensible in her pro ceedings that he regarded her in aston isalent. They immediately took the train for Paris, and just before reaching that city Axley remarked: "It is quite expensive living at the hotels in I'aris, is it not?" "Yes, if one goes to a first-class hotel," Philip replied. "Then I think, since we are now ob liged to count the cost of everything, it will be better for us to take apart ments where we can have breakfast and lunch served, and dine at some nice cafe. I know that many people do that way." "It seems a little strange, does it not, for people to be quite so economi cal upon their wedding journey ?" Philip observed, somewhat sarcasti cally. Arley turned and looked straight into his eyes, her own exceedingly bright iroui some irnward emotion. "x'eaily, Mr. Paxtonl did you expect that this would he anything else but a strange ene, from first to last?" she asked. loon, without giving him time to re .ply, she added, in a matter-of-fact way: My interests are, of course, allied with yours now, and since it is neces sary tor us to practise economy in every possible way, it is my desire to begin at once." How she would have scorned and laughed at the idea a week previous that she could have talked of, and much less practised economy, she who had scattered her money broadcast with such a lavish hand! "What is your idea of economy?" Philip inquired, remembering her ele gant wedding finery and thinking to be amused by her answer. "I think we can hire three apart ments, two sleeping-rooms and a par lour, in a good quarter of the city, for a moderate sum; we can have simple breakfast and lunch served to us there and dine in any of those nice cafes very reasonably. In this way I think we can make our expenses much lighter than they would have been it we had re mained in London, while at the same time we can have the benefit of the ob jects of interest in dear, delightful Paris. I intend to make the most of this trip, and there is much I wish to see and learn about in the wonderful city." Philip made no reply to this plan, but he was struck with its feasibility and resolved to put it into practice when they should reach their destination, while at the same time he wondered to hear such wise utterances from Arley's lipsl every hour in her society served to develop a depth and strength of character for which he was wholly un prepared. Adversity seemed to have unlocked a door in her soul wherein lay treasures hitherto unsuspected. Arriving in maris, they found three very comiortable apartments in the Rue de Rivoli, and where they arranged situ the landlady for the privilege of ordering whatever they night. need at a reasonable sum. Philip, however, was almost helpless in making these arrangements, for his French was very poor; but Arley could speak it like a native, and chattered volubly while driving her close bargain with madame, yet doing it in such a gracious, winning way, that she seemed to be conferring a favour to take the rooms at any price. They remained in Paris three months, where, at first, they had not intended remaining as many weeks. Arley often wondered when Philip was going to return ?o London and take up his work again, but she had resolved not to interfere, and so let matters take their course. The ltie seemed to suit him; the ex pnuse of their living was not much, if any, more than he would have been ob iiged to incur for himself alone at home, while he had become interested in learn ing the language, and was determined to be able to converse freely in it be fore leaving. Another thing-his pride revolted msoro from going back to London, where his affairs would he knowln and talked about--dhere he rould constantly meet people who had known of his "'great expectations," and his subse quent disappointment. He could not bear to encounter the sympathy of such; he shrank from going into close quarters to live, and,'in fact, seemed to be losing all taste and desire for re suming his profession. Arley enjoyed the sight-seeing as much as she could enjoy anything, with the burdens which lay so heavly on heir heart. heh was obliged to live by herself a great deal, for Philip evidently did not feel easy in her society, and went his oun way, lenaving her to go hers. She was thus often very lonely, being such astranger in that great, giddy city' but she was bravo little woman, ana often when the tears would come with a sudden rush to her eyes she would resolutely crush thems back, and whis per to herself: "I wili try to make the best of it to believe that it is all right," and then ashe would go away to the Louvre, or the Place doe Luxembourg, or the Hotel de Cluny. where, among the pictures and other works of art, she would for get for a time herself and her troubles. Br- anuld-b.y when she found that Philip did not seem inclined to leave Paris. she bought some artists' materials and busied herself with miak ing sketches of rmany of the beautiful things which she saw. and in this way she stored her mind with much useful knowledge of art. and was enabled to carryn anway many sourvenirs of her so journ there. The strangely united pair met every morning with manner most polite, but with the most commonplace of saluta tions; discussed the newspapers, and their experiences of the day before, or, perhaps, when other subjects failed, French culinary art in the most matter of-fact way imaginable. Axrley always looked as fresh and petty as a picture as she sat opposite ilip and poured his coffee, and there -as never any trace upon her face of the many sad and sleepless hours she passed in the silence and loneliness of her own chamber. She was always plea sant and oourteons- always ready to oh lige her husband in every possible way, but she never abated one whit of the dignity and reserve which she had as sumed on her wedding-day. She seemed to be as invulnerable as Achilles of old, and without even one weak point, like him, where she could be assailed and conquered. She possessed a keen sense of the ludicrous; she was full of anecdote and story, while her descriptive powers were vivid and entertaimnng, and these she sometimes employed, when the con versation dragged, to such purpose that Philip would otten find himself watching and listening to her with a strange fas cination, and even sometimes wishing that he could break dosyn that terrible barrier which reared itself so like i brazen wall between them. They lunched wherever they happen ed to be; but contrary to their original intention, they dined in their own rooms at six in the evening. Arley never neglected her toilet; she was always arrayed in some dainty cos tume that made her doubly fascinating. She seemed to grow more beautiful every day; to acquire a certain grace and polish which she had never possess ed before, and to expand and develop mental powers which actually astonish ed her husband. He began to enjoy his dinner hour exceedingly-to look forward to it every day with strange impatience and eager ness, and at this time had Arley given him the slightest encouragement he would have fallen a willing captive to her charms and she could have mould ed him to her will. Two or three times he brought her a tiny bouquet of lovely flowers on his return to dinner; but if he had hoped anything from them as peace offerings he was doomed to disappointment. Arley took them with a formal "thank you," immediately put them in a little vase, and set them upon their parlour table; and there they stood, apparent ly unheeded, until they withered and died, and the chambermaid threw them out. 'Luis hurt his vanity exceedingly, es pecially as he had chosen flowers which he knew she loved, and he had hoped she would tuck them in her belt or fasten them in her hair; but to have them neglected and ignored made him feel that she cared nothing for the at tention as far as he was concerned. He grew tired at length of Paris, and they went from there to Tours for a month, thence to Toulouse for six weeks, after which they crossed the Pyrenees into Spain, and finally arrived at Madrid-that quaint, roman tip old city, which seems to belong to some other world. Once or twice Arley had asked, with wishful eyes, when they were going home, and he had invariably answered that "'he did not know." " I have no heart to go home to be gin at the foot of the ladder again and have everybody wagging their heads over my affairs," he had once said, moodily. "Where will you begin?" Arley quiet ly asked. "I don't know as I care to begin at all," was the frowning reply. "'But can we live like this always?" she inquired, with a searching glance. "Aren't you comfortable? Is there anything that you want which you haven't got ?" he demanded, more harshly than she had ever heard him speak before. Arley drew herself up haughtily. "I believe I have made no complaint, Mr. Paxton," she said, in a freezing tone. "I was simply wondering where the money was coming from to permit of our leading this idle, useless kind of life much longer." "I don't know as you need to worry about that if I do not," he retorted, and abruptly left the room. His keen-witted wife at once reason ed that he was very much worried that if he had not been extremely short of funds her simple questions would not have irritated him thus, while at every change they had made of late he had taken cheaper lodgings and curtailed their expenses in a number of ways which seriously affected their comfort. She became very much troubled by these things tor she ielt that they would only go on from bad to worse if Philip did not soon form some definite plan of action. She knew that he possessed splendid talents; that he was capable of going to the front in his profession if he would only "pocket his pride" and put forth a little energy; and she felt that it was very wrong of him thus to settle idly down and waste these precious months right in the prime of his manhood. The place where they were living in Madrid was very dreary; the rooms were small, the windows high, and the streets narrow and dirty, while the food which she daily placed upon their table was anything but palatable. Arley had never yet broken the hun dred-pound note which Miss McAllister had given her at parting, nor did she mean to do so now. She had never even told Philip that she had it, and now she believed if he knew of it he would insist upon using it, and thus he would sink even lower in inanition; besides this, if he persisted in his present man nor of living, she could, if necessity compelled, use it to return to England and Miss McAllister. who. no doubt, would be willing to give her a home. But this, of course, would be her very last resort. Still, her present position was any thing but a comfortable one, for, while Philip could speak the language fluent ly, she could not understand it at all, and she was terribly lonely and home sick. Tsvo months had passed since they came to Spain, and being so much a lo:o, she had busied herself with draw ing, and painting some in water colours. so that she had quite a colleetion of pictures and sketches, with what she had donesin Paris. These she brought out and looked at on this day, after her unpleasant inter riew with Philip. She was wondering if she could sell some of them, or copy some of them for sale, and thus better their condition somewhat. She felt that it would be intolerable to remain in that place much longer. Still she had voluntarily become Philip Paxton's wife, and she was de ternmned to share his fortunes, good or bad-to be true to her plighted vows just as long as it was possible to be. After looking her portfolio through she decided that she would make an effort-it could do no harm, and it might result in much good. Selecting a few little sketches, she arranged her drawing materials and colours, and set diihgently about her work. For a week she laboured unweariedly; then gathering up the result of her work, she tied them carefully together, dressed herself with great care, and tak ing the package with her, went out. She was exceedingly nervous over her undertaking, for everything was so strange in that-to her-half-barbarous city. She threaded her way through the narrow, and in many places dirty, striets, until she came out into the bet ter portion of the city, and at length entering Montera street, one of the finest in Madrid, she stopped before an art store, where, after a moment of hesitation, she entered. Approaching the counter, she inquir ed, in the sweetest of voices and purest French, if that language was spoken by anyone there. A reply in the affirmative was imme diately given, much to her relief, and then she laid her package down and asked that its contents might be ex amined. The gentleman, who proved to be one of the proprietors, acceded to her re quest, examining drawing after draw ing with a critical eye. These were sketches of every variety -of places, people and scenes that she had observed during her travels; there were fancy pieces, fruit, flowers and figures; comice pictures, serious and sentimental, and all exeeuted with a freshness and spirit, that made them charming. "They are very good, mademoiselle?" the gentleman said, uttering the last word with questioning inflection, and casting an admiring glance into the lovely face before him. "No, monsieur--madam, if you please," Arley replied, drawing herself up slightly. "Thank you for your praise," she added, smiling. "And now, if you think they are worthy, I would like to dispose of them, and perhaps take orders for more." He bent a glance of surprise upon her, running his keen eye over her ele gant attire, noticing its texture, its trimmings of rich lace, and the jewels that she wore. "'.Ahl she is selling them for someone else," he thought, and turned his atten tion again to the pretty collection be fore him. His practised eye told him that there was considerable merit in them, and that, with a hint regarding certain points, the artist, whoever he or she might be, might fill with great satisfac tion a demand in Iris line of business. Arley had happened to stumble upon an honest man. Happened ?-stumbled? No; she had been trying to "make the best" of all her troubles, according to Lady Elaine's exposition of that expres sion; she had taken all her sorrows and burdens to One who was able to help her bear them, and to assist her in her extremity, and now the "happen ing " and " stumbling" had rather been an ordering. The proprietor told her what he would give for her drawings, naming a larger sum than she had hoped to receive, and requested her to supply him with more, at an advance in price, if she improved upon the hints which he wished to give her. She consented, only too gladly, while she received, with a wildly beating heart, the money which he counted out to her, though outwardly her manner was as calm and elegant as it had ever been in a fashionable drawing-room in London; and then, with it clasped tightly in her hands, she went back to her rooms, with a sense of exultation in her heart such as she had never ex perienced before, and to thank God for the talents which He had given her and which she believed, if necessity required, would ensure her a future of indepen dence and comfort. 