VICTORIA BALL. The Bioscope entertainments being given each night this week by Mr. E. H. Steven-<*> son at the Victoria Hall have been the sub-<*> ject of favorable criticism. For two hours there is not the slightest flagging of in- terest, no fewer than 35 different films of moving pictures being shown, whilst over 100 views of various places of interest are described by Mr. E. H. Stevenson, who acts in the dual role of lanternist and lec- turer. Whilst all the Bioscope pictures are especially good, and the flickering ef- fect is fortunately absent, there are two which call for special comment. That of "The astronomer's dream," which is 300 ft. long, is a most remarkable film, and being beautifully colored, it produces a fine ef- fect, the change effects being extraordinary. Rider Haggard's "She" is also beautifully colored, and is most enthusiastically re- ceived each evening. The longest film shown this week was 330 ft., and represents the employes of Colman & Sons, Norwich, to the number of 3,000, leaving work; but Mr. Stevenson will to-night show "Cin- derella," a film no less than 400 ft. long. "Photographing a Ghost" is an interesting and amusing picture, and other films in- clude several train effects, boat race, a pil- low fight, the miller and the sweep, war scenes, and several beautiful sea views. Mr. Virgo has made arrangements with Mr. Stevenson to remain to the close of the week, and three more entertainments will be given, the season closing on Saturday next. A change of programme will be given this evening. \--------------- The pupils of Messrs. Leschen have been assiduously rehearsing for a great demon- stration to be held next Saturday on the Jubilee Oval. As the roll-call numbers fif- teen hundred athletes of various ages, the general effect should be pretty and strik- ing. When a similar performance took place three years ago, the attendance was estimated at between six and seven thou- sand people, and a substantial cheque was handed over to charitable institutions, and the promoters of Saturday's gathering ex- pect to have a record attendance. Messrs. Leschen are giving their services free of all cost. The committee is composed of re- presentatives of all the colleges and high schools, with Mr. E. H. Lock acting as honorary secretary, and Mr. J. J. Virgo as honorary treasurer. The programme will include grand marching, mass exer- cises, and free exercises, leaping, club-swing ing, pyramids, and the Cadet Corps will also parade. 