HORINE'S BEVEME. CHAPTER XX. *N"orine ! And like this, after four years, those two meet again. Norine ! His lips shape the word, but no sound follows. Ho stands before her destitute of all power to Bpeak or movo. Lost in a trance of wonder, he stands looking down upon the fair, Bmiling, upturned face, Utterly confounded. ? I am very pleased to moot Mr Thorndyko. - By reputation. I know bim woll.' These audacious words, smilingly spoken, roach his ear—a covert snoer in tho tone. She bows, taps her fan lightly, and makes some airy remark to her host. And still Laurence Thorndyko stands petrified. She notices, lifts hor eyebrows, and evor bo slightly shrugs her shoulders. *" Mr Thorndyko does not spare mc. To which of my defects, I wonder, do I owe this steady regard ?' 'Norine!' Tbe name breaks from his lips at last. He still stands and stares. She uplifts her graceful shoulders once more—tho old -Vouch trick of goslure he reraombors so well. ' I remind Mr Thorndyko of soino ono, possibly,' she says, impatience mingled with her * society mauuor' this time—-' of somo lady ho knows ?' 'Of some ono I once knew, cer tainly, Mrs — Ab, Darcy,' he re torts, his faco flushing angrily, his old insolent ease of manner returning, 'lam not sure that you would call her a lady. She was a Fronch Canadienne—her name—would you liko to hear her name, Mrs Darcy ?' ?It does not interest mc at all,* Mr Thorndyko.' ' Her name was Noriue- Bourdon, and Bhe was liko—most astoundingly like you ! So liko tbat I could swear you were ono and the same.' - 'Ah, indeed! But I would not take a ra?h oath if I were you. These accidental resemblances are so decep tive. Mr Wentwortb, if you will give mc your arm, I think I will go aud look at tho dancers.' . The last words were very markod. With" a chill, formal bow to Mr Thorndyko she took her escort's arm, and turned to move away. With that angry flush still on his faco, that angry light still in his eyes, Laurenco Thorndyke interposed— ' Mrs Darcy, they are playing tho ' Soldaten Liedor.' It is a favorite waltz of yours, I know. Will you not give it to me?' She turned upon him slowly, a swift, black flash in hor oyes that made him recoil. 'You make a mistake, Mr Thorn dyke ! Of what I danco or what I do not* you can possibly know nothing. For the rest, my time of mourning for my husband has but ju?t expired. I do not dance at all.' Thon Bhe was gone—tall, and fair, and graceful as a lily. Laurence Thorndyke drew a long breath, his face aglow with genuine admiration. ' By Jupiter !' he said, 'Who'd havo thought it! In the language of tho immortal Dick Swiveller, ' This is a staggerer !' Who'd have thought she'd have had the pluck ! And who'd havo thought she'd ever havo grown so handsome ?' ? You do know her, then, Mr Thorn dyke'?.' bis host a?ked, in intense curiosity. Mr Thorndyke had forgotten him, but Mr Allison was still at his olbow. His reply was a short, curious laugh. * Know her ? By Jove ! I used to think' so, but at this moment I am inclined to doubt it. Have you not heard her deny it, and ladies invari ably tell tbe truth, do they not ? These accidental resemblances are so deceptive 1' Ho laughed shortly. ' So thoy are, my dear Mrs Darcy 1 Yes, Allison, it's all a mistako on my part, no doubt.' He turned and Bwung away to escape Allison, and think his surprise out. His eyes went after hor. Yes, there she was again, the centre of an admiring group of all that was bost in the room. Her beautiful dark face Was all alight, tbo black, beauti ful eyes liko dusk diamonds, the waving hair most gracefully worn— by all odds tho most attractive woman in the rooms. Those years had changed' her wonderfully—improved her ..beyond telling. The face clear cut and calm as marblo, tho lips set and resolute, the figure matured and grown firm. About her there was all the uplifted ease, the ineffable self poise of ~ a woman of the world, conscious of her beauty, her wealth, and her power. ' And this is Norino—littlo Norry, Laurence Thorndyke thought in his trance of wonder. ' I can hardly bolievo my own senses. I thought her dead, or buried alive down there in the wilds of Maino, and, lo ! hero she crops up, old Darcy's widow, beautiful, ologant, and ready to faco mc with tho courage of a stage heroine—the woman who has done mc out. of a fortune. Tins is her revenge ! And I thought her a lovo- Bi'ck simpleton, ready to lie down and die of a broken heart the hour I loft her. By George 1 how handsome she has grown ! It would be easy enough for any man to fall in lovo with her now.' She meant to ignoro tho past, utterly ignoro it —that ho saw. Well, ho would take his cue from her for the present, and see how the farce would play. But —was it Norine?— that self-po?sessed, regal-looking lndy Could it bo that those dark, calm, haughty eyes had ever . filled with passionate tear? at his slighost word of reproach ?—had evor darkened with utter despair at his going ? Could it be that yonder beautiful, stately creature had waited and watched for him in pale anguish night after nigbt, bis veriest slave? —bad clung to him, whito with diro?t woe, when he had scon hor last ? Proud, uplifted, calm —could it be ?—could it bo? ' ' Norino, surely ; but not the Norine I know — a Norine ton thousand times moro to my taste. But how, in heaven's name, has she brought this transformation about ? Miss Jane Liston !—old - ListOn's niece ! By tho gods, I have it! I soo it all! Liston is at the bottom of this. It is his revougo for Lucy West ; and they have worked and plotted together, whilst I, blind fool, thought him my friend, and her too feeble soul and body to do anything but droop and die whon I left hor.' "Yes, ho saw it all. - Liko inspiration it came upon him. In his? own coin ho had beon paid ; the trodden worms had turned, and Lucy "West and Norine Bourdon woro avenged ! Mr Thorndyko withdrow from every one, and gavo himself wholly up to the study of Mrs Darcy. Thero wa? no Bcene ; Mrs Allison need not havo feared it; no gentleman present'be haved himself moro quietly or decorously than Mr Laurence Thorn dyke. How wonderfully she had changed! How handsome Bho had grown ! —that was the burden of hia musings. And she had loved him onco —ah, yes !—' not wisely, but too well.' They say first love never wholly dies out. He didn't know himself ; he had had so many first loves— centuries ago, it seemed to him now. They cer tainly had died out, wholly and entirely. But with women it was different. Had she quito outgrown tho passion of her youth 2 And if it wero not for Helen, who could tell— He broke off with a sudden impulse, and joined her. For a moment sho was alono in a curtained recess, wield ing her fan with the languid grace of a Castilian, and watching the dancers, He camo softly from behind and bent his tall head. * Noriuo l' If she had boon stone-deaf eho could not havo sat more perfectly still and unheeding. ' Norry!' . No motion—no sign that she heard at all. ' Mrs DarcyT She moved slowly now, turning hor graceful shoulder, and lifting the brown, tranquil oyos full to his faco. ' Did you address yourself to mc, i Mr Thorndyke ?' * Norino, there is ho ono to hoar ; for pity's Bako, havo done with this farce ! Norine ! Norino ! as though I should not know you anywhere, under any name !' ' Mr Thorndyke,' Mrs Darcy an swered, hor soft, sweet voice singularly calm and clear, ' if you persist in this > atraugo delusion of yours I shall be forced to throw myself upon tho pro tection of Mr Allison. As tho adopted nephew of my late husband I havo no objection to mako your acquaintance ; iv tho light of a former friend I utterly refuse to know you. I am Mrs Darcy. If you insist upon ad dressing mc by any othor name I shall refuse to hear or answer.' There was no mistaking the tone in which that was said. His oyes flashed fire. * Take care,' he said ;?' even you may go too far ! What if I tell th? world Mrs Darcy's past ?' Tho dark, disdaiuful gaze was upon him still. ' Ts that a threat, Mr Thorndyke? I do not know you; I never have known you, if you nay that I have, I am prepared to deny it at all times, and in all placea. My word will as much weight as yours, Mr Thorn dyke. I am not afraid of you ; and if this is to bo tho manner of our con versations, 1 decline henceforth hold ing another.' She arose to go. He saw he had made a mistake. It was no part of his desire to make an enemy of her. ' Forgive mo,' he said, humbly,' for give mo, Mr? Darcy. The resemblance is vory striking ; but I am mistaken, of. courso. You remind mc of one I loved vory doarly once—of ono whose loss ha? darkened my wholo lifo. Forgive mc, aud let mc bo your friend.' The Bcorn in tho dark, contemp tuous eyes might have blighted him ; but of late years Laurenco Thorndyke was "well used to scorn. ' Friend ?' she said. ' No, I do not make friends lightly. Acquaintance, if you will. For Mr Darcy's sake — for tho sake of your groat disappoint ment pecuniarily—l am willing to be that.' . 'It was deserved,' ho faltered, las eyes averted. '1 havo repented— heaven knows how bitterly. That I have lost a fortune through my own misdeeds is the least of my punish ment.' ??'~'??? i i Sho turned from him, sick —sick at heart with the utter scorn she felt. As her gaze wandered away it foil full upon anothor face — tho face of Richard Gilbert. ,' V : " Ho was watching them. As he met her glance he bowed and walked away. A flush that Laurenco Thorn dyke had not for a second callod thero came vividly into hor pale cheeks. 'And for this craven —this hypo crite, I fled from him, spoiling my own life and his for evor. Oh, fool! fool ! fool! What can ho have but acorn and loathiug for mc now ?' She rose impatiently. All at once tho presence of Laurenco Thorndyke had grown intolerable to hor. "With out a woffd of excuse she bont her head to him. slightly and frigidly, and moved away. Mr Thorndyke was not ottended. The course ho meant to pursue in re gard to Mrs Darcy was not yet quite clear. This, however, was —ho would not lot her easily offend him. llis friend sho should be. Who could toll what the future might bring forth j* With all her girl's heart and strength sho had loved him onco. A tatuous smile came over his faco as ho glanced at himself in the mirror. Not bo good-looking as of yore, certainly; but late hours, hard driuking, and the fierce excitement of tho gaming table had wrought the evil. He would change all that—go in for reform— total amendment of life —try sculp ture, aud become a respectable mem ber of society. Meantime ho would soo.all ho could of Mrs Darcy. By Joyo! how handsome she had looked —what thoroughbred good style shft was ! And if hidden under all this outward coldness tho old love still lay, how easy for him. to fan the smoulder ing embors into bright flame. And then—and thou ? A vision roso before him—Helen in tho shabby rooms at home, writing far into tho night, to earn the bread his childron ate. Whilst Helen lived, lot his uncle's widow lovo him never bo well, what could it avail him ? ' There is tho law of divorce,' whispered the small voice of tho tempter. 'To the man who wills all things aro posaiblo. Mr Darcy's for tune and Mr Darcy's widow may bo yours yot. You have played for high stakes before to-night, Laurence, my boy. Play your cards with care now, aud you hold tho winning hand.' From that night a change began in Laurence Thorndyko—bogan on the spot. Once moro that night he had Bpokon to Mrs Daroy ; then it was to say farewoll. ' You have told mc you will accept mo as an acquaintance,' ho said, vory quiotly. ' Life has gono hardly with mc of late, aud 1 bavo**learned to bo thankful oven for small mercies. For what you havo promised I thank you, and will not easily forget it.' She bowed, gleams of scorn in hor dark, brilliaut eyes. So thoy had parted, and very grave and thoughtful Mr Thorndyko went homo. The change bogan. Leas driuking, less gaming, better hours. His wife looked on with suspicious oyjos. She had reason to suspect. ' Givnn up gambling and going to try sculpture ! Leon Saroni has givon you tho run of his studio, has he? I don't understand all thi?, Mr Thorn dyko. What new project havo you in your hoad now ?' ' Going to turn ovor a now leaf, Nellie. Give you my word I am,' replies Mr Thorndyke, keeping his temper with admirable patience. ' Going in for legitimate industry and fame. I always felt I had a genius for sculpture. I foel it now more thau evor. Soon, very booh, you may throw this beastly copying to tho dogs, and we will livo in comfort onco more.' The woDder and' incredulity of his wife's faco as Bho turned back to hor writing infuriated him. But ho had his own reasons for standing well even with hor just at present. ? Nellie,' ho said, aud ho stooped to kiss her, 'I've been a b-uto to you, 1 know, but you care a littlo for mo still!' Her faco flushed as a girl's might under her lover's first caress. Then she coverod it with her hands and broke into a passion of tears. He Boothed her with caresses. 'It will all bo differeut now,' ho said. ' Forgivo the past, Nellio, if you can. I swear to do bettor in the ?future.' Forgive! What is thoro that a wife who loves will not forgive P On her wedding day Helen Thorndyke had hardly been moro blessed. With a glow on hor cheeks and a light in her eyes, strangors thero for mauy a day, sho wont back to her drudgery. And smiling a little to himself ?3 ho lit hi? cigar and sauntered to Siguor Saroni's studio, Mr Thorndyke mused **"' They're all alike—-all! Heady to forgive" a man seventy times seveu, let him do as ho may. Heady to sell themselves body and soul for a kiss ! And what is true of Helon shall be true of Norino.' So Mr Thorndyko set'to work, and with untiring energy, bo it Baid. ' Deserted,' ho meant to call this pro duction of genius. It should tell its own stcry to all. The white marble faco would look up, all wrought and strained iv its mortal anguish. The locked hands, the writhing figure, all Bhould tell of woman's woe. Tho faco he had in his brain —;as he had seen it la?t down there in the light of "the summer noon. All was at stake hero. Ho must not —he would not fail. And while Mr Thorndyke chiselled marble, Mrs Thorndyko copied law papers. She had met Mrs Darcy moro than once in Mr Gilbert's office, and Mr Darcy's proposal had been laid boforo her. Her eyes had kindled, her faco flushed, as she refused. 'Leave my husband ? No"er! Whatever his errors, he loves mc at l eas t_-has always been true to mc. All other things I can forgive. Mr Darcy meant kindly, no doubt —so do you, madam, but I refuse your offer, now and for ever. 1 will uot leave my husfeand.' The gravely beautiful eycs.ot Mrs Darcy had looked at hor compassion ately. , ' Lave you !' sho thought; * always beeu true" to you ! Poor littlo foc-11' For sho knew hotter. She and Mr Thorndyke met often. Now that ho had gone in for respectability and hard wort old friends camo back, old doors flew open—society accepted him again. He was eve? an acquisi tion __ brilliant, handaome, gay. Married, it is truo, but his wifo never appeared. Truth to tell. Mrs-Thorn dyko had nothing to wear. Mr Thorndyko iv some way rejuvenated hi? wardrobe, and rose, glorious as the Phcenix, from tho ashes of the shabby pa?t. They met often, and it passionate admiration — passionate I OV0 _ e ver looked out of man s eyes, it looked out of his now, when thoy rested on Norine. It was part of his punishment, perhaps, that the woman;, bo had betrayed and cast off should inspire him with the one supreme passion of his life. Sho saw it all, and smiled, woll coutout. She was not perfect by any means. Hovongo she had bound her self to have. If revongo camo in this ehapo bp let it como. Evory paug he had made her suffer ho should feel— as sho had been Bco?ned, so she would scorn him. For Mrs Thorndyke— woll, was it not for Mrs Thorndyke she had beon for3akon ? She was his wiEo, at least—let his wifo look to herself. So two months <vent by. Thoy- met constantly. As yet he had never offended in words. They woro friends. Sho was interested in his ' Deserted'—she visited it in company with somo acquaintances at the studio. She had praised it highly. If she recalled the rosomblauce to herself, in tbat day past aqd gono, no word or look betrayed it. 'It will bo a success, I am suro,', sho said ; 'it is so true to lifo,4hat it is almost painful to look at it.' Then ho had spoken in ono quick, passionate whisper— ' Norino, forgivo mo !' . The, dark oyes looked at hire, not proudly, nor coldly, nor angrily now. thon fell. His whole faco flushed with rapture. ' I havo somothing to say to you. You are never at homo when I call. Noriue, I implore you, lot mc sco you alono once. 1 ' Ovor her face thero camo a sudden change —— hor lips set, her oyes gleamed. What it meant ho could not tell. Ho interpreted it to suit ?his hopes. 'I- will sco you,' sho said, slowly. ' Whon will you como.* ' A thousand thanks. This evening if I may.' She bont hor hoad and turned from him. ' Whom tho gods wish to destroy they first in aJo mad,' she thought. ' I know as well as you do, Mr Thorndyke, what you aro coming to say to-night, and I shall not bo tho op.lv listener.' 110 leaned in . a sort of -ocstacy against his own work. At last! eho would ccc him—she would hear how ho had repcntod—how ho worshipped her—how tbo only hope that lifo held for him was the one hopo of winning back her love. OE Helon ho never thought—nevor once. It seemed so easy a thing to put hor away. In compatibility of temper—anything would do. And eho had tho prido of IJucifor—she would uover lift a'finger to rotnrd tho divorce. CHAPTER XXL 'My Dear Mrs Thomdyke,—Will you come aud spend the evening with rue? Fetch tho little people. I shall be quite alone. " Jano Darcy." It was not tho first tinio such notes had come to the tenemont house—not the first time they had been accepted. Lauronce was always away. The late hours had begun again—the evenings at home were bo dreary. It was a glimpse of tho old glad life, before poverty and hard work had ground her down. Yes, sho would go. Mrs Darcy, very eitnply, but very prettily dreesed, welcomed her. Baby Nellie eho took in hor arms, aud kissed fondly, but little Laurie, with his father's bold blue eyes an.d trick of face, sho shrank from. The father eho could face unmoved ; the old pain actually came back when she looked at tho child. As they sat, a pretty group in tbo gaslight, a card was brought in. Mrs Darcy put the baby off hor lap and passed the card to Helon. ? Your husband,' she said. ' He begged for this mtervjow, and—l have granted it. But I wished you to bo present. "Whether Ido right or wrong yon shall hear what ho has to say to mo. You love and trust him still. You shall hear how worthy he is of it; but, first, have you over heard the name of Norino Bourdon ?' ' Noriue Bourdon 1 tho girl whom Ijauronco ' ' Botrayod by a false marriage—for whom be was disinherited. lam sho." ?Youl' -- ?. Helen Thorndyke recoiled. ?It was Norino Bourdon, not Jane Liston, Mr Darcy married. Hava you not thon the right to hear what your husband has to say to rue ? But it shall be as you wish.' ? I wish to hear,' Helen answered, almost fiereoly ' I will hear.' Nowno throw open a door. ' Wait in this room. I will leave tho door, ajar. My maid shall take the chflilren. And bo sure of this ; noither by. word nor look shall I tempt your husband to say one word more than ho has come to say to-night.' Helen Thorndyko passed into the inner room, and Norine Darcy rang for the servant waiting v/ithout. ' Show Mr Thorndyke up.' ?Ho *ca_6 bounding lightly and eagerly up the stairs and entered. She arose from her seat to meet him. In full evening dress, his face slightly flushed, his blue eyes all alight with eagorness, be had never, perhaps, in the days when sho bad adored bim, looked so handsome as now. Sho smiled a little to herself as she recalled that infatuation. How long ago it seemed! And for this good looking, well-dressed, heartless liber tine she bad gone near to the gates of death. ' Norine !* ?.-.. . Ho clasped the Bmall hand, shining with diamonds, that she extended in both his, his tone, his eyes, speaking volumes. . ' Good evening, Mr Thorndyke. Will you be seated ? Quito chilly for September weather, is it not, to night?'- . , She sank gracefully back into her easy chair, the gaslight streaming over her dusky Canadian'loveliness. Sho made an effort to disengage her hand, which he still held fast, but he refused to let it go. ?No, Norino, let mc keep it. Oh, love, remember it was orrce alb mine. Norino, Norine, on my knees I im ploro your forgiveness for tho pa?t!' He actually sauk on ono knee beforo her, covering tbo hand he held with passionate kisBOS. No acting h ero —that was plain, at least. The infatuated man meant evory word he said. '.Forgive mc, Norino! I know that I have siunod to you beyond all paudon ; but if you knew how I have suffered—huw the memory of my crime has madje, my whole lifo miserable—bow, to drown the torture* of memory, I fled to the wino cup and, tho gaming table, and to 'Marriage with Miss Helen Holmes, tho heiress. Ob, I know it all, Mr Thorndyke. Pray get up. Gentlo mon nevor go on their knees nowadays, except in melodrama. Get up, Mr Thorndyko; let go my hand and sit down liko a rational boing. I insist upon it.' ' A rational being!' ho. repeated. 'I have coasod to bo that since your return. It* is" my madness, Norine, to love you aB I never loved any woman before in my lifo.' Sho laughed, toying with tho fan sho held. 'My dear Mr Thorndyko, I re member perfectly well what an abso lute fool I was in tho days of our acquaintanceship four years ago. Even such a statement as that might have been swallowed wholo." But it iB four years ago, and—you will par don me—l know what brilliant talent Laurence Thorndyko has for graceful fiction. To how many ladies in the course of his 30 years of life ha? Mr Thorndyke made that ardent declara tion, I wonder ?' * You do not believe mc ?' ?I do not!" ' Norino, by all " 'Hush —h—h! pray don't perjure yourself. Was it to toll mo this you camo here this evening, Mr Thorn dyko ?' "^ 'To tell you this and much more, if you will liston. From my soul I have reponted of the past—how bitterly nono may know. I loft you-—great heaven ! I sit and wonder ot my own madhoss now—ond all tho timo I lovod you as I never loved any one else. I married Helen Holmes —yes, I cannot deny it;. but what was Ito do? I was bouud to her—she loved mo—"my honor rooted in dishonor etoo.d," and I married her. There is a horrible fatality in thor.e things. Whilo I knelt by the altar pledging myself to hor my whole heart was back with you. *I will own it—despise mo more than you do already, if that bo possible—l married her for her wedding dower, and because I dare not offend Mr Darcy. Wealth so won could bring little happiness. I fled from home and her presence to drown remorse and the memory of my lost lovo in drink. So poverty came. 1 was reckless. Whether you lived or died I did not know ; I dared not ask. In abandoning you I had spoiled my wholo life. Then suddenly 'you reappeared, beautiful as a dream, bo far off, so cold, so unapproachable— you, my love 1 my love! onco my very own. You held mo -at onm'a length, you refused to listen to a word, and all the time my heart was on firo within mc; and to-night I have como to speak at last. Norine, I have sinned, I hove Buffered, I hove repented—what more can I say ? I lore you madly—l always loved you 1 Say you forgivo mc, or I'll never ri?e From your feet!' Once more he cast himself before ber, real passion, its utmost abandon ment, in every tone. She had let him rave on, never moving, her cold eye? fixed upon him, full of hard, con temptuous fire. - ? ?' 'You mean all this, Mr Thorn dyko ? Yes, I sco you do. '? And you love me—you always loved.me, even when you cast mc off, and .married Miss Holmes—roally and truly ?' ?Really and truly. - I swear it, Norino !' ' 'No, don't swear, please —its against my principles to encourage profanity. But isn't it rather late in tho day to toll mc all this ? ThoTo is your wife—you don't care for her, of courso ; but still, you seei she is your wifo, and a gentleman's wife is rather an obstacle when that, gentleman makes lovo to another lady.' .. Tho lino irony of ber tone, be did not bear—tho scorn of ber eyes ho did not see. The ? madness of the gods' was upon bim —blind and deaf be was going to bis doom. ' An obstacle, but an obstacle easily set aside. In any case I mean to have a divorco. I never cared for hor— thore are times when I loathe ber now. A divorce, with permission to marry again, I shall obtain, and then, Norine ' ....... He made as though to clasp her. With a shudder of. horror and'repul sion she waved bim back,-And still ho was blind. ? ' Andyour children,Mr Thorndyke? ' That shall ho as Holen wishes. I don't caro for them —nover cared for childron. Sho may keep them if sho wiskes. If I had loved hoy it would bo easy to love her children. You consent then, Norine? It is as I hoped. You forgive tho past. You will yet be mc wife. Oh, darling, my whole life shall be spent in the effort to blot out the past and make you happy. You love mo Btill—say it, Norine.' ~,,-, He clasped both her bands vehemently. She aroso to answer. Before tho words of passionate scorn on ber lips could be spoken the innor door opened, and Helen Thorndyko stood on tbe threshold. ? Great heaven 1 Helen I' He dropped Norine's bands and staggered back. For a moment be al most thought it her ghost, so white, so ghastly with concentrated passion, was she. She advanced —she tried to speak. At first the words died huskily away on her dry lipa. M have beard every word,' sho panted. ? You coward! You basest of all base cowards 1- Though I live for a hundred years, these are the last words I will ever speak to you. Living or dying, I will never (forgive you—living or dying I will nevor look upon your faoe again. Norine!' '** She turned to ber suddenly. ' You offered mc a home and a com petence pnee apart from him. For bis sako I refused it then—for my children's sake I ask it now. I have no hope left but in you and heaven.' Her bend fell on Norine's Bboulder with ono dry, hard aob, and there lay. Norino Darcy drew her to her side, bor arm clasping hor closoly, and so faced Laurenco Thorndyke. ' " Every dog has bis day." It is not a very elegant, adage, but it is a true ono. Your day has been, Mr Thorndyke—mine has como. For it I have hoped and worked—for it I have let you go oh —for it I have listened to the words you have Bpokon to-night— for I concealed your wife yonder, tbat she might bear too. You love mc, you say. lam glad to believe it, since a little of tbe torture you once made mo feel you shall feel in turn. For myself, all memory of the past is gouc. _ou are so utterly indifferent tome,so utterly contemptible in my sfght, that [ have not even hatred to give you. To mc you are simply nothing. After this hour I will never see you, never speak to you. For your wifo and children I will provide. You did your best to ruin mo, soul and body, because you hated Richard Gilbert. I take from you wife and children, and what you valuo far more—fortune. I think wo are quits, and as there is no moro to be said, I will bid you good night. Liston, show this gentleman to the-, door, and admit him here no more.' Then Mr Liston, pale of face, soft of step, furtive of glance, appears on the scene. Still clasping the drooping form of tho outraged wife, Norine moved towards' the inner room. Laurence stood quite still, his arms folded, listening to all. The game was iip. A demon of fury, of disappoint ment, would possess bim by and by— just now be only felt half stunned. He turned to tho door with a harsh laugh. ' I havo beard of men who murdered the women thoy loved, and marvelled at them. I marvel no longer. By heaven! if I bad a pistol to-night, you would never leave this room alive, Norine Bourdon 1' (To be continued.) ? \ ? - 