A FEDERATION ODE. The Idea of the Premier as to Federation being celebrated by an ode from some poet of "native lire" Is very creditable, of course, to his sense of the fitness of things. But the difficulty 1m this case would probably be to find his Inspired singer. Experience cer tainly is' not favourable to the conclusion that the right man will be -forthcoming under the conditions which It seem3 are to be the pre scribed ones In this case. We have, Indeed, In Australia a good many graceful and me lodious poets, .If not one perhaps of really strong fibre. But. on the other hand, we have an appalling number of poetasters. They, It Is very probable, ff such a thing as a prize happened to be in the wind, would rush in where more authentic bards would possibly decline to .trend. Prizes offered for poetical competitions have seldom, or never, elicited anything worthy' of the name. There was a single exception; Indeed, even in relation with Australia's short record of such things. . The poem written by Henry Kendall for the open-' ing of the Sydney Exhibition of 1870 was not without fine traces of its. author's genluo.. But we are all famlilar with the story of poor Kendall's next experience as a prize com- petitor.for the' poem which was Invited for thq' Melbourne Exhibition; p- year or .two Inter, A Colllngw'ood linen-draper manufactured, some wooden verse which was preferred to1 that of the author of "GhostGlen."Butslmflar( experiments have been equally disappointing, even when made in "lands of old; renown" .In the poetical way. One of the most memor able Illustrations of tlie abortlveness of such attempts to bring genius to the front was as sociated Wl,th the reopening of Drury Dane Theatre' early In the present century. For our playgol-ng grandslres that wa's'a great event, In every' respect one /which- deserved to. elicit, the best effort of some of the contemporary builders of the. "lofty rhyme." They were plentiful enough at that period. . The prize of: fcred by the- Drury Lane Committee was a tempting one,- too, but it attrhctc'd no eom-f petltor of the right sort. The compositions sent in by. the merely-rhyming tribe rivalled, Ittt'Sald, In absurdity the skit Tit which they were subsequently ridiculed, the famous "Rejected Addlesses" of the Brothers Smith. Lord Byron's miise hud to be Invoked , at last," In order to save, thq situation. ' The ' Premier Should think cariifully as to the possibly- be- wildering' array of spirits w'hom his contem plated ''prize" poem may -call: up ifrbm the depths of poetic duncehood. 