A Rare old Book. [Contributed by Charles E. Turner } Part II. Further references to this quaint old book show that nearly all the civilised countries of the world have received notice from this keen critic, many of the remarks being, anything but flattering. While others refer to oustoms and habits whioh no self-reBpeoting news paper could indulge itself in publishing how ever interesting they may be to the student of the post. In saying this, however, we muBtremembor that the middle centuries- in- dulged in far freer language than is now per mitted in decent society. Of ' Ireland ' it says : ' Ireland is of^ all countrjca most temperate neither forcing the iuhnbitanta to suckc shade from tho frying heut of. Cancer nor the chilling cold of. Capricorn to drive them to the fire.' 'Nature writh Gyrnldous hnth cast Into tills Western Kingdome. n mere gratious ayr than is ordi nal y .Their oath was by St. Patrick's etnffe which they feared more to brcake than if they had swornc by the Evangelists.' 'Their antient custome in makingtheirknigeswas thus — % white cowe was taken well the King must kill mid sooth the same in water whole, then must lice bath himself therein naked ai)d sitting in ye caldron where itt vas tbyled (iccompanyed with his nobles round about him hco nnd thoy use to cat the flesh and drinkc t he broath without cup or dish or use ot hand.' ? ? , All this iB very quaint if not over compli mentary to the habits and customB of Ireland. Perhaps too the following will be taken as another insult to tho Emerald Isle : 'There women and dogs are very faire ami comely nod o£ the largest size in the world.' ?'FRANCE.' 'It is very populous, the inhabitants are for the most part of an ingenious nature, curious, luxurious nnd inconstant; they are (and alwayes were) noted for great boasterx, entring into an action like thunder, but ending itt like smoake.' ' Their said to bee like a flea quickly skipping into a country and as soon leaping out, the Uutcli like a cowe slowly raiiistering a place and as slowly driven from their hole, the Spaniards like a crab well being crept into a place is there so fast rooted that nothing but the extremity o£ violonce is able to fetch him out.' It must be remembered that this was written at the time when the principal nations of Europe were France, Holland, and Spain, before indeed the Dutch fleet sailed up the Thames and bidden defiance to England and her navy. ' The proverbe is the Italian is wise aforchaud, the Germatrin the notion, the French afterwards.' ' The language ot the Spaniards is said to bee manly, tho Italians courtly, the Kronen amorous.' 'They neither pronounce as they write, nor spcake as they thinke, nor sing as they prick.' A reference probably to the old custom of prioking over a score with a pin as it iB being ?sung...; 11 SPAIN.' 'Thoy are impudent braggers and wantonly proud in the lowest ebb of fortune, as appears by the poore cobbler on his death bed who commanded his eldest sonnc (coming to him for his blessing) to, endeavour to retain the name worthy so great n family. Another Spanish woman attended with 3 of her bratts went a Pegging from dorc to dore. Some merchants pyttlng her case offered to take into their service one of the boyes, Bheo (proud though poorc) rcplyed shec scorned that any of her lineage should serve a prcnticcship for ought shee or they knew her sonnc might live to be K of Spain.' ' Another being whipt through Paris went a very slow and majestick pace, being advised by one of his friends to goe faster that hee might the sooner bee out of his painc, said in Cholcr that he would not loose (alter) sic, the least step of his pace for all tho whlnninc in Paris.' ' Tho proverbe is the French arc wiser than they seom nnd the Spaniard seems wiser than hee is.' ' In matters of warr the Spaniard is to Slow and dull the French too heady ana precipitate, the ono looscing as many fair occasions by delayes as the other overthroweth by too much haste. Itt is a very lofty swelling speech full of complement and courtship ' ' It is observed if a Spaniard have a capon or any fowlc you shall see the feathers strewne afore his dore, or if hee have but an olive to his dinner lice will stand at his dore picking his teeth as it hee hai eaten flesh.' All this is evidently- the common talk of travellers who have themselves visited the regions referred to, and seen what is now so quaintly stated. The following however rofers to a seot, now happily defunot, though portions of their customs, habits, and belief etill exist among the people known generally as Mormons. : 'ANABAPTISTS.' ; ' They held that a man should not be tyed to one wife but marry an many as they please. Thoy uso to fall down in the streets nnd within an hour after rise again and say they have seen a vision. One of their prophets had 15 wives.'' ? Happy old patriaroh this must have been. ! It is a wonder that with such freedom from restraint the seot evor died out, or found it necessary to disappear to other lands. ?'Hee that is aweary of his wife may put her away and take another.' Shade of tho new woman, what heresy is thia ? Perhaps it is woll for the Anabaptists that they have died out, otherwise a certain class of literature directed against man and which was exceedingly popular a fewyoars ago might have been their portion and fate. Tho probability, however, is that the reason why this peculiar religious seot disappeared was in consequence of the rivalry in popula rity which the Divorco Court gave. To a certain extent tho Anabaptists of this period i must have folt that their privileges were being unduly interfered with, and gavo thoir j religion up in disgust so as to obtain tbe greater publioity whiob the rival Divoroe Court would give. The following, however, must have helped greatly in keeping the sect alive, and outbids in cheapness and celerity even our modern Registry Offices : — 'They marry not -in the congregation but in private saying 'llless will Hum have me a brother of the Lord, a man newly regenerate of water and the holy gho.st 1 Ale you of that Church whereof I am ii member V Shoe answereth 'I am remunerate and will co-habit with no body but a brother of the same faith,' to whom he replyeth, ' (Jive me thy hand anil give me a kiss and I take thee an wife both for fnlth approved in baptiam and because mysplrit is exceed ingly enamoured of lliee.' ' This lost is certainly tho best reason of all for taking a wife ; any way, that is the only portion of this extraordinary service whioh has survived the wear and tear of -the oonturios- ... ' In Paphlaguniii is a well that mn'kes men drunk that drink of Itt., the reason is because ye water rceeivoth the fiimesitlon of brimstone and otheV mineralls through wch itt runneth nnd retaining their virtue itt lilleth and intoxlcateth the brain.' As Du Barbas writes : 'Sutmiim, fountain and thou Andrian spring, Out of what cellars doe you daily brfiig The oyle and wine that you abound with bo, ? , O Earth, do these within thine entrails grow, ' ? What ? bee there vines and orchards ondcr . ground, ...... Is Bacchus here, autl Pnllns art thou found.' ' Pllnio speaking of a water in Silimonia wch'is - - . jxtreamly cold yet if a man oast! his cloth cloa'ko jpon itt is incontinently set on fire.' . . ' ' In Sardinia are certain fountains yt hive this ? -'?? strange property that if there hm a cause to dcnw »ny on to his oath lice yt ia perjoried nnd drinks ^ thereof becomes blind and the true witness sceth ' more clearly. A vory curious ohapter is that headed 'Termes of Falconers,' and places the whole of this forgotten eport plainly before the reader. One only of theso rules may be quoted as probably proving the etymology of '* a certain word whioh endures to this day and ? perhaps showing in a new light the cause of t i modern orazo. ' Bousing is when a hawke driukcth often nnd . - seems to be continually thirsty.' ^ Faloonry has ' died tho death,' but methinks ' bousing ' still exists among the hawks pf ;?'??'?' mankind, and is likely to survive for many more generations. A very fine chapter is devoted to ' My father's instructions,' and quite throws the famous Lord Chostorfield into the shade, the following being just one* excerpt therefrom.' _ ? ' Bee tender of yr reputation but judge itt. nott maimed before indeed itt bee, for tlmts a jealouacy often possessing fooles but seldonic troubles a solid mid sober head.' 'OF COMMONWEALTHS.';. ... . . i ' Commonwealths is reduced into three kinds, the lint where one alone doth govern and is called . Mouarchin, the 2nd where the Noblemen hear rule and ^ is called aristocracy, the 3rd where the multitude do rule and is called Democracy. To , rule is, understood to have the highest and supream-, est authority of commandment. The usurping of ye rascality can never long endure but necessarily broodcth and quickly bringeth forth a tyrant, as a little before Ciusar's time. Of this hath Athens, Syracuse and other old cytics had experience.' One can imagine this fierce old tory look ing down upon ' ye rascality '' with a bitter hatred whioh no inherent justioe of their cause could assuage. Not has the desire to. shoulder pike with Cromwell's Ironsides, as 'ye rascality' was called upon to do some forty years after these words were written. Tho whole sentence, too, is absolutely ,pro phetio of what was to happen in England after the Commonwealth had been established. The following is a very fine metaphor descriptive of the dangers to whioh republics aresubjeot: — '?The commonwealth is like unto a garden whero in nature hath planted goodly liorbea And seeds, . pleasant, necessary, nnd profitable.' Not a word wasted hero, it is really rnagnifir oent English. ?' In the weh also are many weedes wch for lacko of virtue arc cast out when they grow up, so such members as are the decay and destruction of a com monwealth are nott to bee tolerated but the law, ' ' sword and authority of the magistrate aro to cut., them of.'1 ? ? . . ? Scant moroy is shown again hero to, , ' the weedes,' tho writer evidently being one ' whoso heart and soul were on the aide of - ' tho prinoe.' '? .-?? ? . ','' ' A good commonwealth arid perfect Estate ' aan* '-!' not be established, the virtuous lifo of tho print* j makes countryes of strength and force, for lawea «m--,i nothing worth except the prince by his godly Ufa, \ yield to law niul authority.' . -?,? Then follows this beautiful sentence, ; diep, pithy and concise — ? ?? . ' Lawcs can doe nothing without authority, but authority mny tloe much without lawcs.' This sentence ia indeed as worthy as any ?.-. in the book and has a distinct savour of Sic ' Francis Bacon about it whioh is very notioeable. These aro but .a few of the many- quaint and pithy sentences whioh this anofent book contains, and serve to show how keen an observer its water was. It is to be hoped that tbo publioity whioh will aaoue to it from . this notice will materially help in fitting it with the history such a book must possess. [The writer of this artiolo will bo very pleased to receive correspondence from any one interested in this matter, and will gladly give further extraota and information about, it should such, be desired. Address this : office. — Ed.] --.. -.-' 