[Abridged.] "Hle went and preached to the spirits in pri son."-I Peter iii.. 19. And "as He is so are we in this world," says St. John. Much ingenuity has been expended by the representatives of cer tain phases of theological thought in the vain endeavor to explain this glorious incident away. When they succeed in arguing the sun out of the heavens they will succeed in eliminating from the hearts and hopes of men the glorious lesson of this incident. It is direct, intelligible, historical, con elusive. It appeals to the best and deep est instincts of man's better nature, and, moreover, it is God-inspired; and as such it is a revelation of the justice and mercy and tenderness of the Universal Parent. There is nothing in fact or fiction that compares in wonder and in interest with the glorious unveiling of the unseen world, the picture 'of Al mighty ]ove Incarnate entering the prison-house of disembodied spirits, and there, surrounded by the ghosts of men and women drowned in the flood, pro claiming the charter of man's salvation and restitution - "I am He that liveth and was dead, and behold, I am alive f.or-r. 1,ve ,r ,0,.7 ..?"- i i and life of this great solemn fact, this soul-comforting revelation of the des cent of the Christ into Hades is, to a certain extent, dependent upon the clear recognition of the Incarnation in it~ touble aspect, as a revelation of God to man, and the interpretation of man to limsclf. In the.first aspect Jesus was the inter preter ofGod, and, therefore. His actions are revelations of permanent attitudes of the mind of God. He was the Mani fester of the moral character of the in finite Originator, and this not partially or imperfectly, but in completeness. So that when the Apostle declared, "In Him dwelleth all the fulness of the God head bodily," it is as though he had said that all the nature of the Universal Soul that can be expressed to and received by men, all the sweet reasonableness that there is In God has uttered itself, em bodied itself in the Divine Man. And .now you know, if you are believers, that ,te. universal diffusion of the Divine Pqrson in whom you live and move and have your being is not a formless force like electricity, or a boundless abstiac tion like your idea of space, or a far distant awful throne in the skies, but an all-inclusive Being, loving with an ever lastin'- love, closer to Him thari'breath ing, whose character is the character of Jesus - that the God whom tradition has taught you to-praise' and tremble before is such a one as Jesus. When I-e sany to us absolutely, without limitation or reserve.. "He that hath seen Me hath seen the Father." there is no met.phy sicnl confusion, no denial of the absolute purity of the Godhead. ,io' is there when on Trinity Sunday I pour forth my an thenm of adoration to Jesus as the Al mighty, and say, "Thou only- art holy, SThou only 'art the Lord, Thou only, 0 Christ, with the Holy Ghost, art most high in the glory of God the Father. SLANDERS AGAINST GOD. it O, it seems to me that one and the first inevitable conseqI'ences o9 the reve lation of the moral character of the Uni versal Soul is the complete bbliteration of the degrading phantom of the Al mighty torturer. The medieval doc trines of corrupt Latinism. the-brilliant but'lurid imagination of a Dante, are reedgilsed in the light of the Jesus -evelation of God as man-made slanders agaiist the infinite Love and Reason, in whom we live and nove and have our being. The terrible ordeal of the second death, to which in justice and mercy self-degraded and, impenitent natures must be doomed, as were those who sin Sncd at the time of the Flood, is seen to be the beneficent Divine procedure whereby illimitable Love changes death into life, where God unmakes that He may remake the soul, and Hades is seen to be the eternal process- moving on From state to state the spirit walks, And these arc.but the shattered stalks Or ruincd chrysalls of man. To accept the Jesus-revelation of God is to believe in the infinite resources and endless changelessness of responsible love: it is to be convinced that there are no depths into which His love will not go in searching for His lost; it is to be co nvinced that The sun will pierce The thickest cloud ever stretched, That after last returns the first, Though a wide compass round be fetched; ,What began best cannot end worst. I Nor what God once blessed proee accurst. And 1 ask you to acknowledge this transcendent incident of the missionary dr-scent of Christ into Hades recorded by Stl.Peter, endorsed with -all the au thority of inspiration, the soul-living optimism of Browning, for it describes verily and literally, with an accuracy as to detail from which there is no escape, the Sun of. Righteousness, . the mis .sionary activity of the Universal Soul piercing one of the thickest clouds earth ever stretched, that cloud of doubt, of mystery, of terror, which hangs like a funeral pall over the future and the in finite in the world beyond the grave. To those who apprehend, so far as the human intelligence can apprehend, the absolute identity of Jesus with the Uni versal Soul.it represents the Infinite Ori ginator, the Creator embodied in Jesus. releasing the souls of men undergoing the r'emedial discipline of the unseen world from the agonising sense of dereliction. from the age-long misery, by revealing to them the truth which alone can save the soul in the midst of the tangled prob lems by which it is surrounded here, namely, the essential and unalterable and irrevocable inseverability of God and man. THE IMMANENCE OF GOD. But I have a lesson that I desire to draw from it. In this descent into Hades we see one of the greatest secrets and responsibilities of our several mo ral natures. Jesus, as the speci men of the race, was the inter preter of man to himself. Man is as great a mystery as God--he is so com plex, such an amalgam of apparently con tradictory elements, that the hardest com mand that may be given to man is "Know thyself." Imagination and perception" and memory and conscience and will and inspiration perplex and baffle us; we want to know what we are and whence we come. God has told us out of heaven itself, what we are in the majestic dis closures of the Incarnation. Jesus in this aspect is God's picture lesson of His ideal of our common human nature; Jesus is the objective manifestation of that subjective divine sanity which is tbr attribute and possession of humanity as a whole. Jesus was the climax of that utterance of the Creating Spirit which is imminent in the universe and incarnate -in man. Jesus was the embodiment of .the supreme dominant force of the uni verse, of the power that animates the atom and controls the planet. "By Him," saysSt.Paul to theColossians,"all things subsist"-that is, hold together. What electricity is to matter that the im manence of the Word is to the universe The soul of the universe expres sed in all -visible things finds Its highest expression on this planet in man,'and of that expression the pure and sacred manhood of Jesus is the one perfect manifestation. But, now mark the leason I desire to draw-the in ference. The all-inclusive power immi nent in the universe, embodied in per fection in Jesus, for the purposes of ob servation, transcends personality; it is the possession of th4race, and God's ful' Christ is not one man, but the multi tudinous race of man in Him. 