By MABEL. COLLINS, •Author of "The Mystery of Blythewaite Hall," &c.; [Published by special arrangement with th* author. All rights reserved.] TART lit The song stopped on the landing outside the open attic.door. "Yea," said the voice, "and the breeze does scrufflay-ay-ay-ay-ay up 'here! It's that draughty attic!" and 'tine next moanent t'tie attic door wis pulled to and—locked. There was a sound 'then, as of some trunk being opened and shut on the .binding, and then the song was taken -up again and the light footsteps pattered downstairs. Flip and Minn stood petrified -with dismay —she with a finger in her month; he with ins hands in has pockets, his legs wide apart, iris brows lifted. They were locked in to the nrice amtt goblins! » Flip tried the door. Yes, sure enough! Locked in ! "If onty," said Flip, "we hcd a chair or something to sit daoivn on. This is awful bare! Why, thereisn't anything! We could bev done "without fcfimtfcles and things in the fields, but—here! And—and noth ing to eat! Let's—shout!" "You -about!" said (Mimi. It seemed a boy's duty. "Ow!" yelled Flip. But the yell was only mocked by evil things hidden amongst the beams andVafters, and fax away sound ed the Ifltdug refrain of a waltz Song. ■'lTti.it"a my big sister Alice ringing," said. Minii. 'We might die up 'here, and no body cares! Oh, I do feel mis'able! Don't • you, Flip?" "If I ;hed a chair, I wouldnfifc," said Flip. "But this is awful bade!" "Shout again!" said "Mimi. "Ow! Ow!" yelled Flip. Still no answer, save from beam and' rafter. Then Mirni broke suddenly into tears." • 'Don't ciy,:.Mimi!" srM FJfip, growing a little white in the face. ""'See, roll up ydui " nock -raound your waist and sit -down,, arid you won't feel so 'tired.-. It'll comfort you a little not to feel tired, and 111 make a ijiee little piBow with, my jacket, sd's you can sleep if you want to. • And I'll tell you a lovely, fairy tale. And I bev my pistol, y<ou knaow." / •Mimi sat down and sobbed-. •• She-knew there were mice -arid hofogdblkis--«nd ghosts in this room when rnght-time canie. Efea where did hobgoblins live, if not in places like this, that ndbody else wanted?" "Well," remarked Flip, after a long silence, "we hev got the haouse, aaiykaow.* But his small itnderfip quivered, and there was a -shine of 'tears in- his eyes-asi-he. made "his brave little joke. "We hev got the haJpuse." '.>■••■' ■■■_ -' .'. .. And now began -commotion! next door. = For the ring bad) come for Afimi, tend1 iMimi ivras nowhere to be found-—nor - Master Plhilip. After an excited search, through the whole house and' grounds Sophia, very pole and agitated, vahmtecred-.t&e-informa; tion that they had—eloped. "Eloped, Sophia," cried Flip's mother. "Yes," said Sophia. ' ""Bam away. I heard 'Flip say they -were going to. But' I thought it was jimt—baby talk." ' "You should know by this time," said Flip's motoer'severely, "thai Philip never teillcs just baby telle. There te ahways-soime kind of plan 'behind: ft You bad better part on your hat and- see-if yon can find them. Alary- can go, too, in some other direction. The idea." But, of course, they did not find them. Mary, instead, found an interesting young policeman, to whom she. enlarged tearfully; —-he was a mice pink arnkwihifce .policeman.—-' " upon the awful state they were in-. . "The young imp," said the policeman, rather -fascinated by the idea of Flip's elopement. 'Sophia, meanwhile, had interviewed greengrocers and butcher's-iboys, ibufc baa gathered no information. What she did gather was a small crowd' outside -the front door. There was a murmur of "Have they found them?" "tret away." Them two;little kide eloped. What are . you.! giving, us?".. "Poor lmirns," and 'Tters's'gipsies-on Friar's Green." ' ■By 'the time Flipf-s fatherland Uncle Bob came- home the eixAvd had-killed Flip and Mimi with a -cab, given1 them over to the gipsies, sent the-mothers raving, mad and, in fact, di-sposed-.of the1-whole of both fami lies, save and except the: ostomshed .father and unfile who now appeared upon the Tike sight of the growing crowd had frightened Flip's mother into tears, and the sight of her. tears had frightened Miiiu'a mother into hi-steries—sister . Alice -was out on the 'hunt with Sophia and Alary—apd the sight of two. women-, one in tears and the other in hysterics, and a crowd out side the door completely bowled Flip's father Over. He supposed Flip to be killed and mutilated! beyond all -recognition, and it was fully ten minutes before he could make bead or tail of the broken- and in terrupted narrative. Uncle Bab, mean while, 'had gone out to fetch a policeman and get the crowd dispersed. - (Granny, happily, was blissfully-asleep.) - -From the - policeman he learnt that the young nip- - per .'had .bolted with the lit-'tle Aliss from" next door, tind that both families were 'in" an awful state about it.. Then the.police- . man sauntered up leisurely and waved a 'hand majestically to the crowd, while Uncle Bob rushed into -the house to find.out what Flip's father meant to do. "This comes of talking before children!" said Flip's mother. "The idea of talking about Lucy and Captain Gregers before Philip!" "Why, it was-j'ou 'that asked me to ted ' you all about it-there arid then!" Uncle , Bob could not help retorting in self-de fence. . "Oh, -be quiet," said Flip's mother dis tractedly.1 "Look, at' poor Airs. Stein esby. there! You've.made, her-ill!" Have you got that, awful crowd away? ■ Where'3 Sophia? Where's Mary? Oh," my poor': head! Get Airs. Stainesby some wine or.'1 something, Tom—-somebody! Oh, dear!-," Fm sure I don't know what I'm doing!-" Don't take on so, dear! - AVe shall find 'them all right. Oh, mv head! Tirat Philip! He's his father all ' Ova:. Granny—" At this point Mima's lag sister Alice , came in, looking very flushed and very finxions and very pretty. Now Flip's Uncle Bob had only just- come- down "from London, and from the first—which was pre cisely two days ago—rhsd cast;; eyes of ad- - miration on Mhrii's big sister Alice, and for tire life of -him he could.not .concentrate the whole' of his attention on Flip, while ' if Alimi's sister Alice was only thinking about Mimi, why should she .blush so very shyly and prettily? Depend on it, Fate, as well as Flip, meant to make a big thing out of . this, elopement. Aleanwhfle, up in the attic, the hobgob lins had begun to creep out, for the twi-" ■light shadows were gathering fast, arid" from the lumber closet came, the sounds of . busy gnawing. ' ■ , . "That's mice," whispered ATimi. "Are they white riiiee, like Tommae Pat ten's?" enquired Flip with some interest. He had now seated himself on the floorj after one last futile attempt to open the door with his small nails. "I don't know. Listen! That's a —ghost!" whispered Mimi. "This place is full of ghosteses. Oh, I wish I hadn't run away." ; "Why, you're in your own house," said Flip. "Well, I know.- "(But if everyone thinks I've run away." whimpered Mimi. "Don't cry, there's a pet!" said Flip, get- - ting up to put a comforting -arm about her. ' "Let's think about bread and butter and strawberries. Oh—or lee- cream. No, leFs have—let's have—" "I want my mother ana sister Alice!" sobbed Mimi. "I shaH never seetbem again. You're a nasty boy for—for making me run—run away with you. Boothoo—boo—oc —boo! Go away! Leave me alone! Ah; ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!" . It was a whole chromatic scale of whim pers, and Flip for some moments sat spell-; bound, looking at the small, • screwed-up face. The distortion seemed quite a clever piece of work. "I could slap you, I could! Boo—hocr hoo!" said Mimi. ''Well, slap me then," said Flip.-patient ly. "I never locked ns in!" But relief was coming. , "Do you think they can have got it into vour house. Miss Staihesby?". asked Uncle Bob. and his gruff voice bad grown so mel low his own mother would not have known • it. ' . . - "Oh, T thought of that." said Alice, "and I've looked all over. I've searched the whole Ihouse 'from the cellar- to . the—to , the—" y A sudden click in her heart finished the sentence for her, with -a note of iritejroga- ■ tion after it, and; to, Untie. Bob's surprise and discomfiture . sister Alice.vanished like a will o' the wisp. She went round to the back to escape the eyes of the crowd. "Somebody's coming' now, Mimi!" said Flip, patting her soothingly. "Don't cry, Minii!" The key turned. The door opened. An angel rushed in and clapped each little mor tal' on a strong young shoulder. "Oh, ycm'n&ughty;, wicked, darling little desperari-o!" cried the angel, smacking one kiss on Flip's dheek. "Oh, Von shocking, nvuggy, frightened little baby lamb!" smacks^ aaotiJjBr on Miani's* .And ^he came Tudhing in with them so, and a very sweet, merry sister AMee she looked. "Hejoice -with me for I hove formd the pieces of mischief that were lost!" dhe laughed, for Uncle Bo!b had, same!h!ow, set her heart in the happiest glow. He was a. fine, strapping young soldier, and there is such a 'thing as love alt first sight, believe .roe. ' ' . "I hev made Mimi cry," said Mip, in Still, small voice. "I never meant to make her cry.. Did Aunt Lucy cry, Uncle Boh, when the Ceptain ren away with her? But —hut we only got to—to the etti-e! P'reps thet's why!" >1 ■Everybody had. now begun to laugh, and et this they laughed the more. Uncle Bob stole a glance alt ilium's " big sister Alice, and Alice stole one alt him. Then they I both" blushed, and Uncle Bob called downl benedictions on the "Ceptain" for having1 eloped with Lucy, and: so brought about this very pleasant and exciting situation, which was suggestive of romantic thoughts, and likely .to lead to — oh, many things! Sophia thought it> was time to get the murmuring crowd - away. That big baby pouceman "was no use, she informed Mary. She went out on to the doorstep and look ed at the gapers critically. "Well, 1 said I could fcol auy crowd, to the door if I liked!" She said. "And I've done it. The children have been safe in the bouse all the time. So there!" With ! that, Sophia shirt the fron't door upon them with something of a twinkle in her sharp, bright eyes. "Well!" said the Crowd. 