LOCAL ASD OTERAL ITEMS. Our Supp^ififENT.— — The ' supplement to thiB ' evening's iesoi contain,:— Poetry, 'What the Census Tells Chapter Xil. of the Bensational stjry, Iieralion's Heir;' Our Singleton and Muswellbrook betters; Hunter District Water and Sewerage Bo«rd Meeting j Cricket ; Cycling j District News- Newiastle, Greta, Scone, Camber well, Mulbrinfj, Morew; Eedfern Auction Sales; Small Agricultural Sbowo : SuddoboI Cannibalism in Queensland Advertisements, etc. . A Danqbrcis Practich. — Of late a large quantity of banmas baa been Bold in Maitland, and, as there are nany people who prefer eating the fruit in the striet to taking it home, the amount of skin on the foolpaths has correspondingly increased, ti the sertous danger of pedestrians. On Monday evening, a youtg girl, daughter of Mr. C, E. Wilks, was walking nj Charles-street, when she slipped on a piece of banina skin, near the corner of Higb hfcroet In fal^ng the was thrown down the cellar at Barry's Hotd, the door of which was open at the time. Fortiinrtay, she escaped with n fow cuts and a badly ,brtised kneo ; but the accident might eseily hare had a serious result. Care should be taken to'depisit all fruit skin in a place where it; will not be a menace to people walking in the streets.' i TjtE Ai'pb&pbiatiow; B ill. — It is the 'intention of the Premier, if opportunity permits, to introduce the Appropriation Bill, and also, if possible, t ) bring in the Loan .and Supplementary Estimates to-day or to-ihorrow. Sir William Lyno last night stated that he was thoronghly in earnest in en deavojiring tj olose the session at th»» end of tho presod; week. Strskt Accident. — Yesterday afternoon a lady and (entleraan were driving up High-street in a bugt'j, and when opposite the corner of Churoh strHetrhe horae shied at some stones on the side of the raid, where the Council's labourers are putting in a e;mflnt watertable. The rosult waB that the unima rushed to oWb side, and ran againat a horse belonging to Mr. H. H. Capper. The crossbar connecting cne suarcs or tha buggy was broken, but no other damage was done, and both horses eacap-d without injury. NorrnmtN Jockey Club Committee. — There were inly three committee men present at a meet ing of the above body, held last evening at the fcSportiman'u Arms Hotel. They were — Messrs. J. W. Brktmboad (chairman), A. A. Wall, and C. Pdrk.1 The hon. aeoroDaries (Messrs. W. M'JLiRuchlin and V. Atkinson) wero also in attendance. Messrs. O. K. Young, W. C. Markwoll, F. A.'S. Bowden, and Er. R. G. Aleorn, sent apologies for nonattend ance. A statement of tho receipts and expenditure iu connection with tho late rnco meeting was tandored by Mr. M'Lauohlin. Receipts had been : Nomiiations^nd acceptances, JE70; sale of privileges, J358 10 i; right of TattBrsnll's, £2; semaphore, J!n8 ; L 'gor rnserve, £13 2s ; bookmakers' feeB, J!20 s total,X2ai 12s. Expendituro : Prize money, £225 123 ; handicappur, £10 10s ; advertising, JE18 9b 9d ; prinbng, JC1 8« Cd; refreshmentB (police). 18s; officiila, £8 10s ; stamps, telegrams, &o.;, £2 9i Gd i total, £2G7 5i 9d; leaving a debit balance of £45 13b 9d. The amouut received as members' , fucu iinn» the laBt a-inual meeting, Mr. M'Lauchlra BtateJ, hud been £39 18s. Thoro is at presont a vncaic.y on tho committee, and Mr. H. J. Adams rem laminated for tho position. A special meeting will Ve arranged at T?hich the election will take place. Mr. E. Chippeuda.ll wrote stating that bo understood some charge was to bo mndo against him, and expressing a desire to bo givon a chance to- defend himself. Mr. Cbippendall was called into tho room, and at tho Chairman's request Mr. M'Lauahlin formally made a charge, which was to the iff set that Mr. Cbippendall had made a state ment reflecting upon au official of tho club. This, Mr. Cbipponddll denied abaotutoly. Aftor tho matter had been argued between Mr. M'Lauohlin aud Mr. Chippendall, tho Chairman said it, was a matter entirely between thomselvos, and that the committee had nothing to do witb it. The accoun tn weru panend for pnymcnt, including one submitted by Mr. Cliippandall, and the mooing terminated. Mn. D, O'Connor on tiiis Immortal Dbad. — In the debato on tho names of Federal electorates in the Asoembly last evening Mr. D. O'Connor delivered a characteristic oration iu support «f tho proposal ts altor the name of Cudgogong toRobort son. Uo said : — As to tho namo of Robertson, there can be no nainn more uoblo. Robertson represented Now Souta Wales, aud not only represented them, but educited Now South Wales. I em goiug to point out that, thoro is an opportunity offered to- night to pay a coaplimont to tho mighty dead. Thero aro many wajs in which tho uatiou could oommemoruto their greut men. Ton put up statutes to them, but while thoj're alive they're misunderstood in many cases nnd crucified. Ho was a mau who gavo up nil for all, aai vrhon shall we look upon his like again P Tho timo has oorao in this Chambor, which ho adorned by hie presence, whero men who to-duy taottly ocsupy positions win pass away ana do ior gotton, lilco those little croaturos whioh are born in the morning/mid disappear vrben tho sun goon down. The nnme of Robertson iB immortal. It lived in tho heart and in tho recollection of thousands of homos. Tlio humblcut mau in thn humblest capacity roarud boqb, aud were enabled by his intelligont logislation, who under ordinary conditions wero doomod to bo bullook-drivurrt or to dig out tho hovels of tho oarth, by tho heroism of tho Btatesmannhip of Sir John Robertson to sand their daaghtorn to tho highest schools, and thoir hoiib to win iu Now South Waloa tho imprimatur of tho University. To-day some of tho mont distinguished mon are barristers nnd most sucooosful ouen. Now io tho timo to show gratitude, and to p 'rpetuato tho immortal momory of tho man in connection with tho groat event of tho birth of n nation. Nevor a greater oomplimont could bo con ferred, or a noblo or a more honourable ono to tho ' imperishable BorvlcoB of tlio groat and gifted states man, Sir John Robortoon. Naturo's Remedy for Coughs, Colds, Influenza, and all Ghost Troubloo, COIUErJlAWE Si SOM'SS EHIRUB-F/aEfflED E.UC0JLYPYE fcKTRACT For Fevers of all kinds it iB invaluablo. It is one of tho bo3t Disinfectants in tho WORLD. Always inBist.on COLEMANE'S. Promotions and Tuanspkrb. — Tho Publio Sorviou Board has approved of the following pro motions and transfers -Mr. W . E. Leckio, tole Btnph-Iino repairer, Walgot.t to a similar position nt Cooma, vice Carroll; Mr. W. Edmunds, tolc grapb moenonger, WenJ: Maitland, to bo battory mau, West Maitland, vice Cronidoy. EBTABIilSHMUNT Olf TbMPUOIU OfKIOBB. — It iB nnnouneed in the Government Qacette isnuod ou tho 27th inot., that tolophono officos liavo boon ostnbliubod at Failford, Nabino, and Tunourry. PllTirARINO I'OIl THIS ComiONWBAL'MJ CltLKIlRA 'jionb. — Ponplo who dosire to witness tho oelobra tions in oonneetion with tho Inauguration of tbo Commonwealth, and who have delayed obtaining accommodation io tho metropolis, aro now experi encing groat difilaulty in .getting rooms. In some casus, applicants have been informod that thoy oan havo a room for a guinea a day, whilo tho celebra tions last; and intending vioitora find that thoy orn obtain n room or rooms for ono mouth ,ns cheap an for tho first weok in January. Not only aro visitors askod to pay high prices, but it is nnid thnt Sydney lodging house propriotorn are raioing the rates for thoir regular borders, who will thus be made to suffer oven more than country visitoro, fprit is only reasonable to suppose that tlioy aro not persons of sffluoncn— indood, some of thorn, in ordinary' times, have difficulty in paying their way. Anotlior thing whioh will' probably qauiio troul)lo,.in tho food sup ply. During thp ,jubi(eo' festivities, tbo eating houson in Sydney ran short of provisions, nnd many poopla'hnd' to go hungry. W.ith gpptl w.eathor, tho njutflbo*; of ,Ti»itoro, w|ll bo f%r grsator during the first week in ^be new yoar.'and' thoijo porsona will be-wlad.nho ttikd' Hdmo fo'odl Pribintation to Mb. James Boyle.— Mr. JaneB Boyle, who occupied the position of a warder in the Eiftt Maitland gaol for eleven years, recently retired from the service and ib now landlord of the Tradesman's Arms at Singleton, where, we are glad to learn, he is making many friend* and doing a good business. During hie residence at East Mait luQd he provsd himself to be a most efficient officer and a worthy citizen. And his late comrades in the gaol, to show their heArty appreciation for their popular friend, have presented him with a neat malacca walking stick and a stiver mounted. pipe as a tangible recognition of their esteem fo-- a gentle man of many virtues and estimable qualities. For such manifestation of their good-will towards him Mr. Boyle is indeed grateful to his late comrades, and he .assures them that when using both articles, which are moBt useful and ornamental, he will have an excellent opportunity of thinking of the pleasant time he spent amongst hia late comrades. Public School Teachebs Transferred. Tbe Publio Service Board has approved of the transfer of the following teachers to the positions and schools specified : — Mr, T. Emery from Annoy to Come-by-Chance Public, as teacher ; Mr. H. Keating from West Taraworth to Bingara, as relieving teacher ; Miss L. Williams from Aber glaeslyn to Wollongong (Infants'), aB relieving assistant ; Mies Alico Hardy from Adaminaby to Plattsburg (Infants'), as relieving assistant. Mr. Humphrey Marr's Illness. — Tho numerous friends of Mr. Humphrey Marr throughout the district will be pleased to learn that be is not likely to, as was generally thought he would by doctors and nurses, give up the ghost yet. He writes to us to say that he was just on the balance between life and death in the Armidale hospital, but by the skill of Dr. Little and the careful nursing he received he improved slightly, and after a few days got permission to return to bis home in East Mait land. His brother being with him he ventured on the long and tiresome journey, securing a carriage in which a bed was arranged, and tbe matron of the Hospital very kindly went to tbe railway station at eleven o'clock at night to inject morphia, which was so effective that he slept nearly all the way down. Mr. Marr concludes: — 'I came home on Friday morning and l am now out of danger and improving 'every day.' Remanded for Treatment. — Before .Mr. W. G. B. Smith, P.M., at the East Maitland Police Court this morning, Samuel Duck was remanded for medical treatment. Dr. R. G. Alcorn gave evidence of the man's condition of mind. Maitland Gaslight Company. — The fifty-sixth half-yearly meeting of shareholders in the above company will be held at the office, Charles-street, to-morrow (Thursday) evening at a quarter to eight o'clock. The business sot down by advertise ment to be found elsewhere in this issue, wil be the reception of the directors' report, eloction of two directors — Messrs. E. P. Capper and J. W. Birken head — *nd two auditors and the transaction of any other business brought forward in conformity with tho deed of settlement. ' Order or Sales, — The order of fat stock sales at the Muaicipal Yards, Campbell's Hill, to-morrow (Thursday) will bo: — Dohorty aud Whitley, 1; O. K. Young, 2; J. N. Brunker and Son, 3; John Enright, 4 ; E. W. Sparke, 5. Y, M.C.A. Litbrary and Debating Society. — There was a fair attendance at the weekly meeting of the above Society last evening. Mr. H. Kerr occupyied the chair. The subject of debate was ' Should denominational schools receive State aid ?' The McDonald Ministry made its dobut, the Premier, however being unavoidably absent. The task of opening tho debato waB performed by Mr. D. McDonold, whoargued in the negative. He was atrongly in favour of tbe present ByBtom of State education. The State, at great trouble nnd expense built and providod for schools even in tho remotoat patts, supplying them with tho most oapablo mon ao teachorn. The result was evident to everybody. Tho Stato Bchoolo had produced tho groatest mnn. If denominational schools wero to re ceive aid from Government, thero would bo no ond of jealousy and wrangling, and tho standard of education would groat, ly deteriorate. Mr. J. MoGilvray (colleague) appoarod boforo tho House for the first time bb a Minister of tho Crown. Ho confirmed his colleague's remarks, and laid special emphasis on tho great advantage of tho Govern ment oystom over tho Denominational syBtem. Mon of any donominution whatsoever, also had tho privilepo of becoming toachcrs in tho state echoolo. Messrs. W. Stein and A. Grogan also supported the Governmont. Mr. F. Gr;-gan oponed on behalf of tho Opposition denying tho Government's nssortion that State aid would increoBO wrangling and jealoupy. To his mind it would do away with snoh things. Groat friction oxiRted under tho presont system. If tho State providod for denominational schools, it would do away with State Schools iu timo, and he believed great cxpanRO would be saved. Messra. M. Ross und H. McKonzie nleo npolco on behalf of the Opposition. The Chairman udded a fow words on the question and thon called upon Mr. McDonald to roply, whioh duty that gontleman accomplished .in a very short spaao of time, for the simple roason that ho saw nothing worth replying to. The ques tion was deoided in favour of tho Government by a good majority. Tho House roue at 9.30. Tho debate loot ovoning was tho last of tho Session. Tho members ond frieuds moot together for a social evening next Tuesday and tbon ndjourn.for tho annual recess of throo months. All who havo trnvollod by tho Mossagerios Maritime!! (French Mail) boats nro loud in their praises of tho comfort, civility, and excellent ouisine mot with. Soo list of sailinge in tboso columns, and writo for partioulora to Company's Office, Queen's Corner, Pitt-street, Sydney. 3P12 New South Walks State Electorates. — It wns pointod out rccontly that, ut presont groat inequality exists with regard to tho number of electors in cach of tho 125 State oloctorutec. Tlio numbers vary from 1495 in ono electorate ti -1170 in another. It is tho intcntiin of the Promior, boforo tho session closes, to bring iu n bill, which hns boon already prepared, oxtoading tbe privisiona of tho Electoral Act so ns to enablo tho proBont Electoral Coni miosionorB to adjust tho boundariou according to tho population. Tho worlc would bo dotio during tho recess, and appnvod of at tho session which will bo hold orirlv noxt year. For the nronont no provision would bo made for onrtailiDg tho number of electorates. Tho prooent 135 electorates would simply bo /readjusted, so that the prinoiplo of equal representation might bo obtained before tho noxt gcnornl elootiono. Produce Saleo. — At the wookly salon to-day produce wan in largo supply. A number of up country buyers were prooent, the market for most linos was good, aud in one or two eases it was very briBk. This wait particularly noticoable in regard to potatoes, which sold as high as 10b -ld por cwt., with a ftrong demand. Onions roalisod botwoon Ga and 7s per o'nt. Hny wan n little dull of Bale, prima realising up to £2 Ga, and other sorts selling at proportionate rates. Thero was no marked change in othor food linos. Eggo were dearor to-dny, soiling up to 10Jd per dozon with n rising morkot. lTowls -woro in good supply, but many of the birds forward wore not of good qnality. Boat birrla easily routined Gn per pair, and fair sortn Bold at from 3ri par pair. Old und poor birdu woro cheaper. Turknyn realised very high pricoe, and goons and ducks nluo sold wpll. Buyers expromi tho opinion that poultry will bo ohoapor boforo Christmas j but this is not tbo opinion of many who are watching tho mnrkot and tbo supplies that aro coming forward. Groon vegetables wore in good demand, although French bonus woro lower ill prioc, the late rain having induood a good growth in, this vegetable. , Fruit was scarce, nnd routined high priour. Early tomatoes nnd cucumbers aro bringing cxoollont values, nnd thono fortunate enough to havo them roady to bring to market are doihg woll. Qood' baoon and hams And buyers at remunerative figures, and honey end millet brooms werp firju atlttturatBS. full ...price list vrilt fodna in' onr late juarkoii pi'irS aotdm'n. ! Sunday Trading. — With reference to tho ques tion of Sunday trading, the Premier statea that he hao a bili prepared dealing with tho metter. It ia proposed to get over the difficulty by a system of licensing. Permits would bo given to certain shopB to beep open on Sundays. Whilst agreeing that tlio greater proportion of places of business should bo closed on the Sebbatb, Sir William Lyno is of opinion thnt a number of refreshment shops at Eeaside resorts should bo allowed to con tinue to trade. What he desires is that anything which is done ehall be done legally, and not that: Sunday trading shall become general, as it threatens to do at present. Tho bill will, the Premier ! thinks, deal with tho matter in a practical (manner, and probably in a manner which will enit the dif ferent parties concerned. Pereons who take passage home by tho MesBBgeries Maritimes (French Mail) boats travel through France, and see large cities of that country at no extra cost. Englis' interpreters moet the passen gers at Marseilles, and give them every aasijtanoo in landing nnd possing thoir luggago through the Customs, etc. 8921 At the Brisbane Police Court yesterday, Mr.. Donaid Mackintosh, a member of the Queensland Assembly, was charged with forging the name of Michael Gaeney to an electoral form. A quantity of evidence was taken. Mr. Groom, for the de fendant, applied for a dismissal, on tho ground that th.?t.' wne no evidence of intent to defraud, and tb-- ' ' evidence Bhowed that tbo defendant had s — f from Gaeney. Mr. Lilley, who applied foi ...v complainant, Mr. Daniells, contended that a prima facie case bad been made out. The de fendant waB then committed for trial at the District Conrt of Toowoomba, in January next. Bail was allowed, £50 in his own recognisance. A second case of alleged forging of tbo namo of John Gaeney was then proceeded with. Formal evidence was taken, and tha case remanded till Monday next. The Premier has received from Lord Hopetonn the following cnblo ' Colombo. November 26. I should prefer landing officially on arrival. I am delighted at tho idea of being escorted by a pro cession of ships. I trust that tho function through streets will not be too long, and much regret to state that Lady Hopetonn iB laid up here with fever. She will be unable to loave for u fortnight.' The Premier states that if Lord Hopetoun's idea to land officially instead of unofficially on December 12 is carried out it will not make much difference with the celebrations on January 1. There cannot, ot course, bo two officinl landings, but on Common wealth Day there would bo another and greater procession through tho streets, escorting tho Governor-General to Centennial Park, whore tho swearing-in oeremony is to tako placo. Havo slavery days comeagaiuP A policeman who was prosecuting a cabman at the North Sydney Court ou Monday for being away from bis cab, b tared in his evidence that tho defendant had re tired to a botol nnd that Boon aftor ho (witness) heard an auction salo going on there. ' Are yon prepared to awear that thero was an audtion going on in that hotel on that day?' asked the defendant's solicitor, iu a very stern m inner. ' I am.' wsb the roply. ' Now, what) was put up for auction there on that occasion ?' was the next question. 'The barmaid,' replied tho witness, iB tho moat impertnrbitble manner. 'The barmaid P' asked tho solicitor, whose fees expressed considerable aBtiniBhmont. ' Yob, tho barmaid,' was again tho reply of tho stolid constable. ' How much did sha fetch P' naked tho solioitor. 'Thirteen guineas,' wan the reply, at which everyone iaughed, but the conBtublo, who remained as serious as over. It will bo rcmemborod that tho Citizena' Life ABsurnnce Company, shortly after tho outbreak of tho war last year, offered a life annuity of £1 per weok to tbo firnt Aiutralaoian soldier to bo decorated with tho V.C. -n the war. The cable advices of loot week intiinuted that Trooper J. H. Bisdee, of tho Tannmnian section of tho Imperial Bushmen's Contingent, had been decorated with the distinction. Since that time, further cable advices oai-fthnt tho honour had also boon con ferred on Liontenant Wylly, of tho same contin gent. The company on Monday received a cable from Lord Roberts from Johannesburg, advising it to hesitate beforo making a disposition of its, aword until recoipt of the London Gazette, containing an r.nnouncoment of the granting of the honour. It may bo stated that thia publication corresponds to our colonial Government Gaiette. Where it iB intended to grant a V.C. the announce ment io first made by the authorities in this publication. IllustralionB of British successes and portraits of tho famous generals poBted outside by (Vlolbourne* news agencies lately havo beon disfigured and seditious writings sorawlod acroBs them. A picture illuotrativo of tho returning troops was called' Tho murderers' return a portrait of tho Queen had on it 'Tbo Red Quenn,' and Viscount Wolseley wusdubbod ' Unlicensed murderer.' Last night tho polico arrested a man named Edward Stephens, and charged him with wilfully damaging property. Stephens aays ho is an Englishman, and came to the colony nino years ugo. He gives his business ns a commission agent and furniture dealor. 