THE STORY-TELLER. I 0H1-CHEE CHRISTIAN CON VERT. f , A COMPLETE, SHORT STORY. [Prom tlie "Uustrated Mail,'.' July 21.] "Chi-Cliee heartce brokee." ? "I saw you lake it,- yoa false-swearmg rogus!" ,, ? "Chi-Cliee never robbcc. people he lov«?, replied the Chinaman, with a smile which threatened to sever his pigtail. \- "(jive me the flnoney, or 111 knock your head off!" shouted his master, threatenmg ly'"Killee, killee, killee Chi-Cliee; please lrillce Chi-Chee. But I never taken the money!" screamed the yellow man in Pite ous accents, falling on his face upon the floor of the kitchen. . , , Mr. Clisson made a gesture of mingled amusement and disgust, aaid went away, leaving Chi-Chee still Iqieeling upon the Hoor waiting for his death-blow. When the vellow man looked up he jtti-ainbkd to his feet with a yen' dejected uir, and looked around him. Satisfied that no one was watching, he took off lus lelt shoe, and pulled three silver couib out of the toe, smiling in a deprecating sort ot way. as he did so. ... . j 'the next moment a pair of strong hands seized him round the neck, fairly squeezing the breath out of his windpipe, lie fell m a heap upon the floor, and looked up at JMr. Clisson. in abject.terror. But the next mo-, uient his presence of mind returned to him. "I'oundee money, Mr. Clisson, eaul he, with one of his most ostentatious smiles ."Get up,- you son of a dog," replied his master, giving him a nudge with his toot. "You can take the money- as your wages, siui go."' , Go! Chi-Chee go! Leave a place where he could steal m'ore than he was paid/ ilie idea was more than disconcerting; it had every horror in. it. Chi-Clrce was no ordin iiy Cliinaman. Chi-Chee liad something ivfiich is rare among his people-a temper. True, his use for it was limited and nnpro r.'jisiona'l; he could not strike sior use abu eive language in his passions, they were too inward. The only indication of his tem ;»<?!. was that he dropped his pigeon- English *nd yapjted eloquently in his native tongue. "Son of the Stars, send not thy vile tenm of a servant away, from tints tby Celestial ibed? of peace and joy!" he jabbered'. 'Make me 'thy door-mat, wipe up the dust >f the earth wit h iny unholy and contempti ble earcaes. But send me not beyong thy threshold. There is no peace for me thereto thou art not." "You go! I've had enough and to spare >f your tliieving ways," Mr. Clisson replied, in the best Chinese he could command. "0 Warmth of the Sun," murmured Chi '.'Jhee, "thou canst not send nie from thee. IjCI, me live under the sole of thy exquisite owts. let me curse my grand-parents in the name of thy perfect lady, let dogs uproot the bodies of my father and mother, if I ;lo not love thee more t-liau the Empress IJueen." "That's enough. Do your cursing and jody-sha.fcching outside, if it's all the same ,o you." . "Look how I adore those Sparks of Fire, ,hy children!" persisted Chi-Ohee. "1 can itvt, live beyond the vei'andah of thy house. This vile scum will die. rot, and be dis ripatted to the four winds if you turn him iwav." "Go on," said Mr. Clisson, getting the rollow man between himself ana the door, sua attempting to hustle him out of the apartment. Chi-Chee Hied a startled gaze at some im aginary object out in the open spaee^ at the back of tlic house, and, while Mr. Clis son was looking out of the window to dis cover what the object might be, Chi-Cliee picked up two spoons off the table and slip ped them into his pocket. This piece o£ strategy accomplished, he sank his head up Dii his "chest, and, dragging his feet wearily ttl'ter him, slunk out of the house. .Mr. Clisson watched him pass down the i-oad until he uirived at an opium-den, which he entered hurriedly. "TTr. Clisson." lie looked in the opposite direction, and siw a young Englishman coming towards him. "Hullo, Brook! Where did you spring from?'7 "'Nowhere in particular but everywhere in geneial, fo far as 1 can judge. I've been to practically every European in Tientsin ibis morning, and was coming to see you. The Boxers aw "up." "They generally are," Mr. Clisson replied, smiling*. "If they are not doing one thing, they are planning something else." "Jlut I'm afraid it's st'rious this time. They've been on an organised marcli now lor some time, and nobody seems to have had any knowledge of the fact. There is no possible doubt that they have the moral support of lVkin, and it only requires a little lighting between them and the Euro peans to put the army in their van." "Upon what are they marchiugV" "Tientsin, for one objective. And there is little chance of moving out in any direc tion than to I'ekin, and " , "That's as dangerous as remaining here, of course. Very sudden uprising, isn't it?" "No." You see the movement ha.s been in plan for some time; but -even,' step had been kept dark by the authorities as far as possible. It is not until now, when ihe.v are practically at our doors, that we pre officially warned." "Then the danger is imminent':" Mr. BrOok nodded. "An ugly feature is that the forts at Taku have been heavily garrisoned within the last; few days," he said. "That means that I'ekin intends to resist any European I'orce which may attempt to move to the relief of Tientsin, and also to support the movement." "We can do nothing, I suppose?" "Nothing but -wait events, and clean any firearms you may have. If you have more I han you can use, you can pass them to those who are fchort- They'll be wanted, I reckon. I'll look round again if I hear of anything fresh." Mr. Brook went on his way, and Mr. Clis Kon went into the house, and, seeking his young wife, told her by degrees of the dan ger that threatened. The day wore on, and night began to descend. * Rumours were travelling over Tientsin npacc. Some one had heard the sound of distant firing, some one else caught sight of a great glare reflected in the dark ening sky. iSomo one had coine into the town with news of the bombardment of Taku forts by the fleets of Europe. Every one had a rumour of his own, which no one else credited. There was no mistaking, however, that an evil whid was springing up; the truth was to be seen in the face of every yellow man who met a European; a look of low, crafty exultation lit up every yellow face, . and the teeth that showed behind the grey lips, parted in smiles, seemed to flasli a threat. The very air seemed heavy with the sense of impending danger, as if the slightest inci dent might set the heavens a-nre. Not many of the two hundred odd Europeans jjerc to be seen in the streets; the majority preferred to remain indoors, lest the _look of fear, which they could not keep> 'ronr their faces, should add fear to the troubled hearts of others, and fan the spirit of re volt "which was only too apparent m the natives of the town. . . The night came down, dark, threatening, and sullen. The bush which crept over Tientsin seemed the stillness (hat precedes a .mighty crash of thunder. The town was ?waiting, wondering from which direction the first sign of danger would eowe. , Mr. Clis6on got up from the table at vchich he had been sitting, vainly trying to ! write, and went to the door. Little parties; of whispering natives lounged in the slia- j dows. A deathly stillness hung over every- j His attention,was presently attracted to j a group of four tall natives lolling in the shadow of his house; and as he recognised one of the figures it stepped towards him, and grinned as only Chi- Chee knew how to gt''What are you doing here?" Mr. Clisson enquired, the ghost of a suspicion in lus mind. . . 3 I "The evil day has coiwe to this yile dog ' because you sent him from you,'' Clu-Chce replied, in his own tongue. "What evil day "When this contemptible and low-born offspring of a wild dog must: sec his friends and masters, the choice fruit of the/earth, whose breath is like the sweetness of flow ers. cut down before his very eyes: "You think so, Chi-Chee?" "Lord of the Earth and King of the heart of the most noble lady that ever breathed of life, listen," said Chi-Chee. "Take me back into thy service, and 1 Will gladly give my life to serve and save thee, should the evil hour -arrive. I have been talking with gome noble brothers, who will help vou." Master of my contemptible body and .'will, take us, I pray thee, into thy house, and Jet us lose our lives in. serving thee. . "I- am afraid I cannot accept quite so much responsibility^"' replied Mr. Cbsson, with a scornful smile. "Is that Chi?'' said a voice over l»s filiouldsr. He turned, and gave a "warning glance to his wife. . Chi-Chee grinned more broadly than ever at the beautiful young woman. "Bloom of the lillics, beseech the master to take back again this vila worm, that 1 may h<*lp to f^ervc you when the danger comes," said the yellow man. "Trusx a native as you would a yjpeiy whispered Mr. Clisson to his wife in French. , " , ... "Chi is good at heart, I bebeve, she re plied. "Such faith is suicidal at such a time as this, if acted upon," he returned. "ISo, I'll not take you in. My fellow-countrymen are coming in their thousands to prelect us, and to clear off the face of the earth such things as you, if harm comes to us.; "I think you're unjust to him,'' Mrs. L.'s son said. "What's that? ' _ The crack of a rifle sounded m the dis tance, in the direction of the op'sn country. It was immediately repeated, and the re )>etition was taken up slwrply by doztns of other rifles. . Chi-Chee's grin faded away, and with a sign to his three friends, who stood silently by, he dashed into the house, with them ciosely following him. Mr. Clisson caught him round the waist and sought to oppoae his passage. But it was in vain. The four natives swept into the house and closed the entrance door be hind them, locking and barring it hastily. Mr. Clisson rushed into the front room and picked up one of the three revolvers from the table- ? * "Stop!" cried his wife. "Don t you see that they are here to protect us? Th,*,ir very presence in this house condemns theni in "the Boxers' eyes; and this is the sacri fice they are making for us." _ j . Mr. Clisson paused to the logic. Hut in a moment lie saw furtlier than she did. "Yes. but if they do their worst with us before the Boxers arrive, they will have nothing to fear." "Light of the SuiV med C.lu-Lhee, we are $'our watchdogs." Mr. Clisson looked at his wife uneasily. The possible danger within his house seem ed to him worse than the probable danger from without; but it was irremovable now. To turn ihese men out ill the street again was more than he could do, if they had ill-intentions; and if they had not, then for th^ hope of life and honour let them stay! But he had little faith in Chinese loyalty and heroism. Meantime, the firing seemed to be going lound to a point of the outskirts oi the town further away; bu; it had slackened, and it was perfectly manifest that the fighting force was a considerable one. After a time the four men threw them selves upon tile floor, close together, and made pretence to sleep. Presently Airs. disson crept out of the r.Kiin, with a warning glance at her hus band, who made a-n attempt to resume his writing. A second or two later Chi-Chee woke, and crept out of the room- Mr. Clisson followed him down the passage into the kitchen. _ . ! "Chi-Chee makee cookee food," said the i Chinaman, with his inevitable smile. Mr. Clisson walelwd him distrustfully for some time, out, being satisfied with the way Chi- j Clieo went about his occupation, he sought I his wife. She was upstairs dressing the two fair-haired children. "We must get to the Consulate some how," he said. "We ought to have gone straight there. We cannot- hope to hold out here if attacked, much less if, as 1 sus pect, these heathens have evil designs." "Very well,'' she replied quietly. "1 shall be ready in ten minutes." "As you eome into the room, pick up one of the revolvers," Ik* said. "And do not hesitate to use it, if occasion arises." He went- down stairs again. Chi-Chce was still busy in the kitchen, and the other three were still asleep upon the floor, just as he had left tliein. Mr. Clisson pushed one of the revolvers to a corner of the table, where his wife could pick it up as she entered the room, without attracting attention. tsoon she came down, and with the re volver hidden in the folds of her skirt, she Bank into a chair, and smiled bravely at her husband, who was occupying himself in ty ing up a few papers and putting them into his pocket. ... When he had done this, he called Chi Cliee, who came into the room smiling craftily. . "We are going to the British Consulate, said Mr. Clisson, whereat the three slrnn berers awoke, and listened attentively. "If you care to come with your friends, I can promise you protection from the Box ers: if not-, you can remain here." ' You must not go away," replied Chi Chee, at which the three Chinamen wrig gled into sitting postures. "Why not? We shall all be safe there until our countrymen arrive." "The dog-faced infidel who calk Chi-Chee a thief shall'not tee safety," returned Chi Cliee. . The three Chinamen scrambled TO their feet, and stood watch big Mr. Clisson, who picked up a revolver in each hand. "Clarice," fee said, turning, pale but calni' to his wife, "letdi the childisp, will youf 'He followed her to the door, arid' stood, with hit) back to it, to prevent her being followed. Chi-Chee made a step towards* .him, at which he raised his revolver, and .unhesitatingly pulled the trigger. It click ed omimously, and the yellow faces grin ned. Mr. Clisson understood instantly why Chi-Cliec had' drawn him out of the room-; that the others should extract the cart ridges from the revolvers Clisson clenched his teeth, and took the revolvers by the barrels to use them as. life-preservers. He struck Chi-Chee, who rushed at him, on the jaw and laid him low. Another rushed at him, and reeled to the floor, groaning, with a crack in his skull. The other two were waiting to disen tangle knives from their belts^ and then they rushed at him with the fury of wild beasts. Clisson sprang aside, and, as he did so, aimed a heavy blow at the Chinaman near er him, but the blow glanced off the fel low's head, merely tearing the cartilage of 'his ear, which only maddened him. By this time Chi-Chee had recovered him self, and Clisson had three desperate sav ages to face, and he was hampered by the presence of hie wife, who ran screaming into the room. "Seize her," said one of the men to Chi Chee, and the ex-servant at once acted up on the advice. Beating off, with the revolver in his left hand, the blows aimed at him, Clisson suc ceeded in backing towards Chi-Chee, arid by an adroit movement, felled hini to the floor. But ®t the same moment, one of his ? antagonists wounded hini in the left arm, rendering/it useless. Mrs. Clisson, freed of Chi-Chee,. picked up the lamp and -flung it with considerable, force into ?the face, of tlie Chinaman who was just in tlue act of getting.his knife be-, tween Ker husband's ribs; and the next mo ment-, with-clothing aflame, he had sprung, through tin- window, ana gone howling madly down the street. The lightly-constructed lious> was also in flames in a moment, and the remaining yel low-face, paled to sickly white, fled after his flaming brother. "Look out!"' cried Mr. Clisson, as Ohi Cliee staggered to his feet at her side. "Get out of the house and make for the Consu late! I'll see to (lie children. Tcrritied by the flames, she rusted into the passage, but she could hot consider the instinct of seli' nre.servat.ion while she could hear her babies ciying upstairs The Clissons' was onie of the few houses in Tientsin built with two floors,, and in circumstances like the present the top story . was nothing.but. a death-trap, for the flames followed her as she flew upstairs, and by the time she had' hugged the children to her bosom and X'etumcd to the little land ing, her fcight could' not penetrate the flames and smoke rising up the-staircase. But she wtfnt bravely down,' a child.under each arm, resting upon her hips. At the third step from the botto-m, the stairs gave way under her; but Mr. Clisson was there to catch her, and IK- dragged. her out into the fresh air, where Mr. BroOk and two Europeans -were s'tariding calling to know if they could be of any assistance. "Yes. Take them to the Consulate, for the love of Heaven!" cried Clissoiij scorch ed and faint. "I'll follow in a moment." They took her-away, and got her to the Consulate in safety, with her two children. Clisson dashed" back into the Homing house, and fought his way inio the sitting room. ? "Chi-Chee!'' he cried, "wh'ore are vouV "0 Light of the Sun, I'm here," replied a weak voice in Chinese. _ "O, take mercy on me. and help me away!" Clisson stooped down and clutched at.the figure at his feet. He caught, hold of the smouldering clothes of the Chinaman, and dragged him out into the passage. He stumbled towards the door, but. at the threshold, weak, faint, bleeding, stifled, and choking, he sank upon his knees, and as he fell Chi- Clice pressed a long knife into his master's side, up to the hilt, muttering a blessing as he did so. And the next instant the charred remains of the little house fell down upon the two of them, casting a cloud of sparks up into the black night sky. 