THE UNIVERSITY BILL. A timely reminder has been given us by " Student's" ' letter appearing in yesterday's issue. Looking io the period »of the session and the press of Parliamentary business, we cannot but feel that the bill for setting up a Univer- sity in Queensland is again in danger. It was read a first time in the Assembly on Thursday, Gth September, and its second reading was made au Order of the Day for' the Tuesday following ; but from that time to tills, a period oC ten weeks, nothing further has been heard of it. We are not blaming any- one for this state of affairs ; the impor- tant thing is to note the urgency of present duty. In our view it is difficult to exaggerate this urgency. Queens- land has always suffered from the want of a University ; but it will be a posi- tive calamity if she enter the Common- wealth without securing its establish- ment. A great? deal has been said of the advantage our neighbours are going to have over us In the. matter of trade and industry ; but all this is the veriest ghost compared with tlhe advantage of possessing a Unhersity. If Queensland Is to hold the place she should hold in all that makes tlie equipment and.the pawer of her public men she must place the copestoue on her educational system. Few measures, indeed, passed, or that may be passed, this session would be looked back on with as mach satisfac tlon as tills, and we know of none whose want would' in the end be so much regretted. And we beg the Government to notice that this Is not a contentious matter. The bill now before the House is the result of a strenuous effort on the part of those Interested in education to remove the defects which marred the bill of last year ; and there is a very general disposition to accept it with little or no amendment. We are not aware that the Labour party themselves are other than favourable to 'the bill as a whole ; it would probably occupy the House for not more than one or two sittings. Looking to the value of the measure, the years we have waited, the opportuneness of the time, and the country's readiness to accept it, we can- not ibut believe that the Government will, by timeous action, give the House an opportunity of placing it on the Statute-book. 