[?] [?] The following poetical effusions, ap parently intended to refer to recent political developments in New South Wales have reached us in a handsomely illuminated wrapper, hearing the em blem of the Commonwealth and the ad- dress of Government House, Sydney. The author commences:— "Dear Sir, — I send you a few Lynes" — and then ap parently has broken down under the influence of uncontrollable emotion. No. I., entitled "Before," revives indistinct memories of "Pinafore," and runs thus: — BEFORE! When the Federal cause was first advanced, On the Federal cause I promptly pranced. And my followers, oh! how they did applaud When I pointed out the evils of the Federal fraud. And I fought federation so earnestly That now I'm Federal Premier of this great , countree. Chorus. Yes singular thing as It seems to be, He's the earliest Federal Premier of this great countree. On the Opposition benches then I sat, And I wanted to change, you bet, on that; So I argued loud, and I argued long, That whatever the Government did was wrong, And I argued the matter so successfully That now I am the Premier of this colonec. Chorus. Yes, he argued out the matter so diplomatlcal- lee And now he Is the Premier of the colonee. To the Governor-General first I went At the very first news of the great event. "If a Federal Premier you want," says I, "Bill Lyne is the very best man to try," And I put the case to his Exccllencee So now I'm Federal Premier of this great countree. Chorus. It's a notable fact, you'll all agree, That now he's Federal Premier of this great countree. Lord Hopetoun paused, and he seemed in doubt— "There's a chap called Barton. I've heard about," "And a nice fellow, too," says I, "I know, But he hasn't the ghost of an outside show. He means very well, does Toby B., But he'll never be the Premier of this great . countree." Chorus. Yes, he means very well, does Toby B., But he'll never be Premier of this great coun tree. The second effusion, entitled "After," is couched in a minor key: — AFTER! Like to some great balloon My hopes went up, alas! They've busted all too soon, And nothing's left hut gas. Its loss I now repine — Gone at a single puff, I gave it lots of Lyne; It wasn't strong enough. Yet If I may not he Premier as I once I dreamt, Oh! find some place for me. Let me not stand exempt. Some Utile, little place Of profit neath the Crown, Where, wLth a smiling race, Content, I'll sit me down. On Page 9 of "The Weekly Times" this week will be found a series of photo graphs, depicting Miss Ruby Madden and Mr Guy Madden in varying moods. I did not happen to be in the studio -when the photographs were taken, so that I can only make a wild guess at the expla nation of the various facial expressions, so excellently expressed by the photo grapher's art. If we commence at the top of the page we notice that whilst Mr Guy Madden is seemingly in a very jocu lar mood, his sister is looking prettily stern. As we run down the page the facial expressions alter. I think I found the explanation in the daily papers. Mr Guy Madden receives and commences to read the following letter; — "The Government of New South Wales has the honor to intimate that arrangements have been made for first-eiass accommodation being secured for Miss Madden, Miss Lesly Madden, and Mr Guy Madden from the 28th instant until the Sth proximo. May I ask you to he so good as to let me know at your earliest convenience how and when you propose to reach Sydney, so that arrangements may be made for your re ception? I have further to say that the Go vernment desires that you will consider your selves during the period embraced Then Mr Guy Madden laughs, as most brothers would under the circumstances, whilst Miss Ruby Madden rebukes the jocular brother. Mr Guy Madden finishes the letter:— as guests of the colony. The sting has gone out of his joke, and it is the sister's turn to laugh. Both have evidently forgotten to inquire who is to do the embracing. John Peery- bingle deeply regrets that he cannot he in Sydney at the time of the celebrations. Besides, Mrs Peerybingle has a constitu tional objection to embracery — away from home. Our Melbourne list of peculiar physio logical records has been beaten. We have had several cases of people who have suddenly lost their memories, and who could not tell who they were or whence they came. These cases were reported in London as items of interest to the medical faculty. But another man has turned up with a greater sensation still. His name is John-Schuck, and as the re sult of hitting his head on a ladder, he has an hallucination that he is still at the top of the ladder on which he was injured. His mental condition prompts him to perform every act and make every movement backward. At no time since he was hurt has be been violent, but he insists that he is still at the top of the ladder. The only suspicion of th accuracy of this arises from the fact that the yarn comes from America, but I rather fancy the paper has spoilt its chance of being credited by the addition that the man also talks backwards, and uses the reverse form of expression with remarkable ease. For instance, he says, "Ladder this from down me take," instead of "Take me down from this lad der." I for one beg leave to feel doubt ful, but what say doctors on the mat ter? The Customs official needs all his wits about him to cope with the tricks of the smugglers' trade. In Am erica recently a case was reported in which an ingenious individual loaded up his dog with diamonds, killing the ani mal after he had toddled with -wagging tail through the Customs' toll gate, and securing the diamonds. The South Aus tralian officials have recently discovered that bibles are sent through the post with diamond necklaces concealed inside the covers. The Victorian postal authorities have been warned accordingly. This means the close inspection of copies of the sacred volume which will certainly do our friend Christie and fellow Customs em ployes no harm. But the "Onlooker," an English publication, tells of the use of sacred books for even a meaner purpose. It states that in Hyde Park recently, af ter a church parade, a pretty woman of fashion dropped an ivory and gold prayer book. A passer-by trod upon the little volume, and was surprised to discover a gentle stream of excellent brandy flowing from between the covers. The smug gler's bible and tippler's prayer book are surely the very latest original ideas. People who drop their aspirates all over the place often provide some fun for the listener who is not so sensitive as to allow the habit to get on to his nerves; but I heard of a case the other day which might easily have ended tra gically. The boss was in the habit of carrying with him to his work a couple of meat pies for his lunch, and one of the boys was always sent, about half an hour before lunch time, to place the pies on a steam boiler to warm. A new boy was on ihe'job on the day I refer to, and the boss, handing over the pies to him, said, "Go and 'eat these pies alongside the boiler, and stop there till they are done." No more was seen of the boy until the whistle blew at lunch time. When the boss asked, "Well, are they done?" the boy did not understand, and was ordered to go and bring the pies. "Please, sir," explained the new boy, "I thought you told me to stand alongside the boiler and eat 'em, and I've just finished." The face of the boss was a study. An occasional contributor forwards "The Story of a Pessimist," which may be read sympathetically by some "Peery bingle" readers. — The doctor ordered Jones to take up a hobby, and this is the Pessimist's definition of a hobby:— "A hobby is an employment or relaxation from the monotonous duties of daily life. While it does not pay, it is supposed to exercise bene ficial influence on mind and body. When it begins to pay, your friends and neighbors be come jealous. It is then no longer a hohby, but a business. That hobby cured me of all other would-be hobbies, and made me the wreck of a man you now see. _ It came about like this. I had a great fancy for poultry- rearing, which I indulged to such an extent that it became a erase, or, as some call it, a hobby. You know the Smiths? Well, they cured me, and in tills way. I had some fine ;,hens, and great layers they were. It gave mo great delight to see how people admired them, and what a fancy they took to the eggs; also how delighted they were when I gave them a dozen. The Smiths seemed always more pleased than anyone else. One day Mrs Smith's four-year-old boy was sick, and I sent her three of my best chicks to make him some broth. I went to the market next day, and happened to be looking round the poultry there. I caught sight of three Hamburg chicks in a pen, and felt quite ill. They were the ones I had given to Mrs Smith. I watched until I saw them sold, and afterwards called upon that woman, and gave her a large piece of my mind. Then I went home, and next day sold all my beautiful fowls to a bawker for a few shillings. Even now when they see me, the children all jump on the fence and "cock-a- doodle-do-o!" at the top of their voices, while Mrs Smith flaps her skirts and calls "Cluck, cluck, cluck!" Jones, don't be a fool. Take warning by me, and bury the hobby." The framers of the netv code of Ger man civic law have shown pretty plain ly that they have no sympathy with those who would place women on a level with mere males. Where the code deals with relations existing between man and wife a good joke-book is made up. For in stance, in cases of difference of opinion it prescribes tfie husband's .right to de cide in matters affecting the conjugal state, such as settling the hour when din ner should be served, how it should be served, the number of servants to be kept, and so on. It also lays down how far a husband is, or is not, entitled to open his wife's letters, bftt It does not recbgnise a woman's rights in this matter. Per haps the framers of the code appreciated the fact that no human law could have any effect in restraining a woman's curio, sity. "Smiler" Hales, the war correspondent, of London, late of West Australia, has written some yarns which his late Aus tralian confreres describe as "tall," to say the least of them. But this is a specimen 'of his humor which is printed with gusto by a London paper:— Have you ever seen a savage nigger girl pout, > i my masters?. First -of a)l she wraps her mouth - in a simper, and her lips look like a fold - in a badly-doubled blanket. Then slowly she draws the" corners towards the. centre. Just as. the universe wjll be, crumpled iup on the Day bl Judgment. It is & beautiful sight; the mouth which, when she smiled, looked like a sword wound on the flank of a horse, now when the "pout" is complete, looks like a crumpled con certina. The groom again timidly advanced his hand towards the satin-covered arm of his spouse, and the "pout" became more pronounc ed than ever. The white of one eye was slyly turned towards the bridesmaids, the other roll ed -with infilnite subtlety in the direction of him who was to be her lord and master; and the "pout" grew larger and larger, until I .was constrained to push ray way amidst the maids to get a look behind the bride, for I fancied the back of her neck must surely have got somehow into the front of her face. When I got to the front again tile "pout" was still growing, the rich red lips in their midnight setting looking like some giant rose in full bloom that an elephant's hoof had trodden upon. So the show proceeded. At last one of the bridesmaids stepped from amidst her sisters, and playfully pushed the bride in the direction of her home. Then the "pout" gave way to a smile, the white teeth gleaming in the gap like tombstones in a Higlilaudjjfimjeh«ka|. I had been a bit seared of hej»$wrf That she smiled I looked roundnXlbuSliSOT ray/hrvvkw. JOglffigER ,, 