[?] . SOCIETY LETTER. Dear -Nell, — (As a rule the Grand National Race Meat- ling may be depended on 'to give you a very fair idea of the best that good wardrobes can boast. There is a subsltantialiiess about midwinter dressing that makes for richness and good effect, and when you see deep- toned velvets and cloths supplemented by furs and heavy braidings you find yourself wandering how the ephemeral beauties of spring and summer fashions ever appeal to you- to 'the exclusion o'f all intelligent appre ciations for osentially winter goods. Last Saturday's "gowning" mnde, however, hut feav deiiiands on everybody's powers of ad miration. Whether the "cold snap" has 'frightened people generally into garments more comfortable than beautiful, or whether smaalt winter costumes are unowned by the majori ty ithis season, it 'is beyond me to say. I 'testify of tha't I did see. Coa'ts and skirts were worn by nine women out of ten, and the scene in consequence was not a particu larly brilliant one. Every 'tenth woman — or thereabouts — wore a bolero, and the va riety of 'these garments seems to be endless. There were velvet boleros vandyked, satin boleros covered with sequinncd net, bo leros with elbow sleeves, boleros with long eleeves, and boleros with no sleeves a't all. These lalt'tcv, f or outdoor wear, can only be classed as a sartorial misft-ake, especially in wai ter. The successful 'bolero is as well cut mid nearly as substantially made as a. coat, and of cheap ami tat ions you will do very well 'to beware. The white neck furs and muffs tlia't ehone BO resplendent a month or 'two back are be ginning Ibo look lamentably tired. In all sorts of conditions 't'hey were very extensive ly worn on Saturday, and the best ones can etil.1 claim 'to be the most 'becoming tilings ever designed to set off a pretty face. The cheap and the soiled varieties would mar the beauty of a vends .-and "eommonise" 'the richest creation o'f Worth. Mouse colored fur is also enjoying a boom. I't is not as gqjirrally becoming as white, but when i't actually does suit its wearer i't suits lier most admirably. Nearly all 'the racing en thusiasts went out. Government House was represented by Sir John and Lady Madden, 'the Misses Madden and Lord Richard Nevill. The day turned out beau- ti fully sunny, if a trifle breezy, and though Aquarius did something quite --other than backers o'f 'the favorite expected, -the day's \- doings wore generally enjoyable. Several' Sydney visitors were in evidence, among them" being Mrs. F. Moir Patoii, wearing a fa-wn. The coat, which was handsomely braided, opened to show a white satin vest under string colored lace. A polonaise was worn over an underskirt of ibeaver velvet. A toque of heliotrope chiffon, trimmed with roses and autumn leaves, completcd'a very pretty costume. The entertainment given at Cliveden on Friday, the Oth, attracted a very fair sized crowd, which a't two and sixpence ah aid meumt excellent business for the Melbourne and East Melbourne stall at the forthcom ing bazaar :in aid of 'the Children's Hospital. The chief item in the programme was a lec.- iture 011 the Supremo Literary Gift, by Pro fessor Tucker, which, while containing noth ing 'the audience did not already know, was — probably by reason of tlia't fact — given, an amiable reception. More enthusiasm was eliown over the musical items, Which . in cluded songs by 'Mrs. Bingham, Miss Minnie Wfiugh, Mr. Walter Kirby and Mr. Claude Hall. Sir Rupert' Clarke made a very effi cient chairman. After the last song had been sung, refreshments were served in file supper room, where half an 'hour or so longer than was required for the discussion of coffee, soup or cakes was spent in con versation distinctly frivolous to follow on a litenaiy lecture. Janet Lady Clarke was careful as ever for the comfort of her guests, and a very enjoyable evening was spent. Miss ' Clarke assisted her mother in her duties- as-ho.s'tCca. Among those there were the Rev. E. Snodgrass, Major and Mrs. Hughes, Mrs. -Stephen, the Misses Madden, Mrs. Frank Stephen, -Miss Geva Stanley, Miss A. Tucket t, Miss Bullivant, Mr. and MrsrC. Bogue Luffmnnn, Mr. and Mrs. Ma r- tin, the Misses Godfrey, bliss Woodward, Miss BroughtunyMr. and Mrs. D'Ebro, Mr. Fitzgerald, Dr. Stawell, Mr. Crombie, Mrs. and 51 iss Phillips, Mrs. and Miss Duffy, Mr. and Mrs. Bryant, Miss Hooper, Miss Ro-' bertson, Miss Walter, Miss Elmes nud Mrs. Tucker. The entertainment organised and given by Mr. Oysten took place in the Prahran town hall on Tuesday evening. Its object was the raising of funds in nid of the Prahran, South Yarra and Toorak stalls at the Children's Hospital Bazaar. You will be thinking soon that every entertainment given is in connection with this much worked for en terprise, and if you were on the spot you would think so nil the more. At a certain big hunt breakfast given a couple of weeks ago a cynical somebody professed himself "astonished, absolutely astonished." When asked the reason for his astonishment, lie said, "We've bad a solid two hours of entertainment arid not a soul has suggested contributions for the Children's -Hospital Bazaar!" To return to Mr. Oysten, how ever. Ilis entertainment was in the form of a concert combined with a bioscopic ex hibition, given hy Mr. Stevenson. ..You, who in your childhood revelled in magic lanterns, can but dimly appreciate the pleasures of a 'bioscope. Personally, I have an insatiable hankering after these things, and when, as on Tuesday night, you get a representation of domestic scenes, factory life and. nonsensical situations, instead of the military pageants and State ceremoni als previous biographs have treated us to, I like the things all -the better. The very variety their name affords, is entertaining. Some folk call t'hem cinematographs, others biographs, and now we have the bioscope. Which is right and wherein the difference —if any — lies, it is beyond me to determine. The first set of films introduced us to a domestic struggling with an ordinary stove when a gas one was .waiting for her. The next gave an excellent idea of the work done at Colman's mustard factor', the most interesting features about it being the work ing of its fire brigade. The firemen work ing a floating engine on the river was dis tinctly entertaining. Some really funny films were included in Mr. Stevenson's "re pertoire," the miller and the sweep, the photographing of a ghost, the sleepy coach man—who has his horse replaced by a wooden one — and the astronomer's dream, being particularly so. The last name is a whole burlesque in Itself, and is altogether an admirable 'bit of work. In addition to these there were the usual representative military affairs — troops leaving different places and all that sort of thing. The con cert part of the entertainment comprised Lucia di Lammermoor, and selections from The Geisha, by Oysten and Lomax's Orchestra ; A Soldier's Song, by Mr. London, who also sang The Devout Lover, and afterwards Beware as an encore; Within a Mile and Hush a Bye, very effectively sung by Miss Maggie M'Cann; and Wicked and Saved and lukerman, by Mr. Mellor. The attendance was not as good as it might have been, con sidering the cheapness as well as the excel lence of the entertainment. The best seats were nearly all taken, and a great many re presentative people were present, but the body and back of the hall was much more thinly populated than one would have ex pected to see it. 'A promising entertainment ds 'the ball Mrs. Grimwade as organising in aid of Itihe Children's Hospi'taQ. I't is -to take place on the 8th August, at the St. Ivilda town ball, under a good deal of important patronage. Between the date fixed and now I wiil have something more to toll you about it. A very successful ball was held on Mon day night in the Masonic Hall, Collins- street, under the auspices of the Melbourne Jewish Literary Society Tiie attendance was good, and many remarkably handsome gowns were in evidence. Miss Krakowski, Miss E. Lee and 'Mr. J. L. Marks, joint honorary secretaries, did much to ensure the success of the entertainment. Oyston's band supplied the music. - The advertisement ball, of which I made mention last week, is to take! place on Tuesday, the 21st August. It bids fair to be one of the most entertaining entertain ments possible, anil will probably attract a record number of onlookers. Its possibili ties are manifold, and if business men are well advised they- will grasp a most excellent opportunity of giving their several goods a jiuff that is safe to bo long remembered. 'The humors of -the situation will be 'many and obvious, and judging by present pro spects the financial result should be a re cord one. From such' frivolity to Miss Spenee and her mission is rather a far cry. That lady spoke well ili a good cause, under the auspices of the Malvern Women's Progres sive League, last Tuesday evening. She aired the views of 00 per cent, of the think ing nnd the working women of Melbourne and Victoria when she expressed the hope that the franchise would be extended to women before the Federal elections take place. The hollow old argument about women not wanting the franchise was refuted again, as it hns been anything these last 10 j'cars; and the fact that the women who need and sincerely want to vote constitute the bulk of those who would vote, was once again demonstrated. I was amused at a concession made the other day by a man very much— so he imagines— opposed to woman's suffrage. lie admitted that the percentage of the male population that voted was inferior both in number and quality to what it ought to be, so I naturally asked him if lie imagined the voting woman of the future would be more representative of her sex. lie thought a while before lie answered, after which thinking lie reluct antly admitted that lie believed the only women who would vote "enough to matter" would be the responsible women— the late- payers, the workers and the thinkers. As this man is not only a leading citizen, but a level-headed man of some considerable im portance, his views are worth the quoting. Coining from an advocate they would mean little; coming from an oppositionist they mean n great deal. Another word about the Children's Hospi tal Bazaar. Its souvenir book promises to be well worth the future buying and the present ordering. It is being beautifully got up, nnd in addition to classic writers, Aus tralian women nnd men of letters are pro viding the rending innttcr. Among those furnishing the illustrations nrc Mr. Mather, Mr. M'Cuhbin, Mr. Lourciro, Mr. Fox, Mr. Patterson, Mr. Cnrririglon, Mr. Jones, Sir. Trovers, Mr. Woodward, Sir. John Tenneil, R.I., and several- other distinguished artists. Mrs. George Box, Mrs. George Cliirnsiile and Mies Brush have got the book up, in conjunction with Sir. Murray Smith, Sir. Byron Moore arid Several other helpers. AH the artists and writers are working'gratuit- ously, and as the book is to be published at 5/, it should bring in a very considerable sum to the hospital. A specially subscribed edition de luxe is being prepared at 7/0. The subscription list is open at Mullen's, and as it is filling up rapidly, you will .be wise to enter your name at once if you want a really beautiful specimen of a beautiful book. Sincerely vonrs. CYNTHIA. 