a: TALE OF VICTORIA. AND SOtJTJ . AFRICA. Bir "W.w." j It was a pretty picture that the sui nlituio graciously on that afternoon h the garden of Rose Cottage. An nccacli tree In full blossom, shaded the llttl corner summer-house over which bloom ed a tangle of the rich blossoms tha gave the humblo cottage Its name. Bu It was not on the roses or the accncli that the eyes of George West rested. I was on the llgure of Minnie Trent whi lounged In a hammock carefully slunf under the branches of the big tree. Well, it was a fair picture, no doubt but then young West looked upon It wltl the eyes of a lover, and hlB inmglnatloi glorified It Neither the silken hammocl or the young girl's attire were In keeping with the little cottage and Its surround Ings, and Minnie herself had the air of c petulant spoiled child who was vain o! herself in every way, and was foollshlj permitted to embellish herself with lacj frippery of all sorts. Minnie could b charming when It suited her humor, bu she waa not charming at all times ii spite of her pretty petite, figure, ant saucy blue eyes peeping from under a ripple of fair curls, It was from the window of the llttl parlor that George gazed at his cousin and his gentle widowed .mother sat In hei chair gazing at him with a pitiful sad ness In her face. Mrs West was a small alight woman, with a. good many more than fifty years on hc-r grey hairs, ant the deep mother-love could be read In hei faded eyes as they rested sadly upor her stalwart-only son. As If Ills mother's eyes drew him George turned and looked at her. "I wae looking at Minnie," he said, a little flush rising to Ills face. “I guessed it, my dear," was the reply “Sho la very sweet and pretty," h said, in a low tone as he seated himBel by the widow’s side. Mrs West shook her head. “Minnie Is not what she wa3, my dear I don’t know why It is that she grows a vain and selfish and domineering.” “Mother!" "It Is true, my boy, don’t shut you eyes to facts. My poor sister certain!: spoiled the girl, but she had: her father* strong common sense to help her as sh grew older, and when she came to us or orphan, I had every hope, that her loss would be In the end a great, gain to th poor child.” “Ton Judge too harshly, mother,’ .George, sold In a low tone, "Minnie la pretty, and knows. It,, what young glr does not? She Is very young, a few years may change her greatly. It,l natural that! sho should love amuse merits and .dress and that, but her hear is In. the rlght.place.” _ ", ' ! “I hope so, my dear, I hope so,, but fear for you. She has not.been the saro girl since that„ legacy so uriexpeeteijlj fell to her. She gives herself airs which her friends resent." George looked sadly serious fDr a fov moments' silence, and then he, asked quietly, "Mother,, do you really think I would he better for Minnie if sho did. no possess that money?" ■■ “I am sure of it my son, but she would not think so. \ Sho thinks It gives, her consequence and a claim to precedeno that she has no right to;” "I. came-with had news, mother, and was afraid to tell it. Loudon, with whom the trustees: Invested Minnie’s money has absconded; sho wifi never see penny of It-" "It will be a terrible shock- to her George, but if she. really loy.es my . boy It will pot- kill her.” • "Really loves me! Mothef, you do not doubt that?" he cried in consternation., “I,, really do sometimes. But there my . boy, do not mind me. Old people fancy they know everything, but,: oh George, be sure that she does before you link your life with hers.” "You may be sura that ! will; mothe dear. I-know what a dreadful thin la home without love, and you know, am too.proud a man ,. to accept a woman’o hand, unless, the heart is in it, Minni will have to be told of her misfortune Will you. tell,her, mother?”.. "Oh, I daren’t, George;,It will be awful I dare hot.” ■. . "r . "Then I must. • I will, go, to her now;” The young maxi went out. the hack door,..and his,foot on, the gravel, roused the. capricious little beauty -who was th' very core of his heart She> struggled to a; sitting posture,, yawned with, he arms stretched.over her head, among the sweet accacla flowers that dropped their loose petals on her bright hair, and then slid from the hammock to. her feet., “Axe you hock so soon?" .the- pretty red lips, asked with, an affected air oi wonder. "I wonder you con,' come at all to this miserable home. Oh, what n life!” "Why do you remain in the house so, Minnie, dear? I. thought you were, go ing to spend the afternoon wlth. Nellie Breton.’’ ■ "It’s not any pleasure, to, me. to be In Nellie Breton’s company," she saldi dis dainfully, "and It’s- detestable the way she pushes herself on me;; because, for sooth; I have a cousin she admires.” “Minnie, you should not say such things,’’George sold,, seriously. "I shall> Bay whatever I like,” she de clared, with a toss of ths little head, and an. affected arrangement of her fal-lals. ‘■Why shouldn’t I? - I'm my own rials tress, I suppose?” “No,dear Minnie, you’re mine—the mis tress of my heart,” and he tried to tal« her hand, but, she wilfully!, snatched II from him, , "What rubbish! . I'm. ’ slok of being spoken to as! a child.’.’ ! - ' , Young West’s handsome ifaoe -olouded “I dp not know, this, mood, Minnie, Whal has come over you? Is ,it an insult tc tell you that I love you? You havt known that for a long time, and have led me. to believe tnat you reciprocated mj true affection.” , "A larrikin’s love!, Truly It ,1s. a compli ment! to be the.recipient" of ,lt!’’ , I , 'iWhatb' he cried;,dirawlng,book. a.Httle ■qa his face paled,, “what Is that you hay< sold, Minnie?”- ' , i “Yqu heard well enough. I "said tha i It was, a larrikin’s loye you- were, offering me, and that I failed to. see. the honor o It.” !-■ Minnie wss- half frightened' at thi effect of her words, but sho would havi idled rather than let her lover see it. Shi raised, herself on her tip-toes, to pluok, i half-open xoBe, wblohsho arranged carp fully In the bpsom of her white dress. I she had dared- to look In George’s fac during those few seconds; Bhe would havi seen a' white face aryl flashing.ey.es;; an< a strong effort at control by a young f-h low who was too genuine to be any vnfi man’s slave. , ;• • ’ , ■. yb' "Do you menu seriously;' to aoll ro>. ci larrikin?” ho asked; at length. '"£co ”I,!am cot In tho habit of eating 'hoc words," she rqtbrtod, frigidly. “I ;?1V il1 .-i J - ~ ‘ ’—.n — .. 1 nT-r-lbill'd that your love was a larrlklifls. loy” veg “If you consider mo one. of ‘ "i e ’j" temptiblo class, dyllf you kindly; lampriDje, onus,the rlle-p by jyhat conduct of mine you cu , It^-j!!;i4p.i?St,thlnlLyou.too\v'.t^te..^>b trig ijL.tho'insultlng term; rne .what your. bL r ot \- v.VIt is.'refresl,?; W* . ledgeJyoup ."jrfr'My' oh, he is coarse and noisy, and fond the aeclety of other larrikins and lari kinnesses,. and he likes loud clothes (here Miss Minnie glanced contempt! *• ously at George’s red tie)—"and—nr smokes horrlbie cigarettes, and things,' "Very luoid!” George said, dryly, as 1 glanced . down at his: irreproacliab tweeds, "but the cap does not lit me.” "It does! I saw you last evening stanc ( ing under a verandah—a corner verai dab—with half-a-dozen like yourself, i was sickening, and one of them was tin detestable brother of Nellie Breton." "Edward Breton is no larrikin, and h Is my friend,” George said, stiffly. "Oh, of course, and his Bister is you Iarrikinneso?” friend, top! And, pray, what is she bub , "You are going too far, Minnie. Yo . demean yourself by speaking In tbs manner of a girl who has been a falthfi little friend to you." : “Because I have money! That's wlia ! I owe her bread and butter friendship tc : And that’s what I owe your insulting at : tempts to. form my opinion, too,. M West,, and your larrikin's , love is for m purse and not tor myself!" It was too much! George choked bac! i the words that tried to burst from his lip \- in a flood of anger, so that his words wer cool, though Ills heart was.beating like , steam hammer. "If your1 pitiful money has so warpei every belief, it is' well that you shoul lose it; You forget yourself in'sayin: that I have paldi.you attention for th sake of your purse,.... I told you I love you.before you'had.any money, and you puree was very :empty whnn you cam here to my mother, an orphan. I do no know what has changed and hardens you. but, if It was the money, it is wel that it is gone.” "Gone!" she repeated,.in consternation and her big blue eyes seemed to widen, a she stared at him with unfeigned terror. "Yea, Minnie! I came from the oflic earlier to-day on purpose to break it ti you. Loudon has absconded with youi money as well as the money of other: who had trusted him. I will go now, am do not fear that I shall ever again offe: you my ‘larrikin’s love.’ ” • The poor, silly little tiling felt as If tin whole earth had broken In. pieces as fa’ as she was concerned. The foolish gir loved George with all her heart, but shi loved adulation, and to queen it evei over George. She never guessed that I was a petulant jealousy of his favorlti friend's sister, Nellie Breton, that had eul minated in the insulting words she hac heaped upon him, and he left his mothe: that-evening to make arrangements tlia would in all probability, separate them foi months and perhaps for ever. For day3 Minnie kept her room under t pretence of illness, and Mrs West’s hear was so mucli hardened against the girl whose selflsh conduct- she- blamed foi sending her good son away from, her, tha: Minnie.was allowed to hide herself ., ant her misery away as she . pleased. O: course, her illness or disinclination to job Mrs West and George was set down to t selflsh grief at her own monetary Iosb, anc the breach widened dally between the gir; andi her only friends. George’s step never passed her dooi but her heart bounded with the hope tha' he was coming to make friends with her but he never came,' and the day cairn when his steps no more resounded-in the widow’s home; No one told her what hac happened until she could hear the silenci no longer, when she heard it broken bj the bitter weeping of her aunt. Opening her door,’ she followed thi sounds Into the parlor, and there, with he: face hidden in the sofa pillows, and ar old hat of George’s clasped to her breast she found Mrs West. ' ■ ■ •'0)1, a.unt,. .what has happened?" thi poor jltlle thing cried as she khe)tfby th sofa.'.and tried to take her aunt's Uttl bony hind. . "Can.i'do anything? Ar you in pain? Oh, do.1 tell me, please, to you frighten me!” "Go away, you wicked girl!” the poo widow said, pushing the pretty pale faci from her with one feeble hand, "my hear Is broken, and, the fault Is yours. Thli Is the., thanks you. have, given me for i • home and kindness when there was m other.door but mine open, to)you! Yoi have driven, my’.son from me, and. modi me desolate in my. old age!” “Driven, your son. from you!” and pool Minnie got up from her knees, and triet to. steady her trembling-little form, bj holding to the back of a chair. “Where ii George?” .... - “Don’t you know? Didn’t he-tell, you?’ and Mrs West sat up. and stared at th< girl with tear-swollen eyes. “He told me nothing; ho has soareel: spoken to me since—since. I shamefullj insulted him. I colled him a larrikin Aunt West Oh, where is he??, . The widow laughed a terrible laugh “He lias gone where some of the larrikli blood will he let out. of him. He ha: gone, with the Australian, contingent t , fight the Boers in South; Africa. jGo away you, wicked, vain,girl; and) leave me alon with my dead hopes!!' Poor little broken-hearted Minnie tot tered from tho.room, her face white am ghastly, her eyes tearless. She though She had been cruelly treated by George She thought he might have bade her fare well; but she never tried to justify' he own wicked words to. him. There was : sort»„o£ truce.patched up.between the tw , bereaved . women, who watched th , papers, as. the weeks went by, ant fancied they could hear in their dream the whizz of the terrible bullets; and th awful roar of tho bursting, doath-dealln; shells In far away Africa-. At last came a terrible day, with new of a great battle, and a list of the'wound ed and mlBSlng df the Australian corp •that had taken part in.lt. The two wome were sitting, at the breakfast table whe the late papep-was delivered. It w.as Mrs West who unfolded it wit trembling hands.. . , Minnie watched; her face speeehlesi and then a terrible cry went up from th widow., "My Bon is dead!!' she shrieked, “an hlB blood is on your head! Read! Reo about my brave lad; that you dared to ca a larrikin!” and with the words the dll tracted mother tossed the paper, i Minnie, and.hurried from the room, tp In own,room. . .. “We,deeply regret to record, the deal of a member of our contingent, who. - hi fallen at the front. Private George We died the death of a, hero.!: ' ..The, bra; young feilow-fell at the head of his oorr when gallantly storming the foot heights.—Thaba Nului" 1 ;!jus“f That wap what the poor girlpeenor ext West knelt in her chamber ha ndl.yi with her despair. That poe > was: bitterly punished^ ^t.faJse iee’tli i t jealousy, and hnpudeijqnited/states eve AJIttle—the, news wa,'ccn ckipulitted; that t h>W.: . . country, paclf.awny abo ’JT'hen Mrs Wind tproo times;tha.t weig ot £nr prsnd' platinum into, the teeth; 'tiieh: pfitiont®., the value of the metal t 'ing, eatlhmt.ed at L2qo;000.; : . .tthe’establishment of a conclllatl board ,in connection with building trac in England is announced now to.be qn,ij compllshed fact. It,will' c,oi ' members-: p£, the, Nationals) Master .'Builders of; Qljjjjpf Ireland, andfiEteMLfsjitfs.' the various ti»©(fwujust„‘ of * the boftS3:i$i5viohs.relat] . of (l wagf m.epiatioriu son’sdarfiTJg?^-^'^ . eyes followed wonder.. What had Tfb34a0n , was -Mrs West’s hroked-iiettr.^®?'. rtea*"' her heavy stops? How couia'sft&sa;^ so soon?, The w!dow!s face was radlaftt*_ , . and her steps light. Once or twice. paused by the bedsiae, as It she would . have spoken, but Minnie turned her face away from, her, and Mrs West crept on tip-toe from the room. And, presently, when the hot, tears; . , .were1, welling from poor Mlnnie’jj .eyes, . -’-p and rolling down the pole lltHetcheeks, : and when she wnTthlnklng of her lost . i. Iover'3 white face, lying dead on the far - away African hillside, she heard the door re-open. Not wishing her aunt to. see the tears, she could not repress, she 7 tried furtively to dry them with' the sheet, under her hand. To her awful sur prise, her poor weak lingers were held In. a warm grasp, and she turned in'wondei" to see the face of her lover, not very far - from her, for he was kneeling by her bedside. It was ho dead face 3he stared at, but a ' bronzed one, that seemed to her hand somer than ever. Of course It was not George, it was only Imagination, for her George was dead. Oh that terrible-word to, the loving survivor In all,lands! One lost/Is. dead! a Once; more little- Minnlo swooned. •When.'she recovered George -held her . In one. arm,, and hla mother was bathing her forehead with some essence. One look Into his face, and another at his left arm; carried in a sling,'and she put out her little trembling hand to. touch, him, but she dare not, and drew.lt back. “You need not fear, my Minnie,” he wldspered. “It Is really I. I was not killed, but wounded, and have come back: ' „ ' Invalided to my love. Oh, Minnie, my Minnie, how ill you have been! You look like a ghost! Oh,' ray darling, will you ever forgive me?” , "Forgive you. Hush, George, it is Z who need forgiveness; I was cruel and nasty to you, and I do not deserve—” “A larrikin lover." "Oh, don’t George, please' don’t I was-wicked. I am thoroughly (ashamed: to look you in the face after all I said, antl I thought you were dead, and my re- :l morse was killing me." "Think no more of it, my darling; wo have been wicked all round. Even mother owns that she was cruel and harsh to you, my Minnie. But It' Is all over, and we three are going to be as happy as the day Is long." - And they were. Minnie got well rapid ly, and then there were preparations for a “larrikin’s” wedding. 