COMPIiETE STORY. PUBLISHED bt bpzcial abbaxgexbxt. THE PARDON OF PAUL PENROSE, IZA DTJFFUS HAKDY, Author of "MacGilleroy's Millions," • "A Woman's Loyalty," " Love in Idleness," " In tbe Springtime of Lovo," &c.;, &c.; OTE for Pen rose!" "Pen rose for ever!" 'Penrose, the People's Friend!" The banners fluttered in the nipping and eager breeze, that yet did not chill the en thusiasm of the strag gling -procession aa it halted oefore the popu lar candidate's house, and Pan! Penrose himself came forward on thebalcony bowing in acknowledgment. He was a tall, broad-shouldered man of splen did physique, his hair and heavy beard were iron-gray, but the aquiline features and keen, deep-set, melancholy- eyes were those of a man bat little past the prime of life. In the room behind him, hidden by the window-curtains, leaning and peering forward, half shy, half eager, stood a young girl, whose delicate face flushed as he turned and beckoned to her. "Come, Eva, don't be.shy. come!" He held out his hand. Blushing, the girl stepped forward on the balcony and stood beside him. Then the shouts of the crowd deepened to a roar of enthusiasm. "Hurrah for Miss Penrose!" "Three cheers for bliss Eva!" cried a voice, pierc ing high above the din, and the cheers went up in deafening volleys. Penrose smiled. "That means a hun dred votes," he said.to himself as ho turned back into the room, when with toss ing of caps and waving of flags the pro cession had inarched on. Then he looked at his daughter's small sensitive face, all quivering with emotion and excitement, her violet eyes-misty with tears. "You didn't mind, did you, Eva?" he said, tenderly. "blind? Oh, papa, I was proud! Do you know what I've been doing this morn ing? Reading vour speech at the Town Hall." "What, all of it, three columns long?" he said, smiling affectionately, but rather incredulously as he smoothed her shining hair. "xes, all oi it- un, papa, wot cuan t you take me? Won't you take me the j next time?" j " Why, Era child, what do you care for politics?" "Well, I don't understand much about them," she admitted frankly, "but I like to hear you speak, and I know you'd al-! ways take the right side and lead the right1 "What is the right way, little one?" " Why, the way to do most good for the people, I should think, papa." "The people? Not for your country,! child?" he questioned smilingly, as if to 1 test her. 1 " The people make the country," she re plied. "It isn't the patch of earth be neath us, it's those who live on it. You taught me that, papa. . Don't you remem ber your pamphlet, * The I and the | Race?' I mayn't understand politics, but j I like to read everything you write and; overything that's written about yon." " Everything?" Penrose reflected with ; amusement on some of the " things" writ ten about him by the Opposition. "Have you seen what the 'Clarion' says?" continued Eva, catching up the paper and reading aloud: " 'Our fellow-citizens should study Paul Penrose's speech. His words have weight, not only from eloquence and experience, but as the utterance of one whose bountiful hand has succoured the poor and suffering of our city in time of need. It is not because of his powerful intellect alone that he has attained to the position he deservedly holds in the estima tion of the people of Charilton, it is be cause of his good works; for which the widow and the fatherless rise up and call him blest.' There, papa. Ani I not a proud girl to see those words about you?" Her sweet voice quavered . "You are too sensitive, child," said Pen rose, tenderly, yet regretfully, patting her flushed cheek with his strong brown hand. " There! I must go to my study now. I have my pamphlet to finish and send off to press." Eva took up the "Clarion" again, and dwelt on the words that were so sweet to her filial love. "If only there were two of us to be proud of him," she said to herself with a sigh. "If only mamma had lived! It's ungrateful of me to repine, he's father, mother, and all to me. But still I fancy nothing can bo quite like a mother. If I only knew someone who had known her— someone who could talk to me of her." . Penrose never spoke of liis wife, nor, with all his tender car# of Eva, liis anxiety to gratify her every wish, had he the faintest idea how her heart and imagina tion clnng to the dream of the mother she had never known, who was not even a memory to her. The young girl, emotional and dreamy, was prone to idealise; indeed, the realities of life were little known to her. She sent soups and jellies to the sick, made pina fores and petticoats for poor children and old women, but outside, beyond her simple charities, her pity for the personal suffer ings she was so ready to relieve, she had little comprehension of the world around her, she spent half her life in a day-dream; she idealised even the living father and her friends she knew; and her dearest, most sacred and secret dreams clung round the cherished ideal of the mother she had never known. Penrose had spent a great part of liis early life in Canada, where otners of liis family had settled; and when.he returned to his native land, where none of his home staying kin survived to greet him, widower, bringing with him his motherless child, the little Eva was too young to remember any thing of her mother or the land of her birth. Of the latter Penrose spoke' sometimes, though rarely; of the former, never. No one knew anything of his dead wife; not even his intimate friends could tell who she had been or when or where she had died. It was currently supposed that Penrose had married beneath him; that it had been a love-match, and, as sympathetic women said, "his heart was btuied in her grave" —from which many of these kind souls would willingly have resur rected it. Some had not con cealed their tender compassion for little Eva's need of a mother's care, their yearn ing to cherish the sweet child; hut by this time it had coma to be generally accepted that Paul Penrose was "not a marrying "A lady to see you, sir." This an nouncement disturbed Penrose before he had been long in his-study, but he accep ted the interruption placidly; he was ac customed to visits from ladies, who de sired to enlist his advocacy of their par ticular views in Parliament, to offer tneir influence, large or little, in return for his promise" to forward those views. He had already received a succession of fair visi tors, urging his interest in the prevention of cruelty to children, ditto animals, the guardianship of infants, Sunday closing, and local option; he..wondered what was the mission of the latest comer as he rose to receive her with his usual easy cour tesy Penrose had always. a courteous smile ready. He knew that every woman might mean a vote, of husband, son, or brother, that here and there one woman might mean a multitude of votes. The woman who now stood before him was tall and graceful, her blank dress se verely simple, her 'cheek pale, her dark hair touched with gray—so much :he noted at the first glance. "You -wished to see me, madam?" he began. She raised her veil, and the smil ing word died on his lips. As if on a ghost new-risen from the grave, he glared at her, speechless. "Yes," she said, very quietly, but with a thrill in her voice. "I wished to see vou, 7>o*il " * Paul." ' Twice his white' lips, winch seemed to have grown suddenly parched, moved be fore he found his voice, and then the tone was unrecognisable as his ir which he gasped, "Leonie! Leonie I Yori!" "Yes, I. You know me then?" Penrose was generally, and justly accre dited with iron* nerve, and he pulled him self together now with av effort, though his voice was hoarse and hollow still as he rejoined: . " I thought—I though—I heard that you were dead!" "When?" The word fell briefly, in cisively, from her lips. "Ten years ago." "Ah, I see. Another woman of the same name died—there." "And you—why did you never let me know?" 11 knew nothing of the mistake—nor of | you. In all the years before that you had | never written to me." " No. What could I say to you, Leonie? Ask yourself, what could I say? And no letter would have passed straight from me to you." i " That is true," she assented slowly, i "And you thought I was dead?" j "Yes—when I thought of you. But it j has been the effort of my life for years past! not to think of you." j The deliberate plainness of the speech j was brutal, but the woman did not wince. I The feet that had trodden over the fiercest I ploughshares are oftentimes seared past | flinching. . , "I know, the thought of me was pain ful," she rejoined, so calmly that the bit terness in her tone was barely perceptible: even to him. "But you knew that I should think—I who had nothing to do but think! You know what I have come for : now?" ' "Yes, bat you need not have come." "I need not?' with a glance of startled j alarm, a sudden whitening of the lips. ! " Paul, what do you mean ."That there was no need to come to raise the ghost of mj past. , It has never been laid. I do not thank you, Leonie, for the mistaken generosity, the cruel mag nanimity, that has made* me the whitcd sepulchre I am. Better have let me stand in my own place and pay my own penalty. I have been what they call a successful man, but no one dreams of the cost at . / which I've bought all that makes men envy me to-day." " All these years I have thought you I dead, but living or dead you are a reproach I to me. Yes, you were silent, but your I grave has cried out to me out of the dark-! ness. I have tried my best to forget—to blot your name, your memory, out of ex istence, but all these years I have known that I should never escape you, Leonie. Unless beyond the grave there's the merci ful darkness and annihilation for which I have hoped, I knew that you'd be standing waiting for me at the other side of the gates. You haven't thought I've been at peace? I tell you that you, living or dead, have had your grip on my life all this time." A man never forgives the woman he has wronged, and he spoke with all the bitter relentless reproach of the wronger as he added, " There's no need for you to stand before mo, to brand me as the coward and traitor I know myself." " I have not come for that." "For what then?" "You ask,me that?" with a flash of re proachful indignation. * I have come to; ask—to see—Paul, the child!" "The child!" he echoed. "The child!" she repeated. "Paul, where is she?" Her eyes searched his with an awful anxiety. "Don't tell me—that she is dead?" " No, she is not dead, as far as I know," he added hastily, with a dreadful mockery of a smile. "But what have you to do with her, or she with you? You are dead to her!" "I am not dead to her," the woman re torted. "She's all for which I live—have lived through all these ghostly years. Where is she? There's one thing, ana one alone, for which I'll never forgive you, in heaven or on earth, if you have neglected her!" "I've not neglected her," he said sul lenly. . " You think, and I own you've the right to think, there's nothing too base for me, but I'm not guilty of that, at least." " \Vhf>rf» is shfc?" Where is she; A girl's voice was.heard singing, carol ling carelessly as she ran down the stairs. The woman started, and a light flashed into her eyes. Penrose's face contracted, as if with a spasm of pain; he made a hasty step towards the door, as if* to inter pose between her and that girlish voice. "She is here!" the woman exclaimed, leaping to the truth at once. " Yes," he admitted in the moment's agi tation, "but, Leonie, for God's sake have mercy on the child! She knows nothing; she believes her mother is dead; she is t delicate, sensitive girl; the shock would kill her!" "I must see her," she urged, breathing short and quick, as her firm, voice all but failed her. "I tell you the shock would kill her! Leonie, you shall not deal the girl her death-blow!" Vehemently as he spoke, it was with cautiously lowered Toice, his eyes fixed apprehensively on the door. "She must not know." Lconie drew* herself to her fall height* and looked at him steadily. "She shall not know," was her reply. I The light step was near the door. Pen-J rose set his teeth. " For God's sake, spare the child! Don't betray yourself!" "Trust me!" she breathed. "Would I hurt her?" As she uttered the last word the door was opened. A young girl with a pale, fair face, fresh and sweet as the morning, stood on the threshold. "Papa/* she began,' smiling, and seeing the strange lady, hesitated with a glance of half-shy appeal to her father, as if asking if her interruption was untimely. "What is it, Eta?" he said, command ig himself to his usual calm. " I won't disturb you now, papa, if you're As Lconie looked upon the fair young face, and heard the fresh girlish voice, it seemed that the passion and agitation which had shaken and stormed her but now fell from her as a garment. A strange sense of unreality bore her up into that region of calm which dominates emotion, as the clear air is above the storm- clouds. She moved towards the girl with unfalter ing step. "And is this Eva?" she said, and her voice did not fail her now. " Eva," dwell ing lingeringly on the name. " I am— "This lady," Penrose interposed hastily, this lady is " But -she continued, ignoring the interrup tion : " A friend of your mother's, dear Eva!" "A friend of my mother's? Oh!" Eva's gentle face flamed with colour, a lovely light leapt in her eyes, as both her little hands went out eagerly to meet the stran ger's clasp. "I am so glad! It's the first time I've ever sceu any of mamma's friends!" The lady's lips were somewhat stiff as she framed them into a smiling response to the girlish greeting. She controlled her self marvellously, though her voice trembled just a little as she said, "Will you kiss me, Eva?" Eva willingly lifted her face, and warmly gave the kiss/tat how cold were the lips that returned it! Remembering the duties of hospitality, in which she thought her father for once somewhat remiss (but no donbt he was a little startled and agitated by the unexpected sight of her mother's friend, whose appearance nlust recall dear and sacred memories), she drew the visitor to the most comfortable chair, and took a low seat beside her, smiling up in her face* > ~ - Penrose looked on in an agony of appre hension. Conld mortal woman command herself? Bat Leonie had passed throagh the furnace that tempers the steel. More over, she was unable to grasp the reality of the position. It seemed to hei a dream that the child's eyes were looking into hers,; thc child's hand with shy girlish demonstra tion seeking her clasp; a dream that the babyf she had left on the other side of a ghastly gulf of years was this fair girl in the dawn of womanhood to-day! Yes, it was all like a dream—yet heaven help her if she should wake! " Am I like mamma ?" asked Eva, softly. " 2s o, you are more like your father, I think—only so much fairer." "Was mamma fair?" " She was rather fair when she was your age. Eva is generally thought like you, is she not?" she added, addressing Pen rose, with a challenge in her eyes to him to emulate her calmness. " Yes, she is considered like me," he re* plied, unsteadily. "Poor darling papa!" thought Eva, with a rush of tenderness melting her heart. How deeply he" must have loved her mother. He fould not even now bear any allusion to her. They must cot talk of her before him; yet oh! she was longing to talk about her, to ask about her! This friend and contemporary of hers could no doubt give those reminiscences, those little details, of the unknown mother for which the daughter's heart had always yearned. Bat for the present, before her father, she must restrain her longing. Penrose was on the rack as he listened to the innocent chat with which Eva strove to make the stronger feel welcome, her simple questions-as to where she was staying, and when did she come, and so on. Leonie's answers were discreet and' non committal, but he dared not leave the two alone. He presently reminded Eva, with what seemed to her a failing in his usual, tactful hospitality, that it was time to go and dress; but Eva would not part with her new-found friend until an arrangement had been made for them to meet next day. "Mrs. "White," as she gave her name, was to come to the Penroses; he thought it safer to have her under his owd roof, his own eyes, than let Eva go to her. What pitfalls of dangerous disclosure lay in the path along which Eva would tread recklessly in her girlish eagerness and curi osity I He dared not trust her away from him", tete-a-tete with Leonie. "Papa, darling, are you not well?" asked Eva, the next morning. " Quite well, child. Why?" " I thought you looked as if you had not slept well." "True. I did not sleep." Eva looked at him anxiously. How hag gard and worn his face looked, and how gray he was getting! Could it be only her fancy that his hair was much, much grayer than it was vesterdar? Has jour heart been bad?" she asked, nestling to his side, for once or twice ha had had signs of weakness of the heart, and Eva knew this, though she did not know how seriously the doctor thought of it. "No, childie, no; my heart is all right." To Eva's eagerness the hours seemed to crawl, until that appointed for "Mrs. White* to come. She thought the morning would never pass! "Now we will have a nice, nice, long afternoon's talk," she said gladly, holding Mrs. -White's hand and looking affection ately in her face. It was a face that had been beautiful, and would have been fair in its autumnal loveliness still if trouble had not graven on it deeper lines than time. But though her beauty was a thing of the past, she still retained her grace, her charm of voice and manner; her rare smile was sweet, her gray eyes lovely in I their tenderness and depth, a depth as of | some unfathomable grief. They were those I haunted eyes that we sometimes meet, I which seem for ever to see following be side their path a ghost, to which our sight is sealed. Eva's whole mind was possessed by her new friend. It would nave seemed to strangers a perfect infatuation she con ceived for the woman she had seen for tho first time but yesterday. It was not only her longing to hear of her mother, but something in "Mrs. White's" personality | fairly fascinated her. Penrose noted the at traction with a chill sinking of apprehen sion at Ms heart7 With what horror would the revelation of the trath barso upon Eva, if Leonie's self-command should foil her but for a moment! The opportunities of tete-a-tete between woman and girl were brief. Penrose, rest lessly uneasy! would never leave them long alone. On those rare occasions when Eva could lead to the subject of her mother, eager to hear all that Mrs. White could tell, she did not- jjake note that the " all" was vague and unimportant. * Mrs. White's reminiscences were only of trivialities such as " The pond-lily was her favourite flow er." " She was verv fond of dogs; sho had a spaniel named Fido she made a great pet of." Bat Eve drank in these trivial casual remembrances eagerly—there was nothing too trivial to interest her. In her flUal pride in her father, her de light in her mothers friend, she strove in her innocent way to draw the two to gether, talking enthusiastically of each to the other. "Papa, are not her eyes beautiful and sad—as if she had known some great sor row?" she asked oncc. "My God!" he groaned in his heart, "if tho child but knew what that sorrow was 1" To Lecnie she talked lovingly of her father—unsuspicious that her guileless cent words were as daggers to tlie. unhappy .woman's heart. " Papa is so good—so generous, so noble!" she said. " He is everybody's bene factor! If only dear mamma had been spared, how proud she would have been of him ! And oh, dear Airs. White, how he must have-loved her, when to this day he cannot bear to speak of her or to hear her name!" Aud Lconie, with "her heart as lire and. ice," forced her paling lips to assent - - It was not lost upon her that Penrose was an altered "man from the hour when she had stood face to face with him,. and, as a man might stare on the sheeted dead re-arisen, he. had gazed at her. Others might think that the anxieties of the on coming election weighed upon him, but tLere was one who knew the truth. They were alone one day, Eva being called away, had reluctantly left All's. White to her father for awhile. Lconie looked on the haggard face, the hair that in a few days had grown nearly white, the sunken eyes of the man she had once loved, the husband who had wronged her, as woman, wife, and mother. Love could not survive the terrible ordeal that had burnt the life out of hers. But long after love is dead and laid in its grave, the ten derness born of passion survives its parent. There was womanly compassion in her grave grav eyes as she said, "Paul, you look ill." "Do I?' Wondrous strange!" he rejoined bitterly. She was silent for a moment, then "You need not fear," she assured him, in a tone too infinitely sorrowful for bitterness. " You are safe, and she is safe, from any harm at my hands. If in nil these years my heart had hardened, it is hard no long er. Let me only see her for a little while, and I will pass out of your life again, and leave you at peace." "You will?' he said, with the same bit ter mockery of a smile. "You can?" No reproach is bitter as that of the sinner to the sinned against. But after a while tiie reaction came. Had Leonle reproached him, overwhelmed -him with just reproaches, he would have defended himself. Had she sought to ruin and destroy him, as she might well have done, he would have deemed himself the injured party. Her silence, her forbear ance, left him a prey to his own conscience. Somewhere deep in his hidden heart he had a remnant of conscience still, and that rem nant spoilt all his success for him, had been the grinning skeleton at his life's feast. The sight of the wronged woman and the Innocent girl together was to him as the embodiment of his double crime. Looking on them, he knew himself for ilia vile thing be was. The sleeping remorse that he had drugged into torpor wakened into a living serpent, that bit and ate bis heart away. And in this association with her unac knowledged child, even Leonie's stroug self-command began to melt and tremble. She sometimes felt that this was more than she, even she. could bear. To-leave the child would be martyrdom, but she was used to. martyrdom; to look into the child's eyes and keep her secret was tor ture. Penrose felt that the mine was laid, the Blow-match lighted. He could even now liave trampled it out, he could have ruth lessly parted mother and child once more. It could have been managed, but the awak- ! ened gnawing remorse at liis heart whis pered to him that he had wronged Leonie uasely, cruelly enough already 1 He owed it to her not to snatch from her such poor harvest as she could glean from the blight ed held. She was loyal still: he could not for very shame's sake—even he!—take ad vantage of her loyalty yet again. . And soon—soon—the crisis came. The Penroscs' drawing-room was divided into two apartments by a curtained archway. •Entering by the back door, Penrose paused jis he heard the voices in the front room, the tones of which were danger-signals. • V " Don't—don't go," pleaded Eva. * "If you knew all," and Leonie's accents "betrayed that the strain on her self-control went near to breaking, "if you knew all, perhaps you would not say that. My Kiory is a sad, a tragic one." \- " 1 knew it !" breathed Eva, bending to hiss her hand." 41 Don't, child! You would not kiss my hand, you might shrink from me, if you knew vi hat the story is—how it unfits me for the companionship of one yonns and innocent and pure as you! For, listen, Eva! ♦ You may as well know the worst as once. I spent the best years of my life—in prison 2" : •• But you were innocent!" cried Eva, unhesitatingly. For the instincts of the pare in heart are marvellously true. . Penrose drew back the curtain, and as a man might advance upon the levelled guns | that are to deal him death he moved to- j wards the woman and the girl. i 44 Yes, she was innocent," he said." "She : Buffered for another's crime." " I can believe it," exclaimed Eva. "Wrought up to white heat of calm, know ing the crisis was upon him at last, feeling jn^that moment that it had been madness ever to drenra lie could escape it, he had spoken unfalteringly. It was Leonie who paled and quivered like a tense chord. "Rinr»» rnn 1'irA lipnrd RO rm?rl»" T* 4 Sincr you have heard so much," Pen rose weut* on, "you may as well know I "She knows enough," interposed Leonie. /•Why dig up the buried bones oi a dead past—an ugly past to recall?" " Yes, it's a vciy ugly past, .for one of the actors in it, but that one is not you." " She sacrificed herself in some way for; another?" guessed Evat clasping her hand. J " You have hit the mark. She sacrificed herself—that was her sin 1 And it was a sin—a sin against the guilty man her sac rifice tempted to deeper guilt." lie scdurged himself with the words; his eyes gleamed with that strange wild light of the borderland that hovers on madness, as he added, "Since she has told vou of the years sho spent in prison, I will tell you how she came.to be there!" "Paul—no! Wbv distress the child by so painful a subject? You see, I knew your father when your mother was alive, dear Eva!" she explained markedly, casting a quick warning glance at him, "and. it seems natural to me to call him by his Christian name.*' ! "She screened the crime of a man to whom she was secretly married," Penrose continued, as if he baeL not heard the im lerruption. "She kept silence to give him time to fly, to save himself, and through her silence and a combination of unlucky circumstances susi>icion fell on her." . • "And he—the man?" " He," said Pentose, " fled and saved him-, self. He was not suspected—thanks to her who saved his body but destroyed bis soul. No one knew that he had been there that night. She premised him that ho one should ever know—and she kept her word." " How was it?" asked Eva breathlessly, too absorbed in her eager listening to look at Lconie's face. "The men she married had persuaded her to secrecy, because he had expectations from an old uncle, an eccentric, crabbed old miser, who would have disinherited him if he had known of the marriage. They had waited two years, hoping for an op portunity of disclosing it—or for the uncle's death. Perhaps he, the man, grew impatient, and weary of the secrecy; men are nob as patient and faithful as women, you know, child! And she conceived an idea—it was a woman's romantic dream— of going to help in the old miser's house hold In the hope of winning his liking and his consent to her marriage with his nephew. "The nephew was in hard straits; he came one night (no one knowing that he came) to ask his . uncle for money. The uncle insulted him—the younger man was of a fiery temper—he had his revolver—men don't often go unarmed at night in those parts. (For this all happened far away from England, you see, child.) There! you can guess to what the hot words led! She heard the sound of the shot and rushed into the room—too late! They were alone in the house, but the housekeeper was ex pected back every hour. His only chance was to fly, in the hope that the deed might be attributed to trnmn or bnnrlar. " But it was on her, not on tramp or burglar, that suspicion fell. He got safely away. She, found alGne there, was silent, let slip no word to compromise him, though her silence compromised herself. She was there under an assumed name— the old man had but lately left her a legacy in his will—she was known to be able to use a revolver, as women often find it needful to know how to defend themselves in remote settlements. " All this told against her when the case came for trial. And he, by that time far away in safety, when he heard, he argued with himself—at least, we can fancy how he may have argued—that they would never carry cut the last sentence of the law on her, a woman, and young and beautiful; they would give her the benefit of the doubt! While for him, were the truth discovered, there would be no mercy. He salved—he may have salved—his conscience by resolving that he would never let it come to the bitter end. If the sentence were not commuted he would come for ward and confess. But her life was spared. She lived through her long martyrdom of years in prison silent—to save him!" Eva fell on her knees at Leonie's side, and threw her arms round her, sobbing passionately. "You do not shrink from the stain of the prison, then?" said Leonie, with a breath caught like a cry. " Shrink? From the bravest and noblest woman I have ever known! The stain? The halo of the saint and martyr on your brow! I was ready to love you as my mother's friend, for my mother's sake. Now I adore you for your own!" Lconie drew a long quivering sigh of re lief. The child had no suspicion. But the innocence of her faith went like iron through Penrose's tortured soul. He put his hand to his breast, struggling silent ly for breath; his face was asheu gray. Lconie saw it, and pitied. Eva in that moment had no eyes except for her. "But the mau—the coward—the traitor —what became of him? Surely some retri bution fell on him?" she questioned cac ly. Her young voice thrilled with bitter scorn. In her indignation and loathing she had forgotten for the moment that it was Leonie's husband of whom she spoke. " Yes, Eva, yes," her father said hoarse ly. " He was punished; his sin found him out I" Startled at the change in her father's voice, Eva glanced up at him; but Leonie's arm was round her; Leonie's quickly drew her close, so that the girl's face was hidden on the woman's heart. Folding Eva to her with one baud, Lconie raised the other, with a gesture rather commanding than en treating, to Penrose. " Eva, dear," she said softly, steadfastly, "we must deal mercifully with the dead, you know. And that man who sinned is —dead! Pray with.me for his soul, dear child, that he may be forgiven as 1 have forgiven him! He sinned, he su£er$d, he Lrtxi&uted;—aad he aloiie^0. .vV- | Penrose fell ou liis knees beside her. Tlio stern proud man kissed a woman's trembling hand. He sauk lower. At the sound of his full Kva turned with a start and a cry, but he never heard her ex clamation of alarm. A woman's sacrifice had saved his life; a woman's mercjr slew him, by one swift blow, to the-over-burthened heart; a wo man's prayer followed his-parting soul, to •plead for him at tbe-Courfc where he who escaped earthly justice shall be judged I . Canada exports petroleum annually to the value .of .*£240,000. . 