GENERAL NEWS. The directors of the A.M. P. Soci. ty have decided to submit to a referendum vote the question of extending the business of the Society beyond the colony. To tbis end voting papeia will be sent to every member asking them for a straight out ?' yes ' or ' no ' on the question. Thii coursa should have been adopted in tbe first instance, when a deal of expense and bad feeling would have been saved. Members of the N.S.W. Parliament areaskine to be Bnpplied with a life pass on the railways, in view of the fact that this is the last sovereign Parliament in this colony. The request is a modest one— that is, for N.S W. membi r* of Parliament. They might have asked fora life iutceeat in the-profits of the tailwaya themselves We think our politiuiins do very well in getting free passes while they are members, with free postage and .£300 a year thrown id, without making them dead-beads for life on the rail ways. Thete was quite a lively meeting at Goulliurn the other night in connection with the Early Closing Act. One party of busiuesa people want Friday as the half-holiday and the other party want Saturday. The . Friday 'party were victorious on the question. AUTHENTIC MEDICAL OPINIONS WORTH KNOWIXG.-Dr. Osborne says : 1 use SANDER & SONS' EUCALYPTI EXTRACT as a spray for nasal catarrh, low fever, asthma, &c;, with great success. I find tbis preparation superior to all others.' Dr. Stuhl : ' I have usel various pre paration of Eucalyptus, but I get better results from SANDER & SONS' EUCALYPTI EX TRACT than any other.' Dr. Preston : ' I never use any Eucalyptus preparation other that SANDER i SONS', as I found the others to be almost useless.' Dr. Hart : ' It goes without eaying that SANDER & SONS' EUCALYPTI EXTRACT is the best iu the market.' In in fluenza,- all fevers, throat and lung trouble, diph theria, diarrhoea, dysentery, kidney complaints, rheumatism, woundn, sprains, ulcers, &c;, it is invaluable. See that you set SANDER, & SONS'. and reject spurious preparations, which are some times supplied by unscrupulous dealers. The statement circulated in Victoria that 3000 miners were required for the Transvaal and Rho desia seems to have been founded on a tnirappre bension. 'Mr. J. J. Rendle, who wrote to the Bendigo Miners' Association ou the matter, has explained that his letter was altogether misunder stood. He says he merely wrute in his capacity as an Australian representative of a Lin ion trade journal, with the intention of finding oJt what number of miners would be likely ti leive Victoria for South Africa if wanted on a 12 months' engage ment at £1 per working day. He bad no intention of giving the impression that he was prepared to engage men, and admits1 that he hai no authority to enter into any agreement of the character stated. \- In reply to a question in Parliament, the Minis ter for Agriculture said it «a? estimated that about 60 per cent, of the ex-students of tbe Agricultural Colleges have settled on the land. The Colonial Secretary announces that the reward offered for the capture of the Breelong blacks is not to be increased. Mr. Perry, Minister fur Education, hw had under consideration tbe rate of salary pii 4 U- some of the pchool teachers in the lower grades of the service. He thinks that many of them are 'underpaid, and he intends to arrange fur increased salaries in a number of cases. Mr. Perry state', however, that the increases cannot be allowed till the money neces sary to cover the additional expense has been voted by Parliament. Twelve persons have been killed and 40 injiired in a railway acciient near Rome. Amony the passengers iu the train were the Grand Duke Peter of Russia, cousin of the Czi', ani his wife. Princess Militzi, a sinter of Queen Helene of Italy. Mr. Barton was entert lined at dinner at Menzie's Hotel, Melbourne, on Wednesday by Mr. Simon Frascr, M.L.C. Mr. Alfred Deakin, the Victoiiin delegate, who was present, referred to th? state ment in the Assembly that he kept his expenses down to £550, aod refunded the balance of tbe £1000 'to tbe Treasury. In justice to the New South Wales delegate, he felt it his duty just as publicly to state that the lion's share of the enter taining fell Upon Mr. Barton, whose expenses were thus necessarily heaty. TO THE DEAF.— A rich lady, cured of her Deafness and Noues iu the Head by Dr. Nicholson's Artificial Ear Drums, has sent £1000 to bin Institute, so that deaf people unable to procure the Ear Drums mav have them free. Apply to Department A.O., The Institute, ' Longooit, Gunnersburg, London, W., England. A New Zealand trooper in South Africa, writing home, states that Lord Kitchener has CBllod for 2000 voluuteers to join him in an expedition through Africa to Cairo at the close of the present war. AB.aoonseqnence of heavy rains aod strong wind, severs floods nave occurred at Laiinceston (T«s.) and in -tbe surroaodi'ig districts. The low-lying parts of the suburbs of.Liuncestou are under water. A somewhat unusual sight for Australia was that of a funeral in the snow at Kiandra ou Wednesday last. An old resident named Jon Birdett, died suddenly at the age of 70, The corpse had to be conveyed to tbe grave in, a toboggan, wlitoh was drawn by four mourners, in turn. There we're about 30 persons following on snowshoes. In the absence of a clergyman the burial was oonducted and the servion was read by Senior constable Kilfoyle. A woman named Clara Thomas, aged '31, was charged at tbe Central Police Court on -Thursday with obtaining monies, 5a 31 and 11s, fiom two clergymen by representing she was in. one cate the daughter and the other the sister of another well known clergyman. She was sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment. , A country school master determined to enforce punctuality, told iiis pupils, that for the future if any of them came late without bringing a valid written excuse, ^he or she would be punished. Soon »fter a small boy brought, the following note: — ' Dear Sir,— Please excuse Jack for being l»(e, be was kept at home to attend his mother's funeral, I'll take care It does not oooor aftalp,' Mr. E. Barton, accompanied by Mrs. Banon, and Mr. J, R. Diokson, the Queensland delegate, arrived in Sydney on Thursday morning. They were met 'at Redfero by over 600 people Mr. ? Barton aud M r. Diekson were driven in afour-ln-hand to the Town Hall, where Mr. Barton's health was. drunk, and aleo Mr. Viokson's. Mr. Barton looks remarkably well after his trip, although aomer what thinner than when he left.. Gveat Ciasar's ghost I poor watted frame, That once full vigor did possess, , C'h't be a man in el«e but nurae, His cough has brought him such distress. Theunderlaker ?railM to tbink Next winter's odd he'll not endure, . Oh, ns'er lay die, but take a drink ? Of W. E. WoodY Great Peppermint Cure. 