lBEHINDA VEIL ..BY MRS 0. N, WILLIAMSON. Salthor of "His Grace," 'The Secret of the Pearls,""The House by the Loch," "Quteen Sweetheart, ""A 'Man from the SDark, "Fortune's Sport," "The News paper Girl," Etc. . CHAPTER XI;-(Continued.) .Ie been ten days and nights on the a~'-and it's a miracle I:wasn't caught fo?.an escaped mad woman-but If they sdarc ted for me they must have gpt on tJiejtong track from thefirst .:Anyhow; \--"t?lreamihg what I'd seen, abd what 'guessed, I daresay the Count would +--thlnk lt was now too late for my stpry:to .make an impressloh or do him hiuriCt "It seemed as' if he was right in think, Ing :that, :too; for I've had bad luck to dayi-tlllI found yri. I went toa'doc tor;' here .in Vlenna, who'd been kind to me-when I isas ill for a few days last winter, arid told him. everything, asking his advice what to'do. But, would you belleve it, he thought I was off my liea?f. l, i?nd ailylsed mo not 'to o anythin ng at all, sayloyit? reei If omy tale was true'I. couldn't prove It. People would only laugh at me,-and perhaps Count von I1or ni3k or the Falconbergs could have me clapped into prison for a blackmailer. "It was from the doctor that I heard about my sweet lady; how they'd sent her right away, and he had heard she had died of a broken heart. Every one in Vienna knew so much, said he but he hinted at a mystery, which people -whispered about though no one spoke a word out'loud. What It was, he wouldn't tell me. But I thought : 'Mr Tristram's sure to know,' and I determined I'd come once again to ask you. Evening was the best time to find you disengaged, I was .sure--just before dinner; so I didn't call a?t once. Instead, I went to the English ' chaplain, and had a talk with him, hop Ing he'd be'more encouraging, and might give me some advice: But he thought I was on a wildgoose chase, and evidently didn't want to be mixed up in such a queer affair. Then at last, when I was feeling pretty desperate, It was time to colhe and' try for you.You can imagine'what a shock 'it wag to hear you'd gone from the Em bassy for good-and how I was sure Pro. vidence was on my side when I saw you or your ghost. It's much like it was that first night, sir; I want you to help me. Do say you can and will." "We'll help each other, Jenny," Tris tram said, rather grimly, "for we've the fame end in view. I, too, would think Providence had brought us together. We both loved Lady Mary, Jenny, and I know from your own lips that you would have been ready to'give your life for hers- Just as I would a hundred times over. It's too. late for that." '!Too late!" Jenny repeated the words In a whisper shrill with horror. "Oh, sir, you don't mean that word, really ? You can only say it figuratively-because they sent her away to break her heart." "They have killed her," Tristram-harsh. ly answered. And then he told her the story of the past few months, sparing himself not at all. "One thing, and one thing only, has been worth living-for since," he said at last. "To avenge her: IMy one hope of justice Is now withh the Empress. If I'can tell her the whole truth, " Ibelleve-tht.hernfl uence.wlU?beue., ;i-w'tltithe'"tichbfshop, or even with. the Pope, if that be necessary, to have strict inquiries made as to the exact manner of Lady Mary Desmond's death. There Is another In the secret, and once she Is questioned, her conscience will force her to confess. . . "The Emperor and Empress- are at their I villa in-Ischl; they went only to-day, 'and 1 I am following to-night. What I might I n not have been ab!e taccons . "selfa-against'suchi powerful enemies as I] have; Icon accomplish with your help." "Mine, air?" faltered Jenny. "Why, I am nobody, whlle you are a gentleman with 'Honorable' before' your name, and lots of Influence and friends." "What I want is a witness," said Tris tram, "and that I have in you. Your story, together with mine, will prove the terrible pressure that was brought to ,aa - ý^.--.r-..-.r-a?--nrM" nlarry-ner to Count von Kornis; It will prove her determined refusal. You are the only person not in the pay of Kornis who saw the attack on me, outside the gates of Falconberg last winter. Even I did not know as much as you know of that. And the strange history of your adventures since, though you might not have been able, quite alone,to substantiate it against Count von Kornis'a indignant denial, will be believed, when I have added my quota. With such a preface to the story of what Lady Mary?has suffered we shall have the Sgenerous-hearted,. Impulsive Empress on our side. And with her on our side, the cause Is won. Will you go to Ischl to night?" - "Will I go, sir?, I'd go if I had to walk."'' 'You have done enough tramping the country, my girl. Even yet we can catch the train I'd meant to take; we'll be In ?schl by early morning, and I may hope, 'through friends, to see the Empress, -ere's a cab-in with you, Jenny." The maid obeyed, her face flushing, her yey shining. "Oh, sir, if it was only as it was when we drove together.a'to help her before!" she exclaimed with a.sob. S"Ifshe was alive: If she was but alive." 