IN OWN ACCUSER. CHAPTER XI. PAULINE SINKS UNDER HER TROUBLE, BUT STARTLES MARK RAM IN HER RAVINGS. BY HOUGHTON TOWNLEY, AUTHOR OF "DAZZLED." The inquest on the death of Dr. Chester is passed, and his remains are earned to the grave, but Pauline knows nothing of it The blow so fully struck at nor happiness and uio sudden death of her father together have rendered her helpless* Martha found her lying senseless, and for a long time all efforts to revive her were unavailing. At length Dr. Marsh arrived upon the scene. "1 left instructions that she should bo pu( to bed at once,*’ lie whispered .half angrily to Martha ; "how is it that 1 find her up?'’ "She was a-bed a few minutes ago, sir, but she must have got up again and put on her dressing-gown." "What is that in her hand: a letter V Take it from. her gently. Yon say she screamed and you heard a fall I" “Yes, sir, a most dreadful scream os sent my blood cold. She must have scan a ghost or something,'' "Nonsense. This letter has something to do with it. It is no business of ours to read it. Take care of it till she asks for it again. Take off her gown and put her to bed ; she is coming to. I shall be down stairs if I am wonted." With willing hands Martlia disrobed her young mistress and put her to bed, where she remained in a ha’f-stunned condition nil that day and part of the next. Kind friends without end called to see Miss Chester and condole with her, but one and all were strictly denied) an audience, Th?ro were well-meaning friends who called and loft polite notes, others from a distance sent telegrams. Several called chiefly with the object of discovering how , much a yard dear Pauline proposed paying for her mourning dress ; she would look so well in blank, and there was a lovely little hoimot down the town at Simpkinson's tliat would Ire the very thing, etc. One and all found the door shut upon them, and not a few* went away in great indignation, expressing their contempt for "that young Mr. Marsh" who had charge of the late doctor’s practice. One person paly, with delicate feeling, brought her a hunch of sweet, fre«h flow ers ; that person was Jimmy, the diminutive youth who served in the dual capacity of page and errand boy to the doctor's house hold. Martha, who now rarely left the bedside of her young mistress, was dis turbed by a gentle tapping at the door, and on opening 71 discovered Jimmy outside holding a bunch of flowers nearly as big as his head- He motioned - mysteriously to Martha to stoop ‘ down so that lie might whisper to her. "How is she, Martha <” he asked. . "I think she’s asleep. Don't whisper in my ear as if you wanted to blow ipy head off. What do you want?” "Tli —these,' he spluttered, thrusting the flowers into her hand and turning quickly away, as if ho had done something wrong, at the same moment bursting out into a muffled sob as he hurried down the stairs. "Hero, Jimmy, come back. What are they fori Who arc tlwy from /” whis pered Martha from the top of the stairs. Jimmy stopped on the stairs, surprised and hurt. Ho looked back with offended dignity. "They’ro from me, o’ course.” "Oh I” Jimmy’s grief was checked for the mo ment by his indignation. He strutted away with his head in the air, muttering, “Thinks I ain't big enough to have any 'art. I sup pose ; but I have, a; <i anybody what says I ain’t I’ll lot ’em know it." After which lucid and grammatical statement he. buried himself in • a small pantry and ferociously attacked the first pair of boots that came to hand, dropping tears all over them, and discovering as soon as ho could see out of his eyes that ho had blacked the coach man's boots all over the part that should have been pipc-clayed. “It’s no good,” he moaned, an he drop ped the brushes ; “I’m gone all wrong— ■everything's gone all wrong. I’ve been and pub the blacking on the shining brush. I shall he n-blacking my own face in a mi nute and polishing the bottle.'’ Jimmy was rather a character. No one know how old he was—or how young.’ He had the fom of a lad with the maimers of an old man, and though lie declared himself to be twenty years of ago, other people fixed his years at fifteen. Anyway, Jimmy was an oddity, with a smart tongue and a soft heart. Ho had been in the doctor’s sen ice for some years, and seemed not to have grown the least bit older during that period. Ho considered himself on an equality with the coachman, and knew ns much about dispensing as a good many doctor’s assistants. His foiling was a weakness for the fair sex. His young mistress ho adored with a hopeless love that was sometimes comic. He had even been known in amorous moments to make love to the substantial Martha, with the aid of the kitchen table to enable him to teach her comfortable waist. His present of flowers was intended more as an expres sion of sympathy than mere adoration, Martha took the flowers into her young mistress’s room, walking on tiptoe. To bar astonishment, Pauline was sitting up in bed wide awake, with sparkling eyes and burning cheeks, "What lovely Mowers. Martha. Did father pick them for mo?” Martha stared aghast at the joyful light in the girl’s eyes. "Your father, miss?” "Ah, I know he did. Bring them here, Martha and spread them out on the bed, and wo will play shops, and you will come in and buy and bo a grand gentleman, and I will sell you a buttonhole, and Ah, what is the matter with vou. Martha? Why do you look at me like that?" “Poor, dear missy, she thinks she’s a little girl again, grief has turned her brain,” cried Martha, in distress. "Lie down, Miss Pau line, lie down and sleep.' “1 won’t. lam going to father to tell him his flowers are all dying. Look at them all going smaller and smaller. Where arc they? You have taken them all away.” “No, I haven’t) miss. There they are,” “They are not. You are not telling the truth. Whejo is father?” “He’s gone, miss. Can’t you remember —gone?” “Gone!” shrieked Pauline, grasping the frightened woman’s, arms. “Gone? You have taken him away!” "Lor, missy, do be calm,” sobbed Martha. ‘‘Tou’re not right in your head. I can’t bring him back ; I wish I could.” "Tell mo where ho is, then. Do you hear?” she cried, shaking her by the arm with all the strength of yputh. "’Tell mo or I will kill you. Why do you glare at me like that? Why does the ceiling cross down on my head like that? Don’t hold me, I toll you; it will crush us both in r. minute. Let me go.' Jump out of tie window with me and we shall be saved. Take your hands off my throat !” "I'm noti touching you, miss, I’m not in deed,” cried Martlia, piteously. ' j “You are. What arc these people round I my bed? Send them away.” j "All right, Miss Paulino.” i "All, lookl look!” shrieked the demented girl, pointing to a comer of the room ; "look, there is Phil with a rope round his neck They are going to hang him and he is calling for me. Lot mo go! Let me go, you hor rible woman! Let mo go fo Phil I" “He’s not here, miss ; he’s not, I assure you.” "And who are you ? Ah, you’re Martha J know you. Where is mother?” “She’s gone, miss,” "Bring her back. Do you hear? Bring her back at once!” *T cant mist?. Oh, .don’t look at me like thafl, you make my blood rim cold.” "Don’t touch mo or I wall cry for help. 2/ hate .yon! Help! help!” "What is the matter?” asked the calm voice of Dr- Marsh as ho entered the room. The presence of the doctor calmed her a little. "Take her away,” gasped Paulino, point ing to Martha. * "Tell mother to send her off. I bate her!” "Oh, Mies Paulino, don’t,” wailed poor Martha, wringing her hands. . "Yes, yes, that’s all right; we’ll send her sway presently; she’s a bad woman,” said the young doctor. "Well, I never 1” exclaimed the aston ished Martha, brindling up astonished awl indignant. “Hush! Don’t you? understand? Humor her,” said the doctor. - “What are.youjyhiapeting about C ’.asked Paulino, suspiciously. _ “I know jqu- You vrant xo marry me. You arc Eddie. Vvhat arc you doing with that, gun 7 Ah, take it away from him 1“ oho shrieked, leapiny up in bed ; "he ia going to shoot hiJNelf I" ■■’Yes, yc-s; that doesn’t matter. Lie down and be quiet.” “Whore's father ?” “He's out. Lie dorm andbequiot, or lie will bo angry.” “X am quite good,” Said Paulino, with suddon chad-like obedience. “You won’t tell father, will you ?” . ~ “Not if you go to sleep.” “1 can’t go to sloop. X hoar voices out side, What arc they saying? I can hear Phil telling them to take mo away. He does not want mo! Ho does not loye me 1 Hark! They are coming up the stairs.” At a bound she leapt from the bed to wards the window, which was in the front of the house, and before they realised what had happened she hod thrown up the lattice and was loaning half-way out. “Look! look! there he is—there .is the murderer!" she shrieked, pointing to a wan who was au that moment entering the front gate. The man thus alluded to looked up with a scared, white face- It was Stephen Markham. Tiiey pulled her back into the .room, and Jimmy below admitted Markham “Wliafc is the matter upstairs?” he asked, with shaking voice. “The young missus is going on. orful, sir.” "Who has been hero to sec her?” gasped Markham. . • ' - “Only Dr. Marsh, sir-.” “You’re a liar!” Markham blurted out, looking round with his ferret eyes as though expecting a figure to dart out of the sha dows and arrest him. “You’re another,” replied Jimmy, draw ing himself up to full height, such as it was, and inhaling his chest till it seemed about to burst, while all the little round buttons down the front of his coat oscillated in a most imposing maimer. "Only a little delirium,” said Dr. Marsh, coming down in time to prevent a. further passage of arms. “Miss Chester is rapidly developing brain fever. The death of her father, and some other trouble, of which I know nothing, have together quit© un strung her,” Markham felt relieved, but the quick eye of the doctor noticed that ho was consider ably agitated. “Paulino’s accusation of murderer, in stead of surprising him, seems to have thoroughly frightened him,” thought Dr. Marsh. “Never saw a man look mor> startled.” It was not only Pauline’s delirious raving that had alarmed the guilty man. As he came along flic street a few minutes before he hod been startled by a rough-looking man, who came up to him and shook his fist in Jus face, muttering some incoherent words. The aggressor was hopelessly drunk but- the lawyer's quick eyes <?aw chat he was wearing a rich silk necktie of a particular pattern. It was the only respectable piece of wearing apparel that man had on, and stood out with undue prominence. Murk ham recognised it at once as his “wu —the one he had lost in the struggle thoI v.’ghfe in Hazel Wood. Before he had time tc re cognise the blear-eyed drunkard as -Job Cassidy another man, with his hat drawn down over his ©yes, came up, and, pulling the drunkard aside, hurried him away. The murderer dared not look back. In guilty fear he hurried on, reasoning out the when and the how, the probabilities ami the jiossibilities of tho strange man’s behaviour —what it could mean, and how he became possessed of (the incriminating necktie. Imagine, then, his state of nervous agita tion as he entered tho gate of the Chesters’ house, and his feelings when ho heard him self wildly assailed by Pauline’s meaning less delirious cry of “Murderer!” can more readily be understood than described. His position was not so safe as lie had imagined. At every turn £oim*liing hap pened to remind him of his crime. His cowardly fear magnified things mi til the habit of looking nervously behind him at every few steps grow upon him. His pro fession brought him frequently in touch witli the police, and ho fancied at times that they looked at him stealthily out of the corners of their eyes. When i.hey whis pered together his guilty mind conjectured that he formed the subject of their consul tations. Like the cowardly schoolboy who, when about to bo cries put, “I did not do it, it- was someone else,” he longed to finally cast all tho suspicion, upon Phil Raynor, and so protect himself for over- But his plans wore not ripe yet. He had set his heart upon Pauline, ond ho could not give her up; lie could not relinquish the power over her which knowledge of Phil’s delusion gave him. Yet if danger seriously threatened his own neck he was prepared oven to abandon her.’ CHAPTER XII. THE POACHERS .PUT TWO AND TWO TOGETHER BUT CANNOT MAKE FOUR—THE MURDERER RESTLESS —THAT GUN AGAIN. “It do seem a bit queer, Job, and I can’t say as I quite follers yers, but it strikes me as wo’vo fell upon a mystery.” The speaker was tho rascal Nicky, his companion. Job Cassidy- They were sit ting on a bank by the roadside, within sight of their favorite retreat, the “Bakers’ Arms.” and not a stone’s throw from Hazel Wood. “Lot’s/ start over again, Job. Lot’s begin at the beginning. You say as you was hoeing weeds up at the 'All when you ’ears a row going on inside, and a fight; and you listens and you ’oars Mealy Markham says as he’d spent money wot ho didn’t oughter, and ho charges voungMr.Raynor with shoot ing Mr. Wilde?” “Yes, that’s it,” said the slow-witted Job. “And Mr. Raynor, he said he didn't do it; and yet he gave in and signed a hinvoice or sinnmat what protected Mealy Mark ham?” “Yes.” J.’ We11 ? dear, Job, ’as young Mr- Wilde didn’t shoot himself, ain’t it? And it’s clear some one else did. Therefore, who is it? I asks.” “It’s ’im—Markham,” said Job. “I know it wasn’t the young ’un.” “Worry well j wo finds a gun hidden ui tho wood, and while we’re looking at it the lorful owner comes along and tries to get :L and we ’as a tussle in the dark, and the gent leaves 'is necktie behind-— “And his pin ?” interjected Job ; “and a bullet in my boot.” “Just so. And after that a cove comes to the ‘Bakers’ Arras,’ wet and out of breath, and we see he ain’t got no necktie on. And that man wag Mealy Markham.” “He was that.” “Therefore, my lud—as the bloko ses what argifics with th© beak-—the case is clear as icristal water. Mr. Mealy has bin doing somethink shady with that there gun as he was ashamed of.” .• “Shootin’,” said Job. M 0 “And it’s very clear that one of these two ’as’ad a’and in it.” ; 7.: ‘ "It is that.” . „ “ ‘Therefore,’ as the parson aos in his ser mon, when the smell of his Sunday dinner is warfted across from the wickerage through Che chancel winder, ‘in konklusion-’ Is chore any reward? There ain’t. Is there any good in saying-anythink to the porlice? There ain’t, but we’ve got to find that gun. | Ifls left in the wood, I’ll swear. If we can clap ’ands on that, Job, stick to it, id strikes me as ’im what wants it will pay a tidy price for it.” “How much ?” “Fifty pun, 1 should sayand a bit more to keep our mouths shut, oh?” “Nicky, you’re n genihs,” said Job, after a pause of astonished admiration. “I yam, Job, I know it; I yam,” said Nicky, striking a melodramatic attitude. “I was bom for better things,” he cried, punching his chest, “much better things; better weskiis and trowsis, and ’igh 'ats. I was born to drive a pony shay—ray own, not no other bloke’s. I was bom for a slaiv up gent, that’s whot I was. And the time mayn’t be so far off, neither. Job, if we could spoil the little game of these 'era nobs, and make !em shell out ’amlsome- - thick’uns and flimsies, no ’arf measures— there’s no knowin’ we mightn’t’both become blooming torffe enough to take a pub.” “Do you mean it, Nicky?” « “I does. Swclp me if my throat’ ain’t a-gitting dry at the thought of it. Come along to the ‘Arms,’ Job. ’Ave a gargle on the strength of this ’ere consultation.” Job slowly rose to his feet and slouched along beside his friend. As they neared tho “Bakers’ Arms” their attention' was (atfcnjfcod foy the comidal figure of a youth in buttons and a tall hat strolling along in the centre of the roal, with his lofty headgear tilted right on to his nose and Ins hands deep down in his trousers pockets. It was Juninv from Dr- Chester’s, and ho appeared ' to be making for the “Bakers' Aras.’ 1 Tho trio met at the entrance. ,'JA.heoUV .coughed .Nioky -verv-'loudly'as Jimmy placed hfe hand on the door, “littl* boys not served in this bar. Hinfants in harms t'other doory" which pleasantry was received by Jimmy with a atony stare. By way of retaliation, however, Jimmy, with his elbows squared, pushed open the swing doors very wide, so that when re i leased they swung back swiftlv. just in time to dpso with a bang upon Nicky, nar rowly-escaping a collision with that worthy's nose. . ' . “Think you're mighty clever,-don’t yer X* said Nicky, as he entered. “I don’t think,”.said. Jimmy. “No, I wouldn't tf I was jfrou; you-might ’urt yersclf; That little 'ood of vourn worn’t made fer Use,' only for horhameni'.” “That'A- more than yours was. A quart of ale, pfbase, miss, and look sharp, there’s a daisy,” said Jimmy, tilting Hie hat on his nose, crossing Ids legs, and resting life fold ed arms on tho edge of the counter. (He could only just reach up to it.) "A qu-quarfc of ale I” exclaimed Nicky, in tone® of exaggerated astonishment.' “Give the kid a bucketful, miss, and let ’im swim in it.” Tho bpinaid giggled a little, and Jimmy's equanimity was a trifle shaken.- “Look here,” he exclaimed, inflating hie chest anti squaring up threateningly, “do you want to be chucked out?” “You oh —chuck me out,” cried Nicky, looking down at the lad’s four-feot-nothing in feigned alarm. “Be.keerful J be keerfui ! Tide 'ere friend of mine is Jem Smith the slogger, and he'll protect me wiv -'is last drop o' blood.” . ' ' “Jem Smith, eh,” said Jiminy ; “ho looks a gem, don’t he?” : Stolid Job, who had been looking on as amused as his gloomy nature would allow,; now put his head round the angle of the bar and informed the young gentleman that “he didn’t want any of his sauce,” “And now a ilireepenn*' cigar, Daisy, please,” said Jimmy, as the fatbarmaid brought him a tankard of ale as big as his head. “Naughty! naughty!” cried Nicky, “smok ing at your time of life. Til toll, youi .mo. You’ll be sick,” Jimmy bib off the stump of the cigar, and with an air of -supreme contempt placed the weed in lus mouth, where ho supported its umneldly length at an auglo of- defiance,, while ho searched in his trousers for a match. “Find them- trousers tight, don’t yer?” said Nicky. . No response. “And them buttons on yer chest, are they sewed on strong?” No response. ’ ’Cos I was tliinkin’ v our mother might bo afeer’d -when you shove out your chest like bliat as you’d get ’em in your mouth and swaller ’em.” No reply, only a defiant puff from the big cigar. “Going to stand any think, youngster?” said Nicky, after a pause. “Here, Daisy,” said Jimmy, grandly, “kindly give the- gentleman a bung to stop his mouth up.” “Bravo, Jimmy.’” growled Job, who waS thirsty and tired of tho banter. “So your name’s Jimmy, is it?" said Nicky, patronisingly, “and you know: my friend Jem Smith, do you?? • “Yob, ho knows me,” grunted Job. 'Tvc seed ’im down at Dr, Chester’s many a time when I’ve took letters down to Miss Chester for Master Raynor—and a smart lad he is, loo.” Under tho influence'of tho ale and Job’s flattery Jimmy melted a little. “Como on, Jimmy, what are you going to stand?” asked Nicky again, in a tone of conciliation. “A quart of old ale for me, Jimmy ?” said Job, persuasively. “Dash me if I won't join yer, Job," quoth Nicky, with an effort, as though some one had- been persuading him not to. “A quart of old ale for these persons," said Jimmy, planking down a half-sovereign. Nicky bent over it in mock astonishment, and examined the coin as though it wore some curious reptile. “'Arf a sor.! Oh, I say, aren’t we flush!” “Yes, I’ve just come into money." “No 1” “Yes, honor bright!” said Jimmy, burst ing with confidential importance—and beer. “Ten pounds loft to each of us servants by ray poor master." * “That Is nice. And ’avo yer got it with yerP “No, I ain’t got it all yet. He won't give it mo ail at once,” f ‘Wlvo won’t?” “Markham, the lawyer who’s got charge of everything.” “Oh, he won’t, won’t ho? I suppose he don’t part easy, does ho?" “No—stingy brute.” Tho two poachers exchanged a meaning look. • “She’s a nice gal, ain’t site, at your place —the daughter, I mean?" asked Nicky. Jimmy buried his n6se in his tankard to hide lus emotion. • “Nice gu'l,” continued Nicky; “she’s goin’ to marry Mr. Raynor., ain’t she?” “I dunno,” spluttered Jimmy from the depths of life quart pot. “I suppose he’s a friend, of hers, ain’t he? I mean Mr. Markham." “No, ho ain’t,” snapped Jimmy, banoim' down his pot and the wrong end of his cigar into his mouth. “She hates him, I believe.” “Oh, she does, does she ?” “Yes. Ho came yesterday when she was ill, and off her head with brain fever, and as she was trying to jump out of the window she saw him, and she shouted out ‘Mur derer! Murderer!’” Nicky and his friend exchanged rapid glances. “And you should just have seen bis mug when I opened the door. It was as white as—well, as that almanac;.” Nicky again made an elaborate grimace at his comrade, but. Jimmy’s sharp eyes ob served it. “What® the matter?” he asked. “Got the toothache?” . “No, no, only got the jumps in my eyes. Tm orfen took like that. An’ what did she call him murderer for?" asked-Nicky, continuing his pumping operations. “Blest, if I know. Poor girl! she’s awful bad, and he ain’t been near her, I call it disgusting!” “Who ain’t been near her?” “Why, Mr. Raynor, who's going to many her. If ho was hero I’d punch his head.” Jimmy valiantly shook his fist, rammed his little top hat on his little fat head, and chewed his cigar savagely. ■Tvo got a note for him from Dr. Marsh, telling him to come down and see her at once, or ho won’t be responsible for the consequences.” * “Ana what’s that other letter sticking out of your pocket?” - ./ , “That’s for him, too, from Mr. Mark ham.” “Well, my friend here happens to be dping a little weedingjip at the All," said Nicky, “and yon ’aving bin so goibd as to stand drinks, no doubt he’ll bp glad to take ’em up for you, won’t you, Job?” Job nodded assent. Jimmy handed over the two letters with 1 alacrity. “Take ’em,” he said, '-loftily ; “I’d rather not meet him. When my blood’s up——" “You’re dangerous, I -know," said Nicky, sympathetically. ‘Tm often taken that way myself. Here, Job, take care of the gen tleman’s letters. ITI along of you and see you safe," After another pot of old ale at Jimmy’s expense, and sundry respectful farewells from Nicky, who addressed Jimmy as “Sir,” much to the youth’s delight, the two schem ers left with the letters for Mr. Baynor. , (To Be Continued.) 