Jubilee Celebrations. SUNDAY SERVICES. The first services anil celebrations in con nection with ibc jubilee of Presbyterianism in Queensland were held on Sunday. .The prin cipal Presbytcriau pulpits, of the city were occupied by representative;-ministers from I London, Svdnev, Melbourne, and Adelaide. I Sorno of these arc referred to below. Thcebief | event to Presbyterians themselves was the United Comxuxios.Set.vicb held iu the Exhibition concert hall on Sunday | afternoon under the presidency, of the very I rev. tho moderator (Rev. Dr. Kuipe). who j was supported on the platform by several 1 assisting- miuLterc. Tho 100th Psalm! opened the service. lYaver was offered by thcwRev. «Tohu Ferguson, of Sr. Stephen V, Sydney. The Scripture lesson was read by the Rev. AV. S. Macqueeu, followed by a hymn. A short sermon was preached bf Rev. Professor Harper, B.D., who selected as his text the words "Jesus Christ, the same, yesterday, to-day, and for ever." Tho treat ment of the subject was most impressive. The dispensation of the sacranicnt of the Lord's supper followed, the moderator being assisted therein by tho ministers and elders of the various churches, tlie moderator-liimself read ing the Scripture, ami the Rev. Dr. Hay offering the sacramental prayers. A short address on the words 451 have received of the Lord that which T delivered unto you" was delivered by the Rev. G. Davidson, M.A., of South Australia. This was followed by tho doxology. This very im pressive service, which was attended by about 500 persons, was closed by the Rev. A. J. Wade, of Victoria, who pronounced the benediction. Good service was rendered bv Mr, H. Iuiapp, who presided at tho great ; organ. WICKHAM TERRACE CHURCH. There was a very large congregation- in the jWickhara terrace Presbyterian Church on ! Sunday momiug. Professor Harper, of Victoria, preached a fine discourse from the text, " The wages of sin is death, but the gift of God is eternal life." He began by pointing out that, if Christians realised the supreme meaning which the text had iu the mind of the apostle, their attitude towards sin would be very different. The text, had been looked upon by many persons as refer ring to physical death, but the meaning which the apostle wished to convey was that jpiritunl characterised by much eloquence and fmc illustration by exhorting his hearers to cultivate tho spiritual life and etrengtheu it by faith iu and love of .Testis Christ. N*Iu the evening there was a crowded con gregation. The licv. J. B. Meliarry preached from 1 Luke xv., his address being a study in combination and contrast of the two phrases, "And as ^oon as this thy eon," and "It was meet that we should make merry and bo glad for this thy brother." The preacher said that ihe parable of the prodigal sou had put the whole world under reverent and lasting obligations. There seemed to be as inutli stress and artistic still and vitality laid upon every little incidental casual word as upen tho whole doctrine of the parable. Tho combination and contrast of tho two phrases, " this thy son" and "this thy brother," made him begin to feel what a merciful thing it was that God and not man would judge us when tbi-s life ceased. 'The Lor^ was merciful and hid our faults in the little drapery called flesh. The world's judg ment was cruel, and men/wlio had urged~a man to ruin were the very men who pointed the fiuger of sccni at him, and cried, " He was a Christian once." The scornful con tempt of tlic elder brother towards tho returned prodigal was dwelt upon, and contrasted with tho love of * tlic father, who had quickly rebuked bis elder sen by reminding him that the penitent returned tinner was his brother. Tho so-called righteous man did not like to thiuk of all men as bring on the same plane as himself, but no matter how degraded a man might become bo still was a brother. Of no man would he (the preacher) say anything worse than " He Is my brother." Beneath the surface there were mystic subtle bunds binding each to the otber. The judgment of the world was tho contemptuous, pharisaical, scornful words, "this tliy son." The Divine judgment was the tender, " this thy brother." When wo had sinned our sin, it might he that the last point of our degrada tion was tho point of our c> mmencemcut of our exaltation in Christ. If ho should never in the providence of God look them in the face again, lot him reassert that night that not the righteous did Jesus come to call, but He came to seek and to save that which was lost. During the day excellent work was done by the large choir of the church, under Mr. C. H. Allen, organist. Tho anthem in the even ing, " Sing, oh daughter of Siou," was very acceptably rendered. ST. PAUL'S PRESBYTERIAN" CHURCH. ^ | Tho Rev. Professor Harper, B.D., of Onnond College, Melbourne, was tho special preacher at St. Paul's Church, Leichbardt street, on Sunday night. There was an unus ually large cougrcgatiou, among those in the church being his "Excellency tho Governor and4 the Premier (tho Hon. R. Philp). The musical portion of the service was particularly > attractive. Thcantheni,"lhersdiautmornhus nasscd away " was well rendered by tlie elicit-, and the hymns were appropriate ones, the congregation jomiiur heartily in the singing. Dr. Harper took his text from the second book of Samuel, chapter xiv. the latter part of the lUh verse : " Neither doth God respect any person, yet doth ho devise means that his banished bo not expelled from him." The ' preacher drew an analogy between the posi tion of Absalom, when banished by his father, David, and the man who by net laving hold of the means of grace has become ba'nished from the kingdom of God. He : pointed out. that tho words of the text, used . by the woman Tekoah. to King David, de scribed the attitude of tho Divine Being to the wanderer ,from the Christian^ fold. He said there was great difliculty in understanding or estimating how much tho ancieut people of - God really knew about tho Divinity and about the religion which is revealed in Christianity. Formerly the tendency was to think that the ancients knew more than they really did. The view now held, however, is that in their religious -beliefs they were little bettor than the heathen, simply regarding Hini us a good man. Absalom was like the man who strayed from God. Ho went into a far country, among men who were of inferior rue?, to escape the consequences cf his folly; but it is not so with those who attempt to get away from God. It is impossible to get away from the power of God. * As one of the posts of the ' Old Testament has expressed it, "Whither shall I go from Thy spirit aud whither shall 1 flee from Thy presence." Munkind was born with a perception of the Divine. Hon ocnM scarcely get rid of die voice of thesca of infinite love which brought them hither. Gradually, however, tho influence of the world- tends to weaken that perception and to cause men to gradually drift into darkness. It was so wy. to go into a far country. A man did not need to be guilty of any great crime, nor to bo burdened with vice or wickedness beyond die average. And when men wandered into the far country it was possible for tbein to get so far from the Father's voico as to be beyond recall. In that way the banished be came God's outcasts, and m:tuy respectable, estimable men and womeu have beau spending their lives in going round to all tho windows of tho soul which open to the word of the love of God. and drawing them down one by one, so that they can got something that glitters, until at the last they attain a pea-.o which God did not give and canuot take away. But if, on the other hand, men strove to work out their aspirations of love and beauty aud holiness they could thcu rest assured that tbcv would sec the King's face, That was the* message of Ghristiauity. Why was ir that so many refuse to accept ir, .aud so became outcasts from God? Mr. Herman Knapp presided at the organ throughout the service PARK PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. The morning service at the Park Presby terian Church. South Brisbane, was conducted or the Rev. J. Ferguson, of St. Stephen's. Sydney, the delegate lo the Queensland Presbyterian jubilee celebration from' the New South Wales Churoh. A largo congre gation assembled. The reverend gentleman, who is a forcible speaker, gave an impressive discourse f*bm the text Acta iv. 13, "Now, when they saw tho boldness of Peter and I John, aud*perceived that they were unlearned : and Ignorant men, they marvelled, and they4.ook knowledge of them, that thor had . been with Jesus." Pe ter and John, he pointed oat, stood before us us the example of the early community of believers. The spirit and supreme end of the life of Peter and John were the spirit and supreme idea of the life of the early church. Flere we were told their boldness caused tho people to marvel at the change wrought within them. They bore witness for Jcsns aud the truth" of Jesus.- , before men whom a few weeks before they would have fled from in fear aud trembling. These early believers were all changed men, and the change of life aud spirit had certain charac teristics. The first of these characteristics was their' deep conviction of the presence of Jesus in power. They believed iu the risen Chris*, and were overwhelmed with the gt-ase of the power of Christ glorified. Then they had discovered their vocation. After the power of the Holy Ghost came upon them they discovered their calling. They^ dis covered that they had to -go forth and follow in the footsteps of the Master. Not only did they feel called upon to teach the ethical.. doctrine of Jesus Christ, but thev were to , bring men unto Him. Here was the great. "T difference between Christ's mission and their mission. Christ's mission was to make men obedient unto Himself; their mission * was not only to, try to inako men obedient unto Hint, but to be obedient them selves. Suppose these men had been asked for a remedy for the social and other evils of the present day, their answer would have been to accept Christ, for us to bo true to TTiq faith, and show to the community that true men were living round it. Peter and John were said to bo bold. There was need of boldness of the right sort for Christ to-day. Some would say it was not easy to ho bold, but if we set to work properly wo would discover the right boldness as others had discovered it. Wo must make . Christ King over everything iu our hearts ; we needed boldness in speaking aud praying, and the boldness of living iu tho spirit of Christ. At the conclusion of his discourse, Mr. Ferguson said he hud made an interesting discovery; he learned that the Rev. Thomas Mowbray, who had founded tho Park Church, had also established his .own (St. Stephen's] iu New South Wales in 1844. WOOLOOWIN PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. _ Rev. George Davidson, M.A., delegate to—, tho Presbyterian General Assembly from I South Australian church, conducted morning *errice at the Prcsuyteriau Church, "Woolco Ti'in, on Sunday. During the service the preacher addressed a few remarks to the girls and boys present, taking • for *liis text, first chapter of the Epistle of 9 fit. Taul • to the ' Colossians, 15th • ycrao,. "Who is the image of the iuvisible God." He exhorted the young people • totcad their Bibles in order to learn more -abont their God. God's words told them of . the happiness that is to he as a reward for a • good life. The happiness had been promised \- to - them by the Christ who died upon the .trdas -to save them from the . sins of this . wprld, and the condemnation for the world to \- ,rome. For his sermon proper Mr. Davidson .took as his text the first chapter of the Gospel .according to St. John and the fourth verse: "In him was life; and the life was the light 'of men." Uc prefaced his remarks by saying if they were to ask some men what . was meant by religion, they would receive various answers. Some men would tell them 1hat.it was nothing less than a i>olitical ex 'prcssion, used in order to make people behave • themselves; others would say it was simply a ' tnockcry and a sham and fear, the result of ' superstition on "the part of man. But past • history proved that this was not so. Their religion was not a book'religion. God had • revealed himself to them first liy inspiring men to prepare thn way for the truth, and in the -fullness of time revealed himself through Jesus Christ. The fact that Jesus Christ came to this world was not a human inven tion, it was not a manufactured, talo or ah -imaginatiou of themiud. It was a truth that : had stood good after generations. 