THE SECRET OF DEAN; THE GHOSTLY BRIDE. By W.W. (Concluded from last week). At last came the longed-for day when Barbara and her mother stepped from tue Gippsland train and climbed into the strong vehicle that had been sent to meet them. Holding the reins of this vehicle was a knowing looking boy, who had no thing whatever of the objectionable city boy about him, and whose independent, I not to say, supercilious, air, attracted I Barbara at once. "Are you going to drive us?" she ask ed, anxiously. "You must be very care ful; my mother is timid, and must not be frightened." "I'll drive you to Dean, that's what my father told me to do. And the old woman needn't be frightened, unless she likes. There's no cause to be. I can drive as well as my father any day." > "That can hardly be; you are eo young." . "What d'ye call young? I'm fourteen." ! The air with which this fact was stated was irresistible to Barbara, who was ready to be quite delighted with every thing she saw. She laughed merrily, and when the boy was satisfied that she was not laughing at him he laughed too aa he started the horse, aniLtfije -jbeganta bowl merrily along track. / /Qs' "Your luggage cafng jyeeterday,." he" said; "me and my f Ahe tcte£UP4,|Akbr dray for it, an' everymtugjis right upat the house. Me and nqgf -.was.-ugfj there this morning." f: ! " f > H "You and your father are Ve- and you must tell me your names. What Is yours?" "My name Is Jack Lanstead, and my | father is Jack, too. Didn't you know ? W hv ITiV o til nt ie monaivmi Wrt.drl «. ' ' 4.U4.UU4 uj uiaitagci| nvuuug manager, at Dean, and we live not far from the house." "I'm glad to hear it, Jack. I can fore see that you and I will have many an ex cursion together. Of counse you know all the country, and will be able "to show me a hundred places that I could never find out by myself, eh." ' "I should think so. There isn't a rod of the bush I don't know, or scarcely a rabbit's burrow. As for possums and birds' nests I know where to find 'em in the dark. An' fishin'! Are you fond o' fishing?" "I'm sure I will he when you teach me, .Tack. There's a river not far way, isn't there?" "There's the Tarwin. There's not such another river in Victoria, I tell you. Did ye never see the Tarwin?" "Never, Jack. Just think I've been in town ail my 'life and. never saw any thing." "You'll see the Tarwin as soon as we turn the bend. There!" The boys "there" was hardly needed, for as he spoke the waggon swung round a corner, and there on one hand glided the lovely, clear Tarwin, with its banks of verdure and rustling rushes. Beyond lay the blue hills, and, on the other hand, sweeping over miles of country rich, in natural vegetation, and woterodioro than one bright creek, th 5 ,yea4gi6,iJa/ glimpse of the distant sea " "Mother!" cried the yofiri.giijk-iiLs.hc-r rrv.nd went out to th4 oveltiyjJO I "Mother!" But she could no more, ; for the tears welled up intOiV&i; Reaming. | eyes, and her voice was? cboK&Litft;(0fti.( , otion, ! Jack looked at her wonderingly, and 1 gave the horse a light flick with his home made whip. "If that isn't the rummest go." he muttered under his breath. "What is she cryin' for? Town girls must be made queer, to be sure." Very soon after the episode of the Tar win the boy alighted to open the gates of Dean, and presently they were in front of the house, where Jack's father, with an honest face and words of welcoTie, met and helped them to alight. Leaving iVl 1 A ' 1 lJlUiltl tu W<\- CUIU II l ilL\J 1.11V, MUUiTL) Barbara drew back a little, tq get a bet- j ter view of her new home. j It was a stone building of one storey, i with a deep verandah on three sides. Roses and vines half covered the pillars 1 and front of the place, creeping to the very windows in more than one case. The stone in the building was of a very dark shade, and the great trees behind, as well as the tall and thick shrubberies al most closing it in, gave the place a gloo my look, espec'a'ly late in the afternoon wljpn the sun did not fully rest on it. The house had been originally square, but at one end a wing had been added, that abutted on the back, and could scarcely be seen until one pas-ed the front of the building. As Barbara saw this back portion, she concluded at once that it was the part allotted to Mrs Cox. Waiting to observe no more, she hurried after her mother, who had just been con ducted to a snug parlor, where tea was spread, and the urn hissing on the table. To Mrs Ormond1!- thanks Mr Lanstead returned a pleased laugh. "It was my wife's idea," he said, "and the new. woman we have got into the kitchen, subject to your approval, of course, Mrs Ormond, has prepared t.he tea. You w'll find no want of provisions at Dean ma'am: we send butter, and eggs, and milk and cream every morning to the house. It was the Colonel's or ders. and there Is always a couple of fowl when rnuired. as well « the bacon to eat with them. Now T Will leave you, and Here is Mrs Cox to say her word of welcome." Mrs Cox entered the room by one door J as Miss Ormond did by the other. A faded looking woman of fully sixty, -with a very delicate appearance, and a white j anxious lace. No -one could mistake -her | for anything but what she was. an old upper servant, who knew her position and respected it. "I took the liberty of coming to pay my respects, madam, though it is rarely, In- : deed. I venture from- my own part of the premises, if I may call them so. You will. accept my hope that you may be able lo make yourself happy at Dean, though my posit'on is so humble a one?" "My dear Mrs Cox, our poritions a'e. as I see them, alike. We are both pensioners on Colonel Dean's bounty." j "Nay, madam, you are the Colonel's , cousin, and I am his servant. Pray ex- cuse me, I must retire. I am far from well. I feel the Colonel's loss very deep- iy." I "No doubt you were attached to him.' | "He should not have gone. He might have waited at least until I was dead," ; were the strange words of Mrs Cox. as ! she looked wistfully into the kindly" face of Mrs Ormond; "but you look a good woman — if I die, all will be safe in your hands." I "You must not encourage morbid feel- I ings my dear Mrs Cox. You certainly do not look well, and you are fretting: but now that some of your own sex are near, you must cheer up and try to forget Colonel Ormond! This is my daughter Barbara — Mrs Cox, my dear. Will you no.t stay and share our tea?" The wfiman shook her head, "it is im possible. It was vpry jvrong of the jcbjonel to go so far away. He would \T)3t\believe that I was so ill. I shall be sbfty if I have to disturb you by dying, /madam ; but I am sorely afraid it will .'pqjr be long.' What a gruesome old woman, mam- ma! She has given me the miserables! Give me a cup of tea dear, to take the : taste of poor Mrs Cox out of my mou h!" "Don't, my dear," the mother reproved gently. She, poor woman, seems very "Yes, mamma, I was wrong. I am so happy my.' elf that I have lost all sympa thy with troubles, but it won't be for long, dear." That was a happy meal, in spite of the recollection of poor Mrs Cox's sad face. . The mother and daughter talked of the j new life, and its wonders with a delight 1 unknown to those who have had less troubled lives. After tea they made a tour of the old- fashioned, but comfort able. rooms, and made a selection of those . they would comm-n'y use. The two had I always slept together, and a large room, j with two windows looking out on the j Tarwin, was chosen for their joint occu pation. Opening from this toward the back was a dressing-room that Barbara decided to appropriate to her own use, and as their luggage had been carried to the upstairs landing the girl b gan to im mediately unpack and dispose of her own j and her mother's attire in the drawers i and wardrobes. There was a roomy ward- ! robe in the dressing room, and a recess ' in one corner, over which a curtain hung. Drawing the curta'n aside the girl was surprised to see that on the pegs inside were hung ' ev -ral dresses that had appa rently belonged to some young person of about her own age. Thinking ihat they had in all probability belonged to the dead daughter of Colonel Dean, she let -"jrtfBvgurtain drop, and returned to her un- had nearly finished hc-r task, IfandVKi standing at the window watch- 'Uug ji .gcjji'geous sunset over the Tarwin, whje'asjje fancied she heard a slight no se -.'adlfiicd to see what had occasioned it. -|>ghe did so, without moving from the spot, she was standing on, she saw in the large toiiet mirror, the reflection of a i ghostly-looking form, that made the girl's heart beat with a sensation of at least awe. The figyre was that of a young lady dressed in white, and with a bridal veil floating over her shoulders. The face was uncovered, and it was ghastly, whi e the great dark eyes seemed to be regard ing Barbara with a look half of wonder and half of fear. One m.nute Barbara stood and stared. She saw that if it was an apparition she was gazing at, it was the reflection of an apparition. Another instant, and she re cognised that it was standing in the open ing between the curtains and the recess, where poor dead Ina's dresses still hung and that the form was holding back the curtains with either hand. The recess was behind Barbara, and it was the very desperation of her fear that made the girl turn suddenly to face it. There was nothing there; the curtains were closed and still. Barbara was no coward, but it was with an effort that she moved to the re cess. She could have called to her moth er, who was moving about in the next room, but would not frighten her need lessly. The girl's hands trembled as she parted the curlains — there was nothing whatever there, but the empty dresses of the dead. Empty most cerlainly, for she lifted them one and all, to see nothing but the papered wall behind them. The girl kept her secret well, though it lay heavy on her heart. It was new "for Barbara to keep anything from her mother, and though it was to save that mother from any new trouble on this first day of their arrival at Dean, Bar bara felt very uneasy about it. She fastened the door between their bedroom and the dressingroom, and was glad to have her mother's usual night light burning in the chamber. But Barbara was tired and soon slept. When she awoke it was daylight, and she got quietly up, leaving her sleeping mother to enjoy the rest necessary to 'her years. Not even the new servant was astir as she went downstairs and got out by the front door into the pure air, laden with the sweet scents of the mountain and the forest and the river. | Oh! the delight of it all to the. city- wearied girl. The sweetness of the breeee, fresh from the -dewy grass ; the. soft rustle of the verdant leaves; the sky above her flushed already with the : herald rose of sunrise; the sparkle of the clear Tarwin in the morning light. . Barbara -felt as if she must fall down on her knees among the dew- gleamed grass to thank the Giver of all good gifts . for the foretaste of Heaven he bad ap portioned her. She could hear the dis tant bleat of sheep and the nearer low i of cattle, that sbe guessed were knee- | deep in the river pasture, awaiting .the early call to the busy milk-yard. Glanc ing up towards her mother's . windov, with the filial wish that she were with, j her to enjoy it all, Barbara's eyes fell on the window of the mysterious dress- ; ingroom, and a shadow fell over all the . beauty around her. The girl ran down to the low gate of the home paddock, as if to get away from the memory, of the strange vision she had seen. At a little distance on the | way to the river there was a deep belt — ! of brushland ,and Barbara entered it ' a little way 'ere she placed herself on . the mossy trunk of a fallen tree, where great branches spread over her a can opy of green. She had not time to even begin to think, ere Jack Lanstead came running towards her, his bright face all aglow with exercise. "I saw you coming down the paddock; it's grand to be up so early, isn't it? I always go for the cows, hut I came ear lier this morning, wondering if I'd see you, and if you'd like to come 'with me to the river pasture?" "Thank you. Jack, it was kind of you to think of me. But as you are early, can you sit down here for a little? I want to aek you something." Jack plumped himself down beside the speaker without a taste of ceremony, and admired his new friend's pretty face, while waiting for her questions. Barbara's white, ringless hands, were clasped round her knees, and her grey, eyes were fixed anxiously on Jack's. "Jack, is there any story about Dean House? Any story of a ghost or appear ance of any sort? It seems a foolish question, for nobody, now-a-days, be lieves in such things, but I have a rea son for asking?" The brightness died out of the boy's face with a startling suddenness, and his eyes fell. His reply was, however, prompt, though given with evident re luctance. "Father told me particular not to say; one word about it to you." "Ah, that was if I did not already know, Jack, but suppose that I do know, it can be no harm to tell me more. There is a ghost, or the appearance of. one, seen sometimes at the Dean." "Lave you seen it?" Jack asked eager ly. "1 have! I saw it once in the broad daylight, at one of the upstairs windows, near the end. And father saw it one day when he was doing some repairs upstairs! She crossed the lobby, and went into that very rooni where I had seen her at the window." "A young lady, all in white, with a white veil hanging round her?" "Yes, they call it the Bride's ghost. Have you seen it?" "Yes, but don't say a word about it, Jack. I wouldn't have my mother frigh- ' tened for anything. Who do -they say it is the spirit of?" "The Colonel's daughter that died years ago." "Is it certain that she is dead, Jack?" "Why, they all say so!" the boy re turned in wonder at the ques tion, "and no one ever heard of ber being 1 alive since father came here five or six years ago. Of course she's dead." "Do not speak any more of it, like a good boy. Good gracious, what is that?" Jack forgot all about the Bride's ghost . in a jiffy, and laugher at Barbara's sur prise, until the tears came into bis bright eyes. The strange noise that had startled the girl came from a small colony of laughing jackasses that were perched in the tree overhead. "It's the laughing Jacks. They always sing out when the sun rises. Aren t they queer, wise-looking fellows, with their big heads and sober colors? I know where their nests are every year; but I don't tell any one. It's such fun to peep Into the nests and see the queer little chaps looking out for their grub." "Some day you must show me, but you must look after your cows now." "There they are, down by the river, and old Nan sees me. Hark at her calling me! She wants the slip panel let down." . "Is it to he milked, Jack? Is it that she is in such a hurry for?" / v r' ''She is in a hurry to get home to her calf; It's shut up." The young girl waited to see the gent.e arid sleek-looking animals passing '.'through the gate, and then she left the boy, -with the 'promise of aTutureexpedi- tion that set him looking after bis. fishing -.-' paraphernalia as soon as he had-., taken \- breakfast. Meanwhile Barbara walked to the house thoughtfully, and was .so ab sorbed that not until she was addressed did%he know that she was no longer ;> alone. "Have I the pleasure of speaking to \- Miss Ormond? Allow we to introduce my self. I am Tom Dean." ' : - "The owner of Dean. "Welcome to your own house. Sir Dean." '' '-'Oh, I beg: of you to drop the mister! I do not recognise myself under the title. I am Tom Dean to all my friends. And %j as- to being owner 'of Deafi, Tarn' only joint owner at best. I am unconscionably early ; : Miss Ormond, but I stopped at Ball's Sta- ' - tion last night, and walked over.". ' "You are quite in time for breakfast, tout pny name is Barbara, and— you are some" kind of relation are you not?" w "I hope so. May I really call you Bar bara, while I try to puzzle out as close a connection as I can? Let me see. Colonel Dean is my uncle, and he is your second cousin, is it?" "Some kind of a cousin, at all events. Mamma is not up yet, I think, but she will tell us all about it at breakfast." - "Let us take possession of this garden seat for a little, and compare notes. You only arrived "yesterday, eh?" ' "Yesterday evening yes. And, oh, isn't it ''all lovely, Cousin Tom! Have you been confined in a dusty town all your life as I have? I have been teaching a little school for years." "And I have been chained to the desk of a commercial firm, until my very heart was weary of it! I have blessed Uncle Dean ever since I heard of my good luck." "And so have I. What object had the Colonel in bringing mamma and me here, j. wonaerr it musi nave ueen uui ui puie kindness." "Let us enjoy Dean, whatever may have been our kinsman's object. I am going to work hard to improve Dean, so that he may" see his kindness has not been thrown away." "Did you at all know your cousin Ina?" "Yes; 1 knew her well when she was a growing girl, and I a little lad. She was a little older than me. I that it may have been favorite of Ina's thaydjl?i)ean Tl3 favored me so." . /%£>'"' . > Barbara looked ajf and' intelligent face of tHelalwSWung felr"? low who sat beside fapn jan<y®t inturtlycy! !>- ly that he was as gpod hs he Jopked.'-jilfe was possessed of tli eya ea » flia t 1 d make a confidart of MtotidjpuWlfie vision or reality she had esen, and so she told him all, and asked his opinion as to there being really a ghost at Dean. "That there have been supernatural ap pearances on occasion is, I suppose, an undoubted fact, but that there is one at Dean I question. You and I will try to sift the mystery, Cousin Barbara, and while we are doing so we will keep our own counsel. 1 must get an interview with old Nurse Cox, who was never one of my favorites, I remember. Is this Mrs Ormond? What a kind, sweet face she has!" If Barbara's heart was not already won, that speech about her dear mother must have softened it. Her face was full of Bhy delight as she introduced "Tom," and she actually beamed as she followed the two into the house, Mrs Ormond on Tom's arm, as if they had already been project ed Into the future, and were more closely connected than by the present relation ship. During breakfast all the conversation remained with Mrs Ormond arid young Dean,' and when the meal was over Bar- ' bara left them still planning the improve ments and the work at Dean. The girl almost unconsciously found her way to the mysterious dressing-room, where she stood for a moment looking around her, as though seeking for some trace of the "GhOStlv RHrte " Her eyes were on the curtains of the recess when they were once again parted and the same' figure stood in the opening. Barbara's hart beat, yet scarcely with fear, as she had no time to indulge the feeling. The figure in white, and with the floating veil over her dark hair, ad vanced quickly and laid a thin hand on Barbara's arm. s "Nurse Cox is asleep," she said, in a low, trembling voice, "and I can't wake her." There was such a look of childish fear and doubt, and perplexity, in the pale face, in which the large dark eyes glit tered too brightly, that Barbara's heart warmed with pity. She had taken the girl's hand in hers and was questioning her gently when Mrs Ormond, in search of her daughter, appeared in the door way. v "Are you Ina Dean? I am your cousin Barbara Ormond, and this Is my mother. Mother, dear, I am sure it is Ina in the flesh, and she is in some trouble." "What is it my love? What is the matter with you? What can we do to help you?" Mm Ormond had passed her arm around the wondering girl and drawn her to her breast It was with the strangest feelings the kind woman met the ques- tioning, appealing look that went up to her aS'she bent over the dark hair.. "It is Nurse Cox, she is aeleep land I can't wake her." ' .. "I will go to her my dear. How did you get here?" -. -.v ...... Ina pointed to the recess where, when Mrs Ormond had drawn the curtains, an open door . was now visible. - ."Barbara, my child, you. comfort Ina like a dear, and I will gO' and see Mrs Cox. Do not attempt to follow me." The lady closed the hidden door be hind her with a prevision that there was something in Mrs Cox's rodnis that had better be hidden from the young people. It was "as well that she did' "so, for she found Mrs Cox leaning back in her chair stiff and cold. She had been' dead for hours. Now it was that the lady realised the great gocd fortune -that brought Torn to Dean that very - morning. Withjtbd assistance of Mr Ganstead, the young man attended to the necessary details of the funeral. There was no inquest, for' the medical attendant of Mrs Cox ' gave': heart disease as the cause of death. Mr Darwell was sent for, and on the even ing after the old nurse had been laid to rest there was a family discussion about Colonel Dean's strange desertion of his daughter. "And yet we can hardly be so un charitable as to call it desertion," the old i lawyer said; "my client provided for her attendance and comfort as far .as he could, and he brought you, madam, to be | on the spot should Nurse Cox be taken by death. That was the 'contingency' al luded to in his letter, Mrs Ormond, and I am sure that Ina's interests will be safe in your motherly charge." "May God so deal with me as I am faithful to them. The poor girl has al ready taken a great liking to me, and is as easily amused and as harmless as a child." "Mrs Cox always declared the poor child idiotic, and I fear Colonel Dean shared her opinion." "I am sure it was a mistaken one. Her mind, never, perhaps, very strong, was over worried in the attempt to acquire what it was quite incapable of mastering, j and the intellectual powers have avenged I themselves by taking a long sleep. I have great faith in kindness, and hops some day yet to show my Cousin Dean a daughter who will be a comfort to him . in his old age — if lie will let hei. \ AH the after life of our Barbara was happy one, but she never looked back fo her first eix months at Dean without „Ihe sweetest and most grateful memo ries. The happy girl's life was one of al most perfect enjoyment, spent a good deal in the open air in company with "Cousin Tom," and the boy Jack. The three (or sometimes, of course, the two) climbed hills, fished in or boated on the river, or explored the bush. So be sure these oencsions were Tom's So be sure these occasions were Tom's man had set his heart on pleasing his uncle in the management of Dean. Mr Ganstead and he planned the crops in every arrangement of new ground, and Tom worked as hard as any man on the property. But there was always Bar bara to go home to at eve, and many leisure hours to pass in the society of the girl he had got to love with every beat of his honest heart. And during those rambles and rides abroad Mrs Ormond had the company of her new charge, pretty Ina Dean. For the girl was really growing prettier each day under the influence of the motherly care she had never known since her childhood. She exhibited the closest at tachment to her "aunt," as she called her, and learned of her the simplest things just like a little child. It was scarcely two months after Mrs Cox's death that Ina presented herself before Mrs Ormond with a shy smile. She had discarded, of her own will, the white dress and veil, and had dressed herself as nearly like Barbara as her belongings would allow. She had on a grey dress, with lace at throat and wrists, and a white rose at « , I A. "IT-... bintn 1100 nfirtlod ner uirouc. nw xum, uim, from Barbara's style, and Mrs Ormond exclaimed in delight: "My child, how pretty you look?" "I am glad to please you Aunt Or mond, but I feel strange. It is as if I had been lost and found myself again in a new world." "That is just it, my love, you have been lost, and have found yourself aga'n. My dear Ina, do you remember your mother at all?" "Yes," was the low-voiced, reply. "I have begun to remember her — she died. But I had a father, loo; Aunt Ormond, where is my papa? Is he dead, .too? He used to love me once." "He loves you still, my Ina, and, please God, you will see him before many months have passed." That very day Mrs Ormond wrote to Colonel Dean, but the contents of that letter remained a secret between herself and her kinsman. When she received a reply to it Barbara's wedding day was fixed, and Dean House was undergoing great improvement in preparation for the marriage. There was only one discontented face to be seen near Dean during those happy days of anticipation. Jack, the boy, went about with a sour- looking face, and "Cousin Tom" laughed slyly when he drew Barbara's attention to the fact. "Jack's jealous," he said. "The poor fel low has a pretty good guess that we will settle down to the greatest sobriety of habit when we are staid married folks, Bab!" "But we won't, Tom; we'll be just the same! I must tell Jack that when all the harvest work is done we shall almost live in. the Bush and on the. River,!" Tom laughed merrily. "Jack is nearly fifteen," he, said; "and in a few months he'll be quite above looking for birds nests or hunting out 'possums from ho - low logs." . . And so the dhys sped on until it was the one of the wedding day. The mar riage was to be a homely and unconven tional affair, celebrated In the House by the nearest Clergyman. Out of a kindly consideration for the possible feelings of poor Ina, Barbara had determined that her dress should be a simple white mus- lin.and there was not to be even the sus picion of a bridal veil. The two dresses .were sent up from town in one box, and, except in a little difference of trimming, were the exact counterparts each of the other.- On the wedding eve of Mrs Ormond and the two iris 'sat on the cool verandah, while -happy Tom stood' near the steps watching for "Ihe expected arrival of some wedding guests.'.- Ina, in a soft blue drds-s, sat between Mrs Ormond and Bar- . bara, with a hand clasped by each. The girl was very -pale and anxious looking, for she knew that her father was coining, and that Tom had heard the -vehicle that was bringing them to Dean. In a few months the waggonnette had . drawn up in front of the House, and Jack was sitting on the driver's seat. The Colonel alighted, and then Mr Darwell, the lawyer. Colonel Dean clasped first llie hands of Mrs Ormond, and then turn ed to the slender figure in white, whose eager gaze was fixed on her father's face. "Is this my child?" he asked, as he took the little hand, and drawing the girl to him pressed her to his breast. "Yes, papa," she whispered; "and, oh, she is so glad that you have come back!" VMy darling, we will not be parted again! Now, let me congratulate the" bride, and my sharp nephew Tom, who has managed to do so well for himself ! Barbara, my dear, Tom is a lucky fellow. I am glad that I am in time to give the bride away." As there iv no longer a secret at Dean we may let the reader imagine tne nappy marriage of the following bright day. Jack Lanstead was best man! Ina Dean is still her father's comfort and pride in the old English Hall ; while Mr and Mrs Dean, of Dean, in Gipps Land, live their happy lives in content with gratitude. Jack Lanstead is no longer a boy, but he often takes a little chap whose name is Tom Dean, to see the wonders of the Tar- win "Bush." The nests of the Happy Jacks are that little boy's especial delight, and he goes home full of tales to tell Grandma Ormond about, and make mam ma Barbara laugh as she nurses the baby. (The End.) 