Orange Cleblralt ?r \--- t-+- 3' THE KIA\tA LODOnI, lrstindan of Ne, L2 .O,L, hold Iheir annual ouelbratint in lh (Jdtlfullowe' TInIl on Therasdy nihe, thenr,. bdle? a very large nttendane rop esentativo of the 'whole distriet, Br. ., AbigellatV,W. pro. aided, and hed with hint o ? thela lrtret the Ror ..J. A. Waddell and B Stoplithns Bre. . 'Rnryln. WHt. of thoe. Protesttn Alliano. No. 45, Bero, W. trey, D.M. of No, i (Saddlolnok), lim. Frank Alman dter, Ilro, J, Phlik, It W.H No,. 526 I.I.P,, and Bro. T. Morrisol, DlM, of R , 12. During the evenlin tin Chair. Inl t reoolvyd a tilograen trefn Bro. W. Chin, into of IClaus., vwilhing the teootinl overy auooosa. 'rThe Chalrman, in opoltng the pro. aoedtnge, sald they had mot tingahor that night to oolobrate one of the ntilet glorious ovollte in history. It was neediess for him to san what it ens, Ie onnonluded a htlu( addresa by reeding an naploey from b'ro, Irandle abigail, the L??lgn DJlegdat, and lonlinr. on the Rev. Waddell to do liver an aiddres., Ruv, Woldddll 4rld.he was plaiond, as a cow reildoentf tiho dist*lIt, to oea? uch good oouling displayed among all classes and treodl of tho olrmmunoly.. It reminded iho of a pair of twina a lady friend of hit had, for the Church of England, the Proabytorians and the WeOdloteans word so nuch aliko (that it was hard to say which was Which. (I?ranhter), itl had met with the greatest kindness from his Prottetant and also his Roman Cathnllo noighlbours, i fact,' the distrlot eoemed em frmous for it. kindness as it was for its. dmirying ildustry. Pae. miog on, the rev, epoaket maid Orange. rm i hid booe estalblished lit the IIlawarra dlstriot for marny years and trad taken a broad and doop root and had flourished. Ine hal never hotrd of an Orangeman who had disgracod his rdoer in tihe dle. triot. Tie Instilutlon had memo of its oualst mno oeaupying politions in Pirlea. mitntl, in their nnloilpalltloes, olsorehes rnd philantrophlo Institutlion, for the booient of all. Protentants hald a eubsatn. IIal griovance against the Ohurch of Itome for while that Church denied liberty of consoalnco to Protestenls, he would rileo hil, Ihnd to dlofnd the rllgiorsa lihbrly of a Roman Othrolio. . The religiorn of the P'roloalant Churoh moant liberty for ovuiy ono--that of thiti Roman cOathollo Church, liberty for tbohlelroe alono. It woe to him very rogrottable that OrAngemon and Iheir annual meet Inie wore misaundratood as if hostile to IRoman Oatlhollo0 personally. 'On tile contrary, O'..on?omen esood i(mply on the dufmnaivo against thie eystum of the P. panoy while It denouncod and almed to debstry our olvil and religious froudom, The Into Right Heon. W,. E Gladatole weas ?ertainly by no means an Ormngemon, for hi political careeoor wis a conlinued favouring of Roman ACthollolem, yet when Pope Plus IX on December 8th, 1814, sont forth an lrnoyollcl rotter, and a Syllnabs of Errors condomnod, Mr. Glndstonr e tool preolsely tihe aemo ground oalnait that donounolllion of olvil and religlous ilihorty that Orngseonon take, In that ynoyolinal the Pope onlled it ' ni insanity' thatl Liborty of conseluneo and of worehli It tihe right of every man ; end that title right ought In overy woll gvorn ' State, to be procial' d anid rasorter' by law,' in the Syllabus, Pro. position 15, the Pope onld t ' No min Iv fire to efih?rako and profeos that roligion which he bolieves.to be true aulded by .the liahb of reason,'. I'ropeoltltn 24 I The Church has tie power of onmploying foroe and direct and Indlroct temporal power.'' Proposltinn 653 'The Civil Government'mny not land It aselaltanco to any who sook to qult the religlous llfe thoy Ihare underlaken, and to brook hllelr vows,' Proponlllon 77 8aey I 'It is no0eeaHry, even lit the proeont dlay, that the Oatholil rollaenon sall ba hold as the only rolllan of ttio State, to the exolu. alon of all ot?ler forms of Wor. hbip.' .Protolmants would he unfallhful In their chlildren if they did not tannd by roady to gulrd thelr rights, So aoon as tilo Pope of Rome gave hile open and nnnestaserunoce that Ito belloved in frooe rollgiloue Ibortloe, than ha (tire speaker) would go only to enoothor Oralge meeoot ig, and tlhat one would be to dies band tire Lodrgo-It would no longor be required, lEven In Ithe loor war tIny onuld uoo how thIIRn wore going, and It waslhoped In m"any lqurters that ithe war would lead to tite vupromray of the onmnan Olrwloih., The war, however, ihd lIroved of 'dvintiag to tin e Proteetmnt na'Inn, Ilo liked to live at proao with all, and mn long as hie lived lie Iw lld try and bring about friendly Intercourso with liomnn Oitlhlie, Still, lie Inteindedl t iha loyal to Ilia Oralnge obllgalne, lieo rnpod It would he lil privilego to join Ihoe odqu lit Kliran, (Ihonr, boar), IiI cotllluelon, he trl nted tiro nnarlnl oele. bratlnnn wuild grow moor santlrfatory and more Iroseporous each yor, anld nt oiall the young Protlotant men proaunt iwould join tih Oranirg Ineltiulliol and ove tihe younr ndlos caruld join, and he and Iho Roe, Mr. ilopllone would be lhappyy toonnaumnlato their uninl IiI enupleo witlh orange blnoome. and woddinlg rings. (Ipplonuo.) Itov. B Stephoes nooL ntldroueasd the gotheri?ng. ]eit yoer, hoe dld, he oc praend tht hlolia that ex.Prieet Slnttery, then in thl?o olony.,would violt the towl For enyinl. thntlho had boon tiroaod tel Ihe follwlng ,Itloe ftrin Ilho " Outlhllo Proe," .hond.ed. The I(munl. Olhout Anjo°l t' " At thcOirniiamon'e Inottlit hld ii Klane on Wodnesday of ltnt waok he they . 11. diephone, of mborhero. cn Althlenud mnlitl r of the ?ollell, oxprouseod 1hn hiopo that th Slhttovtryn woild velit IKllnm A iplil wih, ind?eed I Tio IlCinmo lhoie lt hls 1)001 atlllluring for eo to II m ,lo nd llllae riivirolein itu llleln ll Ithinlle heo preeillt a0 cotld ul rlollnty to revive the oplrit of Ilgoitry aId ooen nil Ill hoI floolll' llnu an teolwlon Oltzhllodo nall l'rolentanl , t Ill fenriiitein ll It blut Illle to he nvliod if tih ine h no Ihaur btainon lo toench them tiut the ihatred of their niilghbiurr or If hl? ican irvlido no other tlurlntrtiinini t for theim thn Itlnlon log lto a pair of Impoltore teltlhig here. food(I lie and rlltingl ohioonin oolllnlon clout tlio Ontlhlio (hordh, Hholnl the Blalttlry goo to ItKlail the rolpootbldo Protlllla te will niillouihtedly Ignlore thitlr irnntilaI ndll we ftoul aro tIhny will tIwin tiihe li. Stolihoul neit the rlnf.rol of the town to revel in Ihoe flilhy yarno of Ile pirlillnst ' An n the iholln nun," (Llughiter),. 'I'nt won how he had hui IpreveiniteId, Ill hIld Ilolli onllod har.l anmni, Mnil lthon prienllt ihad lioun onllid (hn ll riflrllr n ll i liiwii 'Anlllllli i ha oxprile aol tIhe lihopn that on IPrluet llattery woulld vlult [Clinl?, i did nolit know wiiut he Wuie, itlher than tIhat tie wiee Iii. loulnoptl ln the neltore o l otIa ll An an ox-Priui of th Rti t lan QOthullo Ohurcb; and Iha pdrnooadlly hI elld be would' visit [iamnr a that hawould have lind the opportunity of asking hItIt notie Itelllotins rdhttli o to i hesauilb?lo of lia Iloonl tre, it was not, thoulgh, ?ilthb . viaey of stirringl uIp trifto, (I er, h?ar,) Hi wae glad to he liroaedt once A?rtin wi th Ilion to iden. lily himself with tlio ~sapo it (Itraogoleai, but riot ti stir up ,arife, Daring Ilia tinrb llo;hbd mot Rmoldn Outhollas nid had lldd' gtlh tham ; during his oltht yuors' ra?di?iOcoe Il the distriot Ioe had never had a hard word with any of them,. aedil he believed he was on tho very beat termna of frlondahip with nil of themi flo was . mtn of ptaoo, but not a pence at any price .. Ha believed In identifying himself with the esao :of truth. .aothought trh Orange institu, tion had failed int the mission that God had pillt In Its power by not dissonmlnating more literature on its objects, Thousands of Roml., Oatlol?os did not know the real tenahings of thie Ohuroh' of Romo, and thousands of Oratginomn did not know the roal toneching of the Orange Institutlon, Heo was eirry to day there was an element of Romanism in all sedtione df: the Chraintal Ohurchos of the day. In flot; thown n asiamod of some of the adhorotit' of the Ohuroh ofre ntglnd, snid felt ný if some of them had never been Protostant ,. The Ohurch of Romeo kept her nyosiopon, and aho knoew of tili apathy dihplayod on the p?rt of Protos. tants, whose allapse woald be her oppnr. ttnlity. Ho appealud to all to be true Rnd to remember that It ctantonding for the deano of liberty till truth they were contending for somethlno that .God had olosely Identiuiod limself with. God had never brought men into a state of bondage. Truth, nd liberty wore of imn and of snored import. He eoncluded by lhopintg that no one would think he had boon attempting to resusoltate the Klama Ghost, (Laughter and applauan.) Bro, Frank Aleoaxder, In moving a voto of thanks to the ror. speakers, said he was one who had booeen nasoolated with Orange Institutions for a period of thirty nine youar, and lIt was proud of its prinslplos, H was pleased to oo snuoh a largo and ropresonlttit'o Ratlhring pro. sent to do honor to the memory of so groat and good a oauso. Heo urgod all Proltoatnnte to stand true to the Rood old principlos of the Inntitution, If the liberty they had gained thrtough the Reoformation was worth winning surely It was worth proesernlllg, and should the day come when EIngland would forgot that, than is would he a token that the hour had arrived wheon her name would be orased as a Free Stato. In oanclution he proposnd a vote of thanks t tthe rev, sepenkors for their able addressaes (Applnuso). Bro. W. Grey soinded the proposition which wos tarried by naoltmtitlon and rto spended to by the Roy, Waddoll, At the Insetnoo of Ilr), Pike and Rer. Waddoll, a vote of thanks was eooordud to the Olairmnn for preolding, nfter whloh the company adjourned for a substantial supper, pro?ared by Mr. R., H. Hammill. 