Schcol Concert and Presentation. All parts of the Kalgoorlie Miners' In stitute hall; were thronged on .Tuesday evenino on the occasion of an enter tainment given there by children of the Kalgoorlie State school in aid of the school library fund. The size of the audience was no doubt one result of the high quality of conceits previously given by the State school children. Thy, young people again acquitted them. selves admirably, and it was again made manifest that their teachers are read' to go to great trouble to qualify their juvenile charges as acceptable public entertainers. Somewhat of a departure was made from the ordinary run of school concerts in that the first half of the programme consisted of a nigge: minstrel entertainment, presen:cd on the orthodox lines by a numerous com pany of lads styled for the occasion "The Kalgoorlie Magpie Minstrels." Master G. H. Elverson occupied the place of interlocutor in the minstrel half circle, Masters L. Jeffrey and W. Gray figured as "bones." and Masters J. Don and '. Smith performed as "tambos." A deal of extravagant laughter-provoking busi ness was indulged in by the "end men." whoawere fantastically arrayed,while the rest of the company were uniformly garbed in white and black. The min strels bill, duly carried through read : Opening chorus, "Camptown Races" (local version), company; ballad, "You will miss me." Master H. Blashki; comic song, "What ho! she bumps," Master J. Smith; ballad,"Tarry,Tarry," Master L. Jeffrey; comic song, "Crazy Whistling Coon," Master W. Gray; quartet, "Lily of Laguna." Masters T. Pearce, A. Murray, A. Davidson, and F. Withell; comic song. "The Verdict Was," Master J. Don; ballad, "You're born, but not buried." Master H. Blashki; comic song, "Razors in de air." Master L. Jeffrey; ballad. "The Hazel Dell," and finale farce, "The Ghost." Mention must not be omitted of a very clever violin solo played as an overture by a little lady whose name was not gi ven on the programme. Part two of the bill was provided by some half hundred girll-all dressed in remarkably pretty costumes, who gave the operetta "Snow \v hite." Their performance was first class, though a couple of the principals were suffering from colds. The cast of characters was - Princess Snow White, Miss H. Klintberg; Queen, Miss I. Rourke; Prince, Master L. Jeffrey; Carl. a huntm'nan, Master J. Don; Ar butos,.Miss 0. James; Daffodil, Miss C. Jeffery; Violet, Miss J. Gilchrist; be sides a host of dwarfs, forest children, etc. '±he operatta was presented very effectively, thanks very largely to the lady who acted as musical directress. At the half-time interval the Rev. A. Crow came on the stage to discharge the task of handing over to Mr. R. H. Braddock, head master of the Kalgoor lie school for a considerable time past and who is leaving at the end of this week for Guildford, a handsome and substantial roll top desk, subscribed for by scholars, parents, and some friends. Accompanying this gift was a neatly bound little volume containing the names of the subscribers. In making the presentation Mr Crow spoke of the general regret felt here at the im--endl ing departure of Mr Braddock, and of the hearty wish that the recipient would enjoy constant happiness and prosper ity. Of Mr Braddock's work as a teacher, Mr Crow spoke in eulogistic terms, and his concluding call for three cheers for Mr. Braddock was enthusias tically resqFonded. Mr Braddock made acknowledgment in a modest spcech, in which he disclaimed having done aught to merit the utterly unexpected handsome present given to him that evening. He spoke of the zealous and whole-hearted work done by the staff of teachers under him at the Kalgoorlie school, and voiced the hope that his successor, Mr Cook, would enjoy some thing of the same kindness as had been shown to himself. 