A Labyrinth of Litigation. KANOWNA LOT 27 AND ITS OWNERS. A complicated story of trouble and litigation is woven around Kanowna Let xxx From the day when it emerged from the insignificance of being an un- defined poruon of the waste lands of the Crown to the dignity of a town lot, until the present moment, it has brought worry and disaster to all who have been in the remotest May connected with it. Mr A. G. Lee was the first to have any transact on with this talisman of woe, purchasing it from the Crown in 1897. On November 8 of that year he en- tered into an agreement with William H. Alan to grant a lease to Mr Allan for a term of years. One of the condi- tions of the agreement was that Allan should erect on the allotment certain ships and buildings of the material usually employed upon goldfields edi- fices-wood and iron. There was a further provision that when the term of the lease expired Mr Lee was to be en- titled to purchase the shops and build- ings at a valuation. Failing that, Mr Allan was to be at liberty to remove them. Such agreements are common on the fields, and they generally tend to the benefit of both parties. Early in January, 1898, Mr Lee mortragted the freehold of the allotment to Mr De- Rose, and a month later Mr Allan gave a bill of sale over the buildings he had erected to Messrs Long and Sexbxck. Later on he mortgaged the lease to Hannans Saw Milling Company. Thus at this period there were five distinct interests in the place of land, an mat- ters s on became complicated, by rea- son of the fact that Mr Allan failed to pay the rent which was due to Mr Lee under his lease,with the result that Mr Lee distrained upon the shops, which had all been let to good tenants. They were ird.gn nt at having ba. ffs puc into their business premises for rent, when they had paid their landlord. To get over the difficulty, they determined that in future they would pay their rent direct to Mr Lee, but this was a dis- astrous decision, because the payment to Mr Lee was no quittance of the obli- gation to Mr Allan. Their contract was with Mr Allan, and a receipt from Mr Lee was no discharge of their lia- bility to Mr Allan. A few experiences of this kind so enraged the tenants that they cut the Gordian knot by vacating the shops, which remained unoccupied because they were haunted by a ghost as grim and terrible as novelist ever conjured up-the shadow of a legal ab- surdity which permitted a man to pay his debts without extinguishing his ability. At this critical stage, Han- nans Saw Milling Company sold the lease, and it was purchased by Mr Wil- liam Huntingdon, who also bought the buildings from Long and Seebeck, sell- ing under their bill of sale. In the meantime, the mortgagee of the free- hold, Mr De Rose, sold the property to Miss Harriet Roberts. The five out- standing interests in the land had thus been reduced to two, but the evil fortune which had beset the firs. owners pursued their successors. The new owner of the freehold demanded rent from Mr. Huntingdon, the new tenant of the buildings, but he refused to pay. The new owners then believed that they could not sue Huntingdon because, le- gally, there was no privity between them. Allan, in the agreement, had not contracted for his assigns, and Hun- tingdon was the assign of Allan. There- fore, Miss Roberts commenced an ac- tion for ejectment against Allan, to recover possession of the buildings. At this stage Mr. Huntingdon called upon Miss Roberts to exercise her right under the agreement for a lease which Mr. Lee had originally made with Mr. Allan, and buy the buildings at a valua- tion, othewise he would remove them. The answer to that demand was an ac- tion by Miss Roberts against Mr. Hun- tingdon, seeking an injunction to pre- sent-him from removing the buildings, s he had threatened. As if there had not been enough trouble and loss over the ill-fated allotment, the crowning stroke of misfortune came in the burn- ing down of the buildings soon after the action was commenced. It looked at first as if that settled the matter fi- nally, but it turned out that the build- ings were insured for £7oo, and so the wheels of law were greased afresh, and the litigation proceeds. The evidence in that case was taken on the hearing of, the case on Friday last. The testimony was very brief, lord and tenant did not exist between most of the facts being admitted. The legal argument, upon which the whole case depends, was adjourned until Sa- turday last. Mr. R. C. Money (instruc- ted by Mr. C. L. Stawell) appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. W. James and Mr. P. Cantor (instructed by Messrs G. Leake and Co.) appeared for the defen- dant. Mr. Money ccntended that his client had a certificate of title for the land, and that it was indefeasible. Land com- prised all buildings and fixtures. The defendant, it was argued, could not claim the buildings under the clause in the agreement, because he had virtual- ly abandoned that agreement when he repudiated his liability for rent. Mr. James, in reply, said that at the time the plaintiffs bought the land they not only had notice of the defendant's interest, but actually bought subject to it. An attempt on their part to defeat an interest to which their purchase was made subject, amounted to a legal fraud, and was a good ground of claim, even against a certificate of title. The land and buildings were, in fact, not fixtures, because the original owner of the freehold. Lee, in whose position the plaintiffs stood, had agreed with Allan, in whose shoes defendant stood, that the buildings were not to be deemed fix- tures. The defendant, by repudiating his liability to pay rent, did not aban- don the agreement under which he claimed, but stood upon his strict legal rights. As assignee he was not respon- sible to the superior landlord for rent, as rent, because the relations of land- them but he was liable for use and oc cupation. Mr. James had not concluded his ar- gument when the Court rose.—"West Australian." 