.. _ ? *v ^^ _ .-fit.. ? , .-r.-_ -By^; NORMAN SltVER^/^ ;-. , : f/ CHATPTE&XJCXIX.;— f Continued. Y ' ' : IO3ie vivid ofange «f - -a 'Pall Mall' bill ?fettered fropi a Be^^yeiidoVs hand at the pavement edge*. .If .cauglif Bernard Tangye's glance! .-A mist ; seemed . to fall upon- his sight, ; ? ' - ? V He cleared his eyes, and looked again. The principal line was the startling one: DEATH ? ? ? ? uf ????-? . . ; . , mb: robert tangye. The millionaire's son snatched at a copy of the paper, flung the lad a shilling, dashed into a hansom, and gave . the address of his father's office. The 'P.M.G.' told hiin- little. There was a cautious hint at attempted suicide. An other passenger, attempting to save the Plat inum King, had lost his life also. ( .Bernard Tangye plunged Into the presence of Matthew Bartle. 'You've heard?' he cried. 'I am sorry to say I 'ave,' replied Mr. Bar tie, rising respectfully. He knew the na ture of the millionaire's will. 'It was an awful ^liock to me, Mr. Tangye, as I have' —he ^6t the aspirate this time, though with an -effort — '-'no doubt it was to ypu, sir.' . 'Exactly,' said Bernard, sitting down and ?wiping his forehead. 'Do you — do you hap pen to know, Bartle, how things are left?' 'I belif ,--.', ? sir^V: answered. Matthew Bar-, tie, wai- :s ' himlnancosrly, ' 'tnat most of: what.tbi. is .goes to. you. That isr-by the last will, sir; it was only. signed before your father left for this— this unfortunate voy age.' Bernard Tangye drew a long breath of re lief. ? 'So I understood from the pater himself,' ire confessed. 'But, then, one never really knows.'' . . .'Quite so,' said Bartle, deferentially. 'I suppose,' observed- Bernard Tangye, 'that nothing -an be done till the will is proved, and the- estate balanced up?'. : ' 'Nothing of aiiy consequence,' assented Bartle. 'Of course, as regards -what one might call petty cash ? ' I The young man paused, nervously. -'Bartler' he. said, at last, with a burst of c&nfidence;, 'I'm awfully in -want of three thousand pounds. Could you— — ' 'I'm sorry, sir,' was the humble reply. 'Not out»-of the estate^ sir. .' But, 'if I might be so bold, I, ha_ve a few thousands. I was able to follow the late Mr. Tangve's opera tions in a small ^way: sir. Would you permit Bernard was delighted. 'You're a jolly good -fellow, - Bartle,' he said, 'and I'll see you don't regret it. You'll let me have the ?money- to-day, won't you? I was fool enough . to gamble with a beggar named Morton. He has the deuce's own luck. . ? 'Morton!' said Bartle. 'Not the Morton— not Edward Morton, the millionaire?' 'His name is Edward Morton,' answered Bernard; -'and he seems to be pretty rich.' 'Then,' returned Bartle, 'you needn't wor ry about him, sir. Someone went overboard after your father. ? Tried to save him, the 'Globe' says. His name was Edward Mor ton, a very rich and eccentric passenger; a little ma,n with white hair.' t 'By Jove!' said Bernard, 'it -is the same. But unluckily he has assigned the debt in a sort of way, so 'I must pay up. Lend me three thousand, and. Til pay you back four for it when I come into the oof.' 'An IOD will* be sufficient, sir,' suggested the wily Bartle. 'I'll run across to my bank f o*r the notes while you write it.' . / ; HeVsi- as putting, Gjrik.his.hat as-be spoke. '? 'That'll do,' said the young fello^; 'you get me three, and I'll make it out for 'four.' ?- ''You are very good, sir,' protested Bartle, and hurried off. - - * While :he was gone Robert . Tangye's son read the account of his father's and Morton's doath in the '.'Globe.' .. He was not more cal knis than most young men, but he did not feel arty great sorrow, only a. .vague . exaltation at the thought of the millions that were so soon io be his. : -Bartle came back puffing and -panting, and began to count the notes. Bernard was touch ing up his signature on the 10U. Both were so occupied' tha-t' they did not hear the opening cf the - door, nor the sound of a footstep behind the tall screen of glass and mahogany. Bernard took the offered notes and started to count. them himself. ' Suddenly a voice, quiet and familiar, put a question. . ' ... 'May i ask,' it inquired,, 'die nature of this interesting little transaction?' Both men looked' up in horror. Before them, alive and in the flesh, stood Robert Tan gye! ?????' ?'3 ' ? CHAPTER XL-WHAT BERNARD TAN GYE DID. Mute with astonishment and incredulity, ?»Iatthew Bartle and Bernard Tangye gazed at the figure of. the man whom they had supposed dead. The .notes in the hand of the million aire's son rustled like the' leaves of a shaken benign, so acute was'the' trembling of Ms-wrist and arm. - ? '-. 'Slowly Bartle ratsed arccugle of yellow fiif ger-tips and passed-. them across his eyelids. Robert Tangye, not being -a ghost, refused' to - vanish at' this ' highly scientific charm. His secretary doubted no longer, and returned to his oiu allegiance with admirable promptness. In token of. this he repossessed himself of the banknotes which he had only just delivered to the. unfortunate Bernard. Then, and not till then, did he open his lips to speak. 'There 'as hevidently been a shocking her ror on the part of the press, sir,' he began, misplacing his aspirates .rather more seriously than usual. 'You are supposed, I may. say, sir, to be dead.' . . ^.-So^i fiee^'^^rte^fiobert'Tangye.- ' 'Both, byflie papers. and by-r^this.' He pointed -to, the notes in Mr. Bartle's. hands. :*T thought; you had been a better lawyer. Bartle.' 'Pardon me, sir,' said his secretary, smooth ly, 'this money is my own. I have just been across to the National Provincial for it. As' you- know, sir, I have made it a point to fol low your lead in my small way, sir. I 'ave ft feiiv thousands to my credit, and Mr. Bernard here -being in trouble, sir, and being your heir, I thought it would have been your wish that I should prevent there being any scandal.' Robert Tangye turned to his son. who had taken, a-seat on the edg6 of _the table, and was swinging 6ne leg indifferently. ? 'Is this so,' demanded the millionaire. Bernard .Tangye sneered. v 'Good old Bartle,'-' -was all he would say.'' His- father faced about so quickly that Mr. Bartle had .-not time to finish -pocketing the notes which had produced this threatened storm. . .?? '.'. ??_ ; _?. ::....' . -..' .' .'?[?' 'What is the amount of your1 proposed loan?' queried the millionaire. ' ' 'Three ^thousand,' answered Bartie, a trifle \ reluctantly. ; , .. ???? . . - ?: ?? '?? -??'' .. '?&?* -yon-happenito know tor what purpose It is required?' pursued .Robert Tangye, now conspieutfusly -ignoring his -sob's presence.1. ?'????'??'. 'X believe, €ir,' jconfeissea' Matthew Bari^- ?wiili^ -show-of- regret; 'thai Mr. Bernard3 $&&? been rtfo-lish enough to lo^e i ll^njL'piiey atisida* or at some o.ther form of gftmbliBWsir, and his creditor, a MvjW&tton;^-^'' ?''?'? '??'[. . -'-?'- '\ R^ert'TMgye^tgyrii^ied.. -. , - -?-. '4, pSiat jpiU.do^iiie-sQid; .'tafces-me a noteK «; The millionaire deposited %^*&t; on tfie'top of his handsome desk a&d; -sat -down hi the comfortable-. -chair ?vhieli stood before It - _.oB- Mr. Wigmore'' .he -''commanded, and went wn to dictate. ,.':.- .*- 'Pllase deliver to beater Upon receipt of this ?flie^or jgmal -o| ;my -will, -made some flays ttgo, ani'alfeo aipaBge an appohatiBuSit wi& Iiii to . attend? li^rfes ait ^our earliest convenience for; the preparation, of. another. ... . ? ' . . .: .. 'Faithfully yours.' , ? »]pte ^Mocked his desk^reached a: ghal^ow. bas- . Mkt from his secrefary.'sl- table, arid began to: ^9 lihrough vJiis accumulated , jnails,; fthready ~oprenJ2dl,and ^sorted by Bartie. Bartle 'himself was typmg out with rapid fingers the note dictated by.' the millionaire. In a moment or two it Tras ready for signature. 1 'Carry it yourself,' ordered Robert Tangye, calmly, as he added his name to the lines of violet lettering. - ... : 'Yes, sir,' said the secretary, and having ad dressed an envelope and enclosed the fatal ? missive therein, went out upon his errand. At the threshold o-f the r luxurious private room he paused and -glanced at Bernard Tan gye, still seated on the table, swaying a dang ling limb. 1 . . ? *. . . ..... 'That is all,' remarked the millionaire, sharply, looking up from his correspondence, and Bartle lingered no longer. The door had hardly closed behind him when Bernard Tangye rose and approached his father^ ? ? ' 'You mean to disinherit me?' he asked, bluntly. 'Exactly,' said the elder man; 'but without the usual shilling. You cannot say I did not give you fair warning.' 'What do you expect me to do?' demanded his eon— 'beg?' 'I neither know nor care,' said Robert Tan gye, with a flash of anger. ; 'I am your own flesh and blood,' answered Bernard; with a curious deliberation; 'you have no right to make a pauper of me just be cause I have been a bit of a fc-ol. At least give me enough to go out to Australia or ' to British Columbia, and start a ranch or a sheep farm. If I can't keep straight out there. I shall go under where no one kncws me, and that's something.' There was a quick double-step behind the ma hogany screen, and a sonorous call of 'Post' Thenthe door shut once more. Robert Tangye rose; brought the letters from the polished barrier, and resumed his seat. 'If you had lost double the money to 'anyone in the world but— but this— tiiis Morton,' ' he pronounced the name with an effort — 'I might have listened to you. As it is, I am determin ed. I gave you one chance; you need expect no more.' He took up a beautiful paper-knife— a costly antique — and began to slit the envelopes of the newly-arrived mail. 'They say.' proceeded his son. speaking with an intense self-possession which told of great nervous strain, 'that this Morton died in try Ing to save your life.' . 'A lie,' said Robert Tangye, darkly; 'he lives to curse-it! No- more words; I have done with you for ever. Go and sponge on your brother Mark.' . And having slit the last envelope, he with drew the letter, and commenced to read it. 'S::onge on dear old Mark,' returned Ber nard; 'I'll be hanged if I do! You cut him off because he was fond of a nice girl, and had the pluck to stick to her. I expect they're married now, and have little enough for them selvea No; before I sponge on him, I'll— I'll ? ' He stooped over his father, one hand on the desk and one on the padded arm of the swivel chair. 'I'll put an eud to myself,' he said. The millionaire smiled. 'You are too big a coward,' he scoffed. Bernard Tangye trembled with the extremi ty of his 'rage; his fingers clenched themselves mechanically. Those of his right hand closed accidentally upon. the antique knife^ — a pointed steel dagger, with a jade handle. 'Come,' snapped the millionaire; 'enough of this. Make yourself scarce, master profligate, and never let me set eyes on you again. I suppose you don't want me to send for the police?' All the passion in Bernard Tangye's soul blazea into uncontrollable wrath. j 'Curse you— yes!' he hissed; 'send for the police, and the— common- hangman!' The last three words were punctuated by a blow from the dagger. Once,, twice, thrice, it struck harmlessly the breast of the Platinum ; King, who seemed invulnerable. Bernard. Tangye dropped the dagger, horri fied alike at his own act and at it9 failure. Then, turning on his heel, he fled from the room. Robert Tangye. white and quivering, but toned his frock coat over liis ve9t. There were three small cuts in the latter garment, as in those below it. The dagger had penetrated to the mail-shirt which covered the million aire's bosom. (To be continued.} 