"SAID THE BABBER !" Winter's Woes. Bathurst Badinage. " Australian Star" Spaoial. — jjooq Doraig, dlr," moaned the . naroer,- -"Did you heber see such hriwful weather? Hit's henough to give heven hexploror Bor- terdrlnk a chill, or damp the fiery spirit hot. . Flelil-Barshal Nelld." And then he burled iua iuvc in u ll/wei) tlliupiiuuiv Lite sMuy »?>» a volley of explosions that would have made the! boom of an 80-ton gun sound like a lover's sigh. When he came' to 'light again he ex plained, somewhat needlessly, that he " 'ad a dreadbul cold," upon hearing which the Whai'fer 1 unfeelingly cxcialmed: "Thank heaven for that! You can't gabble so much now— and you won't be nble to sing at all, which, of course,' you never could," . "Go slow, my friend," said I; "you may bo making a hot run on . the handkerchief-bar gain 'counter yourself before long, for this 'vulgar. winter epidemic Is no respecter of per sons. It reddens the nose of a qrieen, . and makes water-spouts of the eyes of the -woman who wrestles with the wash-tub. People tails .illppantly of the weather— ("HI never did," protested, the poor Barber)— but, ' lri reality, it Is a most serious subject, and the Influence It haB brought to bear upon the .world ' has probably been greater than that exercised by love or war — or even whisky." , ''WlilSky — hot whisky— Is the only cure for a cold," observed the Wharfor, "but you must take It early, and take It often, . What beats me, however, is to know how such a very little man as Jimmy, is could catch such a thun- derln' big cold. You hain't been celebratin' agen, 'ave you?" . '.'No," explained the Barber, "hit was a eaiamltous> haccldent — sbmethln' like your own birth, l Part hof my domestic dooty.'ris halwuys been to put' out the milk-Jug hover night,, but somewhere habout 3 ha hem, last Cliewsday mornln' HI suddenly woke hand remembered that HI 'ad . forgotten ray con tract, su not wlshin' to disturb th' Missis, HI slipped downstairs, got tli' jug, hand put hit just houtslde the back door. Hit was rainln' has 'envy has hit did doorln' th' Deluge, hand blowin' a gale too; hand a sudden gust slammed th' door, so that hit; caught th' rear portion hof my night gar ment, hand pinned rile fast hln such a hawkward fashion- that HI could do , nothin' but ,'ang hon hand 'owl for 'elp. HI must 'ave been ten minutes hat that when my neighbour liopened 'Is bedroom winder, hand, hafter shoutln', 'D n that cat!' caught me fair hon the 'end with a hempty schnapps bottle. Luckily, 'owhever, th' ;boy Chawies 'ad a hawful tooth-hache hat th' time, hand, .hafter a 'our's martyrdom that seemed a year's, 'e released me, hand HI got to bed ltagaln; but so full hot pains hand haches that HI didn't know hon which spot to start tli' Missis rubbln.' " . . "That was a treat," remarked a man In a sc-edy overcoat; 1'and the worst of .the thing Is that we seeni to be In for a lot more watery woe, as the wild ducks In some parts are now building -their nests in stumps and on high land; a foot that proves we've going to have a fearfully wet whiter." "The Instinct of wild birds Is so wonderful and . so .correct that I often think we ought to -have .their doings wa-tched.by paid experts, and reported regularly to the Observatory Department," said the Briefless Barrister. "We might then obtain a fair reliable weather forecast, and peace of mind would come to washerwoman and the organisers of Ministe rial; picnics." "There's something In tha-V' said I. "Geese were found useful to the War Department of Ancient Rome, and, possibly, geese might lighten the labours of Messrs. Russell and Wragge. The strangest thing connected with this subject, however, is the well-proved fact \- that some birds can foresee the coming of a grain famine, as well as of a deluge, and in 'such cases they not upon a Malthuslan prin ciple of their own, and refrain from bringing yohng birds into existence until a better sea son -Is expected." "By gosh, then, ithey're got a thunderln' sight more sense than 'ooman beln's has," ex- olalmed the Wharfer, "for th' rule with thein is, the smaller the Income the bigger yer family." "All!" said I, "that Is one of the many grent social wrongs that will be righted when women sit In the Senate,' arid men remain at .home to wash up and look after a limited supply of babies." "It's all very fine and easy to sneer at -wo man's Ignorance of politics," rhlpped in a now - eomer; "but bow - is this for a sample of man's marvellous know ledge?— At the recent Bathurst contest one enlightened elector, on coming to record his vote, held up his card before a crowd of idlers, and asked what was 'that ycr name on top?' 'That's A. G. Thomjison,' re plied one of the crowd. -Ah,' snld the 'free and Independent' party, 'then I'm goln' to rub 'lm out, enyway.' 'Well, who are you going to vote for?' asked a bystander. 'Oh, you want to know -too bloomln' much; but you can't pump me,' said the smarty." "Talking of Bathurst," said I, "it is sig nificant of much to find that Mr. William Webb, one of the magnates of the City of the Plains, and thd Grand Panjandrum of 'Fr2-2-tra.de, convened a meeting of .'Free traders favourable to Mr. Thompson,' but It fell through most ignomlniously, :as only seven persons turned up. It's no use shouting, 'Sink the fiscal Issue,' for, like Bamquo's ghost, 'it will not down.' " "I'm from Bathurst," said h. stranger, who was straddled across a chair as though it were a horse, "I was bred and born in the I old- town, and I've seen some changes there, but none more startling than I saw last pollln'-day, for that was the first time the Bathurst electors ever returned a working man. I'd have thought a Chinaman, had a better chance." . "The Chinamen don't worry much over any thing but cold cash business here," said I, "and our pathetically silent (except for sneez ing) friend, the Barber, had proof of that the other day, when he went out to his vegetable John, and thought to humiliate the heathen by artfully asking how It came to pass that so many pig-tailed patriots had been killed in the big battle reported the day before. 'Oh, mono know, 'was the pagan's cool and careless reply. 'F'laps plentee lain come down, afiee same here, an' then Chinaman no can lun away fast enough. Him sllppe down langa mud, then Lussla- man come up am' chopee head off quick. Me no care. Where you Mlesle? Wo'wantee sell 'em cabbage, callot, flult— no goo' talkee 'bout 'em tarn war! His troubles about tho,deur old Flowery-land so long as he sold his cabbage," '"Listen. ,to this," began the Barber gravely, and then, although he had probably Intended something very dif ferent, , ho went off Into such a crashing cyclone of sneezing and spasmodic Bhouts of Hoo-rlsh-oo! koo-tlshrool Ah-h- ..Clioox! that I cleared out with a hasty pro mise to caU'rou-nd again when the earthquake was over. - 