CHAPTER XIII. Before dawn, Sir Hastings was by bis I wife's bedside, bat no reconciliation oould I take place just then, for Gkraldina was too : U1 to heed even her beloved husband. The Bays had oome with him, and from Stephen Moaeley they heard an aooonnt of what bad ooouired' It appeared the head-waiter at the hotel observed that, although there was a dense log ooming op, Lady Warminster had not returned, and ho oommnnioated the fact to the proprietor. Mr Moseley obanoed to hear this, and he joined the party who went to seek her. In his heart he knew foil well that Sir Hastings and Lady Warminster were in sad disunion, and that his wife, Viola, was in some way to blame for it. He said nothing of this then, bat Hastings guessed by his manner that he had been glad to do all he eonld as atonement for his wife's wrong.dotng. They had found Qeraldine lower down on the cliff than they had expected, insensible, and with a slight oat on her temple. She must have attempted to reach the top, and in this darkness have hit herself against a jajfgei and projecting piece of stone, and this had caused her to fall. Bat, with pro vidential meroy, her fall was broken, and instead of being precipitated into the sea, she fell into ft hollow cave below her. Either then, or subsequently, she had fainted, and in that condition they found her. They took her baok to the hotel, but feverish symptoms set in at once, and before that night was over her life was in danger. Mrs Bay told her, word for word, as Sir Hastangs had told it to her, the whole hittory of the Squire's mistake and all that it had entailed upon the young man. Qeraldine was so silent that Sirs Bay oould not tell how she had taken the revelation. 1 Poor Bastings!' she said pre sently, in a low voioe, ' what a terrible position for him- It was good and generous of him not to tell me. Perhaps from him, and just at that moment, it would not have helped us to be happier. Dear papa ! what a painful mistake 1' Then Qeraldine, as the whole episode came vividly before her imagination, turned her head away, and over the emaciated oountenanoe from neok to brow a faint dull red arose and spread. Sho had betrayed her unsought love, then, to her dear father, and he had betrayed it to Hastings? She had been forced upon him, and in that moment of shame and pain she understood well why Hastings had not told her. He had been too manly and too ohivalrous, and of two evils had ohosen iu preference to remain, to all appearances, blacker than he was. ' Dearest Qeraldine,' said Mrs Bay, in alarm, ' Hastings was right, after all, and X ought not to have told yotr' But that moment of agony was over, onoe and for all. She turned her head back, and seemed calm. ' Stoop down and kiss me, Katie. On the eontrary, thank you, dear, for telling me. I see that I should never have heard it from him, bat it will help us now to start our life again better still than we should have done. As yon said, that ghost is laid for ever now.' 'She sleeps now, Hastings, so ' ' Vou have been there an immense time,' hs said jealously. ' Yes; but I don't think I have done her any harm. You shall see her very soon. I will go baok and watoh her, and tell you the instant she awakes,' she said, gladly leaving him, for she intended that from Geraldine and not from her he should learn the subject of their conversation. ' Oh, thank you, Katie; you are so good,' he said, brightening and seeing her to the door. Bye and bye, Katie Bay, with quiet footfall slipped out of the sick room onoe more, this time to tell the impatient hueband that he oould now go to the dearly-loved wife who had just boon snatched from death. She found him in the passage, where, with agitated breath, he had been waiting for half an hour. A eign was sufficient, and then the door cloned with him and he fonnd himself alone with Qeraldine. She stretched out her weak arms towards him, and he went to har and put them round hiin, and he held her up against him. / ' Oh, my darling t' he said, ' thank Heaven for this moment-for the boon of your life and for the return of your love/ ' My love never went, Hastings ; it wae always yours, dearest hueband, though I may not have thown it. I have been wrong, unjust, hard. I don't deserve this; you bad every right to be angry.' Then, with brolten words, she told hiin all the details of that last day, when he left her in anger ' Say it, Hastings ; let me hear your dear lips tell me from your heart that you can turgive me. Ob, beloved husband! if you oaunot--' ' My darling, my own-you oonfuBe me, pain me' It is not for me to fergive, it is ' ' It is,' she said, with pitifal eagerness. 'The past is dead, Hastings, forgotten, for given ; it you wish to hear this from me, but for my hardness, for ' ' Beloved wife, calm yourielf and say no more. I forgive you, though Heaven is my witness that I say this to oomfort you, and that there is, and never has been, excepting for that brief moment whun I left you, any thing in my heart against you ; oj the con trary, nothing bat lovo atd pity, and infinite yearning for this blessed moment of perfect understanding and unity.' Then he folded her in his arms onoe again, and be felt no shame that a moisture gathered in his eyes and fell in one or two drops on the sweet, tearful faoe upturned to his. . . « No* that day, bat a little later, Gteroldine told her hueband of Kalie Bay's revelations to her, and then, seeing something in his faoe, she stopped him from speaking. ' No, Hastings, not a word against her, or to her. She meant well and she did well, and in my heart is everlasting gratitude to her. The story came beat from her, dearest;; in faot, you would never have told it to me, probably being too generous and too con siderate. Darling papa, it is well that he does not know what, in ail innocence, bis mistake brought upon us both.' 'And yet, Qeraldine-' he began, searching her eyes. Ab their glanoes met, they knew then that neither of them wonld have had the past nndune. Their love, their happiness, tlieir perfect trust, more than compensated for it ail. Not even to have been spared the mis understandings, the strife, the misery of those last few months would they have been without one another, woald they have relinquished the unutterable joy of the pre sent, the peaceful security ot the future. THE Ejto. The railways bring into London about 80.000,000 gallons ot milk per annum. It was three oentaries ago in Florence that the first grand opera was produced. There arc nearly 250,000 more men than women in Australia, and in Now Zealand also women are in a minority. Broad-headed horses are the olevereat. In the Household cava'jy the horses with broad foreheads learn theirdrill more quickly than the others. Even the Japs appreciate the value of printer's ink. The Mikado's Government has appropriated £8,400 to be expended in advertising in America tho mentis of Japanese tea. Glass bricks are being made extensively abroad. They are blown with a hollow oentre containing rarefied air, and are said to be as strong and durable as clay bricks, while freely admitting light. There are said to be more windows in France than in any other oountry. 