T'OM ssI' iTU' 'S GlIOST. (1ay IlICIIARU) 3ARSII). CIAPTIER I. A NEW PUPIL. T'Ihe first of the series of curious hap penings, which led to such a surprising lnd, indeed, extraordinary denoue net., occurred on the twelfth of Oc tober. It was a Monday; about four thirty in the afternoon. Madge lBrodie was alone in the house. The weather was dull, a suspicion of mist was in the air. already the day was drawing in. Madge was writing away with might and main, hard at work on one of those ,ISS. with which she took such pecu liar pains; adm with which the editors for whom they were destined took so little. If they would only take a little more--enough to read them through, say-\ladge felt sure they would not be so continually returned. 11er pen went tearing away at a gallop-it had reached the last few lines-they were iinished. She turned to glance at the clock. which was oil the matntel-shelf behind her. "Graciolus!-- hld no idea it was so late. Ella will be home in an hour, and there is nothing in the place for her to eat!" She caught up the sheets of paper, fastened thems together at the corner, eramtlled them into an envelope, scrib bled a note, erammed it in after them, addressed the envelope, closed it, jumped up to get her hat, just as there caulc a rat-tat-tat at the hall- door kniocker. "Now, what's that? I wonder if it is that Miss Brice come for herlesson after all--three hours late. It will be like her if it is-but she slua'n't have it now. We'll see if she shall." She caught up her hat from the couch, perched it on her head, pushed a pin through the crownl. "If she sees that I am just going out, I should think that even she will hard ly venture to ask me to give her a les son three hours after the time which she herself appointed." As she spoke she was crossing the little passage towaids the front door. It was not Miss ltrice-it was a man. A man, too, who behaved somewhat oddly. No sooner had -Madge opened the door, than steplping into the tiny hall, without waiting for any sort of invitation, taking the handle from her hand, she shut it after himt with con siderably more haste than ceremony. She stared, while he leaned against tilhe wall as if lie was short of breath. lle was tall; she only reached to his shoulder, and she was scarcely short. lie was young-there was nlot a. hair on his face. He was dressed in blue serge, and when he removed his felt hat he disclosed a well-shaped head covered with black hair, cut very short, with the apparent intention of getting the better of its evident tendency to curl at the tips. Ilis marked feature, at that moment, was his obvious dis composure. Ile did not look as if he was a nervous sort of person; yet, just t1:hen, the most ilshful bumpkin could iot have seemed mnore ill at ease, [Madge was at a loss what to make o/ him. "I'm feeling a little faint." The words were stammered out, as if with a view of explaining the singu larity of his bearing-yet he did not appear to be the kind of individual who might be expected to feel "a' little faint," unless nature belied her own 'handwriting. The strength and con stitution of a Samson was written large all over him. It seemed to strike him that 'his explanation- such as it was-was a. little lanme, so le stalm mered something else. "Yon gile music lessons?" "Yes, we do give music lessons-at least, I do." "You? Oh!-You do?" His tone implied--or seemed to im ply-that her applearance was hardly consistent with that of a giver of music lessons. She drew herself a little uip. "I do give music lessons. Have you been 'recommended by one of my pupils?" She cast her mind over the scanty list to ascertain which of them migllht be likely to give such a recommenda tion. His stumbling answer saved her further trouble onl that score. "No, I--I saw the plate on the gate, so I-I thought P? just come in and ask you' to give me one." "Give you a music lesson?" "Yes, if you wouldn't mind." "But-she pauseil, hardly knowing what to say. She had never contem plated giving lessons to pupils of this description. "I never have given les sons to a-gentleman. I supposed they always went to professors of their Vwn sex." "Do they? I don't know. I hope you don't mind matking an exception in ilTy ease. I--I'm so fond of music." Suddenly he changed the subject. "This is Clover Cottage?" "Yes, this is Clover Cottage." "Are you-pardon me-but are you Mfiss Ossington?" "Ossington? No-that is not my name." "Baut doesn't some one of thart name ive here?" "No one. I never heard it before. I hink there must be some mistaklce." She laid her hand on the latch-by vay of giving him a hint to go. He prevented hier opening it, placing his own hand against the door; courteous 1y, yet uitmistakably. "Excuse me-- but. I hope you will give me a lessoni; if it is only of a luarter of an hour, to try what I can do--to see if it would be worth your wvhile to have me as a pupil. I have been long looking for an opportunity of taking lessons, and when I saw your plate on the gate I jumped at the chance." She hesitauted. The situation was an odd one-and yet she had already been for some time aware that young wo men who are fighting for daily bread have not seldom to face odd" situations. Funds were desperately low. She had to contribute her share to the expenses of the little household, and that share was in arrear. Of late MhSS. had been coming back more monotonoisly than ever. Pupils-especially those who were willing to pay possible prices were few and far between. Who wa s shie, that she shouldI turn custom from the door? It was nothing that this was a stranger-all her pupils were strangers at the beginning; most of them were still strangers at the elul. Men, she had heard, pay bletter than women. She might take advantage of this person's sex to charge him extra terms-even to the extebt of five shil lings a lesson instead of half a. crown. It was an opportunity she could not tfford to lose. She resolved to at le]cst go so far as to learn exactly what it was hie wauted; and then if, from htny point of view, it seemed adviisable, to make an appointment for a future date. She led tI e way into the sitting room -lie following. "Are yo qitey qtite beginner?" she asked. "No, not--not altogether." "Let me see what you can do." She went to it pile of music which was on it little table, for the purpose of selectingl i piece of sullicient sinm plicity to enable a tyro to display hIis powers, or waintt of tlletIt. lIe was be tween her and the window. In passing the window lie glanced through it. As lie did so, lie gave a sudden start-ta start, in fact, which amounted to a positive julmp. His hat dropped from his halid, lnd, wholly regardless that he was leaving it lying on the floor, lie hurried backwarils, keeping in the shadow, and as far as, possible front the window. The action was so mark ed that it was impossible it should go unnoticed. It filled Madge Brodie with a sense of shock which was dis tinctly disagreeable. Hier eyes, too, sought- the window--it looked out on to thle road. A man, it struck her, of emphatically sinister appearance, was loitering leisurely past. As she looked lie stopped dead, and, leaning over the palings, stared intently through the window. It was tritue that the suirvey only lasted for a moment, and that then lie shamblled off again, but the thing was sulliciently conspicuous to be unpleasant. So startled was she by the connec tion which seemed-to exist between the fellow's insolence and her. visitor's per turbation that, without thinking of what she was doing, she placed the first. piece she came across upon the music-stand-saying, as le did so: "Let nme see what you can do with this." Her words were unheeded. HIer visitor was drawing himself into an extreme corner of the room, .in ia fas hion, w?-hich, considering his size aiid tlhe mtiscle which his -appearancei:sug gested, was, in its weay, ludicrous. it was not, however, the: liidierous. side which occurred to 'fadge;,,his uneasi ness made her uneasy too. She spoke a little sharply, as if iinvoluntarily. "Do you hear me? 'WiU youtbe'so good as -to try this piece; and' let. me see what you can make'of it:'." HIer words seemed to -rouse him to a sense of misbeh?aviour.. .'. - ''I beg your pardon; I am afraid you will trhink me rude, but the'truth is, I-I have beent a little out of. sorts just lately." Hie came briskly towards-the piano; glancing however, as Madge could not help but notice; nervously through the window as he came: The man outside was gone; his absence seemed to reassure him. "Is this the piece you widh me to play? I will do my best." IIe did his best-or, if it was not his best, his best must have been some thing very remarkable indeed. The piece she had selected--unite tingly-ewas a Minuet of Mozart's. A dainty trifle; a pitfall for the inex perienced; seeming so simple, yet needing the soul, and knowledge, of a virtuoso to make anything of it at all. Hardly the sort of thing to set before a seeker after music lessons. e«iose acquaintance with muisic, for all she knew, was limited to picking out the notes upon the keyboard. At her final examination she herself had chosen it, first because she loved it, iand, second, because she deemed it to be something wvhich would enable her to illustrate her utmost powers at their very best. It was only when lie struck the first few notes that she realised what it was she had put in front of hlim; when she did, she was startled. Whether he un derstood what the piece was there for -that he was being set to play it as an exhibition of his ignorance rather than of his knowledge-was difficult to say. It is quite possible that in the preoccu pation of his mind it had escaped him altogether that the sole excuse for his presence in that room lay in the fact that lie was seeking lessons from this young girl. There could 'be no doubt whatever that at least one of the things that he had said of himself was true, and that he did love music; there could be just as little doubt that he al ready was a. musician of'quite unusual calibre--one who had been both born and made. He played' the. delicate fragment with an exquisite art whichl filled Mandge Brodie with amazement. She had never heard it played like that be fore-never! Not even by her own professor. Perthaps her surprise was so great that, in the first flush of it, she exaggerated the player's powers. It seemed to her that this man play ed like one who saw into the very depths of the composer's soul, and who had all the highest resources of his art at lis command to enable hiin to give a 'perfect--an ideal-rendering. Such an exquisite touch! such masterly fin gering! such wondrous phrasing! such light and shade! such insight and such execution! She hlnd not supposed thati her cheap piano hald been capable of such celestial hlrmony. She listened spellbound-for shite, too, had imagina tion, and she too, loved music. All was forgotten in the moment's rapture--iu her delight at hearing so unexpectedly sounding in flier ears, what seemed to her, in her excitement, the very music of the spheres. The player seemed to be as oblivious of his surroundings as Madge Brodie-his very being seemed wrapped up in the ecstasy of produc ing the quaint, sweet music for the stately old- time measure. IWhen he ,had finished, the couple came back to earth, with a rush, With an alpparent burst of recollec tion his hands came off the keyboard, lnid le wheeled'round upon the music stool ivith au air of conscience stricken guilt. Mladge stood close by, actually quivering witdh a conflict of emotions. lie met her eyes-instantly to avert his own. There was silence then ia slight tremor in her voice in spite of her effort to prevent it. "I suppose you liave been having a little jest at my expense." "A jest at your expense?" "I daresay that is whadt you call it though I believe in questions of ihu nmour there is room for wide differen ces of opinion. 1 should call it some thling else." "1 donlt understand you." "That is false." At this point-bllank contradiction, the blood showed through his sallow cheeks. "False ?" "Yes, false. You do understand me. Did you not say that you had been for some time seeking an opportuumty to take lessons in music?" "I?---" Confronted by her red-hot accusa tory glances, he stammered, stumbled stopped. "Yes?-go on." "I have been seeking such an oppor tunity." "lndeed? Andldlo you wish me to suppose that youl believed that you you--eould be; taught anything in music by an unknown creature who fastened a plate;rinnouncing lessons'in music, to thelpalings of such at place as this?" He was silent,-looking as if he would have spoken, but could not. She went on: "I thantk you' for the pleasure you have given me-the unexepected plea, sure. It is a 'favourite -piece of mine which you have just performed-I say 'performed' advisedly. 1 never heard it better played by any one--never! and I fiever shall. You are a great musician. I?-I am a. poor teacher of the rudiments of art in which you are such an'adept, I am obliged by your suggestion that I should give you les sons. I regret that to do so it out of iny power. You already play a thou sand times better thla I ever shall-I was just going out as you came in. I must ask you to be so good as to per mit me to go now." Hle rose from "the music stool- tower ing above her higher and higher. From his altitude le looked down at her for some seconds in silence. Then, in his deep bass voice, he'began, as it seemed, to excuse himself. "Believe me-" She cut him short. "I believe nothing-and wish to be lieve nothing. You had reasons of your own for coming here; what they were-I do not know, nor do I seek to know. 'All I desire is that you should take yourself away." Ie ,stooped to pick up liis hat. Rising with it in his hand, he glanced towards the window. As he did so, tihe man who had leaned over the pal ings came strolling by again. The sight of this man filled him with his former uneasiness. He retreated fur ther back into the room-all but stun bling over 'Miss Ilrodie in his haste. In a person of his physique the agita tion hle displayed was pitiful. It sug gested a degree of cowardice which nothing in his appearance seemed to I warrant. "I-I beg your pardon-but might I ask you a favour?" "A favour? What is it?" "I will be frank with you. I am being watched by a person whose seru tiny I iwish to avoid, because I wished to escape him was one reason, why I came in htere." Madge went to the window. The man in the road was lounging lazily along with an air of indifference which was almost too marked to be real. He gave a backward glance as he went. At sight of Madge he quickened his pace. "Is that the man who is wiatehing you ?" "Yes, I-I fancy it is." "You fancy? Don't you know?" "It is the man." "He is shorter than you-smaller al together. Compared to you he is a dwarf. Why are you afraid of him? Either the question itself, or the tone in which it was asked, brought the blood back into his cheeks. "I did not say lrwas afraid." "No? Then if you are not afraid, why should you have been so anxious to avoid him as to seek refuge, on so shallow a pretext, in a stranger's house?" The intruder bit his lip. His man ner was sullen. (To be Continued.) 