Setting- Traps for Ghosts. New Orleans is an old city, and has a considerable Old World and negro population which is very supersti- tious. As a natural result, the city at one time had many "haunted" houses. A few years ago a Louisiana branch of the Society for Psychical Research was founded there, largely for the purpose of investigating those haunted houses, and persons who were inclined to accept certain " occult phenomena " as true, looked for a rich harvest of knowledge. What sort of harvest was really reaped is disclosed by a member of the Society in the New Orleans "Times Democrat." It occurred to this gentleman and a few of his associates that the first thing to be done was to find out the best-authenticated cases of " haunts." They did this, and finally located three houses, in the old quarter, which had been full of " spirits " for generations. They went to the houses, placed themselves there in the darkness, and listened. They had scarcely begun to do so when strange things began to happen-stealthy footsteps were heard on the stairs, with the rustle of dress, the creaking of doors, strange cries, the pattering of chil- dren's feet, and all manner of other unaccountable noise3. The next thing to be done was to eliminate the possibility of error. So the gentlemen who were conduct- ing this branch of the inquiry pro- cured several rat-traps, and set them in the first haunted house. During the very first night nine monstrous rats were captured. The next night the investigators came again to listen for ghosts, but no ghosts walked. Not a mysterious sound was heard in the house either that night or afterwards. The next house was said to be haunted by the ghost of a one-legged gunsmith who, according to tradi- tion, had been murdered there by a negro. He was heard by the investi- gators stumping round the rooms ia the darkness of the night. It was so strong and unratlike a sound thal the investigators did not believe that rats could have made it. Neverthe- less, they set traps, and that night caught eleven enormous rats. The ghost of the " one-legged gun- smith" was never heard again io that house, nor any other ghost. It was haunted no more. The third and last experiment was made in a house where " groans and the sound of some one walking tc and fro" were heard. The investi- gators lay in wait, and heard the groans and the walking. They set their traps, and the rats were found to be so numerous that it took three nights to clear them out. But af tei that no more groans or walking was heard. How the sounds were producer] they do not profess to know, but they do know that ali became quiel as soon as the premises were cleared of rats. After this excellent wort the Louisiana branch of the Society for Psychical Research disbanded. 