A CHELSEA APPARITION. ? One of the first cases of a haunted house which 'the Society for Psychical Research was asked to Investigate was situated in Chelsea, where an ar tist's studio was the scene of weird visitations. An apparition was seen by the artist in broad daylight, and appeared to him constantly' during his three years' tenancy. The circumstances Wfete SUCh as to -preclude all nossiMHh: nT riaium tion, and the figure itself was so distinct and lifelike that he succeeded In producing a portrait Of it. A rough sketch of this portrait, which is now in the possession of the society, repre sents a young man of about 25, with the right arm tern away from the shoulder, and a strange ly mournful pleading expression in the eyes. The society examined the house, and found that its then tenant, who had replaced the artist, had Been nothing. It was discovered, however, that a distressing suicide had taken place in the house, shortly after it had been built (and about forty years before the date of the vision alleged to have 'been seen by the artist), but it did seem possi ble to connect this in any way with the latter. 'And there the matter ended. This is the last .bona fide case of a London haunted house which 'we have been able to trace. The West Kensing ton one reads spuriously, as though the reputa tion had really originated in the tempting target * which a long-empty and derelictflooking house always offers to the stone-throwing propensities of the small boys of the neighborhood. Never theless, It Is only fair to add that, according to ebrae accounts, this unfortunate villa lias euffer , «d ita uncanny distinction for sixteen years past. ^'Pall Mall Gazette.' ' .The-following paragraph is culled .from the -??Church Notes' of the Aberdeen 'Evening Ex . press: '7'A cyclist some weeks ago went to view . a church in Cheshire. Above one door lie read the inscription, 'This Is the gate of heaven,' and Just below was the notice, 'This door will- be closed during the winter months.* ' . ' The following story of how. a literary aspirant was forever persuaded from 'the thorny path of journalism is related by herself. ''I spent weeks ^ in reading books bearing on my subject, and at last produced an article which, exceeded my wild est hopes. I sent my essay to the (Editor of a flourishing weekly, and waited expectantly,. After five months 1 got it back again. Very much the worse for wear, with a -marginal note by the editor to the effect that he was obliged by my kindness In singling out his journal as a starting point for my literary endeavors, tut as it was one of their rules -only to* consider 'original pro ductions, he wouldn't trouble me again. At „ least, this is what I Qiink he meant to Bay, bat fee did not put It bo politely. Thus ended my ?- 'first and lost attempt.' 