FACTS AND FANCIES. A little nonsense now and then Is relished by the wisest men.—HUDIBRAS. Elderly Lady: "They say his wife has money." Tom: "Well, that isn't his fault. They've only been married a short time." Lady : " Yes. Hopo and Charity is Tight. But what is the first llhinig we all need to make us happy ?" Small Cirl : " 'UsbanJs, miss." He : " Why is Cronje like a dish of gre-?n pras ?" She : " You tLre me." He (un daunted) : "Because he ihas been thorough ly shelled." So your friend B ihas had .his salary raised. Was it for extra work ?" " Ye 3 : he always listens when the proprietor re peats <bis baby's smart sayings." Mistress : " Now. o:ok, 1 really don't want t<o have aiy more trouble with you." Cook : " And I'm quite WilEta', ma'am, Eo )vng as I don't bear no more ©Jinplatote." Tutor: " You know, of course, t'jar. :a Christian cou»ttie3 eu:h as ours, a imp is only allowed one wife. Now, what is that state of thfngs called ?" Pupil : " I know. Monotony !" Customer : "The leather seems very tain in this ipurse." Merchant : "You see, mias, it is Russia lea 1 her, and you know they have been having suoh a terrible famine over there." Unwelcome Suitor : " That's a lovely r.ng. It always carries me away." She : " If I had known how much pleasure dt could give (u.s 'both I would >ha>e sung it earlier in the evening." She : " Why is .it that people invariably ref«r to a newly-wedded couple as 'the happy pair' ?" He (crushMy) : " Because there are grounds for believing they're g>a;l (he ceremony is over." •An Irishman, with «. heavy bundle on his shoulder, was riding on a street-car plat form. He refused to put It down, saying : " The horses hiave enough to do to drag me ; I'll carry ihe bundle." A farmer in Kent last summer iplaced the following notice in one of ihia fields :— " Notis :—lf aoy <man's or iraman's co.w gets '.into* these here '-cites, its tail wHI be . cutted off •as the case' may be." Sympathetic Lawyer : "My maocent eMent, genM-smen of the Jury, has passed Chfcugh nuany tribulations and trials " Prisc.n'er (toteirupting) : "Yea, foc&s;, and the worst of it is I allus was convicted." •Dobbs : " You ought to do something for that cold of yours. A" negleoted cold aftea leads to serious consequences." Mobbs : " This one isn't neglected. Four or fivo hundred of my friends are looking altar it." " My proudest boast," declared the lec turer, who expected his statement to be greeted with cheers, " js that I was one of the 'men behind the guns!" "Hew many miles behind ?" piped a voice from the gallery. Economy of Eleotric Light 'Plants.—Old Farmer (to his son): " Now. don't fer?U while you're in the -City to git some uv them 'lectrlc light plants we heern so much about. We kin jls' ez well raise 'em ourselves aa' save kerosene.'' " Did you study hard for the prize at s«hool, Tommy ?" " Yes, mamma ; I bpent a whole hour finding out -what kind of toffee Johnny Jones liked best, and then be had toothache and couldn't recite, and I got the prize." . . . Mrs. B.uas.by : "If that young man's coming here to see you every day lv ihe week you foad better give him. a hint to come after supper." Miss ißuneby : " I don't think it necessary, pa ; that's what he does come after." Customer : " Waiter, this bullock's heart Is very badly cooked." "Walter : " Well, sir, the fact is, cook's been crossed In love, and whenever he has anything to do with a heart it so upsets him that he doesn't know what he's a doin' of." A tiny girl, 4 years of age, waa spend ing a night away from home. At (bed time she knelt at her hostess's knee to say her prayers, expecting the usual prompting. Finding 'Mrs. B. unable to help her out, she concluded 1 thus :—" Please. God, 'scuse me. I can't remember my prayers, and I'm iitny ing with a lady that don't know any." " The Hood Old Rule, the Simple" Flan."— She : " It's too provoking ! We've only just had the drains put right, and now the ser vants arc all complaining that 'the house is haunted !" He : " I'm sure I'm very eorry; but I don't see what I can do." She: " Why, of course, you must have a man down from London who understands about ghosts.'* 