ITEMS OF INTEREST. The ordinary fortnightly meeting ol the Menzies Municipal Council takes pliic.: this evening. A budget of mining news a letter from our Lawlers correqundent, and other matter will be found on page four. The following Government reserves have been gazetted :—Laverton, town lot 2^. for a Presbyterian Church : Laverton, town lots 38, o'X and -10, for a warden's court: Mt Sir Samuel, 10 acres, for water : Lrwlers, town lot 272, f m wat ' ( ' r : M t Su ' town lot 2.')2, for far a q mechanics' institute. A wrestling match between Tom Dawes and Abdul Khnua t<>jk place at the Ma'n'i H dl last evening. The eonditions were three styles, the best two out of three, 'ibe match only lasted about 20 ininnies the Afghan winning the lirst two styles without much diftieulty. At the Menzies court yesterday before the Ii.M., Mr W. Lamb len " Owen, Michael Farlane was charged with dis- orderly conduct and u-ing obscene langnag \ II? pleaded guihy. and was fined I(>s. On a second charge of resisting the police, Farlane was ordered to pay a line of 20s. Constable Ilynes was the arresting officer. The Commissioner of Po ice has beet) informed by Sub-Inspector Orme, o! Cue. that an accident occurred on the 12ih inst at the British King mine, at Lake Darlot, to a miner named dame.? Brown. It appears that when he was ; n the stones a quantity of quartz fell upon Brown, severely crushing him. The unfortunate man was taken to the Lawlers Hospit-il. llis conditio! is precarious. The following are the drawers of the placed horses in W.A. Tattersali's (d. Charles) consultation on the Grand National Steeplechase, which closed with 0 U>0 subscribers, and drawn on a 12,500 basis : —1st horse (Rosebud), subscriber e o .1. F. Chales, Norseman, £680 8s ; 2nd horse (Wallaby), Mr Homer, Worsl y, Collie, £255 3s : 3rd horse (Hayseed), W. King and Y. Tropp, Heffernan's Mill, Yarleop, £85 : Cash prizes pnv as follow : £50 pay £31, £20 piy £13 12s, £10 pay £<; lf.s £5 pay £3 18s, £2 10s pa'v £1 15s. J. d. Miller's Sporting Pamphlet for I'.>00 has been issued, ami e..ntni::s the usual budget of reliable information on all matters appertaining to sport Horse-racing, of course, occupies most space, and sjccial attend , n is devoted to the Caulti&ld; and Melbourne Cups. Arjongst other matters dealt with may be mentioned the best performances on record, entiies and weights, dates of principal races, performances of all horses engaged in the Clips, placed horses in piincipnl races, and the rules governing all manner of sports. To -porting iii('i the pamphlet is an invaluable publication. A little knowledge is a dangerous thinpr, and a very little is m; re dangerous still. A singular incident is reported from New Buekeham, Norfolk. A woman took her child to church to be christened, and had it named doubert. After the c-- remo;.y the clergyman asked the mother In r reason f.,.' giving the infant such n Chris'd-m name, wheieupon she replied, ""Why, I thought how nice it would be to name him alter one of our bi^ English generals." An election campaign is supposed to be in progress at the present time, but the ratepayers of Menzies probably fail to vesdise the fact. It will doubtless be news to the maj .rity of local residents to hear that Friday next is to he the eventful (lay of the contest. There are two candidates in the lield. A verv suec'ssl'iil " (lower picnic" was held last Sunday at the Ghost Rocks, ibout ladies and gentlemen being present. Messrs Cobb & Co's. t-ix-inhand, Mr Waltei's drag, and some smaller vehicles, tilled t> their utmost holding capacity, left town about 10 o'clock, and arrived at their destination a couple of horns later. Mrs Taylor >rovided the refreshments which were spread in a very tempting manner on the rocks, and was assisted by Misses Frawley, Brok, Ritchie and Mrs Norilburg in serving the dainties. Flower gathering was the chief pastime of the day, and many pretty bunches decorated the vehicles as they dashed into Menzies in the evening. A word of praise and thanks is due to Mrs Taylor and her assistants for their exertions in making the affair the suco. ss it was. Mr Albert Greaves was :uiay with his camera, and took several interesting pictures. Trooper T. Ford, of the Fourth N.Z contingent, writes :—" lkira is a queer looking place, and you can't see a chimney in any of the houses. There is no Government here, the place being under the control of three companies—1 think Cecil Rhodes is at the head of thlot. Everythirg yoa see appears to belong to Rhodes, and even some of the railway engines are branded with his name. If you ask any of the black police who pays them, they will tell you ' Massa Rhodes.' There are thousands of blacks who do all the hard work, but one white man would do as much as a dozen ol them. .Just fancy, Chinamen are boss over them .' Some of the boss slavedrivers get as high as £20 a week. People talk about slavery having been abolished. Well, if they think so, send them over here, and if this is not the real article then slavery must have been a terrible thing indeed. 