COUPLETS IE This ISSUE. ' tip tftp SlEDi, CtARA MULHOLLAND. ; oornuonT. ii H HE party ,was 8 breaking up; a tho crowd was fast dispersing. V And although the sweet strains. 'of the "Blue Danube" were still floating through the rooms, tho , dancers. wer-> few, and the couples who had enorgy.leit for. ,waltz - or polka were ravelling-, , in the delightful . par quet, over which they,;, could now glide swiftly and lightly, without colliding With their neighbours. ... ,- " This" Js decidedly the -time. to dance," said a tall, slight man', with dark, eyes ahd "hair turning a little, gray about the temples. " Don't you agree, Alma?" : .. " Yes. It ,is. perfectly delightful," re- plied his partner,- ii -pretty;-' fair girl, in a simple frock of white , chiffon. " But we must stop now. I am sure mother is worn out." 1 i < . One moro turn," lio' pleaded. "Just Onel" . . , ... . ., . - "Very' well," laughing, "but you are really. insatiable to-night." . 7- " I' plead ; guilty. . With you for my part- ' her, I could go' oh for ever." . ."I am afraid -I could not, .even with jrou: So stop " now; - I'm breathless.", , "I'm sbrry for that," coming to a stand still. "I feel as though," . drawing .hor arm within his own, " the night were only beginning." 1 ."It has passed very quickly," with a soft. sigh. " All. too quickly." "My ; darling," he /whispered; » as they found themselves in a quiet gallery beyond the ballroom, "You. do love, mo?" \- " Yes.!' She. trembled, and, drawing -her self away from his encircling arm, leant against the wall. "You know I do. But hush! .Here.' comes iny mother." He bowed and turned to greet an elderly- lady in rich, velvet- and lace,, and .wearing a necklace of magnificent diamonds, who came hurrying towards them. " At last 1" she cried, pettishly. "Really, Alma, : you might be a little more thought ful.' I am weary to death. ; It is absurd to stay to such an hour. Mr. Gunning," with a cold and haughty glance, " will yon oblige me by asking for my carriage?" " With pleasure," he answered, sur prised at her, manner, And offering his arm -he led her downstairs to tho cloak room. "I am more annoyed than . I can say, Alma," said Mrs. Malcolm, as sl\e and her daughter drove homo through the silent streets. "It is wrong_.to make yourself remarkable in the - way you do with that man. You can never marry him. So. I hog you will dance less with him. Keep him at a distance." ; Alma crimsoned over throat and brow. " I mean to marry him," sho said, firmly. "He is poor, but " . " If it were only a question of fortune hunting " - "Mother, pray — I love Charles. Don't "Love him!" Mrs. Malcolm twitched her skirts, and bit her lip. "I trust not. He is not worthy of you. . He makes love, but cannot marry. Confess now. Has he asked you to he his wife?" i " No. But " "Listen, Alma. I must warn you— tell you what I have heard. There are strange rumours going about this man. He comes. from no , dno . knows : .dxnetly -where,, and some/say— it is an /awful- thing,. to think of, seeing hOw -ho; behaves — but they say he has a wife already." ; v , Alma uttcred- a cry of horror, and the colour forsook her' checks. : -v Oh I.m'othei-l Pow Clin you repeat 'silcb a calumny? Charles' was married, but his : wife. died, years, ago." , ;,.7: "'Ask him where— hoiv—wheil; . 'I don't likb the man, and don't trust him." ' Mother, : ydii vyron'g him!" ' ' : . , "For yonf sake,: I hope so. . But till l am convinced that his ..wife lis. dead, , till he, proves it .beyond a doubt, I forbid you .to dance with him, or speak to him when you, meet-."- - , "But I must. tell. him why— explain. He .comes, to see me to-morrow, to— — ." "A sob choked her utterance. ' ; "Then ask him straightforwardly. Tell him— or. shall, I?" .. ..." ... , "No, no. I'll see him and then send for you." ,i . "Very well. And remember, - dear, . I do this for, your. good. .. Better suffer u little now than — more hereafter. This matter must be settled once and for, all." : "Yes, mother, Charles will do that to morrow." And holding her head, very ' liigh, Alma 'stepped out of the carriage, and bid ding, her mother "Good-night, went up stairs to her room;, > -i- - - But next morning Charles Gunning did not appear as he had promised ; and Alina spent - a miserable, day. - In .the .evening came - a telegram saying that he hod been unexpectedly called out of town on busi ness, which would probably detain- him for. some . time. . A; week .passed;'; and - no- ' thing more was heard. Ho neither came nor .wrote.,, , , .... ... j . "He must he back. for the Montrevo'r's ball," Alma told herself. " I iim sure he would not miss that."- -And she tried .to look careless ,nnd indifferent, though her heart was breaking. .. . . .. .. To the Montrevor ball; Alma .went with an. aunt and two young cousins/ her mothbr being somewhat indisposed. This, 'the, gir" felt, was the best thing that could, have happened. She would be freer to talk tho matter out with Charles Gunning/ if Mrs. Malcolm were absent, 'and might count upon staying longer at the dance, ns Hettv and Kate invariably -danced on to tho.lasl, and their mother never bado them go, till they. were, quite willing, to do. so. But alas ! poor Alma's disappointment was bitter. Her lover, was not at the . ball, and she had great difficulty in restraining her tears, when after hours, of watching and waiting, she told, herself he would not come ; that something extraordinary, must havo happened to keep him away from this dance,- at which he knew he would surely meet her. " I'll ask Auntie to take lire home," slie cried, wringing her hands. "I cannot talk and dance whilst I am- so miserably un happy. And yet — ho. might come late." Afraid to go, lest she should miss him, and feeling it impossible -to exert herself in any way, Alma took refuge in a little alcove, .screened- from the ballroom by a heavy curtain. Here she sat for some time unnoticed, .. her heart . sinking lower . every moment, as the hours passed and the pos sibility of her seeing Charles .Gunning that night became more and moro remote. Then jtist as she. had .. made up her mind that . .it was useless., to -re main any. longer, he entered the roonis looking anxiously over the purging crowd; Alma's heart gave a great bound, and springing to her feet, she stepped forth from her hiding-place. In a. moment he saw her, and hurried to her side. "I was afraid you had gone.". He .caugiit her hand. "I am late: And you look pale, Alma — distressed." "Do I? Oh! take me out of this," she cried.- And - without a word he led her out of'the room, and to a broad, -anil she rejoiced to see, deserted balcony; ; Shq rank down upon a low seat, and motioned him to a chair beside her. " Alma," he said in a voice full of emo tion, "You are troubled? Yon have heard—" , "Bub it.is flot true? .: Y6u:.will explain -rdenys-allt. I'-kno.w you .will;,'.' . :"H( sighqdj'/artd-his-hyeS'TCstod'upqn her for an instant, then wandered silently up wards.;.:. " i V- | y.It , was Almost day. , . , Little : /streaks /of red. and/gold were already, visible in the slimmer..; sky. / .The . street, below, . with Its ptring, of,, waitiqg: carriages,., the tall, ,- high houses opposite; ;looked weird .and' dreary in -the -dawn-, whilst the ; girl: in -her White evening dress, -a. .spray.- of somewhat faded floW-e'rs upon her breast/' and fair - hair ruffled, . her: sweet faee.full of. sadness and distress; appeared, to havo grown suddenly worn and hnggard, when seen by tho early morning, light. .. >; But the man/at her- side saw -ho change in- her. 'Tho-.-frhshhess «of-iher 1 dress, the neatness, of , her hair; mattebed '-nothing to him.,;, He loved/her. -.-Ahd as lie gazed into, her pure; -true eyes,; the wasted years of his past life rose up black and- hnteful before him, and with "all his soul » -lie .wished that ' he could .wipe, them .out . and become worthy of the love and admiration of;this trusting.' child; , v„, , . . But,; alas!.- he could not/ clahnher now. An unexpected blow had fallen Upon him. His. , sins . pursued him;- His i-folly. liiid found, him out.: And' he must; just as he saw the gates of a paradise on earth open ing before him, pay the price of his mis spent' youth. - ' ' ' 7 - - : " Alma," he said; gently touchihg -.the little hand .that . lay cold and inert 'upon the girl's -lap,'- " I -have never deceived' you —willingly;— -I have told- you - everything. Told you that I was- poor — that I had gambled away my patrimony .i "Yes, yes."' She flushed and grew pale again; " But that matters little. .I.liave a good fortune, you aro working well,' get ting on,. at. the , Bar. But— you told me your, wife was' dead. And now they say that: she is — living-." "They say true." He was white- as death; "But till ton days ! ago -I was certain she was dead. You believe this, Alma?"' - - Slio shivered, and covered her faco with her hands.. "Yes," she moaned. "I do believe yon. But. what does it all mean? Did you not see her dead?" - - ... . "No; We had hot met for years, ahd whether she was living or dead did- not trouble -me. .1 would not care , now — only,"., lie lowered his voice, to a -whisper, "for my love for you; But till ten -days ago I never questioned the matter. I be- lievcd her dead." . " Why ?" The girl's lips were quivering, her eyes, full of tears; "What were your reasons for thinking so?" , "A friend, who had known her well — Maurice. Valmer— wrote and told me of her death. He had paid for her burial." Alma drew a long, deep breath. "How was she supposed to have died?" "Through an accident. She was, as I have told voii, a girl of low family, but very beautiful. Her fatal beauty ruined, me. anil slie lured me on to marry her. Out by friends, and relations, we could not .live in England, and I took her abroad. Soon, alas! I discovered the mis take T had mndo. We. were miserably unhappy, and before long grew to hate each other. To drown our feelings,- and make life bearable, we took to- gambling. For a time slie won, hut I lost — always heavily — and when everything was gone I fled home mid buried myself and mv misery at Cntswnld — a little place in Cornwall left roe by my mother. She refused to come, nnd remained at Monte Carlo. "Years passed on. She never wrote, and T knew not where she was, or what she did. Then, an old friend wrote, telling me slie was dead. Slie had. he said, ruined herself -at the- tables nnd fallen ill of fever in a litt'n place some miles from Monte Carlo. Herd she was tenderly cared for and nursed hack to life by an angel of a niece, and when well enough set out once more for the gamb'ing- rontns, to stake her last iouis and win back her fortune. That night, n woman fell between the train and tile platform at X and was picked up crushed .and : mutilated,' , dead. - From'; , various; things in v her. possession. , -Rainier belieVedv'her .to be : iny unfortunate wile, and. as such lie had -her- buried; ' 7 " His Recount of her.. death satisfied : me.. I made' no ' inquiries, , asked no qncstidns;: I-, refunded Palmer ahd' dismissed the mat;, ter from my mind. I -felt no-sorrow, -.and did- not- pretend to, any.-yForosome time I lived -oii; l-lonely and- wretched;, at Cotfe- '.wold, and then fiiy.-iaie .life began to pall, and J camo to London tb .w'ork, I. soon grew less .miserable'.-/ Things,; 'looked brighter. I got on at the Bar, . and .made friends;- And when I met you, my. happi- hess seemed coinpletc— for my heart was full of hope.., On' that night- When, v'e danced together so late , at the/ RendaU-B I. was about .to ask you -thesall- iinportaht question I -when " yotir 'ihother- interrupted hnd- carried you off. Theh' the blow fell. Hajjpiness, peace,' joy, were scattered." He shuddered. Oh 1 .the horror, of- it I'!-, ; >'/' How-did it happen ?":eame from Alma's white and trembling lips. "TVh'o told you?". H-. i 7;v.: i-i !' An- old -man, - whom 'I-, had -hardly seen six -times. since; my unhappy marriage,- but who had. been , more intimate with.;my wife; He accosted me. in a. friendly way, and. hoped Mrs; Gunning was well. . --I told him she was dead many years. He,;stared; then snid-he had -seen her; -looking in the best of health and: very , handsome,, in the street; but, a few days before. I assured him that ho was mistaken. Sueii a thing was impossible. But lis insisted that, ho could- not have been - deceived, -and, turn ing to a young man who came up at that ntoment; said : ' ' 1 1 /- U.. "James, did I not point out Mi's. Charles Gunning to you in the street the other day?'- - - - -. : - I-- . \- " Yes;- arid -I recognised her at ohce. She is .very , beautiful; Though people shy Mr. Gunning does 'not seem to think so.! "/Good heavens!' I cried; , I- could", have struck the fellow -for- his insolence. - 'AVnat people , say; these things? Who knows this woman; supposed' to be-.iriy dead wife i;: " James Masters looked at me, as though he thought I were" going mad;.. ' ; ; . "-'I .don't know anyone who actually knows her,'., he- answered, '.that is to, visit or speak to, but most people seem aware that- there is such a person, - and, there are a good many wKo think you ought tto bring her about with you soinetimes, and not allow girls to fanqy-; — !: , . . ... "'Stop!'. It- cried, white with passion. ! I will not be insulted. - Where is this woman you Say is my .wife?' "Ho looked/ at irio with a curious, puzzled, incredulous expression, and shrugged his shoulders. ' " ' 'Pon iny soul, I don't know; arid if you don't it's hard to say who does.' " "I tell you she doesn't, exist. She died at Monte Carlo four years. ago.,' . .. . " ' Then her ghost is walking about Lon don; I'm awfully sorry, old chap, if I havo offended you, but after ail it's better you should know the truth. People are saying your wife is alive, and many olKer ugly things. You saw how Mrs. Malcolm carried off her daughter. Alma just now? Well, she had only , then heard the story. If — hut I'll say; no more. Good night!' and he. hurried away. "I felt stunned — bewildered — terrified. All. sorts of strange ideas- nnd riidd, pro jects floated througlrmy brain, as I dragged myself wearily home to my rooiris that night. I remembered your mother's cold ness and look of proud contempt ns I handed her into her carriage — remembered the story she would tell you — thought of your horror and 'suffering— thought of your love and the happiness that had seemed so near for us both, and vowed that tiil I could prove . beyond a . doubt that my wife was, as I believed her, -dead "I would never speak to or look into your dear face again. . . , " The task was a difficuit one. I had -o- thing to go upon, rio idea how to -'id this woman whom - people had seen nnd imagined tc be my wife. . In my extremity, I.- hurried into the country - to Maurice Palmer. But lie eonld give me little help. In fact, ho did but increase my .misery. It. -was. quite, possible,.. he .'admitted, that, there had;been a mistake ; he had thought so 'often lately, but had not dured to sug gest such a thing to - mo. v The woman ! killed near.. -Monte. Carlo , might -not have been niy wife; -.: The face had been so .hor ribly disfigured and mutilated that ibso- lute ./recognition was out of the question; M.-." At .the;, time; there had -been no, doubt about it. Lara .had. disappeared that, -day, leaving, her things at, the hotel,- and. when this person, about her- ..height, and figure, wearing a dress he thought- ho knew; , anil n-brooch he certainly did know, was found dead," he believed her to'; be my wife, and had her' .buried under hei- .'name. , Lara neyfer returned to - the hotel, - never sent for her clothes,- which were sold -to pay lier bill; arid, neither he nor anyone about the ; place imagined that any mistake had been made."- . Ho .paused, and wiped the perspiration from, his brow.. - . '""Anil why— oh;- Why — lias Mr. .Palmer begun to think that there was a mistake?" . moaned Alma." " Living in .the . -country, what- has--ho seen— what-has ho heard?" . "His suspicions were first aroused by a photograph, seen at; the house of a friend. It was a. group of actors and actresses, done-by-:an amateur. ...The -likenesses were not - good — did 'riot do justice to any of them, llo 'was told — but as lie looked at one -beautiful face lie was filled with terror. It bore -.a'-most -extraordinary ' resemblance to my -wife. But convinced that she was dead,'- reassured by his lady friend's re peated declaration that the photograph was- not a good, one, not . really like the people there represented, lie laughed at his sudden fear, and tried, to forget it. . . "But- tho idea haunted him. And be frequently -thought of writing to tell me of- his doubts, but shrank, from doing so, and put it off, thinking he -would tell me of them when we met. -But we did not meet, and I went my way ill total ignor ance, without the faintest suspicion of the awful sword that hung over my head. But tho blow has fallen, I know the wor3t now.. -The woman we believed dead lives. My life, my hopes, are ruined !" " Are-you— sure?" .. "Alas! only -too sure. I havo seen , her — spoken to her."., - " Alma started, and -raised her eyes full of anguish -to his face. "Oil, God! JYhere?" "At a little theatre in the East End — this vei-y.- night.: That is why I was into coming hero ; that is why I now see — speak, to you for the last- time." He paused for a .moment, overcome with emotion. Then, .steadying his voice with an effort,, he continued : " At the- Variety Theatre, Palmer told me, this Mme. De Lara wns acting, and lie- advised mo to go there and see for my self. I went — and soon knew all. Under the name of De Lara slie acts, but gives out openly that, she is my wife — has done so for some time. And so, although 1 was the last to hear it, sho hns been ruin ing my -reputation, making me appear a lying, -black-hearted villain. Oh, heavens !" lio; clenched his fist, and tho veins ' stood out, throbbing upon his forehead, "I longed to smite her to the ground, as she stood before me like a beautiful devil, -mocking and laughing, boasting of the easy way in which ire had been deceived by tlie dead woman's likeness to herself, and the inconvenience and' worry she nail escaped by her supposed death. "'It wns all arranged for me in a -iar- vellous manner,' slie said, twisting a mag nificent diamond ring round her finger. "I was up to -my eyes in- debt, and I knew not how to get money. Every penny was gone. , In tlie town where I was stay ing was a. young, woman with whom T had made friends. To lier I sold a dress, a brooch, and some half-dozen handkerchiefs. With this money I . went to the gaining tables' hnd won. Delighted, I played on, and missed the last train to X . The next day I . siiw that I was supposed to have been killed, and that Mr. Maurice Palmer bad kindly undertaken to bury me. Soit. , I was "well- off now. I would keep iny money and remain dead. I caine back to London and met an old friend, the manager. of the "Variety." Encouraged oy iiiin, I -went oil the stage. I have suc ceeded beyond , air niy expectations, and here I am, doing all the leading parts, and making quite a fortune.' "'You might have let mo know, and spared my mime.' I - said. - . " Sho shrugged her shoulders contemptu ously, and laughed, . " ' The name was and is useful. It gives me a certain- standing. ' You are getting on in your profession mid in society. As to letting you know, that ivns not Hy business. I am -well known, much ad mired, and always here to be seen.' ! "'In this out of the way place — who sees you ?' "'It is not so far removed from- civilisa tion as yoii suppose,' she answered com placently. ' And our little theatre is the fashion just now. It is not for mo to say who or ivliat nttracts them, but we have many Earls— av, and Dukes — in w- stalls , from time to time. So when I saw you there to-night I was not surprised. ' !' My . fame has reached him at last," I thought.', - - " ,;."'Fame,' I cried, .and my fury choked me so that I. could say no,morji.i "'Yes — fame. Little as you think of it —or care.- - I, am famous. I am envied. I . liaveimany friends, riiany .admirers. -. ..But,' lier eyes flashed, ,as though she gloried in the thought, 'I have. enemies, , -too. ...The more, successful I; nm, -the mora jealous and disagreeable they become.' '".Take care,' - I said, ' jealousy has driven men' to crime, before now.' " She looked at me curiously. ' Then a sudden expression of terror flashed into lief eyes; r "'I am not afraid of; tlie jealous -ones. But there is one man I nm in deadly ..dread of. You remember Weston, my brother?" No." I- never saw him. He was. in America when---' ".' You" rind I were young.- Of course. And ;I- wish- He: had stayed there; But -to iujr grief ;he has 'icturned and' has found lijerout; 'Hwis'-wiid and strArigeand pes- tefs triie for | riioiiey-which -I', cannot— will not give. .Th'en he threatens mo, and I go iri ' to'rrqf :bf my life.J !!.-t. ,) a ",Poori!thing:l''ymurmufed Alma: "She is not. very- happy, then.-l"- ; !,'.""TiA /hard -to/ 'say.:-(vHef , riioods vary. In -a -.lriomeiit she , changed - and - seemed to forget lier fears, .as Aslie/tol: me- that-'sne was soon leaving the Variety and coming up to tho West End to act at the Wofiing- ton; ' — - - - , "' I expect to have a great triumph there,' she cried jjaily," "and hope to see you often in the stalls. Till then, "au revoir." That is,a signal that I am wanted.' .And, ink ing me a low, mocking how, which I did not' return, she hurried. away." , 'He. leant .heavily against the rail of the balcony and looked- at Alma as though ex pecting her to speak. But., she remained silent, her , eyes downcast, her sweet; face full of .deeji, unutterable: woe. . Gunning drew his hand across his brow, and a sob escaped him. .. .. ' "I clashed out of the theatre," -he -con tinued after a time,- " into tlie night/ care less of where I went -or what I did — des pairing. Then I thought of you, of your goodness, your purity, your love. And I vowed to . do nothing : unworthy, nothing that would make you blush or feel ashamed that you hud known me. ' In all the world,' ' I said, .' what is there to equal the love of a. good woman? It surpasses everything. I hayo injured Alma — made her suffer. But she will, forgive. I will place my future life and actions in, her hands. What she bids, me do- 1 will do." -He went back to her side and looked sadly down - upon tho pretty bowed head. "Have I hoped too much, Alma? Have "Oh 1 No, no." She caught his hand and held it for a moment between ncf trembling palms. " You are not to blame;" she said, white to iliu lips. " 'lucre is no- ' thing to forgive. This blow, which has fallen upon lis was as unexpected by you as by me. God bless you and keep you. Whilst your wife lives, - our Jives must be divided. But . let me hear good of you — always. Work hard at your profession — that will save you— and keep a brave neart. And. now,, good-bye. I see my aunt -om- ing to look for me. Good-bye!" \- She dropped his hand and went quickly along tho balcony. Meeting her aunt at one of the windows, she took her arm and drew her back into the house. Ill a few moments tho call for Mrs. Dar- mer's carriage rang up the street, and cry soon Gunning saw Alma, as white as the swausdown round her throat, follow -Her aunt and cousins down the hall doorsteps and enter the landau. " So vanishes hope and joy and Jove from my life and hers," he moaned, as the carriage disappeared. " But how brave the child is 1 How brave and true ! God help hor." And lie left the house and went sadly home through tiie deserted streets. Two years passed, and Charles Gunning nnd Alma Malcolm did not meet again. He followed her advice to the letter, and threw himself heart and soul into liis work. The Malcolms, he knew, spent most of their time abroad, coming but seldom to Lon don. Alma's health was not what it had been, and very little tired her. She did not complain, was sweet and gentle to all around lier, but her spirits drooped. From the night of the Montrevor's bail she '"as a changed being. She was silent and sub dued, and in spite of care of every kind, le grew pale and thin. Site shrank from amusement, aud became weary and deject ed in any place of entertainment. " She is not fit for society," the doctor said. "Take her abroad, and give her plenty of change of ail- and scene. But do not allow her to exert herself unduly." Her mother sighed heavily. A roving life was not what she cared for. But her daughter's health and happiness were a mattch- of Vital- importance-to her.-'aridvso she followed the doctor's advice with loving and unselfish exactitude, ae ,»; ' -Meanwhile, all . London. was . ringing with the .nnnie..of.,,the .great,. actress, ; itme. Do Largo,: She had; left -the, , /Variety,, for,. tho jVVoflington,.. and.vwas , playing- Cleopatra, Ophelia, .nnd., Lady. Macbeth before crowd ed. nndi.enthnsiastioi houses. -.She i was -.all the fashion ; - the- rage - of -tho - moment; Everyone -talked about her;. oyeryone:-went fo - seo her. . She was .well- known-ytb -' oo Charles Gunning's wife, and niany " and- fre quent were : tho congratulations he -received upon her, -marvellous, unprecedented i suc cess. -Gunning thanked --those who - spoke so Warmly, but their praise o! Lara, - her beanty.-and her. acting, gave him-no-plca- sure, arid ho -Jonged to fly- to some distant land; , where he should, never see her face, or -hear her name again. But Alma's wish - that ' he should work linrd at his jirofession -kept him in- London, and although .he- never- -went anywhere where . he was-.likely to- meet the bean-sitel actress, he found - it impossible - to; escape from -or forget . -her. Her photograph,; was in every window, her name in every- papAr, and in every mouth. On nil sides, the tliolight of her, haunted and pursued, hiin.; That Lara was anxibus . to forget- . vnd avoid him ho never doubted for a moment, and it was, therefore, „ with feelings, of sur prise arid astonishment that he .orie .nay received a note from her,, begging hirii. to come and see her .at tlie theatre that niglit. "I am in grave difficulties," sho wrote, "and .want , your advice. -.You are, a: law? yer, and, my husband, and, in spite, of everything, I feel that I. can. trust, yon."- , ' Wants money, "..lie said, shrugging bis shoulders .and crushing the scented - note between, his. fingers. ".The biggest fortune in Europe wouldn't keep Lara out of .debt. Well, it's little I can do for- her. Still, I can't -refuse to go and, see what, is wrong." ; Gunning .reached- tho theatre about seven, but was told that Mme. De Lara never arrived, before .eight: o'clock, as she did not go on -the stage till ,a -quarter to nine. .-; She. will -come- earlier to-night, to. talk over her affairs," lie decided, and stationed himself at the:.ittle side door, by which he was - told the actors nnd actresses ¦al tered' the theatre. , - Quite a crowd soon. gathered. in -the- nar row street, and jiressed up to the entrance, all eager to got a good place from which to see the reigning favourite as she stepped out of her carriage. One dark-looking man, his hands hidden in the folds of a long, black cloak, which he wore draped about his shoulders, kept well to the front, and glared fiercely at anyone who pushed or jostled him. "A vindictive-looking ruffian," thought Gunning, attracted by the man's appear ance, his sallow face, and strange; wild eyes. . "Ho looks mad enough for any thing!'.' . At that moment the well-known carriage dashed up, and there was a rush for tne door. As, tho beautiful Lara stepped forth, the diamonds in her hair and at lier throat sparkling and scintillating, her long, silken train over her arm, she caught sight - of Gunning, and greeted him with a radiant smile. - " How more than good of you " she began, advancing towards him, then sud denly paused; all whilo and trembling, as the man in the black cloak barred her pas sage. " Will you consent?" he asked in a husky whisper. " Givo me what I ask?" "No, Weston. No !" He raised his arm, a wild cry escaped her lips. "I'm stabbed; Oh, God!" She staggered forward, reeled round, and then sank to the ground, bleeding and un conscious. The assassin made no attempt to escape, and stood , gazing at his victim with dilated eyes. Then, as people near caught hold of liim, he raised his dagger once more, and, plunging it deep into his heart, fell , like a stone by her si'do, and died without a struggle. Very gently Gunning raised Lara in his arms and carried her into the theatre. As he laid lier upon a low couch she opened lier eyes. . " He threatened — often — " she murmured. "My unhappy brother. Ho has done — it — at last. Forgive me, Charles, forgive me. Madness was - in, my blood. I — could not always help— myself." He pressed lier hand in speechless emo tion. Sho smiled. A leaden, death-like gray overspread her countenance, and ' er breath cable in quick, short gasps. Then, with a long-drawn sigh, her head fell for ward on her breast, and all was over.- Lara wns dead. Some six months later, surrounded by a select party of her nearest and dearest friends, Alma Malcolm, looking very loveiy and radiantly happy, was - married to Charles Gunning ill the English Church in Paris. Smoke Canteen Mixture, cool and sweet. Mam— 1 1 i ii i mini - —awn— 