JERRAWA. (From a Correspondent.) Changed Hands. — The well-known property " Morefield " has changed hands— f he purchaser being Air. .Jno. l>ufly, of Good Hope. The present manager, Air. George Worthy, witn ms wife and family, .take their departure at the latter end of the month. "While re gretting the departure of such good neighbours, tho loss is repaid by the advent of such a sterling man as the new proprietor is. Mr. and Mrs. Worthy tako with thorn the good wishes of the peoplo and it is to bo hoped that they obtain a better position than tho one they aro vacating. Wanton Destruction. — Pratical jokes | are all right in their proper places, hut j when things are wantonly destroyed for j petty reasons, something should he done I to prevent a re-currcnce of same. Two j properties join each other, the holders j are not in close communion with each j other and consequently pass each other i as utter strangers. One neighbour is a , peaceful person, the other directly the j opposite and a revengeful spirit is ever j lurking in tho bosom of same. Any i little damage or hurt that can ho in- I flicted is always eagerly taken advant- | age of. A few days ago, neighbour No. 2, in taking lior daily walk around her own paddock evidently in search of trespassers in tho forms of poddy calves and pet sheep, accidentally came across a beautiful large " citron melon " (such fruit is very scarce in the vicinity this season) partly on her own ground and partly 011 the owner's ground. After mature consultation and deliberation with " Nip " the melon was put upon its trial and was accordingly judged guilty of illegally trespassing and was liko "Lady Jane Grey " of ancient his tory sentenced to death. After much more cogitation and agaiD referring to " Nip " for his canine advice, the form .ofdeath decided upon was to be burnt at "the stake./ A'considorable amount of fag gots were unceremoniously heaped upon the victim, the whole ignited by the aid of lucifer while tho executioner of said melon calmley looked on rejoicing in the pleasure and satisfaction of u revenge ful spirit which no doubt to a certain extent satisfied the despised feelings one neighbour holds towards another. Tho feelinus of the owner of melon can he better imagined than described. Moral. Never allow your melon to trespass. An Apparition. — Great cxcitemont has been caused of late in a paddock, known as the Company's Fattening Pad dock, situated between here and Chain of Ponds. Rnmour has been provalent of late that something — which usually assumes the form of a female — has been constantly seen moving to and fro nightly. Several well-known residents who fancy tlicy havo a claim 011 said paddock all assert that this apparition can be seen nightly, and that they do not care about venturing too near. Various theories have been brought : forth as to what the form is. Some assert that it is a mau in female attire roaming about for some, unknown rea son. Others say that a foul murder lias been committed in the paddock soiuo twenty years ago, and that the culprit has never been brought to justice and the apparition is the ghost of the mur- 1 dored- one seeking revenge on its mur derer. Others go as far as to say that it is the owner of tho paddock, hut tho latrer must bo a mistake, however a party of three or four game young men have agreed to combine and prove for them selves what the nocturnal animal. is. A most peculiar feature about the myster ious affair is that no one has over yet come 011 to any footprints or marks of any sort, either in the sand- of tho creek or about the packlock. People are rather scared about going through tho enclosure during night time. 1 2/5/00. TOB ACCO ' What brand of tobacco do you smoke V a man asks of a friend, as he hands hack the plug which I10 has borrowed. ' Oh, I always smoke Signet,' is the reply, ' and I will tell you why. It is the best flavoured, sweetest-, and most economical smoke you can havo. Since I com menced with it, some years ago now I have never smoked any other brand.' This is the experience of thousands at tho present timo, and without doubt it will ho tho exper ience of thoutands in the future. ' Signet Tobacco ' is made in dark and light plugs, and obtainable at all tobacconists and storekeepers. Dealers in skins and hides and other "produce, to whom tho last fraction of price is important, thould consign their stuff to Winchcombe, Carson and Co., Ltd., Sydney, to ho realised. Tho directors of this firm attend to their ! sales personally, and nothing short of ; the last fraction in price will satisfy them. 