THE FEDERAL PARLIAMENT HOUSE. ITSELF AND ITS SURROUNDINGS. A CHAT ABOUT MANY THINGS. (By J. L. F.) In a few weeks, the big electorate of Tasmania will be engaged in the selec- tion of eleven men to represent it in the first Federal Parliament to be held in Melbourne. A word, then, about the build- ing to which those men will repair, to settle the affairs of a land almost as big as Europe, will be interesting now; par- ticularly so as the voice of a future King of England will soon be heard within its walls. Were "Johnny" Fawkner still living a man of 21 years of age, who went with Fawknor's party to Port Phillip in 1835, would now be only 86 years of age-he would be glad and amazed to see the events of which we are about to be witnesses. Last week, the House of Assembly of Tasmania passed a bill making arrangements for the election of members to represent this State (we must now drop the word "colony") in the first Federal Parliament. Could Fawkner see those oh'vcn men cross- ing Bass Strait in a comfortable modem steamer, how he would reeijll the timo, 65 years ago, when he and small party navigated a little craft from Launceston, across the Strait, and up the snaggy Yarra, to tho spot where the Melbourne Custom House now stands. Then, the aboriginal was monarch of all he sur- veyed, and this was the forest primeval, and the ever- flowing river, that wound its way, serpent-like, through its groves of gum and wattle. Now, ne would see pro- ceeding from the same Tasmania-most probablpy, from the same old town of Laun- ceston-this body of men going to take their share ln the councils of a nation that has sprung into existence since Fawk- ner left the Tasmanian town with the Cornish name. To think that Fawkner might have almost lived to ses these mon land at the Queen's Wharf in 1901, just as he himself had stepped ashore, on the very-same spot, from his little boat in 1835\. And then, as he accompanied thom through the stately thoroughfaies of tho capital, whose first house he built and lived in, row his thoughts would be hurried back through the genera- tions to the time when Governor Bourke saw the plan of the infant city, and its houseless streets "marched past" him and he named each-as Adam named the nrst beasts, in the long ago ! So, you see, Tasmania is specially in- terested in this First Federal Parliament to be soon opened at Molbourne by the Duke of York. Victoria was colonised from, Tasmania : the old grandfather is going to meet her grandchildren in their own, home, and have a long talk with them about the domestic affairs of her ¡S, 'aHd tb?m- I* "int- be that one of tho oleyon (this, involuntarily, smacks of the New Testament) will be a vener- able but vigorous goutlemnu namod Adyo Douglas, who will be the only one of the froifp who could come near Johnny _ awknor in his reminiscences and real- isations. Ho was there when me forties wore young, and there met the Hentys and associated with the Franklin», and to re- turn now, clothed with a sort of inter- national character, would bo a thing woll worth the living for all this time! But, touching that building. As moBt peoplo now know, the firBl Federal Par- ' liaraent is to bo held in the Exhibition- ' building at Carlton, Melbourne. This ig one of tho many wise compromises mado at the Fédération Convention for the pro- ' motion of that unanimity which IIBB ' brought about the Federation of the ' whole of tho Australian colonies and of Tasmania. The Commonwealth will bo . inaugurated at Sydney on the first day of the Twentieth Century, and within the first half-year of the existence of both, > the first Federal Parliament will bo hold in Melbourne-pending tho creation of I the Federal capital, which will be sonic whero in New South Wales, but not at Sydhoy. I I well romonibor when the Government of Sir Graham Berry proposed to hold tho first International Exhibition in AUB- | tralia, nud to build the hugo stiucliiio i now standing in the Cailtou Gardens, ' Melbourne, for the purpose. I was in the gallery of the Legislative Council when i the Government proposal was mado, , and I remember recording these words uttered by a wealthy and influential colo- nist: "It will make us a laughing stock to the world!" Well, did it? Since . then, a second has boen held, in tho snmo building, after an interval of only eight yoars-moro brilliant mid successful than the first. Then, when Parliament author- , ised the holding of the Exhibition, there waa a row in tho City Council about tak- ing a portion of tlio Carlton Gardens, which were undor tho conti ol of the Cor fioralion, on which to eiect the Exluoi ion-building. One member declared that it would bo "the home and playground of the larrikin for all lime." Well, so far, it hasn't, and now it's twenty years old. On the conti my, it lins been alwayB a thing of beauty, mid it mil surely, bo a , joy tor over. As you steam np Hobson s Bay, mid the domos and spues of Mel-j bourno loom in view, one of IJio most , Ërominont is tho burnished dome of tho xhibilion Building, glittering in the sun. The lively lal «kin has no part in the building. Tho place is altogether too re- spectable for him : ho prefers the Fnendly Societies' gnrdoiiB, doun by the larra, al fele time. . , I The Exhibition-building is immediately ! surrounded by exquisite flower gardens ' and parterres, and the whole is nicely en- closed by nu iron fence. The building stands in about the centre of the gardens, and the main outrance facet) a road which has a histoiy. In 1809-70, when the Mac- , pherson Government was in power, a gi- j gantic Iiisli solicitor, Mr. Jnmes McKcan < (who is still to the fore), was Minister of I Lands. Ile was then, or lind been, a morn- , bor of the Fitzroy Municipal Council, and j believing that the making of a short cut , for vellidos from Fitzroy to Carlton and , North Melbourne would be acceptable to the peoplo of. Fitzroy, he "proclaimed' this road - connecting Gertrude-street with Queonsberry-street-a public road for vehicles as well as pedestrians. The City Council utterly opposed this proceed- ing,, and then there was a grand row. Mr. MoKean hod any amount of "fight in bim. Not long before, there had been a stoTid-up fight iu tho Fitzroy Couucil, when a councillor was tin own prone on the floor, and a chair placed an top of bim. and a man sat in it ! That was the way some people "sat on" others in those days, and "suppressed" fieo speech-ex- cept from undor a chair. AVoll, the City Council barricaded both ends of tho road, ¡yidAho Grevcrnmant officers pulled dotin"tho Barricades. Willi that sporting spirit which characterises so many of the class, the butchers' boyB delighted in driv- ing through this road, but the average re- spectable citizen and lover of public order drove round the gardons OB if the road hail no oxiBtonce. Very soon it had no ex- istence for vehicles. It was found, I think, that Mr. McKean's "proclamation" was ii regular iu some way or other, and the passage was closed, oxcept to pedes- trians. -,,... I liaro an interest in this Exhibitlon buildäiR. I was prosent on tile 19th Feb- ruary, 1870, when Governor Sir George Bowen laid the first stone. 1 was at the brilliant opening of the first International Exhibition held in it, on the lBt October, 1880, and I represented a Sydney paper at the socoiid Exhibition, opened in August, 1888\. I have been at its birth, and have seen its purposes realised, and repeated. And can I over forget the very last occa- sion on which I stood within the vast building! It was on the evening of the Quoen'B Birthday, 1897, when Regina Nagel warbled, with her superb contralto voice, "Ben Bolt" and "The lost chord" in tho presence of 10,000 people ! I have now before me the season tickets, bearing my owu portraits, which admitted me to the two great exhibitions of tho world's work held there. Ghosts of depart- ed days! . The permanent Exhibition-building Is cruciform, and consists of a nave 500ft. long, running from east to west, and cut through its centre by a transept 270ft. deep, the endB of which are north and south. At the south end is the chief por- tal, a tall arch 40ft. wide and 60ft. high, reached by a flight of broad stone steps. On each side aro square towers 105ft. high. Some 50ft. behind the portico, and at the point where the transept intercepts the nave, risen the dome, octagonal in form, and reaching the height of 223ft., some 130ft. above the main roof. At its base, the ooutral tower is 100ft. square. _ The main building and annexes at the time of the Exhibition of 1888 covered an area of 32 acres of ground, being about 12 acreB more than the first exhibition." Ample balconies (now partly used as picture gal- leries) run along the wallB of nave and Thora is a grand organ in the building which rominds me of a whole week's musi- cal "dissipation," to which people gave themselves up at Christmas, 1882. It was the time of the Great Musical Festival. Eighty-four gentlemen became guarantors against IOBB to the extent of .£25 each, and the hugo undertaking was launched. Chief Justice Stawell was president of a big committee, broken up into sub-com- mittees; and Lady Stawell began, and Madame Lucy Chambers ended, a ladies' eommittoo of 40 members. The Festival choir comprised 419 eoprani, 174 alti, 140 boys, 177 tenori, 204 bassi-1,114 voices in alii The orchestra numbered 22 first vio- lins, 25 second, 15 violaB, 10 violoncellos, 11 D basses. 5 flutes, 6 clarionettes, 2 oboes, 8 bassons, 5 horns, 3 trumpets, 2 cornets, 4 trombones, 1 tuba, 8 drums, and 3 harps 190 instruments I And, then, the glorious work« performed - "Eli," "Messiah," Plumpton'! "Endymion," -Elsasser's "Seng of Praise," Beethoven's Stn «boral arm phony, the third act of "Tannhaaser," "Israel in Egypt," and the rest. As to the performers-well, the whole nusical world of Melbourne was assembled in the Exhibition-building. That was poetry and music : early next | year the building will be given up to prose! There will be a Great Political Festival, in which the star artists will be men like Alfred Deakin, Edmund Barton (called by his familiars "Toby"), Henry Dobson, and a lot more, equally well known to fame. Sir George Bowen was fond of quoting poetry, and every placo ho visited he discerned beauties which no one had noticed before. Could he havo known that, on that afternoon in Febru- ary '70, he was laying the first stone of the Federal Parliament house of Austialia, how the muses would have inspired him, and the gods have given honey to his tongue! He died the other day, without knowing it! There are some notable houses around Carlton Gardens. There's the huge Queen's Coffee Palace, built in the boom tuno, and where a cup of coffee has never been made or drunk. Professor Marshall Hall made a portion of it his conserva- torium. A little higher up, a successful undertaker has built a mansion which, willi nonio sentiment, he has called "Ophe- lia House"-in allusion to that famous funeral in "Hamlet" With awful Bug gostivonoss, that undertakers name is "Raven." Further on, is the ancient resi- dence of the gay bachelor, Sir Redmond Barry-which, by a droll freak of fortune, is now inhabited by childien. It is the Children's Hospital. Next comes a grand new chuich, which you leave with a pam in the neck-the penalty of viewing some fine works of art on canvas in the roof. On the north side is a house with which is as- sociated a good political joke. The present Speaker of the Victorian Assembly, Mr. F. C Mason, once lived there with his Ho- bart wife, and thither, when a certain new Ministiy was being formed, his bosom chum sent a bogus invitation to Mason, from the man who had been "sent for," to join the "new team." Mr. Mason called a cab, and saw the new Premier within ten minutes. Suffice it to say that Mr. Mason has never been in any Ministry. "Royal Terrace," on the east side, has been the residence of many notabilities-such as Mr. R. D. Ireland, Q.C., the famous bar- rister, and Mr. G. P. Smith, another well known lawyer and politician. Mr. Smith was a principal in one of some tragedies of which the Carlton Gar- dens have been the scene. Somewhere away in the sixties, Smith was passing along by the gardens, at the Latrobe-street end, one afternoon, on his way to the Par- liament House, when he was met by a follow-barrister named Gerald Henry Supple, who presented a revolver at him. Supple was near-sighted, and slow in his movements, and a man named John Ses- nan Walshe, a retired detective, who then kept a pubic-house hard-by, sprang upon Supple, and came to the ground with him. By accident or design, Supple's revolver went off, and wounded Walshe in the ab domen, and the brave fellow died in the hospital a few days after. Supple fired a shot before he was seized by Walshe, but it was badly directed, and inflicted but a slight wound on one of Smith's arms Supple and Smith had both been members of the "Argus" staff, and the former (who was eccentric) imagined that he had suf- fered some wrong in his new professional capacity at the hands of Smith. Mr. George Higinbotham - who had been editor of the "Argus"-volunteered to de- fend Supple at his trial, but the latter was convicted, and sentenced to death. His friends look some steps to appeal to the Privy Council, but, for some reason or other, the appeal was never sent Home. Then, the Government had not the heart to hang Supple in cold blood, and he was sent to Pentridge for life. In a few years G. P. Smith died, and Supple was released and went to New Zealand, where he died the other day, while editing a newspaper. Another tregedy oconnell within the Cm Hon Gardens a few months ago. A de- tective, attempted to arrest a man in the gardens, when the criminal fird at tho officer, who is now l}ing in deadly danger. Even tho personality of the man who filed -and escaped-is unknow n I Uvod a couple of yoais on the cast s'do of Callion Gaulons, and doling that time one small ciicumstanco was a Boureo of perennial amusemont to me. Half the roadway bdlongod to the Fitzroy Council, the other half to the Melbourne Council. They could never come to an anai cement about watering Nicholson- street, which is a main thoroughfare, and befoie the ti ani- line was made, was ona of the dustiest about the city But, every morning, the Fitzroy watenng cart made its appear nnce, and sprinkled exactly one half the road. If the day was windy and dusty, you saw the clouds of dust careering moi nl} along the gardens' side of the road, while the dust on the Fitzroy side was laid and dead Let us hopo tho Councils will hold n con- vention, and arrange for watering Nichol- son-street whilo tho Todeial Parliament sits ' _ 