CURRENT TOPICS. {By Astar.) Once on a, .time we had a debating society in J3»yi apd it« those days our young men leSrneUliow t'^cniifiuct them selves at obnYmittee meetings and also Rt public me. tings. Now we have no society of the kind, and. *uo6t.r.peopie'8 ideos of huw maetinus nre cnndiif-r,-d-4iave ruu to seed, nnd it IB no wonder ot suras meet ings . the chairman hears ear- splitting frantic efforts on the part of some who desire t-i move ,or rescind H» tions con triiry to nil rules, psst, present or prospec tive, and then they blame tbe unfortunate chairman's obtuseneri, There ? is a pro verb which says. ' That speech is silver, silence is golden'-; but strange t;i say in Hay the precious metal is despised, and the baser kind is triumphant. Ii was ever thus, that the man who knows the least says tho most. If this were not bo, few would know be lived and fewer would regret hit demise. But to enme back t» the starting paint. It is lament ible the omnunt of technical knowledge that is lacking, because our young men won't be taught t!ie important fact that other people know s little as well as themselves. They have never lean.t hoir to put a uictinn, or how one should be rescinded, and there fore they think they know all nbuut it Let them read that pqpni by Burns with theBB words io itj- aid^tSvill Botbem eood — 'Oh_lha.t the gift ihe. .gods would gie ue,to see ourselves as others see us. '*£*.. At the Waraogesds Mission station 'spirit*' have been making manifesta tions. The correspondent wuomakts this stitement ears there are no ghosts there, and they don't want one. Of course there would be no ghosts there, because fio in habitants are mostly black, and black gho6ts are as rare as sovereigns are here. It is stated that a coi.tinunus tap, tap, tnp is heard in a certain direction nut faraway from the mission, end has been re peatedly heard hy severnl, and every attempt st sulutinn hns failed. It is sin gular that ' tapping' should have been heard lately at nnotber mission — that near Darlington Point. The lutter has been explained, and no doubt that at Waran gestia could ton, if the sonio steps were tiken. At the Darlington Mission the tappers have been lapped — one to the tune of a-nioiith in gaol, and tha other to take hfs trial. They iBpped at the girls' wiu dotr, nnd one fell into the arms of the manager. It is tnnft likely that the same explanation would ho found with regard to the Wurangeada tapping case, if it were not that the people there aresuperstitious, and when the tapping is going (in, they bide their heads beneath the blankets. +** A person who had jurt come from Syd ney was talking to a persun he knew, when a cmiple if others came up, and the stranger related how he bad been all through the infested paits of Sydney and bad tut caught tbe plugue. O;ie of the two lute corners was seen 1 1 be ndgeltiog abont and seemed uncomfortable. And at last be looked at his natch, and remem bered that he had an appointment that muBt be kept, nnd he walked away. In the evening the two friends met, and the one who remained talking to the Sydney mnn asked his friend why he cleared so abruptly, when he replied 'I could stand it no lonaer ; if I bad remained half an hour long r, I alioulSfcyi' had the plague for I felt all over creepyiike.' I should nol mind undertaking Ihe t-sk of nursing this individual if he got the much talked of plague, ab it -TOuld not be a long joli, for he would be sure to die of fright lief,,re the plague had time In kill him It is evident scare has a grent, deil to do with diseases like Ihe plngue, * * * Itnte show a rising market in Sydney, as the price has g'-ne up to sixpence a head. This is in keeping with other ani mate, as all kinds of stock ore higher in price. Large stock in consequence of the rain, and r«tJ because of the reign of terror ciused by the plague. Although the price of rats hASgnne up, they will be as hard t-j conquer SB the wiley 13--er, The rat business is somewhat dull, but nne fair sized order was placed at the Council Chambers laet week, when fourteen rat lines came from a breeding establishment in Lichlnn-atrett. Foit.inately fleas are scarcer than rats in Bar, but if any one should hy chnnce he bitten by one of these deadly insects, I would advise him Io «L once call in the doctor. The links in the plague chnio may thue be defined : — This is a man that n-nikcd at a tip, Tht.tkis»ed neirl with a broken lip, Thatnta a banana nice nnd green. That was sold by a Syrian moat unclean, That was hit by a d..g, That worried a cat, That killed a rat. That harbored o flea. With plague bacilli. In the ssnit'ry cily of Syduey. The Hospital Fete delegates made a gotd fight to git a refreshment bonth put op in the Dark, but thev Hid nnt snrr-aaA u. cause the C luncil was afraid gume one might play leap frog over it when i ot in use and meet willi an acciden1. The Coun cil ol the present lime isasdry ns a speyed cow. hut it will be a veritable land of milk and honey when i: gels all that money from the AM. P. I quite agree with there murk made by one alderman that the Council should make some provision for spnri. Well, one way of doing it would be to try tn make the1 meetings a little more lively-, for as the nitfhts are getting colder, it wil] hive to be something good t-- draw the usual outside audience in listen to aiaermanic oritoncnl displays. There will be plenty of spntt amnngst the ratepayers when the rate collector goes round, but it won't he of the kind seen in tbe park, and he won't be invited to lake refreshments by many of them I fail to see the difference beliruen voting the Mayor L4 4s for the fits and putting op a bonth, as the gift will lie no use to those who use the park, in fulure, but the booth would, A report has been goinc the rnonds for tome time (hat our quandom member Mr Aohton, h»d been 'fiered the position of oneof the members of the Civil Service Board. This report wab pooh-poohed by a good many, but all the en me the offer was made to Mr Asbtnn by Mr Wise, and is still open. Well, James, this U a high compliment to you, and though the salary is only a thousand n year, you might do worse than accept it, Politics, like cricket is a varying game, up to-day, down in tbe popular scale to morrow. The politician tlict is at a premium. one day often finds a slump, of 60 per cent ihe next. Take my «dviae, James, accept tlie billet, you will find it much be-fcer than Doing in Parlia ment at present as you will have more lime tn prepare for that other law exami nntifin. The offer shows that yon are etill held in es'eem by m*n tvho are able to jttdjp; %ni t'fi offer it » frfy}' PPffpliwest to your ability and honesty, besides which tbe board requires cow blood and modern idesa, V A good many et -ries about Kruger have been published. Shortly after the war started Paul is said to hare wired to his grandson in Londou — ' Another detach ment of British has arrived, is London empty yet ?' Tho young man wired back : ' London as full as ever 1' Snme time later there was another wire : '' More English pouring in. See if there are any left in Liverpool.' The young Kruger travelled t- Liverpool, end wired from there ; '? No difference in Liverpool — still quite full ' After this there was a pause for a few weeks, and then another cable was received by the grandson to tha effect that thousands morn of the British had arrived, and asking him to go to Cornwall, and sea if that d strict was drained of men. The youthful Boer went to Cornwall, saw men being hauled up from coal pits, and hnsiily rabled t- Krnger : 'Stop tlie war! These English are getting men up from hell I' 