ENGLISH CRICKET NOTES. I (Fi'om our own Correspondent) LONDON, June 12. n.'i)>jit»inl)ji is fast playing himself into form, lor on) Saturday lie followed up innings of ;>7 and 127 against Gloucestershire with 222 against So mersetshire, . these consecutive performances bring ing hi'ii with a bound up to tin- top of the batting averages (of those who have played 10 innings) with 80.55 runs per innings-jvint a fraction in front of Ua.vward (80.00). In the match in ques 1 ion Somerset started with 377, of which Sammy Sonde's 148 was the main item; but- this score was completely thrown in the shade li,v tlie 520 of 8us si;v, in wlijch "UaujiV 222 was supplemented by 127 from liillick. Somerset made a poor show ill their twynd innings, ilosi'il for 150, and Su-M'A won easily by 10 wickets. Aiioilii'r match provided a couple of ihree-flgure innings on one side, <!. Hohson and H. M. Nprot scoring 101 and 1/3 (not out) for Hampshire aprniust Warwickshire, each batsman thus making his first century for his county. The batting all round iu the match was. too good .for. a finish to be arrived at, and it had to l>e abandoned as a draw. Yorkshire scored an unexpectedly easy win over Leicestershire, for though leading by only 7y on an innings each, the Tykes sent the Leicester mem back for 'J3 on facing.tiiein * second time, and won by 10 wickets, ltaigh captured 7 wickets for 77 innB, Rhodes 6 for 78, Smith 4 for 62, Waimvi jght 2 for 22, and Hirst .1 for 1. Worcestershire fell very easy victims to Kent in a match that "rain interfered with a good deal, be sides4&t;<ping the scoring down. Only 317 runs were scored in all, yet that, sufleed to give the hop county the victory by 10 wickets, Blvtho, Mason (6 wickets tor 43 runs), ami ilearne howling in deadly fashion. Kssex put UJI a good first innings! of Sfi!) against Lancashire, eight . batsmen getting into double tltfurcF, hut when the latter county had got to 256 for 7 wickcts rain stepped in anil made »' draw ol a promising' gaiiic. Surrey yesterday sustained' defeat for the second tune this season, this being at the hands of So mersetshire, an old-antagonist tliat: has- often prov ed a thorn in its side.- The winners certainly had an advantage in batting first on a good wicket 1 ,\'ci "Poifcd for Surrey, while Abel was un able to play fov the latter; but great credit must be given to Kobson, one of Somerset's profes sionals, who, by scoring 104 in bis Ride's eecond innings and by taking 5 Surrey wickets for 20 runs, went a long way towards gaining the victory for Somerset. Tyler and Lewis also bowled well for the losers. Another "metropolitan couni v, Middlesex to wit, eainc to Brief on the same day, Notts gaining a decisive victory by 6 wickets. The lace" county started off with 377, nine of this Bide scoring double figures, and Middlesex doing no better than 11U and 200 left Notts an easy task to win. Wass and ,1. Gunn bowled well for the victors, while for Middlesex Albert Trott hit up 20 and 65, but took only 3 wickets for 84 runs. Tiie Vest Indian team commcnecd their tour at the Crystal Palace on Monday, playing against the London County Club, for whom w. G. Grace had jgot. together a fairly strong team, including hinisejf, who made ?l in good style, J. R. Mason (120), H. Parkes (106 not out), J. Oilman (63), and W. L. Murdoch (23), Others of the side bat ted well, and the total of the innings readied 638. The bowling of the West Indians, four or five of whom nre "darkies," seemed fairly simple, being straight though of good length. In batting some of them showed very good form, 1'. A. Goodman (74), P. Cox (53), and Woods (36), especially, but as their two innings realized only 237 and 103 they suffered a severe defeat. This they took in good part, however, saying that they ' had come to this country on purpose to learn some points about t he game. "Rnnji" continues to go the pace, he on Monday nniiuai(5 up the (iiit? score of 215 not out against Cambridge University, and enabling his. county to win by an innings and H'J runs. "BanjiV average is now 100.44 per innings. * Lancashire, Sussex, and Yorkshire now tie for first place in the championship, none of the three counties having lost a match, and thus having a full lOU.per cent, of points. Notts comes next with 110.00, having won four matches and lost 1; then Essex with 60.00 (3 wins and 1 loss), Surrey 45.85 (5 wins and 2 losses), Kent and Warwick shire each 33.33 (2 wins and 1 loss). P. S. Jackson, the famous Yorkshire amateur firieketcr, now serving at the front, is now in liospit.nl near luoonstad, laid by the heels by ty phoid fever. A. E. Trott a day or two ago temporarily emerg ed from the cloud which lias persistently enshroud ed him as a cricketer during the present season. In a second innings against Notts lie made a desperate attempt to save his clul) against impend ing defeat, and rattled up 05 runs in as many minutes without giving the ghost ot a chance. One ball honied to him hy John (Jnnn was lifted out of the ground at Lonlr, and fell on to a cart stand ing in front of Lords Tavern. For this he scored six, but. after all his club was worsted1 by half a dozen wickets. Yesterday, in a- match against (Jhvmx-ster, ttie former Victorian compiled 112 runs out ot a total of 291. Roche has been doing good work with the ball, both for Middlesex and the M.C'.C. 1.ON HON. .Tune 22. Surrey cricketers invariably get a bad time at one time or another during the season, and this year it has eome early, tile rainy weather seem Ing to have knocked them all to pieces, following on their defeats by ICssex and Somersetshire cornea a further set-hack at the hands of Lancashire, who with such low scoring as 141 and 31 for 2 wickets gained an S-wickct victoiy over the champions. S. Webb, who used to play tor Middlesex, bowled with extraordinary success lor the winners, taking 11 wickets for 0!) runs. Bwe.v v. Yojfcbjre has often furnished a keen struggle, and when on I'Yida.v an innings each had been completed-for 132 and 152 a good finish was looked for. The Kssex men, however, made only 720 in their second innings, and the 102 Yorkshire required to win were hit off for the Joss of 4 rickets. Rhodes and the younger Brown were the winners' most destructive bowlers, the for mer taking !) wickets for 78 runs, the latter 7 for 7:1 Kortiighf was in great form for Esses, 10 York shire wickets falling to him for 100 runs. During (he last few days we have had a plethora of lain, and scarcely anything lint drawn games has to be i-ecwrded. Some marvellously big hitting has, however, been gone in for by Albert Trott, ( "Ranji." and A. Ij. Jessop, but mostly without giv ing finality to their matches. ' 