The Storyteller. THE RECTOR'S DAUGHTER (Continued from Wedncsday*e issue.y ' CHAPTER IU. — {Continued.) ' Weli, yes/' he saygallast, ^ith a suggestive glance at his nether garments, and a pinch of bis short, orisp locks tbat sends a small Niagara rippling down over faoe and neck ; ** 1 * cfuite agree with you. I think it was raibcr good of roe io incur eo much discomfort for saQp^Jt^ery' worthless object. And the question.^ i&at; is to be done with the little wretch nowiffe saved ? Don't you think 1 had better tiea stone to its neck, and drop it into the river, and so make an end of its misery and our trouble together.?.' 'Oh! no; pray don't do that-!' 'exalainis ' 'Miss Dorn, in affright, ' Give it to me ; I will gladly take charge of it,' sne adds, extending her arms tor the wet, shivering mite. ' I would not have it killed for tbe world, especially after all it has undergone, and you having risked your life to save it.' ' My life /'he repeats, and there is something in tbe'short, surprised laugh which accompanies the words that strikes on Josie's ear with a sort of jar, under which she stiffens visibly. il Why, you don't mean to tell me that you really thought it anything so desperate as that?' he .asks, an amused light in the warm, brown eyes with which be is studying tbe grave, perplexed young face of the girl, who, taking her handkerchief to the wet, shivering little animal in her arms, is doing her best to rub it dry. ' You might have been drowned,' Miss Dorn returns, rather icily, by no means relishing the tone tbe stranger seems bent on giving the affair, remembering, as she does, all the agony of terror she has endured on hie account. ''The Gline is very deep, and dangerous in places, particularly when swollen by recent tttins, as now.' ' I need not ask if you are a resident in these parts,' the gentleman remarks, patting the neck of the borse that comes quietly to his side. *' On other and general subjects I've not a doubt but what the good people ot Uyehurst entertain as many and diverse opinions as other folks; but there is one subject on which they are evidently agreed— that the Gline is a deep and mighty river! I've knocked about on a good many rivers and lakes in my time, including the Danube, St. Lawrence, and the Mississippi, but I never found such unanimity of opinion con cerning the magnitude of those mighty bodies of water as seem to prevail in Liyehurst concern ing this muddy ditch called the Gline.' 'And yet people have been drowned, and great damage done by it before now. when it overflowed its banks, for all your laughing at it,' the younc lady contends, by no means wiP' j to'have her romance bo cruelly spoiled. j ' can make just as light of tbe matter as he pieces, she decides ; laugh at the poor old Gline, and underrate Vhedanger he has incurred: but Josie has her owa opinion about it, after all, and means to keep it, coo ! Sbe does not for one moment believe but that hebasbeen in peril, and that it is simply modesty that induces him to try and make Jiglt of it. All good, brave men are modest j and the man who would risk his life or even a wetting, ii it comes to that— on a cold November day like this for the sake o( a poor, abvurd little animal, must be a good brave man. ' I am afraid, if you have far to yo with your protege, you will find cause to regret your good nature before you get home, flad yoa not better let me carry it for you ?' the gentleman inquires. 41 Thanks, no. The poor little creature is no trouble to me ; besides, 1 thin* you have suffered enough in its cause already, ' nhe replies, with a furtive glancc at the speaker's wet garments, to which he appears so calmly indifferent 'At all events, you bad better allow me to be your escort, then,' he persists. ?' It is getting late and, judging from the performance of those amiable louts whom you so valiantly put to the rout just now, this is hardly the most chivalrous neighbourhood for a young lady to wand .r about alone in after dark.' ' Thank you, it Js tjuite unnecessary,'.' Josie replies, her colour rising at the thought of the 6trangers having been a witness of the fracas between herself and the kitten's persecutor's ; ' no one will barm rne I assure you. Some of tbe village Jads are f-tupid and loutish, it is true, but it arises more from ignorance than want of feeling, and I am not in the least afraid of them.' ' That I can well believe,' he returns, an amused smile in the grave, sympathetic brown eyes. Whatever might be said of his other features, Miss Dorn decides, his eyes are hand some at all events. *' 1 heard the setting down you gave them just now,' he adds : and I must say you we^e toevaMy hard upon ihem.' ' Harder than they deserved?' sin; inquires. 14 And ui you were near enough to overhear what happened, I am surprised that you did not think it worth your while to come forward and give them me horsewhipping they so well de served ?' vl What would have been the use? 13r*sides, I bore in mind tbe fact of which you have just reminded me— they know no better! And all I have to say is, tbat if, after the selling dowu you gave theui, they can come up to time, why I let them go and prosper! But if you will not permit me to tee you safely home, I will wish you good evening.' And mounting into his saddle, the stranger lifts hi? hat with an easy, careless gr.ice thai is widely different irora any thing of the kind Josie has ever seen in Rye burst, and without further remark rides o(!'. Fifteen minutes, or rather less, brings her to the parsonage gates, and Josie, laying her hand on the latch, is astonished on glancing down the road, up which she lias come, to heboid the out line of the stranger .and his horse, looming dimly up through the foggy tw, light about a hundred yards further off. He has followed her after all then, it seems, Bbc thinks, utterly unable to make up her mind whether to feel most gratified or displeased at the attentio n Was it for ihc sake of her safety, or his own curiosity? she wonders, a?, entering the garden, she closes the ^ate with the mischievously grati fied reflection that if liiis las: was his object, he has had his trouble for nothing. She can scarcely distinguish him through the mist aud twilight, standing as lie does in the open road ; and she is quite certain that he can* not see her and where saegoeF. sheltered as elie 19 by the dark hedges and overhanging trees; and the next moment as she slips behind a tree, there comes the quick thud of hoofs, and the stranger, unconscious of the pair or dark eyes watching htm mischievously from behind a thick Jiolly-bush in the parsonage garden gallupn past. Leaving her new acquisition to the care of Cook, and the enjoyment of the kitchen fire and a saucer of milk, Josie runs up to her room to change her drc**, which, taken altogether, has suffered considerably in the course of her after noon's adventure.. She would have fuund it hart5 to -?spiain the why or wheufure: but she has som-i vague, un« ; comfortable sort of premonition that something i will come of Sins adventure of hers ; and* with | the beautilul consistency of human nature, Mia-i : Josie Dorn. who, an hour or two ago, was wish ing with all her might for something to happen, is half inclined to wish thai she had not gene out and me' ».h« stranger this afternoon. Yet what c m it nutter either way her having met him ?--u man olie ia never likely to see again. Yet even if she never does, ehe shall always be grateful to him for the proof he has given her tbat courage and gentlenebs c-in together in real life as w^ll as in novels. Almost grateful enough to totgive his impudence in laughing at ber and the poor old Gline ; and he did laugh at her ; aud being laughed at, to tell the truth, is rather a novjl espcrieneii to tbe youngest Miss Dorn. CHAPTLll IV. 'Papa, did ycu call on the new tenant of the Best to-day ?' iiniuirrs Mi*:» Emily Dorn over the daintily-spread U-a-Libk at ibe parsonage one evening a few weeks after Josie's adventure on the river lank. ' Well, no, my dear ; I am sorry to say I did not.' And Mr. Dora who has been elevated to the seventh heaven of bappinesR to-dsy hy a presentation from some of bis fellow members of the Archaeological Society of a very valuable addition to his much-cherished antiquarian col lection in the shape of A wpuilerful old Roman vase, tbat looks to eommoh eyes . surprisingly » like a piece -ct 'worthies* old pottery, beams up- through ' iiia cWa^V^l!arical,;k]Rc^;rimmed spectacles with very .mifch the atroffciTian who has'^b^onghtjdoSv^ fromeeraphlc beights to ve^lnundane^^tera indeed. 'f/Jr^fret to say ?I ^dfloj^'V^e ^peats inifchat tjcb.^parfectly motolfttea ' sotoe ;wbieV^h6rv«ev.^Pi^eriok porn's . admirers lament is so seldom to be lieard^rom iris pulpit nowadays. in- tended to have done so,' be adds; 'but the fact is I havevbeen so/much engpgedf;,VI am afraid I bave been rather remiss, but I will en deavour to repair the omission pr next Say ; or, at all events, I will get Mr.- Muir t© call npon him for me.' ( 1 / ' ' A trifling Remark; but to fcnybire avail' well versed in tbe 'study of human nature it 'will afford a tolerably shrewft instfelitlnto the charac ter of the Bev. Frederick Dorn, who, spite of bis high intellect and extreme culture, is yet, and has been all his life, as pitifully weak and inlirm of purpose a9 hia attainments' are great. A man of whom it has truthfully been said, that he never by any possibility did to-day what o.ould be put off until to-morrow ; and who, with the growing infirmities or age and ill health, is developing such ' an increasing fondness for study and retirement that nearly the whole of his social as well as bis clerical duties have de volved, upon hiscuratn, the Jiev, James Muir, a mild-looking young man, with a drab face. and colourless hair'&nd; whisker?, who looks as if he were bom to be cowed, and who as Jo6ie con temptuously declares, has hardly as much pluck as a caterpillar, and rot enough snap in him to resent it if yon sat upen him. The description is not complimentary - I am sorry to say Miss Josie's comments on her sisters' suitors seldom are— but one glance at the sloping forehead, retreating chin, and blank, watery blue eyes of poor apologetic, meek spirited James Muir, and one feels an irresistible desire to endorse it But Mr. Dorn, who never listens to anybody's remarks about his curate, except Josie'b, is fully aware how impossible it would be for htm to find a more useful or long- suffering assistant than poor Jam^s Muir. wh--se leading charac teristics area mi!d tendency towards Gothic architecture, high church formalism, and an intense admir.ition and reverence for himself ; partly because he is his rector, and partly be cause he is the father of Miss Emily Dorn, of whose dull, ccmmon-ptace facc he is desperately enamoured, and to whom he is engaged to be married; not, it must be admitted, with the entire approbation of the lady's father, for, although one of the most dreamy and imprac ticable of men, it doe§ sometimes occur to the Bev. Frederick Dorn that he should prefer a richer man than poor James Muir in the charac ter of his future son-in-law. 'The new tenant of the llest?' Josie re marks, and who, with her special pet, a hand some young black cat, that looks very little like the half-drowned kitten to whom she owes the one adventure of her lif*\ perched in dignity upon her shoulder, looks up in surprise at the remark. *' I had no idea anyone lived there. You don't me.m to say that anybody has been mad enough to jjo and take up their quarters under that damp and ghost-haunted roof?' It is one of the speaker's peculiarities that she is always about the last to hear any little gossip goinp the round of the place--a species of infor/naiion »v;th which h^r sisters are generally au/-uf : but it certainly is strange that she should have heard nothing of tho sur prising piece of intelligence that is exciting so much gossip and speculation in Byehurst just now - the news that the dismal old hou.«e, known as St. Cuthhert's B^st. after more than twenty years' abandonment to the mildew and bats, has found a tenant. An old hnu^c ih it belonged, in former times, as everybody is aware, to the great county family of Fordyce, and that was built in the reign of the first Edward by St. Cuthbert, the founder of the rnce, on his return from the Scottish wars on a g«-ant of land from the king. A modest structure enough originally, but so added to, improved, and beautified by the long , line of Fordyces, through whose bands it passed, that it came in time to be looked upon as the I pride and boast, not only of the family who I owned if, but of the whole county. ; But dark days of trouble and misfortune came ' at last for the family at the llest. One repre- : sentative of the name met with reverses, an I 1 other squandered its revenues, until the time : came when the st te and grandeur once main tained at the old liou-e was a tradition of the past. Bit by bit the broad lands, and even the noble park, with the line timber that wooded it, dwindled away, until the old house was left standing in the midst of a few acres of ground, which, like the hon-'c itself, had long been fall ing into dilapidation and decay. And finally, eome twenty odd years since, even this lost re* remaining remnant ol the estate was brought under the auctioneer's hammer by the death of tbe last of the Fordyces, a weak-minded, dissi pated young man who, on attaining his majority, and finding himself heir to very little more than the family name and debt?, rushed into a career of extravagance that resulted at the end of a few years in a miserable climax of bankruptcy, dis honour, and suicide at one of the Ge'r-nan gambling spas. Into whose hands the old place really fell at the death of poor young Fordyce h-.s always re mained a mystery the most profound. One re port that gained credence at the time— although it has never been in any way authenticated — being that it was hought in by some remote branch of the Fordyce family living abroad; and for a long time after tbe traasfer of the propeity great expectations prevailed as to what the new owner of the llest would be like; and when he was coming to take up his residence there But one by one the years have slipped away, and very much to everyone's surprise the old house has remained tenantless and forsaken until about five weeks since, when to the conster nation of the pood people of Hyehurst, who had long since ceased to ^peak about him, it began to be understood that the master of the Best — whoever that mysterious person might bo— was coming to live there. For the first time in his life, Peter Willis, the a^ent who looked after the Best under the in structions of some London lawyers so far as the neglected, rattle-trap old plaae could be said to be looked after— suddenly found himself a person of the utmost consequence. It was surprising the number of people who had husinrss with Peter Willis, and who showed a disposition to draw him into confidential little cha(s, that somehow always veered round to the subject of the Best, and the report that it was actually going to be inhabited at last,1 An immense amount of strategy was wasted on Mr. Willis, for nothing above the bare fact already mentioned could he elicited. A naturally [ silent man, who never by any possibility used , two wovdri where one could sulHcn, or who spoke at nil when silence or a nod would do as. well, Peter Willis was about the last person in ex 1 Jritence likely to gossip about the affairs of his employers; but in this case his silence certainly arose as much from the fact that he had nothing to td] as much from any na ural reticence. It never occurred to his interrogators'; but the fact was, Petei Willis knew just as much about the owner of the li :st as they did, and no hiop», his utmost knowledge being confined to the information contained in a letter from the London lawyers, who simply wrote to inform him that Mr. Bobert Jonet, the present owner of St. Cuthbert's lien, would shortly arrive in England to take up his residence there. And the next thing, to everybody's astonish ment, and while exp^ctntion was still rife as to what sort of man this 3Zc. Uobert Jonct would turn out to be, whether he was young or old, married or single, and what amount of style he would keep up when he did come, it was briefly announced by the agent— whom, in spite of his silence and custiness, somebody undertook to interview on the subject that Mr. Jonet had artived, and taken up his quarters at tbe Ucst, just as it was— without -any preparation what ever having been made for-his reception. And beyond this, curiosity remained for a time unsatisfied. So many years had gone past since the old place was inhabited that the idea of anyone actually living there was quite an event in the quiet annals of Ryehurst ; and, as a i nailer of course, everybody was on the tenter hooks of anxiety to find out what the new-cumcr was like, whether he had any family, was rich or poor, interesting or uninteresting, and, in short, everything about biui. Aouriosty allayed wben it began t^^^nJeV^tool^m^ Mr. was a solitary mmjjrfhp bad jg&thg;? child, and- whol^^wWsehcld^ron^tei^f ^ono woman^hfrse name, ao far a^ could be made ^ JonGt himself even. In fact, take it altogether! I it is many along day. since ^Ryejuir&t; has .en joyed a sensation so profound has just been created' by tbe arrlv&t;^oi' ibk raa^etof the Best, and the mysterious woman ^h^ayelatfertB tirjiifi nobbdyWa djrt-B'hra&ia-; A^cgyfikJp fie) spi-pHse of^n^ffid ™nOyf Josie is calmly dhclaribg thi&to; bl tno^firat the 1 has beard of him. V ? 44 St. Cuthbert's Best inhabited !' she pur sues, unable to get over her astonishment at the tidings. ' What a strange thing for any one to come and live in that rattle^-tenpU&id; place after all these years of desertion una ftiV* use t And vpitjiQuti ^ny servant,^ you say ; and nobody * to'lfceejii bim !' company hut this Madame Flora. What is she like ! What is this Mr.Jon&t; like?' -ic That imprecisely what nobody can find oat,1'; replies Emily, who, being as much exercised in mind on the subject of this mysterious Mr. Jondt as the rest of the population of ^lyeh|irst,v is particularly anxious that Mr. Dorn should call there; not so much out of regard for the proprieties, if tbe truth be told, as in the hope of hearing something definite about the people whose proceedings are exciung so much atten tion. 4*' One tjii^g is dear,' site adds; 'he must bp a verf poorTOttn, or hi would never think of shutting himself up in that damp, mouldy old place without anything being done to it; and no one 'to wait upon him except this' one woman, . whoever she is n ' Either poor or eccentric, my dear,' James Muir interposes, with an admiring glance at bis beloved Emily, who, in spite of . her angular figure and expressionless face, is the v ry em bodiment of all womanly grace and loveliness to him. 'It is quite, possible that bis proceedings may arise from capricp,' Mr. Muir proceeds'/. ' There are some very singular people in the worth'; and from what littls -Peter Willis- says about him, it appears that Mr. Jon£t has a re markable fancy fcr solitude.' u He will have first-class opportunities for indulging it olt tbe Befit then,' Josie asserts, pulling tbe velvety ears of her pet ,so hard in hor abstraction, that he turns in d« fence, and claws her with such an amount of mock savagery in his outstretched claws and glaring green eyes that Mr. Muir, who sits near her, starts uo in a little paroxysm of terror from the possibility of his reach. (- That may be a mere impression of Peter Willis's,' Mr. Dorn remarks, as Jiis Mjursttb, feeling that he is somehow failing to distinguish himself with his usual brilliancy, sits down as suddenly as he got up, and subsides once m^re into silence and his pocket-handkerchief. 'At all events, it would be nn more than civil if some one were to call upon him, and, as I -shall be engaged to-morrow, if you happen to b'j passing that way, I wish you would try and bear it in mind, Mr. Muir. But what in the world was that?' and Mr. Dorn, in common with every body else present, looks up with un alarmed ex pression as the sound of a loud crash goes echo- . ing through the h-use from attic to basement (To ie cottfmucd in Wednesday'* ixsuc.) 