Notes from London. (From Our Special Representative.) . LONDON. Anril 6. ? This morning's papers announce that Mr Parker now 'candidly admits' his mission to be a failure. What else, it may be asked, could he do? He could not say that his mission was a success ; he could not .even allege that he had received the slightest encouragement from the Colonial Office, from the Aus tralian delegates, from the Press or from uie public. Certainly the Hon. H. G. Parsons, the misrepresentative of the goldfields, gave him and the hopeless 'Groper' cause indirect support, and the 'British Australasian' did its little best for the Forrest gang, but what could two such tiny voices do ? I have authority for saying that there 'never was the smallest shadow of an idea of giving in to the absurd demand of ' the minority of WQst Australia — the-- dele gates were solid as a rock uponthis, and Mr Chamberlain was certainly not in clined to attempt to. move them. _ Mr Parker, in spite of his associa tions, is no fool, and must have recog nised' a very few hours after .his .arrival in London that fiscal . freedom would have to be abandoned as the idlest of idle dreams. In his newspaper inter views he made a pretence of keeping, up a bold front, but persons reading be tween the lines saw evidence that a hew move was about to be made. One even ing there came a bolt from the blue in the shape of an announcement in 'St. Jaanes3 Gazette/'' a Tory organ which finds room. for. Mr Parkers anti Federation articles, that ' New Zealand had joined ' West ' Aus tralia in opposing the ' Common wealth Bill.. This .was, hcvwevpr, ' met with a prompt denial from Mr Reeves. ^Curiously enough, .Mr Parker, at once 'up'on this became (officially) an ardent E.ederationist, and has ever since been declaring that his Government are and always were in favor of the Bill. One might well say :— ? - It was all very well to dissemble your ?love, ? . ? ,? - ? But why did you kick me downstairs? What was the reason of the sudden conversion? It came out when Mr Parker, as a last resource, joined Mr Reeves in pressing for an alteration in the measure so that colonies coming in afterwards could join as original States. But it was no good — the delegates' again gave a point blank refusal, and that r.e fusal was endorsed by the Colonial Office. The 'No Appeal' difficulty was,~ in' a' great measure,' got over yesterday, -and the measure will be ready, bar acci dents, for introduction after the' Easter holidays: Will the' West Australian Go-' vemment come in at the last moment? In spite of the proverb which tells us that it is the unexpected. which happens there is a firm belief here that Sir John, ? notwithstanding his pledges to the con trary, will, with the fear of tlnse wretched Separationist agitators before his eyes, take the last step of his climb down, and announce that 'through love and affection' for Federation he will do his best to get the colony to join unitad Australia. But Kruger the Second may talk himself black in the face. ' Mr Par ker and Mr, Hackett, and 'Cursing Crowder,' and all the rest of the crowd can never retrieve their chief's reputa tion. ? , . ' ? All the king'.s horses and. all the' king's men ' ? '? ? Cannot put ,,Hqmp,tyvDumpty.J,tpgether. again. ?'??,????'-_ Englishmen 'do not ''as a rule 'know much about Australian 'politics, but 'they always put their tongue in their cheek when they hear the name of Sir John Forrest connected' in the remotest degree with the principle' -of political honesty. ' ? ' - The London oranch of .the.- Gold: .fields League is thoroughly organised, and is now awaiting developments. Meetings of the executive ai-e held four times a week..' ffhe committee watch, events as closely as ( a cat watches a mouse. On Monday -the following -ap- peared in the''Times:' from its Mel bourne correspondent : — 'Indignation is expressed on the goldfields of West Aus tralia at the action of .the- Governor), 'Sir Gerard Smith, in leaving -the Separa tion petition to .Ministerial considera tion. Counsel advise *that his action is unconstitutional; as 'the petition' should go direct to the Queen.' Before noon there was a deputation at 'the Colonial Office to know all about it, you know. The officials gave assurances that no' directions had been sent to Perth' and that the authorities here .were in no way responsible.'^. '- ???'..' '-'-'' 'v* 'Although the reception of the deputa tion was courteous in the extreme, still the information received was scarcely as ample as desired, and so Mr Hogan.put clown a question for. the'iollowing. even-* ing. On Tuesday the matter was ac cordingly brought before the House of Commons. ? The following is the 'Tirnes''report:':f-^ . -'..J. .*. .',..- [. Mr Hogan (Tipperary.Midj asked the Secretary of^State for the Colonies whe-' ther it was with the knowledge and Sanc tion of the Colonial -Office that the Go-,' vetnoir of Wpst, Australia, on sailing for England,- left the. petition to the Queen from the residents of the gold fields district for the consideration of local Ministers; and whether it was not the proper and' coiistituibnal course to transmit such petitions '.direct to 'lief. Majesty. .;?' .' ' ;?' V .'.' '. 'U. , ,'.. Mr. Chamberlain.:— I have, no .pfneiar information in regard ^tbj'th'e '..'petition: referred .to. The proper and' constitu- tional course in regard to all petitions from the self -governing, colonies'- .is, .for the Governor to submit 'them to ..his Ministers and forward them, to the Sec-, retary of State with. their remarks. . . There is nothing which angers ' the ola Westralian colony here more; than the friendly feeLing shown by almost all of the big dailies towards the Separation' movement. No doubt it' is very galling to find that 'the agitators' are' always certain of getting just- what' they 'choose in the best journals. . At the meeting of tffe executive yesterday a resolution was adopted congratulating the Prince of. Wales upon his escape at Brussels. 'The -Evening Standard,' 'The Globe,' 'The Westminster Gazette/' 'The Even ing News/'' 'The Star,' and dozens of other evening papers, both metropoli tan and provincial, published the ' fol lowing, under the heading, 'Australian Congratulations' :— 'This' morning at a meeting at the Hotel Cecil of the Lon don executive of the West Australian Goldfields Reform League,1 it was moved that a telegram of congratulation be sent to his Royal Highness the ? Prince of Wales. The motion was seconded and unanimously carried.' ' The advice of 'Punch' to 'those about to get married is well known. ' My ad vice to those about to go to the: Paris Exhibition has .a. little addition to the famous 'Don't!' From a friend who has just come over from the Gay City -I learn- that there seems' no earthly chance of the Metropolitan being finish ed until late in the summer, and the new Gai;e d' Orleans is hopelessly be hindhand. As to the paths, they are in a 'state of chaos, and 'on some of the lawns the grass seds have not ; yet been sown. It will be about' the end 'of June- before it will be worth 'anyone's while -to cross the channel to see the Exhibition' arits best/ and' then it will certainly be a spectacle never to' be forgotten. But the; cost!.. The epeher is already demanding a franc as'apour boire, instead of the regulation 2j_d; bread1 and coals 'are increased, in price for.: no earthly reason- and .even .the gentle barber has changed his .price for a .shave. . One journal that has. been interviewing different folk on this aug mented . price has struck 'against ~. a positive gem of French patriotism who runs a restaurant of a cheap, order near, the Exhibition grounds'.' 'No,' says _he, 'I will not change my prices, but I -will avenge Fashoda and Metz. When 'the English and ' Germans, ' who will be tempted by the small prices I charge for a four-course - luncheon, come,' T shall pretend''' that' '' certain dishes -are off, and then I will fix, my own price for the supplement.' ? Martin Power, the Australian .light weight jockey who arrived here recently, has received offers from various ' Eng lish stables. He is waiting advices from West Australia before' making. his' ar rangements. Mr. -.Percy Hunter, of the ' Sydney 'Daily Telegraph,' and __whose name is well known amongst Australian1 cyclists, is acting as ? secretary to'Mr. Barton in London. , . . ?Capta-in Matthews, of Kalgoorhe, is amongst the latest arrivals here. The Rev. Dj\ Tofra'n'ce, incumbent, for many years,' of Holy Trinity Church, Balaclava, Melbourne,- has decided not to- return to the, colonies. ' He vull settle down in 'Ireland.1' ''' ? ~-\ Great- news for the Johnnies. The complete company from, tlie Gaiety Theatre is going , to Australia. ..The. tour will be ah extended one, as it is to last while the Strand house is being re built. ? .. It wa^ very sad. - Mr. WittenoonV in vited a representative company to wit ness- on ! Tuesday the unpacking .of a consignment' of fresh fruit from Grop'er land. * ' The sins of the Ministry seemed to be upon the parcel^ for when it was ?opened seven-eighths of its contents (grapes and pears) were found to be rotten. ' ' There-, were three cases of apples, and some of these were in good condition. Mr. Richard Hoffman, a prominent figure in the London mining., world, leaves here .in a few days. for the gold; ?fiejds: ? ' He has large interests in. the White Feather Main Reef, the Cosmo politan, the Bellevue, and Lindsays. ? Mr.- A. F. .Calyert's affairs are still before the' Bankruptcy -Qpurt. This gentleman wrote to the 'Morning Post' some little time ago, opposing Separa tion in the interests of the capitalists.. Mr W. M. Tomkins, secretary here of the--London Bank of Australasia. (Ltd.), retires to-morrow, after 46 years' ser vice.-- He is to be succeeded .by Mr. F. J. Curtis, who, previous to his transfer as accountant to the London office, was, for many years, a branch manager .of the bank in Australia.. ... . I .,..', Mr. W. Griffiths, M.P., is, in spite. of having much private work on hand, having a good (time. ., With, the dele gates from the eastern, colonies he was entertained at dinner on Tuesday even ing at the Chaiing Cross Hotel, by Mr.. Cosmo Bonsor,! M.P.- Later ,'on, the delegates attended a smoking, conceit given by tlie Australian. and New Zea land merchants and- shippers. Mr Grif fiths' diary is choked with social events, extcTrdin'g~bverpomcr weeks:'. '~ ' The Rev. Father1 O'Gorman is now settled in his nevv parish at Enfield. He speaks in glowing terms of the bes.uty of the place, ths lark singing' in . the .morning, the tress- just bursting put into 'bloom, etc.,' e'ti: ?'- But,' somehow, ;I of ten- think, that, with all their climatic disadvantages; lis heart is 'still in the goldfields.. .. j Mr. and Mrs.1 J.' Mallispn Williams, formerly of Kalgoorlie,' and 'now of Nel son, British Colambia, .are; at present on a visit to England.- -Mr. -Williams is a!well-know,n mining^manj arid 'was !oneN of. the earljr pioneers- of the Westralian 'goldfields. '' '|' -?--?- —r \ ? Mr. -John Hkward, Taylor,- iate of Coolgardie, 'and now' the owner of the famous '.elippci yaohtr 'Bona,' pur chased last year Irom 'the Duke of the Abruzzf, is 'enjoying a holiday, at Cannes. \-- Mr.- Charles j)unster, of West Austra lia,' , was' on Tjiesday.-last elected a Fellow of the EoyaLCplonial Institute. Professor .Pepper^' ..o'f ^Pep,per's Ghost' fame;: has' 'died 'in; poor4-' circumstances at Xeytonsfohe',' near: London. ^..It^rrfay Tpe ?rememb'eredL, thE^he'wenf.fro'm here to Australia; some] y ear sVr .ago ?}: with! '.his scheme;-iqr; creating ;Vaih- by:- throwing expi^ives^iritoithpc'lou'ds/'.. ? Later on ?he was.ipublic analyst.', at -Brisbane. H c realised7, ^isitxjoj. during'1 the first six months that:'hV; showed Pepper's Ghost in London;^--'' Th'at -is some 30 years a'o?.-, L - 