NOVEL. CAPTAIN MOLLY. By MART A. DENISOiST. CHAPTER XVI— (Continued.) 'There's not tho ghost of a chance. Now put on tlie tho hat,' said Molly, and then btood back, her head on one sido, her glance critical. . 'Try tlio bonnet,' sho went on, deftly . lifting the pretty triflo of silk and lace. 'Ah, that's it; that aigrette was just what was needed. My dear, I hope ho will see you. You've 110 idea bow pretty As the two girls left Paradise Plats that evening, thoy met Sebastian bringing baby Bassett home. The child's beautiful ? ; face lighted at sight of them, and, with a babe's quick, heavenly smile, he held out his little arms. Boino followed, very petite, bright and delicately fair in hor new muslin dress, which Molly had helpod hor to finish the day before. ' We've boen taking a long walk,' whis pered tho happy little wife and mother. ' He has not had a bad turn for a wholo week — and God bless you!' she cried ? ? softly from a full haart. CHAPTER XVII. \- IN THE RECTOB'S PEW. ; . In fine artristoeratic case. , The chapel was brilliantly lighted, the ' congregation largo. ' Molly and her friend wero given seats ' in the side that formed one wing of the chapel, and Ensign Harry shrank into tho corner of the pow, as far from tho glare of lights as possible. The chancel was decorated with flowers. ? ' On tho edge of the velvet-lined loctern . stood a vase of calla lilieB, every ono a perfect blossom, white, massive, and ?????'; ? ? fragrant. A young man clad in clerical robes came '. forward. . Molly felt hor dress grasped hard, and know that this was the Rev. Mi-. Flagler. She had no opportunity then to form any conclusions as to his appearance, for she felt the weight of Ensign Harry, and , foared that she had fainted. She turned. . The English girl, indeed, made no sign, . but Molly drew a little closer, obtained possession of her hand, and thus they sat, '' ' the one nerveless and constrained, the ' other striving to impart hor own strength to hoi- friond. In the rector's pew sat two women, ono the rectoi's wife, the other not so young, dressed in a tan colour silk and wool travelling dress, her bonnet nodding with tiny plumes, hor small hands exquisitely gloved, in one of them a prayer book bouud in old ivory. In her face thoro was ' lack of spiritual beauty, but tho correct .. classical outlines, the heavy .lidded blue eyes, and the faultless complexion be ♦ trayed a Saxon origin, and the *air aristocratic' breathed from all her move -? mentis. Molly's heart sank. She had sometimes resorted to tho chapel on Sunday evenings with Kussell St 'cy, and she knew which was the rectory pew. She said to her self, — : . ' That woman is rich, refined, well-born, and worldly, and sho is tho wife of Mr. flaglor.' And the expected lecture commenced. Tlio hand enclosed iu Molly's grasp grow cold as ico and then trembled violently. Smooth, eloquent, and versatile, tho ad . ,???-. dress moved on. The lecturer looked about him a good deal, a bold seif ; assertion in hi 3 glances — or so Molly ' thought. 'He is effeminate,' she mused. * That face, with the over-largo eyes, tlxo small mouth, tho florid complexion, and the ? ? . smooth expressionless forehead, ia not the face of a man willing, if need be, to tight ' tor tho truth. Prosperity is his God ; poverty would make hiin pusillanimous and a slave to tho groat. I don't like 1 him.' Hut now something unexpected hap pened. Tho man with his sweeping ' glances at last took in the pale, beautiful, serious face of Ensign Harry, framed in the dainty stylish hat, For ono second he turned white, swayed, and clutched at the ? lectern. Evorbody saw his agitation, everybody wondorod. Thon I10 took a glass of water, wet his parched lips, braced himsolf anew, and went) on with his woll-ordered address, ? but not once afterwards did his eyes wan der from tho written pago. . ')??? ? ' After all, ho must have lovod her/ t Molly said to herself, with a sad, forobod . ing heart. 1 Amid tho low, decorous, murmuring 1(1 swell of voicos that goes along tho aisle with tho people as thoy loavo tho temple, ? ono could hear tho comments of tho con gregation. ' Very nice,' said a lady near Molly, ?' who would havo screamed at the thought ; :? of touching olbows with a Salvationist. ' Quite eloquent. Did you soo tho lady iu tho rector's pow ? That is liis brido : this is thoir wedding trip. Sho iB vory rich, — indood, enormously wealthy, so I hear, — v- and a lady by title. Yes, I10 mado a vory lino matchj clergymen aro sometimes quito fortunate, don't you know ? Oh, r yes, a littlo older than he, I should thiuU But that bonnet — wasn't it a dream ? Well, she can afford it : sho has millions.' Ensign Harry clutchcd Molly's arm just thon. As they wont out of church it was quito late and vory dark. ' Don't spoak to 1110 ; don't, please, say a word,' tho English girl murmured al most convulsively. ' It is all ovor, and I — am punished.' And then, in less than a minuto afterwards, in a voice full of anguish. ' Why, don't you talk ? Oh, Molly, Molly, say somothing to comfort mo, or I shall go mad.' ' Lot all fail if heaven fail not,' Molly mado answer, in a soft, swoot voice. ' Oh, thank you, thank you,' tho girl spoke rapidly. * All has failed ! How do I know but heaven will? Oh, Molly, he saw mo !' sho gasped. ' Yos, I10 saw you, that was evident to me, and puzzling to tho congregation, no doubt,' Molly answerod, asking horaolf in silence what his wifo would bo likely to say to him about it. ' A mist camo over my eyes. Didn't ho stop ?' Harry asked. ' Ho not only stopped, but almost lost his wits. Somobody said coming out that it was spasms of tho heart : people always act that way from that causo.' ? The voyage of memory !' Ensign Harry murmured. ' Oh, no, I10 can't havo for gotten. And his face — what did you think of it? Ah mo, why do I ask ?' ' It was not the faco of a high-toned man — I mean in the best sense of the word. Ho likes good dinners and flattery in moderate doses. Ho couldn't preach for his life if he didn't writo his BOrmons.' * Oh, Molly ! is that your estimate of the man I love ?' She had not yet nerved herself to spoak of his wife. ' Of the man you did lovo,' said Molly. ' It is a sin to lovo him now that ho is married.' Ensign Harry was silont after that. ' Lot mo go into your room, dear,' she said, as they went upstairs together. She took off the pretty trifle of silk and feathers. As sho held out her hand, a far-away look in her face, a stirring blast came from a cornet, with the click of castanets and the roll of tho drum, as the men and women joined in singing ? Rescuo tho perishing.' Tlie Salvation section marched sturdily along in tho street below, on their way from somo gathering. Tears stood in Ensign Harry's oyos. ' Blessed little company !' she said, her voice trembling, 'humble, faithful, happy! Here, Molly ; thanks for your kindness, dear,' as she handed her the bonnet. ' I'll nover again take off the badge of my — liberty — wherewith Christ hath made me free.' CHAPTER XVIII. cousin Lucy's reign. Tho road to homo happiness lies over small stepping- stones. 'My dear Mot.t.v ? ' I saw you last night in St. Luke's Chapel, clothod and seemingly in your right mind. What does it mean ? Why wero you at the lecture delivered by tho celebrated English clergyman ? Are you coming back to tho faith? f -ust night you wero at home. It cannot be that yon prefer the slums ! Your cousin wishes you to return. She is .'onely (I don't re member that you ever considered it lonely here). I had a lottor from Russell Stacy. He was in Paris, — said nothing definite as to his return. ' Let me hear that you have come to your senses. Isn't there a commandment in some old book, 'Honour thy father and thy mother' ? To be sure it doesn't say obey, but I am old-fashioned enough to think that to a father obedience is due. However, I don't force you. If you won't leavo, stay till you tire of them or they tire of you. ' Your Father.' Molly had often writton to her father, but the banker had never answered her letters. This was the first written word she had received from him. The sight of Molly dressed as he had been wont to see her, so touched his exacting heart that this short note was tho result. Lucy, his neice, had boen for a time vory happy iu tho midst of all her finery. When first invited to become a habitant of her uncle's homo, her delight knew no bounds. The large, cool house, a parlour niiu uuuuuir socureu 10 nersell, seemed literally like paradise to her. To have her own maid, plenty of spending money, and a fine wardrobo, was as near being in a state of beatitude as sho could imagine. Molly's maid stayed on because sho was confident that Miss Stanley would come back some time. She could not endure that any one should take the place of her well-beloved young lady. ' Sho never gave herself no airs, she didn't,' muttered the girl. 'Anyone could see whioh was the lady.' Molly had declined more than half tho invitations she received to social gather ings. Lucy aoeepted every one with eagerness, Consequently she was some what faded that first winter, and her uncle often waited for her till the toast was cold. * My dear, Molly nover kept me waiting,' he said now and thon, and his very soul rebelled against the edict he had given that his daughter was not yet to oomo to the house. ' The littlo fool ! the littlo blank fool !' ho would mutter, between his teeth, only I lis profanity was very much more pro nounced. ' But she ia true grit;' and ho ended with a fit of admiration for her courage. Ho Beldoin went into sooiety, so ho heard but few of tho remarks of tho busybodies who pitied him and oondoinned Molly in the samo breath. Homo was not the same to him now. He was a proud man, and in his way very fond of Molly. Her stately beauty, — at least she seemed stately to him, though sho was by no means tall, — bar sweet good-morning kiss,— Lucy seldom kissed him, and he did not caro for her to do so, — her real lovo for him, for himself alone, — Lucy's face beamed only whon he gave h--r her allowance, — hor whole grnoious loveliness, in all home ministrations, were constantly in his memory. Lucy helped him on with his coat some times j oho kopt his dressing-gown aud slippers in the right place; Bhe tried to remember what made for his comfort; but was not always successful, Molly never forgot things. Her habits wero fixed. ' CHAPTER XIX. THE PROFESSOR'S VBKDICT. The meaning of harmony goes deep; The windows of Professor Andromos's musical conservatory wero open to tho soft breezes of tho oceau. The professor lived in an unfashionable qnartor of the city, but in sp;to of that he was tho musical lion of tho day. Everybody knew that he chose the place because of its beauty aud healthfulnesf-, to say nothing of the size of tho monster rooms. 'l'ha professor gave instruction only in piano aud violin. The latter instrument, | in his bauds, told wild storio3 of love ami romance, and I10 was daily petitioned by courtly dames to give lessons to thoir son's and daughters at fabulous rates. Opposite the house was an old- fashioned square, daintily laid out with flowering shrubs, troos, and Southern plant*. Iron , soats wrought into artistic patterns stood at various distanoos. O11 one of theso resting-places sat Nanny Gartia. Tho quivor of lato blossoms, sent dancing by the soft air, utirred her soul to melody. Her deoj;. lustrous, spiritual oyes moved delighted from one floral boauty to another. Nan was neatly dressod, yet boro tho impress of poverty iu somo curiously un defined way. Porhaps it was tho stamp that penury, suffering, and self-donial had left upon hor faco, and that clung to her person. Ilor hair, abundant, glossy, and care fully dressod, flowed in loose, short curls from under a prim littlo hat. Lying across her lap, tho groon baize bag in which sho carriod hor treasuro, liuld in placo by a shapoly hand, appealed pathetic ally to tho passer-by, proclaiming her vocation as that of a street musician. Oneo or twico tho child looked opposite, up to tho window banked and hanging with exquisite wreaths of colour, and contrasting dolicatoly with tho pearly gray tones of tho groat house, built over a century ago. Presently tho door of tho great mansion opened, and a young girl came out, lightly patting tho head of tho stono lion that guarded tho steps. * She has a splondid dress on, like all the rest,' murmured Nan, with a little im patient sigh. ' And somo of them como in carriages,' she went on, as a handsome equipage with glints of yellow light on tho panels drove up, and the footman opened the door for his dainty mistress. ' Ah, nobody seems to bo coming out any more : now it is your turn, little beggar.' She drew from the pocket of her dress Molly's letter in a square white envelope. Meantime tho professor was through with his work for the day. He left tho piano, where he had been busy evolving a bright sweet prelude, and stood looking into the square, his faco framed in the vinos and gorgeously coloured blooms that ho cultivated in window pots. A knock sounded at tho door, ' Come in,' he said, then in a more im patient voice, ' Como in. Don't you hear? Tho door opened. The groat professor stared and wondered. Nover had a creature so hopelessly plebeian crossed the threshold before. Generally his usher, a gorgeous creature in gold and blue, heralded the visitor with a card on a silver salver. How came this one un heralded ? * The lower door was open, sir. I didn't ring, but camo upstairs,' said the child in a frightened voice. ' All ! I'll give Pierre the devil for this,' growled tho professor. Thon, seeing the child's frightened eyes, eyes like thoso of aome startled, beautiful animal, he changed his tone : 'Well, well, child, quick, what do you want? I haven't a dime — no, nor a penny ; but good Lord, there's a quarter — take it and go. I can't waste my time, youngster.' * Oh, Bir, I didn't come begging. Did you think I had, to you ? I don't want tho quarter, sir. I earn quarters, myself, sometimes. But yon see iny father was a musician, and I'd like to forgot. Here's a letter for you, sir.' The child had hardly recovered from her fright, but she was a bravo littlo thing, and swallowed the lump that kept rising in her throat. This man looked so grand, so utterly out of reach, in his black silk velvet dressing gown faced with red satin, and tho plush smoking-cap under which his grey hair curled like a boy's. His eyes were vory black and piercing, too, and seemed to look her through and through. Yes, sho was brave to keop hor courage up and the tears down. His pupils wero generally more afraid of him than she. Taking the letter, the professor went to wards tho window, where Nan's startled, anxious glances took in all the glory of the Southern verdure. He put on his gold-rimmed glasses, and red as follows : 'Dear Pkofessor Akdbojios, — 'You will remember that I have beon your pupil ever sinco I was six years old. That was for twelve years. Now I have a favor to ask you, a very great favor. I don't know that you will caro to grant it, but, ah ! if you only will ! ' Little Nan Gartia, who will hand you this letter, is a protegee of mine. I think, though a poor little orphan of Italian oarentaeo. she is a diamond in tho rough. If not, then surely I am 110 judge of precious things in human nature. Sho has also a violin that must be of great value, for it has been in hor family, as far as I can learn, nearly two hundred years. Her great-great- grandfather played upon it, and it has the appearancn of extreme age, as well as the silvery, resonant tonos of a masterpiece. Please, dear professor, don't frighten the little creature with your patrician manner, and sent word to me the very least for which you will givo her ono lesson a week, that is, if iu your estimation she is worth tho effort. I havo found hor quick, toacliablo, and far boyond her age in musical matters. She is, I think, gifted with roinarkablo genius. ' Your friend and pupil, * Molly Stanley.' ' Ah !' and a strong face took on a gleam of good nature as he pulled his long droop ing moustache. * I can't refuso what my child asks me, can I P' He loaked up reflectively. HiB 'child' Molly had always been from the time ho first looked over her golden head at the grand piano and ? laughed becauso tin? little one could not reaeli the pedals. He cast a furtive glance at the .'girl standing there. 'Good eyes,' he said to himself under his breath. Prosently he saw a solitary tear roll over tho pale brown cheek. The sight touched liim. * Sn trAii hn.vA n.n nlrl violin. aTi 9* lift nn.iri. briskly. « Want to sell ?' ' Oh, no, sir. It belonged to my father,' she said, simply, ' and my father is dead.' ' Ah, so : dead, is ho ? Did ho play ?' ' Ho played in orchestra. Once ho was a leader, but after his long sickness he lost his placo. At last he had to play in the street to support mother and mo. Mother is doad too,' she went on, in a low voice. (To b« continued.) Italy's income from foreign visitors is estimated at ^88, 000, 000 a yenr. There ere fower suicides proportionately in Ireland than any European oonntry. A largo hailstono cracked in twain as it etruok the road in Kontuoky, during a hailstorm, and out stepped a lizard two incheB long. Asia Minor was the chief opinm market until the twelfth oentury. The Chinese obtained the drug in the thirteenth century. Residents of England havo .2110,000,000 invested in mortgages in foreign countries. These investments annually drain the foroign countries of about ,£5,500,000 in hard cash. Waves travel fastor than tho wind which causos thom, and in tho Bay of Bis cay in calm weather a lioavy 'sea fre quently rolls in on tho coast twonty-four hours boforo tho galo which causos it arrives, 