Hidden From All Eyes. CHAPTER XXVII. (conwjtded). It was lighte'r . :in front of tbq Tower, where the trees fell book in n sort of semioirole, and Mallou looked round to see if there. -was any trace of Somer- ville's preBenco. But the place seemed quite desolate. As his eye travelled slowly over the front of the weird- looking building, there was no sign of a Bingle living creature within it — not a ray of light penetrated from the windows, though the shutters were not shut, or the blinds drawn. The plane seemed given over to damp and solitude, a fitting spot to be haunted by ghosts or oonneoted with a legend of orimo. Victor Bhivored, then shook himself as if to throw off the oppression of the dark,, mysterious stillness,, and walked across the soaking grass to the porlieo. Ho tried the handle of the door, and to his surprise, the door was not looked: Then, for the . first time, as ho stopped unhinderod into the jealously-guarded hall, a fear crossed his mind that Somerville had out witted him, and onrried Robinn off. "What a fool he had been to wait and dawdle "about, instead of sending a couple of detectives to watoh the house night and day. Then, at least, he might have had the satisfaction of knowing who went, and where they had gone. Now he was ns completely in the dark as he was before Vero ever suggested to him that Nun's Tower might hold the seoret on whioh de pended tho happiness of his life, as well as that life itsolf. With the gloomiest of forebodings gathering round him he wont into a Bmall room on the ground floor, where was some , meal, either lunoheon or dinner, lying untasted, and quite cold on the table. There was a dish of mutton outlets, the gravy turned into solid fat; a simplo pudding, a pot of jam, a bottle of Bhorry, and a loaf of bread with a knife left in it, as if someone had been called nwny when in the act of outting it. The fire was almost out, and a abair was lying on its back on the floor. Mr. Mallon looked from the loaf to the .ohair, and decided that Mrs. Pendergrast had been called away in a hurry — she had thrown down the loaf without finishing the elice — she had knooked down the ohair without waiting to pick it up, But why ? Had there been some dreadful tragedy ? Had the poor - girl, mad dened by her wretched life, resolved to put an end to it ? In the excited state of his imagina tion he could easily oonjure up the scene — the ory breaking the etillnese — the rush upstairs — and then, his blood froze as he followed, in fanoy, the poor littlo Robin with broken wings, senseless, shattered, and Btill .l " Gone to the God who - gave her that life of sorrow and paini Gone to ask for anothor that might turn her loss to gain." He had lighted a oigar-ligbt to ex amine the contents of the room, and ho lit a second as he groped his way along the hall to the stone i-.tairs. Its tiny little ray seemed raihor to in crease than to diminieh thi- darkness, and !every hair on his body stood erect, as ho peered into the corners, fearing a horror at every step. . CHAPTER XXVIII,. The door of the room into whioh Mr. Mallon had penetrated before was wide open. Ohildish toys wore lying on the table, strings of beads ready to be made into elegant neoklaoes, figures out out in oard hoard, with impossible- looking horses, on whioh they were to be made to ride by means of a oard- flap fixed on to tho back of their habits— engines to be wound by u meohnnical ooutrivance, dolls that would have been willing to squek if anybody had volunteered to pinch their, bodies, &o.; What did it moan ? Evidently money had been lavished freely for the amusement of some ohild, and Victor involuntarily doubted if there were not sofiae story of shame linked with the mystery that surrounded the lonely place. It could have nothing to do with Robin ; memory pleaded for her, as it brought book her sweet face, pale as a fragile Devouiensis, with the wistful eyes of a hunted stag. Only a few hours before Bhe must have been here ; tho fire was Btill burning dully behind its gritting — and there was the ohair on whioh she had probably sat — he could just see its outline in the dim twilight. There were some tall oaitdleson tho mantelpieoe ; he lighted one of them and looked round, inspecting every onrner, aud every inoh-of the carpet, but there was no stain of blood on the floor — no signs of a tragedy in the ianooent aspeot of the room, with its gay hangings and brilliant paper. With the oandle in his hand he walked shout the Bilent passages, trying every door that he came to' ; they were all looked except odo, and the draught of air from its open window blew out the light, and left him onoe more in utter darkness. Sotting it down on the floor, he pull d out bis box of matches and light' >1 it again , then fooling tbat, 'perhaps at last he would Gad the key of lb mystery, be walked into Sarah Pi "indorgast's room, and oast an anxious glance round. It was in disorder, ns if the last por- son who was in it had been in a dread ful hurry. Some of tho drawers were open, with artiolesof wearing api arel hang ing outof them, und a bandbox with a broken lid was on the table, i (To bo continued,). 