CHAPTER I. FRUNBROOK No spot in the whole southern Iicnn sphere can boast such a bold, rugged, and imposing const lino as New Zea land. On its most northern ledge towers tho Great Barrier Rock—the first point on which the ocean-tossed mari ner rests his oye—the first land seen when hearing up for Maoriland. A strange land this. Along its shores the vision encounters huge and mystio shapes at every turn of tho sea wall. Here tho colossus of Rhodes; there a ponderous sphinx, rising sheer abovo its follows, and whose baso has boon lapped by tho restless waves for a thousand or more years. Truly a strange country is this of To Wait-o, tho Maori, and tho most mys tic, and awe-inspiring spot of all is that of tho Barrier Rock. Savo tho fire mountain of Tongongoro, it is tho grandest and also tho highest point in New Zealand. It is a gigantic mount, as largo ns Gibraltar, and equally ringed in by the sea, except at the western end, wliero there is a narrow strip of Kauri forest, which links it with tho main land. Viewed from tho sea, tho Barrier presents the appearance or an exact cone, tip to within fifty yards of its summit. Tliero the sloping ends. Be yond it is treeless, and as hare and bald as the crown of a friar; other wise the sides of the. giant guardian of Maoriland nro densely-wooded to the -water's edgo. Singular, indeed, hetimcs, as the treeless suihmit. Seamed and scarred, its surface is mottled with a dark glaze, which, during the sunlight, and even under the mellower beams of the moon, gives forth a coruscation, as if the lights were reflected from scale nrmonr. Riven rocks, with deep, yawn ing chasms, nro everywhere around it, I and the straugo glow is over all. ffo northern painter in primeval day ever | dreamed of fonns so mighty, so grotes que, as seemed to look down upon you from the rocks around. It required only a very meagre stretch of the imagination to people these heights and depths with a raco of Titans, to conjure up tlxe sculptor at his work, rudo though it may bo, al'tor all tlio countless ages;f,t ^avo I passed. i: 0 . * Oil the southern aide of tl Bamci, | and within a. milo of that nr0''’ neo“ ‘ of earth, which joined thei.''ca':' 1'ocK to the main laud, stood aar.gu alu‘ solidly built. mansion.. Us .r it ion was a broad, sloping ridgo, hiclt ran parallel with tlio baso of th11}®1111'" *01 more than half its eiitiro dp11* 0V®V' looking a lovely valley, ho archi tectural stylo of this buildS "as ,:.1 " most as quaint and as BflllK as.ta0 natural walls of rock surr<uc*lll£ Thirty-years previous to'1® °Pe,unK of this story, Colonel liar' l1 ernbrook —a haudsomo, dashing spendthrift, who had run through a J.rSp fortuno in London—sold liis cMru®slou) a,la with the money cniigr10, to «pw Zealand, and purchased ,0 . Barrier Rock and its adjacent 1. . m °h} To Huri, the Maori chieftain, and there made his future limc The colonel, who was11 bachelor, had not been settled over11, twelve-month at (ho Rock 'ere ho 111 married Mvra Hilton a Maori half caste girl of great ecm'ty, and an heiress to imnicnso iv-'idth. One son only was the issue of this marriage, Hilton fernbrook. Tho boy was sixteen years chi wliou ho lost his parents by a boating accident off the Barrier during «. mpuill, and the re sponsibility of tho youth’s personal wel fare devolved upon Rita—a tall, silent Maori woman, who had been Mrs. Fernbrook's nurse and chief domostic. A bold, weird-looking landscape is Uiis around tho Barrior Rock, with its glistening pinnacles, its far-receding peaks and downs of worn rock, with the setting sun- full upon! thorn, and lighting up many a gloomy dell bolow. Here, whore tho sun glinted upon the face of tho cliff, an irii'x might bo seen shining amidst tho flcicc-likc va pour. But rare was tho eyv that be held this beautiful phenomenon, for tho place had tho reputatiou bf being haunted. Few there aro in inr day who believe in ghosts. This go-ahead era of telephones and tolegranlis has grown out of all that. We nave be come too matter-of-fact and practical for such humbug. Nevertheless, lie was a bold fellow who would venture alone into the dim and dismal region of .that ravine, and not feel tho influence of the place upon his nerves. It was evident that some daring mortal had ignored the peril, for a tiny spiral column of smoke could bo teen ascending from the haunted depth of tho ravino upward to whero a kind of stairway was traced formed of creepers, the outstanding stems serving as ste|is. It was only by standing upon tlio very- outer ledge above, nut parting tho foliage that screened it that tho smoko could bo scon; and, if only superficially obsorved, it might easily have been mistaken for a strong waif of tho fog that floated above tho water fall near which it roso. Closely' scru tinised, however, its blue colour and soft, filmy haze rendered it recognis able as -tho smoko of a wood fire, and | one that must liavo been made by human hands. Under tho branches of a largo kauri standing by the edge of the lagoon, a canoe of rude construction, was moored by a twisted piece of supplejack at tached to tlio tree. Nor was this the onl.v indication of tho presence of man. Closo under tbo cliff, aud near whero the torrent camo tumbling down from tho rocks, stood a kauri pino of enorm ous dimensions. Its buttressed trunk covered a surfaoo .of moro than forty feet in diameter, and the bole rose nearly to tho brow of tho cliff, with a thick foliago upon it which completely shut out . tho view overhead... Beneath, structcd of flax thongs and ruslios, with a door opening out to tlio path up the rock. Few and simple, indeed, wore the articles of furnituro in this primi tive abode. A couch rnndo from, two poles interlaced with dried flax aud lorn thereon, formed a bed, a sheet of bark placod upon four stakes for a table, and a kauri log for a seat. Save an old tin kettle and ouo or two uten sils, there was nothing clso in tho es tablishment in the way of goods and chattels. Against the walls liung a variety' of singular objects. Tbo skull and tusks of a boar, onoriuous bats, with human-liko laces, snakes, strings of teeth and beads, mid quaint images carved in wood. Squatting by' tlio door of the wliare was a Maori smoking a black, short clay pipe. Ho was of gigantic propor tions, and frightfully tattooed over every part of his face. Between his broad sliouldors was sot a bull-like head almost neokless. This porsonage was evidently waiting and watching for tlio apponranco of some one expected byT way of tho cliff, ior at the slightest sound ho would crano himself and lis ten intently. At such times liis bark was bent liko a how, presenting a great huncli, partly tho effect of advanced age, and partly from natural malforma tion. . Tho Maori’s costume was in keeping with his abode. A short, thick tnmba, of liiicn. jack boots (much worn), to gether with n blanket formed into a toga, completed bis costume. At bis hand stood a double-barrelled gun, with shot bag manufactured from the skin of some wild animal. Whoever tho individual might bo tor whom tlio old Maori watched and wait otl, ho did uot appear to hurry, for tho sun bogan to dip into tlio sea tway bo yond tlio Tonga lloct ore tlio expected porsounge made his appeuvaiKO. In. tlio fust-deepening twilight tho form of a man appeared at tic apex of the cliff, who gave a peculiar cry, an imitiT ion of the tolio. The Maori be low sprang to liis feet immediately at tlio sound, and begun climbing up the fuco of tho jugged rock with astonish ing rapidity. Tlio lagoou reached, ho unfastened the cuuoo from its moor ings, and paddled across to where the mail stood for whom he had >>cen wait ing Thoro was just light sufficient to see that this latter personage was a little, hanly-looking man. young, and with a foim as lithe aud supple as an eel. His face, though Waring no par tieular indications of manly beauty, do noted both daring and ountung in a remarkablo dogreo, uthomse thero was nothing to mark the mm from any ordinary mortal, except ^ when ho opened his mouth; then quo felt a disagreeable sensation, as nay bo felt at the growl of a panther o.ttlie croak of a raven. . -|i In a very short timo tin 'pair re crossed tlio lagoon and doscudod the clilf. Not a word passed between f.lm hnvi Thorp. ULUI. i’Ue *1 X < thorn till they reached t-lic Inh-* Tlicre the I'tiKcna turow uuiiou.i -no . rudo couch and emitted a longwhistle of rolief. . “So this is tho Great Barrier,»ut. ho cried, with n mild irony m a\uu plensnnt voice. “I guess lvcleen some few places on this globe •sues Now Zealand, hut hang me us kht ns Captain Bragg, if I ever saw anyung to comparo with this. There isdJ a lovcl yard of terra firma on the c»'e rock. If ouo wants to go. over thejmy to visit one’s neighbour, although tiro aro no neighbours hereabouts tnay. can sec, you can’t do it under nviojr six miles’ climbing. Fauglil Give ti a match, Bosco.” 3 Tho huge Maori grinned, and at w same time handed his whito companJg n. curiously-carved box containing “Now, old follow, I’m going to re hero for half-un-hour,” continued tl littlo man, lighting a cigar, and^ ham ing another to his companion. “Intill interim I want you to see that thj gear is nut into the boat all ready fo a start. “What, to-night?” enquired the Maori. ... . “To-night, Bosco! The moon will ue up in mi hour. Wo will sa.il when there’s light enough, if you please.” The hereuleau savage gavo n _grunt peculiar to the Maori race, lit lus cigar, and left the hut. The other sat and smoked ir\ sileueo for some tune, until his thoughts found vont m audible muttoriugs. “Egad! this is going tho ticket, and no mistake, . he cried, taking tho cigar from his bps, and apostrophising tho curling smoko above his head. “ Here am I, Timothy Sharpe, alias tho Ferret, and Vallot do-Sham to his groatness Mr. Hilton Fernbrook, Lord of tho Barrier Rock; here am I, ambassador, courier, mes senger, forerunner, and what not, to liorald tho approach of my boss—mas ter, I mean—to this his home, after an absence of live years spent in England, and on the continent of Europe. Hal ha! ha! it’s rare fuu to be a gentle man, and to do tho grand tour, as tho boss and I have dono it for these years past. Ha! liu!” And the idea so tickled tho risible muscles of tho littlo man that he rolled over the buuk in a fit of uncontrollablo merriment. “Well, well. I'vo done my mission hero satisfactorily, at any rate,” lie said, when ho had somowliat recovered him self. “Ono trump card played, which will go far to win tho game, if pro perly followed up. Now, let mo glance once moro over my instructions, to make suvo I Lave missed notliiug.” “First, to give Bosco, the Maori, a halt-dozen lilies scribbled in some out landish fashion that old Nick himself could not read it. The savngo road it though, aud douccd glad and pleased ho seomod after it, placed himself at oueo entirely at my disposal, and ho put tho missivo away ill lus dirty blan ket as if it had been tho Kolunoor. Second, received at the house when I got thore—and devilish tired I felt too —scraping my shins against tho sharp, steep rocks, received at tho house with open arms, aud especially by that tall, | dark old sho cat, Rita, the house keeper. What an cyo she has, aud what long claws for scratching. Humph! Ferret, you rascal, bownro of that Maori devil in petticoats. How her withered faco lighted up when 1 told her that Master Hilton was coin ing home. All, well! if the place docs not suit you, Timothy Sharpe, you can give notice. Ha! ha! ha! Lastly, 1 mil not to delay my return. V cry "ell, Master Hilton Ferubrook. The wind is fair for our sixty-mile journey, and 1 m glad it is so, for au open fishing boat is not the most safe and comfortable con veyance on tho coast of how Zealand on a dark night, and with a chopping sea on. Eiitre nous, Ferret, it the wind holds, the master of l'orubrook shall sco the face of his humble ser vant before to-morrow’s dawn. ’ “Who’s there?” The harsh voice croaked out the latter exclamation fiercely, and at the same instant a re volver was pulled forth from the breast of his buttoued-up coat. “Bali! only Bosco roturmug, ho cried, alter an intense pause. “ 11ns infernal den of peaks and chasms would unnerve the devil himsolf. He had only time to replace the weapon m his coat when tlio Maori re-entered tho wharc. “Well, the boat ready? “Come, then, lead the way, Boseo,” cried tho other, rising mid lighting a fresh cigar. “My master gave mo positive orders to bo back again at Fukehinn bv to-morrow morning. Tho old Maori took his gun, and after securing the door of his where, led tho way down tho ridge of tho ravino- in- silcnco. It was a perilous toS,Jrn?S^i^‘ih®eat^“wnfiings-*,xt)u'£' Boseo, who, old ns he was, had boon born and reared in its vicinity, guided bis companion safely to the western iodgo overlooking tho sea. In a small, circular shaped inlet, completely hid by the high, overhang ing cliffs above it, a goodly-sized yawl was seen rising and falling with tho motion of the waves. The Ferret and his companion em barked. After they bad cleared tho covo a large lug sail was hoisted, which, catching tho breeze, sent- the boat along at tho rate of six or seven knots ail hour. Tho Maori_ held tho helm, and steored for a promontory opposito the Barrier, but far away in tho distance, and on which a tiny speck of light sliono over the dark wators. For over an hour there was a dead silence between theso men; then the Maori spoke. "Is the master not well that lio lias sent you to report bis arrival? Why did bo stay at Fukehinn?” “All, that’s it. Boseo,” replied Sliarpo, evasively. “Musters do not al ways consult their servants as to wlmt they intend to do. They order, and we obey. You will have an opportunity of asking the boss that same question two or three hours lienee; perhaps lie may answer you in a more satisfactory ninniior than I can. One reason, no doubt, is that he has not boon very well. Tho voyage was a rough one, and Master Hilton is a had sailor.” Tho Maori gave ail unmistakable grunt of dissent. “The young eaglet always loved the sea,” ho said, in his quiet tone. “Many a time has he tompted 1110 forth with bribes of to bacco when the winds roared, and the waters were white with foam. Hilton I1 el'llM001I 113111 Cllllllgeu, mucuu, n yy rocking of :v great ship lakoth away Lis health and strength.” ‘‘Bosco, you aro a Maori, and there fore cannot understand the changes which may come to one by travelling. Tho master of Fernbrook has been ab sent five years.” “Tut! twenty-five years cannot cliango men’s likes and dislikes,” re plied Bosco. “Argued like a, Maori,” cried tho IJerret, laughing lus discordant laugh; “the boss is not changed a bit, spite of all tho queer things ho lias seon. Ho loves old Rita find Bosco, and benrs in his regards all the old domes tics who served his father before him.” “Ah! Bosco loves tho boy,” grunted ■ tho old fellow, in a mollified tone. “When lie was no higher than this thwart I marked him with tho eagle of To Papa. Let him travel where he may, ho will remember Bosco.” “Certainly! Now I think of it, there is a tattoo mark on my master’s left shoulder.” “Nay, the eagle is upon his breast, cried tho Maori quickly. “Of. course, old man. What am 1 flunking about?” responded the Ferret. “See yondor; what light is that?” lie added, suddenly, pointing to a red glare sinning atnwurc ino prow or uiu cufctor.” ... “That is tlio Point Light,” answered liis companion. “From that peak it is several miles to Pukohinn.” “Good! Here, take a nip out of this flask. Master Hilton^ will reward you handsomely for this job, Bosco.” (To be continued.) Among the prisoners arraigned before the court was au Irishman. “ Are you guilty or not guilty ?” asked the judge in a stern voice. : “ Faith, au’ it’s yer honor's business to decide that,” replied Pat. First Tramp—“Wake up, Harry; I do ham’s on fire.” Second Tramp—" Hang dese careless [farmers, Dey’rc oilers leavin’ a lot hay around where a feller’s apt to llrop sparks from his pipe.” 