RELIGION IN BUSINESS. IS IT NOT ATTAINABLE ? The Rev. Chas. Sheldon who attained a world-wide notoriety by the publication of his literary works, more especially that of his recent volume entitled "In His Steps" was recently the principal speaker at the Free Assembly Hall, Edinborough, and the keynote of his speech was the same as the central idea of "In His Steps." He asked, was the teaching of Jesus Christ merely visionary and ideal, or was it possible to put it into practce in daily life ? He proposed to apply the teaching to four different kinds of people. viz., lawyers, doctors, business men and journalists. He got leave of absence from his church in his city, and lived a week with the lawyers, another with the doctors, a third with the business men, and he edited a newspaper for a week. As to the lawyers, his general conclusion was that Christanity did not influence their lives at all, and some of the best lawyers said they did not think men in their profession could be Christians. He did not believe that. He was disappointed with his week among the doctors. They never talked about Christ; they became hardened, and talked about the human body, the " Temple of the Holy Ghost," as if it were a bit of meat. He urged doctors to ennoble their profession. They should tell patients, and particularly young people, of the evils of alcohol on the human body. Not more than half a dozen business men with whom he talked in his week with them could say that they really tried to live a Christian life in business. They said it was not possible. He did not believe that, though it might mean loss of money. He hated the word " success " when applied to the success of some business men. Successful thieves he called them. In America men who had pews in church and helped to pay the pastor's salary combined to "corner" the necessities of life. Dealing lastly with journalism, Mr. Sheldon said the great want of the age was a Christian daily paper. He denied that his essay as editor of a daily was a failure. His editing was meant as an object lesson, not as an experiment. He denied that he got any profit for his work, though it had been said that he received a large sum, and declared that the circulation went up from 12,000 to 360,000 copies per day. That was not a failure. The appeal in his paper for famine stricken India produced 50,000 dol in money and 60,000 bushels of wheat. His paper had also been the means of raising money to build a home for con sumptives. Despite reports to the con trary, the paper contained all the news that week that was worth giving. .There was not very much. (Laughter.) He had received thousands of letters promis ing support to a real Christian daily if he would only start one. One day he got I 9S8 letters. If they had a real Christian press behind this great temperance movement they might almost see the milleniumn in a decade. 