: ' ...?.?; ' . at THE SHEAF OF WHEAT .;' :- . : .? ? ♦ ? ; ? ? ? ' ,-. A Tale 6f the Rising of 1803. .f^^^-v^-BY-JAMES-MUaPHY, :?? v' ' S^^uthor of ' The Forge of Clohogue,' ' Hugh Roach, the Ribbonman,' &c.; S«S«4'aj*!S.-r-iK,-;-^ia.';--?-..v. .---y. ...:.?,?'..._ - ... ? . .. j -?' -' : [ALL EIGHTS BE8BRVBD J ??;\,:^:M ?;;. ... chapter xlv. 'vf ;;f ' ^ ????'' {Continued ) Lecointre's Story Continubd. Dead silence reigned through the house I- came down without meeting a servant or hear tneaBOUnduritill reached the great ballroom of the previous night. There -was no one there. In WeBupper-room off it there were abundant signs of a feast, but nobody there either. In a little dressing LL'J.ha *t& i#- T moo mnro cmpftpftflflll. There was a young fellow there, lying on a sofa, dead fast asleep. He was dressed in a student s dress—the uniform which clerical students invari ably wear in Italy. I shook him by the shoulder and woke him. ? *' He seemed dazed. He looked at the broad day light atreaming in, then around him, then at me. A ldok'of surprise and horror grew into his eyes. '?Who are you?' he asked, in good Parisian French. . ? Sous-Lieutenant Lecointre, at your service, ! said; ' Bertheny's Regiment of Hussars.' «*'JAnd why have you not gone with the detach ment ?' ?4 What detachment ?' I asked, and the touch of a feather might have knocked me down. ;'?? ?'Tbe detachment stationed here,' he said. 'It was to leave at five this morning.' ' You mistake, my friend,' I said ; 'they were to leave-^-and I expect they will leave— at ten.' ?? ??? Five.' Baid he. ?? Ten,' said I ; and I felt myself getting whiter under the gillB. 41 They are gone five hours ago, said he; ' and they must have left me sleeping here. Oh, woe is me j»» ? . ^'f That is Impossible,' said I, 'for I brought the order of the march, which said ten ' ^' 'But I followed you sharp,' said he, ' with another order from Colonel Fjeldhart. fixing the earlier hour. General Ducoudray had sent another urgent word for all spare troops to^nmch on the ?'&,,„«..,;,-» tvnn*ia* xoif.Vi nu fc an instant's del av.' I stood absolutely paralysed. For a moment— I Remember it very well— my heart stopped beating, ?the blood stood stock still in my veins. I was turned into a block of wood or marble ! -?- 'But 1 1 did not cease to think, I saw it all. The . detachment, in the urgency of the late order, had broken up the festivities in a hurry, and had marched at once. Either they thought I was with them— officers have to be about, here and there and everywhere, seeing that everything is ready— or had forgotten me. It was more likely the former, for my former bedroom was empty, and they knew nothing of my new sleeping quarters But the detachment had unmistakably gone, and I was left behind. Oh, the agony of that moment ! My comrades gone to the front, like soldiers as they should at the sound of the roll-call— and here was I staying be-. Hnd! Oh, the shame and terror, the humiliation of that moment ! A hundred deaths would not be aabad. The banners of France were hastening on to btftle and victory— and I, practically a deserter from them, was behind ! f 1 doubt if my physical energies would have ever recovered themselves, were they not stirred by the noise of some violent commotion in the strada out side. ? :?? ? ' - :'- , ? .'?.? .5 I turned to the student, whose face had now turned whiter than a ghost's, and asked him :— j ?? W.ho are you that brought this message?' I 'Cadet Louis Gardanne. of the Staff of Colonel Fieldhart, at your service,' he said, he saluting his -superior officer in military style. 41 8on of the General of that name ?' - { 'Yes,' said he, 'General Gardanne is my father;?' ,! ' Why are you not in uniform ??' \- ?? This uniform was accounted 'safest,' he said. '? Italians never meddle with one in this drees.' 1 I knew at once he was right. The idea had never occurred' to myBelf. But, in any case, it would have fitted badly with my black beard and heavy moustache. He was not more than eighteen years, and is beardless as a girl. u Who did you give the order to, and why did ? ?-? ? you not go 'with the troops r' ? Well,' said he frankly, ' mon lieutenant, I was ...''' desi ed to give the order to you to prevent con fusion ; but you were not here, and the colonel befog here I gave it to him.' ... 7. 'A most unwarrantable breach of orders,' I said .angrily. \- ?« 8o it was,' said he humbly. ???Wall,' said I 'What more? Why did you not go with them ?' 'That I cannot tell you, Monsieur Lieutentant,' said hei ' I was tired of mV, ride, took more of the wine here than was good for me, and only awoke now when you came They must have forgotten me in their haste.' ;; t- 'v--' , ' ; ' That was likely enough. When a detachment '? ^ ? ordered off like this, everyone has enough to do to look after himself and his own duties. He cannot look after his neighbour's. Everyone is expected to look atter himself. 'Well, this is a pretty condition of things, I ?lid. . ?? ' A.nd, indeed, so it was. Here we were m a house in a hostile city— and ?' hostile' expressed only in a feeble way the treacherous, deadly enmity of the Venetians towards us. They ought to have wel comed us with open arms as bringing them freedom and liberty— but that was not the question now. There was not a Frenchman in the city or provinces that wou d not be murdered with every species of cruelty and torture True,, there were Frenchmen in 'Verona, but they were shut up in the fort, with their cannon turned on the city — they could be of no use to u«; they might as well be a hundred miles off. ???? What are we to do now ?' I said : ' I don't know,' said he. ''; ;;v ' We shall be murdered here ?' I suggested -«-'At this moment the clamour which had been going on in the streets redoubled itself. It was ac companied by a curious rattling noise, which I did And whilst I stood listening — and he, too — a white vision swept into us. It was my young lady friend, the youngest daughter of the Podesta. 'Oh, my!' she cried. ''Have you not gone? Why have you remained ?' But without waiting for an answer she said again breathlessly : — 'The citizenB are forcing in the gates. They are angry with us for housing the French troops — though we c mid not help it. They think we have been too friendJy to them Oh. my! What shall we. do ? They will slay you, if they find you here.' There was no diubt at all about that. The hammering at the great bronze gate grew louder and . more furious. They could not stand long that heavy pounding. And then, with the inrush of the wreckers - well ! The girl was as white as the white dress she wore There was no colour in her face, save the coal-black eyebrows and the silken lashes. She stood stock still for a moment, listening ; then Baid: — '? ' ?'?? '- ' ' ??*?'??'?? ..?.??'?''????' ' Come with me. The cellars ! There is not a moment to be lost. There ! The gates are giving way .!' ? ? ; ;- ??' ? ' ?'?' She flew off, and we followed her. Through corridors, down flights of stairs, until we came to a great iron door This she opened by a key at her girdle, and then, locking it again, we passed down, in utter darkness, some winding stone steps. And tfien we were in the vaults. A faint light enabled us to see a long array of barrels, piled one over another, a passage between them, the whole place festooned with cobwebs. Through the passage she went,. her white dress guiding us in the gloom. ., . , ' We must have gone a long and winding distance, when suddenly she stopped It was a large vat. ^ ' Here, get in here, Signor Lecointre,' she said. ' This is empty. They will never dream anyone is here.' She pulled off the lid and I climed into it ; she pulled on the lid again. There was no danger of smothering, for there was an air hole in the hd. _ ?'Come you with me. Signor Stranger.' she said; 44 You will get shelter further on.' They went OD, and I heard no more of them. , I had been in uncomfortable positions of ten in my lifetime ; but I, never was in one like this. I could not 'stand upright, for the vat was, like all these wine- vats, wide and low. Neither could I lie down, for there were some inches of ' gradgins' at the bottom, and the fumes arising therefrom were iuf focating. I could only kneel, and that with diffi culty, tor 1 constantly slid, ana naa nosmng to noia on to. Presently the mob came along. They were not long gaining access. Now, a city mob anywhere is not a delectable body — you have had some ex ? perience of that in the good city of Dublin late'y, but of all in the world commend me to an lta'ian mob ! They pass, for evil and badness, all human knowledge, and these Parmaese seemed the worst of them. They drank, and roared, and shouted They staved in the heads of casks and let the rich Jiquor run about in sheer wantonness. They tapped with their hammers several times at the vat in which I was, but finding it empty passed on. Fresh acces sions came every five minutes, until the whole place was filled with a howling, raging, mad lot of drunken rabble, breathing fire and vengeance against the French, but most of all against the Podesta for harbouring them —as if he could help it ! There never was such a raging mob of devils before gathered together, I do believe And, finally, after wrecking and destroying every cask within easy reach, they found the work too slow ; and what do you think they proposed doing ? To set fire to the place! To heap the broken casks together, Bet them on fire, and bo set fire to the whole cellars. Fancy me cooped up there and listening to that ! Two alternatives before me— to wait there end be roasted alive ; to disclose myself and suffer un heard-of torments, I remembered the fate of the ?young officer nailedhead downwards to the barn door, with a fire lighted beneath him. And they went to gather up the materials for the purpose too J hey went away towards the entrance to the cellars and left the place around me in comparative quiet. And then there came on my ears a sound that caused my thoughts to turn* in another direction. It ?» as the heavy b 10m of the guns from the fort. They were firing on the town. I could hear faintly the rattle of the small arms, and knew the citizens were trying to attack the fort. But, boom ! boom ! came the sullen sound of the cannon ; and I knew the garrison would play havoc with the streets. They must have sent many of their shot and- ehell on the palazzo and on the bridge hard by, for I could hear the burstings and concussions. But this did not prevent the insensate wreckers from carrying out their plan. Nothing would, for the arch-devil himself was prompting them. They gathered the broken staves and barrels and set them on fire. At first it was little, but it would rapidly grow. I could distinguish readily the smell of burning wood and feel the fumes of smoke. My life was running out by minutes ! A thought in the terror of the moment struck me. Better escape, if I could, the agonies of that roast ing death. The ' gradgins' and useless liquor in which I was kneeling, two or three inches deep at the bottom, would by lying down and drinking it soon make me unconscious and stupefied. Death would pass over me without feeling it. 1 do not know whether it was a brave way of meet ng death or not ; I did no* reflect on it ; but it presented itself to me as feasible, and I adopted it. I lay down and gurgled the thick slimy liquor into me. And that was the last I heard of the wreckers and their uproar. ' Well?' said Stafford. ' There must be some thing more — mustn't there ? That's not the end, or you -vould't be here. What more ?' '? Very little more. When next I woke, it wbb in the general's quarters at the fort ' 'Eh!' said Stafford in surprise. That's just it. It seemed that my young lady friend had brought Louis Gardanne to the very end of the vaults, where there was a solid iron grating giving on the streets. The popr fellow, fretting over the trouble he had unconsciously brought on me, knew that there was no chance for me but by communicating with the General at the fort. And, by the stars ! he did. When the fighting was at its fiercest between the townsmen and the fort, dressed in his student's dress, he emerged, ming^d with the people, and found his way into the fort. General Quetineau, learning how matters were, trained all the guns he could on the palazzo and its neighbourhood, and swept that quarter with a hurricane of round shot and shell — clearing the streets effectively, Then a band of gallant fellows, with their lives in their hands, sallied out and rescued me ! 41 That was an unusual experienca,' Stafford said, ' and one which I certainly would not like to undergo. I fancy I would not be worth much when it was over. What became of the palazzo ?' Bonaparte recouped them out of levies on the town for their losses when he returned and came to learn the particulars. Of course, the whole place was utterly ruined 'And the Signora ?' 11 1 could have married her,' said Lecointre, '? but the Emperor did not like his officers marrying. It did not so much matter if you were a general, but the younger officers— no. She is well and happily married, but I never saw her since.' (i Wj f\\\ I - wnim n^SN**** nnnn 4*s* nil An* '* nniil ~U hh nav« ** M ctl| JTISUL DUUIJ gUCO U\J OUUtY) BCUIL JLbUiltt V UCj ' that after all there is nothing that tells better in the long run, that there is nothing like sincerity and courage. Nothing that brings success so surely after it.' 11 That is a thesis I take leave to doubt,'* put in Stafford, who was in a careless objecting mood. ' Indeed ! How do you make that out ?'' asked Leeointre, turning on his side towards him. '?Very easily,' said Stafford, nonchalently. 'You must know that I have an uncle very highly placed in the British Army.' 41 So I have often heard,' said Lecointre. 'Well, what of him ?' 'Just this. That his history— for it can be honoured by so high sounding a name— proves ex actly the reverse of what Ronayne has said. If you don't mind and have patience to listen, I shall tell it you' Vl 41 Go on then'' said both, ' We are all atten tion.' .. 