THE LOOT OF THE TTEN Tl 1-1 WHY. . A ROMANCE OF J1IE GREAT CHINESE SECRET SOCIETY BY AMBROSE PRATT. CHAPTER XVII. THE LAST. "Joseph, what do j'ou lntofid to do with tho jewels?" "Don't ask, they are tho worry of my life. I don't know what to do with them." "Isn't It a pity wo can't keep them, dear; only think what a lovely necklace th.e black diamonds alone would make." Such a regretful voice it was. "My dear Connie, they're not ours. "I know; but isn't it a pTiy, say It's a pity, Joseph." "Well, yes It is. nut do you know, dear, I cau't help thinking that tho Society will pre sently make some effort to regalu tlicm. I havo heeu thinking about It a lot lately, and I'm suro they wouldn't let such a fortuhe out of their grasp for long." "But you want to return them, Joseph." "Yes, but tlie T'teu Tl doesn't know thnt, pet. They must be under tho Impression that I havo stolen them and Intend to try to keep them." "Fancy, you a thief!" "Tho worst of It is that they will most likely send emissaries after ns who may try to do mo somo Injury; not knowing how anxious I am to get rid of the blessed things." "Oh, Joseph,!" "Such things havo been done before, and ono must remember Hint we have to deal with tho most powerful secret society la tUe world, aud tho most vindictive." My wife was lllled wilh, anxiety nt tills nspoct of the ease, and sho was sIlcuL for a consider able time thinking. "Joseph," she said at last, "why couldn't you employ someone lo take them back to tho lodge in Borneo, we have plenty of money now." "I have thought of that, but It is impracticable, for we would have to employ a member of tho T'len Ti. Whom else could we trust wilh such a IUI « UJIV. , "Isn't there a Chinese Embassy in London.' "There is." "Might not one of its officers bo a member. "Brilliant idea!" "Joseph, let us go back to London at once. "And shorten our honeymoon?" "Haven't you promised me ttiat our whole life is to be one long honeymoon." "You baby!" "Besides, it will lie better to get rid of them at once; I won't feel safe till we do. What if they tried to kill you. Joseph, I saw a Chinaman yesterday, I am suro he looked hnril at me!" "Your fancy, dear; or If ho looked hard at' you 11 was because you are so pretty." 1 "No, no. He looked strangely at mo; such a hideous face it was. too." The more tho girl thought of the matter tho more thoroughly she became alarmed at the pros- poet of harm arriving to ns through our pos session of the stones, and to puelfy her I at length arranged to leave Zurich,, where we had Been spending our honeymoon, next day for London. , ... Arrived there, I presented myself at the Chineso Embassy, requesting an Interviow with the Ambassador. I was admitted to an apart ment furnished with lavish Oriental niagnlff- renec, and presently stood bowing before a lank, vollow-skinned and silk-robed ffgure, who called himself Kweu-Chung. By the number of pea cock feathers he wore I guessed him to bo a Man darin of high rank. "You are the Earl of Tslowood, h,c said, on my being announced, speaking in tones of courtly "i/iowed again, expressing the happiness that thrilled my being on being allowed to converse with, so exalted a personage. "I ameliarmcd to meet you, my lord, and will be more than delighted to know In what way I can he of service to you." "Your Excellency is very good, T muttered, then taking my fato In both hands 1 said boldly, "I havo been informed (hat your Excellency is a devoted member of the T'ien Ti I-Iwuy. A crafty smile visited for an instant on tho Ambassador's face. "My dear lord," ho mur mured softly, "who could have told you such a monstrous thing. The T'len ri i is a society whose very name means death to Government. I am a faithful servant of tlio Emperor." "In that case, your Excellency, I crave your pardon 1 have boon misinformed, and will tako my leave, offering a thousand apologies for having dlstrubed you." 1 moved backwards towards tlio door ns I spoke, but. his Excellency slopped mo with, a gesture. "Stay one moment, my Lord." "YOK." iVllgli. i n.u».>v» v»i" supplied you with this strange information, which I assure, you is false, utterly, fahlously false." i_ I glanced curiously at his Excellency, und saw- that this was no time lo uso the truth for I shrewdly suspected 1 had found the man I was after, the very man who would suit my purpose. Kwcn-Ohang hud actually winked at mo! "Your Excellency, the man who told me tills absurd thing protended: to bo a friend of yours— ho Is now doad." "Ah!" "His name was T'chetr Lang. Tho ambassador started-; my shot had struck home. "T'cbon Lang dead I" ho eriod. "Even so, your Excellency." lie opened a drawer of his desk and searched eagerly among a pile of papers, from which finally ho oxtraeted a particular slioet covered with Chinosc characters. This ho studied nt- toiiitvoly for some time, regarding me gravely at Intorvnlstrom tlie corners of his eyes. "Do you know whom and what. T'chcn Lang was?" lie asked at Uingth. "Perfectly." "Ah!" lie returned again to Ills examination of tho paper In his hand. "I hid your Excellency good morning, I suhl abruptly. "Excttso me, my lord, ono moment; you have some message for me, perhaps." "I! No, your Excellency, I havo been mis informed. My mcswtgn was from ono high offi cial of the T'len Tl lo another." Ho rose softly nod came stealthily -towards me, first, assuring himself that, wo wore quite, alone. Then, stretching forth his hand ho took mine, ami with the long nail of his small finger scratch ed some mysterious symbols upon iny palm. "You umiorstaml ?" he muttered. "You mistake mo. your Excellency; I do not know what yn'u mean." "Thou, you aro not of us?" "I have not that honor." "How came you to know T'chcn Lang?" ho de manded, regarding 1110 with quick- suspicion. j "Your Excellency, I was travelling In Bnrneo when I mel'tho gentleman I have named in cir cumstances of extreme peril. Ho confided to mv charge a pnekot and a message, which ho bndo 111c deliver upon certain conditions lo a member of his order; If was In the effort to carry : out his Instructions that I havo visited you tills morning." 1 had previously made tip my'ralnd to tell tills story, so that. I might exculpate my self as far as posslblo from any share in Lord f-'hnldon's guilt, for knowing T'chc-n Ling to l)o : dead I did not fear contradiction i11 that- quarter, J and as to tho rest of the story I hoped that tho T'len Tl on recovering their tfcnsurcs so easily might not be disposed to be too Inquisitive. "My dt-ur Lord," said the ambassador Ingenu ously, "1 confuss to you that at tlrst I deceived yon, I am re-ally a member of the society you have montlonod." "Your Excellency will not be offended with mo ; if I aslc for somo proof?" Ho thought a second. "How can I convince ycu; If you were of us it would be easy." "Perhaps you would loll me who T'chen Lang hotually was; that is, his official position." "I have hoard it whispered — Collector and keeper of the Lrcasures." "And those treasures, your Excellency, aro kept In the head lodge nt ?" . "At Kwyeeln, nty Lord, you seem to bo well informed." I smiled. "Merely hearsay, your Excellency. T'chcn Lang gavo 1110 ft set of questions and an swers to guide my selection. Your Excellency must forgivo mo It I am still not perfectly snlls- fled." ' "I am at your service entirely, my dear Lord; now, your next qnostlon." "How many upproachesl to tho Lodge?" "Throe." "Two by underground passages, and the third, your Excellency?" '"The Batang Bridge." "Quite right; this is all Greek to ino, hut I pre'eumo It has somo meaning for your Excel lency ; anil now tho last question. I was In structed to ask where does tho socret pnssago from tho treasure vault lead to?" Tho ambassador was puzzlod. ,"I know of ifo such passago," he muttered. I Btniled to myself, for well I know' that no such pt.f-.sage oxisted. « ' 'You havo satisfied ino absolutely, your Excel lency: and I aui now prepared to discharge my sacred trust." "Yes, yea; the message?" "First, I must, tell you that T'chen Lang, who knew 1110 well and trusted mo besides, gave mo' this message aud tho package, and asked ino to await him live days; If he did not return In that time ho said that he would bo doad." "And you waited?" "Three weeks." "Tho message was?" "The words which' I committed to memory; aro as follows— 'On pain of Incurring the most dread- 1 ful penalties of the socrot order of the T'len Tl ; Hwuy, tho most sacred Triad, I, T'eheii \ Lang, keeper of tho treasures of tho order and second of the Inmost circle, chargo you to deliver unopened the package/ handed to you by iny I friend tho Earl of leelwood. with all -posslblo | liaste, to tho President of tl).c Triad 1-Iwuy at tho chief Lodge at Kwyeeln.' That Is . the message, your Excellency." "And tho packago?" "If you will como with mo to the Bank of England, wbero It Is In safe keeping, I shall place It la your liunds." _ An hour later I was onco moro with my -wife receiving her congratulations upon eo happily having got rlil of tho bugbear we had: carried with us for so iong. We had sacrificed a wonder ful fortuno, hut we had gained repose. Aud now I come lo the most wonderful portion of my narrative, which concerns the fato of Lord Ernest Blmldou — a futo so marvellous, so Incredible from tho circumstance which, of my own knowledge, barred tho way to its fulfilment, that oftentimes, oven though remembering lite overwhelming proofs which a year ngo convinced me, I am still tempted to doubt its reality. A L such times I , go, ns now, to my wife's bedchamber, and from > the farthest recess of her Iron jewel safe 1 tako a heavy gold casket. Pressing a spring the lid | flies open, und I lift from lis velvot cushions a necklace of magnificent, black diamonds, dln- montls roughly cut and strongly set In solid gold, | hut of a sizo and brilliance so extraordinary that tlicy havo earned for us as (heir possessors the envy nt all the richest collectors In tho world; Indeed no crowned head In Europe possesses so unique anil matchless an ornament. Admiring tho glittering Jewels awhile, I rellecl and wonder nt tho manner in which they canto iuto my pos session. Six months after our marriage, when my wife nnd I were ono (lay seated at lunch In Iho dinlng- liall of an old chateau, which we had purchased In Normandy, a sudden apparition appeared he- fore our eyos, Tho thill, attenuated figure of a man, whoso strangoly familiar Eastern face brought buck Instant memories of the dead Tul Yan, appeared for a moment at the open French window. Advancing Into tlio room swift and noiseless us a shadow, lie stood for a few seconds by the table gazing wilh a queer rapt expression Into the startled faeo of the Countess of Iocl- wood. "Who are you?" I shouted, ns soon as I could eoileot myself. IIo turned for an instant his gaze upon mc, then vanished as mutely and as I swiftly as ho had appeared. No search could | detect a trace even of his footsteps, and I could j have persuaded myself that, tho whole thing was 'an Illusion of tho senses, hut for the fact that ho liail left this casket behind liitn, tho casket with (lie wonderful black diamonds. See; I press a Utile knob within lite easkei now, and lo, a liny hollow Is disclosed, and a loiter, tile same letter my wife and I read so eagerly the morning we had been so start led hy tlio ghost, ot la 1 1 an. The pencil marks have laded on the paper now, but tho square strong handwriting is still le gible. It runs: — 1 "Woll, Isclwood, you'll he surprised to hear from 1110 again, or all Hie honest fools in this world, though certainly they're few enough, you nro the most honest, and (he most foolish. To return the Jewels unasked, stupendous folly! Married to my sister, too, I hear. Well, well! Married! Another proof of your Insanity! You'll have done hotter had you waited quietly In the tunnel and let my soldiers kill you. Bill, doubt less, you already have discovered that, and il would 111 become me U> laugh at. vour misfortunes, A fallen man should net he kicked or ahttsid. However, since yen have done It, ami sent me the jewels back, I feel called upon lo be gracious to the new member of my 'family; accept, I here- fore, the offering I send you. Black diamonds; an appropriate wedding present, oh? her a fool, though, and ait honest man, wliaL a fine liar you were. You hoodwinked me completely, or did Constance supply the necessary lies? Keep your reply until again wo meet, tor although I do not propose to return to Europe for a year or two, I doubtless will some day. The Eastern situation which 1 now control Is somewhat Interesting, offering hopes, ns It docs, to me of Empire. Your hrothor-ln-law may bo an Emperor vet. lied wood. I am qualifying myself lor the position as fasL as possible, my pigtail grows apace. All tho other attributes of majesty I possess already. Another thing, tho piny here Is exciting. I remember you recounted to me once an experience of veers at Monte Carlo. Well, bore we would amaze you; we play for millions. My officers are all rich,' fabulously rich, and 1 huvo the treinein „f my order to draw upon, so you can Imagine thut I liml at last a little iincrcsL In life. '|<|n. tiro new ns woll, and much more Intricate than oven baccnrnl. Now, one worn of advice; don't let anything tempt, you to visit, my vaults again. I've abolished Iho office of treasurer, and keep Iho keys myself. I have also broken up tlio l/tilang bridge, and stopped up the secret escape, I nnd, above all, I keep another pair of tlgem In the pit, which I Teed only on human llcsh to mako 1 them keen. Another thing; I. am not tho easy going Idiot our last president was. "All this to show you the ImpelessneHs ot «- tempting lo duplicate your, or rather our. Into \- success. And now, farewell. "31IALDON." 