OUR SYDNEY BUDGET. There is a melancholy possibility that the plague in Sydney may eclipse excite ment over the war. VVe live in stirring times. C'. E. Dekkcr, the really distinguished editor of the " Evening News," has gone to New Zealand in hopes of the recovery of his grievously impaired eyesight. The last of the people directly connec ted with the " Fisher's Ghost " tragedy -and comedy-of Campbelltown has just fjepome a ghost himself. The lock of the old flint-lock pistol of "Bold Jack Donahoe," the notorious bushranger, has just been discovered in Sydney. What about influence after this ? A would-be member of the Bushmen's Con tingent in his application for enlistment sent in testimonials from a supreme court judge, Major-General French. Sir George Dibbs, Mr. Lyne, Mr. See, Mr. Hassall, Mr. O'Sullivan, Sir Joseph Abbott, many' merchants, and more magistrates, and yet he was refused notwithstanding he passed the stamp.. Moreover his wife Had consented to his going, to the front. Just now that rejected . warrior is abpjjf the maddest man in Sydney, and his re marks are fluent,forcible, and'imprint able. It is interesting to learn of a case where overwhelming influence is itself overwhelmed. The space required at the Royal Eas ter Show by the exhibition courts for the district societies competition of ^150 is so extensive thai a new pavilion, at a cost of ^650, has to be built for the accommoda tion of these special exhibits. Nothing ever done by the R.A. Society has crea ted so much interest in country centres. Merchants and exporters are. fully alive to the value of the project. In addition to this new structure there ate several buildings in progress as well as the Gov ernment Agricultural Hall, for all the state farm exhibits. The district societies' hall and the government agricultural hall are close together near the main turnstiles entrance. 'The most recent addition of Government prize' money embraces 50' guineas for artillery horses iq teams of five. There is but one '.< mixed " club-that is membership of men and women-in Sydney, It is composed of the Jess known artists and newspaper people, and has a' charming entourage. It has just held quietly and without boom an exhibition of the artists' members' work. 