THE DETECTIVE STORY. A grey-haired man with a prematurely old face shambled into the Vestibule of a restaurant one night last week and pres- sing his face against the glass door gazed hungtilv in at the throng around the tables. Al>i*>vi three Nibles from the door sat a man with a black moustache. Ho was a handsome follow, with a Una jaw and keen eyes, and was well dressed Ho w;n m earnest conversation with another man at tin* table, when he happened to glanco up a«d sec tlto haggard face piessed against the pane He started, looked intently at the face, and then jumping fiom his chair, ran to the and or. Ho grubbed the arm of tile grev-hatred man. who started to go away, whisper'd a few words t>. him, came hack and got his hat and coat and thou left tin* restaurant. His fraud sat at the table patiently awaiting his return. The man win. wont out was a London detective, who had ct me t . Glasgow to take bade a fugitive from justice, and tin: man who sat wait ing for him a* the table was a Glasgow officer who had been entertaining him Tht latter was not in the least surprised at his companion’s sudden departure, for detectives fn.qrentlv have to act suddenlv. So lie just sipped his coffee and puffed at his cigar. It was almost an hour before the detective n-turned. He came in look ing veiy mndi perturb“d, threw himstdf in nis chair, and said : ‘'Talk about -ceing ghosts 1 I thought I’d semi one tiun That u.an there has just risen from the grave. The dead h".e ayain, or, a: least. 1 know several hun dred people who'd think so if they and seen that man as I saw him looking through that door an hour ago. Hut lie s flesh ami blood, and would you believe it. lie’s worth £lOOO in the market to- day.” “Where* did he yo?” demanded the other man. rising. T say, really you don’t mean n» id a man with £lOOO worth of rewards out against him walk off, do you?” “If there was £20,000 reward out against him I wouldn’t take him in,” said the detective. “I’m partially respji sibk* for changing a strong, handsome, merry young man int • that wreck you just saw. For ten years the continent and England have been dragged for the man. Why. there wasn’t a question but that he was dead. That’s why I called him a ghost, and he is but a ghost of what he was a few years ago.” “Well.” said tire officer, “evidently I’m not in for pmt of the reward for that man’s capture, though I declare I can t understand how you can conscientiously lot him go. money or no money. So let mo hear the story, for there’s a story in it, no doubt.” '‘There is.” said the detective, "a long one, but I won’t tell it all to you. Veil years ago there was a scries of robberies in a city which I won’t mention, that were so evidently the work of £•. expert cracksman that we were hard put to it to get any clue to the identity of the man. I was a detective in that city then--was starting my career there—and when I was put in charge of this mystery I. went at it with an energy and enthusiasm that * have never got up over a case since. “I started on the theory that no local crook could do such work as had been and» ne in these cases, and that some Lon - don or Birmingham man had come to town to tap ns a bit. Bungler alarms, safes, and watchmen were alike of no avail against this individual, and in not oi.e in slaance was a job of his discovered until business hours the followng day. ‘‘Now*, about a month before these burg laries a young lawyer moved to our town, opened an office, took a house in a fashion able part of the city, and, with his wife, began to cut quite a figure in local society. 1 shall call him James Wright. He Seemed to have plenty of money, and his wife, who was very pretty, became very popular. As for Wright, lie was a hand some young fellow, with the figure of an Apollo, and a knack of attiring himself in becoming clothes that speedily won for him the reputation of being the best dressed man in the town. I never knew him to have a case of importance but thought nothing of this, for there are scores of rich idlers in the* world who have a smaitenig of law or medicine, and make a pretence of doing something at one pro fession or the other for a time. “I went to my room at 7 o’clock one morning, having worked all night at one of these mysterious robberies. An hour later I was roused by a newspaper re porter, who had assisted me in several of my cases, and he brought me the. news that Blank’s bank had been entered during the night, and £lO.OOO stolen. When I gel. to the bank and looked over the ground I realised for the first time what a elever man I was up against in the work of run ning down the author of these robberies. Hero this man, who must hare been tread ing on strange ground, had made his way through a net-work of burglar-alarm wires without,.touching one of them, and had opened the door of a modern vault without the aid of drills or gunpowder. It was a clean-cut job. and I was completely baffled. I realised that ordinary methods would never bring this man to justice * that I would have to adopt a new I‘ne of investigation if I hoped to accomplish anything. “For a week I frequented all tin- low resorts in town, hoping to get a Hue, but it was all in vain. The tough characters in town were as much mystified over these robberies as I was. Ever since the rob bery in Blank’s bank I had carried with me a small brass button that I had found in the vault there. I hadn't much hope of ever getting hold of my man through il but it was a clue, and. without saying a j word about my find to anybody. I canned it with me always, and just waited for something to turn up. and something finally did turn up. It happened in this wav : ‘‘The Wrights gave a fancy dress ball. It was the $ wed lest social function of the year, and local society turned out to it. The Chief sent me to that ball to sort of look out for things, for the women had all their jewellery out. I was a George Washington that night, and I wandered around aimless]v during the early part <>f the evening, looking for the host, so that I could make myself known, and gel in structions front him, if he had any i > give. .Several ladies spoke to mo under., the im presion that I was a guest, and it was vile talking to one of them that I sud denly saw something which made me , start. A man dressed as a costermonger walked across the floor and spoke to a masked ladv. Then ho walked out into the hall and went upstairs. ‘"Who was that man?’ X asked father abruptly of the woman I hud been talking to. “ T don't know.’ she said ; but ii you really want to know 1 can find out, foi the woman he spoke to is our hot, I ess. Mrs. \\\ right/ “ 'I have a reason for wanting to know.’ 1 said, mid my companion walked across Ju- room without hesitation and sav down beside Mrs. Wright. “1 tell you I was on the anxious seat rhen. Why? Oh. nothing, except that op the legs of the costermonger's trousers, down at the bottom, there were little rows | of brass buttons, and 1 had seen that one 1 was missing from the loft leg. and that tile buttons corresponded with tile one I found in Blank's bank, “‘Why, that was Mr. Wright,’ said my messenger, returning *, ‘now, take me out and get me some ices.’ “How 1 wanted to drop her that mo ment and get to work But I went, she ‘•halting merrily and J with my thoughts anywhere but with her. When we got in the hall, out of sght of the other guests, she speedly luought me to my senses Gripping me by the arm, she looked me squarely in (h:• face and said: “‘Look hero. you’rs a detective; I know it. Now what do you want of Mr. Wright V “Yon can imagine my amazement. When I recovered my composure I tried to tell her (hat it w.is idle curiosity that had ; prompted mo to inquire who the coster monger was. She laughed right in my face. '•'Arc you going (o tell me or not?’ she said. “ 'Madam,’ I said, for I saw there was no use trilling with her, ‘I do not know you. and if I did I would have no right to dis close to you matters that are confided to me by my superiors, 1 am a detective, here by invitation of your host, to concern my self in the welfare of his guests, and to do nothing else. I have not sought to thrust myself on any of his guests ’ “‘You shall tell me this thing at once,* she said, paying no attention to my apolo gies. ‘You can trust me. Look and see if v-m can’t.’ and she raised her mask. “I had been talking to the wife of the President of the Board of Police Comrnis siorors a woman famous there for her eH vemess. “ T happen to know the work you have l»o.n engaged on of late. I’m interested,, too. Is it Wright?’ “I made no answer. “ Ts it right?* she insisted, stamping her foot. “ T cannot talk such things with you here.’ I said. *’ 'Come to my house to-morrow,’ she said. 'Before you go though, let me warn you to net quickly if you’re going to act at all- Thcse people ar3 nearing the finish,’ “She left me then and I lost no time in getting out. I called early the next morn ing. and from this woman learned enough to convince mo that our swell Mr. Wright was about as unscrupulous a scamp as over walked the face of the earth. It isn’t necessary to go into details about how she found it out. 81ie hail the facts pat ; there was no doubt about it. “ ‘And now/ she said to me in conclusion, ‘tlio bubble is going to burst. Like all clever nun he has a weakness. He adores that wife of his, and trusts her. She is a bad woman, and has an affair on hand now. He has no money save what he gets from time to time ; the life is dangerous, and it wouldn’t surprise me if she skipped out with with one of our prominent citizens at any time. If Wright had a suspicion of this, he’d kill her without a doubt. You must act quickly, or all your work will be in vain.’ “Shortly after 10 o'clock the next morn ing the manager of a bank in the city was seated in his private office when Mr. James Wright’s card was handed to him. ” ‘Show Mr. Wright in lie said, and, smiling Mr. Wrigt walked in and sat down. “ 'Mr. Taylor/ he said, ‘I am going to leave town to-day for good. My wife has already gone, but as I had a matter of busings to attend to before going I stayed over/ ‘"Exactly, Mr. Wright, exactly/ said the manager. “ T want a cheque for £5OOO/ said Wright. “ ‘A pretty large amount/ said the mana ger. 'Have you the cash near by ?’ “ *My dear sir, "I haven’t a cent in the world.’ \- ‘But. Mr. Wright, you can scarcely—’ “ ‘Now, I'm not here to argue/ said Wright, ‘but to get the money. My time is vory limited. Since I have been in town 1 have had to depend on the carelessness and stupidity of its well-to-do citizens for a livelihood. You will excuse me if I in sist on a little haste in this matter/ and Mr. James Wright pulled out two shiny new revolvers. Tt would pain every much to have to use these/ he sa:d, ‘but if it be comes necessary I shall use them without hesitation.Now, please write the cheque.’ “ 'The manage-, a man over sixty, was mightily frightened, and he wrote out a cheque for £5OOO and handed it over to Wright. “ ‘Take it and go, you scoundrel/ he said. “ 'Not so fast, not so fast/ said Wright. ‘Your cashier would certainly think I was joking if I took this cheque out to him. And you, what would you be doing? I don't suppose* you’d sit here patiently, would you? No, no, my dear sir, vou will come to the cashier with me, will order i him to cash this cheque then we will return j 1101*3 and count iho money, after which I 1 will lock you in the room and depart, and. ' bv the way. if there is the slightest inter- , ruption to the proceedings I will put a bul- j let through mv head, but first I will send J one into your heart.’ j “Mr. James Wright and the manager car ried out the little play according to pro gramme. and the manager was so fright ened after 'Wright left him that he didn’t give the alarm for fifteen minutes. For a weok a posse of citizens hunted the sur rounding country for Mr. Wright, but they never found him. Not a man, woman, or child could be found who saw him after he left the bank. A description of him was sent out through the country and America. Huge rewards were offered for his capture, hut five years ago the rewards were all withdrawn, save one of £lOOO. which still stands. As for Mrs. Wright, she (doped with a prominent citizen, and be fore she got through with bin) he was al most a bankrupt/' “And that was Mr. James Wright whose face we saw pressed against the glass door to-night r asked the Glasgow detective, j “It was,” hiiid the London man, “ami Jv-* j is a vagrant 10-duy. his spkndid -nerve and ' wonderful ability wrecked by Ins wife’s iu- ! fidelity,” | “I say why don’t you write novels ?*' re* J marked the Glasgow detective, reaching for . Jus hai and coat. 