Seventy Times- -Seven. jwH>T.Twprw w wwaait miUTifigcKinf. -.r . By ADELINE SERGEANT, iAufhor of "The Story of a Penitent Soul," " Jacobi's Wife," "Roger Vanbrough's Wi te," "The Great Mill Streot Mystery," "A -Life Sentence," "Dr. Endicott'# ; Experiment," "A Rogue's Daughter," "Tho Luck of the House," ! - " Caspor Brooke's Daughter," "No Ambition," ire,, &o.; (COTYHIOfiT. CHAPTER XI.— (Continued. The change of posture seemed slightly to tTevivo her, for presently she opened her eyes juride upon hiin, and said sharply— " Wimi'B am I now 1 Who aro you 7" "I'm afraid you are ill. Where do yon jfcome from?" nsked Max, answering the ques tion with another. She seemed hardly to hear, but tried to rise, and then sank back with a monn of pain. " Oh, I am hurt ! I am dying !" she cried feebly, and then lnpsed into complete insensibility. ' . Max was 111 a dilemma. If he left her .while ho went to get help from Scarsficld, . ehc might, for aught he knew, die before lie returned. Ho could not possibly .'lift her into his high dog-cart without assistance. Was there no house near from which he could got friendly aid? Surely there was a house not far away ; ho could see its chim neys dimly revealed against the sky: — what place was it? He did not stay to think. Only when be had laid the insensible woman down upon tlio grass once more, and reached tho gate of the house in question, did it occur to hiin that he knew it — had known it all his life. It was the Priory — Miss Lingard's home. " So much the better," be said to himself OS ho rang the doorbell sharply and decisive ly. "It is just tho thing she will like to do if eiio is the woman I take her for." Ho had gone to the back door, and the man who opened it looked at him suspicious ly. Max made known his errand — there was a woman in the road who Was ill and needed assistance ; would Miss Lingard send out somo brandy, some wraps, and one or two of her servants to assist him ill getting her into his trap, when ho would at once drive her to the hospital ? Ho had not long to wait-. In an incred ibly short spaco of lime Miss Lingard her self appeared, clad iu a dark waterproof cloak, with wraps across her arm and a flask in her hand. Three servants, two men and a woman, followed her; and, although Max did not make the remark to himself at that moment, he remembered afterwards to have noted that each member of tho party was as composed and self-possessed as though the matter wore one of daily occur rence. He exchanged two or three words of ex planation with Miss Lingard as he led her to the spot where the woman was still lying. He made no apology for troubling her ; she liked him the better for not doing so. When she reached the woman's side, she knelt dowu beside her, and, by the light of a lan tern which one of the servants carried, pro ceeded to pour some brandy down her throat, and to examine a little into the nature of licr illness or injuries. "I think that her leg is injured; she . (must have fallen," said Magdalen at last. '. " Give me the lantern, Jones." J She took the lantern, and felt the limb 'tenderly, but skilfully. A moan came from tho woman's lips : sue opened her eyes and. fixed them on Magdalen's face. " I fell down," she murmured. " I can't 'walk. I came — I came — to see Philip : I 'i heard that he lived this way. Do you think that he'll remember me? That he'll : remember — Alice — Alice Maokworth of Manchester?" . "She is wandering, poor soul," said one fel the servants, marvelling that his mis- <$rcss looked so pale. .Magdalen suddenly rose and«stood erect, 'with clasped hands, as though turned to 1 stone. Mux was startled by the change in her demeanour; she looked like one who had received a terrible shock. But. the pallor and -the hesitation lasted jor a mo ment only. She turned to her servants and gave her orders in her usually calm' and collected way " Lift her carefully," she said. "Wo will tako her to the Priory; it is there that she will stay." . . . . CHAPTER Xn. Magdalen's Guest.; i AX felt ifcLi verv nnsniN =ag fSztaWF !lWe person to tako into My your house." Magdalen only smiled. - ' / He remembered the smilo afterwards, and w»S puzzled by it. The r ©aS «1 'Uffht of the lantern '' Wfi'i I Jia(l llP» her face, Showed a curious frlrBfl look of mingled eompas- I sion, amusement, even a y;mm - little scorn. It said of -fyiM' 1 vcl'J" plainly that yf K Magdalen despised his rPfi l1 '' 11 d cut advice, and . (If would have none of it. JL Perhaps this intcrprcta- i (T . lion was not quite cor- I root. Ho helped to lift the insensible woman and to carry her to the house. Magdalen went before the little procession, walking swiftly, in order to make arrangements for the reception of her strange visitor. Much preparation was not necessary There was always a guest-chamber ready at' tho I riory, and the guests were sometimes of tho neediest. The men laid their burden down upon tho bed, and softly retired. Mux lingered in the passage outside tho door until Mag dalen appeared. An old nurse had taken charge of the sufferer, aud Miss Liugard came out to give further orders. "You will want a duetor. I have my dogcart here. Shall I drive to Dr. Elli- san's, and send him up?" Jlax asked. . If it is not troubliug you too much." Not in the least. I will send him or bring bim myself as soon us I can. I hope," Max hesitated a Little as lie spoke, " I hope that you will not repent .qour kindness."' I am. sure I shall not. I feel inclined to thank you for coming to me for help," she said earnestly " And you will not think 1110 rude— but— lmt— you will bring the duetor as quickly as vou cau. will you not?" "I will. Good night, Miss Lingard." He could not help smiling a. littio at her impatience. »Shb looked eager, .anxious, yet younger and iovolior than lie had yet seen lier, perhaps because of the unwonted flush upon her clieek, the light of a strange ex citement iu her eyes,, the tremble- of her parted lips. Jlax took that picture of her away with him as he went out into tho night. He repeated to himself over and oyer again that- she was eccentric, that ho did not liko eccentric women, that he did not like her. But what a sweet face she had ! Ho could not get it out of his mind ; iii hatmted him' ltke 'S 'ghost." Ho wlshed that ho could- forget it. Dr. Ellisonywhs at. homeland gladly ao- copted Max's "offer 'of a drive to the Prior/i Tlio j doctor -tried, to ' eitract: information from his companion on tho way, but Max had none'to give.,. , '? >' You' donlt know who the woman is?" "No." / "And Miss Lingard does- not. know?". " I suppose not." -5 "Iv wonder iif she had any reason for taking her into her own house," said the doctor, more to himself than to Max. "She is not the woman to do tilings from caprice." "You know her well?''? asked Max, for getting his reserve. " " I know her, and admire her. . I rever ence her," said the- doctor, shortly and de cidedly ,"She is beyond praise." ' The words gave Max a subtle pleasure ; he could not have said why. Ha meant to go straight home after taking tho doctor to tho Priory, but, yield ing to an impulse which he himself thought unaccountable, he offered, to wait and drive .the dootor borne again when lio had seen his patient. And as Dr. Ellison agreed to this, Max left tho dogcart in tho charge of a man at tlio lodge (ho had found his way now lo tho front entrance), and entered tho house with liim... . He was shown into the room where Miss Lingard usually sat. It was a plain, almost bare-looking, room; Ihcro was malting on the floor; the .only articles of furniture wero bookcases, rush-bottomed cliairs, and a writing table. Here he stayed for somo time— so long, in faut, that ho grew rather weary of waiting and began to yawn. But at last footsteps were heard upon tho stairs, the door was opened; and Magdalen came in, followed by the doctor Her face still wore tho look of suffused brightness, almost of exultation, which had struck Max as so remarkable. She was flushed, and her eyes wero strangely bright; but her voice nnd manner were perfectly calm as she ex changed a few words with the doctor, and then turned to bid Max good-bye. Dr. Ellison had walked into the hall, looking for his lmt ; for one brief moment Miss Lingard was alone with Max. She gave him her hand, and spoke with a sweeter, friendlier look and tone than he hud ever yet obtained from her. "You do not know what you have done," sho said, "but I thank you for it ail the' same. I thank you with all my heart." He fancied that a slight moisture came to her beautiful eyes as she turned away. He could not reply , be was astonished ; he was struck dumb. What had ho done to deserve thesu almost passionato words of thanks? Would sho not tell him, some day, what she meant? Yes, one day she did tell him. But that day was still for off, and she dreamt not of it yet. She waited quietly iu the hall for a few minutes when tho two men were gone, as if seeking"' to recover her composure beforo returning to the sick-room. The lights were out, tho fire iu the wide, grate was burning low. Not a sound could be heard; it seemed us if the old house were empty and desolate. Desolate indeed it had often seemed to Magdalen, but it did not seem desolate now It was filled with memories aud hopes — memories of those whom she had taken in and helped and comforted, even as she had taken in the homeless wan derer for whom Jlax had asked her aid: hopes for many who had gone back to their work in tho world, strengthened and cheered by her care for them jPnd theirs. For this was the work of Magdalen's life, which caused her to bo railed eccentric by those who knew her only by outside report : her house was always open to the needy and suffering: sho had mado it in very truth a " house of rest," a haven for those who wero tempest- tossgd, and her heart was as open to the weary and sorrow-stricken as were her house and her lands. But this newcomer was not like the others. Of all whomN sho had helped there had not been ono conncutcd with her by any tie but that of a common humanity. But this woman, this outcast, this wanderer, had uttered names which Magdalen could never hear unmoved. "Alice Jfackworth!" — It was the name of Philip Esher's deserted wife — the mother of those children who were dear to Magdalen as her own kith and kin. And she came, sho said, " to see Philip" — and would ho remember her? What did it all mean? Was it that Philip's wifo was still alive, and that she had come, by a strauge coincidence, to tho very house wlicro her children lived, wheve there was one who would love her as a sister, aud nurse her back to health and strength and happiness? It was this conviction that had irradiated Magdalen's face, mid made her thank Max Brendon for all that ho had done. Stunding in tho dim hall, where a feeble flicker of light from the expiring fire only now and then struggled through the gloom, tho brightness went out of Magdalen's ex pression, the momentary triumph from her heart. After all, if it were true, what did it mean but greater sorrow, perhaps' even greater disgrace than ' sho had contemplated? Had Captain Esher known nothing of the truth all this time? Magdalori shuddered as she reflected that there was nothing in his past history to give her any confidence in that senso of honour, that sense of duty, which sho might have counted on in somo men. And, whether ho had known it or not, what had been tins poor woman's history during tho last few years? Where was her sister — tho stern woman who had stopped Philip Esher's marriage with Magdalen, but who had also averred that Alice, his wife, was dead? There was a mystery somewhere: and Magdalen brooded ovor it witli bent brow and hanging head as she ascended the stairs that led to tho poor wanderer's room. A lamp was burning, and the firo was blazing brightly, but a screen had been placed round the bed, so' -that the invalid's eyes might not be dazzlcifwitli the light. An old I woman in a close white cap sat beside her. This was Becky — Magdalen's former nurse and faithful friend, who was always ready when helpful work was to be done. Tho woman was under the influence of narcotics, but her sleep was fitful and un easy. Magdalen sent tho old nurse away and took lier price beside the bed. There was light enough for her to sec distinctly tho worn aud wasted features, and on these Jlagdulen gazed in deep anxiety, not un mixed with fear. It had been a pretty face: so much was certain. The fair liair tossed wildly over the pillows lind ottco been bright and abun dant; the blue eyes, now closed, were still remarkable for their beauty. The features bora traces of illness and care, but thoy wero delicately cut. Sho lookod older than Alice Jlackworth — Alice , Esher — could really be: but tho hardships of her lifo | might have impressed that look of ago upon her face. And as JIagdalen looked and looked it scented to her that she saw more and more clearly a likeness to one of Philip's children — to little Daisy Esher, whom she had always fancied to ho like her unknown mother. It was Dolly who resembled Philip : Daisy, with Iter blue eyes and meek face aud winning ways, wus like somebody whom Magdalen had never seen. Wan it the mother of these children who lay before her now? A movement of the sleeper displaced her coverings ; JIagdalen rose to put tliem straight. Her gcntlo fingers came in con tact with something hard, and, almost with out knowing what she did, she drew out a littio locket tied by a black ribbon round' tho woman's neck." It was a poor little locket, battered and worn ; lite fastenings had grown weak, and came loose in Mag- - dulen's hand. It flew open, and she saw — was it not what sho itad almost expected to sec? Why then should she eatch her breath herd, and look at the pictured face before her with something like aversion, mingled with dread? The locket- contained a bit of golden-brown hair, a wedding ring, and an old photograph of Philip Esher's handsome smiling, cruel face. JIagdalen shut the locket again, and put it back into its place, rearranged tho tumbled eovorlet, and smoothed back the tangled hair; then she sat down again in her chair at the bedside. Few could havo told from a viow of her calm, pale face, her quietly folded hands, what a storm had suddenly been aroused in tho heart that seemed so tranquil. — The sight of that photograph had brought back a tide of memories beneath which judgment and will went down. She had long ceased to dream of Philip Esher, and yet — she was suddenly conscious that shu had not forgotten him. Tho light of his mocking eyes was still before her; the amused, satirical turn of his mouth hud power over her still. But, as sho considered the matter, she knew well enough that her predominant feeling was not that of love, or of what the world calls love. It was anger, resent ment, almost enmity. Sho was bitterly iu- digmtnt with liim yet.' Sho was surprised to lind herself feeling so strongly on the sub ject. She thought that sho had conquered herself ; that her troubled, disciplined heart was still. But it had awakened once more with throbs of passionute, burning pain; with the old intolerable sense of humilia tion ; and she knew not whore to turn for comfort. Did -she not know? Her heart smote her for tho thought. There was a Book in which sho read day by day, which had bean hor guide in perplexity, her safeguard in danger and woe. Desperately she turned to it at the moment, seeking some counsel or somo comfort. There was a Testament on the lablo at her side; shu opened it, and turned over its leaves iu the dim light, hor eyes roving hero and there, up and down the page. Presently she stopped short, lier mind ar rested by something sho had seen. Sho sat with tho book in her hands for some minutes ; then sho laid it down and bent lier face upon it as if in thought or .prayer. Tears camo as a welcome relief ; when she lifted her head again the calmness hud come back to her eyes, tho grave serenity to her lips. " How often shall my brother sin against ino and I forgivo him?" sho had read. "I say unto you until seventy times seven." There was to bo no limit, then, to forgivo- lioss of wrongs. Sho hnil harboured hatred in her heart ugainst Philip Esher all these years. Now and for over she would put it away from her. If she hud nevor . forgiven hiui before, in tho presence of his negicctod wifo she would forgive him now. ,Ili tho early dawn the sick woman opened hertyes and fixed them on JIagdalen with a . questioning .look. JIagdalen spoke to her, soothed her with kind words, and assured her that sho would ho taken cure of until sho was well .and strong. Tlio woman lis tened, but did not respond'; tho terrified look in her oyes did not die away. It was with somo hesitation, some rapid boating of tho heart, that JIagdalen said at last-, "Will you toll me your name?" . . Tho woman was silent for n moment, , and then said feebly, though distinctly, " Jlack worth " "And your first name i3?" "Alice." Sho spoke with her eyes fixed on the wall beforo her) as if she were repeating some thing that-she had learned by heart. ' "Alice," she said. "Yes, Alice-— Alice- Alice — that's it ; I know it now. They gave mo a different name before. He will know who it is if you tell him that Alice wants him." "Who?" askod JIagdalen, bending oyer her. " Philip. Esher. Send for him." "Yes, I will send for him," said JIag dalen. And then the wild blue eyes closed, and the poor creature fell into another rest less sleep. to be conttowt1. 