A CAUSE CÉLÉBRE. A SPIRITUALISTIC SWINDLE. LYO v. HOME. (BY "MARK MEDDLE.") NOTWITHSTANDING an Act of the New Sout Wales Parliament limiting the "badoption of children," we frequently read in the " respectable press " numerous advertise- ments where fond mothers want to get some kind friend to adopt their offspring ; and we often see advertisements from kind per- sons who are willing to adopt children, some for a consideration, and others, in all pro- bability, with ulterior objects. It is seldom we hear of a full-grown man getting himself " adopted " by a lady apparently in her dotage as was the case in Lyon v. Home. In 1859 an old gentleman named Lyon died, leaving his widow, a lady advanced in years, in absolute possession of a large for- tune. He had other relatives, but had quarrelled with them, and cut them off without the proverbial shilling. * * * Both Lyon and wife were extremely superstitious, their conversation frequently turning on that life beyond the grave, be- lieving firmly in what Longfellow has so prettily put into verse : " There is no death. What seems so is transition. This life of mortal breath Is but a suburb of the life Elysian, Whose portals we call death. Mr. Lyon also did a little in prophecy. Not only did he tell his wife that he would be just the same as he was at the time of speak- ing, but he told her that she would undergo a change in seven years after his decease, and that then they would meet again, a remark which the wife naturally interpreted to mean that she would depart this life seven years after he had quitted this mundane sphere. Soon after this prognostication, Lyon did die, leaving the wife ample means to enjoy the seven years of life which he had promised her. In the month of October, 1866, the year when her dear departed had prophesied her exit, Mrs. Lyon went to a lady photographers in Westbourne Grove to have a portrait of her late husband copied. She no doubt had explained her position, and the approaching close of her life. The lady of the camera happened to belong to the spirit-rapping fraternity, and told Mrs. Lyon that there was an easier method of meeting her departed hubby than by the gate of death. The lady photographer, evidently a devout believer in the spirit rapping, easily persuaded Mrs. Lyon to study spiritualism, and for that reason lent her some books on the subject, and directed her to call on Mr. Home, the " great head medium," who had opened an Athenaum in Sloane-street " for the encouragement of the belief." Mrs. Lyon entered into the matter with zest, and made Mr. Home's acquaint- ance. She was shown into a room, where she found Home seated at a table. She entered into the history of her case, and as soon as she did the table began to rap furiously. According to Home, this meant a call for an alphabet ; that a spirit was present which required to have an alphabet constantly repeated that it might, by rapping at any particular letter, spell out a message to the medium's visitor. Mrs. Lyon was highly pleased. The spirit proved to be that of Mr. Charles Lyon, who declared that he still lived to bless his beloved Jane—that he was always with her, and loved her unceasingly. Mrs. Lyon was so gratified that she announced her in- tention of giving a substantial subscription to Mr. Homes Athenaum, but as she had not her cheque book with her she post- poned the payment until her next vsit. Mr. Lyon does not appear to have been as careful of coin in shadowland as he was when in the flesh. After, at his spiritual instigation, she had handed Home sums amounting to £30 and £50 at various times, he went further—he began to express through the medium a course which he wished his wife to follow, which Mrs. Lyon stated afterwards she would not of her own notion have followed. The Lyons had no children, but the spirit of the husband inti- mated, through the medium, of course, of Home and his table-rapping, that he wished his wife to adopt the spiritualist Daniel Home. She was also to hand over to him (Home) no less a sum than £24,000. This she promptly agreed to do, so confident was she of the love of her husband, whom she could not see, but with whom she firmly beleivcd she had been several times in conversation. Subsequently she con- veyed a further sum of £6000, making a total of £30,000 for Mr. Daniel Home, who now (with a hyphen) called himself Mr. Daniel Home-Lyon. As the immediate re- sult of another " interview " with her hus- band, Mrs. Lyon made a will by which she left everything she possessed in the world to her adopted son. The deeds necessary for the transfer of so much valuable pro- perty, together with the will, were drawn up by Mr. Wilkinson, a solicitor of Lin- coln's-Inn Fields, who had been for many years legal adviser to the defunct Lyon. The solicitor most properly pointed out that it would be as well if Mrs. Lyon would have the deeds and will examined by some independent solicitor. But Mrs. Lyon would not have it so ; she had full faith in Mr. Wilkinson. The deed and the will became accomplished facts. In January, 1867, another deed was executed in favor of Mr. Home-Lyon, by which, in addition to the first £30,000, she settled a second similar amount on him. This sum was out on mortgage, Mrs. Lyon declaring herself to he fully satisfied with the interest during life, Mr. Home-Lyon to have the principal at her death. Thus he had £30,000 cash and £30,000 settled on him, in addition to what he would acquire by will at the old lady's death. * * * Under the circumstances, it is not to be wondered at that people surmised that Mrs. Lyon wished to make Mr.Home- Lyon her husband. However, things took another turn. Daniel Home had a son whose conduct in many ways Mrs. Lyon did not approvo of. She had a great dislike to the boy, and the dislike seems to have travelled on to his father. Anyhow, the bandage seems to have been removed from her eyes ; she determined to shunt her new connection and regain her money, and to have the deed of settlement rendered void. Mr. Home-Lyon naturally objected. In April, 1868, the matter came before Vice-Chancellor Giffard, in which Mrs. Lyon sought to recover from Home the moneys and securities, valued at £60,000, which she alleged he obtained from her when under the influence of his pretended spiritual powers. In cross-examination Home swore that he had seen the ghosts of departed spirits, and had communication with them. He repu- diated having influenced Mrs. Lyon, and brought witnesses to prove that he was under her influence, and because he refused to marry her she wished her property back. Mrs. Lyon, however, emphatically de- clared that she would not marry the best man living. The Vice-Chancellor gave judgment for the lady, ordering a re- transfer and a re-assignment of the property, and declaring the settlements null and void. Under the circumstances he would not give costs against the defendant. With regard to spiritualism the Vice-Chancellor would express no opinion, but he was com- pelled to say that the views of Home tended to give him an influence, and he was bound to say that the system was a mischievous one, well calculated on the one hand to control the believers in it, and on the other, to assist the plans of the needy and design- ing. Then Mrs. Lyon, in addition to learn- ing some wisdom, got her money and pro- perty back, and proved her husband to be a false prophet. 