Foreign Missions. Sefanaia Navuda at the Zoo : The Elephant ' When I wrote before, I forgot to mention one thing concerning the going of us two to see the place wherein are many beasts. When we had looked around, we went and sat down to see the chiefs and ladies who mounted the elephant and travelled around, and when they had ridden, others mounted. When we saw it we reported to Mrs. Brown that we, too, would like tq embark on tbat elephant. Now when we held our ticket, we then went forth and embarked. Now it is possible that there were too many of us. There were two Fijians, two Samoan ladies, one white lady and a child, and he who decided the going of the elephant— in all seven persons. Now this elephant did not travel nicely, he rolled and pitched, and we very nearly fell off. The pity was that we did not under stand each other's language ; I did not know what the two Sainoan ladies said, I could not understand the words of the white lady, only one thing I caught from him who decided the going of the elephant when he said: 'Now, then! now, then ! now, then!' But, really, there was only one thing understood by uo, ituu li-io/u noa— wo ntuu ua± urutbuiuuy afraid. As for me, my fear exceeded that) of them all, for I remembered that I was the cause of their going forth and their embarkation on that elephant. Only because of that thought did I remain on him. When I saw how badly that elephant travelled my mind was firmly set to jump off, but when I considered that evil would come to my friends by doing that, I remained patiently on him. After that we arrived at the spot where we embarked. Now, we Christians are The Lesson like unto this elephant. of it. (N.B. — There are certain things the elephant can do, they are within his desires and strength. Now very likely he could carry six people or fewer, but probably seven or more are too many, and because we were seven evil was his manner of going, because we were too much for him, but because he continually heard this word — ' Now, then! now, then I ' he patiently endured and travelled arounaj. mere are circumstances which are within our own powers both of soul and body ; but some days we meet with heavy things which are beyond our powers of body and spirit (things of temptation) then we travel badly, and are nigh unto falling. Now at such times let us hear the voice of the Lord saving : — ' Persevere ! persevere! persevere even unto death, and I will give thee a crown of life.' Bev. ii. 10. Persevering and patient was the elephant because he heard the words ' Now, then ! now, then ! ' And really there waB no end to the talk ing of that man always saying, 'Now, then ! I will give you to eat, to drink, and things ! ' The elephant only heard ' Now, then ! ' and he was patient and earnest. But we, we hear a voice exceedingly excellent when He says : '* Be faithful unto death ' (and what else ?) 'I will give thee '—What ?— ' A crown of life.' Eev. ii. 10 ; Jas. i. 12 ; 2 Tim. iv. 8. There is another thing, a The Motive surprising thing, in con for Obedience nection with this beast, in that he understood what was said ; ? he understood like one who listens to that which is said to him, and is earnest and obedient to him who taught him. Now I think in my mind that the reason for that listening is found in the kindness of him that taught him, in that he gave him to eat and to drink, but he had no goods. So he was obedient because of the things which pertain to the stomach only. Well, now, what shall we decide con cerning Jesus, He who taught us and who made all things well in the world for iis? He gives us to eat and to drink. — Rev. xxii. 14 ; Matt. v. 6. Who gives us good thing for ourselves, who suffered death for us; pain was given to Him that we might rest. He was despised, hated and was a ? com moner, that we might dwell safely here after, when the time appointed for His return shall have come. Now, my friends, let us remember all this and listen well to Him and follow in all the days that which is reported of Him in the Sacred Book. Now, friends, it is im Faith the possible for me to write basis of life of all the many things I and work. saw. I saw the city, the nouses, tne streets, and the things to be found in the city, and the beauty of their appearance. There is one thing I discovered in these, viz. : tha use of ,faith and earnestness. (N.B. — One and the same work have these two things, and they work together. If we have faith, then are we earnest, and it is impossible for us to be earnest if we have not faith). I clearly see that these two things are possessed by the people of this land, and thereby they bring to pass the many startling things which I saw. All things are founded in and begun by faith, and then comes the earnestness, and to-day we see its benefit. Now, dear friends, it is exactly the same with our souls. If we have not the true spirit of faith it is impossible for us to be in earnest about our religion. If that is so with us, there is no good or precious thing that we can obtain to abide in our hearts. We clearly see that in all the world rest, peace and liberty are through faith and earnest ness. It is just the same with the soul. If we have faith in a thing and have not earnestness concerning it, then shall we not find the preciousness of faith. (See Jas. ii. 20). I am fearful lest this should be misunderstood by . some. Just think of this : He who begins a steamer, or a factory, or a tram, when he has thought . it out and thoroughly believed they can be made even as we see them to-day; then, after that, aimply goes about and does noth ing, who shall see the value of that ? thing about which he thought ? Now if we say we are not in earnest about it, how shall it appear to any that we have profit in the Holy Ghost ? I think that it is a poor faith. But if we are earnest in prayer,, in attendance at the house of God to hear the words of God, earnest in the reading of ihe Sacred Book, beseeching God to help us m His . spiritual work and in our bodily life, then we shall see the preceious and startling things which shall be done in us by the Holy Spirit. We shall be new, we shall be holy, and rejoioe con tinually, we shall find its life and its - strength in our religion and faith. 