WAR TOPICS. A war correspondent writing front Do Aar states tlmt over 100 horses taken to South Africa havo died from disease. Ho also relates several instances whore Australian troops have been mistaken for Boers, on account of their wearing felt hats, instead ot helmets. Mr. Ilcid says tho Opposition approves of tho Action of the Government in sending troops to South Africa, uml would like to sec it followod by 10,000 men being added to tho votuntoor forces. Over 40 offers lmvo been received by the Minister for Defouce for forming new voluntcor cores, aggregating 4000 men. The Victorian Minister of Dofonco told a deputation of Buddlors that in Gurniuny or Russia a manufacturer who supplied dufeolivo material imperilling soldiors' lives would be taken out und shot. A great crowd of volunteers for tho Bush- mens" corps presented themselves at Perth, W.A., fully 5CK) offering tiiemsolvcs to the Com- mittoo, who will mako tho first selection. The men aro most onthuslustio. Many who woro ovor tlio maximum weight, havo been reducing themselves for the past few days. Tho Durban correspondent of tho 44 Control News" writes- Tlio Natal Government aftor repeated potitions from tho Zulus asking to bo allowed to fight against tlio Boors, luis now permitted a considumblo number of these natives to arm for tlio ptirpnso of self.dofcncc. represented in ntiy war undortakou by the country than it is in South Africa. And it is not only the aristocracy, hut tho professional classes also who have hoiib at tho front. In regard to our great families it was stated the other day that l/ord Uoorgo Hamilton, tho Secretary of State for India, has no less than 13 nephews engaged in tho war. The statement of tho Roer prisoners to tho effect liiat some of their men, whim shot by tho Loc.Motford buflet, did not know they were wounded for somo timo is vory interesting. Army surgeons say tho oxpression of tho face of soldiors killod in battle reveal the cause of death. Tlioso who lmvo perished from sword wounds havo a look of roposo, while on the countenance of those slain uy bullets there is an oxpression of intense pain. With tho high- penetrating bullets of thu present timo, tho wound is so clean that, whoro fatal, death is almost painless. Persons who tako passago homo by the Mcssa- gories Maritimes (French mail) boats travel through Franeo, aud boo tho large cities of that country at no extra cost. English interpreters meet tho passengers at Marseilles, and givo thorn overy assistanco in landing and passing their luggage tbroughthe Customs, Ac. a Novel Waokr. — a ratlioF novo! wagor (says tho Wcstorn Post") was won a row days ago by Mr. J. Foster, of Pyramul, who mado a half-sovereign bot that his Kclpio ahoop dog could not bo mado to kill a sheep in half, mi- hour. Tho wager aroso out of an allegation being mado by a neighbour that tho dog was a shoep-killer. To test tho canlno ho was put in a small yard with a sheep for 30 minutes, and, though given ovory oncourogomont, could not bo induced to do tho slightest Injury to what was intended to bo his victim. !V)r. Foster was naturally much dolightod at tbo certificate of tanoconco thus poctind for hie faithful amino. Land Board.— A local Land Board will sit at Uubbo on Wednesday. Tim Chinese and tiib Wail— Tho Chincso of Wellington (N.Z.) have given £60 to tho fund for the oquipuiont of rough riders for active service. Dpbro Jockey Ci.un.— A meeting for tho purixHo of establishing a Jookey Club in Dubbo will tako placo at tlio offiuc Mr. Autill, Macquariu-strcot, on Wednesday evening next. Police Maiuhtkatb ron Wellington. — A public meeting hits boon held nt Wellington, in support of the appointment of a resident noltco magistrate, and a petition sunt to the Crown Law Office. Resignation oka Mayor.— At ameotingof tho Mudguo Council, Alderman McFarlano, who had boon chosen as Mayor by lot on Monday, resigned his position, and Alderman Young, ox-Mayor, tondorod his resignation as a member of tho Council. The Swasiivieli) (Stevenson's) Urauout Colts and Fillies. — Cadell and Co. report a most successful Bale on Wuduosday last of tho annual draft of those renowned horses. Good prices were roalisod, running from £16 6s. so of £20 8h. Mil G. W. Last, Tumut writes 1 14 1 havo found Rose's Celebrated Eyo Lotion nn absolulo euro for Sanely Blight and all the affections of tho oyes." Bold by all Chonusts nnd .Store- kcopors throughout the colony. Cadell and Co.'s Fortnightly Sale, — Messrs. Cadell and Co. report holding thoir fortnightly snlo of stock on Wednesday last. Thoro was a short supply of cattlo yarded, which woro cleared at satisfactory prices. A largo numbor of horses woro offered, and a lot sold at prices ranging from £6 to £25. Stock Passings. — Tlio following aro tho stock passings at Dubbo for tlio past wook : — 500 cwos from Rockoy to Myallnmndi, Messrs. Crawloy owners, Fal low in charge ; 2800 wothor wonnora from Myall Park to Murrnmburg, Wellington, Martin Bros, ownora, C. Dcliiney In chargo ; 4600 wethers from thn Kilo yards, Narromiuo, to Gulgong, Roland Bros, owners, J. M. Costolloo in enarge : 500 euros from Wel lington to Minora, J. Howard ownor and in chargo ; 2800 young sheep from Narromino to Dungary, R. Howard ownur. Wawona Fruit.— Last week nix coses of Japanese plums were forwarded from Wawona Orohard (Mr. Wurfel's property), to the order of tho Agriouiturai Hupurtmeiit, tor export. Finer fruit could uob be grown. Tlio nvcrago slzo of tho plums was eight inches in circum ference, many resulting nino ami ten inches ; and what is most remarkable, despite tho drought, no urtifiuial watering had to bo resortud to. Tho fruit, if it reaches London in good condition, will bring n record price. Specially mado cases and packing material wore supplied by tlio Department. All who have travelled by tho Mossngcrios MariLimo (French mail) boats nre loud in their praisus of tho comfort, eivifity, and excellent cuieino mot with. Sou list of sailings in those columns, and writo for particulars to Company's office, Quoen'a Corner, l'itt-st., Bydnoy. Lime-Lioiit Knteiitainmknt.— A lime light ontertaiiiiuont was givon in tho Wusleyan Church on Saturday evening last. Thero was a fair attendance. The limo-light was operator 1 by the Rev, W. Stewart, nnd tho connective readings given by Mrs. Huaydon. Tho pioturus in the several subjects, Mariuy Ghost, Charles Dickons, the Lifo Beat, and Ton Nights in a Bar Room, were goo I ami shown oil a fluid of about nine foot in diameter. The cunncctivo reading in the Lifo Boat was rendorcd as a recitation with good effect by Miss Edio Huaydon. Bovoral items of music woro pleasantly remiurea, particularly tno hidden chorus from the vostry, "Uurk, tho Iiurald Angels Slug." Plough Trial.— A vory successful trial of thn Nassey-Hnrris Company's up-to-date imple ments was Riven at Mr. James baniuuls, Dubbo, on Friday matin the presence of a large num ber of farmers. Their spring tool cultivator with grain seedur attached was thu surpriso to all present. It cultivated tlio land fully nevon iiiclios deep whiuh had not been previously this season. Tho advantages gained by far mers having theso machines are inuny j for instance, it does awny with a second ploughing for n crop, and also sows and plants thu grain whatever depth it is required at the same lime. In fact, many of the users of this machine only plough thoir laud every other year with equal results, tho roller bearings on their now stoel wheels makes thu draught very tight and always koups tho whoul rigid. Tnoir ploughs also did their work to tho satisfaction of thoso present, and the improvements whioh tho com pany havo put forth on tho Gang and Jubilees combined with tlio price, should demand a very targe sale. Mr. E. H. Utley, tho local ogont, ami tho firm's representative, Mr. Rogers, woro both present aim orders were booked truuly. Church ok England Temperance Society. — At the suggu9tion of tho members of thu above society Uiu procuods of thoenturtaiiimont hold last Thursday ovening were devoted to the Dubbo branch of the Patriotio Fund. The admission was by silver coin, and including I4s Od placed in Miss Cumorford's tambourine on hor recital of 44 Tho Absuut Minded Beggar," tho gross proceeds realised £3 10. Tho School Hall was packed to tho doors with a very appreciative nudionce. Recitations were giveu by Miss Cumerford, MissColley, Miss F. Gurnsey, Mirian Cross, Masters Willio Lcslio, Rcggio Boltou and Tommy Daw. Songs were remfured by Miss Fitz-Gerold, Mr. C. Soano, and Mr. Border, and mouth organ solus by Leslie Knlglit and Reggie Roll. Three tabloaux were shown, tho effcctuoiug huightonod by the limelight kindly worked by Mr. Fischer. A humorous dialogue outitlcd 44 Mr. Cuudio guts hoaxed " was very well rendered. Mr. Beverley taking tho main part supported by nine of thu youngor members of lite society. The National Anthem and thioo cheers for tlio Empire brought to a closo a most successful gathering of tho Church of England Temperance .Society. Miss Mathews superintended the decorating of the room which looked very nice. Warren Weather and Stock Pasminus.— Tlio weather during tho week has buim dry, but the great heats of the previous fortnight have been tempered by cool easterly breezes, anil tho nights lmvo been pleasant. A sliowor fell on Beomaunel Creek, hut it was very local. Following nro the stock passing: 800 store bullocks from Thylungra to Muswellbrook, Union Bunk owners, \v. Burnett in charge. 3000 owes from Kiunioron, to Narromino, If. V. Egan, J. W. Kendall in chargo. 1500 sheep from Myallmundi to Weemabung, liorrigan Brothers owners, J. Mongun in charge. 1140 wethers from Coouamble to Myall Plains, W. F. Schneider owner, H. Miiiner in cluirgo, 40 fat cattlo from Winenbah to Sydney, T, Fletcher ownor, F. Flotchur in olmrgo. Tho trucking for till! W«H>U HIH — 17 tfiirtl/u nt and 2 of horses. Martin Place Land Mam;.— Mossm. Hardio ami Gorman, in conjunct ion witli Richardson and Wrench, Limited, on Thuraday offered the unsold ttllotmciita in Martin place. Thoro was a laigo ultoiidaneo nt tlio Halu-room of tho first- named firm. Eight allotments in ull, with frontages of 30ft. to 35ft. to Martin-ptaco and Martin-lano, wero submitted, on the terms of one.third cash and tlio balance of puymont in twoyoars, bearing intorcat at the rate of 4 pur cent, per annum. Lot 1, with a frontngo of 34ft. Gin., nud a depth of 78ft. gin. to Martin, lano was offered, tho nurclmsor having a right to take thu adjoining lot, No. 2, at a reduction of 10 percent., nud lot No. 3., the next ono, at a reduction of 10 pur cunt, on thopricoof lot No. 2. Competition was begun with a bid of £700 por foot and advanced to £025 per foot, at which lot No. 1 was knocked down to the representative of tlio Bunk of Australasia, lots 2 and 3 adjoining boing ulsu taken ut £832 10s pur foot aud £<94 5s per foot rospootively. riiosum .of £575 por foot was tho higlicst oiler tor lot 4, and £000 for 5, 0, 7 or 8, mostly having frontages to Mnrtin. placo of 30ft., with with a depth of 56ft. gin. to Martiu-Iuno but tho reserves not being ronohed, thu laud was withdrawn for reforouco to tho Government. Tho total proceeds of the sale of tho throe threo allotmonts was £79,060, being at tho ruio of nearly £843 per foot. Per superficial measurement the offer of £600 for tlio smaller lots is within £5 por foot frontage of that obtained for tho more favoured block of three allotmonts with a joint frontago of £91ft. 9in. to Martiu-placo nnd uf 78ft. gin. to Guorgc- strcut. A Gut of 1000 Hoiwia.— Tlio officers of tlio Mtock popnrttuout in Brisbnua are at prcsont inspecting a mob of 1000 horsoa, which havo been purchased by Mr. A. J. Cotton, on bohalf of an anonymous person, for presentation to tho Iwporial authorities. Thu horses will bo shipped from Gtatfitoue on tho 17th by tho Fplmina. Winoadek Dork.— Wo understand Messrs Martin and Stewart havo struck a vory hand sotno flow of water on Wingadoo at a uopth of 1209 foot. Government Tenders. — In this issuo Government tenders nro advertised for tho following Tenders for tho supply of firewood at Dubbo Otvol ; 30,000 sleepora for tho Gout- burn to Crookwcll Railway ; and tenders for road work. SrBUiAL Area,— The following has bcon set opart as a special area 84 acres, portion 01, county Narromino, parish Ihuldah— price pur acre, £1 10s; ostimated vuluo of improvements, fencing 10 8d ; nino milos from Narromino and 26 mites from Dubbo ; lovel country, light brown clay nnd a liltlo sandy subsoil, partly forest of box and pino and partly open box forest. Rkskrve from Lease.—' Tho following rosorvo from lease has beon revoked, but such revocation shall not take place until after the oxpiralion of 60 days from Fobruary 10 : — Land District of Dubbo. With the boundaries of tho resumed aroa of Konnwoonn holding No. 025. No. 194 from lu.180 for camping and travelling stock, tint find irUh V.tlipiiiirv. 1HH'2. CoiintV of OxloV, parisli of Carval, area about 450 acroa. Death of Mrs. Hpll. — Mrs. Leah Hull, wifo of Mr. Joseph Hull, of tho Talbragar, died at his rcsidenco, on Thursday last, nnd was buried oil Friday. Sho wan an old resi dent, having arrived horo ovor thirty years ago. She hwl attained tho ripo ago of 81 years, anil loaves four married daughtois nnd a boronvod husband. Mrs. Hull was a gonorol favourite with ail who know her, and was bolovod by all tho children in tho neighborhood who grow up around hor. Oun Soldiers in Camp.— Writing from Kensington Camp (says tho Cootminblo 44 In dependent ") ono of tho Bush Contingent. Mr. W. Atkinson, says:— 44 While many good men hnvo bcon rejected the whole four from Coou amble havo passed all tests and bean accoptod, while threo of them (T. Hurloy, H McCtiUougli, and himself) are lion-commissioned officers. This is a matter upon whioh Cuoitamblo might well bo congratulated. Suuntitution Among the Bu.sk Contingent. — A number of peculiar little fiascos in con ncction with thu various tests of tho Bush Contingent havu Icakod out from timo to timo, and have shown how easily somo of our officors charged with tho abovo duty have beon takon in. Persistent reports regarding tho porfunc- tory way In whioh supervision of tho firing tests have been mado amongst othor cases, ami definite and accarato information has boon fur nished to tho Colonial Secretary. He has been supplied with tho names uf four met) who liad bcon supposed to have been shot for by substi tutes, tno mon themselves having failed. Three others wcro subsequently tested, nnd also failod. In one caso the namo of the substitute is known. In the riding tests there were similar cases, and instances nro montionod of men having failod passed in riding nnd bcun seen to dismount on tho wrong side. It is all very well to talk of weeding out inefficient niun, but thuru scums to Iio no system of idontifioation. RimnKRY Under Arms.— Oii Tuesday last (says tho Poak Hill 44 Times ") a traveller pre sented himself nt Mr. Nowbigging's selection. Begun Road, Coradgery, nnd linked for work. Mr. Nowbigging took him out to n paddock close by and sliowod him where ho wanted somo clearing done, and having agreed as <o tho ftrico, &c.;, tho swngglo wns duly fed aud odgod for tho night. At about 4 o'clock a.m. thu explorer gut up and suized a boy who was steeping in tho room, whom lie securely tiod aud gagged, ho then vtsUod Mr. and Mrs. Nowbigging's bedroom and prcsooted a loaded six-chamburod revolver nt Mr. Nowbigging nti.l ilnmnntlful numnv nt- Ufa. Nnwlliirffilltf jumped up and gavo the robber 4s Od, saying, 44 that's all the money I'vo got in tho houso." 44 Oh well, said the burglar, if that's all you'vo f;ot bur's 2s back." Ho then secured a good lorao and decamped. Up to tlio timo of writ ing nothing has been heard of tlio thiof, who is still at large with a loaded weapon. No (loubt by thu nations of tlio man he was mud or nearly so. It is to bo hopod tliat ho will soon bo nrrustud. The description of tho depre dator is as follows: Height, about 6ft iOin., medium build, sandy hair and wliiskors, flat nose ami very dirty clothing. 