PLOTS FOR NOVEL WRITERS. No. 15. WIDOWS WHO WAIST SITUATIONS. THEIB name is Legion. There is the micldle-agecl widow, not long out from England, and always lamenting her exile in a land, where blood goes for nothing. She is the widow of an officer in the army, and enjoys a small pension, which she is willing to supplement by undertaking the management of a widower's establishment, and the education of his daughters. She has aristocratic connections in the old country, and keeps the fact very prominent in her con versation that she had the privilege of training the daughters of poor, dear Lord Noddington. She knows nothing of so modern an institution as the Cambridge Local Examinations; but, on the other hand she con siders that her long and varied experience of men and manners ought to count for a good deal. This widow is not troubled with too low an opinion of herself. She has the "gift of the gab," and talks to some purpose. She believes in herself and can make others believe in her. She expects her valuable services to be handsomely rewarded. She is -very explicit on this point, She is always richly dressed, though her gowns have.a somewhat antiquated cut, ns if her fond ness for old families, old china, and old pictures had extended itself into her garments. . This widow seldom condescends to advertise her accomplishments; and when she does, gives "Windsor" or "Balmoral " as the address which inquiring widowers are to use in writing to her; thereby imparting an aristocratic flavour to so common a thing as a newspaper advertisement. . * # She usually has a much better time of it than the governess, to whom a salary is really of importance. She takes up her abode in the house of a wealthy squatter, whose wife has gone to a better land, and is considered a person of no little importance. . * * * She takes her duties of preceptress very lightly, and principally occupies herself, as far as her pupils are concerned, in admonishing them to avoid vulgar com panionship. In the country society she is thought a very charming^woman. She isan amusing companion, and entertains her employer and his friends in the long long \yinter evenings by telling them stories of her friends among the English aristocraoy. These stories, it is needless to say, are improved by the fertile imagi nation of a clever woman. * ? * There-is the gushing young widow, who is quite destitute, and who, by her own showing, is willing to do anything. This widow, sometimes, not often, becomes a lady-help. Lady-helps are now played out, so to speak. A lady-help is an anomalous creature in an anomalous position. Situations as lady-helps are more sought after by inexperienced girls than by widows. People, who employ lady- helps, are usually stingy folks, who try to extract from a lady, for small pay, or no pay at nil, an amount of work that thoy wonlcl not dare to put upon a servant. When the gushing young widow does become a lady-help I cannot say that the experi ment is successful. She is BO eager to prove her title to the first half of her name, that she forgets the last altogether. She goes into the kitchen to make a pudding, weaving the prettiest lace-trimmed cap and apron immaginable. She takes up the roller with the air of a priestess about to preform a religious ceremony. She is careful to remove a jewelled ring or two from her hands, to show that she has never been used to such work. Tho pudding that she makes is rough and heavy ; but it has been made by a lady, which ought to comfort those who have injured their digestions by eating it. There are penniless widows of public men, who are on tho look-out for well- paved Government appointments, and who condescend to spend the public money; but are far to grand to preform their duties conscientiously. And there are the penniless widows of nobody in par ticular, whom the stress of ch'cumstanoes force to get their own living. A young woman of my acquaintance who belonged to the latter class, was made destitute by the sudden death of a doating but extravagant husband. She did not at once take' up the position of a widow who wanted a situation. She had no encumbrances in the shape of children, and for a time followed the pleasant occupation of keeping house for a bachelor brother. This however, could not last. She felt that her time was short. Her brother was sure to marry. He was not overburdened with riches, and she would ba thrown on the world. .» # « Vidua was a charming and pretty woman, and I should do her wrong, were I not to admit that while mistress of her brother's establishment she did not spare any trouble to show his bachelor friends what a great and delightful difference a woman makes in a house. Perhaps she showed her cards a little too openly. Perhaps she made the meshes of her net a little too visible. -.Certain it is, that though she had friends among her male acquaintf^c^/.n^'iJne-otJhgrn^^.t this time, showed any Inolipt&i;^fn Jier- was not Vidua's fault, bni^it oHreViM^/t'usjband.^ | have spoken of his suddeX^tg^th^ , He had peyisQ^ejJ by his own hand while in a f^^^wH^it,pph^t*f6^?fes not unconnected ?with bank accoiffi^ofhclvMli jjLtS^ohange. To be plain, he had committed forgery. "Vidua was blameless in the matter. For her sake an attempt had been made to keep it quiet, but this had been useless. She was young and full of hope. She failed to see that her life, should be blasted by an aofcion for which she had not been responsible. .Unfortunately the marrying men of her acquaintance, looked at the matter from a different standpoint. They liked Vidua they admired her-but ? not one of them was brave enough to take to his heart and home, tho widow of a man who had so narrowly escaped oakum-picking. It is bad enough for a man to have the ghost of any first husband standing between him and his wife. But a ghost picking oalcnm-the bare idea is horrible. Vidua, however, did not despair. She had a fair share of good looks. She was hardly in her thirties. She was musical. She had charming manners. More than all, she had tact. And weighing all these things in the balance against the fact of her husband's suicide, she made up her mind that it would not be her fault if she became a widow who wanted a situation. * # # At home, she was a model housewife; abroad, a de- . lightful companion. She smiled with equal sweetness and persistency on old and young bachelors, and old and young widowers. And all with no effect. In vain did she seek to set off her good looks to the greatest advantage by becoming dresses. In vain did she haunt the precincts of the block. Her predictions with regard to her brother were fulfilled. He became engaged to be married. I think Vidua then became a little reckless. She tired of posing as a practical, pious, poetical and altogether perfect being. # # » I met her at a ball about this time, when her dress and deportment were not marked by the decorum, she had so successfully affected. She indulged in a good deal of flirtation, not of the quietest kind, and the style of her ball- toilette showed that she was not quite so clever an anatomist as Miss Hose Cleveland. A friend of Vidua remarked to me, with brutal frankness, that her gown was too low and too short. I felt sorry for her then. I felt still more sorry for her, when I heard that her brother had married, and that she was a widow who wanted a situation. She advertised in a daily paper to the effect that a yoting widow-lady educated, musical, and domesticated, was willing to take charge of a widower's establishment. # * * When I saw the advertisement, I knew that Vidua was playing her last card. She was answered by a gentleman, living in one of those delightful country townships, popularly supposed to be the abode of peace, really the abode of dullness, enlivened by gossip. He professed himself perfectly satisfied with her testi monials, and sent her a Post Office Order to pay her travelling expenses to Dullham House, near Slowmore. When Vidua arrived, she was met by a shy, nervous middle-aged man, who remarked to her at their first meeting. "My ohildren do not know I have advertised, -you had better let them think we are old friends." m . * Vidua saw at a glance, that to conquer the proprietor of Dullham House, would be an easy matter. In fact he had paved the way for her, by giving out that she was his second cousin. To make horself attractive in his eyes was not in the least difficult to so experienced a woman. When I last heard of her, it was as the mistress of Dullham House. Tins GIPSY. 