The encounter at ITundlo- Further particul.-.rs in regard lo the Nundle iimiueiit show thr.t after leaving Swain's place, which .they robbed on Monday night, the outlaivo apparently moved leisurely during Tuesdajs and at 12 30 on Wednesday came to tbe camp of two fencers named "W. "Woodley and 11. Lord, situated among the ranges, about 1-i miles from Dsunill-c, above Crawney Pass. The fencer:-, v.-ere having dinner at the time, ant! saw tbe blacks coming. When within "50 yards they called upon the fencers to surrender, to throw up their bands, and to leave the lire. The fencers obeyed. The out laws then came to tbo lire, and. discovering no firearms, told the fencers to- return. Lord then invited the outlaws to have dinner, tho in vitation being r.cci'ptcd. In conversa tion, tho black;: tani they v/ould not carrying ii rearms, but would shoot anybody they believed to be in pur suit of tiset-.i. Daring the progress of the dinner Lord heard horsemen com ing up tho mountain. Tbe murderers did not hear their approach until they wero within about -10 yards. Jimmy Governor, on hearing them, sprang ur>, crying, " Holy Ghost 1" seized 'tie lowed b\\- Joe. The blacks then fired upon tbe advancing white?, live in number, including J. Hey man, W. Devino, J. Schoiieid, and A. liobson, all civilians. These men were not aware of the presence of the blacks until hearing shots lired, when they all jumped from their horses, ami pre pared to return the lire, all being armed with rides. However, as soar, r.s the outlaws had delivered their lirst volley from behind a large tree, they bounded off down the hill in the opposite direction, leaving ail their provisions, quart pots, coats, blankets, and everything they possessed, ex cepting the riile3 and ammunition. As they disappeared past the fencers, they called out to them, " Xou ?v bare all we are leaving behind; good-bye." They then bounded down tbe side of the hill, the fencers say, like -wallabies, striding 15ft io ISft per stride. In the meantime the sur prised civilians were waiting for the outlaws to show out, and were not aware of their flight till tbe fencers informed them. They then fired several shots, but could get no reply froui the other pursuers, none of whom were v. itbic two miies. They then went back down hili, and fired several other shots, a*-d within haif-an hour the Queensland trac'iers came up, and were taken to the xencers' camp QThey took up the tracks, which followed down one spur about a mile and then doubled back within SCO yards of the fencers' camp on another spur, where the Governors had evi dently watched tbe police and trackers go down the bill, and then made orr in another direction. On Wednesday night the outiav.'3 had drawn closer to dSuudle, ana at 10 p.m. came to Mr Flood's, at Wombramurra "Woolsbed, where they wero fired at by Flood, but without effect. The outlaws then decamped. On Thursday morn ing tbe tracks were taken up and followed, still towards Nundlo and Wombramurra V. r oo'shed, five miles from dSTuadle. Two children are said io have seen the blacks, who passed i close to them on Thursday morning, . near Dyson's, only four miles from Xundiel The children say they ; heard tbe blacks say they would wait-, till ail the police left tbe locality and thou rob Dyson's. This statement is discredited, though it may be possible. There is great, excitement here, and large bodies of civilians are going out. There are said to be several hundreds j now surrounding tbe blacks fromail , quarters, and it seems almost im- ' possible that the outlaws should escane, but past experience shows j thattbey are capable of getting out | of very hoc corners. 1 , 