A Sprig of Shamrock, BY ARRAH LUEN. An Incident in a Wah Hospital, For tjik ' Oathotau Press.' So ye can wear it openly at last, my brave boys of the Dublin Fusiliers, the Inniskill inga, the Connaught Rangers and the Irish Rifles. There ia no need any 11101 0 to hide the dainty sprig beneath the khaki uniform, for hore in South Africa on the 17ih of March fche Scotchman and tho Englishman, the Australian and the South African colon ist;, proudly wore the colour to do honour to the men of old Ireland, whose bravery in the present sad war has excited the admira tion of tho world. . o u And you have been bravo, so bravp. Brought into hospital, nfber untold hard ships and privations, sick or wounded, you have always shown the g-and ppirit peouliar to your country, always given the bright smilo, oven whou the evils, which follow in the wako of an army, were closer by your Bide. Not an Irishman, but a Saxon it was, who told me how on that dreadful day at Colenso some of you fairly howled with rage, because you wei'e for bidden to throw yourselves upon the Boer trenchea, a certain death, unsuppotted as^ you wore, and how on another occasion when the order came to retire from a hardly won, yet untenable position, you lay down in Bu'llen disdain upon tho bare ground, where the bullets fell like rain, for wilh you, as in former days, ib has always been vic tory or death. At last the oolour of the green has sud denly beoome a badge of honour. The 'wrongs of dead generations are to be for gotten, hands olasped in friendship, fresh stops taken on a hitherto unbroddeu road, upon whioh you will step lightly, the praises of tho multitude ringing in your ears. And for those of your oomrades ' fallen by the way' in South Africa no monument is necessary yet ; for Colenso and tho Tugela are Btill before the eyeB of tho people— the red blood still stains the grass. * ? * But for myself I oannot forget, no, I oan not forget those dark,' sad days in Ireland whoa fche sun hid himself behind the mists which oovered thick the mountains, the quiet valleys and tho little woods. Ever before me pass in sad prooossion tho ghosts of the men who, fighting as bravely aB you fought the other day, fell in battlo, with the cry of 'God Save Ireland!' upon their trembling, paling lips. Ever before me pass the ghosts of the woe ohildren, of the wisi ful-uyed women who, oviotod from their poor oabins, sought shelter beneath the b'aokthorn hedge, asked kindness of brown Mother Earth j and ' there was no eye to pity, no hand to save.' Yob only a week ago a fover- sbrloken Dublin Fusilier, jusb before ho passed away into the strange land of unconsciousness (from whioh, thank God, he ia now slowly stumbling back) murmured, with dry, parohed Tips something about tho Queen's ohooolato ; and when presently the heavy, burning head was raised from the pillow, underneath was found the dearly-prized box of the Queen's ohooolate, in ila gay tintB of rod and blue, and upon the medalion of her Majesty lay a sprig of real shamrock. 0 (|f 0 So maybe the sanctioned 'Wearing of the Green ' is a sign of a happior tutut'e. May be 'bwlllload tho Irishmen of tho South, tho Irishmen of tho North to stand shoulder by Bhouldor, until, presenting an unbroken front veiling tho varied stiadoB of orange and green, under the oovor of a bunch of shamrocks freshly gathered from the 'Vale of Avooa' and tho foot of the Monme Mountains, my oounkrymon will advance proudly to ask—and roooivo—tho rights so long denied them. Ahimh Luhn, I Alas I Sitioo Arrah Luon (Miss Maoready) penned those linos Lord Salisbury has said ?? «' The disloyalty of the Transvaal Republic) in secretly arming has proved ofsuoh\tor« rjblo advantage to tho ppoplo now in arms against England thu't ft has suggested an oivrneab lesson, and ono which will not bo forgotten. Wo know bottar now than wo did a tlooado ago tho risks oE giving perhaps u disloyal Government in Ireland a elm Hat1 opportunity. , Tho vordiob of the electors of Great Britain at) tho gonurul eleoblon in 189/5 011 tho Homo Rule question will, aftor tho South African experience, moot with no early rovortial,' If tho poor Dublin FuBillor has any spirit in him now ho should pitch tho ahadolato box into tho Tugola. Thai) would bo an oll'oobivo anawor to Salisbury's taunt, —IS u. 0.P,] Tho oxtrftordlnnry leap Into public favour oil MIbb Mary Johnston's ' By Order of tho Company' la aui'tuinly marvollounihiobalino. lutoly unpruoudontod, Tho book wan pub. lfubocl about a month ago. To data uvor 11.1,000 ooplou have boon sold, and .125,0111) ut'o in pt'OHii. Even ' Undo Tom's Cabin,' probably tho moat popular Amorltian viovil over pul)li()liu(l, oiuinoli nhow Uioho ilgunm, Within two monbhiiaf tor publication .100,001) (jcipluN of Mrs, Htowo'H book had boon Hold, but it took a yoar to dlnpoao of twlao tliat number* 