ITHE 1IR AG E. ("Sunday Magaline.") "Le Mirage" is fro.n the French llirer, to gaze, and sc:;::.clr, to he re liectedl, and also from Ii. ii.atin miror. to admires,and mirus, the ro;:c of tile word. miracleo. It is a happy' cl:oice; for it'includes or suggests tuo ideas of somnethinig wonderfuli :.waou..ig re flected as in a lake, and do;,lct!:ing that attracts the admiring gazt of tile be holder. 'l'is masterpl.co of ilatulral magic was lirst explainned by Monge, one of the savants who accompanied Napoleon in his expedition to Egypt. It seems that the word W',, Also9 !!1 vented by Monge. The mirage is seen at its best in lower Egypt, in the Redl Sea, in the de serts around Palestine, in tile plains of Mesopotamia, and in the Arctic re gions. Similar optical illusions are found in the south of France, in Rus sia, in Italy, and in the American prairies. If you put one end of a stick into-clear water, it seems bent back wards. The rays of light are always 3~ bent when they enter a denser medium than that through which they have been travelling. This is called refraction, or bending backwards. For the same reason, the rays are bent for ward. when they enter a medium of less and lessening density. The glow ing sand of the desert makes the layers of air next it hotter and more ,expanded that the layers of air at some distance from the ground. The heated air rises, and the cooler air is sucked down. This causes that dancing or shimmering of the air which we wit ness above a brick kiln, a strong jet of gas, and the sand in summer. Tennyson, if I remember rightly, de scribes the landscape as "winking through the heat." . Many of the mysteries of the mirage are yet unexplored. In the Western Highlands one sometimes sees clearly a' mountain with another mountain, its exact counterpart, on the top of it, but upside down. The fantastic illu sion may last for hours. The travel ler sometimes sees in the desert palaces, domes, and towers reflected in blue waters when there is no object within miles to account for the illusive image by the play of the refracted rays of light. 'It seems as if a city' has been transported by magic. It has been suggested that in some states of the atmosphere the heated sand acts as a mirror, and that the clouds arn then so reflected in it as to give one the idea of a sheet of water, to which the shimmering air above gives the appear ance of being ruffled by the wind. This special form of the mirage is found in Egypt, Persia, Tartary, etc., and it often deceives the most experienced travellers. 'This curving of the rays of light produces the most varied and astonishing effects. The distant palm bush often seems to hover above the ground. The, famous "Spectre of the Brocken" is a species of the mirage. When thdre is a dense fog the spectator sees his image, in colossal proportions, exhibited on a curtain of clouds before him, just as a, picture is magnified on a screen by a magic lantern. This mimicking phantom is exceedingly capricious. As the air touching the sea is colder than the air above it, ob jects at sea. often appear as if sus pended in the sky, upside down. These objects often thus seem higher than they are. Sailors call this "looming." Snowden, we are told, is sometimes seen In Dublin Bay, though it is more than 100 miles off. The Isle of Wight is sometimes seen from Brighton, and Calais from Ramsgate, though the distance in. each case is about sixty miles. Images of ships are sometimes seen in the sky, both inverted and erect. This is probably the origin of many widespread superstitions about aerial spectres and visions, and "phan tom ships" like the Flying Dutchman, which sail in the eye. of the wind, and plough the deep in ita dead calm, and are navigated by ghosts. Travellers In the Red Sea now and again see a steamer crawling along the sky, like a flag on the ceiling, upside down. Often the steamer can be identified. Dr. Scoresby tells us that in 1822, off Greenland, he discovered his father's ship--the Fame-from its inverted image in the sky, when it was 30 miles off. Open water is discovered in this way by what is called "water sky." Mr. Scoresby also gives a wonderful ac count of the enchanted visions lie had of castles, cities, and statues in the sky. The hulls of the inverted ships look like stately edifices. He illhadl an ever changing panorama of obelisks, spires, churches, and animals. They were all magnified, and tlhey surpassed the finest creations of art. In the twink ling of an.eye the fashion of this world passed away. "The Enchanted Coast" is the name which Arctic voyagers give to the riegion where these prodigies of natural magic are most frequently wit nlessed. The mirage often gives exaggerated, multiple, and varying images. This is the reason why a large lake and forest often greet the traveeller in the desert. Tl'he objects look so solid and life-like that it is scarcely possible to believe that all is a delusion. The burning thirst of a traveller is lirst intensified and then cruelly mocked by the charm ing vision amid the death-threatening drought. The reason why the mirage disappears so suddenly is very plain. It calln he seen only when the traveller's eye is in focus. As he moves forward, his eye gets out of focus, and thile cruel cheat is gone. Mistress-"Can you cook plain food ?" Cook-"I can, mum; but I can't ate it." "Are you well. up in the game laws?" "Yes. Never under any conditions trump your partner's best card." Visitor-"And who are you, my little man?" Cuthbert (with conscious pride)-"I'm the baby's brother." Sybfl--"Now, when mamma says it's better to be good thanm pretty, is she telling a fib, or doesn't she know?" "I wonder what makes Dr. Fitz-Hig gins so popular?" "Why. his patients always have all the newest diseases." Westbury.-If you want to know the latest market quotations or news, get the "Examiner" from the local agent, Miss C. The Latest.-The "latest" is always to be found in the "Examiner," the oldest daily paper in Tasmania. Strlahan.-Visitors and residents can get the "Examiner" from E. A. Terry, the local agent. 