SYDNEY SIDELIGHTS. 'Look here upon this picture and on this.' (By 'Vandorian.') During the last week the social weather-glass has been convivial in a very mild degree. The glass has set steadily at 'Fair.' Fairs that are, and sales of work that are to be. Sales of work that- have been, and art unions that loom large in the near f uture. . On Thursday last Miss Snowdon Smith opened a sale of work in aid of the funds of St. George's Church, Glenmore-road, in the lecture hall. But lectures had been abandoned for bunting, and art muslin draped the stalls, which were fancy, floral, Dorcas, toy, and produce. Mrs. E. Owen, Mrs. Edwards, Mrs. Curtis, Mrs. Olding, Mies White, M?&s; Gaston, the Misses Onion, and many other ladies had worked hard to make the stalls at tiwctive. On the same afternoon Lady Harris opened a sale of work at Ultimo, in the Church of England Mission Hall. This was a 'Charles Dickens sale of- work.' Each stall bore a well-known name. 'Dickens' was under the charge of Mrs. Crocker and Mrs. Douglas; 'Little Nell' was in the safe-keeping of Mrs. and Miss Jones; 'Little. Dorrit' (pale-faced ghost of the old debtor's prison) was represented by modern confectionery, under the charge of Mrs. Staples and Miss N. Douglas. Like Oliver Twist, you 'asked for more' refreshment. Unlike Oliver Twisf you received it (with cheerful alacrity) from the gene rous hands of Mrs. Bowers, Mrs. De Jersey, and Miss L. Armstrong. Still being extremely unlike Oliver twist, if there was 'a gentleman in a white waistcoat' present, he made no public statement of his private conviction that you would 'live to he hanged,' but if you 'asked for more' (copy) passed you on to 'great expectations.' Here Mrs. Harley, Miss E. Armstrong, and Miss. Bowie were ready for you in the matter of plain goods. Miss Ida Harris and Miss Grant resided (in a temporary manner) in 'the old curiosity shop,' and 'Dolly Varden' bloomed again (regardless of Simon Tappertit) in a flower stall presided over by Miss Bone and Miss Swaddling. Hospital Saturday came in grey uncertainty, and went in the golden glory of a coppery sunset and a clinking harvest of sovereigns and half sovereigns. A rich harvest of jingling silver, and a rattling big copper mine of pennies, that mount ed to a grand total of over £4000. Four thousand one hundred and fifty odd pounds — a generous gift to the hospitals from the liberal citizens of Syd ney and from distant 'town and country.' At the students' exhibition in the National Art Gallery, Victorian art is represented in oils, the Sydney Art Society and Society of Artists are .black and. -white, and the Technical College is chiefly geometrical — plane and solid — in squares, and sciagraphical in shadows. Vases, wheels, lines, balls, curves, and sciagraphy — shadows waiting round the corner — everywhere. 'News from the Front,' by D. Meldrum, is the oil painting which has recently won a scholarship in Melbourne — a scholarship that means £150 a year for three years. A lady in oils, also a Vic torian visitor, who wears a yellow scarf round her head, has a pleasant face, but seems to be a little out at the elbow. Not in the matter of sleeve, of which she is quite innocent, but rather as one who is in difficulties with her joints, and ! suffers from the stage- struck complaint of not quite knowing what to do with her arms and hands. I hope this intercolonial visitor, in oils. Will consider herself head and shoulders above j these rude remarks about her arms, for she has i an amiable expression and a particularly nice ? head and shoulders. | In the other art exhibits Victoria has chiefly | turned her back to us — in oils. Clever studies i of the human spinal column and shoulder blades ', prove that Victorian art students know how to : put good 'backbone' into their work — in more senses than one. 'The Lady Nelson,' brig, also in oils, with ] several windmills in the background,, hangs j amongst the Johnston memorials in the Art Gal ; lery. This is not very new or exciting on the j part of 'Lady Nelson.' But it is a coincidence ; that this little picture of the brig in which Lieu ? tenant Murray, R.N., 'discovered and entered j Port; Phillip' should hang so near these modern i exhibits by Victorian art students. When 'Lady j Nelson' was looking (with her six guns) for a i port, where was Melbourne? It wasn't looking i like a federal capital in those days of embryo and I gum tree! ! A fair in aid of the School of Industry, Dar j linghurst, will be held at the school on Saturday j next, from 2 p.m. to 9 p.m. Inside those high S walls are 31 little girls — some are very little. | AH learn to be industrious, their ages range from I 4 to 16, and the elder girls know how to wash on j Monday morning and iron on Monday afternoon.' I They know how to make the clothes they wear, I how to ccok their own meals, and they certainly | know how to eat them with healthy appetites, I for they look very plump and hearty! And they | know how to biess Chicago, because they won a ; first prize for sewing there in the Exhibition ! time.1 i — — _— — ' At the fair next Saturday (School of Industry) Mrs C. B. Stephen, Miss Knox, Mrs. Fairfax Ross, and Miss Mitchell will have fancy stalls; Mrs. D. P. Dickson and Miss Deas-Thomson, the provision stall; Mrs. Noyes will be in charge of a cake stall; Mrs. David Anderson and Mrs. Gould, general re freshments; Mrs. Street and Mrs. Garland will have a flower stall; Mrs. W. R. Campbell, another fancy stall; and Mrs. Hemeley has undertaken the responsibility of a bran pis. Bran pie suggests mental indigestion — it requires much thinking over. . . A garden fete in aid of St. Martha's Home, Leichhardt, will be opened -^by Lady Darley on Tuesday afternoon next, at 3 o'clock. P.M.D. Please mind dog. . He'« very large, and playfully aggressive. Slips his head through his' collar when least expected, and sends the casual visitor in haste where least expected— amongst the mangled clothes in the convent laundry. The casual visi tor — happily not mangled — having arrived like a meteor in quest of laundry work, hastens to ex plain. 'Er — I hope — hope — you'll ex-cuse— want of breath. — dog — didn't -mean to rush through the. back door.-' They do excuse. 'It's only play,' ; says a kind sister, 'but he looks most-alarming, and we generally keep him on the chain in -the day time.' ? Now, St. Martha'-s dog is a merry fellow, indeed; not quite as large as a Shetland? pony, perhaps; but extremely fond of football. Her greets you with a roar, takes you for the football, or the bugbear. '- He has been waiting for you. Collars you playfully by the shoulder; does the battering rani movement (so often ad mired in the football ground), and seems pre pared, with much cheerfulness, to win the game. 'Mangling done here.' So he -runs you into the laundry! . . On TuesOay next', if you go to the fair at St. Martha's, just Lave a look for this playful 'wag.' He will be tied up, ana affecting tae most un conscious airs of innocence, with a kittenish trick of blinking his eyelashes, arid wanting to have a game. But 'I don't want to play in your yard. I don't love you any more. You were sorry when you caw me, 'slipping through the al ley door.' Inside St. Martha's, lace-making and needle work are in all stages of transition. 'IStitch, stitch, stitch,' in a -long sunny room, that opens with glass doors on to a wifie verandah, and overlooks a grassy 'lawn. ^Sewing machines hum, and busy fingers put the last stitches in' cob webby point lace. Nearly- sixty rgirls call St.. Martha's their home. A . home . with bright, cheerful dormitories, a pleasant' garden/, wide airy .halls, , and ^gentle .'sisters' to guide the inex perienced fingers through the intricacies of top stitch— so often drop sfitch— lock stitch, button hole stitch, seam, fell, and gusset, and so hi, to putting in the gossamer threads of filmy lace:' A 'Victoria, with a horse and harness, a 'waird- robe and a sewing machine, $re amongst- the prizes generously presented to the art union at St. Martha's garden fete. A trousseau; sets of table and 'house linen, and new designs in drawn thread .'work, plain and fancy work of every kind are amongst the exhibits to he sold next week during the five days of the fair at Leichhardt. The greatest novelty, to be, seen tbe»# perhaps, 1* the making of Limerick lace, under the teaching of Mrs. Redmond. 'I learnt it myself at Limer ick,' .says she. I . don't suppose it could be learnt at a better place, do yoij^, The Sydney Liedertafel gave E'inosf 'successful concert in the Town. Hall last night, A very- i large audience filled the galleries, and body of the hall. On one side of the platform, a banner* 'Law School,' still hung near the organ, like an 'in memoriam' relic of the late departed Uni versity 'autumnal.' And Liedertafel gentlemen filled the platform in decorous rows of black and White. From a distant seat they looked like plump, well-grown magpies, with .glossy black wings (folded in rest), and expansive white breasts, heaving with harmony; tor they warbled in true Liedertafel tones last night, under the baton of Mr. Alfred Hill. . ' 'Lo, Here: the Gentle Lark,',. was the second, solo sung, by Miss Amy Simpson, . and it roused rather a cool audience to enthusiastic applause. Feet stamped at the rear of the hall, then shufllefi and retracted. A Liedertafel- audience is pre- ' pared for a good programme, and is not prepared to excite itself after the manner ot a 'shilling pop.' . Personally, I have only heard one. feath ered skylark who was best Scotch, and rose from a Lowland hedge in tuneful . trills .that *, were quite up ..to., its ...English . reT putation as a first- class, singer. . and a European celebrity. Miss Amy Simpson was a charming Australian warbler,' w£o' imitated Bishop's English lark in sweet, clear trills— ^v. Lo! here the gentle lark, weary of rest, From his moist cabinet mounts on high, And wakes the' morning, from whose silver breast-. The sun ariseth in true majesty. In the 'Sicilian Mariners' Hymn' the Lieder-. taf el voices were unaccompanied, and rose and fell in' soft musical cad*. nee. Was it fancy?. Perhaps so ; but this smooth rhythm sounded like . the murmur of .a calm sea, beating in soft lullaby on a distant beach. 'Hope' was a charming part song by the Lie dertafel. The voices take up the theme, 'Come to the -woods with me, love;' then the violins echo the melody; again the bass takes it up; the soft- tenors break in,'Why shouldst thgu weep to see, love, that all. things bright must lade?' A rippling pianoforte accompaniment runs through the theme, and part of the third verse murmurs, with soft hush at the words — ' So in the stricken heart, whilst cherished hopes de ea3\ New hopes spring forth to life ere those have passed away. Dr. J. Matthew Ennis received a hearty encore for his interpretation of Rubenstein's 'Staccato Study' — a pianoforte solo, in which a Sydney audience had the pleasure of hearing Dr. Ennis for the first time. Mr. Arthur Pacie sang two solos, the latter I (De Koven'sf 'Meet Me, Love,' being a tuneful ' trifle with a gay lilting chorus, which had to be ?repeated, in answer to a persistent encore. Master John Armadio played' two flute solos and the ? charming flute obligate 'Lo, Here The Gentle Lark.' 'And so farewell! Another day Departing, bears fresh joys away; Into the ocean of the past Even for ever they are cast — Under whose waves they fade too fast.'' 'Thanks to you all, and leave us. Fare you well.' A line from 'Much Ado About Nothing,' which came in at the finish of the Liedertafel pro gramme. 