Personal eossip. Mr. John Darling, sen., perhaps one of the best grain authorities in Australia, says that for the past 20 years he has never seen the S.A. wheat crops looking better than at present. He thinks Holder's seven-bushel harvest is well within the mark. This country hopes so. Mr. Deakin is the only Vic. Federal .candidate wlio gives up his local seat at the general election. All the lest are holding on until they are safely seated in the Federal Parliament. Boom-bunged "Jimmy" Munro is to fight Duncan Gillies for the Toorak ,Vic.) seat, which includes Armidale. This suburb once belonged to Mr. Munro, and was called after the name of his house. He made thousands out of it after he had persuaded Duncan Gillies, then Minister of Bailways, to run the Mordialloc railway through it. Duncan •will beat Munro two to one, if not more. C. H. Reid and P. MoM. Glynn are the orators at the Freetrade dinner m Melb. this week. The Yic. Freetraders .are going to rely entirely on outside leaders in the Federal campaign. It is the only way to shunt Max Mirsch. A. J. Peacock is still in doubt as to -whether he will stand f<7r a Federal seat or stay to lead the Yic. Opposition. The intentions of all Vic. politicians depends -on the general election, which happens the last week in October. Mr. F. G. Gillen, the S.A. authority on the habits of the Central Australian .aborigines, has received a rare tribute to his studies by the memorial of leading English scientists asking S.A. Government to relieve him from his postal service duties for one year to undertake a thorough investigation of the northerntribes. A similar request is being made to the Victorian Government over Professor Baldwin Spencer. European anthropologists think a great benefit would be derived from their year's investigations, and no doubt the mission will be agreed to. Mr. Gillen, after spending many years at Alice Springs, is now realising as the postmaster at Moonta. Mr. A. J. Blake. "Sir. Walter James, M.L.A. Mr. James Gardiner. Mr. George Leake, Q.C. Some W.A.- Federalists after the Referendum. Honor of having sat continuously in Tic. Assembly for the longest period belongs to Messrs. A. H. Tucker (Fitzroy) and E. H. Cameron (Evelyn), who first wrote M.L.A. after their names in 1874. Ebenezer Ward and Jefferson Pickman Stow, S.M., both of whom were long ago connected with The Advertiser, the first as leader of the staff, and the second as editor, were both born on September 4, but Sto\r is a year older than his collea- gue, dating from 1836. His father was a pioneer Congregational minister, Stow Memorial Church being named after him. One of his brothers was a judge of the Supreme Court, and another (now Registrar of Probates) was for a while Ch'cf Secretary of the colony. Mr. Stow is at present Stipendiary Magistrate and head of the Insolvency Court in the Port Pirie district. The Chief Secretary (Mr. Jenkins) will to-day—Saturday, September 8—complete Iiis forty-ninth year. He first grew into public notice because of his devotion 10 literary societies and Union Parliament, but when he first tried to enter the Assembly he was defeated by Mr. Scherk -it East Adelaide. However, within a few months he succeeded at Sturt, and he has headed the poll there ever since, although on one occasion Messrs. Price and Adams, M.L.C., were against him, tlio whole three candidates were within halfa-dozen votes of each other. "Jinks" is a great Mason, and he neither smokes not drinks; also he is considerable of a lady's man, and the sex have always stuck to him well at each election time. ' A syndicate of three, comprising Messrs. Woodforde and Slade (both wellknown Melbourne sliarebrokers) and another, has leased St. Albans, the racing stables of the late Mr. W. R. Wilson. Mr. Leslie McDonald is managing for the syndicate. Mr. Gordon, of Messrs. D. & W. Murray, and Mr. H. C. E. Muecke, the German Consul, are spoken of as likely to be candidates for seats in the Federal Parliament.^ Stated that the investment made by Mr. Gibson in the purchase of the York Hotel and the adjoining shops will yield him 9 per cent, interest, so that he can afford to wait awhile before building the big drapery emporium which everybody expects to see there. The brewers have a lease of the hotel, with nine years to run. Holder's last budget speech—his ninth —occupied two hours and twenty minutes in the delivery, and it grew so tedious towards the end that it thinned the audience within the House and in the galleries. Edmund Barton says that two of the most charming men he met were Arthur Balfour and John Morley. Chamberlain struck him as a strong Parliamentarian, very able, very adroit, and perfectly honest. He also appreciated Miss Evelyn Millard's acting in Madam Butterfly. Pilcher, Solomons, Sly, and O'Connor, Q.C.'s, form part of the legal talent engaged in the big equity suit commenced m Sydney over the rating of Broken Hill mines. O'Connor represents (with a junior) the Council. Solomons, by the way, gave counsel's opinion some time back on which the municipality mainly bases its claim to the extra rating: he now represents the mines, and can pick out the flaws in his own law. Ex- Premier Reid, Q.C., now occupies the offices formerly occupied by Crick and -Meagher, in Phillip-street, Sydney, There is an aerated water factory at the rear, which possibly accounts for the gaseous character of Reid's late speeches. By the way, Crick is introducing a time limit bill into the Assembly, partly to squelch Georgey's "talkee talkee." Bulletin last week speaks of the Duke of 'Connaught as general commanding the Aldershot division, and bases a spiteful par. thereon. Bulletin is not always upto-date. Connaught is Commander-in- Chief in Ireland. Barrister George Maxwell, of Melb., who successfully steered Mrs. Wilkie's petition through the Divorce Court last week against such a generally invincible opponent as Purves, Q.C., with whom was clever lawyer Hayes, has made extraordinary rapid strides at the bar, though still a young man. Graduated at Melb. 'Varsity, where he was one ot the best speakers of Trin. Coll. Dialectic Society. Maxwell is son of a Presbyterian parson, was a Sunday-school teacher. f '—/Photo, by Humphrey, Melb. Mr. George Edwin Emery, Inspector Gzn. Commissioners Savings Bank. W. A. Watt, the Vic. P.M.G. who jumped the largely Labor seat of North Melb. three years ago, offered the succession of the Essendon seat. The offer was very tempting, as Essendon is a nice seat, and North Melb. is not. Watt, however, sticks to the North mostly because he will not run away from Prendergast. James Mirams is in the field for the Brunswick Federal electorate. He had a very kindly reception. Mirams was the only member of Parliament landbooming to get into gaol, and he deserved gaol the least of all. He will not win the seat. Sir George Turner, with the larger outlook opening before him, has had the good sense to retire from municipal life. It was always an anomaly to have Councillor Turner pointing out the necessity for the Government providing for St. Hilda's wants when, as Treasurer, he had decided that no more money should be granted to Councils. The late Dr. Dagmar Berne, who died of consumption at Trundle, N.S.W., last week, was one of Sydney's best known lady medicos, and, until her health failed, had an extensive practice. It is only 12 years since, at 17, she matriculated at Sydney University. Warnambool (Vic.) has the dubious distinction of enrolling, in the loc^l artillery, the first Hindoo admitted to the ranks of the military forces in Australia. Martin Donohoe, once on Sydney Evening News, and now war correspondent to the Londn Evening News, has married in London Miss Margaret Tilley, of Sydney. The ceremony over, he returned almost immediately to the front. Sir Jenkin Coles, Speaker of the S.A. Assembly, was early in life a police trooper at Kapunda, and there are many in and near that town who can thank him for being a friend in need. Bad seasons, &c.;, compelled many farmers to mortgage their property, and of necessity brought them within the sphere r.f his duties as bailiff. To rescue them from their dilemma he often advanced the sum necessary to discharge their liabilities, and to enable them to carry on till good seasons came round. Sir Jenkin has many interests in the Light district, and is very popular. A most extraordinary divorce suit was heard recently in America at St. Louis, where, in answer to the petition of Mrs. Bates, a society lady, her husband filed a cross-petition, in which the lady was charged with misconducting herself with the Ghost of Florence, the deceased actor who was so popular some 20 years ago. Alderman Warren, of Brokei? Hill, has a mate in misfortune in the person of Patrick Eiley, from Gundagae. He droppetl into the hairdresser's shop of Walter Thomas "ocurrali, of Georgestreet, Sydney, xor a shave recently, and emerged in about 15 minutes with not only a clean chin, but also a clean sot of teeth, and a very bad temper, only to return in less than no time with a policeman and a demand for the return of 15/ or so—his change out of a sovereign. Scurrah refused to pay up, and Raley brought him before Pay ten, S.M., who said it was a clear case of fraud, and fined the teeth-cleaning hairdresser £o, or a month. Captain B , of one of our newlyformed ornamental companies, is not very popular with his brother officers. A junior lieutenant met him in Bundlestreet, and both were in mufti I The lieutenant greeted him with "Hallo. B , you don't look happy." "Sir," said B , stiffly, "when you are in plain clothes, and you meet your captain in plain clothes, you must either greet him in a proper manner or else entirely ignore him." The subaltern bowed and passed on. Three days later Captain B was dong the block with some very Bwell friends, when the lieutenant approached. The captain waited for the salute, but the lieutenant stopped, and said with great gusto, "B , I entirely ignore you," and went on his way rejoicing. Lieut* Collins (S.A.), Wounded at the front. Samuel Begg, the clever artist who contributes to several of the London illustrateds, is another example of "colonial" push. He is a native oi Napier (N.Z.), and, acting on the advice of a tourist, who had admired his caricatures, he eventually got to London. The Bulletin, m its early days, had some of his work. FANNY CERITO CIGARS. A Cigar which is rapidly taking the place of other Havana Cigars. Phipps Turnbull & Co., sole proprietors, Melb. 