A NEW CHURCH AT WAGRA. ELOQUENT DISCOURSE BY THE RIGHT REV. DR. GALLAGHER. MUNIFICENT DONATIONS. (By Our Special Reporter.) SUNDAY last was a red-letter day in the history of Wagragobilly, better known as Wagra. Some time ago Father Donovan, the revered pastor of the Gundagai district, assisted by his able assistant (Father Leahy) and a faithful people, decided to erect a new church at Wagra. The site chosen is a THE HON. T. M. SLATTERY, M.L.C. ^e'a^'ul1 ^on^^OTerlo'olcaia^ ; ^e :Tumut River, aiMr' dWtanrilthiiles from Gundagai;^ The-beremoriy of ' laying. the, foundation-stone was performed by jhis Lordship |the Right Rev- Dr. Gallagher, Coadjutor- Btjshop'of'Gouiburn. After officiating at 8 o' dock Mass at Gundagai on Sunday morning, his Lord- ship drove to Wagra in the company of Father Donovan, and was. accorded a hearty welcome. His Lordship assisted at 11 o'clock Mass at Wagra, the Re'y.' Fattier Donovan officiating. The Very Rev. Father' Gregory (Superior iofv the Pahsionist Fathers), who, in conjunction with Father Frede rick!. , has juit conduoted a successful series of Missions, occupied a seat within the sanctuary. Tliere' was a large congregation, several coming from Gundagai. The building which has done' duty as: church for 20 years is little better than a slab hut. The new building, dedicated to St., Denis, which is to be 35ft by 17ft and 13ft high, i will be opened in Sepceraber. The bricks will be set on concrete foundation. The sanctuary will be 12ft by. lift, the sacristy 9ft square, and porch 8ft square. The contractor is Mr. W. Warbrick, Gun dagai, ' After 11 o'clock Mass his Lordship delivered an .able diicourse on the Feast of Pentecost. To-day ?they were assembled for a holy and practical pur ipoB.e, and what more beautiful day could there be to .ask. the Holy Ghost to1 come into the hearts of the tfalthful people and sanctify the church that the good people of Wagra were setting up for God's ?worBhipL DR. GALLAGHER'S E&.RNEST APPEAL TO CATHOLIC YOUNG MEN. 4 His Lordship Dr. Gallagher concluded by a special appeal to the young men, of whom there' was a large ; number present— young men, too, of whom, M his Lordship said, any pastor might well be proud— with che fresh, ruddy glow of health, of splendid physique, of intelligent look, of upright, ' .manly bearing. ? He would ask them to form one or itwo practical resolutions on a day like this. It was va 4ay the memory of which should not be , allowed fto easily fade away. Ht would ask them to firmly jreislre that, while they believed the doctrines and were - loyal to the principles, they would practise' tthe precepts, and strive to illustratt, by the example (of mdustrious, sober, energetic, innocent, and beau tlilf ill lives, the elevating influences of their ancient faith- Let them resolve to be assiduous and atten tive listeners at the instructions which they would haar delivered from the alUr. Let them resolve never to be absent, if they possibly could be present on each succeeding Sunday at Holy Mass, at the offering of the great Sacrifice, the clean oblation which our Holy Mother the Catholic Church alone retained, and which alone, by offering up the blood of the Immaculate Lamb, was capable of appeasing the wrath of ah angry God exasperated by the sins of an ungrateful world. Let them imitate the example of their fathers and mothers in building up the material edifice. They were giants in those days— those fine Catholic pioneer fathers and mothers of whom the present generation ought to be so justly proud. The solid and stately buildings .--churches,; convents, schools, and: presbyteries — vwhichiiii thiB diocese alone adorned the banks of ?' : . -,U! i.lJV/ to.'i'iBVi' ??(?.,..;( (7/ ;. V.i.J.':.\\- '.i, I:;.'.-:' -??'?; / ^mi.-v..rf..oi--.^J!v :o }.:f-jS!Vjiu;r-MUi., ';.!i ?)} !?...; . : -.-ui I their majestic river from Ifaas to. Hay, were endur ing monuments of the strong faith and magnificent generosity of their Catholic fathers. They had gone, most of them, into the house of their eternity, intq the house prepared for all the liyi g, and their place on earth knew them now no .nmrej But they were' with us still, in the memory f their sit cere simple faith, and good works and leligioua lives ; with us to fill our mindB with nub e thoughts, to take from, us the fear of death, aid to lift up nur fioule to heavenly desires. Let ke youcg men imitate especially their good fatl.ers and mothers by going humbly and devoutly, with lively faith and firm hope, at regular and Btated times, to Confession and . Holy Communion. The brick or 8-;one or even marble buildings I might: bcrumble ft: into r- dust^v ???? nBut/iithe; 'strong faith. and the praoticefrthe :simple, sincere, devout, humble, constant practice, of our, religious duties, ; ought to be handed down from generation to gene ration. It was the numbers crowding around the : confessional — as he was told- had been: the case here and at Gobairalong during the weak— and preparing themselvets for. Holy Communion, to go to the altar of God— to' God Who rejoiceth over youth. It wbb the multitudes coming from far and near— from mountain and plain — to the church on Sunday to hear the Holy Mass and pray. It was the faithful saying of tl?e Rosary every night as a family deyo tion-— offering up to the good Father Who is' in heaven the homage of ' united and happy families ?under the protection of our Mother Mary in her own beautiful devotion of the Rosary.. It \- was the teaching of the Catechism to the little ones— the little lambs of the flock of Jesus tht Good Shepherd ; and getting them ready for Con fession and Communion: and Confirmation. It wap this living in a Catholic atmosphere, this weaving of the golden thtfead of religion and religious prac tices into the warp and woof of our daily life, thai spoke out and bore witness to— still more than splendid buildings — the genuine faith of a true Ca tholic people. He (Dr. Gallagher) always felt at home in speaking to young Australians. Sixteen of the most vigorous years of his life, and he mignt add, the happiest, too, had been spent in the same house with Australian youth, at St. Patrick's Col lege. He knew their failings well. He knew and he appreciated their good qualities also, and thej had noble* qualities both of head and heart. They were, with few exceptions, right loyal to the faith of their fathers. They were generous in support of it. They were proud of the great thingn which our holy faith, in spite of terrible obstacles, was already accomplishing throughout the length and 'breadth of their beloved country, for humanity and for God, for the relief of human suffering, for the advancement of the human mind, to adorn, to purify, to elevate, to super naturalize social and domestic and individual life. Let them continue, as indeed they had been doing, to stand : by and lend a helping hand to our grand old Mother Church in the great struggle which she will have to make, greater still in the future than in the past; for the religious' education of our own children ; for the indissoltibility of the marriage bond, for the purity of family life, for the sanctity of the home, that happiest, holiest placejon earth, where the little ones, nestling under the maternal wing, are taught to do their duty and trust in God for the bring ing up in the bosom of religion of the foundling, the outcast, the orphan, for, in one word, keeping unbroken that mysterious beautiful golden chain that shall ever bind religion and religious principles and practices to the institutions of our young and free and progressive land. Let them rise up to the level of the splendid opportunities given them by God, and of their responsibility, too There are oonquests nobler than tho«e over the forces and powers of nature. There are triumphs still more worthy of admiration than depriving free-souled neoples of their liberty. Let them take courage, gird on their armour, and, I like, valiant soldiere, be ready to do battle for God and virtue and truth against irreligion and igno rance and sin. With buoyant feelings and strong, lpying hearts let .them go forth to. contribute their share, with their fresh, generouB, young enthu siasm, towards building up the true, progress, of our grand country on its only safe foundation — the solid rock-bed of our holy Catholic religion; - TxlE COLLECTION. Following are the principal donations received at the close of his Lordship's* discourse : — Dr. Gal lagher, dGS, 5s; Rev. P. J., Donovan, £60; Very Rev. Father Gregory, CP.,£lls; Father Frederick, O.P., £1 Is ; Rev. W. J. Dwyer, Wagga, £2 2s ; Rev. P. O'Shea, Wagga, £1 Is ; Rev. J. M. Ryan, A.dm., Goulburn, £1 Is; Rev. J. F. Leonard, Goul buin, £1 Is; Father«Hickey, Corowa, £1 Is; Messrs. John Pierse, Thomas Quirk, Michael Burke, James Quirk. P. Mulqueany, £20 each; Mrs- Holt, Mrs. ;M. Ivetfe, Mr. J. Webb, and Mr. M.-4uirK,*ll) eaeh ; Dr. Donovan, .Q.O., -Sydney; Messrs. G. iLast, W. Warbrick, J... M. Dodd, Robert Crowe, £5 ;each; Mr J. Leary and Mr. Morgan Ryan, £3 each; ?Mir'. Dorinld«oiv M.P., Miss M'Grath,' Mrs- Tracey, jMr. Last', junr , and Mr; Byrne, Turhut, £2 2s ieach. There were a number of small sums, in all i totalling between cash and certain promises £330, lonly leaving a liability on the church. of £120, iwhich is certain to be wiped out on the opening jday. ?;,.?? ;?.??'? ?? . ,;. - . .' LUNCHEON, PRESENTATION, AND SPEECHES. An adjciurrmeut was then made for lunch, provided by the good Catholic ladies of the district. Amongst those piesent were '.—Messrs. J. M. Dodd, IP.. J. Leary, W. T. Griffin, E. J. Walker, P. Sullivan, G: R. Gray. M. Ryan. M. Egan, N. Car berry, J P , J. J ' Quilter, J P., R. Donaldson, M.P., Mies M'Grath, ' Jacknla,' Gundagai, and Mr. A. Hunt. Mr. M. Ketfe read a well-phrased address of welcome to his Lordship. His Lordship, in reply, thanked the parishioners for their address It wa« stated that this was the first time he had visited their beautiful little val ley in his capacity as Coadjutor- Bishop of the diocese. His Lordship remembered well some 21 lyears ago, when younger and full of activity, he came there as curate to Father Dunne. That was ;in 1879 He acted as assistant to Father Dunne for three 'month's, and he now felt exceedingly happy in renewing acquaintanceship with the good Catholics of this beautiful little portion of our diocese. When first among them he had formed a very favourable opinion of the devotion and gene ?rosity of the, Catholics of. Wagra. He saw there jthe same Catholic spirit as in the old land, and in tradition, sentiment, and faith there was evidence iof everything that is noble and true in their hearts. It was his happy lot, after the lapse of 21 years, ' to be afforded the privilege of renewing acquaint ; ance with the people on this auspicious occasion. Their new church- would be a credit to the gene rosity and faith of the people, and equal to that of THE, HON. fDR. NAQH, M-L-C. GoboraUbng. His Lordship concluded by proposing; the health of Father D'onov an and. Father Gre:gpry.' ?'Father Donovan ' his Loid»hip remarked,* ' w a genuine soggarth aroon -one who has the best interests oi the people at heart— rejoicing in their joy and sharing in their sorrows.' (Applause.) Father Donovan 6aid he learnt with pleasure from Father Grsgory, who conducted Missions in the various centres in the Gundagai parish, that not even in holy Ireland were a finer people than in the Gundagai parish. (Applause.) , ,.,? Father Gregory said it wsb a Bourse of pleasure to him to come into their midst arid see the grand old Catholic faith so firmly implanted 'in- their hearts. He had given Missions for over 3fr years in, England, Ireland, and Scotland, but. he had never ^ been in a place where the people had shown bo imuoh faith and devotion to their pastors as here. (Applause.) ; His Lordship proposed the health of ' The Visi tors,' coupled with that of Mr. Donaldson, M.P. for Tumut, who replied in a happy speech. :' As a supplement to our reporter's account, wfli; give the following telegram published in Tuesday's' Sydney Daily Telegraph :— The church will coat' £450, Mr, W, Warbrick being the contractor/1 Although only about a dozen families reside in the locality, £340 haB already been raised by direct' subscriptions, together with, the collections made at Sunday's ceremony. * 