«^!l WAR il\l CHS MA \i^ THE MEN EDITOR'S SPECIAL WIRES. Colonel Cranberry Interviews Joss — Some Local Politics. Cumbo Gets Homesick. (By 'THE OWL.') My threat to make tho Chinaman listen to «vc(h and every one of tho Foderatlou oilcs was cruel. Had I reBected tor a moment I should not have uttered it. I am, In point of fact, a rather ooft-hearted man for a war corres pondent, nnvl I should hesitate Indicting such ii dreadful punishment, even on * pub lisher. And publishers, newspaper proprie tors, editors, and literary agent.i are ray natural enemies. I sliould not oven aak m/ mother-in-law, if I had one, to hear all the coming deluge of odes, especially thoso which will be Indited by tho bUBh parsons. I would not, either, condomn my bitterest foo to the Cask of judging between 'the rlv.il poots. Johnny Ono Lung squirmed about on tho floor for several minutes. I really thought ho wna going to give up tlio ghost, At length, however,- ho recovered uufflcUently to beg Joss to kill htm at once, 'ISettel you mokee go die,' he moaned, 'makeo go die now.' 'Listen !' I cried, 'unworthy mongrel as lliou art, thy pnln and nnguluh have moved me. I will grant you a remission of sen tence—flu condition*.' Johnny lay on tho flat of his front prais ing and thanking the idol. 'The conditions,' I continued, 'will Ii3 pevero !' 'Onn makee do anytlng,' ho murmured, 'You no nskce lead too mucheo lode.' 'Then,' I sold, 'you will first of aJl have to frivo up drink !' Tlio Chinaman groaned. 'No dlinkcci sam-ahtt ?' ho pleaded. 'Can rtllnkeo blnndy lllly drop 1' 'No,' I roared. 'Not a drop, not n toolhfull 1' 'Oan dllnkee,' ho begged, 'boeaTi bc lonrcah Mlsiee Tooth ?' 'No,' t ohoutcd. 'Nor Toohey either !' ?'WJiaffor you 7' 'Because,' I explained, 'you have of fended Jobs, and you raunt do penance I' 'No llkco !' ho grumbled. 'Alice Mnin, llkco bluo llbbon.' 'Yen,' I cried, 'you must wear tho bluo ribbon; you are not to touch a drop !' 'All II,' cald tho Celestial, with a ro elgnod nlr. 'Bltnoby,' ho added, under his brenth, 'catcheo 'nother Joss !' 'You are not to smoke opium 1' I re sumed. 'All li,' cried Ono Lung, and added : 'Ono Lung catcheo 'nothcr Joss plltty quick.' I bad juat isnucd this edict whoa Ool. Cranberry re-entered tho building.' I thought I would try a little practical joke on him, go I put my moutih to tho idol's mouth nnd hollered down, 'Hullo, Chero 1' 'Hullo !' replied tho Col., Bomowh'ffit taken aback. 1 'Is that the Exchange ?' 'Waal, I'm damned !' cried Cranberry. 'Put me on to 043,' I went on. 'American Consul at Pekln.' 'Qol dam my socks !' exclaimed my Yankee friond, 'eX thet doant clean wipe out tho alrth,' 'la that tho celobrated Colonel Oran herry, of Porkvllle, Pennsylvania 7' I oslced, In a loud, disguised voice. 'If so, I would ask him to step up to bho front.' The Colonel, eyolng Wjo Idol curiously, advanced a couple of paces. 'Waal, stranger,' ho observed, 'what kin 1 do for you ?'— 'an' dern my grand mother's ghost !' ho added to hlmaolf, 'If I kin quite mako tho conmni out. It Helta me how a gol domed wooden imago kin talk like that.' 'I «ra tho Boas-tallring Joss of China,' I Oald. . 'I guess you air.' 'I want n word ?with you, sir.' .. 'Yow air welcome to hev It, aoli !' 'It's a gol domed cuMoolty,' ho eald to himself. 'It's tho gol dornclcst curiosity outsldo of tlio Medical Muaeum in Washing ? ton city.' 'Are you listening, Colonel ?' I naked. 'I am, sah ! I mny toll you I -un listen Ing with a heap night, morn Interest th'nui I hev listened to tho speech of W. Bryan, tho silver- tongncxl orator of tbo U-jiltcd StfttCB.' 'Attention tlii-n,' nald I. 'I am a candi date for tlio Presidency.' 'Don't nny !' exclaimed tho Colonel. 'Yen; I din running entirely in tho Chi nese Interest !' ? 'Yew nlr on the yallor ticket !' 'Exactly; I coirtend Hint America ought to own China.' 'Yow nlr likely lo poll well, unh.' 'I bolievo I nhall.' 'Dern mo,' obnorved tho Colonel, examining tho Idol curiously out of tho corner of kin oyo, 'dern me If I kin boo how the Jigger works !' 'I boliuvo I iihaH ]x-n fairly woll,' I re sumed. 'It ennnot bo nnkl that I havo taken advantage of my public position to Suecopt brlbea from Tran?ivaal or ether foreign ngentB.' 'That mny bo In your favor, nnd It may not,' fiuid tho Colonel, uni;oly, 'VoHUch In 'Murka olr peculiar.' 'That 1b Ronornlly admitted,' I romurkctl. 'llut I hov good reason to think,' wont un Col. Cranberry, 'thet yow would bo a great draw. Kin yer give- mo any plwta ro gardlna yourself 1' Tho Colonel produced hla noto-boolc. 'I nm very old,' I bog«n. 'ICin yow atato In fleiKora exact ago 1' '1 wan built In tho year 70GG B.C.' 'Whnnr wer you when tho Flood took plftco 1' M doollno to nnawer.' 'Thet 1b bnd. It mny bo sot down In orldcnce aunlnnt you.' 'I don't care. I oau proro ftn alibi.' '?Hoy yow comunlcatort with tho Sydnoy Prcnn regarding tho burning question of naming tin avonoo aftor tho Qovwnor Genoral V 'I havo utudlod tho enthralling subject with intenno Interoflt, but I hnvo rofmlnofl from writing lottoro to tho pnpors -thereon. Tho peoplo of Dydnoy have uovor dono mo any injury.' 'What form of celebration do yew think nilvbiUiln to oolobrat© tho vlfllt of tho Dulto of York t' ''I ivoiild favor tho ontahllnhmont of n boor fountain In thn Domain.' 'For what purpose ?' 'For tlio purpose of the distribution of free drinks.' 'It Is a noblo Idea, sah, noble and god like. Hey yew any other Ideas 1' 'I would favor tho proclamation by go vornment of a six weeks general holiday, tho running of the trains and tramways free, tho opening of all the breweries and rostauran^ to the public, tho distribution of cash bonuses to deserving citizens, tho bestowal of fat sinecure billets In ttic Stato Department for needy pressmen, grants of land, money nnd valuables to indigent Australian authors, pensions to Austra lian poets, artists, musicians, sculptors, and singers, tho encouragement of art and letters under tho Commonwealth, tho ? ' 'Hold on I Hold on,' yelled tho Colonel. 'Yew hev the air and tho manner of a sensible Joss, but you air talkin' wild. Tew air talkin' through your hat. Tho traditions of the kentry and tho ideas, ns ep'lratlons, and habits of the citizens, ren der your suggestions dead Impossible.' 'YeB,' I replied, wearily. 'I bollove you are right.' 'Now,' Bald tho Colonel, 'if you had ad Tocated the giving of pensions, grants, and titles to thoso worthy Australian citizen's who hev mndo monoy out of cheese, or in tho butchering line yow would bo more in tech with your public.' 'But,' I said, 'tboso writers anil com posers and artists nro tho very mon who will do moro for United Australia to mako her great nnd famous before the world than all tho dull money-makers. They are the very peoplo who will ? ' 'They air tho very peoplo who will,' cried tho Colonel, interrupting mo, 'who will contlnuo to starve. Even tho prize ode, I go so fnr as to bet, will fall to tho lot of come academic bard, with tho in flooonce of a University behind him.' 'I suppose so,' I said. 'And ns for tho recognition of local genius, unh, in Australia, yew will find, sah, If your local genius wants recognition ho will hev to emigrate elsewhere. His na tive country Is no place for him, enh. An a native-born 'Murkan, I admire patriotism; I reverenco the genius of 'Murlta, sah; I am proud of my illustrious countrymen. We encourage art and letters, sah, as they do in Europe, enh, even as tliny do in Arabia, and on that account, Bah, I vlow tho Australians as a most lndefferent, and, ?I might say, uncouth peoplo. Thoy hov no national prldo, they air moro concerned oibout aythlng than the. advancement of their raagnincont country. Yes sah I ' Havo you got any moro questions, Colonel 7' I asked. 'Yas,' ropllcd tho Colenel, 'I want to ask you, no a probable Murkan speculator and contractor, 'whar B. W. O'Sulllvan is going to get the monoy to carry out all tho public works ho has promised 7' 'And as a Chinese. Joss,' I replied, 'I will only tell you that I bellovo the O'Sulll van Is going to draw on his own infinite resources.' 'Good business,' ropllcd tho Colonel. ' I am glad to hear it. When do you think they -will start to build tho North Shorn Bridge 7' ' Immediately after Christmas.' 'Indeed I So soon 7'' 'Aftor Christmas, 19C0 I' 'Yew air a fnr- seoln' Joss V 'I am old, nnd havo had experience. I can Bee as far through a brick wall as the noxt woodon god I' 'How do you account for Bill Lyne's sud don enthusiasm over tho Woman Franchise question 1' 'I do not attempt to account for It. It 19 right beyou'l me. Bill 1b not what you would call a lodleu' man, elthar.' 'Who told you thet '! I am in constant: communication with my friond, Kornal Boll, lato ''Murkan Consul, and he ? ' 'Sflh 1' I liiiid. 'Remember this Ib a public plncu within tho meaning of tho Act.' 'You nlr raot.t mynterloun,' isntd the Col. 'I was meroly fiolitR to remark thot ? ' 'For Hmven'r. unite don't !' 'Thet tho Kernal In mighty pleased with tho treatment')!') has rccelvod In Australia.' 'Tho Colonel has unld go,' I replied, 'In his own pecullnr nnd ilowory stylo of ora tory.' 'My friend, Kernal Hell, la n olovor man 1' 'I ngrco with you,' I nald. 'Colonel Boll is n distinctly clover man I' 'Wo air agreed,' «ald Colonol Cranberry, 'I am pi can ed to hear it. You will ex cijso mo not ho\v\nr,- I nm a Iltlle stiff in tlio Jolntn.' 'Don't, monllon it, nali I Now, I would lllio, beforo cloalns tlilo 5ioyar Interview, to nnk you a few further pursenal questions. Hov yow a voice ? ' A wild yoll from Cumlio provontod tho Colonel finishing his question — a wild, ngonliiod yoll. 'By posh !' exclalmod tho Colonel, 'if thar ain't two of 'om I' Ono Lawk turned a tilckly liaffron color. 'Holy umoke !' rono tho excited tongun of my nlgfter. 'By kerrlkco, urn planted daiwg ob urn uflllhy, low-llbed rupplnn nilno bin korrncklt vim tukull illn time mirtln.' 'What's up 7' I cried, in my natural voice, putting tho game away altogether. . 'What linn liuppcncd now t' Cumljo dhl not reply immediately, but 1 heard the h«ad of Uio unfortunato Chlncoo prloBl go nmn;»h nKnlimt tho wnll. 'Talco dat. urn cowardice rupplnn I' crleil Cumbo ; 'an' dat, nn' dat, ana dat !' 'You'vo klllvd him,' I Bald. . 'Urn fflful I' remarked tho nlRKcr, Vlcloimly. 'Urn only dlaroKrat urn can't bring um llbo an' kill ma ono nuthor fuut too I' '?What mndo you turn on him lllco that. ?' 'Um blto um Iob,' ho replied ; 'tro an* tro I' 'Bit your leg 1 How ?' 'With um toot, ob courno. Um rnp plan gctlit um kjir out ol- um moiit nn' UielvH) um by um carp ob um lee, nn' toar um llkot /la.tn dingo.' 'Woll, you hnvo done for him thin tlmo,' I rx\M, 'Let uu pot out of thin now.' I oponed tho door 1« I3io back of tho Idol and Dtopimd out. Colonel Cranberry Vaa waiting for mo. 'Kcrnal Crlcklewood,' Bald he, 'yew air a man of great resource ; yew air also a denied long-legged, or'nary practical Joker. I suppose yow think I took your dcrnod Joss in nlrncst, didn't yew 7' 'Earnest or not, Colonel,' I Bald, 'I'm jolly glad to got outside of that wooden god. Ho is not too well ventilated.' 'He would be a derned good speculation for a museum,' said tho Colonel. 'We could hire a fioocnt speaker to tenant hiB Inside and deliver o-ratlons by the hour.' 'Yes,' I agreed, 'and tell fortunes at a trait a, dollar a time. Thero is something in the idea, but we have no leisure for that now. Unless I mistake there arc sounds of another hostile demonstration down the street.' 'We must git,' said 'tho Colonel. 'Without delay. There is no luggage to pack. Let us go.' 'I will lead tho way,' roplled the Ameri can, drawing 'his six shooter. We encountered no opposition on our way to the alr-shlp. 'Take your seats, gentlemen,' cried Col. Cranberry, bustling round. 'I will start with the oncommon promptltood nnd dcr spatch of a George-Btroet electric tram.' 'Then,' I said, 'you will be mulct in heavy damages I' 'Nary damage 1' cried tho Colonel, as the alr-»hlp lifted geu'tly from nor moor ings. 'I kin always prove thet it wuz tho passengers' own fault.' The 'Washington and Nelson' bohavoa woll. {The Colonel had effectually repaired the faulty machinery, and sho steered as easily and readily as a North Shore ferry boat ; thero was also less danger of col lision. 'Whither away, Colonel 7' I asked, pre sently. 'I am heading direct for Pekin,' he re pllod. 'I hope wo will be In time to tnko a hand in tho flghtln', and ef wo air too late for that I trust wo wilt be in tlmo to take part in the division of China.' It was not until the following morning that wo sighted the Sacred City. To our intense disgust wo found thnt tho fun was all over. The war had petered out. There wno no chnnco for any of us to mako history — not even Cumbo. The Colonel sont his card round to tlio American Consul, aud tho Consul came down in porson to welcome U3. Ho said thoy had been having a lively tlmo in Pokln, but ho reckoned tho despatch of tho N.S.W. Naval Contingent to China Just about decided tho war. Ho told tho Colour) that ho had received advices from his bro thor Sampson, who was down at Nankin busy establishing a trust In preserved rrin gor. Tho Colonel was plcnised at thnt. Ho Bald it would go hard with brother Snmp fion if he did not fret a trust out In Cuincso flroworks too. Ho thought ho would go down to Nankin and tnko a hand with Sampaon. China was a country to moko monoy in. He asked me If I would go with htm, nnd bring Cumbo along. Ono Lung was with him. I called my faithful henchman on ono Bide and put it to him straight : 'Now, Cumbo,' eald I, 'this Is a serious . matter. The Colonel wanta us to stay In China ami embark In trade. He haa capital, and can command capital. How do you think on' the question 7' 'Boss,' began tho nigger, aftor a pause, 'you bin wauttt stop longa dis godpfor saken country 7' 'I'm undecided,' I said.' Cumbo shook hla head sadly, 'Mlno bin tlnklt 'Stralia bos' country.' 'The best country in- tho world,' I said. 'Um lutobly climate.' 'Yea, tho finest on oarth.' 'Ura easy gettlt llbbon.' 'Unf easy gettlt llbbon. You bin go gottit tommyhawk, gotUt teat, gettlt blllycan, little plour, tea, tsugar— all right !' 'Go and live In tho bush like a savage 7' 'Yowl, um plenty sabbige maklt mor« happy dan 'white pfollor. My oat 1' 'You want to go back to Australia 7' I askoVl. 'Yowl. Um natlb country. Um rathor bin go die longa 'Stralia dan lib nuttier country.' 'I'm a bit sweet on tho Old Dart myBolf,1' said I. 'I'd Junt like to iieo tho sun shin ing on tho South Hoad now.' 'Wherobbor um go,' Bald Cumbo, 'on um pfaco Ob um wldo wldo year till um nlwaya want to 80o dat. Um heart alwayn turnin' longn Sydnoy town ; uni heart nlwnya pliiln' nil' hungcrlu' pfor um own country.' 'Yo»,' I said ; 'I've mot thorn north and oast aud went— oxlk-ii ; all clasnco, all -wtll- lngs, and tholr hcartu woro there. They wanted to go back, too. Poor devlhi I Many of them will never i?ct there. They will lonvo tlioir bonen out on Uio dry Wen torn plains, or In Uio niolot Juni;leii of tlio North, nnd they will die, moot of thorn, with thnt vlnlon of homo, homo — Uio mveet, otornnl vlalon — boforo their illmy oyea !' 'Homo,' unlil Cumbo, noftly. 'Mlno bin ono poro olo mibb'lftc, Mnrn I5-lwat\l ; but um want to co home illsi ono funt time. You blu.tfo Ioiikii um own country ?' I thought at the moment, an Cumbo pleaded with team In hla «yen, Unit Uioro wnn moro truo patriotism in tho black follow— 4hn orlKln»l owner of tho soil— thnn in tho whttn Australian. I knew that If wo etnyod in China It would 'break my faithful inlEKor'n heart, and that nlKCer had boon Kood to me. Ho hail been worth nioooy to mo. I had often foil ami kept and clothed myBolf on tho 'copy' I had unulo out of lilm. Ho had miuio peoplo laugh. I hart dot to lovn him ; oven to bollovo In him. Ho mlpht lmvo been a myth and an lm ponnlblllty to «orao people, but ho wnu no myilli lo mo, cupeclnlly on pay dnyii. Ho toad his faulto certainly, but then all oha ructerB, lltoraiy nil well an real, liavo their faults, and I could afford to forgive him if tho public could. Was I, then, going to lenvo him in China 7 No, Ho miijlit bo of lino to mo at nomo futuro time, and nn I had Inwardly deter mined to roturn t' my own country, I might na well tivlto him aloiiR. flo I paid, 'All rl(.;ht, Cumbo, wo'll ntart back to-morrov/.' And -t.ho fnlthful blackfellow, iiharer In my ninny trlnla, nnd pi'lvallojin, ami cul voirliirt'o, In )i!;i wcat Joy iiolzod Johnny Ono Luuk'ii hat, hurled it ht|;h 1' tho nlr, and Jumped on It wlion 1L foil, FINIS. Milling Information nnd nrtvlco to opecu latorii. 'Hundny .Tlinnij,' 2/ for throo monthii. BUBSCniUH NOW. 