TOPICS OF THE DAY- Mr W. G. Sprigg, secretary of the Mel bourne Tramway ami Omnibus Co. Ltd., writes na follows:— "1 am directed to rc- ques correction of un error In your paragraph re 'Tramway Extensions' In yesterdny's Issue. No proposal whatever Iiuh been made lo the company by the conference, and the company has not In timated any desire for an extension of Its Ictuses In reLurn for carrying out any or all extensions that may be suggested. The meeting yesterday was only a pre liminary talk In the matter, und served for a statement of the company'a posi tion, that It 1h content with its present lease, uud Ih not desirous of itself to ex tend Its lines, but Lh willing to consider any rcusunablc proposition that may be made by municipal authorities." People in the Melbourne .suburbs would do welt to be on the lookout Just at present fur spurious coins. The counterfeits lake the form of half- crowns, and are said lo be specially good Imitations. As a mutter of fuct they are copper silvered over. Two residents of WIHIamstown have been victimised during the past few days although oue, owing to his prompt discovery, succeed ed in obtnlntng restoration. Yesterday Thomas Stephen Collier Brown, CS years of uge, who had resided at No. 17 Huddle street, North Richmond, and who had been unwell for a short time previously, was brought to the Mel bourne Hospitul In an unconscious slate. He never recovered his senses, and died last night. The death wits reported to the City Coroner, who lias directed a jjost-morteni examination to be made. Charles Hurting, 07 years of age, un married, a gardener, who had rati tied in Spring street, city, was udmlttcd to the Melbourne Hospitul yesterday afternoon In an unconscious condition, and died a few hours aftenvards. Death is be lieved to have been due to natural causes, but tin there was no history of the cose, the matter wus reported to the City Coroner. A post-mortem will be made. Ex- counclltor James Challis In probab ly one of the oldest municipal council lors In thu colony, having seen service In tho Wllllnmstown Council with one break for 21 years. At tho lu.it elec tion, ho was defeated, and the Council by resolution has ordered the following letter to be sent to him:— "Sir, — By direction of the Council of the Town of Wtlliamstown. I have the honor to con vey to you their very cordial and hearty appreciation of your services us a coun cillor, rendered to the municipality dur ing the 21 years you have occupied a seat ut the Council tabic, us Mayor, councillor, and chairman of the Public 'Works committee. You have given your time ungrudgingly to the duties of the ofRce, and earned the unstinted approba tion of your colleagues and the public generally, nnd now on your retirement can rest from your labors with the con sciousness of having done your duly faithfully. T have the honor to be, sir, yours faithfully, Geo. F. Smith, Town Clerk." The eleventh Victorian Christian En deavor Convention will meet on Wednes day next. There will be u meeting of the council at half-post two o'clock in the afternoon, and in the evening a welcome meeting will be held in the Collins street Independent Church. Oil Thursduy a tea meeting will be hold at the Exhibition, followed by a public meeting, uf which the Hon. Alfred Dcakln, M.L.A., will be chairman. __ On Friday there will be a junior rally'at the church at 3 o'clock, and In the evening denominational rallies. On .Saturday a picnic will he held at Men- tune. On the following Monday there will be a demonstration meeting In the Melbourne Town Hull Iu the evening, und on Tuesday there will be consecration meetings, commencing nt 7 o'clock. Con ferences, which nre open to the public, will be held each day, buth In the morn ing nnd afternoon. We have received from X.Y.55. the sum of 10s und from "A Few Railway Men" Cs 6d on behalf of Mrs M'Carlhy and her family, of Footscroy, who have been In distressed circumstances. The numbur uf cases relieved by the committee of the Melbourne Ladles' Benevolent Society for tlie fortnight ended September 25th was €81 (number ing 3400 Individuals), comprising:— Widows, 417; sick und Inllrm, 138; de serted wives, 31; wives whose husbands are in prison, 4; wives whose husbands nre absent 21; wives whose hus bands are partially employed,, 7; wives whose husbands are un employed, 17; aged couples, 43. Out lay during the fortnight. In relief uf coups, L148 14s 4d. Contributions brill he thankfully received by the hon. treasurer, Mrs Jnmiesun, 00 Exhibition street; by Die secretary, 201 George street. East Mel bourne; or by the collector. Mm G. E. M'Dowell, 20 Highbury Grave, Kcw. The committee thnnkfully acknowledge the following donations: — Clothing from "Time and Tulunts" Association, per Miss Guthrie; hag of clothing from "KUIdeH'n Creek;" bundle of clothing sent anony mously. Messrs Beaucliamp Brother; kindly receive parcels of clothing, etc./ nt their oflice, 321 Collins street, for the society. A social, promoted by tho employes of the North Carlton Tramwuy, In uld of cx-grlpman Lanigan, who has been in valided for the past six months, will take place in thu Exhibition Ilnll on Wednes day evening. A lengthy programme of dances, songs, etc., tins been drawn op, nnd a good attendance Is expected. Tickets ut nno shilling each can be ob tained from all employes. Dancing will commence at eight o'clock. Mrs M. E. Kirk, the general necretury of the Women's Christian Temperance Union of Victoria, desires to acknowledge tho receipt of the following monetary and other donnllons in aid of the Indian Famine Belief Fund:— From Vermont nnd district, per MIhs Lloyd, L6 10s 6d; Lan caster Union, L1 15s; Port Fairy, Is lid; parcels of clothing from Pmhran, Queens- cliff, Kynbram. I'ort Fairy und Korolt Unions, Mrs Erasliuw, and Mrs Mount- Joy. Tho Parkvllle Presbytorlun Football Club held their first annual social In the Parkvllle Hall last night. Mr J. M'Lel- bin in thu chair. Mr H. Young prcsunt- cd Mr D. Bcott, Jun., with unhandsome gold medal suitably Inscribed, ns a mark of upreclatlnn of his services. The ladies present handed round coffee, cukes und fruit, and an enjoyable even ing was spent. The anniversary banquet of the Vic torian Locomotive Engine-drivers' and Firemen's Association will bo held to night In the Masonic Hull nt a quarter to eight. Tlie Bev. Iluckett Smith, M.A., whose lectures In Melbourne a few years ago will be remembered, him returned to this city. Ho Is announced to give a . short scries of Illustrated lectures on new sub jects, Including the Paris Exhibition and Gordon und Kitchener, the true story of Khartoum. The box-plan will bu open' at Allan's Music Warehouse on Wednes day. A lecture recital by the Rev. J. Alwyn Ewen will be given at the Masonic Hall on the 12lh October, when the works of popular novelists, Burrle, Crockett, and M'Laron, will be dealt with. The Lieu tenant-Governor will preside, and Lady- Madden wilt attend the lecture. The "Wellington (Kansas) Mall" desig nates a Mr Johnson, who recently bought the "Oxford Bee," Knnsas, an experienc ed editor." Ho has filled every position from "devil" on a country weekly up to managing editor of a" dally newspaper. He has also had experience In mining, breaking wild horses; working on the ranch as a cowboy, surveying railroads, driving Rocky Mountain stage coaches, "whacking" bulls, and running a saw mill. He Is a dead shot with any kind of a weapon from an elm club to a thlrteen- Inch gun. He has been rolled under a saw log. thrown down a mountain by n I bucking broncho, and hugged by a grlx- zly bear, in short, he knows how to run a country newspnt>cr. One day (a legal correspondent writes to the "Dally News") bufore the late Lord Chief Justice of England took silk, he wus sitting In court, when another barrister, leaning across the bunches during the hearing of a trial for bigamy, whispered, "UtibHcU, what's the extreme penalty for bigamy?" "Two inothurs-ln-law," In stantly replied Ituxsci. According to tho London "Dally News" "lhn.su who have n fancy fur occupying bourns wlUt a story nttachcd to them may like to make a bid for the solid-looking mansion which the third Napoleon occu pied during a portion of his residence In London, situated In King strcut. Nt. James's. It will soon be 'going,' as thu auctioneers say. We cannot believe that the French Emperor was ever regarded as u hero, unless It was by his valet, but as every Cockney knows, there is a memo rial plate on the wall to keep his memory green. At all events, this piece of pot tery authenticates Die interesting domes tic fact Dial this was once the home of the Man of Destiny; and a person of de cent Imagination will readily associate the hatching of plots nnd the reception of furtive, and, perhaps, rather seedy con spirators In any of tho apartments. There are worse Introductions to Society than a house an Emperor once lived In. It is even better than an aristocratic ghost." Mrwrs W. K. Wells an-1 Son will off«c for enln on Monday, nt cloven o'clock, ut 71 Horbort street, Albert Park, furniture, etc. Tbo n.n. Ddlna will inako an excursion trip to PortnrUngton und Oci'long tomorrow morn ing. leaving Quocn' Wharf nt :l o'clock. Tho National llaso Society meet at Evans' Cafe, ICS Swanslon street, at 8 o'clock on Mon day uveniug. Subject: Garden Roses and Hy. brldlHatlon. Mewr J. Lyons and Co. will sell on behalf of Mr Moss Isaacs, of Elizabeth street, nt 52 Qureu Htroct, at eleven o'clock on Monday, un redeemed pawnbroker's pledges. Messrs Huyleo nnd Co. will offer for salo on Thursday ncxt.at their room. 325 Collins street, at half-past ten o'clock, under instructions from Mr A. Dowdull, pawnbroker, of Windsor, ovcrduo pledges. Mr W. V. Robinson, C.M.G.. Clerk of Parlla- ments, will Iccturo beforo tho Colllngwood Ilranch A.N.A, on Monday evening next, at half-past elghL Huhjcct: Reminiscences of Uio Parliament of Victoria. Visitors aro in vited. Dr. J. W. Uarrctt will deliver a Iccturo on Monday night, beforo Uio Jewish I. horary So- clcty, entitled, "Some Notes ut Travel." Tho Iccturo will bo fully illustrated by lantern slides. Tho society moots at Duxton's Art Oallcry. Visitors aro Invited to attend. ' 