Ordination Charge. 11 The Holy Ghost in relation to the Christian Ministry.' Dear Beethben, — We welcome you to the brotherhood of the Methodist Ministry. You could be invested with no trust mure sacred, discharge no duties* more honourable, nor enter a calling more noble. We are glad that you have passed the . time of your pro bation successfully. You have com mended yourselves to your fathers ana brethren, and by their vote you have been received into the full work of the ministry among us. We have listened with deep interest to your account of your conversion, your call to this office, and the pledges you have given, that, God helping, you will be faithful minis ters of the Lord Jesus Christ. The solemnity of the occasion has been deepened by your participation in the sacrament of the Lord's Supper. And now in the presence of your Divine Master, your fathers and brethren, this congregation, and it may be of the great cloud of witnesses, you have been solemnly ordained to the work of the ministry. Doubtless to-day, you have felt the responsibility of your position press on you with almost overwhelming force. It has been a time of earnest prayer and much heart- searching. At the feet of Jesus you have flung your selves, and the cry has risen from your very souls, ' Who is sufficient for these things?' You have implored Divine help,. and vowed intenser conseoration to your work. I now draw your at tention to the following words : 'The Holy Ghost said separate me Barnabas and Saul for the work whereunto I have called them. Then when they had fasted and prayed, n.nrl ln.iri fTieir Vio.nrla nn t.ViQm fViow aanf. them away.' — Acts xiii, 2-3. The im pressive word3 I have just read, and which I want you to bear in mind while I am addressing you, prove that our Church is quite right in insisting that conversion is an indispensable qualifi cation for the office of the Christian ministry. The Holy Ghost does not separate unsaved men to that sacred office. CONVERSION AN INDISPENSABLE QUALIFI CATION. The conversion of Saul, mentioned again and again in the Acts and the Epistles, is one of the great facts of the New Testament. It was through his conversion that he was able to under stand Christianity, and feel sympathy with its spirit and purpose. The scales fell from his own eyes before he was sent to open the eyes of others. He preached an experimental gospel, having obtained mercy himself before he de clared to others that Christ was able to save to the uttermost. Saul had to be come a new creature, by the washing of regeneration and the renewing of the Holy Ghost, before he was separated to be a minister of the grace of God. What he knew and felt he preached. Jesus was a living reality to his own soul before he became a minister to the Gentile world. The conversion of Bar nabas was equally real. He too, was brought into personal union and ac ceptance with Christ before he was sep arated to the work of preaching the Gos pel. The things of God are spiritually dis cerned. No man is qualified to preach the great truths of Christianity who has not received the illumination of the Spirit of God. It would be a solemn mockery to appoint men to preach the Gospel who had not felt it to be the power of God to their own salvation; to preach pardon and remain unfor given, regeneration and not be a new creature, the beauty of holiness and remain sunk in sin. Such a travesty of the Christian ministry smites with a moral leprosy those who take part in it, and . does grievous dishonour to the cause of God. It is to kindle strange fires upon God's altar and to touch the ark of God with unhallowed hands. In the solemn work to which you have been ordained, believe me, nothing whatever can be a substitute for Christian cha racter. No power of thought, no grace of expression, no preparatory training, no laying on of episcopal hands, no solemnities of ordination could avail without a change of heart. Saul and Barnabas were converted men, and you have told us that your sins were par doned, your hearts renewed, and that you have been made new creatures in Christ Jesus. Thus far you are on the right track, and as saved men are in the goodly company of Saul and Barnabas. But now let us go a step further and see if the likeness still holds. CALLED BY THE HOLY GHOST. Saul and Barnabas were separated to their work by the distinct call of the Holy Ghost. Here we find ourselves again close to the supernatural, forced to a recognition of the majesty and authority of the Holy Ghost in the momentous matter of choosing men to bear the responsibilities and discharge the duties of the Christian pastorate. The usage of our Church and your own experience agree with the teaching of the narrative in this also. Our Church never did believe, it does not now believe, in a man-made ministry ; it believes that only He who made the worlds' can make a faithful minister of the Gospel. It does not ordain anyone to this ministry unless it is persuaded that he is moved thereto by the Holy Ghost. Should the candidate regard his own wish or the desire of fond relatives as the call of the Spirit; should he run when God has not sent him, or prophesy when the Lord has not called him; should he take thin honour upon himself, how can he expect comfort, help, or fruit from God ? But you have assured us that you believe you are moved by the Holy Ghost. We rejoice therefore, dear brethren, to find in regard to this second qualification you are in the position of the eminent men mentioned in the passage before us. CONCURRENT VOICE OF THE CHUBCH. But in their case there was also the concurrent voice of the Church in setting apart these men. Have we not for all time in this narra tive the true principles of appointment to this sacred office ? In this respect also you are in line with these distin guished preachers of the Gospel. By the vote of godly laymen in the quarterly meetings of the circuits of your fellow ship and service you were recommended as candidates ; and now, after sufficient probation, with the evidence of grace, gifts, and fruit, and after much prayer, you have solemnly been set apart to this sacred office by the laying on of hands. Surely it must be a holy joy to you to find yourselves in the goodly company of Barnabas and Saul. Con verted, moved by the Holy Ghost, called by the Church, and ordained by the lay ing on of hands. But it is necessary that the parrallel should be further con tinued. They preached with power and with the Holy Ghost sent from heaven ; they were sustained in their work by the Holy Ghost. If yours is to be a min istry of power and pentecostal blessing, it must be your earnest and constant care to discharge all the duties of your ?-.??- sacred office under the direct influence of the JHoly Ghost. You must exercise a dependence. NEED OF THE CONTINUED An) OF THE HOLY SPIRIT upon Him, which shall be the habit of your life. Dwell in the Spirit ; walk in the Spirit ; be filled with the Spirit. Thus you will be strong to resist all temptation, overcome all sin, and per form all duty. Nothing can be a substi tute for being filled with His fulness, for then your bodies will be temples of the Holy Ghost ; your intellect will receive the light and leading of His Divine illumination ; thoughts and judgment and imagination, memory and hope will be Buffused with His spirit, light, and life. And further, He will nourish your spiritual life, strengthen faith, inflame love, brighten hope. As you desire that yours should be a min istry of power, I beseech you cherish deep and reverent sense of themajesby and graciousness of the Eternal Spirit. It is not enough for you to say ' I believe in the Holy Ghost.' His name must be graven upon your inmost soul too deeply to be forgotten. To all your ministerial duties your souls must go out to Him as your own Guide, Teacher, and Friend. Earnestly seek that His hallowing, guiding, comforting presence may spiritualise and enrich your whole life and ministry. Only as you are moved by His sacred unction will you preach with power and with the Holy Ghost sent down from heaven. Well will it be for yourselves and for the people of your care if you can think and feel, speak and aot under His gracious promptings, for you can never have adequate spiritual results as a minister if you are divorced from the Holy Ghost — the Comforter. There is a deep and vital connection between personal piety and ministerial power, between successful preaching and holy living. Remember to your comfort that the deity and personalty and the attributes and influence of the Holy Ghost are happily related to the successful dis charge of your ministerial duties. THE HOLY GHOST AND MINISTERIAL DUTIES. Has He not inspired every lesson you will read in the sanctuary, every text from which you will preach, every promise with which you would cheer the contrite and sorrow-laden, every precept by which you would guide the erring and perplexed, every warning by which you would arrest the unsaved ? It will be your joy to lift high the cross of the atoning Christ and call men to look to Him who is mighty to save, who is to make your utterances about the Saviour of mankind mighty ? Was it not the Holy Ghost who inspired patriarch and priest, psalmist and prophet to foretell the sufferings of Christ and the glory that should follow ? Surely the Holy Ghost was the promise of the Father, the Bevealer of the Son, the Attestor of His resurrection, the Vindicator of His claims. The Spirit proceeding from the Father and the Son can alone reveal the Christ to the hearts and consciences of men. Again it will be your duty to set forth the vileness of sin, the majesty of holiness, the solemnity of judgment to come. Who can help you but the Divine Spirit, who has access to the inner depths of the human soul beyond the reach and appeal of argument from human lips ? His function is to con vince the world of sin. It is your hope that through your ministry gracious dispositions and noble purposes, holy resolves and Christian hopes may be inspired ; but is not the Spirit of God the source of all these ? It is by the renewing of the Holy Ghost that the human soul is raised from the death of sin to the life of righteousness. NO SUBSTITUTE FOR THE BAPTISM OF FIRE. Throughout your whole ministry you will be convinced of your need of the Holy Ghost. There can be no substitute for His baptism of power. Without His anointing, your ministry, like the hills of Gilboa, will be bereft of the dews of heaven. Dowered with natural ability, rich in culture, gifted with the grace of utterance, you might preach to large congregations in country sanc tuaries, have a fine choir and a full treasury. Yes, you might command praise for eloquence and scholarship, but if the Spirit of God — the breath of heaven— be wanting, all would be a scene of death, the fine human appoint ments being as flowers upon a corpse. , ' Not by might nor by power, but by my Spirit, saith the Lord.' .YOU ARE SEPARATED TO A GREAT WORK. ' Let us now consider the great work to which you have been called by the Holy Ghost — 8 till keeping to the guidance of the narrative before us. Shortly after their- ordination we find these men taking a leading part in the service of the synagogue. An important part of your work will be to minister in holy things in the sanctuary. CONDUCTING PUBLIC WORSHIP. Public worship is of immense importance to the individual, the family, and to national life. It is a public protest against infidelity in all its forms, a witness to immortality, a reverent re cognition of God's existence, of His supremacy in creation, providence and redemption, and of his claims upon our united adoration. How great will be ? your need of the unction of the Holy Ghost in conducting the services of thg Sanctuary. You will need to go from the secret communion of your study to your pulpit. You must be alone on the Mount with God, if the people are to be inspired by the reflection of His divine glory on your brow. Alone with God before the service, you will seek spiritual qualification for conducting it. Bowed before the Master of assemblies, the prayer will well from your soul, ' Lord uphold me with Thy free spirit, then will I teach transgressoi s Thy way, and sinners shall be converted unto Thee. 0 Lord, open thou my lips, and my mouth shall show forth Thy praise.' If, in the retirement of your own room, you thus pray to your Father in secret, He will reward you openly. Many times as you enter the sanctuary and face' the congregation, the cry will arise in your hearts, ' Who is sufficient for these things.' It is no little thing to conduct a public religious service in harmony with God's will, and to the spiritual good of the congregation. To bear the congregation into the presence of God in intercessory prayer, to confess their sins, to articulate their cry for pardon, to ex press their gratitude, and beseech a supply of all their needs, to do this you will need to pray in the Holy Ghost. You will have to be reverent, prayerful students of the Word or God yourselves before you can hope to convey to the congregation the divine meaning of the lessons you read. IMPRESSIVE ASSEMBLAGES. How impressive the assemblage of wor shippers that will face you, up through the coming Sundays of your ministry ! Then, before you are the little ones — the lambs of God's flock ; you will not forget tc pray for them nor to feed the lambs. These are the young, in the spring time of their life, who, as plastic material, may at any moment receive an impression for good which neither the hand of time or the sweep of eternity shall efface. There are the parents bearing the burden and heat of the day, subdued by many cares . and anxieties. There are the aged, with feeble step and with staff in hand, nearing the margin of the grave. There are those who mourn; for the light of home has been quenched in death ; bright eyes have grown dim, and the loving voice has been hushed. There are the unsaved, the backslider, the indifferent. As you face this assemblage of immortal souls, penetrated with a sense of your own in ability and the responsibility that presses on your single soul, you will understand the utterance of the minister who, when ascending the ladder to his martyrdom, suddenly paused, not to beg for life, but to say to the weeping multitude, ' I ascend this ladder to die with less fear than I have often gone up my pulpit stairs to pray and preach.' The captain of the ship has the lives of the voyagers in his hand. The ex ercises of a lawyer's talents may save or ruin families. The care or neglect of a physician saves or destroys life. But in the providence of God momentous issues involving character and destiny hang upon your lips. YOUR CHIEF WORK PREACHING. But yet another agreement exists between the eminent men before us and yourselves. The chief work to which Barnabas and Saul were called by the Holy Ghost was preaching ; that is your chief work also. As to the subject of your preaching, you cannot do better than follow their great example. They preached the whole trinity of love and power, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. THE FATHERHOOD OF GOD. They declared God the Father, the maker of heaven and earth, of angels and men, of time and eternity. In their view the universe was not con trolled by chance, blind laws, or un governed force, but by a Father's hand. God gave fruitful seasons, filling men's hearts with food and gladness. In this materialistic age, when men would drag the Eternal from His throne and make orphans of us all, you too must preach the Fatherhood of God, for all owe being and blessedness to Him. He pre sides over all with the majesty of holi ness and the tenderness of love. He is the great Governor of the physical world and the moral universe. Again, they preached the essential deity and gracious personality of the Holy Ghost. PREACH THE HOLY SPIRIT. They taught that He had inspired holy men to write the sacred page', that His enduement was the condition of power, His descent the evidence of the risen Christ, that He convinced of sin, that men became new creatures by the renewing of the Boly Ghost, and that it was through His concurrent witness that the believer knew he was adopted into the family of God. I beseech you, dear brethren, to preach the Holy Ghost. Quench not the Spirit. Do not let years go by without preaching I on His godhead, personalty and offices, ] or you may find yourselves bereft of His gracious power. Strive for the fire of Pentecost, the sign and seal of the J Holy Ghost. i PREACH CHRIST CRUCIFIED. ' Barnabas and Saul pre-eminently - preached Jesus Christ and Him cruci- 1 fied, and you must preach Him, too — * preach Him as a King. The sove- ? reignty of the world has been given to 1 Him. It is the will of the Father that ' He should be pre-eminent. His cross ; is the throne of the moral universe. ' He holds the sceptre of unlimited ] authority over earth and heaven and ' hell. His pierced hands have wrenched 1 empires from their hinges, directed 1 centuries from their source. His king- ' dom is widening with the processes of ' the sun. He must reign till He hath 1 put all enemies under His feet. All ' shall yet ' bring forth the royal diadem ( and crown Him Lord of all.' Preach [ Him as a priest, for He has offered a sacrifice once for all, and because He ( ever liveth to make intercession for us. * Hold fast to the cross of Calvary. Do ( all you can to proclaim the great truth j that ' Jesus Christ tasted death for i every man.' There is 'no other name.' ' Every other foundation is a foundation 1 of sand. Every other refuge is a refuge ' of lies; every other hope shall perish. ' Preach Him as the Messiah of the ages, '- the Desire of nations, the Great Teacher, ' the only object of saving faith, the '? Worker of miracles, the Judge of men, ' the King of glory, God's Son, man's : Saviour. : PASTORAL VISITATION. But further, the work to which you ? are separated involves a pastoral relation ' to the people of your care and love. ( Paul taught the people not only publicly, j but from 'house to house.' And while, ! as we shall see, you must be students ! and prepare the beaten oil for the sanctuary, while you must use your \ brains as well as your boots and i be in your study as well as in the ? street, yet if yours is to be a loving ' and efficient ministry you must ] not neglect pastoral visitation, for it is twice blessed, it helps the minister while it cheers the people. You may learn important lessons in visiting from house to house, which are not to be got else- ' where. It will increase your sympathy ! with your people in their conflicts and * sorrows. It will do more — it will enable you to prepare sermons which your 3 hearers will be swift to feel have a ! special adaptation to their respective needs. Of course, you will as you ' go ] about doing good,' visit the aged, sick, and the poor, the widow and the father less, and all who are burdened and shadowed in the struggle of life. In i the delicate position you will occupy you i will find it a great help to have the -\ kindly feeling of your people. Only let i them be convinced that you feel a i genuine interest in them as families i and individuals, that you are the true ( friend of their children, concerned for i their temporal and eternal welfare, and i you will bind their hearts to you as with £ bands of steel ; there will be a gracious i susceptibility to the Gospel message ; \ your words will distil as the dew ; you ' will speak as one having authority. ( Seek the Spirit of your Divine Master, i His was a ministry of sympathy. He ] cared for the people. His feet trod the 1 tear-stained pathway of the world seek- - ing the lost. He not only preached in 1 the Synagogue but went about doing i good. In all the afflictions of his 1 people He was afflicted, taking their - infirmities, bearing their sicknesses. No ( wonder the people heard him gladly, i And if our Church is to take the ] position designed for her, if the gulf i between the Church and the masses is i to be bridged over, there must be more 1 and more of the sympathy of the Son of i Man with the sobbing, restless world, i the feeling of friendship between the i pastorate and the Church must be in- i tensified. I commend this part of your i work to your loving, prayerful and dili- ( gent attention. I want, in closing, to 1 touch two or three points bearing upon i ;he discharge of the work to which you aave been separated. XOU MUST BE STUDENTS. Barnabas rendered a noble service, ivhich God approved and blessed ; but if pou think of the high importance, far caching iufluence, and singular emin snee of the ministry of Saul, it is easy so see that if God can do with our ignor mce, he can do with our learning, rhoughtful and studious Christian men aave rendered spiritual service of the aighest type to the cause of Christ. ? If pour hearts be right you cannot train pour intellect or enrich your mind too much. In understanding, you are to oe men. If any age required a well ;rained and well-furnished ministry, it is '\ ;his. The spread of higher education, the diffusion of literature, the influence of philosophical and scientific institu tions, have all united to stimulate the activity of the mind, and place the wealth oi thought within the reach of all. If you are to be able ministers of the New Testament, you must seek to be abreast Df the age. Eedeem the time ; be indus trious ;. have method in your work ; soncentrate your faculties upon the acquisition of knowledge, and seek for it as for hid treasure. The ministry to which you are set apart will repay your best gifts and acquirements. Study to understand the complex and restless life around you, but guard against the sub tile dissipations of the age. By pains taking toil and indomitable application strive to be thoroughly equipped for your work, and to be men having understand ing of the times. And most of all, you must study, the Bible. The addresses Saul delivered, show what a master he was of the principles and teachings of the Old Testament. Your study of the Bible must not only be reverent and levout, but intelligent and intenset If the greatest painters have gone to it for subjects, the noblest composers 'for themes, the finest writers for theirfillus trations, you who are ministers of its truth, must make the Bible the book of you chief study. At its shrine Bacon knelt and Milton worshipped, and in it Newton saw a higher firmament, where the Lamb is the light thereof, and God the glory. Criticism has given us back the Bible ; and at this hour the Bible is ihe centre of much of the highest ihought of the age. I beseech you, by jalm investigation, by persevering re ;earch, and by prayerful study so to steep your minds in the great truths of ;he Bible that you may be workmen lot needing to be ashamed, rightly lividing the word of truth. The work ;o which the Holy Ghost has called you mist be carried out. WHOLE-HEARTED EARNESTNESS. You have to preach to the men of ;his flge, and it is an earnest age, in ivhich the indolent are thrown aside, while the resolute go on to reap the results of their toil. Out on the high way of life there is a spirit of intense ictivity. Merchants listen to the ac 3ount of profitable adventure, and plan i hundred ways by which they may augment their earthly store. The 3tudent bends all his energies and ;oils on through the hazard of years ;hat he may win the coveted prize. Phe scientist will travel to deadly jliines, dwell with savage tribes to lurther the cause of science. The soldier places the costly offering of the life and ;he blood upon the altar. Surely, then,, aod's ambassador, Zion's watchman^ ;he shepherd of the flock would be recreant to his trust if he did not put leart and earnestness into his work. Souls are too precious, time is too short,, leath is too busy, and eternity too near it hand for any indifference on your Dart. If you go to your work with a 'eeble faith and divided heart you will 'ail. If you are turned aside by the lostility of public opinion or fear the 'ace of man you will not succeed. The idvocates of false religious systems are n earnest and will cross sea and land ;o make one proselyte; but you have the 3ublime faith of Christ crucified to leclare, and should you be less devoted ;han they? If the chase for gold can lame the blood, if the race for fame can stir the spirit, if the pursuit of pleasure can fire the soul, should not you as by a Divine compulsion seek the honour of Christ and the salvation of souls ? A NOBLE BROTHERHOOD. Others have laboured and you have entered into their labours. Your pre decessors in this land were men of moral rectitude and deep piety, superior to all earthly motives, with a rare patience, Christian zeal, unwearied energy, and a devotion beyond all praise, they laid the foundations of our Church in this land. They were marked by a loyalty to Christ and a passion for souls. With apostolic fervour they preached a free and full salvatiou through the sacrifice of the Lamb of God. Be loyal to the noble brotherhood you have entered. Trust our people to whom you will minister. Be faithful to your ordination vows, and in the discharge of the work to which the Holy Ghost has separated you, and you will have the esteem of good men, the approval of your own conscience, and the well done of the Eighteous Judge at lust, when all earthly glory shall have faded utterly away, when the fame of earth shall be hushed into eternal silence, ' They that be wise shall shine as the bright ness of the firmament, and they that turn many to righteousness as the stars for ever and ever.' 