THE HISSING COAT. My name is Frederick Putnam. I have been the last 10 years foreman and bookkeeper of the lumbering establish ment of William Winston & Co. Mr. Winston is the resident partner and man- ager of tho business. The other mem bers of the firm live in the city and at> tend to the sales of lumber which we send to them by vessel. One cold evening as I was preparing for home I heard footsteps outside, and presently a tall, stout, well dressed man with a small traveling bag in one band and a shav/1 over his arm entered the office. I was alone. I had already pnt on my overcoat and was turning down the light. "Good evening," said the man, walk ing np to the stovo and kicking the damp er open with his foot. "Has Winston gone to the house?" I answered that he had. "Whew! I was afraid of it." He drew out his watch. "I shall not have time to go np," he said. "The train is due in 15 minutes." "Is there anything I can do?" I asked. "I wanted to leave somo money with Winston. I intended to stop in town a day or two, but I have just got a dis patch that calls me home." "What name, sir?" "Anderson of Andersonville." I knew him then, though I had seen him but once before. He had been one of our best western customers. I say had been for the reason that during the last year liis payments had not been so prompt. In fact, he was considerably behind, and Mr. Winston had that very day told me to write to him and "punch him np a little," as he expressed it. The letter was then in the breast pocket of my overcoat. "You can leave the money with me, ' sir; I will give you a receipt," I said. He seemed to hesitate, which nettled me. I never blamed anybody since however. "How much is my bill?" ho asked, ey ing me sharply. "Eleven thousand seven hundred and fifty dollars and twenty-three cents," I answered promptly, for I had struck the balance not more than half an -hour be fore. "Humph! Less than I supposed. Write me out a receipt for that amount." He left the stove and came and looked over my shoulder while I wrote. "It is all right, Mr. Putnam. I know you now. You'vo been with Winston a longtime. lean tell your signature any where." He drew from an inside pocket a wal let and counting out 11 piles of bank notes be told me to connt them. It was a short and easy task, for each pile con tained just 100 bills. The balance was in fives and twenties. At this moment we heard the whistle from tho station. Anderson sprang for his traveling bag, and giving me a hasty handshake was off. I closed the door and counted tho money again. Finding it right, I wrapped a piece of newspaper aronnd it and slipped it into my overcoat pocket. I did not feel easy to have ao mnch money about me, hut as Mr. Win ston's house was at least a mile distant 1 concluded to keep it until morning, when 1 could deposit it in the bank. I drew on my gloves, took the office key from the nail over the door and walked over to extinguish the light. As I did so I saw on the floor the receipt I wrote for Mr. Anderson. He had dropped it in his hnrry. I put it in my pocket and thought no more about it, only that I would mail it to him. I would have done it then, hut as the last mail for that day bad gone on the train which took Mr. Anderson I could do it just as well in the morning. Then, too, I was in something of a hnrry that night, for I had an appointment with a young wom an whom I hoped would he my wife be fore many months. - '« I hastened . to my hoarding house, ate my supper, and then went over to the home of my intended bride, wearing the coat with the money in it, as I did not feel easy about leaving it in my room. Carrie was at home, and leaving my coat and hat in the hall, I went into the par lor. At 10 o'clock when I prepared to leave, Carrie went into the hall for my coat and liat that I might put them on by the Arc, hut she came back with only my hat. "Why, Fred," she exclaimed, "yon certainly did not venture out such a night as this without an overcoat?" "No coat!" I cried in a dazed way, for tho thought of the money flashed upon me so suddenly that it almost stunned me. The next moment I tore past her lire a madman, as I was. The coat was gone! Then I was unnerved. I grasped xt the stair rail and caught it just in time to support myself. Carrie came running out-, her face pale with alarm. "Oh, Fred, are you ill? Let me call mother and the doctor! You" are at white as a sheet-." - . "No, no, Came!" 1 entreated. "There, ( am better now." And I was better. I was strong all at jv.ee — desperately strong. And what brought about this change? That simple eeeipt which I had in my pocket. An- 'u-rson had nothing to show that the iioney had been paid, and was not my maided word as good as his? I was colish enough to believe that I could wave it through, and I grew confident md quite easy at once. "There, Carrie," I said quietly, "I am nuch better now. The room was too .-arm, I guess. So some sneaking thief dodgul in aud stolenmy coat? Well, t it go. It wua an old one, and MV- J have » better one," "But you evercoat," thjo;rt66 girl, ri«tfw/ered>><cm6 If yon will jpsitilifcuWitn will get yon one of f-Abs-cpats to wear h&m8.;" She did so, aniF-LAtarted"" for ou may guess that mysdythstf night was not sound r.or refreshing. 1 nevei passed a more miserable night. "Why, Fred, you look as though yon met a legion of ghosts lust night," said Mr. Winston as he came into the office the next morning. "What is the mat ter?' "I did not sleep well," I answered, ffith a smile. "By the way," continued my employ er, "did yon write to Anderson as I re quested?" I do not know how I managed to re ply, for the question set me shivering from head to foot, and I was so weak that I could scarcely sit in my chair. 1 must have answered in the affirmative, however, for he said: "Then we may look for something from him tomorrow or next day." Im mediately afterward he added: "Why. Fred, you shiver as though you had the ague, and you are sweating Hke a butch er! You're ill, man! Come, jump into my trap, and I'll take you home." I was glad of the chance to get away, and on reaching home I locked myseli in. Ah, those were terrible boors 1 passed, and night brought no relief. Can you guess what I was meditating? Cow ard that I was, I had resolved on self de struction. I began my preparation with the same calmness and deliberation that I would have used in the most common transaction. I wrote a short explana tion to Carrie, another for Mr. Winston, a third for my mother. In a fourth en- relope I inclosed the receipt to Mr. An derson. All this accomplished, I went to my wardrobe and took out my re volver. Having examined the cartridges to make sure there would he no failure, 1 sat down before the fire and placed the pistol against my forehead. "In another second I should have been lifeless, bat just as my finger began to press the trig ger there was a tap on my door. Tt startled me, and easily concealing ir.y weapon I called out that I could admit no one. "Not mo, Fred?" I know Carrie's voice, and a yearning to look once again into her loved face mastered me. Quietly slipping the tell tale letters which I had left on the table into my pocket, I opened the door. "Oh, Fred, you are really ill!" ex claimed Carrie tho moment the light fell on my face. "Why did you not send foi me? Aren't you better?' "Worse," I answered huskily. "But, Carrie— good heavens!" As I uttered this exclamation I started back.and then forward, for hanging across Carrie's arm was my overcoat. Recovering from my astonishment, I drew from the pocket $11,750.23. You have beard about the singular capers of a madman or the wild antic.- of those crazed with rum, but judging from what Carrie told me and from tht appearance of my apartment after it was over I am led to believe that I was fai more grotesque. Then I asked for an explanation. It was the simplest thing imaginable. I do not know why I had not thought of it before. It was simply a blunder of Car rie's father. He had mistaken my coat for his own and had worn it down town, never thinking that a fortune was lying in the pocket. I sent Mr. Anderson his re ceipt, handed the money to Mr. Winston and went on with my duties a wiser and, I hope, a better man. — Thomas G. Mitch ell in Drake's Magazine. 