The High Diver. 1 Thero's an unpar'lcd exhibit in of interest ! I guess that's a show to bfivo every drop oj printer's ink in the city spilt over itSay, -it's immeuse!' said Lafayette Potter, for the benefit of anyone who chose to listen; then, pushing his faded straw hat to the back of his Lead, he rubbed his long, lank face with a handkerchief. The glaring sunshine of a July after* noon flooded the strip of couiftry where 4 Potter's World-famous Hippodrom^ and Cirque' had pitched its tents. It was on the outskirts of the city of Winnipeg; fat in the distance towards the west stretched the long, sloping prairies of Mauitoba; the sky was a deep, sapphire blue, flecked with summer clouds; a warm wind was blowing, and the wido road that marked the way to the city was but a dusty, white trail, dotted with 'rigs.' Winnipeg was what is called a ' week 6tand,' aud it was the afternoon of the last day. The arrangements were complete (to quote Potter himself) human ingenuity and unbounded furore could make 'cm!' Tho side shows were in full blast, each oue uuder the care of a ' professor,' whose daty it was to describe his particular attraction in strident tones, collect the dimes, start the cheering, and talk iucessantly. livery ' professor' wore his hat at an extreme angle on the side of his head, discarded his coat and collar, and smoked the strongest of big cigars. There were highly-colored posters everywhere, in which Potter was represented, surrouuded by alligators, lions, aud tigers, holding a ' man-devouring Siberian bloodhound* by the collar one side, aud clasping the baud of a ' South Sea Island savage, jost imported,' on the other. But ccrtainly the most attractive printing was devoted to advertising " Bellerophon, Champion High Diver of the World.' The extraordinary man-fish, direct from London, England. Indeed, it was his performance which was eliciting such admiration from Lafayette Potter. The straggling little knots of people were collected in one spot to a considerable crowd. A rough wooden platform had been erected round the big tank which was popularly supposed to be the man-fish's abode, On one side there was a light scaffolding reaching about 12 or 15 feet, and supporting a thick pole, which was notched on alternate sides to enable a man to clime aloft. Near the top was another platform, a mere foothold aB it looked to the people below, and standing on this, his lithe, muscular figure liko a fine silhouette against the glowing sky, was Bellerophon, about to dive. He was standing at ease, Jiands clasped lightly, and ail his weight thrown on one foot. The dark head, the clearly cut outline of the splendid neck and shoulders, the curve of every muscle from the full chest to the springy foot, the strength and. beauty of the whole man, made it a moment of intense'excitement—before the bow was strung. Every faoo was upturned, but the ex- pression of one girl, who had quietly pressed her way to the front, was almost, painful in its earnestness. ft was only the second time in her life, that Eileen Rogers was in the whirling pleasures of a real circus, She nncon- BcjouBly copied the slight Bwaying movement of Bellerophon, but her hands were so tightly locked together that the small knuckles were white; a sense of freedom (little did the severe household of Rogers suspect where she had gone!) gavo a flash to her cheek, and an absorbing amazement aud admiration of the diver made her tremble from head to foot. She hung on his every movement; she longed and dreaded to see him spring from the little, platform; she could have watolied him for houw. Suddenly he looked down, every muscle became tense, his body bent like a bow, and then, like an arrow, shot into the air. There was a bnrz in the crowd, but Eileen only stayed to see him jump out of the tank aud .bow from the side, before she elbowed her way through the people, juBt as Lafayette Potter was holding forth W the diving champion's feats. At first Eileen turned her back deliberately on the tents but after a few steps she hesitated and glanced over her shoulder. It was only three days ago that the rainbow colored posters had first lured her to Potter's World Famous Hippodrome. Tho muftio and tho lights, the gay costumes and the garish novelty had completely fasciuated tho simple-mindud, impressionable girl. ' Oh, pshaw! I must go right home!' said Eileeu to herself, for on her first visit 6he had accidentally fallen in with the high diver, and in some mysterious way ten minutes had slipped into two hoars. Eileen had been watching the lady 6nake charmer; the high diver had volunteered some information about the terrible cobra (a tame reptile in private life, as harmless as a garden hose), and the IitUe friendship commenced on the most instructive lines. So it was that Eileen paused now, a smile crept over her face; theu she carelessly wandered away in the direction of the lady snako charmer. * In the meantime Potter was chatting with a few of his men, in the shade of one of the tents. ' Was there ever anything as kam and peaceful as this ?' said he, pointing across tho prairie. ' Say! If thero was one dollar under the canvas this afternoon there was five hundred !' 'Climb down, Potter, climb down!' said the high diver, who had jnst changed his clothes aud came strolling out of bis tent. In a light suit and grey Fedorn bat there was nothing of the Man-fish about Bellerophon. He was tall aud squarely built, with an irregular, clean shaven face, tanned' and wrinkled, especially about the large fiexiblo mouth and dark eyes. ' Say, what's yer hustle, Belly-ruffun ?' asked the Greek Hercules,' lighting a cigarette. 'I never seen a tank ar- teest yet as wasn't darned unsociable!' abserved the 'Austrian lion tamer' in a soft New England twaug. ' I'm not unsociable, boys,' said Bellerophon, smiling, ' but I want to get a look at the world before the sail goes down. Say, I'm sick of sawdust!' He turned out of the tent as he spoke, and at once started in the direction of the lady snake charmei\ " Bellerophon is as close as a clam!' said the lion tamer. ' Wal, he's an Englishman, an' I'm told they usually are as close as clams. He sorter hankers after change !' said Potter, shaking his head over the high diver, who was very different from the other members of the troop. Australia had first drawn him from the old country, but five years of hard work and reckless living had left him as poor as when he first ran away from an English home. Then he had drifted to America, attracted for the time being by the thought of booming cities and ready fortunes ; he had served in the Canadian Mounted Policc; represented a soap factory ' on the road'; ' run' an estate ageucy in British Columbia; edited and printed a newspaper at Ontario at another —in short, Bellerphon's experiences were so diverse that he could hardly realise his own pleasure as lie hurried towards the place where where he knew that Eileen Rogers would be waiting to meet him. Strange that this little girl, whom ho had only seen twice, should make the born wanders inclined to throw down his knapsack and turn his face from the King'6 highway! Bellerophon was very anxious for her sweet companionship. But even then he smiled just a little to himself—how much had the daring dive and the Maufish's glittoriug golden costume to do with her admiration ? The great prairio sun was dipping towards the horizon, and the evening wind scampered over the rolling country, as Bellerophon and Eileen Rogers still lingered on the outskirts of tho fast dispersing crowd. Bellerophon had found out her name, and heard enough of her home to make him understand the enormity of her courage in stealing these eventful days. ' Do you regret the'm ? Come, tell me the truth!' he said, gaily. ' Honost " Injin" ?' she asked, with a half troubled look into his face. ' yes.' ' Then Ido—a little !' The answer surprised Bellerophon; but that pretty earnestness would be her charm. He stopped just a little dearer, aud lowered his voice: 4 Will you tell me why ?'. Eileen looked at him "steadily and thoughtfully. ' Well, I guess you feel like laughing at me ?' ' No, no! Why should you think that?' ' Why, I've been telling all 6orts of things to a stronger!' ' Ah, that is jost a little cruel of you, isn't it ? Come, is it my fault that I was' never in Winnipeg before? But now that I am here*—he looked aWay from her over the great stretch of country—'do you think I feel. like a mere stranger ? Np, I have crowded such pleasure, such heartfelt happiness into these last few days that I feel like a wanderer who has come home at last!' ' Is that so ? was all Eileen answered. ' Yes, said Bellerophon, ' I can hardly believe that I am really in the same dull old world! ' One crowded hour- ' but you won't know that. To think that a few minutes from us here is a pompous little city, and we are on the prairies! ' Say, you couldn't get to Winnipeg in a few minutes; it takes quite half-anhour,' said Eileen gravely. 4 You dear little girl!' Bellerophon cxclairned, 'I shall be guilty of writing poems on western Bcenery if I don't look out P Must you go ? Tho Winnipeg girl, under the influence of the time and the mood, lingered still. 'I guess you'll soon forget me!' she said. ' No !' said Bellerophon, ' for I intend to pitch my tent in your prairie city.' ' Oh, is the circus going to stop ?' exclaimed Eileen, flushing. * I meant my own particular little can- TM.' ' Say, do you mean that ?' ' Wait aud see!' 'Bellerophon answered. He glauccd over his shoulder, nobody was watching them, and he ventured to bend and kiss her hand. Eileen murmured ' Good-bye!' Then he would have kissed her hand again, but sh pulled it from him and 'hurried away on the dusty trail, with only 011c loug backward look. Bellerophon thrust both hands deep into his pockets, grouud one hocl into the soft earth, and muttered td himself. 'Now, wonder what will happen next?' As if iu answer to liis question a hand was laid on his shoulder aud an English voice exclaimed : ' By George! Stevens6n!' He wheeled round on hearing his veal name—uukuown to the World's Famous Hippodrome—and instantly recognised the face of the speaker. «Why, it's the ghost of Wally Maddox!' said Bellerophon, shaking his friend by both hands with enough heartiness to make the pale, thin young Englishman wince. ' Little Walter Maddox of the Mounted Police! Why I haven't seen you since we cleared out of the force together— how many years ago ? Say, how did you find me here?' 'The fact is, Steve, I am on the look out for a job, and it was quite a chance I saw you at all. And where on earth did you pick np your present profession ?' ' Only temporary, my boy; I'm going to switch off high diving aud settle down in Winnipeg.' ' Bah!' said Maddox with a contemptuous laugh.- ' You're a born vagabond— I know you! If I hadn't been a fool myself, I should bo doing well in Winnipeg now,' he continued. > While he was speaking, Bellerophon's quick eye had taken in every point of his friend's appearance. ' See here, Wal, you've been left pretty badly, eh P' 4 It's simply beastly, Steve!' the young man answered with a blink of his eyelids. 'Oh, yes, 1 said-Bellerophon, with his thoughts waudcring to that little Winnipeg girl who 60 admired the high diver. Go on.' * We were to work our way towards the eastern States,' continued Maddox. 4 1 was a consummate idiot, I know that. At first he dropped on me for an occasional loan, then it was footing the hotel bills, they paying tho fares—oh, you know the usual tricks!' 'Could work 'em myself, to-morrow/ said Bellerophon' airily* --But how did yon get to Winnipeg ?' The color came into young Maddox's thin face. Linking his arm in his friend's, he answered quietly 4 Of course, yoa'll think I'm awfully foolish, but there's a girl in Winnipeg who is all tho world to me. Fact is, I really threw up my work here for her sake, because Tucker held out such hopes of making money quickly. I promised to write and tell her everything, but I haven't had the heart. Her name is Eileen Rogers, Steve, and she iB so beautiful ! So good, so gentle!' Bellerophon turned his eyes from Maddox, and silently beat his foot on "the ground. ' But now,' Walter continued, 4 1 see no change for mo but to get on the road again with a show. What else can I do?' 4 My dear Wal, you are not built that way. You are too good for this precious World's Hippodrome, at all ovents.' 'You have succeeded yourself iii^it, nevertheless!' said Maddox, with some warmth. .. IP Oh, I'm a born wanderer, you know. " Va, chemineau chemine." But you—no; Wal, stay where you are, dear boy, and-marry the gentle little girl \vlin loves you.' ' It's easy enough to talk about marrying, but I haven't a dollar iu the world. Bellerophon made no reply; he pulled off his hat for the warm breeze to blow more freely through liis hair, aud so e stood, with liis dark brows drawn together, for several quiet minutes. Maddox at last, with an impatient gesture, held out his hand. ' There! I'm b - oing back. Why should I bother you ? What do you care, you lucky fellow ?' Bellerophon, snddonly shaking off his serious mood, laid both hauds on th boy's shoulders, and answered tirmly: ' Wal! you shall stay in Winnipeg!' * * * # It was midnight when the friendB parted. Maddox, with renewed hope and determination in his face, looked just a little anxiously at the high diver. i 4 Now I shall be able to hold on,' he j said,'and make a fresh Btart; bnt can yon rej ally spare it, Steve ?' 4 Well, I should smile!' said Bellerophon, as if the 80 dollars he had pressed on his friend were the merest trifle, instead of his whole fortune. ' But don't yon forget—work! Get at it and stick at it! No more fooling!' 4 1 promise you that!' said Maddox; then, with a smile that contradicted his words, ' I'm afraid Eileen may have met some other fellow.' 4 Nonsense !' said Bellerophon. 4 But if she has and the other fellow is out of tho way—console her! Good-byn once more!' Maddox clasped his hand warmly. 4 Good-bye, Steve. I'll pay you back every cent, but I won't attempt to tliauk you.' 'It's all right, Waller,' said the high diver. 4 Take care of yourself, dear boy, and of her!' As Bellerophon turned his face toward the dim aud solitary spot where the outlines of the Hippodrome's living tents were black against the sky, his eyes roamed over the wide prairies stretching like a quiet sea towards the west. His lonely figure was the only moving thing on the long and dreary trail. Once he turned and looked towards the city ; thero were a few lights in the far distance, and he icould see Walter Maddox swinging towards them, with a light and rapid step. Then Bellerophon, the high diver, sighed heavily} and slowly, slowly made his way to the poor and cheerless tents.—P EGGY- WEBLING. Some fellow who knew what he was talking about paid, "Ton cannot see a good jahow too often." If thiB remark applka to Anything it is to that evergreen plaoe of Amusement, the Oyoloratna, in Sydnoy; no matter how often you go von sse something fresh in that mysterious Hall of Illusions,, where there are now shown so many brain powders and beautitul sights, one of whieh is worth the modest shilling which passes vou both to the Oyoloratna and to the Hall ef Illusions. The management have determinedlo make the illusions a spelial feature and thoroughly up-to- date.* , DEAFNESS.—An essay describing a .oally genuine cure Deafness, Singing in Ears, eto. no matter how severe or.long-standing, will be sent post free.—Artificial Ear-drums ansimilar appli&noes; entirely superseded. Address, THOMAS KEMPS, "Victoria Chambers Sonthamrtoo Rnlldincr. Holhorn. London. 