THE BOTTLE, THE SOVEREIGN, AND JHE STRANGE MAN. Though Uo had the misfortnna to bo born nnrlor tlio demoralising autoorncy of Russia, Puul Regi nt an em-ly ago developed ox oellont qualities of iniml and heart. 'When quite a youth ho rescued moro than ono porson from drowning nt imminont peril in hiH own life. Ero liis education could bo properly completed Mb father,, who hail been a distiller in a good way of.buaineBS, toppled into a bankruptcy that proved hie completo financial ruin. Paul immediately abandoned hm books and resolutely applied himself to tho handling of tho tools used, in turnery. He made quick progrcBB in tho art, and war. booh able to aflord his pnronts that material Bupport thoy so mucli needed. Probably all would have gono well and tho position of a flourishing tradesman in. tho rignrous country of his birth liave beer, his, but for tho grinding law of conscription. The timo was rapidly appronehing when the nnny would claim him; when he nyust onduro in silence the ferocity of b'rutiBh oflicerb; ^ when the dear ones he loved so well would bo boroft of the bread his labour 'could win for them so long a- he wan free. HiB yearning thoughts turned to England, the land of liberty and of gold. Even in Mb narrow straits, ho had managed to save Bomo mouoy. He promised himself that if he could only reach our shores high wages would roward his handicraft, and so ho could oaBily remit to those he had left behind a woeldy auftieieney to kcop them easy. But Russia is a prison, with its frontiers gunvded by an irou cordon of inexorable sol diers, who shoot with deadly aim whoro thoy cannot capture. For a young workmnnjuat ready for oonsoription, to escape through this lynx-eyed lino is almost impossible, so greedy is tho Tsar of his human war material. Where danger is men arise willing to at tempt to conquer it, and cunning is already ] -ready to spring ? to tho defeat of tho most | nicely oonaidered plamj. So on the Euro- ! poan borders of the great lnnd there aro thoso who muko a trade of smuggling folks out of it. Tho perilis great, but thcae people face it for a comparatively small reward. Yet it took an anxious timo for Paul to lind ono willing to attempt his business, and to adapt tho toil to hio slender purse. ?' For many days I have been talking with Rulfai, the miller,' said tho young man at lost to his father, showing the hitter an easier face than had been common of late, ' and I havo prevailed on him to try and get mo across tho frontier. But he wants almost as much money as I poBBesB. No matter for that! Onoo 'in England I will mnko plenty May tho Lord bo with you and presorvo you!' waa all Mb distressed parent could murmur. I tremble at tho thought of the risks you will run, my dear Paul.' said his mother:: ' but anything is better than the awful eon- ; Bcription. Tho army could mean nothing j but death to you, who ore of a delicate con ? stitutton and unaccustomed to the hardships and eruolties that would meet you there. God bless you and protect you ! I nVioll pray for you day and night. ' ? ? ' Havo no fear,' cried tho youth, with all tho gaiety ho could command. ' Keep up bravo hearts. I fool confident of suceess. Ah ! whim you get my first lotter from Lon dun how happy you will be, and how proud !' Tho miller had to convey a load of flour across tho jealously-guarded border lino on a ' certain dato, and the scheme was to pass Paul through as a sack of-tho'same. Tho attitudo ho was forced to assume was a constrained one, made the less endurable becnuse tho intervals betweon tho angles formed by his crouphing body had to bo filled up with tho auffoeating mcul. He was tightly wedgod in among other 'Backs. HiB physical sufferings, to say nothing 'of his desperuto anxietieB, 'almost mastered his strength. ' . - . It was a supremo momont for trembling hope whon tho sentries roughly challenged Rulfsi, aiid kept him dawdling in the road whilo his papers wero examined with irritat ing deliberation by a military Jaek-in-officc, who never loatan opportunity of humiliating a civilian. Suspicious and keen eyes travelled over the contents of the vun.whilo bayonot points* were wantonly thrust into some of hiH sacks to tho miller's shrinking of heart lest tho fugitive should bo pierced and tho attempted outnigo on tho holy government of the Tsar stand detected. Presently— it seemed a lifotimo to' tho half swooning Paul — all formalities wero success fully concluded. Rulfsi Bmacked his whip, his cattle readily answered tho appeal, and soon dreadful Russia lay behind them, and thoy wore in a frcor land. But farther and Btill farther 'tho miller drove oro ho dared to pull up and release his hidden passongcr from the agony of his poBi tion. Wfcen ho reached a well- hidden place ho dismounted. A moment Inter ho assisted Paul to omergo from tho eoarso material which hud confined him. Tho latter looked more like a ghost than ainan.both by reason of tho flour which covered him, and his ex liauBtion. So far, ho had gained his frocdom; was half dead, and well-nigh pennileBS. The faro ho paid to Hamburg left '. im completely so. Bruised and famished, he waited sevoral starving days for ono who had promised to meet and roliovo him there. The oxpeotod succour never arrivod, and Paul was reduced to tho direst necessity, when chanco cast him in tho way of a man holding some authority on ono of tho many cattlo boats which trade between London and tho dirty German port they wero in. 11 1 mil toko you aoroBS,' said tho man, ' but you will havo to mako youraelf useful on board, and loud a hand with tho boasts.' Paul, accepted tho queer offer with avidity. What sort of a figure tho broken and emaciated turner cut among the ugly sur roundings, and amid the sick an'd terror stricken ciittlo, can easily bo imagined. Probably no-thing on board wob so useless, so much in tho way as he. But ho rettchod Mb goal — tho brightest star of Mb utmost dreunis. A last he waa within the magic eirclo of, bis golden Lon don! And lie hungered for crusts, and saw \vi(.h naked eyes in the sweaters' realm of Whitechapel his brethren still under tho crushing heel of despotism, gasping for nourishment, porishing for lack of Bhelter. HiB fervid dreams wure chilled. Yet, though hia disappointment was deep, he was not utterly cuBt down. Ho Bought work with dogged porsoverance, tramping day after day the wearying streets of tho strango city, meeting rebuff with a calmness that had something terrible, as well as heroic, about it. Ho knew nothing of our languago. Ho was unfamiliar with tho shifts and tricks which enable tho professional loafer to make a woiklesB life fairly easy. Ho shrank from the workhouse as from a pestilence. All tho wretch ednesB ho endured will novel be completely known, except to tho thou sands of eagor:oyed and craving men who at this moment aro. suffering all the gnawing agonies ho battled against, and, like him, in silence. il Vina nutural thuf ho should drift into East-end Blums whoro bo many of his coun trymen sorapo put an existence in strange ways. Thoro it was that iio at last found comforts, but not : before ho was almost nt tho end of lifo's tothor. A stiekmaker, whom wo will cull Mr. Broad, took compassion on him, offered him a chanco in his workshop, and was soon glad to find him un industrious t.nd we'1-disposed workman, who was most export at turning handles. It did not take Paul Hogi long to again stand, in a humble way, financially firm. His amiable disposition, sobriety, and appli cation won his mastor's warm regurd. ' I think wo ought to ask Paul to join, us in the oveningsometimcB,' said Mr. Broad to. his wife. ' Ho has no friends in London, and there nro many temptations hen to lure a steady man to his ruin — especially when he is thrown too much on his own resources at night.1 Tho good-natured lady agreed roadily to the proposal, and Paul became a frequent and welcome visitor Within their homo circle. Shy at fust, ho quickly gained confidence, and boro himself with, much case and gaiety. Mrs. Broad had an unmarried sister, whoso charm of person and manner soon won Paul's affections. As his attentions to her became moro pro nounced, it was plain to thoir friends that tho pretty girl herself cherished a warmer feeling than regard for him. Yet he was diffident about making his declaration' Paul's modesty was conspicuous, and ho foftred that his hopes bordered on audacity. All daring love at last forced the avowal from hia lips, and to his great joy he was not only accopted by the object of hia honest affections, but tho engagement was approved of by his master, and by tho damsol's mother. ' Of course, Paul,' said the stickiniiker, ' thore can be, no thought of marriage until you have pub by sufficient monoy to start wedded life with a comfort able homo at least.' ' Have no fears on that seore.Mr. Broad,' ropliod the young fellow brightly. ' Wo will sit on our own clmiis, eat oft our own table, and sleep on our own bed. I am too much of a man to think of taking Sarah into lodgings, where Hhe could see nothing that belonged to her. Our nest shall bo of our own making.' Now camo tho happiest poriod cf Paul's chequered life^ Hia content was almost per fect. Daily ho saw the one for whom his heart yearned, and week by week liia atorc in tho Post-office Savings Bank fattened. But the Fates were only playing with him; dark days came again. Gradually, but surely, business with Mr. Broartbecinno a rapidly diminishing quantity, and for a variety of reasons quito beyond his control. The work eked out to Paul was not suilioi ent for Mb purpoBe, bo instead of increasing his littlo savings he waB constrained to levy toll of them week by week. A certain bittei ess of spirit irked him as his hard-earned money went away piece by piece, and Ms dearest hopes dwindled in his hands, aa it woro. At last despair cankored ita way into hia heart, and thore woro brooding momonts whon Mb thoughts turned to the final way of ending human struggle. Beforo his funds woro quite exhausted tho mother of his Bweetheart, with the beat in tentions, advised him to invest what was loft of his meagre capital in the appliances of his trade, and to work on his own account. Paul could produco a great .variety of handy articles for which there is always a salo, if only on tho streets. He acted on tho good woman's suggestion.but his old hopoful nesB had fled. It galled him to the quick to have to lay bare the poverty of his resources before the parent of the girl he so urdontly desired to mako his wife. Con tinuous strivings and recurring disappoint ments had worn his formor dauntless spirit to a thread. He rented tho second floor of a tenement house in a sordid thoroughfare in Spitalficlds. When hoiiad completed all his purchases, and, for tho first evening, found himself in full possession of hia now pre mises, surrounded by the tools necessary to his labours, his satisfaction was somewhat dashed by the knowledge that tho venture had exhauBtcd his capital to tho laBt six ponce. His sweetheart and her mother had super ; tended his preparations, and thoy visited ? him the first night he was established in Mb new quarters. Thoy cheered him with comforting words, and gave him every enoouragomont to perse vere and conquer. When they left him, promising to call on j tho following morning, he appeared resolute | and easy in his mind. It was about elevon o'clock tho noxt day when they again made their appearance in tho grimy Btreot. As soon as they ontered Paul's house it was seen that somo tragedy 1 had occurred thore. With trembling stops they ascended the stairs, and on the first floor immediately bo ! neath Regi's lodging thoy came to full know ledge of tho horror. * A woman, tho tenant of the room, lay ? murdored on her bed. Her head had boen battered about with sufficient brutality to produeo insensibility. j But what was more romarkablo her mouth, ' windpipe, and gullet were burned with nitric | acid. Tho same corrosive fluid, mixed with blood stained tho bedclothes. Under the bed, close against tho wall, with a large egg-ehoBt in front of him, was tho Blonder form of Paul Regi. Ho was quito I insonsible, and hie mouth -was burned with ! tho sanio aeid. . ' j To bo suddenly confronted by this ghaatly spectacle was indescribably appalling to the girl who had giv'on her heart to Puul. Her generous mother was equally affected. What ' could bo tho true meaning of tho horror ? I What dreadful mystery had now involved ! tho young Russian in its' meshes 1 Awful I possibilities lurked in tho fact of hia pro senoo in the chamber of the murdered j woman. Sarah's senBes reeled, and her heart I was wrung by a haunting and shocking ; thought which nho in vain Btrovo to drive I from hor. \ Parent and daughtor shrank from the ; place, their brains in iv whirl, thoir oyes ' blinded by emotion. | The oapeet of tho poor dead croaturn'e husband when ho heurd of tho shocking ' tidings of- his loss oxcitcd the sympathy oJ all who saw him. ' Why !' cried he, ' at a quarter past six j this morning, whon I kiBsed her beforo going t to my work, sho was alive, and aa happy at ' a lark, and now to seo her cold, and cruellj battered — God havo mercy on me!' At firat it was feared that Paul would nol regain consciousness, though there did not appear any reason for tho Iobb of it. The acid must have causod him intense agony, but whs not suflicient to bring about insonsi bility. There woro a few insignificant scratches ou his hands and forehead. Nc other injuries were visible, .except that th- skin of both his elbows was abraded. Paul's coat wus found under tho bed, au- part of it was completely destroyed by the aeid. It wns covered by ono belonging ti the murdered woman's husband, that hai been taken down from the wall whoro it ha- been hanging and placed over tho damago( \- one. A 2oz. phial, which had contained tin neid, was found in tho bedclothes. The koy of tho door was on the inside. No lime was lost in convoying Paul to the hospital, but he was slow in recovering his speech. When at last ho did so ho made this statement,: ?' I was just commencing business as a atickmaker,' declared he. It must bo under stood that wo condense Mb Btory, and also tho subsequent proceedings in the courts. ' And I had engaged two men and a boy to assist me. This morning .1 gave one of the mon n aoveroign to get somo brandy with. It is tho custom in my country to take it with coffeo bofoco commencing tho day. Botudes, I needed change. I myflolf wsnt out for a short walk. When I returned I found my two men standing in tho doorway of tho dead woman's room. They immediately seized mo and poured sonio burning fluid down my throat.aaying at the Bamo timo, ' Thoro's your brandy for you.' Then thoy domunded my monoy and my watch. I told thorn that I had noithcr, and thoy said thoy would do for mo as thoy had for tho woman. I struggled with them, and my coat was half pulled off. Thoy took it off altogether, searched my pockets,and throw mo under tho bed, whore I became insensible, au-d remom boied no moro.' ThoHe who were acquainted with Paul Regi believed his story. They thought him incapable of such a horrible crime. But, allowing, for the Bake of argument, that ho did, in a moment of montal alienation, com mit it, thov thought him tho most unlikely man on earth to aocuso innocent men of the deed. Tho authorities, however, from the first ro pudiatcd this view, and Paul was immedi ately arrested on tho capital charge. Facts ! told heavily against him. An oilman de posed that on the morning of tho murder ho i hud sold to a man who waa ' about -Regi'a 1 age,' an ouneo of nitric aeid. Then Paul's ' landlady aworo that when he waa found in j tho room of the dead woman the door waB . looked on tho inside. But experiments made ? with the lock showed it to bo a faulty-one, ? and unices tho handle was very carefully \ turned it appeared to be lockod whon it was not. Tho prisoner's lack of cosh was notori .oua.and it appeared incredible that he should , have possessed a sovereign to send out for | brandy with nt that particular crisis of his career. Again, no suspicious circum Btanees whatever could bo traced to the two men he accused. On the other hand they, oddly enough, protested that they heard no woman's cry or noises of a struggle, though by their owu showing they were just above tho fatal room at tho momont the crime must havo been committed. The abrasions on Paul's arms could bo accounted for by tho Btrugglea of a man on' his back, but scarcely in any other way. j The prisoner's solicitor did miracles of work on -Mb behalf. Day by day tho number of thoso who believed in tho youth's inno eence increased until it was not long beforo a largo force of public opinion was on Mb Bide. Tho theory of tho prosecution was that Paul, in a moment of sudden and uncontrol lablo impulse, had entered tho woman's room with evil iatont on hor person, and thnt finding he had killed her in their Btrueglo, he Bwallowed tho acid with the in tention of ending himself. It was genorally agreed that the surroundingB wero too poverty-stricken for avarico to have any place in the tragedy. Tho country waited for tho vordiet with tho utmost anxiety. When it was knowu to he one of ' Guilty ' a very painful feeling was created, and in many districts people stirred themselves to procure a reprieve for tho condemned man, whose past regularity of lif o and amiability of character woro widely insisted on. The fact, too, that ho was contemplating marriage, and was de voted to his betrothed, mado it to many hard to believe in his guilt. An enormous sensation wns caused by tho death sentence on Paul Regi. ' Crowda flocked to sign petitions in his favour, and a numbor of newspapers took up his defence with conaidoruble warmth. Members of Parliament interested them selvos in him, and there wero several Bmart verbal conflicts on tho matter in the House. The Home Secretary of the day, strongly supported by the judge, was at first bent on letting the law take its course, but quailed before tho storm of popular indignation his attitude excited, and finally ho was fairly badgered into granting the unhappy young tnun n. wwir's vpRniti' Tt wa« iiccnninanied by tho following communication to tho governor of tho gaol : ' Bo good enough t3 inform Paul Rcgi.distinctly, that the respite is granted, not from any doubt in my own mind aa to tho verdict or sentence, but merely to enablo his solicitor to make cer tain inquiries which ho has asked to bo allowed to do. Tho convict muBt clearly understand that unless theso inquiries put a new aspect on the case tho sentence -will bo carried into effect.' Paul was busy writing when this good nowa arrived. Ho tore up tho manuscript ho had been engaged on, and at once be came more cheery and hopoful. His domeanour all along had been calm and in his favour. Thejjaper \yhich had taken up the un happy man's defence with most violence now set to work with renewed vigor to savo him. Edition after edition waB produced, con taining new points to his advantage and to inorease tho public fermont. ' A Preen Batch of Fresh Evidence — Tho Bottle; thoSoveroign;and the Strango Man;' was tho way ono of tho sensational headings ran. Tho articlo was to tho following effect: It began by saying that the raeo for Rogi's life would bo a desperately close ono. It went on to state that it had been able to clear away tho myBtery concerning tho sovereign tho prisoner said he had possessed on tho morning of tho crime by tho dis covory that tho mothor of Ms Bwootheart had lent it to him on tho previous day, together with two florins and a shilling. Tho ener getic print had also lit on two bystanders who could now give ovidoneo that tho bottle found among the bedclothes had boon tampered witli beforo it was handed to the doctor. According to their, statements a f riond of the murdered woman's husband was tho first to soo tho phial, and he acerotly took it away with him lest ' his mate ' should get into trouble. Afterwards ho re turned to the room, and then a bottlo-waB found. Tho woman wliO'liad been tho first to ontor tho dreadful chamber could romoni ber that about half-past nine on the morn ing of tho crime sho had seen the back of a strango man leaving it. Sho forgot to tell tho judge this most pregnant fact at the trial because Bho was so perplexed by tho ques tions asked her. Then another man wns found who could speak to having seen two BtrungorB daah out of tho house ut a quarter to seven. Theso things, and many moro to similar purpose, were put into bold type, and suo oeeded in convincing the majority of tho public, but not 'the puwers that wore. Paul Regi was inexorably ordered to bo hanged when tho period of hia respite ex pired. On tho morning of tho execution there wero sevoral bright journalists ready with slashing articles on the infnmy of judicial murders; n:id many members of Parliament burning for tho ovoning, whon they might J hurl reproach and inveetivo on the timid j Homo Secretary. : ' I)o you know what Paul Regi was doing when tho order for the postponement of his , hanging arrived '/'asked a prison ofiieial of j ono of these bubbling M.P.'s. ? Writing to his sweetheart, no doubt,' was tho short reply. ' Not a bit of it. Ho was inditing a full confession of his crime. .This ho destroyed whon ho received the respite. But as soon as he realised that there was. no further hope, and tho game was absolutely up, to speak vulgarly; lie composed '.mother ? ' The shouting of this astonishing news by the papor-Bellers in the street made in un necessary for tho gontleman to finish. Yes. To the dismay of theory and tho flaunting of probability, the gontlo Paul Regi stood on his own confession, not only a foul murdoror, but a dastardly aeeeuser of tho innocent! Each day confronts us with' psychological problems that are better food for thought than for trite- moralisings, and tho caso of thin young RuBsian is ono of them. i'erhaps it is worth add ing that there aro folks still living in Whitcehapol who firmly believe that Paul never wrote or dictated tho following griev ous acknowledgment ; that, indeed, he died an innocent man. Thoy say it is easy for i interested peoplo to put out such a docu- ' ment when tho tongue of tho only one who ', could establish boyond doubt its authenticity ; is stilled for ever. ; The published avowal runs as follows, and I it docs not clear up all- the 'difficulties tho ' case presents : ' I, Paul Regi, before I appearing beforo God in judgment, desire to speak the whole truth concerning the crime ' of which I am accused. I will not die with a lie on my lips, and I will not let others sufEer, even on suspicion, for my sin. I ' alone am guilty of tho murder ofRachel Bell. ! I thought the woman had money in her ? room, so I entered, tho door being unlocked, i and tho woman asleep. I had no thought of '' interfering with her. I never approached ! hor with that object, nor did I wrong her in 1 that way. She awoke before I could search for the money, and cried out, but very softly. ' Thereupon I struck her on the head, and seized her by the neok, and closed her mouth ' with my haud so that she could not arouse tho attention of those who were about the house. I had long been tired of my life, and had bought a pennyworth of aquafortis that morn ing for tho purpose of putting an end to myself. Suddenly I thought of tho bottle I bad in my pocket, and drew it out and poured somo of tho contents down her throat. Sho fainted,' and, recognising my desperate condition, I ' took tho rest. The bottle waa an old ono I had formerly used, add was tho Bamo as ? ' that which I had taken to tho oilshop. The quantity of aquafortia I took had no effect ' ! on me. Having an idea of people coming upstairs I crawled under the bed. Tho woman seemed already dead. Thero was I only a short timo from the moment of my entering tho room until I was taken away. 1 In my agitation I also fainted. I do not know how my arms became abrased. I did ! not feel it, and was not aware of it. As to tho door being locked on the inside I did that myself on entering tho room, wishing 1 not to bo interrupted. T solemnly declare and bolieve that the mon know nothing whatever of the crime of which I have been guilty, and I alone. I implore them to pardon me for having in my deapair tried to cast tho crime on them. I also beseech tho forgiveness of tho bereaved husband. This confossion is mado of my own free will, and ib written down by the minister at my request. May God comfort my loving father and mother, and may he accept my repontanco, an.d my death as an atonement -for all my sins.' So ended Paul Regi's confession. It leaves much unexplained, andTis aa unsatisfactory as was the unhappy youth's whole life. The End. 