INTERCOLOXUL LETTERS. (From Our Own Correspondents.) ? MELBOURNE MEMS. ' March 11. At ijifl rrincesss -'utue Ked Riding Hopd' continues to flourish in a manner exceedingly pleasant to all concerned. Tho Theatre Royal just 'now 1s In a state of ihteiiKi satisfaction with it3c|f nnd all tho world. No wonder tho flags outride dar.co in the brcezo — (the said flags have betu sU6pended until further notice !). ana cverv evenlnij tho man who carries the l.loncj lound to tho back, staggers under t,ic wcl^t of bib own importance niid a hindrcdweiijb.t of metal, and Jim Hcndv bailies from ear to ear v/hen a guilcletb picssman isks how is business ' Nc%t Sat-ardav week 'The Lamps' will be ' llgnfd,' and b'lould b'ink satisfac tonlj, judaini; by past pe. tormanccs O-i LMdav night the Ale\andra held a vi i / fashionable audience, on the occasion of .Mr Dampier s production of 'Tne Mci - chant ot Venice,' and the 'barn ' looke.1 verv solemn with the edifving spectacle of Melbourne s ' nmce-it ' seated row upon row, and ovii'ei.tl.. enjoying themselves In dcel, Exhlbltio.i-atreet looked quite a fnrlnonoblc habkatlon with tho carriages rolling up and rumbling for .ill they were worm As £-h\lock Mi Dampier snarled and clei'phfcd bis 'hands, nnfl sharpened hi' knife with, 'great:- vigor, Whereat Antonio's deep voice grew deeper; and he. looked uti uttirrabl) afraid, but an appetising odor of steak and oulons came up from the savelov shop ne\r door, and Antonio appeared greatlv ijlievefl, as It tho keen blade might havo been intended for something younger and more Juic}. So realistic was Mr Dami-lci, that the audience. In which manj Jewisu cpuntcuances -were sprinkled, vigor ously ?rknc--\ lodged to one .mother that it wa- ni id-eat entertainment for a Krlday n.ght \nvaow, the performance was a. great suoees.s and the popular Alfred Is to Lo complimented therefor Handsome voung Holfe w.is, i. vcrv good Ba^banio, and v,.« frcatly ,'pplaudcd for his (me acting, as vas ilso -Mits IjIj Dimpior as PorJJa.,j while Mi»s llo«e Ilampter as Icssica, Mls^i Kalhpane Russell a- Scrl-si, and, M.P-iP-V- , mund Hollonav as \ntonvo.ara ail'doserv-r 1ng of praise Tor ,,thelr charapfensations, and IL is hcreoy^aeeorded n t On. Satfirday insut a.cronded &us;^ cnjoyeiiVjtb, a. great t nrill, thATOD Vtrors W 'Xol' the Tel m of H-ffi''N4rarif;-yre-,l-'.. ^'Slr . Sampler, as fUp^BBvr N%i«h .ft'a&.ii'^reaf;', succ«, as, of core', hlfs v iLtiiQQa'jittprances meeting nnh .t&i-heArffisraMnivill.of; all sections of rhe ,boiisefv) in RpUo was i vcrv goo'l Rufais 'D^w/es,, a.nfl Mls-- Hose Dam»ier made a Jve^y., bali'sfuton Svlvia Next Trldaj flight 'Il.imlct will walk tho battlements r' uhe old Alex., whilst 'tho 'company' will be e\cccdint;h delighted bj the ghost walkiug twice during tho week, instead of once. At the Bijou Har-rv Ilirkatdb' Variety Con.pan} is still alive and linking, and hnb rcas-on lo congratulate itscJf thereby Tom Bionnos uhistliili; is poaltlvelj angelic (if the angels vvhibtle), and has created a great denund foi a good, wholesome whlsllo at a low piiee But Tom declines 10 give le-s-ous, and Melbourne Is desolated Tho Newsjvys, the Kiograph, Spry and \u--tin, and Will Whltburn aro Ihe other prominent ftitl^ts who keep tho fun going, tho Newskys orovlding a very humorou-, turn Their turn Is a polygot tr^at, or, as a wag has it. humor In 'choral languages ' Tho Ahsenl-miuded Beggar' at this house has up to date panned out over £100 The Bijou audleuco is cvldenll} uot absent minded. The Town Hall was crowded last Wed nesday, night, when. Com-poser Glllott was tendered a monster benefit A very long programme, was contribute! to by Miss Nina Seblotel, Mr W G Barker, fcignorina Co}, Mies Adelaido Bruce, Mans Bollard, aud Slgnor Robottaro. 'Twelve of the Items rendered wero' by Mr.. Glllott himself, oua of which, ' 'The' Busnmen's Corps,' was vorv acceptable on account of its lhytomic melodv, and tiic foicible nature of its w^ords, which, arc from.'lho pen of Mr; Ed waid V Idler, tho well-lcnown journnllst, who wuo albo tpe man iger of the entertain ment.' During the evening tho benonoiaro ?was presented with a handsome Illuminate-} addreeb .Mr. Phil. Nowbury appeared for tho last time in Melbourne at a concert in tno Town Hair last night. Thp popular tenor leaves for London on Tuesday, March 13, and ho and , his vvifo carry with -them -tho best wishes of a host of friends, .who hope they, will speedily return. Exeunt without. or-i cbestral accompaniment, ' — P.F. ' 