Short Story A Horrible Fright. It T. MEADE, in 'The Strand.' I Han't tblnk I am at all nervous, and, ^nerefore, when. I eay that I am aibout ?4o describe two hours of absolute agony 3 3iopc my readers will believe that the «3Fcumstances were at the best excep tional, and will still give me credit for Sxsng at least as l-rave as most girls of any age. I Siavc always despised so-called «erves. When a child I quite loved to 'Bleep In the dark. At school I was the yriuie mover of ghost stories, and I aemember now that soine of my prac §Soal jokes verged strangely upon the gmkind and even -dangerous. I 3iave lasen educated quite up to modern ideas. it is only a year since I left Girtom, and 3E am -now comfortably established at 3tome wSth my father and mother. I am lEbe -only daughter, and am between 23 sand 24 years of age. We live in a 3orge place about an hour's ride by Tail dfeoro Xjondon. I fliaTe my own special dome, asid a Httle pony carriage foe ssdss for my exclusive 'use. I also have ?any study or twudoir, and can order 'W&at; boobs I please for niy own benefit. snot only from Mudie, but from the local Swjofceeflens. I am passionately fond ojE music, and can play two or three Sn dStnuneniis. I think I can say. wrfiiout «ny false pride, that my performances «a *he vaiflia sure rather betlter tilian ^Ebose of mas): amateurs. I am afliso jjnsat at aU kinds of outdoor sports snd games. I aim the champion player p»f tSie tennis club to which I belong, ssad I am at the present time suecess 3&By; getting up a lady's g-olf club. In lEifaarr. I think I may truly say of my aeeTff that I represent tOie average, upto -flate, well-educated, rattier isrrong -aunded, ntoe'teerttih-oentury girl. 2Cow. I mtast tell aibout my fright. 5T-*n can imagine that it must have been -fHHnetkfng epecial to put me into such a estate of terror that I cannot think, of it wuMi now without Shuddering. I received an invitation late last au burn to go to see my grandfather, who 3iv-as in Dublin. My mother did not ^srtienlsrly wish me to go. I l-eally tfSftnk onotbere must 3iave premonitions, rTor £here was no apparent reason for amy not talcing such a simple and easlly j&eoomplfsfred; journey. I had been ^fiwttau' a good deal, and had had advcai Auw move than one; therefore, when any another Cretted 'herself about my ?going flwn London to Dublin, via Holy ?3maA, I condd not help laughing at her. ** If yon must go alone. Virginia,' she StaSd. 'had you not better travel by saayS' *(ft, nonsense, nonsense,' I saSd. -*I Siate travelrng by day, particularly ftry h route w3uch I already know. ISesifles, at *s surih a waste of tune. At ari£fet one can «1eep and travel together. ^9£l «*y no more about it dear, good anoSber. Rl tak£ the mijrht mail from JBoatm. tttis evening, and have Iweak ifiut with grandfather in the morning/' My mother made no further remon ?stxmnoes, but I heard her sighing in the :3MBt -aggravating style, And I knew she trimb nronmumig to nerself about my ^iacadstrangnelss and borer I never would listen to reason. SoQBng makes me so obstinate as &fcOBe; muttered remonstrances of my .zaStiiTim. Are they afraid of me. that Saey 4ont egieaik out ? I am always ?amrwaiMe to reason, but when people matter over me. *hen I become simply anS»h. 1 adore my dear mother, but i *fza tor her I cannot be expected to gpve vp my own way when I hear ber mattering tfiat It is 'Just like Vir My 43rmgg were packed, and I .started 3B9F1b«mmI dme to*atch the night mall art TBoAon. **ioa had ^better so in one of fhc itaffing' -iarriag««,T- said my father. 1\. gnite gasped in horror when he asMfe thw aodacious proposal. '3Cow, do you suppose I am likely to -*- -anySiing -quite so old-maidish ?' I aMgpdeO. u3Vo, I tetve fixed on the exact worner where I shall snooze away from SvHtaa to Holyhead.' I led my father, -mm Zmptike, to a carriiage where two old jgrnaBauem 3iad already oomforia-Wy es 4£8&riied; themeelveis. They had spread «nt 'their rags, and taken complete pos .tMtaifinn of tiie ooroers which were out ^f tte flraaight I was obllvhrns to 43nra«htB, and -cOwee my corner opposite fiae «3d genOemaii who ivas nearest to fifap entraace door. My father supplied aae with i3rree or four -evening papers. X Uad am uncut novel 3n my bag, and \- * little readtag-lamp. which I could ^?Men to 44ie window §edg«. Two or jBne moments later I bad eaia farewell 4d aaay iSaMier. and the great express— «he WiM Irish Girl— had steamed rn jBOBud s^le out of bhe etatioa. S nke the feeling of being whirled SamgMffli Bpace m an express train going «5t «ie top of ite speed. I looked at tine awening fiaiiens. Their con cwi to did not asiperfally interest me. I then\g&zed; art: inj' opposite neighbour. He was very. «teot «nd very red. He tuckeel his tra veiling rug tightly about him. and be 'ffsre ire had passed Wlllesdec wats fast ossteep. He made a distressing note ^citti tK lond snores, and I thought him ?Seridediy irritastSag. For a moment or \- twi I almost regretted that I had not jrwae in an empty ladies' carriage. The *K'Imv old jfentlemaji was scarcely a jmoirp agreeable travelling companion. I£e had a nV-tey oougih, aad a bad cold. He blew his nose, and he coughed about ^?«*y two minutes, and then he looked around liim t» see if tfliere were any jwjsstWe draughts. He not only shut :Jris oirn window but the ventilator .shore as well, and then he glared at 3be reatilator which belonged to tl-. ?iZUVTiaz old gentleman and me. I mad* up iay snma xnat tnat ventilator should only be shut over my fallen body. ?The express went on its way without let or hindrance. Now and then it swayed from side to side, as if its own great (speed were making it giddy ; then again it steadied itself, and rushed ou and on with a rhythmic sort of morion, which was infinitely soothing, and caused me to forget my two uninter esting companions, and to sink gradu ally into the land of dreams. I was awakened presently from quite a sound nap by the slowing of the train. It was coming into a great station, which I found was Chester. We must have passed Crewe while I was asleep. My two companions were now all alive and brisk. They were fastening' up their rugs and folding their papers, and I saw that they intended ta laave the train. ' If you are going on to Ilolyliead,' said the snoring one to ine, ' you have ten minutes to wait here— quite time to get a cup of tea, if you want one.' I thanked him, and thought that I would carry his suggestion into effect. A cur- af tea would be perfect, and would set me up for the remainder of my journey. I accordingly stepped on to the platform and went over the bridge to the great waiting-rooms, which presented at this time a gay scene of eager, hungry, fussy men and ?women sitting at tables, and standing at counlbens, each and all of them -*Ufaig aaid drinking for l-aTe life. I ordered my tea, dru.uk it stand ing at SSie counter, paid for it, and ailso for a bun, tvMcJi I carried away with me in a p-aB-er 'bag, aaid returned to my cairriage. I eaw a heap of rugs cwid a large tolact -bag deposited In the corner away (from mine, and wondered wifli a faint passing curiosity who my mew ?Gravelling companion was likely to be. TJ*e gti&Td; came up at this moment to see if I were comforifcable. He sadd that we would mot stop again until we reached Holydieati, and atsked me if I waarted for amytihing I sa£d ' No.' 'Perhaps you'd like me to lock the carriage door, miss ?' he said. ' The *ra.in 5s not too full to-night, ami I can manage it.' I laughed and pointed -to the rugs and bag to the opposite corner. ' Somebody lias already taken poases sion,' I said. ** But 'if you wMi, mSss, Nl put those llhtngis in another carriage,' said the , guard. 'No, no,' I replied, 'I don't mind company in the least' .Tiier then my fellow-traveller put in asn ttppeairnce. He was a big man, wrapped up in a great ulster and wibh a muffler round his throat and mouth. The guard looked at him, I thought, a little CTispicSously. This made me angry. X Shave no paibience with those squeamT^h girls who think every mom ?wftio seas 'them must offer them ePther atdmirsuion or insult. I looked very oheerful, made way for the traveller to take his «eat, and smiled and thanked ?the guard. A moment later the train started on its way. We haid just got well outside *he station, when tflie ge&tlemam; in the nl ster and muffler carefuny unwound tihe latter appendage from his mouth aaid throat. He folded ft up neatly, and put it iirto his black bag. AftervvaMte 3«e took off Ms Ulster. I now saw that 5*e ?was a fairly good- looking man of about eigihtjand-tweniy. He wore a full moustache of raven hue, and a short beard. He had very black and piercing eyes. W.Uen I looked at him I dis covered that he also looked at me. ' Now, are you getting nervous, Vir ginia, or ace you not ?' I murmured to myself. ' Why may not a man look at a girl if 'he pleases ? There as an old proverb ttiat a cat may look at a king. Let me 'suppose, therefore, that the man ?opposite as a well-grown and present able cat, and that I am -his Majesty tiie king, line cat may stare as long ots Oie pleases. The king will not dfctairb himself.' # Accordingly I prepared to light my reading lamp, as I knew that I oould not possibly fall asleep under the gaze of those watchful, dark eyes. I had juet settled myself comfortably, and had taken my uncut novel out of my bag. vrtien the stranger spoke to me. ' Do you object to my opening the window ?' he asked. 'Certeiinly aiot,' I replied. I gave him a distant little bow, which wtaB meant to say that the cat muet keep its ALsbance. and lowered my eyes over the fascinating pages of my novel. The train was now going at a rattling pace, and I found Chat the draught from the open window was rather more than I cared to be subjected to. I 'had just raised my (head, and was about to atik my travelling companion if (he would be kind enough to close it, when I met a sight which gave me the first premoni tion of that ihorror which tMs sfcoiry fe meant to describe. The man in theop postte comer had opened his black bag. and taken from Sit a pair of large, sharp-looking scissors, and also a razor. Wihen I glanced at Mm he had opened the razor, and was gently and dexter ously sharpening it on a leather strop which he had fastened to one or the butJtona ?of Hhe window. He met my eye as I meit his. and smiled grimly. I felt fihat a situation of some sort was imminent, and. closing- my book, sat perfeofly «fcill with my hands tightly locked together and my heart beating loudUy. The lighlt from the reatdinp lamp fell full upon me, and I turned abruptly and put it out. ?' I wlH thank you -to light that lamp again.' said the denanger. ' Do so at once — there iB no tfme to lose.' *' I don't understand you,' I said. I tried to make my voice imperious Jiul -haujjhty. but I was terribly con scious that ft came out of my tbnHCt 31 litfle gasps and jerks. ' Now, look bejne,' said the man ** know you are frjghSen&d;, and I am not 4n the Qeaist snrjrmfised. I should be friphtienied if I were io your petition. You ate alo.ue in a railway carriiijj-p with a iiran w3»o could strangle you and throw your desid body on the line if he fetl thv- le-ac^t mcliaied to -lo so. Ko. mo —you don't get to the alarm l-ell. I aan keeping guard orer that. Now, I may as well teTI you frankly that I have come into this railway cairriasere on pur pose to have the pleasure of your so ciety. I saw yon get into 1flie carriage at Euston, aJid I knew tih'at you wmild be aJoue wteu yooi got to Ch^estcr. From Chester -to Holyflaead it, a Ion;* ruu. The train is now comfortaibly on its way, and will not stop for nearly two hours. You eee, therefore, that you are completly at my mercy. Your only chance of safety is in doing exactl.v wh'ait I tell you. Now. have Uie good ness to light that reading lamp imnie dKately. The stranger's voice was iniperious — shaking fingers and fastened it to &xe; ?oiqK*-iU- mine. His restless, brilliant eyes were fixed full on my face. 'Liight the lBimp.' ilie said. I obeyed him wiifchout a moment's ?hesitation. When I had lit it he took it foam my slialrinff fingers and fastened ti to the cushion of the seat in the centre of the carriage. 'Thalt its bettter,' he said, 'that m more cheerful. Now, see, I am going to kneel down. Ixw-k at my face. Can you see it well ?' ' Yes.' I answered. ' I have a good 'deal of hair, haven't I?' 'You ihave,' I replied. ' Do vou see t3iis pair of scissors ?' ' Yes.' ' And this razor ?' ' Yes.' 'They're deadly weapmsi', are nfey not?' 'They oould do misohief,' I ansTver ed in a faltering voice. ' Ay, ay. they could— and they wfll, too, unless a oartla'in young lady does exacMy what (She is told. Now, come — *he moment for action has arrived — Jtake your gloves off.' I hesitated. 'Take *hem off,' tihundered the man. They were off in a twinkling. ' Come up close, and begin.' ' Begin whait ?' 'Don't be a fool. You have r-crHy «if fnltelligence if you choose to exercise St. Cut off my mousifcaciie.' I drew back. ' I don't know 'how,' I faltereil ' I'll eoon (teach yon.' ' How, pray ?' I asked. **By KAiarpeming tflrat rassor a little more. Now. are you going to try ? Taike the scissors in your hand.' He knelt so thalt the light of the lamp should fall full on him, and gave me tthe scissors. I took it at once and be gan my task. ' Hold my chin.' he said. ' You can't do your work properly in that shaky [ way. Out, I say— cut' I did cut— -3od alone knows how I. managed it but I got the man's thick and sweeping mousfciche off. As I worked 'he gave me imperious direc tions. ' (Cut clean,' rhe said. ' cut close and clean. You will have to shave me pre «em«y.' * **TThat will be very dangerous for yon,' I ventured 'to retort. 'Fudge,' he replied. 'You will be cocl enough by that time. Now, is the moustache all gone ?' ' Yes,' I eaid. - ; 'Cut the whiskers off.' : *' No,' I answered. 'Yes,' he replied. He fixed his eyes on me, and I obeyed him. The wfluskere were followed by the 'beard— the beard by the hair on the man's head. How my fingers aolied ! How my ?heart thuniited ! How those basilisk eyes seemed to fierce throug?i me. and flU me vrSOh sick lorfthins and abject Siorror : When I had finished the cutting pro cess lie took from the depths of nte bag aome shaving apparatus, poured water iu-bo a little -flask. -made the soap lather, and desired ine to share him. I wavt now completely meek and subdued, and dteped his least direction without a word. .FortuwaJfiely for the man's life I 3iad on one or two occasions performed ?Shis operwtfon on my brother, who ?bought me how to maaiiage the razor, and complimented me on my skill. It came io my aid now. Notwithstanding tlie shaking tram and the agitated state of my nerves I performed my task well. I even beoame. in the qudereet way, prond of my sucoagHful shaving. The man's cheeks and upper lip looked as innooenlt of toalr as a baby's before I nad done with fiilom, - At ia^t my task was done, and a Shaven, uncouth object took the plaiee of tb» fcaud&onie; straaigar who had come into «he trtata an hour ago. Wdien my work was over he dtooped. ooHecOed every scrap of foatr, and flung it out of fche window. Then ne shut the window and fcoM me to put out the reading tamp. I obeyed, and crouched back Sn my corner, trembling: in every limb. ' You have only one more tttmg to do for me,' he safid. 'CWi, is there any more?' I panted. ' I don't tiKnk my strength win hold out.' 'Yes. ft wSl.' he replied. 'This part of your task Jb easy. Turn your head and Jook out of the window. Don't lodk back again under any car cumstamcas until I ylve you leave. If you 4o you -anx -a dead woman.' I tniimied my nawd. I looked ou* into ttie black night My eyes were swimming — my throat was dry, my heart conttoued to thump nkutniOAy. I felt 4ha-t I (had already Hv«d 'fihrcnigh a afletSme. I had a kind of aensaMon thait I should never nave courage and 'buoyancy of heart again. Tfoe trafin went on its way, tanumptag and booindling. I heard flbe rustle of my companion's moveioaa'te. Was he a madman ? Yes. of course, he must bte miali. Wab he staaQisig stealthily -up now to murder me with tihat sharp and shining razor ? Would the traSn ever reach its destination ? Would the dreadful ni^ht ever go ? At last-Hat 3ast, thtmk -heaven. ,1 felt the iiurtiioiii of t3ie great express per ceptibly slackening. At the same in stant my fellow-travoll«r siyM-k« ?&\- me. '? You can look round now.' She said. ' Your task is over. All you have to do is to give me five minutes' grace, and you are safe.' I looked round eagerly. What I saw forced a loud exciaiuisvtj»ii from my lips. T'he metamorphosis of my com panSoiu was mow fully accomplished. Am. elderly clergyman, in complete and most correct clerical cmstuine, was seated at 'tflie other ond of the carriage. The haar whidh was seen below bis hat was silvery -white. He had white eye brows. Tbe rest of 9us face wtos clean shaven. The train drew into 'tiie station. The momemt it did so the clergyman fining open the door of the carriage. He took off 'Ms hat to me witii a gracious movement ' Benedlcifce,' ihe eaid in a full and reverent Toice. I saw hann no anore. ^ A moment later two .detectives came up to the door. They asked eagerly if I -were triaveUing alone, or if I htad ihad a oomparaion with a black moustache amid be&nd.; I was positively too much shinned to repfy to them. I don't think, to iMs day, my elderly clergyman was ever discovered. 