MRS. BIXBY'S PLAN. — 1 w Mrs. Bixby lirc-d on a pleasant street in a . desirable house, and, from . out-: ward appearance, was a woman to be envied, but- the truth was, she had- a 'skeleton" in tho family closet, which during the score, of years, of licr wedded life,- she lmd guarded so jealously that not even her nearest neighbonr knew of its existence. Candour compels me to say that it was not there by her wish, but- solely because her husband willed it- __ Now Mr. Bixljy, outside- of-his home, was. a model man, respected by his fel low-citizens, was a member of the . church, and a Sabbabth-school teacher. He generally wore a smile, spoke plea santly to a passing friend, was fond of children, and every one supposed lie was a happy man. It was1 only in his home that he cared to annoy his wife, by his strange devotion at times to that skeleton, ' and the occasions on which lie brought it forth and rattled - its hones woro of the most trifling charac ter— a buttou missing, a mislaid paper, or breakfast five minutes late, would oftentimes drive him; to hold silent companionship with the uncanny, thing for weeks together, until it really seem ed to Mrs. Bixby that he would forget the use of his tongue, in her presence altogether, For the first mouths of her marriage she had' been patient, and thought his , . business troubled him;- then later con cluded- his liver was out of order, for which she made various teas of herbs, for his relief, and kindly persuaded him to try, only to find her entreaties met with sullen silence, while her mediciues were promptly pitched out of door's. In vain had- she pleaded, reasoned, and wept-, trying to' induce him to give up this strange companion; that made her so unhappy; he. ignored all her wishes, and clung to it the closer, not even Ins favourite dishes, which she cooked, and of which lie ate, would lure him away, until he himself would weary of it for the time, and condescend to bo amiable once more. Sometimes, as the days would glide by into weeks, Mrs. Bixby would fondly hope that her hnshnnd would forget . its very existence. But. alhs! one morning the "closet door" had been open, and the skeleton was dragged forth with all its hones, because Mr. Bixby had a grievance. It was a hole in his pocket, as he informed "Mrs. Bixhy," which had been there one whole week, and he had sundry coins in his hoot, aud ho sarcastically remarked that she probably would not c-nre if his pocket-book fell through eventually. ' She vainly tried to explain that it- was impossible for her to know the state of his pockets all the time, and .it was his duty as sole guardian of them to report .to her when they needed re pairs; and, thinking of the injustice of the charge, she added, that the loss of all his money made no particular' difference to her, as she was never al lowed any. As usual he retorted by accusing her of never caring for hint, or doing anything for his comfort, and forthwith! lie embraced his favourite framework, and . vouchsafed no more words to her. After he left the house, and her morn ing's work was done, Mrs. Bixhy seated herself in her low rocker, determined, if possible to plan a way ' to get rid of c this destroyer of her domestic peace, or know the reason why. It seemed to her that she "had tried everything hut one, and that was starvation, which was rather a paradoxical proceeding ; still a man's heart was qiiite often seat ed near his digestion, aud so. - having duly ' provided supplies for he'reslf. in case of a prolonged siege, she calmly awaited results. Her husband wps a punctual man, so, when at the. last stroke of twelve from the town clock he entered the door, the look of blank surprise which lie cast- upon his wife, so busily reading, and the unset table, was amusing; lie even put his hand upon the stove before he could believe it Was cold. Could .Mrs.- Bixby be ill? There was too much-- colour in her face for that. "Well," he thought-, "she is angry because I said a few words to her this morning. 1 don't carc ; I will eat up all the pie," which he promptly did. aud departed without speaking, sure' that his wife would forgive as in time -past, and have- a warn supper for hnn at night." In fact, he came home earlier than usual, hut alas, the house was still cheerless; no savoury viands and no fire. He was glad -to find a cold rem nant of ham and a. biscuit, that was past its youth. Still, lie kept silence, and held his skeleton all the closer. His sleep was fitful, and long before day he was awake, and wondering how long one could live on bread aud water. He entered' a store on his way to his 'office and bought a pound of biscuits, carelessly remarking lie would take them with him, but be found they made a very poor substitute for the warm rolls, fragrant coffee and eggs .with which his table was often covered. He could not attend to his work until lie had done some thinking, realising as . he had never done before how much of his comfort he owed to Mrs. Bixby's loving, care. Even now his head ached. How often she had bathed it for him, and when he had the fever, how many nights she was sleepless lor his sake. Oh. how hungry he felt! Yes, his wife was a good cook, rather -better, he was surer than his mother — of ' course he had been a tyrant ; oh, if Mrs. Bixby .would only forgive him. lie would show lier how kind he could he. "Why. he just hated that gruesome thing that had made her so unhappy. He felt- so faint, he guessed lie would go home; it was only ten, hut. he would stop at the market and get a chicken and a bushel of sweet potatoes — yes. and a dozen of oranges for his wife, becauSe she loved them so. What was money to a starving man, anyway? Oh, his wife should see that he trusted her; she should haro the pocket-book to cariy, and lie would not hold himself responsible for the holes in her pockets. In short, he did all he thought he would, and while his forgiving companion- pre pared dinner, he buried the skeleton so deep that not even its ghost ever haunted them, and although he ate so much that he was ill, he recovered through her loving care, and they lived happy for many years : and when the village youths were wed everyone would say, "Stay your life be as joyous as the Bixby's." > , . Death to those who die is always sud den, to those who mourn is always pre mature. . If there be anght eurpassin human feed, or tfowl bought, it is a mothert Iwf . 