(Before Mr Justice Hensman and a Jury of Six.) W. WHEATLEY v. W. T. McLEOD. This was an action for malicious pro, secution. Mr Harney and Mr Abbott (instructed by Mr Abbott) appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr James and Mr Stawell (instructed by Mr Stawell) for the defendant. Mr Harney, in opening the case for the plaintiff, said, that ?WVheatley was a r-spectable young" man occupying a goo l 1os'tion as employee of the Dia mond Drilling Company of Kalgoorlie. The defendant was the proprietor of another diamond-drilling concern of Kalgoorlie. On March 25 the defend ant lost a diamond bit, containing seven Brazilia9 diamcnds of consider able value. He made inquiries, but discovered nothing of the diamonds, until June 5, when he saw them in t shop of a jeweller named Mackay, satisfied the defendant that he had 4 them from another jeweller. McL therefore took no action, but on the f lowing day he learned that Wheaa~l had been ,seen offering diamonds ??' sale. It~would naturally have bee& thought that McLeod would have comy to the conclusion that Wheatley got th diamonds from Mackay, with whose & planation he had been previously s fled, but he did not come to that ce clusion. On tile other hand, he a-i once had him arrested, and thrown int` prison on the charge of having recei: the diamonds knowing them to V stolen. There might be some doubti as to whether it was not the police instituted the proceedings, but whenrthie plaintiff had been brought before :t police magistrate on June z2, ayd the police had withdrawn the charge, b?h? defendant, instead of apologising, sub" stituted for the original charge a fresh.i charge of larceny against the plaintiff The magistrate sent the plaintiff to trial, but at the Quarter Sessions tht Crown Prdsecuior entered a nolle prose.. qui, knowing that he had not the ghost. of a chance of proving the charge.. McLeod had been told that he was makt-, ing a.mistake in having the plaintiff ar-t rested. because he had had the di monds placed" in his hands by Mackay who desired .him to place them on f 'f -r. to -his (Wheatley's). employers,' wt offered £io per carat for them, whkih offer the p'aintiff had refused, becaus?.4 he wanted the .full market price of As3r When told this story, McLeod did not take the sl!ghtest trouble to ascertain its truth, but replied, "I don't calre; will go on with it." There was ea denly bad feel:ng between the de ant and the plaintiff, because the lat •t-r was taking steps to $romote a diamcnd drilling syndicate, -whereas tI* defendant's concetm..and the coma employing the plaintiff at the timeA Na monopoly. This was eviden.tly - cause of McLeod's actions. The t: who was csharged with the theft'of 4?i diamonds was charged on the sam?if that Wheatley appeared in the poin court. He was released on bail, :but owing to the ste'uous opposition uf. -defendant's solicitor Wheatley'vas: rk fused bail. Evidence was then called to supp this story. The Court then adjourned until rto.-i the following morning. 