JOTTINGS BY THE WAY. The evidence taken In the Tyson case shows that the public owes, a deep debt of gratitude to Mr. Perkins, M.L.C. But for a timely interjection when the late Mr. Tyson-was speaklng.it is quiteon the caras 'that^the departed millionaire might haVe, In addition to his other sins, had to answer aa one of Australia's champion bores. -Tyson:, .wastb an extent a mail'berert of Ideas or; \- Imagination, and his soul. was probably an. \--'infinitesimal quantity. . But he knew one; subject' with a consuming passion : he knew, the land. So when he rose to make his maiden speech in the House he devoted him self to the ravages of marsupials, when the timely Mr. Perkins Interposed. "Do they bite the sheep'?" he inquired innocently, whereat Mr. Tyson' subsided, and never spoke in public more; No doubt he regarded Mr. Perkins as a crimlnallunatic : it never entered, his ""mind that he was jesting: in capable of a joke himself, it was impossible .. for him to suspect others-of harbouring one. We wish that other.public men could have their careers of loquacity so effectually checked. Tyson on marsupials would'hava come to be a standing threat to. the Cham ber"; of all Parliamentary Dores the larnlj bore is the worst. It is a curious anecdote, to he brought out In this way ; hut all that; was curious in the life of the millionaire' •is coming out after his death. There Is a' •touch of genuine pathos in his complaint; of his loneliness and more than a dash ol; repulsion when orfe.-reads of'bis exultation^ because every one at Feltori "earned his rations." Truly, if "one wished to preach against riches, here" Is a parable. ' Apart from flies, drought, defunct stock, and. the glorious futures of various to-wns visited duYing .his- .memorable Northern tour, his Excellency Lord Lamlngton made one most important ethnological discovery, or else the Northern newspaper man who interviewed him in Townsville was co dazzled by the proximity of a real live Go vernor that he made, up his stuff' as he went along, audi wrote down anything that came Into his head without reference to the exact truth of the words he put into the Governor's mouth. One of Lord Lam lngton'a impressions is reported to be that "the keen perception and sense of humour of the Australian aboriginal is certainly far above that of the average old country; yokel." To dwellers in .this land of thirst this point of view had never occurred. "Im-? migrants.of the peasant class who land here certainly cannot have any sense of humour "or .keen perception, or they would never buy tomatoes for a fruit and 'walkabout the streets in heavy tweeds, and a•• tra« . veller's cap under a broiling sun. Btit this proceeding on their part" has- never •induced us to class them lower than the dusky gentlemen whose idea of domestic bliss is a cheerful waddying of their wives, and whose greatest enjoyment is a gorge of half-roasted wallaby or of ill-looking insldes. Our own Governor has taught us differently, and we should be properly grateful for his appreciation of our indi genous product. But Queensland will feel sorry for Ld?d Lamlngton,when he gets home to his baronial halls and informs his retainers in good faith that they are "all same longa bAck pfella." The said re tainers are likely to take strong objection to the sentiment, and their lack of humour may make things particularly unpleasant "for their feudal lord. \- ' The Premier of New Zealand has de cided to get tho Duke of York to open Ibe Parliament of that colony,..and ,we. see no objection to this "helng permitted, .so .long as the Duke's visit does not interfere with the-Drrangernents made for" Tils stay In Queensland. The Duke, after opening our Parliament, will be required for a con versazione at Nanango, and the opening of the Mechanics' Institute at Croydon, and ke certainly ought to see how we race ponies at Woolloongabba before he leaves. At Winton they never see anything but drought, and it would "bo a kindly act for the Duke to visit that place ; and tllto gether when we get him we shall keep h.lm busy. Besides, we object to Now Zea land putting in her oar to our detriment. She is not among the federated colonies, and her political complexion Is so violently democratic that a Royal Duke would be en tlr.ely out of place. The Suppression" of Juvenile Smoking Bill has passed through Committee in the Sydney Assembly. It Is one of those inane little measures which doddering politicians love to bring in. Tobacconists are to be fined If they sell tobacco "to children under the age of 14"—the Australian "child" of 14 jnakee one smile. Why, the wild craving of the children of this continent for cigar butts and weed begins at about the age of 3, and at 14 the child is often in the truest sense , the father "of the man, and he has.a pre cious wideawake ana keen-witted parent! The intellect of many toys of 14 is much too strong to allow them to treat the Juven ile. Smokers BUI with anything but "con tempt, and in any case what ha? Parliament to do with matters of this kind? The par ental birch would be a more appropriate remedy—if remedy is needed. While one of the members fpr Mary borough has been careering round Charters Towers the Gin Gin Sugar Company "nave had the temerity to jndent a vacuum pan ? from -Germany instead of having it tnatie at Maryborough, and the Government are being moved in the matter. We understand that the Works Department had Intended using an imported spring for one of the doors in the Treasury Buildings, "but since the Maryborough man has shown his dis pleasure in respect of the vacuum pan have decided to place an order for tho spring with Walkers Limited ! o The following advertisement from the " Ceylon Observer" will serve as a good example of the generous way in which Englishmen treated their captured enemies : " Wanted to hire.—A half-size billiard-table, •with accessories (new or second-hand), to. he-delivered at the nearest station at Diya talawa Boer Camp. Apply, stating terms, •to Field-Cornet P. W. Ferreirra, prisoner jbf-war, Dlyatalawa Camp," . The Government has decided to allow the Commonwealth Celebrations Committee £1000 for, the purpose of marking the na tional ' rejoicings in' a. suitable manner ; but the absurdity of this small sum being supposed sufficient for the purpose is ap parent. New Zealand, which^has nothing to do with the federation, is spending more than ten times the amount, and any one can see that £1000 for a series of publiq ceremonies is. aboutl as liberal a provision as made by the. Scotchman who. came to London and complained that before he had been in the place an thour bang went sax-i pence. We do* not say that we should " celebrate" on the frantic" sca/s that Syd ney intends to; but we should certainly show that we realise the Importance of ther day, and are prepared to give it a suitable setting. Our celebrations-ought, as far as possible, to be on a scale that will keep people here- to participate in them ; but with the prospect of a meagre £1000 en* tertuinment every one who can (possibly get. to Sydney will go there; The proper course would be to have a deputation of .leading citizens to wait on the Premier to thoroughly discuss the arrangements. There is something almost pathetic in' the information that over 400 odes arid poems on the-Australian Commonwealth, have been! received y>y the Celebrations^,Committee in'; Sydney. Of, -all -the kinds of .hopeless lunatics, the man who labours .under the, fond delusion that the divine afflatus has: descended Upon him is the worst, and: the; knowledge that we have 400 of them in our; midst is enough to give the boldest pause, and make him ponder the advisability of emigrating to Western Australia, the in habitant* of which sun-baked colony have not thought -it necessary to sit down and dash off something in the usual way. But even this point of view Is not so serious as others. Let the public consider the .heartburnings, the frantic searches for rhymes, the bursts of ill-temper directed against the household in general when the baby spoils a line by squealing at a critical -moment, or the domestic cat upsets*the ink over the clean copy destined for the post. Let them think of the fits of abstraction, of the hope deferred that maketh the heart sick, of*tb,e fact that probably the citizen that sits next them in the tram has extra ordinary ideas of metre which he has com mitted to paper in the sure and certain hopo of their glorious resurrection on Ist January next. And then—well, prayers for the souls ; of afflicted- riidrtals is probably the. mast' humane thing in which they can indulge.. The cablegramming Lynehas a lot to au^ swer for, but surely the biggest black mark against him is the fact that by his, mis placed arid misguided . enthusiasm'he has induced four hundred of his unhappy fellow- Australians to lay the flattering unction to< their souls that they are 10 per cent better than Rudyard Kipling, and some three or four hundred tiinos as good as'our acceptedl Australian poets. o It is clear from ■ the speech of the Chancellor of the Exchequer that the Salis bury Government realises that the war in South Africa has greatly benefited the capi talists of the Rand, who, having largely called the tune, are to be made to con tribute a moiety towards paying the piper. There were not found wanting many to declare at' the outset' of hostilities that these mineowners and financiers -of the Rand were largely instrumental in stirring up hatred and'bloodshed in South Africa; and no doubt greed and ambition were among . the motives :■' that made hostilities unavoidable. But It. is certainly only bare •equity that, now that England has exr ■ pended millions on, the w;|r and sacrificed thousands of her noblest sons, the vast gold deposits- of the Rand should be made to pay toll.. Sir Michael Hicks Beach re fers to "the lamentations" of- the mine owners, but we presume that these are not likely to fall on sympathetic ears. With out England's intervention, the mines and mineowners would have gone long ago.. In a sham fight which. was held in con nection with a Volunteer camp lately, as serts, the " Regiment," the invading force was led by an officer whose hand was better suited to the plough than to the sword. They were marching down a road, and, on turning a sharp corner, they came acro3s the-enemy lying but a short distance from them. . . • . . "Charge!" commanded the officer. Away went his men at full speed, and, when they had covered about half the dis tance, to the enemy, they heard their officer shout, " Come back, come back, the hale pack o' ye ; come back to where ye started from, and start ower again. I've forgotten to order ye to fix bayonets." An announcement made In London that New Zealand aspires to form a federation of its own. has caused, an amusing flood of comment and haphazard speculation, (writes our fcoudon correspondent.) The. Eng li?h papers pay much attention to Aus tralasia nowadays. They are not exactly omniscient, but to be in the fashion they ' feel it is necessary to say something upon every colonial question that arises. 'On the arrival of Sir William. Lyne's "protest" against -'New Zealand's annexation of the Cook Archipelago, Mr. W. P. Reeves sat a whole day dispensing news about the islands and, the South Seas in general to Press callers. Some understood him ; several others didn't ; so he has had to explain the affair over again in <a message from his own pen, distributed through Reuters Agency. His chief point is that " nearly three-fourths Dtf the Import trade of the islands and thirteen-fourteenfchs of the ex ports are done with New Zealand, and nearly the whole of tihe remainder with the French possessions in the Pacific." Sir William Lyne was reported to have said that the greater part of the trade of the Cook Islands was done with New South Wales. As to the assumption that New Zealand may frame a tariff excluding Aus tralian trade from the islands, Mr. Reeves adds : —"That Is answered by the notorious1 fact that fpr years past New Zealand has been ready and anxious to enter into re ciprocal trade relations with Australia." The impediments New Zealand sees to entering the Australian Commonwealth are little understood in England, but so far as public opinion has been expressed on the question it is unanimously in favour of the union. ; Mackay deserves well of the community. The tired feeling which Is popularly.'sup posed to be characteristic of life in the tropics has not prevented its good people from taking first place In the vanguard of. scientific research in Australia. Necessity being -the mother of invention, they are about io try their hand at'the production of rain artificially. Pour mortars are being made for this purpose, and the first has ac-j Jually been cast and tested with-satlsfactory results.- When, the battery is comploto, Mackay will make a determined effort to capture tho floodgates of the heavens by vigorous bombardment. The haye lost Interest In a Weather Bureau that never has rain on hand, when it is wanted. If by,a llttlo ingenuity and a reasonable ex penditure of powder they can control their own supply, so much the better. There la nothing now, of course, in the experiment, though a very few-years back one would a3 lief thought of reverting to the old bogies of squaring the circle, or seeking the elixir of life. The discharge of cannon? against approaching storm-clouds has clone' much in Austria and Northern Italy to mini mise the fall of hail which proved so destruc tive to Vineyards, but so far experiments to produce rain in a.cloudless- sky ..have- failed signally; In America, /whero they do every-' thing else, .they can't: make "rain. For; this "reason.-dlone,if lor, no.other, we sincerely; hope (hat Mackay-will be, successful. '■ ■ When an insane woman of the name of Schuapke goes into the royalty assassination: business she is sure to vulgarise it. Tula was proved at Breslau last-week, when a female of the name mentioned hurled .a hatchet at the Emperor, of Germany. Of course it missed the Emperor—in spite of her "emancipation" lovely woman cannot yet throw straight—but we strongly resent the degradation which this method of attempting the life of royal personages Will Inevitably bring on Anarchy. Bombs, pistols, poisons,. are_all in order ; but a hatchet aimed low is out of the question. It reminds one; of a. domestic falling-out between- a navvy and his wife. -1 - .-.:•• Extract of Parliament;- ■ Mr. Lesina : I am not in favour of snail screws, Mr. Grlmas. Like Jludyard KipH'hg, I believe a little bit of screw will dp won ders with billiards or with men: -I think if there's "any screw that wants retrenching in: this House it's the'corkscrew.. (Laughter;y .'.'.-'■■- ■; V'.?*v;i:>:-;:^;^"l:V ", Mr. Stewart :-Wo don't have a Tyson die" every day In Queensland. . " Mr. Philp : Unfortunately, 'we don't. ' • Mr. Stewart : The hon. the Premier says unfortunately not." I only wish old Ty son's ghost could rise from his grave and see how the birds of prey are gathered round his fortune. Mr. Browne : The lawyers are all there. 