LAWS AND LAW-MAKING. In Austria every man of 60 years of age, who has fulfilled certain conditions, is entitled to a pension equal to one-third of the amount per day which he earned during his working days. v * * r 'A start has been made with the Gunnedah P.L.L. Forty names are on the membership roll and £1 in hand. A public meeting will shortly be held to strengthen the political position.' — T. H. Ryan. * # * The conditions for recipients under the New Zealand Old Age Pensions Act are — (1) Poverty; (2) residence twenty-five years in colony ; (3) attainment of age of 65 ; (4) a clean sheet in respect of crime, loafing, and habitual drunkenness. * * * Those socialistic proposals are con nected with great evils and no one who is not absolutely blind will deny the exist ence of those evils. It is our duty to do all we can to find remedies for those evils : even if we are called socialists for doing so, we shall be reconciled to it. — Lord Salisbury. ?» #? * Labor-Mayor Wright, of Broken Hill, has yet to put a velvet glove on his iron hand. He started to wave the ghosts of lost, stolen, and strayed city flags over the heads of a deputation that came to present a new one. Naturally they didn't like it. Nor do we. Courtesy sits as well beside a Labor Mayor as by any other ; honor and shame, my friend, from no condition rise. * * * The Tasmanian Clipper remarks that the Britisher will soon be an outlander in his own country. In the British Isles there are 72,000,000 acres of land, the private property of some 30,000 people. 10,888 persons own 52,000,000 acres. The 40,000,000 people pay a tribute of £260,000,000 ? per year to the 30,000 landlords in rent, mining royalties, etc., for the privilege of living in a land which they are pleased to call their own. * * * The adoption of day-labor and the abolition of the contracting system by the Hawthorn Council, Yic., is being amply justified by results. The cost of carting metul has been reduced by A-d. per square yard below the price paid previously to contractors, notwithstanding that the wages paid by the council are 36s. per week as against 20s. per week paid by contractors for the same work. What's more, both ratepayers and wage-earners are satisfied at the change. * * * Senator T. Bucklin, of U.S. Colorado, was ' astonished ' at New Zealand's debt of £47,000,000. He said his state only had £400,000 debt and advised N.Z. to go backward. He didn't add that Colorado doesn't own an inch of railway or a foot of wharfage and that N.Z. or any Australian State could far more than clear its debt by selling its railways— if it were fool enough to fall back to the condition of Colorado. & if. 4s A London County Court has decided the meaning of the law of giving notice. Supposing a man was summarily dis missed by his employer, he was entitled to wages in lieu of notice, but if he found other employment during the period he should have been engaged, he could not expect to be paid by both. Again, in the labor market, if a man left his employ ment without a word, and the employer could easily get another man, there was not the slightest reason why he should sue his workman. That is fair enough. * * # Day-labor is wiping contract out every where. The Melbourne City Council have decided to employ the scavengers direct. This knocks out the contractor. It is now some years since the question was raised in the Trades Hall, and it is certainly gratifying to find now that it is admitted and acted upon. The previous contractor's tender for man, horse, and dray was 7s. 9d. per day, out of which he was supposed to pay the men 6s. per day. 'NT _ ? A— n -P/-kV1 ll/twOA Otl/I l^UYY iiiey jjuu ill a bouuoi jlua uuaoo 'uu dray at the rate of 3s. 9d. per day, clearly demonstrating that the 7s. 9d. previously paid could not have remunerated them if they had paid the men 6s. per day. It is stated that this day-labor will involve an extra expenditure of £500, but there is compensation in having better work done for the money paid. * * * The London Daily News gave three prizes for ' An Ideal Cabinet.' The result showed that its readers thought there were only two possible Prime Ministers, Lord Salisbury and Lord Rosebery. As Foreign Secretary, Lord Rosebery had no rival. A remarkable thing was the absence of Mr. Chamber lain's name. He was driven out to make room for Sir Edward Grey. The popular name for him in England is ' The Push ful One,' and the general opinion is that he might do well at the Board of Trade. Lord Lansdowne, the Secretary for War, received only nine votes, and Mr. John I v Morley, M.P., the smallest, number of votes given to any statesman. The most popular statesmen were Lord Rose bery, Lord Salisbury, Sir Edward Grey, and Mr. Asquith. * # # ' For the old and destitute comfort and home should be provided, which pro vision, when misfortune had been by the working of such a system sifted from guilt, would be honorable instead of disgraceful to the receiver. For a laborer serves his country with his spade, just as a man in the middle ranks of life serves it with sword, pen, or lancet. If the service be less, and therefore the wages during health less, then the reward when health is broken may be less, but not less honorable; and it ought to be quite as natural and straightforward a matter for a laborer to take his pension from his parish, because he has deserved well of his parish, as for a man in higher rank to take his pension from his country because he has deserved well of his country.' — Ruskin. * * * R. C. Bishop Gibney, of W.A., has fallen foul of Governor Smith over masonry and there are threats of appeal ing to London if masonic meetings at Government House are not stopped. The Bishop thus puts the case : The extract from the W.A. Freemasons' Maga zine which impelled me to reiterate the condemna tion of masonry by the Catholic Church reads thus : ' The purest essence of the Ethic Creed has been the inspiration of Masonic teaching. To build up that which is to the soul what health is to the body — character— this has been the aim of Freemasonry throughout the ages. To show men that they may make of themselves living stones, whereby a pure, strong, self-reliant state may be raised ; to teach them the Keys of the Kingdom of Heaven are in custody of no priest, corporation, or church, but in each man's own hands ; that no religion can make or unmake him save his own native endeavors.' The Book of Constitutions with which you (Governor Smith) obliged me does not differ in this from other publications of the craft. The name of Christ is not alluded to nor any mention of the BaviDg truths He revealed. The whole and sole basis of all religion and morality is — ' God, the glorious architect of heaven and earth.' In fidelity in the sense of an ignoring of Christ and His teachings as the basis of moral conduct, is so marked a feature in all that the outside world is permitted to know of the society that it appears marvellous to me that gentlemen whom I know to be good Christians can identify themselves with it. 