u UNDER FATE'S WHEEL. .'? 0 ' By ^LAWRENCE L. LYNCH, '. ifcutbor o£ '' Against Odds," " No Proof," &c;, &c.; CHAPTER XXVIII, "~. With the Snerlß. little things sometimes turn the tlde3 ol great events When Sheriff Cook arrived at Lee, after »ia two -weeks' absence, he meant to see Hope Chetwynde without delay But the first "word addressed him upon his arrival "Was from a friend and near neighbour, and it told him of his sister's illness She had been ill three days, and the case was now grown critical. Without waiting for more, Thomas Cook galloped \uth ill haste to his sister's, and his own country home All that day his thoughts were given to Itbe sufferer, and he haidly left the house (But at noon o£ the second day the favoui able change of the morning was confirmed, and pronounced permanent, and then he hastened to town. He had scarcely arrived at his office when M1s9 Cassandra Chetwynde appeared, and when he had heard hei tale of the Redlands ghost he modihed his plans " The ghost, taken alone, would hardly justify me, perhaps, in changing the order of my doings," he said after some thought "But when 1 consider the mysterious lumour concerning Loyd Hilton, and reflect that the rumour and the ghost ¿ave appeared almost simultaneously, I find tae ghost of interest I meant to visit you at the villa this even- ing, Miss Chetwynde, but as you intend to he absent, and the matter -can very well he Xept until to-morrow, I will come to Red- lands myself some time near midnight I .shall not announce myself, and-do not look for me, Miss Cassandra. It is the ghost I shall como to see I know the place to "be haunted-in the opinion of the fishermen, at least But the ghost has only recently taken shape " And so they parted " My dear, I have promised to spend the night at Redlands You won't mind being left for that time, will you '" This Is what Miss Cassamdra has said to Hope before setting out for her " ghostly" vigil, and it is all she has said, unon this subject, and Hope is not surprised Aun« Cass is not given to explanations, on the on« side , and Hoo>e, on the other, would haw let no thought of fear or tho pro- prieties come between herself ama any wish or plan of her Aunt Cassandra's, and feaa the girl had none Neither, at this time, did she object to a little solitude. She had so much to think of, so much to hope for, ano-to fear , Now, the sheutt" had intended, before the visit of Aunt Cass, to go to the villa that night, believing that his arrival was hy now known to Hope But this was not the case, and 60 the spinster assured htm Hope s seclusion, and her lack of interest in small mundane matters, kept from her knowledge the items of daily imtorest known to most, and in this case Aunt Cass, the only one »t the villa who knew of the sheriff s re- turn, had been purposely silent, so that when, soon after her aunt had set out for Redlands, Hope recehed a note from Sheriff Cook, it aroused her to interest and action The note simply announced Mr Cook s return, and the faot that he would visit her on the following morning at 10 o'clock And now Hope wished earnestly foi her Aunt Cass, for the doufbts and fears so long penit up, now that they were soon to be confirmed or dissipated, seemed to clomoui for utterance, and there could be no other listener but her sensuble, syanpathetie aunt Early next morning Hone sends a note to Redlands informing har aunt oí the sheriff's return, in all innocence of heart and beg- ging her to be ait home without fail to meet him at 10 o'clock. lAt 9 o'clock, his good steed awaiting him, Sheriff Cook is standing at his outer office door studying the situation When he left Redlands last night Doctor Jarvis was In attendance, and had pro- nounced the case critical There is an in- jury to the skull, he saiys, which must in time affect the brain , and there are other internal injuries, the extent amd serious- ness of which he has not vet fathomed There Is also a dislocated wrist The injured one is still insensible, and Us there seems nothing more for him to do then, he prepares to go As he bids Aunt Cass good-bye at the door of the sick room, she says impressively . " When she speaks-if ever she does speak -and the doctor thinks it possible, I think you 'will be interested in what she may have to say-that is, if I have not made a mis- take." " A mistake ' How '" " Merely in the matter of identity." And ehe will say no nore The sheriff is thinking of this, and is ask- ing himself if it is ndt possible to go by the Bhortest route to Redlands, and still reach the villa at 10 o'clock, when some one comes up the steps, and he turns, to confront ¡Terence Glynne The voung man's face is anxious, and he taks for a few words with the sheriff in a tone at once so grave and businesslike, that, to spite of his own haste and preoccupation, the officer turps and silently unlocks his door. Two thoughts have occupied the mind of Terence Glynne since his parting from Lorna Hilton at her own door yesterday-one that lorna, -whose vivacious sweetness and dainty beauty were made for happiness, was over ¡wh.etarç.4-;w$b. sorrow, «orrow ¡which, as he now bolievcd, was blighting her health and pi eying upon her mind, and all because the cloud upon the fair fame of the brother she loved and believed in seemed growing heavier and more threatening, with no hope of its lifting or changing ; the other was the thought, the belief, that he, and ho alone, may lift this cloud-for her sake. Shut out as he is, and has been, from the confidence of Hope and the sheriff, while worthy of both, and believing the return of the sheriff to menu the beginning of hos- tilities against Loyd, and his arrest for Felix Chetwynde's murder ; tortured with fear for the result of this climax, so feared and dreaded by Lorna, and never guessing the latent courage and strength of the girl seemingly tro delicate-Glynne has come with a ii.\ed purpose, which he announces to the sheriff with an abiuptness which actually startles that usually collected and calm offi- cial. " Mr. Cook, I have come, at the last moment, I am sorry to have to say, to give myself up for the shooting of Felix Chetwynde. I don't intend to maka my confesbion needlessly black, nor more sen- sational than must be. I wish you could make it appear that I have not confessed, but that you have discovered my secret, but-" , , " Look here Glynne-" " One moment, ploase ; let mo have it out, and make an end of it. It is true that I warned 'Loyd that the bridge was unsafe ! It is also true-though you may, not have known it-that I followed him " Oh-um !" The sheriff has fallen into an attitude of Intent listening, noting closely every shade upon the young man's face. " I followed him, and saw-saw what has been described to you, I believe, but as a thing to be held back from the public if possible. I mean-the scene between Chetwynde and-Hilton's sister." " Yes." "I saw this. I saw him take her away.' Hilton, I mean. You know oi this, too ?" The officer merely nods. What he is hearing seems, somehow, to be highly gratifying to him. " What you may know is! that I found a way to cross the ravine. 1 was boiling with rage ! I could have throttled the man with my two hands ! I could haye hurled him into the ravine-If I "had not had ' a weapon at hand. Mr. Cook, you and the doctor have marvelled at the direc- tion from which the fatal shot must have come. You could not reconcile it with such facts as you know. If you had turned your thoughts toward me-towards another direction, or, if you had investigated closely, you might have thought ol'-" " Stop ! Without more words, are you offering yourself as guilty in the place oí Loyd Hilton ?" " I am." " And-do you intend to make a full confession ?" " No ! My conscience does not urge me to that." " Yet you distinctly claim to be the man who shot Chetwynde ?" " That is what 1 claim! and I have won- dered, more than once, why your sus- picion has never been directed toward me." xThe sheriff turns and silently unlocks a drawer in the desk beside him. " Did it ever occur to you that I had turned the eye of suspicion towards you perhaps ?" '* You !" Glynne's start is unmistak- able, and, for a moment, his face is tell- < tale. Then he pulls himself together again. "After,all, he murmurs, "I don't know why it should surprise me !" " Nor 1." Tho sheriff suddenly takes from the desk drawer one of tuose small, oblong leather tool bags used hy the bicycle rider, and carried strapped upon his wheel. " Do you recognise that, Mr. Glynne ?" "That!" Terry catches at the thing and turns it over in his hand. " Why, it's my tool bag !" he exclaims, m unaffected surprise. "Here's my name upon it!" " When did you last see that little article ?" " Why, I missed-" Again he recovers himself. ' " Am I compelled' to answer ? 1 think not." ".You need not. 1 found your bicycle bag at the Heights, near a tref only a few paces from where the body was found." "Ah !" Terry catches his breath. " But that is not all, Mr. Glynne. Let me show you how well prepared I am for this visit. At.first I did look upon Hilton as the person most likely to have done the deed. But the downfall of the bridge set me to studying things up there very closely, and one day-I had already found the little hag-I discovered, close to the edge of the ravine, traces of what I at first thought to have been a struggle. But a few days later I chanced to kick a long pole out of my path, and then-to wonder how it came there. Taking it up in my hands', I dis- covered that one end had been sharpened, and that particles of dry earth still clung to it. Taking it to the place where I had found the footprints, I examined closely, and concluded that some one-an athlete he must have boen-had leaped the ravine by the aid of that pole." " You were very shrewd," said Glynne gravely. " I admit it ; I crossed by aid of the pole." " Next day," goes on the sheriff, I prowled a little further out and around the place near the bridge, and found that some hoards had been wrenched from the nearest fence. One could see little in the depths of that ravine, owing to its narrowness, and so I lowerod myself down with the rope ladder I captured from the Hervey burglars, and, under -the old bridge, just as they had been dropped, 1 found the missing fence boards. When, by inquiry, I found that the boards had been in place-the fence re- paired, in fact-just two days before the tragedy, you can1 guess at my conclusions. (Possibly you know something of that, too .'" " I know all about it. But, having con- fessed the deed, Mr. Cock, I will say no more-at least, not now." " As you please," The sheriff shuts the leather case away in his desk again, saying in a low, stern tone, and with his back turned to his visitor, " I keep this, of course. Do you know of amy reason why I should not put you under instant arrest ?" Again Glynno started, and this lime flushed hotly, and agaiu he restrained his tirât im- pulse. " If I had not been fully prepared for that possibility," ,he replies, " I snould not have coane to you." " Well-i dislike to do-!" the sheriff, who having turned back now faces the win- dow, stop3 short, " Glynne," ho says hastily, ."Mtrs. Hilton and her «laughter are naming up the steps. Do you wish to meet them ?" " Not if It can be avoided." " Then I must ask you ito step into that alcove behind the screen. There is a chair there. I will manage matters as I best can for all of us. I fancy they are only bring- ing me-a message " Theie is no time for hesitating, and re- luctant, doubtful, Glynne slips behind the ecrcen, land within tho same moment the ladies arc in the room. lAs they enter, the sheriff meets them, hat in hand. " You were going out ?" Mrs. ¡Hilton says regretfully. " Can you igivo us, give MÍ6S Hulton, just five minutes ?" ¡He bows, and before he has opened his lips Lorna is speaking. " Mr. Cook, any errand may ¡seem to you the weak, almost foolish whian of a fanciful girl, but I moist tell you ci something which has joist come fulHy-.to any mind." Without naming her brother, or Terence Glynne, she tells how, when aibout io faint in the wood, about to toll, in tact, she had 6een a face-or so fancied ; lor at flrst she doubted, thinking it imliight have been a .vision of her sick brain. She describes the "faco lookin.g down, and her memory of something darting swiftly downward, some- thing like a stick, or long weapon. She tells of her doubts and fears, anti Anally of her experience ol the previous day ; of her Tide to the Heights with Aunt Cass, and the sudden lappeairamce of a face looking out at her from the bushes ; ci her recognition of tit, and of tho vivid return -of her aneanony. She was sure now that she hod seen the face on the day oí Felix CheUwynde's death, sure that it was no vision, no fancy. " And how," asks the sheriff, " do you connect this face with the shooting of Mr. Chetwynde ?" " Hoiw ! I have known, always, from the very first moment, that Loyd was ¡innocent, and y^t some one shot Mr. Chetwynde ! May not this bo 'the guilty person ? Why- not ? The face, li know it now, looked down from the tree just overhead." " And-the something that fell ; do you know iwhnt that was ?" Again he turns to his desk, opening, this time, the long deep drawer Ibeneath the yvriting-leaf, takes out something wrapped albout with rolled paper, and stripping off this covering, holds It out ¡before her eyes, " Did it look like this ?" ¡For a moment Lorna starts as if fas- cinated, puts out her hand toward it, and then draws It back. " Yes '" she declares breathlessly, " yes ! it yvas like that, I aim sure. It was long, and dark, and tine silver ornaments shone as it fell. What is It ?" " It is a cane, and a somewhat odd one. Will you (laike it and show me how, In what way It fell-(whether straight down, as if purposely dropped, or over ano over, as if it had slipped from the hand " Loma itakeä the cane and holds it aloft. " It came straight down UKO this," she says, and lets the stick fall from her hand. It strikes the fioor with a queer little click- ing sound, and suddenly the sheriff pounces upon it, and has it in his hands, bending over it, and turning It this way and that. Then he holds it out for them to see. "I've broken it!" cries Lorna ; and, In- deed, it would seem so, for certain of the eilyer knob-like mountings and scroll shaped ornaments) seem loosened and dis- placed. Por a moment the sheriff continues to ex- amine the singular stick, then he looks up and smiles across at Lorna. " You have broken a web. Miss Hilton ! A web of circumstantial evidence strong enough to destroy your brother, but for this !" holding up the cane. " What is - It ?" they both ask breath- lessly. " It is a cunningly contrived air-gun ; the work of some French genius, I'll dare swear. It shoots without noise, and I be- lieve the hüllet taken from Felix Chet wynde'B head will be found to fit It." Then, seeing (Lorna's bewildered look, he exclaims, " Is it possible that you do not know that this weapon, for it is a weapon, was found close beside the dead man ?" " There is much that she did not hear," interposes Mrs. Hilton, " because of her ill- ness, and- tjie doctor's orders."" The sheriff turns to Lorna. " Miss Hilton," he says, with grave kind- ness, " I wish this thing might have hap- pened earlier, or that your friends had recognised the courage which I feel sure is) in you. For I honestly believe that if there had heen perfect frankness between us, We should have been spared the com- plications which have followed the death of young Chetwynde. As it is, I have had to work out the cago by myself, and if the finger of suspicion has pointed to your brother-" " My brother is innocent !" " I hope we may prove it so. Of one thing I am sure-he would have been the first to come to me and tell his story, but for the fear of its effect upon you Your friends hoped to spare you all knowledge of the truth. It was for your sake, too, that Miss Hope Chetwynde refrained, at first until I already knew the main facts, in- deed-from telling me what she might have told. And last, Mr. Terence Glynne has held his tongue, also for your sake, until your brother's name became mixed in the public mind, at least, with this wretched affair, and he, too, has chosen to sacrifice himself on the altar of friendship." Lorna's face flushes, her eyes droop, and her Up tremble* " I won't stop now to describe the manner In which this rumour started. It did not begin with% Miss Chetwynde, nor with my- self, for wè both are your friends ; but Mr. Terence Glynne has firoveet himself tho stanohest friend of all." ?" How ?" Lorna's voice is the merest whisper. " By attempting to shift from your brother's shoulders to his own the burden ot accusation. By denouncing himself in- stead." " Oh !'' cried Lorna, " why did he do it ?" and she covers her face with her hands, while Mrs. 'Hilton, hitherto so silent asks slowly, graVely : " Cid he say he did it ?" " Not in so many words," and the sheriff smiles " Do you believe he did it ?" " Not the least In the world ! If he had, he would never have let your brother figure for a moment as a suspected man. Ladies, I must ask you to defer further discussion for a little time. And now, how is your waif, your captured ghost ?" " m a most critical condition," replies Mrs. Hilton, " but conscious this morning." " Have you learned who she is ?" " No ; Miss Cassandra Chetwynde is with her constantly, and we," with a meaning glance toward Lorna, " have been shut out hy her stern command " "Which is'just what I must do for you. I am due at the villa this morning on busi- ness of importance, ladies, and if you will allow me to bid you adlou for a short time, I think I can promise you some news before night." When the ladies had withdrawn, Terence Glynne came from behind the screen, a look of reproach upon his face. " Mr. Cook, how could you ?" " Mr. Glynne, how could you try to impose upon an old bird, like myself, with such a chaffy story ? Why, you can't even lie, much more commit a murder. Yon may have felt like shooting Chetwynde ; we all do mental murder at some time or other, i But you never did it, otherwise, though. I'll 1 " A confess, that when. I found your little tool bag I did feel, for a moment, that you were worth watching, but I think I know now how the bag carno where it was found ; but that's another story, as they say. And now I am going to turn you put. Seriously, though, Glynne, 'twas a plucky thing for you to do, especially as I happen to know that you were on the ground. And when I consider your height and muscio aa com- pared with Hilton's agility, I Incline to the belief that it was you who toole that flying leap across the ravine." " Wo will waive that question, Mr. Cook. I see you are well informed. But tell mo, why must you tell those ladies that I had made an attempt at high theatricals, and failed through my lack of wit, as I now seo that I did." , " Then you admit that you didn't shoot ?" " Sometimes I wish to heaven I had ! I only lacked the weapon." " Well, honestly, I couldn't resist. I wanted that dainty lass to know what a brave man will do for-a friend. And it was a brave thing, Glynne, for I have at hand now enough circumstantial evidence against you to make your case a close call should it ever have como to court. It is this," and he layB a hand upon the air gun, " which may, and ¡will, I hope, set Loyd Hilton and yourself boyond all danger or doubt. And now I must bo off ! Look here, Glynne, you aro one of tie interested ; you may be able to elucidate some point for us». 1 want you to ask no questions, but go, say, in an hour from now, to Redlands. Go to see Loyd, and stick to him until you seo me or are erdored off. Tu is is business on the square ! I want you there-I may need you ; will you go ?" " If you put It that way, Mr. Cook, I can't refuse, of course," and Terence Glynne bows himself out with a very grave face. " Gad !" mutters the sheriff, as ho pre- I pares for the third time to set out, '" I am going forth to light an unknown quan- tity, and my success, I fear, must depend upon-'Aunt Cass." (To be continued.) 