The Biggest Tumble on Record. On July 11, 1861, a large party of tourists was aestmblei on t e top of the Col de Miage, with the object of disooverit-g whether an ascent of Mont BUnc could be made from this direction. Whilst the rest were stopping for breakfast, one of the party, Mr Birkbeok, west aside, and the others did not at first remark his absence. When it wes noticed, his trick was followed, and it was found that he had fal'en down precipitous slopes of snow and ice, and was descried, nearly half s mile sway, at the foot of the slopes at the head of the Frenoh Glacier de Miage. His friends went to his assistance as quickly as possible, but nearly two and a half hours elapsed before they could reach him. Between the place where Mr Birkbeck commenced to slide or fall, and the place where he stopped, there wes a difference of level of about l,700!t? The slope was gentle where he firs' lost his footing, and he tried to stop himself with his fingers and nail?, but toe snow was too hard. ' Sometimes he descended feet first, then he w?nt sideways, and once or twioeheh'd tie sets it ion of shotting through the air.' He came to a stop at the edge of a large crevasse. When reached it ira? found that be was almost ba f skinned by abrssloa and friotion, * By bis passage over the snow the skin W9S removed from the outside of the legs and tLigha, the knses, the whole of the lower perl of the back and part of the rib , together with slice frcm the ncse aad 9 forehead. He had not lost much blood, but be presented a mcst ghastly spectacle of bloody raw flesh. He was transported to St Ge vais, andr£makei there in a critical condition for some weeks, but ultimately recovered better han might have bean expeoted.'— ' Chamonix,' by B. Whymper, Speakbg at a welcome home to the returned soldiers on Saturday night, the Qicens'ane? Premier s*a's£ that when the war vaa cvt r and all the men hsd returned, eiib>rtt3 focc iona wonld be arranged in thsir honor, in which be hoped all Queensland would join. Has anybody any idoa cf the money that has been sunk in.private enterprises for the Paris exhibition ? Certified capital rues t? iuat on £2,500,000, and tbis does nDt include a dezea or more inetascrs of private enterprise. The rollisg platform got its money cn the assumption that 40 per cent of the visitors wjuld use it. Their shares are far from par today. Grand Roue shares are to ba bad for a song ; the Hippodrome is not a financial success ; Columbia is closed; the exhibition of ' Pans in 1400' has yielded up the ghost, and in various directions 51 bankruptcies have been deoTa ed. Never in the world's history of exhibitions has there been such a magnificent show; but for some reason r another it will not boom. 