GHOSTS! Practical joking of an almost criminal character seems to be rather prevalent in the country districts. For a week or so reports have been current of people at Mount Gamfoier having been frightened by someone dressed up in a white sheet play ing tile ghost. The £pook hag appeared mostiy to women and children. So far no complaints against his ghostship iave been officially mode to the police, but baring] heard £he doings of the ghost discussed in a good many quarters, M.C. Pearee made a reconnoitring expedition: on a. night last week. Along highways and byways he went, but no ghost did lie see. It ia re ported that tie ghost was seen somewhere in tile west and of die town on tie game night tlat M.C. Pearce made 'his tour. 3R.C. Pearce was armed, and was prepared to; deal summarily with his ghostship. The foot constables, says the ?'Border Watch," are itching to get within fighting distance of the loodlum. WKle on the subject of ghosts, the came paper records the follow ing incident, which borders on the myste rious:—"The report of a revolver or a gun baing fired in the premises at the rear of Mr. JtacAriimr's (butcher's shop or Mrs. Cornelius's Temperance Hotel awoke the residents living in- thai neighborhood, and caused some excrtemattk, about 12 o'clock on Thursday night. Constables Pascoe and BeHey, -who -were on duty at tbat iicmr, were quickly on the scene, but nothing could be found to account for "fSie shot." Hhe Port Pirie "Recorder" contains this paragraph:—Eeporte hare been freely cir culated of late to <the effect that some in dividual, disguised by means of a dark mantle, has been causing a. scare among the more susceptible residents ot Port Pirie West and the island. Vague rumors have been afloat as to tie identity of the mysterious individual, but it does sot seem fhat anyone ias up to now bad a personal enconater with €he "ghost." We have heard of timid women' and children be ing frightened by ike strange apparition. If a practical joker is at work it may pos sibly rotereet *?"" or *er to inOTT that there is a cage locally prepared for noctur nal 'Tarks." . 