CHAPTER V. AiUATlSUi; TUI”: ATR1C AJjS JLhe ball winch followed close uu tlie heels of the dramatic entertainment was at its height. From the hulf cir cular gallery above the gay throng, it seemed t-hut the play had just begun. Those who had taken part in the miiuie scenes heretofore were merged into the picture, and added tono and colour to it. An old dock of antique model, standing abovo the balustraded stair way, chimed an hour after midnight as Colonel do Boat passed onward with measured tread to the suite of rooms beyond assigned to his use. Ho had npt changed one jot of his costumo ns Sir Giles Overreach, except the heavy wig. He entered his room, took a wet sponge, and carefully removed all traces of the dark lines which had been streaked upon liis faoe by the cos tumiers, who had given to it the hard, stern aspect of the greedy, money grun ting hero of the Massinger’s drama. This accomplished to his satisfaction, the colonel stood beforo tho huge mir ror, and complacently stroked his large moustache. reflectively for some con siderable time. At the further end of the apartment there was ail old weather-beaten trunk standing on a chair. Torn portions of many labels of divers colours still adhered to it, prov ing that it had been a great traveller in its day. Whatever might have been tho subject of Colonel do RoaPs cogita tions, they evidently had some connects ing link with the valise, for his think ing lit ended; he produced a key, un locked the receptacle, and took there from some documents, together with part of an old newspaper. These he thrust into his .doublet. As ho was about to close the trunk a soeo.id thought seemed to occur to him for he plunged his hand amongst its miscel laneous contents, and drew forth a small revolver. “Gaston de Roa-1, you have existed in this beautiful world till you are old and grey, but your trust in human ua ture has not been improved by time ‘mon ami.5 ‘Trust no one/ is a good maxim. The greatest military genius of' any time trusted his friend Brutus, and Brutus murdered Gsesar. Humph! rest there, my friend, till wanted,” he con tinued, in a smothered tone. “When one has to play with a -skilled gamester, it is well to have more than one trump card to hand.” 1 With the same measured, soldierly c w^uc , appeared part and parcel ke mau3 ho went out along the ndor, smiling and bowing with courtly grace to many who had taken possession ot the grand staircase to kiss and flirt and ascending a small flight of stairs branching therefrom, entered a cham ber situated almost at the apex end of the building. The apartment was a sort of retreat or smoking room used by Hil ton' Fembrook, ana on that account was held strictly private from all in trusion by that gentleman’s guests. Nevertheless, the colonel inarched in without ceremony. Hilton Fernbroak was seated conning n rough chart spread out on a table before him, while Timothy Sharpe, his maw, introduced in the first chapter of this history as the Ferret, stood by, ready equipped, as if for a long journey. The latter personage was evidently disturbed at sight of the intruder, - but Fembrook rose quietly, and bade his visitor welcome. “We will defer your departure, Sharpe, until the morning,”-he said, folding up the map,- and placing it in an iron box, which lie locked. “Now g°;’’ “Pray, don’t let me disturb you, my dear Fembrook,” began the colonel. “Be seated, sir. The business is cf little importance,” rejoined Hilton. Tho Ferret bowed and retired, but > not- through the door whiob de Roal ] liad entered. He drew aside a thick | curtain which divided the room from n I deep recess, filled with useless _ guns, f fishing tackle, etc., and made his exit through a low doorway behind it. The master of Fernbrook and liis visi tor sat in Bilence for several minutes after the departure of the Ferret. "My son, I feel inquisitive touight, said the colonel, in nis blandest tone, after a long pause. "I’m afraid I have annoyed you by coming here unexpec tedly.” , _ , . “Not at all. Colonel de Roai is quite at liberty to go where he pleases hero at Fernbrook. But what aro your de sires?” "What is behind that screen.'' “Nothing but old lumber accumulated, tho Lord knows when or how.” “And tho doorway there is in the rc cess?” . “Leads to a passage opening to the stables below, that’s nil.” “Humph! This is but a poor, unat tractive apartivc, ‘moil clier,’ with so many at your command, and very much superior in the way of embellishments.” Hilton Fernbrook turned, and looked full in the face of his companion. “This room suits me,” he responded, slowly. “Here I am secure from intru sion. Come, _ sir,” he added, more quickly, “you have not sought me iu my den to ask silly questions at two o’clock in the morning?” “No, my son, certainly not. By the bye, are you certain that wc are free from intrusion?” “As free as if wc were out yonder on the ocean.” . , . “Goodl” cried the colonel, in uis usual smooth voice. “After all, I have not come to tell of ghosts and goblins, and of murders done at midnight. Neither have I any secrets of church or state to unfold ut this witching hour. My dear boy, my sole erraud is to show you a paragraph in uu old newspaper, which may possibly interest you.” , . “Thank you. What newspaper is it ? •• The ‘Sydney Morning Herald,’ bear ing date March 13th, 18—’’replied the colonel. "Twelve months ago?” “Exactly.” __ "The news is certainly stale.” "But perhaps none the loss interest ing for all that. Some kind of informa tion, like old wine, is all tho better for being old. Shall I read the para graph?” “Do so.” Do Roal drew his chair nearer to the table, on which stood a small porlumed lamp. Placing his gold eye-glass with duo care and nicety, he pulled forth tho paper from his doublet, and began to read. Hilton Fernbrook looked ut his com panion with a smile, but it was tho cold, habitual smile of the practical man of the world. Abovo it the eyes gleamed with a sinister expression of dislike, and the brow frowned over the eyes like an overhanging thunder cloud. * “It is now ascertained beyond a doubt that the burning wreck seen by the -ship ‘Durham Castle,’ on voyage to New Zealand was 110110 other thuu the schooner Seagull, which disappeared so mysteriously from this port some months ago. It will bo remembered that tho captain of the Seagull engaged a crew of six men for a voyage to Tonga, Fiji Islands. On the way the crew mutinied, aud put tho skipper ashore ou a small island within a day’s sail of Hauti, and there left him to ins fate. By a pure chance Captain Bowls was discovered and taken on hoard ‘•be s.s. Stormbird a mouth afterwards, and brought on to Sydney more dead than alive, after terrible suffering.” The reader paused, and, looking at his companion, said, "My son, what do you think of it?” Hilton Fernbrook shrugged his broad shouldors. “Think of what, colonel? What in terest can I have in tho doings of such wretches?” “Merely for study, dear boy. 1 know you arc fond of describing tho motive powers which move tho criminal class, Hear this. ‘It is known that one of the mutinous crow engaged by Captain Bowls, of tho Seagull, was beyond doubt ■ a noted criminal named Victor Mau prat, an csoapeo from Portland prison, England.’ “Rumour bath it that this convict is well educated and of good birth, his father being no less a personage than M. Auguste de Mauprat-, consul at Port Royal, and his mother Berth Piorpoiut, ■ ’» Creole of good family in Jamaica, West Indies. He wns sentenced to seven years’ penal sorvitudo for killing a British officer im some gambling brawl, and lias so far managed to elude ro- cap turc. It is also believed that another of the crew was formerly Mauprat’s man or valet, and who, under tho nom de plume of the ‘Ferret-’ was known to tho continental police as the most brilliant card-sharper of tho day. Description of the escapees: — “ Mauprat, aged about twenty-seven, tall and- gentlemanly; carriage, mili tary ; complexion, very dark, but clear: head; long; hair, black-aud curly ; fore head, high; black piercing, eyes, welt cut nose and mouth; frame, strongly built; hands and feet small. Mauprat has a peculiar gaol mark upou ms shoulder, which should easily load to tho detection of this dangerous eriini "Does this picture remind you of any one you aro acquainted with, mv dear Fernbrook?” asks the colonel, taking his glass from liis eye. “Why “should it, Colonel do lloal?” “Oblige me-by looking in yonder mir ror while I re-read this description of the escaped convict, Victor Mauprat,” says the colonel, blandly. “Pshaw J My dear sir,” cried the young man, with a sharp laugh, “your jesting is ill-timed. Amuso youraelf at my expense, if it so pleases you, -but pray, select a moro fitting model for my likeness.” The colonel fixed his glass, and looked at him, with a cold stare-of sur prise, which had in it a subtle touch of satanio humour. “Don’t be offended, boy. You aro not ill a jesting-vein to-night,” he says, at the same time smoothing out tho news paper on the table. "If the points iu the photograph of our friend Mauprat do not interest you, I will pass on to those of the ‘Ferret.’ It roads: — “ ‘Joseph Hawke, alias the Ferret, with a score of other aliases too numer ous to mention. Height, five feet five inches aud a quarter; fresh complexion, sandy hair, small, grey eyes, prominent uoso inclining towards his left cheek, long scar on upper lip; frame, thin and wiry; walks with a slight limp.’ ‘Now, my sou. if I belonged to the police force, I should certainly be of opinion that this description of the Fer ret is most singularly like the person age who just now left this .apartment, hot mowing as I do, my dear Fernbrook, that any connection whatever between a felon and your respectable man-ser vant-, no matter how startling the de scriptive likeness may he, i* an utter absurdity. I therefore crave your par dont” Hilton Fernbrook laughs out that strange laugh again as he rises, to light a fresh cigar. He is fond of smoking. It helps linn to think while tho colonel talks aud reads,, and goes on with l>;s seemingly senseless farce of similitudes. De Roal watches him as he whiffs the fragrant weed into small'clouds of blue vapour—watches him with a smile on that smooth, unfathomable face of his, whereon there is a look bordering on admiration. “You have'been very dull, ‘mon cher,’ in spite of the riot going on about Von,” quoth the colonel); presently. “I saw you were, and I prepared the mystery of Mauprat and the ferret to rouse you up a bit. My poor plot has failed. My labour lias been in vain. You are not interested one jot.” “Nay, you wrong me, Colonel. I am filled with gratitude at your kind c> dcavour to amuse me,” responded the other, quietly. “I confess tho descrip tion of your convict, what’s his name, n'importc, bears a strong resemblance to my poor self, only the picture drawn is somewhat flattering. Were the ras cals captured, Colonel de Roal?” “Captured! No. Men like this Vic- 1 tor Mauprat arc not defeated on the lines laid down in tho cases of ordinary criminals.” “Flattering again.” “Nay, my son. What chimerical at traction can there possibly ho between a vile prison breaker and the rich and well-born lieir of Ferubrook? The mere supposition has tho stamp of insanity upon it. Fic! Now, here is part of another copy of the same journal of later date, wherein wo have the de nouement of the drama. I picked this up on board the steamer Medway, on my voyage from Sydney to New Zea land, and preserved it, because it con tained an account of a terrible catas trophe at sea—tho burning of a ship, and the loss of all the crew.” “I am dull at riddles, my dear colonel.” “This is not a riddle. Mauprat, the convict, and his companions perished Ly lire on board the ‘Soagull’ schooner, burnt at sea on December 10th, eight months after their escapo from Norfolk . “Then A7ictor Mauprat is dead?’’ ex claimed Hilton Fernbrook, rising from his seat, and confronting the colonel. “Aye! dead!” echoed the other, ris ing also, and setting himself face to face with his companion. “Will you read liow this clever scoundrel evaded his pursuers, how ho reached New South Wales, obtained money, and by an able scheme chartered the ship, which ho destroyed at sea, so that every vestige of his crimes might remain lor ever locked in tho dark womb of oblivion. Will you read?” “No,” cried the other, with solemn voice. “Enough that retribution lias t fallen. Out of the subtle working of hiy mind the dead shadow bus departed. From henceforth Victor Mauprut dead. Doad! Colonel de Roal; <io you hear? The affinity between us twain is rent asunder. And now, the dread, and likeness, aye, the very double of Hilton Fernbrook, being fled, well—mighty potent, stern, unflinching will—shall as sert- itself.” As ha spoke there uauio into Ids hand some l’aco a look which made it almost hideous. From red to white, ami from white to a dull, ashy paleness, and to a yet deeper tinge, rarely seen on the human countenance, the changes went and came in rapid succession over the colonel's'vis-a-vis. No tarnishing jungle tiger ever had eyes more tierce aud glaring than this man had. The deadly cobru, reared oh end to strike its vic tim, was not more deadly in its attrac tion was not more certain in its power of fascination. And- there they stood, those two mou, master and pupil, both strong in the gift of mesmeric power, and in the influeuco of will. The colonel noted tho change in his companion, a ml smiled. He felt the fearless eyes lix themselves, as it were, upon his own, in a wordless, bloodless duel of strength between them. Heretofore the pupil bad been docile and obedient; now it was a test for the jnastcry. Face to face within a step of each other, they stand, their eyes fixed and steadfast, but sparkling and gliuting rays like lire. For a time it seems as if the older man is going to win. He is confident, smil ing, while his opponent is frowning and savage almost to ferocity. In less time than it takes to pen these lines, the smile bus faded from Colonel do Roal’s lace. He begins to feci a stronger power than lis own gathering slowly, but surely, round his inclinations, his resolves like v band of steel. As a mesmerist, ho lias been all powerful, unconquerable. Ho feels he is being subdued now, in spito of his knowledge, in spite or all be can do. With teeth shut hard, and breath quickened, liko some spent swimmer, a thought conies to him. Jle moves his hand in search of the revol ver hid away in his doublet. Without the faintest shadow of turn ing from that terrible fixed look set straight into the expanded orbs of his ulversary, Hilton Fernbrook notes tho novemeiit, and guesses its purport. Ere the Colonel can raise his hand, the jther, swift as thought-, seizes it, and thrusts something into the palm, if a sudden sword thrust had entered the rote rail’s body, the shock could not have produced a more striking change in bis whole manner. He reeled back ward, juid tho perspiration begins to gather on his face under the agony. Struggle as gamely ns lie may, he can not reach the pistol. There is murder in his desires, aud at liis heart, jut the will to act is going from him. He feels it going, swallowed up by the ter rible creature before him, whose dread Ful eye hold liis every faculty in bon i few moments more, and the stroug od mesmerist is beaten by his own ipons. With pallid face, closed eyes. nerveless hands clenched, Colonel Roal fulls to the floor, a senseless, inert muss. Hilton Ferubrook draws a long breath, which -is half a.groan in its in tensity. For a moment ho stands over ixis fallen antagonist, then raises-aim, ind places him in a chair, unlaces the doublet to give him air, and wipes the poor face with his haudkercliiof. “The cub has grown stronger than the old lion,” ho muttered, pouring out i largo goblet of strong wine, which he jmptieil at a draught. “Tins mystory if Victor Mauprat, the convict, was but i shallow pretext to work his will on me. Fool! Am not I his pupil? Yet iny master no longer. Conla he not bave reasoned better thau to hold me so weak. I, whom ho has schooled into i semblance of himself. Humph!! What impels are these, colonel, oh, ‘moil uni?’-—two letters and a photograph. Why, how is this? These missives are written by one, who signs himself Hil ton Fernbrook. I never wrote those jpistles, and am not- I Hilton I’erii irook. This portrait is the semblance, iay, a. faithful semblance of my very self even to tho most minute particu lar; but- who sat for it? Not I, I do bero most solemnly swear. How aow, old mate?” he cried.; turning to the silent form beforo him. Whose letters and pictures are these? Speak, if thou canst.” . . There was a slight quivering ol the uolonel’s body, but that was all the an swer given. ‘‘Pere do Roal, I command thee, tell me whose portrait is this I hold in my bandP” cried the speaker again, at the same time making several rapid passes icross tho sleeper’s face. “Look at the back of the photograph, [t is written there,” muttered the other in a low tone. Hilton Fernbrook held tho card to wards the light. “Victor Mauprat!” echoed the sleeper, faintly. “He is dead, Pere.” : “Aye, dead,” again murmured the pallid lips. By the grey dawn the. young master of Fernbrook made his way through the gay dancers to a building adjoining the stables, wbero bis man, Sharpe, ws-.a studying Grant’s “Maori Made Easy.”, "Up and saddle the Cardinal,” lie said, in a husky tone; “you must reach Pukeliini to-morrow night. There yon will find Hoti, Tewarti, and young Kewarti, the Maori chieftains. Give them tlieso papers and bring me their answer. Quick, away!” “Wliat if I am beset on the road?” asked Sharpe, looking steadily at h:s master. “Idiot! You have a revolver. Now, begone.” (To be continued.) 