CINDERELLA'S LETTER BAG. THE T.TT.TPTTTT \X OPERA COM PANY. He opera tbe company played on Monday was 'Les Cloches de Come ville' or 'He Bells of Normandy.' It was a great success. He children were nicely trained, and each one played his or her part very well. The Baillie and his clerk, Gobo, were of chief interest to most of the audience with tbeir funny sayings and doings. Gobo was a very thin man, while tbe Baillie was just tbe opposite. Hey were on almost all tbe time. He part of Grenecheux, a fisher lad, was beautifully played. Germaine waa o- h sim auu iiiiu j iuu uju jiLarquis wiiu had saved ber life. Her uncle was Gas paid tbe Miser. Serpolette was a very good charac ter, and liked showing herself off when Bhe had tbe fine dress on in tbe last scene. She bad been found by tbe miser, Gaspard, and be bad brought ber up. He Marquis de Corneville was was played by a girl who was a very good singer, and tbe looked very like a man when she was dressed for ber part. Gaspard was a miser. He was a little old man and thin, and was tbe ghost tbat was supposed to haunt die Chateau de Corneville. He scenery was very good, and well painted. He musio was pretty. He children did as well as many adults would do. Hey had not a good house ,but tbey bad a better one on Tuesday night. He opera played on Tuesday was H. M. S. Pinafore. He chief characters in this mere: — Sir (Joseph Porte^, First Lord of the Admiralty; Captain Cor coran, captain of tbe Hnafore; Ralph Racks traw, a sailor; Dick Deadeye, the bo's'n; Josephine, tbe oaptain's daugh ter; Little Buttercup, a bumboat wo man. Sir Joseph was dressed in a long blue coat, silk pants, and silk waistcoat He looked very nioe, and played hiB part, which .was a hard part, very well. Cap tain Corcoran wanted bis daughetr to many tbe Admiral, but she loved a sail or, and in the end she married him, for he turned out to be tbe real captain. Captain Corcoran was a cruel man with his sailors. Ralph Rackstraw was the Bailor that Josephine loved. Dick Dead eye was the most comical character there He bad only one eye and bad crooked knees, and was thought to be mad Jos ephine was .the captain's daughter, tbe one that tbe Admiral wanted to marry. She played her part extremeCy well. Buttercup was the woman who mixed the babies up so that Corcoran became tho captain, and Ralph Rackstraw, who should have been tbe captain, a common sailor. She sang 'Dear Little Butter cup,' and did it very well. Lizzie Mel ville sang 'He British Navy.' Arthur Smith sang 'Motherland,' and it was very good. HORACE TAYLER (aged 13). «... North Wagga, Ootober, 10, 1900. Dear Cinderella,— I am very pleased with tbe 'Children's Journal,' and glad to see you take so muoh pleasure' in your members. I like the stories very much that you print. You have a great many names on the list. I have a pet maggie at home, and we call it 'Scraps.' £ go to school at North Wagga, and there are about forty present on an average every day. I will now dose my Utter, wishing 'Oar Journal' every cuooew. I remain, Youret truly, ERNEST MGRAffl. ' North Wagga, (Aged VI years). ? * ? » (Aged 13 years) Junction Inn, Methul, via CooHamon. 'He Hospital,' Wagga Wagga, Ootober IStb, 1900. Dear Cinderella,— I am instructed by the Committee to acknowledge receipt of donation af£l lis lid to funds of Hos pital, bemg tbe proceeds of a special per formance of tbe Royal . Juvenile Circus, Wagga, Kindly oonvey to tho juvenile performers tbe hearty thanks- of the Committee for {be donation sudinterest taken in tbe welfare, pf this institution. Youra faithfully, ? O. LUPfOV, Secretary. . » ? « Blink Bonnie, . . . ? October 18th, 1900. Dear CSndswUa,— I tbiidrit ma very kind of you to start * jomil in the iOooUafioh,' and' iny ;i|cranA^' : -9ool^dn-tbb]iui(iiii« tovrtatraijr and*, who bat jot oome from Sydney. I bad ? nioe game of lawn' tennis to^y attbe Jmntion Inn. 'Ctar schoolteacher Aa* Cone to Melbourne witb a ye^r ?ndour school W31'be rihflt for anontb. We playjactetones at acMol,*an3:Maie times prisoner's base. HOTe arfetjily 11. going to it. We bare to. dnre io- lt.' D ear Cinderella, I have no tkne to wpte ?on Wednesdays, eo I ithougjbt 'l!IW^uld taike Saturday nights. Here'is going to bo a oonoert and teameetaatf^^, the Methul Hall on the &th; Novombfe-,' I will write and tell you all about it ^f I go. Good night ,near Cinderella^ JVom your loring friend, AGNES DUNN . ? 