NOTES AND COMMENTS. Mni O'Sollivan tolls us that ho knows the groator numbor of tho country municipalities to bo on tho verge of bankruptcy. Next your tho Bowrtil munci pal government subsidy lapses anil, What then shall', wo do ? Tho right and proper thing is to plaoe ro lianco on the Minister who is so fcriilo in promises-, and performances. Our roads wear out. Lot. us, iben, ask for n good round sum for their renowal, ospoeiallv since eight vehioles out of ten that woar tliein out come into tho town from tho country, and whoso owners pay ro'ling- towards, tho municipali rates. * * .J: . : Thr Lamentation and Woo of Uio Prophet " Angli-'. eanus" in tho Daily Telegraph/on tho shortcomings-, of tho English Church lend rotbor to neutralise tho conclusion the writer wishes to arrive at, by reason of the extravagant tono adopted.. Tho Oliurcli. of England is practically the dumping ground of tho church world, for whilo every deno-. miimtion sifts out all its.wheat for its own garners,, it sends its chaff into tho Anglican barn.- If the nominal membership of tho Church of England con-, tains tho sweepings of all the other bodies, (iguros always made to provo anything you. like-will showr that tho porcentugo of ollioioncy is pessimistically . small; On tho other hand if the really nctivo mom-, bcrship bo takon as a basU of calculation, there will' bo found no reason for tho wild nonsenso of Angli camis. Inn few days' time the 'sorrows of tbo prophet of woe will be clean forgotten, for has not the Boor war rapidly lapsed into- practical oblivion before tho Chinese crisis 1 Surely Anglicanus hasn't; a ghost of a chance against the heathen Chinee. *.!.* Mn. Jotre Ei.MOTT'b brilliant contributions to the literature of the School of Arts trouble renders A.N. V.' a trillo more confused than us ial in doing oil sorts; of things in a topsy- turvy sort of way. Instead of; biu liing one's hair A,N.V., after reading Mr., .Elliott's lucid logic, bnisbef his boots, and when ho. sets out for Itoliertson'lio finds himself' on . tho . straight rnnd to tho Wonibnynti Cavos via Mitta-" (long.: This wonderful gift of Kneli'l logic should ' be most jealously guarded by our little neighbour, I and Mr. Klliott ought not to hi onoourai'nd-,t 1 wasto t his shillings on weekly membership of our Schools of Arts. Perhaps tho Committee may, in gnuitudo deoire to make him an hnntirary lifo member and., have his permanent intevp.rt . ? # .. . .# - THE Roman Catholic authorities are-upending somo £3000.in the enlargement of their denominational ..ehools in- Mos-< Vale and Mittugmigr They find that tho Slate'schools do not satisfy all. that notro parents require; while somo local support is"acnorded, whTeh if it be carried too.far tends to weaken the status and proficiency of the"Itnhlij Schools, lint tho chief attraction of Convent sohools. in-this die-. trict is, no doubt, the healthy climate. Cannot somo steps bo taken in floivral to initiate the found-. ing of a high-class joint stock school, with imposing; premises, choice surroundings and conducted on tho. lines of a great English Public Sohool ?. Ir the bandying of words and" the- strife of' party?, politics sicken the generality of readers of tho > daily papers, yet the press has unusual opportunities. of doing some good. The Patriotic Fund; nnd tho~ Bushmen's Fund aro instances of how tho nows papers can excite wido-spread public interest and gather in tho contributions of tho people. So ifi;itr. also with the collection for thu Iudian Famine.. Belief Fund initiated by tho Daily Telegraph. Far and wide a knowledge of the horrors of that awful visitation have been spread till tho sympathies^ of tho colony have been aroused, with the ploasinc result that the funds keep pouringin, and each pom y.r contributed represents a sufficiency to keep a family in food for one day. Tho famine may indeed bo terrible, but it lends itself to teach tho Brotherhood of Man, and that bonds of loving sympathy bind the. world. # * * ? WEire tlwmyriads of Mongolians to bo drilled and; armed up-to-date, all the armies of Europe would quail before so mighty an avalancb of men. Per-, haps it is that, foreseeing tho possibilities of tho" future, Russia with eager hasto is pushing on her railways and sending forward her troops, in the surp and certain hope of China falling swiftly into hi:r bands. Twenty millions of Moslems in the course of the Mohammedan overflow ten centuries ago pre-, cipitated themselves against Western civilization, and Europe trembled exceedingly, but the top of tho. tide swept up to the gates of Vienna and has veceii-. ed daily since then till now. the sick man (Turkey) is very sick indeed. Chino could send forth in a few generations 200,000,000 of men and deluge llie known woi;ld with blood. Is it not a providential, ocoorrenca that for centuries past tho Mongol Colossus has been sleeping fast bound in the chains, of ancestral worship and the most abject tradition ?. *,* Tub full force of the Chinese tornado has evidently spent itself, yet still a hard galo blows. It doubtless, arose from intrigue; whether the wilful Empress played with fire, or the cunning Prince Tuang thonght to seize the reins of power, who can say ? However there wero present all tho elements of revolution-a corrupt administration, extortionate, tax-galfacrs; and a povcrty-stricken multitude, jvol-, ooming death as the lesser misery of their existence. Most revolutions proceed from empty stomachs, and the Chinese havo endured much from hunger. It: ' may be after all that whereas a few thousands of ': the mob may have perished from bullets, but what, . of that to the 300,000,000 that remain ? The solu tion of the Chinese problem is rapidly approaching,-, and its dimensions aro truly appalling. A.N. V.. 