JOAN'S INEXPERIENCE. VERA VON RiASC, IN M.A.P. "Ruth, Ruth,. it's very important, I n you--" from the further side of lmY ddor., ? '---I had'resblved to devote the morning to study, but, mother being on the Con tinent, Ifelt a "certan responsibility for my beantifuil younger'sister. 'The " very importanit" decided iue. " What is'it P' I asked. as-she entered the room: S" You'till never guess. Lord Avonmouth ha] .propoped." " But you haven't accepted him ?" I asked,, fearful that inexperienced Joan should trust her life to the man with the worst reputation in the counitry. " Why not ?" f'You. don't know anything about him." "Don't I? He's the most charming man' I ever met, and I certainly said .yes.' " '"What will mother say?" I asked, as Joan, not at all discomfittqd at my cool reception of her news, left my room, 'humming the refrain of 'a song. Pe-plexed with the, situation that had suddenly arisen, I went downstairs to find our old friend 'and neighbour lack Villiers of whose presence the exigencies of' the diplomatic service, to which he belonged, would soon deprive us. I told him of my trouble, and ended by asking 'his advice. Ten minutes later he said: "This- is my idea. Joan is very im pressionable. i I have an old friend in town who has a rare knack' of fascina ting girls; I'll get him down for a week's shoot. If he devotes his time to Joan it may destroy. her inclination for Avon mouth." SThe plan seemed-feasible, andI prayed that Joan's 'affections would be drawn from their objectionable object. Two days later I received a cote from Jack sayiiig that his friend had. accepted the invitatioh and was coming that day. When' I descended about luncheon time, Ja2ik and his 'friendi were the only occupants of the drawing-room. .. "Let me introduce youn to my old friend, Claud Blackwood," said Jack. I gaves my hand 'mechanically. &?y thoughts' :were concerned with Joan's' future. Later, I noticed that he had fine eves, and there was plenty of him, but all the same .I was disappointed. Perhaps I expected two much. Very soon Lord Avonmouth and Joan strolled in from the garden, and, after the 'usual' commonplaces, we went into luncheon. Before half an hour had passed, I discovered that Captain Black wood fascinated me, :and to such an extent that I almost forgot my fears with regard to Joan. She, too, seemed interested. Her -white- -muslin dress, decorated with a red rose at her waist, showed off to advanitage her rich young beauty. After lunch, while Joan and I waited for the: men' in the rosegarden, I was strangely silent. I had only thoughts for. Jack's friend. When the men had.been with us some few minutes, Jack mancsuvred so that Captain Blackwood and Joan strolled off to inspect some'ruins 'at the further end of the park. "Well'contrived,"' whispered Jack as they disappeared from our sight. ' Well contrived!" I echoed absently. The next morning we assembled for a. ride previously arranged. Jack again managed that 'Captain Blackwood ac companied Joan. Thoughl the knowledge that he left my side reluctantly. gave. me intense secret pleasure, I found myself surrendering to a desire for isolation; 'and -soon I was alone with the softly whispering trees. Their sadness had never seemed so attuned to my mood before, Horse's hoofs, a' beating of my heart, and Jack's friend drew rein beside me. The whispering of the trees was so beautiful, I wondered I had not noticed it before. He did not speak. I summoned courage to glance at his face- only for a moment He was regarding me with sun-puckered eyes. :'I had no idea you were so beautiful," he presently said. The world seemed aglow with rapture. "I know such words sound insulting." "Why"I murmured. "I don'tb know myself. I hardly dare to know. I thought your sister, Joan, beautiful, till I met you." "I think we had better find the others, I wantto speak to Jack." "Have I offended you ?" He never knew the effort it cost me to curb his ardour when he reminded me of my self-imposed duty to Joan. Ten minutes later Jack was beside me. "Blackwood said you wanted me." La~ ul ve ai ills 1LUL LA Joan. Bave yonforgotten our compact ?" He was so confused that I said to him; "What's the matter?" Then as he did i not answer, " Surely you can tell me," I said. "I love Joan. have always loved her, andyou know it'shopeless, hopeless, hope less." I did not contradict him. A weekpassed, and Cantain Blackwood, happily, was still among us. Our scheme as far as Joan was concerned, had ans veered admirably. She had been so dis tant to Lord Avonmouth that that wor thy had betaken himself' to Paris. But I had saved Joan compromising my life's happiness. I will confess my secret. I loved Captain Blackwood, and I feared with a great fear the day on which he would take his departure. Whilst he was near, I could be almost I happy. But I knew the blackness that would supervene when he had gone. At last the moment of the dreaded day arrivcd when we were to say good*bye. He stood before me. I could not look at him. "Ruth!" "Good-bye," I almost whispered. "Not good-bye. Never good-bye." "Why?" I timidly whispered. "I love you, I love you." Then after a pause. "Have you no word for me ?" Duty to Joan alone restrained me from throwing my arms about his neck. " Have you no word for me ?" I could not speak, I only shook my head. When I next had a consciousness of things he was gone. " Where's Ruth " cried a voice. Itiwas Joan's. I dried my eyes and summoned the ghost of a smile. " Here she is !" cried Jack's voice. They entered together. \- " Why didn't you come with as to the station Captain Blackwood was in such a bad temper, we left him before the train started," said Joan. \- ." A good job too," from Jack. "J ack !'" from Joan. "It is. Joan and I are engaged. I should never have asked if we hadn't found found ourselves alone on the way "What!" I'gasned. For answer Joan.took Jack's hand in hers. " What" about Lord 'Avonmouth ?" I asked when a few moments later Joan and I were alone together. "I hate him.' I always loved Jack, and I knew he loved me, bhut he wouldn't speak. I pretended to care for Lord Avonmouth as Jack was going away and-what is the matter RuthP" I.had no time and less' inclination to explain. I seized a hat and hurried to wards the station. Half way there I paused for breath. The warning whistle of a train seemed to stab my heart. "Come back, cdme back my love," I cried. For answer, Isawacloudof white smoke that told me of the departure of the man I loved. All the same I pressed- on. Arrived at the station I almost fell into the arms of the stationmaster, a worthy who prided himself on the flowers that decorated his station. "What's happened, miss ?" "I want a gentleman, but he's gone." "There's a lunatic here, if that's him, miss." My attention was drawn to a knot of officials who were' watching: a tall, well built man who was viciously striking the heads from the dowers with a?walking cane. "'A lunatic?" I gasped. " Nell, miss, he drove for a certain. train but, didn't go by it. Ever since he's been spoiling my lowers, and he looked so savage none of us liked to interfere." At that moment the "lunatic" caught my eyes, He approached. It was the man I loved. " You!" " Yes, dear-" Our eyes said all that was left an spoken. 