CHR ST IS THE MIDST. By JOSEPH PARKER, D.D. They found hint sitting in the midst of the doctors. — Luke iii., <6. 'Where is the midst? Is this a geometrical term, signifying the centre, A local centre, a measurable centre? What is in the midst of this house? The light. The light fills all space and takes up the room of no man. . Its glory _ Jills all space, and welcomes every little child. The lamp may be in the centre, but not light. There is a centre, and there is an active energetic penetration which circulates within the whole circumference and beyond it, for circumference is a geometrical term. What is #n the midst? The fragrance. The rose is in j 6ic middle; the fragrance is in the midst. You (build your great walls, and enclose your beauti- j Jul rosaries, so that no man outside can sec | the beautiful flowers. But there are some ill- kept children outside the wall who suddenly say to one another, What is it? They are the flowers— roses. Where are they? The roses I are on the other side of the wall. But the I fragrance climbs tlia wall, falls down on the | other side, and blesses the wayfarer. The rose I is in the centre; the fragrance is in the midst. I And so with my Lord the Redeemer; He is not 1 in a locality, measurable and fixed, but, as we I shall see, as cur texts come to one another I and gather into a glorious culmination, that I Jesus is not local but universal — a propitiation, I not for our sins only, but for the sins of the j whole wotld. The world cannot hold Him. I The universe Incommodes His infinity. He is | above ail things and before them, and above I them and below them, and in them, and only j begins to begin when we liaVe been with Him 1 in eternity or time. 1 They found Him in the midst of the doctors. 1 Just as near to each one of them as to all. I In tile midst. The suggestion, therefore, is of 1 penetrative, pervasive influence. Never forget ! lhe pervasiveness of great influence. It halts | nowhere finally; it goes its penetrating way ?on and' on through all the circles; it would include all and bless all. In the midst of the doctors— in the midst of learning, the ^philo sophy, the highest civilisation of time; and He is there still. Tn tile midst of doctors— in the midst of expanding, refining and spiritual civi lisation. Ruling SII things. He is not always known, He could not always be identfied by name; but souls feel that there is something ghostly, spiritual, mysterious, not to be ac counted for in mere words— a weird, strange personality and energy. Of course, every circle has its. own mother tongue, aud we do not want! men to drop their own mother tongue, although j we would teach them- a richer and fuller lan guage, ' There are men who are still talking about discoveries; wo do not object to . the word— it is harmless erfough. There are other men who would speak about the same subject I under a higher designation. There are some I persons who are not- afraid even in science to j substitute the word '"discovery" by the word j "revelation" — a light, a flash from heaven, an I answer unexpected, but all-satisfying. I would I not take the word "discovery' away from men I who really appreciate and value it. It will do I in the meantime. But I am not ashamed of the I word "revelation." I think ail great ideas in ( science, in chemistry,- in mechanics, in civiii- ottiiun, ecuejany come uown irom uie rather of. Light. ' 1 should not. therefore, speak of discovery, but of revelation, nearer aspects of Providence, nearer gleams of infinite persona lity. Many a man meanwhile is satisfied with the word discovery. I am not going to re gard him, therefore, as an infidel. Perhaps he may one day speak the higher language. Until then I pray God's blessing on him, that he may j be a patient, diligent, fearless student. There are not so many Infidels as one might suppose. I do not know whether there' is "a column in the census schedule in which are recorded infi dels. I hope not; I think it would paralyse any printer, such a word under, such circum stances. Some people are more guided by Christ than they are really aware. They do not realise the complete mystery of the situation. Once a man was healed, and he was going up and down, talking about the cure, and the <— -peepJeswdd. "Who' cured thee?" and he said, ' VI know not His name." But he wandered iuto the Temple, and then a voice fell on his sar, such a -voice" as was never heard before, Opening up a porta!, a wondrous approach to the soul. Then the man knew that it was Jesus that had healed hint. One day the visor Will drop; the anonymous Leader will show His face, and men will then know it was Jesus that ?ed the civilisation of the- world. Even so, Lord Jesus, come quickly. "They crucified Him: and the malefactors, _ one j>n the right band, the other on ' ihe K left." Jesus in the old place, \- the only -place, the eternal place — Jesus In- the midst of thieves. He was in the midst of- doctors— He is still there; He cannot C-r ie displaced;' He iives everywhere, He lives .ia EluhUand; "in6ideythief-!and ; He lives among- ' , €rifves' and'the wrong-doers. "This man and to that your preaching .shut' your doors again, and key, afid write "Icha- bod" upon the facade of this edifice. Jesus In the' midst of thieveg. That cross could not have been otherwise. There is a fixed geometry, a fixed proportion, a ' perspective, an abiding and unalterable poetry and fitness of things. All this is represented by the croES in the midst. It could not have .stood on either side. Jesus -must- be in the midst, or nowhere, per vading, interpenetrating, uniting all elements, forces, and ministries, and constituting an in finite redemption. We. must leave Christ some place in Hts church, as we "must leave God seme home for His Providence in the world. We must not be. too clever, we must not con sume all the space, we must sit and be silent, and patiently wait for the incoming of the King. Be still and know that God is in all things. It would not -do- for us to he in the midst of thieves, because we have something that may be lost. It is a cloak, with buttons, and buckles; and a long cloak, .and sometimes a fur cloak. That cloak is called respectability. That cloak may be lost. It would never do for you and me to go alone among the thieves; but Christ, can go. He can look the woman whose face is a living blasphemy back to girl hood and womanhood and home. Let Him- do it, and let us work in little crowds at His bidding that we may help one another. THE LIVING LAMP V. LITTLE LANTERNS. Where should we find him again? "I turned to see the voice that spake with Me." What! turned to. see a voice? Yes; and you and I dare not have said so, because many would have been severe upon us for such an incoherent and vulgar and paradoxical a style of figure or metaphor. -"Turned to see a voice." That Is " what the great Seer saw In the island church. I turned to see a voice, and Io "I saw seven golden candlesticks, and in the midst of seven candlesticks one like unto the Son of Man."' As He was in the midst of doc tors, and in the midst of the Church, and in the midst of thieves. Now he. is in the midst of lights, the luminants, the leaders of Church, and all its higher thinking and best endeavor. Poor are the candlesticks until Christ takes up His place in the midst of them. Ministers, local preachers. We are only as candlesticks, we have no light, we give no light, except wo first receive the illumination from the face of the Saviour, and through the ministry of the Holy Spirit. There is no Church, there is no I ministry without Jesus, and without Jesus- be- I iug in the midst. AncHhen though the candle- I sticks be poor, and the little light of a local j kind may be very limited, yet there should be 1 a great glory in the House, and wondrous re- I suits, should foKow the ministry that is en- I kindled and illuminated and sustained by the j Father and the Son and the Holy Ghost. Three j in One, and One in Three, j Our dependence is on the living Lamp, the j light of the world; and it will abide when all the little lanterns of man's invention have j been blown out and thrown into tUe ditch. I Your Etrenglh is of God. Hold on; ho'.d up. Take another instance to show that the first text was not merely fantastic, but that we have touched a great centre of revelation and actual providence. "And 1 beheld and in the midst of the throne a Lamb." In the midst. What, in the midst of a throne? Yes. In the midst of doctors, in the midst of the Church, in the midst of the thieves, in the midst of the candle- Eticks. The same— the old place, the only place, the eternal place — a Lamb as He had been slain. No, there are scars on that Lamb which meant wounds and blood-and mysterious suffering. So He has come to the throne, has He? Yes, because He came from the throne. It is so, and none can alter it. And then where next? In the midst of doe- tors, and churches, and thieves, in the midst of candlesticks, and in the midst of the throne, where else is He? In the midst of the Deity — the Father, the Holy Ghost, and Josus in the midst. The old place, the eternal place, in the midst of the Deity. And He wants to be in the midst of our hearts, He wants to take pos session of our whole nature, He wants to bless us with the sevenfold blessing, He wants to draw us from the external and the temporal, and to give us a home in the eternal and un seen, and Divine; He wants to hold us to the bosom of God. j The "Cottage." reports of the Minister- I ing Children's League for January and I February have been handed to us by the I Rev. J. T. Evans, of Prahran. These I show that during January twenty chil- j dren were admitted to the cottage, whilst I eight were discharged, the average dura- I lion of their stay being twenty-one days. I These were all described as very deserv- I ing cases. During February seventeen .children were admitted, and twelve dis charged. The matron reports that the children admitted during this month were unusually delicate, and during her stay at the cottage there had "not been such a I pathetic sad faced looking little crowd." \ One little fellow of twelve, who is suffer ing from double hip disease, is especially- referred to. For four years he has been helpless, and he is wheeled about in a big perambulator by the strongest of the other children, but" it is thought that the .care he receives is only prolonging his life, as it is not expected that he will re cover. 