, tiETiEGTIVE SKETCHES, BY SANDY SHABP ; \- THB FAUOUB GLA9GOAV /. Hx-bETEcxim _ . 'THE MINISTERS: DISAPPEARANCE. j-; ; .** Well, Maggie, is there anything new in tbe , villacosinco I. iris here last year ? Many mar ? rlages ? I suppose old Elspeth Murcbison is . (till living !' , n HnVhs, Sandy I I bare beard yoo say that only women ask so many questions at once. :Letme see; is tbero anything new in tbe vill ago? Yen, wo bare got a new minister, and Boat of tbe unmarried womeu folk of Colmoooll ?re more or lets io love with bim.' 1 glanced slyly at my cousin as she said this, bat there was not tbe ghost of a bluah ou her pretty face. The minister's charms bad failed *o influence bur. M You are one of the exceptions, I suppose P' ?4 There has been ooly one wedding here sinoe last summer, and old Elspeth ia eipcotingber usual present ; have you remembered -her j ttuuff ?' | #l Yas, Msggio ; but about tbe ministsr— you don't like him, I fauoy P' ' ' Nn, Sandy, I don't ; bat why, 1 really can* Dot tell yoi^. He is a good-looking man, preaohes j % passable sermon, and is a great favourito at ' the Hall.' 4* Yea— there are four marriageable girls there/ 1 remarked. 44 But whenoo your auti patby P' 41 Seriously, Sandy, I dou't know how to ex plain it. 1 bare board it said that some spt oies . af snakes exercise a sort of fascination mingled «ritb dread, upon those who came witbiu reach of their terrible powers. And every tine I am 2a the company of the minister I am Toll of a strange feeling that there is something wrong about bim, and that bis life is a lie— a sheer , hypocrisy. Have you ever experienced a similar . ilud of feeling towards anyone you -ave met P' ' , 44 Well, bo, Maggie ; 1 cannot say that I £jave, But we detectives are iu often brought into centaot with shady characters of all des criptions that 1 scarcely think 1 should be so stroogly impressed as you seam to be by tbe minister. ^ You must introduce me.' 44 There will be no need ; as suou as be knows there is a stranger here be will probably come and introduce himself in his own original and 'simitable fashion. ** For several years iu succession Mrs. Sharp and 2 bad agreed to tako our summer holiday separ ' lately ; tbe faot being that I oould not stand my wife's brother, with whom she liked to stay. 3ly oouain ftlaggie bad always boon a special favourite of mine ; we shoold prebably have entered into a nearer and dearer relationship but for ber foolish prejudice of first cousins. Sbo was tbo mistress of tbe parish school, and, so far aa I could judge, quite conUuted with ber lot aa a prospective old maid. 1 must confess tbat my curiosity bad been whetted by tbe description of the new minuter, and I awaited with something like impatience ; his expected visit. But to tbe astonishment of my cousia, be did net oome near the sohool fcause. 44 Tbe minister is going to fight shy of you, Sandy ; ho does oat liko men of your profes sion,' said Maggie aa tbe third day of my visit. *' But I am going to oall on bis sister, and if be is in I will tr 11 bim of your arrival ; tbea he will be 'obliged to call.** 41 His sistor ? You did not meatioQ a cister. What in she Jik- P' *4 Tall, well-proportioned, good- looking, of light, complexion; a perfect Juno, tbe laird's mu styles ber.' That afternoon I was out with Maggie, and near tbe bridge over tbe Stinchar noticed an old man leaning again«t the parapet ; a more iltfavouied countenance I tbiuk I never saw. His akin was tbe colour of parohment, and . wrinkled so much as to indicate that ho'bad iODg siuce pasted the alloted span of life, although he was really not yet seventy. His busby white eyebrows shaded a pair of keen, ' cold grey eyes ; while, having lost all his teeth, lis nose seemed mere hooked, sod bis ebin ' more prominent than was tbe case. He was known to be a miser, and hved oa what cost bim little. Skim milk aod oatmo&l;, made into .rose, fcrmed the principal portion of bis food, for iu tbe eoldest dsr of winter he never bud a iire. That he had plenty of money somewhere was cuneutly believed iu the village. . 41 Ah ! There is one who is uever tired of praising tbe minister's sinter,' said my coutiiu. 'What she oau And in such a mtu to iuduco her lo spend hours with him in bis dismal room ii a problem I cannot solve.' I must here confess that I begau to fancy jealousy had something to do with Maggie's Kviileut prejudice against Miss Meldrum. She waa introduced to me on the third day of my visit* and whatever the miniatci's influence oa my cousin, his sistersoeiaed to me one af the most charming women I had ever met. 1 bad been a week in Colmonell wbea at an uuutually early hour one morning ou my way to a well-known shttdy spot ou the Stincbar to si^e if I could gel a few trout for breakfast, I jusl caught a glioipao of Miis Meldrum enter ing tbe tumble-dowu cot iu which the old miser lived I naturally wondered what she could possibly want there at such an hour, but for get the iucidentuatil next day, when tbe village \\**b startled by the discovery that Old Donald, us he waa familiarly styled, had been fouud dead in hia wretched abode/ Thn dactor said be must have hren dead at least thirty-six, and probably forty, hours, and if this opinion were corroct, be was dead when Miss Meldruoa w«s in the house thu previous morning. I thought tbia very strange, but kept my own couusel until I sa»r thu minister, when I casually men tioned having seen his sister at 5 a.m. euter Mae miser's cottage. Jsir. Mi'ldrura was not startled ; he must have obsessed awonderllil comniaud of serve. Pardou mo. Mr. Sharp ; but you are quite roisi aken ; my sinter wn ill yesterday morning, ►ad took bieakfast iu bod. She rcas not down ??alii past noon/' He said this in nuch a quiet aelf-posseasod loan that 1 tound rajBelf wondering if I could posailAy bave been mistaken. But uo : tber-- ? -was not another woman in the neighbourhood like the luiniatt-r'aaihter. The more I pondered »t, to :auoh the more was I certain that I had uiade no miatake. Old Donald's cottage was io an angle formed by a lane turning Irom the -rriioary road, and the miniitcr'u house was .ome quarter of a mile down the where it' igaiu joined a wider ro«d. Aud Laving dtcided tbat the minister and his sister were both wil* :?nlly deceiving me, 1 began to thiuk of the pos sible raotivf, but hero 1 was completely puzzlod. The old miser had evideutly fancied be might die suddenly, for the village carpenter had pre vionsly bad instructions about the funeral, and in the ministers hands had been placed a sum of money sufli- it-ut to defray the expenses of a aimplu funeral. I aUod near the churchyard gate, and noticed a stranger iu deep blaok, who c seined to be the chief mourner. Next day, assisted by the village couitable, a cearch was made of the cottageiby the stranger, Old Donald's nephew, who bad never bad two pence from the old miser during tho latter'* lite* t'ioir, but who aould now iuherit, according to tbe will, property and shares iu the GUsgow andBouth-Western Kiilway worth in the adu late about £10,090. Tho de^ds ol the houbu ? property were raissiog, heuce tbe starob. They 1 wero not foun3» -aad hearing ofmy prespnoe in | the village, the miser's heir called upeii me, and j requested my assistance in tracing the lost I documents.. I agreed to do what I osuld, and at once suspected that eitber- Miss Meldrum or her brother, . or both, . cauld produce tbe papers, if. -they cared to do so. ? But I said oothiag of my suspioion to Mr. Sturrock, tbo miser's nephew. Knowing I could, trust my cousio, however, 1 told her that 1 had seen Miss Meldrum entering Old Donald's cottage at 5 a.m. the day beforo.be was found. dead. 41 Sandy, shall 1 t*ll you a secret f it might bo difficult to prove, but io my own mind it is true enough. Promise mo you will not mrfke use of the information unless you deem itim peratircly occcneiry for the furtherauoo of strict justice.' ? ? 44 I do not care to make rash promises, Mag gi% but for once I will trust you, and give the required pledge,' ' Then prepare for a startler. Miss Jennie I Meldrum is neither more nor less than MrsJ George Ferguson Meldrum, the minister's wife.' '* Whew I Are you sure of it ?' 1 asked. 44 Have you any proof of tbe astoundiug asser- j tion you make.' ! 44 Not direst, but plenty of evidenoe by infer ence. ' lu the Hrst place, they have never bad a servant, except for a few hours during the day, and Mrs. Birae, my' school caret»ker, when on a visit to her sister at Rothesay last summer, saw tbe MoldrumB there, and the lady was weariog a wedding ring theu.' I did uot. tbiuk it politic to tell Maggie tbat I should try to discover whether 'her strange tale was true or net. If it proved to be well founded it would, to my thinking, go a long way to coafirmmy suspicions that the minister could tell where tbe missing deeds might bo found. , They related to four houses in Girvan, and 1 weut there t» ascertain if anyone bad been re oently to iaspect tbe houses, or if aught was kuowu of any attempt to secure a mortgage upon tbeoi. But my journey was fruitless. Reaohiug Pi a wherry 8tation by the last train, 1 bad nearly three miles to walk to Colmonell. , Thero was a path through tbe tlelds tbat cut 1 off a considerable corner, passiug a couple of limtkilns that overhung a short by-road. 1 was gettiog over the style near tbo kilns when the sound of an angry voice at tbe kilu top 1 arreatod me. It was quite dark, aad I knew 1 oould not be seen. 44 1 tell you 1 winna dae't, Mr. Meldrum— nay, for double tbe money. Ye said 1 should ; ooly bave to go— sh ! There's somebody by the stile ; I can see tbe shadow o' a man.' 1 proceeded at a rapid pace towards (Jie vill age, but saw notbiog or the miniator. That be had been trying to persuade tbe old limeburner ! to do something illegal 1 felt certaio, and that it had to da with tbe last deeds 1 strongly sus pected. In tho morning I strolled out to the limekilas, 1 but the low-Mzed man now in ohargo was aot the one 1 wished to see. 1 learnt tbat Big Tem would net be there till six ia the evening, but 1 ; might possibly find bim at bis home, 'a cottage j out a mile or so on tbe BalUntrae*road. I I weut there, but was told tbat Tom Rattray bad not come home »inco leaviog the kilns, which he would do tbat morning at six o'clock. Oa my return to Couriu Maggie's another piece of startling information awaited me. Tbe minister had not been at home all uight, snd his rister had sent te ask my cousin if he bad been at the sohoolheasa the evening before. Another day passed, and Miss Meldrum. as I will call her, came to me iu deep distreu, and asked me to help ber iu Aiding ber brother. I was tempted t« tell ber what I had beard the man at tbe limekiln say. But the natural re pugnance of a detective to show bis band to an opponent was too strong at the time, and I told tbe lady I was completely at a loss to conjecture any re&sau; for her brother's unaccountable dis appearance. The mioi»ter*a absence orcated great excite ment ia the ' village, and the elders were ia a tlx, for how was the service to be carried on ? Tom Rattray also did not return. At first his abseace caused no alarm, for he bad often gone to Uirvau, on the spree, for a week at a time, cowing back when tbe money be bad taken with bim was all spent. ' Mr. Sharp staying hero ?' said a stranger, with a remarkable likeness to tbo truant minister that I instantly set bim down as a brother. II My name is Sharp,' I said. 41 1 bavo been to your home in Glasgow, and was directed here. It seems almost provi dential tbat you should actually be staying in this village. 1 have oome to you for aid in as certaining wbat has become of my brother, of whoso mysterious and unaccountable disap pearance you are aware. Can you help mo ?' 4* Well, you see, my holiday expires naxb Saturday, but possibly 1 may be able to get it lengthened, supposing the riddle is not solved by Saturday. But I must aak for your i ntire confidence. Is tbe lady who lives or did live with Mr. Meldrum, your sister ?' ' No, certainly not ; she is bis wife. It would have been well for my brother bad he never met tbat womau.' '* 1 will bu tqually open with you, ttr. Mel drum. I am re'aiued by o Mr. Sturreck, of Gla gow, to diaoovet aom-i lost deeds, missing from tbe house of an old miser who died list week here. And, you will pardon me for saying so, I hive strong suspicious that Mrs. Meldrum could tell js where the deeds are now,' and 1 related having seen the lady coming out of old Donkld'a cottoge at 5 a.m., when, according to tbo doctor, the mieer munt have betm dead. *' 1 cannot believe my brother has been so far led by tbat horrible womau as to be guilty of kcowiotflyhaviBg in posatssioa any stolen docu ments,' said my visitor coldly, and I did not further hurt bis feelings by telling him that the minister had declared tbat his wife bad uot breu out that morning at all. Feariug that after my departure, tho lime burner aud tbo minister bad had a quarrel, and that tho latter might have been puihed, or fal* len.into tbo buroiog limekiln, I weut again and saw Big Tom's attestant, asking him iu careless manner if he ever kuew of a life btiug lost at the kilus. 14 No, never,' be replied, but there was a shifty, uneasy look io bis eyes that seemed aus picious. 'Then you did not find anything strangu among the lime, or tho ashea last Thuiaday morning, when y*u raked out tho lime ?' I weut on. 4- No, I didn't.' 1 felt convinced the (ellow was lying ; but* without a scrap of evidence to provo my con viction, what could 1 do ? Not tbe remotest trace either of the oiuister nr the lime-burner could I obtain, although tbe aid of the police Hue aud Cry was requisitioned, aud advertisements inserted ia the various Scotch aud Kuglish papers. Thtae years passed, and tbe Colmouell ro mauce bad almost been forgotten by me, *ave and except that 1 sometimes woudered wbat bad becomo of the minister and his handsome wife. An old friend of muuy years standing, Sergeant 1'leming. of tl e 78lb, came with hia regiaent to Marybill'Barracks, and I soon after wards went to spend an afternoon and evening with the sergeant's meas. ' That's a haudaome fellow 1' I remarked to my frieud, as wo wntured the bairaoks, a very tall aergemt going out at tbe same time. ?' Yes, and bis hiigbt and good looks bare been of servico to him since be joiued us in London. He baa only seen throe years* servioe and ha ii a sergoaut. But uobody envic#, or is jealous of Mm, tor a better uutured (bap does not wear the Queen's uuiform. He is a luoky fellow, is Sergeant Forbes, in more ways than one,;for^he is to to married on Thursday to tbe oolonel's governess, a splendid woman. Look 1 There sbe is ( she Ia o£f to meet tbo sergeant, 111 be bound,' I did look, and in a moment reoogaisod Mrs. Meldrum. ? What was I to do P How bad she procured the position in the oolonel's - family ? ' Would It be right to allow the sergeant to marry this woman, considering wbat I knew abont her P These and kiodred questions surgod like light ning through my brain, and my old trierrd, noticing my sudden quietness, asked mo what was the matter. ?4 1 could almost fauoy yon knew tbo band*, some governessj' be remarked, ' She is just a , bit faded, on the wrong aide of thirty, you know, but ? she will make- a good wife for the sergeant, for she is tall, like him, and the colouel already talks of gettiog him a oom mision. He ssved the life of thn colonel's, youogest obild, and old Forsyth in not one to forget suob a service. If Forbes does get a commisnieo, tbo oolouel will help him to keep up bis place in the fctgade, you see if he doesn't.' it was not far froo nine o'clock when tbo taU# sergeant came into .ho messroom and I fouud myself wondering where I had seen him before, now tbat I could see bim at olose quarters and miuus bis bat. But when be spoke, ia spito of the difference in bin tone and accent, tbe result of bis three years' intercourse with bis fellow soldiers, ^recognised the man. It was tbe same voice I bad beard that night by the lisekiln, saying— 41 1 tell you 1 winna dae't, Mr. Mel drum !' ' Wbat is the name of tbe lady be is to marry ?' I asked my friend. ' Miss Jeanuie Greig,*' was tbe reply. So * tbe minister s wife had assumed another name, possibly ber maiden name, I said to my self. Does sbe know that the man sbe is about to marry disappeared from Colmonell on the same night as her husband, tbe minister, went amissing ? And ii not, is it not my duty to make it known ? 1 was poor company for tbe sergeant's meas that evening, and my old friend must have imagined I bad grown misautbropioal. 1 re turned home without having been able to come to a decision on tbe subject tbat was tormenting me, and thought I might do so by 14 sleeping oa it.' As the result^ i wrote a note addreased to Ser geaut Foitas, asking^him to ste me at a well known publiohouso near tbe barracks at seven tbat evening, on a matter tbat affected his dearest interests. Will be keep tbe appointment ? I wondered, as I walked out to the ion. I waited outside, having a nisb to see him alone. Yes ; he was coming. M 1 see you got my uoto, sergeant ; will you walk with me a little way P What I bave to say will not take five minutes. In lhe first plaeo will yeu tell me why you left Colmonell P' 44 Colmpnell ! Who are you P' He asked bearstly. 44 1 daresay yeu bave beard my name ; it's Sandy Sharp, deteolive.' 41 Wbat do you want with me ?' 44 To tell you tbat Miss Jeannie Greig, tbe woman you are about to marry, ia really Mis. Meldrum, wife of Rev. George Ferguson Mel drum, formerly minister of Colmonell.' 44 Tbeu you know me too.' 44 Yes ; you are Tem Rattray, the limeburner. You left Colmooellon the same night the minis ter disappeared I' ??Disappeared P Yes— into the burning kiln I But it waana me did it, as God is my judge I We heard footsteps geing along tbe path under tbfi kilns, aod the minister was so frightened o' being seen iu siocan a place, he stumbled ower a Jump o' limestone, an' tummolled bead fore most into the kiln. I oouldna help him, for my long rakes were down below, and afore I could get t»no o' them, be was done for. That in the hale trutb, Mr. Sharp P' I Aud 1 believed bim. j 14 Oh, my God ! I see bim every night, in my dream, sinking into tbo white-hot lime, aud me powerless to succour bim 1' groaued tbe sergeant, with hia head bent on his breast. ' i ' It is strange you did not know bis wife,' I remarked. ' Nay ; not so strange, seeing I lived away frae Colmouell, out on the road to Ballantrae, I an' never went to church. Oh, dear ! Wbat ! will I do ? We're to be married to-morrow.' | ' Don't ask me wbat youta to do, Rattray. | I i*ill not interfero with you. Marry ber by all means, if you think you can be happy with ber. But wbat was the cause of the quarrel between you aud tl e miniator ?'' | 44 Quarrel P We had uae quarrel 1' ' But I beard you tell yon wouldn't do some thing be wished you to, not for double the money. And your voice shewed that you were angry.' ' Ho wanted mo to go to tbe old miser's bouse in the dead o* night, aod search for some lost papers.' I ?4 I see. Well, sergeant, you have nothing to fear from me. But you must not forget the ' daoger of your bride diacoveriog your leorek' *4 I'll bae to ebance that, Mr. Sharp. It's gaen tbo far to draw back ' The marriage took plaoe, and my old friend assured me (bat Forbes and bis wife seemed very happy. A few months afterwards tbe sergeants gave a ball, and my wife aud I were invited. After th» ball, we were to bave tbe room of an absent servant who had jnst lost bin wife, and was away on leave. Mary wan asleep, and 1 was dozing off when a terrible sen am —tbat of a woman in dire distress— thoroughly aroused me. Throw ing up the lower Ba*h of tbo window, I saw tbe flying figure of a woman in ber night attire ruuoing across tbe barrack square. I could dis tiuctly hear her oriea of ' Help ! Help !' as tbe door of the colonel's bouse opened, and sbe disappeared inside, just as t'ergeant Forbes rushed out of his quarters. Not seeing the ob ject of his purbuit in tbe open square, he rau b*ck to bis loema. In the moraing 1 was startled to learu that Setgeant Forbes had got 41 the bluitt,' and waa iu the guard-room with a strait jacket on. '* Li«ten to bin I' said my friead. 4 4 Tbat is what be haa beeu shouting all the time since he was brought here from tbe square in bis shirt.' ** Who says I threw bim into the kiln P He fell iu himself 1 1 didn't murder him ! She says 1 did, but it isn t true ; no, it ia not true I' This bad been tbe burden of bis raviugs for four hours. By 10 a.m. Sergeant Forbes— be had assumed bis mother's maiden name wbea be enlisted— was quiet, and seemed to bo quite ignorant or what had happened. His wile had declared her unslterablu determination never to live witb Lim 'g«it-, und, in fact, before be was lakin (o tb-1 o.lniit-l'is office t rom tho guard-room to ausner tl ecbarge drunkenness and brawl iog in the square at 3 a.m. hia wife was on her way to Edinburgh furnished with sufficient ti-outy for berimmedivte wauls by the colonel's wife. Sergeant Forbes was let off with a strong reprimand, but before leturoiug to bis quarters the colonel told bim of bis wife's flight, aud bin ted tbat it was the result of some secret he had divulged during the night wheu under the iu fluenue of drhik. The hurgeant was greatly startled, and seemed terribly dowouaifc by bis wifo's departure. '? Forbes will desert, lake my word for it,' said my friend Fleming. It is another iustauce of a man's life being wrecked by a woman.' j The big sergeant went baok lo his duty, but within a month was reduced to the rt-i*ks for ' x - - drunkenness, and within a week after tbat he «desertcd. . It was thought tbat be would be easily cap tared beef uso of his height, but tiiis proved a fallaoy. Tbe followiog summer I went again -for a fortnight to Colmonell, and, walking out onn evening with Cousin Maggie in the gloaming, was startled to see a very tall man dart aorosa tbe road add into the. cottago of old Mrs. Rattray, the limeburnor's motbfer. Hastily ex plaining matters to my cousin, I went to the cottage, lifted tbo latob, and walked in. ' ' Dou't. be afraid of me, Tom Rattray; 1 will not harm vou,' 1 said. 14 Then God bless you, Mr. Sharp. 1 ooly oameto see my mother. If I can get baok to tbe lighthouse without being oapturod 1 must not venture here again.' , . 14 Then you are a lighthouse-keeper now, Rattray ; whero P ' 44 Cornwall Point, sir ; do you kuow aught of my wife ? ' 44 No. Rattray.' 44 I'd givo ten years of my life to mako her bslieve 1 did not murder tbe minister.*' 44 You may meet some day ; who knows P ' I said, as 1 left the mother anctson together. My words were prophetic, for only a mouth afterwards I happened to take Mary to see a . frieud of ours iu Edinburgh Infirmary. Almost the first nurso 1 saw an wo entered the ward where youug Rankin was lying was Mrs. Forbes, I got as uear to her an possible, and quietly said— 14 How are you, Mrs. Forbss ? ' Her still beautiful face was pale enough ere I spoke, but it becamo so ghastly white that I feared a scene, 41 1 do not remember you. sir, but yog appeir to kaow me. If you bave a spark of pity for aa j unhappy woman, loave me, aud forget tbat you ' ever saw me. For pity's sake do wbat 1 ask.' 44 Net till I bave delivered the message I entrusted to me. I have lately seen your hus-j band, and I am firmly coavinced that tbe death of your first husband cannot be laid * to tbe charge of Tom Rattray or Forbes,' i 44 My first husbaud she gasped. I 44 Yes ; the miuister of Colmonell. I was ' staying at tho sohoolhouse when he disappeared. Your husband is yearning for your assurance that you do uot believe bim guilty. Surely j you will not oontinue to hold him responsible for j a death no one deplores more than he does P' 1 44 Where is bo now P' i '* A keeper at the lighthouse ou Corsewall I Point, beyoud Stranraer.' ! Tbe softened expression tbat had come over her face since I spoke tp bar augured well for tbe »ucceas of my appeal, and I bade her good afternoon in the belief that Tom Forbes would ant be long a lightbouso keeper. | A few weeks afterwards I had a oall from - Sergeant Fleming, who told me that Forbes and bis wife, accompanied by bis mother, bad sailed for Australia, Colonel Forsyth having genorously given Forbes £60, besides defraying the cost of tbe three passages. And when I went up to Marybill Barracks again, 1 learnt tbat Mrs. Forsyth had made the discovery tbat her governess was a sleep- walker. She bad been stopped at the barrack gate when going out at two a.m.t fully dressed. It set me wondering whether she was in the state of somnambulism wheu I saw her entering the miser's cottage ; and I thought she might not havo betn the guilty woman I deemed ber at tbo time. 