THE DAY OF REST* ' THE WORK OF THE HOLY SPIRIT." '"The Work of the Holy Spirit" was the title of the presidential address delivered by t h 5 before the Con- Monday evening, October lo. The following is the full text of the address:— One of the most marked tendencies of the age in which we live lies, it seems to me, in the direction of materialism. Materialism as a philosophy never stood so discredited as to-day. --ilatErialism as a practice and aim of life was never so powerful, so subtle, so all persuasive. The universal passion is for houses and lands, horses and wine, dress and luxury, balls and travel. To get on in the world, to succeed, to have plenty of things, to live greatly in all one's senses, this is the infinite which attracts both rich and poor, high and low. Reviews and illustrated magazines, novels, and the ubiquitous newspaper alloemphasi/.e the material. We have one question to ask of any country. What are its minerals, and how many fat sheep mil it grow? The force of an empire it seems Iks not in its intellect, its soul, but in its fleets, its big battalions. Even psychology, as iwpularly understood, may be said rather to have o materialized spirit than to have spiritualizmatter. Commercialism and science, art. a Q d the natural bias of man have cwispir-ii to render materialism only a little less than omnipotent. It was "the comiction 1 ^ that this is the trend of things whkh de i cided„me to speak to you on the work of 1 . _ . specially congenial to me, that it appeals to .™J' T Acuity of representation I might possess. There are other ... . - . , .TO"* naturalness; they would not have imposed so strict, so severe a limitation. One would not have felt so acutely the hazard of failure, the possiLiwh^ T reeollrfn^n 1^ Iieassurd<i liH^ S E i . M iPf .'i m a ,P rs ' sidential address,>iad brought to the subject and that * I* 'f lce^Prasion the aid of the Holy Spirit, God's incomparable Secretary, that He would at least prevent me by His Grace from saying what is erroneous or uncdifying. The work of the Holv Spirit The subject at once conducts us into the region of the unknown, the unknowable One may have read everything, meditated everything, sounded everything, and yet feel incapable of utterlnc one illuminating word—one word, that is to say, which will throw a light upon the secret nature of that mysterious IJeing to tile study of whose work I invite your attention. The names by which lie k revealed are _ significant, but they are significant rather of what lie does than of what He is. The}- go possibly only a little way in explaining Him. Afteall that you have said of the inspiring, sanctifying, consoling influences that proceed from Him, there still remains an immensity unjiossessed, and that cannot oe possessed. And then what do we know of spirit? What do we know of the spirit if man? Who has ever seen, who has ever conversed with a spirit? Shrouded in a mysterious tete-a-tete with a spirit, the von' thought is disturbing. We" are sen^e creatures, habituated to what the eye cai see, the hand handle^ we shrink from what is strange aaid unfamiliar. We like the solid earth and the keen air, and the blur, sky. The home is sweet to us because of the intimacies which it enshrines. Speetrcs! apparitions! ghosts! Tnese give us a creepy sensation. They do not belong to our world, and the Holy Spirit is mysterious, precisely because we know not nor can conceive what spirit is. The incarnate Son is brought within our ken. However dimly, however imperfectly, yet confidently, do we descry Him. He became like us that in a measure we might understand and follow Him. He srpoke human words, wrought human deeds. His image indescribably lofty and august is lifted over us, shines inexfcinguisliably with increasing lustre, increasing renown- He is known to us because lie is human, and because He is human we indulge presentiments that outrun knowledge, and that aie simply imnrense. Hut the liol^ Spirit is nothing human, but wholly diviine." We cannot picture, cannot imagine Him. He is ineffable beyond words to express. He beloin^; to another world, another order. Innumerable lives have been written, of Jesus. The biographical, literature of Jesus is enormous, and still it crows. Jesus anneals to every variety of faculty, descriptive, psychological, dramatic. Poets, romanticists, philosophers, saints have vied with one another in delineating the human charm, the human winsomeness of Christ. They have not hesitated to erect their theological edifices because they knew they were building on the solid ground; but contemplating the Holy Spirit everything is, so to speak, in the air. All is mystery, vagueness, incomprehensibleness, and hence it happens that while the works which treat of the incarnate Son ate numerous and elaborate, the works which treat ot the Holy Spirit are few, and only with difficulty conceal their defects. If the truth must be told men have hesitated, have been afraid, afraid of mistaking fancies for facts, illusions for realities. We do not know the Spirit in Himself—-we know Him only in His effects, by what He accomplishes. And even here we must speak with bated breath, not too loudly, not too conlidenuy; for by what He does no less than by what He is He but adds mystery to mystery. Man, with almost superhuman intelligence, has traced the order of the Divine procedure in creation. This wonderful woild house which he inhabits, with its sapphire walls, Its «lome ornamented with lustres that move and glitter with increasing and diminishing effulgence, he has ransacked. Transporting himself to the veiy dawn of time lie has watched with reverent curiosity, with growing wonder, the huge, magniiic'pile ascend as it were brick by brick, story by story, slowly waxing to its culmination. But the mysterious energy which d strove and schemed and triumphed, that was hidden from him. Tennyson is reported to have said that he could not even conceive the faculty which effloresced in so stupendous and overpowering a creation as Hamltit, but lookout on the boundless forest of existence, and what is Hamlet but a leaf which flutters and glAms for a moment on its way to dust and nothingness. Here is the Bible. And what a sublime orchestra it is, breathing, palpitating wuth ever}" description of instrument, making a music to which only with difficulty the progress of the £;ges can keep step. What courage have its exultant strains inspired. How again and again the knight en- ants of the Faith, leaders of the forlorn hope of Christ's cause, bearers o£ tlie flag of the Cross through the storms o£ battle, how again and again have they been nerved to resistance, pricked to assault, "cheered to victory by far-off melodies that seemed to descend from the very bosom of God. Yes, and how those melodies have fascinated and allured. How men with a curiosity which it would seem no-thing could restrain have taken to pieces -the great organ whose golden lips have kindled with seraphic fire. But, one thing they have not been ab'-e to discover, thev have not been able to "discover the enkindling breath. When Pompey captured Jerusalem, he entered the Temple, he pushed aside, the priests, he pushed aside the mysterious curtain that hung acro-s the Holy of Holies, into which none but -the High Priest might enter; and thai only on one day in the 3 r ear. Ah! Pompey had often wondered what was behind the curtain, dark, inscrutable, sphinx-like. Well, when he entered, there was nothing there. And many who have penetrated the innermost sanctuary of the Divine word whose resounding mates echo through all time -have declared there was nothing there. The secret has escaped them. Inspiration! who can define, who can analyse it? And yet we know that God's word is vocal, is harmonious wifh it. What shall I say of the church?" The history of the church has been described as a history of spiritual mrvenienis Movements that are singula'.-ly unlike Jiat «eem to have nothing in common. Movements that suggest caprice, and are fraught with all the surprise of startling paradox. There have been intellectual movements, seasons of extraordinary mental illumination when the great central verities of the faith have reverherrated with a new intensity and vigour, dispersing the mists of ignorance and"superstition, opening new vistas, conducting to wider horizons; movements remarkable not for their sanctity so much as for their sanity, which have affected mot so much the heart as the head. There have been movements, again, which certainly were not intellectual, which have rather disparaged the intellect, which as John Foster has showed, has excited the antipathy of the cultivated by their crudeness, their uncritic-alness; movements accompanied by wonderful demonstrations of spiritual "power, and that have been so little indebted to art and letters as' to justify the opinion that the triumphs of grace are no wise dependent on any reinforcement which such may contribute. Again, there have been movements that have been distinguished more by sentiment than by anything else—not great thoughts, noble enthusiasms, but a correct taste, an almost exaggerated sensibility lias characterized them. ^ To elevate worship, to make it a beautirul and august solemnity, or at least to severely eliminate whatever is slovenly ana derogatory. T'hLs has been the paramount interest. Everything has been' sacrificed to this; even ethical considerations have been made to give p.ace to aesthetic. And then in violent contrai?t to -this there have been movements in which the iconoclast has figured. The iconoclast who has had as little respect for what he regarded as the fantastic phenomena of ritualism as the allied forces had for what in Pekin were deemed sacred and inviolate sanctities. Why the last few years have witnessed the rapid spread of a movement in which .. „, the lc oung have risen to the maximum of vnpor- ; tanc-e while the middle-aged have become one of the neglected classes. Thus "ve see what a variety of movements have been afoot. Movements in which new thought was predominant, now feeling and excited activity, now experience and mature age have taken the lead, and now susceptible and inexperienced youth. What history teaches—if it teaches anj- thing—is the work of the Holy Spint has nothing uniform and monotonous about it, but abounds in vivid contrasts, conspicuous antitheses, in which one finds it difficult to trace any family resemblance. For the activity of that spirit which robes the saint with holiness and beauty, flashes from the genius in poetrv, verflows the star with light, and rain.?from the tree in blossom and liuic. In which we have but another illustration of the transformation of energy. Seeing, then, that the Sp i ? I f l not w ' t o ^ t ^ ^ f b T ^ ^ A n L ^ k S T i l tW -' K0 . _ (and We tell him "where he is to ao- weal' most dictate the fords he slSu deand we mav carry tWToffidou^ "to \- , . , ^.PPHwehes to profanity. We are fond of saying the action of tW Snirit jja dependent o^ cert^n^dittos^SSd those conditions are mapped out^iih a ^ Wtthide. We have gkSi too pSe^o^rf an aspect to the Holy Spirit We We ! conceived of Him too muck as if He were a fj*^ 0 l er S3Tman We have imprisoned Him m the church. IBs office is strictly I ecclesiastical. He can operate, we assume .only, by prayer books and bibles and sac- ,. , ^. „ -. — , narrow, pietiscic, lalsetto. One k aw>ed by a solemn sunset He feels for "the moment as if he were in a temple; his soul falls on its knees in prayer A line from a great poet comes to another with the shock and stimulus of a wonderful d.-litrht, a wonderful uplifting. It bears him as upon a ifcide out on to the sea of the infinite, wit3i its mysterious voices, its mysterious unveDings. For the moment he i« a -pure spiriVwaklfc hae ccaeed to b^siirhe^ « Well, we know how men speak of such experiences. They define them as little better thin obsc-ure forms of hysteria. The Holy Spirit is supposed to have nothing to do witk anything secular, or merely natu-1 ral, or merely moral, Many have a type, a strictly orthodox type. to R W H I C Where no. . they will'not allow ^the~Hofy~ sjn'rit have any liberty.. The wind blovvetl! where it fie' decided otherwise. There is a certain stereotyped experience, and one must strike up dramatically through the whole <jamut or there is something somewhere detective and illusive. The wind, with its pretty vagaries, now blowing hot, now bloving cold, now blowing east, now west— balmy, austere, a cares3, a blow, (refreshing, quickening to-day, to-morrow withering, blighting. It is the- last symbol that they would have selected as adumbrating the work of the Holy Spirit. They conceive the Holy Spirit as immaculate, which He certainly is. Thiey conceive Him as discoursing by mstrameobs which have not the slightest flaw, which He certainly does noc. They limit His action to what is strictly and exclusively religious, whereas He utilizes what is untoward, what is profane, making even the wrarth of man to praise Him. The spirit of prophesy, sayB Ruskui, consisted with iihe avarice of Balaam, file disobedience of Saul. And then this attempt to dissociate the Spirit from what is imperfect and defective is seen in another direction, for there is n^ sphere which has proved so tempting to the religious faddist as the sphere over which the Holy Spirit presides. Wis in fluence has been likened to one of those subtle agents whose action may be neutralised by a very small thing. A trifle light as air may prove the wick or snuff within the flame which doth abate it. The morbid sentiveness which we deprecate as pueril? in any friend is supposed to augment the lustre of the divine holiness. We are, it would seem, to play the spy npon ourselves, and with sharp detective eyes haunt that shadowed region where enmity sows the tiny seeds that wax to growths porientous. Now, if there is anything which is calculated to prove fatal to development and block every ayenue by which the Spirit can reach us, surely it is this being preoccupied with minute forms of budding perversity. Glue your eye to a microscope if you will, but know that you are blind and deaf to the music and glory of a whole astronomy of worlds. We happen to know something of the spiritual pretensions of those upon whom the Holy Spirit descended so marvellously at Pentecost. Liko ourselves, they were more than a little damaged. Oh! believe me, the Spirit comes to us, not because we are good, but to make 'us good. It is ntffc our lack of virtue but our lack of faith which obstructs His action. God will forgive anything, but our egotism, whatever directs attention, to self instead of fixing it upon Him, is a fatal perversion. The intellect is working at its highest when one is not sensible even ot the elementary act of breathing, and that is the moment of the soul's transfigurement, when with eye fixed on "the beatific vision one is not even conscious that he is a souL But now will you look with me at the specific work which the Spirit, according to prophetic announcement, was to accomplish. He shall convict the world of sin. said Christ. The great need of the world is an illuminating convincing energy in the region of conscience. Conscience has been ulled with opiates. It is an.age of anaesthetics, a bold attempt is being made to disprove the very existence of sin. To speak seriously of sin is to announce oneself hopelessly antiquated. Sin is an anachronism. To multitudes it is a word without significance. With monsters, and other extremes, it ought to be relegated to the msiseum/. In "Gulliver's Travels" you will recollect there was one island where he was wrecked, in which he found no word to denote lying. The four-footed inhabitants had never so much as heard of the vicp. When Gulliver taxed their credulity tbey could only apologise for their doubts by saying he spoke the thing that was not. vVhen we speak of sin we speak the thing that is not. Even so orthodox a theologian as ThomasAquinas 6aid, God created everything that exists, but sin is nothing, so God is not the author of it- And Robert Browning says amen to the angelical doctor, when he exclaims in one of the most powerful of his poems—"The evil is nought, is null, is silence implying sound." Another thought is that sin is somehow necessary. It is not the speck of decay which will vitiate the whole fruit, but a sourness on the way, to becoming sweet. We are all acquainted with the wild oats theory. One must sow, it would seem, a plentiful crop if he would have the granary of life piled with a rich harvest of virtue. It is unphilosophic, in short, to regard sin other than as an incident of development. And then why all this exasperation and fury. What has sin done for you tnat you should bear it so much ill-will? Good gracious! exclaims one. What would you ejentlemen who are preachers do if it were not for sin? You would be reduced to beggary-to-morrow if people became virtuous to-day. What a fine business is trajtsaeted in novels, bu: where would the novel be if it were not for the delicious intrigue of a shady kind? How the newspapers circulate by millions—is it not because they conduct the reader by the edge of the non-permissible andgivehim occasional peeps into the shuddering abyss: How fascinating is the stage, but the play would nauseate but for a certain spice of naughtiness, so piquant, so stimulating. It would be a sorry world indeed, a world yawning with boredom, if it were not for the glitter aad pomps of Satan. And then not satisfied with making a necessity of sin. S'in has undergone a kind of apotheosis — has been lifted from the mire ajid clay, and pedestalled in triumph, meta morphoscd into a veritable divinity. There is not a vice, there is not a crime, there is not an infamy but has been painted ani bedizened, its ugly features as by £n infernal magic glorified into dazzling seductiveness. This function of the Spirit, then, to convince of sin was never so imperative as today. And, notwithstanding what I have said to the contrary, I believe was never so energetically expressed. -There are many agencies contributing to impress upon mau the "imperial seriousness" of sin. We know with what severity, with what rdehtlesj fierceness shall I say. Nature visits even error. .Nature will not only not have us sin Nature will not have us make mistakes. Break any one of her laws, however inad vertently, however ignoranitl.v, and in vain shall you sue for nrercy. Science as the exponent oi Nature treats sin with beetwn ing gravity, lie doctrine of heredity which binds up the children in the fortunes and fatalities of the parents it has eloquemuy accentuated. That it will make all the difference to those who succeed us how we Ifve, even as we carry in our banes mementoes of the vices of out predecessors, ought to prove a mighty incentive to good, as it ought to prove a powerful deterrent from evil. Sin is a growing, accumulating, de ; vastating thing. This is what science proclaims with prophetic intensity. Philosophy again is pessimistic. Its note is the note of melancholy. You might suppose that the life-tree of humanity was doomed, its sap exhausted, its strength withered, its dead boughs ready to fall and crush the generations which are springing beneath its shadow. Literature in some of its aspects almost Dantesque in its gloom. There are poets, there are novelists, among us who see m to have caught the style of the old Hebrew prophets. Under all the variety of their representations, under every disguise of language, dialect, manner, eo-:- tume, the same human nature is easily id err tiiied by its unesoapable birthmark; the birthmark of sin. Society with its magistracy, its police, its dock, its criminal procedure, its formidable engine of criticisui and apprai semcnlt—public opinion. Society, however hollow its conventionalities, has something very decisive to say about sin. It can ire as pitiless and remorseless in its treatment of sin as Nature's self. Here then are mighty moral forces operating all the time with a consistency and an energy that is not to be disputed, omd can we suppose that the Holy Sipirit has nothing to do with these? Take those ancient religions which feed the spiritual life of countless myriads of our fellows—religions which are destined to be displaced, which are already bein-r supersede!, and in impressing the reality of sin have they derivied, do they derive 110 help, no countenance from Hwn who is the spirit ot conviotkm Are we to despise and utterly repudiate them as instrumentalities of dcrknesj There is the Church, and with its thousand thousand ministrations, it is keeping alive and active the sense of sin. Supposing to-morrow every Clburch door was closed, every prea^ner and misaoinary cashiered, every Sunday school and Chris .. ,.-, , .—-, r , tlaa Society disbanded, surroosmR that is t o aU the \- ^ p^'erfSiiifluenc^ h" th which ^e Churches are operating to restrain and prevent sin were 'suddenly volatilized to air, and men every- , ^ere were left to instinct, to taste, to the ! Private legislation of character, to be pub- ^ control of the State, is it possible to con- .ceive what a blow would be st uck at uniiversal morality, a blow from which it would ] Himself, whether He is independent of media, whether He can speak without words, and by a nay directed from TTi& own eternity illume the darkened conscience, is one of those psychological problems with which I must not be tempted. What we are witnessing is, as 1 lhave striven, to show, on tfihe one hand aji effort jo diminish tihe turpitude of ?an, to reduce an to insignificance, to ncltanyicsR, and oat tilt oiicr band asucSsFt. to.edabit-ail SI&JSMISHK.; ness and suWety and portentous magnitude and invincible mi^ht of sin; and this, as I have said, is the wort of the Holy Spirit. j . • fi k , ,, . tte ^rit n^ oiJy Is Hit not like I God Tto efface I Himself? | ""cult to oi to' be permitted Me expression, is not a po»Wjr of Station. ^ rattier to elude thanto^urt'us: not thrust tnrust Himself jmneeu upon upuu us, win will not con- vince us by ocular demonstrations. Jesus was not signally successful in getting Himself recognised. Nothing is more remarkable than the kind of impression which He n^de. It ^ inedible ^trfenshomd have so misknown so nu^concm-ed Him 1' leshand blood he protested imapable of penetrating the mystery of His Bsmg. K was a flash from Heaven which rent the veil in twain, benind which He stood coneealed. Circumstances are ever conspiring to envelop Christ in. a kind of haze, to wrap him away from the public vision, to preoccupy tbe mind of man with other interests, other passions. Many writers, says one, seem to take as much care to guard against the inroad of ideas from that solemn quarter, as the inhabitants of Hoiland do against the irruption of the sea, and their writings-do really form a kind of moral dyke against invasion from the other world. Some of the most popular of our men of genius have succeeded in skilfully "shelving" the Saviour. He might never have lived, never have suffered, never have died for anything that their brilliant pages divulge. They discuss the problem of evil with marvellous adroitness, quietly" ignoring the fact that Ms divining-rod has plumbed the darkest depths. They direct their telescopic thought to tfhe _ heaven where God is said to dwell, disdaining that fountain light of all our day. That master light of all our seeing. For them immortality is still a hypothesis, a grand perhaps, notwithstanding the best authenticated triumph of history which Caster proclaims with trumpet tongue. Where Christ is not ignored, his sole pre- eminence is resented as invidious. Christianity, according to Emerson, has fallen into the error that corrupts all attempts to communicate religion. It has dwelt, it dwells with noxious exaggeration, about the person of Christ. We are admonished not to degrade the life and dialogues of Christ by insulation and peculiarity. Emerson was one of those who set the vogue of classifying Jesus with other human notabilities. Caesar's head and Plato's brain, Lord Christ's heart and Shakspeare's strain—all are heaped together in. a vicious equalization. That Jesus bulks so largely is just simply an optical delusion. Even, among good Churchgoers there is just now an impatience of theology. Theology, we are told, is killing religion. James • Anthony Froude declared. that tbe word doctrine . always suggested quack medicine to him. Any attempt to rank Christ, to- invest Him with divine honours is snubbed even by famous preachers, and by quite "a. mobof gentlemen who write with ease. He shall testify of me, said Jesus. He shall glorify me. And is it not wonderful, is it not unique, the way in which Jesus has been impressed upon the mind of the age, notwithstanding all efforts to diminish and efface him? We have heard much of late that has brought the sacred documents into question. All manner of discrepancies have been alleged, all manner of exaggerations. Destructive criticism has asserted very loudly that the Gospels are irreconcil- able, and are encumbered with myth and legend. You will not thank me to perplex you by speaking about the harmonies of .the flin Gospel—"those n-imal inmniAlia ingenious and -lnfl mi puzzling -7-7llTI (T theological dissecting maps." What I desire to make clear is: That apart from the documents Christ is impressed upon the mind of the age, impressed upon all that is greatest and divipfast, ineffaceably impressed. The destruction of the documents, even could they be destroyed, would not involve Tfris destruction. He has. so entered into history, it is so distinctly, so unmistakeably. He who transcends in all that is lofty and majestieaL His cross, His passion, or .the indestructiblei!, verities of which these are the symbols are so homogenous with the structive of society and of the world, that to remove them would be to involve the whole stupendous fabric in ruins. The Holy Spirit, as predicted, has testified, and does - testify to Jesus. Thanks to His blessed ministry no century has so glorified the Saviour as the 19th century. He looms before the Christian consciousness with incomparable resplendency. He is the solution of all our problems individual, communal, and simply by following Him the vexed enigmas of the ages begin to unsnarl. We are of ten twitted with the divided state of Christendom. Christendom is it would seem, a huge mass of incoherent atoms, I afn not an apologist for the divisions which characterize Christendom. There are theories, sentiments, modes of activity with respect to wnich we cannot conceive that there should be perfect unity. But has it ever struck you that that Christendom which is so diverse in many things is singularly at one in the worship, the unaffected devotion and loyalty which it offers to our Lord. On the origin of evil, on the method of inspiration, on the doctrine of the life to come it permits a hundred views; but any attempt to dislodge Jesus from the place of absolute supremacy has for 18 centruies and more been steadily and successfully resisted. We are talking of the unity of Christendom—some imagine it a dream soon to be fulfilled—-but I do not see any chance of its being fulfilled on any basis <A independency or episcopacy. I 'hope, however, I am right when 1 say whatever may be the ecclesiastical affinities of men, whatever their views of the church, of the bible, of the ministry, of the sacraments, by all holding faithfully to their conception of the Christ, to their love of the Christ, to their service for the Christ, whether Methodist or Quaker, Catholic or Baptist, all will be brougut together into that spiritual unity which will make for the perfecting of Humanity. Is not this the supreme, the crowning office of the Holy Spirit, the perfecting ot humanity? Everything exists for this, everything contributes to this. The more spiritual interpreters of nature declare that ail her evolutionary processes during ages upon ages have steadily kept this end in view. To flower at last into consummate humanity has been the object of her innumerable sowings and plantings. At the apex of tJhe slowljr forming pyramid which rears itself augustly amid the shifting sands of time, stands superb and indestructible a glorified humanity. All the forces of redemption concentrate here, they are instrumental ' not final, means to an end, not themselves an end. rheir object being to mould this human clay, to impress it with ineffable lineaments, to impregnate it with a soul that shall flush the marble into life, to dower it with attributes by which the spiritual shall dominate all tliat thwarts and impedes—yea, win what is contumacious and rebellious as the vassals of its will. One has nothing to say against institutions, offices, functions, they are valuable in their way, they facilitate matters, but they should be understood as so much machinery, and as strictly prospective. I admire organizations, I stand in awe of committees, I never see an official, even although he be an inspector of nuisances, but 1 feel more comfortable when I have put a safe distance between us. One never knows what might happen. But of this I am certain, and even my profound respect for whatever is official and legitimately constituted, shall not hinder my saying it. Of this I am certain, the world is not to be regenerated by any quantity of red tapism. Let ns have new franchises, new political arrangements, new and better legislation, let our policies, our church governments be purer and purer, with less and less of alloy, but after all, the most perfected machinery is nothing but machinery, and is to be appraised inexorably r from the point of view of utility. If I were convinced that episcopacy was better adapted to the making of men than independency I should have no scrapie whatever in abandoning independency. I cannot worship any system. I have one questian to ask of any system—what sort of a man does it turn out? What is his stature? What his weight, adjudged by Divinest standards? The great work of the Spirit is the making of men not systems. Some of the most beautiful and intrepid souls have come from the Society of Friends. Well, there is not much system about that society. The men who have done most for the world, the men who have been most conspicuously imbued with the Holy Spirit can scarcely be described as strict churchmen. John Wesley was not a strict churchman, Martin Luther was not a strict churchman, Moody was not a strict church - man, Charles Spurgeon was oot a strict churchman. The first Apostles when thev started out on their mission were flames of fire, they set the world in a blaze, but you cannot aav, if you have any sense of the situation, that they were men with an elaborate church constitution at their back and equipped thoroughly with theological" subtleties Ah! they were without diplomacy, without prestige of any kind It -- scandalous m one sense how ill prepared they were, but they succeeded marveUiuslv a who the ? anointing of the. Holy Spirit of God. Th^reis noso mightily influential ^ i ^ ir i. manll0 ° d . and this is the s Pecial wort, the special triumph of the Spirit, to take ns weak as we are, sinful and miser 35 W % are ' make us good, and make us effective for goodness. Here and tbe I dynamics by which the world IB to be engineered out of the present I have spoken to you of the. work of tbe Spirit. Arc not the words significant? The Holy Spirit is not quiescent, but active, incessantly active. Do we sufficiently ieco<*- ^ ife activity y Bo we sufficiently recog- \- i^L -..ot t a Vdanger d ^ e just r ^ X I T I C O F ^ ^ F T S S 1 ^ S t'^r"of Twork in which'Ue" his nTnart- ^£ e r nevolcDt indulgent sne^tor nof ovnr ^ e j a ^ M u P°.j n „„_ n,ij ' rn i: +n„ _ ^ ..' -r . ^ " pages have not throbbed from cover to /i cover with the tremendous pulse of the activity of God. The Bible ]s Jjve live D00Kj book, vual vital throughout. ^ nothiig so much as wifh the !letiritv (j^. Whatever may be our view 0' f itwas intenssfv Biblical in this re5peefc it thrilled and pulsated with rhe se^ of sovereign activity of God. Jlere l a,. its vigour aaid its unrivalled 1 3Ucoess_ Now. ^ I have said, ours is an : active age. Never in the history of man- , kind was there so much activity of a : spiritual kind. We are impatient and a little contemptuous of aay faith which savs and does not. The most popular religious movements of the hour heap the emphasis upon service. The rage just now is for fierviee-^universal service. We are confronted by <l-he not uninteresting bub sea rosily ddgmfied spectacle of baby philanthropists and small boy evain^elxsts. Everybody must be doing something. What he does, how he does it. The animating,. controlling spirit is not supposed to be-of moment. We are in danger, it seems to me, of mistaking activity for life, whereas activity is simply a mamSfestartoon of life. There may be, there often is, a fulness of life where there is little activity. Christ was never so much alive, never so wholly divine, as when He hungraerishing on thie Cross. Derision 63id—Let Him come down from the Cross, let Him work a miracle, let B5m act. He was working the one transcendent miracle of the ages by refusing to aot. What them do I counsel— a policy of inaction? Need that question be asked? Whai I suggest is—there must be something defective in the prodigious stir which is being made, seeing mtle permanent fruit is the result. Are ihe churches making definite headway? Are they encroaching upon the dominion of sm: Are thev perceptibly diminishing the forces <tf evit? I doubt it. Evil doesn't cease to be; doesn't change its nafctme; ft only changes its form. The vices which nat is were never so subtle and so irnmval as to-day. We succeed in driving tensptaiam out by the front door—it creeps in at thie back. Satan meefts ns, horns, boot and tasl complete. and we resist, and he flees_away; fat it is to return smiling and pertnmed, in irmnacuiate evening dress, and wgfch a ravishing accent that disarms • •snspwgreu As the foroes of evil amndy change their form, so the forces of good. ^ "fte latest novelty, whatever it may be imk is eamg to bony ni> tbe imfenniian, has JJ^ 1*^ the place oTebmethuig else. Aflood toe has caused a drought some other where. My contention is there hasnot beenapoative augmenting fcaoe. Our arbvalacB have been widened, tbey lave mot been deepened. What we base gained m pnofiMe^ we have in energy, in fineness. .! read the other day in a fittte book tbis 8Mttence—"If an i™™^™^ surface of bitberto arid territory is to be irrigated and, its desolation turned to fnntfukuags the. fountains tjbemseives mnsfc be deepened. The impulse must cather force with the increasing volume of activity." -Now, wtet. to na is tihe fountain of inapirataon? The tUgy Spirit. From whence may we derive , tae migbtv impulse that Aall .give an increased impetus to all our endeavours? From the Holy Spirit. For my part I do aot for a moment Question the eupemoruty of good over evil." The good must conquer—brinj good and evil into .fair competntaon, aaul the evil must go nnder. D&riaKSS; cannot Stand before light. It da^erse^ it flies But we most do our utmost to secure for good what I will call its own essential spirit. It is the .possession .of the spdrit of a thing, of anything, winch usures its effectiveness. It is not having abig brain and competent teachers, and rall the ajv Earatus of learning,; which wall make one a learned mam. No,'it is hawing the spant of learning. The reason why one man succeeds in business with very few advantages where another who has immense advantage fails utterly, is—One has the epimit of business. the other has rnto. Jit is so with resnect to art, with respect' to science. He who masters the infinitely complex and difficult thing we name science is due mail who has the scientific spirit, and it we are to piakp Jesus triumphant everywhere, it must be, it can be, only by our being possessed and swayed by the spirit ot Jesus. This is the Divine boon which we should covet, for which we should pray. It is not what we do. What we do may be a hindering and frustrating—not what we do, but what the Spirit does through us and by means of ns that is effective. In a refflOMii*- Headdress of Dr, Dale, to which I have alluded, there is a passage whidi excited no little criticism, and which his biographer was astonished should have been so misinteroreted. "The modem Ghnreh says Dr Dale "scatters its labourers and its . literature broadcast through the worl<L While it maintains a vast organization ot official workers, it strenuously asserts the necessity of individual effort, demanding that every Christian man shall take his part in the great enterprise of seeking and saving the lost. The duty is confessed even when it is not discharged. And yet in the New Testament it is difficult to discover any direct precept in -which this obligation is imposd on all Christian men. How can we account for an omission that cannot be accidental? How explain a Hilenceso startling? The explanation is simple. We ought to do our utmost to save men from sm and eternal death; but if we attempt "to save them only because we ought, we shall most certainly fail" Of course, Dr. Dale is not denying our personal responsibility for the salvation of others, and had no intention of deadening tie -conscience to this supreme duty. He was simply insisting that all our efforts will be unavailing unless seconded by the presence and energy of the Holy Spirit. Which of us has not made this wholesome discovery times out of number? How Genius will sit awkward and embar. rassed, unable to compose a line:, unable , to select a word, until tonched by the divine afflatus. Need I add one may be touched by the divine afflatus and yet leave unexecuted and unattempted the work which he is very well able to do. The Holy Sgjrit is. ever brooding us, wistfully brooding us; unspeakable treasure is hidden under His wings. He induces in us occasional elevated moods; vivid impressions are flashed from Him. There is a height of holiness which attracts a ministry of power, which importunes. Yes, we have our lofty, gifted moments, luminous, intense, when the dull dream of sense and custom vanishes, and we stand on the brink of worlds unrealized, but instead of following the gleam, we subside into ourselves, and are again the creatures of circumstance. How impressive are the words "Quench not the Spirit." The secret of our ineptness, our unfruitfulness, hes there. We quench the Spirit. We do not suffer the Spirit to have His way with ns. We do not foster the spark which He kindles within, but extinguish it with the fretful breathings of our selfwill, our self seeking. Let us but surrender ourselves and what opportunities await us—what sense of power, instinct of mastery, what confidence, what exultation. The most munificent and splendid 20th century gift which could possibly be ours as Churches and individuals is not silver and gold, but the unimpeded working of the Spirit through lives consecrated to His action. 