A GREAT WRONG ; OB, THE MYSTEJIY Of BIsJLCK UOttOW G2&JTGXL; \- . CHAPTER X — (CoNTHfUED.) Ignore drew.back with a stifled cry, half suffocated oj tbe foul air that came rushing ap. " An ugly sort oE place, my dear," pro ceeded Sir Geoffrey, as he replaced the panel, and rou hare not seen the worst of it. It is an old dungeon in which tbe border chiefs ased to bury their criminals when they were doomed to death by starvation. There are : dead men's ghosts, and ottier loathsome things down there, Miss Trcvethon ! Such a place wonld not suit a dainty lady like yon, who has been used to satin-hong boudoirs, eu, my dear J" The revolt n? picture he had dram made Leii ore shudder. While my son and bis supposed bride, n be continued, " will be on their bridal tour, yon. my dear, will be there, where the dead men's bones mould. r, dyii g a living death." i lie giiTe lips quit'cri-d p;i'jfjllr, and a deadly faintness crept over hrr, but her g-orious eyes fctill flashed indignantly- In the face of the merciless guardian who held her lilt in hisbaudr, in tbe face of his son, wa'.chiv.g her with evil exultation, in the face ol this horrible ucatb he bad threatened, she ; did not quail. 1 sa;» nothing, only what I have already i id, S r GeOiTiey," was her quiet answer. Tnv baronet chuckled incredulously. u A lift- of luxury aud picas vre, as my son1! wife, Is cenain!y preferable to bein buried a.ive, my dear, and. you are too eeu&ibie; a . Air.« jto.&fiSZ; ,.f yr J ft flf8 TTif i " f FtGvih"£lmT and let the mnmq. e proceed. Once his wife, of course, you give your word to keep silent touching to-night's adventures, and not another thing is required of you. If you and y.-sur bridegroom do not happen to find you:- oivee very much in love aitcr marriage, yon v. ill not be forced to bill and coo. Vou may Ett up separate establishments if yon like, follow your own wills, and please yourselves as you fancy your fortune will warrant it." Onrc mere tbe waiting bridegroom ad vanced to take his bride's band. She turned upon him with haughty indig nation. .i i had ever dreamed of obeying my pooT f.tt nc r's will, if I bad ever thought of becom- i::- your wife, do you think I would do so now 1" she cried. I now know you both ta you are, father and son, a pair of mur- n- rers ! I say again, as 1 said before, there is some mistake You are not of the Trevcthon race." Sir Geoffrey, gnashing his teeth in his finger, drew a dagger from his breast, and Hashed it before her eyes. Silence t" he thundered, " or I'll drive It hilt deep into your heart," Sue cinied his grasp and darted across the room, tore aside the tattered curtain, and shivered the glass in the window with a gi;:s!c blow of her dainty hand. 41 Murder Jmnrder 1" she cried, her voice ringing like a silvez trumpet above the clamor of the storm. The baronet and bis son both burst into mocking laughter. You may shout yourself hoarse," said ber guardian, " but no one will hear you. Do not forget, Miss Txevethon, that you are in the Haunted Manor 1" The girl shuddered from head to foot, but she put her face to the broken pane and c: e-i out again 41 Murder 3 Murder P Sir Geoffrey 6trodc across the room and clutched ber arm. "uonie, wc nave naa enougn oi mis, ne f-.hi, his face working with auger, his cruel fhigers impressing themselves upon ber arm. " Lcnoie Treretbou, for tbe last time I ask you, will you marry my son?" ' I will not," was ber unhesitating answer. CHAPTER XI. A "WILD WEDDIKG-KIGIIT. A wild night shuttingdown upon Hie Scot- lish bills, and it is Ambrose Gerthart's wed ding night. He stands in the door-way of bis father's bf-use, arrayed in bis holiday garments— a fall, handsome vouth, with an eye like an ' n A.«».i»iy jsr .p. pwvio., is the son of faamble parents, file mother comes forward, with his heavy coat in her bands. " It is high time you were off, my son,"sbe says. " The dark comes swift these winter evenings, and the walk yoa hare before yon is long and dreary. So get thee gone, Am brose ; it won't do to keep the tittle babel waiting on her wedding-night." She is, or has been, a handsome woman in her time, this mother of the tall young monctaioeer. She is tali and etraight as a dart, with sloe-black eyes, and cheeks which even yet retain some little of their youthful bloom. Her husband, Donald Gerhart, has led a seafaring life ever since their marriage, and Ambrose and bis mother have been left a great deal to themselves, and are very teuderly attached to each other. Never bat once has tbe mother been parted from bex boy, and that was when he made a voyage to tbe Spitz'oergen coast with his lather. She looks at him now with a cations mix ture of tenderness and regret in ber dark eyes. "To-morrow he is to bring borne his bride; and she takes him in her arms and kisses him tenderly, her dark eyes running over with tears. Ambrose gives her a hearty welcome in re turn. "Good-by, mother. Heaven keep you safe until my return." He departs, and his mother stands in tbe door-way and watches him ont of sight. My brave lad," (be mutes, a cations, wist ful look in-her eyes ; " handsome enough to be the king's son and wed with a princess. Bat Isabel's a bonny lass, and she'll bring him a snug tittle dowry, and he'll ba happy and prosperous. I could not part from him nuir. ore is uibcouienteu as is is, ont 11 no knew his history he'd leave me and go roving to the ends of the earth ; and what wonld Donald say, after sailing the seas for a score of years, and hoarding gold for his only son! Nay, nay 1" throwing up her bands with an impassionate gesture, " I cauaot tell now ; 1 never can tell him. I've locked the secretin my heart, and I'll carry it with me to my grave." The. night fell swiftly, and the storm gathered fury with every passing minute. The mother and father, the latter having ; returned soon after tbe departure of Ambrose, sat before their blazing hearth and heard the wild riot of the blast. " Tis a bitter night, Donald," said the wife, addressing her bronzed and deep- chested h usband, " I trust the lad will reach Jreliside.all safe. If he had only taken tbe ; conre'aiohgT'" ; > \- .' Donald laughs derislvdy, as he riibstus hands together over tbe blaze. ."As if the lad needed the collie, wife ? Yon think him a boy yet J Why, Ambrose could find his way blindfold, though the drifts be neck-deep. Never worry for bim. He's safe at the FcJlside by this time, and will soon be Isabel's husband." But at that self-same moment Ambrose stood panting and irresolute at tbe foot of a great snow clad peak. Surely he had lost his war, albeit he had roamed for years amid these wild Highland bills. He paused and looked about him With be wildered eyes. The snow descended in swift whiiling masses that almost took away his breath. There could be no doubt about it ; he A lost his way ! He should be down in the sheltered valley, and here he was climbing smid the storm shaken hills. He must have been bewitched or bewildered, he thought, to have lost so unaccountably. his way; he who had trod these bill-paths "from his . boyhood; he who had been in the habit of crossing. these same wild moors every Saturday night, on his way to tbe Fellside farm 1 Standing amid the white, swirling drifts, with the thunder of the blast in iris ease, in maginstiou he picti red the gay company gathering at the Fellaide, and saw Isabel, In her white wedding robes, awaiting his coming. He had never been over anxious in regard to ibis marriage, though he was fond enough cf Isabel. Tue match was of his good mother's planning. . Ambrose wonld never have dreamed of matrimony of his own will ; bis desires and aspirations ran in quite a dif ferent way. From a lad he had been discon tented, and longed to seek fame and fortune in foreign lands, l'locks and herds, and "gold and siller" failed to satisy his long- 1 ings ; bat bis Toother's persuasions had kept him t the Highland home, and it was through her that he was ever brought to make love to Isabel and consent to a marriage with her, the prettiest lass In the country. As be thought of his bride awaiting him, he determined to strain every nerve, risk every danger, to reach the Feilsuiefarin in time. He started on a a;n at a brisk pace. A great-, gusty drift drove him hack ; hut he wes on his feet aijnJn in an .iiutaot, and on bis way;- he was resolved not to keep his bride and her 'wedding-gucsta wait ing. But the darkness deepened and tbe snow shut him in like a win.iing sheet, lic-pauscd a second time, and strained ins eyes to pierce the gloom. lie could ioit make out the dark hill-line beyond which was i»i.ack Hollow Grange, He had wandered miles out of his way, for the Fcliside farm ncsllud in a shel tered valley far below. He T-nmel to retrace his steps, when a glimmering li?ht came before his eye. It Hdcntly gleamed from the window of the H -unted Manor. Ambrose stood and looked at it with bated oreath and dis-etided eyes. For yeats he ha ! tr <d these mmntaiu par.ua, and pever before nidhesccn a light in that abandoned aud accursed dweilim;. What did it mean? It was an old, old place, this High- owls, and ghosts, too, tbe 6imple hill-folk'" averred. Human creaturce shudder as they passed its ponderous gates, and few dared set foot in its mouldering halls. Be stood there, and a great owl fluttering down tbe 6tair-way frightened him , hero as he was, well- nigh out of his senses He thought of It now, and of the old stories he bad beard from niello of the Highland dames, as he fixed Lis c-\cs upon tbe glim mering light, aud wondered if tbe murdered ledy bad come out of her grave to visit tbe manor ibis stormy night. llut there was a little superstition in his nature, and he drew a deep breath and started on agsia, fancying that he was going toward tbe valley. But that twinkling light in tbe window of tbe Haunted Manor seemed to draw him upward with a strange power. For bis life he could not keep his eyes from it. as he slowly struggled through the blind ing snow. At last he fell, faint and breathless, and he rashly resolved to rest for a few mo ments. Gradually tbe white drifts covered him like a winding-sheet. A sweet, luring forgetfulness slowly' 6tole ever him, and his eyes closed. . Suddenly realising that to sleep was todle, he struggled to his feet. He stumbled on again, that glimmering light before his eyes It was close at hand now and danced as 'he was, he fancied he was ncaring tbe Fellside farm, and saw the light shining from his bride's window. He staggered on, with a glad cry, until he fell again, his strength utterly gone. As be dropped upon the enow he clutched at Borne white, spectral itbing which rose above tbe drifts. Acbili of horror passed through him. He srtuggied to his feet, still clasping the spectral thing, and glaring about him with dilated eyes. To his amazement be realises that his footsteps have led bim to tbe 6bunned precincts of the Black Hollow ; and a cbill of horror creeps through his veins as he discovers that he stands beside the stone cross above the murdered lady's grave. A hoarse cry breaks from bis lips. He relaxes his grasp of the ice-cold grave-stone, and falls face downward in the snow. How long he lies there he never knowB. A shrill cry of agony brings him to his senses — a woman's cry. "Murder I Murder 1" Ambrose grins his feet, new life running through bis chilled veins. The yellow light twinkles in plain view, and he makes his way toward it He crosses the Black Hollow, climbs the snowy steep, and d&sbes; through the open jthe ..wida The old manor Vobmanp fluftincUyTiefore himiall its tarref and chimneys darkly defined in the whirling snow. " Murder 1 Murder 1" Again that awful cry, shrill and wild, above the clamor of tbe stonn . He looks np, and at the lighted window he sees a face. Only for an instant, but in that instant be recognises it as the face that has haunted his dreams since the bonrbe saw it in the moonlit valley below. White and wild with mortal agony and terror, it flashes upon bim for a moment ; in the next it is gone, and the yellow iightsuddehly dis appears. A great throe of pain and rapture stirs his breast. Through the drifts he dashes on. He will save her, or die in the attempt. He reaches the terrace, and gropes along to the front entrance. The door swings on its hinges, and he dashes into tbe wide, windy halL A blast like the breath of the grave meets him, chilling tbe blood jn bis veins. But he does not pause. He rushes on, and his band is on the raiting of the black stair- way, when a last cry breaks the silence — a cry so piteous, so imploring, so full of mortal terror and agony, that it brings an answer from his lips. Shooting nntil tbe vaulted arches ring with tbe echo of his voice, he goes leaping np the stain ; but ere be reaches the first landing something clutches him a strong hand grapples bis throat; a swift, sharp blade pierces him, and he is hurled headlong down tbe broad steps. Hardly aware of the extent of his injury, but conscious of bis fast waning strength, he struggles to hie feet and staggers aro ni, Fpr only a few minutes he is able to keep his feet, and then he drops unconscious in tbe snow. CHAPTER XIL " THEBE'S HAST A SLIP 'TWIXT THE CUP AXD THE LIP." The old Fellside farm-houBe gleams with rnddy lights and tings with merriment. Great fires roar in every chimney, the old- fashioned halls glow with warmth and com fort, and down the length of the oaken dining-room a long table extends, White with bomespnn damask, and all a-glitter with quaint china and silver, and laden with the tempting array of edibles. In the main room tbe wedding guests are momentarily assembling, and in his arm chair, on the tight side of the blazing beartb, sits Squire Melville, master of the _F«dt«de1farm,md father nf lie bride, .. j,.- Tretiy.ijdoveTeyea isabel, the yonnBesV: borh, and "Idof of ber fatherV heart, is 'Inl! her chamber, being arrayed for her mar-' ciage. Tlie old Stan, sitting in his cosy comer, hears the patter of her light feet overhead, and a smile lights his round, rubicund face. How pretty she will look, he thinks, when the comes down in her white wedding robes. He lias expended a round little sum ou her outfit, just to please her, the vain, childish thing, for he could well afford it, and Isabel < was the apple of his eye. She was a babe when, he buried ber pretty young mother Deseath the moorland grasses, 'and he has reared her through all the years of her youug life in his very bosom, so to speak. And ihe is such a beauty, and so fond of pretty finery. Hence Aland, her elder sister, was sent to : Edinburgh to purchase an' unexceptionable trousseau to please little' Isabel, and to' reward her, in a measare.iar being a good: obedient child. and accepting tbe husband of berfather's choosing. For be it known, Ambrose Gerhart was not Hie little moorland belle's sole lover,' She had them 'by dozens, -great, honest,' lumbering fellows, .who worshipped' the very sod pressed by her dainty feet, and for .hot one -of . whom the Utile conueU caredafig. But there was one, a young Englishman of whom she had grown very fund. He was down at his father's shooting-box for the summer months, and chance drew him to the Fellside - farm. A handsome, scholarly, thoroughbred gentleman was Arthir Mar lowe, Bir Hereford Marlowe's only son and heir, a born aristocrat, with some cf ihe bluest of British blood in bis veins, r.ud a rent-roll large enough to satisfy a prince.- Moreover, he was the betrothed lcvei and elected husband of Lady Biauca Dris- col. The engagement was of long standing ; <1 eort of family arrangement, in which the young heir expectant had no say whatever, but was called upon to obey the will and wish of his seniors. Hitherto, he had shown no unwillinga-ss to obey, and had rendered a sort of passive homage to the patrician face of Lady Bianca, heiress in her own right to a fortune of some twenty thousand pounds p:r annum. No small consideration truly, and Sir Hereford, a man of inordinate pride and ambition, entered into the negotiations touching tbe alliance, and bad the pre liminaries all arranged long before his son attained his majority. Tbe Lady Bianca wore a sparkling en gagement ring on her slim, white finger, and was haughty and dignified, as became a ' peeress of her standing, her mind chiefly intent upon the. acquisition of accomplish ments requisite for the high station she was destined to fill. Meanwhile, younz Arthur went through his university course at "Oxford, and one autumn day fate took him to the Highlands, aud the Fellside farm. He met little Isabel, and straightway did what be had never dreamed of doing before, aiSanced as he was, fell In love. Tbe details are always the same tire world over, with a little more or less romance, hence it will suffice to say that Arthur met tlie little mooriand beauty, and loved her madly from the first. a Sweee, dove-like little thing, all heart to the tips of her pretty, dimpled fingers ; and the young Englishman was a bold and resolute wooer. When he asked her to be his own, forget ful, in the romance of bis delirious dreams, of those other chains that bound him, Isabel drooped her dove eyes and bid her blushing cheek upon bis shoulder, and answered "Yes." But it turned out that tbe master of Fell side farm was made or sterucr stuff tban liis pretty daughter, and when the baronet's son sought him a little later and re quested his sanction to the engagement, he received for answer a prompt denial. " No, sir. What do you take me for, demanding my daughter's band in this off- hand manner, nnd you a lad barely out ol knee-breeches I" "I — I — am one-and-twenty," fallen Arthur, " and I love yonr daughter, sir, and She lores me 1" Tbe farmer's stern face softened. "She does, cii? the little fool. Well young man, I've no fault to find with you aud I don't care to make my little girl un happy. She is as good as sbe is pretty, and worthy to be the wife of the best man in England ; but there's a difference, you see, betwixt your family and mine. Turn father is Sir Hereford Marlowe, Baronet and I am plain Hugh Melville of Fellside farm ; not that I think myself one whit the worse for it, you understand. But I nevei did believe in mating sparrow-hawks with robins. No good ever comes of it ; aud I've excellent prospects for Isabel. She can wed with one of the worthiest lads in the land, and some day she'll say the word. But like enough, she won't say it, now that you're turned her silly brain with your nonsense." \- She never will, air," put in tbe baronet'i taa, indignantly. " She has given me her promise never to marry any uian except my ielt I" Fudge 1 What does her promise amount o, or yours either, for that matter," laughec -tire farmer. "Both of you are too youn; to know your own minds. And let me tell rou, sir, my little girl, pretty as she is, won't iuit yon. You'll come into your title by and by. Yon should marry some stately lady raited to your position. Wb&t; will my tittle Isabel do in yonr grand bouse, amid 11 your lords and ladies I Why she'd droop aud fade like a mountain pink shut up in s hot-house; and in 6ix months' time you'd feel ashamed of her, and regret your mar riage. " No sir. never! .1 love her Zoo well fa, that," cried the young lover, excitedly. "No daughter of mine Bball ever entei any family uninvited," the old man con tinued. " I'll tell you what I'll agree to Let your father, Sir Hereford Marlowe, send me a line, stating that he is willing that his son and heir shall wed my daugbtej and then, sir, if after twelve months' proba tion, you and the lass still keep the same mind, you may marry as soon as you please. Now, that's fair enough, isn't it J" ; Arthur's countenance falls, and he seeki babel, and complains sorely of ber father's bard decree. But in the end he is forced to submit ; for when once his mind is made up the farmer is as immovable as one of the great oaks that flank his green meadows. Ths young man, however, is madly in love rod bent upon having the moorland beauty for his wife. He makes a flying visit to the races tral mansion, Marlowe Hall ; seeks an interview with Sir Hereford, and with great trepidation and hesitation gets bim to under stand the nature of his wishes. "You wish to break your engagement with Lady Bianca Driscol, and marry the daugh ter of b Scottish farmer f" Arthur bows, his heart beating too rapidly "0 admit of words. The old baronet lays zside his gold spectacles, and taps his jewel. .ed snuff-bax with high bred composure. " Very well, 6ir," he answers deliberately, jut with an ominous gleam in his eye ; "you jome of age next week, and can then do as rou like,' Break with Lady Bianca and marry this girl if yon see fit ; but remember, lir," and he strikes the table with a force -hat makes the young man jump in his seat, ' the day and hour you do it I cast you off ior all time! I have the power to do it, you enow- The bare title will be yonrs at my leath; bat not one rood of tbe Marlowe oa, not one smiling oi tbeMftriowe income a entailed. A word of mine can cat yon ofl i beggar, and by Heaven, sir, the hour you weak your engagement a beggar yon shall re, and my. curse shall follow you till my ijiug day. There, sir, you have my an twer ; and since you request it, I'll send it iver to yonr Spotch farmer by the nex' post-" Sir Herefoed -aeeps ' bis word, TVben Arthur again visits the Fellside farm, which he does with all possible haste, he finds that his father's letter is ahead of bim. Maud 'sabel's eldest sister, meets him, and ushera )im into the best room, where the squire re -fives bim. ' I have received your father's reply, sir,1 the offended farmer begins at once, "and no words are needed between us. If you are a man .of honor you will .leave my bouse "? Arthur tries to expostulate, but the squire whose pride is sorely hurt, cuts bim short ; and be departs without one glimpse of his charmer, and feeling like one stunned in hi' misery. He retains to Oxford and to his books angrily determined to forget; but he finds if Impossible, (To It continued. A lecturer once prefaced his discourse upon the rhinoceros with — " I must beg you to give me your undivided attention. Indeed it is absolutely impossible that you Can form a true idea of the hideous animal of which we ar- about to speak, unless , you keep your eyes fixed upon me." . YoungHnshand : ' is just a week to-day fance we were - married, my dear Lisette." '"Young Wife:. "Ahi what a memory van have, darljng J" y y-u s At the Mjtiiner'e.-hop assistant (to domes tic Eervant); ".Here is a very good .material. | Your mistress bought some yesterday. Sere vant : " I (lout tike it. Have yon notjom- thing better— a tittie more expensive?" It did not eome off. — Nephew (hard up) 1 ' "X dreamt the other night, uncle, that yoa lent me ad-ver." Uncle: " All right von toB keep it, I had foigotten all about it,V 