L.ocal Jottings, , I ' leeth extracted, Is ; painless, 2s (3d. E. P. Solomon, Dentist, Arthur- street.*' A meeting of tho General Gommitteo of the Wellington P and Society ' will bo held in the Council Chambers on + Wednes day, May 16th, at, 7.30 p.m. ? There, is a lot 'of important'ftusiii'es's' to transact.,' 5 The Progress Committeo meets in the Council Chambers to-nii'lit. .. . IVook', you ciiiv get six photos for 2s Gd with four poses of tlie faccov 18'for ~-s at Nicholas' Lee-street ? ?PfovloVsSliidio~novolty.*' ' 'VB' '? vt ? , ' In iSfM-- thete -vei'e '.tipaVlV '02 ' 'million sheep in Now. .Hou.tji (.Wnles.' In 1899 the numbey was -J.Oi' millions, showing a decreasb . of. 25^ .rnillioiisr . 6nly about per. cent. of. tho sheep of this colony aro -long- woollcd or ?cross-bred, ? For Children's Hacking Cough' lit' night Woods'' Great Peppermint Cure. Is (id.* ? The monthly meeting of the Hospital Committee will be hold to-morrow night at 7.30 in; the Council Chambera... - The solo agont in the Wellington district for tho famous A.C.B.- brand of spoctaclos is J. W. Mae shall in Percy-street, whp test? sight freo/* Tho gato receipts at the. Dubbo Show amounted to_ £434?, against' £37I '5s last year. ' ; ' ' ; .. y'. .Gibbsand Morau, practical tailors^, Percy ?street, next Mrs. J. C.on'ngllyfs, Eashion, l;15t,. und-.iiuish guaranteed.* Mi;.; John Connelly has . sold^ms- trotting mare Irene/' S years old, to. Mr. A. ^}. Anderson, late of Curra. -Creelf; :.at'{i satis factory, prico, Tho maro was fleatddown to Sydney; on Friday night'. . ; ' . A.fat bullock strdlled-alorig Warne-street on Saturday,- in a coritemplai.i-vo imood,: and when it reached the Baud -H^ll; quietly leaned up against the building, gazed vacant ly at the Bky.and the surroundings, and then, being tired of the prospect, andcthe bovine joys of this world, gave up the ghost. ' 1 For Chronic Chest Complaints Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. Is 6d'.# - The usual supplies of. blankets for the blacks at the Mission Station and-Obley will be distributed next week. The committee of the Winter Dance Club will probably meet at a very early date t» arrange for the usual serjes vpf dances this season. . , . . . For first-class jewellery, at reasonable prices, and for watch, clock, and jewellery repairs, well exe cuted, try J. W; Maksaall.* Mr. James Niven, of Pine Ridge, bought 100 fat bullocks at the House sale. .. The sum of '£15 was collected in Mudgee a week ago, by Messrs. Brewer and Mills, for Mr. T. Mark well, of Wellington, who ?Ip/9tv hia iand in a' chaff-ciftteii fcbfcie . tim.e, back. . . ' ' The stock' at' prdselit on ' Cobbora' arp? to :be s61d -'-iiJ the : 29tb: '&n;'d ; 30th of this :.mpntby estete ,of--.tiba lat^iG. Rouse, by Messrs. McEwen and Cox', of Mudgee. There are some; pure- bred Durham cattle, blood and draught horses, and sheep. There is-aivold saying, 'tis hard to refute,' If you wish for dry foet, you must -have a good boot.' As the winter is here, with its rain and its frost, Keep your feet dry at a minimum cost. ' A fact you can easily put to the test, Is Schipp's priccs are lowest, his boots are the best. To secure such 'a boon, juBt- give him a call, In Percy-street,' opposite Protestant Hall.* . Upwards of 10,000 sheep, will be yarded at Mr. James NiVen 's sale at Pine Ridge, Gulgong, on June 6th. Dealers in Skins and Hides and other produce, to. whom tho. last fraction of price is important, should consign tlieir stuff to Wincliconibe,. tj^rson & C0.7 Ltd., Sydney, to be realised., The' directors of this firin- attend their sales personally and nothing short of the, last fraction in price, will satisfythem.* Messrs. Bluhden4 Bros, sold .a Ly nionths' old ewe lamb, Svliieh ' t'ook'S first* priise at tho recent show, to Mr. John J^funro, of Curra Creek, for 35,guineas. ; : i iin For Bronchial Coughs take Woods' Great Pepper mine Cure. Is 6d.* ?- . ? ...... .We have it on good authority that a Mudgee journalist of, high repute 'intends contesting the;Wellington electoi'ate at the next election. ' Woods' Great Peppermint 'Cure for Coughsand Colds never fails. Is 6d.* We are informed that Mrs. S. H. Dawson, who has been one of the foremost workers in the new hospital movement, has taken in hand the collection of the £10 donations promised towards the fund when the idea was first mooted. For voluntarily under taking the duty Mrs. Dawson will earn the warm thanks of those interested. Mr. Haynes, member for the district, Writes^-. to -.:ther Secretary- -of- ^the Progress Cotomi'tteS1 that ;'t'h^;\^l;k^-'Deg?rtipent'is | ing the' present Bell River iBridge at the foot-of- Frazer's' Lane or the erection of a new one, Mr. Haynes states that one or the' btliei' will be done. Amongst the awards iu ,ihe poultry section at the- recent show' - was a highly commended given to an; iorpington cockerel, the entry of Mr. John Connelly. The bird is only six months old and is, one of a very fine lot of ' the same breed- reared by. Mr. Connelly. Hens from the same setting aro new laying woll, are well ,-Jgveloped and plumaged, and, besides . being of a breed which lays :well throughout the winter, are splendid table .birds: Mr. ,p.; -G. Scott obtained second, in. the same class, and took first in' the 'buff ' orp'fngtbn dockerels and hens. . Mr. A. E. Anderson,- lftte-.of Murrum- bong.i?' Estate, Cui'ta Greek, ' was up here: last Friday on a visit; He ldbks really well, and seemed pleased 'to meet his many 'Wellington frien^agaiii. , J ^ ' Messrs, J. and' Wf PferkMsSii'* of ' Spring* vale' and ' Ben Buckley,' were in town on Friday apd Saturday morifing. They aro becoming- more to be/recognised as residents of tbe Wellington district every day, as* their extensive purchases gradually bring them more ;in' j-.olich -vith ,uff. Both are enterprising and shrewd business men of the kind that will help on the district's advancement. : Tlie- Bodangora correspondent of the !' Evening News ' states that it is reported that 6,000 bags'of wheat are stacked on the Towri Estate, representing about, £3,000. Whijo returning from the Wellington Show, Mr. Robert Sherringham's pony stallion, 'Pretty Tom,' collided with a horse and vehicle. Tho shaft of fcho .vehicle pierced the stallion's neqk,.and li,o .died shortly afterwards. ' Pretty Tom ' had won prizes hero and at almost every show in the West.' ; ? '* ; : We, understand that Mr, ,Gough intends raffling a horBe shortly, the proceeds to go towards the erection of the new hospital in Wellington. |t is a good sign when every body aBBi'sts in such a good cause. Messrs. Thomas and Rottou will sell, 011 Saturday next,-'19th inst.. at 11,30 a.m. the: wli'olo of ' tho -material of tho premises ad-' joining the i'63idenee of Dr; 0. Rygate, The Committeo of the P. and A . Society are at once taking steps to improve the show ring. To-day all the jumps etc., have been removed from the incloaure, which iB to be ploughed and cown with couch grass. .Meters. A. Edwards, J. Soutball, A.' Bullies, E.-B. Edwards, and G. McLean havo-b«en gazetted trustees of the Wesleyan portW'n1 of the Euchareena cemetery. JLnd rollowmg temporary reserves for sale have been revoked '.—180 , acres., within] Elong Elong Holding resumed area 715a, (vnd 87-- acres within Narren and Elong Elong Holdings, Nos. 660 arid '715a:.' Mosars T. II. york and, Co. liavo somo Jflhnson f;rQss seed for sale. Opening services in connection with new Wesleyan Church will bo preached by the president of the COnferenco on June 3rd. A ' market day ' will be held on.Wodnes day following, with a concert at night. Tho comedy ' Checkmato ' will not be produced at tho Protestant Hall on Thurs day of this week, as previously announced. A plain and fancy dress social will bo held at. Bodangora 011 Queen's Birthday, in aid of the Sisters of St. Joseph. Mrs. Hanrahan, sister of Mr. IX'Harring ton, of Messrs. Wise and Co.'b, died in Sydney. last week. We aro sQrry to hear that Mr. Riddle, Wellington's popular station iuaster,straiuod himself in lifting a weight at the station last week, and has found it necessary to obtain a fortnight's leave of absence. Mr. John Irving will be away from town during the next' few days, he haviDg at last found it possible to take a short holiday. He hopes to4 leave either to-night or to moirow morning for Sydney, returning next Saturday morning. \- Boll Park South was on Saturday after noon the scene of a football match between the first fifteen of the Wellington Club and twenty of the B team. The former won the contest. -? Messrs. Permewan, Wright and Co., for warding agents and carriers, of Sydney, and with branches in most of the important towns in the country, are about to establish a branch in: Wellington. Messrs. Siuytho and Finney, of the company, have been in town during the day- making inquiries. 