REVIEW. "The Unknown," 4>v Camilla Flammarion. Harper Brother?, London. "To be, or not to be! That is the ques tion"; and it is the question which M. Camille Flammarion, the distinguished French astronomer, and an authority jn jiiana uiaueues oi Ecieuce, investigates in this volume by the light of abundant evi dence gathered in tlie field of observation and experiment both, and an anxious study of which admits of his giving an unqualified answer on the affirmative side. II'is inves tigation extends over a great deal of ground, and elicits a . large number of striking facts; but most of his readers will be inclined to think his metered of dealing with them is the more im portant part of his labors. We shall be doing both him and them most service if we set it out for tliem in an uninterrupted form, and reserve any comments which they appear to suggest for the last. Every one who has dipped into the subject is familiar with the literature of presenti ments, apparitions of the dying and dead, thought transference and similar pheno mena, but it is not every day that they have an opportunity of knowing from his- own lips how a scientist of such repute seeks to make them tributary to an argument in support of the existence of a soul and its persistence after death. Af. Flammarion begins his work by describing it ns an attempt to analyse scientifically subjects commonly held to have nothing in common with science. His - design is to apply the same scientific methods employed in other sciences to the observation, verification and analysis of phenomena, commonly thrown aside as belonging to the domain of the -marvellous arid supernatural, and to establish the fact that they are produced by forces still unknown to us. Because they are marvel lous is no reason why they should not be true aud worthy of credit. How many of the scientific facts of to-day have not excited the incredulity of the scientific men of past generations? The rotation of the earth, the circulation of the blood, galvan ism, the steamboat, the railroad, lighten ing by gas were all denounced as impracti cable and quixotic. August Oomto, who died not 50 years ago, said we never should find out tlie chemical composition of the planets, yet five years later the spectrum enabled us to class tlie stars in the order of their chemical nature. In 187S the French Academy of Sciences, when Edi son's phonograph was introduced to tliem by his agent, Du Aloneel, declared that they were not going to be made dupes by a ven'triloquist. But there ore our senses, and the testimony -of -our senses is opposed to a belief in the supernatural ! To this AI. Flammarion replies that in analysing the testimony of our senses we find that they deceive us absolutely. Take the sight. We seem to see 'tlie sun and 'the stars revolving round the earth, 'but we know that they don't. AVe feel .tliait the earth itself is motionless, but we know that it isn't. We touch uihat we 'think to be a solid body, but tli ere is no such thing. We hear harmoni ous and discordijiUit sounds outside ,us; we know that they are only sensations within us jjnpducd. byj ;yibptionsA from an atmo sphere -that is absolutely silerit and without sound. AVe welcome the light that succeeds the darkness of -night and the colors that give their brilliance to the rainbow and tlie flowers; but 'there is 'neither darkness nor light, hut merely itiie undulations of ail opaque ether striking the optic nerve. AA'e speak of heat and cold, but there is neither heat r.or cold, 'but only motion. Thus our senses mislead us as to 'tlie 'reality of objects. We experience sensations, but tlie reality we know not. After tints demonstrating that as ve can not rely upon the work of our senses to test the 'familiar objects that surround lis in the experience of u single day, AI. Flammarion clears the way of some of the obstacles tha > beset the path of the inquirer who pre sumes to push, his investigations into bhe invisible or psychical world, such as tele pathy and clairvoyance, where our senses are useless. Psychical , prob lems, he says, are. after all not more strange than astronomical pro blems were considered at one time. All that can be said is that psychical science is behind physical sciouce. Take telepathy — there is nothing unscientific in admitting that an idea in one brain can influence a brain at a distance. There are plenty of examples of matter acting oil matter without contact. The magnet is a conspicuous example, and the music of tlie tuning fork repeated by another tuning fori; in tlie neighborhood is another. Speak through a telephone at Paris, and electrical communication will cause the ether to vibrate synchronously at -Marseilles. A star millions, -of thousands of miles away, and almost an invisible point, can be exposed on a photographic plate by the rays of light heating upon it. Is not ,this faet ,more , wonderful., that. tliat a cere bral wave 'Should traverse a short; or long distance to influence another -brain in har monious unison with it? This hypothesis is not too bold. It is not outside the limit of our habitual experience. Every human being is a dynamic foeus. Thought itself is a dynamic act. There is no thought with out correlative vibration of the brain. No one ought to insist, however, that there can be no thought without brain. AA'e have no right to deny that thought can exist . in space. There exists in our' brains a dynamic element, imponderable and invis ible, diffused through all parts of the uni verse, quite independent of a matter visible and ponderable, 'but acting on it, and in that dynamic clement there is an intelli gence superior to our own. .Yes, we un doubtedly think with our brains, as we see with our eyes and hear with our ears— that is to say it is not our brains that think, any more than it is the eye that sees, or'the ear that hears. The eye and ear are co-factois in the transaction, arid so is the brain a co-cflicient with some element external to it, that is indispensable to the act of thinking, that is to say, to consciousness. The uni verse is not an actuality, but an impression on our brain through the senses, projected outwards or externalised and objectified. AY'e locate the images created in our brain outside us just as we locate the pain in our toe when we strike it; though it is really felt iu the interior cerebral mass within the skull. It is scarcely necessary to indicate to the intelligent reader who has gat sa far in the studv of AI. Floinmarion's method what it leads up to. By far the largest por tion of his book is occupied with a record of apparitions from the dying and tlie dead whicii lie lias obtained at first hand to the extent of over 700, and winch arc not more striking examples nor any better certified than, arc to he found in the volumes of the 'Psychic Search Society of London. They all bear internal evidence tQ the good faitli, frankness and observing powers of their authors, and they certain ly establish the fact that the phenomena to which tliey refer are by no means so rare as some people imagine. AI. Flam marion contends that they would be more common than .they are if the conditions for producing them wore always present. But brains must be in a- specialised state to receive the impression from a ghost, and people are ' gliostseers or not just in the same way that they arc musicians or not. The question is what is tlie real value of AI. Flam-marion's narratives. - Their quan tity alone cannot determine it. AI. Flam marion is perfectly alive to this objection; and says, in reply to it, "I liave no more reason to mistrust a savant, a magistrate or a priest when he relates a psychical experience than when he sends me a physical dbservabion." Of course the difference is obvious— the two experiences are not on the same plane. But let that pass. He places .great importance from an evidential point of view upon the fact that the ghosts of the dead arc in all his instances seen by- two persons, and that the death took place at the moment of their alleged appearance. There is -the coincidence to be explained away or accounted for, in addition to the number of the witnesses. To suppose that all these persons had been tbe dupes of their own imagination is an untenable hypothesis, if we grant the coincidence of death in 'each case. There is an obvious physical relation between the dying person and the one by whom the impressions are received, and this is sufficiently- accounted for, ;n hij opinion, by the fact that the somnambulist and the hypnotised sleeper are able to sec objects without the aid of their eyes. Both class of phenomena are due to the presence and passage of psychical waves, which traverse the intervening space by some medium Corresponding to the etlier, of which we at present know nothing, but whose existence it is as reason able to postulate as it is to postulate that of the ether itself, which, after all, is only a hypothetical sub stance invented to explain light aud oriier cosmic phenomena. -All recent invesciga- tion shows that the mind, can perceive aud comprehend without the aid of material vision. Tlie theory of psychic currents capable of transmitting cerebral impressions to a distance explains -a great number of well ascertained facts (that are otherwise not explainable. If the existence of this psy chic force is admitted, it follows, in M. Flammarion's opinion, that the existence of what we call the Soul, as well as .its persis tence after death, is not only possible, but extremely probable. "Quod erat demon strandum." This 'is tbe problem -that be undertook to solve, and 'this is .his solu tion! The question is whether it is a solution that will satisfy everybody as easily as it does himself. He forgets that while we are always able to obtain data of the kind that have convinced him, 'we are quite un able to -test -tliem by a really scientific method. .AA'e cannot test one of his ghosts by experiment as we can one of the late Professor Pepper's; neither can we -test the passage of the psychic force from one brain to another as we can the passage of the electric current. One group of phenomena lie only in the field of observa tion, and are not i-n "the field -pf experiment at all. AI. Flammarion reminds us that in visible bodies may become visible, uranium and sulphate of quinine becoming visible in the dark if under radiations of very ultra \ iolet rays. But .we know that the uranium and the quinine are material bodies not withstanding, u-nd ithait ithey have "no analogy with the composition of the ghosts that AI. Flammarion has summoned to establish the existence of an. immortal soul. The Roentgen rays undoubtedly require us to revise our notions of (the opacity of -matter, but they are not incorporeal, like Hamlet's father, and therefore don't reconcile us to his appearance on the (terrace of the castle of Elsinore. It is all veiy well to tell us that "nothing authorises ns to -think that the sphere of our observations comprises all the possibilities of nature iu this or any Other world." Only a man who is blind to the discoveries of each day would be stupid enough to hurbor such a thought, but if ire are to make excur sions into the other world we are compelled to carry the experience that we have obtained in this to guide our specula tions. It is hard enough to take for certain the existence of AI. Flammarion's psychic current from one living brain to another living brain; but when he asks us to believe that it can pass from a dead brain to a liv ing one with equal effect he redoubles the problem. It is really much, easier to accept bis Theory that "Che forces which keep up tlie beating of our hearts, tlie circulation of t'he blood, the inspiration of the lungs, may have counterparts in the material universe, regulating conditions of existence incomparably more complex and important than those of a human being." AI. Flam marion is not apparently unsensible to the weakness of the position which he has taken up in the controversy, and which his very interesting book is intended to defend, for he candidly admits, "I do not offer to ex plain the phenomena; let us make sure of the facts. Theories will come after!" Un fortunately, the facts are of no scientific value unless the explanation of - the phenomena follows from them. Even if 'they prove the existence of .an incorporeal entity called the Sonl aiter'the destruction of the corporal organism, they do not give the slightest hioit what that entity is, how it bohaves, where it resides, or what its destiny is. Assuming that - it still exists, it is impossible tliut the soul can have sensations and intelligence of bhe same kind - as it had when conditioned by the pre sence of the bodily senses and other organs — by tive eyes, eara, brain and peptics of the human being. -Even if we allow that it resumes its primary state after it leaves the body and becomes again a pint of the primary substance or vis viva, it does not help us to understand or believe in the per sistence of our earthly personality or to reconcile us to its complete extinction in another sphete of activity. This is equally true of the saul of the philosopher, AI. Flammarion, and of the thousand million microbes whose individual souls, he bells us, contribute .to constitute the unity of his. After all, what does it matter whether there is per sonality or not? If rt be (true thut there are conscious states of existence arising by natu ral process of evolution out of each preced ing state, then 'the grave may be (tlie vesti bule to a larger and more perfected insight, in which ire may discover 'tlia't time and space and personali ty, are merely provisional forms of -thought incidental -to our earthly experience, and that our beatified state is as real and substantial us thalt of (the fat boy in "Pickwick." . 1 