OUTLAWRY. WHAT IT WAS. WHAT IT MEANS IN AUSTRALIA. When the comparatively youthful reader in the springtime lightly turns his thoughts to deeds of romantic derring-do, the word "outlaw" lifts a charm for him, Ju jt us the idea of red Indians opened out a wide scope or Imagination for v young ilucklebery J-finn. Its application to u man did not necessarily Imply any very " degrading " act on his pari. His view with regard to me rending of the laws of the land, whatever they might be, did uot always coincide with thcee of the authorities, und lie preferred the outside path, und Its con- .cquenccg. There were, indeed, what may be c-utleu gotd outlaws, as wU as bad cut- laws. ishmaei, the tlmt recorded outlaw, lcul hLs hand agulnsi uvvty mun, , and every man, in return, hud hi band against hl:u. ills descendant are iu pteity much the same condition even now. Then there wo the "good outlaw." such us Robin Ilood, who kept a sort of run ning account with morality, by setting off the relief of a poor widow ugultist lire plundering of a tyrannical Norman baron. Among the Greek a man was liable to be outlawed on the slightest or no provoca tion. A private grudge could bring It about, just as easily as tt wrung done to the public, und in the instances of two or three illumrloiw out law of Heienlc extraction, they us ually repaid their adversaries by Inlawing themselves with the assistance ot the enemies of the State. With the Romans a man put outside die pale of the law was usually dealt with nt once, to avoid any risk of his repeating the offence, but others.allhough publicly denounced a enemies of the godj and. of the state, mnUe themselves so ex tremely obnoxious a outsiders that the state was often glad to welcome them buck again. One forgets, for example, how many "noble Ronuit were outlawed. Before the reign of Alfred the Great In England. "Inluwrie" and "outlnwrle" were not oo very different, and. as a mat- tor of fact, the latter have often the bes: of it, until the good King, who did not understand the baking of cukes, not only Introduced stringent laws for the protec tion of his subjects, but Insirtcd upon his judges making themselves acquainted with tlie law they were called upon -to administer, nn example which has been followed by all British Judges ever since, not even excluding Judge Jeffray. in mo.ft of the Continental states, the law of outlawry was for years and years a mere exertion of the personal will of the ruler;, whether representing autocracy pr democracy, They banished and they re called at their own sweet will, and a man's being outlawed or Inlawed depen ded very much upon the length of his purse and the strength of his sword. Many a man, Indeed, went out. metapho rically, into the caves of Adullam und returned a monarch. The Kings of the house of Anjou out lawed a ntan for the slightest, offence, lie of the Lion's Heart was rather fond of the proceeding. But. when the barons wrested the eharta rights from the wret ched John matters assumed a different uspcct. and "process of law"— dread term In tho eyes of the uninitiated— became necessary before a man could he deprived ' of his rights, raving. . alwayo the "enemies br .our sovereign lord the King, Edward the First, 'such na Robert Bruce, David Wal lace and others who were outlawed th what modern tradesman would call "ease, regularity and despatch." The Flantagenet Kings were master ful enouglt In the way of outlawry. "Six years we banish him, and he shall go," said Richard It. or llcnry of Holing- broke, and he went. . but came back ngaiu. Still, even in those days'. Kings wore not altogether above the law, und u sentence of outlawry needed same sort of legal confirmation, easily obtained, of course, but stiff necessary. In tlie days of the .Stuarts and Oliver Cromwell, men were outlawed wholesale, sold for slaves even, on charges of trea son and rebellion. How many of thu men who followed .the fortunes of Charles Edward were outlawed history has Icld us, hut even of these some managed to get/ "Inlawed," and their descendants flourish to this dny. "Our old esteemed friend Chltty," as Dickens once called him In his work, the edition of 1826, on the Criminal Law. de scribes outlawry as nn essential port of the criminnt law, and ns laying down the principle so important to the state that no man should lly from tlie laws and justice of ids country. He even adds. that formerly it was thought that the life of an outlaw might be sacrificed by any one who met him. but even, nt that time tiffs idea hnd been rejected except In extreme cases, nnd a mnn who had been . convicted of- treason nnd outlawed come In nnd traverse his outlawry. It wiff be remembered that In tho case of the duel between Lieu tenant Munro, of the Life Guards, and Colonel Fawcctt of the Line, the latter was shot dead. The former was outlaw ed. but subsequently returned nnd stood his trial, getting off with a short term of imprisonment. As a process of civil law. there are those who nan remember how mnuy "out laws" could be found, on the couilnc-nt, pleasant nnd agreeable enough iu their manners. etc.. hut not able to take a' nearer view of the whltu cliffs of Albion than from tho shores of Boulogne. But It was finally nbolhthcd In 1S79, by 42 and 43 Vic., and in England, in criminul pro ceedings. formerly abolished by the Criminal Code. See. 455. In Australia, however, we have had, of recent years, to have recourse to the old practice. To our readers, of course, the case of the Keilys, In Victoria, Is well- known, but, In their case, it was found necessary to pxss a special Act of Parlia ment. This was done on the 1st of No vember. IS's, the provisions of the Act &eillng; out that it would bq. lawful for anyone, not necessarily a constnhle, to slay any of »the aforesaid Keilys, wherever met with, by the use of any deadly wea pon that might be convenient. The fol lowing proclamation was also issued by Sir George Bowcn on 15th November. 1S7S:— "Whereas under and by virtue of the provisions of the Felons' Apprehen sion Act. IS7S, No. 612, the Governor, with the advice of the Executive Couuclj, Is empowered to proclaim the fact that any person has been adjudged and de clared to he an outlaw. Now. therefore, 1\. the Governor of Victoria, do, with tlie advice of the Executive Council, hereby proclaim thai, by a declaration under'- the hand of his Honor. Sir ' William Forstcr Stawell. Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Victoria, dated Jhe tSth . of November, j 1575\. and filed of record In the said Su premo Court. Edward Kelly, of Greta, In the suld colony, was adjudged to be an outlaw within the meaning nnd under the provision of the said Act." The Act also provided punishment, not exceeding fifteen years' imprisonment, for those who harbored the outlaws or refused to give assistance to thu autho rities when called upon. The measure, however; was only to be enforced for the current se»iott of the Parliament that passed it, nnd it has not been re newed. In New South Wulcs, however, where II 1h now proposed to procluint the Governor blacks ns outlaws, the Felons Apprehension Act of 1SC5, ou which our measure was based, has uot been repealed, and in nn umended and extended form appears to be still In the intost statutes of the mother colony. It will be remembered, however, (hut the Kelly gang of bushrangers held out foritwo years after the proclamation of outlawry, the nature of tlie country, the number of their sympathisers, und their own desperate audacity enabling them to bailie the )>oUcc for the period mentioned. The nature of tho country where the black murderers >urc now said to be is, if anything, worse than the King River country, so that though tlie men muy be proclaimed outlaws with u scratch of the Governor's pen, the work of catch ing them will not be very much facili tated thereby. It 1b one tiling to pro claim that a man may be lawfully shot at sight; it Is a very different one to get him Into the line of fire. The gentle sex may be Interested to know that, in the ense of n woman, when outlawry may be considered necessary', the lady in question Is described ns being "waived" Instead of "outlawed." We suppeso it ls because tlie former Is re garded ns what Mr Wcllcr, senior, would cnll "» more tenderer word." John Lang, the author of "Flsher'n Ghost." nnd oilier interesting stories of the old days iu New South Wale, mentions a rumor of how nn Interesting young "de portee" wns once "waived" In this man ner, but he also expresses n doubt as to its correctness. 