THE NOVELIST. Real Love and Counterfeit. CHAPFEll XXIV. Tuat night, tho night of her London triumph to which alio iiad looked forward ho eagerly and so long, Angela spent in miserable wakefulness, tossing upon linr pillow, or pacing up and down the bed room and tho sitting-room adjoining in restless misery. Once her pent-up reproaching uurst forth. 'You know, Dorcas, you know!' she cried as, with dishevelled hair and wild eyes, sho stood in her dressing-gown ut tho foot of Dorcas's bed. ' You lot nio grow to lovo Ernest, you let mc become engaged to him, and you never spoke. How could you be so cruel, so wiukod 1' ' I warned you ngnin and again I You know I did 1' Dorcas protested weakly. 1 1 said yen had no proof your husband was dead, and I did everything I could to keep you and Air. Ferry upart' 1 Everything you could I' Angola re peated scornfully. ' Why couldn't you have spoken tho truth 1 Do you suppose for one moment tlint I should have let Ernest kiss me and put an engagemont- ring upon my finger if I had thought I was not free I You were in league with that man, and yoa liavoit taken my heart and Ernest's too by your silence and your deceit I How long Imvo you been playing this cruel aad treacherous game?' ' If you mean how long have I known ubout poor Francis not being dead,' Dnrcas answered sulkily, ' I havo known it over sinco I saw him looking at the advertisements of your name outside tho Queen's Theatre on our way home from fitratford-on-Avon.' 'Tlmt was why you turned faint 1' exclaimed Angela, a light breaking in upon hoi. ' That was why.' And why didn t you tell iiio I now could you have been ho heartless as to watch mo day after day slipping into it fool's paradise of lovo and happiness and never say one word 1' ' I had promised Francis to wait until your first night was over. It was all his consideration for you,' Dorcas protested lamoly. ' He said yoa might be so upsot if you told suddenly that porhaps you wouldn t be able to act ' Angela broke into a hard laugh of scorn. Vary considerate !' sho exclaimed. This man, who married mo that he might livo on my monoy, just as he nmrriod the poor lady lie tortured to death at Surbiton, was afraid that ho might injury my salary-earning powers if he gave mo a shuck boforo my first night in London I Tt was truly kind of him, and of you too, to he so thoughtful I' Her scathing tone, tho fierce hard anger in her eyes, were so altogether foreign to her nature that Dorcas was friglitenod. Was this the tender and affectionate Angela, who never said an unkind word without atoning for it a thousandfold tho next moment; or hud tho stock of her husband's appearance, coming as it did immediately after tho excitement of tho evening, turned her brain ? ' Don't look at mo like that,' cried Dorcas — ' as if you hated mo 1 llomcmlier, Angela, how doarly I havo always loved you—' ' I remember,1 Angola said interrupting her in the same hard changed voice, ' how you havo si i own your love ! You wero thirty and I was seventeen when I was placed in your earo while my unelo and aunt were in Amorica. I don't try to dofend myself. I was silly and and inoxperiencod, absurdly romantic, and wholly ignorant of tho world. This man, this cuilous black- hearted villain Francis Scott, euino across our path and protcnrloil to lovo me - 'ft was not pretence I' Dorcas putin eagerly; hut Angela eut Jier short disdainfully. 'This man,' alio repeated, ' pretended to love mo ! He was married to a woman voare older than himself, lie bad taken all hoc money and deserted her, after robbing hoc brother, Bcfnro she was dead ho arranged to marry mc, risking bigamy and my utter disgrace and ruin for tho chance of getting liuhl ui my earnings, xou mu not Know all I this, I don't accuso you of that. But! I do say tlint you led mo on, and assisted I him in ovcry wny, and arranged that I should rncot him. You oncouraged me in my mud folly, and when I draw back, as I did again and again, you pushed mo forward, and never rusted until you stood by my sido in St. Peter's Church nnrt uit ur run wnflrlrvl f"vt mnnufai almost boforo tho breath was out of his first wifo's body ! Can you deny all this ¥ ' You put it all wrongly I' sobbed Dorcas 'But I did think you couldn't fail to lie happy with him. And I Knew no iovcu you. 'Loved tno 1' repeated Angela, with bitter scorn. ' Such a man doesn't know what love moans. I was dnzzlod by liiin. 1 was headstrong mid foolish, and I desorva to bo punished for refusing to listen to poor Grnlmiti Ford. But not, oh, 'not to be punished like this. She broko down utterly for tho first timo, and, resting her head on her hands on tho rail of tho bed, sho burst into passionate sobs, which shook her slendet frame. Dorcas wutclied her in silenco. Sho was afraid of Angola in this accusing mood, nnd her conscience told her she deserved all that Iind been said, and that slio had slmmefully abused hor trust. Yot she never waved in her determination to sorvo Francis, nnd to bring about a reconciliation between him and Angela. Creeping out of bed, sho caino round to Angola and ventured to put tier arm about her. ' Forgivo mo, dear,' sho whispered — ' I only wanted you to bo happy. Say you forgivo me. It isn't like you not to for- givo I' But Angola draw back witli a shiver of ropulsion from her caress. ' Please (lou t touch mo ! »ho exclutmod, raising her agonised faco and looked with distrust-upon her whilom friend. 'For fivo years I Imvo novor said ono word about all that timo, and I havo tried to forget' your slinro in it. But, after your deceitful conduct during tho past month, J can never forgivo you, nevor trust you or euro i or you uguiii I' 'po bo reasonable I' pleaded Dorcas, 1 Yu wero so fond of that French boy, and so bitter ngainst poor Francis— who is ever so inucli handsomer and nicer ami so lunch fonder of you, besidos being your husband — tlmt 1 dnrod not tell yon liu'd cimio back. IIow was T to know how you might tako it? Tho polico beliuvo him to be (load, but how was I to bo sure tlmt ' She stood suddenly, struck by tho idea tlint sho might ho pacing a wenpon in tho hands of Angela of which the latter hod not thought. But Angela finished her sentence fur her. 'That I might not betray him,' she said. ' Tlmt would bo my last rosourco. But, sineo I do not intend to soo or speak to him, you may toll him from me tlmt I shall do tlmt if ho dares to make any claim upon me.' Angnlii,' cried Dorcas, aghast, 'you can't mean to bo so hard, so wickod towards the man who loves you.' Angela turned wearily awav. ' We wore not talking of tlm man who loves me,' she said. ' But I must bo bard und wicked to him. I cannot help myself. I am going now to writo him a letter, which you must deliver when lio comes so sco me in tho morning.' Tears gushed from her oyes at tho last words. It seemed nt tlmt moment bitterly hard tlint, after denying herself nil thoughts of lovo for so long, sho must dash tho cup of happiness awny whon for the first time it hud touched her lips. You will send him back tlmt ring T Dorcas inquired anxiously. 'I shall do what I tiiink right, Dorcas. You need not remind mo of my duty.'. 'And toll him you nro married Y porsunded Dorcas. But this was too much for Angela. Her proud sadness gave way and she turned nt the door and faced Dorcas, hor old self again, Iter eyes flashing, and her checks flushing. 1 No,' sho cried passionntoly, ' I shall not ten mm or any one mat i j. himu not let any one know I am nnuriod to a thief and a murderer I And for his own sake I warn you, and Francis too, to keep tlmt disgraceful secret.' Tho letter to Ernest was diUicull indeed. Sheet nftor sheet was scribbled over nnd destroyed, nnd in tho morning tho letter was still unwritted. But Monsieur Arnould Ferry's communication had tho effect of stirriug hor pride, and under its influence Angela pnnncd tho few lines accompanying the ring which Dorcas delivered to Ernest on his arrival. Monsieur Ferry had been short and to tho point in his letter. 'Madam' — ho u rote in French — 'I have been told tlint you, an actress well Known ill connection wim a muruur iron of fivo years ba:k, proposo to yourself to marry my only son, Monsieur Ernest Ferry, with the idea that ho will inherit my fortune. You nro ignorant of French law. If my son marries without my consent, his marriage will bo by French Inw illegal und void. I will nover consent to fits imirringo with you ; and, unless he returns to Paris immediately without seeing you again, I will eut oil his allowance, in which coso be will be a beggar and hardly likely to attract your notice. Itecoivo, madam, tho nssuranco of my distinguished consideration. ' Anxoui.D Funny.' Tho reading of this lottcr hurt Angela cruelly : but sho had suffered so much during tho last few hours that her sonsibilities wero blunted for tho timo, and alio was almost glad of tho oppor tunity it afforded her of refusing to see Ernest Ferry again. ' He must think bis father's insults Imvo hurt mo so deeply tlint I mean to punish him,' alio reflected. ' It will bo very unjust, and lie will suffer cruelly, but the world sccins full of injustice and suffering and cruelty.' Apathetically, as though the subject liari no powor to interest, iter, Angela glanced over tho notices of Borneo and Juliet in the papers. Success had come to her, but it came as dead sea fruit to liar lips, all Havour, ull delight hoing swal lowed up in tho suffering of her nowly- awakenud woman's heart. ' I would havo given it all up,' she said with parched lips and dry oyes — ' to be happy with Ernest's lovo.' I CHAPTER, XXVI. " Asuv.i.x, for hoavon's sake see me, if but for a moment. My lulorod darling, how can you find it in your heart to bo so cruel ? But no — you are not cruel, I know. You nro ull tlmt is good nnd tender. My fattier has hurt your pride, lie has wounded your sclf-rospect. But, my beautiful love, is it fair to punish mo fat f.lm uftintil inunltu nf n ninn u'ltn linu nover seen you, who does not know who you nro, and to whom you havo boon by some enemy cruelly misrepresented I My father wroto nlso to mo, and to-day I havo forwarded to him a long letter, tolling him tlmt you aro tho littlo Angela whom my iiiuimcr -su mucii iovcu, anu wuoiu nc also lovod tenderly as a child. I have told him also whnt you, my dear one, graciously confided to mo — the truth of that miseralilo story of fivo years ago. " 1 know I Imvo no right to troubloyou with my lovo, now tlint nil London is ringing with praises of your genius and beauty, wliarcns I am discarded nnd dis owned hy my fatlior, a penniless nobodv unloss I instantly return to Franco which I cannot do. For I cannot tear myself away from you. I must seo you ovcry day, if it bo only on the stage, whore ull others soo you with me. Until my father pardons mo, I Imvo no right to breathe nnothcr word of my lovo to vou. But. Angola, my adored darling, to lovo you is to broatho and live. Since I was a baby I havo loved you, and each year as I grow to bo a man my lovo has grown stronger within me. l'ou may toll mo to die, and I will oboy you, but it is usoless to tell mo to ccnxo loving you. If my father casts mo off, lot iiio work for you until I can offer you a homo. It seoms a hopoless task at this moment, but with just one littlo word from you, if it ho only ' I forgivo you for your father's letter, and I do not hate you,' I shall bo armed to meet and conquer all difficulties and trials. ' At loast, iny dear ono, if in the midst of your triumph and 'glory you cherish mucii resentment ngainst mo on account of my father's letter to write mo ono word or too soo me for a fow hours, or oven days —though they will bo very hard to livo through— do not, I imploro you, offer mo tho insult of returning tho ring whiob I ptacod upon your hand last night. Until my father withdraws hi swords, or until I make an independent position, I have no right to ask you to marry mo. Thcroforo tho little ring is no longer an engagement ring. Keep it, wear it, my darling, in memory, not of tho man who lovos you more than ho daro tell you, but in memory of the affection between your mother and mine, who joined our hands when we woro as yet infants, and planned that union which is the ardent, tlicdopairing longing of iny heart. Foi their sake, for tho sake of their sweet meimiry, do not break my heart, do not utterly crush mo to tho earth now, in my grief and abandonment, by returning the ring. And, so soon as your lioart softens towards me, send for inc. Lot nio brcatlio the same nir with you, and touch your beloved hand a few seconds with mino— I will ask for' no more, for I know I have no right. ' At your feet, dearest, on my knees, .asking 'parilmi for my father nnd humbly kissing tho hem of your dress, I imploro your morey.. 'Eiinkht.' A messenger brought this latter from Ernest Ferry ut noon ou tho day after appearance as tiuueo no mio i<uuun» Theatre, and Angela took the note to the bed-room that sho might 1)0 free to read it away from Dorcas's watchful scrutiny. Her tears flowed freely as sho read tho words, which in a man wholly English would have savoured of hypcrbolo, but which Angola, knowing Ernost's intensely sensitive and emotional nature, know to be almost cold compared with what he folt while penning thorn. She could not benr to think that lie should suppose her so pratty, so unjust, as to cherish vindictivo feelings ngainst him on account of his futhor's letter ; still less could she euduro the idea that site would appear to desort him at tho moment when, fur hor sake, ho was risking being disinherited. Yet to en courage him would be disiionournblo and impossible in view of tho insuperable obstacle between them. Finally, she took the little ring which Ernest bad returned in his letter, and, kissing it tenderly, locked it up in her trinket-box. Tlion, seating herself nt tho dressing-table, bIio scribbled tlieso lines — ' Please do not writo to mo any more, ami please do not try to sec me. I will keep the ring for your mother's sake, but I will not wear it. Bo reconciled at once to father, nnd go to France. Whatever happons, wo can never bo anything to each other but frionds. You havo said I must chooso between nrt und love, and I have chosen art. Good bye. ' Anciela.' With Romo misgiving Angela inn down stairs and placed this note in the hands nt !»#» iniieoAnimi'.lvir wild VP AH Mtlll waiting for an unswer in the linll, open ing tho front door for him herself, and watching liirn down the street lest Dorcos or her ally Francis should en deavour to intercept liiin. For Angela no longer had tho lost con fidence in Dorcas, against whom she could not help' chorishing a feeling of keen resentment, filio had lovod Dorcas as a sister sinuo her early yeurs, and had repaid the older woman's self-sacrificing devotion hy tender gratitudo and un failing consideration and affection. But all that wits now a thing of tho past, and tho words which nightly, in the part of Juliet, sho addressed to tho Nurse repre sented exactly Angola's present senti- ments towards ncr Kinswoman. Go, counsellor i Thou and my bosom henceforth shall bo twain I To livo undor the same roof with Dorcas, to share tho same sleeping apart ment, to meet her nt every men), nnd to know all tho timo that Dorcas was in league with her cnoiny, and plotting against her pcaco, was to Angola, with her open und steadfast nature, indes cribably painful; and so cold nnd restrained was ner manner during tho during tlia day tlmt Dnrcas, on seeing from the window in tho sitting-room tho tall figure of Francis crossing tho road towards the liouso ourly in tho afternoon, darted downstairs, and opened tho door for him in order to warn hint nut to trouble Angela. 'She was awake all night,' Dorcas informed him. 1 She is mud against you, and against iiio too. Sho she vows that if you mako any claim upon her sho will betray you.' diio wouiu nover do that, ho noularod with an assumption of mora confidence than lie felt. 1 Think wlmt a scandal it would bo, and how it would show her up. Couldn't you get on tho soft side of hor? Sho nover used to be hard.' ' All, but sho has changed all of n sudden — you wouldn't know hor. Sho is so cold nnd proud to mo I hardly daro speak to her. Now I have rando her lio down, for, if sho works herself up any more, she'll nover bo ablo to act (o-nigbt. You knuw bow lint second nights always arc. And Angela never will string her self up with cliampagnu or a brandy-owl- Bodn, as most people do.' stadia, ' Jt's a nuisanco,' ho murmured, ' bccauso now alio knows everything, the sooner slio makes up her mind to bo reconciled with mo tho bettor. Howover, I will bo guided by you. I know what a loyal littlo friend you'vo boon to mo all along, Doreas dear. And of courso you'll keep tlmt Frcuoli fellow away?' ' Ho called this morning, and I gave him a note from hor, dismissing liini, and giving him back his ring. T couldn't help feeling sorry for tho poor follow wiion he read it. IIo was liko a ghost, and shaking all over. Thoro was a letter for Angola ibis morning, with tho Paris post-mark : sho turned white while roading it, and toro it up into tiny littlo bits and throw thorn into tho wa9to-papcr basket and sent it down-stairs. But I slipped down and secured thorn nnd mado out it was from Monsieur Arnould Ferry, the young man'a father.' ' Ah I' murmured Francis, with a littlo solf-Ratisfiod chuckle. ' I rather expcctod Angola would rcceivo such a letter.' ' I could soo sho was very angry,' Dorcas said. 'A littlo before lunch a messenger brought Iter another letter, which I couldn't see. But, whito mes- longer was waiting in tho hall fur an answer, I ran down nnd learned whofo lie came from. Apd, as I oxpectcd, it was from young Forry'a hotel. 'This kind of thing mustn't go on,' Francis -exclaimed in an ungry" wliispcr. 'As soon as tho bo-oflico opened this morning tho fellow curio and booked for a_ whole fortnight tho stall lie hnd Inst night. Liko that, she'll be nblo to seo him from tho stago overy evening. What sho can see hi a whipper-snapper like that —why, I could broak him with one hand. Anyhow, wo'll soon put a stop to his philandering. I'll write another letter to his father if need be. And I'll como and seo Angola to-morrow morning nftor breakfast, sinco porhaps sho had hotter kcop quiot to-day, und not havo any mora scenes or fainting-fits of tears. Why, what's the matter now t What imvo you got to cry for !' ' It's so dreadful,' wliimporcd Dorcas, ' to have Angela turn ngainst mu after all these years.' Francis did not like to seo women in tears, especially when tlioy wero so iilnin ns Dorcas ; so lie patted her cheek hurriedly, nnd took instant icnvo of her. 1 Wo can't standlconspiring in tho hall all day,' lie said briskly. ' When Angola nnd I havo inado it up, you shall live with us, and look after tho housekeeping, and mnko yourself generally useful and hippy. There is soinotliing to look for ward to ! Tn-ta 1' CHAPTER XXVII. Eknbst Fiiiiuy could not fail fo bo to Homo extent soothed and comforted by Angela's second note. ' You hare anid I must choose between lovo mid art, and I have chosen nrt. Good-bye 1' Thoro was a hard communication, but not so linrd as her first inessiigo— 1 All is over botween us. Pleiixo forget mo !' Then her retention of the ring was a hopeful sign. Even if bIiu novor woro it, nnd retained it only fur his mother' sake, Ernest told himself that tlmt was im mensely liotter than having it scornfully returned. Ho was terribly worried nnd unhappy still, but Im begnn to uiukc excuses ami explanations in his own mind for iter sudden change in hor attitude towards liitn. from touder oncourairaincnt to banishment, und to porsuade himself tlmt it was nil duo to fuminino oxcitability und caprice, and tlint her real sunny self would soon bo rovcnlcd to him behind tho storm-clouds that parted them. ' In the height of her succoss, to lio so foully slundeicd by my father,' lie argued, 1 must imvo been bitterly gulling ! It is quito natural she should punisli inc. And thon she is so unselfish,, alio drcadH to spoil my future. Tiiat is why site discards ino, and tells me to bo reconciled to my father. But I shall sco Iter to night on the stago — foi three whole hours no ono can prevent nio, so long as my money lusts, froin feasting my eyes every, evening upon my adored ono's sweet face. For tlint, nt least. T bless the theatre. though could wish I were ho enly audience 1' Angela knew wltoro lio sat, unci saw him when, during tliu dance, sho could discreetly glance in his direction. Her sight was nut good enough to cnablo her to sco the expression of iiis face, so sho asked her greatest friend in the company, Mr. Drumniond, who was also near sighted, to lend her his eye-glasses, and by the aid of these, through a ' holo ill the curtain,' slio was able, before the second act began, to take, unknown to him, n long look at her lost sweetheart in tho stalls. How pale ho looked, how utterly dejected, as ho leaned back ill his scut, tin niiwu uttituuu uuv>;nuuiu iiiopn ituu weariness. Involuntarily slio heaved a sigh an slio looked at him, and two big tears rolled down hor checks, to tho detri ment of her stago 1 make-up.' ' My dear Alias Vavasour, aro you very ill ?' It was Mr. Drumniond, immediately behind her, in tho picturesque dress of Benrolio, who spoke, nnd his tone was one of great solicitude. uitiniiti uur luurc UIKI turned a smiling face upon him. ' 111 I No, of course nut, Mr. Druin- mond 'You can't possibly bo in low spirits,' bo exclaimed, ' witli nil London at your feet I Didn't tho reception you got when you enmo on to-night wnrra your heart?' ' It was a contrast to last night, certainly,' sho admitted. 1 And to-night thoro you are, ns good and hotter tliun-over; and all tile rest of ua as Hut as sardines. I nevor can act inade such a bit, nf courso it strings ynu up. All tho feitows nt tho club this availing aro mad about you. Every man I know is envying mo for being in tho sauio theatre with you ; and as for tho critics, you'vo bowled thorn over to a mini. You ought to be the happiest girl in London ; and— and, I declare," you're crying.' 'How can you supposo anything so silly? 'Anyhow, hero's a tear on my oyo- glo&sos.;' ' Mr. Drummond,' Angela said, sud denly raising her soft dark eyes to tho VOUIIU actor's faco. 1 sloun don fc laup inn to-night. I know I have boon fortunate enough to bo successful. I havo been more on the stage than off it since I was six, and I've worked vory hard. I am glad and grateful that peoplo liko me; but to tell the truth, I mil so uniiappy about things quito apart from tho stago that I don't seem able to appreciate success now that it has como.' ' I know — I know,' ho said kindly. 'It's always tho name, isn't it I Success comes too late, or at tho xvroug moment Forgivo ino for teasing you, and cheer up.' (to dk continued.) 