Remembrance of Christ. Br Late Rev. C. H. Sptooeon." "This do- in remembrance of Me." — I dor. . .... xi. 24. ... :...v F HIST of V all, we shall speak of the glorious - and pre cious object of me-, \- mory. — "This do in remembrance of i Me." It is a Person' whose por trait I would frame in gold, and hang up in the stateroom .of tho soul. I would have you earnest students of alt the deeds' of the conquering Mes siah. I would have you \- conversant ' with ' the life of our Beloved. But, oh. forget not His .person; for the text says, "This do in 'remembrance of Me." It is Christ's glorious person which ought to be the object of our remembrance. It is His image which should bo enshrined in every temple of the 'Holy Ghost. But some will say, " How can we remember Christ's 'per son, when we never saw it? We cannot tell what was the peculiar form of His visage; we believe His countenance ,t'o bo fairer than that of any other man — al though through grief and suffering . more marred — but since we, did not see it, we cannot remember it. We never saw -His feet as they trod "the journeys of His mercy; we never behold His hands as Ho stretched them out full 'of loving kindness ; we cannot remember the wondrous intona tion of His language, when in more, than seraphic eloquence He awed the multitude, and chained their ears to Him ; we can not picture the sweet smile that ever hung on His lips, nor that awful frown with which He dealt out anathemas against the Phari sees; we cannot remember Him in His suf ferings and agonies, for we never saw Him." Wei, beloved, I suppose it is true that you cannot remember the visible ap pearance, for you were not' then born ; but do you not know that even the apostle said, though ho had known Christ after the fiesh, yet, thenceforth, after tlm flesh he would know Christ no more? The na tural appearance, the race, the descent, the poverty, the humble garb, were no thing in tho apostle's estimation of his glorified Lord. And tints, though you do nob know Him after the fiesh, you may know Him after tho spirit; in this manner you can remember Jesus as much now as Peter, or Paul, or John, or James, or any of those favoured ones who once trod in His footsteps, walked side by side with Him, or laid their heads upon His bosom. Memory annihilates , distance and over- ieapeth time, and. can behold the. Lord, though He bo exalted in glory. Ah, let us spend five minutes in remembering Jesus. Let us remember Him in His bap tism, when, descending into the waters of Jordan, a voice was heard, saying "This is My beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased."' Behold Him coming up drip ping from the'stream ! Surely the conscious water must have., blushed that it contained its God. He slept within its waves a mo ment, to consecrate the' tomb of baptism, in which those who aro dead" in Christ are buried .with Hiin. Let us remember Him in the wilderness, whither He went straight from His immersion. Oh," I have often thought of that scene in the desert, wlit-n" Christ, weary arid way-worn, sat JLm down, perhaps upon the gnarled rents of some old tree. Forty days had Ho lasted, He was an hungered, when in the . ei- tremity_ of His weakness there came the evil spirit. Perhaps lie had veiled his demon royalty in the form of some aged pilgrim, and, taking up a stone, said, "Way-worn Pilgrim, if Thou bo the Son of God, command this stone to be made broad." Methinks I seo him, with his cun ning smile and his malicious leer, ns he held the stone, and said, " If" — blasphe mous "if" — "If Thou be the Son of God, command that this stone shall become a meal for ino and Thee, for both of us are hungry, and' it will bo an net of mercy; Thou canst do it easily; apeak the, word, and it shall bo like the bread of heaven; we will feed upon' it, and 'I'hon .and' I will be friends for ever.'- But Jesus said — and oh, how sweetly did He say it— " Man shall not live by bread alone." Oh, how wonderfully did Christ fight tlietemp- terl Never was there such a buttle as that. It was a duel foot to foot — a single- baud combat — when tho champion lion of the pit and the mighty Lion of the tribe of Judnh fought together. Splendid sight 1. Angels stood arouud to gaze upon tho spec tacle, just as men of old did sit to see the tournament of noted warriors. There Satan gathered up 'his strength; here Apullyon . concentrated all his satanic powor, that in his giant wrestle lie might overthrow the Seed of the woman. But Jesus was more than a match for Him; in tho wrestling He gave him a deadly fall, anil came off more than a conqueror, Lamb of God! -I will remember Thy desert strivings when next I combat with Satan. When next I fight with Diabolus, I will look to Him Who conquered once for all, and broke the dragon's head with His mighty, blows. Further, I beseech you re- member Him in all His daily temptations ana nouny -trans, in tliat life-long struggle, of His through which He passed. Oil ! what a mighty tragedy was the death of Christ 1 and His life tool Ushered in with a song, it closed with' a 'shriek. "It is finished." It began in a manger, and ended on a cross ; but, oh, the sad interval be tween! Oh, /the black pictures of the per secution, when His friends abhorred. Him; when His foes frowned at Him as He passed tho streets; when He heard tho hiss of calumny, and was bitten ' by tho foul tooth of envy; when slander said He had a devil and was mad; that He was a drunken man and a wine-bibber; and when His righteous soul was vexed with the ways of the wicked. O Son 'of God! 'I must remember Thee ; I cannot help re membering" Theo, when I think of those' Sears of toil and trouble which Thou didst ve for my sake. ' But you know my chosen theme — tho placo where I con al ways best remember Christ. ' It is ia shady garden full of olives. Oh, that spot! I Would that I hod eloquence, "that I might 'take you there. Oh, if the Spirit would but take us, and set us downward by the mountains of Jerusalem; I would say,. See, there runs the brook of Kedron, which the King Himself did pass; and thero you see the olive trees. Possibly, at the foot of that olive lay the three dis ciples when they slept ; and there, ah, there I see drops of blood. Stand here, my soul, a moment; those drops of blood' —dost thou . behold them? Mark- them ; they aro not 'the blood of wounds ; tliey are the blood of a Man whose body was then unwoitnded. Oh, my soul, picture Him when lie knelt down in agony " and sweat — sweat,, because He wrestled with God— sweat, because He agonised with His Father. "My Father, if it be possible, let this cui> pass from Me." I will lead you to Pilate s hall, and let you see 'Him endure the mockeries of cruel soldiers ; the smiting, of the mailed gloves ; the blows of clenched fists ; the shame ; the spit ting; the plucking of the hair; the cruel bufferings. Oh, can you not picture the King of martyrs, stripfc of His garments, exposed to the gaze of fiend-like men ? See you not the crown about His temples, each thorn acting as a lapcet to pierce His head? Mark you not His lacerated shoul ders, and the white bones starting "out from the bleeding flesh? O Son of Man ) I see Thee scourged and flagellated with rods and whips . how can I henceforward cease to remember Thee? My memory would be more treacherous than Pilate, did it not ever cry," Eoco Honio ("Behold the Man"). Now, finish tho scene of woo by a view of Calvary. Think of the pierced hands and bleeding -side ; ; think of the scorching sun, and then the entire dark ness ; remember the broiling fever, and the dread thirst ;" think of tho death- shriek, "It, is finished 1" and of the groans that were its prelude.'- This is tho object of memory. Let ns . never forget Christ. I beseech you, for the love of Jesus, "let Him have thri chief place in your memories. Let not the Pearl of great price be drop ped from your careless. hand into the dark' ocean of oblivion. „ Now we will consider the benefits to bo , derived . from a loving remembrance of .Christ. Love never says, "Cui bono?", Lovo nover asks what benefit it will derive from love. "Love," from" its very nature, is a disinterested thing. It loves for the creature's sake it loves. The Christian needs, no argument to make him love Christ, just as a mother needs no argument to make her love her child. Sho does it because it is her nature to do so. The new-born creature must love Christ; it cannot help it. Oh, who can resist the matchless charms of Jesus Christ?— tho fairest of ten. thousand fairs, the loveliest of ten thousand loves. Who can refuse to adore tho Prince of perfections, the mirror of beauty, the majestic Son of God? Remembrance of Jesus will tend to give you hope when you are under the burden of your sins. There comes in a poor crea ture. Look at him! He has neglected himself this last month ; ho looks as if he had hardly eaten his . daily bread. What is the matter with "you? "Oh!" says he, "I have been again and again lament ing because ..I. fear I can never be for- giveri ; once V thought. I was good, but I ave boon reading the Bible, and I find that my heart is 'deceitful and wicked above all things, and desperately wicked'; .1 have tried to reform, but the more I try, the deeper I sink in tho mire; there is certainly, no' hope 'for' me. I feel that I deserve no mercy; it seems to me that God inu3t destroy me, for He lias de clared, 'The soul that sinneth, it shall die' ; and die I must, fob I know I have broken God's law." How will you com fort such a man? What soft words will you utter to give him peace? I know ! I will, tell him to remember Christ. I will tell liim there is One who paid the mighty debt of misery. Yes, I will tell thee, "drunkard, swearer, whatever thou hast been— I will tell thee that there is One who for thee hath made a complete atone ment; if thou only believest on Him thou art safe for ever. Remember Him, thou poor dying, hopeless creature, and thou shalt be mode to sing for joy and gladiiess. See, the man believes, and in ecstacy ex claims, "Oh, come all ye that fear God, and I will tell you what Ho bath done for my soul." > "Tell it unto sinners, tell, ' 1\. am, I am out of hell." Hallelujah) God hath blotted out my sins. And now here is a sweet command: "This do. in remembrance of Me." To whom docs this command apply? "This do. ye." It is important to answer this question: "This do ye" — who are intcn-. . ded?-Ye who put your trust in Me. " This do ye in remembrance of Me." When I speak of your taking the ordinance of the Lord's Supper, do not imagine that I wish you for one moment to suppose that there is anything saving in it. Some say that the ordinance of baptism is, non-essential; so is tho ordinance of the Lord's Supper. It is non- essential if we look upon it in the light of salvation. 7 Be saved by eating a piece- of bread ! Nonsense. Be saved by drinking a drop" of wine I Why, it fs too absurd for ' common sense to admit any discussion upon. You know it is tho blood of Jesus Christ'; it' is the merit of His agonies ; it is the purchase of His suffer ings ; it is what Ho did that . alone can save us. Venture on Him ; venture wholly, and then you are saved. Hearcst thou, poor convinced sinner, the way of salva tion? If I ever meet thee in the next- world, thou mightest, perhaps, say to me, " I spent one evening, sir, in hearing you, and you nover told me the way to heaven." Well, thou shalt hear it. Believe on the Lord Je3us Christ, trust in His name, find refuge in His Cross, rely upon His Spirit, trust in His righteousness, and thou art saved beyond the -vengeance of the law. or the power of hell. 