Methodism A.D. 2000. The Methodist Church, though it may not continue in its present form to the cousummation of all things, will cer tainly last until, in the advancement of religion, it merges, with other Christian Churches, into a glorious spiritual body, in preparation for the Millennial Reign. But, if modern prophets will only allow the postponement of that eivent for an other hundred years, we would fain obtain a glimpse of the Methodism of the end of the Twentieth Century. In this number we publish some interest ing articles on the various qualities and equipments that seem desirable as we stand upon its threshold, and we com mend them all to the serious attention of our readers. But, as we hope to get an increased spiritual impulse from the religious ordinances to be held at Whit suntide, in connection with our Century Commemoration, it will be well for us to remember that in shaping the Meth odism of a.d. 1900 we are, in all prob ability, shaping the Methodism of a.d. 2000\. Whether we realize the respon sibility or not, we are living for pos terity, and our conceptions of truth and duty, our personal practices and methods of Church government will in some degree' help or hamper ' the people called Methodists at the end of the next century. In order to fully realise this it is necessary in the first place to familiarise our minds with the fact that, if the world lasts as long, the organic structure of Methodism will not only exist a hundred years hence, but be vastly greater, and more influen tial than it is to-day. Apart from the ' spiritual element in it, the plan upon which it is built is massive, and designed both for aggression and consolidation. And we must not fall into the error of -assuming that spirituality is essential to . its continuity as a humanly-constructed system of Church Governmeut. In this fact lies the tremendous responsibility -of present-day Methodists. We know, as Wesley hinted, that whilst the Methodist ?organisation is destined to be a mighty power in the world, the presence , and power of the Divine Spirit in it can alone guarantee its continuance as a beneficent power. There are two lines ?of history possible to Methodism. In imagination it is possible to project oneself into the closing years of the ?coming Century, and to trace both these possible paths of advancement. The ?one leads through worldliness, loose ness of doctrine, and respectable formal ism, to a rich, ramified, political church which becomes a tyrannical rather -than an uplifting force. The other is ?a constant development by spiritual impulse. It is characterised by experi mental religion. And the life within the soul, and the individual, conscious rparticipation thereof, fill this possible line of progress with all the philan thropies of love and righteousness. At 'the termination of one of these paths in .a.d. 2000, Methodism will be a mon strosity and a curse, but at the termina tion of the other path, radiant with bridal beauty, beloved of men and God. These facts, we repeat, lay upon the Methodists of to-day a responsibility «.nd a privilege that cannot lightly be set aside. For, as is plainly intimated in other parts of this issue, the line of Church history is, and must always be, ?determined by its spirituality. And the indwelling and operation of the Holy ?Ghost in the hearts „ of individual be lievers is the only method by which the Ohurch may obtain spiritual replenish ment. The Eomish doctrine that the Church determines the spirituality of its members is not from Heaven. The Church is holy when its members are holy, and its members are sancti fied not by ecclesiastical office or association, but by the power of the Holy Ghost. For this reason our Church hopes to reap more from the spiritual than from the finan cial results of this Century Commemo ration. It is not very likely that any now alive will see the Methodism of the ?close of the Twentieth Century, but we who are now alive, and, under God, have power to help in shaping the destiny of — :n ru. ? i ? ;i~ * ? DUO UUUlUJi UJ-LttU Will lUlUll uusiru with all our heart that it may be in God's eyes ' without spot or wrinkle or any such thing.' We do not trouble very much whether, in the progress of the year's, adaptations may be necessary in church government, but we do desire that Methodism as a spiritual force may live and grow. We cannot endure the thought that it should cease to be honoured by God as a soul-saving Agency, and as a means by which Scriptural holiness should be spread ?throughout the world. And on this account we are seeking a fuller baptism of the Divine Spirit ; and for this purpose we are asking our people throughout New South Wales to join with us in calling upon God for the descent of the Holy Ghost. Without His presence and power our Church will be a poor perversion of what it was in tended to be, but with His blessing upon us our Church will be able to draw upon .all the resources necessary to life and ?efficiency, and will continue through the .ages to come a blessing to the sons of :men. 