WHAT IS UNSOUND MIND? Is a man, (writes tin* ''Daily Nisv/fj” of the 27Lh October) who sees illusory, rabbits running In his garden, liorkck* heads shaking- at the end of his bed. and! cows wandering: about a picture neces sarily incompetent to execute a will ?( TJmt is one point at issue in a case con cerning the will of the late Mr Robert Ivay Whitehead, a Manchester bleacher, who left 1,300,000, which began before Sir F. Jeune yesterday. The other point is alleged undue influence.- Two of Whitehead's nephews, a doctor and ’a# stockbroker, named Scott, propound . a* will of September 1894. Other nephew# named Whitehead and Mrs M'lCeand, ir relative, oppose. * Mr Whitehead came of a rich family, who had been Manchester bleachers for, tiro hundred years. In 1SG7 he retired, and looked after Ills estate and his pic tures by Sidney Cooper and Correggio at Clively Bank. For many years, ho had ill-health, and took air sorts of pa tent medicines, one on top of the other,, besides consulting many doctors. Ira IS87 he was stricken, with influenza. Jku 1894 pneumonia seized him. After that' he saw ghosts. There were rabbitti in his shrubbery, and he imagined he saw, them running about in scores. The Sid ney Cooper cows used to walk about the canvas until Mr Whitehead put his hand on the pictures and kept them ntilL He was so convinced that water wan dripping from the ceiling that he used^to put blotting paper on the carpet and) pick it up dry. Ho mistook the bedpost?? for prancing steeds, and fancied he SOwl a man standing in the garden when “hoi man was there. He investigated thing#, satisfied himself he was the subject .ofl optical Illusions,'and consulted a doctor, on the point. About the same time, he* made tlie disputed will, by which ha left 1.20,000 to members of his family* L.15,000 to charity, and the rest to Sir# Scott, his only surviving sister. Hoi imagined he was being poisoned, and tn 1897 an inquiry in lunacy resulted in U\a decision that he was capable of looking after himself, but that a committed should administer his estate and allow) him L2500 a year. The case has not ft ecu' settled. _ _ . i 