CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, LATROBE, OPENING SERVICES. . Special servloes in conneotion with tho openlngof the new Congregational Ohnrcb, Latrobe, wore eondnoted on Sunday by the Rev J. 'G. Wright The Interior of the bulldiog was tastily decorated with a profusion of flowers and greenery, and a nomber of pot plants. One of the most HNwiuguMibunwui uiu pcuoeeatngB was cue voluptuous muslo rendered by a oomblned ohulr, some 60 strong, under the condno- torship of Mr G. M. Bond, with Miss Bond as organist. In .the mornlpg, the whole of the seating accommodation was availed of. The Rev J. G. Wright preaohed an eloqaenb sermon, basing his discourse on the 40th and 41st verses of Chapter yi of the second book of Chro nicles. The preacher remarked that all the works of God wore progressive, and gradual in their development. Duriog the eourse of years, through tempest ana storm, the young tree gradually Increased Its wonderful symmetrical proportions. In the early morning, the light of day spread gradually over hill and glen, and eaoh sucoesslve season opened up lb due course. So it was with all the works of God. His scheme for the redemption of mankind was gradually unfolded. An evolutionary and progressive prlnolple was distinctly notloeablo as regarded toe mode of public worship. Four thousand years ago, man was to be found offering his own saorlfioes In the worship of God. Then followed tho worshipping at family altars, and afterwards oime the ereotlon of taber nacles. Parenthetically, ' tho preacher IVUMIMM UM4 SU« WUgAOgaWUU WUniUip- ping In the building that day had not been oalled on to pay for the cost of tbe stroo- turei and trusted that none wonld begrudge making due saorlfioe for divine worship. He trusted they would ever feel in prayer the realisation of God's presenoe, as a ' onsolousness of God's nearness would bo a suldanoe to the paths of peaoe and righteousness. Men would blDBh in pub lic at things they would have no oompono. tion in doing when alone, and so, re. memberlug they were in the presenoe of God, they would abstain from sin. He trusted that the new church would be the blrthplace of many sonls In the. service of the Divine Master, and be the reolafmfng ground of many wanderers. He enjoined all to partake of the joy of religious exerolsea, tho joy of pardon, the , oy of hope, and thus ensure complete lapplneas. During the offertorv. Mr A. G. Fletoher eang, "Rest to toe weary." A children's service was -held In the afternoon, when additional seats had to be ranged along the aisles to accommo date the -large congregation. The Rev J. G. Wright delivered an able address of advloe - and enoouragemept to the children and their parents ahd toaohers. Suitable hymns wero sung, and during the offertory Miss Iok feelingly sang. "O. test in the Lord." In the evening, there was a very large congregation. The Rev J. G. Wright preaohgd a powerful sermon on the text —"Prove all things. Hold fast that whloh la good"— 1st Thessalonlans, chapter y, verse 21, Whately, the loglolan, onoe said, 41 Misgive in order that yon may not mistake," the preaoher's interpretation of whloh was that one should be slow to believe, in order that there might be no mistake. Two im portant facts were there Implied— first, I that man had the power to tost, to com pare, to weigh, to dcolde ; sooond, that among the many thing that would olalm his attention ho would find tho good. Oommonsonso stopped in and emphasised tho statomont of tho Apostle— 44 Hold fast that whloh Is goodr Things and systems that were good for ono age might not bo the bost adapted and most serviceable for tho succeeding ages. Judaslsm was suporlor to ancient heathenism but was Inforlor to Christ- laniby ;.and Paul, after oloso examina tion of the claims and toaohlngs of the new rollgion, bocamo his warmest sup porter, And Ablest defender and.adv6o.ite. There would be many more healthy, rdirasb, godly, useful lives If there was an inorcaso of mon and womon who ro-. vorently and intolligontly ongaged in thinking out for tbomsolves tho great And glorfoui vorltioa of ro llgion. Ethical And rollglous cranks existed as well as scientific oranks, and the rev gontloman warned his horors to boffaro of suoh porsonagos. Ib had boon atatod again and again that It was a mistake to conaidor that tho Biblo con tained a finality of religious knowledge, and taught all that man could, know of God. Whilst admitting there was truth in Buah statements as far as solontifio knowledgo was concorood, he was Inolloed to think that, in spiritual matters, all oould still loam muoh from tho Biblo writers, who llvod a slmplor and more spiritual lifo than that of tho mon of the nineteenth century. Perhaps, It ought nob to be bo, as with the increased light, men of today should bo living on a muoh higher spirit ual plane that that oven occupied by St Paul. Nevertheless, in the present ago, other gospels woro being taught, or modern oreods woro contesting tho supre macy of Christianity, And some people woro so mentally oonstrneted..as to .be compelled' to tost tho now oreods. A modern substitute for tio Gospel was Agnosticism, the dootrlno of whloh was that tho existence of a personal god, and an unseen world, oould neither bo proved nor disproved, because of the necessary limits of the human mind, or beoause of tho insufficiency of tho evidence furnished by physical or physlsloal data to warrant a positive conclusion. Tho name, Agnos- tloern, was first suggested by Professor Huxloy iu 1869, and' Herbert Spoooer called It the 44 Religion of the Unkoow- be oalled Atheists, and concurred In what the psalmist said ages ago, .that ;ohly a fool would say In his heart, "Thore fs no God." The preaohor oould notaeoept tho conclusions of either Profesaor Huxley or Herbert Spencer on religions matters., Tbelra was a ghost of religion— a chang ing, fleeting snadow. ' It seemed eoaroely oredlble that two suoh men— one a load ing scientist and tho other a fore;nosb philosopher of the nine teenth oentnry shoald offer such an empty, nameless shadow to wor ship. ' People could not worship a shadow, they could not pray to an empty void, nor draw comfort and Inspiration from the unknown. The sonl cried ont for tho living God. Another substitute was oalled Positivism, or. tho religion of humanity. That Uno of thought owed Its existence to August Oomte, a Frenoh philosopher, born aboot 100 years ago. As a system of thought. It refused to be lieve In anything beyond phenomena, and the laws eonneoted with them. It held an attltade of hostility to the eapernatar&l;, and concentrated human thought within the limits of solenoe. Ail beyond Nature was taken from the people, loavtog them aa ornhana and walfa. and Htrars on fho troubled sea of life, loft to straggle help lessly And hopolossly with Bin and death. It dethroned tho oternal. God, and on- thronod Hamanlty. Thoreforo, lb must be oonfessod that Positivism was a narrow tend helpless creed. In1 It there was no nopo, no redemption, no salvation, no hereafter. Where was the man who oould stand onder the oanopy of the cathredal of Immensity and gaze "into the starry heavens ' without, In the depths of . bis sonl, echoing the grand old bnrst of the psalmlsb, 11 The hoavens deolaro tho glory of God ?" He, for . one, preferred the glorious old Gospel, with its Inspiring Ideal, to the teachings oi Positivism. The Gospel dealt with all the great ques tions of life and death, and proclaimed, in trumpet tones, tho £reat dootrlne of a future life. ( Another snbstitnte was called Pessimism, in which It was sought to teach that life was nob worth living. Listening to tho voices of woe— the sighing of withered hopes and blighted proapeots,— the pessimist was like the ocean In Us darkojt nights, with Its wild waves and terrible tragedy. He was haunted by the whisperings of a voloe whloh asked, 44 Were it not better not to be than live a life so full of myatory ? " Schopenhawer, a German nhilosoDher. was said to be tho founder of this system. By him, Was was desorlbed as being befooled by Hope, and dancing Into the arms of death. These modern sabstltutes were only will o' the wisps, rashlights, or wandering metegrs, and were bnraing themselves out in friction with human thought and experlenoe ; whereas, the Gospel, like the son, was filling tbe world with light, beanty, and froltfulness. In the gospel of Ohrlst, ib was fonnd that even the sorrows and affllotions of life were taken up, In the graoioua providence of God, to work out nis great designs for man's salvation and perfection. In con clusion, the rev gentleman remarked, that nothing woald bo preaohed In the build ing they bad opened that day bob the toaohlngs of the Bible— tbe groat verities of Christianity. Inoluded in the musical portion of the service, was a solo, 44 When the weary, seeking rest," whloh was feel ingly rendered by Mrs J. Mitchell, Misses Dnnn and Davis (alto), Mlases Iok and Wookey (soprano), Mr A. G. Fletcher (tenor) and Mr W. Fletcher (bass) assist ing in eonoerted portions. During the offertory, Miss Anderson (from Laanoes- ton) sang 44 He wipes the tear " with duo effeot, and holy communion was cele- brated at tho close of the servloe. -The collections for the day amounted to £6'8s 3d. A pnblio meeting and ooffee supper will be held this evening. A concert will be held in. the Forth Town Hall to-morrow evening, in aid of the fond for roofing the hall. Tho Westward Ho Dramatic Olub will appear ab the town hall, Uiverstone, to morrow evening, in " Current Oaah." Mr T. Oollett will hold hts monthly stook sale at Uiverstone to-day, and to morrow he will sell Mr T. L. Button's furniture, &oy; afa Ulverstone. The dates of the next Ooast visit of Mr A, J, Hall, the well-known surgeon dentist, will be found in outadvertising columns. The Khakee Dramatic Olub is an nounced, to prodnoe 44 Milky White" and 44 More blunders than one" In tbe Devonporb Town Hall on Friday 'even- ing. The objeot to which the proceeds are to be devoted is nob stated. The ohalrman of the Uiverstone Town Board, In odmpllanoe with a requisition, has oalled a meeting for Thursday even ing, In the looal town hall, to consider what steps shall be taken to raise a memorial to the district troops who have fallen in South Africa. The fourth quarterly meeting of the Mersoy Licensing Benoh was held at the Courthouse, Devonport, yesterday. Present : W. Aijcenhead (ohalrman), P. O. Maxwell, S. Phillips, and Ji Murray/ EW Certificates of transfer were granted to R. W. Lowe, of the Mejrsey Hotel, East Deyouport, and G. Alexander, of the Fonnby Hotel, West Devonport. No objections in either oaee wore raised by the polios ' 