A'fc'oimoon Tea. . ; Each ghost is requested to . bring a photo graph of herself taken when a child. Aprize. is offored to the person who identifies the most 'pictures. It consists of a photograph of the hostess in a silvor frame. : The lady of tho house receives guests at the entrance of tlio-drawing-room, and as the pictures are handed to her they are numbered according to a . list and then distributed1 amongst tbo visitors. The guessing causes muoh amttse- meat, anda dull, wet afternoon passes all too qnickly and pleasantly for those present.'" "Quotation" tea is said to be mnch in vogue in England just now. A soheme baa been devised for preventing the early stages of a! dinner party — always tho most perilous — from beoommg bbrcsome. A lady invited 10 gentlemen and ,10 ladies to din ner, the gentlemen being ushered into a room whore, they could leave their hats and coats, and the ladies being introduced into an apart ment where they might apply the final dab of—well, we need not mention it! . While each gentleman was "straightening Mb hair he was presented by an attendant with a quaint Japanese toy, tied- with ribbon, all the toys being different, Eaoh lady while surveying in the looking-glass the set- of tho curl on her forehead also was givon a toy, corresponding to one. of tho toys given out in. the opposite room. TIi en there was a race to the dining- room, The gentleman who held a yellow monkey with green eyes had -to seek oat the lady who was provided with a corresponding zoological specimen, while/the blushful youth < who had a scarlet dragon -was obliged to brunt for - a consort who possessed a similar gew gaw. Tho first, properly-: assorted pair to be 'seated at tho dinner table were presented with a silver-backed mirror as a prize. The race was vigorously contested from start to finish, and was - woq" by a speedy bsohclor and'his 'partner in record time. . ' Mr. ahfl Hiss.Diokson wore among Mr. and Mrs, D'Aroy's party air the; Epsom races for tho .spring meeting. Thoy . attended tho Easter banquet at the Mansion House. Their chief engagement on .Saturday was a lun cheon party at Sir Riohard "Webster's. On May 12 they go to Wariyiok Castlo, to'lnn'oh with the Earl and: Oonntesa of Warwiok. The Hisses Dickson hope to visit Bourne mouth, tend stay with Lady Musgrave. /After Queen's Birthday they leave for France, to. stay with friends-in -tho conritiy. latter, the; Exhibition is to have their' attention, and. 'about June I ffioy hope to catob tho steamer, on' their return journey to Australia., : . . I hayo hoarded this anecdote (says "St. Leonards") fdr years— bad it from its original source, and ifT do not make it. public some- ono else will. Two little girls;, who bad always been striotly enjoined never, to uso the . word devil, wore breakfasting, and on their table .was tepot of devilled ham, bearing the figure of his Satanic Majesty as trade mark, The ybungstera quarrelled, and one in a great: rage exclaimed, '.'You — you— you-thirig on. tho ham pot." . ; The furorb forkhaki is aaid to he cooling, down (acoording to tho. Scotsman). . ' Instead of the trying eand ' Coloured, hue. (of the soldlqre' ' Aftioan-' uniform,,, brown, hofland,' whitey brown, , and,-, indeed, "all pale shadea'of ;h»wri»'e«ep(|:tote' 'Ufsm» f- , 