TOM OSSINGTON'S GHOST. (By RICHARD MARSH). C.LAPTIIll XVV.-(Continuled.) "11hsy do you askle us such a ques tion?" About the imai, s earnestness, as he responded, there coul0 be no doubt. The nmuscles of -his face twitched as with St. Vitus' Dance; beads of sweat stood upon his brow: the intensity of his desire to give adequate expression to his thoughts seemed to hamnper his powers of Iit terance." "leceause I wa\nt soame one to hielp iie-soni one, God or man. IlecIIause, during the last year and1 more I haveC endured a continual agony to which I doubt if the pains of hell can be com pared. Because things with me have come to such a pitchl that it is only at times I know if I am dead or living, asleePli or waking, mad or sane, myself or anllothler." lie pointed to Graham. "lie lhas told you how it was with me aforetime;' hq15 I siwas haunted drivemn by a. ghost to gaol. When I was ii. alol it was sorse a tlhousandfold I wiss haunzteil, always, day and night. The ,host of my old friend-tihe best friend man ever hrad-iwhom in so mnany ways.I1had so blacldy and often wronged, wiiswith me, continnally, in iuy cell. Oh for some sign by which I could .know that my sins have been forgiven me!-by which I could learn tint by sufftering I could atone for tie eiil I has done. :Some sign, O Lord, some sign!". Hle threw his hapids above his head in a paroxysm of pdssion. As Qhas been said of. more thllaln one great tragic actor, in his voice there were tears. As, indeed, thlere were iti the eyes of a.t least one of those who heard. His inlanner, when Ie 'proceeded, was a little calmer--which very fact seemed to italicisa the strangeness of his tale. "The first day I spent in prison I was half beside, myself with rage. I had done things for which I had mlerited plunislnlent, even of man, aild now. tlhat puniisinment lhad coime, it wais for some thing 1 had not done. Tihe irony, as well as the injustice of it, made me nearly wihl. I lhid my first taste of thie crank-which is as miserable, as futile, a(nd as irritatiing a. mode of tor ture Is was ever spewed out of a flesh a.ndl blood cranil's unhealthy stomach; and 1 iwas having,, what they emlled ther, dinner, iwhen the cell door opened and-Tom Ossington came it. It was just alfter noon, in tle broad dany. lie came right in front of me, and, leiul ing on -his stick, he stood and watched me. I had'not been thinkling of him, and, a m'oinent before, had been hot with fury, ready to dare or do. any thing; but, at the sight of him,. the strength vwent out of me. Mly bones miglht have been made of jelly, they seemed so little able to support my body. There was nothingabout him which wasin the least suggestive of anything unusial. lie i was. dressed in a Short coaint Iand:felt iat, w?hich iere just like tliij.coat a.nrid hats .wliicll he alhvays hiid iwori;' 'and 'he liiad ijihis lisad the ideitical stick 'sbidot IIhad seen :hini' eaitrry perlfaps s tliousand times. If it.was a" ghost tlhen there are gliosts of:clothes as Vell as of men. If it iwas :iinioptic-il delusion, then there dare :more tbings 'in?' optics 'than are d:ren-a?t of in :our philosophy. If it was hl 'hallueiultion :born of a disord ered .~ iind, then')itis possible to be comle a luiiatie wi' thoiut being conscious of iisny nprelininnaryg.; sappingus of lthe bini;i ,nid it;is- indeed but. an invisible bordeE linhe hieli dividasi.tli inadmeni fioni thie saine." S' 'Well,. Cliarlire hbe said, in?';e q'iuiet tones which li had kniown :io well, 'so it's come to this. i'o?Yu niadie i:bit of a, mistake iin conming whlen-youi did. to feitch away tiihatforitnme of.d youri:.: "'It seems,' I: said,' :ais :if;I. h iad i "Hie "llaughed--tha li gcndtle lhiIgh;' of his which haid; al- aj;;s; ee1i~ d tb meo to be so full of enjoy;nienit.:':"-. :,: " 'Never mnind, Charlie 'soti (kindll other (ie. I: b forittune- on't runrm away w wile ?yon're inhere. Wit(li-it thot,l tuenuedand limped out; oft-:n.l d I h e clue 'ldoori :sceouti ng to open befori him t'itaiiiucl;obf his ihaid aid shluftiiig beluidhimi isin.ois lessly a.s it alind opened -- -It Avas";-oly lifter he had gome tin'I I:realised w?lait itn, s that I h-id seenii f -In iminstana I was in ':a anuck of sweaVkt .Whlil'I isiu ting.on 0ny stool, miosae deani tlhaioalelive; the door opaiened again,, this time w;vith (latteriu nd i idie . i no u0glhfaiid n ,a'i?-de appeared. :rlli gIared at- nie iini ~'fas hion -hilh meaiiotieat oluinies.N.E:,/i ? "'Is that you thlMngd ili e ci. o?e.ud liettce .take cIae': ,--;-m-.-adory : oIui miaiees a.-bmamt beginning;i%. ;,?.' : l'i:'e bin-ged- the door'?' ehui-d'l i aniiid-e w'ent."i:t- ~-i? Biallinigalt paused, to wipc hi row witl' the--hacks of hles Qand aitile "I made a bad0 beginig, and en (th: -vardee's ;- point:f:i of :'Io .iviwnhi fronis hd to 1w5 orse I :IdniotinliowV iaf the man 'I ihan inj?ied 1 hmi l.?s suf fered to toieture me: efolie my time; or if, where -hies, his:natiure c s changed, and hlie seeks "in thl?' grave, the ven geance lihe never.sougl t in life. If so, he hIs his fillt of it-the surely has had his fill of it!-ahleadly. It .was tlnrough him that I wais.thliere, uand now that I was there he miide amy sojolurn in the prison worse than it need have been. Mukc - worse, God lnows. "That first visitation of his was fol lowed by othees, Twice, thrice, some times four times a day, he would come to nie when. I wasi in my cell, and speak to me, aind-compel me to answer lim; ind .my.yoieo would be lhea.rd without. It bcmine quite a custom for the warder on- duty to stand out side iny cell, often in tihe middle of tie night, and pounce on me as soon as Tomn had gone. The instant Tom went, the warder would come in. Never once did an officer enter while le was actually with me, but, almost invariably, (is departure was the sig nal for the warder to put in his ap pearmnce. I don't know how it wa~ns, or why it Was, but so it s-as. I would be accused of caTrying oil 1 conversa tion with myself, reported, and pun ished. As a matter of fact, I was in continual hot water-because of Tom. Not a silgle week iassedI from tlhat in which 1 enteredr the prison, to that in which I left it, during which I did not undergo punishment of some sort or thle otller, lecacuse of Toni. As a re sult, all my marks were bad marks. W'lhen 1 left thie giol, so far from re ceiviig thii miisetrablo pittiance which good-coinduct 'prisoners are supposed to earn, 1 was peniniless: I Irhad not even thie where ithnal with which to buy myself a crust of liread. "A miore dlreadful forlm of torture TI'om could hardly hase invented. A iman .ncild not necessarily sutfer al though lie is ill graol. lBut I suffered. Always 1 was in tlihe. bad books of tihe ollicers. They regaided me as an in corrigiblle bad-conduct man-svhich. from their point of view, I w?s. All sorts of ignominy was heaped on nme. Every formn of punishment I could be made, to undergo 1 had to undergo. I never earned my stripe, nor the right of hlavilng a coir miattress with which to corr thie bare board on tlhich I was supposedL to sleep. I was nearly stalred, owing to the Ierpletuanlly re curring bread and wrater. And the hIorrors T endured, the devils rwhich be set ire, inl that unspeakable dark cell! To me. gaol was a long-drawin-out and ever-increasing agony, front thIe first rmomentc to the last. '"Godl knows it was!" 'iThe speaker pnrused. He stood, his fists clelcnhed, staring vacantly in front of hint, ms if hle sar there, in a miist, the crowding speetres of the Inst. There seemedl to come a break ill lis voice s he continued. IIe spoke with. greant hesitation. "Some 'three months before my sen tence was completed, Tons changed hIris tactics. While I was sleeping such sleep'!--on the bare bonird which served me as a bed, I'd have a. vision. It wasi like a. vision-like a vision, -rnd yct-itr as as if 1 was awake. It. seemed :is if Tom came to me, ard put hris armi.nto mine, and led me oat of gaol, a'nid' brought me here. to Clover Cottage". I e'di staird at tdre gate and say 'Clioilie,'this .is Clover Cottage,' aind-I'danswyer, 'I know it is.' Then he'd lauigh-in some way that laiugh of his seomed to cut me like oa knife. And he'd lenad mie down tile pathway rand into thie house, to this very room. Thonugh"-B-allingoall looked about him dloubtfully-"it wvasn't furnished as it is now. It was likeit used to be. And ihe'd go and stand by thie door; as you did"--this was to Madge-"and he'd say, 'Now, Charlie,; pay particular at-. tention to what I.Lam about to do. I'nm. going o shqoow ynou how to get thiat for tune of yours-- slhichl you came fdor once:: lefdreo and iovent awenay~vithoitt. asow obseive.' "Thltii he'd w-alk sftraightt across thie rooi, :as ycu: did,'. again to 'Madge "d 1 :.he'd turi ti: me and say, 'Noitee einct.ly swhalt I'm doing"':, Thui he'od taidke i:foot ruile: from his pockeet? nd he'd ideaesure three feet from wvhere ]Ie '.tood along thie floor.s A:hl n ie'dh hold up the rule, ard say, i'You see three feet.' Then ;he'd.'meisure four feet: from 'tm efloor, and hold out the Siile'iagr ainsi, say, 'You see:four feet:' Then li?e'd. pput is- lhand gnin~st . the prela ' rind rimove it upaui'ds, and it sulod : slid ?onenand thiere wais: an open space iithin. IIrle'd lro it his i han: into Utie open; space, and taike .some thiirg :oiti. it looked to me like ia sheet ofpiaperA. "nd :hle' say,'"This is what, will give you that fortune dof. ouis sillre ou find it . Only: yoai'll: lire to find it 'first.. :3?e. sure you finida? it; Cliirlie. ' .."'Al he'd i ughl 'nd, thod it wosi ithe gentle. liaui of his srhich:,I li' hi linown' so iscel of old, tlre r Wias some-: thnir n'iboiit it siche seemned to zidcek. me, arid .eut ie like a wdphi 'radi niliae nme quiver:.' Ie'd ::take my- arnt-.giii;,. and. leo?da le fromn the hlouse and'.back 'to the. gaol;~: iiad I'd i'-duet&o; fixnd isr self I? gon' Ithbreba' board, alone in the dak :cell, crying likeni child.: . ' it?:the: morning, perhip's at':din'ier tinme, In~,e' cOaie into. the cell: i? ?the uisual w?iy, 'nd ask mei " r '. Qh 'dlie, :do ydru ime.-ne her l': isnt nit;.' .; 1 es Tom,' I'd 'reply,",'-t 1' And :then e'd go on: "'in::'d' 'yil ou don'tk forgot. It'it most jimIportntCharlie, itha rto? 's sl? i t f t or- ct' 'i 11 tell yori ir-hit h.orri.utist rembi:.'li ike tisr iiod sird-te t Iliblo, or rmy pr-iye 'orbook or.' er-cit the cardof rides "iWhich ivas hung agarnst n ,e n?rall'antd: a piece of pencil-tho6igh i'her Ie:got that froli I neer: knevw, andi lied say, , 'Nosw r-rite whatI-die-. :Ai' I d, l:. 3n:idustas yot: saw i it on. the par s.liliehI. loft bleliind,; tiVr first liie?;iiii Ossiiigton's Ghost' lie' al v.aiy-s mdle idre '~rvite that;' it was the onl y ,allisildn h.e ever 'made' to :tere lieig .iing ytlhiig sdinirirsal ibout ris; pre seiiccthere; .aid! til:s secfiild line, rii m-st-rtraighltt'. nacross t,'hree-four il\\.'r'.¥ W1beutI' d 'sritton it he'd say: • 1''liarlie," mind y: taike' the, great est ea?ve of thlnitidoi't let it go out of sor ssessioioni tior: a ifroiiient: It's ti " 'uide to that fortuniiii of yours.' ."Then he'd go. 'And tI?he ~' i ment he had gone thire ws i.'der swouldd come bursting in, .iid citchl?o me wsith the pencil, and the 'Bible, or whatever it wais, in my 'lndrrd isitnli tlie iriting o, the flyleaf. And he'd begin to gird at m e. ' -'" " ' ,' "' 'So jyou're t a: n t gaini, are you? And you've got a 'cncil, havee you? arind beeni srtiting in yoiulr Bible? You're a pretty sort, upon my word you are. I tell you wlhat, it is, my. lhid, you'll get yourself into serious trouble be fore y0u've done.' "And hle'd takte the pencil away with him, and the Bibile, and the writing; anrd I'd be reported 'ag-in, and pnnish ed wital the utmost severity which was within the compass of the Governtor's power." Ia llingall stopped agnin. A convu'l sive tit of trembling saecmed to go all over him. "Trowardls the endc, tie vivion took a:tother form. Tom would bring m.e to the hoiu.st-only I think, not to this rcorn, but to another--and he would tc solethling--he vouild do soln5 tIling. s:aw quiite clearly whati it was In, did. iand unlderstoodl it well, but, so scon its I was out of tile loiuse; the crvtlvection of awhat lie lhad done be etlne blulrred as by a inist. I could ni1. ;lreenlmber at all. I'd wakte in my vell in an agony to think that itll tht 'tIom ha1d shown me shouthl haLve slip iped smy memory. In tie Inmorning he'd colme and :isle: "'Charlie. you remember whalt we lid Ilst night? 'No, Toni, T don't, I've tried to think, but I ctn't. It's all forgotten.' 'lhi';d Iltugh--his lanughl seeming to mocln me more than ever. " 'Never mind Ciharlie, I'll tell you all about it. You write down. what I say.' "And I wrote it down--the'last line vlwhich wns on the scrap of paper. Thlourghl I iever knew whalt it meant itucver.! never!' I've seaiched my brains many times to think; and been pi'ished for writing it egain aund "At last I was' :relensed, At last my God, at la't!"' '' His whcle frame.quivered. :lIe drew htimself uptight, as if endeavouring to bear himself as-.became a. man. "I nas intrc.ted, wlienr. goiig. out, ac cordtling to my desfirts. I had earned no favour, and -I ireceived none. The Govr cor reprimanded me, by way of a God-speed; toldnme that my conduict iwhile in prison ,'had been very bad, and warned me thrat it would go ill'with me if I returned. I went out in tihe rags in. wlicl I .had entered, without a penny in my poclket-lunngry at the mioment of Telease. I have niot tasted bite or sup from the time that I came' out of gaol until to-night. "In the aftelrnoon I came round to Clover Cottage. The first thifiTI sdss was hism." I-e pointed to Grahan. "IIe was itfraid of me, and I was afraid of him--that is the truth. Otherwises I should havre gone uip to ;him and asked him for at least a shilling, be cause directly I caught sight of him I kneivw what he was after, and .that. I was going to be tricked and. iobbed a:ain. While I was trying to summiton up courage enough to beg of:theminah whom I knew .had played me false,-I saw stme orie'lse, and I ran avoay. "I meanctt get a bed iii the easual ward of thie Varrdswiorth Workloiose. oBit Ii:m emirn?e to me as I was going thcre,erind tcld me niot to be.so silly, but to c'me and get the fortune w.hich was wvlaiting for me at Clover Cottage. So I camc.r; Buit? I 2never got the for tune. .. :' . 1 -:, "'- ' 'ind ear. since I';ve been- groinirg hun griei n. d i :hungrier, intil I-'l've growan bedside ihys elf with hungerZ-be cause Tomn stopped me wmhen I was.go ing to the worklhouse again last night, and bhde iieiiot tobe so silly iin seek ing for shelter .'anid for food.. nAiid nhot a otrileC!if hoti's:. ago hle came to :nr wsiiub.I wvas itring to .find ib-ole?26n thl Comimiionilin.v whiceh to sleep ?liid packed me. offdi once more to feftih as'ay m'y 'fortuine'. But :I :'haven't foind it yet-not ryet, not; :-:yet Though" he stretched out his arms :di either side of him, rmid on .his ? face therer cinle.? straige loook of v'ivliati seemed exiltationl-"I know: it's :aier':? .In :tIhe paise sivdli?lch followed d'Elii?' i:aised her ba,:nhad:: "Listes.i. sh:e . ,aclaimsed ;' ::"who's tulit? Tiheiae' sonic one t the gar ban gate." .? There did seem some one attiheg-ar den gate; sibmoie ? ie who opened ind sliut it ~iitlh baa bin" The'yt'3 x o be/d:ot siteps on thbe tiles :which lead :'to the front door::. TWiile tbhy wasited, listen ing forn: lia~ikok, ; inother soundsl, ii, beard. p R.I? c 'Taik: "rletd BElle.. 'Thre's soi01e one fumblinga-vsitli a latchkey atle; the door, trying: to oen it.: TVoever'. can it be--At: ths lin bur. of. the .inight? Thierd .lost lit siomd nmistake. " :: ':"1 tfhink,". siid [atiged in ??h~ei ?,e there irisas: :ary odd eapression ".it. i:s possible 'ith ress : no minstake-thrs time. 