DETECTIVE SKETCHES. BY SANDY SHARP T H E F A M O U S G L A S G O W EX-DKTKCT1VE. THE MINISTERS DISAPPEARANCE. " Well, Mxggie, is there auytLing BHW ia the Tillage since I was hire list rear ? Many marriages ? 1 sippoae old Elspeth Murcbison is .till living !" " Ha, he, Sandy ! 1 have heard you say that oily women ask BO maoy questions at once. Let me ste ; is tbire anything new in the village r Yes, we have got a new minister, ami BioBt of the uunstiK d women folk of Ci>Imonell are mote or less iu lovt- with hito." t glanced slyly at my cousin as she said tL-i», but there was oot the ghost of a blush on her pretty fuce. The mini«ter's charms had failed to influence bur. " You are one of the exceptions, 1 suppose ?" " There has been only one wedding here since last summer, and ('Id Elspeth is expecting her usual present : bave you remembered her snuff I-" - " Yes, Maggie ; but about the minister—jou don't like lim. I faucy r" No, Sandy, I don't ; but why, 1 really cannot tell you. He is * sood-lookiug man, preaches a passable Himon, and is a great favourite at the HaU.'' " Yes—there are feur marriageable girls there,' I remarked. " But whence jour antipathy f ** Seriously, Sandy, I dou't know how ta H- plain it. I hare heard it said that some species of snakes exercise a sort of fascination mingled witb dread, upon those who came within reach of their terrible powers. And every time 1 am is the company of the minister I am full of a strauge feeling that there is something wrong about him, and that bis life is a lie—a sheer hypocrisy. Have you ever experienced a similar kiud of feeling toward* anyone you bare met ?" " Well, no, Maggie ; I ctnnot say that 1 have. But we detectives are su often brought into contact witb shady characters of all descriptions that I scarcely think 1 should be so strongly impressed as you seem to be. by (he minister. You must introduce me." " There will be no ueed ; as sum as he knows there is a stranger here he will probably come and introduce himself in his own original and inimitable Jashiou.*' For severkl years in succession Mrs. Sharp and I bad agreed to take our summer holiday separately ; the fact being that I oould not sUud my wife's brother, wilh whom she liked to Btay. My cousin Maggie tad always bees a special favourite of mine ; we should probably bare entered iBto a nearer and dearer relationship but for ber foolish prejudice of first COUMUF. She was the mistress of the parish school, and, so far is I could ]udg?, quite contented with ber lot as a prospective old maid. 1 must confess tliat my curiosity had been whetted by tbe description of the new minister, and I awaited with something like impatience his expected visit. But to tbe astonishment c-f my ccttsin, he did not come near tbe scboolbuuse. " The minister is going to fight shy of veu. Sandy ; he does net like men of your prc-fessioB," said Maggie en the third day of my visit. " But I am going to call on his sister, and if he is in I will tell bim of your ariival; then he will be obliged to call " " His sister ? You did not mention a sister. What is she lik- ?" " Tall, well-proportioned, good-looking, of ligbt complexion ; a perfect Juno, the laird's eon styles her." That afternoon I was out with Maggie, and near the bridge over the Stinchtr noticed an old man leaning against the parapet ; a mote ill favoured countenance I think I never saw. His skia waa the colour of parchment, and wrinkled so much as to indicate that he bad long since passed the alloted span of life, although be was really not yet seventy. HIE bushy white eyebrows shaded a pair of keen, cold grey eyes ; while, having lost all his teeth, bis aose seemed more hooked, nod Lis chin more prominent than was the case. He was known to be a miser, and lived on what cost Lim little. Skim milk and oatmeal, made into broie, formed tbe principal portion of his food, for in tbe coldest dey of winter be never had a fire. That he had plenty of money somewhere was currently believed in tbe village. " Ah ! There is one who is never tired of praising the minister's sister." said my cousin. " What she can find in such a man to induce ber to spend heirs with bim in his dismal room is a problem Ireannot solve." I must here confess that I began to fancy jealousy bad something to do with Maggie'* evident pr«3udice against Miss Meldrum. She was introduced to me on the third day of tny visit, and whatever the minister's influence en my cousin, bis sister seemed to me one of thi' most charming women I bad ever met. I bad been a week in Colmonell when at an unusually early hour one morning ou my way to a well-known shady spot on the Stinchar to see if I could get a few trout for breakfast, I just, caught a glimpse of Miss Meliirum entering the tumble-dowu cot in which the old miser lived 1 naturally wondered what she could £ sstbly want there at such an hour, but forgot the incident until nextday, when the village was startled by the discovery that Old Donald, as he was familiarly styled, had been fouDd dead in his wretched abode. The doctor sai 1 be must bare heen dea-i at least tbiity-six, and probably forty, hours, and if this opinion were correct, he was dead when Miss Meldrum wns in the house the previous morning. I thought this very strange, but kept my own counsel until I saw the minister, when I casually mentioned having seen bis sister at 5 a.m. enter the miser's cottage. Mr. Meldrum was not startled ; he must have possessed a wonderful command of nerve. " Pardon me, Mr. Sharp ; but you are quite mistaken ; my sister was ill yesterday morning, and took breakfast in bed. She was not down until past noon." He said this in such a quiet self- possessed tone that I found myself wondering if I csuld possibly bave been mistaken. But no ; th< re was not another woman in the neighbourhood like the minister's sister. The more I pondeied it, so much the more was I certaiu that I had made no mistake. Old Donald's cottage was in an angle formed by a lane turning from the ordinary road, and tbe minister's bouse was some quarter of a mile down the lane, where it again joined a wider road. And having decided that the minister and his sister were both wilfully deceiving me, I began to think of the possible motive, but here I was completely puzzled. The old miser had evidently fancied be might die suddenly, for the village carpenter had previously had instructions about the funeral, and in tbe minister's hands had been placed a sum of money suffi i< nt to defray the expenses of a simple funeral. I stood near the churchyard gate, and Doticed a stranger in deep black, who seemed to be tbe chief mourner. Next day, assisted by the village com table, a semch was made of the cottage by the stringer. Old Donald's nephew, who had never had twopeuce from the aid miser during the tatter's liletinv, but who would uow iuherit, according to tbe will, property and shaies in the Glasgow and South-Western Railway worth in the a<"»r« - gute about £10,000. The deeds ol the bouse property were missing, hence the search. Ihty weie nut foun3, and V ariug of my prestn-.rn in ] the village, (he miser's hi ir called upon me. sini ] requested my assistance in tracing tLe. l ist . documents. I agreed to do wiul I ctiuld, »nd j at once suspected that either Miss Mtluium j or her brother, or both, could produce tte papeis, if they cared tr> do so. But I said nothing of my suspicion to Mr. Sturruck. tbe miser's nephew. Knowing I could trur-t my cousie, however, I told ber tkat I had seen UisB Meldrum entering Old Donald's cottage bt 5 a.m. tbe day before he was found dead. " Sandy, shall I tell you a secret t It (night be difficult to prove, but iu my own mind it is true enough. Promise uie you will not make use of tbe information unlets you deem it imperatively necessary for the furtherance of strict justice." " 1 do not care to make rash promises, Msggi9, but for once I will trust you, and give the required pledge." " Then prepare for a startler. Miss Jennie Meldrum is neither more nor less than Mrs. George Ferguson Meldrum, the minister's wife." Whew ! Are yon sure of it ?" 1 asked. " Have you any proof ef the astounding assertion you make." " Not direzt, but plenty of evidence by inference. ID the first piece, they bare never bad a servant, except for a few hours during the day, and Mrs. Birse, my school caretaker, when on a visit to ber sister at- Rothesay last summer, saw the Meldrums there, and the lady was wearing a wedding ring then." 1 did not tbiok it politic to tell Maggie that I should try to discover whether her strange tale was true or nst. If it proved to be well founded it would, to my thinking, go a long way to confirm m.v suspicions that) the minister could tell where the missing deeds might be found. They related to four houses in (jrirvan, and I went there te ascertain if anyone had been recently to inspect the houses, or if aught was known of any attempt to secure a mortgage upon them. But my journey was fruitless. Heachiug Pinwherry Station by tbe last train, I bad nearly three miles to walk to Colmunell. There was a path through tbe tields that cut off a considerable corner, passing a couple of limtkilus that overhung a short by-road. 1 was getting over the style near the kilus when tbe sound of an aBgry voice at the kiln top arrested me. It was quite dark, and I kuew I could not be seen. " 1 tell you I winna dae't, Mr. Meldrum— Bay, for double tbe money. Ye said 1 should only have to go—sh ! There's somebody by tbe stile ; I can see the shadow o' a man." 1 proceeded at a rapid pace towards the village, but saw not'rjiug of the miuister. That he had been trying to persuade tbe old limeburnor to do something illegal I felt certaiu, and tbat it had to do with the lost deeds 1 strongly suspected. Is the morning I strolled out to the limekilns, but the low-.-ized man now in charge was not the one I wished to see. I learnt tbat Big Tom would net be. there till six iu the evening, but I might possibly find him at his home, a cottage out a mile or so on the Ballantrae-road. I went there, but was told that Tom Rattray bad not come home since leaviug the kilus, which he would do that morning at six o'clock. On my return to Cousin Maggie's another pirce of startling information awaited me. The minister had not been at home all uiglit. and his sister had sent te ask my cousin if be had been at the gcboolhouse the evening before. Another day passed, and Miss Meldrum. as I will call her, came to me iu deep distress, and asked me to help her iu finding her brother. I was tempted to tell her what I had heard the man at the limekiln say. But the natural repugnance of a detective to show his hand to an opponent was loo strong at the time, and I told the lady I was completely at a loss to conjecture any reason for her brother's unaccountable disappearai.ee. The irit.i^tei's absence created great excitement in tbe village, and the elders were ia a fix, for bow was tbe setvice to be carried on P Tom Raltruy also did not return. At first his absence caused BO alarm, for be had often gone to Girvan, on the spree, for a week at a time, coming back when tbe money be had taken with bim was all spent. Mr. Sharp staying here ?" eaid asti anger, with a remaikable likeness to (he truant minister that I instantly set bim down as a brother. " My name is Sharp," 1 said. " I have been to your home in Glasgow, and was directed here. It seems almost providential that you sh-.-uld actually be staying in this village. I have come to you for aid in ascertaining what has become or my brother, of whose mysterious and unaccountable disappearance you are aware. Can you help me ?" " Well, you see, my holiday expires next Saturday, but possibly I may be able to get it lengthened, supposing the riddle is not solved by Saturday. But I must ask for your entire confidence. Is the lady who lives or did live with-Mr. Meldrum, your sister ?" "No, certainly not; she is bis wife, it would have been well for my brother bad he never met that woman." " I will be equally open with you, Mr. Meldrum. I am retained by a Mr. Sturreck, of' Glasgow, to discover some lost deeds, missing from the house of an old miser who died last week here. And, yon will pardou me for saying so, I have strong suspicious that Mrs. Meldrum could tell as where the deeds are now," and 1 related having seen the lady coming out of old Donsld'a cottage at 5 a.m., when, according to the doctor, the miser must have been dead. " I cannot believe my brother has been so far led by that humble woman as to be guilty of knowingly having iu possession any stolen documents," said my vi:-ilor coldly, and I did not luither hurl Lis feelings by telling him that the minister Lad declared tbat Lis wife had not been out that morning at all. Feaiitig tbat after my departure, the iimeburuer aud the minister had Lad a quarrel. ?nd that the latter might have been pushed, or fallen, into the burning limekiln, I weut again anil eaw Big Tom's assistant, asking him iu careless manner if be ever knew of a life b: iog losl at the kilus. " No, never," he replied, but there wes u shifty, uneasy look in his eyes that seemed auspicious. " Then you did not find anything Strang* among the lime, or the ashes last Thursday morning, when you raked out tbe lime ?" I went on. " No, I didn't." 1 felt convinced the fellow was lying ; but, without a scrap of evidence to prove my conviction, what could I do 'i Not the remotest trace either of the miuister or the lime-burner could I obtain, although the aid of the police Hue aod Cry was requisitioned, and advertisements inserted in the carinas Scotch and English papers. Three years passed, and the ColmoceU romance had almost been foigotten by we, bare and except that I sometimes wondered what had become of tbe minister and his handsome wife. An old friend of many yeirs standing, Sergeant Fleming, of tbe 78th, came with his regi neat to Mary hill Barracks, and 1 seen afterwards went to spend an afternoon and evening with the sergeant's mess. " That's a handsome fallow I remarked tu my frieud, es we entered the bairacke, a very tall sergetnt going out at the same time. " Yes, and bis htight and good looks bare been of service to bim since be joined us in LouJor. i'e has only seen three years' service I ami bs i< a Rut 'iobcdv wvhf, or is | jealous u: ; iai. :> in Us: ll.'.ii(l'-d i hap dots j not wear tLe uuiioroi. He is a lucky fi'liow, is Sdgtant l'oibes, iu more ways than our, fur be i« tu be man ieJ on Thursday to lh« crLiisol's SJOVKIUUSS, a splendid woman. Look ! There she is ! she is off to meet the sergeant. I'll bs bound." J dnl Inuk, and iu a moment recognised Mrs. Jiclu'ruin. WhaL wan I to do 'i How had the procured the positiiDU in the colonel's family ? Would it be right tu allow tile seige«ut to many this woman, considering what 1 knew about her ? These and kiodred questions surged like lightping through my brain, and my old trieud, nuiiciijf; nav sudden quietness, asked me what was the matter. " I could almost faucy you knew the hand* some governess," lie remarktd. " She is just a bit faded, on the wrong side of thirty, you kuow, but .she will make a good wife for the sergeant, for she is tall, like htm, and tbe colonel already t&lks; of getticg Lim a commision. He saved the life of thi* colonel's youngest child, aud old Forsyth is not one to forget such a service. If Forbes does get a commission, the colonel will help him to keep up bis place in the brigade, you see if he doesn't." It was not far from nine o'clock when the tall sergeant came iBto the messroom and I found myself wondering where I had seen bim before, BOW tbat I could see him at close quarters and minus his hat. But wlien he spoke, is spite of tbe difference in his tone and a^ceut, the result of his three yedrs' intercourse with his fellow soldiers, I recognised the man. It was tbe same voice I had heard that uight by the limekiln, sayiug—" I tell you I winna dae't, Mr. Meldrum !" " What is the name ef the lady he is to marry ?" I asked my friend. " Miss Jeaauie Greig,"' was the reply. So the minister 8 wife hid assumed another name, possibly her maiden name, I said to myself. Does she know that the man she is about te marry disappeared from Colmonell on the same uight as ber husband, the minister, went amissing ? And i. not, is it not my duty to make it known ? I was poor company for tbe sergeant's mess that evening, and my old friend must bare imagined I had grown misanthropical. I returned home without having been able to come to a decision on the subject that was tarmeotiag me. and thought I might do so by " sleeping on it." As the result, I wrote a note addressed to Sergeant Forbes, asking him to see me at a wellknown public- house near tbe barracks at seven that evening, on a matter that affected his dearest interests. Will he keep the appointment ? I wondered, as I walked out to the inn. I waited outside, having a wish to see him alono. Yes ; he was coming. " 1 see you got my note, sergeant; will you walk with me a little way ? What I have to say will not take five minutes. In the first place will you tell tte why yon left Colmonell P' '* Colmonell I Who are you ?" He asked hoarsely. " I daresay you have beard my same ; it's Sandy Sharp, detective." *• What do you want with me ?" " To tell you that Miss Jeannie Greig, the woman you are about to marry, is really Mrs. Meldrum, wife of Rev. George Ferguson Meldrum, formerly minister of Colmonell." " Then you know me too." " Yes ; you are Tern Rattray, the limeburner. You left Colmonell on the same night the minister disappeared !" "Disappeared ? Yes—into the burning kiln ! But it wasna me did it, as God is my judge ! We heard footsteps going <along tbe path under the kilns, and the minister-was so frightened o' being seeu iu siccan » place, he stumbled ower a lump o' limestone, an' tammailed head feremost into the kiln. I oonldna.help him, far my long rakes were dawn below, and afore I could get ane o' them, be was doneifor. That is the hale truth, Mr..Sharpt?" And I believed him Oh, my God ! I see*him every night, in my dream, sinking infen thei white-hot lime, and me powerless to succour bim !" groaned the sergeant, with his head.bent 'on his breast. " It is strange you did notiknow bis wife," I r< marked. *' Nay ; not so ttraDge.tseeing'I lived away frae Colmonell, out on the road tOtBallantrae, an' never went to church. Ob. dear ! What will 1 do ? We're to be macriedlto-morrow." " Don't ask me what joufre to-do, Rattray. 1 nisi not interfere with you* Marryiher by all means, if yon think you can lbs happy with her. But what was the cause oftthe quarrelS bet ween you and t": e minister ?'" " Quarrel ? We had naetquarrel !" " But I heard you teQ yon wouldn't do(somethicg he wished you to, not for double the money. And yonr voice shonred tbat you \ were »ngry." "He wanted me to go (to the old! miser's house in the dead o' night, and search for (tome lost papers." I see. Well, sergeant, you have noticing to fear from me. But you.must not forget*the> danger of your bride discovering your eecnetfci" " I'll hae to chance tbat.jMr. Sharp. It's gaen too far to draw back " The marriage took place, aod'my old friend' assured me !bat Forbes and^his wife seemed very happy. A few months afterwards thegBergeants^gare; a ball, and my wife and I were (invited. JAfter' the ball, we were to have the room of anialtsent servant who had jusLlost his wifei, and was-£0way on leave. Mary was asleep,, and I was dosing off when a terrible scream—thattof a woman*- in dire distress—thoroughly-aroused< me. Throwing up the lower sash of'the - window, I sawrtiba flying figure of a wouiau in her night atjtfred runcing across the barrackjsquare. I could $dis- 1 I tiuctly hear ber cries of "'Help ! Help !" asttlie '\ door of the colonel's house opened, and ,i>be^ disappeared inside, just < as Sergeant. Fotfcesj lushed out of bis quarters. Not seeingtthe objn:t c t his purtuil iu tbe open square, < be ran f b.clc to bis rooms. In the morning I was.startled to learn that; f Seigeant Forbes bad got '"the blues," nod was t iu the guard-room with, a-strait jacket on. " Listen to him !' said my friend. " That '- is what he has been shoutiog ail the time/ since I he was brought here-from 'the square «in his t sbirt. ,: Who says I threw-him into the kiln ? He:] c it - i i t i i j-j .*/ ! fell tn himself ! I didn't munder him !? She- . . . ^ • . . ... . ,„ says 1 did, but it isn t'true ; no„ it-is not t?rue ! This bad been the burden of his raviug s for i four hours. Bv 10 a jm. .Sergeaet Ferb/.-s-he i had assumed Lis mother's maiden name when j ise enlisted —was quiet, an.t seemed to hi • quite j ignorant of what TaopeKcrl. Fi, wii e had S declared her urn- itw* W.Wmi.v liop n,-ver to | live witb Lim rg,is a„.l. i„ fsct. before (he was i taken to tl.< «... 1-.,. IV- ffi,-f: from il.e g«»r«l-room to answer U cCaipc- t ,:,unkcnneSS and! brawling .„ tbe squaie at 3 a.m. his wife was t u her J ir j- u . , ... . „ . ^ • way tu Ediaburgu luniisbcd with sul ncieutn.ouiy for her immediate wants by the cd louel's ! wife. Sergeant Forbes was let off with AI strong ; reprimand, but before ieturoing--to bis<qi* arters : the colonel told him of bis wife's Sight,.an) 1 binted that it was the result of some secret bt' had divulged during tbe night when under tb e influence of drink. The sergeant was pi atly startled, and seemed terribly downcast * his wife's departure. " Forbes will desert, take my word fort it," said my frieud Fleming. It is another insta tee ' of a man's life being wrecked by a woman." ' Tbe big sergeant weut back to his dtity^ty it wiUiia a month was reduced to the rank£ f^ r drunkt nn< ss, and within a week after tbat he deserted. It was th'-ught that he would be easily captuied becsuse of his height, but this proved a fallacy. The Following summer I went again for a to.'tui^Lt to Culmcnell, and, walking out one cveuii:£ wi'.ll Cousio Maggie in the gloaming, was startled to see a very tall man dart across the road and lulo the cottage of old Mrs. Halt,ray. the limeburner's mother. Hastily explaining matters to my cousin, I went to the cottage, lifted the latch, aod walked in. " IJou't be afraid of me, Tom Rattray ; I will ust harm vou," 1 said. " Then God bless you, Mr. Shatp. I only came to see my mother. If I can get back to tbe lighthouse without be ing captured I must cot venture here again." " Then yon are a lighthouse-keeper now, Kattray ; where ? " " Corsewall Point, sir ; do you know aught of my wife ? " " No. Rattray." " I'd give ten years of my life to make her bi>iieve I did not murder the miuister.'' " You may meet some day ; who knows ? " I said, as 1 left the mother and sen together. My words were prophetic, for only a mouth afterwards I happened to take Mary to see a friend of ours in Edinburgh Jntirmary. Almost tk>p first nurse I saw as we entered the ward where young Rankin was lying was Mrs. Forbis. I got as near to ber as possible, and quietly sajd— " How ate you, Mrs Forbes ? " Her still beautiful face was pale enough ere I spoke, but it became so ghastly white tbat I feared a scene. " I do not remember you. sir, but you appear to know me. If you have a spsikof pity for an unhappy woman, leave me, aud forcet tbat yuu ever saw me. For pity's sake do what 1 ask." Not till I have delivered the message entrusted tu me. I have lately seen your husband, and I am firmly convinced that the death of your first husband cannot be laid to the charge of Tom Rattlay or Forbes." Aly first husband !' she gasped. " Yes ; the minister sf Colmonell. I was staying at theschooihouse when he disappeared. Your husband is yearning for your assurance tbat you do not believe htm guilty. Surely you will not continue to hold him responsible for a death BO one deplores more than he dees ?" " Where is be now r" '* A keeper at the lighthouse ou Corsewall Point, beyond Stranraer.' The softened expression that had come over her face since I spoke to her auguied well for the success of my appeal, and I bade htr good afternoon in the belief that Tom Forbes would not be long a lighthouse keeper. A few weeks afterwards I bad a call from Sergeant Fleming, who told me thatFoibes and his wife, accompanied by his mother, bad sailed for Australia, Colonel Forsyth having generously given Forbes £50, besides defraying tbe cost of tbe three passages. And when I went up to Marybill Barracks again, I learnt that Mrs. Forsyth had made the discovery that ber governess was a sleep- walker. She bad been stopped at the barrack gate when going out at two a.m., folly dressed. It set me wondering whether she was in tbe state of somnambulism wheu I saw her entering tbe miser's cottage ; and I thought Bhe might not hare been the guilty wuaan I deemed her at tbo time. 