LETTER FROM A TASMANIAN. The "Mercury" publishes the follow ing extracts from letter received from Trooper H-larold Iawson, under date Dundee, Natal, May 16. (This letter had been mis-sent to Brisbane.): Here I am, back at the front again, having been on the march for nine days, and this time Buller has done a splen did feat. The day before yesterday we had the Boers in full retreat. Thor neycroft's were escorting the itoyal Horse Artillery, and the way the ground was covered was marvellous simply flew over it-but the Boers hav ing a start of four or five miles, we had to content ourselves with shelling them and getting some rifle shots at them now and again. A lot of damage to them was done by the shells. Three days ago Dundee was full of Boers; to day there are none left. If they had stopped and showed fight in some of the passes we came through, we wouldn't have had a chance. We had five miles of transport. The Boers shelled us a bit, but did not do any damage. A brilliant flank movement was executed, which has completely dumfounded and disorganised our enemy. Our column (the main one) was on the left flank. General Hildyard had command of the centre through ]Elandslaagte, and on the left another division in charge of General Lyttelton, so the Boers had no ghost of a chance. We have been living like lords the last day or so, as the Boers, in their hurried retreat, left herds of goats, which we have been killing, and they go down first-rate with some bacon; but we miss the bread very much, the hard biscuits be ing a very poor substitute. WO are all resting at Dundee, having had a very hard week of it; out at 4.30 every morn ing, and never back till nearly 8 in the evening, and then some called to do picket work. The Boers fired the veldt as we came along for miles and miles, all along the line, to prevent our cattle grazing, but it didn't make much difference to us. When I re turned from Durban to our camp, .1 found it was a mistake my being re called, and I am going back first oppor tunity. I shall not be of any.use any more in this campaign, as my left shoulder and side are still very weak, and, as you are all very anxious for me to come home, no doubt you will see me in Hobart shortly, as I have no doubt the Imperial will give me my passage, and leave of absence for a time, Also under date Ingogo, Natal, May 24:-We have had 16 days in all hard marching, it being a case of carry ing everything before us, and sending the Boers in every direction, with very little loss of life-only two of ours hurt. One poor fellow has since died from his wounds. We are now camped at this place, about eight miles from Ma Juba Hill, of history fame, and Laing's Nek. The Boers are there in strong force, and have their big guns occupy ing an ideal position for defensive pur poses; but, come what will, the Union Jack must wave again on Majuba. We muster about 19,000 men. I am sorry that I shall be out of all this. I have tried very hard to get back to my duty again, but find it is no use. I am waiting, till the railway is repaired to obey. orders to return to Maritzburg. No bread for four weeks now-it's a real terror, these hard biscuits. I will 'bring some back with me, and I am sure you will fall in love with them! In all probability Trooper Hawson will be on board the troopship Karamea, expected at Hobart to-day. 