Local and General News. Fatality at Tamwobth.—A driving aoci dent occurred at Attunga, near Tamworlh, on Monday, to Mrs. Michael Byrne, the wife of a well known fanner. She was coming in to Tamworth from Attunga Springe with a buggy and pair of horses, when a trace be came loosened end tangled round the legs of■ the horses. The animals became frightened,1 and immediately bolted, the woman being thrown ont and killed. PAnTjiMnKTAitT-—In consequence of the approach of tho Commonwealth celebrations, the Premier said he would not keep Parlia ment sitting after November, and considers it unnecessary to pass a law at present to prevent members sitting in both Houses. He intends leaving any proposal of the kind over until after the general election. Mr. Lyne will probably ask the Assembly for a second free conference in reference to deadlocks in connection with the City Corporation Bill with a new set of managers on each ride. There is a feeling all round not to allow the rilnation to develop into apolitical crisis. Ton may he wanting some Seed Oats, Seed Potatoes, or any other agricultural seeds. If so, will you kindly see what .we are offering, before sending to Sydney, J. Biohaedson & Co.' Tubuo Schools' Avavmc Association.— A committee meeting in connection with the above Association was held on Saturday Isst, when the question of prizes at the Sports on 5th October was dealt with. Hie number of entries is so encouraging that the committee has increased the number of prizes in most of the events, and as these entries are from ell parts of the distriot it is hoped that the Association's valuable prizes will be very widely distributed. In the race for boys under 12 there are no less than $2 entries, for the Siamese raoe 16 oouplee, tor the Sack race 32. for the Potato raoe 43, and corres pondingly large numbers in other events, rhe fenny part of the programme, too, will be well contested, and patrons may expect to have a good laugh over such events as the Novelty raoe, the Menagerie raoe, and the dbstacle raoe In displays, which so in van- ; ibly please the publio, something of an un- < luially magnificent scale is expected this ' •ear bom the greater cumber ana increased ' irofloiencj of the competitors. . #< Vkivv.rsity Fxfension Lectdees,—Wo must remind those intending lo pro-en 11 hem selves for tlio examination on the course of lecture* delivered by Bishop Green for the University that the examination evil] be held in the School of Arte Hall, on Thursday next (fo morrow) at 7 o'clock-, Tlio Rev A G lVrkiuN has been appointed secretory. Tde YVeatheb.—Intermittent showers have fallen in Various parts of the country since lost report, and tho season generally is most inspiriting to tho filler of the soil. The principnl records -are: — Murrurundi 4 3 points, Tamworth 14, Walcha 5, Uralla 13, Gunnedah 19, Glen lanes )0, Nyugan 10. Hiilston 20, Wilcnnnia It, Mudgeo 65, Orange 47, Bathurst 26, Arrnidalo 8, Tort Maequnrie 26, Kcmpsey 64, West Maitland 59. N.S.W. Sriirarics —Whilst tho Slatis tioians's report on the vital statistics of New South Wales for 1899 is not altogether a satisfactory document, it contains much upon which we may congratulate,ourselves Thus the population has increased from 1,333,840 on December 31, 1898, to 1,366,G50 on December 31, 1899, an increaseof 22.810 persons, or at the rate of 1*7 per cent. This is not a high rate of increase,' hut it is an increase; which is more -than the -statistics of some other countries can show. If you want Patterns of our New Spring Season materials,, wo shall be happy to for ward them to you (post free) on receipt of a post-caid. J. BroHAnnsoir & Co.* Poisoned nea Cjuldbrn Tlio adjourned inquest ou the bodies of Gertrude Curacy (3i) and Percy James Caruoy (1 J), who were poisoned by their mother, near Numurirah, Vic, about a fortnight ago, was resumed on Friday. Whilst under arrest, the' woman was asked if sho knew tho result of her action, Sho replied, " You need not toll me, I must put up with it It is dono and can't be helped." Strychnine crystals were traoed in the stomach of the children, and the jury found Mrs! Caruoy guilty of wilful I murder. Sho will be triad at licnalla next month. Fran at Aemtdale.-A tiro broke out in the stable at tho rear of Dr. Sheldon's resi dence, Rusden-slreet, on Saturday morning, and occasioned a temporary scare in the oommumty Tho fire-brigade, direotcd by Captain Webb, was promptly on the scene, a couple of tho more enterprising members having commandeered a milk cart, in de fiance of the angry protestations of the small bay in charge, A detachment of police, under Sergeant Sharp, was also present and did excellent work. Tho firomon showed considerable smartness, and speedily con quorod the flames, the splendid force of water from tho main, through three branches of hose being obtained. The damage (about £30) is covered by insurance. AbMidale Matl-Setivice.—From 1st Octo ber the mail train from south will arrive at Arrnidalo at 6.65 a.m., which will necessitate 1 nUcrationa in tho despatch of mails at the local Post Office, particulars of which have I been supplied ns by Air. R B Humphries, acting.Poatmastor. The Hillgrovc mail will in future leave Am-idalo at 7.3d a.m., the Ihmdarra mail at 7.45 a.m., Rockvalo and Oban at 8 a m , Boorolong at 8 a m., Puddlo dobk at 8 30 a m. The mails will close for tho north at 10.45 p.m instead of 6.5 a.m., ns at present, to give an opportunity of hav ing tlio mails made up at night. Of the in ward mails Hiilgrove is due at 9.45 p.m. and mai'B for (lie South will close at 9.46 p.m half an hour earlier than at present, to catch the train _ which leaves for Sydney at 116 p.m. Mai is aro duo in Sydney at 11.8 a.m. Electeic Eight fob AranDAt.n.—At the Mayoral Banquet on Monday night Sir. C O. 1 Wilson staten that he had boon interviewed by the manager of the Sandon Water Power Electric Company, _ in reference to the ibumination of Armidale by electrieity. It was the intention of the Company to. light Armidale from their Gara WorVe, and also to run an electric tram between Hillgrovo and the Cathedral City," if arrangements could be made. Of course, said Mr Wilson, they could not afford to lose interest on the Una Works, and ho thought the only way of meeting the difficulty would be to arrange with the Electric Lighting Co to allow Ibem a royalty on all power consumed. That would be the only moans by which the electric light oould be installed ia Armidale It would be of great advantage to Armidale to get the improred illumination, and ho hoped that equitable terms could bo decided oa. ScnooLENTEBTAiKarKNT.—The hoarders and duy-pupiU of St, Ursula^ High School. Armidale, on Monday, celebrated the silver jubilee of the Very Rev. Dean O'Connor /G., and his elevation to the dignity of luotieiguor, by an informal, but very enjov able, entertainment. The harmonious fun'o turn opened with a stirring chorus, specially, written and brightly sung, to a pianoforte accompaniment, and the chiming of silver bells, in honour of the belored pastor, who is evidently more popular, jf possible, with the chtl Iren than even with the adults of his flock To the chorus succeeded a tuneful duet, bnlhantly and faultlessly executed by Misses Fitzgerald andMann. This over, Miss Maclurcan tastefully rendered a pleasing little song, "The Old Countrie* Then followed, with appropriate accompaniment, of choral music, a series of living pictures illustrating the. principal mysteries of the Christian faith, as embodied In the Catholio devotion of the Rosary, each tableaux being preceded by a few spoken lines, fiudeavouxlno'. tq show the application of the mystery, about to be represented,-to the Dean'* life-work among tha Catholic people of Armidale A fioal chorus of congratulation to the pros pective Monsignor, a chorus in which all tho charaotere of the various tableaux, in their picturesque dresses, and effectively grouped took part, with the presentation to Monsignor of the boarders' souvenir—a solid diver ink- ■ stand—and bis brief speech of thanks > brought to a close a very pleasant evening. ' Investment of toe Vbht Revere™ Dean O Lonnob WITH the mount of Monsionob.— At the solemn pontifical High Mass celebrated in the presence of a large congre gation at St Mary's Cathedral, at Id o'clock Verys Re\\- Dean O'Connor vras fofmaUy invested with the dignity of Moudgnor, a dignity which makes of its reoipient n prolate of the household of His Holiness, The Tope and which has been conferred by His Holiness on the Very Rev Dean, in recognition of the brilliant servicw of the latter to the cause of Christianity and the Gathobo Church during the 26 years of hie devoted ministry, alike in England and in Australia. Tho Right Rev, Elzear Tonegiam pontificated at the Maes, having as his assistant celebrant, the Very Rev Dean O Connor, as his deaoon, the Rev Fr Cbmoy (Bingara), and as hie snb-deaoon the OteMmL f £rmil3aH o bulavan ana Harrington being assistants to nis Lordship at the throne and thefflev Fr Corcoran (Tenterfield) Master of Ceremonies' Among the ether clergy within the sanctum were to be noticed the Rev. Fathers O Neffl tXamworth), Fitzgerald, O.F.F, (Sydney), Corcoran (Maitland), Greeny (Bimdatra). John Paul, O.F.F. (QuirindH. Gibbon (Glen tones', MEoe (Emmaviilo), Rob. toeon (Walcha), and English (Inverell). Many letters of apology were received from the numerous olerioal friends of the genial and universally popular Dean, friends whom duty prevented from obeying their strong desire of bang present.. At the close of the Mara. lhe bnefof His Holiness, conferring the title of Monsignor was read aloud, and i?eJePr fi®*" kneeling at the feet of his to shop and amid representatives of the large Catholio body (by whom be is eo much beloved, and to whom he is he'd inenoh high ^.waafornmaiy Invested with hisnTw lignity, to the manifest and great astisfoe* ion of every member of the liuge gathering. Jact tttr Kipi>ee Dead,—Jack the Kipper is dead X£o died (says the Paris 4 Figaro) in a private lunatic asylum ia England un known to the majority of the public, but his Identity was fully established some time before his death. Ho was a medical student of good family and considerable means, and there is no reason to suppose that when his family first put him under forcible restraint, thoy had any idea that be was the author of the Whifechapd horror;*. Two prominent journalists,G. R, SInis and T. P. O'Connor, M.P., are among the few who know the facte of the caee. The whole matter has been kept -very dark ae it wtH felt that no good end .would be served by re opening tho case. Tho police authorities, however were, aware of the circumstances and undoubtedly felt relieved when this human fiend gave up the ghost. j Who's your Hatter ? Why, of course, D. Mason, next Tattersall's Hotel; ho always has suoh a Large Variety of Shapes and Styles, and we understand he has just opened a wondorful lot of Bargains in '' Sample" Shirts, Hats, Umbrellas, and general Cloth ing, which he is selling like ripe strawberries, at half price, and tho Misfit Tailor-made Suits are a distinotimprovement on all ready made clothing, and his Stook is always Clean and Now. Go and see liim.# 411 advocated the Ward system, and believed it agood idoa. The first time I staod for a "Ward, X got knocked out!" Mr, Win Drew, at the Mayoral banquet. Mr. Wm, Ourlis returned from his trip abroad on Friday last, and reports having had an extremely pleasant holiday At the Mayoral festivity011 Monday night, Aid. Wilson said he had serious thoughts of bringing forward a resolution that no bache lor Aldermen bo allowed jto occupy a seat at the Municipal table, and further added that he hoped tho example set by the Mayor would not be thrown away ioa Aid Kirkwood Our report,pf thcAfasouiciustalJation cere mony last; week erroneously'mentioned Mr. James Jones as Junior Deacon, Mr. Thomas Jones being the Bro, chosen to fill that position. 41 Our juvenile contemporary'' is how one Glen Innes paper refers to another. The journalistic giants of tb^North are apparent ly at loggerheads Solicitor Kearney, to Japanese witness at the Police Court on Monday—44 What are youT* Jap (with a bland snulo) —M Me! oh, ine flute and oonfieciiony shop 1" Sydney police apprehended a brace of poultry thiefe in a suburban locality on Friday. The enterprising ben-jjutbercrs had fifty fowls and three turkeys in their pos session when arrested. Saturday's Cheohxcle . mentioned the fact that Herbert Rose, F.G.S., a Melbourne genius, had discovered the secret of perpetual motion. Tamworth * Observer* states that a local professional gentleman has also un earthed tho m) sterous power. May ho coin a fortune. Mr. J. Graige is showing considerable ac tivity in the mauQgoment of the St. Kilda Hold business. Tho billiard room was opened on Saturday night, arid was exten sively patronised by the sporting fraternity The energetic proprietor engaged the Band for the occasion, and a large crowd gathered to hearken to tho avrcct, music discoursed. Appearances point to a revival of trade at the St Kilda under Mr. Craigo's direction *** It has been decided to hold a public de monstration in the Syddey Town Hull, to roooguise tho Right Hon. G-. H. Raid's services in tho cause of federation, and to present an illumiuatod address to Mr. Reid on tho occasion. A strong committee, of prominent citizens has boon formed. Though long lists of honorary magistrates have been published from time to time .since the present Government took office, another one is again in preparation. It will probably be issued this week, and will contain. the names of a number of gentlemen in various parts of the colony. The cost of the equipment and pay for six months of. the Australian iBusbmcn's Con tingent was £44,DUO, which has been more than met by the amount, raised by public subscription. Tlio movement was carried out without cost to tho Government. A" horrible fatality occurred on tho railway -near Jondaryan; Queenslkhdy on Friday. The Western mail was proceeding to Too woomba,and when near ^oridaryan' a than (John Francis) roso from the grass and stepped oil the lioe 4 ' yards from the engine. He was knocked down and fearfully mangled. • Captain Calvert was killed at Townsville (Q.) on Saturday by fallhtglrom a 'bos on bis walking stick,- which penetrated his throat. Tho Rev. Father Mulligan was drowned in the Towusville (Q.) swimming baths on Saturday. It has just been reported that two,men entered tho hut of Charles Johnston, a rail way cmployoo near Jindaleb, at 2 o'clock on Saturday morning, aud, after assaulting him, robbed him of £9 10s Johnston, who has only one arm, succeeded in'overpowering one of his assailants, but, while in the act of stooping, the other man struck him in the back and neck, knooking him down. Coota xaiindra police, accompanied by a black tracker, are now in pursuit pf the off coders, The soarcity of fat stook and consequent high prioes by anything like prime beasts was again emphasised by a sale which took place last week atWarwiok, when Messrs. M'poug all and Co. sold (on behalf,of Canning Downs station) lH extiaprimebuflocke at £7, and 69 extra prime cows at £5 per head. Jtfessis. Thompson Bros, butchers, vrero the pur chasers, and the 174 oost.them £t09§. For Chronic Chest Complaints, Woods' •Great Pcppormint Cure- le'fid. 