ALL RIGHTS .'RESERVED.] THE BEAUTIFUL MRS. LEACH. By M1MFJXED GRAHAM, uthor of "A Strange Solution,"' " The Sts Child." "lleiesia," ..'When the Birds Begin to Sing," "Th» Great House . of Castleton." etc., etc. CHAPTER XXXIX. THE AVK>"I;INI; VOICE. The wedding day had come, without the Loom of a single cannon or the chime of a church be!!. Discarding conven tionality, the happy bridegroom Monte fiore arrived the previous afternoon, to stay at Compton Hall. All was in readiness for a quiet private ceremony, the hour fixed, and the place stated in special licence they had succeeded in procuring. Mr. Morrow had during a confidential "in terview with Mr. Spong, who consented to read the service, explained the necessity for avoiding a public wedding. His daughter's nerves were_ alarmingly shaken by the mur der of the late -Mr. Leach. She'was not in a fit condition to enuurc the ordeal of boin(r gaped rt by the tenants on the estate and anyone who chose to attend the service. "She would be sure to break down, for any excitement lately ..r extra strain had brought on faintness. The London doctors are unanimous in prescribing for her a sea voyage, John Morrow declared in conver sation to th*j synnir.ilietic iSir. Spontr. "I shall try and persuade her her husband to take her to Australia. Cristina, vearns to revisit the old home, and X shortly intend making a pilgrimage thither, in order to look again on my dear wife's grave." At this point the talented humbug wiped sway a falling tear which brimmed up at the mention of his imaginary spouse. And Mr. Spong believed it ail, without the shadow of a doubt in Mr. Morrow's sincerity. No bridegroom ever arose on his wedding morning With so ligut a heart as Cristina's lover. His face at breakfast was like a ray a ray of sunshine, for at last he was about to win for Ins own one of the fairest- women 011 God s earth. Little did he dream of the base corruption which lav beneath this whited sepulchre ! He felt" no shadow of a presentment to warn him from his fate, only his heart beat (juicker for jnv. p..s he rushed gladly to destruction. John Morrow's face that morning proved a perfect picture of smug satisfaction. His heavy frame -seemed to swell with gratifica tion as he surveyed the happy man about to claim Cristina's hand. Albert, too, could hardly restrain his high spirits at having cap tured so large a prize. ° Cristina w.is calm, smiling, beautiful as ever in her clinging morning gown. I\o trace of suppressed excitement revealed it self in her manner. It has all come in the order of things." she said to Albert, when he inquired a*s to her state of mind. "I am not going to allow mysslt to worry. n>y looks are too precious for that, and nothing is so destructive to ap pearance. I can't tell you what a relief it is to be leaving this unlucky house. When I cirive away this afternoon I shall not look back with a single sigh of r'egret, though it will probably be the last timel shall ever set eyes on Compton Hal!. Instead, I shall feel more inclined to shout for verv joy and snap my lingers at the evil genius' who has attacked us with such vehemence since wo came here. If I could bring myself to be lieve in ghosts, I should say one of the Ash ford ancestois bad been working against us from the first: but I do not- think" a spirit could haee delivered .Jaker and the ' Purple Heathar into the hands of the oppressors. Poor fellows : Their plight haunts me. It is not a pleasant wedding day reflection to dwell upon their sufferings, and to feel how nearly we might have stood in the same box. "Sly near Cristina, I should have thought you were old enough, and suiiiciently sensi ble, not to waste your pity upon others. Reep it for yourselt when the time comes. Some day you may need it-who knows?" Cristina moved away, \v.th these unplea sant words ringing in her ears. She had listened to Monte's rhapsodies till they sickened her-to J ohn Morrow'schuckles, and now to Albert's grim retort. "What a set I am thrown anionast ! " she muttered. "After all, even with my beauty, I am a slave and powerless to go my own way. But after this is over, when John Morrow has swept the encumbrance from my side, and paid me oil with mv own money then-then-for liberty." A deep sigh broke from her lips, and with the thought of the future bracing her mind, she went to adorn herself for the marriage ceremony. In spite of the privacy in which she was to bo united to Montefiore, she had promised to dress in white, at his especial request. "All in pure white," he pleaded, "like come exquisite lily. To dwell with you will seem to me like being constantly in the presenco of a lovely flowed " So she agreed, her feminine instinct, tell ing her she looked fairer without a touch of color in the dead white of the lily. John Morrow came to retch her from her room when she was ready, and smiled upon the dazzing creature who emerged, clothed in spotless garments of irreproachable make. Together they descended the grand old stair case, and entered the broad picture gallery, passing '.}' the Ashford ancestors, towards the Oak Room. Th1"* tables ot knick-knacks had been placed on one side, and the whole apartment looked altered. In the centre stood Mr. Sp^ng, book in hand, awaiting the bride, and close to him the eager, ha;>py bride groom, supported by Albert Morrow. A mass of white flowers surrounded the little bridal party, rearing their fragrant blossoms from pots .and vases, while palms over shadow ed the spot where the bride and bridegroom were to stand. To pleasa a strange whim of Cristina's the blinds had been drawn, shutting out the brilliant morn ing sun, while artificial light was supplied by a set of handsomely wrought gold candela bra. In the dining-room below the wedding breakfast was already hid, the fine solid gold plate of the Ashfords being used for the occasion, while placed on show were four Charles II. flagons of magnificent silver epousse. As Cristina entered the impromptu chapel, with eyes modestly cast down, Montefiore realised that the moment of supreme ioy and triumph had conic for him. He could hardly resist rushing forward ; but re frained, remembering the presence of a stranger in Mr. Spong. She advanced slowly, leaning on Mr. Morrow's arm. Then the opening words of the service broke the silence, as together Cristina Leach and Montefiore Isaacs stood "before the largo book, which Mr. Spong balanced on the "flat of his hand. A.reverent little- gatheriug it appeared to be to the outward eye, in the old-world room, with its ever-abiding fas cination. Mr. Spong felt deeply impressed, for he always experienced a certain sensation of awe when he entered the noble building which for centuries had harbored the oldest family m the county. His voice took a fuller tone, and rang out- with the deep sound of a bell, as he uttered the solemn words : ''I require and charge you both, as ye will answer at the dreadful Day of Judg ment, when the secrets of all hearts shall be disclosed, that if either of you know any im pediment why ye may not be lawfully joined together in matrimony, ye do now confess it. For be ye well assured that so many as are coupled together otherwise than God's A\ord doth allow are not joined togethsr by God, neither is their matrimony lawful." A moment,try pause, and then another voice, and a voice only, viboted through the air, in low hoarse accents, shaken by emo tion: "I forbid this cursed um:m. I, Edward Leach. My blood calls fro.;; the ground in protest. This holy service is but a mockery, hurled before the Throne or the Almighty in scorn and derision by the children of Hell. Stand back ye men of God who have aathered here with believing hearts, and touch not these three loathsome reptiles who trail their poison across the earth. John and Albert Morrow, Cristina, my once wife. I condemn you from the grave. Your fingers are dyed red with my blood, sacrificed to the srod you worship and serve-the great god Mammon who governs ynur soul?, making you the brutes that you are. 2\o longer shall you bow the knee before him. no longer shall you spread evil throughout the realm, for the end is at hand, condemnation await c-th. retribution falls. Weep and wail, the hour approachei.il. Descend into the pit which you have dug for others. The sword of the Lord has risen to shield the defence less. lour victim, your bridegroom, shall be delivered from the snare of the fowler." An awe-inspiring moment of silence fol lowed this ghostly . protest, while every nerve in the listeners' bodies racked with agonised suspense and horror. Lips were parted,' but burning throats arrested the rising cries of terror, and struck stillness into each petrified soul. With creeping flesh and bloodshot eyes they stared around the haunted room, expecting to see the awful figure approach, clothed in its shroud, from beneath the earth. But no sound, not even the rustle of an-angel's wing, nor the flash in" spirit light of mediumistic flame, flitted across the carved ceiling. ' Appalled, unmanned, astounded, the bride groom held his breath and felt his teeth chatter. Was he in the throes of - some' ghastly nightmare ? Had the powers of evil broken loose to rob him of his senses in the midst of his joy, and lash him to madness S A thousand despairing thoughts crowded his throbbing brain : a voice within, as terrible as the voice of Edward Leach, whispered fell words of base distrust. Why did John Morrow stand with craven face, not daring to look up, while this devil in the voice of the dead, uttered these dastardly untruths over the head of the cowering bride ? Why had Albert, blenching, apprehensive, sud denly broken the painful pause by a stifled groan and a smothered oath, instead of in vestigating the gathering mystery with some show of manly fortitude ? Their very faces convicted them, while a power greater than his own will seemed holding the bridegroom back when he would have rushed forward to support the unhappy woman thus accused from the tomb. Conscious that the voice would come again, they waited, trembling, during this brief respite, till the terror should pass from the roon and the spell which held them speechless break once and for ail. A deep sigh came next upon the air, the sigh of a person unseen, weighted by the knowledge of a fearful crime. Then an en tiroiy different voice, familiar to the ears of Cristina, addressed the bridegroom in grim, distinct accents, "Montefiore Isaacs," it began, and a deathly cold crept over him as it came stealing through the air, "r.ilt thou j take that murderess to be thy wedded wife ? 1 To love her, who has plotted thy ruin in secret, and now seeks to shed your innocent blood, even as she wickedly schemed the death of her first husband ? To comfort her who, without pity or human feeling, preys upon the weak and unsuspecting, robbing the unwary, and breaking good men's hearts with her treachery ? Wilt thou honor and keep a fiend in fleshy disguise, who without a thought for the dreadful Day of Judgment, is in league with her co- conspirator, to mur der my poor Mr. Eddie." The voice broke in a hoarse sob. Ko one had entered the room, nor could any hiding-lace be seen where man or woman might be concealed. Cristina, blanching deathly white, turnc-d her scared eyes in ail directions under the accusing words. '.Betty," she shrieked, wringing her hands. ''Betty, where are you ? It's lio -a lie-a lie ! I tell you, Betty, a lie !" She sank upon her lcnees, every vestige of strength deserting her, as she covered her agonised face and trembled v-ith horror. ""Ask John Morrow if it is a lie," came the voice again, tiiv illiiig those assembled with apprehension. ' 'Ask th<^ man who calls himself your father; or that villain who is hero in the name of your brother ! Ask them what they did with Edward Leach ? Go back to the well in the garden ; dive down deeply and seek its treasures. Your vile plot has been discovered ; the awful truth laid bare. .Justice awaits you, for at last--at last, thank God, Sir. Eddie shall be avenged. Oh ! base serpent that you are, to entrap with honeyed words and false smiles one of the best and noblest of England's sons, that you might lay hands upon his worldly goods, and then in cold blood strike him down by tho cruel knife of your accomplices. It.is thus you would like wise serve your present lover. You had planned, mark well my words, to lure him to Australia, that out hi the wild bush John Morrow mis lit slowly poison him to death, unseen, unsuspected! Then, without a regret your desperate gang would have made merry on the fortune bought with blood. But the day has come when all your secrets lie disclosed, and your awful conspiracies, no longer hidden, stand out in the glaring light of God's truth These condemning utterances petrified the guilty ones and filled them with unspeakable alarm. For without a doubt the room was empty, save for Betty's convicting voice, loud and clear, floating apparently oil space. Mr. Spong had dropped ins book during the first shock of what he believed to be a spiritual manifestation, and clung for sup port to the back of a carved oak chair, star ing in horrified amazement at the bride. Mon tefiore, like a man turned to stone, stood gazing helplessly around him: frozen to the core by a sudden doubt of the beautiful woman at his feet. If the weird voice, wail ing forth its accusation, had spoken nothing but what was false why should his fair bride cringe in the very dust under the lash of this blood-curdling tirade 1 "Ah ! you cannot answer," the voice con tinued. "You are powerless to fight against the vengeance of the Lord. Behold, the Almighty has hewn down the evil and wicked doers, who lie in wait and work secretly to devour the orphan, to rob the widow, to pillage the very friends beneath their roof. Who intercepted you when the plot was hatched against Bloemfield Park'! Who wrested the jewels from your man Cut clifie, and returned them to their lawful owners 1 Who severed the wire at that gambling party and led you blindfold into the trap you laid for others ? Somebody handed over to justice those cruel swindlers when tliey sailed with such confidence into Plymouth harbor on the 'Purple Heather.' Somebody also knows that John and Albert Morrow were the assassins of Edward leach. And now I, who loved that cruelly wronged, man, proclaim to your intended bridegroom, Cristina Leach, that a like fate awaited him but for the interposition of Providence. Heaven has saved him at the very moment when in the name of the Holy Trinity he ?was about to moke you his wife. Whose is the hand which has dealt this' fatal blow to your vile plotting ? The human hand, used as an instrument by Higher Authority ! Bo you know John Morrow ? Do you know Cristina Leach ? . It is the man yuu hunted from Ilia home with jeers and taunts ; the man whose father you would have murdered when this bloodsucker, who stands now iar bridal array, had taken to herself the title/if Lady Ashford. Theso are Sir Oliver's wortlsv placed in my humble mouth, that the hog.e> of my life might be fulfilled to see the yojii geance from above fall on the murderers 6^ an innocent man. A groan o; pent-up anguish broko from Cristina's ashon lips. With hair pushed wildly back from her forehead and eyes dilated she staggered to her feet, reeling for ward towards John Morrow. "Let us fly ! -fly!" she gasped, not knowing what she said, only struggling against gathering faintnecs like a driven beast hunted to death. Her words broke the tension of the moment and turned the coward's thoughts into a fresh channel. "Why had they waited-John and Albert to hear these voices at all ? Surely if they fled the ghost could not follow, though it seemed to speak through space. Panic stricken, as people possessed, they made one frantic rush to the door, followed by bride groom and cleric ! Out into the picture gallery they ran, only to be greeted by a small groty) of stalwart figures, who arrested them in the name of the law. "Oliver Ashford, this is your doing," hissed John Morrow, as he struggled to free himself in vain. The young baronet, who stood apart from the sturdy policemen, now advanced, looking first at the two men criminals and then at the cowering woman in her bridal white. ; '"Yes," he said, slowly, distinctly, "it is my doing ! I have followed your felonious practices one by one as they were known to me, and in each case they failed in their in tent to harm, through coming to my know ledge. I, too, have schemed, John Morrow, to avert the injuries you were striving to inflict. I had r.ot the slightest intention of spying upon you when I conceived the idea of fixing a mechanical telephone from the Oak Room to my bungalow. I could not endure the idea of my mother's sacred apart ment being invaded by strangers. You elected to make it your sanctum on purpose : to cause me pain. It was just one pang the more, which you delighted to infliet. You had the whole of C'ompton Hall, and I re solved to drive you out of the Oak Room, which I hoped to keep untainted to the memory of my mother. When you settled to take my home, I used the one month left me to fix this apparatus, which should enable a human voice to haunt you whenerer ycu found yourself in that hallowed spot. "To do this my scientific studies came to my aid. The loud-speaking telephone was easily constructed. I placed a taut wire be tween two wooden diaphragms, one of which was a part of the oak panelling of the room, and the other I fixed in the bungalow. The wire passed through pipes, which I was careful to lay myself. Directly you were installed in my old home I prepared to in dulge my fancy of freeing the Oak Room from your presence, merely to gratify a sentiment. "Naturally, I could hear your voices clearly, as I "intended you to hear the sounds I was about to create. You, John Morrow and Cristina Leach, were talking together, speaking unblushingly of your damnable villainies. The words you uttered changed my purpose. From that moment I held it a duty, for the protection of the public, to play eavesdropper and rescue innocent people from your fiendish snares. I saved my friends at* Bloom field Park from a care fully planned robbery, which, but for my knowledge, would have been easily carried through, since Mrs. Leach, being on visiting terms, was able to furnish elaborate details. JTi-yt I saved the unsuspecting guests at Compton Hall from losing their jewellery. With the aid of my future father-in-law we overcame your mail Outclifie, who is now secured like yourself, when we returned the valuables intact, thanks to Mrs. Leach giv ing us a list <f their owners in the Oak Room." Cristina's jaw dropped ; she looked like a dead woman leaning against the wall, while John and Albert Morrow listened as if their lives hung in the balance. Oliver continued in the same tones. "Then, with your own mouths, you told me the underhand scheme planned to trap fresh dupes at gambling. Again, Mr. Thurs by came to my assistance. It was lie cut through theveneerand severed your treacher ous wire. But even then you were not turned from your evil doing, but must needs lure this unfortunate Mr. Isaacs into your toils for the sake of his fortune. You would have killed him, as you intended killing my father-as you did kill Edward Leach ! I have ample proof of this. "Witnesses who have heard your confessions carried along the tell-tale wire not only bring the evidence of their lips agaiust you, but certain articles procured from a desp well in the late Mr. Leach's garden. Tiie boots, with the larger soles fastened on ; the dagger stained with human blood, and the valuables stolen from the body to feign an appearance of murder for robbery-these things, too, rise in judg ment! jfou stand charged with sacrificing human life to quench your lust for gold ! On thut count you are now arrested. I commit you to the mercy of the law Sir Oliver Ashford turned and left without another word. CHAPTER XL. A FAIRY PALACI:. The w-inter had gone, and sweet warm summer days weie blessing the glad earth. Nature seemed to have forgotten the chill of the dreary past, and all the flowers had burst afresh into bloom in the grand old gardens of C'ompton Hall. Two figures arm ia arm strolled along the terrace, a man and woman. A look of deep contentmont shone on both faces, as Sir Oliver and Lady Ashford passed beneath the Oak Room window, pausing to feed the gold fish in the round pond. "How lovely everything looks te-day !" said Ethel, with a bright smile- "It is almost impossible to believe now that those dreadful people ever darkened this dear home." "Don't think of them, darling," replied Oliver, "they have their desserts. Thank God that gruesome chapter of our lives is closed, never to be re-opened !" She looked up at him with the story of her love and trust written in a pair of gentle con fiding eyes. "It seems so wonderful to be quite happy,"' she added, "almost like a fairy tale. But then this is a fairy palace, isn't it, Oliver V' Hq laughed gaily at her words, catching her to his heart, and the goldfish rose upon the surface of the still water to watch that fond embrace. [TH:: Ext'.] 