Veterinary Notes, (By Marston, V.S., Wallsond.) VETIY ERINARY SCIEfNCE. While it. will be generally admitted that the welftar of humanity is remark ably influenced by the state of our demes ticated animals, and we find that an enor Inous amount of euffering from disease which undoubtedly originated in the first instance :frlon the meat we consume, yet how terribly neglected is the great pre ,'enthie science of the veterinarian in this perhaps more than any of the other colo nes. Certainly -we do. hear occasionally of meetings of aldermen and otihers being held to discuss the all-important subject of meat inspection, and a suitable site to build the long-talked-of abattoirs; but so lar as I am aware vuch l eetings up to the present at all events have only been a ghost. They have coe lJ? likie a hungry lion with a roar, and gone put like a moilse. Whilst there are but very few maladies common to mankind that are capable of propagation among animals, the number of those which have ant origin In the latter, and capable of transmission to mtan, is large, and the greater part possess langerous, if not fatal, characteristics. This fact is alsmodt entirely due to the consumption of the flesh of cattle, sheep, pigs, etc.. as human food. On the other hand there are ailments which may be communfeated 'to man by external contact, but these form the smaller division. The preservctioan of health. and notably the prevention of disease among those ani mals with which we have most to do is I subject, to my thinking, cf the very atuort i.mportance, and to comprehend these is the aim. I may say the greatest tlt, of veterinary science. In direct proportion as these ends are achieved the human population derives the whole profit in the shape of security from such -maladies as the use of and contact with the lower animals are known to engender. Besides such immunity from disease the whole community reap a cor responding benefic in the freedom from tosses among stock, which literally -means enriching the squatter or producer, pro riding more animal 'food at a cheaper rate, encouraging the -Industries of our country. The health, wealth, and happiness of our human population largely depends upon the health and vigor of our domesticated animals. Not perhaps of cine species in particular, but all. When 'the first suf ters It is probably demtonstrated that the second has also suffered, or at the time is pascing under some form of application Which is 'inmicnal to the health of man. it is the especial duty of veterinary science to 'take oversight and care of this; indi teetly it is the conservator of 'the public ,tealth, and the corollary thereof is that as a department of cur social economy it takes one of the foremost ranks. See i.g this, should we not use every endea vur to maintain that position? The end can only be accomplished by transferring the charge so commonly entrusted to those who are unfitted to others, who, by reason of 'their superior education, are preeminently qualified 'to deal with ques tons of such erudite and scientific char acters. In this direction It must centain ly- be admitted' rapid strides are being nade at least in some of 'these colonies, Victoria perhaps being the foremost, inas much as ft -now possesses to Veterinary College, and in that celony especially the ogricultural and the general public are evincing a great interest In promoting a regular and sclentific training of tshe ceterlnary surgeon In the next decade, by the addition of another of these useful institutions, which should be in Sydney. wve may understand ret more fully, as the interests of agricul ture atnn veterinary scIence are so Inti mlately blended, It is imperative *that the members of each body shall go -hand-in hand in the mutual contest for learning and skill. I for one .look with anxiety on thin subject. 'With anxiety, for the owners of this large -wealth in do:nestieted animals to see the anost legitimate waV to the conservation of their interests, and without a single doubt as to the results if they will 'suffer themselves to be led by a commonsense view of the present posi tion of affairs, and -the deductions to be made from the events of past years. The acknowledged mission of veterinarly scien'ce Is that of curing the maladies to which animals are liable. There are many yet imperfectly understood. The causes in others are also obscure. Be sides, there is a very common neglect of the comforts and general -walfare of ani mals sadly prevalent in many places ; the na'ture and causes of diseases are liltewise sinknown or Ignored. Thus many affec tions, particularly those of a wide- spread or contagious nature, are unnaticed until scores of lives are sacrifteed, and possibly the contagion i-s conveyed to 'the stock of intelligent owners, who take every ordin ary precaution, -but under such circum stances are docomed 'to suffer equally with the ignorant and criminally negligent. In 'order to remove or cure disease we must first understand it -in all its characters, and under all its appearances. The de leartment of science 'which comprehends these particulars is termed -Pathology. Space will not permit me in this article to enter fully upon every particular In conneotion with veterinary science. The remnedles now in use being many are of a special character, and apprcpriate only to partleular use and animals. From this circumstance veterinary medicine as sumes one at least of the many peculiari ties 'whlch call afor the greatest amount of skill, closest observation, and nicest discrimination, and cestimated at a calling which shall enogage he attention of the man of solenco and high social posl'tion, it twill never disappcoint those.who give it their encouragement. There is no reason why this noble profession, which the writer loves so well, should not yield to its Datrons a thousand times more than it has yet done, But vie'ed as a calling or occtlptltdn for wihtch col4lery and other grooms, stable -boys, etc., ho genus omne. are suitable, the end of its utility will have arrived. 