The Yellow Domino By M. Morris. CHAPTER XI.— (Continued.) Three months passed away before Sir Hastings and Lady Warminster took possession of their new home. 'Welcome, dearest wife, to my home,' he said, grasping her hand and putting his lips to her brow. She did not shrink away, nor try to free his hand, and he felt his heart beating with the agitation of hope. 'Hastings,' she said falteringly, and with downcast eyes, 'we— we must try and get on a little better, and be happy together. Perhaps we can — now.' 'Oh, Geraldine, if you only knew what such words are to me!' he said, a deep flush coming on his dark cheek, his eyes glowing down upon her. She looked up, almost startled by the emotion on his face. 'I will do my best, Hastings; I have made up my mind to — do it.' She was just ailing enough and weak enough not to be averse for others to choose for her; but to him her answer and her tone sounded as if she considered one place was as good as another, as it was not likely that she would feel happy anywhere; and it caused him the first keen disappointment that he had felt since they had taken up their abode at 'The Court.' However, he would not allow himself to be down-hearted about this and feeling really hopeful that the change would be beneficial to her, he began to make all the neoessary arrange- ments at once, with evident pleasure and energy. Nothing could be more innocent, and nothing, as it proved, could have been more unfortunate. She observed his anxiety to take her away, his interest in all the details, and it amused her and pleased her then. On the journey to Tenby she was rather quiet and silent, but it was only because she was tboughtful and rather self-reproachful. As she watched him that day as they travelled, her mood was tenderer towards him than it had been since their rupture. After all, she was thinking how good he was, how kind and thoughtful, how per- severing in his attentions, and how patient with all her disagreeable moods and tempers. Many another man would have tired of it all long before. He would have ceased trying to please her, trying to persuade her that he loved her; perhaps would have grown cold and angry. Her eyes wore closed as she sat in her corner, but he saw that she was not sleeping, and he wondered what her thoughts could be to make her face look so sweet. 'Here we are, darling,' he said, breaking in upon them suddenly, and in a moment or two the train stopped. He got out first, helped her, and then she stood alone for an instant while he went back into the compartment for her shawl and rug. It was dusk, somebody passed by her rather too closely, touched her, begged her pardon, and passed on without observing who she was. At the sound of the voice Geraldine's heart stopped beating. That sentence, hurriedly though politely said, was uttered by Mrs Moseley and no other. She felt her face flame with indignation just as her husband joined her. Was this why he chose Tenby of all other places? This why he had been so eager and so interested? conld he have known that the Moseleys would be there that autumn? If so, she thought to herself, paling as much as she had previously flushed, of what benefit would this sea change be? The drive to the hotel was not a long one, but long enough for her to resolve that her tender thoughts had perhaps been pre- mature, and that she would wait and watch a little before unburdening herself of those few words which she had foolishly thought were alone needed to make permanent peace between them. CHAPTER XII. Time dragged on but slowly at the sea- side for Sir Hastings as well as for Lady Warminster, and Sir Hastings was glad to get back to Park Street. One evening, when Sir Hastings War- minster was sitting alone in his house, a telegram was put into his hands. As a rule, such things did not render him the least uneasy, but this one he took with a sudden fear at his heart. He turned pale, his fingers trembled, and be broke it open with hesitation. It came from Tenby, and the sender, to his surprise, was Stephen Moseley. The words were few, but more than enough to justify the fear and dread with which he had received it. Lady Warminster has met with an accident. If yon are in London, come at once. CHAPTER XIII. Before dawn, Sir Hastings was by his wife's bedside, but no reconciliation could take place just thwn, for Geraldine was too ill to heed even her beloved husband. The Rays had come with him, and from Stephen Moseley they heard an account of what had occurred. It appeared the hesd-waiter at the hotel observed that, although there was a dense fog coming up, Lady Warminster had not returned, and he communicated the fact to the proprietor. Mr. Moseley chanced to hear this, and he joined the party who went to seek her. In his heart he knew full well that Sir Hastings and Lady Warminster were in sad disunion, and that his wife, Viola, was in some way to blame for it. He said nothing, of this then, but Hastings guessed by his manner that he had been glad to do all he could as atonement for his wife's wrong-doing. They had found Geraldine lower down on the cliff than they had expected, insensible, and with a slight cut on her temple. She must have attempted to reach the top, and in the darkness have hit herself against a jagged and projecting piece of stone, and this had caused her to fall. But, with pro- vidential mercy, her fall was broken, and instead of being precipitated into the sea, she fell into a hollow cave below her. Either then, or subsequently, she had fainted, and in that condition they found her. They took her back to the hotel, but feverish symptoms set in at once, and before that night was over her life was in danger. Mrs Ray told her, word for word, as Sir Hastings had told it to her, the whole history of the Squire's mistake and all that it had entailed upon the young man. Geraldine was so silent that Mrs Ray could not tell how she had taken the revelation. 'Poor Hastings!' she said pre- sently, in a low voice, 'what a terrible position for him. It was good and generous of him not to tell me. Perhaps from him, and just at that moment, it would not have helped us to be happier. Dear papa! what a painful mistake!' Then Geraldine, as the whole episode came vividly before her imagination, turned her head away, and over the emaciated countenance from neck to brow a faint dull red arose and spread. She had betrayed her unsought love, then, to her dear father, and he had betrayed it to Hastings? She had been forced upon him, and in that moment of shame and pain she understood well why Hastings had not told her. He had been too manly and too chivalrous, and of two evils had chosen in preference to remain, to all appearances, blacker than he was. 'Dearest Geraldine,' said Mrs Ray, in alarm, 'Hastings was right, after all, and I ought not tn have told you!' But that moment of agony was over, once and for all. She turned her head back, and seemed calm. 'Stoop down and kiss me, Katie. On the contrary, thank you, dear, for telling me. I see that I should never have heard it from him, but it will help us now to start our life again better still than we shonld have done. As you said, that ghost is laid for ever now.' 'She sleeps now, Hastings, so —' 'You have been there an immense time,' he said jealously. 'Yes; but I don't think I have done her any harm. You shall see her very soon. I will go back and watch her, and tell you the instant she awakes,' she said, gladly leaving him, for she intended that from Geraldine and not from her he should learn the subject of their conversation. 'Oh, thank yon, Katie; yon are so good,' he said, brightening and seeing her to the door. Bye and bye, Katie Ray, with quiet footfall slipped out of the sick room once more, this time to tell the impatient husband that he conld now go to the dearly-loved wife who had just been snatched from death. She found him in the passage, where, with agitated breath, he had been waiting for half an hour. A sign was sufficient, and then the door closed with him and he found himself alone with Geraldine. She stretched out her weak arms towards him, and he went to her and put them round him, and he held her up against him. 'Oh, my darling!' he said, 'thank Heaven for this moment — for the boon of your life and for the return of your love.' 'My love never went, Hastings; it was always yours, dearest husband, though I may not have shown it. I have been wrong, unjust, hard. I don't deserve this; you had every right to be angry.' Then, with broken words, she told him all the details of that last day, when he left her in anger. 'Say it. Hastings ; let me hear your dear lips tell me from your heart that you can forgive me. Ob, beloved husband! if you cannot——' 'My darling, my own— you confuse me, pain me. It's not for me to forgive, it is—' 'It is,' she said, with pitiful eagerness. 'The past is dead, Hastings, forgotten, for- given; if you wish to hear this from me, but for my hardness, for —' 'Beloved wife, calm yourself and say no more. I forgive you, though Heaveu is my witness that I say this to comfort you, and that there is, and never has been, excepting for that brief moment when I left you, any- thing in my heart against you ; on the con- trary, nothing but love and pity, and infinite yearning for this blessed moment of perfect understanding and unity.; Then he folded her in his arms once again, and he felt no shame that a moisture gathered in his eyes and fell in one or two drops on the sweet, tearful face upturned to his. Not that day, but a little later, Geraldine told her husband of Katie Ray's revelations to her, and then, seeing something in his face, she stopped him from speaking. 'No, Hastings, not a word against her, or to her. She meant well and she did well, and in my heart is everlasting gratitude to her. The story came best from her, dearest; in fact, you would never have told it to me, probably being too generous and too con- siderate. Darling papa, .it is well that he does not know what, in all innocence, his mistake brought upon us both.' 'And yet, Geraldine—' he began, searching her eyes. As their glances met, they knew then that neither of them would have had the past undone. Their love, their happiness, their perfect trust, more than compensated for it all. Not even to have been spared the mis- understandings, the strife, the misery of those last few months would they have been without one another, would they have relinquished the unutterable joy of the pre- sent, the peaceful security of the future. THE END. The railways bring into London about 80.000,000 gallons ol milk per annum. It was three centuries ago in Florence that the first grand opera was produced. There are nearly 250,000 more men than women in Australia, and in New Zealand also women are in a minority. Broad-headed horses are the cleverest. In the Household cavalry the horses with broad foreheads learn their drill more quickly than the others. Even the Japs appreciate the value of printer's ink. The Mikado's Government has appropriated £8,000 to be expended in advertising in America the merits of Japanese tea. Glass bricks are being made extensively abroad. They are blown with a hollow centre containing rarefied air, and are said to be as strong and durable as clay bricks, while freely admitting light. There are said to be more windows in France than in any other country. 