ENTERTAINMENT, TBABALGON MINSTREL CLUB. It must hare been gratifying to Tra- Mlgon'a newly-constitnted Minstrels on Mpriday n'ght, when Ibe raising of the •curtain revealed a crowded honse tb greet theft, and it most have been still more pleaaarable to note the evidences of gratification which arose in a graduating scale throughout their programme, nntil the climax was reached in the storms ol applause with whicbi the delight d audience broke np. The circle comprised 12 members (Mess s Warner, Cnbbin, Nichol, Coleman, W. Neilson, A. ano J. Milligan, M'Guigac, M'Farlane^and F. Grrubb), with Mr P. P. Serjeant in ' bis old position of interlocutor, assisted fcj Mr- J. Colics as tarn bo and Mr Gilbeit as bonps. Upon these three, < f <jourse, fell the bulit of the work in maintaining the si<Je-play and "gag" business, and there was only one verdict, i.e., t at the saccessors of Harry Stevens and Andy Christie were a cotnpleie success. Indeed, the ttiumph of Messrs Collins and Gilbert as exponents of burnt-c >rk drollery was a thorough surprise, and we can unhesitatingly compliment both on the completeness of their. \- efforts, which were not marred by exaggeration, nor lacking in robust comicalities. The jokes were mostly local or .hinged 'on the Boer war, so that they were both afresh and easily discerned. The songs were fairly good and. the choruses well balanced, while an appreciative help was the orchestra composed -of Mrs Fitzpatrick (piano), Mr W. Chri8tenflsn (violin), and Mr Marsden (clarionet). The latter opened with the Oxford overture, followed by the Prince Imperial, in which b^nes »nd tambo vigorously joined, both showing that they were completely at home in artistic manipulation The first chorns, " Go and tell Maiia," was given with a good swing and full negro expression, and' then individual members of the circle sang as follows :—" My Old Kentucky Home," Mr M'larlane ; "Walking on the Railway," Mr Gilbert ; " Jost as the Sun went down," Mr' M'Guigan; " He'll never see his mother any mere/' Mr CollinB ; <» Aileen AlantfSb," Mr Nichol; "Just come away from the 'inquest, Mr Gilbert; "Maggie Mnrphy's Home,'' Mr Warren ; "That was enongh for me," Mr Collins; and '* Song of the Steeple," Mr Cubbio. The comicalities of Mr Collins took the cake (although some of the other numbers were very creditable), as he was encored ou both his appearances. Midway a variety was afforded by the appearance-of Miss Olive Errington, an accomplished little dancer from the metropolis, who gave a Highland Fling with such skilful execution as to merit a. lond recall. The second part open°d with the Cambridge overture by the orchestra, followed by a sympathetic rendering of " The Blind Girl to her Harp," by Mrs McLean, who was warmly applauded. Miss Erringtm then gave another Terpsichorean exhibition, "and danced the Sailor's Hornpipe in a manner wtich has certainly neyer been excelled, or equalled, on a Traralgon platform. Hea steps. were faultless and some of the movements clever, and the little artiste was again vociferously recalled. A n«ce sentimental song " Over the Silver Sea" was contributed by Mr Milligan, and Mr F. Coleman, a visitor from Melbourne, brought down the honse with "On the Midnight Train," for: which he had a treble encore. This whetted the appetite of the audience for the nepct item announced, a side-splitting farce entitled " The New Lodger." The characters were only two—Mr Highfeed (a bonding bouse proprietor). Mr McQaigan; and Mr Flippintop (the lodger), Mr T. Gilbert. There were also only two scenes—the eating room, and the top storey bedroom in Mr Highfeed's boarding honse ; bnt sufficient comical situations and rollicking bye-play were crammed into these C9ople of acts as to keep the delighted audience . in paroxysms of laughter. The wbole fun centred in Mr Gilbert, who posed as a nigger sportsman from \- the foreign parts of Loy Yang, and with his sporting impediments (including a fishing xod from which swnng " a lovely worum") he was a perfect artist. His trial of Mr Highfeed's menu, and subsequent adventures in the hedroo'n, winding up with a visit from a veritable ghost, awoke shrieks of laughter, which must have set scores of sides aching. Indeed many laughed till they could laugh no more, and if there is truth in the adage that "a good laugh is healthy medicine," then Mr Gilbert cheated the doctors of not a few fees. The pare was assumed so naturally and easily, and appeared so thoroughly to the lffe, that what might have been marred in other hands by over grotesqueuess, was only marked by that jolly swing whieh nude the spectators feel that the actor was living his part, so that the * ( fanniosities" were appreciated with a keener relish and added delight. Mr Gilbert undoubtedly made a decided hit, and we hope to soon see him again in what appears bis native clement; tbe time may not be long, as we believe the clab will give another performance about the jniddle of December in aid of tbe local Mechanics. This successful entertainment closed with a verse of tbe National Anthem, and was followed by a ball. The net pro- • ceeda to the. Sports Club will be about £15, for which the committee are warmly thankful, as it about made up the loss which was entailed by their meeting on the recreation ground during the day, 