UNDER THE ROSE. (By FL4.CCUS.) I am' sitting on a little crow's nest balcony, which overlooks the harbour, sparkling iri the suti, and. fronts Goat Island. The ferry, steamers .pass up and down, leaving behind them wakes like wreaths of sliver lace on a robe of sapphire silk. The .great steamer Atlantian, which will carry a portion of our Bush Contingent to South Africa in a few days, Is passing slowly down the harbour, —on her way to Woolloomooloo, I suppose — as. I write. She has been at Cockatoo Island on exhibition. Two little snorting tugs are towing her along. They look . like dogfish beside a stately sleeping whale. The sight suggests at once the great slow-moving, -but irresistible, British Empire, and . the two little spitfires Boer Republics. All topics, lead to the Avar at the present time. Why strug gle against' the inevitable? — The Bushmen bold are going To the Front, far away; They hear the trumpets blowing, And -the war-horses neigh; And softly swear a pray'r— "Lord; land us quickly there!" The great ships through the water, : Will soon be making way, To sunny climes of slaughter, . ,r Where the blithe cannons play; l- , And Glory,: drunk with gore, Cries, "Welcome! Come ashore!" ' ; A Health! A Health to wade In, To the Boys! Drink it down! May. they come homeward laden With great loot and "renown- Arid .all the -limbs that they Had vvhen-they. sailed away! ' ' ' ' .'' : ' It goes without saying that the hlgh-splrl- ted young braves who went to the war .will have their reward from the Fair when they come home again covered with sticking-plas ter and glory. The quiet young men who stayed behind and looked after their billets will become of no account when tlie Fire- eaters arrive. It was always thus. Ever Blnce ZUlah, after the slaughter of Abel, took the arm ofCaln and tramped proudly away to the Land of Nod lovely woman hns shown that she admires above all things the Strong Man ,who can lay out every other man he meets. She cares nothing about the abstract justice of the cause — Indeed, I doubt very iriuch if she is capable of .understanding ab stract justice. Which reminds me that the following conversation was overheard at the departure .of .the last contingent:— First Lydy (with broken feather In her hat): "I do 'ope Bill won't be killed In the war. 'E's a 'Ero. - 'E kissed me." Second Lady (with discoloured eye): "Then he is a 'Ero." .'.' --. A Mr. G. C.. Kelly, of Melbourne, has offered £25, reward to 'any member of the Victorian Bush Contingent who manages to capture. President Kruger. It Is not stated what Mr. Kelly Intends to do with Kruger when lie gets him. Possibly he proposes to tour the coun try districts with him, or perhaps he lias an idea of selling iilm to the Waxworks. This would be wasting him. Oom Paul ..would make an ideal President of the Victorian Le gislative Council— a body which is even more conservative and mule-headed than the Transvaal Volksraad. ' ' - - "Banjo" Patterson Interviewed -Olive Sehreirier at her pretty home In Cape Colony, arid was given much information, about . the Boors. It is, of course, the privilege of a lady to contradict herself as often as she pleases, but she-should not contradict herself too Slar- Vlngly. The author, of -the "African . Farm" said to Mr. Patterson:— "For years this war has been Worked up — all sorts of stories have been prlntEd.of the Boers and their ignorance, and their savagery. They are all lies. I was a governess amongst the Boers for years, and no kinder people exist. Tliey are clever too. Young Boers go to England and BUeceed at the Universities; tliey become doctors, and law yers, and politicians." I have now before me a copy of the "Fortnightly, Review," of April, 1896.. It contains an article by'Ollye Schrelner, entitled, "Stray Thoughts , on South Africa." >. « ' . m In this articlo the following statements occur: — "He-Xthe Boer) possesses a credulity which would excite ridicule in a London or Paris ganilnjhe holds fanatically that the earth does not move, and repeats the story of Gideon to support his view; he regards scab! itch, and various skin diseases ns pre-ordained ordi nances of -the Almighty, which ought not to be interfered wltli by human' remedies; he looks upon the insurance of pub lic bdlldlngs as a direct Insult to Jehovah, who, if He sends a fire to punish a people, should not be defeated by an Insur ance of the building; his faith in ghosts arid witches Is unshakable; arid till lately he held railways to be a direct contravention of the Almighty's will, who would have made them Himself if He wanted thein." The -foregoing .seems ,to be a pretty fair stock of ignorance for these .days. « But that Is not all. The writer con tinues: — "The Boer remains a Boer still, while the Toal remains his only speech. That the Boer himself accepts this definition, though without analysis, Is clear; he will say c£-a man who lias learned and uses habitually a literary speech, 'his father was a Boer, and his brothers are still Boers,' implying that he has gone from amongst them, and Is one no more; and to call a learned judge or bril liant barrister, whatever his descent, a Boer would be; from- the colonial standpoint, not merely absurd, but Insulting." The words of Olive Schrelner In 1900 are strangely unlike the words of Olive Schrelner In 1390. If both are trtie; then in the space of four short years the Boer must have turned the quickest and most complete Intellectual somersault known to history. If not — the reader must come to his own conclusion. Yesterday was a hot day, I know It, be cause I saw stout citizens In the street below mopping -their brows with their handkerchiefs us they hurried along to catch the ferry. When they arrive in the city they settle down for the day to work In close offices, in which it is considered a crime to smoke or sit in shirt- sleeves. At midday they put their coats cn and sally outf into the blistering streets to snatch a hasty lunch. Then th'ey return to their offices and perspire and stifle until even ing. This is what they call attending to business. I have never had much business of my own to attend to; but, speaking from my small experience, I look upon Business as the Curse of the age. It wears away nerve, and tissue, and temper, and even Imperils the salvation of Its votaries. How can a man look after the welfat-e of his soul when he is worrying, all through tlie Sunday sermon, over the success of his latest speculation in dry goods or drapery? It may, ot course, be said that many business men have souIb of a size suitable to their requirements— tougli, hardy, little souls, which need little looking after, and can subsist on a minimum of spi ritual food. Let It go at that. Some people must, I suppose, earn their living by the sweat of their browe. Fortunately for them selves, most of them seem to enjoy hard work. They are welcome to all of It there Is oithe -earth, as far as I am concerned. 