nETECTIVE SKETCHES. COLIH CORDON'S CHRISTMAS i FIND. ; BY '.SANDY SHARP THE F A M O U S G L A S G O W EX-DETECTIVE. At the time the events took place which I am about to relate Mrs. Sharp occasionally employed arespectable woman,named Gordon, asa Heamslreh?. Mrs. Gordon :was-the wife—probably the widow—of a carpenter, •who twelve. montliB previously had emigrated to Queensland. Gordon was a fir6t-rate tradesman, and mieht have done well in Glasgow if lie could have controlled his temper. He had left once place after another because lie could not get on with the master • or the foreman, find at last he suddenly determined to try his luck in Australia. He had never been a drunkard, and. having-only one child the Gordons had saved a. little money—enough, he-thought, to last his wife and child until he could send some irore. And if he liked the new country, and saw a fairprospect of getting on, they were to join him in a year. But from" the time the vessel reached the Cape, nothing was known of the fate of Colin Gordon. The steamer ha1 to take in coal at the Cape, and as there would be a full day's delay,.several, of the passengers went ashore, amongst the number being Gordon. . Noonesaw him leave the ship, but he could not be found when she mailed again. "Not until the-time had long passed in which theanxiously- looked for letter should .have arrived did Mrs." Gordon make any inquiries, and the shock of his mye. terious disappearance made her ill." When she .recovered, her little stock of money was nearly exhausted, and she bad to turn seamstress, and .sometimes laundress to maintain herself and Colin, named after his father, .a boy of eleven. She soon obtained a good reputation as a .capital hand.ob making underlinen of the better class, and if her clients had paid her regularly the mother and son might have lived in comparative comfort, for their wan ts were few. But far too-many of the ladies for whom Mrs. Gordon worked seemed to have no idea that she was in urgent need of the money, and -she 5vaB often kept without it for a month :or even longer after the work had been finished. It was the eve of Christmas, and remembering that'Mrs. Gordon had lived for a couple of years in England ere she married Gordon, my wife asked me if I had any objection to her, going over to the Gordons to see how they would fare next day. " I don't . fancy she has had much work lately, Sandy," said Mrs. Sharp. " Go by allmeans, Mary ; and if things are as you fancy, .ask her to come ahd spend the day with us to-morrow. We are not having any- other visitors, you know," I replied. " Thank.you, Sandy : that is just what I wanted :to ask you,. but didn't know "whether.you 'would care to have the poor things on Christmas Day." Mrs. Sharp was,away much longer than I expected, more than an hour, though the Gordons only lived about 300 yards away. When she'did return, I saff ab once that she was excited about something. " It's a shame and a sin for a woman like Mrs. Milne, the butcher's wife to treat . a-poor woman .like Mrs. Gordon in such a fashion. Sandy, could you not do something to force the woman "to pay ? She owes Mrs. Gordon 12s. for making underlinen for herself and Milne, and tonight, -when Mrs. . Gordon took the last of the shirts, Mrs. Milne said she was "too busy to bother with paying money then, and that Mrs. Gordon must come after the New Year." " Don't trouble—I'll get the money.. .A word to Milne will do it." " It almost set me greeting, Sandy," to hear the laddie ask his mother 'if they would have no Christmas dinner this year, such as his mother has always made. But you should hayp,seen their faces brighten up with joy when I asked them to come over and have dinner , and tea with us, Sandy. It: did me good to see how they brightened up." * " I'll go and get that money, any way," I said. Aslhad anticipated a hint to Milne him- self was sufficient. His wife was sternly taken to-task for sending Mrs.Gordon away without her lawful earnings, and the worthy butcher showed that he was made of far different stuff than his wife by asking me to take a good-sized piece of nice beef to the seamstress as a present from him-. He had never in his life before worn Sunday shirts that, .fitted him so "well, and were so beautifully made. "My mistress is not a .bad sorb of woman Mr. Sharp, but she is thoughtless, and that leads often to cruelty, as I tell her, in such cases as this." Mrs. Gordon was overjoyed when I took her the money and the beef, repeating the : invitation Mary had given. In the land of houses in which the Gordons occupied a two-roomed house resided an old woman, in one room, named Mary Anderson. She lived alone, and was generally supposed to be in comfortable circumstances, for ehe never did any kind . of work, and lived well as compared with ber neighbours. . Soon .-after Mrs. .Gordon and her boy had finished - .breakfast on . ChriBtmaB : morning their curiosity was aroused by the noise of hurrying feet in the passage, and before Mrs. Gordon could rise from the table the door-was unceremoniously opened, and the voice of a neighbour exclaimed— " Ob, Mrs. Gordon,, what an awfnl business. Mrs. Anderson has bangit herself ? Come and have a look at her." .:• But Mrs. Gordon declined, saying she :had no curiosity to see auch a sight. If she be of service she .would go readily. The tragedy naturally created much ex. citement among the numerous tenants of the land. A rigid search of her room and all the drawers faiiedtodiseoverany money or other property of value,,and the opinion gradually gained -ground that robbery, preceded by murder,had been committed. .But when the procurator-fiscal inquired .into the affair, there was no evidence forthcoming to corroborate " the new theory. There was no proof thatthe deceased woman had any means, and the position of . the body -when discovered favoured the j . idea that it was .a case of suicide. Wiien foundby a neighbour who had. suspected that nomethiiijj was wrung because Mr*, Anderson bad not been seen since the previous Tuesday, two days before, thebody was lying on the iloor, the head resting on a shallow box, a thick cord, like a clothes line, twisted twice round ber neck. The doctor first summoned saw nothing in the situation of the body inconsistent with suicide, and the fiscal seemed disposed to accept that opinion. But the police detective who accompanied I he fiscal, and with whom I had been specially friendly ere I left the force to start business as private detective, was anything but satisfied with the fiscal's acceptance of the suicide theory ; and though he made no formal protest, he determined to sift the affair and prove it to be a case of murder. Our Christmas dinner was rather later than usual, and we were just finishing when Tom Tosh, my detective friend, called on me to give his views respecting the tragedy, and possibly to elicit mine. X took Tosh into the parlour, and thus he did not meet Mrs. Gordon. Had he done so, I should in all probability never have obtained the umterial for this story. I listened in silence to his version of the affair, but in the absence of any evidence that the deceased woman had any money, or other oortable property, I declined to accept his ideas. Tosh seemed a bit huffed at my nonacceutance of his theory, and did not stay long. • "•• On the following morning Mrs. Gordon was obliged to send Colin to : borrow a clothes line, part of her own having mysteriously disappeared Binee she last used it.-; Colin was questioned on the subject, but he declared that he had not meddled with the line. It stretched from the windows of her rooms, which were on the second storey, and was a double one, worked with a pulley, ingeniously made and put up by Gordon before he emigrated: " You knew I wouldn't meddle with the line, -mother : where did you leave it when you took it in on Tuesday night !" said Colin. 'Hanging on that peg in the corner, and I noticed when we came home from Milne's oh Christmas Eve that the line was on the floor. It is very strange." While she was fixing the borrowed line on the pulley, Tosh, the - detective, walked up, saying— " Grand day for 8rying, Mrs. Gordon.. I'm told you have lost a good piece of your clothes-line ? " Yes, and how it went bothers me," she replied, wondering who the man was and what he wanted. " Don't you think that this is the piece you lost ? "shewing her a length of rope he had taken from hie pocket. . I am sure it is. If you notice it, there four strands in the rope; the ueual number being three. Where did you get it?" The defcoctive was on the point of telling her that it was the cord found round the neck of Mrs. Anderson, but the manner of Mrs. Gordon was so free from anything leading him to suspect that she hadany Connection with the tragedy that he decided to wait for further evidence of her guilt, if indeed a woman with a countenance like that -of Mrs. Gordon could.be guilty of such a horrid murder. On the ensuing Monday morning Colin Gordon started employment as errand-boy at a provision , shop in Argyle- street, and when he came home in the evening the" boy brought with him some bacon and cheese, which he said he had bought with pence given to him during the day by customers whose goods he had taken to their homes. But a few minutes afterwards Mrs. Gordon was startled by the sudden reappearance of the man who had questioned her about the missing piece of clothes line. ..."I have come on a disagreeable errand,. Mrs. Gordon. I have a warrant from a magistrate to search your house ; your boy is to ba arrested for passing a gilded shilling as a sovereign;": ." " What? My Colin pass a bad sovereign ? Where could he get such a thing ? I will not believe he could do it." " I must) search the house, Mrs. Gordon. Come in, Gellatly." A constable walked in, and bade Colin sit down, while the detective proceeded to search the house. . In the bedroom, and beside the shakedown-, bed on the floor on" which Colin slept, was a cupboard-like receptacle, utilised by the bov as ^repository for his toys andotlier possessions, and in an old boot.at the bottom .' of this. cupboard. the detective found between 16s. and 17s. in silver and coppers. " I am very sorry, Mrs. Gordon, but it is my duty to take you into custody on the charge of murdering Mrs. Anderson. I must caution you that anything you may say will be produced in evidence against you at the Court." " Accuse me of murdering the poor old woman 1 God knows I am innocent, and I will trust Kim not to allow me to suffer. I defy you to prove that I had aught to do with the crime." . Detective Tosh regarded the circum-' stantiaLevidencragainBt ber,as overwhelming; and : yet he somehow doubted her guilt; she was so calm and firm. Next morning the mother, and son were brougnt up at the Police-court, having had DO communication with each other since their arrest; and as I listened to the evidence,-against. them I .perceiyed it was: strong enough to cause their remittal.- It transpired that , a niece of Mrs.. Anderson, seeing in the papers an account of her aunt's tragic death came from Ardrossan to Glasgow, and made known to the police certain- information which -led them to .think with Detective Tosh that murder; and not suicide, was the true nature of the ciime which had been committed. The niece stated that the aunt had a sum of J money in her possession amounting to at least £50, and that.in.a leather, purse she j always kept a gildsd shilling with a lion on j it, which her httBband had given her in j •their courting days. The poiice attached great importance to this intimation.and , their confidence that it would probably j lead to the elucidation of the mysterious 1 crime wassoon justified. A grocer came to { the Police-office to complain that his ap- j prentice had taken -as a sovereign a gilded j shilling from a boy, whose appearance j he described. - This ^ - description • w^s sufficiently close to enable the police to fix . upon Colin Gordon ; hence the search y warrant and- the arrests:- " j When . this part, of the evidence was given Mrs. ^Gordon turned to her weeping son,-and in a-calm "voice said—. Speak the truth, laddie. Did you 'change that gilded shilling ? " " Yes, mother. 1 picked jt up in the street, near . to-our house, when, we were going to Mr. Sharp's - on Christmas :.moroiqg." Detective Tosh was forced to admit that ' the most rigid search and investigation had failed to discover that Mrs. Gordon had spent any money since the death of Mrs. Anderson beyond the 12s. I had got for Ij hecfrom Mr. Milne the butcher. But-the certainty - that the cord found around the neck of Mrs. Anderson had belonged to the accused woman so greatly strengthened the suspicions against the mother and son that the magistrates remitted them to. prison for. a "week. for the production of further evidence. : But I fully determined that Tom Tosh should not have things all his own way. also would seek for further evidence, but such as would, I hoped, exonerate the Gordons from all complicity in the murder; if such it was. At the end of the week of remand no such further evidence either for or against was forthcoming, and the mother and son were sent for trial... Hitherto Tosh had kept in the background, but when Mrs, Gordon and Colin were brought before the Sheriff to emit a declaration Tosh's name was mentioned. A few minutes afterwards, and before they were-removed to jail, Mrs. Gordon asked to see the detective. He consulted the chief, and was instructed to accede to the wish of the accused woman. Accordingly, she was takeu to a private room, where the detective was waiting, for her. " You have expressed a wish to see me, I understand, Mrs. Gordon, and have you any communication to make ? " . " Mr, ToBh— Tom-did we never meet before ? ?' He started more violently than she had done in the Court, and looking her intently in the face, the light of recognition changed his stern expression into one of wonder, regret, and then horror. V Helen Ramsay ? No, no ; it cannot, be," and the detective sank into a chair with a groan. f Yes, Tom, I am Helen, and if I amfound guilty of this horrible crime, of which I know no more than you, it will have been you, the ;old friend of my childhood, the lover of my • girlhood who will have murdered me." . " Helen, tell me, in the sight of heaven, are you really innocent of the murder 2 I will believe you if you say so." . " Before God, Tom, I am entirely inno; cent. And if the law finds me guilty I shall go before a Judge who cannot err, with confidence that He will acquit me. Do you believe me, Tom ? " "Ido, Helen; God knows I do. "But what can 1 do nowto prove it ? I must do : something or I shall go mad. Oh, Helen, when we parted in Kilbarcban I little thought that oumext meeting would be such a melancholy one. Did you know me when I came to your house first ? ". "No, Tom. .Fifteen years havealtered you more, than me." "Are you a widow, Helen ?' " .1 don't know-for certain..: Myhusband; sailed for Australia more than a year since, and I have not heard from him. He left the steamer at the Cape, and did not return to it before it sailed. Sometimes I think he must be dead, and then I am again hope- .ul." - " And I have never married, Helen. . I could not care for another woman, Tkke •courage, my'dear old sweetheart; T feel sure God will not allow you to suffer for, a; crime .you did not commit. Ihavebeen working, against vou : now I will move lieaven and earth to prove your innocence. Good-bye for the present." " Good-bye, Tom : I will trust you." At first, as he told me, he was tempted to give some evasive reply to bis chief when asked what .the accused woman wanted -with him, but such a course would hinder his renewed investigations, and, to tile-great: astonishment of the detective inspector, he declared his belief in the woman's innocence of the crime and his determination to; bring the real murderer to justice. " You knew the woman Gordon before this happened, Tosh ? " " Yes ; she was my first sweetheart, and ; Ihave cherished her.-memory so much as" to keep me a bachelor. Care and grief, helped by want and suffering, I suspect, have transformed the bonniest' lassie in Renfrewshire into what you now see, but to me, think me a fool if you like for saying so, sbe is still the one woman in allthe world." "Nay, Tom, I have known you long enough to feel certain that you must have good ground for. believing her innocent. Has she told you anything ? ' " She has assured me before God that she iB perfectly innocent, and l am satisfied. Don't ask me to go on with the inquiries in the <sase,for leannofcdo it. I shall take up her case now." " Very well, Tosh, 1 will relieve you. Suppose you take a month's leave and join forces with Sandy Sharp, who Is also ;couvinced of the innocence of Mrs, Gordon and her boy." , " Thank you, sir, I wiU do that," But the discovery Tom bad made seemed to completely unnerve him. He came to ^ me, and begged me to take up the case " for him, entreating me to put forth all -my,, powers io unravel the mystery of the murder. • •• And ..never.did2 ..enter into .a c&6e with wa. in -•(• ztal, or a stronger determination to, reach the goal at which I aimed. I had my hair cut close, and procured a dark wig and beard. Then in the attire of a shabby foreiguer, and with a bag of sponges on tny arm, I went and reiited. the rooms j vacated by Mrs. Gordon and her boy. I j had decided that tlie murderer muet have been- someone -familiar with the premises, - with the habits of the deceased woman, j and: with the movements of the Gordons. Cautious inquiiies resulted in the certainty: that none of the tenants of the numerous houses in the big pile of dwellings had left ' since tile .murder, and I began to study them. But for several days .my efforts to obtain any-clue seemed as though they •would be fruitless. \- I' was entering the common stair at alate hour-on a Saturday evening when a woman passed me. -. " Norah Morrissey, the rag . sorter ? - | -Wliere can she be going at- such.a late hour 3 A fine-built "young woman, big; enough to—yes; she is : "big enough to have 1 lifted the body of Mrs. Anderson from the - bed.to the corner where it was found." - I followed her cautiously; a:task of«ome difficulty, for she caeemed to wish to avoid being recognised. At the junction .of New City-road with Western -road she stopped, and was presently joined , by a soldier, 6o whom she h&nded; something. . " You're a bi ick. Noiah my jewel! Come down to the Broomielaw at two to-morrow. and we'll have a sail-to Greenock and back,-' Biid-the soldier as I was passing them.with a view to get a good look at him.: At th. e hour named next afternoon I was sauntering along the Broomielaw, and followed the soldier and his sweetheart on board . the steamer. They sat down on a seat on the deck, and I joined them, soun, to all appearance, falling asleep. . "Have you sent in the pajjers for your discharge yet, J?atey?" asUed - the ragsorter. ' - V. "Not yet, Norah ; what's ; the use of •doing that till I'm sure of the money to buy myself out with ?" replied the soldier. ." Havien't l told you plain euougTi that I've got the money ? But you're to marry me first, and then the money is yours." " Let me see it. I'll not .believe you have it till you show it to me." -. " Couldn't, trust you, Patsy dear-: you. might snatch it away from me and then sweariit.was your own.. .Oh, .no ; just take me to church, and then the money will come." , " I'll see you hanged firsti" - . What was there in the expression of the .soldier to have such.a-startling effect upon the woman ? " Holy-Mother ! What is-the matter with you, Norah, dear ? . You look as if you had seen a ghost." " A touch o' the heartburn, Patey— that is all." • ; , " Another strand of the rope that is to, hang-that weman 1" ,1 said to myself. The soldier was evidently huffed,, and without a word to the woman, lie left the steamer at Partick. She followed; and to my intense chagrin, they thus escaped me for the time, for I dare not go with them.' Satisfied that I was on thp right track, in the morning I went out to MaryhiU in my own proper person, and made ,some inquiries anent the soldier sweetheart of Norah Morrissey. 1 was not greatly surprised to learn that he was a married man; who was making a cat's-paw of Norah for his own selfish ends. His wife, I was told, lived in a one-roomed house in MaryhiU. ' \- When Norah returned from her work in the evening sbe found- a letter waiting,her, which I had written, telling her that i'atsy Callaghan was a married man, and that his .wife lived at -No.. 3, ; seoond stair, Rowan-street, Maryhilh The letter Jiad no; signature, but it*Was efficacious in producing the result I hoped.. Accompanied by, Tom Tosh and a constable in plainclothes, I went out to MaryhiU, and we awaited the coming of. the Irishwoman.- "Soon after seven we saw her enter the stair, and a minute afterwards Tosh followed quietly* remaining at the head of. the second stair. Presently,: the excited voice of & woman was heard. . " I .-don't• believe yonliave the money ; you have been only trying to make a fool of jny Patsy, fout. he.was r too sharp for you. And if you iave the £20 you,; stole it off the ould woman. Mrs. - Andorson,-after you! had strangled her. I would rather ; -my husl and was "in the service for ttventy years rather than have him bought out by blood-money, so there." The effect of this boldly- expressed'accusation was_ startling. Norah turned pale, eeled, and Wituld . have fallen down thestair but for Tom Toahj Who bad crept up the stair. . -'. - ... "I am,a police-officer, andshall. take you into custody, Norah Morrissey, on suspicion of haying murdered Mary Anderson;'-' " It is God's judgment. 1 did it," and strong-minded as the big Irishwoman was, she fainted. But she soon recovered, and a cab being procured, we conveyed our prisoner to the' Central, Tom Tosh, electrifying his chief by the story he had to tell. A search of Norah's room, resulted in the stolen money ; being found and,; what was far more important. a dark blue leatner purse which the niece of the murdered woman had piiven to her as a New Year's gift. . Some of the notes stolen had on the back thenameof the factor who managed the; kittle property Mrs. Anderson possessed,- and had been paid to tier by him a few weeks before themurder. The evidence against Norah -.Morrissey was thus quite sufficient for a remand. " , In the meantime application for "bail was made to . the Sheriff on behalf of Mrs. Gor- .don and 'her.soD^and,it was granted..; Tom Tosh being tbe-tfearer to bis old'sweetheart of the good news. ; .••...-.:•...... Where is the%oy ?"" asked Tom -when Mrs. Gordon was brought : alone to the ;visiting room, -•••-. . . • .--.' Why have Colin here? It only adds to his grief every time he is allowed to see B." •-• " You will be at liberty in five minutes, Helen,'', said the. detective, with a tremor in his voice-that ,told ,herhow keenly he felt the stigma tb&t; had been .caat npon ber: "Oh. Tom ! . Then yon have discovered my innocence ? " ;; No. Sandy;Sharp has done it all. It was Norah MorrisBey committed the murder." " • . — -.-. I knew there was such a woman in the landj but I never spoke to her. Here is "Colin." We are ^going home again,' my laddie. And oh, if ever you find anything again in thestreetsidoiqthidpatfromme.".- Norah Morrissey .was sent for trial and. found T^uilty. , Mrs.-;Gordon:and her-son were then formally placed . 1 in: vthe' dock, the judge -instructing -the :jury ;3so return a verdict of not guilty. Before announcing :.thteir ^discharge,. ~*he judge gave Colin -a severe lecture - npon : his wickedness^ in, having concealed from his mother the finding of_the gilded shilling, But both judge and, court were astonished when the boy said, the. tears rolling,Sown 7 his cheeks as he spoke---. ,. My lo.rd, do you know what it is to be hungry ? Have you eyer sat for a whole: day in-winter without fire.«r;food ? If not you cannot;. tell wbp.t.1 felt when I thought I had ..found.a; sovereign, enough lo keep hunger a.nd cold away from as for a week or two. That is all 1 have to say." "How old is that boy S" asked the judge. " I am thirteen, my lord." '" Then 1 must • confoss that bis little speech;, does credit to his head; and heart,' and I; shall: 'beivleased if his . mother willallow rae to find^anopening for himwhere his undoubted talents iriay.be.cultivated."" : Tom Tosh was a comparatively happy man ,rwhen he took $ea with ithe Gordons' that afternoon. -He was not"withoufc hopes that - Mrs. Gordon .would . at last believe iu her husbond's 'S^tliv ^na -marry, -her_first lover—himeelf f^fiut -ie, wisely refrained from broaching the subject for&he;'time. ' Before ber execution!-Norah, Morrissey made a lull confessiohtof her igailt,, and ishe met her doom :with afirmnessEeldpmsbowi} by a woman. . When ' another.yearbad.elapsed, briijg ing.no tidingsiof her husband, Mrs. Gordon became Mrs. Tosh, and my 7 wifeand the happy bride £oon became fast friends. 