One Month in Brls- bane Gaol. (BY ONE WHO DID IT). It was my first acquaintance with the prisoner's dock in a Police Court, the result being that I was sentenced to one month's imprisonment in default of a fine, and was forthwith marched back to the cell in the watch-house there to await the arrival of " Black Maria, " which duly arrived at 2.30 p.m., in the shape of a covered-in wag- gonette and pair, which drove off to Boggo road. Having only read about gaols, and never having been obliged to be confined in one, I had, by the time we had arrived at the sombre black gates, got to be rather nervous, but when I was ushered into the quad- rangle, the feelings were quite relieved, on seeing how bright and cheerful it looked with its three pretty flowerbeds and the afternoon sun lighting up the clean and well-kept buildings. Very little time was wasted, and I was taken to the fumigating room, where one of the warders called by the irrevent riminals " Screws ") told me to strip, and hurry up about it, which being done I was bustled off to the bath room there to be thoroughly scrubbed in hot water and disinfecting soap of the strongest and coarsest, and then a cold shower. I was then rigged out with a flannel singlet, blue striped shirt, moleskin pants, fustian jacket, slouch hat and bluchers, all bar the latter profusely decorated with the prisons' brand. Being now thoroughly converted into Government property, another " Screw " took me along and locked me up in a cell, which, like everything else about the place, was remarkably clean, and in it there was a hammock and five blankets, so I proceeded to make myself at home until further orders, which did not come until 6.39 a.m. next morning, when all the prisoners are taken out and mustered and marched off to their respective yards, of which there are eight ; the prisoners are divided into eight classes, according to their sentences. For one week after arrival all sorts and conditions of prisoners are placed in the quaran- tine yard, where they remain all day and do no work, and the meals are as follows :—At .7 a.m., breakfast : One tin plate of what is called hominy (a conglomeration of ground maize, oat- meal, and water), generally half-cold and no flavoring. But I had fasted 16 hours, and could have eaten any- thing. At 11 a.m., dinner, which is comprised of soup (?) (one pint of hot water discolored, with a slight sus- picion of grease, a few grains of barley, and perchance a small chip or two of carrot) ; meat, hard and dry, about a cubic inch ; three potatoes, and a pinch of salt ; last, but not least, as it was good and fresh, 12oz. of bread. At 3 p.m., supper, hominy again. To end the day, at 4 p.m. is muster, and each being subjected to a rigid search, all are locked up in the cells for the night. The first few nights and days of the above routine is monotony almost unendurable to a person of active habits. It was in this yard that I heard the merits of the different colonial gaols discussed, and learnt a few terms used among "gaolbirds." The gaol in Adelaide (S.A.) was con- sidered by those who had tried all, to be by far the best, "plenty of good tucker and a quarter of a fig (plug) of baccy a day." Brisbane was the " WUST—bad and little tucker, and no baccy." I had to suffer some " chaff " when I asked the meaning of some "slang" ; such as "two stretch" (Anglice, two years), "sixer" (six months). On the seventh day after my arrival I was called out and asked if I wanted to work, and on consenting, was examined by the doctor, and then sent out to the ex- terior grounds to work in the pick and shovel gang, and in the evening was consigned to my proper yard amongst the "first-timers.'' My cell was changed, and I found myself along- side the gallows ; but strange to say, although so close to such a dismal machine, I was not haunted by any ghosts of departed murderers. A slight description of the gaol I will now give for the information of those who are not in the " know." To the eastward are three wings—A., B. and C. Wing A., lying east and west ; B. and C., north and south, at the west entrance to A. They are each two stories high, and on each floor are ten cells aside ; below the ground floor are the dark cells, three in number. Just inside the entrance to A. wing, and on the second floor, are the trap doors of the scaffold, the beam being on the second floor. To the westward are the main gates, and on entering to the right is a main building, containing, kitchen, wash- house, and large room for making mats and rough straw hats; on the left is a similar building, in which are the dis- pensary, offices, library, and senior warders quarters ; at the back of this is the wood yard, bath-house, tinsmith and carpenters' shops. Outside the gates and high wall, to the right is the Chief Warder's house, and to the left that of the Superintendent, each with a good garden. The different yards radiate from A wing as far as the pas- sage inside the high walls, the whole of them being under the eye of war- ders stationed at both ends of A wing and twooppositecorners of the high wall. In our working gang there were some " old timers," and first day during " smoke oh " (which was allowed specially, for we were turning up odoriforous soil—old pipes and tobacco being supplied) one of them handed a pipe to me saying :— " 'Ere y'are, take this 'un, 'twas ole Billy Broome's," but I declined with thanks. Some had known him and they con- versed about him and his crime ; one who was in the goal at the time of his execution said, " Billy was a cool 'un, fur he walked to the scaffold just as if he was goin' to his brekfust." While doing work, the rations were increased by 4oz of bread, 8oz meat, and a little more vegetables in the soup (?) and dinner and supper hours changed to 11,50 a.m., and 4 p.m., and at 5 p.m. locked up. All prisoners except " old timers," were locked up in their cells for meals and when not at work. " Every Saturday, each one is provided with an entire shift of clothing and books from the library are issued to those who wish them. Sundays there are two services, a.m. being " Church of England," p.m. being " Nonconformist " and are held on the basement floor of B wing, where there is a very good har- monium ; attendance at service is optional. For any ordinary breach of prison rules, the punishment is confinement in a dark cell on half rations, which must be rather tough, judging by the appearance of those who have done a few days of it. Great interest was taken in one who came to the gaol condemned to death, and when the sentence was changed to imprisonment for life, the poor fellow showed what a great relief it was to him. There is one thing which I thought was not in accordance with the usual prison custom, and that is, that you still retain your name, in fact there is a ticket outside each cell door with name in fdlijfence, dates of sentence and discharge, so that everyone soon knows ffl(if:»ji)l. it must he awkward for 'rbmtjWide. What with plenty of hard work and rest the end of my time iS'.y.'eiuiie, and the day before discharge I was allowed to prepare my wardrobe, and was given every facility to press and clean up the clothes which had, for 30 days, been crumpled up in a small canvas bag ; I had a good hair- cut and a shave also. At 6.45 a.m. on THE day I shifted once again into citizen's clothes, and with a good prison discharge in my pocket, by 7 o'clock found myself outside of those black gates, a free man once more ; and with the deter- mination never to try any more board and lodging at Her Majesty's expense, I walked off as quickly as my legs could carry me to get a respectable and substantial meal. 