Music in Worship. (A Sermon by the Rev. T. De Witt Talmage, D.D.) (Concluded.) _ i And they haa two hundred, forty, and five singing men and women. Nehemiah 7, 67. And I remark, in the first place, A PROMINENT CHARACTERISTIC OUGHT TO BE ADAPTIVENESS TO DEVOTION. Music that may he appropriate for -a concert hall, or the opera-house, or the drawing-room, may be inappropriate in church. Glees, madri gals, ballads, may be as innocent as psalms in their places. But church music has only one. design, and that is -devotion, and that which ¡ comes with the toss, the : swing, and the display j of an opera-house" is u hindrance to the wor ship. From such performances -'we go away ; saying, "What splendid execution! Did you eyer hear.such a* soprano ? . Which of those solos.did yc¿u like the better?" When, if we_; had been rightly wrought upon, we,-would have gone away sayingy "Oh! how my soul was' lifteac up in the presence of God while they were sing ing that first hymn! I never had such raptu rous views of Jesus Christ as my Saviour as when they were singing- that last doxology." Myv friends', there is an everlasting distinction between mus^feis an art and music as a help to devotion. Though a Schumann -composed it, though a Mozart played it, though a ." Sontag sang it, ; . AWAY WITH IT IP IT DOES NOT MAKE THE HEART BETTER and honor Christ. Why should we rob the pro grammes" of worldly gaiety when we have so many appropriate songs and tunes composed in. our own day, as well as that m^^*;ff$0l inheri tance of church psalmody ; which has come down fragrant with the devotions of other generations -^-tunes no more worn out than they were when our great- grandfathers climbed up on them from the church pew to glory? Dear old souls, how they used to sing! -When they were cheerful our grandfathers and grandmothers used to sing "Colchester." When they were very meditative, then the boarded meeting-house rang with "South-street" and "St. Edmund's." Were they struck through with great tenderness, they sang "Woodstock." Were they wrapped in visions of the glory of the church, they sang "Zion." Were they overborne with the love and glory of Christ ~ they sang "ArieL" And in those days there were certain tunes married to certain hymns, and they have lived-in. peace-a great iwhile, these two old people, and we have no:. right L to divorce them. :"WfcatGqd hath:joined tçgèthér let no man put asunder." - Born as we; have been amid this: great wealth of church music, augmented by the compositions of artists in our. own day, we.ought not to he tempted put of the sphere of Christian harmony, and try 'to seek unconsecrated sounds. It is absurd for . a millionaire tb steal. - : I- remark also that correctness ought to be a characteristic of church music While we all oiíght to take part in this ..service, with perhaps a few exceptions, we ought at the same time t« cultivate ourselves in this sacred art. GOD'LOVES HARMONY, AND WE OUGHT TO ' DOVE IT. There is no devotion in a howl or a yelp. - In this day, when there are so many opportunities of high culture in this sacred art, I declare that those parents are guilty of neglect who let theil sons and daughters grow" up knowing nothing about music. In some of the European cathe« drats the choir assemble every morning and every _ afternoon of every day the whole year to perfect * themselves in this art, and shall we begrudge the half-hour we spend Friday nights in the rehearsal of sacred song for the Sabbath? Another characteristic must he spirit and life. Music ought to rush -from the audience like the water from a rock-clear, bright, sparkling. If all the other part of the church Bervice ls dull, do not have the music dull. With so many thrilling things to sing, about, away with all drawling and stupidity. There is nothing that makes me so nervous as to sit in a pulpit and look off on an audience ' with_their -eyes' three-fourths closed,, and. their lips almost shut,, mumbling the praiseB of God* During one pf my journeys I preached ta an audience of two or. three thousand people, and all . tho music/ they made together did not " equal one skylark! People do not sleep at a coronation j do not let us sleep when we come to a / - ^ Saviour's/ crowriing. ' -¡f$ In order to a proper discharge of this duty, -~ LET:-TIS STAND UP, "j** save as age, or weakness, br fatigue,, excuse us. v Seated in an easy pew we cannot do titus duty half . -;. so well as when upright we throw* our whole body .into it. Let our song^be like an acclamation of 1 ?>%, victory. We have a right tp sing: do not sur- ' ^ Tender your prerogative. If in the performance ** / of your duty, or the attempt .at it, you should lose your place in the musical scale and be one C ' jj -below when you ought to be- one C above, or you <'J should come in half a bar behind; we will excusé : )^ you! Still, it is better to do as Paul says, and. sing "with the spirit and the understanding " ' also." 'V . Again: I remark church music muet be congrega tional. This opportunity must be brought down within the range of the whole audience. A song ithat the worshippers cannot sing is of no more u«ïe to them than a sermon in Choctaw. What an. v easy kind of church it must be where the minis ter does all tho preaching, and the elders all the 'j praying, and the choir all the singing. There ' aro but very few churcheâ where there are-"two hundred and forty and five singing men and sing ing' women..'* In some churches it is almost considered a disturbance if a man let ",out his voice " to full compaes, and the people get up on tiptoe and look over, between the'spring hals, and wonder what that man is ^ making all-that noise about.- In Syracuse, N.Y:, ; in a'Presbyterian Church, there was one .member who came to me when I was the pastor of another church in that city, and told me his trouble-" how-that; as he persisted in singing on the Sah,-: bath day, a committee, made up of the session, -and the choir, hád come to ask him if he would not just please to-keep still! You have a right to sing. Jonathan .Edwards used to set apart whole days for singing. LET US WAKE UP TO THIS DUTY. .Let us sing alone, sing in our families, sing in our schools, sing in our churches. I want to.rouse you to a unanimity in Christian - song that "has never yet been exhibited. ' Come, now!" Clear your throats and get ready for thîa duty, or you will never hear the end of this. I never shall forget hearing a Frenchman sing the "Marseillaise", on the Champs Elysees, Paris, just before the battle of Sedan in 1870. I never saw such enthusiasm before or since.. As he sang that national air, oh! how the Frenchmen shouted! Have you ever in an English assemblage heard a band play "God Save the Queen?"- If you have, you know something about the enthusiasm of a national air. Now, I tell you that these songs we sing Sabbath by Sabbath are the national airs of the kingdom of. heaven, and if you-do not learn to sing them here; how do you . ever - expect to sing the song- of Moses and the Lamb? . I should not be surprised at all if some of the best anthems of heaven were made up of some of the best, songs on earth. May God increase our reverence : for Christian psalmody, and keep us from, disgracing it by our indifference and frivolity. WHEN CROMWELL'S ARMY WENT INTO BATTLE, he stood at the.head of it one day, and gave out . the longriñetré doxology) td the tune of the "Old Hundredth, ''' 'and that great host, company by company, regiment . by regimentj division by di vision, joined in the. doxology:. . ; Praise God from wliom. all-blessings How, Praise Him, all creatures'Mere below; / Praise Him above, ye heavenly host, Praise Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. , ? And - while they sang they marched, and while. r . they inarched they fought, and whiíe they fought theyv got the victory. O-men and- women of Jesus Christ, let us gp into all our conflicts sing». lng the praises of God, and then, instead of falling back, as we of ten-dp, from defeat to de feat, we will be marching on from victory to victory. "Gloria in Excelsis" is written over many organs. Would that by our appreciation of the goodness of Godj>and the mercy of Christ, and the grandeur of%£-aven, we could have "Glo ria in Excelsis" written over all our souls. "Glory be to the Father, and to the Spn,~_and to the Holy Ghost; as it was in the beginning, is now, and ever shall be, world without end. Amen!" - _ . ? 