AFTER THE WAR. " Oh, were you at war in tho red Eastern land ? What did you hear, and what did you see ? Saw you my son with his sword in his hand ? Sent he by you any dear word to me ?" " I come from red war in that dire Eastern land ; Three deeds I saw done one might well die to see ; But 1 know not your son with his sword in his hard ; If you wouid hear of him paint him to me." " Oh, he is as gentle as south winds in May " 'Tis not a gentle place where I have beeu ;" " Oh, he has a smile like the outbreak of day " Where men are dying fast, smiles are not seen." "Tell me the mightiest deeds that were done,. Deeds of chief honor you saul. you saw there ; You said you saw: three — I am' sure he di.d, one, My heart shall discern him, and cry — This i'a he !" " I saw a man scaling a tower of despair, And he wont up alone, and- the. hosts, sh.outed loud." "That was my- son ! Iial he. streams. of fair hair ?" "Nay;, it was black as the blackest night cloud,."' " Did he live ?" " No ; h.e died, but th.e fortress, was won y And they said it was grand for a man, to, die so." " Alas for his mother ! He was not nay sod-. Was there no fair- haired aoidi.er who humi.lated | the foe ?" " I saw a man charging in front of his rank, Thirty yards on, in a hurry to die ; Straight as au arrow hurled into the flank. Of a huge desert beast ere th.e hunter draws nigh," " Did he live ?" " No ; he died, but the battle was won, And the conquest-cry carried his name through the air. Be comforted mother, he was not thy son, Worn was his forehead and grey was his hair." " Oh, the brow of' my- son. iB as smooth as a rose, I kissed it last night in my dream. 1 have heard Two legends of fame from the land of our foes ; But you said there were thjree, you must tell me the third," " I saw a man flash from- tho trenches and fly In a battery's face, but it was not to slay ; A poor little drummer had dropped down to die, With his ankle shot through in the place where he lay. ' ' He carried the boy like a babe through the rain, The death-pouting torrents, of grape-shot and shell, And he walked at a foot's pace because of the pain, Laid his burden dowB gently, smiled one, and then fell " " Did he live ?" "No ;ho died, but he rescued the boy. Such a, death is more noble than life (so they said). He had streams of fair hair and a face full of j»y, And his name " Speak it not. 'Tis my sou ! He is dead I "Oh. dig him a grave by the red rowan tree, Where the spring moss grows softer than fringes of foam ; And lay his bed smoothly,, and leave room, for me, For I; shall be ready before he comes liome. "And carve on his toombstone a., name and. a wreath, And a tale to. touch, hearts through, the slow spreading years, How he died, his noble and beautiful death. And his mother, who longed for him,, died of her tears. 'But what is thi3 face shining in at the door, With its old smile of. peace and its flow of fair haij ? Are you come blessed, ghost from the far heavenly shore ? Do not go back aloue !— let me follow you there !" " Oh ! clasp me dear mother, I; come to remain : I come to your heart, and. God answers your prayer. Your son is alive from the hosts of the slain, And the cross of our Queen on his breast glitters fair." Mr B. Skedlev, 