THE PALACE OF VERSAILLES. (BT Anon J. MnsKETT.) It was winter time, dull, foggy weather that struck a chill to body and spirits, when a cheery Australian joined me for a few days in Paris before proceeding on her journey south. We spent the time seeing as much of Paris together as possible, and, as a grand finish to her visit, determined to have a day at Versailles. So early one still grey morning we stood in the railway station that bears the high-sounding name of Mount Parnassus. " Was it going to be fine P" wo anxiously period of one another, shivering in Spite of furs. " Why of course this fog would turn to clear wintry sunshine ; we might set off in confidence." So after the usual false alarms we found our train and wore off. Vary lovely the country looked, mist veiled though it was, and every mile of the way was interesting, because non to Australian eyes. We were soon outside the grassy ramparts of the city. If you wish to know exactly what the ramparts look like, study the picture by Harry Thompson in our Art Gallery. On two whirled past forts that played their part in the siege of 1870 ; past Clamurt, where in the spring the cuckoo sounds his call in woods carpeted with wild hyacinths and blue bells ; past Sevres and St. Cloud and finally, at the end of 40 minutes, are at Versailles. So far so good, though everything in this quarter of the town looked desperately ugly and grimy, nor had our wintry sunshine yet showed itself ; but, undaunted, we wound our way out of the smaller streets into the wide Avenue de Paris. On either side of the avenue is, a double row of trees, and though at this season they were leafless, yet they formed a picturesque vista through which to look towards him palace, The Avenue, ends in a huge square, the Place d'Armes, on reaching which my oonivmnion, as having the larger pocket of the two in her winter coat, stowed away our Baodekor, and we walked through the iron gates into the first court with a brisk and business-like air, n manoeuvre that succeeded excellently, for we were almost unmolested by the vendors of guides and catalogues that lie in wait here for the guileless tourist. This first court of the palace, from which open two smaller ones, the royal and the marble courts, is known as the Court of Honour. It is surrounded by two rows of Btntites of various Car- dinals, Ministers, and Marshals of France, while in the centre is a colossal equestrian statue of Louis XIV., the Grand Monarch, to whom Versailles chiefly owes its being. Bolero his time it had been a more hunting lodge ; but as Louis wished for a new treasure-house, . the little ledge developed into, the wonderful Palace of Versailles stretching a quarter of a mile from north to south, and became the chief resi- dence of the court the " Abyss of Expenses," Voltaire called it, from the enormous cost of its erection and ornamentation. Round the palace sprang up the town of Versailles, in the same manner as the town of Fontainebleau round its palace. From the time of Louis XIV. to the great Revolution Versailles was the source of all that was great, and oftentimes all that was scandalous in the history of, French monarchy, but even when the Revolution had become a thing of the past the palace still remained dis- mantled and deserted till Louis Philippe converted it into an historical picture gallery. Once after that it took a little importance On the head quarters of the conqueror of the French army. Then it lapsed again into a mere show place, where every tourist who wills can come and amuse himself without a thought of those whose life history lay within its walls. " All mapped out and arranged for tourist diversion," Thackeray might have said of Versailles as royal early as he did of Rome. The north wing of the palace forms the start- ing point for the visitor. In four suites of rooms are contained historical pictures covering a period that ranges from Charlemagne to the time of Louis Philippe, the middle of the eighth to the middle of the nineteenth century. As above all things the historical value of this gallery was considered, it naturally follows that many of the pictures have not the slightest interest from an artistic point of view. One small suite, the " Rooms of the Crusades," however, besides the pictures they contain are beautiful in themselves, being panelled in carved wood with here and there the coloured armorial bearings of Frederick Barbarossa, Cour de Lion and other celebrated Crusaders ; while in the lost suite are hung some of the finest pictures in the whole collection, notably the battle pieces by Horace Vernet. This painter, who was one of the chief men in the romantic school of French art, for a time devoted his services to the campaigns of the French army, and nowhere can he be studied so well as at Versailles. In this suit is also the well-known picture by Yvon, 11 Napoleon's Retreat from Moscow," and another interesting one by Muller, " The Roll Call of the Last Victims of the French Revolution." Indeed it was this picture, brought to my mind by the last scene in the drama of " The Only Way," that led me once more to wander in memory through Versailles. All these pictures, by giving a resume of French history, form it good introduction to the rest of the palace, where intimate associations crowd thick and fast. Firstly, the Palace Chapel, which is very richly decorated with paintings and sculpture. It has a royal gallery from which Louis XIV. listened to the most eloquent preachers of France, the chief amongst whom was Rossner, who delivered to the Versailles Court some of his famous funeral orations. Many years later the marriage of Marie Antoinette of Austria, then not yet IG, to the Dauphin, was celebrated in this chapel with much pomp. One of the next big scenes of her life took place in the theatre of Versailles. The first warnings of the morning storm of the Great Revolution had already been sounded, when a fete for the Royal Garde du Corps was held in this great theatre of the palace. At the moment when the health of the Royal family was drunk by the Guards with their drawn swords in their hands, Marie Antoinette, carrying her son, the little Dauphin, and accompanied by the King, came into the theatre. The Guards flung them selves at the feet of the Queen and vowed fidelity to the death, a vow three of them fulfilled a few days later by giving their lives in defence of the queen's apartments against the mob. The main building of the palace is still more closely associated with the personal history of the royal inhabitants, and no room in it more so than the famous Galerie des Glaces (Gallery of the Mirrors) which runs along the garden side of the central edifice. It is 20ft. long and 35ft. broad, 17 large arched windows look out upon the gardens, opposite each window is a huge mirror in a gilded move, while the ceiling is decorated by Charles Le Brun, an artist of the court of Louis XIV., with representations of the achievements of that monarch. The floor is polished till it gives back reflections almost as brilliantly as the mirrors. While Vorsaillos was in her glory what a procession of kings and queens, philosophers, statesmen, warriors, courtiers, preachers, and boatrace this stately room has seen I Louis XIV. and his queen, Peter the Great of Russia, Racine, Moliere, the beauty. ful.Louisodo la Valliuro, Boileau, Turenne, the great general, the serious Madame de Maintcnon ; Louis XV., who played in this room as a child, and his queen Voltaire, and two more celebrated beauties, Madame de la Pompadour and Madame du Barry. Later on in the Court of Louis XVI. and Marie Antoinette was the orator Edmund Burke, who in his famous speech describes the Queen at Versailles " glittering like the morning star, full of hope, and splendour, and joy." Princess de Lamtmlte, one of the first victims of the Revolution, was BIRD in the train of the Queen ; the King's brother, afterwards Charles X , and the saintly Madame Elizabeth, the King's sister; Lafayette, the popular hero of the American war- ; Talleyrand, the diplomatist, and a quaint little figure in quaker garb, Benjamin Franklin, the representative of the United States. Some eighty years later, after the downfall of Sedan, Vorsaillos become the headquarters of the Germany army, under General Moltke, and also of Count Bismarck and the King of Prussia. Part of the building was converted into a military hospital, and it is to the credit of the Germans that they carefully covered the pictures to preserve them from injury. On January 18, 1871, King William I of Prussia was proclaimed Emperor of Germany in this same Gallery of Mirrors Since then on that date Vorsaillos is always closed The ante-room of the big gallery is called the Salle de la Guerre, from the painted ceiling, where a prodigious Frances Marla thunderbolts of Spain, Germany, and Holland, who Dowerin terror The German Emperor must have stalled grimly as he passed under this picture he had SO refuted Says the guide book " the Galerie des Glaces commands a beautiful view of the gardens laid out by Le Notre, the prince of Hndsospo gardeners ," a statement we were compelled to take on trust, as we could see nothing but a grey mist, with just here and there a shadowy form looming out that might be a tree, or a statue, or-any- thing "Never mind,' we said, with under minished cheerfulness, " it will clear at noon " And yet a little depression t crept upon lia, be cause in all that vast building we our) saw one or two other tourists , evidently others were more weather so than we were Opening off the big gallery are the suites of royal apartments The grand up garments of the 1 ing are all elaborately) decorated, the ceilings in particular being painted with the sprawling gods and goddesses so popular during a certain period of French art One room, the bedchamber of Louis XIV, still contains the richly adorned bed, and the furniture in tortoise shell and gilded bronze by Buhl, the Court C cabinet maker From the balcony of this room, which overlooks the marble court, the First Chamberlain publicly announced the death of Louis " The king is dead I" he cried, breaking his wand of office, and then, taking another, " Long live the king I" In another room, the " Salon of the Greeks " is a collection of wonderful clocks of all kinds One tall one tells not only the time but the phases of the moon, the position of the sun in the zodiac and the names of the day and month This collection is probably due to house), kind hearted Louis XVI, who had a passion for clocks and clock making He kept up the clocks of Versailles in order, which would be quite an occupation in itself, one thinks Opening from the further end of the Galena des Glaces are the " Grand Apartments of the Queen The first two of this state were the drawing room and bedroom of the three queens Mario LOIUBO Thoroso, Mine Loozinsku, and Marie Antoinette in BUIcession All three were unhappy queens-the first, Mario Therese Knowing herself beloved by her husband, Louis XIV the second queen, although her husband, Louis XV , professed love for her, had ) of to watch him under the influence of Madame de la Pompadour and Madame Du Barry and lastly Marie Antoinette, who, after all her sufferings, was guillotined by her subjects Mary is an unlucky name for queens Has there over been a happy royal Mary. From these rooms Marie Antoinette went to a balcony overlooking the marble court and confronted the mob that had marched from Paris and demanded her life She faced them with it courage that proved her no unworthy daughter of the great Austrian Empress Maria Theresa, but the yelling ravenous people would not be appeased till the popular Lafayette came forward and kissed the queen's hand, while the king formally promised to return to Paris,- The Royal family left Vorsaillos at noon that same day, and from then the glories of the palace has departed In a further room of thosamostutehistory takes a leap The Revolution is a thing of the past This is the room of the " Consecration of Napoleon " so-called from David's famous picture of the " Coronation of Napoleon and Josephine in Notre Dame, ' which hangs here A second picture by David is " Napoleon Distributing Eagles to the French Army in 1894," while in the centre of the room, like a stem homily on fleeting greatness, is the statue by Vera, The Last moments of Napoleon " a figure of the exiled Emperor seated in an armchair, drooping simply, with head Btiukon on his breast, and on cs that gaze unfeelingly Scattered through the various rooms are many other interesting pictures of Bonaparte the celebrated one by David, " Napoleon Crossing the Alps," famous portraits, particularly the one in which Napoleon wears the robes of a Roman Emperor, pictures of his two marriages, the two empresses, and his by his body brought back to France in the south wing is the second most beautiful room in the palace, the Galerie don Batailles It is even larger than the Galerie des Glaces, and is only loss imposing because it is more a public gallery than a royal apartment It contains more than 33 huge paintings by modern artists (modern in the sense of being since David, who is of died the father of modern French painting) including Ary Scheffer, Horace Vernet, Delacroix, Gerar!, find among modern men in our sense of the word, De Neuville and Moree The battles represented range from the time of COVER to our own days Besides the pictures are 80 busts of celebrated generals who fell in battle, their names being inscribed on tablets in the recesses of the window B In all the pictures, particularly those of Horace Vernet, the general on his charger is a conspicuous figure The charger invariably princes and paw the air with a hoof in the correct battle li orso style, for a charger to stand on his fore feet would be quite inadmissible In addition he has brilliant rod nostrils that dilate on, and flushing eyes, so that altogether he is an imposing animal I am afraid we two weak women did not appreciate these pictures quite as much as boys would have done for example, we were glad to get away to lOSs ferocious subjects There is still room after room of historical paintings, portraits of kings, queens, marshals, admirals, constables, and even the chateaux of France, to say nothing whatever of four or five sculpture galleries, all of which we did OR conscientiously as might be By the time we had gone through them all it was long past noon, and never the faintest gleam of sunshine We went out into the Ground Terrace in front of the palace, and now came our great disappointment Of course we had intended to explore the gardens and the great and little Primions so intimately connected with Marie Antoinette but alas I the fog was thicker than ever It hung before us like an impenetrable curtain We were afraid to venture on the Ter race lest we should be lost, and the idea of walk- ing three-quarters of a mile along winding paths to the Tnanous was not to be entertained 1 No formal gardens, clipped trees, and geometrical walks, great fountains or pavilions fortis that winter's day We must go back to Paris and parry questions on the Trianon as well as we could " The very best of all Versailles !" we had been told they were well one always misses the very best We turned away Badly enough, the fog in our throats and eyes, and with an ever growing sense of hunger It seemed to become colder every minute, and ne soon BE we got to the big Avenue do Pana, finding no one in sight, we can as long as our breath hold out for the sake of rest wing some circulation to our number bodies Picture two Australians wrapped up to the tips of their ears tearing hand-in-hand down a broad highway of France, as if all the ghosts of Vorsaillos were coming sWiftly after them We reached the neighbourhood of the station and found more misfortunes awaiting us A mee clean little restaurant, such as we had in | our mind's eye, where we might stop and have lunch was not to be found only uninviting cafes, with men smoking and drinking A rather late search in Baedeker revealed the Bad fact we had left all the restaurants behind us near the palace, and to complete our woes our train was nearly dry All we could got was a roll of bread and a stick of chocolate apiece, and then we rushed for our train When we reached Paris in the first dusk of a winter's afternoon, our only cry was for something to eat Something hot, " and please let us have it at once " And not till we were thawed and fed could we smile at one another, and sum it up as " not so bad a day after all " 