ITEMS OF INTEREST. An interesting story,, which is also true, of a'jcharger's faithful devotion, is told in the Canadian journals. Sergeant Parker, a North West Mouuted Policeman, wns unfortunately lost on tho prairie. For six days he wandered about laden with despatches, until at last ho became snow-blind. Then, starving, and frost-bitten, ho lay down, as ho thought, to die. His faithful horse stood sentinel over the soon unconscious man, and ifc was the spectacle of it, keeping resolute watch, which in tho end attracted the notice of a pasBing, mail-carrier. Tho horse, liko its 7-idor, had been six days without food, When, two weeks aftor, consciousness returned to tho rescued sergeant, he asked to see his faithful horso. It was brought to him, and at otice licked its master's face. Two day's later the animal was dead — ifc terrible experience in tho cold had exhausted its strength. Tho Carmelite Hospice, on the Canadian side of Niagara, is now heated by electricity derived from the Falls. Tbo. kitchen is equipped with an electric stove and ovens, coffeo and. tea urns, and a water-boiler of 400 gallons. Fow realise or stop to think how much wo are indebted to the inventor and machine designer for tho comforts, ' luxuries, and necessities of our daily life. . The loom which weaves our silks, cottons, and woollens ; the. harvesting machines which reap our corn ; tho machinery which forms our bricks and mixes our mortar ; tho printing mncbiue which makes the penny daily possible ; our food, clothing, furniture, literature, — all are produced on machinery which it is practically impossible to make or maintain without the modern machine tool, Wycherley, the friend of Pope, married Lady Drogheda, who was bittorly jealous of him'. He was fond of meeting his, friends at' the Cock Tavern, across tho street, but sho would not let him go unless ho left the window of the taproom opon that Bho might look in and see who composed tho party. She died in the course of timo, ond at tlio age of 75 he married a girl of 16, think ing sho had money. He was disappointed ; sho was poor, and eleven days aftor the cere mony he died of chagrin. Horr Montag, of Mannheim, is said to bo making artificial coal from ordinary soil with chomicals added. It does not omit poisonous gases, and loaves but littlo soot or ash; Patents have been applied for iu 17 countries. In 1898 there wero 159 schools of science in existence, with 21,193 students. This. is a considerable increase on tho preceding year, when the number of those schools was 143, with 18,142 students. Schools of science, in Scotland aro not included in these figures. The curvature of tbo earth is, in round' figures, 3 inches in a milo. Cooking has had its share in leading to a modified jaw and tooth. About half a pint of water is thrown off by the lungs every half-hour. Of 73 historic KingB of Scotland 61 are said to havo died iu battlo, or to have been murdered. ? The named of 53 Saxon kings are preserved, all.'of whom, with tho exception of four, died a violent death. Otto II. of Gorrnany massacred his ohief nobles at a feast, and ho himself died of, a wound from a poisoned arrow. ' It is estimated that at tho boginning of tbo now century England will havo 82,000,000,000 tons of coal still unused and available. A Goi'man army officer estimates that in tho last century no loss than 30,000,000 men have been killed in war in civilized countries. Most of the pianos and organs in tho South African Republic aro bought from Germany, but somo aro from England and tho United States. Tho cotton mills of Madras give employ ment to over 6,000 operatives. Accidents to workpeople aro said to bo remarkably few. Four hundred and. nine locomotives have boen shipped abroad from tho Baldwin Locomotive Works (U.S.A.) during tho year ending August 1st last. ?, An_ American haB, it is statod, invented a substitute for rubber, and is now working on 'a sot of tyres for an automobilo, and' guards his secret well. . , ? ? It is prodioted that within five yeai's the automobilo will havo supplanted tho present, method of wheeling. Marcus Aurolius Antonious is said to have boen poisouod by his wifo, tho younger Faustina, a woman of most abandoned charaotor. The diamond, though hard, is ono of the most brittle of stones. A fall on a wooden floor will sometimes crack arid, ruin a fine diamond. . ? ' Accordingto M. do Thierry, in a *uoto to tho Acadomio des Soionoes, Paris, oarbonic acid is not confined to tho lower strata of tho atmosphere, but oxists in uoai-ly tho same proportion at a height of 12,000 foot ou tho Grand Mulets as it does 6000 foot lower down. Garriok married an Austrian dancer named ? O ? ~~*''D '*?'? if mwa w . UUVLJ.4UU J1LU UUU twain wore novor separated for a. singlo dayj and when ho died sho rdtainod an idolatrous affection for his memory. . ; ? ..'A church in Ohioago has a steoplo on whioh arolights ar-j placed. ? Tho lamps aro 226ft. above tho lovol of tho streot, and produce an oxcollont offoot, . . v A coalfield, comprising an area of about 4^,00,0 aoi'os, is boing1 exploited in Capo Colony. It is calculated that ono soam will yiold 180,000,000 tons of coals of saloablo quality, . In a rooont Paris duel tho swords of the combatants wo oarofully sterilised by passing thorn through a spirit flamo, and this not only boforo the. duel but when the point of ono happonod to touch tho ground. ?' An Albany woman wants a separation from her husband bopauBo, sho claims, tho ghost of hie i first wifo disputos mastery of tho houso «?A. W1-h hor» inasmuch as it is oontiriually flitting about tho plaob, . Sir Henry Oampboll-Bannorman's tompora mont is by no moans an ordinary ono. Ono of lur opponents desoribod him as ' a sand bag,^ justaa Mr. W. H. Smith was spoken of as 'a foathor-bod,' Tho two mon Wo indeed many points of similarity. Both, sprang from tho ranks of oommoroo, and both nihoritod with oonsidorablo woalth tho plaoid uy of tho suocossful bourgooia. ? Moohanism lias boon installed in ono of tho stooplos of.St. Pafcriok's Oathodral, of Now ?xorfc ,Oity, ,,for ringinfl tho iohirao .of bolls. Therfi are niueteen 'bulls, which vary in weight from 3001bs. to 7,0001bs. Tho mechanism for striking, says tbe ' Scientific American,' consists of horizontal air cylinders, with : piston-rods attached to central studs projecting , below the centres of the clappers. Tho piston , is only used for a stroke one way, the weight of tho clapper returning it. The bells aro j operated by a keyboard which is in electrical connection with magnets controlling tho valves ' of tho air cylinders. It wns the pathetic note of Mrs. Oliphant's life that, except iu tho case of her nieces, all her self- supprossion and nobleness of effort turned cut useless She never sacrificed her self for a man but ho either turned out a dis- j appointment or he died.-Z-Cornhill. j A music trade paper says that music boxes I for bicycles are now manufactured by a firm in j Hamburg, Germany. The round, box-shaped ' apparatus, which is said to give the sound of a better-class accordion, is attached in front to the lower part of tho handle-bar and con nected by a bevelled gear with the front wheel in such a manner that tho revolution of.this wheel causes tlio music to play. An American manufacturer of machine tools hap introduced a magnetic chuck for use with plnnors, lathes, or grinders. Tho work iu hand does not require to bo bolted, strapped, or otherwise fastened down. A nowspaper published at Kansas City states 'that an order has been given for 500,000,000 feet of Southern yellow pine for the construction of the Cape to Cairo railway. Tho timber is^ to bo furnished within two years. It is the largest single order known in the history of the lumber trade. Diamonds and other gems have been dis covered lately in the American Lake region over an area 600 miles long by 200 wide. Nearly all the diamonds are from the glacial drift. They vary in size from £ to 21 carats, .and in colour from white to green and yellow. Several are very fine. Dr. Van Buchell was so fond of his wife that after her death he had her body em balmed and kept in a glass case in his bed room. He finally wantod to marry again, but the. lady to whom he proposed made a Bpecial condition before acceptance that wifo No. 1 should go. Sho went to the nearest churchyard. , ' ? ' The Wyoming scientific expedition have discovered tho remains of 20 extinct monsters. In two days they unearthed three tons of bones, a great feat when we consider tho scientific value of tl'o bones. There are no purifying agents for the blood like pure air and pure water. Cinnamon is a disinfectant equal Ein pro-, perties to permanganate of potash. . Aneroid barometers aro not so . reliable aB those in which a liquid is employed. Rontgen rays are now used to examine con Bcripts. Somo of these pretend to have ail ments, but tho rays help to unmask tho pre tonsion, A soldier who said he was bitten in tho finger by a horso was recently found by the rays to have inserted noodles in tho finger in order to bo relieved from irksome duties. It is rumoured that either , Seattle or San Francisco will, within the next fow years, be mado tho .terminus of a now Trans-Pacific steamship Hue to connect with the Trans Siberiau railroad. At tho ond of tho fifteenth century loss than 4',000,000 peoplo spoko the Englisk language. Now it is spoken by 116,000,000. Criminals in BuonoB Ayros who aro sentenced to long terms of .penal servitude are frequently released on parole for certain hours each day so that their private buBinoss may not suffer. Tho peacock throne of Shah Jehan was valued at.iGG.OOO.OOO, his crown at £2,400,000. and when ho died £30,000,000 of gems were found in his treasury. Tho cairngorm, or smoky quartz, takes its name from a town in Scotland, near which it was first found. It ,.was found in great abundance iu tho United States. Tho diamond is bolioved to bo of recent geological formation, and' a microscopic examination often discloses in its substance minuto plants and vegetable fibres. The groat South African diamond found in Kimborloy mines in 1886 woighod 457 carats rough. According to tho ordinary rules of valuation, its worth is £800,000. 