SCIENCE AND INVENTION. A well-known ornithologist, Dr. A. C. Stark, was killed by a Boer shell at Lady smith. He was well known in connection with the birds of South Africa, and Hail just, completed for the pro**? the first vol ume of u work on this subject. A company has just been formed in Jv.jg 1-and for the manufacture of artificial i»i k or lustre —volluloise. Cotton or wood pulp in treated with nitric acid and pyroxyleno. of which guncotton is one form, is pro duced- This is then dissolved, becoming collodion. The liquid is conveyed to Inc spinning machine in pipes. The pipes are provided with numerous fine glass nozzles, each of which is called a silkworm, and through these nozzles the collodion is fur ed by a pressure of about 40 atmospheres. A.* soon as (lie collodion comes in eon tact with the atmosphere, it solidifies. The thr.-ad is picked up by a workman, and led on to a bobbin, on which it is wound. The artificial silk thus formed is highly mflim m.ablo, and, of course, quite unfit for w civ ing into garments, so it is ro-converted into cellulose. The ultimate result then is, m effect, cotton of great fineness, and with a staple of indefinite length. The English factory will turn out 70001b of artificial silk per week. While wo complain here of temper it ires of 107 deg. in the shade, we seem muost cold in comparison with some of the tem poratmes registered in other parts of the world. The record for a spoil of It* at is fiom fSoulh-W cstern IVrsia, where the ihennomeUr has registered over 100 deg. for 40 days and nights without once falling below it. The absolute b.ghost authentic record is 127 deg., from Algeria, and tem peratures up to 128 deg. have, been regis tered in various places in India, Australia, and oilier places While I be Italians oc cupied Mn>s<nv«h they say that one .light the thermometer stood at* 122 deg. Some few places have an aurage temp mature for a month of the y» ar of 05 deg,, for ex mnple, part of (he Noi l hern Territory in December. in Victoria only about half a dozen days in the whole 40 years of the re cords have had a mean temperature of over 00 dog. The other extreme of teni]K?rahirc is reached at Verkhoyansk, in Siberia, whore 90 deg. below zero lias been recor ded. It is usually held that ants are incapable of hearing sounds within a range, at; :*n\ rate, of tlio.se perceived by the human ear. Hound, of course, is propagated through space by vibrations of the air. When re gularly produced vibrations reach a certain number per second we can detect a sound ami ns the vibrations increase in frequency the pitch rises till a point is reached be yond which we can hem* nothing, but there is no reason to suppose for a moment 4 cat such animals as insects are incapable of ■In fecting as sounds the result of vibrato/is which are too frequent for us to detect. Mr. Weld, of the Iowa University, has been devoting some time to the study of the question, and he finds that some species of ants are affected by noises which we can detect. Certain shrill sounds were pio duccd near a colony of ants which were pio froeted imler glass, with the result that they immediately gave evidence of rlu’iu. Whether they perceived the sounds as sounds, or in some other way. say as a miniature earthquake, is nut* howe/er, clear, so that we have another simple ques tion which is easy to ask, but bard to aa fewer. The United Slates Weather Bureau lias issued a bulletin showing the probable state of the sky along the path of total eclipse of the sun on May Z8, 1900, so far ns relates to the United .States, The track of totality begins on the I ncilic Ocean just west of Mexico at sunrise, and leaves the United States near Norfolk. Virginia and Cape Henry. It then crosses the Atlantic Ocean and touches Europe at Coimbra, Por tugal, takes in Algiers and Africa, and terminates near the northern end ef the lied Sea at sunset . In a paper recently communicated to Hie lloyal Society by Dr. Russell, if was an nounced that pictures drawn upon metals or upon certain other substances can he repro duced upon a photographic plate in the ab sence of light, and without placing the pho tographic plate in contact with the surface of the picture to be reproduced. ,U was also shown that the action upon the photo graphic plate was not prevented by the in terposition of a screen of celluloid, tracing paper, or certain other substances between the picture ami the plate , but that a screen of glass, on the other hand did prevent the reproduction of the picture. Dr. Russell states that hydrogen peroxide is the active agent in reproducing the pictures upon the plates. The metals which act mod strongly on a photographic plate are those which de compose water most readily. The terpenes. which by oxidation yield hydrogen peroxide, are practically the only organic compounds which act upon photographic plates in this manner. Wc sometimes say it is a fortunate thing j for the community that nobody is able to influence the weather. Dry days and wet days have to bo taken os they come. But < science promises to lift ns out of this help less condition. Meteoro’ogists have dis covered that however dry the atmosphere oit the face of the earth, there arc moist streams flowing somewhere overhead. Stripping the proposal of all its meteorological techni calities —why should we nor tap these streams? The Rev, John M. Bacon has an interesting paper on the subject in the Cornhill. Ho says:—“The agent in these times that is universally looked to as capable of fulfilling oiu ardent ambitions, if not our •wildest hopes, is. of course, electricity, in some form already known or yet to be dis covered. and already wc have been in wire less electrical communication with the clouds. It needs now hut a small exercise of our imagination to picture how —say by high flying kites or other aerostatic appara tus—an electric conne d ion could possibly be established at pleasure at any point be tween earth and heaven that might gather a local thunderstorm, and bring a full inch of rain on In a thirstv hillside or over burnt nn pastures. Nothing could he nicer in a d rough I v season. But does M r . Bacon know anything about drought conditions in Australia? Are there such celestial streams in skies where the heavens arc as brasf ? Eggs should he kept in * cool place, and whisked in a cool place. 