? OUR SUNBEAM BOOKSHELF. "A good book and a loving friend Are sunbeams ever until life's end." SHELF II. "THJSEE GIRLS IN A FLAT," by Ethel F. lleddie. Only lately I said that bright, simple, "homey"' stories were scarce—well, I have found one. Not what you would call a clever book, if by cleverness you mean the brilliant conversations and startling epigrams to which some writers have accustomed us, but all the more charming for their absence to me. "Just a bright little story," some one said when asked to describe it, and a bright little story it is—so bright that I regard it as a real treasure-trove, and hasten to share my find with you. There is sadness, and anxiety too, in the story, but so bravely faced that the impressiou of brightness remains. Three cousins, left unprovided for by a Bank failure and the death of the uncle they have lived with, receive a letter from Lady Mainwaring. Her sister, who has been ordered abroad, offers to lend them her flat in London, and Lady Mainwaring herself offers Mabel the pttst of Secretary for a few hours every day. "Every one moves up to London in time, they say," Lil said, "and I'd have a much better chance of geCting into the magazines." (Lil wrote.) "'Somebody must cook and redd up," Janet observed practically. "Our lordly income does not permit of a servant. I shall cook and do the redding, while you and Mabel carve your fortunes. I' jfiink the plan a capital one. London is just the field for us. We can be poor there, and nobody be the wiser. Here they would—pity us." So it was decided, anld to London they went, the minister's wife giving-Mabel and Lil some good old lace, and Janet "Mrs. Beeton's cookery book" as a farewell gift. Janet, quite in her element, made the little flat cosy by dint of taste, ingenuity, enamel, and draperies, and kept everything spotlessly clean and neat. Lil wrote hard without making very much, the' novelettes* she wrote for demanding much sensation, and giving miserably small pay. Mabel, to her own idea the most ornamental and certainly the least useful of the three, did little when her work for Lady Mainwaring was over, and presently married Sir Algernon Mainwaring^ and almost dropped ber cousins, till (towards the end cf the book Lil wrote a successful book and became famous. But before that the little flat saw many changes. There was the happy settling in, and hopeful start, the friendship of witty lit'tle Miss Trip on the lower floor. Well connected, poor, proud, and utterly unselfish, her whole life given to visiting the poor and sick, her one extravagance foreign missions, and her only touch of worldliness a hopeless desire that her sleeves should keep in touch with the lasliion of the day. Her warm ready sympathy did much to keep Lil from growing hard and bitter when the handsome young lover, who had gone away to make his fortune -in America, and send for Lil, wrote to say that he was encaged to his employer's daughter. Without asking questions the dear little woman told Lil her own. long ago love story, which-had ended much in the same wav. "Oh Miss Trip! My dear Miss Trip! and now—even now—you have never forgotten," said Lil. "My dear, I would not be without that experience. It led me to God. No human hand—not even a mother's—can touch or help you in times like these. But if you cry to God, little by little, bit by bit, the pain goes, and in its place comes a -peace und a trait you never knew before. You are like a child '.taken up in your father's arms and held close." Another saying of Miss Trip's T must quote: — "Poverty is a great link to join people. I really sometimes feel as if I could not thoroughly understand rich ladies, nor they me. There is a great gulf between us. I think that is.what is meamt by 'the rich man and the needle's eye. Unless one ha* Miffered onese 1 !, it is difficult to bs sympathetic with others. I think, perhaps, that is whv very happy, rich people are apt to be a little selfish. And that explains whv God gives ns suffering, perhaps. It is so that we may be able to help others with our sympathy. And although we weep with those who weep, 'ire cam rejoice with the hnnpy also." To Teturn to the girls and the flat. Lil wrote on:—"Tf I c-ould think of a new sensation," she used to say to Jamet, desperately, "or a new Irtigedy! I have used the fire' and the shipwrecks, and the Gretna Green marriages, and the elopments, and the secret panels, and tOie dungeons, and the ghosts* What is there left, Janet, under the sun?" But beside the sensationall stories slie worked at a -novel, a simple natural study of Scotch life, into which she nut her very beat work, till at last it was finished— and then the precious MS. was "lost" by tbe unscrupulous Ivrlitor of iu:- "Weekly Joy," who soon after disappeared. Then came bard times and illness to the little flat Bind a long weary srtrugarle. The reoovcrv of -the etorv, which -had. been ?=tolen, and its acceptance by a great publishing bouse, and the brichte'ninig o£ the girls' lives, and the good old-fashioned happy ending, I will not spoil by retelliner. You will like Dr. Dnnbar, I am sure. Only one bit more I mu=t quote:—"For poor and struggling people 'have a God-?iven faculty of finding pleasure in simple things w-hiefh the rich and the affluent could never understand. And I think, after all. that their pleasures are vers* mudh sweeter for the cloudy background of t.heir «3TO. There is more compensation in the world than we ape apt to remember." Ellie Wemyss. — I am so pleaded with ymir supigesticms about the Reading Club that I am holding t he letter over till next weelc, when Shelf III. and I wiil hlave somethinp to say on the subject. Pussie.—The MS. arrived safely. I have not yet had time to look it over. Your grammar is improving, and I can see by the alterations you have made thai you are trying to use the right words and to put thlem in their proper places. Go on mak- fng up stories—write them down as youliave time and keep them. In the meantime'try to improve your handwriting— make it plain and easy to read: that is thfl chief thins — and read well-written books, noting the style carefully. Taylor's Gap. June 20. Dear Magpie—I have not read very many books since I last wrote. The first I have read is entitled "A Sopth Australian Ttonmice," by John Blaekett. It tells how a colony was founded and r Methodist Church formed; it contains the early history of these subjects, and proves interestinfr T-eldins. "Kichard Brace" and "M^ilcolm Kirk," by C. M. Sheldon; these are two very good books. "In the Uock Mountains." by W. II. G. 'Kingdor. is a talc of adventure. "Baniet Book of rhotogrraphy"—this has proved very interesting reading. I will now conclude; wishinc; every success to the Bookshelf in this the third vrar'of its existence.—I remain, yours truly, HAROLD WOOD- LANDS. So you, at least, have some solid reading to report—the history of our own province, too. that makes it all the better. I am so glad—go on. Taylor's Gap. :7une 2fl. Dear "Mac-pie—li is a Ions time since I have written to you, hut I have not read manv hooks lately. "Richard Bruce" and "Malcolm" Kirk," by Charles M. Sheldon. I have read, and liked them very mucli. "The Lights of Sydney." bv Lillian Turner." "To Right the Wrong," hv Edna Lyall. is the first I have read by her, and I thought it was a real good book, it is about the life of John Hampden, and there 'are also some other characters in it which I liked, especially Josceylon and his little sister. I thought it was very brave of her to try to release him from prison, not thinking about the punishment she -Vcoild i:et afterwards. I have also read "Stories for Children in Illustration of the Lord's Prayer," by Mrs. Molesworth, and I liked them very much, especially "A Child of the Sunshine."—I remain, yours truly, EDITH O. WOODLANDS. I am pleased to hear from you again, and quite agree with what you say about "To Right the Wrong." You would like "In the Golden Days" by the same writer. I am so sorry your letters have had to be held over so long, but it could not be helped. "Ramsey House," June 23. Dear Magpie—I am sorry to say this is only my second letter to the Bookshelf, not that 1 don't take any interest in it and all the letters, but I don't seem able to write one myself. 1 am reading two books just now; well, one is the serial story in the "Chrisian Age, "Fredorico the Carlist," by C. N. Barbam, it being about the Carlist War of 1S35. FredCTieo is a brave Spaniard, who is compelled to join the army, and is afteru-anfe sent to extort money from Sir. Morleyan, an Engrlish merchant (the family he knows very well), which he finds very hard to do, but air. Money gives him the money, knowing that he would be killed if he returned without it.. Emilv Morley, the daughter, is a true Protestant, and is greatly attached to Rosaura Gonzales. Frederick's sister, tl is very exciLinjr -waiting for the next month's chapter, but I think it does one good to think the story over. Tlte other book is "Vanity Fair," which I have just started. I enjoyed the essays on it very much, so felt I must raid the book. I laTO-jMMi "BandinBis." and liked it very well. Arthur Pendennis was a spoilt, vain boy. Ilis mother thought loo much of hiin to please me, yet she was a good woman, so was Laura Bell. The following books I have read lately:—"Uncle Tom's Cabin," "Adam Bedc," and "Paul Falter, Surgeon." I didn't know what I had missed by not reading "Uncle Tom's Cabin" sooner; it is a wonderful book, hut to think thai most of it was real. Oh! tliat dreadful slavery. Poor Uncle Tom, how he suffered from time to time; still he was. making the burden lighter for every one else. Dear little Eva; how she loved him, and everybody, too! It was very sad about her death, and her father's, too. Many a laugh I had over Top6y, when she would be so "wicked," as she would call it; though what an influence of good Eva had Over her. "Adam Bede" was a splendid book. I admired the two brothers very much; also good, kind Dinah. I lite "The Mill on the Floss" better, though. Maggie was a very %trong character; very different from her cousin, Lucy Deane. It is very amusing hearing all her aunts talking. Mrs. Deane was not so nice as her sisters. "Paul Faber, Surgeon," by G. Macdonald, I liked very well. Thomas Wiugiold, the curate, and his wife Helen were my favourite characters. I liked reading about the kind little dwarf, David the Gnome, and his dear little nieee, Ruth. I liave. also read the "Elect Lady" by the same writer. I am getting a. book which I have wanted for a good while, "The Scottish Chief," by Jane Porter, so will tell you about it nest time" 1 often wish I could get hold of some biographies which you mention. I am longing to read some. Will the "Life of C. Dickens," by A. W\ Ward, be a good book? Or could you please tell me a better writer of his life. Hoping that letter is not too long, I remain, with best wishes from J ANTE KELLY. You have been taking a rfgular course of the works of famous authors — Thackeray, George Eliot, and George Macdonald — 1 cannot blame you at.any rate for reading trash. The biography you mention is short and good, but a still better one has been written by Dickens's own daughter. Thank vou for tie all-to myself bit. I hope you will join the Reading Club. We will try to get over the difficulty about books by choosing subjects, and your Institute must just get some general literature—no properly constituted Institute should be without. July 4. Dear Magpie—I have quite a number of books to, tell you of this time, which are as follows;— "'Donovan," bv Edna Lyall; "In the Roar of the Sea." by S. Baring-GD-uld; "Fields of Fair Renown," bv Joseph Hocking; " Loch invar." by S. n. Crockeit; "Dred," by H. Beecher Stowe; and "Beatrice Melton's Discipline," by Maud Jean Frana I liked them all very much, but particularly "Donovan" and "la the Roar of the Sea." Mv favourite characters in "Donovan" are Donovan. Dot, the Tremain family, the Osmonds, and Adela Farrajit, while Ellis Farrant and Stephen Causton are despicable. Mrs. Farrant is too selfish and easily led to be liked. No wonder Donovan felt hitter towards her at times. What a sweet patient little girl Dot is, and the way Donovan leved her and tended her was pathetic. The saddest part in the whole book is Dot's deathbed. Poor Donpyan, how lonely he was, and, being an Atheist, made him more bitter towards God and bis fellow creatures. My favourite chapters are the eleventh and twelfth ones, because they are so sad. I did not care for the Frewins, but stakes was such a comical bird; his speeches seem to correspond with tlie thoughts of him who he addressed. What a dear, faithful, little dog Walt was; so affectionate and intelligent. I was disap- pointed at Ellis Farrant dying before the world knew oi his unjust act towards Donovan; even thai would lave been less than he deserved. I liked Gladvs Tremain, and was glad she did not lose faith in Donovan. "In the Roar of the Sea" is the first book I have read by S. Baring Gould. I liked it immensely, and, be'ing a Cornish tale, I liked it still more. I would like to read "Old English Fairy Tales," by the same author. Judith was an exc«diugly strong character. So brave and selfsacrificing. She was far more suited to .Oliver Menaida than to Captain Coppinger. What a lot she sacrificed for poor lialf- witted Jamie; it is a pitv lie never appreciated lier unselfishness- I liked Coppinger, and yet I didn't. I think it is his love an5 gentleness towards Judith that makes one like him. What an eternity it must have been when he was rescuing Judith on the cliff ledge; it seemed an impossibility. What a daring smuggler he is, and so cunning. I hate Aunt Dunes, the Scantlebrays, and that pious Mr. Mules. Indeed, the majority of the characters arc horrid. My favourite scene is where Othello Cottage is on fire. Have you read "Mehalali," by S. Baring-Gould? If so will you give me your opinion of it. I have not read it, but I have seen some good criticisms on it. "Fields of Fair Renown" gives a. good account of the struggles and trials a young man of literary aspirations lias to overcome in order to be famous. Merlin Uosevear was determined to overcome them, and lie did. I was bitterly disappointed in both Med'.in and Helen, but it is no wonder Helen gave him up after his treatment of her- It was shameful of Merlin. My favourite characters are Ilek-n Granville, Merlin, and Vivian Gregory. I don't know what to make of Merlin's wife. The impressible Mrs. Blindy was awful at times, alwavs harping on the subject of her "litery hiunbishuns", and havin' beiii' brought hup a liay, although she 'ad bin brought down in the world rinee 'Arrv took to slummin' for the Aurmv." What a production the "Hook's Revenge" must have been. What, dees slumming mean? Is it proving'; "Dred" is a sad book, similar to "Uncle Tom's Cabin." I liked Nina Gordon and FJdwald Clayton -very much. What a brute Tom Gcrdon is. He deserves shooting. Nina's death is very sad. What an anxious time it musC have been for the fugitives in the swamp. What a dear old fellow Tiff is, and how devoted he is to the children left in liis charge. I liked Beatrice Melton's discipline very well, but I do not care as much tor that author's books as I used to. 1 must now stop, hoping this letter isn't too long. Witli best wishes for the Bookshelf from "EN- THUSIASTIC READER." I have read some of Baring Gould's books, but not "ilihala." He writes strongly and well, but. as you say ol the book you mention, "the majority of the " characters are horrid," and from what I have heard this is specially true of "Mihala."' You ask me to recommend some books—do you mean fact or fiction? Solid reading first. You say you have a good library, so surely you could get a standard book like Mrs. Gaskell's "Life of Charlotte Bronte." for from vour liking for books with strong rugged characters in them, iti should be just what vou would en.ioy. The "Life and Letters of Charles Kingsley" by his wife vou should also be able to get, and I think you cannot help liking the story of the life ami work and . thoughts of such a man. Then, surely, you have travels? Find out what these are, and I will tell you which you will find most readable. Have you read anv of Anne Thackeray Ritchie's writings? In her "Chapters from Some Memoirs" you will find delightful peeps of Thackeray—the real Thackeray, as his children knew him. "Toilers and Spinsters" is a good book. too. Turning to fiction, try "North an d South." by Mrs. Gaskell, atid "Kith and Kin," and the "First Violin," by Jessie Fothergill. Dear Magpie—Will you allow me to join your "Bookshelf?" I would.like to very ninch, if you think I can write well enough. The essays on Dickens's works wore very interesting-. I am very fond of his books; but they are much too long for novels. Some of your Bookshelfites are very fond of Mrs. Woods's books. 1 have read one, and I do not think much of it. There are too many poor humble slaves of workmen and arrogant "gentlemen" in it. One of my favourite books is "The Shadow of the Sword." It is all very improbable; but it is a splendid indictment against Napoleon. "Transformed," by Florence Montgomery, is a very nice book. Did you ever read it? Do you care for Hall Caine's books? I think they are wonderful writings. "The Scapegoat" is Tny favourite. What horrible tyranny there must be in Morocco. "The Bondman" is another fine book, though its plot is much too complicated to be true. I have read a irocd many novels of Erckmann-Chatrian's. I like -'The Conscript"' and "Waterloo" the best, for the battles are splendidly described. "Daniel Rock" is a nice tale too. although it has a very remarkable ending. I like reading books on science very much. I read a bonk entitled "More Worlds Than One," by Sir David Brews! er. a little time ago. It is a very eloouervt f.nd convincing book, but it has some very antiquated ideas. Baldwin's "Prehistoric Nations"' and "The Testimony of the Rocks" I have just read. 'Prehistoric Nations'* was published about forty years ago, arei effectively proves what a Frenchman lis« ju^t discovered—that the Egypa great nation once lived in Arabia. I see one oi your Bookshelfites wishes to find I-see one of your Rookshelfites wishes to find Longfellow's "Ships that Pass in the Night." There is no poem of that name, but the lines arc in the third part of "Tales of a Wayside Inn;" the "Theologian's Tale. Hoping this will not go in the w p basket, I am yours sincerely, SCIOLIST. You must have thought that vour letter had found the resting-place you feared— but .vou see it has not. Yes, you may join the Bookshelf—but understand that the Librarian is to be treated with due awe and respect. What shall I say about the alHomyself bit? Never mind, I declined to be alarmed even at the name you have chosen, and your announcement that you write plays and poetry. Irdeed, the plav (&at; consisted solely of stage directions strikes nie as a brilliant idea—if your poems could consist of titles only I might even dare to read some. 1 hank you very much for finding the passage about 'Ships that Pass in the Night." Write again. Adelaide, July 24. My Dear Magpie—I perused with great interest your letter of last week. 1 think the idea of a "Reading Club" a capital one. I have not much time at m.v disposal at present (like vour correspondent "Ethel," I plead "Stainer's Harmony"), else' I would write more about the club. For the present I must be content to tell you what my reading has been of late. First, however, 1 must tell you how sorry I was that my essav exceeded the specified number of words. I was in tlie country at the time and was unabie to procure the issue in which the competition was announced. So 1 hope you forgive me. 1 liave read "No. 5, John-street," by Whiteing, a book which caused rather a stir in the literary world, axil I did not care for it. It savours rather of George Gissing's "Nether World." 1 also read "Southey" in the "English Men of Letters Series," and to me it proved a real treat. Southey's must have been a beautiful cliaracter, also his friend Coleridge's. I read "Tlie Private Life of the Queen" with no particular interest at commencement, bur it deepened as I went on. "The New Reclor," by Wayman. was rather weak as compared with his other works. Justin McCarthy's "Comet of a Season" was interesting, but rather peculiar. "Nulma." by Mrs. Campbell Praed, I liked very mueli. 1 xiunk she portrays colonials admirably. I intend to make the acaoaintance of t more of her books. By-the-bye, I liave always meant to ask you what Australian writer you con- ,?ider tte best for prose? Is it too large a oucstion' I have been rereading Matthew -Arnold's poems-alwTvs a delight to me. I npose ;.ou are quite familiar with them, although I do any of the Bookshelfites mention them I do not know any other poem to be compared to liis Sick King at Bokhara." It is so heartrending that I art where the Vizier tells him that there^ so mud sadness in the world, much this o'er which his heart is break- in^, I thought so touching, and those last two lines "And say he was not wholly vile,^ Because a ting has buried him- -'Sobrab and Rustam" is equally beautiful. Some dav I intend to get his poems so that I may keep them beside me, thev contain such beautiful ana soothing thoughts. My reading of the magazines has been very extensive of late, so that I hate not had much Jime for heavier reading.' I very' partial to the American magazines. Tney contain so much that is bright and interesting. "Seribnor's," "Pall Mall," "The Century." and "Harper's" (which I was sorry to see had failed after so many years of good work) always contain a quantity of very readable matter. What do you think of "The Absent-minded Beggar?" I don't think it comes nearly up to some of Kipling's. "Follow Me 'Ome" I liked much better; also "On the Road to Mandalay," and "L'Em-oL" Do you know them? I intend in the future to keep a list of the books I read. F am at present engaged with "Confessions of an Opium-Eater," by De Quincey. If it is not too much trouble, could-you tell me when the next competition takes place, and what it is {I presume there has been bne announced for us}, aud do I belong to Shelf 2 or St I am 13.— With apologies for trouble I am giving you, I am yours sincerely, DICKENSONIOIT. Hie Shelves rim:—Shelf I under 15; • Shelf n., 15 to 21; Shelf In, over 21; so you belong to Shelf II. Yon would see •the subjects for competition in last week's paper. The number of words for Shelf II. is 500. Yes; I have read Matthew Arnold. One of my faviouiite bits is:— We cannot kindle when we will The fire which in the heart resides; The spirit bloweth and is still. In mystery our soul abides; But tasks in hours of insight -willed Can be through hours of gloom fulfilled. And . the next verse is even better. Can you find it? Are you eure about "Harper's Magazine?" I shall look out for your essav. Laura, July 27. Dear Magpie—My name is LIcraibel, but Fm generally known as BcL I took your advice and read Scott's -"Kenilworth." which was interesting, but so sad. Ethel Turner's "Miss Bobbie" I found much more interesting. Wasn't it amusing where Suds' fowl discovered Bobbie under the trees, and so was called Detective Bobbie? Boldrcrrood's "A Modern Buccaneer" is very exciting, and describes the islanders verv well, and also ends up happily. The second series, "Deeds that Won the Empire, is lovely, and makes you feel even more patriotic. Do you know how many books there are? This one deals onlv with the very early part of the present century. With best wiaies, X remain, yours sincerely, BEL SU5JMAK. I aim glad to 'hear from you again. Ko; I do not know about that series—can any one tell me about "Deeds that"Won the Empire?" As ycru liked "Kenihwrth ' why not trv some more of Sootts's—say, Guy Mamtering?" ^ ^ MAGPIE. 