ST. JOHS 'S CHURCH. CEREAONY OF GOHSEWATIOH. Lately the guardiarn of St John's Church, ai?rnsdale, had tho pleasure of convering to the congregation, through the annual financial statement, the pleasing informaztion that the church and school buildings were entirely free of debt. The church, which was opened in 18S, cost £1930. The Rev. W. G. IIindlcyv wýsa toe then Sincumbent, and Bishop _ioorhouse per formed the ceremony of dedication. Since then fully an additional £100 has been spent on the edifice, making the total cost to date £2030. The school building waa erected a little later, and the out!la on it was £32i3. loth buildings Iave L een splendidly preserved, never having been allowed to get into diarepair for want of atten tion at the proper time, and were never in better order than just now, each having only recently undergone a thorough renovation internally and externally. It was decided, in accordance with ecclesiastical custom,, that, being out of debt, the church should be conse crated. This ceremony was performed by His Jordship the Bishop of 31el bourne, Dr. Goe, last Sunday forenoon in the presence of a large congregation, which included a sprinkling of members of other denominations. Headed by the vicar, the Res. E. G. Veal, in full canonicals, the follow ing officrs of the church marched from the chancel down the aisle to the door:-3-r J. Bull, acting registrar; Mr J. Tipping, hon. secretary; Mr S. A- Bush, hon. treasurer: Mesrs C. C. Greene and J. D. Smith, trustees; Messrs Jas. Jackson, R. H. Foard, L. R. Sandford, S. S. Williams and W. D. Hocking, guardians; Mesars Ed. Bull, len. Johnson and T. G. Potton, ex-guardians. (Mr J. C. Potter, another member of the board of guardians, was unavoidably ahbsnt.) Meeting the bishop, who also wore full canonicals, at the door, the acting registrar delivered to him the petition to con.ecrate the church. Hin Lord ship ordered the petition to ab re?d, and this having been done, the vicar, the bishop and the church officers, marched up the aisle to the holy table, where the deeds of the church were presented to His lordship, who said: Deadl beovred in the Lord. Foreu mch Ms dievt acd hely tmen, us wrll under ite law as noder the copel, masved either Ty the secret insplratiaon i thi HolyGj' Gct. or by the exprs ccnsnd of God, have od- and ae;, a tad them from a? profpa end comaoa nsos, which codly pouctoe bath a matle4t tendeacy toa fiU mn'a minds with grenter reraeece, fr HMi Glorious Miajety. md tffect thir ? emU with more durotioo aBd hnuillty in HiA "errice, let. u notdobt t H mllt aslo favorbly apprrve oan pzelat purpoe of setting apart in 8nla0mn man=er this p.to0 for the seTral OEic i dcllgion 'worship, and lt. l s ahfuUy aad ereatl s beg bl??rig oa uthis cur tdaking.. " The cogregation here I;celine, the Bishop prceeded : O Eternfa God, miwhty in power, c majesty, incrmpoehseniibe, wh.m thn Ireowv of Ho vens cannot ecat:.ir, 5 Un less the osllaof templte md:? wit, haonds tand who yet blat been reciocs'y pieased to promio Thy erpeeial presence in rhat ever place even two or threo of Thy faith ful setvanRo ehall assemble it Thy nam, to offer up cheir proise and oappyicatien Ento TheC; voucr' e, O Loed. to t, preofent with us, wh o here oClhert c together, with all humrility ad renadi resa of heart, to htidlo thin pl.ee to tho honor of Tphy g:,at ci mc, oeporr.?n. it henceforth ifo o-il ordinlatry-ynd co moon s..e, and dediecatin it C',irely to 'I l?y tervice, for re:-oding Thy Holy 1'eord, feT celebrating Thy HIoly Srormoenlo, f,: oferdao to Thy GIlorious Hr=jncy the arcrifce of prayer and tho:ntgivi?g, for ilessing Thy peoplo in Thy name, and for the pedrcrmanoo of all other Holy Ordi nanoce. Accept, 0 Lord, this oervico at oar hande, and lb!es it wltth such sulces as maony tLed moot to Thy clory, and the salvation of Thy people, through Jesus Christy our blehed Lord and Saniour. O God the Father of lneaven, who has promised in Thy Lioly word that, in overy pLaeo where the rmeembrnoce of Thy name shall be put, Thou wilt come and olesa Thy people, come, we beseech Thee, now unto us. and blte~ us, who do put npon this placio the memorial of Thy name, snd dodilate it to Thy corrice. and to the orehip of thy ererlusti?g Fatherhood in the Lord Je:u Christ. Amon. O God the Son, tedeemtorof the world, who in Thy ministry, here on earth didt senor ad adorn with Thy pre.eonco th cnt. of the Dediatnion of the Tetoplo. Ie present, wo beseechn Thee, at the dedici tion of this temple unto Thee, and eccept and nrotper the work of our leand-. Amen. O God] the Holy Ghcot, prccceding from the Father and the fSo, without whomn no plce or person is onnctified, send down Thy tanctilyin0 power and grace uFon uo ti ohia place, and grant tlhat all who worehip herein maly be mtde living temp!cs, wholly and acceptable unto 'hee. Amen. God the Father, God the Soe, God the Holy Ghost, nccep.t, hallow, and t?ess this place to the end whereunto we reparate it this day. The Lhod with Ira faveor gracio]aly regard our .rork, an.d arsen do"rn upen thi houses Hit spiritual biene d:tion anod gr-c. A:ln. Then all stsndieng up the sentence of consecration was read by the registrar rnd signed by the bishop at:d by him ordered with the petition and other deeds to be duly recorded and regis tered in the discetan registry, after which His ltordship declared the church of St. John, Bairnsdale, to be consecrated and set apart to God for ever. The ordinary sern-ice followed, dur ing wehich hsopcial prmyer nas oftierel for the benef:ctors of the chture:t. The sermon delivered by His LIord ship, "'hichl was an exceptionally short one, was based on Psalmt LXxtw., 1- " How anmiable are Thy tabernacles." His Lordship prefaced his remarks:r by offering his congratulations to the con g7egation on tihe new position in which they now stood, which wouill give them the privilege, when a vacnmey occurred in the incumbency, to appoint three nominators to act with a similar num ber of the diocese under the Pratronago Act. lie alc mentioned that during the incumbenrcy of the iev. EL G. Veal the sumr of £900 had been paid offthe church debt. Another change in the management of the church will be that wardetl and ve-itrmen will take o:cte in lieu of the present toard of guardians, The service was largely choral. The aznthem ra::s "I was Glad." In t:le afte-ncon a confirmation ser vice weas held by the hinhop, when 12 co:municnts npesented themeeelves. The -eicar caodu-cted the service in thoe ev-luin g. 