COMPLETE IN THIS ISSUE. THE HANGING AT WHISKY HOLLOW, BY PEGGY WEBLING. copymoht. YOU don't remember tho lmng- ing a t "Whisky Hollow ? T guess not; it was before your timo. Thut coon reminded me of it," pointing to a negro who had just passed. My host was a thriving Canadian. We were sitting on his veranda ono summer evoniug when lie told mo the wtory|of "Whisky Hollow. ,t It was about thirty years ago," said he. There was a little group of frame houses where our town now stands. The surround ing land, was only oleared in parts; wo hud no railway Indian cquatters still to bo bought off tbe farms ; terribly rough road. Every man carried a guu when he quitted his own plot. " I was working on a farm four miles out at Johnson's Settlement, and between us and the town (suoh as it wus) lay "Whisky Hollow, a valley by the river—dark, deep, aud wild, overgrown with poisoned ivy, ulive with snakes. There were somo half-dozen broken- down log houses where a few niggers lived.. Jim uud Abe Logan alono woro enough to seare. anybody, great powerful looking fellows —pure negroes, terrible drinkers, and' fighters as strong and fteroo us a couple of brutes— and they made Whisky Hollow a shut road for ull of us at Johnson's Settlement. "Now a friend of mine, u youug fellow named Spalding, used to fetch the mails into our town from a station ten mile away. Wo had an awful winter iu '62, continued snow month after month, and one stormy evening in December I drove into town for my bo.s, to get tho mails for Johnson's Settlement, but Spaldiug had not yet arrived, though it wuh past his usual time. We guessed ho was delayed by tho heaviness of the roads. Seven o'clock came, eight, nine — no sign of tbe mails! Just as I wus Hturting for home without them, John Bailey, a youug farmer, burst into the bur of tlio saloon where I was sitting, with u face as wliitu as the snow outside. .' Terrible news!' ho cried. Spalding bus been found murdered just below Muple Creek, and tho mails are stolen V "Wo all sprang up and pressed round Bailey, who was dead beat with hard driving iu tho teeth of a cutting wind. Ho. uud another man hud been in town ten miles away that aftcrqoon and had seen Spulding start. They wero about two hours behind him, and they first suspeotod something wus wrong when they picked up his bear-robe from the side of the road. " Somo instinct prompted them to search. Iu a piece of uncleared ground, about sixty yards uheud. tboy found his sleigh turneil over, and beneath it in tho snow tlio stubbed man. His clothes wero torn us if thcro hud been a scuffle, und thcro wero a couple of wounds in his throat uud breast. Just at this point iu the horrible Morr, Spalding's cousin enmo rushing iu, to say that I ho liorso must havo broken awuj' from the harness, as it had found its way home. " 'Whero huve you left poor Spalding?' 'I asked. ' ' Down at our place, ' said Bailey. ' Say ! Can anybody guess tho worth of tho lost man ongflr " ' Money, Christmas presents— some hundreds of dollars, maybe. What shall we do?' " I had mndo up my inind what I should do. Tho man was lost, tho mails might be saved. Abovo all thcro was justice and rovenge ! " Four of us piled into my sleigh to diive to the plaoo whero tho body was found, uud huut for a clue of tho murderers! Iu u very short timo we were on tho puti with tlfo grout gray sky above us, uuU tho glaring whiteness around and below. " As ill-luck would have it, snow began £ fall rather heavily, all traces of footsteps wero lost, and it seemed an utterly hopeless task. Bailey and the other men jumped out, mid immediately plunged into the uncleared wood, leaving mo to secure my horse ; the snow was above my knees, it was fulling like a great sheet between mound my companions, audi cursed iny folly for wasting time on sueb n fool's errand. "I was chilled to the bone. By the time I bad drown tho sloigh to tho side of tho road tlio threo other fellows wero out of sight, leaving ltio alone ou tbo dcsolato spot where tbo murdered until bud met his fute. I stepped a few pacos into the wood and shouted to Bailey. Too loncsomoness was terrible: I turned back shuddcriug to the road, und 1 was about to sbout again when I saw some thing dark just peeping out ut my feet. Stooping down I quickly shook the looso snow away. A cluo ! It was a coarso, black . woollen scarf, torn nearly iu half; I turned hot all over with oxcitcmeut. Whero lmd I seen it before? Was it round Spalding's week? No, where was it? Whero? I made iny way to tho sleigh, and holding tho thing in both hands examined it closely — yes, I knew ! . It Hashed suddenly through my mind, I had seen Jim Logan, tho nigger, drinking iu Thompson's bar that morning, and I could swear ho had worn a eourso black scurf. -4< In a couple of seconds I had formed my plun of action ; tho men wero out of sight, tho storm thickening, thcro was uo answer to my shoute," and every minute was of valuo. Luckily I had a notebook und pcnoil in iny pooket, and tearing out u leaf, I wrote: 'Follow me to whisky Hollow. Hush ! scored it under and fixed it on tho scat of the sleigh, beneath tlio bear-robo ; then I pulled my cap well over my face, uud beudiug balf- double before tbe storm I set out for Jim Logan 1 " Justyou picture Whisky Hollow onsuoha night as that. It wanted all my courage and strength to find the road ; sometimes ! had to struggle through drifts of snow three feet deep, and by sheer luck I found the Logan's hut. " I. knocked twice without receiving an answer; then I kicked. The door was slowly opened a very little way, and ono of the brothers looked cautiously out. He asked me with an oath what I wanted, so I gently eased the door open and replied : ' For heaven's sake let me come in. I set out to walk to Johnson's Settlement, but I'vo lamed one foot and I'm fairly played out !' and I pushed myself forward before Logan could prcveut me. " Tho room was wretohedly close and dirty ; there was a small black stove, dark discoloured walls, a few broken rocking-chairs, undatable with one lamp on it and a bottlo and glasses. Shaking tho snow off a little, I sank' into a chair and took no notice for a luinuto of Jim Logan, who was muttering curses low und deop, whilo his brother sprawled over tho tabic, with his woolly head on his arm and his great hands spread out in front of him. "Needless to say that I was all on tho alert, und I was certain tbut one or both of tho men had recently been out in ;the storm, because the floor was slippery round the door and there wero little patoncs of ico near the table— tho frozen snow from their boots — and though Abe bad bis coat buttoned to the ohiu, Jim's throat was bare, and I thought of that black scarf in my pocket ! What was I to do ? I jerked my chair forward and commenced to swear at the snowstorm, to keep Jim Logan compauy. " ' Was yer goin' to sit thnr till the trump o' doom?' ho growled, looking at me liko an angry dog. ' Ain't yer rested yet ? "I began to feel terribly uncomfortable; Abo I could have managed in bis drunken condition, but with Jim, twice my weightand strength, I shouldn't liavo the' ghost of a chance ; if once he suspected me, my hopo of escape would be small indeed— and I might be on tlio wrong track after all ! "I could not help feeling a ghastly curiosity as to the knife that had stabbed poor Spaldiug. "Where was it now ? I furtively examined the bony wrists uud coarse fingers of Abo Logan spread out over tbe table. When I did so a sudden discovery made me turn white with fear, and its I am a living man, I was dead euro tbab tho mail bags at least could be tracked to tlio two Logaus ; the full light of the lamp fell ou Abe's fingers, and beneath tho long, ill-shapeu nails I could plainly see-little bits of red sealing-wax 1 " Jim suddenly jumped up, pulled bis can down uud roughly shook his brother by the shoulder ; thou ho turned on me uud said they wero going out. I could stay as loug as I liked. I knew that I must keep them, so I just stopped before the door and naked lor a drink of brandy ; Jim advanced a step, Abe got up stuggoring and bold by tho table to support himself. How I strained my ears for tho sound of Bailey's sloigh bells, but the air was us quiet its death. " Tho next few minutes seemed liko hours us Jim and I wero faco to faco, his eyes clouding over with rising fury; when suddenly far away, faint and uncertain, I caught tlio tiuklo cf bells. Jim Logan heard it too. Catching Abo by the arm ho leapt forward to puh me ou one side. My blood was boiling as his heavy hand came ou my cbcst, his blasphemous lips wore closo to my face, and tho bells were getting nearer and nearer. '1 shouted for nil I was worth, struck Abe down with ono tremendous blow, and tbe next hccoud Jitu and I had closed, and wero rolliug over aiulv over on tho ground. I had the nigger locked iu my arms und I knew it was tt life aud death struggle ; crushed uud overpowered by sheer brute strength us I was I sf ill managed to shout. "Logan's baud vus gaining its freedom, ho fought like a tiger and I knew instinctively that Jio was hunting for his knife. Then with a rush of jangling bells, a loud ausweting shout, tlio door was smashed in and Jim Logan and I wero torn apart!" Tho C'unstuiau stopped short and mopped his forehead, after living again through that exciting night. "Wus it proved against the scontiurels ? Did van lind tho money und tho until bugs ?" '' Tho mail batrs were found with broken seals," he added. "Jim and Abe hud tho money." "And what was the enu of it all ?" " Well, somo weeks after their trial," said the Cutiudian, "our little town was crowded witli niggers. They Hocked iu from far und near to boo the hauging at Whisky Hollow !" 