THE CLEVER CRITICS AND THE I.O.F. TO THE EDITOR OF ' THE AUSTRALASIAN INSURANCOE AND BANKING BECORD. Sm,W-Will you be good enough to accept my sincere thanks for 1\. Your liberality in devoting so much space-nearly three pages-to a criticism (so-called) of our flourishing order. 2\. Your kindness in widely publishing the fact that " The Independent Order of Foresters offers to furnish benefits of a wider and more varied nature than is at tempted by the Australian, American or British life assurance societies" doing business in Australia. 3\. Yourgoodness in giving a list of those benefits, and in specially pointing out how greatl they exceed those of ordinary life societies. 4\. Your fairness in calling particular at tention to the very important and fasinat ing fact that in the case of the I.O.F. only 5 per cent. of premiums is taken for ex penses. 5\. Your magnanimity in admitting that statistics prove that the membership of the I.O.F. is already of vast dimensions ; and 6\. Announcing that the I.O.F. is duly aL giteird..and therefore legally qualified to do business in Australasia. For all these things I am truly grateful unto you. But there is yet something more for which I have to thank you,-your undis guised dislike of, and determined opposi tion to the Independent Order of Foresters. This may seem somewhat strange, but ex perience teaches that the I.O.F. is greatly helped by the injudicious attacks of jour nals representing the old-line companies. They have ever been the best advertisers of the remarkable cheapness of life assur ance a provided by the I.O.F. With, on the one hand, journals like yours crying out that the I.O.F. is giving too much for too little, and, on the other, the fact that the I.O.F. Is continuing gaily in that sourse, yet without meeting any of the troubles forshadowed by you, is it any wonder that the people flock to secure their share in the benefits which the I.O.F. l so cheaply dispensing? Every time a good thing comes up for discussion its vir tuesbecome better known. I shall, there fore, be greatly obliged to you if you will heartily continue your fault-finding on the score of our cheapness. Our balance sheets show how well we can keep it up. All we need is that the opposition shall help us to provide cheap insurance by their cheap advertising. Thepublic, not being fettered by old-school ideas of as surance, can very readily believe in a society which, after twenty years of pay ing claims, can show that it is meeting all payments with the greatest ease, and, in spite of its objections to reserves, cannot help its funds accumulating. My object in replying to your article is twofold: first, that I may provoke your continued opposition, and, second, that the few who may yet be tinged with the old notions may be helped to escape the thraldom. You may, perhaps, want some evidence of the value of your opposition. If so, one instance will, doubtless, satisfy you. That instance.you will find in the Citizens' Life Company. You will remember how you treated that company in its initial stages, when you thought it most needed your assistance, and, of course, you know how you treat it now that its success is so pronounced. How do you feel now when you hold out your hand for the Citizens' cash in payment for your page advertise ment? What change has the Citizens' made it is principles or methods that you can now approve what you once ignored ? And, may I ask,of what has the 1.0.F. been guilty that you now see such grave danger in the institution which a few months ago you were both willing and anxious to have well represented in your advertising pages. Were you really willing to advertise that which you believed to be unsound ? Or, do you consider my refusal to advertise in the Record a sufficient proof of the un soundness of the I.O.F. ? Perhaps you had no ideas at all on the question, but merely allowed someone to fix you up with a few : how say you? These are awkward ques tions, but I think you should try to answer them. The discipline will do you good by showing you the commercial immorality of opening your advertising columns to an institution which, under certain circum stances, you might feel called upon to con demn. I have heard of insurance journals that deliberately run down institutions which decline to purchase their support with cash ostensibly paid for advertise ments, and, though I belive the Record to be above that kind of thing, I am wonder. ing what difference it would have made in your article had I allowed myself to be persuaded to advertise liberally with you. Itis truly awful to think that for a con sideration you might have been able so far to forget your duty to Australasia as to allow the people to go unwarned of the great danger with which you now pretend to believe they are threatened. But what is this danger? Come, let us reason together, and endeavor to get at the bottom of it. But first, let me digress a little to'give you much-needed instruction on the arrangement of articles, and to point out to you a few glaring literary bungles. You have been attempting to teach me my business ; I may surely with out offence attempt to teach you a little of yours. You will notice that you begin your article with a few statements of facts about the I.O.F. These you have divided into two paragraphs, yet, instead of beginning a third paragraph with your own remarks, you very ignorantly tack them on to the aforesaid statements. Even a printer's apprentice should know better than that, though there may be some excuse for this ' tacking on" in the fact that the begin ning of your criticism is too weak to stand alone. You say, " Taking as th6 basis . . . we lind,"&c; Can you tell me why you need take anything at all as a basis to "find" all that you go on to discover ? The time to take your " basis " was after you had discovered all that. Your next bungle is in declaring con dition No. 8 (that the I.O.F. allows no surrender value) to be " a benefit" " that the ordinary whole-life policies of the life aisurance companies already carrying on business here provide," which is a declara tion that these companies " do not pay surrender values under any circumstances." Such a statement may suit tile purposes of your argument, but it lacks the essential element of truth. The ordinary companies that support you so handsomely have a strong claim on you for better treatment than that. In the case of the I.O. F. the benefit consists in the premium of assured not leing loaded to provide for the pay. ment of a surrender value, which is in striking contrast to the system of tlue old line companies, whose premiums " largely exceed those tabulated by the Independent Order of Forresters," because heavily loaded to provide bonuses and a refund on surrender of a policy. Having made so lucid a start, you sct yourself the task of determining whether the premiums of the I.O.F. are sufficient for the provision of benefit No. I ; but, after an interpolated "holb" about that " thorn in your side," our little 5 per cent. lor expenses, you re-state your ques tion, and tis time you parenthetically in troduce benefit No. 5, to which you give much prominence as you proceed. The next supremely clever thing you do is one of which I do not doubt you will be ashamed, when you comprehend the error you perpetrate. About the middle of the sixth column you say, " We aIvo still further assumed that no man withdraws from the society for any reason other than death, and, consequently, we have con oeded the point that no surrender values are paid." Is lot t absolutely necessary, in order q ,oencede thlat point, that you must allow for an average number of lapses? How can you possibly concede that point while you deny ns the profit on a single lapse? Are you not very rash in attempting to criticise a concern so intricate as a Life Assurance Society, see ing that you are capable of such a hope less muddling of the issues? How dare you pose as a leader of financial thought, attempting to warn bankers and other financiers of approaching danger? Were the institutions whose interest you pre tend to conserve, managed by men capable of such ignorance as you display, bank ruptcy would be their legitimate inherit ance. At the top of the seventh column you make a tengle for yourself and ingloriously fall into it by declaring, first, that "the result arrived at by tracing out the pro bable history of a group of lives joining at an individual age is merely a sample of what will take place to a greater or less degree for any other age at entry;" and then that " from a section thus analysed, we can form a perfectly reliable copclusion as to the general result of the operations of the society as a whole." I should, indeed, be very astonished to hear of your having arrived at "a perfectly reliable conclu sion," based upon data only seen by manu facturing a " probable history," and which is claimed to be correct only ' to a greater or less degree." It is painful for me to call attention to your lamentable ignorance of the subjects on which you presume to dilate, but you have brought it upon yourself by your rashness, in attempting to criticise an in stitution whose special features as a frater nal body giving life assurance at cost price, and, therefore, free from the Impelling motive of profit-making common to all ordinary life insurance societies, you have failed to comprehend-an institution which is rapidly spreading its protective wings all over the world-an institution which in the last quarter of last year, wrote more new business than was written by the A.M.P. in the whole year-an institution, whose business for the first half of this year beats that of the corresponding period of last year by over 50 per cent.-an insti tution which has a quarter of a century's experience to set against your absurd the orising-an institution which is making friends all over the world by its easy and prompt payment of claims to the extent of a thousand pounds sterling for every work ing day in the year-an institution officered by an executive whose knowledge of life assurance clearly surpasses that of their critics-an institution which-but you will rightly object thatthis is not argument, for, as I am well aware, proving your ignorance does not necessarily prove the soundness of the I.O.F., any more than my refusal to advertise with you proves its unsoundness. To prove your incompetence as a judge was the simplest way of proving the worth lessness of your criticism ; but, having done that, I must now take advantage of your space to show that the I.O.F. really is what you would fain believe it were not -a thoroughly safe and sound life insur ance society. As is very evident from the whole tenor of your remarks, you rely for support on those "89,865 men aged thirty." Let me show you on what a broken reed you lean. Those ninety thousand men, or thereabouts, have been slain in many a battle royal-like theatrical troops, who, though slain and carried off from one side of the stage, re-appear by the other side a grand make-behlive. When I last saw them buried I innocently thought that even their ghosts had been destroyed, but you amusingly trot them out again, just as if they had never been pulverised and scattered to the four winds-just as if you had never heard of such a thing as "favor able mortality experience," or " special care in the selection of lives," or " profit from lapses." Let me quote for your in struction the summarised experience of the A.M.P. for fifty years, that you may see how admirably it proves the absurdity of that silly theory about every living one of the "" 89,865 men aged thirty " continuing their assurance till aged 70 and over. Instead of 89,865 policies being issued, the A.M.P. in 50 years issued 250,074. Of these 107,546 were "from all causes" ter minated. Thesel107,546 policiesrepresented a total assurance (face value of policies) of £36,379,873. According to your silly theory this sum of £36.379,873, plus bonuses, ought to appear as having been paid as death and maturity claims. In place of this, what do we find ? That the actual payments for death and maturity claims, with bonus additions, amounted to only £9,803,911,-not much more than one fourth of the face value. In view of the heavy bonuses paid by the A.M.P. you will not dare to offend that society by as serting that this represents a persistence greater than, say, one in six. Thus you will see that the difference of £26,575,961 of assurance, vanished otherwise than by claims from death and maturity, was there fore not persistent. In point of fact all that the A.M.P. sets down against this £26,572,961 is the sum of £3,591,347 paid out for surrenders. These facts should be sufficient to convince you of the absurdity of the persistent theory; but I will now show you what is another great source of gain to our society, and indeed " to a greater or less degree "to all life societies the difference between the expected deaths according, to recognised actuarial tables and the actual mortality experience, As the figures of the A.M.P. on this point might be met by you with the objection that favorable 'mortality experience is mainly confined to Australasia, I antici pate that objection by giving you a few figures concerning an office in another part of the world. From the 1891 Repo,'t of the " Clergy Mutual Assurance Society" (England), I extract the following : " MonrTAITT EXPEnENCi.-The mor tnlity experienced among time members during the five years has followed a very favorable course, the actual claims by death being only 70 per cent. of the amount expected according to the Institute of Ac tuaries' Rm. Table, although avory large proportion of the lives at riek were of ad vanced age. A clearer view of the character of the experience will be gained by exam ination of the following comparison of the actial claims with the exmpected claims by the Hm. Table, in groups of ages:- Ass. AcrTrUA Ch.|sM EIrs-"ToD AeCamr. CI,.ss A a DOATH CL I?aD s sr ORsAcUr100 IIs. TAOse ExpscTeo. Usder 2 e500 £2,090 £185 65 to 34 11,472 34,2l5 535 a te 44" 1 ,05312 1,0007 5270 85 & upd. 123,921 110.830 1,070 Uneler 05 £100.057 £305,202 £023 osend over 89o,535 1,1i6,i0o 703 All Ares £1,053,1?2 £1,401,006 £700 ' It is thus seen jthat whereas the amount expected to be paid on death was £1,491,3986, the actual claims only amoun, tedo to £1,053.192, thus showing a diff'.cnce of £428,204 in favor of tihe society. As you may be aware. the expectation of death of selected lives at an ace of 35 years is, according to the Actuaries Tahles. 8.77 per 10!0. Theo following table will serve to show you how lhandasmely within that *expectation is the experience of the I.O.F. whose members average that age: IORTALIrY EXPERIENCE Op THE LAST NINETEEN YEARS OF TIOE ORDERS' IiIeTOIeY: The deatlh~rte which the Order has eeperlenced is esually aosrable, as the eollowing recond oh the last past 15 year. smplyj demonstrstes .- Year Datall, Yrar Dsr'O eeaiato Yrea raet per u o_•_t per 1000 per 1000 103 14.78 1500 5.18 10807 e .6 1880 7,70 1S0S 02R 5 60 1 1 6.30 180 4•85 10?8ls 5.4 1807 5.78 18094 6.47 ![To nE CONTIN?Ua?D 