Cycling Notes. [By Spokes.] St. Patrick's Day arrived as usual -on the 17 toh, and all the boys and -girls—barring them that stayed away —assembled at the Jubilee O val and honored the natal day of their patron •Saint in a becoming and truly Hiber nian fashion. Green predominated. A certain brand of soap was advertised in green. •Green ribbons, green stock -I mean the stock of Emerald was practically inexhaustible. Even some of the bicycle riders were painfully verdant. Only two races were down for -competition, but each of these had been cut up into three heats and a final, making in all eight events. Every contest was worth watching, and the forebodings freely expressed during the week that most of the com petitors would only be out on trial happily proved incorrect. True, some of the competitors rode in an eccentric manner, and Keiszling's several performances stamp him either as a rider with no head or too much of the article. His sprints, did not quite bear the impress of disinterestedness, and on one occasion after an extra effort he seemed pained .to find a stranger on1 Hub wheel. Thati^ glance cost him half a-crown. A Bailey, from the Burra, mounted on a Massey-Harris, doesiipt wear the pleasantest of smiles when he is getting in his best work, but Lis finish in the Mile betokens trouble in the handicap ping loft. Bailey opened out peculiarly towards the finish of the Two-Mile, and his action should require some •explanation. L. T. MerkePs sprint does not im prove with age, and the same can be said about his generalship. He would make a pot of money were he to hire himself out as a pacemaker. He apparently feels that he must occupy first position until the hustle for the shekels takes place, and then the field regretfully leave him. For a change let L. T. ride rearward until half or three-quarters from home and then try the effect of his 3 ft. 6 in. propellers. Another rider who has caused Mr Wildy to bite his finger-tips is Moloney. This gentleman arrived a very fast second to A Bailey in the Mile after a hot mile, said to have been run in 2 min. 5 sec. i Later on in the afternoon the pet of' the crowd, Paddy ' Me-loneybeat Aunger and a crowd of good men in a ding-dong finish for the Two-Mile event. He will no doubt suffer to the. extent of 40 or 50 yards in his handi cap for the Wheel Race, but that will not4 hurt him, i Small rode" well in his heat for the mile, bht subsequently did not ride at all up to recent track fotm. Perhaps an extra week will have the effect of winding him hp. He is oh a very stabstahti&l; mark ih the Wheel Race, and his experience of Saturday should stand him in good stead. Aunger1 does not sit as rigidly as formerly, and his tendency to roll slightly in the saddle must have inter fered With his control of the machine on Saturday* last. At the end of an odd lap Tom Brfiley 1 ■ r r 4 required the assistance of apump. He is not hardened enough yet, and oh Saturday's form cailnot have much say at the forthcoming Wheel Race Meeting. Goodenough is a doubtful quantity. He seems plucky enough, but lacks discretion. As he can ride on his own a trial sprint from his field would not come amiss. As Black confessed to being ill, per haps it were as well to leave matters with regard to 1 his exhibition alone, bubirom one or two flashes with which he favored the crowd, particularly in taking: Aunger. to the field in the Two Miles, l am certain he will be heard of to some purpose during the next two Saturdays, providing, of course, he gets over his indisposition. Maddern did not impress me as being dangerous. The same can be said truthfully of Basset, who has a pronounced wobble, which is not a pleasant spectacle to contemplate when he is in the centre of a bunch of elbow ing riders. That there were no accidents during the progress of the races is due more to luck than good management. The track at times was entirely obscured from view by a crowd of happy young sters, quite oblivious to the fact that they were in considerable danger of losing several of their limbs .through eontact with a bicycle. A scream, a rush, and all was safe again for quite a minute. A round run would best describe the wanderings of the South * Aus tralians on Saturday last. Starting along King William Street the New Parade Ground was soon passed en route to the Botanic Park. Then came a tour through Hackney, East Adelaide, Kensington, Rose Park, Fullarton, Unley, finally fetching up at Goodwood, where Mr and Mrs Pearson regaled the club with after noon tea. It was a pleasant ending to a sociable ramble. It is said that a constable was recently told off to catch scorchers, the locality selected being North Ade laide hill. ' It is very aisy,' said the Sergeant. ' Ye just count the pedal strokes and compare them wid yer watch, and by a reference to the time table thoughtfully provided by a benevolent' Government, ye can tell to an inch the pace he be travelling at.9 Full of his important duty the lfickless bobby departed, dreaming of Commissionerships, &c.; In ah hour's time he returned looking quite tired. He had selected the busiest time of the day, and nine out of ten scorchers sat on free wheels. He lost his time table. 'Leagueite' wants to know if two members of an important committee and the Secretary of the League constitute a quorum ? I think ' Leagueite' must know something, and my advice to him is to ask the. Secretary. / Failing there he might liven up the proceedings at the next Council meeting. The members of the proposed rifle club are restraining their patriotism, the while our sleepy Government enquire in the distant province of Victoria as to the likelihood of suit able secondhand rifles being obtain able for the use of our loyal defence clubs; Though he -is absent, yet Colonel Do wnes' prejudice against rifle clubs still animates the South Australian War Office. The Hon. Sec. for the Childrens' Hospital Sports Meeting to be held on the Adelaide Oval on Saturday, April 21, reports splendid progress. Tickets are going in all directions. A good prograinme is being arranged, chief amoiigst which is a fancy dress and decorated machine competition. For this Mr J. Ashton has .promised a valuable oil painting as a first prize. One of the most prosaic accidents \ that could happen to a rider of Richardson's fame befel that gentle man recently in the West. He had qualified for the West Australian Bushmen's Corps, and was indulging in a little horse exercise when a dog disturbed his mount. »• Richardson rr reached ground rapidly, and broke his arm.;/ Just as White Bros, were reaching Melbourne they succumbed to a bad attack of fish poisoning, both of these hardy riders being completely pro strated. MeKay pushed on, and is now trying to beat Richardson's record. He has lost 18 lb! in weight duringf this: pleasure trip, and in addition looks but a ghost of previous acquaint ance. G. Sutherland has arrived in New Zealand, and will first of all meet Chalmers. Should he be successful Mr Reynolds will then claim his w. r *' .r -|4 -4 v * ■- f attention. The winner proceeds to Paris. By the mail I learn that Jack Green has put in a splendid winter. He* says he never felt . better, ^ and has quite made up his mind to have a finfj fling during the forthcoming Parisian season. The Frenclrpeople are simply going ' crazy over their cycling races. The great, the only Zimmy is being r boomed terrifically, and he is. mentioned as one of the attractions for the coming Exhibition season. We have better men in the colonies, but modesty forbids our advertisings the fact. The Norths' ten-mite road race on Saturday resulted as follows,:— 1 Actual Net. win. sec. nun. sec., , H. Wilson ... 33 7 3-5 33 7 3-5, N. Jackson ... 33 24 1-5 33 24 1-5 J. Hammer ... 37 31 34 I A. Davidson 38 34 36 4 H. Evans ... 42. 26 38 11 J. W. Fox ... 40 24 39 24 Curiously enough fthe first three were the hon. handicappers. Of this fact they have been reminded once o¥ twice since Saturday. * ; t 