EILY'S CONFESSION. CI.APTIiR x[II. It is late in the afternoon before we reach Bramble, Jall. My head aches, thol-dazzle of the sea seems to rest' upon everything I' look at. Either the Macedonian pulled two hard, or the unusual exercise has w)varied" nme: and I am fain to rest fori.the remainder of the day in the seclusion-ofiny Elizabeth an chambelr Mrs: Prynne, iwith ihom I Sin an acknowledged favourite, has carried a cup of tea to me-and, to tell the truth, I am not sorry to enjoy this short seclusion ; t" e stiffness and formality of the family party down-stairs are not to my taste. And this evening I do -not feel in siifficiehtly good spirits myself to combat their depres sing; infinnces. Some occult sympathy, cone strange magueti.c .influence, whili I caiinot now explain, but which I 'sh'all ac count for ensily enough later on, has laid its cold hand on my heart. I can hardly be lieve that I arn that mareless light-headed Eily Desmonde who ony yesterday, or so it seems tome, was the wildest of wild Irish school-girls, as riocklssly gay, as utterly thoughtless for the morrow, as any pro ,verbial Paddy of thein all. . T sit in "my narrow casement window, looking dova into the courty.rd, and dream ily watching the shadows as they creep round from the west. 'CThe sun glints still on the mniny-patned library windows, on the old doortway top- heavy with carved stone ,cutecheons, on the stone carvinu. round the chapel.roof ; but this wing. of the house .is all in shadow. mrom my great old mahog any hanir covered with "f.ded tapestry I can' look out at the still, snnshiny quadrangle or with but a turn of the head study my quaint chamber, of which .I have not yet. grown tired. In one of 'the anrious Wedgwood. vases on the dressiiig-tablo is a bit of gorse I had worn when I came here, and which has been fading there over since; in another a bouquet I gathered in the pleasaunce this r.-.niorning-heliotrope and one white moss rose. .The room is cool and shadowy, with Sits areat carnbrous furniture and polished dark flor. The windows ?r: s 'cilp!. y set that ver'flittle light! con,?. ;t, p.', them at the best. . " I n.b ho?, oi-onnd it .the hosio, 1:', sonrid-t't of door,. buet th??'i': b-cio ty of the biidd. It is too'fi fn to !i-h tihe rive; and mnch tof far away froi: the tea o.vern to hlea iton Sua to yv rihtr, mtch loess".ic stczli a~r eveninug as thi,, whoan can fancy thu ,'.do coming in almost without a whisper over the hot, damp sands. I am fancying it now, the long 1 no of distaug murmetrin breakers, the shallow glassy pools catching the sunset one by one, the far-off line of blue hyaliune faint against the sky. I wonder where the S iecy Kate an'l her - skipper are at this momtent, and whether Judith has told him of my engagement. Will lie be sorry ? In my heart of hearts I do not believe he cares in the smallest degree, though once or twic:e I had thought -but no mnttter . I. lrm going to marry lRous P:e ripotnt Liddel, and Ludlow Gres son's seitinments-or want of sentiment . can neverL tro:ble moe any more. " And yct I wollder where the saucy r little. 'cutter is c-n .this quiiet Juno evening, and remember with a shudder the morning I. had sCoot her runnitg ilnto florseshoe Bay in Sthe teeth o' thli wind.' Atid that "reminds '.mo of George Eden and of the old chief boat snt n's story,r and I luaevel to think h]own qui;ikly Ju.l illi' yonurg sailor forgot hlit. " ie had seemed so fond of lihe,, and- he was such ai boy ! I thought it would have broken his. hcarti if' she had , thrown him over-; but it seems I was mistaken. Boy ailie liooked, lie cuild play fist and loose as cleverly as ourselvcs I But I remember," with .omne resentment, how he used to haunit Judith, anlid evae weary her. a little sometimes, before she began to care for hiim. I.thiuk helhas be bhayed very badly; and I anm very sure that if Jack know all the facts of the lcise, lie would not call ýGeorge Eden ' chum ' .any longer-I rather think ho -would fool in clilinedto thrash hIm iristbnad;,. I wonder what Miss: 1'leming's father wdald say if he knew Udllibout it. I do not think she will tell him-very few.girln anre to tell of the desertion of a lover, especially to thoei male relatives. I suppose. Judith will goiback to London row. She will not care to remain at Scatield Farm to be sneered at by Corll Gresson and perpet ually'rt minded of those few halcyon days by the sight of the abshort and the.o brown rok'e where she and Eden spent;- many .an hour talking'uonsense in the sunshine. . . . _= I -lhall miss her very much, buc not so much now, as I should hare dnqu at tinst. 1 My thoughts are so fully occupied now with I my on'vt atirjs that even poor Judith and her faithless boy vejy seldom recur to tie. But when I bhau. ee the boat mant dragging c that black ohbjct i-to the boat off HIo.: Head a horrible idea had occurred to me Suppose it was George Eden's body Ihey had foun d .t.d were bringing ashore ! I ant sure I dIo not know why the thought 1 flashed into my mind. [ never really sup posed anything of the kind had happened to 1 him. From the moment ,lohnny 1rew had brought up the note in George Eden's hand writinug I never had a doubt but that heIhad gonie up to Loadou. And yet that inert < thing in the water had shocked mon, had t made my head ache. I am sure Mr. Liddel knew how it affected me, though he said nothing about it. He had tried so hard to divert my nitention to other things, all the way back to B,-anhble Hall. But now, while I sit musing in my win dow, I itm not thinking of George Eden. I am thinking hoe happy I ought to be, what a wonderful tunt of fortune's wheel his.krIought me hero, has made me Roeus Pierrepoint Liddel's promised wife. Even yet I can scarcely believe it. 'Leah ing back in my great deop old chair, in my white dressing-gown, with loose frilled sleeves falling back from my arms, dimpled hands.idly clasped in my lap, fair hair fall ing about my shoulders, I feel such a child still that I caunnot help laughing at myself. .Iam not so very young certainly, but I leok very young, and sometimes I feel younger :still, and people haie always treated me very much as a child. Shall I ever be the wife of .Roos Liddel ? A- few lines of my favourite Mtrs Browning coming into. my hbead-- ' Ac) I !otk up and hloika down " A And -hus our married eyta.ctan meet, , Ucl;udd. hIs. and cle.r of frowni, And ,trnvely aweAit ; Aicd yet, O.:. d, Of)wie andth true, I woutld, f r all my fealtry. ' Thae I cr u d bo as nmu 'h th y"n As you to me!' -I am afraid I shall never be as much lo Rons Liddel as he is to 'ne. ` Yet has he not chosen me of his own free will P Hlae lie iot passed by older and handsomer and cleveirer women by lho dozen, and chosen mne out from among them all P Surely he han;'?and be ought to know what ploases him best. And-I have pleased him, and not Lady Cecil Pierreyont, nor another!. - The :thought: carries the old thrill of triumph with it. Ho loves me ! The man of all others that I could love has promised Ito love me-what more do I ask in this :wide world P' Nothing more, I murmur to myself uwith a shiort sigh of stitisfactiou. But the words echo thriough my heart with ta curious persistency, almost as ominous ns the melancholy bourde! of Edgiar Poe's famous raven. Perfectly happy I . Iniglht have known such a state of existence could not last-in this world ! The skadows creep round ; the peacock moves from the sill of one of thelihrary win douw~ and follow the sunshine to apother ; the liglht'luas died off the roof of the chapel. SIt is'time to dress for dinner. / Like one in adream-I think afterwards that Imust have been in a :kind of dream 'at this time--I put on my blue dress and fasten the white moss-rose beside my whito peck, with its soettig 'of danik blue heliotrope and maiden-hair fern. I think I must be just a little selfish, for no thought -of Alice or her lonely life. troubles me. My theory ttow is-that, if one 'began began to feel fotr other pepple's troubles as well as :oue's own, this world would be rather a bad place to live in. We dine -in --the usual antiquated and stately fashion, I sitting opposite Lady Cecil Pierrepont. I wonder if there it anything in the air hereabouts which superinduces taciturnity. Even Lady Cecil and Miss Fleming, who are' niither of them naturally silent, have grown silent since they came here. After dinner La.dy-'Cecil retire.r-fo write some letters. ?:ai after a few minutes' dozn Mirs Liddel L. %ikes Jbrself to her room. Rrhiard is '%muaipig. himself with some forbidden plaything obr the carpet. - ' Play comethitg,' Ile says, glancing up at me. 'Not now,' I ansawol' stifling a yawn. SWklat have you there :Pick, something you ought not to have ? ' " SI-fe ihas taken a curious inlaid chess-board from one of -the tables, and has scattered the men about the carpet. I take up one to exaRine it. It is very large, the figure ofa t night, on horseback, exquisitely carved in ivory. While I hold it in my hand, Mr, LTiddel comes -behind me, looking over my shoulder. ' Old curiosities,' he says smiling. ' I thought you did not care for anything an tique, Eileen ? ' ' Ido not care for antique needlework,' I anrisawer, smiling also-'not even the tapestry of Bramblo Hall.' '-You have never seen our greatest treas. nres in that line I dare say, - Will.you come noewv and look at them ? '-If yon like.' 'IThis way then. This is called the Ktnighbt's Aute-room.' , ". Ho leads the way through a portie. I Shad never beforeuotticed, and we find our selves in a low-pitched rqoem, the walls of vwhichl are lin:a with great panels of tapes tryi representing scenes from the VWars of the lRoses. The colors are still vivid and evet -in the fading light have a superb effoet. There is no furnitui'o in the room, and over-the high carved mantelpiece hangs one:oil painting of a k~night of austere vis age, so like MLr. Liddel- that I can hardly believe it is not his own portrait. '-Who was he ? ' I nak, standing before it. ' An ancestor of mino,' -Mi' Liddel ans weres. :'I am said to- resemble him. Do yon 'msee any likentess ? ' 'I do indeed. It m'ght almost have been pail!?ted for you.' ' Ile was a fine follow,' Mr' Liddelremarks smiling. ' He led.the Cavaliers who rode in theoir shirt.-sleooves to meet death at thi hands of the grim soldiers of the Parliinment. I think it is a pity to let Hugh Liddel moilder into dusit here, don't you? But wlho.cares for old pictures or blue blood iu these degenerate days ? Certainly not that determined radical, Eiloen Desmonde.' 'I beg your pardon,' I exclaim hotly,' I do care; and if you think I like money better than a grand old name, you werte never more mistaken ini yoear life. I hate bratid-new places and people and things quite as much. as you do -quite as much.' 'L amn gla-d to heir it, since most of my a belongings havre fallen into the dust of ages.' le lu hlis a little bitterly. ' lint I have sitnnthing to give you whichl time cannot r spoil-whichh will sp:rklec as brightly is it t doi's now" when ouii niii I ain iii our collins -save the m:r.l. (live me your hand. Did von think I had forgo iuon a girl's fancy for an engagemnt ring ?' 1-Io t rkes a ring from his pocket and puts it on the third tinger of my left hand. ' What a baby hand,' he exclaims. 'The ring is miles too large for you.' I' can put a smaller one over it.' 'It belonged to my great-prandmother, I Dame Dorothy. I believe it has been the engagement ring in our family over. since she brought it into it. But I don't think it was ever on a prettier hand tlan yonra, Eileen-I am sure it was never on a smaller one.' . t 'Alico has prettier hands than mine, but s of course they are not so small,' I saiy, look ing hard at the ring. 1 It is 'a ourious-ono, of-rare and old.' fashioned workmanship-a :hoop 'of rose diamonds, 'with the legend graven inside- i ' Keep Tryst ' '"You are like your consin-your eyes are like hers, and your voice.' 'Why, where did you ever see her?" I ask, looking up with some inuterest now. ' It'would be very strange ifý'I had not seen her, would it not, s'eing'that:'we were brought up within half-a mile of each other.' 'She was very pretty. 'Did 3Jou admire her? ' ' Everybody admired het.' ' And so you didn't ? '-with a laughing glance into his face. . ' Do you think I am so very singular ? ' 'I think you affect to be singular.' ' Then I was not singtular in that instance for I did admire her-very muchk. ' I wonder she never told me she.used to know you. She never mentioned your name.' 'I am not surprised,' Mr Liddel observes a little sharply. ' Why, weren'tyoa friends? ' No, we were not friends.' 'Did you know 'the Gressons--Jurll and Ludlow-when you knew Alice? ' ' Yes-I 'knew the whole family. Ludlow was only a boy then, not much. older than 'Dick." Curll Gressou and I weto about the same age. \- ' I think you said you did not like Curll ? ' I dare say I said it,' he answeirs, ' for 'I certainly did not aid do not like him.' I am silent for a few minutes, turning the ring round and round on my finger. 'Come back into the drawing-room,' Mr. Liddel suggests. ' The atmosphere herte has somewhat of a monldy character, about it. What pranks the :ghosts must play in these old rooms at night ! ' ' Have you ghosts here ? ' I ask, following hlim back through the portiore. 'Certainly we have ghosts ! I woudor you have not been made visibly and orally aware of the fact long ago. You must sleep very sound not to have heard the pat ter'irg of high-heeooled shoes and the rustling of silk sacqucs before this-not to have seen mocking faces looking at you between' the curtains of those grim catafalques of beds. Gwilt firmly believes in the apparition of a lady ini powder and patches, who'walks' the lower regions at night-but why she"should haunt the cellars, unless she were of a most prying.and parsimonious nature 'while liv ing, passes my comprehoension.' Eileen, are you too tired to .sinug something for me ? ' I am not tired. ' What shall I sing ?' I wait for his answer with my hands on the keys of the piano, admiring the effecto of imy rose brilliants. 'The song you .sang last night--do you remember 2?' 'I thought you did not like that isong !?:i ' Then you fail signally in ireading my countenance.'. - 'I have given up trying,' I answer, shak ing my head. .' So much the better. Do n not think of anything but what I say, Eileen-never mind my looks.' I begin to play the accompaniment to my "quaint little song.' He' stands in his old place, listening. 'The twilight gathers in the room. ' Lady Cecil comes in softly and takes her old place in the window; the shadowy figure beside me/neither moves nor utters comment. I feel as if some spell had fallen upon me-as if this dreamy pause were only the precursor of some strange event, some violent com motion, some rude awakening, some sudden tumult that shall break up the quiet reflec tions in my l'eart.and send them in wild wavering circles to its utmost limits, never to be gathered together again. Once be fore.Ifelt this same sensation, this moment amy stillness as if between the ebb and the flow of the tide, this breathless waiting for something shabout to happen though what I know not. How often, in the. passionate ho'urs to come, shall I look back at this twi lit room, hear thenotes of this same song, see the motionless'shadow standing at my elbow, that other h.tlf-defiuod shadow in the window, and wonder that no whispering familiar had warned me out of my fools paradise before it was too late. 