THE FEMALE OOM PAUL OF CHINA. I The Dowager Brmjr'es 6f China, who is saia by some people to.be: ifie e/iitss of the present disturbances; is riot of. Impeiiitl Of treti noble blood. She' avr's. .t-bfc Shilcf...of jjocif piirpfitS; liv ing in the suburbs of Cn'nion; but-,- like the milkmaid of the song, she had a fortune in.her "ace. She became a sort of Chinese Nell "vlwynne. A famous general was attracted by j^rer beauty, and straightway bought her. From jAa gonc-i°I sha pasted to Htien Fong, who, Hire ..rairles IIi, of merry memory, was not for 'Cujaaie in v.itr, but had an .excellent taste where ^-"amalo beauty was eOflSetned.' He had already legitimate wife, but the customs of China enabled him. to place a second wife very near .V on the same level with the first When 7l6;en Uou» died, he. bequeathed the crown to his son Tung Chi, but the regency was divided between the two wives, with a secret power to i'cto to the legitimate spoujs. TlJis lady was of a yielding disposition, and had no taste for (he cares of .State. Hence her rival became the chief .'power in iffe-Empire; and her force of character soon made itself felt. She dismiss ed the Council of Regency appointed under the will of the late Emperor, and inddfi her brother in-law, Prince Kung, Prime Minister. *\one the less, she held the reins of government firm DOWAGER EMPRESS OF CHINA. ly in her own grasp. In proeuss of .time the Emperor Tung Chi reached his majority. Then one fine clay the legitimate widow died, and very shortly afterwards the Emperor also died. Scarcely had the young monarch given lip the ghost than the surviving dowager declared that the child of one of her, sisters, married to the seventh Prince Chun by name, had been adopt ed by her late husband, and she accordingly proclaimed him Emperor. This was the pre sent Emperor, Kwang-su, then a boy four years old. From 1875 to 1889 the Dowager-Empress ruled China with great firmness, and no little wisdom. Then Kwang-su was declared of age, and was publicly endowed with the powers of government. Kwang-su, nevertheless, continu ed under the authority of his masterful aunt, and for ail practical purposes the government remained in her hands. After the disastrous war with Japan, however, Kwang-su seems to have come to the conclusion that China needed wholesale reforms, and under the influence of a certain Kang-Yu-Wei he issued," 011 his own account, a number of edicts, which very much astonished the conservative mandarins. The result was a "coup d'etat," organised by the Dowager-Empress, t-nd which once again placed her at the head of affairs. Since thou the Em peror has been a evpher and a prisoner. 