'WAPPIM OLB STAIRS' . . ? » ? \- IR WALTER BE lUVww' i'''''''^ SANT, who is uW - '?r \\*~^ m never better worth \v\ / -sr^^W reading than when \VV\ I ^. he is discoursing WiW ' '% ot Lona°n locali VAAAJ^^iL ^^ ties- has been YAAaF^S^V ; \ paging his curi vAi^ferT* *^\ ' ? ous and minute \--Jfnr&fiX;^- a t ° p ° B raphical J&dJlAfeF;^ M ^owledge to bear '«^^sA^»^c .k^s -^AF upon the river side suburb of Wapping for the \- benefit of readers of the 'Century Magazine.' Hia .. survey, with its numerous- illus trations^fr- Extends downwatfis to Blackwall, and jcoyers a district in nrhjch few persons perhaps '.would expect to find matter of absorbingff.interest. Yet Wapping has jo. history, and has still remaining many landmarks and re lics of old times...*;;. It has even, as w©;.are here reminded;,- its poetical associations, foE«Bfrb.o does not Iniow^ Chafes Dibdin's popular s*mg: 'Your .Polly has «never been false, shetdeclares, Since the , last rjtime w© parted at Wapping Old Stairs.' So, indeed, the lines are generally quoted; but i there was once a captious curmudgeon who complained that the lady's protestation was equi vocal and evasive, because 'the last time' might for-,aught that appears have been very recent, and tbe guarded limitation has a suspicious air of hinting at an antecedent period, when a trifle or so of unfaithfulness could not ba denied. It may be for this reason that Sir Walter prefers the amended reading: 'Your Polly has never been faithless, she swears, Since last year we parted on Wapping Old Stairs.' But possibly this is the true and original ver sion, in which case our thanks are due to the 'Century's' contributor for restoring a corrupt text. Sir Walter endeavors to recall to us the life of this spot when this historical landing place of our Jack Tars was noisy and full cf life, and Polly herself had plenty of rapartee in reply to the gentle badinage of the young water men. The stairs, it seems, have not vanished, though they are now old and rickety and silent — a boat or two, mostly without anyone in them, lyiug despondently beside the oozy steps, or in the in.uii at. low tide. Adjacent is the locality which still bears the lugubrious name of 'Exe- cution Dock.' It dates back to the time when Wapping was simply a desolate tract of marsh land under that high river bank or wall extend ing away to the Nore, and. even further, of the history of which even the learned can tell us but little. As far back at least as Tudor times it was customary to hang pirates and other male factors, for offences committed on the water, at this d:smal point, leaving their bodies to rot in chains, on gibbets haunted by kites and crows. They wr-re hanged, we are told, at low tide on the foreshore, and were kept hanging till three high tides had flowed over their badies. Apropos of this practice, Sir Walter relates a story which illustrates in a striking way the lawlessness of those times. SAVED FROM THE GALLOWS. Among the may hangings at this doleful spot is one which is more remarkable than the others. It was conducted up to a certain point with tha usual formalities. The prisoner was conveyed to the spot in a cart beside his own coffin, while the ordinary sat beside him and exhorted him. The prisoner also wore the customary white nightcap, and. carried a prayer-book in one hand, while a nosegay was stuck in his bosom. He preserved a stolid indifference to the exhortations. He did not change color when the cart arrived at the head oi the stairs; but it was remembered after ward that he glanced round him quickly as if expecting something. They carried him to the fatal beam, and they hanged him up. Now, if you come to think of it, as the spot had to ba approached by a narrow lane and by a narrow flight of steps, while the gallows stood in ths mud of the foreshore, the number of constables on guard could not have bean many. On thife occa- i sion, no sooner was the man turned off than a boat's company of sailors armed with bludgeons appeared most unexpectedly, rushed upon the con stables, knocked down the hangman, hustled the chaplain, overthrew the sheriff's officers, cut down the man, carried him off, threw him into a boat, and were away in midstream, going down swift ly with the current before the officers understood what was going on. , ; When they picked themselves up they {razed j stupidly at the gallows with the rope still dang ling. Where was the man? He was in the boat. ! and the boat was already a good way down the river, and, by that kind of accident which of ten happened at that time when the arrange ments of the executive were upset there was not a single wherry within sight or within hail. ? Then the ordinary closed his book and pulled his cassock straight, the hangman sadly removed the rope, the constables looked after the vanishing boat, and there was nothing to be done but just to return home again. As for the man, that hang ing was never completed, and those rescuers were never discovered. , It was in the reign of Elizabeth that people ; were first encouraged to settle hereabouts, in erder that, by building houses on or close to,. the river bank or wall, this important barrier against inundations might be strengthened and -, maintained. In 1671, when the church of the j adjacent hamlet of Shadwell was built, this was already a place with a considerable population. Ratcliffe, which is also within the writer's limits, has fewer relics of the past to attract the visitor's attention, but is not wanting in his torical memories. Ratcliffe Highway has not, it is true, gathered agreeable associations, but there are interesting stories to tell about its neighborhood. It had a haunted house, of which we have the following account: j HOW THE GHOST WAS LAID. j There is still another story, the scene of which I is laid at Ratcliffe. The house beside the church ] is now the vicarage. It is a square, solid house, ' built about the end of the seventeenth century. It is remarkable for a dining-room, the walls of i which are painted with Italian landscapes. The story is that there lived here early in the eighteenth century a merchant who rode into London every day, leaving his only daughter behind. He desired to decorate his house with wall-paintings, and engaged a young Italian to stay in the house and to paint all day. Presently he made a not unusual discovery, that the Italian and his daughter had fallen in love with each other. He knew what was due to his position as a City merchant, and, as might have been ex pected, ,he rose with dignity to the occasion. That is to say, he ordered the young man to get out of the house within half-an-hour. The young man obeyed, so far as to mount the stairs to his own room. Here, however, he stopped, and when the angry parent climbed the stairs after the ex piration of the half-hour to know why he was not gone, he found the young lover dead, hanging 1o the canopy of the bed. His ghost was long be lieved to haunt the house, and was only fina'ly laid, after troops of servants-had fled shrieking, when the wife of the vicar sat Tip all night by herself in the haunted chamber, and testified that she had neither seen nor heard anything, and was quite willing to sleep in the room. That dis gusted the ghost, who then went away of his own accord. I wish I could show you one room in the house. It was the old 'powdering-room.' Stories and bits of life relating to Limehouse ? and Blackwall bring to a close this interesting sketch of an almost-forgotten suburb of our vast 1 city. 