CRUMBS. Travers is a fine length bowler. Handlebar a good friend to cyclists. A? ei^"puJ"aging,reporfr from Tarcoola. - 0U|. r "°-vs undeqipire" completely Bold Ike military contingents must travel to fsydney by sea. i he Imperial troops to spend 48 hours in (South Australia. Dr. Verco has sent 100 guineas iu aid of a Maternity Home. Over 5 oz. to the ton-assay- of stone from iarcoola Enterprise. _ St. Jo'kn's Ohurch. Adelaide, 5s celebrat mag its diamond jubilee. . Mf ?. A. Poynton, M.P., President of the Adelaide branch of A.N.A. , The prospects are for an exportable sur plus ol about 200,000 Tons of grain from feouth Australia. j.i Grosser Kufturst is -the largest vessel thalt has come south of the line. She re gisters 13,200 tons. Lord Methuen, in the Western Transvaal, i is capturing live stock and destroying the enemy s grain supplies. A party of 107 Cape mounted riflemen, mostly ratf recruits, have been surrounded and captured near Zastron. A world's record was put up for the . ninth wicket, 234 runs being added, as against 183, winch has stood since 1896 the best. The attack on Vryheid by 1,200 Boers was a daring achievement, but the little garri- ' son beat back the foe, who had 100 mea killed or wounded. ,, Vet.-Surgeon Burns expresses the opinion that breoders in Australia should begin to | pay more attention to the production of the i right stamp of horses for army purposes. | 1 rovided that the payment 13 spread over I 60 years, the Emperor of China is ready to guarantee on the likin dues t'he payment of about £100,000,000 by way of indemnity. It is reported that the Rev. Clhas. Sheldon as now prostrated by an illness brought on as a result of Kis refusal to ride on Sun day?. He walked 26 miles, and readied his hotel so exhausted th'at he had to be car ried to his room. "Tarcoola, is undoubtedly a barren-looking country. The only thing tihat seems to grow is whiskers. Very few trouble about sliav j ing. It can be said, to the credit of Tar coola, that there are very few barefaced people here." \- The burly Boers, who iotalled 4,200, all mounted, testify that the Northumberland i Fusiliers maintained an unequal strues'o with dogged persistency, and that several of them, after exhausting their cartridges, pre ferred death to surrender. Numerous prominent South Australians . will be in Sydney on the Great Day, but many others will remain in this colony; and to arrange for a satisfactory local inaugu ration ot t'he Commonwealth would be a duty nearly as easy as it is obvious. A piece of ordinary gingerbread makes a capital barometer. If the atmosphere is in that condition which threatens rain the gingerbread becomes moist and pliant; whi'e the approach of dry weaither re stores-it to its normal condition. "The only things that seem to trouble me at Tarcoola are the mice and insects at night. I often wish that I had the power that the Apostle John is foolishly reputed to have had-that is, order them outside, and forbid them to come back until I gave them permission-and that would be a long time.' In the day time pageantry might be intro duced in connection with the ceremonial .swearing-in. of Lord Tennyson to be Gover nor of the State of South Australia; at night pyrotechnic displays could readily be provided; and these are only two sugges tions among several which might be and previously have been mentioned. The Sunbeams are to be heartily congra tulated upon the success of this year's ef fort, but they will doubtless find their greatest satisfaction in the knowledge that they have ministered to the enjoyment of several hundreds of poor littla mites of hu manity, who but for them would perhaps have irad a cold and miserable Christmas. London streets are not to be disfigured by overhead wiivs as a result of the new schcme, the conduit system of electric power having been decided on. With regard to fi nancial results, it is estimated that, as com ?? pared with horaa traction, £750,000 a year may be saved in working the cars; while the passengers may, in consequence of quick er travelling, gam £2,250,000 in time annu ally. South Australia ought to celebrate in some worthy spectacular fashion its emer gence from a less important status into t'htit of Statehood. There is no valid rea. son why 'fhis should not be done; there are many substantial arguments in favour of doing it. The event is epoch-making-an occasion the like of which will never re cur in South Australian " history-and it should be treated accordingly. "While I believe that pedantry and sym bolism may be pushed to extremes in the manifestation of patriotism, I feel that now. j at the inauguration of our federal union,' -the cultivation of the Australian spir't should be regarded as the highest ideal c£ our national life, and must never be atte nuated by any survival, of the tendency to distinguish citizens according to the place of their birth or the country of their origin."-Mr. P. McM. Glynn, M.P. The Sultan has followed with great in terest the development of the cinemato graph, and recently he had a small irivatf exhibition. He has now decided to put it to practical use for his own enjoyment and edification. He does not like travelling, yet he is most anxious to see the line ol the Anatolian Railway, so he has commit sioned an expert to make him a cinemato graph representation, regardless of cost, ol various parts of the line, amounting to a total distance of 100 miles. Until recent years dictionaries were com piled somewhat carelessly, words being merely copied from one to another; thus there is a list of actual bogus words that have dictional autnority. An instance of this is the word "phantomnations," given as meaning the gibbering of ghosts, with "Pope as an authority. It is simnlv a case of misprint, Pope having spoken of "the phan tom nations of the dead," and the composi tor having "run the two words together," as printers say. Old issues of Webster and other dictionaries contained this word. Of an absent-minded Scottish Professor a good college story is told. Amongst his students was a young man from the High lands. who ere he left his country home had taken to himself a helpmeet for life. One morning he entered- the college class roon) rather late', and naturally the profes sor asked him the cause of his unwonted ab sence. Bjffhfuty the young man explained to him that that morning his wife had given birth to a son and heir. "Oh! in that case it's all right," said his teacher, giving the usual stereotyped reply-' only see that' it does not happen again." 