Ca r^^'^wd^7^^ ?? iiiiir , *_ ( ( fi \f?. ^ - (By Carl Gordon.) ! T b \ \^S^^y'' WAS nearing Christ _J ?*. mas, and I was ia M ft 1^^ a raiiway carriage' J ? bound on a visit to m 1[M my friena. The trip PI == was rather tedious, W : =rj for I had set out 'id gl ] ^=* the early- morning, I and nipw it was \ C^l slightly past 7 p.m.; S0M yet another hour must elapse before the end ^f my journey would be completed. I grew restless and tired of reading the current j literature, and the seasonable Christmas stories, i many of them ghost stories, impossible absurdi- , ties, describing phantoms tuat swam through thin air. The only tiling I wished was that I might, at some time, come across such a phantom, so that I might try a realistic application of mv stick thereto, which effect, I swear, -would require a deal of embrocation.' I looked forward to meet ing my friend — Jack Hunter — whom I had not seen for some time, though we had been in con Btant communication, and I became interested as guards and porters called out the stations which J had once been so familiar and dear to us both. J One station more, and we should meet. I col- ! lected my traps on the seat beside me, and as the j train slowed down at my destination, thrust my t head through the window to discern my friend ' awaiting me on the platform. Our meeting was very hearty, as befits firm friends on their Christ mas reunion. 11 Two figures tearing along ahead of us.' His home was about two miles away, and he was bustling me into an awaiting trap. 'Hold ? on, old boy,' I exclaimed, 'I guess I've had riding enough for oue day, and if it's the same to you, we'll let the luggage go and step out.' Jack willingly assented, and we were soon on our way with a gocd brisk pace- The walk was lovely after being penned up in a few feet square for a whole day, and I really enjoyed it, iiis tirce seeming to pass ail too quickly, for v,e had m:-ch in common to discuss. 'By the way,' said my companion, as the j steeples of a lonely little church, with its dull | grey tombstones nestling around it, loomed through the dusli, 'I must tell you something ex citing. Lately, there has been a couple of high way robberies, which has made. most people a bit nervous, and when, about a couple rOf Weeks ago, some children ran home screaming:, and with frightened faces, declared that .while they were passing the church at dusk, some white object had been running round and round the church yard, and had even chased them, people began to think of ghosts. It must be 'some. fellow re hearsing for Christmas, I think, for, if you re member, this particular church has been haunted at Christmas for many years back, and though ?we've layed for that ghost, it's always escaped us; however, as the robberies have occurred, I al ways carry this little toy,' and my friend pro duced a very neat specimen of -a six-chambered 'Upraising my stick, I beat in sanely upon its glea ming surface.' revolver. Wei!, as for ghosts, said I, smiling and fingering my stick, which was a good substantial one, I should dearly like to meet with luck In that direction; but as to robbers — I fancy we should prove pretty formidable. By this time the church was close to us, and although my friend bad laughed in speaking of the superstitltion concerning the church, I no ticed withal that he held his revolver firmly, and looked furtively about him. As for myself, quite an erie sensation was creeping over me against my will, for I had a strong presentiment that something unusual- was about to take.plaee, which I ascribed to the effect of my protracted rail journey. Our road lay directly alongside the church, and was divided from it by a low hedge of some prickly plant. We had got nearly opposite the main entrance to the churchyard, when our at tention was arrested by a low droning sound. We listened intently for some time, then, clutching my arm, my companion whispered: 'The Ghost.' My curiosity was fully aroused, and I returned that now was the time to rid the place of. it, if ghost it was. Jack assenting, we crept silently through the gate, crouching down in crossing the gravel walk, and concealed ourselves behind a large tombstone. Each of us by this time, feel ing more nervous, I think, than we felt inclined to own, though we had decided to see the venture through. The night was cool, and a hazy, mys terious light, thrown from a waning moon, dwelt upon everything.'-^ Half lying .and .half kneeling, we kept motionless,- straining every nerve to dis tinguish the sounds which we found' were proceed ing from the far end of , the cemetery, on our right, but could not, at oiir. distance, . make out anything definite; except that,dull, monotonous murmur, all was silent. Slowly, vand with great caution, we crept forward, keeping well behind the stones and small bushes, the souhd^gradually becoming louder and more distinct, then suddenly j stopping for a brief interval. As we advanced, we found the part of the cemetery from which the j sounds proceeded, to be ? in deep shadow from some dense trees and bushes that grew e:umpeu | together there, and it became exceedingly d ffi- j cult to distinguish anything. Being, I should | imagine, about 16 yards from the sound, we heard ? footsteps stealthily retreating; but a mysterious j buzzing continuing, I moved from behind the ; stones and peered ahead into the darkness. With , that sight I felt my scalp contract and my hands clench convulsively, for, gazing with distended eyes, I beheld a form that, even es I looked, van ished, but to reappear with its uncertain quiver ing outline, like the heat from a furnace passing into a summer sky. My companion saw it too, for with a shriek of terror he sprang to his feet; the revolver falling from his trembling hands. Spellbound, we gazed together on that awful thing. Its form was that of a human skeleton, but even as we looked its jaws seemed to fall apart, and in a most un earthly tone, that baffles -all description, it lifted its voice' in song! For a moment we stood abso lutely petrified. Then Jack broke from his trance. Stooping, he caught up his revolver, and, taking deliberate aim, fired three times at that awful, luminous thing. His shots proved effective, for with an uncanny clatter its body fell to the ground. But, to our intense horror, its head re mained in position, and its song proceeded unin terrupted. Maddened with terror, we started forward. We had got but half a dozen yards when, to my utter disgust, Jack suddenly vanished, in a partly-dug grave. Yelling furiously, I still made my way forward. My eyes becoming used to the intense darkness, I could make out things dimly. But that head, I made directly for it. Upraising my stick I beat insanely upon its gleaming surface, daehing it to atoms. That blow did more to com pose me than anything else could, even though the song continued, for the head relt so hard and bony. With trembling fingers : I struck some matches and looked about What I saw almost made me hysterical. Going back to the place where my friend had fallen, I managed to haul him out of the grave, much bruised and terrified, and taking him to the skeleton I struck another match, and then, together, we silenced that un earthly voice. A voice from a phonograph! A phonograph had been concealed in. some long grass beneath where the skeleton — which had been prepared with a luminant — hung. When my friend had fired his shots must have taken effect in the spinal cord, thus leaving the skull suspended.. As we were talking matters over the gentle ripple of laughter came to our ears, followed by the patter of quickly retreating footsteps. Pull of wrath at the practical joke, we gave chase; Jack wrenching a panel from a grave fence. Springing the hedge we could make out two figures tearing along ahead of us, but In our mad anger we soon reduced the distance, and at last came up with them. In thinking matters over in my quiet moments, I am almost ashamed to remember the unmerciful way in which we flogged those practical jokers. They were at least thorough, for we afterwards found that the cylinder they had used in their phonograph had been charged by someone who was then dead, and thus we heard in all truth, 'A Voice from the Dead.' 