OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. Parliament finished up for the week on Thursday evening, the principal event being the criticism of Mr Shiela'e lugubrious bade<-t by Sir George Turner, the leader of the Opposition. Hon. membeie hid as a matter of fact nearly forgotlen all about the preci- <7M budget, seeing that the author's political and elocutionary conceit was the leadiot feature running all through the deliverance MrSbiels evidently thinks he is a Demos thenes for power and a St. Chrysostom for grace, and loses no opportunity to display his fancied possession of these gifts. A financial statement is not a matter for rhetoric and impassioned prose, but if Mr Shieh were serving behind a grocer's counter and a person came in for WaBho or Scrnbbo soap he would break out intD the language of chivalry and romance. Sir George pointed out that Mr Shiels had really done riotliiug more than hold up the ghost of one of the depression budgets and tiyto fenrn hon. members with it. The leader ot ihe Opposition went on to show that tbiB did not matter much as far a8 n we.e concerned locally, but it might have bad eltect in other parts of the world. IV knew Mr Shiels as a sort of fiuaucjal "ii. fant crying in the night," but abroad people would Bay that he was Treasurer of the colony and that there must be something in his doleful diigc. This bears out the tiui,b of what a member of Parliament said to a pressman a few days ago, namely, that at tho present juncture there could hardly be 0 more unsaitable man in charge of the 1'iea suret's department than Mr Shiels. The Walmcr EaUite Purchase Bill was Thursday disposed of in the Assembly. Not a few members gave it us (heir opinion tha they bad serious doubts about the whuL business connected therewith, thinking it an error to purchase second or third class trade of land for the purposes of oloBer settlement, Howsver, the schcme was allowed to IJO and thoEe wlio bad spoken of it in terms of condemnation had no mind to call for a division. In committee £1500 worth of land was fixed as the maximum amount of a single holding. Mr Trenwith said that he feared that extending the areas the first purpose of this new departure in lcgislatinn would be defeated. He went on to state that when the closer settlement piiuciple was adupted £1000 maximum was agreed on. There are indications that a number of individuals who 6gared in not a very creditable iray during the boom—or rather when it burst—are about to endeavor to onter public life in connectiou with the coming elections Dent month. The people of Victoria are 8 very chaiitable lot on the whole—they forgive and forget in a ivoy that older communities—England for instance—decline to do Any man in that count ry who had cone through the same "raking fore and aft" as regards his integrity, his claim M the confidence of bis fellows, his regard to the veiucily of published financial statements as some of our boom characteis hsve, would be told by an indignant public and press to " sit down and keep quiet" if he made the slightest move towards entering political life. Of course there were public men in that disastious penod in this colony who suffered as innocently as thousands of private individuals did, but there are others of whom ire cannot think without a burning sense of indignation If such men really have the impudence to face any constituency —and the electors' memories cannot so have failed them but that they kno-v who is who — it is to be hoped that they will get such a reception thBt the experiences of a. pro Boer tiyiug to convert the Collins street ciotvd on Mufeking Day would be nothing to it, A scandalous piece of rntiiauism has been reported as having happened recently in one of the suburbs. To make matters still more astounding it took place when the sun was high in the heavens. A lady heard a noise in one of the front- rooms of her villa and went into it to ascertaiu the causc. As soon however, as she crosssd the thrcsbhold she was seired by the throat, and a handkerchief saturated with chloroform pushed iuto her mouth. What with the fright, the violence ofiered her, and the fumes of the anaesthetic the unfortunate victim became unconscious, and when she came to was so weak that the only way she could summons assistance was by hitting the wall with her shoe, when a resident in the vicinity came to her aid. The thief before departing had cleared the house of all the money he could, and not content with that tore the wedding ring off the lady's Soger severely lacerating that member. She cannot identify her assailant, and women left alone in the outlying suburbs during the day will do well to see to their front window fastenings It is to he hoped, however, that ere long the cowardly ruffian will 1 1 strike a snag " The manager of the Melbourne and Metropolitan Board of Works sewage farm seems to have arrived at the conviction that his billet ia hardly likely to tend towards "a long and happy life" on account of the pes tiferous odors arisiug from the area under his care, and has once again sent in his resignation. Some of the Commissioners of the board were of the opinion that the manager'*- salary, £350 a year, was not adequate, and moved that his resignation bs nnt accepted sod that he get a £50 bonus. It seems that the manager is a mau peculiarly adapted for Im position—if we except the extreme sensitiveness of his olfactory nerves—bnt eventually after a good deal of wrangling and controversy the resignation was accepted. I don't know exactly how much "smell" the average mau can put up with, but I fancy there would be mauy individuals Melbourne at '.he ptest-nt time williug to endnre inultiLudinous miasmas for £350 a year —leaving out anything in the shape of a bonus. Doctors and undertakers—especially the latter during the summer—put up with teirible nasal experiences, nod piessmen at times, who certainly do not getany thing over £100 a year—have at times to endure similar inflictions. Sewage smells no doubt are very bad, but if I had the knowledge the manager, who resigned because of them, had, I think I should chance the smell at ths "Bcrew" offered. 1 saw a photograph in a window in the city the other day of Bome of the battle fields in the South African WBT "after the ball was over." The camera has brought out all the " creepy" paitof the "pomp and circumstance of glorious war," and the impression created is quite different to that conveyed by ordinary pictures of the " heaps of slain" paiutel from imagination. In the latter the dead lie about in peaceful aud at times dignified attitudes like the sculptured recumbeut figures over the tombs of heroes and poets in Westminster Abbey, but in these " true to nature" photos the fallen are shown in disorderly heaps, one mau'e boot in another mau's face, Bome with their tuuics all "rucked" over their necks and their shirts bulging out over their belts, as if they had been struck dead while in a tussle at a football match. There are faces showiog the "lookef calm lepose" we read about, but ethers have evidently died hard, and one man's countenance is almost like that of a cat which has been worried to death by 'logs. The photographs are certaioly a morbid memento of the struggle between the Britain and the Boer. A great deal of misery lod inconvonienae is caused among the very pcor of Melbourne by the position the State sohools have become elevated to—a position ceitaiuly nevei contemplated by the litf Mr .lusticeStcpllen *hen he framed the Education Act. It seems that teachers turn away children who attend without boots, and that shabbily attired youngsters arc not too welcome. A hoy without boots is not indicative of a very comfortable home, aud sometimes it happens that although Johnny goes bootless his father is far from bciog beerless— in fact it is the lutler's fondneta for the beverage the Into Coroner Youl had such a dowu uu that causes Johnny to take his walks abroad after tho manner of a bare footed friar. But although this may be so there is nothing so repulsive in tho uaked tucs of a youngster that he should be chased away from the school rcBlly intended for tho offspring of the poor as if he bad preeeutcd himself at its poil.ls hearing all the symptoms of u vvelldevelcped attack of smallpox or tho bubonic plflgup. It is quite possible that come parents where there is a fmnily of from eight to Leo children pud the hutsbaud hae been out work for some time in By not be able to buy boots al oil—oven if there is no beer iu tho question ut till. These eliiHrcn ore sent to tho school the State provides for them, employee of tho State tells them to go home agaiu, the laws of tho Stote summons their parents foi not sending them to school, and the cotnts (f the State punish them by Hues or in default n sojourn iu tho St-.itc piisun. The old Hebrew paliiarcha or the £Oi»i)tumfios of the tmiduioff Ambs of the Kiel »ould compile a better legiil code than Ihia. It seoms that Loid Hopctouu intends to devote himself to yachtiog to some extent when ho arrives ut Sydney He is hardly > kcly tobe such u masoned salt us Lord Urasacy, but i presume he Mill be uble to !Qt hold of some one who understands hand >Qg & boat, *ud we kuow money will buy f anything—except, health, a clear conscience and the return of. the sound of the voices of the dead—aod his Lordship has plenty of it Some people think Sydney Harbor an ideal place for boating io, and so it is if yon are careful. Unfortunately it ia subject like l^ono Bay at Geelong to severe squalls, and a good many fatalities have happened on it owing to a sheet made fast" when the wind rose suddenly. But in the case of Lord UopetouD a "yacht" may ,nean something ot 150 tons burden or even over, but for the Hie tonner, or even the smaller type of craft sometimes termed yachts, the harbor is as treacherous as it is beautiful. it is to be hoped the New South Wales aboriginal murderers will be shot soon. thB sight of the whole police force of the mother colony being defied by them is uot reassuring or creditable. Certainly the country they have taken to is very iough, uul if bush troopeiB and trackers cannot cope with bush criminals the state of things disclosed is not very satisfactory. The wonderful Wilkie divoroe case has at length come to an end, and tbe petitioner has been successful. The Chief Justice gave one of the " Madden moralisations"—which .noralisstiona"—which extend over all tbe seven deadly sins and should be published in a series—on drunkenness. His Honor's views on the action of a man who " puts an enemy in his mouth to steal away bis brains" are not so contracted by any means as those of Mr John Vale, Mr Samuel Maugerand others, and he affirms that " respectable family men who could not go to a cricket match or a public dinner or some other function without drinking too much—on the whole do not offend society very cruelly." I heard a lady in the train Bay to her fiiend anent these judicial remarks—" He should have said bowling match instead of cricket match, my dear." But as to whether her suggested alterations the judge's utteiances is justified by facts I offer r — opinion. 