AFTER LONG YHARS.-Five yean ago a robbery waa committed at the hou«e of a gentleman in the country, and a sum of £41 odd was stolen. The enterprising burglar made good his eeoipe, and was never heard of any more. A warrant for persons unknown was issued, and remained in force until it was forgotten, and the circumstances of the robbery were consigned to the dustbin of the family récords, with the family Christmas ghost, and ¿the washing bills, and sundry other unconsidered trifles. Kow it's going to be all raked up again, and thn most unpleasant proceedings taken, whioh will involve complications upon several people, and result in a resident of Pyrmont taking a fiee ride BI far as Taree at the expense of the Government. Detective O'Sullivan had made himself eo busy over this person's concerns for some time past that he sucoeeded in tracing hiB history right back to November, 1896, and con- sidered it good enough to move, NON-PAÏMENT OF STEAMER FABE.-A case of some interest to shipowners was brought before the Port Adelaide Police Court, when a young man appeared to answer a charge preferred against him by the chief steward of the Gabo of having travelled from Bunbury, Western Australia, to Port Adelaide witboot having previously paid hiB fare. Accused Btated he had accompanied a departing companion on board the vessel, and went sleep until the steamer left Bunbury far astern, when he reported himself to the ship's officer**, and offered them £2 as passage money. They refused to accept unless 30a was added. The point the court had to consider was whether the accidental transport of an unwilling passenger constituted a breach of the law. After hearing evidence they decided to dismiss the information. GERMAN MONETT MABEBT.-The state of the money market in Germany ia one of the most important features of the financial situation in Europe. The statement of the Beichsbank for March 31 was again a breaker of all records for the date. It showed for the year a loss of £5,813,000 in the metal stock. Discounts and loans had very largely increased. The amount of notes above the tax limit was £11,913,000, the total note circulation £65,498,000, The rate of discount was 6} per oent., against 4| per cent, the year before, The pressure was EO great that it was considered very doubtful whether there would be any further reduction of the rate this year. The issues of the new stook in German; for the first quarter of the year showed a total of £29,965,400, against £38,910,000 last. year. In domestic industrial shares and obligations the preeent year showed an lacrease, the figures being £8,751,900, against £7,771.000. In the electrical branch alone the new tones were £2,326,000, against £1,200.000. Municipal and provincial loans absorbed £3,278,500, against £820,000._ 