The Argus. PUBLISHED DAILY, "I am in the place where I am demanded of con- science to speak the truth, and therefore the truth I speak, impugn it whoso list." TO CORRESPONDENTS. Every letter must be accompanied by the name and address of the writer, not necessarily for pub- lication, but as a guarantee of good faith. Rejected letters cannot be returned under any cir- cumstances whatever. Correspondents are ad- vised to keep copies of their letters, as this rule will be adhered to strictly. SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1900. Among the purely political Issues before the country in the Assembly elections the first place must be accorded to constitutional reform. Not that it was an issue which profoundly agitated the community. Not that it sprung from a notoriously unsatisfac- tory existing condition of affairs. Nothing of the kind. Constitutional reform would probably not have been an issue at all just now but for the imminence of national union. Up to the close of last session the relations, between the two Houses were har- monious to a rare degree. Certainly the late Assembly could not have im- peached the Council, which had raised no difficulties over the democratic nature of the Commonwealth Consti- tution, given way on the question of the single vote, and, in regard to the renewal and extension of the Fac- tories Act, displayed a most concilia- tory disposition. Woman suffrage was, as a matter of fact, the only unsettled dispute between the Houses, and everybody can see to-day how much justification the Council had for delaying the settlement. An impartial critic must admit that the bicameral system has been working with smoothness and efficiency in Victoria for many a year. During the federal campaigns a promise was virtually made to the people in all the federaling states that the cost of supporting a national Legislature would be partly met by reducing the cost of supporting the half-dozen state Legislatures. It was a reasonable promise to make, because the state authorities will have lessened responsibilities with respect to both legislation and administration. So that a cry at the present time for economic reform of the Assembly and the Ministerial system was inevitable. Advantage was taken of the oppor- tunity, with, as far as can be ascer- tained, the full consent of the mem- bers, to also propose such moderate reform of the Council as would tend to bring it into closer touch with the more stable portion of the community, the portion to which it looks as its constituency. Then arose a not unex- pected clamour from the extremists, who desire either that the Council shall be abolished, or that It shall be- come a mere salaried echo of the As- sembly. A cunning idea occurred to them. They asked that the task of constitutional reform should be taken out of the hands of Parliament and vested in a convention, such body to be elected by the Assembly's consti- tuency, and thus necessarily created an irresponsible duplicate of the Assembly. So the constitution of the Council would, in effect, be placed ab- solutely at the mercy of the As- sembly, while the Council would have neither voice nor vote in the reforming of the Assembly. Indeed, some of the candldates who were most peremptory in their demand for the convenient convention denied that there was any necessity for the reform of the As- sembly. Thus the question of constitutional reform went before the country in a false form, so far as it was sub- mitted to the judgment of the elec- tors by Opposition candidates. There can be no convention, and every Opposition candidate knew it. A con- vention cannot be created by Minis- terial authority. The Ministry would have to proceed by bill, and that bill would have to be passed by the Coun- cil; and Sir George Turner, his so- called "Liberal" followers, and the Trades-hall delegates ail know that such a bill has not the ghost of a chance of being passed by the Coun- cil, which House, in truth, would fall sadly in their esteem if it meekly bowed to insult and meekly clothed itself with unmerited humiliation. The only way to get reform of Parliament, of both Houses—but happily a sure way of getting it—is to proceed in the ordinary manner ; and moderate reform, obtained without strife, will undoubtedly satisfy the great and reasonable majority in the country. All that is really required can be ac- complished by the two Houses in amicable co-operation. Should Sir George Turner come into power again as the result of the elections, and go on with the convention proposal, he will deliberately provoke unnecessary strife between the Houses, and as de- liberately postpone constitutional re- form. Both the provocation and the postponement would greatly please some of his followers. The country is visibly a unit in its sympathetic attitude to the idea of making provision for the aged poor. If there is any dissent, it utterly failed to disclose itself in the course of the electoral campaign. But neither of the schemes put forward by the Premier and the leader of the Opposition has won popular endorsement, and neither deserved It. Both were ridiculously inadéquate, and both rested on a ridiculous financial foundation. And the candidates who tackled the pro- blem failed as conspicuously as did the party leaders. Towards the close of the campaign the bewlldered simpleton type of candidate discovered that the four or five hundred thousand pounds required could be taken out of consolidated revenue—as If, when first Sir George Turner, then Mr. Shiels, and once more Sir George Turner, were racking their brains to find enough money to run a limited relief scheme, the half-mllllon of gold lay shining at them from the coffers of the Treasury! The unwisdom of assuming this additional burden as a state obligation should impress every intelligent citizen. And, if there were no financial difficulty, state schemes are unavoidably lacking in complete- ness. Any state provision must ex- clude a large number of deserving per- sons. The more the subject is dis- cussed the more clearly it is seen that Victoria's best policy is to join with other states in seeking an early national solution of the problem, Only a Commonwealth scheme can cover the whole area of distress, and a Commonwealth scheme is not merely practicable, but more so than any imaginable state scheme. Woman suffrage was one of the issues which remained in the back- ground all through the campaign. It must have come into the foreground if it had possessed much vitality. There are 300,000 adult women in the colony, and if only 100,000 of them desired to break the bands of the alleged political enslavement, they could have made the elections very lively. They have been assured by the suffragists that they are the victims of a monstrous conspiracy against their liberty. But the anti- suffragists have told them over and over again that they could have the suffrage if they would only show un- mistakably that they wanted it. The elections were their opportunity. Why did they not get up overwhelming de- monstrations? Simply because nine out of ten women are either hostile or indifferent to the franchise. And the elections have shown again that the great majority of the men do not wish to force women Into politics. Many candidates declared themselves suf- fragists, as they declared in favour of other proposals which did not in any serious degree stir the public mind. But it was nearly always the anti- suffragist who got the most responsive cheer from the audience. Within the metropolitan area openly expressed anti- suffrage opinions did not preju- dice any candidature. Mr. Bennett again topped the poll at Richmond, and Messrs. Gillies, White, and Madden encountered no formidable suffrage influence. At Prahran an at- tempt to defeat Mr. D. Mackinnon be- cause he was an opponent of woman suffrage signally failed. So, in the country, such men as Mr. McKenzie, Mr. Lazarus, and Mr. Sadler were not hurt by their views on this question. The issue nellher put anybody in nor kept anybody out. Upon the whole, it may be claimed that the elections have vindicated the Council in refusing to pass a measure which in reality meant the creation of an irregularly distri- buted plural voting power. Of the penny post issue it need only be said that the country has pro- nounced decisively in favour of the proposal. The new Assembly has got a clear mandate from the country. Very few candidates opposed the reform, while the electors were prac- tically unanimous in asking for it. If there should be any further delay, it will amount to a deliberate flouting of the constituencies. Nearly twenty years ago II.M.S. Bacchante went steaming out of the Heads, having on board Prince Albert Victor nnd Trinco George of Willes. The Roynl Princes had just finished their ton days' stay In what thoy called " bright Victoria." In their journal thoy record how, amongst other memorials of their visit, thoy carried away, duly pasted in their diary, a scrap from a leading article In "Tho " Argus" of that date. The passage which, they record, "we shall carry " away with ns, and shall think over" -runs ns follows: "It is»probul>le that in the course of n few years an attempt will he ninilp to form the various branches of the scattered but united British family into one vast confedera- tion. , . . Tile time« will come sooner or Inter when n closer union or ii formal separation will he the only alternatives pre- sented for tho ehpjce^ of statesmen. ¡./(Che danger iii that "day' will be that Imperial Ministers will falter before the diilicultics of federation, and allow the colonies to KO in sheer despair of gr.q .iling successfully with tlic problem involved in their réten- tion. The best antidote to despair in that case would ho a profound conviction in the minds of the governing classes of the enor- mous value to England of the possessions which would be _u.Tcndi.-il unless some common modus vivendi could be discovered. It ¡H in spreading the knowledge at home of these two things, of the iiiinortanco not only of Victoria lint of nil the colonies, and the nfieclionnte loyalty which colonists feel towards the institutions of the empire, thal the Princes, as tiley grow up, will he able to do a great deal." With what degree of diligence II.R.II. the Duke of York-the survivor of our pair of princely guests of twenty years ago-has "thought over" the sentences wo have quoted, nobody can guess. But it is not often tho fate of a lending article to bo anxiously pasted Into a Royal journal, and tosupply the text for Royal meditations. The "Frlnce George " of Wales" of 1881 will In 1001 steam once more through Port Phillip Heads, coming as the representative of the Queen herself, and to open the first Pnrlliiinont of the Australian Common- wealth. Twenty years lu tho life of a nailon is but like the tick of a clock. And when before, into a space so brief, has there boen compressed a political and social development such as that which these colonies have known be- tween 1881 and 1001? Prince George of Wales loft us a cluster of unrelated colonies, parted from each other by hostile tariffs, and busily occupied in building those tariffs Into still more hostile altitudes. When hp stops on Australian soil again hu will find us n Commonwealth, knitted together Into a singlo political system. And not morely our relationship to each otilól- as colonies, but our relations to Hie empire, bnve been transfigured. Wo uro no longer burdons to be carried, or children to bo petted. Wc add to the strength ol' the empire. Wo have given it new reasons for pride! The Knglish Journals which have exhumed and printed afresh the frag- ment from our loading article of twenty years ago which the Royal Princes enshrined in their journal, discuss it as a sort of unlusplred and purely secular prophecy which Is visibly In process or fulfilment. Mr. Dalton, the chaplain of tho Bacchante, who edited the published records of that ship's cruise, embodied In tho work n solemn dissertation on the federation of tho emplro which our article seemed to foreshadow. This generation, ho argued, has scon tho i«i aster of kingdoms and principalities Into which Italy was rent meit Into one groat kingdom under the wise statesmanship of Cnvour. It has seen tho tangle of (Inchies and royalties which inado up distracted Gorumuy fused by the Iron genius of Bismarck mid by the shock of mighty battles Into ii great elliptic- the mightiest state, measured In terms of Innd .tower, Hie modorn wurla knows. Why, ho asks, may it not seo a third and even greater political revolution-the federation of the fur-scatterod pro- vinces and colonlos of tho Bi'ltltJh Um- pire Into ono political organism, with n common rarllamont, a common system of defence, a common lavlff, tindal common Imperial'ravemio. Au Income tax-of on«- halfpenny lu' tho Bl would, ho gravely calculated, yield -as ..j,r ?B A^.tralla 1. capcterneiJr'j... that the common imperial revenue $9. rnnnded, and one halfpenny per ton on Cniindlun shipping would be nil thnt the great Dominion of Canada would be required to contribute. But history brings Its own solutions to the great problems of national life, and these solutions nro apt to como hi unexpected shnpos ami at unexpected moments. It is possible to plan a machine In advance, nnd from the out- side, but life has Its own peremptory nnd often unguessed impulses, and its shape Is determined hy energies from within, not by criticisms nnd plans from without. And the British Em- pire is nu organism, not. a machine, its growth and development will he the result of living forces, obeying their own law. It Is possible that by the shook of great events, or antler the stress of great perils, some com- mon polltlcnl system might have to be formulated for the whole empire, and so there might emerge an Imperial Parliament of a new type, In which the colonies would have representation, nnd through which tiley would contri- bute to the common défoncé of the empire nnd have a direct shnre In de- termining its policy. But no one at present Is enger to roach this stage, No brnln has evolved, ns yet, n scheme of federation for the empire which has In the least degree arrested the attention of nil its pro- vinces. AVe are content, at present at least, with a sort of unwritten, unfor mulated federation, which knits all the parts of the empire, not Into the arti- ficial unity of a common paper consti- tution, but' Into the subtler and more enduring klndredshlp of a common life. The provinces of the empire are knitted to the mother-lnud by ties of affection, of pride, of loyalty, of the sense of common Interests and com- mon perils. These bonds muy hereafter require clearer expression; they may crystallise Into moro definite polltlcnl forms. But at present they give to us and to the whole empire all we need. Wo nre as free as though we were In- dependent states, and yet we liuvc the Inspiration born of the sense of part- nership In a great empire. And what larger measure of loyalty and help could the mother-land ask from us than that which ns a free and un- sought gift we have rendered the em- pire during the last few months? In the town edition of "The Auelrah asinn" n very interesting photograph is re- produced of Mr. Skuthorpe, who on lus horse Wnlltico successfully accomplished the poet Gordon's famous leap on the banka of the Ultu* Lake, Mount Gambier. Pic- tures fciie also given of Miss Carrie Moores and Mr. George Lami, as Heart's Desire and Hassan in "The Hose of Persia," and Mibs Lottie Collin., the original singer of "Ta-rii-ra-boom-de-ay." Views aro also mi- lled of Townsville, North Queensland, har* hour improvements. The Orient Co.'a -loyal mail slcamer Aus- tral, with English mails to October 5, ar- rived nt Fremantle from Colombo early yes terdny morning, lind resumed her voyage a few hours la 1er. She will not reach Ade- laide before Tuesday afternoon, anti her mails will not he available for delivery in Melbourne before Wednesday. An election wns held yesterday nt tho Melbourne University for the purpose of filling the vacancy caused by the retire- ment, of Professor Irving from the Uni- versity Council. Unusual interest wat taken in the election, owing to the fact that the candidates for the vacancy were Dr. Leeper, I.L.D., the winden of Trinity Col- lege, and Dr. ,1. W. -Jarrett,, of Collins -tieet, Hie former' of whom was understood to he pledged to oppose uny attemptto re- open the case with icgard to the Ormond professor of music, while the latter was not KO pledged. The voting, which was by bal- lot, wau conducted according to the system of voting by post, and the voting-p,ipers, which were sent out to till duly qualified members of the Melbourne University .Senate at present residing in nny Aus- tralasian colony, numbered 507. Of theso papers no fewer than .03 were returned, being the largest number of votes ever cist in an election for the University Council. Upon the close of the poll, Hi. E, A'Beckett, the returning officer, announced that Dr. Leeper was duly elected to the vacant seat. The voting was as follows: Dr. Leeper, 21(1; Dr. Barrett, 217, or ti ma- jority for Dr. Leeper of 29 votes. Tho number of votes cast In favour of Dr. Leeper vvus the largest ever recorded for - candidate at a University Council election, the next largest being 210 polled by I.o fessor Allen in 1898. The significance of the election, tis ita evidence of the feeling of the University Scnnte with regaul to the case of the Ormond professor of music is icninrknbl., especially as no secret vv.ts mad- of the fact that the whole weight of the professorial inllucnco was cast in fa- vour of Dr. Lecper's opponent. Tlie Postnl department has made the fol- lowing arrangements for the transaction« of business on Tuesday, Oui inst. (Cup day), and on Monday, 12th inst., when hy the provisions of the net passed last session tho holiday in connection with the Prince of Wales' Birthday will be observed:-Novem- ber 0.-At all oHicos outside Hie metropoli- tan suburban radius postal business will be carried on as usual, but no money-order business will he transacted. The General Post-olhco and all suburban offices, nmoiig-t which nre Included. Dandenong and Mor- dialloc, will ho closed to the public at 10 a.m. Tho first delivery only hy letter carrier will he effected. Country mails will ho despatched and received in the ordinary way. November 12.-All offices will lie closed to the publio at 10 n.m. The lirst delivery only by letter-carrier will be effected. Country mails will be despatched and received in the ordinary course. No money-order business will he transacted. November 0 nnd 12.-Melbourne anil Subur- ban Mails-Only the first mails in the morn- ing will bo sent from the General I'ost ollico to tho suburban oflices, and from the suburban offices to the General Post-office. Receiving pillars in the suburbs will ho cleared in tinto for this mail, und Hie suburban midnight clearance will be miulo ns usual. Telegraph Offices.-November 0. -All offices open to tho public as usual, ex- cept tho following metropolitan brunell offices, vin.:-The itmlto, Law Courts, the Exchange,- Custom-house, Klizabci- stroet north, qnd Bourkc-streot east. November 12.-All offices will ho open from half-past 8.to 10 n.m., and from 0 to 7 p.m., except the following metropolitan branch ofli.c., vii!,:-Tho llinlto, Law Courts, the £-. chungo, Custom-house, Mcii-los' Hotel, Elizabeth-street north, and Bourkc-strccli oast, which will bo dosed tho whole day. Tho experiment which tho City Council has mado in removing the fenco surround- ing tho end reserve on Victoria-parade has completely transformed tho appearance of tho locality, und tho new view of green sward and elm trees is quito refreshing. Flower-bud. huvo been dug round each of tho elms, and rookeries have been built in different pnrtp of the reserve, which is now freely opon to the public, and has al- ready become a playground much appro einted by tho children of the locality, tlio municipal authorities desire.thal; tho mimi? will o&Hist; them in preserving theii pen*. anco of tho reserve ns far a; powbio by *y> staining from making short cuts across i, and R0 trending out distinct patho, windi would soon cut Jt up. Tho fourth y mum of tho Australian WidowI'm» ended on ¡list October. During 'ho past 12 months tho society ho« Iwucd now no eios nssurlng the sum of £0-7,077, boum m mcrcifio of »5 over theJ'^V&ow;ï nrecodlnu year. Tie business of tno wuatys &und; is derived from tho Australasian colo* may bo »ocop od m »"°*¿5L flK" E tho improved condition, of a««!.. thiojW1 has shown an advance of fu].«/ 44 peí cent I apon tlint of the couesiionding months of | last yeal The annual election of councillors of the city of Melbourne will take place on Mon day next, the only contested seat being that held by Mr William Ievers, one of the councillors for Smith Ward, who is opposed by Mr Archibald Grant Black, M B, of Lygon-street, Carlton The election will take place at the orderly room, Grattan sticct, and at Mea».« Campbell and Sons bide yards, Sydney load, the hours of noll ing being between 8am nnd 7 pm I ne councillors who retire by efiluxion ot timo and ure elected without opposition fir« Joseph Major Pratt, of George- street, gen tlenmn, foi Albert Ward, Janies Dynon, of Lonsdale street, importer, foi Bourke Ward, William Burton, of Drummond street, carnage builder, for Gipps Ward thomas James Di viv, of _ ami mreet, Haw thom, accountant, for Lonsdale Ward, and William Cook, of Drummond street, con tractor, for Victoria Ward Mr James Hillston, maltster, of 1 lmderB street, sue ccedijMr Charles Smith v. ho docs not.seek rc election, ns councillor for Latrobe Wara A largo and rcpicsentativc meeting of those interested m the better supervision and control of children, especially those enrnng a livelihood as vendors on tlus streets, was held in the 1 own hall jester d13, at the invitation of the Majoi (»ir Aliilcotm M_.acl.arn) _orty oiganisi tions nore represented, and apologies were rccened from Sir rrederipl 3»good anti Mr Samuel Gdlott Sir Malcolm MTncii irn, who presided, suggested that, in prdor to gain the moat prictical lesults, an eve i utive committee should be appointed, M ho would deal with vnuous phusis of the sub icit and be prepared at n later period to lineo definite propos-ila befóle the general committee The Rev A R Pdgir, Mr Hw in Lxon, Mr Pate), Mr W L Bow ditch and Mr J A leve«, wuuiilv sun iioi ted the Muyors suggestion The foi (owing were appointed -Sn Malcolm MI icharn (mesident), Sir 1 V Sargood, Mr Samuel Gillott, Re«, A R LMgai, Rev Dr Mm shall, Pastor iHeilit7 Mr C II (condona, Mi W R Church, ' Biigadur Unsworth Mi W Groom Mr W M lorstoi Mr C D Barbel, Mr J A Levey, Ah I Unmet, Mi «J ideal}, and Mi i honiton Pearson (hon seiretaij) Mr lustice Holroyd teni yesterday the rescued judgment ot the lull Couit on an import mt question affecting the light of a jiuli-nicnt eieditoi m n Couit of Petty Ses Mons to hu\c the defend mt examined on ii Irani summons Hie nnttei linne betoie the 1 nil Court (consisting of Mi Justice Holton! Mi íustiee A Beckett, and Mr Ju tice Hood) in August last on the heming uf in oilier to review in tho ease of Alston i Dunne Mr Dobbin, P M , hid rctuscd to tinko an order on a debtoi's summons on the apiilic ition of tho complain mt, he nti.i he held that the complainant was bound to ti j mid lecovei the judgment by ilistrcbs, the oidor of the Couit ot I'etti Vision- liming been for the pnjment of the «um c1 iiined in dctuult distils* ' It wisuiged.il Ali M M Phillip«, who-ip jcneil lol the complainant (theil being no ippc-ii ince foi the détendant) tint ii is sin of I li ni mt of disticss lins not a ne ce di) condition pieiedent to i debtors ..mullion«! bung proeccded with Ali lus lue Holioyd and Ml Justin \ Heckett "ned nilli this new and nude the OU|LI ah. lute, with costs Hie case was oideied to he i emitted to the Coutt of Pettj «soi .¡loin Melbourne with the iluectiop of the I nil Couit Unit it was not necessary to i« UP a dishes wal i.nnl bcloie taking pro tfilling» mulei the luipi isoiiinent of Inulultnt Dihtors Act Air Justice Hood s judgment in which he diffeied from lu. hrotliet judges, was also lead h. Mr Justice lloliowl 1 lie cause of the death of apple trees, «huh lue been H common omnium lately e ii_ilill, in the Stawell district mid which hii ino\eil a puzzle to ex-put hmtiiiil nuil-', lus no v bien discoieied hy Mr M \lpinc the Coieinment ic_et iblo pitiio logi t In i Kjport to the seciotiitv foi \\_iicultiiic lie stites that whit is known i- heb irk of the apple tices is due to the killing liingus-artnill ma melin lull piitiitiliin of the fungus togcthci with I hatagriplis nie now lieniuj got read. li) the (Icptilmcnt foi publication Hie ii ile foi tciiilin_ in liomin ilion« for ic ic cntitives on tin Pustijeooks Hoaid un It i tilt 1 ictoiics Act bus been n\ed foi \\\ e lue day next up to i p m Mi C A lill the under scuctir), is the letiirmng i Hun It is undcistooil lint i met ling ol t) t (luploiers in Hu ti nil is to ho held it s i tlotk tins iicning ut Lyunss 103 Suvau t-Ion street Hie Cioic liment of Western ViHtiulii infill nie! Hie Prenne, of this colony ic ttiitly tint it was intended to remoie tne ic tu tions i^ainst the admission to Perth t t ittle fioin the kimberle) district, which is tul infected Alt M Lean wiote to Sir lohn 1 oiicsl sitting lint it would be most timle.ira.ile to lemon the i dilutions, and it it weie done stock fiom Western Am, li du would bi iiuirantinid bore Sn lohn 1 one t has now tilegiaphcd to thePremiei lint the lcstiictions will not be icmoyed I lie wcel ly meeting of the Women's Hos pt ii committee ii is held jcsttidii, the »nilibili prc-ent being Mrs Alunci (pre .i ling). Lid) liciijimiti Mi««]une. dinner, Don templeton Nicolson, Shields, Loy ion, \l nile), J G nail Duff), (tress»eli. Thom lu r A lang A Jlaiyty . .ticket., ni D Sj mc A communie ition was leid nom the Noith Alelbomni ( oimeil con t mung i donation of £20, and nominating t .miiilloi M U keelo foi tim position of hie "oveinoi Hie Union lniattis Com 1 mi also wrote nonpiiatiiig Ali« t- Pii)ne uni Airs . Al Piyne is life gmcmois in re i eel to a henueit ot -11(1/4/0 untlei the will of the liti lhomis Budd Paym Hie i minutions were upproyed, ind the up pointnients mule Unconditional certificates of dischnge fiom then debts Hire _i intoil in the In hohene) Court yesterday to John Do v, former.) of llrightoii, noyv of St kilda Miitleman \\\ illiam Winroii of Western Mnket Mellioiunc yvholisale /ruitenr, ind Richuid Uiooking, of Aloonee Ponds, joiner A certificate was also giuntcd to lohn lraniis Maloney, of Ptt/ioj, ciyil ser unit subject to an existing oída for the inyment of LI pci month to Ins creditois until 7/ in the ti has been paid A çaiinslicc order nisi to attach tho sum of -T0 lodged yyith the returning ofHcei foi bourke \\\ tit b) Mr Randolph Bedford an unsueccssful candidate for that constitu ency was gianted bv Mr Justice Hood m di imbers )cstordn) Hie judgment creditor is Mr Ebenezer A'icary, who obtained judg ment against Ali Bedford some time ago foi the sum of -.160/18/ Of tlus amount 1114/2/ still rennms unsatisfied Ihe ap pheition wis undo by Mesáis Stawell and Nank.ycll 1 he examination for scholai ships and c_ rubicon, at tho three University colleges trinity, Ormond, and Queen's-lias been fixed to begin on December 3, but the tmie tnhlo will oe arranged so as not to clash with any part of the matriculation oxaminu bon Thcso scholarships and exhibitions arc open, freo of any denominational oi othn restrictions, to candidates who pro pose to enter the Uni .ort-ity in 1001 l.ucli candidate will ho oxaiumid at the college which ho or she desires jto join Lntnes uro now being received, and the neeossar) entry forms tan bo obtained from tho heads of the respcctiyo colleges lim annual dinner of the Dental Stn (lent« Society waa held lust oyening ut the A'lcnna Cafe Mr A P Merrill, D D S, the dean of the fuoulty of dentmtry pie "'led After the usual lo) al toasts, Mr C \\\ Harworth, of Queensland, pioposod the Joist of tho chairman, which yyas honoured with loud cheeiing Aftci Mi Merrill had responded the toasts of tlio administrators and lecturers were lroposeil bv Mi W A Mollison, nilli acknowledged hy Mi J Biffe, BDS, and Mi lluohanan, FKCS Mr C 1 Neyycll of Niyv Zealand, then imposed the toast of the medical iroiession Uns was icspondcd to In Mr lrcd Bird, 11RCS, and Mr -Nihill MHOS, tho lattei ut logising tho industry and intclliginco ot tho students m then dcyotion to Hie medical side of dentistry Hie toast of the Msitorswasalsopioposed bj Mr L Mariis, ¡nu acknowledge^ h) Di Lund), of Ade. laud A Ion*, mid mtei eating musical pi o pinino yias gone thioiigli, the dioiusea uomg londoied with great Ynthusmsm Accoiding to custom, the Salvation Aimv «ii on Cup night publiai) announce tit tlio Melbourno Town hull tho results of tho col lections foi whiU«. is teimed the "self nenin) , olf"'t. ., "Commandant" and Mis Hooth MI both bo present, mid the pioceiding« Mil be enhy enod bv the musical conti ibu lions ot tho It.dciu) Clion.teis " \ gaiden foto, hi aid of Hie Viotoiiim In [ant -syliim, will bo opened hy His l.«-co i".í.c>i7fi i^'.ewteuniit Goyeinoi ou battu Hi) 17th ¡nut, at Whoinsido .ooiak, tho le-idonco of Mi mid Mis -Ibort Millet, who haye kindly lent Dieu grounds loi the iiltcinoon and eyciung -ii mfluintial tom iniltec of Indies has been woikuig cneigeti MU) foi some yycolts, and it ni liquid a siti.factoiy result yull ensue, its the asylum niuiipcinçnt is cmnistl) desiious of ix tcuiling tho good woik mined an. yvlnuh (ijnnol bei done without inoreasoit fund. MI l c Williamson has auiuigoil fqr tin. npliaiance of incinbers of his opera copi I ¡li) 1 nil partiQiilius will bo found in the n Uertlslng columns Code's Melbourne BrasB Band, yvluoli lina Men so successful dining the past few )ems m iii. iiipimtfiiiip lampatitious, iiiaUea it» tlot-Hitnl Suiiilay eliott tq monow aftci noon In the Botanical-gurdens. The collec- tion will be taken up by officers of the Col- lingwood District of the Manchester Unity Independent Order of Oddfellows in re- galia. For the Hospital Sunday Fund we have re* celved £10 from O.O.O., and i/o from "Mother and Tot." Mr. Francis Jenkins Sincock, solicitor, ha« been appointed by the Chief Justice a commissioner of tho Supreme Court ot Victoria tor taking affi- davits. Tim Chief .dístico has uppolnt«! Mr. E. A. Hol- royd Pcrmc-ol, of Messrs. Hughe« and Pqrmc-ol, n Commissioner of the Supreme Court for taking auldtivltl In Victoria, The Chief Justice of Queensland has appointed Mr. Joseph Fltngerald, of Qu- cntstroet, Melbourne, solicitor, a commissioner for taking affidavits and examining* witnesses. A largo meeting; of friends and tunportm of Mr. Wa levers, the rotlring councillor for Smith Ward, waa held last night at tim University Hotel. Carlton, and an Influential committee wus formed to scour, the vonerablc candidata's return. A charity service, organised by the local lodges of the Independent Order of Oddfellows, is to bo held In the Williamstown Mechanics' Institute to- morrow afternoon, Mr. Mauger, M.L.A.. Is to deliver an address, and a number of ladles and gentlemen will give musical items. In connection with the Young People's Festival special services will bo held lu the Australian Churc*li to-morrow, Special music will be ren- dered, and appropriate sermons preached, morning and evening, by tile Rev. Dr. Strong, and In the afternoon an address will bo delivered by Mr. Deakin, entitled" "The Children's Hour." A musical programme will be rendered \?y tlie com- bined choir and choral union, the -r,lo-«lnner» being Misses Conly and Lyndhurst and Messrs, Jones and Pnltimoiintain. Mr. Fenton will pre- side at the organ. TO-DAY'S ARRANGEMENTS. V.R.O. Spring Meeting-Derby Day. First Race at 1 p.m. For euther Sporting Fixtures, see Sporting Columns. Ilrlgliton Hose Show, Brighton Drill-room, «ftcr noon and evening, - Builders and Contractors' Conference, B30 Flin .. ders-stroct, 10 a.m. THEATRES AND ENTERTAINMENTS. Princess's Tlieatre.-"Lohengrin," 8 p.m. Her Majesty's TticatTo.-,"Tlic Rose of Persia," 8 p.m. The Royal,-Mr. Dland Holt's Company, In "The Absent-minded Beggar," 8 p.m. Wjoii Tlieatre.-Mr. Harry Rickards'» Company, 8 p.m. Fitzgerald's Circus, Exhibition (Jnadranglc, after- noon ,1, evening 8. M'irths' Circus, l'llndcra-strcct, 8 p.m. Tcmporonce-ball.-Pcoplc's Concerts, 8 p.m. , SUNDAY. For Church Services, tie, see pago 0. _, 