THEANGLICAN CHURCH. s a EQBD ]LTnIsGAL PRACTICES. DEAN GOLDSMITH IN REIPLY. y last evening's service in St.George's Cathedral Dean Goldsmith preached from the text, "Let a man so account of us as yf.the ministers of Christ and stew Srds of the mysteries of God," 1 Cor., _iv., i. In the course of his remarks, he said that ministers, in declaring the ;whole counsel.of God, had very often to :enforce duties which were unpopular and disliked. People did not want to be tod' of these duties, such as self \- ?denial and repentance, yet, if he was ifaithnfl, the minister must remind them of;them. Then, again, he had to conquer prejudice arising from various causes, sometimes environment, sometimes tem perament, and sometimes narrowness of vision, which led men who were perfect ly honest themselves to find great diffi culty sometimes in believing that those Ffrom whom they differed were as honest K as they were themselves. They had had an instance of that, and he deeply re gretted to have to call attention to it, S'in one of the newspapers during the past week. After speaking of certain thin s the writer said, "I have no hard words to say against those who honestly be lieve in them." It was very hard when one was speaking what one most deeply believed from the depths of one's heart to be true, and what one was charged by God above to preach, that one should- be charged with dishonesty. It was the cruellest c-harge that could be brought against one who had a public duty to perform. Let them look how the prejudice ap Speared. In the newspaper there appear ed the heading "Illegal Practices in Perth Churches." It was clearly preju dice to call it illegal before any opportu nity was afforded of hearing what the Bishon had to say about it, or what the Church taught about it. There was another difficulty that a Christian min ister had in declaring the whole counsel of God, and that was to repair past want of instruction. In some cases .charges :weie made against those who had to teach the word of God, by those who scarcely ever look ed at some parts of their prayer :books and Bibles. There were some parts .'of the Church service which some mem "bers of the Church would hardly lkow where to find. For example, in the ar 1icle he had referred to, he thought the words used were thatis was "nonsense" Supoosing there was any particular ob servance about Friday. He referred them to the prayer-book. Just after the calendar there was a list headed "Days of Fasting or Abstinence." So far from that being anything obsolete, there "w?as an instruction immediatnely ,after the Creed in the Holy C-ojnrmunion service :- "The curate shall d-clare unto the people what holy days or fasting days are, in ithe week following, to be observed." He took himself to task for it, and :oJthers were the same, that they had not always declared those fasting days as they ought to have done. Again, many -honest seekers after truth had often "serious spiritual perplexities, which arose from all sorts of causes, mainly the ; " efficulty, amid the Babel of teachers, of detecting thevoice of the living Christ. 'Lastly, there was the misunderstanding ,which arose from an inexact use of words or terms, such as conversion, re generation, absolution, etc., and it 'often happened that when people were arguing one was using a term in one sense and the other in a different sense, ,and so there followed misunderstand 'ming. Several matters were mentioned in that recent communication in one of their city newspapers. As to those the 'Bishop had been good enough to reply that some things objected to were per ?fectly legal and innocent, and that with regard to others the anonymous writer had been altogether misinformed. The i?~lhop had spoken plainly with regard to the very important matter of confession, which was the crown of it all. In a note to a secular newspaper, which was neces sarily brief, the Bishop said, "No one can prevent people going to confession ,if they wish; and if they do so wish and go to a clergyman, he is bound to exer cise his office." He would deal with the subject more in detail: not in his own words but in the words of the prayer and the Bible, and show what was the teachinr of the Church about that prac tice. The general principle was stated in the well-lknown words, "God hath given power and commandment to his ministers to declare and pronounce to his people, being penitent, the absolution and remission of their sins; He nardoneth and absolveth all them that truly repent and unnfeignedly believe His holy Gos pel." Three principles were to be gath ered from that (1) it was God and God none who nardoned sins. He "pardon eth" were the words used. (2) God gave not only power,but commandment, to His ?mnisters to pronounce that pardon. It was their duty, from which they could ot escape. (3) That nardon was only vIInlnhin1 +n tha cirre ;. hn - rpnn awae ant. With regard to 'enitence, which was the important thing, one essential element was a confession. That raised the question of what is con fession? If they confessed their sins they might do so in three 'ways-(1) Publicly before the Church; (2) privately alone with God; (3) pri vately, but in the presence of God's minister. They must confess in one or other of those ways. In the earliest times of the Church's history it was cus tomary to require. in grosser cases of sin a public but explicit confession of sin before the congregation; a time of repentance was appointed, and after wards absolution was given. That was found to work badly for the congrega tion. and so the minister became its re presentative to hear the confession, not with the idea of making it easier for the sinner. hut for the sake of the congrega tion. He hoped that none. as far as'he eas concerned, would think that he was always engaged in impressing upon eople that the confession of sins was he only duty in the world. It was only one. They had to maintain the roportion of faith, but sin was he cause of all the sorrow and pain and eath in the world. It was to be found verywhere. and it was no wonder, there o?e. that the writer of the Epistle to t~e ebrews said that repentance was one f the chief "principles of the doctrine of hrist." one of the foundation orinciples f the Christian faith. An important luty of every faithful member of the urch was regular communion. and for hat careful preparation was most neces arc (I Cor. xi. 27, 28). The Prayer ook reiterated that counsel, and went 'uto it with greater detail. It said: The way and means thereto is first to a=mine your life and conversation by he rule of God's commandments, and rhlreinsoever ye shall perceive your elves to hars offended. either by will. ord. or deed, there to bewail your own irafrness: aind to confess yourself to imi'hty God. with full purpose of rIsmdent of life." Then, further on, t?e words occurred ;-"If there be any of you who, by this means, cannot quiet his own conscience therein, but requir eth further comifor or counsel, let him come to me, or some other discreet and learned minister of God's word, and m.en his grief, that by the ministry of God's holy word he may receive the benefit of absolution, together with ghostly coun sel and advice to the quieting of is con science, and avoiding of all scruple doubtfulness." In the exhortation from which he had already quoted, they were reminded heow great was the danger of receiving the Holy Communion unwor thily without due preparation. It was sometimes thought that that special clause could only refer to some unusual and terrible sin. Therewas no doubt that it did refer to something more than i the common Ignor ances and negligences and short comings of the Christian, hut they had to remember the words put into the mouth of every communi cant, "We acknowledge and be wail our manifold sins and wic kedness, which we have from time to time committed by thought, word, and deed. The remembrance of them is "grievous to us, the burden of them is in tolerable." These words are most em phatic, and showed the necessity of try ing to realise the high standard set up by Christ, "Be ye perfect," "Love the Lord with all your heart, ond - your neighbour as yourself," and how far we fall short. Further on in Ithe prayer bhook, in the part referring to the visi tation of the sick, they found the fol lowing:-'"Here shall the sick person be moved to make a special confession of his sins, is he feels his conscience trou bled with any weighty matter. After which confession,- the priest shall ab solve him, if he humbly and heartily de sire it." They should mark that the sick person was to be moved, incited to confess, if he felt his conscience trou bled, etc. Those were the words of the prayer-book. They might like those words, or they might not, but no one could say that the minister was dishon est who used the words 'he found in the prayer-book, and tried to carry out the principle. The frequency or rarity of confession must be left, first of. all, to the needs of the sinner, and, secondly, to the discretion of the sinner, and the minister to whom he spoke. He did not say that everyone required it, or that many people rzquire it often, but each case must be judged by itself. Indivi dually they were to be judged by God, and individually God must deal with all in the world. Before now the admission of a sinner to cohfession had not only com pleted his repentance, but saved him from degredation, despair, and suicide and he had seen the fruits of it in after life of peace, happiness, and holiness. After all, it is only an analogy with the work of the doctor or the lawyer. The minister no more intervened between God and the sinner than the doctor be tween God and the patient, when he or dered the remedy, which he had been taught to prescribe. The minister of the Church did not grant pardon of sins. He was simply the instrument in the hands of God. It was God alone who pardoned sin. The absolution was ministerial, like holy baptism. It was not in the name of the minister, but in the name of "the Father. Son, and Holy Ghost." The authority was distinct in such passages as St. Matthew ix., 2-6 inclusive; St. Jqhn xx., 21-23: 2 Corin thians ii., 10, and the words of the ordination service carried on the commis sion, "Receive the Holy Ghost, for the office and work of a -riest in the Church of God, now.committed to Thee by the imposition of our hands. Whose sins thou dost forgive, they are forgiven; and whose sins thou dost retain, they are retained." , Again, the act of for giving sins was ministerial. It was con ditional upon repentance. and, apart from that, it did not exist at all. They had heard of the abuse of this thing, but the abuse did not do away with the use, and whilst they heard of one 'instance of abuse, there were thousands of cases of souls relieved from a Great burden of which they heard nothing at all.. Be cause in another part of the church it was made compulsory whilst it was not so with themselves; because it was used sometimes only formally, would they therefore refuse liberty to use what was clearly written in the prayerbook and intended for those who were repentant and needed it. It was forced upon no one. Everyone might use it or leave it alone. It was there for those who needed it. They should treat the matter seriously, and not flippantly as a matter for discussion in a secular newspaper. Things might be good and right even if we individually were out of sympathy with them, and none of us was infallible. He would read to them the words of the Rev. G. H. C. Moule (to show his words were not a "party" utter ance.He was a prominentlow churchman, or he preferred, a prominent evangelical churchman, who wrote in the "Outlines of Christian Doctrine" as follows:-'"The Christian pastor, as the commissioned minister of the Word has an important absolving function, the proof of this lies in the pastoral commission generally. So far as pastoral absolution refers to the outward order of the Church the presby ter must, in a great degree, be the re sponsible guardian of order and ordin ances with the entrusted function of ad mission and exclusion to be constitution ally used. And so far as it refers to the inward sphere, to the divine nardon, the pastor, as the commissioned messeneer. Swatchman, and steward, will not only, as every Christian man and woman may and should point the burthened soul to the revealed secret of peace in the Word of God, but will announce the certainty of pardon to the true penitent with just that authority which belongs to his divinely instituted office. His ab solution, in this sense, is no more pro phetic, as regards insight into the in dividual than the private Christian's is. But he is the representative of that sac red monumental ordinance, the ministry founded by Christ himself, and that fact though it cannot make divine truth truer. in itself, can and should, and (in proportion to the man's spiritual corre spondence to his office) will make it speci ally certain to the penitent, specially tangible to faith." These words exactly expressed what he believed to be the teaching of the prayerbook and the Bible upon that important subject. In the name of the Loving Father, in the name of the Crucified Son, in the name of the Sanctifying Spirit. for the sake of the sinner in his wretchedness, he implored not to drag this sacred subject in the mire of newspaper correspondence and to pause long before they said a word which might bind the sinner's burden for ever on his back. and close the door of hope. which Christ and His church had left open. They might not need it them selves, but he besought them not to stand in the way of those who did. If they were themselves without sin. or thought they were so, they should have pity on those whose hearts were crushed with an intolerable load. for whom Jesus died on the Croas, and whom they would one day meet face to faco before the Judgment Seat of that same Jesus Christ. 