8CEAPP1E; Oil, A LITTLE ? ' jm - .STEPSON. CHAPTER XIV.— (Continued). He raised1 his hat as he pronounced the thanksgiving, but I could not echo '?It. I could not say, 'Thank God!' My heart -was throbbing with fear,, and my brain felt dazed and misty. . ? ' 'Let us go at once — at once r I cried, seizing, my brother-in-law's arm. 'Don't lose a minute, but come to Sea Lane!' ?the evening shadow's had now com -pletely; fallen, and every object seemed blurred and indistinct. The Sea Lane, so called because !it led straight down to the beach, was a narrow pathway, only fit for foobtra.vellers,' and bordered on either side by a high-, hedge and' a strip, of grass -which formed* the ?pasture- land for Mrs. Bonn's flock. But between the end of the lane and the ocean there lay a strip of sand, a 'branch or armlet ' of the sea. which was dry or otherwise, according as the tides ebbed1 and flowed ?upon the shore. But the rocky beach' intervened 'between this sand-strip and the ocean., so that there was no fear of the little punts which: were/ left there . nigh* a-nd. day being carried out 'by the retreating tide. * The village children constantly iMh: edi in the sand-strip when the tide was jigh; but, though comparatively speak ing safe, ,it .was no more so than a. lake or a large pond would be. 'It had been high water at noon that day, and!~-as Robert, and I walked side by siide down ' thd Sea Lane, I could hear the1 niiirniur ?of the retreating tide upon the 'shingles, and knew (although I did not think of i%) that the js&nd-strip; must be high and ?*y- ? ? ' ; :. . 'Dolly,' said Robert! 'presently (he had never called me by that 'name be fore), 'what -was Scrappi6 naughty about' to- day?' v / ' ,= ;. 'Tie disobeyed 'Emma, by going* into Beam's cottage,' when she had1 ordered him not to do so.' -v ?' ? ' * V; . 'I thought he had had full .liberty of 'So he has; but lliss S'eaton told us this morning that Benn's grandchildren ted the scarlet fever, and there was dan ger of infection.' '-Mass Seaton is a fool!' ' . So I told my sister, fall?,' of course, ? she 'got frightened about baby 'taking it ; y and she was. very angry with Scrapple.' 'Dora,. my dear, is that all?' , * 'I wishi you wouldn't ask- me, Robbr b. Aspk Emma yourself on your return. She . will tell you.' ' ? ' '?- ?;'??.'. 'She didn't strike BimT? ho dema'nd : ed in a stern voice. , ' Bttt I had caught sight of something in the hedge before its. ;?.?;?;??? 'Robert, what is that?' ' ( It was only one of Mrs. Benrirs goat's, ' but it seemed to distract his attention : ffoto mv answer. \ . ; -fCall Serappie, Robert; call as loud fes you can. I am getting so nervous in this dark.' ?It was .not the dark that frightened m-6; it was the unutterable fear' I felt, ?rather, I should say, the assurance, that something tewiblc had happened to the child. , It Was getting 'Very dark ; -we could fl'afdly 'distinguish' the pathway as we walked) and kejvi ? stumbling into the ?ditch on either. side of it. Far off ~ we Wuld1 see the lights of the fancy fair, \- and 'hear, - the clashing strains of, the Brass band, and the laughter and noise that accompanied' it. , But where we walked it was: veryj very idark. Robert shouted Scrappie's name, ,;as I had desired him, but there was no tfeply. The echo came round 'the. ivicdi tower of the old gray church like a mother's voice calling her child to rest, but no feebler .tones answered to the cry. All was still and sijent in the Sea Lane. 'Roibort,' I whispered at last, cling ing to him as I had -never clung before and have never clung since, ''hold me ?tight — hold me close, for I feel as. if the sand-strip were the entrance to the ^ates of Death!' ' '-\ ? i'ob ate nervous, Dora, my dear, he , in&wered;, calmly. \- ©lit one moment aTfcer calmness was igono from 'both of us. One moment after we had Surmounted the length and 'darkness of the Sea Lane, and come into view of the* retreating ocean and the tooky shore, and the cruel, cruel sand. 'sfcrip. ' ? What was' that dark object,^ distin-, guishable even in the twilight, -lying niotionless upon the centre of its sandy breast? It miglit be a goat, or a dag, or — or anything; but, actuated by the undefinable terror that had assailed me for hours pa&t;, I rushed1 up to its side, dragging my brother-in- law -with me. As we approached it, my terror turned1 to awe. ' What — what in- the name of.Hea ; 'ven was that blank, mist-lilie, cloudy form, that -rose above the fallen heap of ? nothingness, and seemed' ito keep guard ? . over it? Robert seemed to know- it. v Robert, who had never appeared to toe 'but in the earthly guise of a com taon-place, matter-of-fact, hard-working doctor, reeled back as he recognised the '. phantoini 'Lilian !' he- exclaimed, in at voice of agony, such as I hope never to hear again. ? 'Lilian, my own, my only wife, forgive me !' And, with that, fell forward prostrate on -the sand. Alarmed beyond measure, I knelt beside him, wondering what was to be the next scene of this domestic tra gedy, when, as in a moment, the moon burst out from -behind a cloud, and lit lip all surrounding objects. The pale, ghost-like form was lost. to view, but in its place — Oh, ll'eawn, that I should have to tell it — the dark, uncertain ob ject was transformed into an angel oi light. Y&s;, there on the sand lay Scrappie,— the little Scrappie I had learned1 i-o love, with the ' moonbeams irradiating hi3 dimmed face, scarcely more pale than I had; seen it last, and the bunch 'of .lilies he had taken from his mother's .grave clasped to his tender breast. .^Father and son they lay alike unconscious on the sand, and I was there alone to keep them company. And meanwhile the en livening music of the band was borne to me across the cruel breeze, and I could picture Emma in her pretty dress bowing and smiling to 'her customers across the-stall of flowers. And he' lay. (here with the bunch' ' of sodden lilies held fast to the litfle .heart that had ceased to beat and yearn for reunion with the mysterious love that would not let him linger upon earth. ,, ' Sometimes I have feared that neglect ?and palpable indifference had — 'but, no ! I' will not dream anything so horrible. I will still think (as the world does) that an unavoidable 'accident bore Scrarroie into heaven, and; believe that, if he did walk into the over-flooded sand-strip of his own accord, his anged mother .was /permitted to beckon him across, and transfer him, crowned with lily-buds of purity and innocence, from her .arms only to those of his Creator. ? , . The End. . 