MEN OF THE WO8L0. j [ j The Rev. Charles Sheldon, author of "In ' His Steps," speaking at a meeting of the! Convention of the World's Women's Christian Temperance Union at Edinburgh, askej, "Was the teaching of Jesus Christ merely visionary and ideal, or was it possible to put it into practice in daily hie'/" He proposed to apply the teaching to lour different kinds of people, viz., lawyers, doctors, business men, and journalists. Hi got leave of absence from his Church in his city, and lived a week with the lawyers, another week with the doctors,- a third with the business men, and he edited a newspaper for a week. As to the lawyer?, his general conclusion was that Christianity did not influence their lives at all, and some of the best lawyers said they did not think men in their profession could be Christians. He did not believe that. He was disappointed with his week among the doctors. They never talked about Christ; they became hardened, and talked about the human body, the "Temple oi the Holy Ghost,*' as if it were a bit of meat. He urged doctors to ennoble their profession. They should let! patients, and particularly young people, of the evils of alcohol oil the human body. Not more than half a dozen business men with whom he talked in his week with them could say that they really tried to live a Christian life in business. They said it wxs not possible. He did not believe that, though it might mean loss of money. He hated the word "success"' when applied to the success oi some business men. Successful thieves he called them. In America raen who had pews in Churches, and helped to pay the pastor's salaiy, combined to "cornel" the necessities of life. Dealing lastly with journalism, Mr. Sheldon sa'd the great want tif the age was a Christian daily paper. He denied that his essay as editor of a daily paper was a failure. His editing was meant as an object-lesson, not as an experiment. He denied that he got any profits for his work, though it had been said that he received a large sum, and declared that the circulation went up from 12,000 to 300,000 copies per day. That was net a failure. The appeal in his paper for famine-stricken India produced §50,000 in. money and GD.000 bushels of wheat. His paper had also been the ineaus of raising moiiey to build a home for consumptives. Despite reports to the contrary, the paper contained all the news that week that was worth giving. There was not- very much. (Laughter.) He had received thousands of lcttei-s promising support to a real Christian daily if he would only start- one. One day he got SSS letters. If they bad a roaJ Christian Press behind his great temperance movement they might almost -, .„ , - . -ee the millennium m a decade. 