. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 4. j The Speaker took the chair at half past 4 p.m. PAPER. The Colonial Treasurer laid on the table a copy of additional regulations Under the Beer Duty Act, 1898. QUESTIONS. Mr. WALLACE asked-(1) Whether the cyanide works at Norseman public battery are completed. (2) If so, what is their total cost. (3) What is the work aug capacity of said cyanide works. (4) Under what terms and conditions the works are carried on. The MINISTER of MINES replied 1\. Yes. 2. £1,232 I9s. ld. 3. Designed for 400 tons monthly, but subject to variations according to nature of tail- ings. 4. To" take over tailings at 27 cubic feet .to the ton. and allow 80 per cent, of assay value, less a charge of 10 shillings per ton for treatment. Mr. VOSPER asked the Colonial Trea surery-(1) Whether he recollects having promised that a referendum should be taken on the question of payment of members. (2) Whether he also remem- bered having stated, in reply to a ques- tion, that no special legislation is con- templated for this purpose. (3)If so, bow he' proposes to provide for the ex "?? mendituve entailed by such referendum. The COLONIAL TREASURER re Slied-Iv lu the Legislative Assembly on uly 19, 1899, the Premier moved : "That the question of payment of members should be referred to the electors of th« colony for an expression of their opinion at the next general election," and thc motion was carried unanimously. 2 Yes. 3. The Government intend carry- ing out this undertaking, and the ex çenditure to be incurred will be nominal ADDRESSrIN-REPLY. 'Adjourned debate : Mr. GREGORY referred to the num ¡"ber of assertions which had, he said ' ¡been made by the Premier during th< last few clays, that the Opposition hat endeavoured to delay business. He gav< «the statement a flat denial. Every effor thad been made by that side «ff the Housi ,to promote the passage of public busi »ess, and he contended that the blam< .for the delay lay with the Premier jThe object of the Opposition was no ito Helay, but to turn^ out a Governmen .¡they did not believe in, and they wouli {continue to try to do so. The Premie contended that the division the othe ¿1 alight showed that he retained the con jfiftenc* of the country, but he maintain ¡?T *d that it did not. In that division th .^ .Opposition lost the votes of the member »;i-for;North «rerth and Dundas, both e \- Arborn were absent. 1 i : The COLONIAL TREASURER : Ol Îron don't, know that. It is only speer átión. ».: Mr. GREGORY said that they also los \- Jthe member for the Swan. i\ 'The COLONIAL TREASURER : W lost some. %' Mr. GREGORY : And three membei to the other side rose and said they di bot believe in the Premier's policy, bi ibhey were determined to keep him in j W price. The members for Toodya; Iforth Fremantle, and East Kimberle aili spoke, he continued', against tl (Dolicv, bnt voted with the Governmei IbiseP them in. The Premier ali Watéd that the Opposition ; numbers ] fthe division had been increased becaui two members from his side of the House voted with them. The members bf the Opposition had grown all along the piece from the members who had crossed over from the other 6ide of the House, owing to their disgust with the Govern- ment. There was only one instance, he believed, in which a member had crossed over from the Opposition side, and that was, he thought, because the hon. member had an axe to grind, the Bonnievale railway. Mr. MORGANS ; Are there no axes to grind on that side? Mr. GREGORY was not aware of any, except it was to get on the Treasury benches, which was a very laudable one. The hon. member then referred to the electoral rolls, and said there were six 6trong suoporters who always voted for the Government, and who only repre- sented 642 electors. Mr. A. FORREST: We can't help that. It is part of the Constitution. Mr. GREGORY said the four Cool gardies, each returning a member, con- tained' 23,364 electors^ for whom four members were considered sufficient. The Premier thought by a few sops, in the shape of public works, he was going to claim the sympathy of the (roldnolds, but he would find he could not buy their votes, and that they wanted pro fier representation, proper electoral Bws, payment of members, and a democratic policy, end until they got, that the Premier would receive very little sympathy from the fields. Ho condemned' the electoral laws, which re- quired six months' registration before an elector could vote. The COLONIAL TREASURER : It is the same as in South Australia. Mr. GREGORY said what was wanted was that there should be a system of electors' rights, by which a man in the colony for 12 months could obtain one of these rights, say a month before an election. They also wanted the aboli- tion of plural voting, which was contrary to the principle of national representa- tion. The COLONIAL TREASURER : lt is the same in England. Mr. WOOD : And in Victoria. Mr. GREGORY- said the question of payment of members had been decided in the Mouse, and he urged upon the Government to bring in a Bill dealing with it this session, otherwise they would find their hands forced. An at- tempt had been made by the Premier to throw a sop to the Labour Party by giving them the Conciliation and Arbi- tration Bill, and he had stated that the Opposition were going to do their best to prevent it from becoming law. If the Labour Party desired to obtain the slightest scintilla of power in the House, how were they to get it except by pay- ment of members? Last session the Premier had opposed a motion b" him- self for limiting the day for working underground in mines to eight hours, but when it was shown to the right hon. gentleman that he would place nis sup porters in a false position he climbed ] down. The Premier had also turned , over one of his old colleagues, whom he had praised. He (Mr. Gregory) did not j agree with the late Minister on the sub- ject of the recognition of the associa- j tions, which, he thought, ought to be j recognised. It had been said that the Opposition objected to the pubUc works policy of the Government. They did j object to the gross extravagance in the departments. Referring to the railway management, he said that on the Eal- j goorlie-Boulder line the system of issu- j ing tickets was bad. The Government i were being robbed by their employees. ! The COLONIAL TREASURER : i Surely not. ! Mr. MORGANS : What would the j railway employees say to that? Mr. GREGORY said the Government j had tried its best to coerce members on both sides by the intimidation of a dis solution, lt was their practice tb dis- : tribute sops on the eve of elections. Mr. MORGANS : Does the Opposition want to get into power for that pur- pose, to distribute these sops ? Mr. GREGORY : No. We desire to get there as a protest against the prac- j tice. The COLONIAL TREASURER: You j do protest, too much. (Laughter.) Mr. GREGORY said that that was what he had often thought when he had heard the right hon. -gentleman boast- ing of his honours. In regard to the Perth Ice Company frauds, he desired to state, in justice to the hon. member for West Kimberley, that he had been in- formed that that gentleman, immedia- i tely he heard of the disclosures, at- tempted to discharge the manager of the company. (Hear, hear.) He was foiled, and he at once withdrew from the company. He (Mr. Gregory) did not think that the late Commissioner of Railways or the member for West Elim- j berley would haye had anything to do with such nefarious transactions ; but he blamed the Premier for condoning ' the offences. He knew che Premier had : done it out of good nature, and with a desire to help those who had supported him in the past. Hon. Members : Oh 1 The COLONIAL TREASURER: Not at all. Mr. GREGORY said that action should hare been taken in public court, j He deprecated the unseemly haste with which the matter had been closed up on the day that Parliament met. Mn A. BAREST: The company could not find the money to pay up. j That was tho reason they left it so bite. Mr. GREGORY said that a railway official who was suspected' of having given information to the hon. member ¡ for East Fremantle had been, dismissed. Mr. MORGANS : Quite right. \ Mr. GREGORY said that other offi- cials who were aiders and abettors in the frauds had been allowed to continue in the service, and would probably be promoted. He hoped that the Indus- trial Conciliation and Arbitration Bill would be made' to apply ' to all Government institutions. A Police Commission had been'demanded by the House last session,.but the Pre I mier did not 6ee fit to have it, BO it was I not appointed. He would have liked to have seen, some reference made to tho desirability of constructing the trans continental railway. He thought that the Government should introduce a mea- sure to make provision for tho upkeep of the hospitals on a moro equitable htm», so that one wait of tho colony would not be compelled to pay for UH ltosj»il«!s whilst another part received hospHii) HO* commodation free. Thero «'«« «no» Jw thing ho would Uko to nay, mid that waa that the total OOH!, ol' tin* production of all departmental roturnu mw) IMIJIHIB should be print od on., tho fuoo of thuin, He would like to soo ti Koloot tloiiintille» to deal with tho Pori li ICM Oonmmty frauds and tho Nullagine Rewind Claim, Referring to (ho linn HOON of tin» colony, he said timi it w/i.s «JIIÍDNI iinjxmslldn to get a proper Ntutomont of tho ilnunnhil iiositjon of tito colony from tho Pmnlw. [t appeared to him that to narry out. (hg works nt present atitiioHN**^ would lo» crease tho colony'ri total loan imloliloil noss to £14,A0(),(HM), and int wanted tim assurance af tho Premier that it wa« not so, or toll tho Hourn* wlin( nmoiiiit would bo required to carry out, tlunu» work«. He wanted to know, also, 'when tho work* nt present, iiuUionMed would ho completed. They were told that tho Cooigardio waler «chorno would be soon finished, and yet they learned that of tho total cost of £2,500,000, only £000,000 had been expended. Could not tho engineer "who gave such close and detailed estimates of the cost of machi- nery, etc., givo somo idea when tho scheme would be completed P Out of the loan authorisation ot £7,780,000. there had been raised £7,611,848, leaving £268,152 to carry out some £3,000,000 of works. ? They were told, too, that the Premier had £979,000 in hand, but he would like to knowhow much of that was represented by stores, and how much was applicable to the carrying out of the work. In addition, there was a sum of £966,000, which had been reappropriated from works authorised bv the 1896 Par- liament, and he wished and wanted to know if that would be available" for the completion of the works already autho- rised to the extent of £3,000,000 or £4,000,000. The Opposition must pro- j -test until the Premier took them into his confidence. When he did that, per- haps the Opposition would retract some ¡ of the hard things which had been said j about the Premier's policy. ¡ Mr. MORGANS : Hear, hear. Every- thing is alright. Mr. MORAN : The second Treasurer ] says everything is alright. (Laughter.) i The COLONIAL TREASURER Bard that he rose at that stage to give some information to hon. members in regard to tile financial position of the colony, about which they were so much con- cerned. As far as he could gather from the speeches of Mr. Illingworth, Mr. j Wilson, Mr. Harper, and Mr. Moran, the action they had taken in supporting the motion, that the House had no longer an- confidence in its Ministers, had been j actuated by the belief that the finances of the colony were in an unsatisfactory j condition. 'It was a very serious matter, i and if hon. members really believed that ] the colony was in a difficult financial ! position, or likely to be soon, j there could be no more im- ' portant question. He thought some other means rather than those taken should have been adopted to obtain in- formation with regard to the matter. The demand for the instant dismissal of the Ministry on account of the unsatis- factory condition of the finances would do no good to the people of the colony, j Mr. WILSON : Why did you not give us the information? The COLONIAL TREASURER said that it was the hon. member's duty to ask information before he made a speech that went forth to the whole of Australia and the whole world that the finances of the colony were in an unsatisfactory con- dition, doing not only the colony, but the member himself harm. Mr. WILSON: The statements were, taken from your own figures. The COLONIAL TREASURER said that he was glad that he was able to overcome such a quickly-concerted at- tack. Mr. WILSON: It took you all your time. The COLONIAL TREASURER said those attacks were not based upon know- ledge. As they had had a trial of strength, he hoped they would now get on with the business of the country, be- cause they had plenty to do and very little time to do it in. It was not the fear as to the financial position of the colony and the desire for economy that were the reasons that had actuated the action of hon. members in opposing the Government. If those members were earnestly desirous of preventing public works being proceeded with solely on economical grounds, they .might and would have taken a different course. But, without asking for information and without knowledge, they had set themselves to work to displace the Go- vernment. There would have been plenty of opportunities during the ses- sion of dealing with the various items of expenditure as they would arise. Mr. MOKAN: Oh, oh! That is a political dodge. The COLONIAL TREASURER said there would hare been such opportuni- ties, and if the House in its wisdom thought that any work proposed by the Government was unnecessary and unde- sirable to be undertaken at the present time, they would have an opportunity of saying so. It would be for the Go- vernment then, as it always had been, to take the course which it might think fit to take in regard to any action of the House; but if members' desire-was the economical administration of affairs, it would take a good deal of argument) to .convince him that the course they had taken waB the only one and tue ri^ht one to take. Hon. members opposite knew that they were in a minority in the House. They always had been in a' minority, he was glad to say. They only numbered 14 votes. ' Mr. ILLINGWORTH : We once only numbered three. The COLONIAL TREAS ii âlîtt. Then I you have gpt on since then, icu ere, iiowover, very weak Btiii. Mr. ILLING WORTH. W hy Y Tho COLONIAL rUtiAtfUUER: ße-! cutíais tim }>(ioj>lo havo no faull m you. (Hear hew, mnl liiugbtcr.j Continuing, ! Um (Joloninl Trejumor Haid that hon. nmniltein had tried to y*sl thu assistance of muna wernher* tm tho Government Milu oil tim Jioute, aud, although bc did uni. wish <o fcwy ««yihifíg diwospeetful ol tim two loefliWe who Cud voted with »li« tfopobif.JoH, yet Im HI «Kt say that it I npimtMw) in it i MI to hü vu ham a very un- holy MJO'IMMO*, Tim quotion of Fcdera I liol) lool Impo iotmoioil into the debate. Tim two Mmuilw* to whom ho had re I fum-A ww* »oli-if«d»»i'itH«t», who had ! omtilidly Mid nt-ralftliM'orwsrdiy fought ! HMÍIHÍ ifpÚM'ttlUm, Hot because he (Um (Johnita) 'JVfiRflorcr) did not exaotly tn li« Iii« Mutt* wurw ott that occasion, tlio&M; t wo OISOIIHOR fcüí'iuud to desire on (lita ooc/isloH lo support those who were milly lb« hoad and front of tho Federal ninvciiiniit. Mr, MOHAN ; That never entered into our consideration for a moment. Tho COJiONtAL TREASURER : At any rote you do it. Mr. MORAN : You know you are un- fair. Stick to thc financed. Tho COLONIAL TREASURER said when the history of tho Federal move- ment come to he written in this colony, if bi» attitude were carefully referred to it would never be said of him that he hac1 deviated from tho straight path of the Federalists, except in the direction of trying to get better terms. Mr. MORAN : It all depends on who writes the history. "(Laughter.) The COLONIAL TREASURER said the on!- thin? that could be said about him was that having been a Federalist since 1888, and having attended the Fe- deral Conventions, and having signed the document of the Premiers' Conference, he, on his return to this colony, tried, in the interests of his friends and of the country, to get better terms. That was all that he had done, and having failed to eet better terms-a failure which, to a large extent, was due to the action of members opposite-fae had returned to the oath which he had justly deviated from in the-'interests of the country. Then he found his two friends, Mrr-Har per and Mr. Moran, who were anti-Fede- ralists to the backbone Mr. MORAN : No. Federalists just like vou. (Laughter.) The COLONIAL TREASURER said that they found those members a few* weeks later associated with the members opposite, members who had done a great deal towards winning Western Austra- lia for Federation. One would have thought at any rate that if Mr. Moran and Mr. Harper held that he had sinned a little bit in advocating Federation,, they would have given him credit for good intentions, and of not being such a sinner as the hon. members opposite, who as he had jointed out had worked for Fe- deration. Mr ..MORAN: You had more power e long way. The COLONIAL TREASURER said the member for Beverley had lost confi- dence in him because he would not fol- low him in the matter of Federation. H« (the Colonial Treasurer), however, had not found himself in the position in which the hon. member now found him- self-that of being in a hopeless mino- rity. The Uttle Cave of Adullam had given a lot of trouble, and the hon. mem- ber (Mr. Harper) had received a good deal of assistance from Mr. Moran. Those members had joined with those who had opposed and insulted the agricultural in- terests of the colony for years past. He was surprised at the action of the two members, and that tbev were so blind as not to see that the Opposition were making use of them for their own pur- poses. Mr. ILLINGWORTH : Have not you made use of them? The COLONIAL TREASURER said the two members would see where their action would lead them to if they per- sisted in it. Mr. HARPER: There is an "if" there. The COLONIAL TREASURER said it appeared to him that possibly an agreement had been arrived at by the Opposition and the two members to the effect that if Mr. Moran would support the Opposition in the vote of last week they would give him support when Mr. Moran's motion came on for discussion. Mr. MORAN asked if the Colonial Treasurer was in order in referring to a motion that was not before the House. The SPEAKER : I do not think there is any harm in referring to it, but I do not think it should be discussed. The COLONIAL TREASURER : I am not out of order. Mr. MORAN: Don't discuss the mo- tion then. The COLONIAL TREASURER point- ed out that if the Opposition were going to support Mr. Moran's motion, which said that owino- to the great alteration* in the constitutional life of the colony the financial resources of the colony would be adversely affected, they would be acting not altogether in accord with their, advocacy of Federation, and their action would be difficult of explanation to the electors. He could hardly think that the Opposition would be so foolish. Mr. GREGORY: The condition was never made." The COLONIAL TREASURER : You are not the Leader of the Opposition \--{laughter)-and until you are you have no Tight to sneak for your party Mr. MORAN (to the Colonial Trea- surer).:. You have said that it would ad- versely affect the interests of the co l0The COLONIAL TREASURER: WhenP ' Mr. MORAN : Thousands of times. The COLONIAL TREASURER said that, at the same time, he did not be- lieve that Federation would for any length of time, and certainly not for a.. year or two, adversely affect the finances of tile colony. Mr. ILLINGWORTH : You said just the contrary then. The COLONIAL TREASURER said that the Opposition would not support Mr. Moran in his motion. It would be a disgrace to any political combination of men if. after advocating Federation with all their strength, they should sup nprt such a resolution as the outcome of the cause they had supnorted. Mr. MORAN : How do you know the motion is going to be moved? The COLONIAL ilí,.tíASlj UkR said that he would not be surprised if the motion was withdrawn. Although the hon. member had been lea into tnai trap, the Ornosition would desert him. They would not carry out the bargain that was Mí. MORAN: What about these figures? The COLONIAL TREASURER said I that the hon. member for Beverley had lost confidence in him. He asked why? Because of his (the Colonial Treasurer's) action in regard to Federation? He asked the hon. member if anyone be- lieved that the existing duties on pro- duce would have lasted longer without Federation than with it. The great cry of the producers who were anti-Federal- ists was that the removal of the duties would be adverse to their interests. Mr. HARPER : And loss of revenue. The COLONIAL TREASURER said that loss of revenue had nothing to do with it. The farmers only looked at the matter as. it affected their interests, not as it affected the public Treasury. Mr. MORAN: That is rough on them. The COLONIAL TREASURER said that he did not care for that. Everyone did the same. ' People were practical, and looked at matters as they affected their own interests to a large extent. He asked, would the duties nave been continued without Federation? Mr. HARPER: There is no chance now. The COLONIAL TREASURER said that there was a chance, and it was tin members he saw around him on that side of the House who would help to maintain those duties. They would not run away. Mr. HARPER: You will run away from them yourself. The COLONIAL TREASURER said he was pledged to see that the duties were retained. If it had not been for the strength of the party which he re- presented in that House, the duties would have gone long ago. The Oppo- sition had made its platform freetrade, and Mr. Moran, who was a protectionist, and Mr. Harper, who represented the farmers, who were opposed to freetrade, had allied themselves with the Opposi- tion. Mr. HARPER said that they could not trust the Premier. The COLONIAL TREASURER : That is more rude than'just. Mr. MORAN : It does not matter how rude you are. Be just ; you cannot help h finar rmi ct. The COLONIAL TREASURER said that the producers of the colony had a right that the rest of the colony should keep faith to the letter with regard to the duties, until they finally disappeared in the terms of the Commonwealth Bill. In the Federal campaign Mr. Harper had told the people that ne was willing to forego the duties on everything but flour, wheat, and chaff. All tho rest could go by the board. His own district, which produced those articles, would be pro- tected, and the rest could go. Did nar- rowness and self-interest ever go so far? He defied anyone to say they ever heard of anything so selfish. The hon. mem- ber had not advocated the interest of the farmer .but of bis own constituency. Mr. HARPER: Is Beverley the only I constituency where wheat is grown? The COLONIAL TREASURER : Your own and others like it where wheat is grown. Continuing, he said that Mr. Harper might have been misguided, but he had certainly acted foolishly in the interests of the farmers and producers of the colony. He did not propose to reply in detail to the statements of the hon. member for East Fremantle with regard to the Railway Department. Mr. MONGER : It would take a year. The COLONIAL TREASURER said that if the hon. member were in earnest in his desire for pure administration, he would give the hon. member a Select Committee. Great injury was done in this way to the servants of the department, and to the public also. .Members of Parliament, if they had great privileges, had also great responsibilities. The Parliament.of this country should not, without great care and under great emergency, be used to take away the characters of people or libel them. Thes.e charges went oroad cast throughout the colony, and per- haps did irremediable damage to good, honorable servants, Looking * at the question from a public service point of view, the official might be injured in a vital spot. Public officers had only their good name 5 their reputation for honour and inteenty. Mr. MONGER: And the man who makes all these dirty remarks is absent from hiB seat. The COLONIAL TREASURER said Mr. _ Holmes had made some most in- sulting, disgraceful charges and obser- vations in regard to the accounts of the Treasury, all of which could ba, easily explained away, and were altogether un- deserved. The hon. member might have asked questions'in the House, obtained the. information, and based his charges on those answers; but he did not do that. "Fools rushed in where angels feared to tread." (Laughter.) The hon. member rushed in with a financial state- ment, and wanted to make out, in com- mon parlance, that the Government had "cooked" the account*. The accounts were published quarterly, and at the end of every year exactly in the same form. There was no difference whatever be- tween the quarterly and yearly account?. Mr. Hohnes had referred to £16,460 which was shown as a credit to the Trea I Bury. He had jumped to the conclu- sion that the amount should have been I paid in June, whereas it was shown as a credit to the Treasury. The hon. mem 1 ber could not understand why it should bav« *een à credit. If he had gone u .ny,Pank, or to anyone accustomed tj keep euch accounts, he would have beer told how it happened. This "£16,460 £*3Slas,£er Äaitoayß," waa money paw i* . Treasury by the end of June, ano whicn had not been recouped to th« lïeasury. Therefore, it was a credit tc the Treasury. If they looked througt the public accounts for many years back they would see this same item from tim« to time. It represented the last fort nights pay of the year, which last yeai . was not charged for the year. Thc reason was that there was always som« overlapping of public accounts. The Government received a vote to pay the wages of these men for the year, and they paid those wages. Last year he had had a deficit to deal with, and he had not wanted to pay anything that he was not bound to pay. If they paid 52 weeks' wages in the year in every de tartment, did anyone want them to pay 4 weeks in that year? For years and years they had always carried over these two weeks. Until he had a lot of money ni the Treasury, he was not going to pay : ? more than 52 weeks' wages in a year, and certainly not in a year in which he was confronted with £250,000 of a deficit. In regard to the gold purchased at the iaris Exhibition (£12,877) that, pf course, was shown as a credit. If they sold the'gold, they would recoun them- selves. The £22,167 to the contingents wa» shown to the credit of the Govern- ment. They had paid out that amount and had not received back the vouchers. Th's Government had paid all the money allocated Dy the House; but this was additional, and not allocated. A great deal of it belonged to the Imperial Go- vernment, and tiie accounts had just now, he believed, been concluded. Out , of the amount, a sum of £13,000 was claimed from the Imperial Government, V and the other would be paid monthly throughout the year until the contin- gent was finished. Hon. members seem- ed to think that the Treasury was so elastic that it could pay £30,000 or £50,000 without a vote on a matter that had never been before the Legislature. His idea was that that was too much for any Treasury. They must distribute it ¡ over the year. The'main reason why ' this was not paid was because there was onlv £8,000 or £9,000 which belonged to them. The balance was to the Imperial Govern- ments which they would be recouped. These matters, to which Mr. Holmes re- ferred, were matters which occurred every day in their accounts. It showed the recklessness of the hon. member when he got up and made charges which were wild and rsnd*ftn.v He re- flected on everyone's "integrity and ho- nour, and while making these terrible charges against officers of long stand* ing, experience, and probity, he laughed alf the while, as if "it were a good joke. He thought it a splendid thing-a laugh . ing matter-to try his best to take aw.ay the characters of good, honest people. (Hear, hear.) It showed that the hon. member was an uneducated man. and that he had allowed an uneducated mind to run riot. (Laughter.) It would do bim a great deal more good if he tried to learn something of the world and of the civilities and the courtesy common amonest men of the present day. M.rT VOSPER: Who wrote thatP (Laughter.) The COLONIAL TREASURER: The hon. member will read it perhapB in the newspapers. Mr. ILLINGWORTH : It is not a very good school, you know, this one. Mr. WILSON : He has caused a lot of discussion, anyway. The COLONIAL TREASURER said he now came to the part of his remarks which perhaps would be more interest- : ing, to the people of this colony at least. ¡ The object of the Opposition, - as pro- j claimed by its leader, and also the ob- i ject of his hon. friends who sat on the Government side, the hon. members for Beverley and East Coolgardie, was to prevent the continuance of the public works policy at the "present time. Mr. MORAN: Absolutely wrong I never said anything of .the kind. The COLONIAL TREASURER.- That is the outcome of the motion. Mr. MORAN. It 'only leaves you about £3,000,000 to do yet. The COLONIAL TREASURER said the hon, member was opposed to the carrying out of any new public works. " Mr.MORAN: Yes. The COLONIAL TREASURER said that there were only two or three works that the hon. member was opposed to, if he said that the Goomalling railway works were sufficiently commenced (though the people would want it car- oled Further than was authorised at Eresent). There were only three works, e repeated. Mr. MORAN: Five. The COLONIAL .TREASURER: The Leonora, nannine, and Norseman rail- ways. What are the other two? Mr. MORAN: The Perth water scheme. ^ The COLONIAL TREASURER: It ls not submitted yet. Mr. MORAN: Don't talk about it, then. You are only bluffing the coun- try. The COLONIAL TREASURER : "What is the other? Mr. MORAN: The Fremantle dock. ? . The COLONIAL TREASURER said that he would not admit that the Gov- ernment intended to carry out the Perth water scheme this session. They would consult hon. members about it. He ? wanted to point hon. members to the . -works-that they did not want carried «nfc. »? " Mr. MORAN : That is your game. The COLONIAL TREASURER said these were tho Leonora, Nannine, " and Norseman railways, and the Fremantle dock. fie was obliged to the member for East . Coolgar jue and the members opposite, for they were now on safe ground. Ho : wished to say that all these works bid : -heen authorised and approved by both j^louseB of Parliament. Mr. MORAN : No, they have not. Iho Norseman bets' not. . The COLONIAL TREASURER beg ged tiie hon. member's pardon. The hon. member was quite right. All the others had. however. He thought this was a valuable piece of information that he had from the hon. member for East Coolgardie, and, no doubt, the reasons which animated the member for Beverley were the same. Perhaps the member for Central Murchison would tell them what he had in bis mind. Mr. ILLINGWORTH: We want an- other Government to carry them out. The COLONIAL TREASURER : That would mean delaying the works till 1901 or 1902. Mr. WILSON: Who has kept* the Nannine railway back for five years? The COLONIAL TREASURER said he supposed the present Government. He was willing to take the responsibility for that, but he did not wish to keep it back any longer, ii hon. members wanted to keep it back further, they must take the responsibility. Mr. ILLINGWORTH : Will you take the responsibility up to date? The COLONIAL TREASURER would up to the beginning of this session. He did not believe the hon. members had been actuated by any desire for economy. That was only a political subterfuge, and was mixed up with disappointment and chagrin on the part of lus friend the member for Beverley with* regard to Fe- deration. They must have a scapegoat for all the 6ins of the Federalists, and, instead of blaming those who had, per- haps, just as much responsibility as him- self m that matter, they made him the scapegoat, and put all the 6ins on his shoulders, and 6ent him forth into the wilderness. _ Mr. GEORGE (with mournful impres- siveness) : Ichabod, Ichabod, thy. glory -has departed 1 (Laughter.) An Hon. Member : Where is that fromP Mr. GEORGE: Shakespeare. (Laugh- ter.) The SPEAKER : Order ! I The COLONIAL TREASURER said I the Government had been much misrep 1 resented about these works. There »was ! reallv only one work in their programme, the Norseman railway- and that had . been assented to by tue Assembly which had not been apnroyed by both I Houses. Had this been a Genuine ino ' tion, the hon. members would not have made the speeches they did but would have dealt with the matters on their merits, as thev had AV right to do, as their came before them. Another thing, they did not want these works io be par- ticularised, and to incur the odium of voting aorainst the Nannine railway. The member for North Coolgardie did not want to vote against tue Leonora rail- way. Mr. ILLINGWORTH : Was it not ail constitutional proceeding? | The COLONIAL TREASURER: You can ask questions presently. That, he continued was-the reason why the mem- bers of the "Opposition wanted to defeat the Government on the general issue,*' the motion of no-confidence. They knew the country would resent it, as the fields were doing now. He should be able to show that the colony was in a sound -and flourishing condition. . The task he had before him that night, and he should Í presently ask the Speaker to leave the Chair so that he might come back to his j task refreshed-(laughter)-was not to show that the colonv was insolvent, but ¡ that it was quite solvent, and that we did not owe any money at all. . (Laugh- ter.) Mr. ILLINGWORTH:- Then we will co for the transcontinental railway The COLONIAL TREASURER- said when he had done that he would be quite ready to hear the criticisms of hon. members. The Speaker left the Chair at half-past 6 p.m. t The Speaker resumed the Chair at half-past 7 p.m. The COLONIAL TREASURER (re- suming) said he would like to refer to the works the construction of which the Opposition and Mr. Moran and Mr. i Harper opposed. First of all, there was the Leonora railway, for which I £60,000 had been passed last year. That work could be put in hand almost im- mediately, and it was justified by the importance of the district it would serre. It was the second goldfield of the colony, and the importance of the district they would recognise when he told them that from Menzies to the north and the east the telegrams despatched over the wires i were at the rate of 186,000 a year, and the revenue derived from them at the rate of over £5,000 a year. Then there were the Nannine railway, authorised in 1896, and the Norseman railway, both of which works they wished to shelve. There was also the Fremantle dock, and certain works in the Kalgoorlie dis- trict which hon. members held ought not to be gone on with. He wanted to go on with that. "The loop line round about the Boulder Mr. MORAN : That is not one of the four. _ The COLONIAL TREASURER; It is one of ours. Mr. MORAN: It is one of ours, too, perhaps. The COLONIAL TREASURER: You don't know your own minds. Continu- ing, he said that when they came to any particular item the opponents were not there at ali. There was the' water supply. Mr. MORAN : I call that all a bluff. The COLONIAL TREASURER said that if there was one thing which de- manded attention, it was a proper water supply for Perth and Fremantle. Mr. MORAN:. Yon said you would not touch that. .^The COLONIAL TREASURER said if air. Moran kept on interrupting, he r _ -- -- ~. - proper water supply. Yet Mr. iMoran would not touch it, and would not have a Select i Committee to inquire into it. They] [ did not object to tba Fremantle Harbour ' Works being gone on with. Mr. ILLINGWORTH : We cannot stop it. The COLONIAL TREASURER: Yes. j you can. ! Mr. MORAN : The British public | could soon stop it. j The COJUONIAL TREASURER said that if the House did not want the works gone on with, they could be easily | stopped. Then there was £20,000 for ! the lighthouse on the Fish Rock. Mr. i Moran did not want that gone on with. Mr. MORAN : Not if you have not got, the money. The COLONIAL TREASURER: Now you are on another tack. Mr. MORAN : That is the tack we Vi av A -anne on. The COLONIAb TREASURER said that now he would come to the financial Soßition of the colony. He felt that he ad a right to1 some consideration in that matter, after managing the affairs of the colony for ten years. If he had not managed them so long, he would', after the wail of the members for East Coolgardie and Beverley Mr. VOoPER : Not like the Bunbury whale, s (Laughter.) The COLONIAL TREASURER: And the member for East Fremantle, feel that it was time to do something. (Hear,., hear.)" If, he continued, they excluded from the public -debt of the colony the £86,000 borrowed by th» Agricultural Bank, and £44,538 borrowed by the Land Purchase Board, which were se- cured uron mortgage of properties and paying interest Mr. VOSPER : What are the debts due by the whole colony? The COLONIAL TREASURER said that those he had' mentioned were self supporting assets. Except those debts, which were not public debts, except that they were secured upon the public re- venue of the colony, the public debt of Western Australia on June 30 last was £11,297,479. However, the Govern- ment had in hand some £900,000 from loans, and £280,000 in bind they had purchased from the Great Southern Railway Company-(laughter)-which they "were disposing of, and' which were charged in the public accounts at, £¿»00,000, but some had been oaid off ' since it was entered in the books. There were over 2,000,000 acres pur- chased. That was a reproductive asset. Mr. MORAN : What about the other land? The COLONIAL TREASURER, said that that land had been purchased, and it. was a reproductive investment, so that, after taking credit for those items on June 30, the debt of the colony was, in round numbers, £10,000,000, or £55 per head of the population. Mr. MORAN : That is what you are paying interest On, you mean? The COLONIAL TREASURER said that he was not dealing with that at ali. The railways of the colony, on June 30, were valued at £7,000,000. That was what had been paid for them, and it equalled £40 per head of the population. Those railways were self-supporting. They paid working expenses, and inte- rest and sinking fund, and more than that, they contributed in some measure to the general revenue. That accounted for £40 out of the £55 per head of the whole public debt of the colony. There~ had been already expended on the Fre- mantle Harbour Works and the Cool- gardie Water Scheme, roughly, about £l,400,tA/0, or about £8 per head. Those works were not self-supporting at the present time, but they were under- taken on the,basis of being self-support- ing. That amounted to £8 uer head, and all the other works they had construct- ed amounted - to £7 per head, or a |sum equal to a charge of 5s. per head per annum. That would be the burden of the colony as soon as the Fremantle Harbour Works and the Coolgardie Water Scheme were self-supporting. Mr. VOSPER : What is the total va- lue of the assets? The COLONIAL TREASURER : What Mr. VOSPER : The assets you men- tioned against the debts. The COLONIAL TREASURER: About £7,000,000. Mr. VOSPER Have you a customer P The COLONIAL TREASURER said that he could get one if he* wanted one. ¡ The population of the colony had increa- sed in the past year by about 10,000 peo- { pie. Supposing the public debt in- creased at the rate of one million per annum during the next three years, which he thought was not improbable after all the works they hail in hand were completed. the debt would be £14/000,000. Surely they might expect during the time those works were going on the population would increase, so that they would have a population of 210,000 or 200,000 at the lowest estimate. The cost of the railways at that time would have amounted to £8,000,000. They would be self-supporting then as they were w»w. The Coolgardie Water Scheme, the Fremantle Harbour Works and the dock perhaps would be self-sup- porting, so that there would be £12,000,000 of the loan money self-sup- porting, and £2,000,000 not self-support- ing. That meant that the burden on the people of the colony would be only in respect of the non self-supporting £2,000,000. which would be equal to a charge of 7s. per annum per head of the population. Mr VOSPER« We have seen those statements by the Premiers of the other colonies, and they were all false. The COLONIAL TREASURER said that he desired to get on, and they could deal with his statements when they saw them in cold, print. There was "never a time in its history that the country was in a sounder condition. After 10 years no additional taxation had been placed upon the «eople. The taxation had been reduced to the extent of £500,000, with a splendid revenue of two and three Îuarter million pounds in round mun- ros. They had over a million in cash in the Treasury. Mr» MORAN * For what? i The COLONIAL TREASURER : You look in the public 'accounts. - Mr. MORAN: You count stores as cash, then. The COLONIAL TREASURER : No. I say in coin. - - Mr. MORAN : You are counting Sav- ings Bank funds., The COLONIAL TREASURER: 3 am counting those funds, certainly. Mr. MORAN : Thev are not yours. The COLONIAL TREASUREfi snid that he used them if he liked. There was £1,200,000 in cash in the Treasury on June 30. The record of the past 10 years was something for everyone in that House and the country to be proud cf, instead of the carping criticism co which they were subjected year after year. While considering the liabilities they should also look at their assets. They had reproductive, self-supoorting assets, and he was not «-oing to allow the public debt to be called a burden on the coun- try. Did he understand that the Oppo- sition and the hon. member for East Coolgardie were opposed to the Govern- ment purchasing the Midland railway on reasonable terms? Mr. MORAN: Yes. Absolutely. j Mr. ILLINGWORTH : It depends on i the price. I The COLONIAL TREASURER: If j you are in a state of insolvency why buy ! anything? There is no reason why we should not buy the line if we can make it pay. (Hear, 'bea*.) I want to know if my friends are opposed to this project; 'Mr. MORAN: Buying now, yes. The COLONIAL TREASURER said the hon member was the farmer's friend, yet he Was opposed to this project for settling the people on the land. Mr. MORAN: You are talking un- truths now. (Laughter.) The COLONIAL TREASURER (laughing) : You must not get annoyed. You criticised me, and I am criticising you now. Mr. MORAN : I am sorry for you. I don't like to see you making a fool of yourself. (Laughter.) The COLONIAL TREASURER said that when the terms for the purchase of tho line got down to a reasonable basis they would not find bim afraid to come to the House with a 'recommendation if he thought the country could afford it, and that the line would pay. OHear, hear.) The Fremantle dock was an ab- solute necessitv. He pointecLto the his- tory of the past tb show that hon. mem- bers had not been afraid to embark on loans. The Opposition had always adop- ted the policy of calculating that the country owed the money before it spent it. The £7,000,000 authorised in 1896 had been borrowed, and no disaster had resulted. Their prosperity had in- creased, the population had._? in- creased, and large towns .had arisen where the kangaroo (and very little of him) had roamed at large. (Laughter.) All he could say was, that if they were to look forward now to the population decreasing and the public debt increas- ing, that we were to do nothing, spend nothing, or build railways, he said let them await their doom, and let it come unon them as they were, and not stir hand or foot to open up the country or do anything. The population increased 10,000 last year, and he saw no reason why it should not increase another 10,000 this year, because it was the best coun- try of the group, and if Federation was to break down all barriers and unite them, they might fairly expect all the good things his friend had foretold, and which he hoped would come to pass. Were they to go on in such a way that the height of their aspirations was to have only 180,000 people alone to inhabit the territory of Western Australia? Surely they looked forward to the coun- try being peopled by a large number of their countrymen. from England and Eastern Australia* Were they, with all these advantages, to act as if they had no confidence in their gold mines being permanent, and as if _they had no faith in their country with its resources ? Mr MORAN. Tell us about the pro- bable revenue under Federation and about the loss of revenue. The COLONIAL TREASURER said it was an extraordinary thing that he should hare to stand up as the represen- tative of the goldfields in this country, which were represented by 6ix members of their own. These members were op- posing the lines which were designed to open up the auriferous resources of the country, to assist that industry which had made us what we were, and had been the backbone of the country, at the pre- sent time, not forgetting the great agri- cultural industry. But the gold mining industry was in shackles and chains, and could not prosper unless it had this com- munication, and here he was standing up and trying to get this great desideratum, and these six members said they did not want them. Mr. OATS : No. The COLONIAL TREASURER said ought it not to be the other way- . that he, charged by the people of the country with the finances of the country -to keepit solvent-as he had done for the last 10 years-would be careful and not anxious to do these works, and that these six members would try to force his hand and make him do what they thought would be to the advantage of the country P But it was not so, and he stood there as the mouthpiece of the goldfields, asking the House to give them the facilities they desired, which formed their . life-blood. and he regretted to say that he was opposed by those who had been specially Bent to the House to assist and promote and support the interests of the goldfields. Mr. ILLINGWORTH : They will turn ns all out at the next election. The COLONIAL TREASURER: I don't care whether they turn you out or ! in. (Laughter.) Ii, he continued, he was asking them to do an unreasonable thing, to undertake some great work that would not pay, but would land the country in debt and bring disaster upon l it. it would be a different thing. But what was he asking them to do? He was urging them to give these mines means of transit, not for those who would go -there, but for the people «hot were there, and who were doing their duty to the people of this country. Ho was pleading for these railways in th» interests of the farmers of the country,; in the interests of the towns of tea country, in the interests of Perth and Fremantle-because they were as much interested in these railways being sent» forward as the people on the heida themselves, because every mile of rail- way extended on the fields meant more men employed there, and more markets for AvorrtiiiiKr nrndiicp.it. Mr. ILLINGWORTH : They are all agricultural railways. (Laughter). The COLONIAL TREASURER : That is what I told them at Kalgoorlie. It; is strange how two great men think alike. (Laughter.) How, he asked, could they go wrong iu advocating rail- ways that would pay ? He could say, that if such ideas as seemed to permeate the minds of the Opposition and of the two hon. members ne had referred to had influenced them in 1891, when they. . embarked on loan expenditure with their population less than 50,000, and added £27 per head to their public debt, or ia 1896, when they added £55 per head to their public debt, they would not have made the progress which they now saw. The same objections as were raised now were heard then, and there were just as many people afraid. Mr. MORAN: You were a sovereign State then. The COLONIAL TREASURER: It is all Federation then. You tell that to. Îour frignds, the Federalists, over there. P, he continued, they had "had those ideas in 1896, where would they be now ?, Thosa arguments had always been used. With the evidence before them of the re- sults achieved he could only come to one conclusion, that if anyone in the House held these opinions honestly and earnest- ly, he coula have uo confidence in the country, and he said, further, that if they had the same ideas and they per- meated large sections of the community, they were not worthy of having the con- trol of this great western side of Aus- tralia. He and bis friends who had sup- ported the Government the last ten years had been obliged to confront the very, same arguments time after time. He had grown grey, talking year after year to the Opposition. Mr. GEORGE: What? You are nob grey yet. The COLONIAL TREASURER said he had grown grey in the honourable service of the country, and he did not mind telling the member for the Murray, so. They had been told year after year that ruin and disaster was before them,, and still the colony had forged ahead. The revenue was two and a quarter mil lionfif the trade was eleven millions: sterling, and now that the mail steamers were coming to Fremantle, we were no longer out of the way. We were on the highway tc trade ; and commerce and civilisation. If members on both sides of the House were not satisfied with the progress and developmenfthat had gone on in the colony during the last ten years they were very hard to please. The croak- ers of to-day had been the do-nothing croakers of the last ten years. (Laughter0 They had heard the wailing speeches of his friend the member for Central Mur- chison year after year, until one would i have thought that one was listening to the Lamentations of Jeremiah. (Laugh Mr. GEORGE : He is a regular politi- cal Jeremiah. (Lauehter.) The COLONIAL TREASURER, con- tinuing, said that the people of the coun- try, whatever thev might do in the fu- ture, would do what was best, but the people had stood by the Government for . the last 10 years, and had not listened to the revilers and defamers of the. coun- try. That was what he called them revilers and defamers. (Laughter.) Ia the near future, it would be for the people to say whether they would still1 support the members on his side of the House, who by their energy, their bold- ness, their public soirit. and their faith , in the country and its resources had made Western Australia what it is to- ' day. (Applause.) Mr. KINGSMILL said it was with a ? great deal of diffidence that he rosa . amongst those gentlemen who had been \ classified as revilers and defamers of Western Australia to speak. He must . first express his gratification that, after , the threats hurled at his side pf the House the other evening bv the right hon. gentleman, he was in a fit condition, mentally, morally, and physically, to , continue the debate. (Laughter.) But, - as usual, they found the right hon. gen- tleman did not carry out those threats. He promised them a severe castigation, but when he spoke it was less severe than usual. His Bpeech on that occasion and his speech on the present one was tho old system of intimidation, which was BO oftea applied to the House. Of course, it was not so bad with those who had been long in the House. An Hon. Member : Your hide has gob Mr. KINGSMILL said it was rather ', that the shafts did not carry so far, but what he did not like was * the way in which the Premier referred to a gentle- man who had only taken his «eat in the House that session. Generally, mem- bers taking their seats for the first time were treated with more courtesy by the older members, but that courtesy was conspicuously lacking in the Premier on the occasion he referred to. He con- gratulated the member for Geraldton on the way he took the right hon. gentle- man's threats, and answered him in his own manner. The Premier had referred . to a subject which he thought the right hon. gentleman would hare been carel Ful to avoid, namely, the division list tho other evening. He spoke about the ma- . jority he obtained but if they analysed the numbers thev found it was not so creditable as ' the right hon. gen- tleman would have them believe. The House bad been asked to express an opinion of the Forrest Government, and they had saved the Ministry by a ma- jority of six rotes. Considering tnat> the members of the Ministry themselves accounted for fi*e of those votes, there was not ranch to boast about as to the Qutsáde opinion of the Government, es- pecially when they considered that three gentlemen on the Government side had expressed themselves in accord with the griews of the Opposition. Mr, MORAN : Eight. Mr. KINGSMILL said he could not endorse the remarks of Mr. Moran, as his figures had varied eight to two. The Colonial Treasurer had also informed the newspapers that had not two of ' the members on his side voted with the Op ? ^position he would have had a larger ma- jority. " (Laughter.) That certainly ?jwas incontrovertible. He also protes . ted against the threat pf the Premier J&at; members in voting against his pub- lic works policy would displease their 'constituents. He regretted that Mr. ((Piesse had had to sever his connection /with the Government, and that he had '{had to join the long procession of Mini- sterial ghosts. (Laughter.) The Pre- mier had charged members with a la X^mentable ignorance of the affairs of tho colony. He would remind him, however, ¿tfiat not lone ago Mr. Gregory had put ia question : to the Government -asking Xl) The present indebtedness of Western ^Australia ; (2) the amount available from ..?Loans and Treasury Bills for the comple ytóon of works authorised by Parliament ; XS) the amount which it is estimated will ibe required to complete these works ; (4) Qjbhe amount which has been re-appropri , toted from existing authorisations ;and (5) '¿the manner in which the Government ¡¿proposes to recoup these moneys thus re iappropriated. That, however, appeared. Cn the notice paper in the form of a mo- nition for'a return, which had had the effect of the information being delayed Tjuntil'after the debate on the no confi- dence motion. In the face of that, how could they expect members to be aware )of tile position of the country ? The [^Premier's references to the finances he characterised as an exhibition of expedi ; .¿ency and opportunism. He also declined jto accept the Premier as a prophet, and "tauoted from his speeches in 1896 to show | i/fchat bis expectations in regard to the 'growth of tile population of the colony ¡mad not been realised. It was a matter fior regret, he said, that our debt per jjhead had increased from £37-per head ¡Tin 1896-the lowest in the colonies-to pthe highest," our total indebtedness bav ? Sng increased three times, while our re^ Qrenue had onlv advanced by a tittie over %0 per cent. He denied that there were .JBÍX (goldfields members on the Opposition jßide of the House who favoured the ?(Norseman railway. Personally, he ^?was opposed to- it, holding ,that it was not warranted. On the motion of Mr. Moran, the ¿debate was adjourned. ^ The House at ten minutes to 9, ad- journed until half-past 4 p.m. next day. 