. A Labyrinth of Litigation. KANOWNA1 LOT 27 AND ITS .OWNERS. A complicated story of trouble and litigatjon is woven around Kanowna Lot 27\. From the clay when it emerged from the insignificance of being an un defined portion of the waste lands of the Crown, to the dignity of a town lot, until the present moment, it has brought worry and disaster to all who have been in the remotest way connected with it. Mr A. G. Lee was the first to have any txcixisa^Liuix vvnu. uuo imuuiau uj. nut, purchasing it from the Crown m 1897. On November 8 of that yeai he en tered into an agreement with William H. Allan to grant a lease to Mr Allan for a term of years. - One of the condi tions of the agreement was that Allan should erect on. the. allotment certain' shops and buildings of the material usually employed upon goldfields' edi fices — wood and iron. There was a further provision that when the term of the lease expired Mr Lee was to be en , titled to purchase, the shops and build ings at a valuation. Failing that, -Mr Allan was to be at liberty to remove them. ' Such agreements are common on the fields, and they generally tend to the benefit of both parties. Early in Januaiy, 1S98, Mr Lee moitgaged the fieehold of the allotment to Mr De Rose, and a month later Mr Allan gave a bill of sale over the buildings he had ereqted to Messrs Long and Seebeck. Later on he mortgaged the lease to Hannans Saw Milling Company. _ Thus at this period there were five distinct interests in the piece of land, and mat ters soon became complicated, by rea son of the fact that Mr Allan failed to pay the rent which was- due to -Mr Lee under his lease, with the result that Mr Lee distrained upon. the shops, which had all been let to good tenants. They were indignant at having bailiffs put into their business premises for rent, when they had paid their landlord. To get over the difficulty, they .determined that in future they would pay their rent direct, to.. .Mr. Lee, but this ...was a dis astrous decision-^ because the' payment to Mr Lee was no quittance 'of the obli gation .to Mr Allah. ' Their contract was with Mr ?'Allan, and a receipt from Mr Lee ? was no : discharge : of '' their lia bility to Mr Allan. ;' A few experiences of this kind so enraged the tenants that' they cut 'the Gqrdian knot by. vacating the shops, which remained unoccupied because- they were -haunted- by a- ghost as grim; and terrible as novelist ever conjured up— the shadow of a legal ab surdity which, permitted a man. to: pay his debts without extinguishing his liability. At -this critical stage, Han nans; Saw MilUfi^&mpany; sold the lease, and it wa^pui-phased by Mr Wil 1 iam -Huntingclolir :iv6.Cals9: bought the buildings(:frontLpng\and;SeebeeT?,;s.eH 'inir 'under ^thBr:rblll*:of?sale,.-,-:.ln;: the m :eantime, :the;- mjprtgagee^pf vthe;;;f v^- m0 Mi;;De- Rosfef $jia-; tlie/:pttjerty t° standing interests .i^'th^'land had thus been reduBa.,to':;;r#a, but_ the evil ?fdrtune^liich; h;ad^eset the first owners pursued: :theift;Mccessors. Ihe. new 'owner of the, freehold demanded rent ?fr'bm Mr. Huntingdon, the new tenant of the buildings, but he- refused to pay. The new owners then believed thattney ''could' nof sue Huntingdon because, le crally,- 'there :' was', -no privity between t_em;: :'Allartr in the -agreement,.^ ad iiof contracted for his assigns^ and Hun tingdon wair the assign of Allan; There fore, Miss Roberts commenced an,.ac tion for ejectment against ^ Allan, to recover' possessto'n'''of- the -build mg-s r At this stage Mr. Huntingdon called upon Miss Roberts to exercise ner rigm under the agreement for a lease which Mr. Lee had originally made with Mr. Allan, and buy the buildings at a valua tion^ othewise he would remove them. The answer to that demand was an ac tion by Miss Roberts against Mr. Hun tingdon, seeking 'an 'injunction -to pre entAhim from removing the- buildings, es he had threatened. As if there had not been enough 'trouble and loss over the ill-fated allotment, the crowning stroke of misfortune came in the burn ing down of the buildings soon after the action was commenced. It iooked at first as if that settled the matter fi nally, but it turned out -that the build ings were insured for .^/ooj and so the wheels of law were greased afresh, and the litigation proceeds.- . The evidence in that case was taken on the hearing of the case on. Friday last. ..The testimony was very brief, most of the facts being admitted. The legal argument, upon which the whole case depends, was adjourned until Sa turday last. Mr. R. C. Money (instruc ted by Mr. C. L. Stawell) appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. W. James and Mr. P. Cantor (instructed by, Messrs G. Leake and Co.) appeared for the defen dant. Mr. Money contended that his client had a certificate of- title' for 'the land, and that it was indefeasible. Land com prised all buildings and fixtures. The defendant, it was argued, -could not claim the buildings under the clause in the agreement, because he had virtual ly abandoned that agreement when he repudiated his liability for rent. Mr. James, in reply, said that at the time the plaintiffs bought the land they not only had notice of .the defendant's interest, but actually bought subject to it. An attempt on their part to defeat an interest to wliich their purchase was made subject, amounted to a'-. -legal- fraud, and was a good ground of claim, even against a certificate. of title. ? The land and buildings were, in fact, not fixtures, because the original owner of the freehold, Lee, in whose position the plaintiffs stood, had agreed ,with Allan, in whose shoes defendant stood,, that the buildings were not to be- deemed fix tures. The defendant, by repudiating his liability to. pay rent, did not aban don the 'agreement under which he claimed, but stood upon his strict legal rights. As assignee he was not respon sible to. the superior landlord for rent, as rent, because the. relations of land lord and tenant did not exist between them, hiit he was liable for use arid oc cupation. ' ' ,-..... Mr. James had not concluded his ar gument when the Court rose.— 'West Australian.' ? 