THE STORYTELLER 'L0V2 IN IDLENESS.' 'Awfully hard lines on you, certainly,' said Lieutenant and Commander Grubb 3-Stubbs, R.N. ' Yes,' answered Lieutenant Maxwell, grumpily ; ' it seems to me that I may as well coil up my ropes and go o" 1 half pay for al the chance there is of getting promotion ; row, if they had only given me a show in this biassed special service squadron.' & ' Sorry,' said Stubbs. ' Yes. You can afford to be sorry, you beggar! Here you are with more money than you know what to do with ; you might very well have stood out and given other poor devils a chance.' ' My dear chap ! I wouldn't miss it for a thousand. Deuced nuisance, too ! There's my new place building at Aber Fach left with no one to look after it; my fellow wires this morning that he's laid on bis beam ends by a bicycle smash. I say, Maxwell, would you go down and hunt the beggars, up a bit ?' ' I?' 'Yes. Why not? Look here You can get awfully decent lodgings close to, and there's salmon fishing, and, perhaps, they may have the otter dogs through. I .vouldn't ask anyone, I can tell you. But we've known each other so long—by Jove! It would take an awful load off my mind. It's rather like burying oneself to go into the country in June— still ' Stubbs paused and looked rather anxiously at his friend. This special eeivice affair had certainly come at an awkward time, just as his new house was half up, the g ounds being laid out, and a hundred tilings going on which wanted personal supervision. But he would not miss this chance for all he was worth. Things really looked as if war might bo pos; ble. It was the opportunity of a lifetime. ITrxwell was gradually won over, and, whilst Stubbs went off to Portsmouth, travelled away into the unknown part of the country in which Aber Fach was situated, Stubbs had armed him with powers of attorney, letters of introduction, and papers of instructions. ' Don't worry yourself, old chap, just look round as lazily as you like and enjoy yourself.' The first week passed off fairly well. He found himself in perhaps the most beautiful county in South Britain (not to offend our 'brither Scots). There was something to look after, and foremen and others to see. But, this week over, ha awoke and found himself buried in heathendom. All the people to whom he had introductions were in town or somewhere else. He wa3 in a deserted village in truth. Farmhouse lodgings seemed to consist of feather beds, iramed samplers, brown Windsor soap, and doubtful cookery. Every one wap away. His only "possible neighbour was a bachelor parson, eccentric to the last degree. The nomenclature of the district was impossible, the name of the local post office sounded like an explosion •—he began to look around him in something like consternation. The agent was hopelessly invalided for weeks, all the tradespeople were looking to him for instructions, and Stubbs had started off with the Flying Squadron. It was the close season, there was no shooting. The fishing was worth nothing ; besides, one bright day followed another and made it impossible. His nearest town i was ten miles away—a poor little place withuut a single attraction. ' Great Scott! I can't stay here,' thought he, and Sunday arriving, he went—as a last resource—to his eccentric neighbour's morning service. He arrived in time, and found no congregation: then presently two boys sauntered i*i. At last—a quarter of an hour late—came five people, aud the slatternly service began. ' This is of a piece with all the rest,' he thought, ' It is of no use. I shall clear out to- morrow; it is simply impossible to ' He suddenly broke off his silent complf'ni'ig. Rustling of laces ! He half turned. Through the porch entered a couple of ladies dressed to the last cry, followed by a pompous little fellow with grey whiskers. One of them was passably good- looking. AS they went to their seats both stared at him unaffectedly. A graceful woman dressed very quietly, but in good taste, and wearing white collar and cuffs something like a nurse's, quietly slid into a seat by his side. ' The lady's maid!' he thought. Then she saw that she had appro priated a little prayer-book, which had la ;, i in the corner of the seat. He wished he had lookad into it, and seen the name. The stranger seemed thoroughbred to the bone. ' She must surely be a lady.' he thought. ' Perhaps some poor clergyman's daughter.' " The short service was over all too soon. idle would have hurried out but the little grey man buttonholed him. ' Mr. Maxwell, I think. Ah, my man told me you were here. I'm John Colby, from Lanceer. I've a place close by, you must come and look us up. Allow me. Mrs. Colby. Miss Colby—Mr. Maxwell.' He bowed, noticing at once that the daughter was anxious for his acquaintance. The lady's maid had disappeared. He accepted an invitation to lunch, hoping to see the woman who had taken his fancy. Riches were in evidence, the house was an old country seat, whose former owners had gone, armorial bearings and all, the wine was above reproach, and the daughter—if slightly forward —svaa not vulgar. Bat of the woman he had hoped to see there was no sign. He 'was going to find this woman and it would be lonely no more. He made his farewells with what grace he might and walked away alone down the beautiful country road. He had better fortune than he deserved. Half way home he met her, plump! at a curve in the road. She had, as attendant, a magnificent dog. Ther8 was no time to decide what to do or whether it would be safe to make advances. That depends on whether she was lady's-maid or companion, and this sudden meeting seemed to raise her still another step, so that he did not dare. He ventured to raise his hat. And received the veriett ghost of a return—and an amused smile, tie had half a mind to stop and speak, but dared not, and walked on. 1 By jove ! I must finds out who she is! Wonder if I might have spoken ? 1' fancy lady's-maids don't allow liberties. Who the deuce is she ? She looks awfully thoroughbred.' Next day the Colby women called, made him show them over the new house, admired everything, and— the ce was no doubt about it—the daughter made a dead set at him. She waa not bad-looking, was well educated, aad had a pretty voice. Had his mind not been preoccupied he might have answered the attack— to pass the time. -•Somewhat to his wonder—and disgust—he found that they knew all about his aunt Jane and that he was her heir, It was bad policy of Mamma Colby to let it out—as her daughter's wicked look told her—but she was too old to learn finesse, Riches had come to her too late. She had sense enough never to refer to her social status when Colby married her, but was too old to conceal, altogether, the fact that she was (let us be lenient!) slightly uneducated. They p ressed him so hard to return to lunch that he submitted. On the way he noticed, on the rising ground some distance from the road, a pretty little home he had not seen before. ' That ? Oh! Some woman lives there. I — a — really forget her name.' Miss Colby was scarcely clever enough for such flights; he saw that she was lying. Like a flash came the thought,' I wonder if it is she!' 1 ' A pretty place,' he said. ' She is a near neighbour of yours. I suppose you have not—or she has not—called 'Oh—a—really don't know, Mr. Maxwell. I don't think she is in residence.' But here the mamma once more spoilt the game. ' Was that Mrs. Hunt-Price you were speaking about ? Yes. She's at home. Why, we met her somewhere the other day.' There was a strong sneer m her tone. Maxwell had not quite caught her name ; it had sounded familiar; but he could not press the subject which was for sotne reason evidently unpleasant. ' I'll bet it's she, though!' he thought. ' And yet, if it had been the old woman would recollect her being in church.' He was fool" enough to scour the country roads on the chance of meeting her. But he was not lucky enough to run against her again. He had not dared to make any pointed inquiries. And so, in impatience, he waited for Sunday. Several times he had visited the church in the hope that he might find it unlocked, and get a glimpse at her prayer book. At last came the day. He was early. Indeed, the clerk had not arrived. He spent the time reading the rough epitaphs. The tolling bell woke him from the perusal of the virtues of Jennet Thomas, and he sped within. The book was gone ; At the last moment the Colbys drove up. No one had entered his seat. The croupy harmonium began. Was she not coming ? Yes! Very late; the eccentric parson was hurrying through the Psalms at his best pace as she rustled quietly in and knelt at his side, whilst he admired the little curls which uestled about her neck. Before the conclusion of the service he had made up his mind to force his acquaintance upon her. Fate was— this time—unkind to him. As the little congregation rose to go and filed out into the aisle, old Colby tripped on the matting and sprawled heavily against him. Both hats went flying, and when he picked up his own and regained his equanimity, the girl he was so foolish about was gone. He would have followed her —with indecent haste—but was sur- rounded by the Colby contingent. And though he cursed them he could not get out of an invitation to lunch, ' That was Mrs. Hunt-Price,' said the daughter, viciously. 'Indeed!' Now he knew the name well enough, as who did not after the late divorce case. ' 1 knew she was a thoroughbred,' thought he. ' F>-ed, my boy,' he communed with himself that evening over his last pipe, ' what are you going to do about it! All the nice women seem to have something against them. I'll bet that beast Hunt-Price is to blame! I'll have to make it up to her!' The next day he got his chance. He had wandered down the road to think it all over, when wheels approached. Round the turn ahead of hiir came a pony cart. The tricky little beast shied and swerved for the ditch. He sprang forward, and was just in time to avert a catastrophe. Then he looked up, and to his joy it was she. ' Oh, thank you, awfully !' said a sweet, deop voice. 'Not at all. Very glad,' and he raised his hat. ' We have met before,' she said, with a smile. , ' Mrs. Hunt-Price, I think.' ' Er—ye-s.' (' Poor darling he thought. ' Her hesitation ia natural enough. How I should like to punch that blackguard's head.') 'My name's Maxwell. I'm down here looking out for a new house that's building.' The introduction made, he stuck to his guns, and, as she seemed to be gracious, managed to seer re an invitation to lunch. ' Why not come now ?' she said. ' Are you too busy ?' * * * * A week later he deternr led to speak. These matters ripen quickly in Arcadian solitudes. She was staying down here, he found, with an invalid sister, whom he had not yet seen. It was under the shade of the trees across the lawn that he at last managed, clumsily enough, to blurt out what he had to say. ' And,' he concluded, ' of course, I know I am not a bit worthy of you, but ' ' She laid her hand on his arm and looked fixedly at him. ' Have you heard nothing then about a notorious Mrs. Hunt-Price ?' she asked. ' I don't care a hang!' he answered. ' Oh ! Mrs. Price, do_'t say ' No.' I'd be awfully good to you, and try to make it up to you.' ' Who told you I was Mrs. Hunt- Price ?' She spoke so low he scarcely caught her words as she hung her head. ' Miss Colbv.' ' Ah, that is the worst —don't you think—of having to do with that sort of person ? I am Mrs Price's sister. She is here, certainly, but you have not seen her; she is too ill at present.' ' Then ?' A still softer whisper, but it ran through him like a trumpet: ' Yes.' * * * ' Well, Maxwell, you are a deuced good fellow ! By George, you are ! Were you bored to death ?' ' Bored ? My dear chap, I neve; had such a good time in my life !' ' The deuce you didn't! How!' 'Look here! Do you know that face ?' I ' Seem to. Awfully fine woman. Oh ! Now I see where the good time came in. Well, my dear fellow, I wish you all sort;3 of happiness. Come and have a drink on it!' # * • ' Why did you let me believe you were the Mrs Hunt-Price!' he asked, when they were at last alone. ' Oh!—I—a—thought I would like to see how much you cared about me.' —ALAN OSCAR. 