HMD LABODfi. BY W. W. JACOBS. ? M it was no source of gratification to Mr. dinner to find that the other ladies in the jSSSSSSSSSSSb steps. Mrs. Smith, on the first. floor, praised him in terms which made him blush with shame, and Mrs. Hawk, of the second, was so -complimentary that Mr. Hawk, - who had not long been married, came downstairs and gave him a pressing invitation to step out into the back yard. By the time the perambulator was finished his patience was .at" an end, and he determinal at all' hazards to regain his liberty. • Never had-the street, as surveyed from the small window, appeared so inviting. He tilled his pipe, and communicated to the affrighted As. Pinner his intention of gointr for a stroll. 'Wait till I've seen the* paper," she protested.. "'Wot's the good of seeing the paper?" replied Mr. Pinner. '"We. know as 'e's in bed, and it seems to me while 'e's in bed is my time to be out. I shall keep a lookout. Besides, I've just 'ad an idea; Fm going to shave my. moustache off. X ought to'lia' thought of it before." He went, npstai-rs, leaving :his wife wringing her hands below. So :far from the red policeman^ being in bed,, she was only too well aware that he was on duty' in the district, with every faculty strained to the utmost to avenge the outrage of which he had been flie victim^. It "became necessary ta-fiave her husband at all costs, and while he vjys busy upstairs -with the razor she slipped out-and bought a paper. He. had just come down by the time she returned, aod turned-to confront her wiBh u conscious grin; bu.t at ihe sight' of her face'tie smile vanished from his own, and he stood waiting nervously, for ill news. "Oh,-dear," moaned his wife. "What's the matter?"' said Mr. firmer, anxiously. - Mrs.' Pinner supported' herself by . the table, and shook her bead, despondently. "'Ave they found me out?" demanded Mr. Pinner. ''Worse titan thai," said ins wife. "Worse than Hiiat!" eaid &er; hnaband, whose imagination was not of a soaring description. "How'can it be?" j "He's dead," said Mrs. Pinner, solemnly. "Head!" repeated. her husband, etaitung violently. Mrs. .Pinner, with a. litotle smfi, took up line paper and read 6lowly, interrupted only bv the broken ejaculations of her husband. "The' unfortunate policeman who was assaulted; tie olitier day. down at W'appmg passed away peacefully yesterday, evening, ijady Veras is prostrate witih grief, and refuses to leave the death chamber. Several members of the -Royal Family hare. telegraphed their \- ' • "Wot?" interrupted the astounded listener.. "I was reading tiie wrong bit," said Mrs_.Knner, who was too engrossed in her reading of the death of a well-known nobleman to remember to make ail tiic confections necessary to render them suitable for a pokcemaa. -'Here it is:— . "l^e unfoituaMe policeman who was assaulted. the abher day down at Wapping passed away, peacefully yesterday evening in the arms of his wife and family. The ruffian is believed to be at sea.? "I wish e was," said Air. Pinner, mournfully. "I wisih 'e was anywhere but 'ere. The idea of makinga deJikit man like that a policeman. Why, I 'ardly touched 'im "Promise me you wont go out," said his wife, tearfully. "Out?" said Mr. Pinner, energetically; "out? D'ye think I'm mad, or wot? I'm going to stay 'ere till the ship sails, then i m going down in a cab. Wot d'ye £hint I want to go out for?" He salt, in a frightened condition in the darkest corner of the room, and spoke only to ias wife in terms of great bitterness concerning the extraordinary • britfcleness of members of . the police farce. "I'll never touch one on 'em agin as long as I live," he protested. "If you brought one to me asleep on a choir I wouldn't Coudh 'im." It's the diinfc as made you do it," said his wife. "I'll never touch a .drop agin," affirmed Mr. Pumer, Shivering. - His pipe had lost its flavour, and he eat pondering in silence until the absolute necessity, of finding more reasons ior his continued presence in the hmtse occurred to him. " Mrs, Pinner agreed with the idea, and together they drew up a list of improvements which would occupy every ™innr.g of his giare time. He worked so feverishly tkat he became a .byword in ,'the mouths of the other lodgers, and the only moments of security • apd happiness knew were when he was working itf toe bedroom with, the door locked. ' Mrl Smith 'atteibu3ted : it to disease, and for one panic-stricken hour discaised with Mr. Hawk the .possibility of its being infectious. • Slowly the days passed until at length there "were -only, two!left, and he was in such a nervous and overwrought state that 3Mra. Pinaer was almost as anxious as he was for the: date of departure. ' To comfort him she' read a paragraph frcnn the, paper to the effect that tiie police bad given up thesearehan despair. Mr.Biimerciiaoi: his-head at this, and said it was . a trap to get him out. He also,, with a view o£ defeating theendsof justice, set to work upon a hood for the perambulator. He was'employed.'on this when his wife went out to do a little shopping. The house when she returned was quiet, and there were no agns of .anything unusual having occurred; but wihen she entered the room she started - .back, with a cry ..at the sight which met her . eyes. Mr. Pinner , was. in a crouching attitude on the sofa, his face buried in the cushion, while one leg waved spasmodically in. the .air. "Ghaiiie," die cried; "Charlie There Swas . a hollow.: groan from the cushion in repiy. "What's'the matter?" die cried in alarm. "What's the matter?" ''I've seen it," said ilr. Pinner, in trembling tones, 'Tve 1 seen a ghost. I was just peeping out. of the winder behind the blhid when it. went by:" "Nonsense," said Ins wife. "His ghost," said Mr. 'Pinner, regaining Jently; a more "red natural whiskers, 'attitude white and. gloves, shivering and vio- all. It's doing a. beat. up. ami down this street. I shall go madl Ice been by twice." " 'Maginatiop. ' said his wife, aghast at this state of aifeirs. - "I'm, afraid of its .coming for me," said .Mr. Pinner, staring wildly. "Every minnit I expect .to see it come to the door and beckon me to folter dt to the statioti. Every miinit I expect to- see it with its white face etuck ap agin the winder pane staring in at me." "You mustn't .'ave'euch fancies," said his wife. "I see it as jSain as I stee you," persisted the tremibling 'fireman. • "It was praneiog up and down, an-just the same stuck-up way as it did when it was alive". "I'H draw the blind down," said h's wife. . Sie-<3roased over-to the window and was about -to lower- tbe blind' when shte suddeoly drew back with an involuntary exclamation. \- -- • ''Gail you see i!t?" cried her husband. . "No," said Mis'. Pinner, recovering her- -setf. "Shut yonr eyes. 5 ' fiitemaiL asang to his feet. "Keep • - back, said his wife; • "don't took." t "I mudt,"- said the fireman. His wife threw herself upon hhn, but he Pudied her-oat cf the way and rushed to the window. • Urcn his -jatw dropped, and he murmiBcd inarfrerently, for the ghost of the red polioemas was plainly visible. Its lofty carriage of the head and penduban-like swing of the arms were gone, and it was struggling in a most fleshly manner to lead a. recalcitrant costermonger to the ' station. In the intervals of the wrestling bout it blew loudly, irfbn a whistle. "Wonderful,? said Mrs. Pinner, nevouslv. "Lifelike, I call it." The fireman watched the crowd pass up the road, and then he turned and regarded her. "Would you like to hear what I call it?" he thundered. "Not before baby, Charlie," quavered Mrs. Pinner, drawing, back. The fireman regarded her silently, and his demeanour was so alarming that she grabbed Charles Augustus Pinner sudden}-.- from his cradle and held him in front of her.. "You've kep' me here," said Mr. Pinner, id a voice which trembled. with self pity, "for near three weeks. For three weeks I've wasted'my time, my Httle epare and my money "in making perambulators, and whitewashing-and papering, and a'l sort of -things: I ve.been the larfing stock o' this house, and I've been worked like a convict. Wot'ave you got. to say for yourself?" . "Wot do you mean?" enquired Mrs. Pinaer, recovennp herself. ' T ain't to blame for what's in the paper, ajn I? How was I- to know that the policeman -as died wasn't your policeman?" Mr. -Pinner, eyed her closely, bat Aemet his gaze with eyes honest and -clear as those of a child. Then, -realizing that he was wasting precious time, he picked up -tas cap, and as C 40 turned the corner with Ids prize, set off in -She.opposite direction to spend in the .usual manner . the brief remnant of the leave, which remained to Jlin*. 