?'MY. SILVER- JUBILEE. ?', .(Copyright,)'. ' . ? B'? LADY GILBERT. Author of ' Banahee CaBtlc,' ' Holly Grey,' 'FourLittlcMisohiofB,' ','Giun ?netta,' &a..; &c.; I was not nt that timo partner in the big establishment' of Silver, Smith,' and Co., but,, buying made my character as a careful euBtodion of tboir valuables, I flattered my self that tho clevcrost swindler in London would havo to givo it up if he wero to try to play tricks on mo. It was about noon on:a bright. day in tho height of the senson, when aelergyman of particularly gentlemanly bearing and elegant; dross came softly into our shop,.and closed our awing door with a lightness of touch significant ra'thor oC re finement than of levity. I thought, as ho approached the counter, that I had never seen a more dignified mem ber of the Church establishment. He had tho typo of faeo that suggests the cultured leisure of the cathedral close. So typical was he, that I felt almost sure t had met him before, and swiftly ran over in my mind the few occasions on which I had hovered round circles which would naturally be graced by miuh a presence. His black clothing was as soft an silk, his bands wero Bpotless. tho hat ho wore was perfect in. its expression of a modesty which refrained from making claim for tho entire rovoreneo duo to the wider brim of an nrchbishop. '? I wish,' ho said, with a Blight wave of the hand towards tho glittering glass caseB behind me, ' to see some handsome articles ? of silver for the use of the table. In fact, I : am in search of a wedding present for my daughter. She ha3 already been overwhelmed with personal ornaments; and one hardly knows what to select.' Ho put up his gold rimmed eye-glass, an eye-glaSB so clerical that it seemed as though it had never beon UBed before for any pur pose butreading the Bible, and stared mildly up and down the shelveB on which jugs, ! tea-urns, candelabra, and all such para-' phornalin in the most costly workmanship, were displayed. I promptly unlocked the ' doors and drew forth the treasures, and ranged them on tho counter in front of him. It was soon evident that he possessed an ex- J quisite taste, for all the articles of more heavy and florid design were waved aside by him with a shudder of disapproval, while he I hovered over tho more delicately-constructed ( , veaselB with a deprecatory smilo of BatiB , faction, which seemed to say that, in as far as his ascetic calling would permit, he was .{?leased with these trifles, which were so manifestly 'of the frivolities and vanities of this lowqr w.orld. As ho discoursed about the merits and do, j /.merits of the various articles, in low, per; j , suasive tones that suggested the pulpit, a ! , carved and cushioned pulpit dominating a, ' ;% silken-rustling audience, I found my3elf gradually coming under the Bpell of a singu -'.-. Jar fascination. Never had I met with a .. customer so intimately acquainted with, and .- so curiously well-informed on the subjects connected with .that part' of my business which was after my own heart. I had al- j -, wayB had a taste for tho more imaginative , ,side of the metal-working art, and had even .made some, do- signs myself whiah had been ?-; thought to be i al her successful. When my | clerical customer murmured tho name of' Benvenuto Cellini almost as of one he had ' known and loved, my blood was stirred, and i I gave mysolf up to the enjoyment of one of the most delightful conversations Ihad ever ' encaged in. Having paid a hurried visit to j Italy myself, it was yet new to me to hear minute .and technical descriptions ' of the' antique treasures to be found in, for instance, ' tho Florentine museums or tho Vatican. From theso ho flitted lightly to the posses- j sion of art of this kind contained inBngland, even in unBUBpected quarters, as far as tha ] general publio is concerned. j ?' I myself havo in my hands (as a sacred doposit of trust, of oourso),' ho said, ' some ' of tho most exquisite specimens of Church vessels. Popish, relics, no doubt, but still estimable from an historic point of view, hb well as intrinsically valuable in an. extraord inary degree— a chnlice, candlesticks used on the private altar of the groat Thomas a'Beekett. If you should be travelling at i any time in my part of the country I should | be most happy to show you these curiosities.' J3omo words he let fall later on led mo to ' the conclusion that he was Archdeacon Bomobody and my curiosity as to his identity was considerably aroused. Howovor, up to j this point ho guvo mo no information about niinself, having all tho time the manner of a ' 'man who was everywhere known, and who j oxpeeted to bo everywhere recognised. I ' concealed the fact that I did not recognise him, and hung on hi3 words with the open admiration to which he was evidently accus tomed, though ho accepted it with an air of modest deprecation. I ' But this will not help mo through my business in London,' he Bald suddenly, pull ing himself up. ' I am in town only for the . day, and have many things to do. It ha3 been quite a temptation to talk to a man who iB acquainted with theso matters of rare and jinfiifinf, jirr.. T immt vntiiltr mulrn .m. t*-.l.»i .«..w.u..u u.u. j. iuudu , tun^y HiUtlU Illy nultiU tion, howevor, and tear myself away ? ' Then came the business of choice, in which I am bound to say, ho showed himself a ? master. Ho mado a collection of the most dainty and elegant, as well as tho most costly articles in our establishment. ' You will say I am extravagant,' lie. said, with a smile. ' Providenco has endowed mo with almost too large a sharo of wealth — not altogether as revenue from tho Church.but a good deal as patrimony. In self-defence, I may add that I do not always squauder it in this very worldlyand vain-glorious manner. But wlien one has an only daughter and she is leaving ono, also making an alliance with a . 'noble house, well, one feels that one must not niuke her ashamed of her father. ' My memory involuntarily mado an effort to assure mo whether or not I had seen the announcement of the approaching marriage of a nobleman with the daughter of an Arch deaeon, but 1 was unable to givo attention to the subject, und merely reflected that very few brides have ever received a prettier gift of silver from a gonerous fafher, than the lady for whom this glittering collection had been made. ' Wow,' he said, when all was dono, ' I , have some other places to go, and I shall call back iii1 un hour for my purchases. I shall pay cnah at once, and I Bhnll ask you to havo tho clinnge of a bank-note for £500; (he , articles come to £250,1 think you said. Quite right, yes, I Bhall bring the' note from the bank— Bank of England. It will be more antibfiictory than a cheque. ' 1 murmured professions of my unlimited confidence in this dnlightful representative if I may say it, of both God and Mammon. However difficult it may bo to soivo two master*, hero was ono who had learnt how to do it. . Hut thought could bo no more than fleeting and fragmentary in company so ab sorbing and bo fascinating. As my customer loft, the Bhop I again admired tho rluganco of his figuro, the dignity of his hearing, tho severe perfection of his clerical habiliments. I went to work to have the silver articles packed, and was occupied during the wholo ' of tho proscribed hour in fitting them neatly into a very large box and enveloping them in clouds of safety-ensuring material. Punctual to time tho purchaser returned. I saw him alight from a hanaom and stand for a moment making some urbano remark to the cabby, who seemed unwontodly well pleased 'with his fare, and I advanced to wards tho door to receive him with suitable empressemout. I retired behind tho counter to count tho notes and gold, amounting to £250, which I had provided as ohango for the note for £500, which had beon duly deposited in my hand. While doing so, prudence .urged mo strongly to ascertain that tho note was a gotiuino ouo boforo parting with tho money of tho firm, yet it was with a twinge of remorse for tho disloyalty of the suspicion that I despatched a trustod messenger to my bank with a lino in writing asking to be satisfied with the honesty of tho note. I kept my customer engaged in conversation until tiio return of my envoy, who brought me the assurance that I had conlidently expected. The note was as good as any over issued by tho Bank of England. I counted tho two hundred and fifty pounds in notes aud gold into hiB hand, and, at his request, sent, a messenger for a cab to con voy him and the box of silver to tho rail way station. He had dismissed tho han som of course, as a four-wheeler was neces sary for the accommodation of the box. Wo wei-o standing in tho middle of tho shop, tho box was in waiting near tho door, and while we talked I hold tho Bank of England note open in my hands. My clerical customer's parting words were as' interesting as all the rest that had fallen from his lips, and I was really rather regretful when the sound of a cab stopping at the door announced that my intercourse with him was at an end. ' I will give you my card,' wero his fare well words, presenting it to me, ' Arch deacon Sutherland, Vonerable-Bede Hall, ? shiro, and if you should ever care to see those interesting curios — tho old chalice. in particular, is worth a visit ? ' The entrance of a policeman out short the sentence. For some moments it was not apparent to me that the advent of this per son had any connection with the presence of tho Archdeacon, even though I saw the big man in uniform walk up to my customer and fix upon hia amiable countenance a solemn stare, which might easily bo tho result of the maguetic power of tho latter in compelling admiration.' Not until the policeman' stretched out a mighty arm and planted a luilo hand familiarly on the Archdeacon's shoulder, saying, ' You're tho man 1 want,' did I understand what the intruder-meant. Then, glancing rapidly backward over tho entire transaction in which this worthyolergy man had played a part, and with a re assur ing look at the bank note in my hand, I folt indignantly confident that this was a case of mistaken identity. ' I've got you this timo,' Jim policeman went on, ' and a nico danco you've led mo. What's he beon up to here ?' turning to me with the contempt of a uian-who is obliged to 9UBpect everybody for ono who has been too easily taken in. - ' You make a mistake — an unpardonable mistake,' 1 began. ' This gentleman who, has completed a most satisfactory purchase is Archdeacon ? ' 'Oh, t know,' said the policeman quietly. ' So he's been doing the clerical, has ho ? Last time he was an army colonel ; time be forc that, it was a h'Araerican millionaire. Must aay the clergy line is exceedingly be comin' to him. Might as well have reached up to a- Bishopric when he was about it. 'The' whole list of 'em would be hard set to find a match for him in tho lookin' of tho part.' I I glanced from this vulgar servant of tho ' law to thai calm countenance of the venerable ! accused, who seemed to disdain all attempt ! at selE-defence, only murmured as he turnod his eyes upon me and elevated his brows : '.It is quito too absolutely ridiculoua ! The ma'u must be intoxicated ? ' 'This person, sir,' said the policeman, 'is ono of tho most notorious swindlers wo'vb got in Hurope. There isn't a city that he hasn't grabbed in. An eel iB afool to him in tho way he has of slippin' through tho fingers of the force. ' ' At least ho has dono nothing wrong here,' I remonstrated. ' He has made a handsome purchase, and paid for it on the spot.' ' Howdid ho pay you for it ?' I field up the note which was still in my hand. ' Hum ! Bank of England. Will you allow mo to look at it 't Ju3t ub I should have expected — a forgery !' ' Impossible,' I declared. ' I have just received the assurance of tho Bank that the note is a genuine one. . Tho policeman smiled pityingly. ' I know them bank gents,' ho said, ' as easily taken in as yourself, sir, begging your pardon. It takes a man like mo to detect tho tricks of such as he. Let me tako another look ut tho note.' lie took it from my hand and walked to the closed glass door to examine it. After a full minuto he returned and placed it in my hand. ' Keep it, sir, and bo 'appy,' he said. ' If that's not a forgery I'll go to gaol mysolf for the mortal remains of my life.' I looked at the accused dignitary and saw that a change had now come over him. He' glanced uneasily at tho note, and turned green, and then white. ' Try to get ? him out of thi«, for God's sake,' he whispored to me, ' and let mo go I am no match for him.' Give mo back my note, and I will givo you your change, and leave you your silver ? ' ' Don't bo so frightbned, sir,' I paid; ' have courage, and all will bo well.' ' Nothin' easier than to provo your inno conce before u mugistrato,' said the/police man. 'But how about those other little mattera that you havo been wanted for? At -all events there's a cub wnitin' for you at the door, and you'll havo to come along. Oh, you would, would you?' aa the poor Arch deacon struggled ugainHt tho disgrace of tho handcuffs forced upon him. ' I would rather act quietly in a. respectable establishment, but I may as well tnll you that there's u good many of the force waitin' outside for a whietle from me, and we can lay you by the heels, aud take you that way if you' prefer it.' ? Hearing this my unfortunate customer sub sided in despair, and Buffered himself to bo Imndcuffed und conducted to the cab. 'Now, Bir,' Buid tho .policeman to me; ' this is u big business, nnd you're a lucky man to have got no further in it. You have this box of silver put in tho cab. I'm goin' to take tho prisoner before tho mngis trato at once, and the silver must bo pro duced, and you willhavo to accompany us to swear to your property. Oh, it'll i big box ! There won't be room for it) 1 of us. You will liiivo to follow us in a second cab, and you must bring the Bank of Englund uoto with you. I ought to take. possession of it with tho rest oE tho things in evidence but per haps you would be bettor satisfied to keep hold of it yourself.' I tcized my hat, gave a f ow hurried in structions to my subordinates, and walked out of the door just as a socondoab drovo up, that which had boon sent for before the arrival of tho policeman. Aftor a few ro OHBuriDg words,-B»okcn through tho window of tho first cab to my poor archdeacon, who was as pale as a ghost and looked ready to weep, and with a satisfied look at tho box of silver, which was carefully stowed on tho soatbytho policeman, who kept his hand up on it, I got into tho second cab, giving orders to tho driver to kcop tho first cab in viow and to follow on it closely. My- reflections, as I was driving along, wero curiously mixed. I was quite at ease with regard to the property, for, not only was tho silver in charge of the police, but I held in my possosBion the archdeacon's Bank of England noto for £500. The £250 in tho nrehdeacon's pocket wero also in charge of tho police. There could be no risk of I0S3 to tho linn oven in case it ?should bo proved that my fascinating archdeacon was indeed an unholy fraud. But I could not accept tho possibility of such a conclusion to tins ad venture. As we rattled through tho thoroughfares I put my head out of tho cab window from time to time to see that wo worn following closely on tho other cab, and for a consider able time I had it well in view. At last tho leading vehicle 'got a good way ahead of us, and though I thought I could still seo it, I began to got a littlo uneasy. Howevor, after another short interval my cabman Dulled up, and assured me over his shoulder that a block of trathc had got between him and the cab ho was to follow.and that ho had quito loat sight of it. ' Never mind,' I said, and gave him tho address oE tho magistrato'B court; ' that is where we havo to go. If you drive faBt now you will overtako them.' | After half-an-hour's further driving wo j arrived at tho court. ? I jumped out of the cab, and gazed around me. There was no appearance of another cab, or of my friend 1 tho archdeacon or of the policeman. I 1 thought that if they had arrived first, some- ! ono would havo been in waiting to direct me how to proceed, bo concluded that after all, we had made tho better speed, I lingered about the door for some time, and then I went in to make enquiries. Nothing had ever been heard there of the persons I was in pursuit of, and I hastened to tell my story to the magistrate. On hearing the caso stated ho immediately asked to see tho five hundred pound note. 'I should Bay ? that your policeman was right,' ho said, 'and that tho noto is a fraud.' ' But tho Bank ? ' ' I think you^ had better take it to tho Bank,' he suggested. . I followed his advico, and the Bank pro nounced t ho note to be a forgery. I referred to tho information sent me only an hour or bo earlier as to this identical note. '. ' This is not tho identical note,' was the roply. ' An exchange bus been effected.' ' ' But it never left my hand,' I protested, exsept for about a minute while tho police man examined it. ' I Tho Bank official looked gravo. ' It was a clever trick,' ho said. . | ' But tho policeman ? ' | ' An accomplice without doubt. I never heard of a more cunningly-devised swindle.' Years have passed since I lost sight of that receding cab in a London thoroughfare, and no news of either Archdeacon or policeman lias ever since rcacncci me. 111c anair was a great difficulty in my rareer, but I outlived the misfortune, and can afford to speculate with good humour on the possibilities of the ease. I still remember tho Archdea2on with a kind of affection, and I never see tho form of a tall, dignified ecclesiastic enter our place of business without a thrill of half expeetation that hero is my venerable friend returning to tell me the sequel of this tale, and to recount to mo all he has suffered, since I saw him, at the hands of that ingoni 0113 and villainous robber — tho pretended policeman. And at these moments I am fain to put out of mind the glaring fact that inquiries made throughout ? shire had rosultod in assuring me of tho absolute non-existence of Archdeacon Sutherland, and tho Venernblo Bedo-Hall, his interesting residence. ' (The End.) 