, . . , . *w TBE BEAOTY OF IT, (By ''Taokra.') ?; M. JU XL Ci IB ' Ui.UUu ^v Wrttten about Cir ? -^mk\ cular Quay, but few ^^tffl^^a ever write of its n^SB | beauties, its pathos, ST ?! its originalities. . gfr ?? j The restless ebb Bgb I I and flow of the city RHLjI I throbs like a great iflHffl Usb* heart between Cir- i ffiWB UHl oular Quay and Red- i SHamfefii fern Station, and Pjfj8y3§»BP from either place ra- | WBjZ^S^--- diate nerves of pul- j ''^^ i '^li '''T* life— from the j S:? quay vessels travel j a_ all over, the world, W^ from the station i 3^ trains fly all over ] c the Austral world. ^ The Circular Quay ^» has many pictu resque aspects, from sunrise till sunset. .at peace, or full of life, in rain or sunshine; ana at night there are pictures to keep poet, artist, ?or thinker happily at work. Some ocean liners ?of varied nationalities lie alongside the grey wharves, veiled in canvas while coaling from -the quaint, workaday colliers (stained and untidy from many days at sea) ; others spruce and trim ?With fresh paint are panting to be freed from the anchor's thraldom by puffing little steam tugs. There is not a day but is full of interest, watch Ing the unceasing loading or unloading of fan tastic and unwieldy packages, which are swung up from the dark depths of the holds on to the already overladen wharf. The arrival and depar ture create quite a commotion among the ferry steamers, which' have to show oftentimes most self-effacing qualities. The Quay Is associated with many happy home comings and sorrowful outgoings. The sunshine Jxas faded from many lives as the great steamer )ias glided round the point where the old fort Stands; while amid the indistinct crowds on deck Mid ashore the white gleams of farewell waving Crow faint, and fainter, till, with aching heart and stifled sobbing, each turns away with the bitter-sweet memory of the last loving touch, the clinging kiss, the lingering look, then silence and night— while the life of the noisy shipping Tgoes on as usual— the turmoil of loading, the shouts, the laughter, the clanking of chains, snatches of sea song, until another big steamer is in. So the days go on. The happy home com ings are so delightful that all those who are near gain a little more sunshine; and the memory of laughing voices, merry smiles, and unity is like a sunlit wavelet dancing in your, heart. The ferry steamers twist and turn in and out, and across, with wonderful regularity and free- j dom from accident, and take you in a very short j time to most of the prettiest bush lands of me ; harboT. These steamers are our bridge over the j harbor at present, and are thronged night an£ i morning by dwellers over the water. The ships i arrive looking dishevelled and weary, stained with j long travel; but after a short, dreamless sleep at ? anchor in the restful harbor, the vessels seem ! full of fresh life and vigor. The sailing ships, ! with . their bright coloring, graceful masts and ! rigging, and generally dreamy appearance, are a charm we could hot do without. A few weeks at the busy wharves serve to change the burden of their song, and they are outward bound; with a shake to their folded white pinions, and the puls- j tog echoes of the old sweet chanty, 'Yo to, my lads, we're homeward bound.' Here and there one sees a dilapidated old steamer creeping along, ?whose only virtue is its picturesque aspect The gaunt,' sepulchral looking warehouses are al ways full of life inside, and peeps of it may be load from open doorways, where piles of skins, bales of wool, barrels of tallow, sacks of grain, etc., are. being tossed about by brawny men and great steel claws, which latter keep clear of, as ?they respect no person. Omnibuses travel up and down ? all day long, and half the night, and the cries of the drivers as they crawl along the Quay picking up passengers from the ferries are varied and distracting to a pilgrim like myself. The horses sniff the frssh .pir gratefully after the toil of the city, and many a yarn the drivers spin as they rest for a spell among the sailor men' that- drift about all. seaside cities. Cabs skim about hither and thither in search of fares; some rush breathlessly up to a jetty with a fare, who Just misses the steamer because the turnstile maliciously refuses to let !him through in -time; another cab fare is being crushed into dust by -fee withering sarcasm of a cabby, who looks' on a shilling as a 'sneak's fee;' while yet another is rejoicing at receiving 5s to catch a steamer for New Zealand, advertised to tetart at 4 p.m., and it is now striking the rich, deep chimes from the G.P.O.; but the cabby knows from secret sources she will not go till midnight. Cabs drive up, and boxes fall out pell mell; then tired folks and sleepy children are Keen bearing trophies from the bush, curly- tailed opossums in boxes, native bears with their snub noses, chattering cockatoos, spiteful magpies, gentle wallabies, lovable kangaroo rats, bunches of gay flowers, rushes, boxes of fruit, and luxuri ant ferns; while a parrot of many-colored feath- j era wsreechesout, 'Oh, my, I'm not such a fool aa I look. Oh— my — for — I'm going to be an angel by-and-bye — by-and-bye!' And the people all ! about pass by and laugh merrily at the quaint, apt i ?expressions of the gay, queer bird. S In the morning, 'Sydney Morning Herald,' 'Te- | legrapli.' In the evening, 'Evening News,' i j'S£ar,'-cry the boys of all ages; types, and condi- j tions, loitering under the shady ferry verandahs, «r darting to meet customers as they hurry across the Quay— no boy Interferes with his pal's pro perty. The shades lengthen, the distant North (Shore growB darker, the reflections of the vessels «r« less clear, the water under the wharves grows '- Wack and gloomy, the shadows creep fantastically | ? Over the erstwhile sunlit bay, the veil of twilight i ?oftens all the edges of rugged buildings, and ! throws a glamor over this crescent of steamer- j laden, throbbing, mysterious, fascinating seaside i Site. The ferry-boats are racing in, and it is ! *Ime to go home. - : A wet night ! I have often wandered round the Quay on a wet ' Slight, and many a. delightful bit of scenery can be seen. Standing on the wharf, under shelter, I look out into the wet darkness; I see the gaiJy ?lit ferry steamers, some gliding swiftly along, leaving a luminous wake on the grey white-tipped '?waters; trthers creeping up to the wharves, as though glad to get a rest from the rough buffeting «n the trip across. I like this scene— the canvas Cloaked steamer, with patches and streaks of ?warm light showing; the steamer men in their Shiny oilskins, grotesquely picturesque as they throw, the ropes, and put out the planks; the crowd of passengers, some In pretty summer gowns and hate, -all damp and crumpled, others In thick cloaks; others, again, in half and half attire, showing in such curious effects of black white, ana yellow light, 'with splashes of color] and beyond and around the murky darkness of night, the sad, sobbing grey sea, and the blurred lines of masts and hulls of vessels. Come with me, and I will show, you many other wings that I lov*, and want you to see as I see. Along the -Quay, how the music throbs and thrills the air, and seems to make you forget that it is wet and chilly. The harp aha violin can make you feel as nothing else can, and as the sweet notes ebb and flow in plaintive airs, the crowd gathers round the wharf, or leans over the railings, sad the musicians on the boat play on, unconscious that their -strains are thrilling many aearts.. _...-...., . , . .' .,. ^ All sortS-Of .people are to be found on the Quay on wet nights— those who come for fun and frolic, those who fcav-e business, there, those who have no homes, and those who are troubled and far from home; and— I have often watched the faces «s the music played, and their stories were writ plain, generally the pitiful story of. poverty and coming down. : An! but I am dwelling on the sor row, of -it; '?'.'?' ? Come ft little further on. The brass band plays on ft -moonlight excursion boat; it most al ways rains on a moonlight night here, but the snug^ steamer, with tfer myriad lights, still, does her trip, and everyone enjoys It. -These tricpers ? don't mind About the moonlight a bit; they like the fun and BIrting and nonsense set to music! The band sings patriotic airs, with a big brass ?voice; it takes pet*ple by: statin, and they sing snatches of -the popular songs, while their laces are bright, aarSieir hearts. leap with pride, for, for the moment are they not 'Soldiers of the ^neen' ^narcliliig^to glory! , - ♦ v ^Botne «. Ji£&1fftrULer. .1 want to show you a wightful bltr-fiere, .lean over the rail, and look ?long: to ^theSigfatr^he heavy, knists -are sweeping ? ;*??&'1i'* '90M& :*Teatbjtf |he snrtfcftbe i£lng; Winer and hig&tf;, and threaten to swamp a *mall toat iHrttia* twt *o a Tease; in the stream. ;The: ?^iry *t*^D«» »*«m ts be -t rest awhil., f or it I^late.^aHli^lrvrMklfliieejlyjSn*: The blade hulls of the. great steamers seam to frown, and a few lights stream on the sea in flickering gold and ruby and emerald shafts, while in the centre of the picture is tfnly dim, still night. Suddenly the swirling black, grey-tipped clouds break apart, and the moon sails out in all her glory, calm, serene, as though Bhe had been asleep; the brilliant moonlight shatters the rugged, jagged clouds, and falls like a shower 'of arrows of light into the Cove. In the track of Sheeny; angry water lies a craft— a quaint, old vessel, with. heavy bows, and square stern, with her sails half furled, and her red light quivering on the crested wavelets, while the moonbeams dance round her, and make her a picture, indeed. The electric trams make a brilliant bit of color on a dark night as they rush'down the Quay; their ruby and white windows throw shafts of light on the passers-by that make the picture like a kaleidoscope. The graceful curves they take at the final loop are really pretty, and make me think of fireflies, as long as it is dark enough to hide the tram' itself. Speaking of picturesque things at the Quay, can anything surpass the groupB of Oriental seamen, with their weird, dark faces, and gay clothes, and silk sashes, who are always to be seen walking along, with Eastern ease -and charming nonchal ance? One carries a handful of bright handker chiefs, another a parcel of curious sweets, another a bundle of carved sticks, another a bird in a cage, while another offers all kinds of brilliant oddities no one artistic can resist, backed by his liquid, pleading eyes, and slow, musical, 'Buy, iaidee, please; prettee tings; me ver pooah; ver naiceV' A scarlet sash, a blue shirt, a gold-embroidered zouave, a yellow turban, a brown face, and the background of ships and steamers and water — another picture. Then we have the foreign sailors, with their gold, their colored caps and jerseys, their striking coloring, and merry, happy-go- lucky ways. Have you ever noticed them as they go by, with their snatches of song and loud laughter and roving eyes? Our British sailors and soldiers, too, are they not part of the Quay at all times? Can we imagine it without groups of our merry boys in blue and scarlet frolicing along, Just from their ships, or going back with perhaps a drop too much aboard, but always goodnatured and full of fun— just like a lot of children when ashore, and the best of men at sea. Many a picture they unconsciously make as they stand about, and there's no doubt everyone 'loves Jack.' I wonder how many people notice the workmen of the wharves, who in their own way help to make up the picture we see at the Quay. Their thines are often torn. wornrand soiled, but they tone in with the old warehouses and stained nuns as though it was designed. The luncheon parties are merry enough, and several times I have had a cup of tea from the black billy, and eaten bread and cheese in al fresco fashion, sitting on a log under the lee of the sheds, and enjoyed it too. A group of workmen is picturesque enough, their colored shirts and handkerchiefs giving a touch of color worth looking at. Whenever I walk round the Quay very lr.te at night it seems quiet and sad. The last boats have gone, with their, chattering, gaily-clad theatre folks, and the water lies at rest, the few lights reflecting steadily in the dark clear depths. I stand at one place and look over—ah, I cannot slay long! I remember it was here that the bridge broke and the little 'helpless children fell into the dark, cruel depths, while mothers and fathers stood by and could not help— I was here, and I seem to hear again the sobbing and cries for help meet of them were saved, but some went h*me that night but not to the earthly home, where only sorrowing calls were heard for the one whose place is empty. I always seem to see thi« picture here, and I hurry away, for the wa ter's 'lap^lap' on the cold stone wall is like a sobbing that cuts you to the heart, the unceasing ncss of it. .. There are other corners where It seems to can you down, down. It looks ro peaceful and deep, and you are so tired of living, uncared for, poor, weary homeless; just a few steps and you are level with it, you can put your feet in, and just slip off the last step without even a splash, and you can see yourself sinking, sinking, gently, peacefully to rest— no one will know— no— not till the time when the poor wornout shell rises to the surface, and is found under dim wharves, or on the rocks nearer the sea. I am growing sad again, but there is so much of sorrow here on the Quay, in spite of the rattle of the bright trams, the music, the busy ferries, the 'buses and the myriads of people. There are brilliant scenes at the Quay often, when soldiers and sailors gather, and thousands of people shout themselves hoarse while a Go vernor arrives or a Contingent goes away, and our Quay forms a splendid background for the glory of it. From the hills above it is good to look down on, it looks like a garden, a jewelled parterre, with a setting worthy of it. I sometimes go down there and shut my eyes and think I see it as it was in the early, early, days, when a streamlet sang merrily a pagan song, and the forest primeval stood in stately splendor about this bay with its rugged rocks and wide beach. I see the quaint old ships come in like ghosts, I see the Governor land, I see the natives come down in defiance, xtnd just as I am about to hear the proclamation read, claim ing Australia incognita as a British possession — I awake! — and there's too many trams running here for day dreaming. Early mining— I don't suppose that many of you have seen the Quay at very early morning, except travellers by the all-night 'Possum, who are ' generally too sleepy to do anything bjut yawn and nod. I came over one summer morning just as the day was '' breaking, and how beautiful the view was to me. I stood on the hillside, where the quaint stores and houses cluster, thickly, and with a foreground of picturesque gables, ?weather-stained walls, and deep cuttings, I looked out. The twilight of early morn was over everything like a mist; the buildings showed with blurred edges through wreaths of last night's smoke and new day's mists; while here and there lights burnt dim and yellow, as though they felt ashamed to be there. A wonderful stillness was over every thing; a silence that crept about me like a pre sence; and the greyness seemed as though the world were dead, and would never wake again. I saw a few cats creep noiselessly along, sniff the air, and fly up the first passage; a dqg near by stretched himself sleepily, then yawned, and snug gled his nose under, his paw again; a drunken man stumbled along towards Flagstaff . Hill, swearing as his hat fell off, and he stupidly looked at it, lurched forward, and, missing it, rolled over and lay huddled up in a corner; a -market cart rattled by below me, with .piled up fruit boxes fpr the big sea ships to carry away; and here and there an early wayfarer slipped along the. silent street like a shadow. I stood leaning on the wall, looking across the bay, and .it seemed as though everything still slept; the big steamers, with their attendant colliers; the sailing ships, with their streaks of half-finished color and motionless rig ging; the empty ferry wharves; the small sleepy luggers; the silent tramlines; add -the still grey water, with the still grey sky above. The masts, funnels, rigging, and hulls looked queeriy wraith-like — grey and still as sky and sea. I turned away a' moment, as I heard the dog snarl at another cur who had. dug up his bone, and when I turned — . Ah, how I. wish you could feel the beauty of it , In one moment tlie sun had risen above the wall of grey clouds, and flooded the scene with scarlet and gold, which edged the. grey clouds about it, and flung itself like a glorious wave over the cove, turning the colorless water to an opal glow, and lighting up the points with gold; while the masts and rigging and hulls, the.wharves and the stores, caught the mystical blended' light and woke to the joy of living. ''',.' * 