LOCAL AND GENERAL ITEMS. -o- Kiama Show Thursday and Friday next, 25th and 26th instants.* The Robertson School of Arts have a credit balance of £25, after the past year's transactions. In our notice of the Rev. H. Wheen's lecture, a mistake inadvertently oc- curred. Mr. E. Parker sang the patriotic song, " The British Lion," not Mr. Parr, as stated. The members of the district choir that competed at the recent Newcastle Eistedfod held a most successful social in the Town-hall, Wollongong, on Friday night. It has been decided to, hold an Eistedfod in Wollongong in May, Miss Elsie Lord, of Berry, has secured a High School scholarship. A pressure of advertisements in this issue compels us to hold over a number of items of news till Thursday. Will e Lane, of Bomaderry, succumbed to an attack of typhoid fever on Tues- day last. The WINNING NUMBER R C. Sports Boxing Day Sulky is 1347 ; in Organ Art Union 1201.—* It is reported that Major: H. O. McCabe and family will shortly leave for Western Australia. The Nowra lands revenue, last year was £5091/5/7, including £1027/7/8 for mining leases. The Kiama show on Thursday and Fri- day of this week promises to be the most successful held on the coast so far this season. Miss Mary Taylor, of West Dapto, was married at Dapto on Wednesday last to Mr. Henry Charles Brown, of the Smelting Company, Dapto. Mr. S. T. D. Symons, the well-known veterinary surgeon, will probably take a trip to South Africa shortly on behalf of the N.S.W. Government, Mrs. Humphreys, of Wollongong (whose husband was injured in an en- gagement near Ladysmith, a few months ago) has received a draft from a Natal relief fund. The gate receipts at the Albion Park show last week were £16 for the first day and £53 for the second—an in- crease of £11 upon the previous year's receipts. At a meeting of suppliers to the Albion Park Dairy Company last week the action of the directors in resolving to stick to the Farmers' Co-operative Company was endorsed. Amongst recent obituary notices in the Richmond River papers are those of two old South Coast residents—Mr. John Armstrong (father of Mr. Thos. Arm- strong, J.P., Tullimbar), in his 87th year, and Mr. Hector McPherson, formerly of Shoalhaven, aged 59. At the half-yearly meeting of the Nowra School of Arts the report dis- closed a credit balance. In the last three years £200 had been paid in re- duction of the building debt, which is now £700; a reduction of £1800 in nine years, The Albion Park "Herald" thus refers to the Kiama Show : The Kiama Show on Thursday and Friday next promises to be an unusually big boom. Special railway arrangements will no doubt induce a large number of metro- politan folks to kill two birds with the one stone—see a grand agricultural display and enjoy glimpses of the beau- tiful scenery on route to and from the Manly of Illawarra. The next meeting of directors of the Illawarra Co-operative Milk Company is fixed for Friday next, and in a few days they hope to be in a position to order site, machinery and all requisites. The canvassers for shares are:—Albion Park, Messrs. J. Bradney and C. E. Weston ; Shellharbor, Messrs. George Gray and W. H. Sharpe; Jamberoo and Kiama, Messrs. W. Dymock and Duggan; Dapto and Avondale, Messrs. W. J. Brown and W. Atkinson, John Woods, on remand, was charged before Mr. Nisbett, P.M., at the Nowra Court on Wednesday last with stealing a hide, the property of Mr. Edward Pritchard, of Numba. The accused, when arrested by Constable Gill, repudi- ated the charge and said he knew noth- ing about hides alleged to have been stolen from Mr. Pritchard. J. Madden was also charged with stealing a hide from Mr. Pritchard. Mrs. Madden, Sergeant Crawley and Constable Gill gave evidence. Woods was fined 20s or 14 days' imprisonment ; and Madden was sentenced to two months gaol at Wollongong. The R.M.S. Ortona, which left Sydney on Saturday took 5912 boxes of butter for the English market. Of that amount 1560 boxes were from Queensland. The shippers of the Sydney portion were :—Fresh Food and Ice Company 1050 boxes, Creamery Butter Company 800, Foley Bros. 750, Berrima District Company 500, Hawken and Vance 240, Farmers' Co-operative Company 234, R. Hall and Son 163, W. and A. McArthur 150, T. Clarke 115, Australian Dairy Company 100, H. Prescott and Company 50, J. Ireland 60, and Kerr 20, One of the funniest fishing ex- periences we have ever heard of (and which has the additional merit of being positively a fact) has just been related to us. The author, who resides just outside Kiama, had been told that frogs made splendid bait for perch. He forthwith procured some and set off for the upper reaches of the Minnamurra River, near the swamp, where these fish are said to abound. He carefully baited his hook with a live frog, and threw out his line. Extreme noiseless- ness being one of the essentials to successful perch angling, the patient fisherman sat perfectly still for upwards of an hour, but without even the ghost of a nibble. At length, becoming tired of the game, he was about to rise and take his departure, but on turning his head what was his amazement to see the frog he had baited his hook with sitting quietly on the bank beside him, looking up into his face ! Claret and Hock for the Summer, sound and matured ; don't drink young wines, as they give gravel and other troubles; 27/- and 21/- per doz. Turner & Co,, Sydney. A TESTIMONIAL We have used Chamberlain's Cough Remedy in our home for many years, and bear cheerful testimony to its value as a medicine, which should be in every family. In coughs and colds we hove found it to be efficacious, and in croup and whooping cough in children we deem it indispensable. -H P. Ritter. 4127 Fairfax ave.. St Louis, Mo. For sale by Alleyne Farr, Chemist, Royal Exchange Whisky, possessing an agreeable flavor and aroma ; 41/6 per doz. Turner & Co,, Sydney. 