VALEDICTORY. FAREWELL TO REV. J. W. MOORE AND FAMILY. WELCOME TO REV. J. A. WADDELL. (Contributed.) THE recent Conference having transmitted the Rev. J. W. Moore (who has completed his three years' term of ministry in the Kiama Wesleyan Circuit) to Rockdale, and having designated the Rev. J. A. Waddell of that place as his successor, the friends of the Wesleyan Church held a great rally on Thursday evening to bid good-bye to the one and extend cordial welcome to the other. THE TEA MEETING. At 6.30 the tables were spread in the School Hall, and a very large number of the adherents of the Church from the several parts of the circuit, together with representatives of other churches, partook of tea together. The viands were provided by the ladies of the Kiama congregation, and the repast was both sumptuous and admirably arranged. The following ladies presided at the tables:—Misses Kendall, Mesdames George Knight, John East, T. Holden, W. Finlayson, W. Fraser, S. Wilcockson, J. Weston and Jas. Somerville. THE PUBLIC MEETING. After the tea meeting, a large congre- gation gathered in the Church, and after the singing of a hymn, prayer was offered by the Rev. Thos. Moore, of Gerringong. Apologies for unavoidable absence were read from the Revs. G. E. Gibbes, B. Stephens and R. Miller, B.A., and Messrs. John Nelson and T. A. Noble. The Chairman, Mr. G. A. Somerville (one of the Circuit Stewards) then took charge of the meeting. He spoke in terms of appreciation, of the character and work of the departing minister. Mr. Moore had always be believed, sought the highest good of the people; his sermons had al- ways been characterised by great thought- fulness and power; and he reminded the audience that a sermon was not necessarily good if short and poor if somewhat long. This erroneous standard of judgment, he feared, was too commonly accepted. His own official relations with Mr. Moore had been amicable throughout, and, seeing that he occupied the triple position of circuit steward, trustee and local preacher, he was able, as representing various departments of the Church's interests, to wish Mr. and Mrs. Moore and family a very hearty good- bye. There were few Methodists to be found who were not loyal enough to rally round their own ministers, and to wish them every good. To the Rev. J. A. Waddell, Mrs. Waddell and family he offered a very warm welcome. The circuit was very pleased with the appointment, and he believed Mr. Waddell's term of ministry would be a most pleasant and profitable one. The Choir rendered the anthem, "Wake my Glory," with very good effect. The Rev. T. Moore (Gerringong) said that flattery often characterised meetings of that kind. He, however, had come to speak a few brotherly and honest words. He could speak in genuine praise of Mr. Moore's worth, for he had known him for many years. He was a good preacher, and, he believed, a faithful pastor. The minister's place of true authority and power was the pulpit, and that place the departing Minister had striven to fill worthily. Good hearers as well as good preachers were needed in these days, and the people would get profit from the ministry of the Word only as they brought to the hearing of that Word rever- ent and believing hearts. Methodists every- where, he had found (and he could speak as a former Wesleyan minister) were a loyal people, especially to their pastor. He had also known Mr. Waddell for many years/ He was brimful of wit, but it all lay in the direction of goodness. He was a thorough going Protestant who would fight judici- ously when the occasion arose. He con- gratulated the circuit on the appointment of M. Waddell, who would prove to be an acquisition to the district. In the absence of Mr. T. A. Noble he thought he could also voice the feelings of the Wesleyan com- munity at Gerringong in what he had said. He wished the Rev. J. W. Moore "God Speed," aptly remarking that if the words of appreciation spoken at farewell meetings were spread over the whole term of a Minis- ter's residence in a charge, it would be a great stimulus and encouragement, for ministers were very human and were cheered by kind words, and sometimes dis- couraged by the want of them. A duet, "What do the Angels Dream of," was then rendered by Miss Cocks and Mrs. Holden. Mr. C. W. Craig, J.P., in the absence of Mr. John Nelson, spoke a few words of farewell and greeting from the Jamberoo people. He testified to the sterling work done by Mr. Moore. He was sorry the itinerent law, which seemed to be like the law of the Medes and Persians, was com- pelling his removal. He favoured a length- ening of the term of the itinerancy. Mr. Moore would leave with the hearty goodwill of all the Jamberoo congregation. To Mr. Waddell he could extend, on behalf of the Jamberoo congregation, a sincere welcome. The Rev. Harold Wheen sang "The Holy City." Mr. T. James spoke for Shellharbour. He was a representative, not a delegate, from Shellharbour. He understood that to mean that he could say whatever he liked, not what he had been told to say. His relations with Mr. Moore had been of the happiest, he had personally benefitted much by his ministry. It had been said that his sermons were long; he would add that they were tall; evidencing both great thought and learn- ing. He had not agreed always with Mr. Moore's policy but as a minister he es- teemed him second to none he had met. They knew Mr. Waddell by his writings, and gave him a hearty welcome. The Rev. Harold Wheen said he was that night very commonplace and unromantic, for he was neither beginning nor ending a term of ministry. They had come to watch Mr. Moore's sun set ecclesiastically, but they congratulated him that he was going to gild and brighten another Methodist hemisphere. They were on the watchtower to see Mr. Waddell's sun rise, and were wondering what sort of weather they would have for the next three years. Both the words—'farewell' and 'welcome'—were good words. They seemed to indicate that one man's ministry ended well, and the other's began, well. He was of opinion that Methodist ministers should change their spheres of labour triennially. He was very con- servative of things that had made them great and given them a foremost place among the churches of the land. The three years' system, among other things, had contributed to this. They were conservative of such things as the sun's rising and setting and the rotation of the seasons, and would not have them altered. Why should they alter that which worked satisfactorily? Some ministers were wintry men, who had Jack Frost's work to do. They broke up and broke down; they spoke biting words sometimes. Others were like the spring time—genial and gentle, but they needed both winter and spring, and the Methodist economy pro- vided for this rotation of the seasons. Their ministers, he thought, were a well-assorted lot of men. It was good for the men themselves that they should change their sphere of labour, as it saved them from narrowness, made them many-sided, and called out all their resources. His esteem for Mr. Moore was high; their personal friendship had been very real, though he might sometimes have criticised Mr. Moore's methods. He endorsed the re- solution carried at the quarterly meeting the day previous, which was as follows:— "This quarterly meeting, in taking leave of Rev. J. W. Moore, places on record the high esteem in which it holds his personal character, desired to express its thankful- ness for the spirituality of his ministry in this Circuit, and especially to assure him that his term of service among us will be remembered chiefly by reason of the gracious revival of God's work that took place in several of our Churches during the year 1899." To Mr. and Mrs. Waddell he most cordially said "Welcome to Kiama." After the choir had rendered an anthem, The Rev. J. Burgess, M.A., said he would vote for the extension of the three years if he had a vote. Let them remeber that little things demanding some time, money and consecrated effort, done for their min- ister, would make his service more effective and would greatly hearten him in his work. He be poke for Mr. Waddell their kindly sympathy, and on behalf of the District Ministers Union welcomed him to their midst. He had got on well with Mr. Moore, they had often met on the platform of broad Christian principles. They were not ministers of a particular congregation merely, but of the Body of Christ. For his own people and the Union he said good-bye and God-speed to Mr. Moore. The Rev. J. W. Moore spoke words of farewell. He reciprocated the kindly senti- ments that had been expressed. Three things tended to make his term in the Kiama circuit memorable. He had spent a very happy and blessed time among them. Then there was the great spiritual uplifting of last year to which Mr. Wheen had re- ferred. Whatever else he might forget, he should not forget that. He and his col- league had some precious times together, and if they had not seen eye to eye always, they knew enough to respect and love each other. Then his silver wedding had been celebrated in Kiama. No one was more conscious of his defects than himself, but he had tried to benefit his people. The sermons he had preached had been bred, born and built up in prayer and study. It was better to pelt sinners with blue metal than with flowers, and he had said straight and severe things at times. He was a lover of the young, and in Sunday School and Christian Endeavour Society he had striven hard for them, for he believed that the salvation of the country depended on their young people. His last word to the young folas that night was 'Be loyal to your Church! Do not forget Jesus.' The Rev. J. A. Waddell acknowledged the greetings and warm welcome extended to himself and his wife. He was delighted with the appearance of the district, showing indications of a returning prosperity. Thirty years ago he had visited Kiama but the frosts of many winters had since then made him an old man. He, too believed in the itinerant system which tended to circulate talents. Some of their ministers were evangelistic, some financiers, able to grapple with grave trust problems, some, like Mr. Moore, were profound preachers. He was a lover of the sister churches and was himself born a Presby- terian; he had also learned the whole of the Anglican catechism, and firmly believed that their prejudices were largely ghosts of the imagination that would be 'layed' by a little more light. He was particularly glad to have the Rev. H. Wheen as a colleague. He thought a preacher's wife should find her chief place in her own home, but should also be ready to give attention to all who needed her help. He looked forward to a really happy time in Kiama. He should preach the old doctrines and hoped by God's blessing to prove himself the right man in the right place. PRESENTATIONS. At this stage the Rev. Harold Wheen presented to Mr. Moore a silver pencil case from the Endeavourers; to Mrs. Moore— who has toiled unremittingly in the in- terests of the Ladies' Work Basket—a handsome E-plated teapot. In making this presentation on behalf of the ladies, Mr. Wheen remarked that too much could not be said in praise of the recipient, who had won her way into a warm and abiding place in the hearts of the people. Miss Ada Moore received from the Junior En- deavour Society (of which she has been secretary since its initiation) a silver ser- viette ring. Miss Edie Moore was pre- sented by Mrs. Holden, as teacher of the Young Women's class, with a set of Miss Havergal's works. On behalf of the Sun- day School Mr. Ritchie presented Miss E. Moore with a handsome volume of hymns and tunes, and Mr. Manyweathers pre- sented a similar volume to Miss Moore, both of whom have been devoted teachers in the School. Opportunity was taken by Mrs. Holden also to present Miss Gentz (who is leaving the district) with a volume entitled "Daily Light." These pleasant functions concluded, the gifts acknowledged, Mr. James Somerville (for the Trustees) thanked the ladies who had provided the tea, and a memorable meeting closed with devotional exercises. 