CHAPhER XXIV. One by one the men-servants' returned ; and none of them had any news of Sir Karl. No one had either seen or heard anything of him. When the clock struck eight, Lady Allenmore came downstairs looking the ghost of herself. The servants gazed at her in wonder, as at one over whom a great calamnity hung. She sont.for -John Frodsham. 'You have no news for me ? ' she said. 'No, my lady, no nows ;' and the old man's face was pale and worn. He did not -look at hoi ; ho shrank from meeting her eyes. Quick as thought, she criod out- ' You know something, Frodsham, and you are keeping it from me ! ' 'I. know nothing, my lady,' le answered ; 'but, if I may make a suggestion, it is that your ladyship should send for some friend -some gentleman-the Squire perhaps, or Lord Rhysworth.' 'I will send for both,' she said. ' Give orders, Frosham, at once I ' John Frodsham did so ; and she felt some little relief. But she could not rest She waudored from room to room, through the ground and gardons, anid along the terraces, always with the vague idea. that she would find Sir Karl or hear of him SThen she became conscious of something that annoyed and perplexed her. Wherever she woent in the house she found groups of servants whispering. They broke off abruptly when they saw her ; and in each she perceived, a peculiar expression, as though they know something, .:but would not, or could not, impart. it. She felt as though an atmosphere of mystery sur rounded her. Alih, if lie would but come the sight of him would dispel all this ! Once she spoke to the women-servants more sternly than she had over spoken before. ' Is there anything kept from • my know ledge,' she asked, that you whisper to getlier and look so strange ? : 'No, my lady,' was the answer; but one by one they stole away lest she should ask them more. Lord Rhysworth was the first who came. He looked in surprise at the boeutiful face the face he had always soon so bright and radiant, but which was now so full of terrible pain. Lady Allanmoro hold out her halin to him in greeting, and clung quito unconsciously to him. It was as though she had found a friend in the midst of her dis tress. 'I am in giteat trouble,~ Lord Rhysworth,' she said. 'Sir Karl loft me last evening at half-past sevon to transact some business, and nothing has been heard of him since.' [To Bs 0Cow0msUo.3 