Melbourne Sporting Notes. * i (From Our Own Correspondent.) I Monday. Mentone on Wednesday furnished a kind of first course to the big banquet for Saturday at Flemington. Though the public muster was a numerous one, many punters no doubt .wished they had stayed away, as the ringmen had much the better of the battle at the close of the day. A capital field saw the post for the Hurdle Race, for which the good-looking Bathurst Burr was served up favorite: It was decided, however, to give Rackstraw a try out, and the punting bri gade fancied his chances so much that he was only half a point longer in favoritism than the Burr. Altairs also carried a good deal of spare cash, but a nice price was always obtainable about Insult. Rackstraw ran exceedingly well, but Insult had no difficulty in beating him from the half- distance. Still the Riverina horse's form was considered distinctly promising. J. H. Davis picks up some very useful horses, and few of his string have proved more profitable in suburban fixtures than Kooma. Strange to say, though he was fairly well backed, neither his name nor that of his jockey's, could be found on the boards, but that he was present he soon made manifest by taking command at the distance, and Capador made a fine run at him, but could not quite get on terms, the judge declaring in favor of Mama's I son by half a head. The favorite, Liberty, had I to be content with third honors. The Steeple chase field was not remarkable, either for num 'bers or quality. Haut Ton and Bones were the public fancies, but both Euro and Fishhook were well supported. The race was a good one, Bones making the pace from the start, and he would probably have won had the last fence not been responsible for-his downfall. Then a clever bit of riding by Edge on Euro enabled the latter to just beat Fishhook home by half a length. Back ers found a friend in Youthless for the Mentone Purse, as, supported down to twos, she never gave the others a show, winning easily by a couple of lengths from First Lady and Kola. A big field, including Aquarius, Cintra, and old Brighton, took part in the Jumpers' Flat Race. Cynic, however, started a warm favorite, but a long price was available about Cintra, who came ?with a great rattVe at the business-end of ihe journey, .and beat Brighton, the second favorite, with several lengths to spare. No less than 22 horses^colored for the Welter Handicap, and again backers received a nasty facer in Utah's victory. Foret was favorite at barrier-rise, with Com quist and Malbia most in demand of the others. During the race Foret was interfered with, and failed to reach Utah, who sent the ringmen home on good terms with themselves. Backers will not forget the Grand Na tional Hurdle Race day of 1900 in a hurry, and mar.y of them might well have wished that they had. "held the bag" for that day at least. Still, some of the ringmen tell me there was not much money about. The crowd looked prosperous and well-dressed, but they were not prepared to plank down the coin to any great extent. Though- the game- - is certainly not played as it once was, I-."would still be prepared, to take . over the average ring "div" for a few months' work, and then do a trip to "gay Paree" at the finish. ]'ven money . Wait-a-Bit, 15 Griselda, 33 Aquarius, 7 to 2 Wooral, 10 to 1 Chit-Chat is a record that the poor punter does not wish to see again in a hurry. On the Friday the weather looked very dubious, but prophecies of a wet Na tional were fortunately not fulfilled, and a more delightful day could not have been" secured had the V.R.C. given special orders for it. The at tendance was quite up to the standard, judging by general appearances, and the racing, as a whole, was decidedly interesting. In the Maiden Hurdle, which initiated proceedings, it was only a matter of Wait- a-Bit standing up to win. Thus it was rather surprising to find him starting at even money; but it subsequently transpired that Delusion had done such good trial work that his party were emboldened to back him with confidence. As a matter of fact, the race really resolved itself into* a match between the pair. Wait-a-Bit some time ago gave promise of good jumping ability, and on Saturday he improved on the previous performance, though still rathei careful at the few first hurdles. The race was all over from the last hurdle, as though Delusion stuck gamely to the son of Malua he could not really extend the old horse from the distance. Still, he is a tolerably good sort, and will probably win a race before the close of the campaign. There was nothing first- class amongst the four teen youngsters who faced the barrier for the My ross Two-year-old Handicap. Examiner was considered to be nicely weighted, and his friends put the pieces on him so freely that he started a 4 to 1 favorite. ' The British Admiral and The Mariner we're fancied by a large number- of peo ple, but the chestnut, filly Griselda was virtually unbacked, and 15's were at any time obtainable about her. Sanâboy made slashing pace almost from the jump, and at the distance he looked all over a winner, but he could not see the fight through, as Griselda, coming with a capital dash of foot from the half-distance, wore him down, and won cleverly by a length._ There were no scratchings on the course in the Grand. National field, the nineteen-runners named on the card facing the starter. They were a very well- conditioned lot as far as .looks went, though one or two, such as Acton and The Sheik, might almost as well have been in their stables for a'l the chance they had of winning." Redeemer was not quite himself, and Reindeer, who finished so close to Pat in 1898, appears to be a back number. I rather liked the cut of New Warrior, the South Australian crack, though a rat-tail does not add to his attractions.' I'm inclined to think he can be considerably improved, and he may show us good form before he leaves for home, though, in the race his jumping was rather faulty. Goldr finder retained his position of favorite right up to barrier rise, nothing better than 5's being pn offer from the time the books started buBinfess, but his owner was not very sanguine, and his in vestment was moderate. Both Goldfinder and Arcadia, who was consistently backed, were apparently trained to the hour, and Beau Brummel appeared fit as hands could make him. He had done such slashing work on the track that his friends were confident of the result if he would only run generously. Aqua rius, with his forelegs bandaged, attracted little attention, and few gave him a chance after his poor Williamstown display. Old Borderer was apparently in great heart, but there was just a suspicion as to whether he could see the three miles out. The strong support accorded Rackstraw hy certain parties invested him with an atmos phere of mystery, hut he still seemed somewhat troubled with soreness. When the field lined up to the barrier, Beau Brummel gave an exhibition of his piggish nature by refusing for some time to face it. Acton, Borderer, and Aquarius played the most prominent part during the first two fur longs, but the former jumping badly soon dropped behind, and cantered in a quarter of a mile; be hind everything at the finish. The pace was very sound throughout, Arcadia making play at a rate which was probably responsible for his retire ment at the back the second time round. A won derful run was made here by Beau Brummel, who shot from the rear division to the lead in a couple of hundred yards. Perhaps his 3°ÇlS£y had to humor the rogue, but it looked a suicidlnNdnd of run. There, however, appeared no necessity" to put a long streak of daylight between him and his followers all round the home turn, as no horse breathing could be expected to sustain such an effort. Consequently it was not Surprising that Cripps's horse shut up when challenged in the straight by Insult. The latter did not appear to' see the last hurdle, and galloped slap into it. But for that mishap he was going so strongly that most people thought he would have won. He, however, badly interfered- with Goldfinder, and spoilt any chance he might have possessed. Then the . rank outsider Aquarius and Rackstraw fought out the finish in fine style, and Niagara's son just managed to secure the verdict by half a length, Goldfinder being a similar distance be hind Yeomans's horse. The' victory was received ' in absolute silence, as few of the public gave the horse a chance. His owner, it is understood, took a couple of hundreds, about him, and I knew one man who got 50 to 1* about him, and also holds .him in a dobule with Mysore. Of course he is well enough bred to win any race in the world, and it will be remembered that when owned by Redfearn he was first favorite for Carnage's Derby, but got cast in his box the night before, and had to be scratched. Subsequently he lost all form, and has been raced for some time past in the western district by Mr. M'Kenzie; who got him for £50, and handed him over to the care of Connolly. Rack straw ran well, and justified his friends' confi dence. Backers could not determine as to the re spective merits of Floater and . Wooral, in * the' Kensington Steeplechase, so they started equal fa vorites at 7 to 2, with B.B. and Hostile coupled at fives. B.B. went so well for three parts of the journey that it looked only a matter for him to stand up and win. This, however, he failed to do, as the fence near the-abattoirs brought him down. Floater was alongside Wooral over the last fence, but his pace failed up the straight, and Wooral secured an easy win from Hostile. D. Allen, who rode the winner (carrying half a stone overweight), has had very bad luck for some time past, and was warmly congratulated on the turn. A very good field, both as regards numbers and quality, contested the Winter Handicap, for which Orla and Glen Albyn were equal favorites at 6 to 1, Olaf a point longer, and Chit Chat at tens, though some of the published prices (supplied by the ringmen) quote the latter at sevens/Both-Orla and-Wild Raven ran well, but nothing had'the ghost of a show at the finish with Chit Chat, who won in a simple canter. The field for the Gránd National Steeplechase promises to be a thoroughly representative one, as several of the other colonies send candidates. After his rather feeble, display on Saturday, it looks as if Floater will not take on the contract, while Vigil's recent fall may probably rule ] him out, and Tremolo has done so poorly of late that his chance appears hardly worth the acceptance money. Blucher is also a doubtful starter, and probably not more than a dozen to fifteen will face the flag. We hear good accounts of Honeydew IL, but,, first- class as he may be, I would have thought more of his show had he been over here a week or two since. It must be remembered also that he will have to tace over his' jumps at Flemington, and possibly he has in the past not been unduly bustled right from the mark. Still, from what I can hear of him, he should be worth a saver. Crusado may plod along into a place if there be numerous falls, but the race seems to have resolved itself into a match between Chelsea and Mysore. As readers of this column know, I have always sworn by Chelsea since he began steeplechasing as a 3 year-old, and despite the bar sinister in his pedi gree I don't intend to desert him now. He is honest and game as a bulldog ant, and the only fear' is that he may not be quite seasoned enough to stay out à hard slogging three miles against a horse like Mysore. The latter is in fine nick now, but the grey is improving, and should just about beat Manifold's crack, though the struggle will probably be a tough one. While Midnight was being schooled over hurdles at "Caulfield a few days ago he fell'so heavily that 'serious, injuries resulted, and he had to be shot. ' Ranji, the N. S. Wales jumper, having become a permanent resident of this- colony, will in future be trained: by G. C. Rudings at^Caulfield. The St. Albans stud will-be- sold - on-August 10, the day before the Caulfield Grand National Steeplechase. T F. Maurice has purchased Dumb-bell, and will train him at the stables occupied till lately by A. M. Thomas. The latter intends to take action to have his case re-op'ened. The V.A.T. Club will this year be content with two days' racing for their Grand National campaign, the previous year's Wednesday meeting being struck out. They have correspondingly reduced the stake money from 4225 sovs to 3540 sovs. The most important alteration on the pro gramme is the substitution on the first day of the. .V.A.T.C. Autumn Challenge Cup for the Kembla Trial Steeplechase. " . . \ The Victorian Club's billiard tournament handi cap was annexed on. Thursday night by Mr. W. Wyatt, who played off the final with Mr. B. Allen. The winner's form was consistent and good throughout, though he had the better of the luck dn the final contest. Mr. Conyer's pair, Belemnite and Gunga Din, came- into the market during the week for the two Cups, the pair being blacked in doubles to win nearly £49,000. Messrs. Campbell and Sons will offer four Arab stallions at their stallion cale on the 17th of next month. The V.R.C. on Friday refused to renew the li censes of several bookmakers, including one well known paddock mersber of the ring. , Musgo and Spieler haVe.been turned out for a spell. Clamorous-ie also enjoying a rest/ but I Kalingo has returned to the Flemington tracks*; while Butler and Quatre Bras are up irom -Warr nambool.' * Abercrombie, an Abercorn gelding from Angora, hailing from Narrandera, has joined R. H. Frew'«:. ' string. , Dignity, who had a severe fall at Caulfield, ia now able to take mild track exercise. G. Whickey, the horseman who rode Rackstraw! in the G. National Hurdle, is a vnry capable rough rider. The other morning at Flemington he backed a had tempered* brother to Wimbopn, the steeplechaser. Though low in condition, tho horse made things very lively for a time, but utterly failed to dissolve the partnership. Whic key is now hacking him about Flemington. ^ In the paddock on Saturday at Flemington a notice was posted warning people who used foul language that they would-be removed from tho course. " Straightfire, by Grand Flaneur, who ran' second ,-T1 to Cremorne in the Caulfield Cup, and has for- a few seasons past been doing stud duty in tho country districts of Victoria, has revisited Mel-* bourne, to be treated for dental troubles. Lowland Chief, who has been indulged with at lengthened spell, during which he was gelded, haa been taken up by J. Leek at Flemington. 