TIE KM BE THE DARK HOUSE PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. By " KITA," ,.i Author of "Peg the Rake," "Kitty the Bag," ."Two Bad Blue Eyes," "A yqman Jn. It," . "Darby and. Joan," "The Grinding Mills of God," "A Daughter of the People," "A Husband of No Importance," &c.;, &c;, . . . ' " tlOPYR IC4HT. CHAPTER XIV.— (Continued.) . I mnrvellled, but even as I marvelled I could only recognise that, my own martyr- ' dctn had become a Joy, and that lu this new rllfe mysorrow was chastened and made llght. \- Miss Penharva said a great deal more, but .the gist of It remained the same, l lett tier with my mind at rest, and my heart overflow- ingwith. gratitude. True, 1 should not have my child much with me. I .was only to vlBit hint twice a year, but I had the satisfaction ot knowing he would be well cared for, and my Immediate anxiety wns over. 1 felt Fate had -been kinder than I deserved; and I began to , equip, myself for the battle before me with \- a. strength born of hope, and trustful of re sults. " When the child Is two months old I am to leave him. My plans are still somewhat In definite. I moan to go to London, seek a quiet lodging, and then commence to search \- . 1 or an engagement. There surely must be . plenty of openings for a good voice and quick "study," ns tliey call it. I don't expect much of an engagement. I am content to begin -,ut liie beginning and work up as others have dene before me. I, shall go to a dramatic agent, let him hear lhy voice, and put myself Into his hands. The result I must await with patience. »' ' ' » Moahwhlle trie quiet and rest and beautiful, air have quite brought back my strength and colour. T look like my old self once more, , and the misery of the past months Is almost Mf'gotten. 1 spend long sunny hours In the / it.it riled, walking lo and fro with the child In \- my arms. The days are never long or weari some now. He elves trie as much .occupation as 1 need, and fills the empty hours with new Interest. I dread the time of parting, and yet sometimes I long for it. The pulses at .life ure active. in my. .veins, and. 1. 'want to be "up and doing." I um tired of dreaminess and Idleness. I long to throw myself into work, and see If It is possible to realise my ambition. , Boihetimes a wild, longing comes over me for news from home; of those I left In ignor ance of my fate. I wish it were possible to let. them know of my well-being, but I dare, not— yet. ' , I look up at ..the shuttered windows— I think of that strange lonely life, martyred by a man's faithlessness, and I register a vow within my own heart to have nothing more to do with that life-wrecking passion called Love, to hold all' men In cold abhorrence, to look upon them as enemies. It seems quite possible now. I feel dead mentally and emo- 'tlonally to all sexual influences. The only warmth or softness in my nature is what my helpless child has called forth, and It only .'lives for him. But I suffer lesB, and I am thankful. I have learnt a bitter lesson. .The future will prove what fruit It has borne, or may bear. . . My last night here. - .. 1 have come to my room, after a long talk with Miss Penharva. I look round on all. that bus. no>v become familiarised by nsso- .- elation. It lias been a home to me, and God . knews when I shall find another. . .My box Is packed. There Is nothing more to do save make these last entries in my journal, und gather my child, to my breaat and seek for sleep. ' . How long it will seem till I hold him there againl My heart aches as I look at him and know that my eyes will not watch the -changes of his baby ' life; . the little subtle ' signs of uiv-akcnlng Intelligence, the varia- Huns and differences that mark the passage \- of months in the all-Important first year. I wonder If he will mlBs me? Old Ruth Is very kind, but Bhe is old and crabbed, and cannot enter into those Infinitesimal interests which are of so much consequence to a mothers eye. A -wave ot bitterness follows the wave: of softness. What have I done that Fate should have dealt so harshly with me? Only loved too blindly, truBted too entirely to a man's vows and a man's false heart. Surely I am more sinned against than sinning, more fitted for pity than for blame. Yet I know the world would never say so. Miss Pen harva has left me In no doubt of that. Her words to-night flashed the lurid gleam of -un-i ' wholesome truth upon me, swept away , every delusive fallacy, tilled my mind with mis-,' glvinffs. Such form my equipment for the battle be fore me. And to-morrow sees the dawn of Jthat battle morn. < m I will close these pages; I am weary, and my eyes are- heavy. Let me creep Into my bed and hold my little one in my arms, and draw from his innocent contact such comfort as I can. Dear, dear little hand, your touch holds a magic that the world Is empty of. -For to night it shall'chnrm me to forgetfulnoss. The dreary house is morbidly still and sad, but here, here at my side are sunBhlne, and laughter, and love. Here where I can dream and hope. Here where my treasure looks at me with sweet and sleep-filled eyes. Lie still, my darling, sleep awhile, And when thou wukest sweetly smile. But smile not ub thy father dld "As thy father did!" O, God,- forbid that one trult or semblance of that father has found root in- this guiltless soul. .- CHAPTER XV. _ Is there any loneliness on earth like the loneliness of. a great city? To Walk through crowded streets, to gaze at hundreds and hundreds of unfamiliar faces, to meet cold and Indifferent eyes In a pass ing glance, to feel that among these crowds of human beings you yourself are an un noticed' arid uncared-for unit, your fate a matter ot indifference, your wants and sor rows. unimportant. Surely this- is as me lancholy ii thing as the return of a. wander ing ghost to the scenes of Its earthly pilgri mage. To the living soul us to the dead comes the sense of being undealred or unmlssed. The busy world can do without you, tho place you lllled'is occupled'-by another. . ' I had hud my fill of such loneliness since I come to London. I .lived In amulet lodging in the neighbourhood of Bloomsbury. It was'a bed-sitting-room at the top of the house. The rent was moderate, and my meals were charg ed for when I had. them, at a stated price. The first thing I had done was to provide myself with the leading theatrical papers and copy out the. addresses of various agents. To these I applied In due course, entered my name In the books, paid a fee In advance, and retired more or leHs hopeful according to the reception they gave me. In my secret heart I did riot like any of these, gentlemen. There was a certain boldness und' familiarity In their looks and questions that annoyed me greatly. I objected to being addreBBed as "My dear" or "Ducky," or paid coarse . compliments as to my eyes, complexion, or figure. I wanted an engagement from them purely as a matter of business, and expected to be treated in a business-like manner. ' This, however, was the lust thing they seemed Inclined to do. When I stated I was unfamiliar with the stage- they advised me to "chuck It up" or "go Into keeplug and get someone to run me." This was so much Dutch to my Ignorant ears, and I frankly suggested' that my voice and my knowledge of mUBlc were surely worth something. They wouldn't hear my voice, that was the duty of a manager, or someone "bossing a show In tho provinces" they In formed me. However, I might call again and Bee if anything. had turned up. I. did call again, and yet again. I always saw a crowd of untidy-looking girls, with; awful hats and made-up faces, of men of all ages.on whum the genus "actor" was stamped as indelibly as a brand. This crowd were always laughing, and dialling, and exchanging broad jokes and wit ticisms.' They called each other by their Christian names, and abused 'the agents, or recounted wonderful "successes" on tour, which fully entitled them to a London engage ment In their own eyes,- but apparently the agents differed from them in that rc.Bpect. They would look at me With critical curiosity, and exchange opinions as. to my appearance or my "line? with audible frankness. I told myself that these were the brothers and sisters of my self-ehosen profession, and tr'ed to feel friendly towards them. I did r.ot wish to be prejudiced in advunce, but it was hard work to avoid It. They were so loud so vulgar, bo atrociously dressed, and .powdered; -and "made-up." The men, too, "looked us if they had slept in their clothes, "so crushed .- and creased were collars aim "shirts and '-coats, and their unshaven, un washed faces aided this impression. Sometimes I. eat In the office with a "Stage" or an "Era" before me, arid listened to the conversation. It was as remarkable l'or Its blunt egotism as the advertisements In these journals; . ... I Used to read these same advertisements with a frank wonder at their unblushlug con- celt. Miss Viola Delaney would head hers "Our Prize Packet of Ability," and thank Mr. Somebody for ah offer which a present first- class engagement prevented her accepting. Miss Ivy St. Claire Invited offers, "lead or principal parts preferred." Various other ladles quoted themselves a "terrific success, ' "amazingly clever," or "specially engaged." A few leading lights added half a dozen press notices to their names and title role. Bom-, were "starring," some wore "roBting," but none were silent as to their qualifications or modest as to their deserts. Some were so beset. by ofTers and engagements that they employed a private or special agent, to whom all communications were referred; others less fortunate gave a poBt office or a box olfice tn case their services were In requisition. After a month of this experience I began to grow Impatient. The columns of the pa pers assured me of vacancies In companies, of Incompleted tours, of. the need of "good voices," of willingness to . take novices or amateurs and beBtow on them stage experi ence and Bmall salaries, but the agents as sured me noue of these would do. The sort of thing they had In their eye for me would be sure to turn up in a day or two. I must call again; ' ... So I would trudge home through the streets, lonely -and heart- sick, and. wonder If there waB anything else I could, do while the weary waiting went on. 1 bought penny papers and studied their contents. Surely it must be easy enough to write stories for them. I resolved to try. I noted the style and kind of fiction they offored'thelr readers, arid I had a fluent pen. I made up a "moated grange" tale, with a lovely heroine and it' mystery. I wrote it In a couple of days, and sent It to the "Home Tutler." I expected It to be taken at once, so informed them that my terms for such a contribution were five guineas. To any surprise I got the MS. .back next day. They were overcrowded with MS., and my .story wnB quite unsuitable. Nothing dauntea I wont through all the scries .of those penny, leaflets, and spent my evenings writing "ciuwn" to what I considered their level. At the end of anotlior month I had quite a col lection of soiled arid tumbled MSS., but not one had been accepted, even though I haa' become magnanimous enough to leave terms to their, editor's discretion. I am conselouB .of a growing indignation. My stories may nbt he works of genius, but certainly they are. quite up to the average of those-I read. If their authors have found acceptance why should not I? I can gain no answer to the question. This Is the history of my London life so far. It brings me bade to that dissertation on lone liness witty 'which I.corrimenced this chapter of my Journal. For I am very lonely; there is no denying it, nnd the very excess and abundance of life around and about me inten sify that sense Of ' desolation. / . ' Every morning I call on one or other of the agents. Then I wandCr through streets; lunch at an A.B.C. shop, .go to a picture- gallery or' the British Museum, then home for tea, nnd spend the evening writing or sewing. This is my lire, ' and I am -but 18 years old. I wonder sometimes If I had better turn govc-rness; but then governesses nowadays must all possess certificates or have passed examinations, nnd In fact have received a superior education altogether. I cannot boast of accomplishments; besides . I should liate the drudgery of teaching, arid the anomalous position In the household given to the un fortunate teacher. No,.. I must command my soul In pntience. Surely before another month I shall have something to do. I have just come back from a long morning at. the agents. It is remarkable enough to .chronicle. They wrote asking me to call at l'l o'clock.. They had something for me at bust. I attired myself: in my well-worn black gown and plain sailor hat. I took especial care that my hair should be neat and simply dressed, in contrast to the peroxldlsed nnd tousled heads I was. so sick of seeing. I did not look fast or smart, but simply what I was— a lady, none too well off In this world's goods arid anxious for employment. Needless to 'sny, I was punctual. I sent In my nnriie and waited patiently amidst the usual crowd In the outer ofilce until I should be summoned. They seemed unusually agi tated IhlB morning. I heard the name Lever- son repeated very often, and when a voice ex claimed, "Why here lie Is!" I looked up with some curiosity. A short, dark, Jewish-look ing man had come in. He did not remove his hat, but glanced around, gave a curt nod ot recognition here nnd'thei-e, and finally passed Into the Inner sanctuary, where Messrs. Broadbow and Juppgave their Interviews. A hush of expectation followed his depar ture. I gathered from scraps of disjointed talk that the dark little man was the mana ger of a theatre, where he wns running comic opera. The fact of Ills presence here showed lie was in need of Additions to his company, and expectation ran high among this crowd of the disengaged,. Presently the olfice door opened. A head looked out. "Mrs. Derlngl'i called a voice, .the voice of- Mr. Jupp. I rose to my l'eet. A row of astonished faces con fronted ine. I was beckoned forward by the agent and entered the room with some trepi dation. The little'manager was sitting crossways on a chiilr, his- hat tilted to the back, of his bead and a' cigarette in . Ills mouth. "This Is the young lady," observed Mr. Jupp. "Good soprano, excellent musician; appearance, you can Judge, but no stage ex perience." The munager looked at me with half-closed eyes. "Ah!" he said. "No experience. Just like "cm. Well;. my dear, what makeB you want to go on the Btytge?'! "I want to earn a- livelihood;" I answered. He laughed. " , , 1 "Are you going to trust to your face?" said, "or your talents— supposln' you've got any? Or does a friend back you?" I felt the colour rising to my face. "I must learn as others have done, I suppose. I am content to begin at the beginning. / ' I have no friendB." "Know French?" lie asked. "Yes," I sold. , "Good limbs?" "What?" I exclaimed, not quite under standing his question. ' ' (to pb continued.) 