THE SURREE AT MAH OK'S. 1 i FKW people, I think, can ever have been impressed by the liveliness of little Killy - meen, set in its nook among the lonesome moon ta in and moorland, ita ono humble street joining the nucleus oía aparra cabiu sprinkling which strews white flocks on the far-Bweeping green folds, hardly pleatier than hailstones on a grags plot half a sunny hour after a July thunder-storm. Yet to Bridge Doran, the girl who had lately taken service -with tb9 Caseys up at tlie Quarry Farm, it seemed a cexitie u£ fashion and gaiety, being, indeed, the most considerable place she had seen in all her seventeen £ears. For they had been spent up at lOughdrumesk, a hamlet tully ton miles deeper among the wildest town-lands, with only a rough cart truck, threading a black bog, and climbing endless shaggy elopes, and dropping over a purple inouatain shoulder, to connect it with Millymeen. She had lott behir.d there, three months ago, her feeble old grandfather and alert old grandmother, in a tiny, high parched cabin, . which felt a world too wide for its other in dwellers, when this third of their Uvea had gone, And since then there had been much travelling of thoughts to and fro between it and the Cays' prim, whitewashed farm- house at the foot of Shove G-laaarna. At first Bridget had mad o the journey as con- stantly as her grandmother ; but she was young and busy, and in a new place, and as the weeks went on she became more pre- occupied with what lay immediately before her. The Surree at Mahon'a, Axed for a day in Christmas week, was the most exalting of the iresb prospects that unfolded themselves, and , was looked forward to with much pleased interest by Kiliymeeu . at large. There had been no harrees in the neigh- bourhood during a long spell of bad times; but thia year mattera were looking brighter, and old ¿arney Mahon, who had a thrifty turn and a commodious, kitchen, was ?encouraged to make a venture which pro- mised fair profits at u trash1 risk. For a euree-whion baa, with quaint effect, bor- rowed its name from polite French-is a seit of subscription danoo, little more elaborate in its arrangements than are the kaleys,- or couversazionea, that beguile so many "wintry hours in Donegal horner when all the dark out-of-doors hurtles and plashes with wind and rain, and the neighbours drift into their plaoes round some appointed hearth as promiscuously as a wreath of dry leaves swept, rustling, together by an aerial eddy. At a uar ree eaoh oouplo pay a shil- ling, but no rofrr-ebment is expected save frugally-dispensed tea ; and tho fiddler ia cement to scrape for a modest ice and his chances of sm^ll coins from the dancers. Dark Hugh MoJSvoy, being barney's cousin, was willing to supply tue music for this occasion on specially easy terms ; and, in short, circumstances conspired to make it seem desirable that Barney should meet the often expressed wishes of his younger friends by announcing the first auree of the season. It would be Bridget's first taste of any formal dissipation, and Bose Casey, her roaster's niece, and Kate Daffy, his plough- man's daughter, who lived in the yard, sot her expeotation on tiptoe extremely by their accounts of like entertainments. Kate and she were to go togethor, as it is the custom to attend surrees in couples. These oiun aro formed of a colleen with the boy .who is 'spaaing' ' to her, but often also a brother and sister make a pair, or any other two friends. Bose Casey was to marry Peter O'Donoghue at Shrovetide, so abo would, of course, go with him-a faot of which she made a little parade to Bridget, who folt, however, perfectly oontent with Bate's esoort. A sweetheart of her own would have seemed, indeed, an alarming -possession' Her mistress bad advanced her a chilling out of her quarter's wages-a whole pound-and she nad expended the sixpence left, after securing her admission to the aurrce, apon a splendid rod glass brooch, which made her think her equipment very oomplete. Bat jast when everything seemed gliding most smoothly towards the delightful goal, an obstacle oropped np and threatened to overthrow all her plans with one disastrous jolt. On a certain frost-spangled morning tho postman brought to Bridget a letter whose contenta agreed with her wishes as ill as a dash of vinegar would have done with tho tbiok aroaui whioh sue wau churn- ing when the mail arrived. Her grand* mother wrote to say that * eb o thought bad .ol Biddy to bo trampin' tho long way her ' lone from Killymeon to their plaoe, and that old Billy Molloy was siippin' over wid his pony and a gathorin* of eggs to the Maga Imore On next Thursday muming, and 'ud nive her a lift if she'd h tart along wid him when he would be goin' back. So Biddy had a right to ax lave of her mistress, and borne home wid ould Bili, who'd turn a bit out of his way to piok her up ; »nd real fiad they'd bo to ¿et eyes on her again.» 'or Mrs Gasoy had promised Biddy her choice of three days in Christinas week to ¿pend at home, dalry work boing slaok. Bridget had looked forward to tho holiday ..with a glow of pleasure, and meant to take it on the Friday, whioh would bu Christmas Bve, and the day after the Burroo. But her grandmother's in jupotion was not compatible with.this arrangement. Sore, I'd misa all the fuu and everythin' if I took off and wont wid ould Bill. I wish he and his baste of an ugly skewbald »nd keep themselves out of bother' when jthoy aren't wonted,' she said, half-orylng, to her friends Bose and Sate, as she showed them the letter in the hitohen. * Masha, good gracions !' said Hose. 'Yon . wouldn't ever think ot going ? J ast bid the ould man Btop along wid himself, and say you'll como ca Friday.' t * But me grandmother'd be rale vexed if I done that, and he after going ont; of his i road -to cull for me,' said Bridget, doubt« folly.* * Well, then.' said Kate. ' you might write and tell her not to send him. This is on'y Tuesday ; therp'B plenty of time ; and I've a stamp in me box this long while you're welcome to.* ' Ay, to be sure,' said Bose : ' and say mo aunt can't spare you ooavanieut afore Friday.' * But,' said Bridget, looking diaoonoerted, ' I'm after sending her word be Judy Flynn that I'd got lave to oome any day at all this week.* ' Oh, botheration to it 1' said Bose. ' Then say you're too bad wid a could, and couldn't be thraveiling that far. Bedad, I heard you coughing this morning fit to rall in pieces like a head of the witherdy geranium there. Morebeiokea tho red one in the windy corner's dhropping itself into the pan of buttermilk where you've set it, you'd better bo movin* it out of that.1 * I have a heavy oould on me, sure enough,' said Brio get, coughing to convince herself ; but her disconcerted expression remained, and she fidgeted about uneasily. * For the matter of writing'-Bue said ' you see the time I was getting ma eohooiln* I did be mostly minding the sheep-and I oan make some sort of an offer at the read ing, if it's wrote pretty big-but writing oneself is quara niggleiy work.' ' Meroy on us, girl alive, if that's all ails you, I'll write a letter for you meaelf in a minuit and a half,' said Rose,"with alacrity. * Bedad will I. Sore, I've wrote to Peter times and again, when he was stopping away at Manchester. So don't bother your head about it ; lave the regulation of it all to me. I've plinty of paper miaelf, and Kate 'ill give her stamp.' Bridget agreed to this plan, though not without some qualms of conscience, whioh made her refrain guiltily from inquiring about the details of its execution, thereby giving Roso a freo hand, of which she availed herself without much scruple. She had an imaginative turn of mind, and a taste for fiction, so her story grew under her scratching pen, until in tho end 3hc pro- duced a lotter purporting-to oome not from Bridget, but from herself, and describing Bridget's indisposition as not a simple oold, but an attack of plussery-newmoney. This formidable complaint would hinder her from returning with Bill Molloy. ' Bat she'll oome,' wrote RCBO, ( as soon as ever Bhe's able. And that won't be afore Friday, anyway, if the overs it at all.' Tho last oíanse struok her aa giving an effective completeness to the composition, and she read it over with a complacency which did not take into account how it might be spelled out in the bleak little hillside cabin off away at Loughdrumesk. The evening of the 8arree arrived in due course, and with it a flutter of snow, swirling on rough and unruly blasts. Silver-white threads and stitches had beguu to embroider the purple folds of Siieve Glasarna before the mists descended muff- ling and blurring ; and tbe paths crunched crisply nuder brogues, and made cold olntohcs at bare feet by the time that the neighbours were approaching Barney Manon's door. They remarked to one another that it was hardy weather, and added that they were apt to have it severe, whioh is some degrees worse than hardy. Few people, however, had boen daunted into staying at home, and there waa much ehaking of powder flakes out of shawl-folds and off rough coat .sleeves at the entrance to Barney's dustily-flic ker ing room. When Bose and Ka*» and Bridgec got there, which they did as . jon as ever they oould finish < reading up' after tea, most of the oompany had assembled, and danoing was about to begin. Rose's temper was somewhat ruffled because Peter O'Donoghue had not kept hio promise of coming to esoort her. Bat his sisters now hastened to oxplain how he had boen delayed by the sudden illness of their calf. ' Howaneer, the baste was coming round finely when they loft,' they reported, and Peter would bo after them in no time. So his fiancée was appeased, and contented herself provision ally with Larry Sullivan for a partner. 1 Faix, now, it's only an odd turn the rest of us boys gets wid you these times,' he said to her gallantly, as the fiddler struck up. * Ne'er a chance we have at all, unless when the luok keeps him that's luckier away.' Do not suppose that the surroe danced jigs. Later on in the evening a couple might stand ap and perform one .while the others were recovering their breath ; but at the outset it was a vigorous round danoo that bogtn to gyrate with à stop whioh, though perhaps not reoogaisod in any aoademy, kept time to Hugh's music with mach accuracy, and coade light of tho diffioulties opposed by au uneven mud floor. The crockery on the dresser jingled merrily to the rhythmical beat of their foot, and each pair of bobbing heads that passed in front of it might bo seen to make an abrupt ¡ dip down and up again. This was caused by an unuoually deep hollow whioh ooourred in that part of tho floor, and Barney Mahon, ' looking on with tho elders fro ai their oirole round tho hearth, observed it, and said, ' Begob, I must BOO to having that houlo filled up boforo next timo, or else somebody 'ill bo tripping up in it, and getting a quaro toss.* The other spectators sat well content with their share of the entertainment. Pan gently-puffing outtie pipes solaced the men, and the women kept their knitting needles twinkling ; in fact, they would almost as soon have left off breathing by way of rest and relaxation. For further amusement they had the affairs of the country-aide to discus?, enlivened with an occasional aneodote or riddle* Dan Goligher bad just propounded one of the latter, whioh euooess f olly puzzled everybody who had not heard it before * A brown lough Wid a white stand» Sorra the ship could sail round it, I Sut I oonld hold it in me hand " ; and he was triumphantly explaining, ' Sure, a oup of tay,' when two people came bolting in at the door, whioh they forthwith began to seoure behind them, as eagerly as if they were shutting but some deadly peril. They said nothing, but their speechless hurry was more suggestive than words* 4 Whethen now, Peter O'Donoghuo and Ked Kinsella, what's took you at all to be flouncing in on the people that a-way ?' said Barney Mahon, somewhat affronted at their unceremonious entranoa end dealings with his fastenings and furniture. ' That's a great ould slamming of the door you have -and what for would ye be jamming the benoh again it, unless you're iutending the next body that comes through it to bo breaking his shins V ' Troth, I only hope it may-and ita nook, too-between us and harm-if it's offering tb come in on us-I do so,' said Peter O'Donoghue, panting. He left his oomrade to finish barricading the door, and pushed himself further into the room, until several groups interposed between him and the dangerous point. 4 After ns it may be this minyit of time,' he said. 'Ooh, bat that was the quare fright I got-the saints look down upon us thia night.' 'It's herself below at the ould gate to- night,' said Ned Kinsella, who was calmer than Peter, though evidently much alarmed. ' Aud morebotoken it's not inside she is this night, but sitting orouohed up on the bank be the path' And the grab she made at Peter going by ; indeed, I thought he'd never get his coat tail wrenched out of her ould hand.'. ' It might as well have been caught in a rat trap the way she held on,'said Peter. * I give you me word, me hair's standing on end yet, fit to rise me hat off tho roof ,of me head, what wid that and the onnachural screeches she let-I wonder you didn't hear them here. And it's my belief she set off legging after ua-goodness preserve us 1 only I was afraid of me life to look ronnd and see.' These tidings spread general consternation among the oompany, as, under the oircum stanoes, they well might do. For only a few hundred yards down the loaning lay an ancient burying ground, with its ruined chapel and weed entangled tombstones, a a place whose ghostly reputation had long been established at Killymeen. In parti- cular the wraith of a little old woman was often to be seen of an evening peering out through the rusty gato bars, and sometimes streLohing forth a feardome hand to piuok at the unwary passer-by. But her appearance out on the roadside was a new development, and one whioh mado Peter and Ned's report unpleasant hearing for people who would presently be obliged to take that route home. Tho dance came to a standstill, and in its Btead a serie* of dismal ghost-stories began to cirolo round the room. Perhaps the most gruesome of them was Nick Carolan's. Ho rolated how he had once lived in a plaoe where there was in the middle of the yard a deep well, out of whioh on certain moonlit nights a dark figure would emerge, and go gliding round and round it, making a wider and wider oirouit, until she reached the house, at whose door she rapped loudly as she passed by. And whenever that happened there would be a death in the family before the twelvemonth was out, as sure as fate. A general shudder followed this denouement, and old Mrs. Linders made a particular application of it by remarking gloomily that it was a poor case to have the likes of suoh orathura about ; ! but Mrs Coleman, a oomely matron, who I continued to sit by tho fire unperturbed, said plaoidly, in a pause, 4 Sorra a bit of harm there is in it this night, I'm a.thinkin'. If the lads seen anythin', it's apt to ha' just been some poor body after missing hei I way in the snow.' ! ' Troth and bedad, then it was the quart body altogether,' Peter asseverated, * and [ tb hair of tho head, as I wis telling you, bristling straight wid the dhrea ^ of her tbe first minyit I como nigh the place.' ' Ah, eure, somo people's as ready at that as a dog at cooking his ears,' said Joey Nolan. 4 Maybe we'd a right to (co look ÍÉ there o'er a one in it. Some crathur might bc straying about perishing, and it snowing again as thick as sheep's wool.' ' Begor, you won't persuade me to gc fooling along wid you,' said Peter; . 1 couldn't ho potting me h>els ons of it f«?< enough. ¿lay the saints have me euwl, bul I thought I'd lose mo life afore ever I landed inside-and here I'll stop. Nobody need be axin' rae, for di vii a fut i'll";'tir.' ?Good people are soaroe,' Joeobcervcd, sarcastically ; but Peter went on in a b.-.lf oomplaoent tone . 4 One while it'll bo afore I'm the better of that frightening I got. Every mortal bit of mo in a thrimblo wid it yet.' 4 Musha than, you gaby, can't you whisht about it, instead of to bo telling everybody the sort of ould polthroou you are P' Bose Casey whispered to him floroely, roudy tc ory with mortification as she saw significant smiles passing round at the expenso of her happily unconscious betrothed. Aa she spoke the door resounded with a heavy thump, whioh mado those who were standing next to it hop baok with a soaroely dignified haste. Some of them tried to oarry it off by pretending that they were merely getting ont of one another's way, while some shrieked unfeignedly, and above all ejaculations roso Peter O'DonoghueV voioe, shrill with undissemblod terror," saying : * Oh, to goodness, don't open it for your livoB. Run that other form again it, you that are widin raioh. Meroy be among us, she's apt to havo us all destroyed.' . Arrah now, will you be letting us in out of that, you jaokasses, you?' shouted a voioe reassuringly familiar and irate. It was young Lirry Sullivan, who had slipped oat through the back door a few minutes, before, and whose impatienoo at being kept' waiting had nothing supernatural about it: Despite Peter's remonstrances, the door was thrown open, and disoloaed Larry standing tall against a baok-ground of glimmering white, in a gloom which, when you looked into it anywhere steadily, grew full of wondering flakes like scattered breadcrumbs. Beside him appearod o smaller figure, whom he pulled indoors along with him, before anybody well had time for terrific surmises, and whom the in ol i gb. t oho wed to be a little old woman wrapped up in a powdered brown shawl. She was breathless and bewildered and forlorn-looking, as she peered round from faoe to face, all strange, all comfortless -but no ; for tho moment Bridget Doran Bet eyes on her sho sprang at her and caught her in a great hug : . Why, granny, darlint, and is it yourself ?' sho said. ' And how at all did you come this night in the snow ? It's kilt you are entirely. You can't ever ha* come wid onld Bill Molloy ?' ' Ah, honey, I thramped it,' said old Mrs Doran. 4 Sure I couldn't rest atey thinking me little Biddy was took that bad away au her lone among the strange people. But finely you're looking, glory be to goodness. 'Deed, now me heart's been flt to break fretting ever sinoo I got** the lotter this morning, saying that belike you wouldn't over it.' ' And I to be dancing round like a zany betwitohed, and you all the white streeling through the snow,' said Bridget, with aoute remorse. . It's sorry I am I let anybody send you suoh owld lies. . But'-looking indignantly at Rose-' I only said to say that I had a oould.' 'And I lost me way in the dark,' went on Mrs Doran, plaintively, ' and what at all Pd have done, I dunno, only for the daoint boy coming ; for nought else the other two 'ad do but let yells at me, and run away like scared turkeys.' ' Creeping along ander the high bank she was, the orathur, when -I met her,* Larry meanwhile was telling the others, ' and Booree able to opntindwid the blasts of the win'. And sez she to me : * For the love of Gtod just stop to tell me am I anywheres near the Casey's house*' And sez I to her : ' Ia the Quarry Farm you're wanting f ' and sez ehe to me, * Ay, it's whore me poor Katey's little daughter, Bridget Doran is in service, and dying wid some manner of out- landish sickness ; it is to her 1 am going,' sez she. So sez 1 to her, * If it waa Bridget Doran she was wanting, I'd seen the girl three misyits ago, and ne'er a sign of dying on her whatsomever,' and I juat brought hor along boro. It is perished and; stupid the orathur is wid the oould. You'd a right to get her a cup of hot tay, and a warm at the fire,' conoluded Larry, there- upon bestirring himsúii to (superintend the carrying out of this prescription. And a little later he prompted his mother to offer Mrs Doran a night's lodgings at their house olose by, thus entailing upon themselves more hospitality than they had foreseen. For of the Surree at Manon's all's well that ends woll oould not quito ba said, as some of the guests wore disposed to say prematurely when the assembly was break- ing ap. To begin with, old Mrs Doran had caught a very bad onill during her snowy wanderings, and now had a Bovere illness whioh endangered her life, and obliged Bridget to pay many an anxious and conscience-strichen hour as a fee for hex deceptive lotter, while a difference whioh she had noxt morning with Bose Oasey about , the unauthorised mondaoity of its oontents lcd to a permanent oooling down of their friendship. Moreover, Rose, on the very same day, spoke in saoh scathing terms to Peter O'Donoghuo with reference to his panio on tho night be foro, that even his impenetrable self ? satisfaction was touched, and a violent falling out ensued. The consequence waa that no wedding took Elace at Shrovetide ; and tho last time I ad news from Killy meen ' there was no talk of it at all,' so the breach may be con- sidered final. In faot, it is oommonly sup« posed that he has so ¡ne notion of transfetring his attentions to Bridget Doran. Bat I happen tq know that the only ono among the boys she tMnku of ia Larry Solllvan, whom she always remembers gratefully as the rosauer of her grandmother. Whereas, if Larry fanoios anyone, it in K*te Daffy, Whence ic appears that some rather com- plicated orosa-oarrents in the stream of life flowing through Killymoon have started from this S arreo at Manon's. Birds learn their songs when very y'oun? and it is thought that . bird melodie* ' aré handed down from generation to generation and perpetuated through the faculty of imi- tation. In France, when a oonviofc is sontenood to death, the day of his exeoutlon ia not named itvhlfl hearing, and he kBOwa not when he ia to be led forth until witbla fifteen minutes of the fatal moment. Printed in Kew South Wales. 