ANGLO-AUSTRALIAN NOTES. fFrorii our Special O-rrcspondent.l . LOXDOX. December 29. The ium of i'i5 leimtud to Lngnnd by 'Uncle Harry' from 'The Register' Office .is a contribution from the South Australian ?'.Sunbeams' served no wovide 1,500 'waifs and siuys' of iiuin.iiuy iu the East-End of London with a bountiful metil. The feast win given in die People's 1'alace, Mile Knd-roid, und the arian-^cinentis' were efli i-icni'y vanie.1 out b.v Mr. .lohu Kirk, Secre wry i^f die lljgged »Sei.ool L'uion. *ith the as^is'tjnee cf a little army of -willing work er.--. As -t4ie 4iall could not be obtained for December 2S — tlie colony'* aunivewary day —the Iwnquct took pl-a-e on the night of the 27th. Tiie pruviMons set before the youngsters combined quantity and quality, and they had u gbiiious time. Full credtt was given to tlie '.Sunbcims' and their warm-hearted leader for Uierr gracious I'houghtfulnc^;. Through a misunderstand ing, Dr. Cockbum, wiiase attendance hod been promised b.v Mr. Kirk, wua nut pre t'c nt; and ajxAjgics for ubsence were re ceived from .Mrs. Chamberlain, 'Edna Lyell,' O. R. Sims, Sir H. M. Stanley, and many others, wUj sent cordial greetings, jjhI sjK»ke in highly complimentary terms of the -generous donorc of the repast. Seve ral oi' die London puper* publiih oppreciac tivc iurcounts of ihe proceedings. _ ? The Im])crial Government is still being Mibjected to the severe crilicism even of its friends for its dilatorineti in repljing to the tender of further troops by some of the colonies. A corres|x-ndent of the 'Morning Post' calls attention to Sir Wilfrid Laurier'n remark that 'at length' the offer of Cana da ha.- been accepted as being a wellde served rebuke to the British authorities. He goes on to observe tliat 'there ought, to have been a plun of campaign cut and dried iu the War Office, and known in part to the Intelligence Department of every colony,' to the effect that in certain conditions the co lonial forces would be required to do battle for the motlier country at a moment's no tice. We ought, indeed, to be able to mobi lize the colonial troops, regular and irregu lar, just as quickly as our home forces. Whether this idea will be endorsed by the Australian and Canadian Government* is, of course, open to grave question, h is one thing for them to volunteer assistance, but quite another tbing for them to be placed uuder an obligation to supply soldiers for British wars. The writer continues:— 'The present crisis has awakened Downing- street to the fact that we have an Empire of sol diers ready and willing to come to the assis tance of their motherland at any time and at any cost.' As bearing upon this question, reference may also here be made to a letter from Mr. Arthur H. Loving, hqn. Secretary of the Imperial Federation Defence Committee, in the 'Daily News.' The writer expresses himself an being greatly delighted with a !--neec-h delivered in the Canadian capital by the Chairman of Directors of the Ottawa Bank, and comments upon it thus: — '.When the President of the largest financial institu tion in the capital goes out of his way to state not only that the Dominion of Canada ought to contribute to the maintenance of tbe Royal Navy, but also that it is well able to do so, we may be Mire that action in this direction is not far distant. The adhesion of Canada,' Mr. Loving— who had already given credit to other 'colonies for contribut ing to the mainten 111c? of the Royal Navy concludes, 'will complete the rirst step to wards federation. Ihe colonies will have shown that they are willing to share in the burden of Empire* ll will remain for the people of the United Kingdom to give them a voice in the Councils o( tbe bmpire. ' Mr. Loui« nielil, the composer of 'Jack's ycrn' and cither popular sang*, ha* set to music a poem written by Sir Donald Met Karlane (brother of Mr. Albn Mclfrrlane. Of South Au;-tra!ia), tor the 'Daily News,' in praise of 'Our Coloniul Contingents.' The composition, wfokh is -to bear tnc title of 'Sons of the Empire' is being published by Messrs. Ashdown. In pursuance bf their usual tactics Irish demagogues in the United Stitw are wn' sidering how they can turn Us account *ne piesent situation' with a view of embarras sing Catwihi. 'Re)K-rt.-* from all part* of the country.' ^IVS ^e 'Daily Mail'*' New York correspondent, 'state .rb;rt the Clan na-Gaei and other Irnh Societies are hold ing secret meeting*, at which they plot hos tile action ugain*t England. Several Iri»U agitators intimate ili.it tbe Fenian move m?nt may be revived by an attempt to ptart an uprieiDg a?r\h)H British rule in Cunuda. The Ancient Onler of the Hiber nians held a large meeting at Writ- certer, Massachusetts,. yesterday, when their Presi dent, Mr. Noonan, said in a speech, 'Canada can be invaded. The money aSd the re cruits are all ready. A «cure* time to strike will be when t/he -rot-ps tttve been vrithdrawn and the forts are manned bjf half-hearted Canadians.' On a canvass being taken, every man present voted for a volunteer invasion of Canada. If they are called, representatives of the leading Irish Societies will meet »t Omaha next Sunday to formulate plans for helping the Boers aud for inaugurating a national movement tegainct England.' It may he added that the State Depart merits in Wasftiirgton do not give the sligluei-t' j-rcdence to ttoe re ports of this movement, and thai the Bri tish Minister in the United States few not deemed it ncce**iry '» make any remon strance against the allegcil violation in this l&tttcular;, or in the recruiting of volun teer* for service with f!ie Boers. Detailed information respecting the ves sel which is to be hnilt for the i)ur|K-se« of the German Antarctic Expedition ha*. l-ceii given to the public. Tlie material used H to be wood, nml the sides nf the ship arc to be elastic enough to adequiitelv yield to while resisting the pressure of the ice. In »hape it is to be somewhat rounder than the From, and in order to add xtrcngtli to the whole structuic the middle part is to be nearly on the level of the water line. Provision is also to 1k- iiiadt- to ensure pro tection against floating ice. The lcnjnh of the veKsel is to 1h? Id metres tha breadth between ten and eleven met rev, and the draught five metres. Tlie bunkrrs and holds arc to be large enough to holil coaln and stores for a three year*' rruii-e, and there is to lm accommodation for live scientific- oKeervciv, five ofiiw-rs. n:ul a crew of twenty men. The engines ami boilen* will be placed astern, and in iiic forecastle space will be found for iil'ly Arctic -locs. The -)\\\\\\-, which is 10 be fitted with the electric lipht. and to be ?schooner ? rigged, is to be ready for m-i by the heginnini: of May. W01. The work »f buil'lins is to lie carried out at the Ho waldt shipbuilding Yard. 'Ihe I'ublic hux lift 11 notified that the publication of Stablcs's Australian Cir. cuhr,'1 which has been i-.-ucd month by month for forty year.-, is to be discontinued early in the New Year. Mercantile men will regret the disappearance ot t-n useful a recora of exports. The Telegraph C\\)n=triK-.'Ji-n and ^laiirtt1 nance Company will, it U i-t.-it^il by the London Pres?, t»s. be in a )-?:?.-?. Li. «n t- dis patch lie complciiii^ section of '. iio third coble connectin? fJrcJt J5iut.i;ii -11 it h .Suilii Africa until towards tfu* end « f .).uiu:iiy. This section is to be laid beiwevu S-:. Yin cent and Ascension, und the t-isk of paying out Che tible will prob.ibly ??ctupy twelve da-v. At the cirlkrtt this t'aii-J altoriuKive cable route 10 thv Cjj-c wil' not be iii opo rat-:on beforo the mi lnle ot tcbruiry. Mean time the (JovoniMK at- hive coiisifK'rod ^he poissibility of both I lie pro^cnt cabl--( brnik mg down, and they k-ive sLKL'.vncd a fast cruiser ac A-cen-!on, -,5 th%t in Mich an emergency me3sice# e-.in ne t.ikcn from titit iil-ind -o Sienu Ler.no, and then disjialJud b.v the ordinary rouic to England: or, in tlie event of the West Com cab'.e btinc bt»kcn norLh of Sicrr.i Jx'on?, 'w-!ii!~t i:ie J-^i-t Coast route was «h.- -iovii. 1 1 U;kv !in.'*aw;.« dirett from Ascctisian 10 S:. \'incc:it. 'I'uis would mein .1 deLiy or at lea-i four d.iys even to (toveniment de»iii!ciics. Vurther proot i.-- bc-inj afforded Uiat (ircut Britain will have to look to hor liiueN in mercantile marine inuStors if --!')e inu-iuls to maintain |ihc supremacy .-ii- his s-o lone enj»ned. It is now a.**ri«l. t-lt.irly on goutl ?authority, tlitt 'the Nordd^uusche Lloyd ?Steanvhip Cbmpjny h.xs pun-lu^od the licet of Ac Scottish Oriental Stcim.-hip Coqm mtion, consistinj of fourteen ^tcnjnciv, wit!i a total registered tonnage of 20,94.', mid will continue the service tv^w carried on by the latter Company between Binjrkol:, Sin gipore, Hongkong, and Swavni.' It is add ed uhat 'a larger numbencf stciiraers will, however, be employed, and the tnin.-it facilities wfll be increased.' Telcgiums unnouncijig the ocjiurrenco -.f descruotive bush fires in Viotoria and Tas mania read strungely at this end jn«t now wiien 6now and fro3:- and rain and fog seem all to be struggling for tie mastery. Lately little or nothing has been heard of the Imperial Institute, which, it in un derstood, is shortly to give up the ghost. Before making its final bow to the public, however, it is to be the scene of a unique display, to 1h- known as ''The English Edu cation Exhibition.' It is the intention of the promoters to huve on view articles il lustrative of the history and traditions of education, including 'n series of relics and antiquities, such as \ horn books, old geo graphies, and other school text books, por traits of famous masters, and distinguished scholars, rare and beautiful niannscriitU, and books from school and college libraries, . foundation charters, and antiquarian trea sures generally.' The present system of education is 'to .be carefully and fully shown' in the live main sections of elemen tary, secondary, -and technical schools, and public and private' and other educational institutions. There are to be 'photo* graphs, models, pictures, drawings, show ing the interior and exterior of the build* ings, Kpecimens of examination papers, exercises, composition' (with tbe teacherr corrections), as well as examples of stu dents work in design and artistic crafts and in science. There will also be reprc-' Gcntations of the recreation and social liio of the school or college, including iU mili tary brigade. Evia the school newspapers will be exhibited.' The.' two great univer* sitiea and the old public schools- have agreed to co-operate, and the original mo* ral philosophy papers shown up. by -iltt Gladstone m the schools at Oxford will \m displayed. During the Exhibition tttere will lie lectures, conierences, meetings, uind. de- monstration lessons, and. altogether, ar rangements have been made for gatherings likely to be memorable in. the .history ot education. . The Her. W-. H. Fitchett has become fa nions as a writer ot patriotic works. 'Deeds that Won the Empire' and 'Fights for the Flag' are commonly spoken of in tbe news paper* as books that have made a deep im pression upon the public mind, and his latest excursion into the same field of lite rature, to which he has given tfae title of 'How England Saved Europe: the Story of tye Great War,' in being most apprecia tively reviewed. Two out of the four vo lumes, which are to deal with the stirring and momentous period in English — Mr. ritchett evidently morns the idea of using the. phrase British — history, extending from 1793 to 1815, have already appeared, and the others are not to be long delayed. The author has been particularly fortunate in his choice of a time for giving these volumes to the world. Admiral Cyprian Bridge has furnished an elaborate and scholarly preface to Mr. F. W; Christian's work on 'The Carolino Inlands.' He has evidently, during his stay on the Pacific and Australian Sta tions, been a keen observer and painstak ing student of the manners, custom*, aud history of the Polynesian races, and he relates interesting and even stirring inci dents of South Sea Island life. Mr. N. L. Jackson, in the January num ber of the 'Fortnightly Review/' has been discoursing upon 'Professionalism and Sport. He is- very hard -upon thone who, while posing as amateurs, are, to ail intents and purposes, professionals, and suggests that there wall be 'a division ot' the existing organisation of sport into two classes— amateur and professional — each having the entire control of its own af fairs, with the appointment of a joint com mittee and' a permanent^ President, to make qr amend the law of- the game, or to deal with any matters in .which both sec tions are equally interested.' In denounc ing the sham amateur Mr. Jackson bas a dig at Australian cricketers, whom he de signates. Those great offenders against the tint principles of amateurism.' Tbe most gorgeous of all the pantomimes which the Christmas season has called into being, or rather revived in a new and/phe nomenally resplendent guise, is 'Jack and the Beanstalk,' now being- produced at Drury Lane. Mis* NeU(«;S^wir^ hM had allotted to her th-parVof leading boyvand out of the morning journals intimated on the day aftertie first pettdrinance that she 'looked exceedingly well as Jack, and won in the last scene the most wonderful and effective garment in the piece,' although, for some Unaccountable rfld»a,,nf sIMl did not herself sing the 'Moqnman.-' Alas! the reporter who wrote this was all astray, for the other newspapers informed their reader* that, owing to illness, the little Awtrnuan lady had been unable to ap pear. It must have been extremely an noying to Miss Stewart to have to stand out, but the cold which she had contracted rendered this course unavoidable. Mrs Brawn-Potter has srtnchtgfcenejfte 'The Empire.' where she* nightly recites in character and amid impressive military sur roundings the thrilling patriotic verses en titled 'Called to the Front. 'MJLP.' gives thw lady .credit for being » 'peace prophet,' and in justification of the title relates the following:— 'Mrs. Brown-Pottei is very enthusiastic about a scheme that it now brewing and will be duly organized and started by certain well-known women. It is nothing more or less than, a vast union ol all EngUah-speaking women the' world over. It will -be- an active organizftion, with the avowed object- of doing everything,powible to maintain peace— in other words, to pre vent war. Much has been said and writ ten about the power of woman, and this will be,«n effort to exert that power for tfae good of the world. An active crusade will soon be started with, the object of enrolling numbers to the Union. Mrs, BrownPot ter, who is really eloquent on the subject, wiU be prepared to speak as often. a* she can. Mrs. Potters realization of the need less horrors of war arises from the fact that during the impressionable years of child hood she lived in Louisiana, where she wit nessed much of the awful suffering that took place during the American Civil War.' The same paper refers to 'a moving scene' at Mrs. Langtry's last matinee, for which the war was accountable. ? 'There was quite a thrill of excitement when tho actress appeared in her khaki costume, and recited the, 'Absent-minded beggar.' This because it was evident that Bhe was in a state of high nervous tension. Towards the close tbe tears ran down her face, aud she finished the last lines in a voice choked with tobo. No explanation was given, but many nirmised the truth, i.e., that her hus band had gone to the front. As a matter of fact, she had bidden him good- by but an hour or two before.' ??The Oclle of New York,' after having had a rim of between GOO and 700 perfor mances, is to be withdrawn from tho Sliufic*liiiry Theatre to-morrow night. The ik-Urtninalion In bring iU career to a close has taken everybody by surprise, but Mr. Harry Miiftgrovc explains that the sole rea son for that determination is the growing evidence that its popularity its on the nariu. Mr. Mangrove, it is alleged, has made .his fortune out of the play, and he is surely acting wisely in refusing to run the risk of loMn: even a jwrtion of what he has gained. Your old acquaintance, Charles Warner, who make* no secret of bin affection for Australia, hat resumed his favourite im l-crsoaition of Coupeau in Chtu*. Kcadc's emotional drama, 'vrinl;.'' Ilia patrons mt as uuinerous arvl an appreciative ait evt-r. ? 