THE POPE'S BIRTHDAY. Ninety Tews of Age. ... ' /Eieetion of a Successor. ... Leo XIII. was 90 years old on tlie 2nd Inst. His wonderful, age finds him bright In Intel lect, though physically woalt; . After a vecent cei-omony he exclaimed, "Oh. I feel so tired." lie regards the end which cumiot be long de layed with absolute calmness, nnd has even thought of his successor. -When lie recently pel-formed the ceremony of opening the Holy Door at St. Peter's, by which the Jubilee year was begun, ho remnrked . to those around him-.— "t thnuk Divine Providence for grant ing me the grace of being able to cclebru'ta this, great function, and 1 wish for my suc cessor grandeur and a long "reign to the greater glory of God. My successor will he young, as compared wltii my. own ago, and will have time to see many glories ot the Papacy and tho nlvuroli." . It Is said by Irresponsible newspaper gos sips thut the Pope bus expressed himself In favour of Cardlnul Gotli as his successor, but. nuch a statement must he (alien with groat 'reserve,', as . the cliolee devolves upon , tho Sacred -College of ! Cardhials, and It Is ex tremely, hriprobniile that liiu'lloilhess would stick" t'o "influence thnLaugusl body In .their deolslon. Nevertheless It nuiy. be of lntert'at to giance;nt Cardinal Goltl's career. Jerome Maria, Ciirdlnal'GoUi, Is an Ilalljin. He wus born at Genoa on March 29, ,182-1. H1b extremely humble origin 'might htivo hin dered his rise In the clmi-ch but for. the pious fervour arid amiability' ot Iris disposition. Ills father was a dock labourer In the city of the. futuro Cardinal's bliili. The. young Gottl seems to have Inherited.. his" devotional tendency from -his mother. Thanks to her and to the Interest of some friends of hers, the youth was enabled to pi-OHccule his studies at Genoa, at Rome, and, It would appear, at Petru. At any rate, ho applied himself in the 'senrinury to moral theology with avidity from the moment ho received Iris tonsure. TltlB department ot ' patristic lore ho-'hiiB V-vneticully made his own. s He Is Ueeined one Of the greatest' living authorities oir prolrn- blllst theology or the body of precept asso ciated with the name at St! Llguorl. As u Thomlstlc scholar Cardlnul Gntli also rauUn high, being surpiiBHed In this respect, If at all, only by Cardinal Salolll. But Cardinal Gettl has never concerned himself with theological tiieorlBlng us such. He stands rather us a student und follower of the moral law. Hence Iris name is Identi fied with the religious party In the Sacred College as opposed to the political school. The religious party looks mululy to the moral worth of Its candidate from the point of view ot ascetic piety and practice, while the ether element tukes Into' account a Pope's political ability und' statesmanship. 'Cardinal Gottl In iris priestly calling at tached himself to tho Cnvmeilte body. Tills order of 'friars is not only very rigid In some of Its branches, but It has pccullirr attrac tions for those of devotional tendency. Thus, one branch of the order Is famed ml the bare footed brethren. Long before .Iris selection as Archbishop of Petru Filar Gottl was known as an uscotle of ascetics. lie lived on .the coarsest and simplest fare, dispensed with shoes, rind spent weeks at a lime In the secluBlon ot the monastery., ills Carmelite, |-Urethren wove the first, iinturally, (o discern i the merits of the man, nnd ho was gradually promoted in tlie order until lie wus uf the head of ills own pi-lory. He sludlod. taught, preached, and practiced for 20 years, how ever, In comparative obscurity. The Inauguration of Leo's pontificate brought him within a wider sphere of action. Tlie new Pripe instullod lriiu at tho yu.'tlcan, where he confirmed the favourable impres sion created by Ills past Iltu. Gottl's great biterest In the devotional urid purely - reli gious aspect of the Work of the church led lo hls-co'nnectToii with the CoiigrcgaLlou of Indulgences and Sacred Relies; but be fore this tlie Pope had .determined lo send htm abroud on a mission. It is usual In the eliurch to Intrust lo a - rising ecclesiastic the delicate and difficult negotia tions of the Vatican with foreign Powers. Should this ecclesiastic render the church uny distinguished service in the performance of his allotted task lie Is usually rewarded with a Cardinal's lint. Thenvortc entrusted to Friar Gottl, who had by this time been raised" to the eplBcopaey. was In connection with the distracted state of the church In .Brazil. The abdication of Dom Pedro, the radical legislation with re- gurd to religious liberty -that ensued, -and the undisciplined condition of the native clergy presented-' a- serious problem to , the. .Vatican.' Archbishop GDttl was Instructed to proceed to the lfew republic hi the .capueliy of Interaun- tlus and.to restore harmony, ...The success at tending his efforts resulted in- the creation of the Genoese as a Curdlrihl'-ul tlie 'consistory held on November 29, 181)5. - : For some years past Cardinal Ootll lins held the post of prefect 'of the Con grcgatUn of Indulgences and Sacred Relics. /.-> -fy- The election of a Pope 1S| perhaps tho most fyi impressive- and .Interesting 'ceremonial Uiat can tulco plnoe-ln the world. The Itv.iuiu care- .Jl; menial prescribes that as soon as :iie Pr i h dead all the officials are to leave the p-riuoe li except the Cardinal Camerlongo. As soon as . ,1,! he has declared the Pope to be dead the score- tarlcs bring the.. ring of. tlie Fisherman wifd.- the seal ot tlic deceased pontiff to irim, ai d he breaks them with a hammer. The, se.:rq-,.w "tary ot the SaorW College sends notloofc to.-ali.-. absent cardinals.. Informing them bf the death ; of .the Pope, und without any formal .sum- . -J mons they hasten to' tha election. On the "J morning of the eleventh day after the Pope s death tile Cardinals gather in the BasllU.,1 of St. Poio'r and the Cardinal Dean there colo- . : brutes the Mass of the Holy Ghost. After this ; Is finished, while the Vent' Creator Is being ( sung, thoy .proceed to .the . conclave In . tlio . Vatican palace. . The laws cfonecrnlng tne y election are read to them, arid it'he Cardinal" promise under oath to observe them. r Once having entered- the conclave they can not leave until after the election ot tho. new Pope. It a Cardinal should become ill he can not return, nor can he Mayo uny voice in tho election. The windows of that part of tho Vatican palace set apart for tlie conclave ara ; wrilied up, and all doors leading to the con-. ! clave are likewise dosed, except one, n'hiohi : is doubly locked, and only opened' to peripH » -| slok' Cardinal to leave, or one who comes.Iatei ... to 'enter.- . Food and, whatever cine . may " bo ' necessary Is Introduced through a .'turmni;- box, 'which Is also doubly, locked. Each .Onvdi-.' aril is assigned to a'ceU by lot, and over the ; ceil Ib placed, his coat-of-nrms, covered with, green sorgo or with piirple If lie lias » en created by the dcceused Pontiff. The election of the Cardinal Sovereig" ««- tiff may lie accomplished In three waj- Id quasi Inspiration, by, compromise, or- by « lug. which In Latin Is called scruthilum. 'fhj.i: election by qunsi-lnsplrutlon may be .valid Ir is necessary that after the conclave has begun, every Cardinal unanimously and at one.: should agree on the same person without a n;.v previous deliberation on. tho subject. An- .' election by compromise occurs when the-Car- ;- dlnals commit: the, right- of choosing the .Pope, ' to: a few of , their body. As soon as those per- ' , sons, make a choice the,,- one chosen Is "validly bleated, Pope. Tills method of election is rar-- , and , thut:. by.- the quasi-lnspiiution Is still rarer. The usual methbd -ls by the sei'Utiriiuia-. or ballot. - Beforo the voting bcglim three Car£ are chosen by lot to act us tellers. . A; vase un the altar of tlie chapel seryos." ballot box, und lieur It Is a form of path each Cardinal takes before ho ! votes. . im-tli Is: "I call upon God, who wilt 1 Judge, to witness that I choose the . whom before God I Judge ought L> hi- el and that I will do the same In -tin ii. i-sm When at last some one of the.cai.-lala'.ej In.®.-.,; received two- thirds of the votes 1 Is.-; declared, the Junior C'artVnal Dei- a cngs «, ? hell, and the muster of ceremoni ml the :, secretary of tho Sacred College -;r the1; eliupcl. Tho Cardlnul Dean, with others. approaches the Cardlnul elected u o asks him . , Jt -iio aoeepls the papacy. He us, .-. the new >: Pope what name ho Intends to tci aiul tho secretary records It. The Oardh.. t iV.nainu , conduct the new ronllff behind Uii alter, whore ho puIh on the pontifical ve nni tils. He Is then placed beforo the Wgli altar, where,, seated In tho oliuh- of slate,, he re ceives tho salutations of the Carilliiain. - "v.r; Each one lc(s»cs Iris foot, his band aud IiIb mouth, the Cardinal Camerlengo places on Iris finger tlio ring of the Fisherman, which:; the Pontiff then gives to tlie master of cere-'!;- monies to have his name cut Then the firat Cardinal deacon, p> the : musicians und the clmlr, singing.', -bt-., Socordos Mugnus," gora to tlm bale-.iiy ov. r the entrance to tlio paluee to tie- ktio. i" tb-j people tho, olcctlon of the Pontiff. "I announce to you a great Joy. We liuvd us Pope tho Most Eminent and Most, ltever-- ;ond , Cnrdlrial of the holy Roman Church, who lias taken the name of — — 'J'lie most Important question just now 1s ris to tlio policy of ' tho Pope's successor. Will ho follow tho policy of Rope Leo? Tho long struggle that lins been going on be-, tweeu the Pope and the Itullan Government. - wilt luirdly cease at tlic death ef tlie present Pontiff, and his successor must be a man ready to cope with all the difficulties suro to arise. It IB because of these conditions that those who understand tlie situation de-. ciurc that it must be an Italian Cardinal who will bo unnounced as the next Pope by tho conclave. . Notwithstanding the princely dignity and the still more princely prospects of Cardinal Gottl, ho remains In the solitude of his household ut . 51 Foro Tralano, Rome, as liumblo a CurincUto us ever, The rule of his order, us- practiced by him in- Its ancient, severity, Is very strict. A correspondent of the "Dally News" writes: — These farmhouses (the Boers) ara much better built than. the average pioneer.' farmer' in Australia owns. They make no attempt at adornment; but builtl plain, sub stantial houses containing mostly about six rcoins. 'I'lio roofs are mostly flat, and the frontages plain to ugliness. They do no fencing, except where they go lu for ostrich bleeding. . 