BARGAINS THAT HAVE BEEN MISSED. Sows short whilo since a jeweller, when starting business in ono of our northern towns, sought to attract notice, and con sequent custom, by displaying in his window a dozen silver brooches, each worth 10s, but ticketed only 2s, and 12 QtMiuwt niMwva iu gviu, muuil, UH'Uj(ii costing £2 2s apioco, ware offered nt the same price. Tho former had a quick sale, but not until the tradesman had consider ably raised tho amount originally deman ded for tho latter did they find pur chasers. A gold brooch for 2s. You don't catch us with that chaff, thought every one, nnd to thoir subsequent regret thoy refused to bite. In the winter nf 1898 a dealer in curio9 and antiques, who carried on business in Seymour Phu-o, Marylobono Road, exhi bited in ills window, for a wager, a heap of coins, among which, in a pronunont position, wore a number of English sovereigns, surmounted with a ticket inscribed, " these coins 15s Cd each. For a few days only." Although there were ninny curious gazers there were no buyers, nnd tlio tradesman won his bet. Last summer a Parisian shopkeeper, either for a wager or for ndvertisomont, offored for ono month only a number of 20 frnnc pieces at five francs each. They were placed prominently in his window, dud at times attracted a small crowd, curious hut suspicious. None went be yond jocular inquiry until the last day of tho stated period, when a nian entered and, to the tradesman's horror, insisted on buying tlio lot, some fifty in nil. An hour later nnothcr man appeared, and handing over tlio 20 francs pieces to tho wondering tradesman requested the return of tho 250 francs, stating thnt the purchaser was a gentleman of weak intol- luienues, won nun inaiiugcu in ciunu mo vigilanco of his friondx, and as such was not ono nf whom nilvnntago should bo taken. Needless to say tho othor was ontircly of this opinion. About the beginning of the present century a Mr. Whnloy, nn Irishman noted for his eccentric wagers — on one occasion ho won £20,000 by walking to Constan tinople nnd buck within a year — gainod no small sum by offering somo vnlunblo diamonds for salo at a guinea each. Al though by tho terms of tho agrcoment ho was obliged to guarantee tho genuineness of tho stones, his words found no credence and by declining to give the prico do- inandcd for what they considered worth- lass crystals tho public enabled Mr. Whnloy to win his inonoy. During thn rourso of his ontertainmont tho Into Dr. Lynn, tho eolobrated con- jurer, upon ono occasion produced what lio declared to bo four genuino £5 notes, and nnnounccd ho woald present thorn to tho first four among his audienco who should bid 5s npicco. His words dieted much morriniont but no gouuiiin - rcsnonso. nnd thn innoicinn. nftnc wniting nwliilo so that thoso prcsont < might fully consider tho matter, wont on with his tricks. Subsequently it became known that Ilia notes were really good, and that tlio affair had been tlio outcome . of a bet. | In tho early eighties a most oligiblo house in one of London's southern suburbs was to let. There wore sovernl applicants, but ono and all on being told the rent, for tho ridculous lowness of which no oxplano- tion was vouchsafed doclincd to como to terms, suspocting drains, damp, ghost, or undesirable accessory. At last tho owner himself took up his abode there, when it transpired that the houso — together with othor property— had been loft him by a distant relative, conditionally on his re fusing to givo any reason for the merely nominal rent that ho was alono permitted to demand. The Russians have a veteran actress of whom thoy uro very proud. Madame Orlav, in spito of being ninoly-fivo years of ngc, recently appeared on tho stago in a performance spociolly givon in aid of a clutritablo institution. Madame Orlav has the distinction of having been tho first actress to play Lady Macbeth and Ophelia in the Russian tongue. 