CANON BA~BTLETT AND THE BIBLE IN STATE SH0800LS. To THE EDITOB OF THE QUOEKOSLLD TIWES. Sma,-The sentence in Canon Bartlett's dii. ooures, as reported in your issune of the 7th August, which I consider the most important, is that in which he says that the omission from the State school readers of certain verses of poetry was enough, or should be enough, to make every parent say, "God helping me, I .wJt not give my vote at the next eleetion to anybody hot the man who is prepared to bring back the life giving word of God into the earri. comlm of the edunation of the young." It was the worde spoken by Jesus bChrist and by His apostles whioh alone had this quality. Christ says-" The words that I speak unto you they are spirit and they are life." St. Paul, in 2nd Cor. I, 14, says, "We are come as far as to you also in prnaohing the Gospel of Chriet ;" also BRmans k., 15, "How beautiful are the feet of them that presoch the Gospel of peace and bring glad tidings of good things ;" also 2nd Cor. v., 18, 19, 20, "All things are of God, who bath reonciled as to Himself by Jesus Christ, and hath given to us the ministry of reconeoiliation, to wit: that God was in Christ reconciling the world onto Himself, not imputing their trespasses unto them, and bath committed onto us the word of reonciliation. Now. then, we are ambaessa dors for Chriest, as though God did beseech you by us, we pray you, in Christ's stead, be ye reconciled to God." The whole polity of Jeesus Christ'e teaching Lt based on this prin. I oiple. Hence, in His commission to the Apoostles, it Is "Go ye, therefore, and teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the .ather, and of the o80n, and of the. Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all. things whatsoever I have commanded you. And lo, I am with you always, even unto the 'nd of the world" ('ansthe* xoviii., 19 and 20). Onoe more, John xx, 21, 22, and 22, "Then said Jesus onto them again, peace be onto you. As My Father bath sent Me even so send l you. A~nd when He had said this, He breathed upon them, and saith unto them reoseve ye the Holy Ghost. Whosoever sins ye remit they are remitted unto them; and whosoever sins ye retain thpy ar restained" might go on quoting passages of a similar character, but I feel sure that once the careflul attention of your intelligent readers is drawn to these facts, and to the deatbdeallng nature of the words of the Jewish Pentateuch, they will at once agree with me that Canon Bartlett -no doubt unintentionally-was carried away in his seal for upholding the authority of the rmttesn word. As a proof of my honest belief and study of what I now write, I will quote a few sentences as they present themselvee to my mind. St. Paul eays, " The law of the spirit of life in Christ Jesse has made me free from the law of sin and death (by the Mosaio or Pentasoheucoal law), for I had not known sin but by the law; for if I kept the law in some things and of fended in others the eondemnation was the same." The whole teadenoy of St. Paul's most masterly treatment of this subject cannot hut nall forth the highest appreciation of the Apostle to the Gentiles. Thus we arrive at the conolusion, that in the Divine method, as foreshadowed by the teaohing of Christ and His Apostles in the New Testament, oral teaoh ngandpreaching of the glad tidingsf esalvation by Godin COhrlantJesu is the life giving prin ciple, when acoompanisd by the- power of the &oly; Spirit. There is not one reference made by Ohriest, in bi commistion, to any written book or word of God written only Bis-" What soever I have commanded you." Continuing my analysis of Genesis, the next important statement which calls for immediate attention is that of the 26th, 27th, and 28th verees of the first chapter, where God is repre sented as saying "Let us make man in our image after our likeness." Indeed, this idea of God runs through the whole book, and in chapter 18, where the Lord is said to have ap peeared to Abraham-"as he sat in the tent door In the hest of the day, he lifted op his eyes, and saw three men, who stood by him." They were entertained; they aotually ate bread, butter, and milk, as well as the flesh of the calf. They asked after BSarah, statesd that ahe should have a son, whloh made Baerah laugh (veree 18). "And the Lord said unto Abrahsm (verse 14), ' Is anything too hard'for the Lord ·'" And the men rope up from thbene and went towards Bodom, Abraham going with them. Verse 17--"And the Lord said, Shall I hide from Abraham that thing whioh I do'?" &o.; Then, again, JaOeb, in the 92nd chapter, 24th verse, is represented as wrestling with a man who, in the 28th verse, is said to be God In the 20th verse it is elstated that the name of the place wes olled Peniel, beonause .Jaob is sid to have teen God' fae to faes. But what strikes the candid reader and inquirer after trth most in thisbl transotion ie what seems to me to be the utter disregard of God's moreal at tributes-that He Who is of purer eyes than to behold iniquity should, as I read it, be made a party to a huge deseption, end apparently, both directly and. lpdireotly, assist in oarrying it out. It seeme s6 my mind to east a serlois doubt as to whether this book of fnenesls is, as Ganon Bartlett asserts, the Divinely-inepired, lite-giving Word of God at all. At all evenrts, there are traneeations recordod in this book whioh it would be highly injudiolous to oiron late and propagate among our young people suoa as, for instance, tnat of Noan getting drunk, end the conduct of bis two daughters; Abraham's action towards Hagar, also his de nial of hie wife and noting deceptively on more than one oocaieon; the Dinah and Shechem affair; the Tamer and Judah episode; and many other shady transaotions, unfitted, in my opinion, for the perusal of our young people ?t our publio and State schoole. Your intelligent readers will see at ones that those who con scientiouely object to the Jewish Pentateuch being included in the currioulum of our State sohoole bavo real, valid grounds for doing so. The word " Bible," in the minds of many, is a fetieh engendered by a slavish worship of a book which, however excellent in many ibings, can not take precedenoo of God's epoken lving words,orof these of His beloved Son. Let God he true and every man a liar when the words of both are placed in juaiposition. The book of ,. *. Genesls, although It relates many interesting hiatorical facts conoerning Abraham and his descendants. has many fatal defects as a school book for our youths, notably that in which the integrity, purity, and holiness of Almighty God are compromised. Yours, &o.;, A LOVER OF THE TRUTH, [This correspondenoe must now cease. ED. Q.T.] 