TIff "LADIES CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION ask the help of more Christian friends to enable them to publish these Sermons Weekly. Subscriptions received by Mrs. Fogg, Mrs. Nicholas, and Mr Nutt, to, Fitzroy-place. THOUGHTS FOR YOUNG MEN. By Bishop Ryle. "How is your heart? Is thy heart I right ? Is it right in the sight of God? I do not ask about your head. You may know the whole truth as it is in Jesus, and consent that it is good. You may be clear, correct, and sound in your religious opinions, but all the time you may be walking in the broad way which leadeth to destruction. It is your heart which is in question. "How is your heart ?" I do not ask about your outward life. It may be moral, decent, respectable, in the eyes of men. Your minister, and friends, and neighbours may be nothing very wrong in your general conduct. But all this time you may be hanging on the ' brink of everlasting rum. It is your I heart which is in question. "How IS j your heart? I do not ask about your wishes and desires. You may have many good feelings about your soul. You may long to and the death of the righteous " You may sometimes tremble at the thought of judgment to come, or be melted to tears by the tidings of Christ's love j But all this time you may be slowly drift- j ing downward into hell. It is your heart which is in question. "How is your, heart?" Why do I ask this question? I ask is because of the immense importance j of the heart in religion. Turn to your I Bible. See what your Bible says on the subject. In a question of this kind it matters nothing what the world thinks right or wrong. There is only one sure I test of truth. What saith the Scriptures? ! wins a writer" in the Bible? What is the mind of the Holy Ghost? if we can- not submit our judgments to this infallible umpire, it is useless to pretend that we have any religion at all. For one thing, the Bible teaches that the heart is that part of us on which the state of our soul depends. "Out of it are the issues of life. The reason, the understanding, the conscience, the affections, are all second in importance to the heart. The heart is the man. It is the seat of all spiritual life, and health, and strength, and growth. It is the hinge and turn- ing point in the condition of man's soul If the heart is alive to God, and quickened by the Spirit, the man is a living Christian. If the heart is dead, and has not the Spirit, the man is dead before. God. The heart is the man. Tell me not merely what a man says and pro-, fesses, and where a man goes on Sunday, and what money he puts into the collect- ing place. Tell me rather what his heart is, and I will tell you what he is "As a man thinketh in his heart, so is he." i or another thing, the Bible teaches that the heart is that part of us at winch God especially looks. "Man looketh on the outward appearance, but the Lord looketh on the heart." "Every way of a man is right in his own eyes but the Lord pon doeth the hearts." Man is naturally content with the outward part of religion, with outward morality, outward correctness, outward regular attendance on means of Grace. But the eyes of the Lord God look much farther. He regards our motives. He "weighed the spirit,." He says Himself, I the Lord search the heart, I try the reins." For another thing, the Bible teaches that the heart is the first and foremost thing which God asks man to give Him My son." He says, give Me thine heart. ' We may give God a bowed head and a serious face, our bodily presence in His house, and a loud Amen But until we give God our heart, we give him nothing at all. The sacrifices of the Jews in Isaiah's time were many and costly. They drew nigh to God with their mouth, and honoured Him with their lips. But they were all wholly useless, because the heart of the worshippers was far from God. What is the heart in man's body? It is the principal and most important organ in the whole frame. A man may live many years in spite of fevers, wounds, and loss of limbs But a man cannot live if you injure IUB heart. Just so it is with the heart in religion. It is the fountain of life to the soul. What is the mainspring to the watch? It is the cases of all its movements, and the secret of all its usefulness. The case may be costly and beautiful. The face and figures may be skilfully made. But if there is anything wrong with the mainspring, the works will not go. Just so it is with the heart in religion. It is the mainspring of life to the soul. Reader, would you know the reason why such multitudes around you take no interest in religion? They have no real concern about God, or Christ, or the Bible, or heaven, or hell, or judgment, or eternity They care for nothing but what they shall eat, or what they shall drink, or what they shall put on, what money they can get, or what pleasure they can have. It is their heart which is in fault' They have not the least appetite for the things of God They are destitute of any taste or inclination for spiritual things. They need a new mainspring. They want a new heart Wherefore Is there a price in the hand of a fool to get wisdom, seeing he hath no heart to its"' Reader, would you know the reason why so many hear the Gospel year after year, and yet remain unmoved by it? Their minds seem like Bunyan's "slough of despond." Cartloads of good instruction are poured into them without producing any good effect Their reason is convinced. Their head assents to the truth. Their conscience is sometimes pricked Their feelings are sometimes roused. Why do they stick fast? Why do they carry ? It is their heat to which are at fault I Some secret idol chains them down to the earth, and keeps them tied hand and foot, so that they cannot move. They want a new heart. Their picture is drawn faithfully by Ezekiel, They sit before thee as My people, and they hear thy words, but they will not do them for with their mouth they show much love, but their heart goeth after their covetousness " Reader, would you know the reason why thousands of so called Christians will be lost at last, and perish miserably in hell ? They will not be able to say that God did not offer salvation to them. They will not be able to plead that Christ did not send them invitations Oh no They will be obliged to confess that "all things were ready for them, except their own hearts. Their own hearts will prove to have been the cause of their rum. The life-boat was alongside the wreck, but they would not enter it Christ would have gathered them, but they would not be gathered Christ would have saved them, but they would not be saved. They, love darkness more than light. Their hearts were in fault They would not come to Christ that they might have life. Young men, you have all consciences. Corrupt and ruined by the fall as we are, each of us has a conscience. In a corner of each heart there sits a witness for God-a witness who condemns when we do wrong, and approves when we do right. To that witness I make my appeal this day Are not the things that I have been saying true? Go then, young men, and resolve this day to remember your Creator in the days of your youth Before the day of grace is past, before your conscience has become hardened by age, and deadened by repeated trampling under foot, while you have strength, and time, and opportunities go and join yourself to the Lord in an everlasting covenant not to be forgotten. The Spirit will not always strive. The voice of conscience will become feebler and fainter every year you continue to resist it. Make haste, and delay not. Linger and hesitate no more. Think of the unspeakable comfort you will give to parents, relations, and friends, if you take my counsel. They have expended time, money, and health i to rear you, and make you what you are. Surely they deserve some consideration at your hands. Who can reckon up the joy and gladness which young people have it in their power to occasion? Who can tell the anxiety and sorrow that one like Esau, and Hophni and Pbinehas, and Absolom may cause ? Truly, indeed does Solomon say, A wise son maketh a glad father, but a foolish son is the heaviness of his mother." Oh, consider these things, and give God your heart ! Let it not be said of you at last, as it is of many, that your youth was a blunder, your manhood a struggle, and your old age a regret." Think of the good you may be the instruments of doing to the world. Almost all the most eminent saints of God sought the Lord early. Moses, Samuel, David, Daniel, he served God from their youth. God seems to delight in putting special honour upon young Boy wants - remember the honour He placed upon our own young King, Edward the Sixth, And what might we not confidently expect, if young men in our own day would consecrate the springtime of their lives to God? Agents are wanted now in almost every great and good cause, and cannot be found Mnolunory of every kind for spreading truth exists, but there are not hands to work it. Money is more easily got for doing good than men Ministers are wanted for new churches, missionaries are wanted for new stations, visitors are wanted for neglected dis- tricts, teachers are wanted for new schools, -many a good cause IS standing still merely for want of agents. The supply of godly, faithful, trustworthy men, for posts like those I have named is far below the demand. Young men of the present day, you are wanted for God. This is peculiarly an age of activity. We are shaking off some of our past selfish- ness. Men no longer sleep the sleep of apathy and indifference about others, as their forefathers did. 