Quizignaphs. It is rumored that if other means fail there may in a double dissolution to enforce Legislative Council reform Only this would take place about the ordinary time for tin Assemb'y dissolution, pay in April 1902, and so would penalise only the Legislative Council. This of course could be done if the Household Suffrage Bill were again passed by the Assembly and rejected by the Council next session. In view of the Federal elections and their broad Franchise, the uncom promising opponents of the local measure have some nasty questions to answer. Charles Cameron Kingston has always declared lh*t thr; Fedeial Constitution was not only guot in itself but was a model on which S ate Constitutions must be fashion* d and reformed. This view has n)w been emphasised by the Age. Toe Symese thunderer declares that as regards the franchise to maintain the contrary J would b9 ' an outrage on decency which the people would not tolerate.' The Age further says that the Com monwealth Bill embraces the principles for which the Liberal Party have been contending for thirty years, and it cannot avoid serving as a model for, the State Constitution also. . . . Conservatism having surrendered its cherished forms of franchise in the j Federation cannot maintain them any | longer in the State. . . The best brains of Australasia made the i Commonwealth, Bill what it is, and | the arguments in favor of its franchise application to States are unanswer able. It seems quite on the cards that the Age will start a franchise crusade in Victoria. * * * J. H. Symon has done yeoman service for Australia in the fight which he waged here almost single handed for the Commonwealth Bill as accepted by the people. Quiz undor stands that Symon's politics will be distinctly Liberal, and despite Sir Richard Baker s bragging to the con trary, Josh should beat him hand somely in the run for the Federal stakes. Many of the N.D.L. members are desperately bitter against Symon and will give him no quarter. There fore, Liberals should be correspond ingly alert on the other side. * * * In the death of the Hon Samuel Tomkinson, M.L.O., there passed away one of the most picturesque in dividualities in South Australian politics. And we have seen a few. GROUP OF SOUTH AUSTRALIAN SOLDIERS. This picture was taken at Johannesburg the day after the British occupation of that city. He was early identififd with politics before he left England, having been associated with such giants as Bright and G jbden in the Corn Law repeals. In South Australia, as manager of a leading banking institution, he was for many years a pillar of the commercial world, and a good example of a splendid citizen. * * * No man showed a greater adherence to his political principles than the late Mr Tomkinsoa. There was never any doubt as to which vay he would vote. In his legislative lexicon there was no such word as ' trim.' Quiz never did admire Mr Tomkinson's politics, but he respected him more as a man than soidh ii^eu whosH politics he confesses an admiration for. Mr Tomkinson was intensely British, with a gentlemanly arrogance. H-j worshipped emblems of authority devoutly, and the Dailies lose a frequent 'Pro Brno Publico' contributor to their open columns. * * * Much might be written about the ]a*e Mr Tomkinson and his ^good qualities Po i ically no one has denounced C. 0. Kingston with such fervor as the deceased gentleman, who has cdied hi n a 'pDlitical tyrant' and other gentle names. Privately, no one admired the only Charles more than the late Simue*, who, having been a close friend of the ex-Preiaier's father, watched with interest the career of the son. Mr Tomkinson died at the age of 84. He fiercely objected to be called (Tomki9 and (Sammy,' and strangely enough was extremely sensitive ab jut his honorable old age. And thereauent a resurrected reminiseen -e. Quiz innocently asked Mr Tomkinson on one occasion the date of his birth, and was met with a dignified rebuff. ' t distinct y decline toan8wer that question. Were I to teil you, Sir, I shuuid have the news papers referring to me as Old Tomkin son.1 The reply was characteristic and for that reason was respected. * * * The opponents of Legislative Council reform who seek for Federal honors are likely o have a warm time of it when th^v g-»t on the hustings. The 100,000 S »uth Australian men and women who are disfranchised from our Legislative Council will in a few months be sought to cast their votes for their Federal representatives, and the Tory element will not be for gotten for their constitutional short comings. Trie humor of the position is exquisite, for the hidebound Tory will have to mike his servile supplica tions from an electoral platform that he absolutely refused to grant to "those whom he will now be seeking franchise favors from. What a paetic chance for the elector ! * * * Vacancy in the Central District for the Legislative Council, owing to the death of Mr S. Tomkinson, has been freely discussed. The seat would be a gift to C. 0. Kingston who now has the chance of realising his cherished ideal of Upper House reform. Against this, however, there are his Federal aspirations, and his certainty of a seat in the first Government. The vacancy occurs with a fine irony, for if it cornea to pass that Kingston fiings away Federal ambitions for local legislative reform, and the Radical sits in the place of the staunch old Conservative, how one will smile at the satire of circumstance. * * * The no-confidence motion by Oppo sition Leader Solomon fizzled out miserably. The HolS^r G6verntnent obtained a majority of 11 without any effort. Indeed, the whole debate seemed to suffer from that 1 tired feel ing1 and badly wanted a stimulant from the economic pharmacopoeia to iv^n ic up. Undoubtedly Treasurer Holder made a mistake, but it was intensely amusing to hear the patro nising tone of some hou. members when dealing with the Premier. The Government did not worry at all about Captain Howland, and Lieutenants Stapleton, Blair, and Way, camped on the veldt near Johannesburg. the motion, and for some time the Premier and occupants of the Treasury benches imptoved their time by reading Pock, and exchanged opinions with regard to the cartoons and humor of that smart American illustrated. Some of the speeches were exces sively dull, and Quiz advises certain members not to talk so much to the gallery—they are only advertising their mediocrity, and that is a com modity which looks out of place even in Hansard The most practical speech was that delivered by Aller dale Gr dnger, who really summed up the pjsition in these words:—'They all recognised the Treasurer had made * mistake, and they would support the resolution if it were not a no-con fi lence motion. He wanted the other side to understand that there was no occasion for them to waste the time of > he House—he did not think it had b^en wasted that day—or unfairly imje le the progress of tbe business of the Hous-% oetcause they bad not tho ghost of a chance of ^occupying the Treasury benches—if they ever got them by any fluke—until they altered their views on the .franchise for tbe Legislative Council. * * * Govern r Tennyson thinks the Federal capital should ba named HopetQwn. Perilously like the $o veraor-jQeaeral's name. jL©* **© see the me before we christen it thopgb* # * * Jeff. Stow, S.M., who had a birth diy on Monda>, was editor of the 'Tiser over twenty years ago. Jeff, had a habit then of rehearsing some of his best stories to himself, so that he would see that they were a success when given at bis club later on in the evening. 