WOHEN'SiHRISTIftNTfMPEflfldCEl THE ANNUAL GATHERING. . ;ine . toe-. word; the women that publiEhtheiidings are a great host." Eepfsehtatives of a groat host of woinri .of Victoria assembled on Monday ror tne. annual meeting's and conference of the Women's Christian Temperance. Union, . . Headquarters in Flinders street served "only for the opening ceremonies. The Toiyn Hall had been engaga for the big demonstration at night, when the chair was taken by the Hon. Alfred Dealtiii. and addresses descriptive of the work of the "Union during the last twelve months delivered by prominent leaders of both sexes. A first-class musical pro- programme was also rendered. "Prayer and Praise" constituted . the ceremonies at Monday's meeting of Undelegates. Mrs. A1 way took charge of those in attendance in the large, drawingropm, an elderly gentleman and oiir ' rpresentative A being the only males present. The conductress an nounced, the forty-eighth hymn, a pecu liarly appropriate selection, Sweet Hour of" "Prayer.' It was sung without instrumental accompaniment, as In deed were all the hymns. . Next, followed a reading from Scripture, the Acts of the Apostles being levied upon for suitable passages. "Verse 14 served the purpose : "These all continued with one accord In prayer and supplication, with the women, and Mary the mother of Jesus, and with his brethren." Also the verses referring to the descent of, the Holy Ghost in . the form of tongues of fire, were read amidst close atten tion. Mrs Alway prayed aloud, then the company prayed in silence, and sub sequently took it in" turns to offer up short petitions. The elderly gentle man, whose bass voice lent great effect to the hymns, responded to the invita tion to lead in prayer with an invocation remarkably simple and heartfelt, and some more hymns and prayers brought the first hour to a, close. Mrs Press next took charge, and she was succeed-, ed at 2.30 by Mrs Phillips. The annual report of the Union dealt with the Working Girls' Club and Home, temperance booths at agricultural shows, scientific com petitive examination, juvenile depat- ment, meetings for -parents, Victorian contingent, famine-stricken India, pledge- signing crusade, womanhood suffrage, women as police matrons, drugged lozen ges, juvenile depravity, boards of advice, and a number of other matters. The annual meeting and conference of the Women's Christian Temperance Union of Victoria was continued on Tues day at the Independent Church, Collins street, Mrs Press occupying the chair. At ten o'clock the delegates assembled, and there were prayers and praise for half an hour, after which the roll was called, and then the chairman — or should it be chairwoman? — introduced the "busi ness" part of the programme. In a brief speech, fluently delivered and excellently phrased, she called attention to the im portance of the work they had before them. They hoped and were praying for the time when every member of a church congregation should he a pledged ab stainer from strong drink. That time was certainly coming nearer, and was being helped splendidly by the Christian Endeavorers. The members of the union connected with the Endeavorers should work with the view of securing that amongst those who were pledged to serve Christ should also be established committees that would work for tem perance. As "citizens," Mrs Press asked that the delegates should work with heartiness, "for they were citizens with a great stake in the land, despite the fact that they had not yet achieved the franchise. Their stake was their homes, and their boys and girls, whom it was their desire to turn to God." They should work against the drink traffic, and speci ally in opposition to the desecration of the Eord's Day, which was spreading be cause of the manner in which the publi cans-were allowed to trade on Sundays, j The few remarks were received with applause, and added to by Mrs Thomp son (Malvern), Mrs Spalding (Ararat), and Mrs Wright (Hamilton). Mr.Fullwood, of the Victorian Alliance, entered, and modestly sat himself in a corner out of the way of the chairman, but Mrs Press spied him and prevailed upon him to make a few remarks. He complied, and having congratulated the W.C.T.U. for the excellent work in ad vancing the temperance cause that they had already done, urged them to remain steadfast aiid energetic till all that they and their fellow-workers amongst men had achieved their, desire and had de stroyed the power of the drink evil. The colonial secretary, Mrs Kirk, read the report for tlie year. Incidentally she mentioned that the result of the pledge crusade had been the gaining of 1287 pledges, ' WiHfamstown heading the list with 255, others being Ascot "Vale 140, Melbourne 120, Stawell, 100, Pens- hurst 56, Collingwood 78, Hawthorn 84. The membership of the union totalled 1697 seniors and 1950 juniors. Mrs Jones, of the Hawthorn Union, ' holders hitherto of the membership prize banner, handed the banner over to Mi's Treverton, president of the j Collingwood Union.whicli had carried off the prize for the'past year. The Conference met at two o'clock, af ter luncheon, Mrs Press again occupying the chair. After devotional exercises, Mrs Press presented the treasurer's re- port, which showed a credit balance, af ter an. -expensive year, of L2 16s, but out standing liabilities left a debit balance of L12. : The report was adopted 