A BETTING- PBOSECUTION. 'APPEAL TO THE FULL COURT, On Friday, September 21, before HU ¡Honour the Chief Juatioe, Sir A« 0. Onslow, and Mir. Justioe Hensman, was ¡heard the case of William Littlejohn {defendant!, appellant, and A. Dunn {informant), respondent. This was an appeal against the convic- tion of the appellant for keeping a shop Sn Hannans-fitreet, Kalgoorlie, tor bet- ting purposes. Mr. Moorhead, instruct- ed by Mr. Abbott, appeared for the ap- pellant, and Mr. Wood, instructed by .the Crown Solicitor, for the respondent. Mr. Moorhead said that the appellant bad been convicted at the Police Court lat Kalgoorlie, of keeping open a shop, known as the vReliable," for betting pur- poses. The information was laid under iection 4 of the Polios Act Amendment Act, 1893. Against that finding the de- fendant annealed, and the Magistrate (submitted the following questions for answer:-(1) Does the Information dis- close an offence under section 4 of the Act« (2) was the Magistrate right in con- victing and, inflicting a penalty : (3) was there sufficient corroboration cr the evi- dence of Constable Byrne,; <4) was the evidence of Constable Nasmith rightly admitted j (6) was the defendant rightly convicted. The first question, he thought, might be answered in the affir- mative, for lt had to be conceded that ike information did disclose an offence. The answer to tibs second question would lie thought, depend upon the answers to the questions 3 and 4. He contended that there was no evidence to show a user of the shops. A single instance did ¿hot constitute a user. There was no evi- dence either to show that the defendant was on the premises at the lime that the betting ticket was purchased, and there was nothing to connect him with it. The évidence in corroboration of Constable Byrne was that of an accom- plice. The Chief Justice i Can you have a Èetter corroboration than the produc- ion of the ticket? Mr, Moorhead asked how i£ was con- nected with the man Littlejohn, who was not on the premises. There was no evidence to show that the person who sold the ticket was acting for the owner. The fact that a totalisator machine was found in the shop was not corrobora- tion. A totalisator was a movable thine:, and it might have been taken into the shop by any person, and there was no evidence to connect the appellant with Ít. The appellant did not bet on it, and te did not net money out of his pocket against th j public. It had be?n held that a sweepstakes waa not a bet, md it Could be shown that a totalisator was not either The Chief Justice : It may have been said that the totalisator machine wns f qr amusement, aa in the case of a poker machine. There is nothing to show that tho management derived any profit from it. 4 Mr. Justice Hensman; I have heard that some tich people have depraved tastes for gambling, and keep a machine for their own excitement. Mr. Moorhead : Baccarat is a favourite form of amusement amongst the rich. Mr. Justice Hensman : This place was called tlie '"Reliable." «The bouse Re- liable Littlejohn," it sounds like the "Pilgrim's Progress." (Laughter.) The Chief Justice: And "Cash Fielder* f" Is that a man that takes up cash? Mr. Parker: Perhaps, I may explain. It means a bookmaker, who takes the cash from the bettor, and uses the tic- ket to record it. Mr. Moorhead: My friend is playing "Hamlet," without the ghost. A cash fielder ia a man who bets on tho field, on the racecourse. Mr. Moorhead, continuing, said that a totalisator was a lottery. Mr. Justice Hensman : No ; it is dis- tinct. In a totalisator, a man selects _ bis horse. A lottery is purely chance. Mr. Moorhead said that it was necesr sary also for the informant to show that ; the public resorted to the shop for tue purpose of betting with the appellant, and, as be bad said, one instance didj not constitute a user, a resorting to. j The verb ".Tesort" had been held to mean "to go to, to frequent." Mr. Justice Hensman : It is a curious thing that the Magistrate did not send tip the ticket as an exhibit. The Chief Justice : tt is the Magis- trate's duty to see that the exhibits are attached tb the case. Perhaps Mr. Wood will see that the exhibits were eeut np iu future. Mrr Wood said that the Magistrates usually sent up the important exhibits, and he would see that it was done. Mr. Justioe Hensman said that all tho exhibits should be sent. The Magistrate could not determine what was impor- tant. Mr. Moorhead referred to the ques- tion of corroboration, and that the evi- dence of the police was the evidence of accomplices Mr. Justice Hensman t It seems to me strange that if these places ere kept open to the public, that some honeBt maa could not go in and see what was going on, without betting himself and procur- ing the offence. The Chief Justice: I think it is well that the police should understand tbat it is not necessary for them to go the Írhole length of committing the offence o give evidence. It is sufficient that they should go in and look about them and sea what ia done. That would be good evidence. I expect it is a mistake, on the part of the police, who do not i know what evidence is. Mr. Justioe Hensman : They have in-1 tellkent people over them, who do know | what evidence is. The Chief Justice: I cannot help thinking-looking at the evidence of Byrne sud Dunn-that they thought it was accessary to do the act of betting to give evidence. I am surprised that they are not properly advised. lar. Justice Hensman ¡ It is not neces- sary for them to join in committing the offence. You should not induce a man to do that for which you are after- wards going to prosecute him. The Chief Justice, in giving judgment, said that the answer to the first ques- tion would, as Mr. Moorhead bad con- ceded it, be in the affirmative. The se- cond question was somewhatpremature, in point of logic. It read, "Was I right in inflicting a penalty under the ActP" The answer to that would be that be I would have been perfectly right in in- flicting a penalty if the charge alleged in the information had been proved. The third question was : "Waa there any cor- roboration of Police-constable Byrne P" j and that raised the most important ques- tion. Corroboration was required, be- cause the witness was himself an accom- plice, a "particeuB eriminis." There was nothing, in law, which settled the amount of corroboration that was neces- sary. That was a matter entirely for the Judge, and to his mind there was ample corroboration. The ticket seemed to bim conclusive evidence of the truth of what the constable said. Mr. Moorhead had argued very strongly that the ticket that Nasmith swore to, and the one Byrne swore to, were different in charac- ter. One was a totalisator ticket, and tbe other was the ticket of the cash fielder. He did not think that mattered much. It was, at all events, corrobora- tive evidence that gambling in some form or other was carried on on the pre- mises. He thought that the appellant had been rightly convicted. Mr. Justioe Hensman said that he also was of opinion that the Magistrate was right in convicting the defendant. With regard to the evidence of the police, he said that they were not accomplices who had joined in keeping the house, or in going there to do what wees contrary to law, but for the purpose of securing a conviction. He wished to say again that .as those offences appeared to be commit- ted most openly, there was no necessity for the constables who went in-they wont in with their private clothes on to get the person wno was. being charg- ed to commit an offence. It would be quite sufficient to see what was going on. The witness Byrne said that be went in for the express purpose of making the bet, which formed the subject of that charge. The other witness, Nasmith, said that he had been there and taken tickets before. He had won money there and drawn prises, That was the man's own account of himself. He thought j that those who instructed the police should not put them in what be consider- i ed a mean and degrading position, and 1 the police had no right to degrade their j offices in that manner. It was contempt- j ible, in his opinion, and unnecessary. ¡ With regard to the question "Was there j i corroboration," be said that the neces- i I sity for corroboration was not a rule of j i low, but a rule of «ractíce, and it was a 1 good, sound rule. la the case of some of ' those informers outside the police, be would not attach the slightest import- ance to their evidence, and would not convict on their evidence. However, the witnesses in that case were respect» able people, and went to the defendant's place in the coarse of their duty. They were, however, accomplices at law, for the law made no distinction between the man who violated the law for a good pur- pose aaa the man wno did it for au evil purpose. Moralists might consider it, put at law there was no distinction. He thought, therefore, that the Magistrate was justified, and that all the questions should be answered in the affirmative. Mr. Wood applied that the appeal should be dismissed with costs. Mr. Moorhead objected. He said that costs were never given against the police, and that, therefore, they should not re- ceive them. The Chief Justice said that in that case costB would be granted, but if in future it appeared that the -police had been instructed to take unnecessary ac- tions for the purpose of securing con- victions, the Court would take it into consideration as a reason for refusing i costs. Mr. Moorhead : Will not the Court take it into consideration to-day P i The Chief Justice : No. We have only pointed out to-day for the first time ; that they may conduct these cases with- out participating in the crime. j 