By Mrs. Baer. CHAPTER Vf. A REACTION, “ She keeps so still that I feel bad about her,” said Landlord White to his wife the next morn ing after Amy had been imprisoned in the shed. “Ju-tgo and take a peep at her to see that she isn’t al together dead.” “ Oh, you big baby ! I believe you’re afraid that she is dead," an swered the woman. “Lotto please you I’ll peep in on her.” How bus}' Have was just then, cramming down his food as if he never expected to see another break fast, not daring to look up lest his face should betray him. “ Why. the door is unlocked, and the girl gone 1” said the woman, in surprise. “Clone?” cried Dave and the landlord in a breath, springing to their feet at the same time, and rushing to the shed. “Yes, she’s gone,” repeated Mrs. White, a look of bullied rage coming over her face, “ and some one helped her, too. Was it you !” she asked, turning sharply on the boy. “ Me ? -Mother White, who do you take me for ? After your warning last night, it is hardly likely that I would interfere again. Besides, you locked the door, and I hain’t no keys of yours, have 1 ?” “ Not that I know of,” she re plied, in a softer tone, completely deceived by his manner and look ol innocence. “1 guess that the spirits, which the people are talking so much about, helped her to get away,” lie said, after a few moments of anxi ous deliberation. “ Get out of this, you young ras cal, with your stories of hobgoblins and spirits. Who says there are ghosts in this bouse ?’’ asked the woman, every nerve in her body shaking with superstitious dread. A new idea tlushed into Dave’s brain. “ I say so. I see a ghost every night walking iu the long passage near your room, moaning and wringing her hands. I have istood and watched her, and I know lit is Amy’s mother, for she keeps talking about her child." i The boy did not stop to consider that ghosts are not usually invested ! with colloquial powers, at least not since the days of Hamlet, and bis listeners took no note of it. for they stood, with distended eyes, drink-! ing in every word, as the boy en- j larged on the appearance of the un- I earthly apparition, with the traili- j tional white gown lloating about her, j *' Aud if the girl should be dead —drowned herself, for instance— not a soul in this house ’ll be able to sleep for the moaning-’’ But Dave didn’t finish the sen tence, for his mistress made a plunge at him, which he dextrously avoided, and fled from the kitchen, taking refuge iu the stable, and gave ex pression to some of the boisterous mirth that was convulsing him with laughter. Two hours after the lad re-entered the inn, bearing iu His hand a soaked shoe, such as Am}’ had worn the evening belore, and held it up to the mistress. “It is hers, aud I found it swim min’ on the meadow spring. The water looked so black aud mad-like that I almost turned sick.” The conviction seemed to come on her by degrees that she had driven the girl to commit suicide, but when it settled itself into truth, every vestige of colour left her face, and she fled from the room. Upstairs her husband found her, and at once suggested that the spring be dragged for the body. “No, no,” she cried, in alarm. “Would you have me known as the one who drove her to it? Just you say a word about it, and I’ll make ‘ The Seven Stars ’ too warm to hold you.” “ But Dave will tell it if I don’t,’’ persisted the man. “Leave that to me,” she replied, “ If he breathes a whisper to any one, he’ll not get the chance to drown himself.” So it was arranged that the body should remain where it was for the time. Word was sent to Jones’ that Amy had run away from the hotel, aud totally indifferent to her fate, they made no inquiries about her. The days floated by, the days ran into weeks, a month had passed, and secure in the fearful silence that shrouded the terrible tragedy, the inmates of the tavern settled down to the old life. To be sure, the woman often started, guiltily, and turned white at every unwonted sound. How ever, this fear was growing less, and some of the old asperity was com ing back to her face, when, stand ing in the door-way one morning, she saw a sight that made her heart cease beating for a moment. At one glance she recognised the visitors, aud rushed up to her room as the couple drew their horses up at the door. Peeping through the blinds to find out if they had really stopped, sue saw the gentleman lift the girl from the saddle, and she exclaimed : “It is her! It is Edith .Mere dith V 