A HINDOO LIBEL. Here Ik a story rrom a book Just pub lished, culled "A Digit of the Moon.” It Is very simple and pretty, but is it true? “In the' beginning, when Twashtrl (the Hindoo Vulcan), came to the creation of woman, he found that he hod exhausted his material!! in the making of man, and that no solid elements were left. In this dilemma, after profound meditation, he (lid as follows:—He took the rotundity of the moon, and the curves of creepers, and the clinging of tendrils, and the tremb ling of grata?, and the slenderness of the reed, and the bloom of flowers, and the lightness of leaves, and glances of deer, and the Joyous gaiety of sunbeams,' and the weeping of clouds, and the fickleness of the winds, and the timidity of the hare, and (the vanity of the peacock, and the softness of the parrot's bosom, and the hardness of adamonte, and the sweetness of, honey, and tjie cruelty of the tiger, and the warm glow of fire, and the coldness of snoiv, and the chattering of Jays, and the coblng of’the cuckoo. . . and, [ compounding all these together, ho made i woman, and gave her to man.; pv: ' . “But. after ami Paid: 'Lonl, (hi.-? ctvatmv than hast given me makes my life miserable. She chatters ;mv--s:aritiy . . . ami takes ail my (inu’H up, mil cries about nothing. ami is always MK-; so l have come to give her bark again, as I t'.immt live with her.’ So Twasluri .... took her bark. Then, after another w- t-lc, man came again to him, ami said: ‘Lord, I llral that my Hi'.1 is very lonely since 1 gave you back that creature. 1 remoml.'er how site used to dance ami slag to me. ami look a! mo out of the corner of her eye, and play jvllli me. and cling to me.' ... So Twash trl gave lice back again. "Then, lifter only three days, man came and said:, 't-ord, I know not how it Is, but, nfter nil. I have come to the con clusion that she is more of a trouble than a pleasure to me; so please take her hack again,’ But Twashtl'l sakl.; 'Be off! You must manage how you can.’' Then man said, •( cannot live with her.’ And Twashtr! replied, ’Neither could you live without her.’ . . . Theh- man said: ‘Wliat is to !v done?—for 1 cannot live either with or without her.’ " Tim Leicester Guardians, who were ob durate l’or it time !r. their refusal to ap point a vaccination offloor In accordance with a mandamus granted nt the instance of tlie laical Government Board have now hauled down (heir pennant of defiance and eaten the leek of complete humilia tion. The order for a writ of attach ment against certain of them has, there fore, been withdrawn, and the L.O.B. reigns paramount, without further opposl ■ Many old English servants arc very [ proud of the fact that they, have never worked for any bui one master. At a "long service competition” It has come to light that h man 'employed by the Earl of Kimberley has been in his service—from ‘‘crow-frlghtcner’’ up to' "under-keeper''— for eighty-otic years. The old cliap. now eighty-nine, still potters about. Sirdar Wingate, Governor-General of the Soudan, had a daughter born to him the day after his victory over the Khalifa. The child was christened the other day, the Queen slnnding as godmother. It was called “Victoria Alexandria Catherine." Her Majesty forwarded a very h ndsome diamond pendant. This tact and thought fulness on the part of the Monarch never slumbers. i INVOCATIONS TO T1MK. A yonug lady, who is evidently suscep tible to climatic influence, writes the fol lowing'sonnet to Time:— O .Time! lm swift In (light, come o om- old! For we* ere east upon a desert isle On whirl) the blessed sun forgets to stulle. Uko ghostn wo wander, pallid and dismayed. Through chilling mlats that cover bill and glade. No flowers cheers tint no sweet birds hpgulln The leaden-footed hnurs; and all the while Rough billows thunder on the. trembling stake llut then, O Time, oanst lead us to a clime Where even night is lovely, and the day Glitters with beauty; where the fragtant rose Per very charm of life forgets to close; Where happy sougsters pipe 1'rotu many a A shilling summer-land! lie swift, O time! The present writer is Inclined to sympa thise with the poetess! The sunless, slop py misery of a London, winter' certainly makes one think of "a clime where even night is lovely.” But, at this moment, while all is dull and dreary,probably folks In Australia are suffering a night ther mometer Indoors of 90deg.. and one finds comfort in the though: that the other man Is suffering just as much, though in a different way. This apostrophe to Time recalls Shakespeare's "Devouring Time! Blunt thou the lion's claws!” This may well he the dally prayer of Dr Lcyils. The influenza scohrge is abating, but not before it has done some terrific execu tion among the best of England’s groat ones. Tin1' swiftness of the stroke is ap palling. In several cases I have missed men In the City for a day or two, and, on casual inquiry, have been astounded to near that they had been cut off. One of :hem was shockingly sudden, enough to rail forth the following:— • •Twas yestelday we smoked with him;' We swapped what uews we'd nod; la merry mood w*c joked will: him; And now' bo’s dead! We drank the Mountain Pew with hint, And momenta quickly sped; The hours were all too few with him— And now he's dead! farewell, old friend; peace to thy dust Within its lonely bed; A little while, and we, too, must Lie with thco—dead. Last week the mortality record was set down at 20S, as against 31G for the previ ous seven days. The epidemic seems to be travelling northwards. The City under takers say the Jews have escaped the fatal effects of this malady almost en tirely. The reason given by one of the chosen people is that their race being a very nervous one, the doctor Is called in, and the patient Is put to bed directly it makes its appearance. A man who was on tiro steamor which took Mr Kipling to the Cape writes some interesting notes about him. He says the great poet is here, there and every where. as busy and brisk as a schoolboy,' inquiring Into everything novel or dis tinctive on the steamer. Speaking alxrnt the soldiers at the war, he remarked that he hoped Tommy would be given some thing to drink. "Alcohol is prohibited," said his friend. "What rubbish!” ex claimed Kipling. "Give them some beer; they need it!" Mr John Holllngsliead, who was for IS years manager of the Gaiety Theatre, speaking at the Urbnn Club this week, gave a reason for Shakespeare's selection of the role of the Ghost In "Hamlet" for his own part on the stage. He affirmed that the immortal one was a practical man above all things, and therefore a man who looked after the takings. The part enabled'him to do this, as the rests between the necessary appearances are so long. Henry Jeffries, the Eton barber, has just died, agod SO. He was an old identity, well known to Etonians of several genera tions, and he was universally liked. Many a famous man has sat under him. and among them may be counted several now resident in South Australia. Everybody is doing what he cun indi vidually for the War Fund, and organisa tions of all kinds are taking it up also. This week the Princess Lyulse opened an Exhibition of Works of Art at the Guild hall,'which included two pictures pointed by Her Majesty the Queen, arid one by the late Prince Consort, and the Pt-in; ccss Louise contributed a watereolor drawing. All the pictures were presen ted by the artists in. uld of the Mansion House Relief Fund, arid the whole exhibi tion was got up in twelve days from the time the. idea was first mooted by Mr J. W. Waterhouse. Sir Edwqrd Poynter, R.A., in a speech nt the opening, ex pressed the hope that some part of the funds would go to relieve those connec ted with the colonists who are fighting in South Africa. That Australian favo rite, Mrs Brown Potter, recited "Ordered to the Front.” The questionable methods of certain journalists who "stand in” on the suc cessful flotation of companies came under notice this week In a case brought against the Editor of the "United Service Go-' zette, the Organ of Imperial Federation.” This gentleman's name is Emanuel—an Unfortunate cognomen fn his case. 1 He published a disparaging note upon a ccr tain under! akin;?, *'in:l thnn wrote to the* proprietors ol the concern otto fluff to place .bf»d,000 worth of their shaves—pre sumably for it mitllcicnt consideration. The U?rd Chief Justice made some se vere remarks on the "protllprate dishones ty or such nan, who brought the Press into contempt." The printers, publish ers*. and owners of the paper were mulct ed til damages of L2 each. The Salvation Army has Ivon lined 6d for keeping a common lodging houn? without a license. The matter—which has already l.von referred to — may therefore he considered settled, and no doubt the L.C.C* regulations will be obeyed. 