lyslerj of Cromfsrd Court, Oil, UVllDER RY SUGGESTION, COMPLETE IN THIS ISSUE. 31v LADY JOHNSON, Author of " A Chanco Delay," " Within a Year," &o.; . COXTfElQIIT. \ i"y vc- £ (oa J? -turn" from f XlTr— "USA! tho Conti- A/JC-y " .V"'?' I iiont, a few > N years ago, 4./!- 1 "7 I-. received ;i / .$£ a pressing / i n vitation f from my old friend, t. | Vera Lei- oester, to join their shooting parly on the 1st of September. During my absence abroad, and about nitio liiuuths before, Vera had married a man of wealth and position. I had,' never sccu him, but from the cnthuaiustiu way in wliich her letters spoke of his virtues of heart and mind 1 insensibly drew the couolu- -sioii fhat..worldly advantages had had less than usual to do with her settlement in life. Being in a state of ill-health and nervous depression, I felt strangely disinclined for the gaieties of a fashionable house-gather ing. Still, us eye- witness of my friend's- happiness, I. hoped to dispel a few of my own gloomy thoughts, ami in iter sympa thetic companionship regain something of my lost cheerfulness. So I bought some new frocks, had my trunlcs packed, and left Padding! on on tiie 30th of August for Crom- ' fol d Court, their place in Middleshirc. I seoiu-cd a corner in a first-class carriage, at tho other end of which tat two' ladies; and later. a gentleman, whom I had observed, to puss my window' several times, got in aud t o ok (he vacant seat opposite me. He was a fino man, tall, und of military '-appearance. With the thoughtless .criticism of absolute unoccupation I was deliberating on his claim to good looks when his eyes were suddenly turned upon me, and I ex perienced the curious sensation of being un able to withdraw my own. For a few seconds my regard was arrested ; then the consciousness of having been surprised in the midst of an inquisitive stare made me flush hotly, and with an effort I turned my head away. For some time I did not venture to look In his direction. When I did so it was to discover him calmly leading a newspaper, and I soon caught myself again narrowly observing him. Yes. Ho was certainly good-looking. Hair dark and wavy, noso tliin, with sharply-cut nostrils, mouth that his heavy, moustache prevented my seeing — and the chin was firm and masterful. How long my investigations lasted I know not, but I gradually became dimly .con scious of my curiosity being reciprocated. This time, unabashed, I continued my scrutiny, gazing intently into the strangely- atlractiro orbs, irresistibly held by a kind of spell I was powerless to break, and I re membered. 110 more. I was' awakened by the opening of the carriage door, and just in time to sec the tails of my opposite neighbour's coat dis appear. I was startled to find myself alone, the two ladies having departed during my sleep. I drew out my watch. It was more than two hours since we left town. Then I looked for my dressing-case. Yc3, it was there all right. I smiled at my fancies. Still it struck mo as odd and unusual that I should have slept so soundly. We changed trains at Rentham, and half an hour later, on descending at Fail-town, 1 was surprised to see my former travelling .companion on the platform. The Leicester.';' brougham was waiting, and as I prepared to step in he approached, ' liat in hand, inquiring if I were Mrs. Faulkner. I bowed. "Then will you let .mo introduce myself? My name is Grcsham. Mrs.. Leicester thought it probablo wo -might 'be travelling- by tho same tram." ... < >. ' Tho namo struolc mo as familiar. Where , liad I heard it. before.' no etucrod the brougham aftor me, and wo talked) during the short milo that, intervened between tlio station and the. Court. "You were dozing -so peueeiully whon I changed foi a smoking carnage at Aider- dale, ho volunteered, if I bad not. scon you at Rentham, I should have come to look " Itwas curious my. sleeping so soundly. I iiover remember doing so beforo, travelling in tho daytime." . . He looked surprised. ' . ' "Indeed. The shaking of the carriage, I jmppbso; and you looked, tirud." \\- " Why:. did you not: speak to mo then, as yon seemed to havo had no difficulty in recognising ine?" . ' . "Twits not quite certain until I saw you; get out at FairOown. : ' A young lady in alight mourning.' Those were the only de tails Mrs. Leicester gave me." We arrived ut the- house. ; It was just tea time; but Vera deputed her duties to her sister,.anu insisted upon carrying mo off to my room, where, after puttiiig Vue into a cool wrapper and on to tho sofa, she drew up a low' chair in front of the tiny tea-table, and ministered to niy wants, chattering in her bright way, the picture of happiness. / " I told Captain Gresliam to look out for you,", she said, " and gave him such a . description as would lead inevitably te his recognising you " ' . I was a little startled. "Ho went up to town on business yester day. ; I told him how nervous and imprac tical you wore, iu spite of all your jouniey- ings, and begged him to quietly keep an eye on you;" and she laughed merrily. , "Vera, it is not—surely, the Captain Grcsham you were -engaged to two years ego.?" . ' ' ' ' Yes !" and her cheek flushed ever so slightly. " But that was all over aud douB with long before I met George." "But — how curious ho should be here." "Not at. nil. My husband met "him at Homburg, where ho went to drink the waters a few weeks ago, and they . saw a good deal of each other:" ' ; - 'Something in iny-face made lier add has tily, " Havo no apprehensions,, you circum spect darling. We are good friends, but he is as Indifferent -to me now as I to hiui-i-or clso ho would hot bo here." " But Vera— surely you cared very much for each other at one time?" She hesitated. "Did we? We were young and foolish in thoso days." "And why did you not marry him?" I continued, with gentle persistence. "Well, you see, he had only his pay, aild I came to the conclusion that matrimony on those conditions was not good enough." " And he?" "Oh, he acquiesced, of course. What else could ho do?" "Then you jilted him?" " Hardly that. It was a ease ofuntoivard circumstances. We' discussed them, and came to an understanding — mutually." "You uover really loved him. Vera," I continued with conviction. "I am afraid not," balancing her teaspoon on the edge of her cup. "' All, Gertrude, I was so tired of poverty. To enter volun tarily auother state of it was beyond my moral strength." " Then your husband's wealth was the in ducement for you to marry him?" f spoko rather bitterly. Having made a love-match myself and outlived my happi ness iu ouu short year, T was intolerant of the so-called "marriage de eonvenance." " You are mistaken," she answered, stend- ily, . and now tho flush dcepcued in her cheeks. " That George is well off, I do not deny, is a source of considerable satisfaction to me. But. I love my husband, Gertrude, and what is more, I honour and respect him more than I can say. And when you kuow him, dear, you will doubt me no more." I felt T liad been over- hasty "Forgive, me, Vera: I am disposed to be horribly critical sometimes. I think the hot journey has disagreed with me." Aud I put my hand on hers, aud we fell to talking over tho events that hud taken place in both our lives since our last meeting four years, before. I dicl not see Mr. Leicester until dinner time. He was a tall, broad-shouldered man of forty-five ; not handsome, but with a face" of remarkable intelligence, and his extreme courtesy of manner and quiet friendliness assured mo of tho sincerity of my welcome. My delicate state of lieulth prevented my being moro than nil onlooker at the various gay Uuings that took placo duriug the fol lowing week. There was a ball one night, theatricals another, and impromptu dancing every evening on the xiolishetl oak floor of tho great square ball. With 'tho -exception of being taken it to dinner several tunes bv Ciinhun Oresliuin. I saw very little in Jinn. » < Tlio strmigo impression made upon mo from tho first bv the peculiarity of his gaze developed insensibly into a curious , fear, which all my efforts of will were powerloss t o conquer. Truth to suv; ho affeoted my company as little as I could wish. Although uufaihng in -the ordinary observances of polito society, lio nover evinced, any desire for my companionship, and- wo tacitly avoided each other as much as circumstances would allow. ' 1 i To Vera lie was deferentially ceremonious, courteously indifferent. Between him and Mr. Loiccster there appeared to exist a frank good-fellowship that I could liltlo .under stand between' two natures I instinctively felt . to uo the antipodes of each other. I had been there just a iveok, Syhcn that event took place, tlio consequences of which hdvo aifected-iny life ever, since. . " We had gono'l upstairs about half-past eleven one night, tlio men on our departure retiring to the billiard-room -for that cosy hour of smoky intercourse so dear to. tho masculine mind. It was lato usually wheu -.they, separated, so Vera said. . I liad been asleep some little time, When 1 was awakened by a curious feeling, startling in its horrible intensity, which made mo conclude that : .I' had heon disturbed by some bad dream, ; of which I bad only a confused 'recollection. An irresistible , longing to see my friend mado mo rise from my bed, and slipping on my dressing-gown, I opened the door softly and peeped out into the corridor. It was in darkuess, '. Evidently tho household had gono te rest. ' T was in a sleepy, half-dazed condition, and smiled to myseu at the im pulse which would have sent me wandoring over- tlio silent house in the dead of night. Then I roused myself, took the unusual precaution of turning the key in iny look, anil looked at my watch. It 'was half-past twelve. Tho men had doubtless come, up early to-night. Then I lay down again, fell asleep im mediately and dreamed; and this was my dream : . I thought I was walking down the long corridor, towards Vera's 'bedroom, ,.v wild impulse leading me oil. I trembled with eagerness to confront her, to hurl at her the ficrco invectives , that rose to my. lips, prompted by a strange malignant hatred at my heart. f loathed her soft, winsome beanty ; ab horred the pleasant friendliness with which she created me. To witness her deep and perfect happiness, when my own was irre vocably wrecked, goaded me past endurance. To watch tho outpouring of a love whirl) hud nindo my-own heart desolate reused me to fury. I would see her— charge iter with her falseness— lash her with the venom of my scorn and contempt — taunt her with her baso aud odious unfaithfulness. And in a moment of indescribable frenzy, I seized an Indian club, tbat lay on a cabinet on the top of the stairs. Then I went cautiously to her door, turned tho handle gently and entered. Tho small wax night-light shod a.soft radiance, by which I perceived Vera asleep. I approached the bed and leaned over her. Her pretty Ifcad was dropped forward in an attitude of deep slumber; her hair, tossed back, lay' in its bright luxuri ance on the pillow, and I marked the glitter of her wedding-ring on the white hand that lay outsido tho coverlet. .Anil then a frantic transport seized me, and ail the deadly hate tbat l had hidden so secretly, ail the scnse.nf injustice und wrong that had been pent up in me so. long, all tiie loalousy and biitor envy that had made of my life a hell for months burst forth, and I became mad ! Mad with viudictive passion —mad with tho delirious aud intoxicating joy of one who feels that his hour of revenge has come. And then I raised the club in my two hands, and with a mighty swing 1 whirled it round my head, and — awoke with a great my, to find myself rigid with horror, tho cold sweat standing in beads on my temples, and my heart bounding with the indesoribablo anguish' of a' deadly fear. There was no more sleep for me that night. I rose and paced the room for hours, fighting with tho awful dread that had so comp.clely taken possession of me. On one point alone my brain was clear; I: must- got away— away from the scene that might re call my ghastly visioii. When tho sun was up I .dressed, pondering the difficulties that lay in my path. I had the unenviablo re putation of being whimsically uncertain in my movements, and generally erratic, but even that might fail to reconcile Vera to my immediate departure. Of my awful dream I determined to breatho no word. What I . apprehended I knew not, but a shuddering terror of re maining lunger under that roof had so com pletely mastered me, that I felt my reason would be imperilled if 1 stayed. When my maid brought in my early cup of tea. 1 gave her orders to pack, and feeling too ill to descend I sent a pencilled . line to Mrs. Leicester, asking for a few minutes' conversation later. She came immediately aftor breakfast and in a few words I told lior of my intentions. I pleaded a sudden " crise de nerfs," and my deathly pallor and extreme prostration gave a semblance of truth to the trite statement. I explained elaborately tho imperative or ders of my iiliysiciau, and the necessity of absojiitb sofiludqutid isolation at such times. At first she was incredulous, then impatient at-wliut she' was pleased to call iny "crot chety fttds," but gradually soeing tho tears in my eyes aud my air of utter weariness, her sweet nature asserted itself and she con sented to niy departure on tho condition that I should return and finish my visit later, when slio and her husband were alone. So I went back to town, took lodgings at Not- ting I-Iill, and lived a quiet, humdrum Jife for several weeks. The effect of my strange dream wim gradu ally wearing 'off,, mid my shattered nerves wero beginning to regain their never-too- great composure, when one day, looking over tho morning paper, I was attracted by tlio heading of a paragraph, " Shocking tragedy iu Middleshire," and read as fol lows: "A sad and altogether inexplicable tragedy took place early ou Wednesday at Cromford Court, tlio residence of George Leicester, Esq Oil entering his bedroom,' about 1-30 a.m., Mr. Leieester'wns horrified to discover his wife's dead body (tho head of which was shockingly mutilated), oil Iho boil Tho unfortunate lady had retired some two hours before, and must have been asleep when tho murderous onslaught was commit ted. An Indian club, ' covered with fresh bloodstains, was found on a cabinet iu the corridor, at a little distance from the bed room door. From the vioienco of ihc blow, it would seem thut. death liad been, instan taneous. Medical uid was at once sum moned,: but Doctor Frith of Fairtiiwn, who was quickly in attendance, stated Hint life had .been oxtinct more .lean ' an hour. No due bus been discovered as to tho perpc-, trutor' of the dastardly crime. Active iu-. relitigations uro proceeding." I stared, stunnod ; with horror, at the fatal lines. Sly eyes' seemed riveted on t hem. Ovc and over iiguin I read them. ih n dazed unconscious way, sometimes repeating them aloud as one who eons u lesson:' And by slow degrees, through the dimness of my paralyzed understanding, the details forced t hemSPivc'K one by one (into my brain; The time, place,, circumstances, oven tho instru ment of deatli wore identically the same sis I hod pictured' -in' iny 'dream'. And then my brain bogau -to reel, a sudden blindness seized me, and with a piercing cry I fell prono to. the . floor in tho Goa-givcir res pite of insensibility. To give anyone healthy in mind and body itn idea of tho mental anguish f suffered dur-. ing tho next twelve months is entirely out of my power. Close and unremitting in vestigation had foiled to elucidate' tho mys tery, of Vera's death. . ;A11 the vigilance of skilled deteotives had proved unequal ito the disoovory of tho murderer.- , „ I' was torn , asunder by doubt un certainty. Sometimes an! irresistible im pulse to relate my dream to l Mr. Leicester assailed mo with such force, > that I could hardly restrain from seeking him out' for that purpose. At other-times 1 wouid-ask myself what end it would servoV Tbo start ling coincidence might add to his distress, but could aid in no way in bringing the criminal to. justicn. . The bitter reflection, suggesting to me thq possibility of niy con- llduncn oil tills subject, havlnc acted as a. warning, liad I communicated it m Vera, was over present with me. I hud refrained from doing so. frani a shrinking distusto to speak of it, and- tho latent fear that any relation of my night's experience might he met by jesting incredulity, und mole decided opposition to. iny departure. -. Thus brooding, my mind fluctuating be tween u sunso of. dutv and expediency, I lived in continual self-torment. I was worn , to iv shadow, und finally broko- down so; completely as to necessitate putting mvscU under' - skilled ineuieai care. T uo worlu-w;uo reputation of Frofcssor — — had reached me: I determined . to seek his advice, and-, to travel by easy stages to. Vienna for that Xiurposc. . . My first interview was n little disappoint ing.. . He listened to my symptoms, treateiV iny 'case with apparent unconcern, and sent mo bnck to my hotel, to rest arid .get, ovo'1 tlio fatigue of the journey. Onimy next visit ho was more detailed,' and made .his inquiries iii a business-like way, that, in tori minutes' laid .'the history, of iny life before him without reservation. The professor was old enough to have- been my father. Ho had u kindly manner, and tlio syiripathetic tact . that' invites con fidence. It was an inexpressible, relief to fool that at last' someone shaved with mo the secret'I had not hitherto revealed to a living soul. He looked at brio curiously as I told my story, .-putting odd questions now and then us to particulars, that struck mo as being wide of -tho mark, but whcii I had finished ho said, " My dear lady, you are suffering from extreme nervous excitement 'and. brain fatigue, . I could suggest a remedy —hypnotism!" \- I was startled. Hypnotism ! To my ig norant mind it was closely connected with superiiatu'ralisiu. Vague ideas of being sub-' jce't to an -influence from which I cpuiil never more escape floated through my- brain. Cosually- lieai'd-of casos of tho unscrupulous exercise of .such an influence came into my mind. He noted iny hesitation. . "You arii apprehensive," ho remarked, smiling.' " The suggestion startles you." " Yc-cb," T replied. " I hail never thought of it. But " . Ho interrupted me,, talcing -off his spec tacles, and looking across with kindly sorious eyes. "My child, you are young, - arid -.God' and I alone know what you have gono "through. My work in file is Vo relieve suffer ing. I can alleviate yours. Will you let me try?" . I burst into tears. Aqd when I left liim, soothed and consolod by his hopeful words, it was with tlio understanding that I should begin at once the treatment from whieh he anticipated such good results. , q Soma weeks olapsed. A certain portion of -each day I spent under the hypnotic in fluence of the Professor, and woke from my trance in n delicious state of quiet cahn I had not known for years. , The experiment was successful beyond my farthest hopes. Sleeplessness— one of the most obstinate features of my case— had passed away, and my nights were spent in natural shunber, instead of in the wcaiy tossings consequent on the activity of a wakeful brain. . My nerves were calmed. I had put on flesh and regained something of my former good spirits.. Life seemed less sombre, and I be gan to take an interest iu many of my old pursuits. My gratitude to the Professor was bound less. It was to him I owed lpy recovered strength, my repose of mind and body. At- his .advice I was leaving for a time.to take a course of waters at Murienbad. I had gono to say " good- bye" to -him. When I was admitted lie was pacing the room, seeming ly disturbed. I sat down, and after a few turns ho stopped in front of mo. "There is- something' I want to say to you," lio began, " and I have been debating as to whether it would not be better left unsaid." 'I -was silent, a trifle perplexed. "I tiiiuk.you arc strong enough to bear it, and yet"— ho hesitated — " if it affects you harmfully after all we have accom plished— "and lie paused meditatively. My interest was fully aroused. "I am strong enough to bear anything, except"— smiling — " unsatisfied curiosity." He took a 'chair opposite me, and felt my pulse. » " Calm and' strong. Very well. Now turn your thoughts back for a moment. Do you remember, in answer to certain questions of mine, telling mo of a vi or in Mr. Leices ter's house— one to whom your friend had been formerly engaged, ancl to whom you had taken an unaccountable aversion?" . " Perfectly. It was Captain Grcsham." "And I think you said you liad travelled there with him?" " Yes, from London. " Can you recall any incidents, of the jour ney?" I reflected. He continued : " Were there any other occupants of the railway car riage?" " Yes Two ladies— at least for a part of the way. Wo all got in at Paddington. They got out' somewhere, while I was asleep." His eyebrows lifted just a trifle. "Do you often sleep in the train ?" "No. But I did that day. ...I slept two hours." "Was Captain Greshum seated opposite to. you?" "Yes." He was silent for a moment — then, "Now, reflect before you answer me.;' have you any reason to suspect 'that Captain Gresliam hypnotised you?" " I started visibly. It all flashed back on my memory— tho peculiarly attractive oyes — the extraordinary sensation of powerless- ness — and then my long deep slumber. I related it in detail. " That clears things considerably," con tinued tho Professor. " I knew you had been under his influence somewhere." uuuer ins innuence; r urieu. j,ul how — where?" He hesitated as if to choose liis words. " It is a 'sad story, dear young lady, and ono I should never have confided to you had I not felt that it must rest with you whothur this man be brought, to justice or not." "For what? I do not understand you." " For— murder!" I roso. in great exeitoinent. "Murder I Do you mean that it was— ho — who killed my friend?" "Not nctively.'but by suggestion." And ho quietly put me back in my chair. 1 was speechless. . "Now listen. It is a well-known fact that under certain conditions the operator call suggost to his subject, in hypnotic sleep, acts and thoughts which on awaking tliu subject proceeds to carry out. And — now marl: what I say— although tbe hypnotised person limy, on awaking, commit acts, even crimes ' that were suggested to him in his sleep, lie will have no recollection of tho suggestion having been made to. him ; and . the only way lo discover that such baneful ii'iflucuco has been at work is to re-hyp notise. the subject by another operator, when, by 'euroful pucstioniiig, all tho former auggestions limy bo elicited." My wide-open eyes gazed ut him with tho intensity of ono wliu is straining cvory faculty to comprehend an insoluble mystery. Ho proceeded. ." From sundry words un consciously uttered by you in sleep, coupled with the information I already possessed, T hud.no husitutioh in essaying this experi ment — with tho result that" every detail sug-. gcstacl to you under tho hypnotic influence of that -cruel monster, for thn cold-blooded murder of yiiur friend, "was revealed to mo. Nothing remained but to discover the 'time nnd placo of his acquiring that power over you." : For some time I- failed to grasp' tho sense of liis Words. He explained it again slowly and patiently,- and by dogrees tlio enormity of- tho-rlsk'to which' I liad been oxposod became clear to my bewildered brain. Even tljen.it was with difficulty I could be per suaded of tho certainty of my own guilt- ic'ssness. - I wus frozen with horror. I leaned for ward eagerly; with lips that, almost refused their office. .v ' " : Is' it , true—quite , true-jvhat— you— tell me?" . ' "I 'ewcar it..':- Calm' yourself, iny dear young lady. -You had no: hand in that aw ful crime." .. . . , : 1 ' ; " But iny dream VI I whispered, . fearfully, j "Thank God it wus or.'y a dream:" ' Uv . some inexplicable1 agency, his-'vilo project miscarried. 'Your brain alone car-, nod out, ill sleep the- deed ho suggested -to you to commit in reality.". :,Bul— who— who— ?" I; could "got no: further. c Tio repealed., mv question. \- ' Who All, that is just what one must find out., In your case lie -was unsuccessful. Thoru must have been another." "Another!" I echoed. " Certainly. Ho was evidently no. novice. An expert: hypnotist would easily select a subject.. A passing flirtation — the solitude of u tete-a-tete — would give him tho oppor tunity. I should say it would voiy likely ho Bome lady staying in the house.'' I i shuddered. - When a man arrives at suoli a pitch, he has no compunction. He will employ any tool that comes. to his hand." My brain was gradually clearing. "But that poor creature— whoever it was —must be conscious of her guilt." "That is.tlio strange part of it. It is.u .most extraordinary ease, but I am inclined, to the opinion that the peraon who com mitted thut murder rose from her bed and did it in her sleep." j "And has no remembrance of it?" I crajmnd - ' ' . . . " None whatever." \- I felt siok and . faint , with mingled emotions. He Went en "Although; totully ignorant of the in fluence inciting iter, no woman, unhardened and unskilled , in crime, could consciously commit murder with indifference. Besides, I have a great respect for your English police. Had any of the guests in that lioiiso — consciously, ! repeat— dono that fearful deed, I havo no hesitation in saying that concealment of his or her guilt would have been iriipossible." - . After a pause he continued. " Listen to tiie facts of the case, as I gathered them from you. No oiie left the house, no ono was found to have "entered it. Not tiie shadow of a suspicion rested upon any of the servants, and all the gentlemen , were down stairs at tho time of tho murder. The poor lady had not an enemy in the world, save that mini, and that enmity whs guesseel by no one, but yourself. Now what more likely than that this man should have chosen a subject to cxeuuto his brutal de signs — have by suggestion .indicated the time, circumstances, and even the instru ment of death, and also that his victim should do it— in her sleep?" By the light of events and iny own ex perience I could see tho plausibility of his reasoning. ...... " And now," lie concluded, " it is iu your hand's lo denonneo the murderer," ' I started up with » loud erv. . " Never! Never will I bring remorse and guilt home to the poor soul, who before God is guiltless." 'And the ends of justice?" lie inquired quietly. " Justice !" I felt the blood surge up into my face, and my eyes were blazing. " The real murdorer is that vile man! I might, but for tlio merciful intervention of Provi dence, have had my bands stained with the blood of my friend And should I be the one to wreck the lifo of another woman as iu nocent as myself, in order that he may got his deserts?" Tho Professor was. seated and had covered liis faeo with his hands. 1 went on my knees beside him. "Oh, my friend," I wailed, " you whose lifo "is spent in tho service of your feilowr creatures, you who liad such sympathy for the siok dud the sorrowful, you who know the workings of the human heart and mind, as it is given to few to know, you could not urgo me tn. bring upon a morally guilt less woman the life of hideous remorse and misery that I thyself have, so narrowly escaped?". . Then lie uncovered his face, and took my clasped hands-in his own. . "It was for- you to decide, iny child. I think you huvo chosen iho right course. Let us leave .it to One, of whom it is said, 'Vengeance is .mine.'" I did not go to Marienbail after all. For weeks I was prostrate from nervous exhaus tion, consequent oil the shock produced by the Professor's disclosures. Ami when once more, by his help and encouragement, I took up tho burden of my life, it was with the consciousness, of carrying to uiy own grave, the weighty secret which, had he not shared it, must have bowed me to the ground. Two years later I was in Paris. Acci dentally meeting an American friend ono day we went to lunch together at Bignon's. Wo were seated and discussing the menu, when a gentleman walked in, -t.ook the table next us, and sat down opposite to mo. I raised my eyes as 1 passed the winecard to my companion, and met thoso of Captain Grcsham. Hu was changed almost past recognition. His hair was white, liis. fea tures drawn and haggard. It was the face of a' limn .weighed down by a deadly fear But the eyes were tho same — soft, dark and luminous, with' the sombre light in them I remembered so well. For a moment we looked at each other, then lie rose, und tailing his hat, pussed out quickly into tho street. My friend had been a spectator. " What a strango man !" she exclaimed. " He has the faeo of a criminal. Aud you — my dear, why, you look as if you had seen a ghost." Ana to this day that mail, whose lifo I hold within my hand, walks God's earth free. And Vera Leicester's death remains a mystery. 