THE CONINGHAM DIVORCE CASE. ADDRESSES AND SUMMING UP. JUEY DISAGREE. Sydney, December 13. The Coningham divorce case was re- sumed to-day, before Mr. Justice Simp- son. Mr. Want continued his address at length to-day. He spoke for three hours and a half. He said it bad been shown that one could not trust one word of these people. The jury must remember what Dr. O'Haran had at stake if he was guilty of this most abominable charge. Occupying the position hs did, he should be flogged to death with scorpions. No grave was bad enough for such a man to hil, and no punishment would be toe great. But if he were innocent, was there a man in the country more worthy of their admiration and respect? He was innocent, so let him, with esteem and honour, go back among his own co- religionists, and be able to hold up his head before the whole world, saying: "I have gone before a jury of my fellow countrymen, and been proved innocent upon my oath and before my God." The petitioner, in his address, said he had heard the long discourse of Mr. Want, and regretted that his. efforts should have been misused on behalf of such a creature, by whom he was paid, to try to prove that black was white. Was it likely that Dr. O'Haran would admit his guilt P What should be the punish- ment of a man whose duty it was to direct those erring in the paths of virtue, if the charges were proved P Judge, he said, of the demeanour of Dr. O'Haran under cross-examination. He pointed cut the discrepancies in the evi- dence of some of the witnesses for the co- respondent.. If there had been a word of blackmail in his letters, the other side would have proved it. There was not a breath of suspicion against the respon- dent since her marriage, except this mis- conduct. He had fought the case, penni- less, against the ablest counsel on the other 6ide, surrounded by myrmidons, to do their bidding. Turning round sud- denly to the co-respondent, the peti- tioner said : "How dare you look me in the face P You know what you have done to my life." , The Judge spoke to the petitioner, who apolbgised. Continuing, the petitioner said £60,000 would not have squared him. The other 6ide had never thought that the respondent would come into I court. After the luncheon adjournment the petitioner resumed his address. He spoke for nearly three hours, in the course of which he asked the jury to dis- regard the suggestions of collusion, be- cause there was no evidence to prove it. He dwelt on the discrepancies in the evidence for the co-respondent, and as- serted that Mrs. Coningham had told ber story straightforwardly. Mr. Want had asked for a clean cut issue, and that was all he wanted. His Honour, in summing up, readjthe issues which the jury had to try. The first issue was whether- the parties were married on March ll j 1893, about which there was no contest, so the jury might find in favour of the petitioner on that j issue. The second issue was whether the ' defendant had committed adultery with the co-respondent. As he had told them during the progress of the case, it mignt appear strange to them, but it was quite open to a Judge sitting by himself or a jury to believe under certain* circum- stances, and according to one evidence I in any particular ease, that" the respon- dent committed adultery with the co-re ! spondent, althougü they might find uie co-respondent did not commit adultery with the respondent. There was no question about such a verdict, for the simple reason that there niieht be evi- dence in the case against the respondent, but no evidence whatever against the co- respondent. An admission that she com- mitted adultery if proved against her to the satisfaction of the jury was evidence against her, and the judges.and juries might find a verdict upon these admis- sions, but the admissions of the respon- dent outside .the court, while they were evidence against her, were no evidence, whatever against co-respondent. That was both law and justice. If the respondent had not been called as a witness there would not have been a tittle cf evidence against Dr. O'Haran, because her admissions outside the court were no evidence whatever against the co-respondent here. Never since he had been performing the duties of a Judge in a divorce Court had he met with any cass in which the respondent was called as a witness and had admitted her own adultery, and had proved adul I tery with the co-respondent. He was not aware of any case where such a thing had arisen. Dr. O'Haran had given photos to other ladies, and there was no suggestion of impropriety in their cases. They had to find on the issues "Tes" or "No." There was no such thing as "Not proven." They must consider the prin- ciples of the law that the case for the petitioner must be made out to the satisfaction.of the jury, without reason- able doubt. The petitioner's story was clear and distinct. There was the some- what parallel case of Ciocci v. Ciocci. In that case the wife sought a judicial separation, from her husband, and it had been stated in support of the charge cf misconduct« made against him-that he had been seen talking to a woman of bad character. The husband set up the defence that he was a member of a Pri- son Aid Societyand had spoken to the woman in question in the course of his duty. ~ In that case the Judge said the ?presumption in favour of innocence should be acted upon, -if there was rea- sonable doubt without ocular proof. It was impossible to be absolutely certain in cases of this kind, but the jaw ,re auired that they should be satisfied in their own minds. This was not a case in which they could find ä ver- gebet- of misconduct- against Mrs. Con- ingham and not against Dr. O'Haran. That would be almost as serious a thing for ¿ko c/v-respondent as a verdict against him. Mr. Moss's action in the case was a serious steo to take. It might have a serious effect upon the minds of the jury. He found no fault with Mr. Moss, and only referred to it because one witness stated he saw Con- ingham going there. What Mr. Want said was also perfectly true. No power could compel Mrs. Coningham to give evidence of her misconduct. There was uo attempt on her part to take advan- tage of her privileges. She came as a voluntary witness. She had a consulta- tion with a barrister having a large practice at Court, and she had not seen fit to be represented at the trial. There had in this ease been no defence on the ground of condonaron. That had no- thing to do with the question of mis- conduct. In fact, there must be an offence before it could be condoned. Condonation did not obliterate the offence, but in law it had a serious bear- ing on the case. If Mrs. Coningham had set up and proved condonation, even if the issue had been proved against the co-respondent, the petitioner could not have got a penny damages, and he (his Honour) would have had to dismiss the petition as against Dr. O'Haran. The only way in which condonation came in was as to how it affected tho question, whether these two people were working together. If they believed Mrs. Con- ingham, they must find a verdict in fa- vour of the petitioner, no matter how it affected Dr. O'Haran. The consequen- ces were almost as serious as if the co- respondent were on trial for his life. Charges of blackmailing had often been made, but that was no reason why in this case the woman's story was not true. The jury had nothing to do with those ether cases. He was sorry the doctrine of absolution had been brought into the case. He always thought it was a doctrine of the Church I of Rome, and, indeed, of the Christian j religion, that if a sin were forgiven, then it was wiped out. One of the priest* did 6ay that absolution was : "I absolve thee from thy sins in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." There was some difference, as he understood it, between the explanations given by Father Cree gan and Dr. O'Haran. Ii the jury be- lieved the evidence of Mrs. Atook. Mis. Johnson, Miss Hollingdale, and Father Byrne, th?n the ttory related by Mrs. Coningham as to the occurrences of Jvne 29 cou!di not be true. The petitioner said these people had put their heads to- gether to get their priest out of it. The evidence of Father Byrne was clear and very important. His Honour then dealt generally with the case, and said the dates 17th ol March and 29th of June had an important bearing on the truth or otherwise of the respondent's evi- dence. She had wot been asked to cor - rect her evidence cn these points, but maintained that her story was true. He did not think the fact of the respondent having had a misfortune in early life affected her credibility. Svdney, December 14. Mr. Justice Simpson, in summing up, spoke altogether for five hours and a quarter; He referred to the evidence of the witness Taylor, who stated that Mis. Coningham visited' St. Mary's Cathedral during the case, while court officials show- ed that she was in court at the time. Continuing, his Honour said : -"Re- member that your duty is to return a verdict according to the evidence, re- gardless of the consequences. Don't think I am overstepping my duty when I ask you to be very careful in dealing with the suggestion that every Roman Catholic can swear a lie, commit per- jury, or commit any sin, and then go into the box and conscientiously swear 'I never did it at all.' There is no evi dnce to justify it. The evidence is all the other way; whatever people may say and people will say things about the Church of Rome, just as the Church of Rome will say things about the Church of England. Things are said which are regretted by everybedv. A most un- happy state of thin<rs arose at the open- ing of this Cathedral which might have been made the occasion of healing up any wounds that had been opened, but advantage was taken to make a gross at- tack on other Churches. These con- siderations should not enter into the jury box. Be careful not to allow your- selves to be influenced' by any such sug- gestions. All must be very careful in dealing with a question of this kind, at a time when, in consequence of these un- happy things, it may be the feelings of the people may be very much incensed j against the Roman Catholic Church bv reason of the action of one man at St. Mary's Cathedral." j The jury then retired to consider their verdict. At a quarter to ll o'clock the jury, bj consent of the parties to the suit, were called into court. In reply to Mr. Jus- tice Simpson, the foreman stated that they, had been unable to come to any de- cision, except on the issue as to the mar- riage of the petitioner and the respon- dent. Mr. Justice Simpson : You have not agreed even by a majority of 9 to 3? The Foreman: No, your Honour. Mr. Justice Simpson: Do you thinK Îrou could agree ir you deliberated a ittle longer. The Foreman : I do not think so. x may say there is no possibility of our I agreeing even by a three-fourths ma- jority. - * Mr. Justice Simpson : Of course, I do not wish in the slightest degree to bring any pressure'to bear upon you, but a.. think it a matter for regret you are not j able to agree even by a majority. The foreman of the jury again stated that there was not the slightest possibi- lity of the jury agreeing. . The petitioner and Mr. "Want thea, in reply to Mr. Justice Simpson, said they would agree, in consideration of the face that the jury had been deliberating for 14 hours, that they be discharged. Mr.--Justice "Simpson then dischargea thc jury» &nd; in a few moments the parties m the case and their friends, aa ( well as the jury, left the court quietly. : There were about two thousand people in the vicinity of the. court, and judging by, their demeanour, the verdict watujuss what had been expected, for there was no demonstration one way or the other. In a few minutes the place presented a comparatively deserted appearance. 