MR. BATTYE AND THE WAR. To THE Eurron. Sm,--Having ascertained thatit will be inconvenient forMr. Battye to reply in your columns, at present, to the remarks made on his recent lecture before the A.N.A. by "3. Desmond," I propose, with your per mission, to examine a few points contained in the letter in question which are of interest to the community. We are in formed that Mr. Desmond "is now quite convincedthatEngland hadno justification whatsoever in bringing on the war;" but we are not enlightened as to such facts as may have satisfied the enquiring mind of Mr. Desmond in arriving at a con clusion so striking. It is just there that the latter is wanting in what is most essential to the general public. There is a partial quotation from one of the para graphs in Mr. Battye's lecture, which has been apparently torn from its context; because that mode of treatment suited the purpose of the writer of the criticism; but it does not appear that the mangled quotation will bear the weight which Mr. Desmond has sought to rear upon it. The paragraph,so far as it is quoted in the letter, runs thus: "All persons entering a foreign country must submit to the law of that country. Provided that the laws are fairly administered, they cannot, as a rule, complain of the effects upon themselves; it is only when those laws are not fairly administered that the State to which the individual belongs has the right to inter vene on his behalf." What Mr. Des mond does not see is the simple circum stance that the Transvaal is not a foreign country to a State which is its Suzerain. Mr. Battye was perfectly justified in his statement, that "the required elements" for intervention were present in the Transvaal, seeing that there was unfair and inequitable administration which directly antagonised the conditions under which the Suzerain Power conceded to the Boers the limited sovereignty of which they were possessed after the Convention of Pretoria. There is no parity between the case of Costa Rica and that of the Transvaal. The Suzerainty constitutes an essential difference, and no arbitration could be permitted between the Suzerain Power and the subject State. The corrup tion of Transvaal Courts is one of the certainties about which no well-read man needs to be instructed. Mr. Desmond would do well to read Knox Little's book on South Africa if he really desires to ascertainthe conditions whichimmediately preceded the outbreak of the war. It is the custom with some few of those by whom pro-Boer views are championed to assert that the annexation of the Trans vaal was a matterpre-arranged by a nation greedy for gains of territory; but a widely different state of affairs is presented by the facts of history When Sir Theo. Shep stone arrived in the Transvaal he was welcomed by all classes, and there was no foregone conclusion indicated by his de liberate action before the annexation was resolved upon.. The Transvaal was so utterly bankrupt that there was no chance to contract a loan, and the taxes due and payable from the Boers could not be collected. The native races were impatient to commence hostilities and were tolerably certain to wipe out the Boers completely unless some power inter vened for their rescue. Britain had been drawn to the consideration of the crisis by the combined facts of the helpless con dition of the Boers and their absolute poverty. Sir T. Shepstone' was in daily contact with the Boer leaders, and, as sisted by them at the last, he formulated the proclamation which annexed the Trans vaal with the full consent and approval of Kruger, Joubert, and others. It is true that there was a protest shaped by the leaders aforementioned, but the document was ushered in with an explanation "that it was only intended to satisfy a few violent extremists." The oficial class in the Transvaal had a very solid reason for ex pediting the movement of annexation; for their salaries were in arrear, and there was no prospect of "the ghost walking," until the British treasury could be made available for Transvaal needs. In this connection it is a matter of interest to note that "slim" Mr. Kruger was not merely in receipt of British pay but that he applied for, and procured, a substantial increase of his unpaid honorarium, which continued until after the Convention of Pretoria. It is then tolerably evident that the Transvaal was the obliged party when the annexation was efected. The funds made available from London enabled the Government of the Transvaal to be carried on; and when war with the native races became a sad necessity the Boers handled their distaffs, while British soldiers fought and won. the battles from which the Boers wisely shrank. The ob jects of the Boers of late years have too evidently appeared to be to secure pos session of native labour for their farms; and white assistance to keep their treasury in funds as the idiosynarasy of the degenerate Dutch has long pointed towards exemption from work and relief from the necessity to pay taxes. The main fault of great Britain in recent action in South Africa has been too great leniency towards the essentially little government which she had trusted to deal justly with all white men who were willing to cast in their lot with President Kruger and his colleagues. When Kruger wonld not give fair play to either whites or blacks there ought to have been at one. an imperative demand that justice should be done, or there ought to have been war instanter as the alternative when the Jameson Raid occurred, or before.-Yours, etc, C. E. JONES. Perth, April 24. 