THE WAR. SIR REDVERS BULLER. RETIREMENT ACROSS THE TUGELA. SEVERE BOER BOMBARDMENT. LORD ROBERTS AT MODDER RIVER. AUSTRALIAN WAR CORRESPONDENTS MISSING. LONDON, Feb. 10. A report was received to-day through Boer sources to the effect that such a strong artillery attack had been brought to bear upon the British forces that Sir Redvers Buller had been obliged to again withdraw his troops to the southern bank of the Tugela River, thus abandoning all the positions he gained after he had crossed. Little credence was at first attached to the report, especially as the War Office was without news from Sir Redvers Buller, and also in view of a statement made in Parlia- ment last night by Mr. Arthur James Bal- four, First Lord of the Treasury and leader of the House of Commons. Mr. Balfour stated that Sir Redvers Buller was not for the moment pushing on his advance from the positions that he had secured on Wednesday last on the northern bank of the Tugela River, and added that the Government did not press Sir Redvers Buller for information whilst operations were in progress. The leading London newspapers also dis- credited the Boer reports. The "Daily News" war correspondent had stated that after Sir Redvers Buller had secured a footing at Molen Drift pon- toons were sent to the foot of Krantz Kop in order to obtain a shorter cut ; and the "Daily News" came to the conclusion that the Boers on the Doornkloof heights had been misled, through the con- formation of the ground, by the movement referred to in its war correspondent's letter, and had construed the movement of a portion of Sir Redvers Buller's troops in the direction of Krantz Kop into a with- drawal of his entire force. The "Daily Telegraph" also took the view that the Boer report would prove to be incorrect. THE REPORT CONFIRMED. Later in the day, however all doubt was set at rest by the publication by the War Office of an official communication from Sir Redvers Buller, stating that the force under his command had been retired to the southern side of the Tugela River. The news of the retirement is particularly disappointing on account of the satisfactory nature of the previous intelligence from the front. The Boers had, it was stated, expected that it was Sir Redvers Buller's intention to force a crossing of the Tugela River at Shiet's Drift. Many thousands of Boer troops were therefore massed at Doorn- kloof to resist the supposed advance, 100 wounded being aIso placed in safety at this point. A few hundreds of the enemy were also stationed at Vaalkrantz. During Monday's fighting the 78th bat- tery of artillery came under heavy fire from the Boer guns on Spion Kop. It was for some time in peril, but through the cool- ness shown by Captain J. F. N. Birch, who had previously been wounded, the battery was safely withdrawn. BOERS IN GREAT STRENGTH. VAALKRANTZ UNTENABLE. RETIREMENT BEGUN ON WEDNESDAY. REPORTED SORTIE FROM LADYSMITH. LONDON, Feb. 10. Further light is thrown upon the retire- ment across the Tugela River of Sir Red- vers Buller's troops by later particulars re- ceived from Natal. The Boers are reported to have been in great strength along the Brakfontein ridge, where a number of guns were masked to such advantage that it was well nigh impos- sible to discover their whereabouts. De- spite the great gallantry displayed by the Durban Light Infantry in storming the Boer positions on Vaalkrantz, it was found impossible to retain possession of the kopje, owing to the incessant fire brought to bear upon it from the Boer guns posted on the Brakfontein ridge. The enemy's big gun "Long Tom" was well served, several shells falling on the trans- port train, in the rear of the main body, while others reached Zwaart's Kop, on the south of the river. The British infantry suffered severely in their trenches from the fire of the Boer Maxim-Nordenfeldts, and also from the cross-fire of the Creuzot guns, and a 100- pounder, posted on Doornkloof. The retirement of the British troops commenced on Wednesday night, and was carried out without the occurrence of any notable incidents. The casualties during the withdrawal of the troops were not serious, consisting chiefly of slight wounds. The Boers report that heavy firing was heard on Wednesday night from the direc- tion of Ladysmith, and that Sir George White, on the same evening, attempted a sortie from Ladysmith towards the Free State laagers. ON THE MODDER. MACDONALD'S RETIREMENT. REINFORCEMENTS TOO LATE. INTENDED OBJECT ACHIEVED. THE BOERS DISPERSED. LONDON, Feb. 10. Although Major-General MacDonald abandoned Koodoesberg and retired upon the Modder River, an official despatch re- ceived from Lord Roberts states that the object of his advance has been fully achieved. The Boers expected that they would be able to cross the Koodoesberg Drift, and consequently be in a position to cut Lord Methuen's line of communication. By his vigorous action at Koodoesberg Major- General MacDonald succeeded in dispersing the Boers and also in covering the advance of Colonel Broadwood's column, which was composed of troops of all arms, and which was operating in the direction of Sunny- side. Further details of the fighting at Koo- doesberg show that the Highland Brigade encountered a strong force of the enemy westward of the hill, and that a serious struggle resulted. During the night the Boers abandoned their trenches, and the British would have been able to entirely surround the enemy had the strong cavalry and artillery reinforcements arrived which had been despatched from Modder River to General MacDonald's assistance under the command of Major-General G. M. Babing- ton. Their absence at the moment was in- explicable, and Lord Methuen ordered Major-General MacDonald to retire upon Modder River. During the afternoon, Lord Roberts re- ports, Major-General Babington arrived with his reinforcements on the right bank of the Riet River, threatening the north of Koodoesberg. The Boers did not remain to give battle, but vanished northwards. With reference to the abandonment of Koodoesberg by Major-General Macdonald, it is now stated that, previous to the with- drawal of the British troops, the Boers had deserted all their camps on the northern slopes of the hill. The British casualties were very slight, being only seven wounded. LORD ROBERTS. ARRIVAL AT MODDER RIVER. GENERAL FRENCH ALSO THERE. REINFORCEMENTS MASSING. LONDON, Feb. 11. Further confirmation of the report that a great movement is in course of prepara- tion, having for its object the invasion of the Orange Free State, is afforded by the news of the arrival of the commander-in- chief, Lord Roberts, at Lord Methuen's headquarters on the Modder River. Simultaneously with the arrival of the commander-in-chief, it is reported that Lieut.-General French has also joined the Modder River forces with a body of cavalry, and it is further stated that other reinforcements are also arriving. AUSTRALIANS IN ACTION. FIGHTING FROM KOPJE TO KOPJE. TWO JOURNALISTS MISSING. LONDON, Feb. 11. Following upon the reconnaissance by New South Wales troops at Cole's Kop, an- other movement of a similar kind has been carried out by Australian troops. On Friday a joint detachment of Tas- manian and Australian troops, consisting of 50 men, under the command of Captain C. Cameron, of the Tasmanian contingent, executed a reconnoitring movement near Colesberg. Having succeeded by drawing their fire in unmasking the position of a large force of Boers, Captain Cameron or- dered the "retire" to be sounded. The Australians and Tasmanians fought their way back stubbornly, retreating from kopje to kopje. Twice the Boers worked round to their rear, and once they nearly captured the horses whilst the men were dismounted for the purpose of firing. The Australians, warned by Captain Came- ron of their danger, rushed back to their horses, and mounted amidst a hail of bullets. Private V. S. Peers, of Zeehan (Tas- manian in contingent), who was slightly wounded, declared that he shot three Boers. He was conveyed safely back to camp by Major Reay, the war correspon- dent of the Melbourne "Herald." Two Australian war correspondents are reported missing, namely, Mr. W. J. Lam- bie, of the Melbourne "Age," and Mr. Hales, who represents several Western Aus- tralian papers. NEW SOUTH WALES TROOPS UNDER FIRE. LONDON, Feb. 9. Fighting continues almost without inter- mission in the Colesberg district, the various Australian contingents being made much use of by Lieutenant- General French for reconnoitring purposes. Whilst carrying on a reconnaissance at Cole's Kop, between Colesberg and Rends- burg, a party of New South Wales troops came under a heavy fire from the enemy's Vickers-Maxims (machine guns), but, for- tunately, no casualties resulted. SIR FRANCIS CLERY. INVALIDED HOME. LONDON, Feb. 10. It is reported from Natal that Sir Francis Clery, who commanded a division under Sir Redvers Buller, is temporarily incapa- citated from active service, and has been invalided home. COLONEL EAGAR. TO BE RELEASED SHORTLY. LONDON, Feb. 11. A statement has been made by President Steyn, of the Orange Free State, with re- gard to Lieut.-Colonel H. A. Eagar, of the 2nd Battalion of the Royal Irish Rifles, who was wounded and captured during Sir W. F. Gatacre's unsuccessful attack on Stormberg on December 10. Lieut.-Colonel Eagar, who was sent to Pretoria, where he had to have a leg ampu- tated, is a son-in-law of Mr. William M'Cul- loch, late Minister of Defence, Victoria. President Steyn has promised to release Lieut.-Colonel Eagar as soon as he is able to travel. THE BOER ARTILLERY. 230 MODERN GUNS. LONDON, Feb. 11. From a secret memorandum that was laid before the Transvaal Volksraad pre- vious to the war by the Executive Council, and the contents of which have now become known, some idea can be formed of the magnitude of the Boer preparations for war. It appears that the Transvaal Govern- ment had secured no fewer than 230 guns of the latest patterns prior to the declara- tion of war. A BOER INFANTRY CORPS. SCARCITY OF HORSES. LONDON, Feb. 9. Up to the present the Boer commandos have all consisted of mounted corps, but a prisoner who has been captured recently states that so many of the enemy's horses have been killed that there is now great difficulty in providing horses for the Boer troops, and for this reason it has been re- solved to form an infantry corps. ARMOURED TRAIN INCIDENT. A BOER REPORT. LONDON, Feb. 9. The Boers claim that they gained a some- what important success on Tuesday in Natal. According to their statement they com- pelled the return to Chieveley, south of Co- lenso, of an armoured train and 2,000 men, the British movement having been in- tended to threaten their flank. ZULULAND INVADED. A MAGISTRATE'S FORETHOUGHT. LONDON, Feb. 11. Following upon the raiding of Nqutu, in Zululand, by the Boer commando recently formed at Vryheid, which is close to the Zululand border, the Boers have carried their depredations further into the Zulu country. The capture is reported by the Boers of the magistrate's headquarters in the Nkan- dhla district. Owing, however, to the presence of mind of the magistrate, Mr. J. L. Knight, who blew up the powder magazine, no ammunition fell into the hands of the enemy. Mr. Knight succeeded in making his escape, and has arrived at Eshowe, together with the police. THE FOREIGN ATTACHES. LORD ROBERTS'S OPERATIONS. LONDON, Feb. 9. That important operations are shortly anticipated in the Cape Colony is shown by the movements of the military attaches of foreign powers at the seat of war. A Reuter's telegram states that these at- taches have left Cape Town and gone to the front. SUPPLEMENTARY ESTIMATES. THIRTEEN MILLIONS ASKED FOR. LONDON, Feb. 10. In the House of Commons last night the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, introduced supplementary war estimates amounting to £13,000,000. These estimates provide for 120,000 troops, including all who are in the field and afloat, and cover the war expenses until the end of next month. THE ADDRESS IN REPLY. AGREED TO WITHOUT A DIVISION. LONDON, Feb. 11. In the House of Commons on Friday night the Address in Reply to the Queen's Speech was agreed to without a division. A VICTORIAN GOES TO THE FRONT. LONDON, Feb. 9. Mr. P. L. Russell, of Carngham, near Ballarat, has accepted a commission in the South Staffordshire Militia, and will pro- ceed to the front in South Africa. NOTES ON THE CABLES. By UITLANDER. The glorious uncertainty of war has again been exemplified by the retirement of Sir Redvers Buller's forces to the south of the Tugela. All looked promising. The pas- sage of the river had been effected, a strong position had been established, and during two days' hard fighting success had at- tended the British efforts in every direc- tion. The advantage of position was, of course, with the enemy, but at the same time so thorough was the initial success that had been achieved that there was reason to hope that at last a weak spot had been found in the Boer defences. The great advantage that the Boers enjoy from being tactically on the defensive, while at the same time they are strategically on the offensive, is that they can to a great extent command the choice of positions, and it must be acknowledged that they have not lost any of the natural benefits resulting from the conformation of the country. A further advantage of the tactical defensive policy is that by its adoption the danger is avoided of the troops being worn out in in- effectual assaults on hostile positions. Stubborn assailants often yield to the temp- tation of making great efforts to gain some objective, the attainment of which is not worth the sacrifice. The attack may thus cause a waste of troops. Even success may be so dearly bought, particularly against modern firearms, that the general situation is thereby made worse rather then better. Again, the defender has the advantage of bringing uninterrupted fire to bear, whilst the assailants' fire may be interrupted by his movements. The defender also enjoys the special advantage of being able to keep his troops under prepared cover, whilst the assailant has to advance in the open, with only such protection as the men can ob- tain by making use of the natural cover that the country affords. These are all well-known theories of warfare, and of every one of them the Boers have profited to the utmost. That the Boers have great mobility has been apparent from the first day of the war. This is a leading characteristic of a properly-constituted defence, facilitating the concentration of masses of troops at any given place. Sir Redvers Buller evi- dently succeeded in attacking the Boers at an unexpected point, but the enemy was able to very quickly bring a considerable force to bear upon the threatened spot. The Boers were thus in a position to oppose a vigoious resistance to Sir Redvers Buller making good his footing. Despite all this, the British troops were led so well and fought so bravely that they succeeded in capturing two important positions. The physical features of the country have been already discussed, but, at the risk of repe- tition, attention must again be drawn to them. All the northern bank of the Tugela is covered by masses of steep kopjes in suc- cession of ridges. As a rule, these kopjes are almost inaccessible, except by certain paths. To try to scale them by other roads is often to attempt the impossible. The relative positions of the defenders and the assailants are easy to conjecture. Whilst the defender has been able to ascertain all the most advantageous cover, and has secured emplacements for his artillery in positions where his guns are comparatively safe from the assailants' fire, the assail- ant, on the contrary, has to a great ex- tent to operate at haphazard. Again, the huge boulders which form the natural covering of these rugged kopjes provide a protection for sharpshooters that no arti- ficial earthworks can surpass. When, again, to these natural aids to successful defence is added the advantage to be gained from the latest improvements in modern equip- ment, a practical idea can easily be gained of the enormous difficulties in Sir Redvers Buller's path. Never were the advantages of entrenched positions more clearly demonstrated than at Plevna. Going back, however, to the Peninsular war, the defence of Torres Vedras by Wellington against the French under Marshal Massena also stands out pro- minently as an example of what can be effected by determination and preparation. Massena advanced with a much superior force upon Torres Vedras, thinking that Wellington would accept battle. To his great surprise he found a redoubt on every hill, and entrenchments thrown up at every point. During the long winter of 1810-1811 Massena was compelled to sit down before Wellington's lines ; assault was impossible without very heavy reinforce- ments ; and the result was that Wellington gained a great victory without fighting. Massena was obliged to retreat, to his later utter confusion. Those two instances are quoted to show the power of defence where the situation is favourable to withstand at- tack, and where there has been ample time for preparation. Both these conditions apply to the Boer positions on the Tugela River. They are naturally of great strength, and the Boers have had over three months to prepare their defences. All points to the task of forcing a way through these inhospitable kopjes being one of immense difficulty. One theory for Sir Redvers Buller's re- tirement may be advanced, though it must be admitted that circumstances do not alto- gether favour it. It is that his present re- tirement is part of a "war game," which, to some extent, he may have been carrying on for some time past. His advances and re- tirements may be part of a concerted plan for keeping the Boers busy on the Tugela, whilst preparations are being made for the general attack from the Cape Colony. "Delaying actions" are well accepted principles of warfare. All would depend on the ability of Ladysmith to hold out. If Lord Roberts were well assured of this, then his orders to General Buller may have been to keep the enemy in hand on the Tugela whilst preparations are being made elsewhere to advance and cut off the Boers in the rear. But, taking the news as it comes, and ac- cepting the retirement as a serious check, there is strong reason to believe that there is an insufficiency of strength in Sir Redvers Buller's artillery. The Boer posi- tion guns are stated to have caused serious damage, and the shells are said to have reached as far as Zwaart Kop, on the south of the river. With 70 guns on Zwaart Kop, and in the neighbourhood, it was shown that it was impossible to keep the Boer artillery in check. This points conclusively to Sir Redvers Buller having been short of guns of a heavy calibre. Some time ago this point was touched upon in these notes, it being pointed out that, according to reliable authorities, it was considered that Sir Red- vers Buller was even more in want of guns than of men. It may be found necessary to substantially reinforce Sir Redvers Buller, both in men and guns, should it be determiined to reach Ladysmith, cost what it may. The arrival of Lord Roberts at Modder River, and at the same time of General French with a cavalry force, points to the anticipated invasion of the Free State taking place very shortly. By this time Lord Roberts must have accumulated a very large force between the Modder River, Naauwpoort, Rosmead, Colesberg, and Sterkstroom. With a strong central column operating through the Free State, the left flank protected by the Modder force, and the right flank by the Sterkstroom force, the Boers would probably be drawn as if by a magnet from both Magersfontein and Natal for the defence of their own country. By this means the siege of Ladysmith would be practically raised. Interest for the next few days will centre in Lord Roberts's movements. THE DAY OF INTERCESSION. Special intercessional services in connec- tion with the war were held in the leading Protestant churches of the colony yester- day. The services included special lessons, psalms, and hymns, Rudyard Kipling's "Recessional" being in almost all cases amongst the hymns. Prayers for the suc- cess of the British arms were offered, and for the welfare of the soldiers and those dependent on them. ST. PAUL'S CATHEDRAL. There were three services at St. Paul's Cathedral during the day. In the morning the Bishop of Melbourne preached to a large congregation. Special prayers and psalms were repeated. One of these was a prayer for the troops, and began, "O God of Hosts, we commend to Thy mercy and blessing the soldiers of our Queen, now called to face hardship and danger in South Africa." This prayer was closely followed by the congregation. The Bishop took for his text the 26th chapter of Isaiah, the 20th verse :—"Come, my people, enter thou into thy chambers, and shut thy doors about thee ; hide thyself, as it were, for a little moment, until the in- dignation be overpast." That day, he said, had not been set apart in order that the clergy might have an opportunity of dis- cussing the war or party politics, but in order that we might humble ourselves be- fore God in the face of a great national calamity. In doing that, however, we should not forget the encouraging aspect of our misfortunes. The progress of liberty, civilisation, and religion was greatly de- pendent upon the influence and extension of the Anglo-Saxon race, and because we believed that, we should pray for the suc- cess of our arms in South Africa. How- ever, that was not a day on which we were to flatter one another on the glory of our arms, or the prestige of our race. It was a day of deep humiliation, when, in the words of the text, we should enter into our chambers and confess our sins. In the afternoon the sermon was preached by the Rev. J. Stanley Low, senior chaplain to Her Majesty's forces in Victoria. He took for the subject of his discourse from Matthew, 10th chapter, 34th verse :—"Think not that I am come to send peace on earth ; I came not to send peace, but a sword." These words, he pointed out, at first sight seemed to stand in direct opposition both to the letter and the spirit of the gospel. On consideration, however, it would be seen that that was not so. When Christ used such figures as "My peace I leave unto you, my peace I give unto you," he was referring to the con- summation, the completion of his mis- sion. But the work of Christ on earth was not a compromise with sin, and therefore until the completion of that work there could be no peace with evil, and the sword would have to be drawn. As a nation we had drawn the sword against tyranny, sel- fishness, and injustice in South Africa, and we should pray for the brave men engaged in the battle there. At evensong the Dean of Melbourne de- livered a sermon on the 19th and 20th verses of the 8th chapter of Jeremiah. "Behold the voice of the cry of the daugh- ter of my people, because of them that dwell in a far country. Is not the Lord in Zion ; is not her King in her? Why have they provoked me to anger with their graven images, and with strange vanities? The harvest is past, the summer is ended, and we are not saved." SCOTS CHURCH. Scots Church, Collins-street, was well filled in the morning, when the Rev. J. A. Barber conducted the ordinary Divine service, and the Rev. Dr. Marshall preached an appropriate sermon, taking for his text the psalmist's words, "I will sing of mercy and judgment ; unto, O Lord, will I sing." Dwelling upon the relations of mercy to judgment, Dr. Marshall said it was well to recognise the larger bearing of those principles on national history and the progress of humanity. We had at the outbreak of hostilities in South Africa gravely underrated the strength and deter- mination of our enemies, and been too cocksure of an easy walkover—"a prome- nade to Pretoria." Our troops had met with a succession of checks and reverses, vexatious, if not humiliating. He did not doubt the ultimate result, for the nation had put its hand to the plough, and could not turn back until her last cartridge was fired, her last shilling spent, her last soldier marched to the front, without being writ- ten down a nation of cravens and fools. But the troubles we had encountered in the Transvaal had reminded us that we ought not to try to do without God in our na- tional life and undertakings. The march of the first Victorian contingent through the streets had been a brave sight, but it savoured of God- forgetfulness, or, at any rate, of God-neglectfulness. He rejoiced that in a practical way the claims of reli- gion and the nation's dependence on Al- mighty God were now being effectively re- cognised. In conclusion, the preacher said that judgment had been a true mercy if it had taught us to sing from the heart Kip- ling's grand song :— "God of our fathers, known of old, Lord of our far-flung battle line ; Beneath Whose awful Hand we hold Dominion over palm and pine— Lord God of Hosts, be with us yet, 'Lest we forget—lest we forget!' " The "Recessional" was then sung, and the vocal service was brought to a close with the National Anthem, in which the congre- gation were not, however, enabled to join, owing to the key in which it was played. PLEASANT SUNDAY AFTERNOON. ADDRESS BY A SOUTH AFRICAN RESIDENT. During the usual Pleasant Sunday after- noon at the Wesley Church, Lonsdale- street, yesterday, an adress was delivered by Mr. A. W. Baker, a native of South Africa, dealing with the rights of the war. Mr. Baker, who said he had practised as a solicitor in the Transvaal for some years, made the treatment of the native tribes by the Boers the chief subject of his discourse. He laid an indictment against the Boers of practising "slavery and wholesale mas- sacre" of the native races. "The bond- age in the Transvaal," he said, "is similar in its character, and very nearly similar in its degree, to the bondage suffered by the children of Israel in Egypt." This charge Mr. Baker proceeded to substantiate by re- lating cases of enforced slavery and bru- tality towards the blacks by the Boers. He accused them of having broken the conven- tion with the British by sanctioning the in- denturing of blacks to Boer farmers, by whom they were morally compelled to work as slaves. It has ever been a religious con- viction among the Boers that they had to destroy the blacks. He showed some shock- ing pictures of Boer barbarism, and charged the Transvaal Government with having permitted slavery of the worst description to exist under a hypocritical guise. Re- ferring to Boer officialdom, it had come under his notice during his practice at the Transvaal bar that leading officials were frequently guilty of practices of bribery and corruption. Mr. Baker was loudly applauded after a brief but interesting address. COLLINS-STREET INDEPENDENT CHURCH. The Rev. Dr. Bevan addressed a nume- rous congregation last evening in the Col- lins-street Independent Church. It was not, he said, for us to now discuss the whys and wherefores of the present war in South Africa. There was no subject on which sides could so easily be taken as the subject of war, or which could furnish more useless discussion. It was only after war was ended that the terms were discussed by the parties interested, and, although it might be regretted that the necessary ar- rangements could not be made without re- course to arms, it seemed as if war was inevitable. It was horrifying to reflect on the fearful scenes of battle, and the prayers of one and all should go up for the dead and wounded, for the widows and orphans, and other relatives of those who sacrificed their lives on the field of battle. Was it not strange that civilised nations, which had voted duelling a crime, should find glory in war when it was engaged in by large masses of men, and when the pain of the duel was increased a thousandfold? The present war was waged by opponents of the same race and religion. The history of the two peoples was remarkably similar. Before liberty had accomplised her great victory in England, our forefathers sought refuge in Holland, and the two nations had since gone along the line of progress shoul- der by shoulder. It was strange also to re- flect that both were now praying to the same God. There never was a force so like the old Ironsides as the Boers. They prayed round their camp fires with the ut- most fervour, while we, too, were also praying. Both were thus putting their power of prayer against each other, and what was to be the result? Was victory to rest with that side which prayed the best and the longest? Dreadful as was war, it was still, as the history of the world proved, a powerful factor for civilisation. It might be that Providence ordained that the civilisation of South Africa should be welded out on the anvil of the battle- field. If it was simply to hold an empire in South Africa that Britain desired, it was not worth the firing of a single gun ; but if it was for opening the doors of trade and commerce, promoting freedom and civilisa- tion, then there was ample justification. We should pray for the victory of the em- pire in the knowledge that we were on the right side. Was it not extraordinary that a small army like that of the Boers should be able to so far resist a nation like Eng- land? No man ever dreamt that it was going to be a war of such magnitude. Close upon 200,000 British soldiers would soon be invading the battlefield. Great Britain never had so many men in the field before, and at the same time never seemed so powerless. At the conclusion of Dr. Bevan's re- marks the congregation engaged in prayer for the troops and joined in singing Kip- ling's Recessional hymn. JEWISH SERVICE. "As members of the human family we sympathise with our foes in the misery and loss that the present war entails upon them ; but as loyal members of the British empire we hope for the success of our own men." In these words did the Rev. S. M. Solomon strike the chord of popular feeling in the course of a special war service at the Bourke-street Synagogue on Saturday. Following all the while in a patriotic line of supplication, the Rabbi prayed for "peace to that land where at present all is turmoil and strife," and asked with much fervour "to give the generals and officers an understanding heart to attain success without recourse to further bloodshed." The prayer was delivered with much solemnity. Mr. Solomon took as his text "The Lord is my strength and song, and He is become my salvation. The Lord is a man of war, eternal is His name." He spoke upon the religious aspect of the war, pointing to the necessity of teaching the principles of liberty and equality in South Africa, and of maintaining the supremacy of Great Britain. RESOLUTION BY THE PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHURCH. The assembly of the Primitive Methodist Church, at its session in Melbourne on Fri- day, adopted the following resolution re- lating to the war in South Africa :— "That we, the representatives of the Primitive Methodist Churches of Vic- toria and Tasmania, hereby place on re- cord our deep convictions with reference to the great struggle for liberty and righteousness which is at present taking place in South Africa between the British forces and those of the Boer republics. Whilst we do not believe in the principle of settling our national disputes by the sword, we are convinced that in this case the war was forced upon the British authorities by the Boers themselves, and in self-defence, as well as in helping the cause of human brotherhood and na- tional righteousness, our authorities are fully justified in vigorously prosecuting the war. We earnestly pray that the great God of Battles will bless our sovereign lady the Queen, give grace and wisdom to the leaders of our national affairs in the old land, guide and direct our generals in South Africa, help and support them in their prosecution of the war, succour and sustain our soldiers, comfort the wounded and dying, the widows and orphans, and speedily open the way for a just and honourable settle- ment of the great matters in dispute in South Africa." COUNTRY SERVICES. BALLARAT, Sunday. The example of the Anglican churches in setting apart to-day for special interces- sion and supplication on account of the war was followed by several other denomi- nations. There were large attendances at Christ Church, where, by special request, many of the officers and men of the 3rd Battalion attended, the hand supplying music. The Bishop of Ballarat preached in the evening, and in the course of his ser- mon he referred to Great Britain's isola- tion, pointing out that the Boers were, un- doubtedly, recruited by the great powers of the Continent. It was not to be sup- posed, however, that our Empress would lower her peaceful and beneficent sceptre to the slavery-upholding and tyrannical Boer, who tries to combine Old Testament maxims with trickery and injustice. Part of the offertory is to be devoted to the Patriotic Fund. BENDIGO, Sunday. Throughout the Anglican churches in Bendigo to-day was observed as a day of intercession for the welfare of the British arms in South Africa. At the Congrega- tional Church Kipling's "Recessional" was sung at the evening service. THE SECOND CONTINGENT. THE INSUBORDINATION CHARGE. STAWELL, Saturday. Information has been received here by Captain Isaacson the Major - General Downes has considered the case of Private Ratcliffe, who was landed from the Eury- alus by Colonel Price, and has decided that Ratcliffe shall be allowed to remain in the Rangers, and not be dismissed from the Defence force. THE NEW ZEALAND TROOPS. AUCKLAND, Sunday. In response to an urgent request, Colonel Fox has consented to take command of the Canterbury troops in the third contin- gent. The commission of Major Jowsey, who will command the contingent, will therefore be ante-dated, so as to make him senior to Colonel Fox. CAMERON SCOUTS. BENDIGO, Saturday. Mr. Athelstan Nicholls, the youngest son of Mr. Edward Nicholls, manager for Messrs. Macpherson, Sternberg, and Co., has been selected as one of the Bushmen's Scouts organised by Mr. Cameron. The young man has had extensive experience in North Queensland in bush tactics. The donation acknowledged in Friday's issue of £20 for the "Cameron Scouts," from Mr. Alan Cameron, Nagambie, should have been from Mr. Alexander Cameron, of "Pollock," Nagambie. We have received the following subscriptions to the Cameron Scouts Fund :—Collected at a pre- sentation send-off to Dr. E. A. Officer and Mr. Gus Kearney by the committee of the Essendon Football Club, during the singing of "The Absent-Minded Beggar" by Mr. C. E. Long, £1/2/. In the list of the corps published on Saturday the name given as H. J. Clarke should have been H. St. John Clarke. COMFORTS FOR THE WOUNDED. A meeting will be held at the vicarage, South Yarra, this afternoon, at 5 o'clock, for the purpose of forming parties to make garments and other requisites for the wounded in South Africa. A WOMAN'S VIEW OF THE WAR. A remarkable letter appears in the Eng- lish "Methodist Times" from Mrs. Lewis, sister of Mr. Schreiner, the Cape Premier. It is entitled "A Voice from South Africa : A Message to the Christian People of Great Britain." Mrs. Lewis writes : — "An awful war is upon us in this country —a war in which, on either side, our nearest and dearest may fall. There is scarcely a household in the Cape Colony which has not some of its beloved ones in imminent danger of death, not only in the colonial forces, which, in Natal and elsewhere, are supporting the Imperial Government, but in still larger numbers among the burghers of the Republics now engaged in the war with Great Britain. If ever there was a war for the Lord of Hosts, if ever there was a war for truth and right, for the put- ting down of oppression and wrong, for the deliverance of a people powerless to deliver themselves, whose wrongs have cried up to heaven until the Lord has come down to deliver them, this is that war. It is not the grievances of the Uitlanders, though they have been very real, and have called for justice ; it is not what British subjects have had to suffer of indignities and wrongs, though these have been numerous under recent Transvaal administration ; it is not the insult to England's power and prestige shown by the refusal to concede her moderate demands for justice to be done to her subjects, followed by the un- paralleled act of defiance contained in the Transvaal war ultimatum—it is not these things, however they may justly stir the national heart, which call upon us as Chris- tians to bring the united force of God's people, by the power of believing prayer, to bear upon this war question. British soldiers are dying on African soil to-day to put an end to a condition of atrocious wrong. For over 200 years the progenitors of the Transvaal Republic and their de- scendants have crushed, maltreated, and, as far as they had power to do so, robbed of all rights belonging to them as fellow human beings the coloured peoples of this land. On every side indi- vidual brutalities were being com- mitted on defenceless victims, and that not by Arab slave-drivers or Moslem oppressors, but by a professedly Christian and highly religious people, who, with the Bible in their hands, and loud professions of faith and prayers, were practising bar- barities, in peace as well as war, which put to shame the records of what the savages of this land have inflicted, even in war time, upon white races." LIEUTENANT-GENERAL FRENCH. Major Arthur Griffiths writes in the "Daily Mail" :— It is a curious fact, on which some em- phasis has been recently laid, that the most successful of our leaders in South Africa so far have been principally cavalry officers. Colonel Baden-Powell is actually colonel of the 5th Dragoon Guards. General French, late of the 19th Hussars, went out with Buller with the express purpose of commanding the strong cavalry division which, as yet, had had no cor- porate existence, its various items and com- ponents having been split up and dis- tributed over the whole theatre of war. Baden-Powell has, no doubt, owed his magnificent defence of Mafeking to his in- nate resolute spirit rather than to his cavalry training ; but French, a cavalry officer pur et simple, has excelled in troop leading, and has shown it especially in his management of the three arms com- bined. It was his excellent dispositions and obvious mastery of the operation that led Sir George White to leave French the undisputed control of the Elands Laagte fight, which was unquestionably a victory. Again, now, although the proportion of ar- tillery and infantry under his orders in the Colesberg affair was relatively small, he handled all three arms with equal adroit- ness and knowledge. General French is an excellent specimen of the modern school, which includes a number of first-class soldiers. It is only necessary to mention the names of Babing- ton and Brabazon, of Brocklehurst, now unhappily shut up in Ladysmith ; of Lord Dundonald, commanding Buller's cavalry on the Tugela ; of Lord Airlie, at the head of the 12th Lancers on the Modder ; of Colonel Broadwood, late the dashing young leader of the Egyptian Cavalry, now at the head of a fine corps of irregular cavalry at the Cape. French has always been esteemed by those who pretend to have an insight into character as one of the best of all. His soldierly aptitudes and his sound qualifica- tions for the military service were noted almost from the first. For a long time he was no more than a regimental adjutant, first with his own people, the 19th Hussars, and next with a Yeomanry Corps. He was always held in high esteem by all he served under. It was greatly to his advantage that his lot was cast with one of the best cavalry re- giments in the service. This was the 19th Hussars, long under the command of Colonel Barrow, a splendidly- trained regi- ment, perfect in demeanour and appear- ance. It accompanied Lord Wolseley in the Nile Expedition in 1884-5, and won his unstinting approval on all occasions, espe- cially when employed in outpost duties and reconnaissances. French was its major and second in com- mand, and he went with it on that momen- tous expedition of Herbert Stewart's, which was thrown across the Bayuda Desert as a last forlorn hope to rescue Gordon in Khartum. At the fierce con- flict of Abu Klea, when Stewart was struck down with Burnaby and so many more gallant souls, French, with his regiment, was engaged ; and again they were at Metemmeh when Redvers Buller's oppor- tune arrival was so happily instrumental in the extrication of the force. THE BOERS IN NATAL. OCCUPYING A LOYALIST'S FARM. THE OWNER'S ACCOUNT. Mr. John H. Wallace, of Cliffdale, High- lands, writes to a relative in Maritzburg, under date November 26, says the "Natal Mercury" :—About 5 in the afternoon of Saturday, 18th inst., we heard shots about a mile below the house. I had heard of the "whip-like crack of the Mauser," and was afraid the invasion, as far as we were concerned, was an accomplished fact. I sent a native with my glasses flying to the top of the mountain, and he returned, say- ing the Boers were encamped, and shooting oxen—for food, he supposed. As you know, I did not mean to move. There was time now to get away, but my wife said, "Jack, we will see this out together." My duty was plainly to stay, to trust to the Boer proclamations, and to put them on their honour ; and the end has justified the line I took. We went out on the lawn with our glasses to see the invasion. The natives and coolies behaved well. We told them we should stop with them. Cliffdale is, as you know, a place where 50 men and a Maxim could keep a thousand men at bay, and it was a sight to see the way these Boer peasants took possession of it. I would not have missed it for anything. The way those mounted men got up the steep, stony sides of the hills on each side of the road, whilst others came along it, was a lesson in the use of mounted infantry that I wish the Staff College could have seen. The marvellous advantage they took of every bit of cover, and the way they took their horses over as rough a country as you can wish for, was a revelation. What a day we had of it! I should think 1,000 called at the house, and all behaved well, except two renegade Englishmen who have joined the Boers, one of whom was found by Carrie in the stable-yard trying to steal my stud-horse, Priestcraft. All the old Boers paid high compliments to Carrie. They said she was a brave good woman, and every Dutchman who passed the house took off his hat to her, and we heard them say time after time that by the general's orders not a thing was to be touched. General Piet Joubert passed with 3,500 men and five guns all told ; and this small number of men has been able to wreck the cream of the farms up here. Yesterday they were in full retreat from Cliffdale, from 4.30 a.m. until the last ambulance passed at 6 p.m. They came with few waggons, and they went back with 300 vehicles plundered from abandoned farms. They might have been captured any day.— St. James's Gazette. BOER KNOWLEDGE. Captain Slocum is continuing in the "Cen- tury" the story of his solitary voyage round the world in the yacht Spray. In the cur- rent number he gives his Natal experi- ences :— It sounds odd to hear scholars and states- men say the world is flat ; but it is a fact that three Boers of considerable learned ability prepared a work to support that con- tention. While I was at Durban they came from Pretoria to obtain data from me, and they seemed annoyed when I told them that they could not prove it by my experi- ence. With the advice to call up some ghost of the dark ages for research, I went ashore, and left these three wise men poring over the Spray's track on a chart of the world, which, however, proved nothing to them, for the chart was on Mercator's pro- jection, and, behold, it was "flat." The next morning I met one of the party in a clergyman's garb, cartying a large Bible, not different from the one I had read, and who tackled me, saying, "If you respect the Word of God you must admit that the world is flat." If the Word of God stands on a flat world—" I began. "What!" cried he, losing himself in a furious passion, and making as if he would run me through with an assegai. "What!" he shouted in astonishment and rage, while I jumped aside to dodge the imaginary weapon. Had this good but misguided fanatic been armed with a real weapon, the crew of the Spray would have died a martyr there and then. The nest day, seeing him across the street, I bowed and made curves with my hands. He responded with a level, swimming move- ment of his hands. A pamphlet by these Transvaal geographers, made up of argu- ments from sources high and low to prove their theory, was mailed to me before I sailed from Africa on my last stretch round the globe. While I feebly portray the ignorance of these learned men, I have great admiration for their physical manhood. The trip to Johannesburg and Pretoria was a pleasant one. At the last-named place I met Mr. Kruger, the Transvaal Pre- sident. His Excellency received me cor- dially enough ; but my friend Judge Beyers, the gentleman who presented me, by men- tioning incidentally that I was on a voyage round the world unwittingly gave great offence to the venerable statesman, which we both regretted deeply. Mr. Kruger corrected the judge rather sharply, remind- ing him that the world is flat. "You don't mean round the world," said the President ; "it is impossible! You mean in the world. Impossible!" he said, "impossible!" and not another word did he utter either to the judge or me. The judge looked at me, and I looked at the judge, who should have known his ground, so to speak, and Mr. Kruger glowered at us both. My friend the judge seemed embarrassed. I was de- lighted for in those days I was fond of fun, and the incident pleased me more than anything else that could have happened. It was a nugget of information quarried out of Oom Paul, some of whose sayings are famous. Of the English, he said, "They took first my coat and then my trousers." He also said "Dynamite is the corner-stone of the South African Republic." Only unthinking people call President Kruger dull. 