SHOHT'^ttr.; About -a Hecklace and Something ' . .-? Else. Ism a coward; it is no good saying i am not, for I am and I know it quite well. Some people say I am brave, some even strong-minded, bat that is principally because I don't mind about mice and blttoktaotlcB, and never scream when I am frightened; none the less, really I am a coward, as f think this tale of the haunted room will show. It was Christmas tune, nod I was stay ing -with my friend, Dolly Vanborough. Dolly is a sweet little creators, as lovable and fair and lively as I tun the reverse, which, of coarse, tends to make us the greater friends. Still, though we had been school chums, I had never stayed with -her till that Christmas, and so did not know her people. I was rather afraid of thorn, they were very rich, and quite kings in their own country, with a big old house and lots of company. Dolly's brother Derrick I was afraid of too; he ?wse mnoh older than Dolly, very, clever, '- ' and grave and silent — rather a terrible '. personage. And, to make matters '.worse, Dolly, who is the dearost little dunce in tie world, persists in believing me clever, and in trying to impress other people with her belief. However, Mr Derrick was very polite, and pretended he liked talk ing to me, and never appeared to be aware of my mistakes. His mother and father, too, were so kind, and inisted on my pro jonging my visit inaausiteiy. Altogether, I enjoyed myself, in spite of the haunted room. I slept in it. It was not supposed to be much haunted, and for a long time I heard .and saw nothing. No one before me seemed to have bean particularly troubled, the only objection to the place being its i distance -from the occupied part of the ? house. I first saw my ghost when I began . to inquire into hU story. I did not do this very early in my visit. It is true I asked Dolly about it soon after my arrival, but she knew nothing, and then them '. were so many other things to think of , that I forgot to seek further particulars, . till one evening at dinner my neighbour began a ghost conversation. Of course, :. ? - this reminded uie of my haunted chamber; and t applied to the general public for 1 information. Unfortunately, I could not get much. All I could gather was that for nearly eighty years the room was supposed to ;? . have b»en occasionally visited more by mysterious noises and wandering lights than anything else ; even these had ceased entirely for a long time. The date when the haunting began was at the death of Solly's great great grandmother^ when also a very valuable diamond necklace disappeared ; some shadowy tradition con nected these facts in a tangled way. I was very interested, of course, and asked heaps of questions, among others whether ' they had searched myroora for the neck lace. 'Oh, yeB; they have turned the whole 'house out of window one time and another,' Mr Vanborough said. Tor my part, I . don't altogether believe in that necklace. I have a fancy that it was privately sold, and its ignominious end concealed by this I do not; think Mr Derrick agreed with ' his father, and Dolly would have nothing to do with so unromantic a conclusion. She and the younger guests agreed to institute a search the next day. Of course nothing came of it. If you had seen them looking you would not havo wondered. ? Anything more utterly unsystematic I cannot imagine. The search itself was in no my important. It was the night after that my experiences of haunted rooms began. I had been asleep some time when some alight noise woke me ; I am a li^ht sleeper and the least thing rouses me. 1 was \- looking drowsily round, as ouo -does on \- first waking me up at once. The fire was out and, except for a little moonlight, thu room was very dark. Plainly, in tlio patch of light, I saw, between tivo plauks of the floor, which was polished an J only furnished on the matoasis principle, the fingers of a hand, I was simply petrified with horror at the sight and lay bathed in cold perspiration staring at it, too fright ened to Boream or move. As I, fascinated, watched it, I saw it creep along the edge of the boatd for the apace of a foot or more; then, as its progress was towards .. the bed, 1 gathered together all the little courage I had and gasped, ? Go away, do go away.1 And aB if it had heard me, the hand went creeping back again and vanished ! It was long before I slopt again, but at last T diA\ sund with t.lifl return of dtivlie-lit I had a return of courage. In fuct, by morning, so brave had i become that I examined the crack between the two boards where the ghost band hud ap 1 pearod. To my great surprise I discovered that by forcing it a little way and pushing with a strong comb, I was able to slide one plank, back a couple of inches. Through the aperture thus made I could see nothing owing, to the darkness, but by tying a . pocket-knife to a piece of string and using it as a plummet, I found the distance . below was considerable. The old library, . the room under mine, wos very low, I knuw . .'therefore ' it was easy to imagine there ? might bo some sort of hiding hole between the floor of the one room and the ceiling of the other. 1 questioned Dolly about it when I saw . . her alone after breakfast, but she knew nothing; I wished to keep my adventure to myself, so I was not very explicit, I am afraid. In spite of my intentions of secrecy, there was one person who found me out, and that was Mr Derrick. Quite how he did it I do not know ; he guessed ' part and compelled me to tell him the rest. Of course, he wanted me to give up my room is consequence, and, of couiee, I ? -nniilH Vi«f. Wfl lioth behaved rather qneerly about it, I fancy, for when I flatly declined to sleep anywhere elsa ^which I . did partly from obstinacy and partly from fear of being laughed at), he asked me to do bo 'for his sake!' And I in return begged him to allow me to keep my room one more night. After some hesitation he onmented to do so on condition that I would leave my door unfastened. I ' went to dress for dinner early that night, and took upstairi with me some long tacks. With these, using the lieel of slipper as a hammer, I fastened the big gest mat in the room over the glidiug bo'ard. Then I had a thorough hunt in all the likely and unlikely places I could think of for the necklace, which, needless to say, 1 did not find. During dinner, however, I found something else — a hand very like my ghost hand ! There is a wonderful lot of difference in hands; my ghost hand, which was naturally very clearly impressed on my mind, had short fingers full of little creases aud very knobby joints. 1 noticed, when he was pouriugout some sherry for me, that Buucel, the butler had a wonderfully similar hand. This interested me very much, and 1 set to work to find out all I could about the ±he man. I learned that he was a most worthy person, and had served thoVan * borough family from boyhood, aB his lather had before him. Indeed, the latter had been in their service at the time of the disappearance of the necklace. I did not tell anyone about the hand coincident; I thought it best, because, you see, there really was very little to go upon i all the tame I could sot help think ing Sbont ft in a res' - 'foolish feSuon Hurt anight What Trith'ftafcano mecu totiug about Mr, Derrick's behaviour, whion had been most perplexing, I found when, having looked under theljed, I got Inside it, that it was quite impOBaible to sleep. I kept looking from the mat covered board to the unlocked door, and then back to the board again, and thinking and thinking of— oh, lots of things, till it became quite dreadful. At last, unable to stand the strain any longer, I got up and went to the fireplace, and stood staring at the cow low and smouldering' fire. The room was quite warm, and my dressing, gown was beyond that horrid sliding board in a dark corner, and I am ashamed to confciBt I had not the courage to fetch it. The fire, as I said, was getting low, and, and, as I had no fancy for being left' in the dark by its expiring altogether, S turned to get some wood to replenish r$. As I stooped I leaned one hand againit the woodwork of a panel by th« mantel piece for support. Suddenly it gar* way beneath the pressure, and I nearly lost my balance and quite lost my nerve in conse quence. Hastily withdrawing my hand, I poked up the fire, and, still shaking a little, proceeded to examine my new dis covery, of course brimming over with the idea of finding the necklace,' Thaapertun bo unexpectedly revealed looked like a small cupboard, and was not more than twelve or fourteen inches anyway ; it was, moreover, quite devoid of interest, and absolutely empty. I had come to this con clusion — it did not take long to do bo, see ing that it could be discovered at a glance —when another idea occurred to me. Supposing this secret cupboard was only the ante-chamber, that it contained, hid den in it. the entrance to another P Such a thing seemed possible— indeed, nothing seemed impossible in my surprising room, especially at that hour of night. Accord ingly, I felt and poked all round the small place, not forgetting to keep an eye on that nailed mat. All at once, something clicked, gave — and then there was a thud — a snap — and the spring had closed again as suddenly as it had opened- But it had left some thing outsMe, something that had fallen down when it had opened-i4what was it ? I turned to the firelight, /with a, mad excitement shaking me. all over. No! Tes. it was — it was really the lost neck lace! There it was, folded in paper, lost for years, but glimmering, glowing in th« firelight like . drops of crystallised light ! And I, spellbound, held it, admiring it as only a woman can admire diamonds, oblivions alike of door and board. And then suddenly a hand was placed over my mouth, a weight was flung on me from behind, and the next instant the necklace lay a pool of light on the floor, and I was locked in deadly combat. I am strong, very strong — girls are nowa days — and I am stronger than most, and though I was tukeu unawares, 1 was no mean adversary for my unknown foe, hampered as he was by long white draperies suitable to iiiB rote of ghost. I am afraid, uuwmuanly as it may seem, I dearly love a tussle, not quite such an how knuw then tliat.it was a matter of life aud death we were figlitiug- out as we rolled over and over on the polished floor. A matter of life and death to be fought and fought alorte, for my own room was so far reitiuved from the rest of the house hold that I. might even then have been murdered without tiieir knowledge. Was 1 so far removed from everyone ? How was it, than, that the door flew open, and a m:»ii ruulied in, and, divining by in stinct Vnstwoou the two straggling figures,* dealt the ghost such a Wow, reducing him to Fih-ivjo? How was it, and who was it ? Why, Derrick ! ji*es, Uriirick, who had watched all night in trie next room, the old disused picture iicui.iiud who sto-d vilh pale face and trembling hauiis, all l'emtul tor me; Der rick, wUo picked up the necklace andhuug it round my nt.-k, and vowed no one should woitr it hut mo ; Derrick, who gatlii-red mo in his arms, and (hen apolo gia. d, a:ni ti.eu u-krd me if hu wight, and — oil ! 1 can't leli uny more ! Just awoi-ilabuiicSIrl'micell, though. It appears liis father h.id stolen the neck lace and hidden it until he could find a eouveuieut opportunity for selling it. The opportunity never came, und ou'iug to bis sudden death, the exaut whereabouts of hiding-placu was never kuovru, His son, who had sptnt much lime looking for it unsiiccosEluIIy, lielie.ved it to be hidden Eoiucivherc in my room. When he saw the unexpected pub:. city given to the story, and the energetic search made for the necklace, he felt he lfluat take desperate measures, and carry on the huut himself; and, as be was unable to go to the room in the day without causing remark, he deter mined to do so at night. It' by so doing he frightened me into giving up the room, he would no doubt havo been, very pleased, as be would havo had the coast clear. The space between the library and my room and tno sliding-bourd, which was one of the tno nays into it, had been made during a time of religious persecution, it was believed, but its exact history was never known. The secret cupboard aud its hidden spring wore probably con structed by Buni'eU's father, tho was well versed in the ways of locks und springs. There is really nothing more to tell, except that no one has ovur worn the neck lace but me. Mrs Vauborough says she is too old for such things, aud Mr Van boroujjh says it becomes his son's wife, eBpcccially as she found it, and Derrick says— well, lota of things.— 0. L. Sil bburau. 