AMUSEMENTS. "A MESSAGE FROM MARS" AT THE PALACE. Using tho same "whimsical kind of masque" which Dickens avowedly employed in his Christ mas Carol to awaken some loving and forbearing thoughts never out of place in a Christian land," Mr. Richard Ganthony has fashioned a novel, en tertaining, and amusing play. In "A Message from Mars," which was cordially received by a large audlence at the Palace Theatre on Satur day night, on Its first performance In Australia by the Hawtrey Comedy Company, the material used by Dickens In the best of his Christmas stories has been borrowed and ably treated. Scrooge of the Carol Is replaced by Horace Par ker, a self-absorbed, egotistical prig, and Mar- ley's ghost by n solemn, begrimed, pessimistic messenger from Mars. The object aimed at, the regeneration of the man, blind to his own selfish ness and uncharitttbleneee, Is achieved by the aid of a dream, Parker, utterly regardless of the wishes of others, even of the woman who is fo be his wife (Minnie Templar) und of his pleasant and sensible aunt, declines to escort them to a ball, a scientific article on life in Mars proving metal more attractive for him. His selfishness results in a quarrel with his fiancee. Parker then shows his want of sympathy for his suffering kind by refusing to aid an old tramp. Left alone, he falls asleep. An elemental disturbance, the Mes senger from the other planet, glides in, and the real Interest or the play begins. For the unforgiveable sin, in Mare, of palming off a partner's hymn of praise aa- his own (the grasping Parker considers this smnrl) the Mar tian lias been doomed to visit the earth, a locality, he assures Parker, which is "never mentioned in polite society In Mars. It is a monosyllable, and begins with a capital H" His mission is to save Par ker from himself, and until he fulfils It he can not return. With a good commund ot vitupera tive language tho Messenger abuses Parker for bis selfishness, calls him "a contemptible hound," and so forth. The admirable assumption of scepticism, and the playfulness qf manner with which Parker treated the Martian, and the lat- tor's calm, determined, "more in sorrow than in anger" method, made the scene un deniably amusing. At last Parker re monstrates, the Messenger waves his hand, thun der crashes, and lightning flashes, the furniture commences to jig and pirouette, while Parker is stricken into all sorts of shapes. The Messenger engages in pleasantries ot this character all through the piece, and they have a remarkably convincing effect on Parker. The Martian re marks that tt la "apparent we know nothing of dynamics; they would think nothing of a trifle like that in Mars." Parker unwillingly follows- the Messenger out into the snow to the house where the bail at which his aunt and fiancee have been escorted, and by the aid of a transparency he sees what is going on inside, the escort making love to Minnie, and he hears some truthful opinions about himself. There Is a street acci dent. "Can't you help?" asks the Messenger. Parker says it is not his business, but a threat of another dynamic disturbance has a striking effect, and he reluctantly hands over £80 to the wife of the man injured. Previously ho had given a starving woman a sovereign, aud a police man 5s. This charitableness is described as "otherdom" in Mars. "There," the Messenger proudly declares, "others, others, is the prevailing cry," and "We never mind our own business." "Marscy, old man," replies Parker, "I am sure of It." Parker Is finally left with a penny. The author rams his lesson home by making Horace spend it In the purchase of a paper, which tells him ot tho smashing ot the bank in which all his money is Invested, and, finally, his valuable clothes are stripped off by a magic hand wave from the Martian, nnd Parker stands in the enow ragged and hungry. The regeneration begins from this point. He meets with the old tramp, who chares his last biscuit with hint, and they cuter into an unprofitable snow-shovelling busi ness. The tramp falls to die In the snow, and tho transformed Porker pleads for sympathy for his "pard;" It is refused, and he finally appeals to tho Mossonger, who tolls him to feel in his pocket. Parker does eo, and finds a sove reign, and grasping Ills fallen mate's hand he swears it shall be "haves, pardner, halves." "Well done, my pupil," cries the exultant Messenger, nnd, his 'mission onded, he leaves for home, his exit up through the "flies" being cleverly man aged. In the last act Parker awakens, hut the im pression of the dreain lias transformed into the most charitable of beings. The milk of human kindness once tapped flows everywhere, and tho play ends with a pretty reconciliation of the lovers. The treatment of the play Is very satisfactory. It is a quiet play, and Is treated quietly, repres sion belDg the keynote of all the principals, but here' and there it came dangerously nenr to be ing made slow. This should bo remedied. In style Mr. Ross Is remindful of a prominent Aus tralian actor who is now in England. Ho uses "all geutly," and In his quiot way gives a good deal of effect to both sides of the character of Parker. There is no sense of humor in Mars. They take everything seriously up there, and Mr. Stephenson was absolutely convincing on this point. He is altogether a weird, . gloomy being, quite apart from this sphere, and Mr. Stephenson gave an air to the part which, at. least, interested the audience. Mr. Hawtrey, who was given a very hearty welcome, made n flesh and blood character of the old tramp. Al together it was an excellent piece of character isation, and the actor, falling into line with the others, avoided being "loud," aa the character might have tempted him to be. As a new beginner, Mr. Holding has the advantage of a pleasant voieo and manner, but he is not quite at home yet. The scope afforded the ladles is not great. Miss Ruby Ray, tall graceful, and pretty, plays with animation; but thero is nothing in tho part to test her quality as on actress. Miss Madge Hope is to bo commended for her spirited per formance of Miss Parker. Ot the smaller parts, that of tho injured coster was well done. The mounting gave full satisfaction, aud Mr. Wliaite was called twice for the snow scene In the second act, and all the tricks practised by the Martina wore well carried out. At tho close of tho performance there wer.o repeated calls, and plies of Ilowers-wero handed on to the stage. Mr. Hawtrey seized the occa sion for a speech. For the kind reception of the play he thanked the audience, and asked them whether ho could cable to Ills brother In London, and say that they endorsed the London opinion of tho piny, which had given It a 13 months' run. i The audience said ho could. 