Bf|fjjf fflE Lttp. i A DEFECTIVE STORY.) -BY BUR^ORD DELLANNOT.) CHAPTER IL— (Continued.) Dressed so, and with tbe two soverfelgiis in her purse, the discharged prisoner carried out the scheme she had in her niind— a scheme the points of which she had thought out in the solitude of her ceU. There was no reforma tion about her; she was as wicked, or more 60, as the day she was arrested. She had a know ledge of ihe Bible, gleaned from reading and re-reading it It had been in her, cell wiih her for two years. Parts of it she knew- by heart A great change was wrought in the styia of her conversation. Before her conviction her speech was spiced— highly spiced. Now she embellished it with Scriptural phrases and il lustrations it was good to hear. She was one of the holiest frauds around. ' But she had had enough of gaol. She meant to be wealthy, and live the life of enj&ynient; that money brings; but she meant to acquire that wealth by non-punishable means. And, primarily, she would cut all that set which would, she knew, despite her imprisonment, welcome her. Discharged from the gaol at nine o'clock in the morning, she knew she had some hours in which she could with safety move about in London. She wanted to be out of London be fore her 'set' arose. The portmanteau of clothing she had had in the prison whilst awaiting her trial, and which .had been returned to her on her discharge, she left at a cloak-room. Whilst having a break fast— how sweet those eggs and bacon, coffee and rolls and butter tasted after two yeans' abstinence from them!— she asked for the Post Office Directory, and from the column headed 'Scholastic Agencies' she took down two or three addresses. From the 'Morn'ng Post' she gleaned that Lady Norwood had just sailed for a teur round the world. Lady Norwood was as good a name as any other. Her friend, the directory, told her that Lady Norwood's London address was 36A Hyde Park Gardens. When she had finished her breakfast, she spent some time writing a letter. The time was necessary, Because of the need to disguise her hand. None but a handwriting expert could have recognised it as hers: '36A Hyde Park Gardens, 'London W. 'Lady Norwood has great pleasure in. writing in the highest terms of Miss Evelyn Westcar's abil ity as companion-governess. She is an admirable manager, excellent linguist, most punctual and attentive to tier duties. Lady Norwood's project ed lengthy tour is -the whole and sole reason for her parting with Miss Westcar, whose services ? £he so highly prized.' ; CHAPTER III.— THE SCHOLASTIC AGENCY. A woman leaves prison as a rule the better for her stay in it— not morally, but physically. The regular and simple food and exercise in almost all cases improve her. They iniprov- I ed the woman who left the gac-1 as Evelyn | Westcar, but who had entered it und;r another ] name — a name with aliases clinging to it ] like barnacles. There was a stately quietness ] about her beauty, and the look from her clear ] eyes was confidence-inspiring— it had been the | chief factor in the success of the Dubois.com- j bination. I At the first scholastic agency at which she presented herself, the principal tried in vain i to secure a registration fee. If there was an ; immediate opening in the country, salary little j object,, then she was prepared to pay the pro- j per charges, not otherwise. There was not i such an opening on the books, and Miss Evelyn j TVestcar left the office. '? At the second and third office the result was j the same — no openings, but fervent auxieiy to ! eecure registration fees. The heart of Miss ; Westcar was -mot given to sinking, but she , mounted the stairs of. the fourth office with I less lightness than she had done the preceding j ithree. She had- imagined that asking a low ! salary would have ensured success; she had yet to learn the state of the governess-companion market. But at the fourth office luck was waiting her —waiting her in the _ shape of Sir George drayue's wife and daughter. Accident helped. Two governesses had been written to to meet Lady Grayne and her daughter; but even as the agent met those ladies, he saw the letters to the governesses making the appointment lying on his desk— un- j posted! He showed the ladies into the wait- j ing-room. He was compelled to go through j the farce of keeping them a little while; and then in the outer office he relieved his feelings Jjy discharging one wretched clerk, and cursing sjinother, whose services were too valuable to lose. Even an infuriated employer will exer cise' a nice discrimination at times. He would in a very few moments have to apologise to the , waiting ladies, who would probably go to eom& j other agency, in which case he would lose the commission which he would have exacted had toe brought about the engagement for one or the governesses whose letters had not been posted- Having exhausted his curses on the clerk, he began to curse his own luck, when he was interrupted by a voice saying to one of 2us staff: . 'Have you on your register a vacancy for governess or companion — Christian family— in the country— salary not the chief object?' j The scholastic agent whirled round and faced | the applicant. He had just such a vacancy ? then. Sir George Grayne's wife and .daugh- 1 ter were waiting to interview a lady; their j place was in the country. 'We have a vacancy, but it is more compa nion thaD governess that is required. The only teaching required fe language?. Do you ? ?' . 'French,. German, and Italian.' 'Fluently?' 'Fluently,'. 'References?' For reply, she handed him Lady Norwood's letter. He read it through, and then said: 'How lcng were you with her?' 'Six years and three months.' Sh& was looking straight into his eyes as she said this, without a tremor or blush. She was a beautiful liar; ft seemed a pity to waste such a talent in a governess-ship. . . ? 'Urn— that ought to do. What salary are you expecting??' . . . 'The place is away in the country — quiet?' 'Quiet, yes. Dead-and-alive hole, from 'what I know of it Graynewpod— down in Sussex.' ??'?,? *'I don't mind its quietness.' 'What salary do you want?' ^'What should I ask?'- 'You pay us here a commission on your first year's salary— ten per cent.' 'I am willing to do that.' . 'Sign 'Siis form then. . . there, and a6k -fifty pounds a year.' _ 'Fifyrr-. 'Will they pay so much?' 'W^ell, it is more like a cook's wage than a governess's. 3ujt)lliey want the real article— a ^ordugli'Siay.-- 5' :5Che 'daughter is a bU'nerr vy,' and'they want(3ier shaped. Sou look the kind of woman abi^Io sliape.' ;^ ' s 7/ ? .This 3raS(*aidjIwlifte^ not encourige '..its ecnaiinuaiiee. -?:igiiisj$rawstaot fnonv :%^^^^p^v:^^^bTgaLr0^i^maa.: ?use. y .lSe^9pp^ttc^«g^^iibTsad^:K|ij;^.-J '- '?Step ^ this '^way^^e sajdjas h^opeitta ihe. door of the ^aiflng-rqpm., f And ili^Syiefctear entered!; ; *$$& :'Ss £ne of ihe goyema&ies;, nay lady? -.'itliei^bra^'bn'le, Has not amvedgy^t- ;®pJi, wilt I ^^^f^^-^t-'^^^^':^9W^0^^': ^e.|iaTO^i^^^ibwMfl^6f~t|te'.g^^ttaice: ? or slier ^^^^SLgf^l i^toa^Be':Scomes:;'^oi*B -Wi!3£ ?-3toP33^^5eS^5^mj^^tt^dF-'Njbi^4^^P'a: satisfaction given1 her. .;?;. ^^ 'Her:;t&nns4-sttlVasks; fif^ poundsVaie ;perhapsca ^trifle high;!; but In these days, niy ladjv a good' article commands a higj figure. Lady Norwood. was paying as much, and but for her tour abroad Miss We^j: car would not acw. be attifierty. We should be able ...tp: supply your needs at';a much lower salary;' tiui not .with such a strong ^^recommend- ation as in this 'case: I'll leave you now; pet-'* fcaps you. rW^uld like to question Miss Westcar, lnyJaay.' ' . ? ??' --.?? : And he went out of the room, leaving an/at-, mosphere of lies behind Mm. ' lie did not usu ally speak so; but he was in a hole through; the non-posting of the letters, and he filled the hole up that way. Few men in a difficulty hesitate ai a lie to get themselves out of it— it- is so easy. Miss Westear was questioned and crossques tioned, but «he came out of the ordeal with colors in the wind. It has been said that ehe was an excellent actress. That quiet, com posed, refined face of hers was a mask. Be- ' hind, there were brains-^shrewd, keen, calcu lating intelligence. In a match of wits she must needs conquer. The 'battle is ever to the strong. The two ladies were charmed with her. Lady Norwood's testimonial was accepted without a shadow of suspicion. Could Miss Wes:car commence her engagement at once? Yes. They had come up by the morning express, and were returning by the 2.15 train from Water loo. Could Miss Westcar manage to catch that? Yes. ' That was so nice, then, because they could travel down by the same train, and the broug ham would be waiting for them at Graynewood Station. The Hall was some way away from the railway, and vehicles difficult to get at so small a wayside' place. Miss Westcar would not fall, would she? No, she would not. And she did not. She fetched li&r; portman teau from the cloak-room, and was at Water loo Station with the Graynewood label on it before the appointed time. So she travelled down with two members' of the Graynewcod family — so she entered the Grayne household. CHAPTER IV.— A GHOST OF THE DEAD PAST. There were two nephews living at Groyne. Hall, both reading for the Bar. After tlie manner of nephews in fiction one was good and one was bad; and by the same rule Uncle Sir George favored the bad one. Truth is just as strange as fiction. It is as well to label these two boys. Reggie Grayne. dark, passionate, hasty, and yet as geod-liearted a fellow as the County of Sussex contained; Ashley Grayne, fair, smoothion gued, and cool- teinpereuY a man who could smile and smile and be a villain still. Pettish Sir George favorod the hypocritical, suave Ashley, and favored his attentions to his step-daughter, Vere. ? But Ashley found no fa vor in Vere's sight. She was a simple girl, but she -saw through his character— saw that the money her mother would, leave her was the basis of his affection for her. Money often is the foundation-stone a man erects his tem ple of love on; that is why the altar fire so fre quently expires. Handsome, wilful Reggie, her old playmate— for the last few .years of their girl and boy hood had been spent together — she loved with all the intensity of her heart and soul. But he was not aware of it. Vere wore not her heart upon her sleeve; she did not give her love unsought. And yet Reggie did love her— loved her dearly. ? It had been but boy and girl affec tion, and it would assuredly hav« .developed!, but for one reason— Miss Evelyn We?scar step ped 'upon the scene. And Reggie lost his head —not his heart— over her at once. And it af fected two persons keenly and differently — Vere grieved1, and Ashley rejoiced. It was Ashley's business now to make Yere jealous, a jealous girl often— yes. He rejoic ed exceedingly over the advent of Miss West car; but he was puzzled by It, too. He knew her, had met her somewhere; but where he could not fix. As a matter of fact he had been full of champagne at the time. It is an excellent wine, but it clouds the brain, if over drunk, and youth is apt to drink less wisely than too well. Evelyn recognised him too. They were in troduced at dinner oh the first day of her in stalment at Grayne Hall, and when she saw his look of curious, half- doubtful recognition, her heart sank. But she braved it out. She remembered the circumstances 'under which she had met him; it seemed possible that he had forgotten, or he would have been more, very much more surprised at seeing her there. The buoyancy of her heart brought it to the surface again. After dinner Ashley sought her side, and said: 'Miss Evelyn, I seem to remember meeting you before.' ' 'Indeed!' in a tone of surprise. 'Where?' 'Ah, that is what is puzzling me. And I do not remember your name even. Where is it possible I could hare met you?' 'If you are a friend of Lady Norwood's, it may have been there. I was her companion for some yeaos ? ' 'Lady Norwood? Do not know her— never met her in my life.' 'Then,' accompanied by a gentle smile, 'I think you must be mistaken.' I led a very quiet life with Lady Norwood, who was an in valid, and1 has been ordered a long tour abroad. It is not likely that I can have met you any where.' ? . ? .; ...4 . .... 'And yet I seem to have a picture of you in my mind.- I seem to see you in evening' dress, with a glass of champagne in your hand, sing ing. 'Ta-ra-ra ? ' X)h, pray forgive me! I meant nothing offensive. Please, please re sume your seat. Let me assure you, Miss Westcar, I did not mean to be rude. Let us drop the subject. I made.. a mistake in think ing we had met before. Pray accept my apo logies!' . \ *.: (To be continued.) 