QEM-CUTTINO. Tn» catting and polishing of gems forms the ohief industry of the little principality of Birkenfeld, among the hills of the Nahe River. It is strange that snob an industry should flourish in the little villages of this principality, and give employment to 5000 persona far away from railway communication and from the sources of ?apply of the raw material. An improved factory system (says the American consul at Mayence) is gradu- ally superseding the laborious methods of former times ; bat there are still many of the old works which bear witness to the lives sacrified in the industry. The agate quarries have been long exhausted, and the raw material, as well as amethyst, jasper, opal, topaz, ¿c., has since 1884 been imported mainly from Brazil, whence it is sent to Birkenfeld to be oat, shaped, and polished for the jewellery trade of the world. In a. rude hut by a stream which famishes the power four large grind- stones, about 4 ft. in diameter, are so fixed that their axles are only about 1ft. above the floor, in which ajslot is cut, so that part of the; grindstone is below ita level. This lower portion passes through the water, thoa keeping the stones con- stantly wet. The workman has a bench or block of wood, about 13in. high, hollowed out to receive his chest and body. On this be lies at fall length, and with his fingers holds a small piece of stone to be cut against the grindstone, slightly above the level of the floor. In this position the men lie from morning until hight, day after dar. Consumption usually carries them off at an early . age, but others are ¿ound to take their places, aa the earnings are comparatively high. -London Evening Netos. J I While tho -will of a rich Swiss gentleman named Gehrig waa being read before his Borrowing relatives in Geneva recently, the " deceased" walked into the room. The assem- bly, 'taking him for a ghost, fled in all directions, and it was with the greatest difficulty that he was enabled to explain that he had not been drowned, as had been reported, bat was called away on important business, which had kept him some time. 