8ERMON BY THE KAISER. [By the Berlin Q»re»andent of 'Daily BERLIN. August 2. On Sunday morning last, as the Imperial yacht Hobenzollern lay before Heligoland with the Kaiser and Kaiserin on board, a r»li-rimii ni-rvie# vat conducted bv Hi* Ma lestv wbicb made a deep impression on those present. The Kaiser took for his text Exodus xvii. II— 'And it came to pass, when Moses held up his hand, that Israel prevailed; and when he let down his band, Atnalek pre railed.' It was the seventh sea sermon which tbe Kaiser has preached. Its tub ject was the sacred duty and sacred power »t intercession. His Majesty began— 'The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, the love oi God, and the communion, of tbe Holy Ghost be with us all. Amen.'* He then read the text. AMALEK1TES IN ASIA.. 'It is a striking picture,' began the Im perial preacher, 'which our text point-!. Israel is wandering through the wilderness from the Red Sea to Mount Sinai, but .sud denly tbe heathen Amalekftes meet them in the way, and will hinder their passage, and it comes to battle. Joshua leads the young men of Israel in the fight, swords clash, a hot bloody struggle begins in the valley of Rephidim. But while the battle rolls to and fro. those holy men of God, Moses, Aaron, and Hur, ascend to the summit of the bill. They raise their hands aloft to wards heaven. They are praying. Below in the valley the battling host, above on the mountain the praying best— that is the sacred battle picture of our text. Who does not to-day understand what it says to us? Once again has the heathen (pint of the Amalekiic-s been raised in distant Asia. With great power, much cunning, with des truction and murder, it will dispute tbe way to European trade and European cul ture, will dispute the victorious march of Christian customs and Christian faith, and again is heard God's command, 'Choote us out men, and go out, fight, with Amalek.' 'The hot, Msguinary struggle bas begun. Already a numtier of our brethren are over there in the fire, many more are travelling to tbe hostile coasts, and you have seen the thousands who to the call 'Volun teers to the front! Who wfll guard the Empire?' have assembled themselves to bat tle with victorious banners. But we who remain at borne are bound by other sa cred duties. Do you not hear God's call which comes to you— 'Ascend to the moun tain, raise thy hands aloft towards hea ven. 'The prayer of the righUou* man availeth much, if it is earnest.' There in tbe distance, tbe embattled hosts-; here at home the hosts of praying people. That is the sacred battle picture of our day*. THE -SOLDIEB'S NEED. 'In this quiet morning hour we are re minded of the sacred duty of intercession, of the sacred power of intercession. It is certainly a moving moment when a ship with young soldiers on board lifts the an chor. Have you not seen tbe eyes of the soldiers shine? Have you not heard their thousand-voiced hurrah? But when the home coasts have vanished, and have been exchanged for the glowing heat of the Red Sea or ocean storms, how easily do fresh ness and enthusiasm vanish! A proud mo ment when after a prolonged voyage the clear lines of the German forts are seen in the distance, when the black, white, and red flags of the German colony are visible, and brothers in arms stand on shore jubi lant to receive them! But then come weary marches under a burning sun, a bivouac at nights in rain. How easy joyousneHs and power are crippled. It is a longed-for mo ment when at last the battle-drum beats for the attack, the trumpets sound for the fight, wh«n the command is heard, 'Charge the enemy!' But when amidst the thunder of cannon and the sputtering of shell com rades are falling right and left, and the enemy's batteries will not yield, how easily the bravest heart may quake- In order that our brothers may continue happy out there in moit bitter necessity, in order that they may be faithful to their most difficult du ties and uninjured in extreme danger, they require| more than munitions and sharp weapons, more than youthful courage and burning enthusiasm— they require blessing from on high, and power 'for victory from above, otherwise they can gain nothing. It is only prayer to whieh this heavenly world will open. Prayer is the golden key to the treasury of our God. He who possesses this key bas also the promise— To him who asks it shall be riven.' THE 'MAILED FIST.' 'Woe unto us if we remain slothful, sluggish, while they are engaged in their difficult bloody work, if from our place of security we only curiouslv look on while they wrestle in battle. That would be Cain's attitude with its horrid 'Am I my brother's keeper?' That would be heart lessness towards our brave brothers risk ing their lives. Not only shall we mobi lize battalions of troops; we shall alxo set in motion an army of praying people, to beg and entreat for our brethren that they may be tbe strong arm to punish the as sassins — the mailed fist to strike into the tvild chaos. With sword in hand, may they strike for our most sacred possessions. It is thns we would accompany them with our prayers on the stormy seas, on their marches, amidst the thunder of cannon, in the quiet of hospitals. We would pray that God the Lord will make ibem strong and manly at their post, that they fight like heroes undaunted, that tfcey bravely and quietly bear tbe pain of their wounds, that He may give those who fall in the fire a blessed end and reward of their fidelity —in short that He may make heroes ol our men, lead those heroes to victory, and then, with laurels on their helmets and an order on their breasts, that He may lead them home to the land of their father*. THE POWER OF PRAYER. 'What does our text say? TVhile Moses held up his hand, Israel prevailed.' The earnest prayers of a Moses blunted the swords of the enemy, they struck like a wedge into the battle ranks of the enemy, made them waver, and secured the victory for Israel's fluttering banners. If, there fore, Moses's prayers wrought this result, shall our prayers fail? God has never yet revoked a single syllable of His promises. Earnest prayer can still to-day cast the dragon banner in the dust and plant the banner of the Cross on the walls. Moses docs not stand alone with his intercession. Yonder on the heights of Sodom stands Abraham interceding with bis God for Lot in the burning city. Shall our prayers not succeed in delivering our fighting comrades from tbe fire of battle? In Jerusalem the young Christian community is on iU knees praying. Their leader, their father, lies in prison. Their prayers summon the Aneel of God to the prison, and Peter is led forth unharmed. Shall not our prayers havt the same power to-day to burst open the doors for the oppressed, for the impri soned, for tbe persecuted, and to summon theangeU to their side? Yes; the God of old still lives, t:ill reigns, the Holy God who cannot permit the tri umph of sin and wickedness, bnt leads His righteous cause against a wicked people— the Almighty God against whom the strongest walls are as spiders' webs, who can scatter the hughest masses like heaps of sand— the merciful, faithful God who bears the weal and woe of His people in His Father's heart, who hears every sigh, and sympathizes with every grief. Pious prayer opens His Father's hand, and it is filled with blessing; earnest prayer opens His Father's heart, and it is full of love. True continuous prayer brings God down from heaven, and places Him in our midst; and if God be for us, who can be against us?' THE COifl.Nfi FIGHT. 'High up in ancient towers hang strange bells; they are rung by no human hand, they hang still and dumb when tbe sun shines, but when the norm wind comes they swing and ring out, and their loud clanging is heard far below in tbe valley in every human heart God has hung the prayer bell in sunshine and happiness. How often does it hang there muie? But when storm wind of necessity breaks out it be gins to sound. Necessity teaebe* prayer, just as it docs at home. May tbe earoes: days which arc upon us, the war clouds which gather over us, set the prayer bells swinging. Let us pray for our brothers in battle; and that not only in 'ceremonial hours, but also truly. Jnrt as our fathers every evening in wartime rang the bells uncovering their head* and praying, 'Abids with us, Lord Jesus Christ, now it is even tide,' so let us every day remember our in tercessory prayer. Moses held up his hands until the ran went down, 'and- Jwhna dis comfited Amalek with the edge of his sword.' Our fight will not be finished in one day, but let not ouvnands grow weary or sink until victory is secured. Let our prayers be as a wall of fire round the camp of our brethren. And how will this thought strengthen, encourage, and inspirit them, that thousands— ay, millions!— at home bear them on praying .hearts. The King of all Kings summons volunteer* to the front Who will offer prayer for the Em pire? If it only could be here as it once was, The King called and all came'— 'He is a man who can pray.' History will some time describe the battles of these days, but man only sees what is before his eyes; he oan only say what the wisdom of leaders, the courage of troop*, tbe sharpness of weapons has done. But eternity win reveal , more, eternity will show that the secret prayers of righteous men were a 'great power' in these struggles, will reveal the fulfilment of the old promise, 'Call upon Me n trouble, and I will deliver thec' There Eon pray continuously.' The Kaiser thea offered an impassioned Hirer, concluding with the Lonrs Prayer o4felWKd&i0A; . 