LITERARY QOSSIP. -«, James Lane Allen, the author of those de- lightful books, " A Kentucky Cardinal," aild " The Choir Invisible," is at woilc on another novel, and thoso who have read the story In manuscript aver that it Is the best thing ho has done yet. The volume, at present, is entitled " The Reign of Law : A Story of the Kentucky Hemp Fields," and IJ concerned with the spiritual strufegl^ and honest doubt of a young Kentucky stu- dent, As a backgiound Mr. Allen has Included a vivid picture oft the rise and fall of the unfoitunato Transylvanlan Uni- versity. If critics are righi, and James Lane Allen has never done anything botter than he has put into this latest îomunce, then prospectivo readeis may expect a veri- table treat. Mr. Allen Is a writer one can always trust Implicitly. It speaks well for the excellence of De Foe's " Robinson Crusoe" that, at this ago of abundance of literary pabulum for chil- dren. It still seems to be the favourite "book for tho young." " The Daily News" in- stituted a competition for books, " suitable for the young readers," and tho romance of 'Alexander Selkirk heads tho list. But new- er men ai o creeping up slowly. Lewis Car- roll is evidently a piirao favourite with the younger generation, and Rudyard Kipling has an honourable place In a list of a hun- dí ed representativo books for children. Of all his stories, however, the " Jungle Book" holds first place. " Captains Oauiageous" is evidently " too filthy technical," as Stalky once put it, for the average boy to appreciate It. Sir Edward Clarke in a recent spee;h took it upon himself to lefor to what he termed " the degradation of present-day literature." He affirmed, old- fashlonedly, that the com- positions of contemporary poets aie humili- ating to one who has loved the works of Lytton, Thackeray, Browning, Tennyson, and others. He thought the MSS. of Swin- burne's '"'Rosamund" should have been burnt Instead of printed, and he conäldaiet Kipling's/ -"Stalky and Co." " a specimen of the degrading state to which present-day literature has sunk " He advised parents to keep their children, to tho delightful works of a bygone day, works which never died, and which always brought their intel- lectual reward. Sir Edward Clarks has evidently not yet rîcovnred from the temper into which the request of his constituents for his resignation has thrown him. Herr Gustav Frey tag, whose name is ( not unknown even in far-off Australia, has some good, if pessimistic, advice to aspiring novel- ists, contained in a letter to a young student friend, and published in " The Frankfurter Zçitung." In the course of it he says: " Even ii you possessed the greatest poetical poWecTond'-a* talent for ,narratlve as great ad ¿hat of Sir Walter Scott, Dickens, and others of the best, you ought- not at present to think of putting your scientific studies in the background. . . . You must first, by Berious woik, and the position it may make for you among your fellowmen, ripen to manhood, and you must gain a certain mas- tery over lifo before you can have the right to idealise In an artistic work the fate of man. ... In the empty and unceitaln existence of an ' author' you will only leam to know the time Imperfectly, and from, the wrong ^side. . . ". A& a young author you would, after a half-success only be able to gain a- tolerably socure place as a journalist, a profession very unfavourable to artistic creation." There is much moro to the same effect, and, though many will Join issue with Freytag on several points, he gives wholesome counsel to enthusiastic youngsters, who Imagine that a pen, paper, and a facility for expressing themselves are all the ingredients of success. Rudyard Kipling Is an author, but appa- rently ho is by no means an orator. The Navy League recently arranged an evening' meeting at Rottlngdean, whereat Kliftin spoke. When he appeared his village friend cheered lustily, aijd the gi eat man blushed Uko a girl. As'he walked to the footlights he was as white as a ghost, and " spoke his piece," Which ho had evidently learnt by rote, at a tremendous pace. After he had ooncluded he jumped off the platform, sat for a few fidgeting minutes, and then hurried from the room as If he had a train to catch. While he was making his ápeech he fixed his eyes on a spot on the opposite wall, and never moved head or hands from " Ladies and Gentlemen" to the conclusion. The Rottlngdean people seem to very fond of him, and he appears to enjoy s yarn 'and a smoke with the villagers as well as any- thing. As a guest of the Authors' Club recently Dr. Conan Doyle was particularly happy in his cheery, optimistic way of appreciating the situation in South Africa. Of the war itself he had nothing but good to say. He had seen more positive virtue in England during the first month of the war than during the whole forty years of his life. Kruger had solved a question which every statesman had found indissoluble. Ho would Uko to build a monument to Kruger the size of St. Paul's, and he would write across it " To the me- mory of the man who federated the British Empire," which sentiment agrees cuiiously enough with that of the Bishop of Brisbane, who stated, when Interviewed on his »eturn from England, that Kiuger should be awarded a gold medal for having done more than any other man in binding the consti- tuent parts of tho Empire closely togothor. The fast that Mario Corelll has written nothing slftco tho death of Elie Mackay gave opportunity to somo people to assort that the poet occupied tho position of " jackal" to her " lion." The Insinuations are, how- ever, now to be proved false, and the an- nouncement of her new novel has already been made. The reading public aie kept in the dark concerning the subject of the plot, and are only assuied that "It will bo of the highest interest and importance," and is expected "to be one of the most wide- ly read and discussed books/Of tho last ten years." In a letter to her publishers the impulsive aubhoress states that tho manu- script will be handed over to ,them early in the spring, so that tho Australian admirers of Marie Corelll need not expect the novel until the mlddlo of the year at the earliest. Following aro a few Interesting Items of book news :-Anthony 'Hope Is making gocd progress, with hl3 new novel, " Tristram of Brent," which will appear as a serial in one of the illustrated magazines this year. -?Mrs, Coulson Kernahan has written a tew bools, " Quits," which John Long will mt on the market shortly.-"Maxwell Grav" (Miss Tuttlett) has collected some of her short stories uuder the general title of " The World's 'Mercy."-Fiona Macleod has followed her example, and called the result- ant book, " The Divine Adventure."-J. S, Fletcher, the agricultural novelist of Eng- land,, has completed a new novel, to which be has given the title, " Tho Hafvesteis "-. A Parisian daily paper at present running one of Rudyard Kipling's 'books as a feuil- leton, Will succeed It with " Toss."-0. W. Steevems did not apparently finish " John King" before he died, and tho world has therefore lost a good novel, as well as a i good writer. A scientist has discovered that the plas- tering in the walls seriously .affects the acoustic properties of a room. For intibance. any admixture of sand wi-bh the plaster spoils the reverberation of musical tones. The 'best results are obtained, ho sayo, by using pure gypsum that has (been heated to a white heat, y 