THE GHOST OF AIRLIE. A SPECTRAL DRUMMER. Who heard the ghostly drummer of Cor tachy Castle beat the death-roll of the late Earl of Airlie. His spectral tattoo is ever the herald of death to the heads of the Ogilvys. In bygone times there was the drummer who drummed for the "Bonny House of Airly." The wretched player offended the earl of those days and was tied up in his own drum and flung from a high tower. After vainly pleading for his life the poor little drummer threatened that his ghost should haunt the family for ever and ever. Legend has it that generation after generation the dead drummer has sound ed the last post for Earl and Countess of Airlie, and the roll of his drum has through the long centuries blanched the In 1845 a visitor at Cortachy was dress ing for dinner. A tattoo was beaten be neath her window. The lady listened in surprise, for as far as she knew there were no bandsmen at the castle. Going down to dinner she said to her host: "W'ho is it that plays the drum so skil fully outside the castle?" The earl turned pale and shivered. The countess could not hide her fear. The face of every Ogilvy at the table was deadly white. Within a week the coun tess lay in her shroud. The drummer was the spectre of Cortachy Castle. HEARD IN TIIE NIGHT. A few years later a young Englishman who was to shoot with Lord Ogilvy, the eldest son, at the Tulchan, a shooting lodge at the head of Glenshee, missed his way. The night was wild, and darkness had long set in before he saw the lights of the shooting lodge. Then up.the glen came the long roll of the drum. There could be no mistaking it. Who could be playing out of doors on such a night, he asked Lord Ogilvy. "Silence," was his only answer. It was the dead drummer of Cortachy Castle. The Earl of Airlie died in London within less than a week. When the father of the Earl of Airlie who fell in South Africa last Monday died, it is said that the drummer did not sound his drum. It may be true. Per haps he has not beaten it on this occasion. But the countryside will not be denied its ghost, and it may be that we shall soon hear that the spectral drum was heard at Cortachy the day before the gallant cavalryman fell in South Africa. -"Daily Mail." 