THE END OF THE SESSION. Whoa the present session of Parliament met over live months ago, tho Premier an nounced that it..,wns his intention to close it not later than the end of- November. Spe- cial reasons were given for fixiug that limit' and they were -generally accepted as suf- lieiont. The House, therefore, knew how' much time it liad ait Its disposal, and under stood what the consequences of dilly-dally ing over its work would he. Iu any case, it would be too late to make amends for any l-c- missuess of that kind now. The allotted span Is Just 011 completion, and it remains for tlie Government (o stand by their ori ginal arrangement, which requires the clos ing of the session, by the end of next. week. On tlie whole, all sect ions of tlie House have shown a reasonable disposition to assist in putting tlie session to practical account. The Government have liad a loyal support from their own side, and no unfair obstruc tion fi'0111 the Opposition. At tho com mencement of the session, 011 the Address- iu-lteply, Mr. Itcid tried liis strength, found it wanting, and quietly gave up The ghost. Tills Government have, therefore, lnul noi time wasted in combating vain censure: motions, wliilc in the matter of adjourn ments, the House has not exceeded ordinary limits. It has been a smooth-water session nil through, and 011 the whole very fair pro gress lias been made. Tlie record of work is one which rellects 110 discredit ou any part of the House. There still remain, however, a few essential measures, which it would be a misfortune to let drop, and a special effort is now required to carry these into law be fore closiug time. Tlie way to do tills is for the Government to admit; no fresh business 011 tQ tlie already over-loaded paper, pick out from1 the inchoate mass of bills those which they intend to pass, announce tlie dale at. which the prorogation will take place, and throw upon tlie House tlie responsibility of dealing with tliem within the available time, or answering for the consequences. Unless decisive action of this kind is taken, there is imminent danger of the precious remain der of tlie session being cut 10 waste. Members are oven now talking about sit ting 011 into next month until matters in which this one or that has a special interest, are dealt with. If the House remained lu session till Christinas, there would ho some innocents to slaughter, so that dragging out tho time will not relieve the Government of this disagreeable duty. Indeed, the chances are that tlie list of (lie inevitably doomed would be as long then as it is now. For if it is understood that the session may be pro longed, the demand for new bills of all sorts will bo pressed, and taking flic history of tlie past few weeks as a criterion, tlie con gestion of futile business will increase. II: is to obviate this that the date of prorogation should ho announced and adhered to. No body, said the leader of the Opposition tho other night, is anxious l'or tlie session to close but Ministers, Nobody else is respon sible for the work that, lias to lie dime after wards, consequently those who glibly talk about working on till Christmas are in a different position. If tlie House would take the responsibility of saying that there should be no Commonwealth demonstration, there would be some consistency In such talk, hut those members who are loudest I11 denying the necessity of closing the session, in order to admit of the occasion being celebrated iu a manner worthy of the colony, would be the first, to afterwards blame the Government, if such was not done. The matter, there fore, has to lie looked at In a practical light. No Government can put niiirn than seven days into a week, anil ill law-making It is a false economy to try to put two days' work into one. H: is such legislation that, provides future work for tlie law courts, and which takes afterwards more time to amend than it took originally lo pass. Let the Govern ment name the date at which the session must, close, and do all that fairly can he done within that time. If tliey are obstructed, tlie responsibility will lay with those wlio raise the obstruction. 