WHO WAS THE ASSASSIN? BY EDGAR PICKERING, f Atrthor oi "A Stoat English Bowman," &c.; CHAPTER XVI. Witih the blood flowing quickly from his gashed arm, Dick hung above the dread abyss, clinging to the branch which he had. seized and knowing that any moment it mis^ break. Abare him soared an eagle circling in the yellow eky, w amd again sweeping past the face of the predprioe, nearer each rtime. How low? be had held on in that awful position, he could not have told, for all his faculties centred on that dragging branch. When that gave way, tbie end of all his troubles and sorrows would come, and he began -wondering what the drop into epaee would be like. Then a cry from above made him bend his head to get a glance upward, and Teresa was seen, on the edge of the path. • How Dick regained a place of, safety Jie could never say exactly, wot be did so after a struggle that seemed -to last for hours, and vet was over in a minute. Teresa, h&d; stretched over tbte verge of the .precipice, and he had clutdisd bar extended arm, and in some fashion scrambled to the path, where be staggered to the rock on the other side, seeing Teresa mistily. It wag ahe who had saved his life; she who had wstaMOTM Ms encounter with Fairianto Anigta, who, as the Englishman. feQ, had disapp "Ri? 'By i'(«n>i jove! You're a plocky plucky girl," lie said, recovering himself. "FI1 th"^-' you presently. Get that case out of my : pocket. ' The one I used yesterday. I most stop-, this confounded bleeding somehow*" . Witih a quick perception: of . the emergency, Teresa, took out the case of instruments and dressings from Mortimers pocket and ojxnied it - "It's a. nuisance "that it's mv right arm," growled Dick. "Uncork that little bottie," and hepoinlfced to one •that held a restorative. Then he bid her poll off his coat and rip his shirt steeva exposing the deep gash from 'which the blood -wieHed Taoie slowdjnow, and he looked grimly at it, "I can help you," said Teresa- quaetly, as e _ bound lier handkertiHef . .rpinvd tire wound. "Tell me what to do." You're a pluckier wonnian. tHwi Tv» met in Corsica'yet," he-answered. ''No. -He handkerchief won't stop the bleeding. Get a stone, put it on my arm—there—now tie the handkerchief so thai it presses the stone," and she followed' bis inritrucfetoiis deftly, the flow of Wood ceasing-as the pressure came on the brachial artay. He had been too oooopied, too greatly concerned by the events of die past qnaxter of an hour, to give modi faeed to his preserver, but as she tied tbe kmA m tile handkerchief, holding one end-iof it beifcsreen her white teeth <to get a firmer grip <xa tJje stone, Mortimer oast an admiring gfctmue into her face, noting its clear beaofcy and purity. There was a sodden gush, of deep gratitude in his heart tbait words could have but ill-expressed, and the keen appreciation that oniv a toa-ve true nature can feel for ibravery in others. And there in the glaring sunshine, amid eternal qniet otf the mountains, Teresa and lie stood alone as far away from the wwdd piiacticafly as the circling eagle that had just sailed majestically'to its eerie, she-waiting for whatever he migrh-t need of help from. her. "Get out a needle and some eilk," he said, and I'll make drift to put a stitch in this cut that Mr. Arrighi has given me." "But you cannot use your left hand," replied Teresa, as she threaded a needle. Let me do that." 5 i "It will want a little courage. You've never sewn flesh." "I have the courage," she answered, showing her white teeth again. "And I understand." • • "'Very well, don't go too deep—two stitches will suffice," and he held out his arm, Teresa never wincing from her task, and in a moment or two she had drawn the edges of the ugly wound together, afterwards dressing it as Mortimer directed her. "I shall never forget this day," he said, when the operation was over. "I don't exactly know what name to call you, Teresa, but you're the kind of woman that heroines are made of," and at this she laughed cently. "I feare/1 for your safety, and) followed you. Fahiano is a. coward, and fled when I called out." She had taken the handkerchief which covered her glossy -hair, making a s'ing in which Dick rested his wounded arm. "To say that I'm very, very grateful, Teresa,"' he said, "doesn't express half my feeling. You've saved me from a. -horrible death, and have done me a service that not many women would have had nerve to do. You' shant' fiud that I forget, but Td best be getting down into the town now. Follow the directions I've given you about Cesario. and I'll come up here -to-morrow. He will recover, I promise' yon that. And I must find out some way T>y which I can repay you for your courage and kindness." "It is sufficient that you are alive," answered Teresa, letting her gentle eyes rest their glance on his face for an instant. Hien without another word, she turned away, going up to the hut, and he slowly down die path into Bastia. He had meant going tip to the goatherd's hut next day, but his wound was too painful to allow of his doing so. A burning fever consumed him. and although he tried to rise from his bed, the attempt failed. He lay parching with thirst, waiting for the arrival of the woman servant to lier usual duties, but-there was a relig'ou? festivial going on, and die had failed to put in an appearance. He was only able to stagger into the sitting- room and get some lemon-id?, after which, tlie bours went past in a confused way, and towards night he became delirious. He had had an indefinite idea of preparing some remedies for himself, but it was impossible to collect his thoughts sufficientlv, and he lay tossing, until a ghost ridden sleep came, in which he was struggling on the mountain path again, watching a circling eagle with a mute horror that he could not escape. Through the hot night he lay, until the dawn was creeping into the room, making familiar objects take strange shapes and meaning, and presently all sense of time or place went from him. Dick opened his eyes with a consciousness that some one was in th° room. There was a delicious cool feeling on his forehead and a. fan was waving the air over his face. He was sensible now. and lookine up he saw Teresa, who was by the side' of the bed. "By .Tove!" he said, softly, "I wonder how long this sort of thin<r has been going on?"' Then aloud, "Teresa." "Ye.-. I am here." "If vou'll kindly explain," said Dick; "I'TB an idea, ithat I've been ill. "Yes. You have been lying ill for two davs. IjOtvger than that, for it is. tte afternoon of the third day jstnoe yon visited Cesario." • , "I wonder where T'vebeen to all that time? My spirit I mean. Now,tell me what's happened." "You did not rrfcum, and I feared that vou were ill," continued Teresa. "'Cesario was better, and a Sister of Mercy had come to the hut -to nurse him. Then I resoJved to so to your hou*>e. You did not know me, and von were alone." "Amd vou've been nursing me!"' exclaim ed Dick/ "Teresa. I shall never be ai»le to show all the gratitude I feel." "And now you are well again," she an-wered. "I must leave you." '•"Fin still very iTL" he replied. "I haven't an ounce of strength to move. Fevers pull a fellow down awfuljv. And I'm thirstier thin I ever was in mv life before." Teresa tflimled. "Paulime has returned. She will nurse you now." "Oh hang Pauline!"' he cried. "Phe hasn't an idea of nursing, and drops all P«rts of things in ray food when I'm weB. Heaven knows what she will do now I'm ill." "But I will enquire every day of PaaEne afr-fr you. I am nefded no longer." "A good sort Paiilina is," grumbled Dick. "She cares no more about me than if I were that tree out there. As to dressing my ami. she hasn't the nerve of a cat." "You can dre-ss your arm yourself now," renlied Teresa, smffing again. "That means that you've been attending to it. I can't say more than 'thank you.' but if you could only know all that my 'thank vou' nwans. Teresa! Have I be?" ramMire; in my talk, whilst the fever was on nre?" "Y'es. You ufitered manv nssmes. One often"r t ln -.m the others." "What was it?" "1 did not heed,"' and a shadow crossed her face. "'Don't you ever belfevo a. wnH any one says when they are delirious. Teresa," he answered after a little p-ius=e. "It's usuillv nothing more than gaih-'iling nons»nse. Still I should like to know that name." "I think." and Teresa spoke verv softly, her eyes downcast, "fhat it was a woman's name^—and that you loved her." "Madge," THck whispered the name to himself, but Teresa heard it, and there was a longer pause than before, ended by her moving to the door. "I hiope yon will be well ajnin soon," fihe said in. a harder tone than she had spoken in yet. "There may he some on* who would grieve after you,'" and then she summoned fch" servant Panlina. whose face like a shrivelW olive, made doubly nleasnnt the mcmnrr of Teresa's as IHek lay helplessly on his hard hed. It was a Hood wf*>k before he wasr able to get ah out. and hip first act .wSR to buv The prettiest trinket, in Bastis. Teresa had t-°ld him" thr name of the street trivr* she lived with the fisherman Xasone and his wife, and thither Did: made his way, purchasing a bonquet as he went. This and the trinket were for Teresa, whom he found busfly employed at. her lace work, whilst the fisherman's wife bustled about the room. There was a troubled look in Teresa's eyes, he noticed, and her greeting was colder than he had expected. Cesario was much better, she told him. and then she glanced at Dick's arm still in a sling. •"Nearly well. Teresa," he said. "You'd make an excellent doctor. See, I've brought you your fee," and he held out the prettypresent he had -brought for her, at eight of which she drew bac^. "No!" she exclaimed. "I need no paying, Signor. I will not take this." "As a memento," he answered. "I have that already," she fcaid. "One that none can ever take from me," and he urged her no more. "But I w-irhave these flowers," continued Teresa. "See, are they not tjeantiful, Mere Seraph ino?" she cried turning to the housewife, who said, "Magnifique! and held up her brown hands in adtairation. "Fabiamo has been in Baetia again," Teresa said quietly. "There is only one way by which I can escape him. I must leave Corsica." "Don't do anything rashly," answered Dick. "There may come a chance for me to help you presently, Teresa/' but she did not reply. (To be continued to- morrow.) 