YOUNG IMEM'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCI.ATIOH. The annual mooting of the Newoastle Young M?en's Christian As ociation was hold last evening in the hall, liuoteo -street WVest. Thle president (Mr. I. Win) oeupiied the chair. There were also present: Messrs. W. Scott, H. Beer, J. Tuinball, O. Croft, R. Lamuont, W. R. Oox, R. M?orison, J. Breckenridgo, O. WillisH, H. b.' h mpson, and tbo secretary (Mr. W. T. Hooker). 'The president said that they had passed through anothor year, blt it. had not been as 5uccessful as it could have been, Tihe sodretary announced that Mr. W. Arnott had undertaken to preasat tihe gone rolreport. But Mr. Arno t had gono on a holiday and taken the report witih him. A satisfactory oevangelical report was read by the ascoretcry. 'I ho report nmade spoeial roeferenceo to RoYv. C. I. Younsno su?ccssful miselon in Newcastle. The expenses of the mission had been more than met, and a balanco devoted tothe fnnd ofI the Y.M1.C.A. The Tuesday evening, Sunday afternoon, and Sunday evening services continued to be suc cesfually conducted. Mr. H. Lamont said that it was gratifying to find that the most illmortant work, the evangelicanl, was being eernestly carried out, and thoeo who did thalt wrork deserved the aseociationc' heartles thanks. Mr. Scott said that although the Y.If.C.A. in Ncwesetlo had got into very low water, there was no intention of giving up the ghost. They would try, by lard and earnest work, to make the preosent year more sune cessful than 1890. Hle way of opanion that the inmo of Mr. Hooker, general .ecretary of the Y.M.O.A., and the eongeulical secretary should have been mentioned in the report. Mr. Thompson desired to Icnow whether the meeting was the annual meeting, seeing that the hon. see., MIr. Arnott, was absent on a holiday and had not furnished the annial report. The president said that it wAe thle annual meeting, as ithad been called as such by advertisement. He regretted that there was not that amount of bahokbone in the ussocia tion that there should be. io appreciated the work done by all who did work. Ae pre sident he had not done very well, but want of time and physiqueo were gniusit him, iad he hoped they would elect nother president. He sincerely hoped that tihe year on which they were entering would i, lv.lesed by a harvest of good resulto. SAsub.committeo, ?'?esrs. Arnnott, Hooker, and Willis, was elected to pr'epro the ropolt for the annual publio mooting Mr. Breokenridge said that if Ithe ovange. listio work was spiritedly kept up the other branoches of the association's work would fall into line and progress also. Mr. Thompson moved that Mr. R. Lamont be secodrded the ausociation's boat thlanks for the work he had done, and was doiig, as in structor in the gymnasium bronch. The motion was carrie d by hearty aeola mnation. Votes of thanks were tendered Misses. Brabham for the colleocting th.y had done for the association. Tie balance-sheet,, wvhich was road and adopted, showed the flnncci,l position of the association to be fairly catifoctlory. The year's income totalled £g70o Is 7d, and the expaenditure £280 is d, showving a loss of £1.1 is 10d on the year's trannections. The fiinacial statement showed that the assooia tion's assets exceeded ito liabilctieo by £5i04 ls 10d, the total assets bheing £1925 16s id. Mr. I. Winn was re-elToCtedl president, but owing to thle qcuestion of thlo constitution being raised the olectaon of other ollicers was not proceeded with. Mr. Brockenridge gave notice of motion '" That the old constitution be revor.ed to." Prolonged diseusdon onsuedl wisth regard to rules and the old and now conatittieas. Mr. Lament: We are talbing aboat rules Mr. President. It is one ot our rules that the association close at 10 n'clook. It is now ten minutes past, iand I imove .That this meeting be adjourncd for a v, cl." The resolution was secondlcd by Mr. Scott, and carried. 'ohu meeting was clled uby tihe pronouncing of the benediction. 