RELIGIOUS. Pirie-street Methodist Sunday-school. — Ihe sixty-third anniversary services were celebrated on Sunday and Monday. The Rf'W 1?. \VlHhprlf»\\* /v%rulnr»f^ l+4fm Tnnrni-n^r service, and in the alternoon the sawed cantata 'The Xew Jerusalem' was ren dered for the first time in the colony by t'be sehojars, and was given exceedingly well. The soloists were Mrs. Uower. Misses Martin, Ran kin. and Maley, and Messrs. W. Gower, W. Kither, and W. Priest. Mr. E. Fewster acted as con ductor, and Mr. XV. B. Ohinner as orga nist. The Rev. Henry Howard preached in the evening to a large audience on the subject of 'What is your life?' On Mon day a public meeting was presided over by the Rev. J. B. Cowperthwaite, B.A. The Secretary, Mr. 0. Tonkin, read the report, which showed tnat the work is car ried on by 23 officers and teachers, 'and the number of scholars totals 302. Mr. W. Maley gave the Treasurer's report, showing balance in hand of £3 17s. Id. Mr. J. IV Kirkman, the Superintendent of the school, gave an address, and the can.-; tata was repeated. Mr. W. M. Oatts at Gwler.— On Sunday evening Mr. W. M. Oatts, the Glasgow Y.M.C.A celebrity, closed a six days' mis sion at Gawler. He went to the northern town, accompanied by his wife, at the in vitation of the local Y.M.C.A., and the ineeting3 Inve been well attended and pro' fitable. The initial gathering mis held in the Institute Hall on Tuesday evening, and tihere were on the platform with Mr. Oatts Mr. C. 11. Annells, the President of the G-awler Y.M.C.A., several ministers of the gospel, a combined choir, and Mrs. Oatts, who rendered several solos. On Wednes day evening the Baptist Church was the place of gathering; on Thursday evening, the Foresters' Hall; and on Friday, Satur day, and Sunday evenings, in the 'institute Hali. On Friday afternoon, at the Fores ters' HaJl, and on Sunday afternoon, at the Methodist Lecture Hall, Mr3. Oatts gave addresses to women only. Mr. Oatts spoke ?to a large gathering of men only at the Institute Hatl on Sunday afternoon. His discourses were impressive, and were lis t^nwl tn -tt'itrn niiuli intm-p-af. Presbyterian General Assembly.— The opening session cf the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of South Australia took place on Monday evening at Chabners Church. The retiring Moderator, Rev. H. I. Hull, preached his annual sermon, talc ing for his text— 'The Comforter, who is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will 3end in My name, shall teach you all things, ind bring all things to your remembrance whatsoever I have said unto you.' The communion of the Lord's Supper was ob served at the close of tive sen-ice, and at this the retiring Moderator presided. Dur ing the evening music was contributed by the Chureh Choir. The business of the Assembly wa,s then proceeded with. The Rev. J. T. Robertson proposed— ''That the Rev. William Gruy, of Jamestown, be ap pointed Moderator for the ensuing year.' Phe Rev. Dr. Paton seconded, and the mo tion was carried.— The Rev. R. Mitchell moved, and the Rev. G. C. Love seconded — 'That the best Uianka of this Assembly be tendered to the retiring Moderator, the Rev. H. T. Hull, for the excellent son-ices ae rendered while at-ting in that capacity.' Thk was also curried, and the Aweinbly then _ adjourned until 10 . o'clock this morning. Woodrille Wesleyan Church. — Annivei ;ary services were held an Sunday, when he Rev. E. T. Cox conducted tihe services. )n Monday evening the tea. and public iteetings were held. At the latter meeting Mr. E. Davey presided over a good attcn Lnee. The Secretary and Treasurer re torted good pregTe.--.=. Receipts 3iad been £326, and exjwnditure, including £315 for tdditions to the orfran, £412. Addresses vere delivered by tiie Revs. R. S. Casely, l\ Piper, and the Chairman. Messrs. G. A. iVillsTTiore and E. E. MitcheD, on behalf of ?lie Church, members, welcomed Mr. Piper o the Circuit. 