THE RHYMER. . BY ALLAN M'AULAY. ' i COPYRIGHT. ' \- . CHAPTER. VI. Ngncy sat up in, bed with a jerk, never less asleep in her, life. : "Now, is there some ghost in this old bar rack?" she. asked; herself. But the sound Was too material, for that; such a hard sob bing never came from ghostly throat. ; "This is intolerable,' muttered Mrs. Ma- clehose; " I cannpt lie and listen to it; 'tis inhuman." She, got out of bed, and slid her feet into little slippers that had high red heels and no,- backs to them. She threw on her wrapper, and taking the rushlight in her hand opened the door softly and listen ed. The passage was dark and cold.. To her left a wooden stair led upwards. From that region the sobbing came. "'Tis some fellow-crcaiure in distress," thought the kind little guest . "Most likely but some ser vant lass in a scrape, and in terror of her mistress; God knows I'd be the same. I'll go up— a. comforting wdrd never came amiss." She, set forth, but the red heels made such a tap, tapping on the bare boards that she was terrified; she slipped off her shoes, and crept , barefoot up the stair. She knocked at the first door she came to, which was the right one. The sobbing ceas ed at once,, but no. one answered. Then she lifted the latch softly, 'and looked in. What she saw was the bare little room with the deep-set window where Alison slept with her little brother. The child's cot was beside her bed, empty, for her mis behavior had deprived her of jacky. Alison sat up in bed, so dazed by the. light that' she could scarcely, see the little figure with bare feet, and in the pink wrapper, with the neat lacy nightcap over, the dark hair; Nancy could much ,more advantageously see a grey-eyed girl whose face was wet with tears, and whose childish curls tumbled 1 about, her neck and ears. "Now, this is no servant lass," said Mrs. Maulehose to herself, and then aloud, "My love, don't be frightened, 1 beg! I, heard someone crying in the night; and thought I might be helpful. If 'tis an intrusion, forgive me, , and I'll go away." Alison stared at the speaker with parted lips. "Who are you?" she murmured. The little lady laughed so.ftly, closed the door gently, and came near, shading the light with her hand. / "You may well ask," said she, "since I. only came to-day I , But tell me first who you are— come!" She "deposited the rushlight on a chair, and plumping herself down on the edge of the bed, drew up her little, bare" feet under her/and peered into, Alison's face with the, most coaxing, the most beguiling air in the world. . "I am Alison Graham," stammered the. daughter of the house! "What! Another 'of them?" cried Mrs. Maeleliose, aghast. "Why, I saw a host — four— five— six; -you're never a seventh, surely?" ' , , "Yes," said Alison, dolorously. "There- are seven of us; I am the eldest." "But you were not there, or spoken of,"- persisted Mrs. Maclehose, scenting a mys tery. "Were you ill, love?" Alison turned her head . away. "No, not ill," she said,, truthful always, "but— but my mother was not pleased with me, and so I was not down the stair." Mrs. Maclehose put a soft little hand under Ali son's chin, and turned the reluctant face towards lier. "Ah, child!" she said; "'tis some love trouble; never , tell me it isn't! Tell me about it, for I am more learned in such than any other' person in the world! I am an old friend- of your mother's, but not so very old. neither, in years, you know; and I am Nancy — Nancy Maclehose, to my sor row. Now, come; out with it; 'tis a love tale — I know!" "If it is," cried Alison, between laughter and tears, but fairly won, "'tis a love tale with no love in it, ma'am!" "The very worst kind of all!" cried the confidante, serenely. "And now, sure, 1 know all about.it without being told! "l'is some marriage they, are forcing upon you for prudence' sake; some suitor— distaste ful,' old, uncouth——" -' "Ah, they've been telling you," mur mured Alison, blushing. "Not a word— I, swear!" cried the viva cious little . lady, enchanted at her own sagacity. "But am, i not. right? A distaste- ful marriage, dictated by prudence; a fond heart that will liage none of it, but faithful to another " "Ah, now there you are at fault," began Alison, nnd then paused; why should she, to a perfect stranger, confess the humiliate ing fact that she bad no lover, and no secret romance? But. her. native honesty prevailed. "There, is no 'another,' " she murmured,, shamefacedly. "Some day there will be,, then!" said Mrs. Maclehose, cheerfully, "and you, be faith ful to him, child!" "Faithful?" cried. Alison, -wide .eyed. "But I've never , seen , him, ma'am; lie doesn't exist." . , - . "Ah! he does exist,/ somewhere— a kin dred spul," said, the romantic visitor, nod ding sagely! "He is only waiting for the chance — the divine; cllanco.". . "I doubt lie .will never ;get. it at The Mains," said the iirosaic Alison. . "Faint heart," cried Mrs. Maclehose. "Believe in Love.the. fireatcsF of all the gods!" . . .. Alison, never- thus adjured before, looked doubtful. A--.' . "My mother and father tell me not to think about love,", ,she siiid, hesitatingly; "they say 'tis a! ''delusion.'"-''' , "They blaspheme/ child!" cried the; visi tor. witli energy!', ; "'Tis love that lias wrought me all tlio woe in my own span of life, God Wot, yet, I believe in liim — believe in him still, -with/all my heart and soul. . . . But tell me, iove," she went on, breaking off in "her rhapsody, "who is it they would tie you to?" "'Tis a Mr. Clieape; of Kincarley, in Fife," said Alison,' banging her head. Mrs. Maclehose u'tter'ed'f a little trill of laugh-' ter. ' ' "Oh, never, never, Mr. Qheape!" she tit tered. "Don't telf me 'tis the inevitable, the invincible, the '/ inveterate Jimmy Clieape. . . '!" : "Then you know him?"' cried Alison, ea gerly. ' ' . ,"r7; : "Oh, Lord, child!" said Mrs. Maclehose, "who doesn't, dear? He has stumped the streets of ' Edinburgh afid every sizable town in 'the country in search of a wife this twenty years and more! Jimmy Clieape! No, Alison (for you'll let me call you Alison? 'I like. you, child, and will love you, I know— 'tis all arranged by our Fates). No, No! 'tis not you tliat are destined for Mr. Clieape; never think it!" "I would not think it, if I conld help it," said the literal Alison. "But 'tis all ar ranged—indeed it, is— and my mother set upon it in lier mind,, and- nothing will turn her." , . ' . '; "I will turn lier!" crfed the lively little grass widow, .w.itb lier,' charming sniile and a (lash of her darkeyes. "Will you?" safd' Alison, solemnly, lean ing forward, ' and ' gazing at her new friend, with devouring, wondering eyes. "How?" A clock struck , 2. It. was a timely di version, and Mrs." Maclehose jumped down from the bed on to lier little bare feet. "Two of the clock!" she cried, "and me with a cold creeping down the spine of my back' like a rill of ice'watcr! I must away to my' bed, love." ' ' "All!" cried Alison", "how selfish of me to have kept you in the cold' room, talk ing." '"Twas I kept myself, dear," said the visitor 'lightly. "Not the first foolish tiling I have -done fin my- life; -or likely to be the last, cither: Will vou call me Nancy, child? Kiss mo good-night." "Sure," cried Aliion, "I think vou are a dream, a fairy or an angel!" The Dream put out its. arms, took Alison's bead into their embrace, and kissed her curls. "We'll meet to-morrow," she sagl, "and then you'll see I'm no dream." Then she paddled over the cold bare boards on those little feet, and casting a last bright look over her shoulder to Alison in the bed, she was gone. Alison 'watched the light in the crack under the door until fit grow fainter and fainter, and then disap peared! Tlieq, not a little comforted, she turned round in her nest, and slept like a child. , Tlie next morning Alison ventured to take her usual place in tlie household, and was met with smiles. ' ' "Now you are come to your senses, ' Alli son," her mother said, "and you will live to thank rr/e that T" showed you the way. See here, now," she went on, "this line Edinburgh .madam that has -come here while you were up yonder has gotten an influenza that' will keep her. in bed , for a week, I'm thinking. Not that I grudge it. her either, for it aye goes clean against the grain wi' me to have sheets, dirtied for pne night; I'd far sooner get . the week's work out o' .thcm.- You must take, madam's breakfast up, though, and make yourself civil, (Ally. She was aye a clever, . going- about body, Nancy, fine and gleg at the. dressing of herself up. 'Tis a God-send her coming now. She'll set us in the 'fashions for your wedding, and show us how to sort my bonny silk." Alison shuddered; but she prepared the tray for the visitor's breakfast, and pro ceeded to take it upstairs, her heart beating fast with curiosity. , Under the flowered curtains of the best- bed a little figure/still huddled in the pink wrapper, was gripped in the aguish shiver ing of an influenza cold.. It started up, however, with unimpaired liveliness when Alison appeared. "Ah, child," she cried, "I knew it would be you! Comeu lot uS look at each other in the broad daylight. Why, what a Juno it is!" looking Alison up and down. "What a great, big girl, to be topped by those baby curls." . " -i - '! Alison came to the bed, pulled the tum bled coverlet straight, nnd shook up the pil lows, with her sensible literal air. - "You are feverish, ma'am," she said, "and shouldn't talk. Here is a' warm slinwl my mother sends to hap about you; and she says, please, will you keep still and warm, and she will bring .you a liot posset pre sently." The invalid laughed in the grave, girlish face. "Oh, Solomon!" she said, "and do you ex pect me to obey your good mother, and do the wise thing at the wise moment? You little know poor Nannie yet. Her dark bright eyes grew full of sadness for a mo ment, and she had tlie air of -some pretty, soft, appealing little animal— a kitten, per- lmps--checked in its play by a hurt., rfI. want to talk," she' said, "to talk;' and talk, and talk. We must, you know, Alison, so as to see how wo are to toutwit Mr. Clieape." ' "When you are better," said Alison, "we will. tall:. I doubt you will hear plenty of Mr. Clieape," she added, soberly. At this moment a diversion occurred of a sufficiently prosaic nature to defer further confidences of a sentimental kind. The driver of the chaise in which Mrs. Macle hose. had arrived the night before sent a message to say that he could wait no longer, but must return whence he came, .and to that end he must be paid. "Here, reach me my reticule, dear," said the invalid to Alison, . and she hunted in the dainty velvet bag for her purse, and in the- purse for the' neces sary coin. This, however, did not appear to be instantly forthcoming. A' slight frown ruffled lier forehead, and the faintest flush rose on her cheek. "'Tis most provoking, Ally," she said. "I have run short. Will you run and ask your father, love, to pay the man for mo, and I will this day write far more money to my .cousin,. Hemes, in Edinburgh, who manages my affaire? You see I trusted' to be back in town immedi- ately, and that's how I've let myself run into so beggarly a stale." She laughed lightly; her embarrassment was gone. Alison duly ran to her father, who paid 2 guineas to the driver, cocking his eye to himself as he did so. "Women's debts!" he remarked within his own mind. "It's little likely I'll ever sec the color of that again." And it may here be mentioned, nsra little matter strictly between liirn and the reader, that he never did. ' ' ' CHAPTER VH. As -the sagacious mistress of The Mains had foretold, the influenza kept Mrs. Macle hose in bed for a week. Fever succeeded ague, and - cold and headache followed in their wake, and it was, ; for some days, a ' very sick little- woman indeed, that tossed and tumbled btween the linen sheets, under the flowered hangings of the best room. Ali son waited upon lier with a patience and-' prudence that had presently their own effect upon the volatile nature of the inva lid; these solid, good qualities in tlie coun try girl seemetl- to, have a singular fascina tion for the little town lady, in whose character, it is to be feared, they were con spicuously lacking. Alison, on her part, felt also curiously drawn to her guest. This delicate little personage, with all her pretty belongings, her petulant temper and pretty ways, was a new type at Tlie Mains. Simple Alison felt it a privilege to wait upon one so fine and dainty. She could lift her in her bed as though she were a child, and both her- tiny hands could lie in Alison's one palm, and bo .'spanned by a finger ana- Unimi). ' And yet Alison felt there were more wits in one finger tip of this lady than, perhaps in the heads of everybody else at The Mains put 'together. Were there not poetry books upon her dressing tdble, and did she not, indeed, Write. poetry herself? Alison had been for one year at a young ladies'., seminary in the:. town- 'of Stirling; but oven the "finish" imparted by this ex perience, could not diminish in her a sense of awe at the literary accomplishments of her- new friend. But I think it was the storming of her confidence in that first night night of their acquaintance that really im pressed Alison with a sense of the new comer's cleverness and power. To the in tensely reserved, there is something almost preternatural in those qualities in another which overcome and overleap that reserve. And then Mrs. Maclehose knew all about Mr. .Clieape. Secretly, but not very hopefully, for Allison's was not a san guine nature, she hoped for deliverance from her threatened bondage, a deliverance that the cleverness of her new friend should effect. ... The first moment she could sit up in her bed, Mrs. Maclehose demanded pens and paper, and said she must write letters. "Could I not write for you any thing that's necessary?" ' Alison asked. "You are still so weak." The invalid shook her head and smiled. "Ally," she said, "you don't know, or you don't realise, I expect, that I'm a mother, and there are my two poor little men all alone in Edinburgh town, wondering what has happened to their mammy." "Your two little boys," cried Alison, eagerly. "I'd like to know about them. Are they bigger than Jacky?" "Lud, child, yes, I should think so," said tlie fond mother/with, perhaps, a slightly discontented air. "Monsters of eight and ten years old. At least, Willie is a well grown monster, the eldest. The younger is small, he's in but a crazy state of health, God help him. I know not what to make of it." She moved uncomfortably in the bed, as if the thought goaded her. "For the bairns, or their servant, J can, I daresay you could scratch me a line, Ally," she went on, "but I've other and more solemn letters in hand. You must know I have one most sapient and noble cousin, Archi bald Herries, a writer to his Majesty's Sig net, who lives in the town, and to him must I render grave and solemn account of myself, with a prayer for moneys, Ally, ol the which I stand in parlous need at the present moment." "To be sure, I could not write that let ter," Alison acquiesced. Her patieilt, with a chin supported on a little white hand, was regarding her attentively. "Do. you know, Ally," said she, "you are father like my cousin Archie yourself, a sort of Solo mon, all the virtues and all the wisdoms and sobrieties combined." "Then you don't seem to like him much," said Alison, with a pout. "May God forgive me for an ungrateful and -most base wretch, if I do not," cried, her. friend, with' unexpected energy. "For of all the debts dependent woman ever owed to protecting man, mine to iny cousin Arclne is tlie greatest. ' I shotild have been in the street and -my poor babes in the glitter long since but for liiin. ' And that's the truth, .Ally, and the plain truth. He who is my natural protector, bound to. me by all the most sacred laws of God and man, cliose to desert me, and leave me to the care, and even the charity, of others. God be the judge between us. I swear I was guiltless in that matter, and indeed guilt has never been imputed to me. Do you be lieve it, Ally?" ' "Sure, I believe- it with all my heart and soul," cried Alison, with kindling ' eyes. , "And there spoke an enthusiasm and a trusting warmth of nature that were never Archie's, dear," said Mrs. Maeleliose, laugh ing once more. "No, you are not like him, love. 'Tis for a coldness of nature, a per petual suspicion that I blame- him. lie's not a kindred soul, and wcPare ever tacitly at war. God knows poor Nancy is no saint. But he misjudges me ever, and the injustice pricks. But there,' ' that's enough. Let me get finished witli this proper, virtu ous, tiresome letter." ' In the long evenings of convalescence this seemingly " ill-assorted pair were drawn closer and closer together in the links of tlicif sudden friendship. "Sing to me as you sing to Jacky, love," Nancy would say, nestling down among the pillows.. And in the gloaming' of the quiet rpom Alison, folding her hands in her lap, would sing in her sweet deep-throated voice those peculiarly poignant ballads of love and longing and loyalty, with which, since the memorable "45," the whole of Scotland was flooded. "Where got you that -trick of song, love," Mrs. Maclehose would ask, sentimentally, "since you suy you have never loved?" . "I had one dozen of singing lessons at the school," replied the ever- practical Alison, "and I bad begun to the harp before I left." "Was it that year of school that made you different to your sisters, think you, Ally?" "Am 1 different?" asked Alison, wonder- ingly. "Oh, I would not miscall the honest lasses," cried Nancy," they are all good and sweet, I am sure. But about you there is a difference — a gentler accent, a shade of softness— I know not what." '"Twas a very genteel school, indeed," said Alison, respectfully. "But it 'was too dear. So I only stayed but the one year, instead of three, anil- poor Kate and Maggie never got at all." "You'd be a treasure with that 'wood- note_wild' of yours to our bard, Ally." "Our bard?" inquired Alison, not at all certain what a bard might be. "Ay," said Nancy, with a kindling eye. "Our bard, but not ours only! The world's .poet — the singer for all time, and for all hearts! Robert Burns. Child, haven't you heard of him, the ploughman poet?" "A ploughman?" said Allison, conjuring up the vision of one Donnld, the ploughman at The Mains, with his stubbly beard and bowed legt. "A ploughman, yes," cried Nancy, "but what a ploughman! He lias had the town at his feet, Ally! From tlie highest to the lowest in the land — all men do .him honor. And as for the women, child, tliey arc ready to kill each other for a glint of his eye. The very duchesses hang about him, nnd there's not a titled lady that will not sorn upon and flatter him to get him to hei tea table. Never has iflie town gone so mad ?-!s|S about a man before." «jSM "And have you often seen him?" asked j|p Alison. .".".49 "To my lasting sorrow and vexation, . '$& never," cried Nancy vehemently; "and, oil, 's|j Ally, 'tis the one burning wish — the long- --SI ing of my heart! And there's that mscn- .-saw sible wretch, my cousin Herries, who has tlie entry almost everywhere the poet goes, and last- winter saw him almost nightly, and lie scorns the privilege that I would a sell my soul for. Him have I plagued, and ; others have I jilagued, to get me known to my idol; but in vain, ns yet. It will coinq, « though! Never was so ardent a wish that did not bring its own fulfilment, ay, and its own punishment too, sometimes," bIio added, with a sudden wistfuluess. "Ally, you never have these passions, these rebel lious cravings, do you, fluid?" "Sure, never," suid" Alison, soberly, "and never would, I think." "But I'm made up of them," cried the little Woman, "and nothing stays me — no scruple, no prudence— when they are hot ; within me. ' Know this of your friend, Ally, arid be warned in time. I wisli you to know me as I really am. Nature has been kind to iric in some' respects, but one essential' she has denied me utterly; it is that instantaneous perception of the ht and unfit, which is so useful in the conduct of life. But you arc rich in this, Ally, and that is why I think that you might he my friend, and sometimes save me from my self." "I will bo your friend," said Alison, softly, "though, sure, there never was a humbler one." Thus would these two swear an eternal friendship, over and over again. Alison heard more, also — hear a great deal, indeed, about the wondrous ploughman poet, whoso image seemed to possess the ardent imagina tion- of her friend. There was a certain little brownish, roughly-bound book amongst those which were wont to litter the coverlet of the best bed. It had a dog's-eared and most ungenteel appearance, but it was the Kilmarnock edition of the poems of Robert Burns, and had' its letters been in gold and its binding of scented satin, 1 it would not, in the then inflamed stale of public adulation of the poet, have been too richly dressed. To the contents ot this little book Alison listened, with a sort of tingling in her blood. She had a nature full of unuttered music, and she had been born nnd bred among those simple country scenes of her native land, whence the poet drew his inspiration. So he became, as he had become to thousands of his. tongue- tied, voiceless, nnd strenuous countrymen and countrywomen, the very mouthpiece of her soul, and thus,! long before a tangled thread from this man's chequered destiny became inwoven with the simple web of her own life, Alison got her first knowledge of Robert Burns. But, in the meantime, the gay little in valid at The Mains, announced heiself cured, and, in a cloud of pink wrappei and enveloping shawl, tottered from bed to the armchair by the fire. . "And, now, Ally," she cried, "now that my spirits are come again, now ioi jour good mother and Mr. Clieape!" - - CHARTER VIII. ' The task which the romantic Mrs Macle hose had set herself in regard to Alison, was one entirely after her own heart She considered herself a postmaster in all things relating to the tender passion; and though she herself had met with signal dis astrous shipwreck amid the shoals of matri- money, there was nothing in life that inter ested her like affairs of the heart. On this occasion, indeed, it was the marring, and not the making, of a match, that she had in hand. But what mission -could be more legitimate, what endeavor more congenial, than that of helping to liberate a young and interesting friend from the horrid bondage of a loveless contract? That the mistress of The Mains viewed the matter from a dif ferent standpoint, she was, of course, aware; in her fertile brain she had arranged a plan of warfare, and AveWto the battle wreathed : , in smiles. The lady of the house herself opened the campaign, by marching into the invalid's room one morning with an armful of silk —the wedding silk, which she spread before her guest. were ay a handy body at the clothes, Nancy , ' she observed. "Now tell me liow to sort this silk for Alison, in the newest modes." . "Alij your lovely Alison — how interest ing," murmured the guest, sweetly. "Alison's well enough," said her impartial , parent coolly. "We think her none so lovely here — a good girl, but homely; none the less likely to make a good wife to an honest gentleman." "To be sure, to be sure," said Mrs. Mac- lehose, in a sprightly tone, "a little bird has told me of that interesting matter." "Then it ncednahave fashed itself," said Mrs. Graham, alluding to the feathered pur veyor of secrets. "For I was fair bursting to speak of it myself. 'Tis a most extraor dinary piece of good fortune to us, this sub stantial offer for a tocherlcst lass like Ali son. I cannot get over it yet myself." "And yet Alison," said . the guest cau tiously, "Alison herself does not speak of the matter with the enthusiasm one ex pects in a young heart on such an occa sion." "Do you gather grapes from thorns or flgs from thistles?" inquired Mrs. Graham, contemptuously. No, nor sense from glnikit lnsscs! Alison's a fool, and docsna ken what's good for her. But—" grimly— "I've been teaching her,, and she'll learn yet." "And the gentleman, ma'am?" inquired Nancy, causally, "I protest i. have hardly heard his name?" "'Tis one most excellent respectit laird," said Mrs. Graham, swelling visibly with the importance of the announcement, "one Mr. Cheape, of Kincarley, in the county of — " But here Nancy broke in upon her with a sharp tittle, which, however, she had the ap pearance of politely suppressing. Mrs. Graham looked at her sharply. "What's wrong'Wi' you?" she sarcastically enquired. < "Oh, la, ma'am, nothing I assure you," said said Nancy, in an obvious struggle with a mirthful tendency, "only Mr. Cheape — ha —ha — " and she tailed off into a giggle. "What dirty gossip o' the gutters ha' ye got about the man?" said Mrs. Graham, with rising anger and a flashing eye, "out with your scandal, if ye must!" "Oh, scandal, lud, ma'am, no!" said Nancy, "Scandal and poor Jimmy Cheape were never named together, only — " —"Only what," cried the irate lady of The Mains, with n stamp of her big foot. "Well,1 ma'am," said Nancy coyly, "I'd sooner bite my tongue out, sure, than that it should meddle with Miss Alison's good fortune. Only, since you ask me, it does surprise me that so distinguished a fumily as Graham of The Mams shouldn't look- liiglier for their eldest daughter thun poor Jimmy Cheape." "A distinguished family," said Mrs. Gra ham, with n mincing mimicry of her guest's tone, "a distinguished family wi' seven daughters has to tnke what it can get. It can ill . afford genteel ideas like yours, Nancy," with somewhat withering signi ficance.' "But what's wrong wi' Mr. Cheape; to your fine notions, may I ask?" "Well, ma'am, since you will have it," said Nancy, with an air of rclucant can dour, "simply that he's the leavings of so many other folk, — that's all." . "Oh, is he, indeed!" said Mrs. Graham, with fine sarcasm. "'Tis so old a tale, indeed," pursued Nancy, pictorinlly, "that it stretches back clean' and away beyond my poor memory. But' even to my knowledge, Jimmy Cheape lias been the rejected of ladies more than I can count, and such an are not worthy to tie the shoes of Miss Alison." -."Oh, ay!" commented Mrs. Graham, with a vicious eve upon her informant. "Well?" "There was Jenny M'Lure," continued Nancy, with a reminiscent air. "All of one winter ho was after her, not that she would look at him though, and the whole town laughing and looking on. And then there was Molly Bnleny— she might have had him, for she was near 40, and no beauty, but she put him to the door too. And there was Jean M'Gregor, the cutter's daughter, you know, .in Nichol-strect; a fine dance she led him, the hussy — for, after all, a laird was a bit of a string to her bow. But, of course, she gave him the gOi by in the end, and, in my opinion; she was heartless in the way she held up an old man like that to be the gist of the town; 'twas no womanly be havior. And there were others, I assure you; he's been 011 his knees to some girl or another in the public park,- 'twas. the sea son's great joke, but I forget her name. 'Tis not that lie's wicked; or a man of ill con duct in any way, ma'am — but lie is so comi cal, and no woman will marry a man that is a laughing stock." ' "Will she no?" said Mrs. Graham, with a darting eye. "But some'll take a wnstrel, and no be able to keep" him when they've got him!" Nancy winced visibly under this vigorous blow, from no uncertain arm. "My woman!" her hostess proceeded, "if I find you setting Ally against her beau; it's the door you'll be shown,' and that in a hurry! She's got to take Mr. Cheape, or she's got to ' beg. There's'- some's content to beg, but it'll no be my daughter!" And the lady of The Mains, gathering up the wedding silk, and with her hcadn the air, marched out of the room. Nancy sank back in lier chair worsted, she felt, in this encounter. "Your good mother, Ally," she said to her friend, wien . Alison appenred, "is somewhat bludgeon- like in her methods of war. My poor little weapons are too fine." Alison smiled rather wanly. "Our mother is very strong in her wishes, and the getting of them," she remarked. "'Tis. not easy to move her." . "Ah, but wait till I get at your father,", cried Nancy, recovering her spirits. "I'm a wonderful hand with the men." "My mother is angry with you now," said Alison, quietly, "and with me too. She has put me to the elear-starehing with the maids in the laundry, all the afternoon, for fear I should sit with you." "Oh, oh!" said Nancy; "sets the wind in that quarter. But we'll see whose cleverest yet. Keep a good heart, Ally, you'll not marry Mr. Cheape." But Alison shook her head despondently, and vanished. There were no more twilight talks and songs in the gloamings after that. Thus matters remained at a standstill for several days, and Nancy chafed under the well-meant but awkward attentions of Kate and Maggie, who were sent to take Alison's place in the best room, about the invalid. She longed to be gone. The dreariness of the country at this season de pressed the- little townswoman, and she settled a day in her mind for her de parture. "But I'll save that, child from her virago of a mother," she said sto herself, with de termination, "even if I have to carry her off with me by force. Though where," she added, with a little grimnce to herself, "though where I'm to put the big creature, if. I take her, Lord only knows! Is there a corner of my garret she enn sleep in? Well, Providence must see to that." Nancy was never frustrated in a kind ac tion by so paltry a detail. The charming vision of herself in the blotched old mirror — she wa4 at her first toilette — smiled back at her approvingly, with the hurried sparkle of her long, soft, dark eyes. She was about to try her arts on the laird. (To be continued.) 