970TOS0H ttHE WAS. ^Vjuspai^ dated December 12, say® that the Schreinor Illabtiy at theQape gave pae»es to the Orange F?ree State pupils aHlesduig col onial colleges who wanted to go home andijghtthe British. As a result. Sir Alfred M£n£r, Governor of Gape Colony, isc^^dexingthedismissal of Premier tschi^mar and Ma odHttgutt. ThiainckLeat of the war is tstom theTull Mail: The tbo&dcr; of *the big guns round l^idysmlth was fitfol. Most of the Boers In laager at De Waal's farm wtre finish ing their hasty morning meal. Far away W> 'the west rose the splintered peaks V>£ Uieberg towering above the long slopes now growing green after the parched brown of winter, lis the midst of life they were in death; under the mounds ot traeah earth Scattered on the kopjes turoimd them lay the red spoil of Lady ssmith's guns. 1 believe they will tay tG ??torm our position to-day,' said a German gunnar. *1 don't think so/ replied «the Commandant. Suddenly & Wiley" tang out behind the farmhouse. 'What's that * he a^ced hastily) and for answer there; eorno fivs burghers with, still smoking rifles. *We have just captured and shot a. venlome spy' they shouted. *He Is a Carbineer from Mjaritzhurg, a renlegade to «ur colourSs who lied to us (that he wars a Wrghfer of Ermelo.* 'Right,' replied .the Commandant, 'you have done <right; those wsere my onlfers. Til come and &°e if I can identify the scoundrel; I kjuow every goul in Ermelo.' They went through the orange orchard till ithey dame to <the cattle "kraaL There in the bright morn ing sun lay the detad Spy. stiff in his stain ed corduroys, with blood oozing from be neath his wideawake. The Commandant turned the body over,, and looked into the facet 'God Almighty,' he sobbed (Like & child, "it is my Son; my son; and-by my otdetts.* Pays a writer in To-Day®:-'As re gards cavalry movements and the regular bn^iness of the arm, they have not been +>o conspicuous. Th)e failure of cavalry in scouting and reconnaissance has been marked-no doubt the country of Nonth Natal is very unsuitable for cavalry. Still they should have done much mane, and especially in keeping touch with the 111 fated' column which surrendered. The failing is just whaft wag seen at the autumn manoeuvres last year, and St points to the fact that Hhe training of csvalry 'in recent yeatrs has not been, in the right direction. Sir George tuck, the lnspeotor-G^n em 1 of Cavalry, was too bent ok developing the showy side of cavalry, the lengthened movements long distance marches, and pure cavalry field days, in which the horse worked at a gallop a'i overtho place, and did not combine wiith the .other arms. The only* result was that a large percentage of horses were ' east at the. end of the season, and the. cavalry remained ignorant of their moat essential duties. The Prince of Wales, honarary presi dent of the Red Cross Society, sent a mes sage to. thp Cape Colony for aiding the eick and wounded:--'God speed you ! Unite your efforts, and you will' have corrplrte success.' Miss Florence Night ingale wrote 'from a sick bed in London: -"May we hope that the nurses, every one of them, will prove themselves wor thy of the great opportunity afforded by God's goodness. I wish I could go but I am chained to my room by illness. Three cheers for you wherever you go! \--cheers to strengthen, not disturb the sick/ In -an engagement near Estcourt a re servist in the Mounted Infantry- a gro c"ic when he is at home in London, a hero when-hS® country needs Ms services had' his leg shattered and twisted. He got a comrade +0 fix him po that he could shoot, and he managed to fire 24 rounds into the - advancing- Boers. A Highland er, badly wounded in the arm, waited impatiently until it was dressed, and thai set to upon bread and ham. saying 1 haenai had onyihing tae eat the day A large quantity of star shell, by which the enemy's position car be ascer tained, after dark, said their camps shell ed at any ttme. has, been sent to South Afrifca; "Each shell contains fiix stars of magnesium light composition, "burning between 13 and 14 seconds, and seven starsCdfsingle light composition, burning between 34 and 36 seconds. The shell is fired by a tSme fuze, and, by the adop tion of a code of different colours, com pmntcation can be kept up between two bodk$ <6f Britfeh troops, Who stay belo cated a oonsid<&rable; distance from each other. * The steamship Karaml left thfc Thames with, one of the heaviest cargoes of war material ever been despatched (toom the British shores. Amongst thi attunuia&m; on board was 40 million rounds ol small-arm ammunition in 3,640 boxes, 7,000 rounds of shrapnel and com mon shell, 4,000 rounds of Sin. lyddite shell (in 2,000 boxes), 851 boxeft offuz^, and 40 boxes of pistoi ammunition. A eolor-sei^eant of the 1st. Devons. who played such a splendid part in the charge aft Elands Daagte, writing home, Incidentally gives some details throwing a light upon the serious side of the sold ier's ehaaacter, so singulanfly free from caurt:-'It simply hailed bullets when we got to within 000 yards of the eaemy'a position. But on we wetft with fixed bayonets, charged the portion, and won; but at what a cost! The sights; would^ burn you. odd-headless bodies limbs lying about everywhere, for our artillery made grand work on the enemy. 1 found on© young Boeir badly wounded, faiking about his mother and bis home, and it touched me, for the enemy are white people like ourselves. Wet had to remain on the bal'Jtie-field all night, col lecting the dead and wounded of both etides. Wliat with the continuous nain and the-groans of the wounded it was a night I shall never forget. I offered up a small prayer, thanking God far my safety. It is rough work; aoinotimes no iood all day. But we are soldiers, doing soldiers' duty.' Six new bat&eries; of artillery are to be sent to South Africa, and these thirty sis pieces of ordnance will bring the total number of British guns there up to jusfc about three hundred, exclusive of the garrison equipments at Capetown, Dur ban. andr other ports. General lJullcr has nearly one hundred pieces South of the Tugela, bdt at thi$ difsftauce it i? irnpossibJe to estimate the number of pieces ithat are in possession of the other British divisions. Owing to the peculiar and unexpected circumstances that have arisen since the war commenced, the ar tillesry forces, lifae the cavalry and in fantry arms of the service, have, been .split "up in such a manner as to puzzle anyone to locate their exact whereabouts. T$ie effective strength iof the British artillery equipment is something enor mous, and under the direction of the best gunnera in the wooM 'tbe effect will "be prodigious. Waiting from Mafeking, Beater's csor HetspondeEtft says:-'Commanding us wfl have a man than, whom we could have none better experienced. The colonel always smiling, and is a host in himself. To see 'B.P.' as he is affectionately term ed, go whistiting down the sbreet. deep in thought, pleasing of counifceaiianee, cheerful and confident, is cheering and heartening. Nay, I would say far more cheering and heartening than a pint of dry champagne.' One Enoch Lawton. pro-Boer tectardr, mounted a tub a£ Newport, in England, receritly and began an address in faven? of the Boetis. A crowd of bra? 1000 persons became exasperated, rushed him towards the Usk, and threw him into the river, from which he was rescued by the police. Major Poore, the celebrated Hamp shire cricketer, who headed the English batting with an average of 91. beating Ranjrteinglii, is t*> the fori® in a- sfberner game. He.greaMy distinguished himself at the hard fought battle of l*elm»>nt. The major, who fa in the 7th, Hussars, stands well over 6fit, is the champion billiard ptoayer and "the finest swordsman in Ithe British army. He seems to have a happy knack of excelling In everything In a mail letter from Pretoria, Bal ziel's coirre-pendent says that v- hen the British prisoners taken ait Dundee arrived, and were marched to the racecourse, had to piss President Kruger's house. The President was on the terrace as tW prisoners passed, and he bared Ins head as they marched past. the officers and men both returning his salute. The Trtinsvaal Volksstem of October 23 contains General Joubert's report of the capture of the 18t5h. Hussarv aft?r Glencoe. Joubea-fc, writing from Dann hauser, says:-Abouit 200 Englishmen passed us this morning &om; the direction of Dundee. I was expecting some meri from Iiucas and sent a force to meet flrfW; who found that they were Hie enemy and dirove them into a- house. My fonpe fined a shot at them Mb a gun which, {sent out tipastUlck thefai. The white flagappeanefl attefr the third sholk We axe now: engaged in disarming them. As far as.has been reported to ine, «nly one of our "mea, F. MinJaar, has been lightly wounded. Commandant. Erasmus is on the hill, as far as I knov? ; but it is too misfty to nepoajfc with cecteuaityi 1 greatlyregfret that, owihgtb Commandant Kraiawig Baying tjimhfd Dundee Hill. We shall naoft beuable to «njoy "fto-morrow's day* of rest as a Sunday, and it may be come ta terrible day, forlto spend it peace fully will dot be possible. We must however, be thankful for what the Lord has' already done far ub, saying, 'Lord, Thy will be done/ There are several Ricaffdos <at <tbe front in Soisth /Africa^-naaaely, Colonel Ricsatr do. of the Grenadier Guards; Major Eieardo,-of the Queensland Mounted In fantry; and Qiptaln Bicaido, of the Household Cavalry Brigade. Capifcaln Campbell, who was nearly killed by a treacherous Boer afMftr the bafrUeof Graspam, node his own breree. The Soarer, to vactory in the Grand National Steeplechase at Liverpool. I have met a retired French office^ (<saya the want correspondent of the Lon don Daily- Telegraph ) who has just come back from Hie Transvaal. He says the Beers have hardly any French military advisors, but -any number of young- up to-date German officers, who were given Ions furloughs to go knife there. The dog of the Northumberland Fustl eers, the Fighting Fifth, which, wii'ii the Cossack dog of Remington's Guides, has been given special permission to accom pany the force oa* the march to <the ^relief of Klmbeuieyj is no recruit going to a bap tism of fire, buft is an old campaigner. The dog distinguished himseCf by his cool demeanour at Omdurman, and after wards assisted in the pacification of Ctoelfee. Just before the transport British Prin cess left Southampton Docks, the gailorfl of a Japanese war-ship lying alt <the sama quay handed up cigarettes to the- English soldiers on board, and then as the ship moved off they formed up on the quay and gave a splendid Imitation of a British cheer. The Boer plan of opeHaltione alt -thfc outset of the war (says the correspondent of an English newspaper) was to capture Natal by surprise and dictate1 fbermls from Pietetrmaritzburg or Durbtan, with tine hope of European intarventtion. ' The op erations against Mafeking and Kimberley formed no paift of <the serious campaign, but aue incidental annoyances due to sentiment, as Ma faking was «the dtafrting point of the Jameson raid, and Kimberley is a Rhodes centre. An audacious ukase was issued by the Fnee State Boers in the proclamation ot Commandant Van Hendrlc Olivier, who in a printed document describes himself as chief commandant of the burgher forces of the Orange Free Sfcafte operating in Aliwal North and the border districts. The Free State flag was hoisted, and the name of the Itown changed to Oliviersfon tein, In honour of "the commandant. Quite a "run has occurred on one small wood-working industry that is carried on in the Furness district of Lancashire ow ing to the war, viz., the oak baskdt for coaling purposes, and the great number of transports hurriedly required has led to em unprecedented demand. A private letiter received by a resident of Melbourne from Iiadysmith states that after Major-General Tule had brought his column from Dundee to Lady janith he started Jaughlng one day in a fcnrrible manner, and went quite out of his mind. He had to be placed iru tho asylum at Piedmnaritzbuirg. Hie Lanc ets bugler boy Shurtock, who shot three Boers with Ms revolver, is also mentally de-ranged. Shitrlock's father served with the Lancers to which corps young Shur loek was bugler. After his father's dearth the boy, whose pofflentfts are Irish, insisted on his joining his father's regiment.Shor tly before the engagement he wrote to his widowed mother starting he was prtactis ing with a revolver, and hoped to have a crack at the Boots. It IS to be hoped the . meiuNI aberration In both case.? will only be temporary. Mr Nevison, of the 'Chronicle.' a Kiplingfsque sketch of Tommy Atkins as he appeared affter Reidfontein. He says: 'On the opposite hill wa)s our gal lant] little British army, halted in a posi tion <of extreme danger, absolutely com manded on all aides but one, and prepar lag fcfc tea as unconcernedly as if they In a Lockhatft'6 ehopin Goswell road. Almost as unconcernedly, for, In deed, some of the officers showed signs of their long anxiety and sleeplessness . Hie British private was even here imper turbable as usual. He sast on the rocks singing the lategihe knew from the toUsic-hails. He lighted his fires and made hie tea, and took an intelligent in terest in the slaughibpr of oxen, for all She world as if he were at manoeuvres on Salisbury Plain. He is really a won derful person. Filthy from "head io foot, drenched with rain, baken with sun, unshorn and unwashed for five days, his eyes .bloodshot for wartt of sleeji, hungry and ^oOiSore, freshfrom terrible fighting, and the loss of many friends, he was still the same unmisUakeable British soldier, that queer mixture of humor, and blas phemy, cheerfulness and grumbling, nev er losing that imperturbability which has no mixture of any other quality at all.7 It seems to have become the habit of our papers, wheii comi&eating; on o\ft Ut ile battles in the Transvaal, to speak of our losses as 'very heavy.' As a mat tec of fact the actual number of the kill ed and wounded at tha affaifrs of Elanda laagte, ~<3raispan, etc,, have been light, the propoa-tiGn of those placed hors de combat being about one fortieth of the men engaged. Selecting a few great battles, with average slaughter, we find that the pro portion off killed and wounded to com batants, including both efides, was at Jena, one-sixth ; Austerlitz oae-seventh ; ~ Solferino, one-eleventh; Prague, one eighth* At Woerth <£he Germans, out of about 190,000 lofjfi 10,000, or, say. one thirteenth ; but the French, outnumber ed three to one, could not make such a stand as to constitute a fair average. Ait Vionville, Mars-lo- Tour, 16,000 men fell on each side, about one-eighth of those absolutely engaged. At Gravelott?, .the German chief of staff put his numbers at 180,000, his loss being 20,500, or. one ninth. Such conflicts as Borodino, , wlier* one-third of the total number of combat ants fell, or Marengo, one-fourth, were exceptional affairs, and excluding them, one-ninth loss of total combatants is a fair average for a good fight. Messrs R. C. -Ramsay, E. T«. Ramsay, A. D. Ramsay, of Oondooroo and Elderalie Stations; gave £21 each; to the Patriotic Fund. Mr W. Hammond, of Afton Downs, leads tut Hnghenden with £10/10/-. The lue&vy; drought has, how ever, in most cases taxed to 'the uttermost the resources of the proverbially liberal!: Western men of all classes. the Charters Towers Police Force has done handsomely in <the maloter Of sub* scriptitons to the Patriotic Fund. The list includes the name of every local officer, and *the initial donations amount to £11 11/6, while the monthly donations duoing the existence of the war is £8 5/6. It may be noted that the Police Force on Charters Towers was the firsfc (Loral body to subscribe to the Patriotic Fund. We are desired to state that Lieut. Cross is not enrolling bush riders, but he has taken the names of 25 men, gocd riders and shots, who offered their ser vices for the Bushmen's Contingent, should one be sent. Messrs William and Fred. Earl, the second generation of the Earls of Yaca munda station, have left the station for Brisbane, to offer their, services for the Bushmen's Contingent. They are capital riders and shots, and being thoroughly used to bush life (should prove splendid troopers. The Remington guides, who are scout ing in company with the colonial troops near Kimberlev, are a splendid special corps of scoute, who ride very light, ac tive ponies, and know every mile of the country. Their equipment: is the very lightest. They are distinguished by a band of tigerskin found their hats, and they push everywhere day and night, tiU they have become a thorn in the side of the Boers, who are reported to have of fered £50 a head for them. They are constantly snapping up prisoners, and are -peculiarly acute at gauging the locality of suspected persons. Their leader is Major Remington, whose name they bear. To-day, (writes a correspondent), they brought five Boers from a farmhouse, having found a couple of rifles among - them. The Boers did not dig the trendies in - the fight at Modder River, but keeping to the tops of the hills formed rifle pits on sconces of stones built up in front, ... " pa ilia the -WW such B^ndcscathat ifcg with 7000 saddles, !© !!!^ Boer im*/ tV-:;k-' >v!. press. top, has been record course of the war-with naSty last mail left, the Bep lin a*i4ti»P>yln,-ial j0UfnAts were ques'ion Inj? the jacpufacy of sports of Brttish. 8«t*?^E« ^ slippuig iti *sie' and notes of interrogation, -after ,&e.;wo£d -fvictoryy ttcCUslbg tt»e Govetmnettl of 'cooking' war telegram aftd,gl&efulily; making the most , of aBy news favorable <tt> the afebels in \- Natal and Cape Colony. f Sir !£|iomas iMoli, who biiftt its Sldm fcck for the last America, Cup rac^ offer ed hfs ®leam ;$V38& tie * Brit'slj : Govorhment. As thdb pfffir . couldn't b& fiC^pl&d;, Sip Thom^gave £10,000 to ihs? Princeiss of Wales to be expended Sit h^r discretiottin support of .the -war. : The TvTi ssam oflTyderabacL who has since offered men arid jtnotiey, sent some weeks ago l5,00(V i3ipe?s ;( £1000) 'for the sick and wounded in the Transvaal an£ 4heir 4% \ pendents,' and invited his rich subjects to also eubscribe. > Lord JVfethuen,. addsjia^ing histrDops< aftet t?ie battte bf ErMin i«^jGh1aspan), said fcheWanenemy to whom theycoiild not affoirl to give one point. Their; tactics had been <str; r«ellent, and hfe recognised and. admitted their comiage. But he preferred to fight against ,a foe worthy of Jiis ste&l; ,tban against ^whose recommenda tion wasbravery. He "hoped that he ''and his men'Jiad gained each other's con (Ideni^. Md that they would <all 8o%fh duty to thecounfecy as^Eglfehmen should ? do... ' The Belgian press-rwhldi doesn't courit! lor much3 so j&r; as that goses- adopted a more friendly tone; when Methuen . won a.t Belmont and ^frasspan, and Wte|^te£± terminated the Khalifa. .. '/:; (By>Rooibatge.) "Boerlias evidently much inrprov cd . in his artiUeiy; practice of late years; since the first Boer cannon was made iti 1880 from the tires of waggon wheels in Potchef|trom. I rem^inUV watching some Boers practising at Pretoria ^oon after the first consignment of European artillejry for the Transvaal Government had been ?'received, when they nfiarly de molished Paul KrugerV house with" a cannon ball- There was a great deal of aigumeat over J this matter afterwards, and it was afterwards discovered that some playful individual had put a can non ball in the cannon, which was fired at the fort outside Pretoria., every day ot cn? o'clock. The consequence of this Was that when the gun was fired in ac , corfecc; with the usuaPcustom, it seri ously damaged the roof of the Presi dent's house,for which disaster the Stasis ArtiHerle got the full credit for a long time. ; After the Boers had disposed of some f f thrir farms to English purchasers at remunerative priccs, some of them had so mticb surplus cash on hand that they hardly knew- what to do with it, and as aresult, enterprising travellers did a. good business with them In man> linrs. On Several oceaaons I have seen piano "and American organ cages in the rooms, and ion my enquiring where the instruments were, the owners would feignify tlmt they- were inside the un opened cases. On my volunteering to open them the thrifty J3oers would in variably refuse, ci^riijog tlwit s^ch^a proceeding would b? Ufcely to ^dama^r the instruments. I have seen cases c-1 scap in farm houses also unopened, the Boers being afraid otf spoiling the arti cle by opening it up. So Tar as his musi cal powers go, the Boer is by no means highly accomplished, the only . instru ment he is really at home on being ;t!u. concertina, and even on that he Is not at all expert . As a rule a Boer musi cian only knows five or six times, and ^e will keep monotonously playing them -£btr ^^^nlipfifedS period, till/his deaUi Is. urgently, long Jby ;Cvery civilized being withiir ^ ^ ^_: of the Boelr's i«ow<yfH naplayihjg . by ithc feltll-lnrtise ;.-: fiyp ]at ^ight, the old Boer will be end- ; d^ly "struck by the idea that a ghost. spoty will add to the tettow of the evening. He will begin,the ceremony by crying fal an impressive and tragic man ner: 'llodup (stop) frail a&dkittders;, I hatre. something to .tell ;y0u.s He will thrnliunchcut l^to'« pjjidk. sloty of the most imaglna ti ve description possible, first terrorising the children by Imprea E:ng oil thflin the truth of the telle he is about to unfold * One of these impres sive fictions that I remember ran as follows : 'Frau and bindefs, I was rwalking ihthe veldt looking for my horse, and during toy search I got lost. ' WMle T was travelling about a great caint!. oii, hat I dlft not cajre, lis I tad iny 'chevere (gun) with me. Aa 1 was stuinbiing along over rocks land etoit'S, I suddenly beheld in front of Ine a * man; \iho wished me good-night and the iisual gt'Cetings, which I returned, lie said to me: -You are lost in the Ve'fil,' anden my answerlng'ja,' be laid, '^ll^mastcg, butyour pipe is a long one,' pointing to myguny and asking if I ob fett^d to his baving a smoke. To my horror I then , realised that he was a ; te£de up my mind to shoot MM il possible. Accordingly-! offered hhn vthe gutubUarel to take a pull at, and on his taking a long draw, I pol led the trigger, thinking I would cer iainlv shoot him in the mouth. It stead of that, to my surprise, he had the im pudence to say, fAMamastog, your tabac is binja sterkl i ('Almighty, your tobac co is very strong.') I immediately ran away and came home.' The^ narfiuor of ? this comprehensive yarn will then vow *|q his nif-: flwi children that every wCid of it is the ir^et (truti ), and they never ihtnk of doubting his vecacit-* k tones like these are handed down from gen eration to generation, and as aeotise quence the Boers are a very eupersti iiom4 people^ y?lth a most pronounced be lief in ghosts. I am sure that now the war is on, great difficulty must ^ '? p rienced with many of the Boers mgct them to outpost duty at JJJCrht, .« The waggon used by the Boas is^ome thing iike the waggon used in Au^ralia ?'.'.for carrying wool, the principal diffesr -nees being ithat the Boer wagon has a 'dissel-booni' (pdSfi) instead of <a pair of shafts, and the rear porU6n ss coveted In with a hood, which is used as a sleep ju<r apartment when tthe owner is travelling. The usual load put upon ond of these waggons in Soulth Africa is about 6 (WO' pound% and. it is drawn by ' iiaules or Trangwrt in South Africa, is a^Seiy difficult matter* and 1 Expect the Briifch Government counted on^having^the railway to ft ?' tliey have had, w®uld , reV^ft ' ba^k mules and oxen. The great deiay. consequent upon procuring mules prcbablytoas had a great deal to do with the delay in- advancing.- Natal should not have beeii so badly off in ' his rwspect, however, as plenty of oxen could %xt got from Zululand via DurbSn. Thepe Ma oxon are not "neatly so large as the ^acsvaaiers, but for 'trekking' ace My the equal of their larger brethren if noli hotter. I do not think the rinderpest has visited Zululand, so ahe odttl-e there should b^ in good trim. 1 Some of the Zulu chioffl. ^ind also the missionary sta tions in Zululand, have la/rge trains e-f «iaggons, and during-the Zulu war, the British Govemmenlt found the loyaft chiefs ? ovbremely us^fid for the assistance they Te"4frc«l in connection with transport. Jv>hn Dim)i a Scotchman, who had ris'ii J^ivang a Zi'lu chief, and who laitely died, liad :»n immense number of waggons, and his clan, at least ! mean tribe, will probably follow in the footsteps of thii w>nowned Bofifeff laddie, and Tender ithe. British aimy every a>s?istsince in tlieir. power. John _ Duhh was 'chief over 5.000 ? Zulus, ' ^ find his territory. near Ekowi, is called Biinndand. His "tribe fought for the British against tJetewayo, during the Zu iu '%air Datm hUMself displaying grealt j J>r!av«y..? This was especially obnoxious, j toCetewayo, who, in the first insbaaice j liadl>ut Diuan in bis iiigb position. Dunn j Iwd l>een with Crfewayo for many years 1 having run away from some ship when he i arafi a boy, and- Cetew&yo; naturally re- . yarded Mmself as 'the younger diiefa u guardian imdsupsrior. v j ..'.I am expecting dally ix> hear of the ' Colcnbranders' names beaog mentioned, as iti «thtWar -in which the 3 British Lave ' figured in Sowsth Africa these ] njMi have (rendered valuable as sistance. They" afiie Natal-born, from Dutch paints, and have dtien proved i their loyalty to the British. They figur- i ed prominently in the wars with the Zu lus and 'the Basutos, the last Boer war, and the Mat&bele; war, and when I heard of ilieiii kst they were with Dr Jameeoa in Matabel&land;, They" wore intimately acquainted with all ihe generals who have visited South Africa, and arc- highly thought -r.f "by the British and throughout SnuSh Africa. It is almost certain that the <tw» Cdlcnhrandea-s will play a prom inent-part In assisting the British in the present campaign. TP have ncttieed the lisine ot Sir Charles Wama among Ulv? lisJt of African General's. This nnuie. .with that of Sir Evelyn Wood, strikes terror into the Boers* heawis, as they are very much afraid of both of these ofiicorisi I am rather 6oiry to see Sir Charles Warren's name on the Natal side, as he Is bdtier ac guaSxteed with the TkimberLey disbrict aving been stationed there for so long that he is thoroughly conversant with the lay of the cminitry there, and the Boers' eraiacter. It was Sir Chariles who dtep the Convention line that divided Beelm- \ ausland from the Transvaal. 