In the Mills. 4Forthe Christmas 'Register.')' By VON KOTZE He had forgotten clean about that or der for rations at the store. A. fellow who is living in the bush, year in, year out. all his lifetime in loneliness, gets that way. There are too many ghosts .iiscracting his attention from business. But for all that old Charlie had no right to keep nagging as he did. 'Damn it all,' grunted the culprit, 'What does he mean-ram! ram! ram! *by that sort of rot-ram I ram !-'As if he were'nt as oad himself-ram!ram! ram-arid a blanky sight wuss.'-ram! ram! The charge was ready for filing, and putting his foot into, the sling of the rope. P^ter lit a -maieh Hand lMd it to the fuse. 'Look cut now! Stand ready!" 'Aye, ayel Good job it's me what's on Teter!' he -ried aoftlyas if afraid t» startle the inanglcd remains.' * Yes.*" came the answer back in a sim> ilar awe-struck whisper. 'Are you hurt?* 'No-o-I don t-think so.' But Pe ter began to ted himself all ovei *nd td« make sore. 'What's happened? What in thunder *1-I-lit the darned tuse and-and' 'And forgot to set on top!' shouted *- the-oth?r.^ 'Well,.my eye, if that doesn't take the bun.' 'And he began to roar with laughter. Suddenly he stopped short. /Peter!' 'Yes./Peter was evidently feeling very low, , .Why the devil aren't you dead? Didn't the dynamite combust?' Peter was much struck by this neir a and mysterious aspect of the case. I With an effort he collected his wits, the " only part of him the explosion had | parendy shattered "and began to investii t gate. ... .... - I *Oh! !' ' J 'Well?' came the query from above. ' *" . 'Haul up!' was the only answer vouch safed. Slowly the windlass creaked its! [ burden to the surface, and Peter step | ped into the daylight once more, grin* and threatening. Casting one look oft unutterable hatred upon his mate, he sllently collected his belongings abd* marchedvoff to his camp, head erect,, while the other stood staring curiously after him. 'Wonder what's up now?' muttered Charlie, very much puzzled. 'Some thing must have gone cronk with him.' But it was only in the afternoon that he solved the mystery of the ineffective shot, with the help of a stray nigger* who let him down the shaft As he grop ed about in the dark his hand touched' a couple of loose dynamite cartridges. Peter had excelled himself. He had* forgotten to put the explosive into th<t hole. VON KOTZE. 