COItt PLBTE STORY. rUBUSKED BY SPECIAL AEBAXGlQCCiT. * A YELLOW ROSE, MRS. H. H. PENROSE, Author of .4,A Mutual Mumudcrstsuidiz)# " A Gha>tlj Experience," '* Tbo Mistletoe Ladjrj" &c..; &e.; " copYxiairr. UCK looked out [ uf the breakfast* room window, and made faces at Uaptain Charlton, who beckoned and held up a gaily bedizened box of chocolates. For some weeks he had found it expedient to lay in a stock of such boxes for purposes of bribery and corruption. s . Fuck shook her head. ' She knew that* he was dreadfully anxious for her to gtome out, and she had no idea of mnk~ ing Lcr services too cheap. He was wait* icg on the lawn for the dogcart to come roonl to drive him to the station. He had breakfast alone, and he had his own reasons for not wishing to enter the house again. He wanted an undisturbed inter* view with Puck. He balanced half-a-crown very enticingly on the edge of the choco* late-box. Pack disappeared from the window, and was standing beside him within sixty sec onds. The half-crown was transferred to her. pocket with astonishing rapidity. "I wanted that"badly," she lemaikcd, with & grave nod. He proffered the box. "I haven't had time to get through the last three yet," she said, accepting it with kindly indifference, "but it may be useful later on. I'm waiting to know what you want." The knowledge of the world whi<^i she had accumulated in the course of nine years wa3 qute surprising. * " Look here!" began Captain Charlton, and hesitated. "I'm looking," said Puck. "I've* been looking all the time." He took a deep-red rose from his button hole—a beautiful rose just breaking from the bud. "I want you to give that, and this note, "To Hilda, of course. Why do you make such a fnss about saying her name?" "I'm.not making a fuss about anything, Puck. Don't wait until she comes down to breakfast, you understand. Take them up to her room now, at once; and don't let anyone see you on the way. Here's the dogcart, and not a minute to spare." " I'll drive with you to the station, No one will miss me." 1 Despair seized him. "Puck," he said solemnly, "I'm going to town for the day, and I'll buy you anything you like to mention if you'll only go and do my message without another moment's delay " " Stop!" she screamed, as he sprang into the dogcart. "You're not giving me time to mention it" "Well?" he asked over his shoulder. " A diamond tiara or a tricycle—you mar take your choico. I'm very easily, pleased.*' She waved the rose at Mm as he drove' off, and turned leisurely towards the house. Her pet puppy ran out to meet her, leap ing and barking. She waved the rose at him too; and, taking the gesture for an intimation that he was to make himself at home with a new plaything, he jumped up, and with one snap appropriated the head, leaving the stem iu Puck's hand. A few red leaves were strewn about the lawn, but the bulk of the Jlower was promptly bolted by Wallypug. Puck gasped. " He'll be just raging," she muttered; "and I'll get neither the tiara nor the tricycle." Then her face cleared. An idea, brilliant in its simplicity, had occurred to her. "One rose is as good as another," she said, and pulled a staring, full-blown Gloire de Dijon from the nearest tree. There were delicate flesh-tinted blossoms ou the same branch, but this one was an un compromising yellow in the outer leaves, and.neither in form nor colour a perfect specimen of its kind. Puck was not dis criminating in the matter of flowers. She ran into the house, and up to her sister's room, on the door of which she beat a tattoo with impressive energy. Hilda had been at a dinner party and | dance the night before, and gaVe the word of admission in a sleepy voice. Puck came in with her hands behind her back. "You ought to be jolly well ashamed of yourself," she said severely. "Not out of bed yet, and it's nearly nine o'clock." " Shocking, isn't it?" said Hilda, with' gentle toleration. " But 1 wasn't in bed until thiee, and then I didn't go to &leej;> . for nours and hours." » "Well, why didn't youl" " Ob, I don't know! I suppose X was flunking of things." "Things of this sort?" asked Puck, bringing the letter and flower into view. Hilda's sleepiness vanished instantly. She sat up, pushing her fair curly hair out jof her eyes. "Puck, darling," she said, "give them io me at once, like a dear, good child." "Make a fair offer," said Puck, whose .business dealings were not of a circum scribed nature. "Anything you like, but give—give!" "Didn't the horse-leech's daughter say ihat?" Puck inquired, holding back in a tantalising manner. "Father says one ought not to repeat other people's remarks, and try to pass them off as original." " Oh, Puck, do huny. If you don't you fchan't have^anvthing at alL" Puck seized the handle of the door, and Jin a moment Hilda's bare feet were flying over the floor. A skirmish ensued; * the letter and rose were taken possession of, "by brntc force," as Puck asserted with a 'dramatic gesture; Puck herself . was . bundled out of the room, and the key was /turned in the lock. . Then Hilda tore open her letter, and read many burning words. She had been interrupted at the beginning of an impor tant conversation with Captain Charlton $hc night before, and he, feeling that he could not run the risk of other interrup tions, .had written to her in the small fliours. "I have always felt," be said, "that an Officer's first ■duty is to bis own regiment, and that be should remain with it, taking rihis chance of humdrum work or desirable active service. But if you refuse me, I know I shall not have the courage to re Vain here, where I may see you constantly. jjRight or wrong, I shall volunteer for •Africa, and think myself fortunate, if I "have the luck to do a day's work under •Kitchener. Possibly your father will blame !me, hut you will understand. Still, I don't /ibink it will happen. I think you care a 'little. I believe if there had been time last .•night you would have given me a word of •hope. I trust your eyes. Only I dare not , - be confident because I know how small :nns my deserts, and I.want to be Lof my fate the first moment I see you j .again. I can wait no longer. You have i -promised to be at the Uffingtons' hall to £ight. If you mean 'Yes,' wear the rose T send you with this by Puck." i There was a great deal more, hut that yrasdbc important pari of the letter. [ Hilda look np the rose from her knee, trad examined it with a smile of the ten flcrest derision.' : "I don't think it will fall to pieces be fore evening," she muttered doubtfully. •"But what a colour!" She stood before tlie looking-glass in her dainty night-gear, nnd held the yellow leaves against her yel low hair. "Fancy choosing that rose for ane to wear! Ho requires a great deal of instruction." Then she kissed *it, and put it in water with extreme carefulness, i "If it were a dandelion," she said, "I ^vould wear it—for him." Colonel Weatherlcy was not in the best possible humour that morning, and had snarl ready for the world in general—a snnrl that became particularly vicious when reference was made to certain of his offi cers who had just volunteered for active service. j "I believe," he growled, "that Charl ton is the only man in the regiment who sees with me the absolute immorality of Hho practice. If the underlying idea was carried out to its logical conclusion the ser vice would fall to pieces. This volunteer ing destroys esprit de corps; it is merely ithe outcome of restlessness and personal am bition. Personal ambition should not exist an the service. A man should never regard himself otherwise than as part of his regi ment." "I suppose if he's the head part he 'doesn't inind," observed Puck, with her Iclbows on the table. Colonel Weathcrley endeavoured to fix •her with a stony stare, but she was not ;io be fixed. "Captain Charlton went up to London ibis morning," she said, with disturbing .Intent. " Perhaps he's on his war to the fighting too." i " Don't talk about what you don't under stand, child," said her mother. { "Don't talk about anything," said her father. " Eat your breakfast." "I've eaten it," said Puck the irre pressible. "I'll begin again if you like, d?at I'm afraid if 1 do I shall be*ill." " You'd better run away if you can't be VUent," said Mrs. Wcatherley nervously. •" Why," she inquired of the teapot, as: 'Puck vanished, *' are children so different? Hilda never gave me any trouble at that age. I don't understand it." 1 " If I remember rightly," said Hilda, /•'you oever spoilt me as you spoil Puck." I " What an unkind' thing to say to your .own mother, Hilda! I spoilt you as Veil •as I knew how, but I wasn't used to child ren then." f "Dear mother, I shall never cease to <bc grateful to you for not having spoilt ,jne. I doubt if Puck will ever be so grate ful to you for the reverse." She's a dear, affectionate child, and so impulsive," said Mrs. Weatherley, with plaintive emphasis. "She never asks me for anything without kissing^ me in the iweetest manner." " I haven't noticed her kissing you when she doesn't ask for anything," observed .Colonel Weatherley cynically. "No doubt' she'll be a charming person, lo live with in ten years' time." "Why did Captain Charlton sleep and breakfast here?" asked Mrs. Wealherley, making an unwise choice of a fresh subject. "Because I asked him," suapped the coloucl. " It was dreadfully late, you know,. mother, when we got home last night, I and Captain Charlton drore with us. It I would have been heartless to let him go | on to the camp." Hilda blushed furiously as she spoke, and licr father glanced al her' with a twinkle >f very grim humour in his steel-gray eyes. Ele guessed how the land lay, and he ap proved of Captain Charlton, which ex plained a good many things. "I suppose you are going to drag me jut again to-night," lie said. "There's^a lance on at the Uffingtons*, isn't there?" "Yes, father; I hope you don't mind rery much?" ""Would it make any difference if I did?" "Certainly it would. I'd coax mother jo take me instead. No i I'd get Puck to :oax her." ♦ 4 " That would be a failure. Puck can inly coax on her own account. Never wind. I'll take you. A man can die but ince." Twelve hours later Hilda Weatherlcy was standing in Lady Uflington's ballroom, paying scant attention to a crowd of would be partners who hovered about her. She wanted to reserve all her waltzes for Cap tain Charlton, who was coming towards her at that moment He had only just ar rived, and she waited for him, palpitating and glowing. The yellow rose was fas tened conspicuously at the left side of her bodice; and, that there might be no mis take about it, she wore no other flowers. She felt every step of his progress across the room, with her eyes fixed demurely on her card, and she knew that, within six feet of her, he paused suddenly. Then she looked up, and the smile of en couragement was frozen upon her lips. He was staring at her, staring at the rose, with a look in his eyes that she had never seen before. His face was white and set. Already one or two people had turned to look at him. Hilda tried to speak—to say his name and give a common place • greeting in an ordinary tone, but her tongue was momentarily paralysed by an undefined fear, and before her first word was formed Captain Charlton turned away to recross the room. She watched him go away with an overwhelming sense of misun derstanding, saw him draw Colonel Wea lherley aside, and followed *he two men with her wide, frightened eyes as they left the room together. "You aro feeling faint," said the man standing nearest to her. ''Let me find some cooler place for you." She took his arm without any volition of her own, and he led her to an ante- room with a wide-open window. She refused wine, pleading a headache, and begged liim to leave her alone. She sank on the window-seat, partly hid den by curtains, and escaped observation until her father, after fruitless searching elsewhere, caught a glimpse of her dress and descended on her. "Alone?" he asked, in evident surprise, as he drew aside the curtain. " What on earth are you doing here, Hilda?" " Only resting. I was not—not very well. Shall we go home?" "Presently. I want to ask you some thing first." He took the vacant seal opposite to hers, and jiassing couples, who saw the man's foot protruding from beneath one curtain, and the toe of a white shoe from beneath the other, concluded rightly that veiy seri ous business was beiug transacted beside that open window. " I want to know," said Colonel Wcathcr ley, "what you mean by playing fast and loose with Charlton?" " Has he said that I have done so?" asked Hilda, .with a sudden access of dig nity. Colonel Weatherlcy saw her eyes blazing in the half-light. "Certainly not-," he said; "but I can judge for myself. Up to yesterday you and he were behaving almost like an engaged couple. To-night the young fool comes and tells me that he is going to save Kitchener the trouble of taking Khartoum. At least he nieans to offer, and if Kitchener won t take him he is going to exchange into an other regiment. Whatever happens, he won't stay where he is." ! ."Did he give any reason?" asked Hilda, i relapsing into a weak tone. " He said something vague about a dis appointment, but not until I pressed him. You ought to be ashamed of yourself— that's all I can say." "You think that I have refused him," said Hilda, steadying her voice by a great effort. "I have not. He asked me—in a letter—this morning. I bare neither writ ten to him nor spoken to him since." "Did he ask you to write?" Colonel Weatherley was softening over her evident distress. " No." " Theu what did he ask you lo do—I mean in the way of answeriug him?" "To wear a rose he sent me with the letter. And I am wearing it Oh, father, there is some dreadful misunderstanding!" • Her father took her hand and held it-. He was not often demonstrative. "Who brought you the rose and letter?" he asked sharply. " Puck." "Then there's seme devilry at the bot torn of it.. Wo mustn't let him leave us, Hilda, for want of an explanation! He went back to Aldershot an hour ago. Probably Ke Is writing to the War Office this, minute—''* "Then there is no time to be proud," said Hilda, seizing him by the arm. "Yon most go and stop him. You must bring him to me. Drive straight to the bar* racks.. I will go home and wait for you." Sho had not long to wait, but it seemed long to her. Mrs. Weathcrley had gone to bed early. Only one servant was astir, and that one looked'respectfully puzzled when iliss Weathcrley arrived alone. But there was a bright fire in the drawing room, burning for cheerfulness rather than warmth, and Hilda crouched beside it, glad of the company even of live coals. Pre sently she heard welcome sounds; her father came into the room alone, and she sprang up to meet him, trembling all over. "He won't be persuaded that thcro can be any mistake," said Colonel Weatherley; "but he is here. Shall I send him to you?" "Yes, oh yes!" she said, and almost fell into the nearest chair. Then Colonel Weatherley left her, and after the passing of an interminable minute the door opened and closed again. Cap tain Charlton came and stood before her, but the hard, white look had not left his face, and again the words died in her throat when sho tried ttf speak.' 'I am so sorry you have been annoyed ccount," he said icily. "I quite on my account,' understand how it is. Colonel Weatherley is kind enough to dislike the idea of my leaving the regiment. He has guessed more than I intended, and he has persaaded you to reconsider your decision. You have scut for iuc only to please him, and I have come only to set your mind at rest —to assure you that I am not the man to profit by a forced consent-." "You are quite mistaken," Hilda fal tered. "And I have no idea where the] misunderstanding lies. You asked answer you by wearing your flower " And vou did not wear it. That was | my answer." '"But I did wear it," cried Hilda, the colour that had. died away rushing into her cheeks again. Captain Charlton's eyebrows went,up. Hilda bad never before seen bim look thor oughly disagreeable, and she shrank from the revelation of another side to his char acter. " You go far to please your father, Miss Weatherley," he said, every word cutting like a knife. "It will be a relief to you to find that, much as I respect any asser tion coming from you, I still- prefer the evidence of my own senses. I suppose you have done what you believe to be your duty, but 1 cannot bear much more of it. Let me say good-night and good-bye." * Eren then, perhaps, if Hilda had held the hand he offered to her, and said the words "I ^ove you," he would have be lieved her against every other'evidence, and perhaps an older woman would have -seized the one remaining chance of saving two hearts from breaking; but Hilda was very young, and already her shy pride had been sorely violated. She felt that she had gone more than half-way towards an under standing, and that she could go no fur ther. She only touched his hand mechanic ally as he touched hers, and he left her without another word. She was almost unconscious when her father returned to her, more distressed and puzzled than before. He made her drink some wine, and had the wisdom to hurry her to bed; but he came to her again as she lay awake and tearless, staring at the moonlight on the walJ, and he sat beside her until daybreak. "I don't know what to make of it all," he said. "I'm afraid it's something very like tcmjJornry insanity. The poor fellow 1 is labouring under some crazy delusion that I am trying to force you to marry him against your wilL When he was leaving he assured me that you had done every thing I could have wished, and begged me not to trouble you any more. What mid summer madness!" He talked like that to. me too," said Hilda, and her voice had taken, oh! such a flat, hopeless tone. She was living through her first trouble, and it seemed to her that the end of all things was at hand. " He said I had sent for him to please you, and he almost sneered at me when I said that I had worn his flower. It seemed that he did not believe it; although the flower was still in my dress, and he was looking at it." "You said Puck brought it to you, didn't you? I'll be bound she could explain the mystery if she liked. Ill swear she's at the bottom of it. »She wakes early. I'll go to her room as soon as I hear the ser vants stining, and I'll make her tell me all she knows." " You are very good, but it won't be any use," said Hilda in the same dull, level tone. " Nothing will ever make any differ ence now. Do go and try to get some sleep, father. You will be so tired. Don't mind about me. I suppose people go on living no matter what happens—and that is just the worst of it." He did not contradict licr despair, be cause he remembered how he had once en tertained the same feelings himself, al though that was a long time ago. He, too, had once thought that nothing could make any difference, and that life was a curse, and he knew that no one could have persuaded him to a contrary opinion then. He had learnt in the course of the years that life holds many things worth consider ing^bcsidcs the one great passion that comes s to nearly every man and woman of strong i and deep nature, and lie had fall confidence ( that his daughter would learn the. same lesson; but he respected her young sorrow" 1 too much to preach to it Those children < are fortunate whose parents have the gift 1 of remembering their own youth with a just j appreciation of the magnitude of its emo- J tions. i Puck, unconscious of the havoc she had i wrought, was just thinking, of getting out of bed at half-past sis o'clock when she < heard a knock at her door which she an swered with a guilty affectation of slcepi- ' ness. She liked it to be understood by the i household that she got up early because i die was virtuous and self-denying, not be- < cause she liked to enjoy the morning Lours undisturbed by those in authority over her. i She was somewhat more than surprised ' to sec her father enter, and .quite over- < whelmed by a sense of approaching catas- i trophe when he brought a chair to the side < of her bed and sat down. She had suffi cient courage to treat him with a consider- < able amount of flippancy in the presence 1 of others, but as a rule she avoided being alone with him. She was afraid of him; 1 and still more afraid that he would find it out. 1 "Puck," he said, bending" forward as if • for a'confidential chat, " I wapt you to, tell ' me exactly what happened yesterday morn- 1 ing—I mean about the messages Captain Charlton gave you for Hilda." She was on the defensive at once, igno- ' rant as to why her father wanted informa tion, and afraid of committing herself in any direction. "He gave mc the messages and I took them. That was all," she answered sul lenly. " But there has been some mistake, and we think that perhaps you could explain it Did you deliver the messages exactly as you were given them?" She had almost forgotten that her puppy had eaten Captain Charlton's rose, but she remembered it quickly now, and instantly it flashed int-o her mind that she van some rude of being defrauded of the present Cap tain Charlton had promised her. It took her no appreciable time to make up her mind that wild horses should drag no con fession from her, and she offered a front of steel to the enemy. "He gave you a letter and a rose, didn't ho?" <. "Well, I suppose that was no harm!" "That isn't the point, child. Don't im agine you are going to be scolded for carry ing the messages. They were perfectly in nocent. What I want to know is whether you gave them correctly—whether you meddled with them in any way." "Not likely. I wouldn't be bothered meddling with Hilda's old love letters. I'm sure they're all stupid nonsense." "But the rose? What colour was it!" ."I didn't notice. He's always sending her flowers. I never knew one from an other." "You took it straight to her! You're sure you didn't drop it!" " Quite sure. I held on to it tight" She: made tins assertion with great re lish, for, though she did not hesitate to tell 1 a lie when she considered that the occa- ] sion demanded one, still she preferred tell ing the truth, because it setmed a cleverer thing to do. And it was quite true that she had not dropped the rose. Wallypug had snatched it. She had held on so tight that the stem^ reimiined in her hand when Wallypug devoured the head of the flower. It was plain that Captain Charlton sus pected something wrong, and intended to "back out" of the stipulated reward, diamond tiara or a tricycle being at stake, it was not to be expected that she should assist him on his road to discovery, and, after a fruitless half-hour, Colonel Weather ley left her, having mode no advance to wards the solution of the mystery. I The weeks went on, piling themselves into months, and the battle of Omdurman was fought, and all England read the list of killed and wounded. The Weatherleys did not talk much about that list, for Captain Everard Charlton's name appeared uuder the heading " Severe ly Wounded," and it was tacitly recognised tbat there might be a limit to Hilda's powers of endurance. Hilda of course saw the papers as everyone else did, but it was much to her that she was not expected to discuss their contents, even with her gar rulous mother. She was thankful for the grace of being allowed to eat her heart out in secret and in silence. It was one day later on in the autumn, when she was not in the room—but Puck was—that Colonel Weatherley told his wife an item of news which had just reached him. Captain Charlton had come home, and was with his own people at Richmond. He was making a very slow recover}', and was not expected to be fit for anything for many months; but the glory of a D.S.O., in Colonel Weatherley's opinion, more than compensated for shattered health. Puck listened, and took mental notes. She knew Richmond, having visited friends there more than once. She had plenty of pocket-money, and, most important of all, she had a very bad pain in her conscience. It had been increasing some time, fed by the sight of Hilda's pale misery; and after the battle of Atbara it had become almost unbearable. Confession at home was not to be thought of; but something• must be done, and she regarded this news as her opportunity. Next morning she did not ap pear at breakfast, and about the time when ;earch«was being made for her at home a. rrnall unexpected visitor arrived at the jhrvrltons* house N She had a struggle to obtain permission o see the invalid son, who was the ccutro >f care and solicitude to the whole house* iold'; but, after much reasoning and im ploring, she found herself taken by the hand and led to a room where? her old 'riend was stretched on an immensely longt sofa. " Colonel Weatherley's little girl has :ome all the way from Aldershot by her ielf to see you, Kverard," said Mrs. Chart ion, "and I thought you might like to have her with you tor a few minutes. Not . f it tires you, of course," she added anxi jusly. "It won't tire me," he said, and Puck shook hands with him very gravely. She sras very painfully impressed by rhe ghost : }f his voice and the ghost of himselF, and die longed to get the business of her visit pver. "Please, may I see you alone?'* sbo lsked, with solemn importance. "X won't et him talk," sho assured Mrs. Chariton, ' and what 1 have to say won't take more titan five minutes." "Very well; not more than five minutes, honour bright," said Mrs. Charlton, an swering a glance from her son; and. sho went away, leaving hiui to Puck and his lappy fate. " I want to make a confession," said Puck, in such a hurry that her words tumbled over each other. "But first- you - must tell me, had that red rose any mean ing? Did it mailer whether Hilda got jxactly that very one? You mustn't speak, you know. Just nod your head or shake*it. He nodded. "Well, Hilda never got it. Wallypug ' snapped it from me and choired it up; und I picked another rose and took it to her instead. Next morning I knew something had happened, because Dad came into my room ever so early and bullied me to tell him what mistake I luid made; but I * wouldn't tell, because I thought if .you found out you would never give me tho » diamond tiara or the tricycle; und the next think 1 heard,was that you had gone away to the fighting, so there would have been no good in telling then. Hilda is miserable. She's been miserable all tho time. And you're awfully hurl. And per haps it's all my fault. Is it? Is it? Just nod or shake again." "What colour was the rose?" he asked/ with dry lips. "I mean the rose you picked instead of mine." \- "It was a yellowish thing. Did (he colour matter? I never thought of that at the time." Mrs. Charlton came back, and held out her hand to lead Puck away. "Mother," he said, "I want you to send a telegram for me, and Puck will slay to lunch." The telegram was to Colonel Wcatherley, and said: "Puck-is here, and has ex plained everything. Will you come to fetch her?" * _ A midday train brought Puck's father, . and he in his turn telegraphed to Hilda. - It was late in the afternoon when 'she arrived, and what- happened after that needs no telling. Early in the New Year there was a wed-, ding, at which Puck was chief bridesmaid, although she did not deserve to be; and the bridegroom, whose income was not suf ficient to compass a diamond tiara, gave her the most- delightful tricycle she could, have imagined in her wildest dreams. 