Levallion's Heir. CHAPTER XXXV. GOOD-BYE. '' Pardon tho faults in me, For the love of long ago ; , - Good-bye. I must drift across the sea, I must sink into the snow — I must die. ^ ±Jut it* was npt to Levallion Castle that Adrian Gordon camo in the crisp blue and I gold oE the autumn morning. , Ravenel, seated on her bed, with her atuggish blood barely moving in her veins, leapt to her feet as her door opened. ' You !' she criod, and if for an instant her face was transfigured, the next she put out her trembling hands as if to warn him to stay where he was. ' How did you get in !' 'As men do who storm a city wall,' he might havo answered, truly ; but he only Baid ' Quite easily,' and let hiB eyes look thoir fill on the face of tho only woman in tho world. ' The matron after one shrewd glance turned her back on them. But it was trouble wasted ; neither of them thought of her. Her eyes were on him as his on her. And the dead, ugly pallor of her face, that had been like a roso, tho black circles round her dull eyes, tho thin transparency of her handB, made him catch his breath for 'agony of pity ; but she never saw how worn he was because she was looking in his eyes that she had ijever hoped | to see again. ? . ' Seventeen days of it,' he thoncrht, ' and ?be looks like this! How will she look after months — years ?' 3?or thoy would never dare to hang her, to break that slender neck with a rope in a prison yard. Yet he knew after one look at her that if she were founcl guilty, evon of manslaughter, it meant death for her ! Death in a prison cell, alone. The man's heart-break choked him. Six feet of bare door lay between them, that was all yet shame and tho grave could part them no moro utterly. ' Nel,' ho said, for the minutes were flying, 'I had to come. You're not angry !' ' No,' Bho whispered. And if for a minute she had thought he brought hor good news,' she know now ho had nono. Goraon turned and saw the matron. Before he 'could speak she deliberately put hor fingers in her ears. . Ten juries might ask her what they said, and she could tell them nothing. The look in the woman's eyes Bent Adrian to RavenoPs side. ' Nel,' he whispered, ' tell mo for * God's sake who you saw in that room, and why you lied at tho inquest. Did you think it was I ?' ' I know it wasn't now. I might always have known, but I couldn't think — aftorward.' ' But you did seo somo one ?' , ' I said nofr,' quietly. ' It wouldn't do mo any good now to lot them know I lied.' ' If I had done it twenty times I wouldn't havo had you hold your tongue to save me.' Ho was hoarse with pain. ' How could you think that I, who'd gone to London, was in Levallion's house?' ' I didn't think.' Sho mot his eyes with hers, dull from nights of agony. ' I took down the bottlo ; looked up, and thought I saw you going out the door ! I was frightened. I felt as if I had soon a ghost ! When Jacobs growled and bristled I ran. And then — the stuff killed him.' Horror twisting her pale lips. 'How could I toll? How was I to know you had not como back, for some reason t I — I novor for ono second thought you killed him. ' My own heart,' said the man, with a broath like a ssb, ' don't defend yourself to mo. I know you noyor thought that. But if you won't tell about tho figure you saw, I will. Don't you know somo ono must ?' ' You'd do no good,' gontly. 'Only make me a liar. And oven now, Adrian, I couldn't swear tho figuro was real and not my fancy. I'd boen trying all that day to put you out of my mind.' - 'But you said tho bottlo was warm !' ' Quito warm,' sho shuddered, 'like blood. But that waB what frightened me — aftorward. I remembered what you'd said about poisoning him— and yot I wouldn't, wouldn't boliovo i ' Some ono had boon carrying it in a hot hand,' ho criod. ' Tho samo person who put thoso bottloB in your room. Did you think I would havo dono that P' bitterly. 'I know you wouldn't, but you raust'romem ber that I knovr nothing about thoso bottles till my qvidenco was finished,' simply. 'There's a God, thoy say!' hp said I betwoon his teotli. ' If thoro is Ho won't lot tho guilty oscapo. Nol, promiso mo some thing. Trust mo, oven if things como to tho worst. There'll bo help somowhoro !' very low. ''Not for mo,' quiotly.' 'You'vo been trying all this timo and found out nothing. I seo it in your facn. ' I thought of Mrs. Murray,' he said, pain fully, ' and I'm afraid I'm wrong. Sho had nothing to gain and rovongo to loso. Tho talk would havo booh worso than death, to him.' A quiok look of pain oamo on hor faco. 'I know,' Bho muttorod. 'Tho duohess told mo.' He ans(wered with that ntter honesty she had loved in him. ' Nel, you would not believe what Hester says about Levallion. Ho never went to that houso id Eaton Place, except once, when they thought the boy was dying. He gave her money, but she lies when she says he kept on going there. You knew him better than that.' \- ' I never believed it,' she answered quietly, loyal to the dead, as she had been to tho liv ing. ' Now you know why I could not answer you , about ' Mrs. Gordon,' he whispered tninmng tliat assuredly no wickeder woman than Hester Murray trod the earth. ' It was she herself!' ' Never mind her.' With sudden passion she caught his arm. ' Lot her be ! Adrian, do you think I'll ever see you again, face to face, like this ? Por I shan't ! Talk of your self, talk of something I may remember when' — sharply — ' till I die.' ' I'll see you hundreds of times, please God. Day in and day out,' but his eyes were not on hers. 'louwont, you can't!' The self-control that had held her since that dreadful night gone now. 'Adrian!' she cried, wild, terrified, broken, ' they'll hang me. I can't prove I did not do it. Help me, comfort me, make me bravo.' If ten matrons had been' looking on he would have caught her to' him. 'Never,' he said, low, in her ear. 'Not while I can speak and see.' But what he meant never dawned on her. ' Put that, thought from you. I swear you can.' 'For with that rag — and his tweed suit could easily bo torn — there was one wav open still. ' If they let mo go to- morrow, the world would think we did it,' she gasped. ' There's blood between us. We'd be as far apart as if I died.' ' If t never see you on this side tho grave.' the man cried passionately, ' do you think I'll ever bo really parted frota you ? What aro a few years — when some time we'll wake and find it's the Resurrection Day ? Love, don't grieve!' For as he spoke see remembered how once it was she who had meant to creep to his side when the dead came out of thoir graves, and now God had mado that the onlv linn a left. ' Listen,' he said. ''I'll have to go in a miniite. I »ame to toll you something. I let you think I'd found out nothing ; I've found | out ono way. They'll bo no death for you, my I sweetheart, no prison. I can't tell you what I know, but it will set you free.' ' No, no, no !' tears blinded her. She caught him to her madly. 'Not that, never that.' ' Not that.' Ho hushed hor like a child ; and if ever a he was pardoned, his was. ' Be at peace ; not that. Oh ! what did wo do that we should end like this ?' ho broko out fiercely, more to himself than her. 'My heart, we'll wake some day in Para dise,' she said, very low, for his passion steadied her. 'And perhaps it won't be long.' He stooped and kissed her as a man whoso minutes aro numbered ; held her close in agony that hurt her and him. ' Be bravo,' he muttered, for ho was brotcon utterly. ' Remember you're safe. Eat what they give you,' and the homely, kindly detail was dreadful in its tender care. ' Think of Tommy and of me, who'll be happy — and God knows how happy — when you're free.' - Somehow he put hor away from him as the warden knocked at the door. But outside in tho free air he shut his teeth and prayed ho had not lied to her. For suppose what ' he had in his mind was nqt enough to set her clear ! It was not hope that had brought him to Valeliampton gaol. If there wore none at Levallion Castle — and there could bo none — 'I pray God my shoulders are broad enough,' he thought, turning away. CHAPTER XXXVI. A MOUSE ' HOLE. 'Well,' said Allington, grimly, 'you ruined a fine theory for me last night with your wife. I thought for a solid hour that. I could put my fingers on the man who killed Levallion.' * '? \ Tho two were strolling up and down tho open lawn at Levallion Castle. Perhaps Mr. Allington made a guess as to what had de ferred Adrian Gordon's arrival till three in tho afternoon, but he said nothing. Tho faco of tho new Lord Levallion, who in a few moro days would be plain Adrian Gordon once more, aid not encourage comment. ' You don't mean you thought it could bo tho eook ?' he cried, standing still in tho autumn sunshine. ' I did. But' — he flicked tho ash from his cigar significantly — ' it all wont like that.' . ' What put it into your head at all P' drearily. ' A boot boy. Tho only servant who was not called at tho inquest.' And h6 told Sir Thomas's tale of the boating, and the subse quent tender caro of M. Carrousel in finding his protege p now place. . ' That set mo thinking,' he continued, ' I went down to tho housekeeper's room last night when tho houso was quiet; and I found it led into the still-room. ' I don't see much in that,' interrupting him. ' We all know that. It's to keep' the still room under hor eyo. That's all. There's no socond door from tho Btill-room.' ' Isn't there?' said Allington, quiotly. ' Did it never Btrike anyone that a portion of those shelves in that room covers a door, that opens, shelves and all, into tho ' bootholo' undor tho kitolion stairs. 1 confosB last night that with that discovory, and tho oarting off of tho boot-boy, I folt jubilant. But it was all, rubbish. Tho liousokoopor had a lotter from tho boy I thought tho cook had mado away with, to say ho liked Ills now placo which M. Carrousel had found for him. Something Square it was dated, and postmarked Padding ton.' ? ' It's all ono what it was poBtmarkod,' Gordon roturnod, dully. ' It wasn't Carrousel I saw Inst night, and I agroo with you that tho boot-boy business was all bona fido onougli. A dovor Fronohmnn might pound a stupid boy to a jolly from oxnsporation, and tlion turn round and bo kind to him.' ' Who did yoa see last night P' curiously. 'I suppose you'vo been playing detective on Mrs. Murray, eh P' Adrian nodded. , ' I don't know why,' he said, ' for she was m Boulogne all summer. Couldn't have been down here at all. But I took lodgings opposite and lay doggo to watch her. Much I got ! No one went into her house except her lawyers in that case of hers,' as indifferently as if it concerned him not at all and did not Bpell ruin, ' till last night, when I saw a man go up her steps. Something about hira startled me, his back looked familiar ; I don't know wny, Dut i could have sworn I d seen him down here. Yet I knew he was none of tho house party. Ho went in, and I ran out and wired to vou. But before your answer came I knew I d'made an aBs of myself. I'd just got back to my door when I saw the fellow come out, and it was no ono I'd ever seen in my life. I saw his face quite plainly as he lit a cigar. If I'd seen it like that in tho first place I'd never have wired at all. He was just a pal of Hester's. Allington nodded. Ho was as disappointed as a. aog tnac nas discovered an empty rat | hole. , ' What do you think of doing now?' he said. ' The deteotive's are quite hopeless of finding Sir Thomas's mysterious man and woman, I may tell you. That woman who levanted from tho bungalow was their first thought, but sho has apparently fallen off tho earth. As for the man ' — snapping his fingers — ' after pouncing on twenty innocent ypubg farmers, they havo given him np. Unless - ' He stopped awkwardly. Some how lie could not say to Adrian Gordon that he had yet to prove he was not himself that man. Not that Allington thought so, but there was no doubt the police did. ' ' Unless he turns up, directly undor their noses,' said Adrian coolly. But Allington could make no guess at what ho meant. ' What do you think of doing p' he re peated. ' Go back to town, and — — ' ho hesitated. ' Look here. Allington, you don't think thiB business of Hester Murray's looks queer bang on top of Levallion's death, do you ?' ' No.' Unwillingly. ' She'd be afraid to try it — in that case. In any case, you say you know sho was in Boulogne !' ' I suppose I do. She gave mo an address nf a rtnnsion there, and T wrnto. Tfc. won all straight enough. Hullo, here's Tommy !' with annoyance. He had not wanted to seo Tommy. The boy's eyos were too clear, even a lie untold might be written in Gordon's faco he thought vexedly. ' Hollo ; whore' vo you boon ?' he said un comfortably, and then stopped short. ' My God, Tommy, what is it ?' he cried, the dreadful look on tho boy's face moaning only one thing to him. Ravenel was guilty, una nor urotnur uuu luuuu iu uul j ' Don't speak to me,' said tlio boy, hoarsely, 'let mo think. 'I've beon — and I thought it might mean something, but— it can't!' ? Wherever he had been he had been rtyi ningj and his face was white and red in streaks. Allington pulled him down on a garden bench. ' Got your breath,' lie said, but he was afraid, too. At the two pale faces the boy suddenly laughed out, hysterically! ' I'vo mado a fool of myself.' ho said. ' I thought I'd found something. Look here. I went over to the farm where— you JcnoW the Umbrella died P', incoherently. . 'Sho didn't know anything !' cried Alling ton. ' I turned tho farmer's wifo inside out. I suppose you mean by the umbrel/a the woman who wrote thoso lettors to Lady Levallion that can't bo found ?' ' I don t know what sho know, said Tommy, sharply. 'And wo novor will. I wont out toward tho station to see if Gordon liad como down by the two-twenty, and ho hadn't. Coming home I mot Mrs. 'Ward, the farmer's wife, and sho asked mo what she was to do with tho Umbrella's old bonnot or something, but Bho really stopped mo to know if any ' of us would pay for tho Umbrella's board. It seems sho stayed a week thorp, and Ravonol hadn't sont hor enough money to pay for that, and her funeral. I d,on't knowj Anyhow, I r trolled nn with old mothor Ward to soo iust what the Umbrella had loft in tho way of clothes, and to view tho undertaker's bill for mysolf. For old Ward'B a bonRt. Thoro wero Bomo old rags of olotlios with nothing in the pockets, and I said you'd pay tho under taker,' turning to Allington. ' I was staring round the place and I saw a piece of paper, just an edge, stioking out between the floor and tho wall. I hooked it out, and thoro waB a mouse Jiolo behind it ; tho mice had dragged the thing in thero. ' Old mothor Ward gavo a yell. Said .tho Umbrella had hold that thing in hor hand till sho died, and she'd wondered what had bo como of it. I thought, oh ! I don't know what I thought, ' miserably, ' but it isji'tany good. Hero's tho thing, and it doesn't mean any thing.' ' It's tl torn tologram !' said Allington, peering ovor Gordon's shoulder as ho snatched the papor. ' What's that on tho back of it P.' ' Nothing,' said Tommy, ' only 1 pound or something!' Adrian Gordon, liko a man in a droam, stared at the dirty mouse-oaten thing ho hold, It might bo meaningless onougli to Tommy and Allington, but to him. ' By — lie said bolow his broath. I ' Heater !' 'What do you moan?' criod Allington, startlod. t HLook !' ' grimly, his oyoB as hord aB Levallion's had ovor boon. And Allington mado out tho tattorod tolo gram. 'Wirodosoript — Bocngo. Immo— ' tlio nd ''dross was oaton away, thoro was no signature. ' I don't soo what you moan 1' ho ox olaimod. Gordon pulled from his pockot that lottor from Ponsion Booago coucorning Mrs. Murray. 'Now, do you undorstand?' ho oriod. 'Sho was in Boulogno all summov — according to that. Yot tho man who wroto it wirod to hor to dosoribo herself. Tho meaning's ^ cloar onough. ' Wire dosoription to Bocago, immo diatoly,' that's how tho tologram ran. It was Hostor Murray Tommy saw that night — and sho dropped it.' 'But how could tho womnn who died como by it ?' said Allington, doubtingly. Tommy jumped up. .... ? ? You nevi^r knew her !' he cried. ' Shn was always creeping and crawling ronnd that man and woman ths night I did, and that was what she wanted to tell Ravenel. Oh, if she hadn't died i' he caught his breath. » She had slmn. ears,- the Umbrella. She may have hiiJ? every word tliey said. And now we'll new know.' F, 'Now, on the contrary, we've tho only -jf6 we've ever had,' Gordon returned. ' YdaW a fool, Tommy,' staring at the reveres of 1 the telegram, ' with your ' 1 pound It'g ' I found* written on the back of it, and some thing else I can't make out. But ev«n «,;n. out it, we've enough for— Hester ' Murray savagely. « ' Sir Thomas dived into his pockets. 'Whoever the woman was,' he cried hunting vigorously, 'I've got something belonging to her. You didn't know that when Jacobs went for the man that night tie tore the woman's cloak, did you ? And— Oh ! here it is !' gladly. ' I've had it ever since.' He laid in Allington's hand a scrap of ' black satin, with a torn bit of chinchilla liUUglU£ LU H, Adrian stared at him. ' Why, in heaven's name,' ho said blankly ' didn't you Bhow that at tho inquest?' ' 'Because I'm not a fool,' returned Sip Thomas. ' The room was full of men. How did; know any of 'em hadn't been drinking chaT^I pagne in tho moonlight with a lady, and go off and toll hor Bhe'd been seen looking in. windows. Besides, then, mind yon, I thought it was you I saw on the rock, and I didn't care who it was with you, because I'd proved it wasn t my sister. Adrian winced. ' I can't say much for your eyesight!' ho ; cried, with sarcasm. ' Last night Allington says you wore quite ready to think the man was Carrousel.' The words cut. ' 'I never said it was Carrousel I saw oh the rook that night,' said Tommy, suddenly very wliito and quiet. ' I never thought it.\ He's got a beard. But I'll tell you this mnoh. If you'll find tho woman who owns that cloak, ® and give mo time— I'll find tho mon !' ' Time's just what we haven't got. And I don't believe you'd know tho man if you ie\l J| ovor him,' unbelievingly. 11 ' I mightn't,' said Tommy, composodly.Ji ' Bnt — Jacobs would.' /f And neither man believed him. |l] ( (To be continued.) 