Stewarts Broofi: Concert. ? . ? » ? [FROM A COItRBSl'ONDE.Vf] Tins ovent passed off most successfully, tho hall being literally packed, and those performing had an appreciative audionco. Space will not permit mo to dwell ou the merits of each por formor, all I can say is that each and all placed aud sang very creditably, but I cannot pass without thankicg Miss Leo, Mr. Baker, juu , Messrs. Hocking, Bros., and little Ogla Clif ford fur thsir va'uablo assistance iu helping to mako tho ooncert such an overwhelming success ; also to Messrs. Cummings, Graham, and Watt for atteuding to doors. The Brook Minstrels perforrred their part exceed ingly well; Mr. Cory, as Interlocutor, was natural. Mr. H. Francis mado up very well as a woman in tho farce Mr. W. Baker, juu., is uo stranger, but woll established as no mean amateur, played and sang in his usual natural comic manner, for which ho has un doubtedly a natural gift. Mr. E. J., Hockitig was t.ho star of the evening ; this gentleman is a born comic, and delighted tho audionco with his clever acting, his character song brought the house down, both ho and Miss Lee receiviug a'reeall. Miss Lee, who is al ways a favorite at Stewarts Brook, played tho opening overture with brilliancy. ;-tbis young ladyhas been for a period under a first-class teacher, and has now returned home, and evidently, by the manner in which she played, ? had applied herself pretty closely to ber studios. Mrs. Kilbride sang 'Sweetest story ever told;' this ladv lias a most musical voice, aud ang with doop feeling. Messrs. B. J. md W. Blocking's overture (piano and -anjo) was much appreciated. Mr. Dory's l'ecitatiou was well rendered, tfr. Sopor with his club exhibition Yas a real treal, and his clever per !ormanco delighted the audience, [jittle Miss Ogla Clifford sang her long very clovorly. Tho comic sketch )y Messrs. E. J. Hocking and W linker, juu., was in merit superior to iny thing I'vo soon ou tho Brook jefora 'The duet, ' Convent Bolls,' was well vendored by Mrs. Kilbrido md Mr. Price. Mr. E. J. Hocking saug ' Soldiers of tho Queen ' in a stylo which proved him a Britisher. Mr. Biker sang a sentimental song in very good tono, which was well re ceived. Miss Leo, with her pleasant liappy face, sang 'sTho cows are in tho corn,' which brought her a recall. The 'chairma.11, Mr.' Weir, then thanked the performers on bolialf of Mr. Brown, also the audionco for their patronage. .The ovcrgrcop farce thou to now eel, w 111011 cauuea no oua 01 mn. Mr. Pascoo's mako up as ghost wos excellout, and he performed his part woll. Tho National Anthom being sung, tho hall was soon cleared for dancing, which was kept up till the early hours of muruing. 