? ^TBLTa&SD; BT S^SW&JLt; ARRANSESIBiW. COPTRIGHT. . OHATl'EE (Continual.) Vy 73. SB. Tar/eon, Mftor of "Ihe Great Porter Square My«tery," "Grif," . -The Saowd Nunret" ••Miriam Eozella," "A F«ir Jewels," "The Golden TjSna," '••• " ; Tke Betray«l of Jolrn Fordham," &e.;, ,&c.; It was during '.one of his later visits to Paris tliat he mot: the young lady who beoome hk second;, wife. The .passions and inclinations of men; are matters of impulse utd inheritance,'and though they may be emtrolled thqy cannot be; destroyed. . The moment Barnard Maubray saw Gabrielle a nsw flower of lore took root in his heart, and her image accompanied him when he went from her presence. She -was very little older than his .daughter Valerie, and it might bsve been::--thought > -that the disparity in their ages would have held him back. But strong-minded as he was, the ~ohatm- 'had 'fallen and " he could not resists-it. H : occasionally the doubtintaided itself ihat the union of a lady with a man old enough to be her father was unwise, it was instantly'dismissed. In the lives of most men there are overwhelming tides which carry them.onward despite "themselvea. •.'• That Bernard Hanhray- loved Gabrielle passionately in no way - lessened hie love for Valerie; ithelpedfindeed, to strengthen it, Inasmuch as it opened the door to a closer md more conetant-oompanionship with his dear child. It would also impart new sweetness to GrabrieUe's 1 union with him, for. she would have, a'.companion .of her- own ageolwaye by. her side, .* He . encouraged every ligamentfavourable to the consummation of his ardent wishes, and dismissed every argu-. ment whicla bade him reflect .before he took the final step. .. There were pecnliar circumstances which 4nmed him co. Gabrielle'e father was so snfetngled in-pecuniary, difficulties that ruin etsted him in . the face: .Not only ruin but. Sahononr ; for in his frantic efforts to release himself "from disaster-he hadin.aii -ifibautious moment stepped aside from the path of rectitude. Exposure- meant : dishonour; dishonour meant death. "When Bernard Maubray appeared upon the scene all this was known to Gabrielle, in whom her father, weak and nSnn of purpose; had confided, and her soul yas filled with horror at - the threatened tragedy. Bernard Maubray was the one man who could avert this tragedy, who could preserve her father's honour, and in a moment of despair she consented to be. his wife.: No shadow of this despair -waa visible to Haubray. He loved, and wae.blind. The tadnese of her face was accounted for by the aloud which hung over her father's honoured name, the cloud whioh it was his good fortcfflE to remove.: -To this cause, also, he attributed her -wandering -glances -and the nervous clasping of her hands when he pressed Erissnit. In a certain sense :her : sadness .imparted a spiritual element to her beanty, end, given that her heart was at rest, all else jraswett. But her heart was not atrest.- - She eon- Eentcd .to many Bernard -Maubray, but . she . did not love him. JSad she made this clear, to him he would have-inBtantly releasedher. but she kept her. secret jclose-r^he secret which only one man'could have suspected, - and that man one. of the'base, creatures o? the pjirtli blighted hopes, -^rith-shame and despair j . and lometimes death. .. £!ven:asit was 'she would not hare accepted Bernard Maubray had she not had a firm oonviction that her days were numbered, and that she would EOOI1 go down to the grave with her secret unrepealed. ' By her act she released her father from impending dishonour;-by nature's decree she. would" be saved from a woman's deepeBt-shame. So they were married in Paris, and in the church in which, the.ceremony took -.place lurked the villain who had betrayed her. He kept so far back in the gloom • of unillumined piUars that he did not see the faees of bride and'bridegroom: he heard^the sound of .murmuring voice"; and,.-.the .ceremony, over, he elunk away, twirling --his : -.MepMstophelian moustache .with :an:-air of satisfaction. Xt.was an obstacle removed^ and he was contented. " By my faith, " he murmured, witfi a smile, "I have. had .my pastime, :and-Grabrielle is settled in life. Farewell, my sweet Gabrielle." But if it contributed to:his satisfaction to think that -the. consequences of .-his base act were for ever removed; and.thac they, would play no part in his future, he could hare paid no regard to that dread Fate which weaves its threads in silence and darkness, and overturns the grandest as well-as..-the meanest of mortal schemes at .the moment of ^fruition. We.bnild. our castles and dream our dreams, heedle8s..of the unseen shadow .which waits upon our actions; audio ! when the edifice is crowned and the dream is dreamed, a thundercloud bursts and'lays waste the work of the best years of our life. . Biieb in-his -house, with his bride and- his daughter by his side, Bernard Maubray sent forth a work which set the seal: .upon his renown as one of the world's great painters. Three of his happiest months^went" by, and then the clouds -became. overcast. - ..Gabrielle seemed -to-be .pining.away. • AlWays quietend reserved, she grew even fonder of silence end solitude. With love's solicitude he observed howthin and white she was, how.the •east sound Bt.ruck terror to her heart, how When she was in thought andhevspoke to her she started as thougfctb warioff abldw. He questioned Valerie privately. Had Gabrielle complained? MNo;'' answered Valerie, 'fshe never , complains.". " But she suffers ? " tes, she suffers.'? "Have you tried to ^certain the cause?" "Xes, but she insists that she is quite well." " Is the house Jx>0- cimet for her. Does she -wish for company ?" Ifp, She dreads it.^? And Valerie drew- his : attention to the circumstances that when visitors .came, .or. strangers "were announced, lle t ' desire was to avoid them.: Indeed, at this time, unknown to the-father : and some spot where: die was unknown, and 8 ™5 <»uld remafc^ M all who knew her; He questioned <Jabridle alio, and was distressed by the nervousness and. fear, she exhibited-when they were alone P° 1 frighten you, Gabrielle?''he asked .. no," she replied, /" why should I be lightened when you speak to me?" But even. as she answered /she shnink'-from him andcould not look him in the face. V you have .any grief, confide in me." (i T know"' ^ was never, strong, .you yon strone," he said,, to speak cheerfully: • " A goodT" 1 Te T g»od to me—too good, too She was on.the verge ot tears, and be fore-, tote to question her farther, . AU. that lore : «o(iia uo waa.done—without .avail. Her peace otnnndseemed to be destroyed. _ ^raard Maubray's roost-intimate friend ^sJJr. Weber, a physicito of great SkiU and "Penenee, aud from. this friend he sought f^yjoe. Dr. Weber Eocompamedthe artist notp^ and guve a gentle hint to- Gabrielle of ™®,^JMt of his unexpected visit. v * • •tni £," u6band mistaken." she said, but' Jj»u with that strange Mr of fear about her. * sn^uite.well. Itis only a Utile weak-. 4?? 1 'P aea ° e 1 a m • tfaA'to see Bravely as she spoke she could not command-her voice ; her eyes: filled with tears. Teai-s-came easily nowi ' . " Well, well, madame," said Dr. Weber, "behold me as a friend, not a physician." During the ensuing fortnight he paid several _nsits to Crow's Nest, and makingquiet observance of Gabrielle arrived at -a conclusion. " She must have change of air and change of scene," he said to Maubray. "Of .the two I believe the latter is the more important. She has something on her mind-over whioh she is brooding, and the quiet routine of her liie may bo injurious; Map out a three months' tour, -and do not stop three days in one place. Take her to theatres where light pieces and-light mueic -are being played. . A little frivolity.-will do noharm." . When the .project was : unfolded to Gabrielle she assented to it gladly, even eagerly; It was . as if a wefght were lifted from her soul—from Maubray^s also. His heart grew light at the relief expressed in her countenance.. He shovped her the plan of the tour he had mapped out, and spoke of the pleasure in store for them. . " We will start-to-morrow," he said. ,.„t''We!" she cried, and the light died out of her face. . " You, I, and Valerie," he s^id, wondering at this change in her. " No, no," she exclaimed hysterically. " I must go alone—alone."- " My dearest Gabrielle—r—" . But she would not listen. With a scared look around, panting and weeping, she cried again, " I must go alone—alone." .•••'• So great was :the violence of -her passion that he ceased to expostulalp with her. He .would, not, however, consent to her going-,- -withont a companion, and after, much urging and pleading a compromise .was agreed .upon^. Valerie was to aceompany-her, "and Maubray was. to remain at home. • As, in accordance. with Dr. Weber's advice, the ladies'were to .stop no longer than three days in one* place, it. was arranged that Maubray should address, his letters to the posie resiante in the nex town or city to which they were bonnd. . '^.Tou will write regnlarly," he said to Gabrielle. : " Don't ra&k; me to promise,'.' she said. '' The moment I sit down to write a letter my head begins to acho." ; But Valerie promised to-write two or three mes a week, and with that he was fain to be Content. . So . the adieux were spoken,, and they rode away. Valerie in her lettersspoke more of Ga;hrielle than of herself. Now the invalid was a little .better, now she was not quite so- well, tiow .she said she was: feeling a little , stronger, line and time again did Maubray express his earnest-desire-to .'join them, if only for a, week or 'a few days, but Gabrielle would not hear of it, and somewhat -to his surprise he was dissuaded also by Valerie, who before their departure was very. - anxious that lie should. .accompany . .them.. Condemned : •to . seclusion---he- took • mental refuge: in work;- and spent most of his time in- the Ruined Tower, where r he painted :frpm memory, a marvellons portrait of his wife, absence from, whom -intensified file lore he bore for her. He wrote long letters to the , absent;ones, and to Gabrielle he poured forth' his soul, writing as a young man might have: done under the influence of the first divine dream of -love. If. .sometimes in Valerie's letters there was a forced' gaiety; he did not detect it, having eve only to the brighter issues of-this enforced separation from those he held mosfdear. Thus .month after month went by until four had passed, and then the thunderbolt fell: One morning, without any intimation -that he was- coming, Dr. Weber ascended the steps of the Ruined To°'er, and .stood in the presence .of his friend CHAPTER XI. . Bernard Maubray was putting, the finishing touches to the portrait of his wife, upon which until this day no eye had-fallen, bat his own. With, mingled admiration and distress Dr. Weber gazedupon the beautiful -work.' •- - • " • • . 'fit lives,. Weber," cried the artist enthusiastically; 'fit almost breathes. -What say -you?"- .. .... •.•.• :• - "It is wonderful!" repEed, Dr. Weber; oppressed by the mournful news he was intrusted to communicate. : • • The. sad note in the doctor's, voice drew Maubr&y;'s attention to -him; -but he turned the next moment to the: "engrossing creation 1 of hie loving fancy. "I did not wish you to see it," he continued, " until it was completed. It has been my principal occupation these last two months, and even now I am scarcely satisfied ; it is hardly worthy of the. original, but who .could hope . to. fix upon canvas a face .and form so perfect P It is my gift to her upon her return, .when- she looks upon it she will know, that she , has.. lived in my heart. Valerie's letters lead me to' expect that I shall not have long to wait for our happy reunion.".. • • - " I have heard from her," said Dr. Weber. ; "3?rom Gabrielle ?"' :•:.-•' "No, from Valerie." - \- . , , \- Again the-sadness of his voice attracted the notice.of the artist, and now he gazed upon ^ his friend more attentively. -" I am gnilfy- of great selfishness," he said, - laying : his hand kindly upon his friend'sshoulder. "It -is t.be curse of our nature.: Eorgivc my apparent indifference. Tou are in trouble." ' •-.- .. • . •• : . •: "Tes, I am in trouble ; but not alone for ! myself, Maubray.: There are sorrows which affect us'deeply through sympathy with those Welove." • : ,-:'• Maubray's face grew pale as he laid aside hi8:palette and brushes.' - . 'J Yon have received alettes from Valerie. Does.this'sorrow touch.me?" . 4 1 It touches you, dear friend." " Valerie is ill,'.' cried Maubray. "Then I must go to" her. I was too -weak and irresolute; -they should not have gone without me. I muetga to.them at once—at once!" -' • . ....-... .-,. •. \-- " Valerie is" well," -flaid 'Dr. Weber, - and .his: v<3oe grew more grave.-•' . " . "Good God! It is Gabrielle! Tell me quicldy-^quickly! Why., did not; Valerie write to me? .Speak, man, speak ! . There is something in-your-face '' - "Summon all your fortitude, dear friend. Valerie.did not-write to. you - direct because she feared the ehock." . The shock!" exclaimed Maubray, avague terror stealing upon-him. -- : "She is on her way home; she, will soon be here.'-', •:• • • With- Gabrielle — oh, thank God ! Gabrielle-is.ill; but we-- will -nnrselierintohealth. My care, your skill——" : .- : His- agitation overpowered .him#.- and- hecould net proceed: . i -" Valerie comes alon^" said Dn-Weber,! solemnly. - - "Alone!" Dear friend, fhere are griefs-, which need all our strengfji to bear.: T^iey come to all men; it ie lhe human lot But in .the midst of our anguish we most not be ngardlstc ot those who are still left to.us, and whose lore will help to . soften evai the bitterest sts3cM. of destiny. The sense of d«ty remains; faffls remains; and Time, the healer, will-mitigate our sufferings." " Gabrielle is dead!" said • Maubraj in c mnffled tone, sad turned his face to the wall. " Alas! " ' . In that one word the revelation was aleaj^r made. For many minutes neither spot®; then. Dt, Weber -said; - • . "*!" Valerie-asked me io Break the sad news; she enclosed a letter for yon." " Leave me, Weber," said the bereaved man. " Do not speak, ! cannot bear it. Sha is gone! Gone !" _ v • _He sank into a chair, and covered his face with -hiB hands. ..A black desolation fell upon him ; joy died out. of the world ; nothing but pun and sorrow remained:, The image of Gabrielle presented itself to him, as he first saw her in Paris when love touehed his heart; as he last saw her when she departed with Valerie. Had he but known—had 1 he but known ! The image slowly faded, aud the world was dead. He did net weep ; the blow was too'crushing for the relief of tears. Dr. Weber placed Valerie's letter on the table, and softly left the room. It was a full hour before he stirred irom his recumbent- attitude, and when he :raiBed his head his,eyes-rested^^ upon:-the portrait'of : Gabrielie. He bad ^depicted her with a smile: upon her . face, and / her lips , seemed to be opening:, in the act of speaking. Was it possible.-that this dumb canvas should live and she be dead ? No, it was: not possible ; some deceit- had been practised upon him. •But Valerie's letter, dispelled- this delusion; the wordB swam in his sight, bnt reached^his sense. " She died in peace. Dear father be comforted.": . - A smile,, bitter in its rebellion' against the-inevitable, came from his bps: " Be comforted! " What could comfort * man living in a dead world! This was a great tragedy in Bernard: Maubray's life, but in the heart of this tragedy was a secret, mercifully hidden from him by Valerie, the knowledge of which would haveoverwhelmed him with a deeper despair and a deathless horror ;- a secret which would have shaken to its foundations his belief in human and Divine goodness. Mercifully spared indeed, though his anguish was sufficiently poigngnt without that bitter knowledge which lay hidden in his daughter's breast. So overwhelming was the'desolation of his soul that the presence of his dear child brought no comfort; that the presence of Madame Hartrmann, who came from Paris to consols him, brought no.comfort; that seeing them day by. day, with, the consciousness that they -were, watching his misery with sympathetic' eyes, animated only with the loving desire to find a way to mitigate it, was an added torture to •him.--' « What can we do for yon, dear Bernard f" said Madame Hartmann. "Leave me to myself," he replied. " Nothing will help me but solitude. • I must .be alone to wrestle with-my grief:'' So it fell out—for their pleadings were -useless—that Valerie .was once more banished from his home, and returned to Paris with her.aunt. . "Ycu are not angiy with me, father?" t she asked him on the day of her departure. " Angry with you, my child ? No—Do !" " Ton will send for ine! Yon will let me come home again V' "When I am at peace, Valerie, when I suffer less, I will send for you." Ah, the pity in her face—the tender compassion with which she embraced the father she loved andhonoured ! Was it treachery that die should keep her seerbt close, the secret that brought hot blushes to her cheeks, hot tears to her eyes;: in the solemn watches of the night P. No; it was the truest mercy. Itlay .in its grave at peace, but no grave so deep as to help her to forget. To the last "hour, of.her.h'fe its memory would remain." ** . , For two years Bernard Maubray kept him* self secluded in Crowds NeBt, admitting no friend or acquaintance with the single exception of Dr. Weber, and became uninvited. Upon the first occasion, indeed, Dr. Weber forced himself npon. his friend, alarmed by the reports which, reachei him-of the Btate of Maubray's health. "It is useless to expostulate,'.' said <he doctor; "I am here, and here I intend to remain:. Fiien'ls .are scarce, and I do not intend to lose mine if :my-poor slrill can save him. Tou "are not. over-pleased-to-see me. Very good—or rather, very bad. Neither am I over-pleased to .see .you in the state you are.- My dear Maubray—my dear Maubray!" The underlying affection in this little speech brought a faint responsive smile to Maubray's lipE:- .' ' "Jamg- Iad to see you, Weber," he said. " Forgive the coldness of my welcome." " I will forgive everything when I see the Maubray of old before me. Not this Maubray ..that I see now—why, my dear friend, yon are like a ghost! Now let us be practical. What is the matter with' you P" • " Icannot sleep." I ( For how long has this been so " Many months.". " l am going to examine you. No protests! I. know my business, and you know yours.. •No denying that; and no denying .either: that to waste a talent—a God-given- talent—is a heinous sin. - How many pictures -have you painted this last year ?" " Not one." - "Then you have long arrears to pull up. You shall paint my portrait, so th^t a fitting presentment of myself may go do^-n to an ungrateful posterity.-" . . - : • • "T cannot do it.'-'- "You shall do it. It is the only favour'-I -have ever asked of you, and I will not be denied. I : will give you the first" sitting .to-morrow. Bemember, Iamyourphysician." "I cannot put brush -to canvas till I get some sleep." "I will ensure you sleep;. the lonely lifeyou are leading . is.-sufficient to- destroy-your nerveB and your brain." When did you hear from -Valerie last ?" . " Is she well?" .• • J'Bhe says so." •- • " When did you write to her last?" A fortnight ago." . There was. reproach in the glance Dr. Weber cast, upon Maubray, and he felt it. Life was. beginning.-to stir.-within him :. the friendly irnperiou^ness, the--healthy boister-. oneness of . the doctor were'telling Tipon the -naturally healthy organisation of the artist. • It is not like you,. Maubray, to neglect «o sweet a girlas-Valerie—your only child, who loves yon devotedly." - - " D o I neglect her ?" "Would you ask that question a second time, Maubray?" : "No. You are right in much that yoa say, in much that you imply. But you'seej I am worn at,: 'TheAimev«;ds9leag>Mviiii^ balances me." Although Dr. Weber did not approve of opiates, he-recognised the nc-ccs-it.y of them in this case. - But he, found, that . ordinary -remedies were powerless to produce the needful repose* and he was compelled .to- have recourse .to a deadly drug: of his own-'-pre-- paring, wbidi had the dehired .effect.- In a few days Maubray's eye .was brighter, -his; skin, .was regaining its natural colour. The' drug Dr. Weber .administered, was a dissolr-"- able powder, and one of. its virtues .was that; it was -tasteless ..and. colourless, and that if imparted no flavour to - the . liquid in which -it was .dissolved. Thus a .person talring it •una ware would not:suspect.it5 presence, and. this peculiarity rendered it dangerous, . So great:w«s the benefit Maubray derived from - it that he insisted upon being supplied with. several ..-(doses for use, if needed, afr some -future.time when the doctor's personal^ser- • vices: might not be available. Complying with this request. Dr; Weber was careful' to explain the danger that iay in talcing a larger dose *han he had prescribed. ITO BE oOBxnsinis. 7 ). MC—• ? A^rr^iool Dentists" Society has been formed in connection-with tbe Dratal Hospital, Portland street,. London. . - -At the inangnral lecture it was stilted tbafc less tlian IG per ccut of school boys and cirifi of fln average sge of 12 do not reqnira some treatment for decayed! 