THE MERCHANT’S STORY. “All mj llfo I have been :i lonely jnau, having no kith nor kin nearer than a cousin, and making but few friends around me in the world. There was but one human being for whom I oared more than for myself, and that was Itobert. Strafford. Therefore, when he, with his young wife, died of ferer, and left their only child, a. boy of ten, homeless, with tlie dying prayer that 1 would take .him to my care, I accepted the trust thankfully, and took the orphan child, clothed with the memory and the likeness of his dead father, to my desolate home. " Henry St rafford and myself lived to gether as father and sou. Years strengthened the mutual affeeLion, and brought Henry to manhood—myself to the age of forty, a. silent and—except to him—morose man. I was wealthy by that time ; my business had been my only care, .and had prospered according ly. 1 was looked upon by virtue of my wealth as a prominent man. •• One day 1 was called upon by tlie cashier of tlie bank of which I wtis director. He told me that-his accounts were in a fearful condition ; lie had used the bank money to speculate with, and ill-success bad involved him to a large extent.. Convinced that he had been unfortunate, rather titan inteution alh fraudulent. I made the deficit good myself, lie was grateful—1 thought at first trotihlesomely grateful, lie in sisted that 1 should mecL his family the family, as lie expressed it, that I had saved from absolute ruin. “ Talforth the cashier, was a. man of social prominence, so, more for the sake of my,adopted sou—for I called him that, although he had never taken my name—than for myself, I accepted the invitation, and met his daughter. May Talford ! How the name still seems music to my ear ! Aud so it should seem, for I loved her. “1 called again and again at Tal ford's house, until I began to think that May loved me but little less than. I loved her. Site received every advance kindly, site spoke to me .always with re gard. Neither did l think that Henry went quite as often .as 1 to set' ‘ Miss (Talford,’ as lie always called iter in my presence. “ When I asked Talford for his daugh ter's hand his delight would scarcely al low him to give me an intelligible answer; and when, fortified with that answer. 1 went to May for hers, aud received, as I remembered when it: was too late, a cool but ready assent. I thought I was the happiest man alive. “ Tlie next day I went to town, and while ostensibly on business, spent the whole day at tlie jeweller's. T bought a ring aud had engraved upon the in side my initials and hors. With tills accomplished, I returned home immedi ately. When I reached there it was late at niglit. I had to pass by Tal ford's, and my heart beat bigli with exultation as 1 neared the home of my future bride. I took the ring from my pocket and slopped under the street lamp, to see if it was safely in its case. I was childish in my love ; men at that age often are. ' “'While standing under the lamp just across the street from Tall'ord’s, the front door of his house was thrown open. I raised my eyes, and there was May herself. She was showing a caller down the steps, and triumphantly I i stood and watched him linger, as if loth to leave. I felt a kind of condescend ing pity far tlie poor fellow, supposing that ho was some old lover. “ ‘ What! not gone yet ? Still siand ,“’k!3S there ? Poor fellow !’ I thought. Then I felt my heart leap wildly and stand still—the blood freezing in my veins. I saw May Talford in another man’s arms .—saw him rain kiss after kiss upon her upturned face, and then I could see that site had fainted. “He bore her gently into the house, and then came out As the door opened 1 saw his face; it was white ns . njoyble. and it was tlie face of Henry *> rsti-iin'orrt. ’ “ He passed on down the street, aud I stood there in the- pouring rain, stunned and almost bereft of my senses. ’Presently the stunned sensation left me, aud then my lilood leaped fiercely to my heart, my passion turned to a wild desire for revenge, and I started almost at a run down the street in the direc tion that Henry had taken, livery feel ing of love that 1 had entertained for him only made me hate him more. “I tore into the place I had called home, and wont directly to his room. 1 found him sitting aL his table, wiLh his head buried lie! ween his hands. He arose to meet me, hut, seeing the look upon my face, stopped short I raved fit him ; 1 raisetl my baud to strike him ; hut his white, calm face daunted me ; he spoke uo word, f raved on. Then, little by little, he learned the truth, and when, exhausted, I stopped for breath, he advanced one step to ward me, and, almost without opening his mouth, said— “ ‘ Your eyes did not deceive you ; it “ Glaring at him, I stood before tlie appealing face, crushing compassion down in my auger, and, pointing to the door, cried— “ • Go !’ “ He quivered from head to foot. Slowly' lie moved back step b.v step, and i’ followed him : tlie mute appeal in bis eyes was useless ; oil, on, until lie readied the door ; tiien. turning me chanically to undo the fastening, lie went out into the night without another look, out into tlie pitiless min, aud I was cold as stone. “ I watched him walk slowly off into the darkness, and when the gloom ou ' "vdoped him I fainted. “ AVlien I came to my senses the rain had ceased, and the shirs were shining calmly. A distant church clock began to strike the hour, aud I counted the strokes—one, two, three. "All night long I sat in my chamber. T felt as if a hot iron laid seared my heart, aud brain. The grey morning broke aud found me sitting there. The •sun rose and danced upon m.v nerveless fingers, but. I moved them not. To have looked at me, one would have thought that I was dead. “At last I staggered to m,v feet, and passing out into the now busy street, walked mechanically, without: the exer cise of any reasoning faculty, toward the residence of Talford. I asked for May, anti was shown into the parlour. I was so unobservant of sound or sight Hint T did not know she was in tlie room until, touching me on the arm, she asked me in a. strange, cold voice what the matter was. I started tit the sight of her face : it was haggard as that of a ghost. “ ‘ May,’ I managed to say, ' last “ But. she stopped me. “ ‘ Last night, Mr. Hardin ! You need not tell me ; I know all.’ “ ‘ Y’ou !’ “ ‘ Y'os,’ she answered ; ‘ I, Slay Tal j’ord, know it all. And listen to me, .Tohn Hardin.’ Her eyes gleamed wildly, and I, who had come to speak, remained to hear. ‘ Listen to me, John Hardin !’ she repeated. ‘ I love Henry Strafford—he loves me.’ liven at that I did not move. She continued : ‘ Last night lie came to bid me farewell for “ ‘ For ever ?’ “’ ‘ Wait! Yes, for ever ! He could not help loving me, nor I him ; but wc could do our duty, aud if you had not been passing last night, that farewell would have sealed the marriage tie of John Hardin, to May Talford. That is all. As you told him last night, I tell you now—go ! We owe you much, and if tlie debt lias not been paid you have yourself to blame. Ouce more, my last word to you Is—go !’ “ She came toward me with a wild gleam in her face, and before her, slowly retreating, I passed put of the door. I have never seen her since. " I knew then hew. much these two had intended sacrificing for me. I folt how I bad repaid their devotion ; end sadly, with bowed head, unheedful of the crowd, I went to my lonely home, more lonely now than ever. “ Since that day my remorse has driven me from one place to another in the search for Henry Strafford. Vain search I have never seen nor heard of him since that night when T watched him pass away, laden with 'my curse, pass a way for ever from my sight with that, appealing loot; upon his face. A bitter, hitter world is this, when re morseful memories haunt the vacant, chambers of the heart." 