At a Crisis. BY THE AUTHOR OP "AN AUS TRALIAN GIRL." ; COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER III. It was on a sweltering day of December that tlie . Pasha, a well appointed steamer of 5000 tons, trading between Frenian tie and Singapore, anchored within sight of v/osieiloo, tlie little seaport town on the north-west coast of Western Australia, at which Beatrice and her friends the Lcins- ters were to land. No one could, however, come on board, or leave the boat until pra- tique was granted. When tliey approached within signalling distance, the captain ha'd ' been notified that the doctor, who was the Government health officer, was absent; but "- expected to be back by 5. So tliey had to '! .wait for hour after liour; while the '.blazing ; midday gave place to the steaming heat of tlie long airless afternoon, and the waste ' of drought, stricken country, without trees ; or herbage, that stretched away interininf : ably from the sea, lay under the cloudless , pallid sky, with a slight haze bcgiriiiihg to . -cast -a merciful veil over the earth's ap palling nakedness. "You may bet your boots that the doctor, won't be baqk in time," said one of the passengers, who, being a resident of Costcl- loe, might he supposed to know something of the habits of the district. According to him, one-half the time was spent by ' the floating population of the.place;ih recalling the last Singapore boat; and the other half in expecting the : next; "So if the' doctor doesn't come till daylight, there'll be all these fellows hanging about, until flicy can sample the Pasha's whisky; nobody , ever goes to sleep at Costelloe," he explained, "it isn't the way of the place." "Imagine coming to such a region, Bea trice; merely to trace the migration of .words in tlie. dialects of the blacks," said Mrs. Leinster, who reclined on a lounge, alter nately 'dozing and fanning herself, with Beatrice on one side of her, and Dr. Lei lis ter 011 the other, under the deck, awning,., well within the hearing of the speaker. "Yes, isn't it sugegstivc?" said Dr. Leins ter suddenly waking up to hear something said of liis own absorbing pursuit; "the na tives of this district use the same word for clouds, woman, breasts, a well and milk." "Yes, ifs suggestive, but I do not knoiv that it is enough to die for, as one may very well do in such a hole; poor dear Bea trice, I'm afraid you'll be sorry you came," sielier Mrs. Leinster as she beckoned to one of the Chinese boys, clad in spotless linen garments, to order glasses of iced lemonade. But Beatrice was not inclined to grumble, for she, was more impressed by Iflie picturesque strangeness of her surround ings than by apprehensions of the hard ships that might await her. She had been - up since early dawn, and the first sound she had heard was the long drawn-out chanting of a Mahometan on the steerage deck, calling out "Lail-lah-il-ullaho! Lail-Iah-il- ul-ulia-ho - — " (There as no God but God). He was said to bo a Mollah, who was half crazed by the murder of bis brother in an Afghan affray at Coolgardie. Then no - sooner had the disciple of Mahomet finished ilis devotions than two tiny Japanese women, looking with their almond eyes and embroidered robes, like figures on an east ern screen, appeared on the same deck to fan themselves and enjoy the cool of the dawn, while tlie sky was filled with that soft rose-red light that precedes sunrise in the tropics. At Gastcin, a port of call on the way from- l'remantlc, she had received the' fol lowing telegram from Mrs. Middletoh: — "My husband suddenly called away to cattle; sta tion. . Norali and self will be at Costelloe to ineet you on the 19th. If you arid friends arrive before then, please put up at CoJtel- loe Arms. Hope .tlie Leinsters will come;on witluus."; So/ far ftohi the Leinsters being able, to do this, however, it turned out, when tliey landed about dusk, that Mr. .Koch, nn old bachelor friend of Dr. Lcin- ster's, whs in waiting with a trap and horses to.dvive tliein at once to his "shanty," as he called his residence, on a small station lie had 30 uiiies away. He had come in on business '011 tlie previous day, and. finding tliat'the steamer, was expected, lie had wait ed all day, and explained that travelling by moonlight was infinitely preferable to driv ing iii the glare of a December sun. Mrs. Leinster demurred to leaving Beatrice until her. relatives came for her on the morrow. But tlie girl lnughed, and declared that she would.be quite disappointed, if on coming to the far bush where the pelican builds, she did not get beyond the tame conventions of a Melbourne suburb. Besides here was the landlady, Mrs. O'Hara, who still retained the brogue and complexion of a true daugh ter of the Emerald Isle, placing herself and her hostelry at the young lady's feet with fervid devotion. "Me brother, Dan Mur phy, has been in the imploy of Mr. Middle- ton for more than. 12 years, and any wan bclangin' to the family is to me as' apple av me oi," she said addressing Mrs. Leinster as the new arrivals stood on a side verandah discussing the situation. The Costelloe Arms consisted of an irregular series of three and four-roomed buildings, chiefly cor rugated iron lined with rimtch board, joined together by verandahs and roofed in pas sage ways. "We're abliged to build scperate, but clost together for fear av the willy-willies' that do come tearin' the .very inlhrails ouf g== av iveiything dead and aloive," said the landlady, as she led the way into the room which she placed at the young lady's dis posal. When it first met their view, Mrs. Lei lister and Beatrice could hardly forbear from laughing, so completely did it carry out the idea of a room that had gone crazy in art muslin and great sheaves of native grass. The former was draped and hung, and festooned round all the doors, and win- Hows and chairs, sprawling in yards on the floor like the draggled ghost of a material that had at some bygone period been re splendent with the aesthetic grace of artis tic decoration. The grasses were in myriads of jars and vases, even a porcelain zebra that had its head broken off was made to carry a bunch, and with every gust of the hot north wind that entered by the loosely . fitting doors and windows, there was a shivering and creaking and rustling, as of a ship in a gale at sea. There were many fantastic curios besides, mostly of an Eas tern character, one result of the place be ing within a week's voyage of Singapore, but mostly in a cracked or invalided condi tion; indeed, hardly an article in the cham ber escaped being crippled in some way. One of the exceptions was a "series of paintings by a Japanese artist, representing groups of 'the YosKiwara girls of Korea, the Geisha girls of Japan, the flower girls of China, and the posture girls of Siain and Burmah. But, grotesque as her surroundings were, a very short time after her friends had driven away, Beatrice was sound asleep. When she awakened to consciousness it was with one of those weird dreams that live in the memory when so many weightier things are lost in oblivion. She found she bad passed into a future state, but in the form of a paper pattern of a garment worn by the Yoshiwara girls. A Chinese poodle that bad lost its head, and wore instead a bunch of wire grass, kept prancing around her in a way that thrilled her with keen an guish. "It is strange," she thought in her 'dream, "that though I am a paper pattern ;1 still feel so much emotion." Then in her sleep she became aware that if the smallest fraction of the paper into which she had turned was torn, all hope of the immortali ty of her soul was gone, and that to lose one's soul through the eapriees of a Chinese 'poodle that had lost its head was the lowest 'depth of all! Presently the .wire grass that composed the poodle's head caught fire, 'and Beatrice distinctly heard herself being 'consumed by a rustling flame. This was followed by hearing her mother say in a 'calm voice to one of the maids — "Sweep up Miss Beatrice's remains, Susan, for she is no more, and call the family to prayers." On this Beatrice started up with her mother's refined accents still in her ears. But when she was wide awake, she heard a man, who seemed startlingly near her, say In a loud crapulous lone — "The man's em phatically mad who drinks the best yet can be sad." _ "That's all very well," answered another in a 6ober voice, "but when you spend one- half your mopuses in drinking, and the other half in racing, you'll soon go the way of so many others in this district." "Now, as you hope to give a good account of yourself on the Day of Judgment, don't abuse this district," said the first speaker with solemn inebriety. "Why, look at me, inan. I came here an unprotected orphan .with two collars and a toothbrush a couple of years ago, and now I have an overdraft of over £3000 at the bank in Costelloe. Don't you call that getting on ? Don't you .call it making your way in life?" Beatrice's first alarm as to the proximity ..of the speakers died away as she realised that the partitions of the Costelloe Arms "were of such a nature, as to carry rather than to impede the sound of conversation . held iu loud tones in an adjoining room. Knowing it would be impossible to sleep while this was going on, she rose and lit a . candle, and made a noise by allowing some articles of furniture to collide in order to intimate that there was one within hearing of the speakers, but apparently without at tracting the slightest attention. "Oh, yes," went on the one who was sober, "you'll he getting on in life still bet ter when in another year or so the bank will put the kibosh on you, and you'll be cleared off Illiniwirri, with one collar to your back, and no toothbrush, and you'll go to one of the little gold fields round here to turn out the guts of the earth for gold, and get ty phoid instead. Why, man alive, do you thiuk I have learned nothing inTlhe fifteen years 1 have been here— before you ever set foot on the sands of Costelloe? If you want a place stuffed lull of sand and sin and sor row, and the disease called 'short of cash,' you're in the very region for them. Look at Clayton of Boodgaree, and M'Fie of Stillwater, and Fisher of Oomoo " At the mention of the latter name, Bea trice put down the book she had been not very successful in attempting to read, and listened with breathless attention. "Fisher of Oomoo?" repeated the first speaker, thickly. - "Why, he's taken a new man into partnership lately, and will soon have £7000 or so to his credit in the hank. I know what I'm talking of well enough. I had it from the teller, who is an old crony of-minc. You know Dodgson, the amusing little cuss who acts Ta-ra-ra-boom-de-ay, .with an antimacassar pinned on him by way of a skirt— — ?" The entrance of another man in an ad vanced stage of . hilarious intoxication put an end to the talk, as the one who was sober left the room, saying that he would lie on anaut hill rather than make the' third in such a stifling rden,. Beatrice was. vaguely excited by what she had heard. Could the "new man" spoken of possibly be Harland' Stephen? If so, what set of circumstances could lead him to maintain so inexplicable a silence? The more she thought it over, the more ehe felt assured that -it was not possible. Harland might be weak, and yield to temptations, but he'would never be cruel enough voluntarily to keep his mother in suspense. Was he, perhaps, lying ill and helpless at Oomoo, while Fisher was still away at the northern station? It was some time before she could go to sleep again, but when she did she slept so soundly that she could hardly credit her eyes when she awoke to find it was nearly 9 o'clock the next morning. As soon as she had dressed and break fasted, she went to the post and telegraph office — first to send a message home as to her safe arrival at Costelloe, and then to make inquiries as to whether letters or any messages had passed through for Harland. But in neither office could a record be found of communications having passed through for any one of the name given. "At the same time that does not mean that letters may not have passed through our hands for Mr. Stephen without our noticing any part of the address, beyond the name of the station, said the clerk in charge. It is only in the event of any one coming here and saying, 'Send any let ters that may coine for me to such a place," that we would ask him to give a written order to that effect. Counting the cockatoos that is, the little men who have from 5000 to 10,000 sheep, there are 33 sta tions that get their letters through this office. Well, if a man goes to any of them, and his mail is addressed there, it is simply sent on without note or com ment. You say that Oomoo is the station you had reason to believe Mr. Stcpiien had gone to. X hear that Mr. Fisher came back last night from Alloween'a — his station in the north — he'll most likely he here in the course of the morning; shall I tell him that you would like to sc-e him? To this Beatrice gracefully assented, but no Booner had she left the office than it oc curred to her that it might he better for her to see the man before lie knew any thing of her presence from anyone before hand. For aught she knew, he might be at the Costelloe Arms. But on putting the question to Mrs. O'Hara on getting back there, she was met with an eloquent denial as to the possibility of Selway Fisher of Oomoo ever again putting a'fut insoide the Arrums. "My poor ould mahn," she went on to give an account of the matter con amnre, "is wan av tliim, that tlirough the visitation av the Almighty and tastin' a little too much of the crather, wid the sun slantin' on yees to the point of making the wather boil for tay, is at the hist of toimes slack and onfit for-business — quite the other way is me bhoy Dinnis— who now moinds the bar, and is as steady from the first day av the year to the last as the stone that loies at the head av his grandfather in Arra-na-Cushla, in the County av Clare — and may his soivl rest in pese." Thus, with many divigations, Mrs. O'Hara told her story, which, briefly put, was to the "effect that in the course of a few months Fisher ran up a bill for liquor supplied to liini at the station, to the extent of £40. The O'Haras pressed liim for the money, hut he put off payment on one excuse or another, until one day lie said he was going to write out a cheque, and in the mean time ordered a mngiiu#) of the best cham pagne they had in the place. But Mrs. O'Hara mistrusted him, and said they could not give him any more credit. "Av alii the madniin that iver were seen in this world lie was the maddest. I just thot he would devour me, hail- and slippers and alii," she said with dramatic- gestures that strained Beatrice's gravity to the utmost. Then the voluble little woman described how he cooled down, and paid the ready money, and asked for pen and ink to write out the Cheque. At that moment Mrs. O'Hara was called away, and her husband, as ill-luck would have it, went into the parlor, where Fisher was drinking the champagne; lie treated the landlord to a bumper, and conversed most affably for some time. Then, rising to go out, he said, "As Mrs. O'Hara is detained so long I must get you to receipt this bill, which I've just paid in full." O'Hara fell into the trap, and receipted the account which had been rendered for the last time that day. Fisher then invited him to go out for a stroll, went to the Bank, leaving O'Hurn waiting for him outside, got the cheque cashed that he had written out for the amount of the bill, then said, "I have some business at the 'Squatters' Rest,' be sure yon don't Ioec those notes, O'Hara," and went off. O'Hara was mystified, and wlieu he got back related wbnt bad taken place. They divined that the man meant fraud, and this was put beyond all doubt when, on sending the ac count to him once more, they got a letter from Fisher, saying he did not know what was the meaning of sending in a bill that was paid to, and duly receipted by, Timothy O'Hara. The landlady was called away be fore she had finished her recital, and Bea trice sat for some minutes debating -whe ther she could bear to go and interview a man who had been guilty of such base trickery. But the next iustunt she had banished this scruple, and was walking rapidly towards -the "Squatters' Rest," which was about half a mile southward from the "Arms." It was now after 10, and the sun was streaming down with a calm persistency of blistering heat that was quite a new ex perience for Beatrice. But she was clad in a cool muslin gown, and a white gauze veil and a wide sunshade protected her from the scorching rays. The empty desolation of the country around — the. reddish plains, broken by stony ridges, further inland by thirsty looking shrubs, and groups of straggling famished gum trees held her gaze with a kind of weird fascination. Groups of men, attired in the severe simplicity of loud- patterned shirts and grey kbakce or blue dungaree trousers, banging loosely on the hips, or kept in position by well-worn saddle straps, made the air lurid with crim son adjectives, as they talked' loudly by boarding bouses of sordid aspect, A cloud of red dust in the distance now and Ihon marked the approach of a horseman, a smal caravan of camels, or a trap drawn by wiry- looking horses, whose harness was reduced to the very minimum that served to attach them to the vehicles they drew. A gang ot black men in chains were being taken to some work in the vicinity of the township, and as Beatrice passed them she was struck with the reflection that the white man in charge looked more villainous than any of the convicts. , Accustomed as she had become by her duties and training as a nurse to regard the work she had to do as all important, and the claims of convention of no account at all, if the two happened to clash, yet she could not help shrinking a little front the task before her when, as she drew near to the Squatters' Rest, she noted the un- kept, disorderly air of the place, with seve ral men oh the front verandah, most of them already in various stages of tipsiness. But without any visible trepidation she went without looking to the loft or right to a side door not so very far removed from the bar, which, judging by the noise that filled it, must have held a goodly comple ment of rowdy customers. The door to which Beatrice went stood ajar, and as soon as she knocked the landlord came in person. He was fortunately a decent, sober looking man, who, in answer to her inquiry, said tliat Mr. Fisher was in, but had not yet left his room, and asked her if she would wait. On replying in the affirmative ffiie was shown into a small sittingroom, redolent of the fumes of old tobacco and strong spirits. She had not waited more than five minutes when a tall, dark man, well and carefully dressed, came in with an air of pleased expectancy that made Bea trice's manner unusually brusque as she said— "I have come to inquire whether you can tell me anything of Harland Stephen, who came to this district nearly nine weeks ago?" The man started visibly, and the bronzed tan of hi3 face as visibly turned a shade lighter. Beatrice seeing this, kept her eyes fixed onhwfTace -M-|t4L"Tekmt less tenacity. "HasKmAjtgpllfiAgAuflJmercd Fisher, slow/tnjjrtdrmcirg the door whi/li2mJ<5od open, he 'saidy\,|T3ffcuse me one mo Ji<itr-thej Y4 in/tllefcassage who is writing to see Jfurried out, elosinjfKJljj Tis- beMJwb'hp: "Goofh44odrXv0iac'4j>,he done to Har land?" sai5"Bw t TTgyllo herself, in a sud den tremor of horror. The man had evi dently been drinking— his dim vague eyes, and general demeanor, and the strong smell of spirits that hung about him— all told this; hence when taken so completely by sur prise, he had betrayed himself in this crude fashion. For it happened that Beatrice was standing opposite the open door, and there was iiot as much as a cat . in the passage when Fisher hurried out. "But whatever he says," she thought, reviewing the -situa tion rapidly, "I had better pretend to be lieve him. That will put him off. hia guard, and help me more than open mistrust." Presently Fisher returned, saying with as sumed indifference as he entered the room, "You are asking, I think, about someone named Stephen— some one else— Middleton, of Boobandilla, I think, wrote to me about the same matter. One of his hands had an idea that Stephen was with me. I know how the mistake was made. Murphy heard me speak to Stephen Johnson— but as for Harland Stephen— I never saw or heard of him before. Still, mind you, that is no proof that he may not he iu the district, or have been in Costelloe. I am only here now and then for. a hit of a change. I lihve come just now from Woongolbury, my place in the North, and I live mostly at Oomoo, close on 90 miles from here. I suppose you have not been here very long?" "I am on my way to Boobandilla. Mr?. 'Middleton is a relative of mine," replied Beatrice, -who had with difficulty refrained from abruptly ending the interview, as soon as Fisher had denied all knowledge of her cousiu's existence. But she noted that his utterance was rapid, and not very distinct, and she felt it Was possible that he might still further- commit himself, if she talked to him a little longer. "Then, I suppose, you have come on ac count of your anxiety about your brother? Searching for one in this district is like looking for a needle in a haystack. I ought to know, for a friend of mine was lost here a couple of years ago, and a fine chase I had of it before I found any trace of him." "But you did find him eventually?" said Beatrice, maintaining an unmoved demean or, though her pulses were throbbing with excitement, for when Fisher said "your bro ther" without a hint from her that any rela tionship existed between them, she took it as a proof tha t he had seen Harland, and so recognised the resemblance between -them. "Well, I didn't exactly find him," re turned Fisher, "but I learned that lie had gone to Singapore, for reasons that made him not anxious to leave his address Young men have so many ways of getting into a scrape, especially if they take to-sup- porting a corkscrew. May I ask if your brother was always quite steady!" ' "Mr. Stephen is my cousin," .answered Beatrice coldly, as she drew her veil dawn preparatory to going away. "Your cousin?" echoed Fisher, as he ac companied her to thetloorj "well, you look more like his sister— I mean it seems more like a sister to take such a strong interest in a young mau because he does not write for a few weeks— but then, of course, lie may be something dearer and nearer, How does the song go?" Beatrice murmured something by way of thanks and good-bye, asking herself, as Bhe emerged into the hot sunshine, whether it was possible that the man from whom she parted was her cousin's murderer. "But no, surely not that— only there is some evil thing that has overtaken Harland, and this man is at the bottom of it— and now what is to be done to bring it to light?" she said, speaking to herself as if she were holding converse with some one else. Her emotion and the intense heat of the sun—' which now registered 114 in the shade — made her feel faint and dizzy, until she sternly pulled herself together, with the reflection that if she was to do any good at all in this affair she must keep her mind in the normal condition of a sane and healthy creaiture. When she reached the Costelloe Arms she found Mrs. O'Hara on the veran dah facing the north, and pointing to a cloud of reddish dust on the horizon, she said, "That is the waggonette and four com ing from Boobandilla— and av ahl the kind and ginirous ladies that iver was seen in this world your cousin Mrs. jMiddlcton, is the bist." (To be Continued.) 