Dangerous geerecu, COMPLETE IE THIS ISSUE. by E. KERR-LAWSON. cofyiuqht. 1.. OF course you will o o'm o to Hen ley with me on Monday, Dick?" "W e 1 1, there is a certain finul- ity in youp ,, . ' way of. put- ting the question that would seem to leave uio no alternative. But sav, Tom, vou seem quite regatta mad : this' year. Why in the liamo of ull that's mysterious are you so anxious to go to Heniey? I don't want to go— and only two months ago you told me. that regattas bored you to death. What's gone wiong with the works?" Dick Morrivale helped himself to a cigar, and passed the box to liis companion, eye ing him the while. The latter selected a mild 1 lor de Cuba and proceeded, in sil ence, to hide himself in clouds of fragrant smoke. At lengtli a voice came out from the enveloping fragrance : . Its a girl, Dick. But, say, old chap, we shan't have any sarcasms, if you don't mind. I wasn't going to tell you anything about it until . I had sprung , tho surprise on you at Henley. But you're so beastly observant that it's useless to hide anything from you. Dick, she's — What are you laughing at?" "I'm not laughing, Tom, you idiot," said Merrivole consolingly. " I'm interested for your sake, old chap. Tell me what she's like. And if you are sensible and givo me a good description I, too, will Be confidential and tell you of a girl you do not know. Fire away, Tom." "Thanks, Dick. I'm glad you take me seriously. Well, old man, I've known her now for three months— met her at a little social gathering nt Maidenhead ; and since then I've been in heaven and hell alter nately, according as she smiled or frowned. I've been popping down to see' her several limes a week, and you've never smelled a rat till now. What is she like? Dick, you might as well ask mo to gaze full into tlio face of tho noon sun nnd describe its dazz ling beauty. But I'll do my best. " She is neither tall nor short, nnd her figure is a model of perfect feminine beautv. There is" an indescribable grace about her uvery gesture that 'holds one spellbound. Her eyes are large and blue and fathom less; her cheeks are like the sun-kissed Canadian pencil; her hail- is abundant, fair and fluffy, and plays about her face in elfin love-locks ; her hands are of the tiniest, and dimpled like a baby's. But, hang me, Dick, I couldn't do her justice — she's an angel ; and now, Dick, get up and congratulate me, for wo are engaged !" But Dick Merrivale did not get up. He still sat gazing blankly before him. His face was ashy pale, and despair was writ ten plainly ill his every feature. "Tom," lie said, in a sort of gasp, "did you say she was neither tall nor short — had blue eyes and fair, 'fluffy hair?" "Yes," said Tom Stringer, looking puzzled. "And you met Iter at Maidenhead?" "Yes." "Does she live there?" "No. She lives at Taplow — about a mile away." Merrivale almost staggered at this an nouncement. "Tom," he cried, in a hoarse whisper, "tell me — is it Miss Brownlie?" " Yes." II. "Feel better now, Dick?" asked Tom Stringer, supporting bis friend's head with one hand while he held a glass of spirits iu the other. " Thanks, old mail. I'll he all light now," answered- Merrivale, sitting up. " Sorry for making such a fool of myself, Tom." " But there's more than foolishness in this matter, Dick," said Tom seriously, "and you've got to tell me all about it." "So I shall, Tom; but not now — not to night. I could not stand it. Come over to-morrow about ten and you shall have a full explanation. But lielievc me. old man, I congratulate you with all my heart. And now do, like a good fellow, run away homo and leave ine alone. I want to think aud realise things." " All right, Dick. I won't stop to bother you if you feel that. way. But you will explain everything in the morning?" "Yes, Tom." " And wc understand one another, Dick. If there's trouble on the board I'm to have my share. You understand?" " Yes, old man ; but in this case the thorns must all be mine, the roses belong to you. Now go, Tom, and good night." " Good night, Dick." There was ail earnest wring of hands and an exchange of meaning glances, nnd Tom Stringer reluctantly left his friend with his trouble. For u long time Merrivale sat gazing into vacancy, trying to "realise tilings." Then lie lose, up, a haggard of tho Merri vale that had sat down but two hours ago to enjoy a smoke und a little banter witli his friend. He tottered over to liis writing-desk, nnd took up pen and paper. Then he opened a littlo drawer and took out a neatly- tied packet of letters. Ho kissed tlio packet, then hesitated as if undecided what he should do. Finally lie out the siring, and going over to the fireplace made a little heap of tlio letters iu the empty grate, and set fire to it. After which lie went back to tlio desk, and began to write : " Dear Miss Brownlie, — "Three months ago it was my fool's privilege to address you in nearer' terms. That is all changed now. Meantime I do not propose to criticise your conduct, but do you not think your method of getting rid of me was rather cruel? Would it not have been kinder to havo told mo long ago that you did not lovo me? I return you herewith the little kerchief which you said I might keep in pledge of your love. Give it to Tom, to whom' it properly be longs. I have hut one last request to make. Be kinder to Tom than you have been to me. "Yours faithfully, " Richard "Merrivale." From his pocket-book Merrivale took a tiny lace handkerchief, nnd placed it with the letter in an envelope, which lie ad dressed. and sealed. This done, ho took fresh paper and began to writo again. "My Dear Old Tom, — "When j-ou huvo read this you will not wonder that I did not stay to say good bye. Forgive me, old man. but I know you would try to keep mo back. I want to go to tho devil quickly, and am taking the shortest route I know of, via l'aris. Tho 1'ostc Restante will find ine if any thing important turns up. "Now for the explanation I promised you. I met Miss Brownlie first about a year ago. She was living with an obi aunt ut Maidenhead, while sho studied music. Tho rest of tho family, whom I havo never met, hud their home at Taplow, but at that time were- on' a prolonged visit to America Acquaintance sonn gave place to friendship betweon Miss Brorvnlio and myself, and on my part, at least, to a much warmer feeling. I began to perse cute her with attentions, and, fool' that I was, I thought I was encouragod. I per suaded her to correspond witli mo, which she did— out of pity, I suppose. Tiren I? became hopeful, und ' began to run down to Maidenhead nearly ovorv day, neglect ing my. work woefully, and, you know, I had that B.A. exam, to writ'e off. Evi dently she sitw the danger I was in, and one day sho met me with a very serious countenance and told me she did not in- tend to -bo the cause of my failure; that she had decided not to see me or writo to ine again until I had secured my de gree. That was Romewhat over threo months iigo, and, as.you know, I have' writ ten my exam., nnd am waiting the. result. "Of course sho was tired of me, and wanted to let me down as easy as possible, und there is no .blame whatever attached to her. I've been a blind fool, and have, brought about my own ruin, but that is no reason why. you should not he happy with the most beautiful girl in tho world. ' And so, old fellow, I wish you joy — you nnd your lovely .wife that is to be." Don't for get the good old bachelor, days, though, and drop. mo a line when you can. . Good bye, Tom'.— Yours ever, ' Dick." "There!" said Merrivale, sitting. back with a sigh of relief. " That job's over. There's no use in my telling Tom what I think of her conduct. As long as she loves him, what does it matter?' And now for tho dizzy whirl of forget fulness." Merrivale began to pack his Gladstone bag. III. " Oh, Tom, what a pleasant surprise i I did not expect you down before Henley Regatta. But what is the matter, Tom? You look so pule and anxious!" No, Tom's description had not dune her justice. Her's was a beauty that beggars description. And as she stood on the lawn just now, in a white and green airy sum mer costume, she looked delicate and dazz ling as a dream figure of fairyland. "What is the matter, Tom?" she per sisted. , "Read that, Lilian." It was Dick's letter. to Tom. With a startled' look on her lovely face Lilian took the manuscript and began" to read. At first the colour entirely left her cheeks ; then - it returned flush to the temples. Then the ghost of a smile liovcred about the corners of her pretty mouth and lurked in her blue eyes. "Well?" said Tom, watching her closely. For answer Lilian threw herself into "a rustic garden chair and gave expression to her feelings in peal after peal of delightful rippling laughter. " Oh, Tom," she cried, clapping her tiny hands witli delight, " this is too, too funny. You must telegraph nt onco to that crazy boy at the I'oste lUstnnte, and tell, liim to come back immediately. It's all a, comedy of errors. Tom, this is nil my fault. Y"ou liavo never yet seen my sister Gertrude, and she and I had ui ranged to play a joke on you at Henley. Tom, Gertrude and I aro twins. But what a siv little minx she is ! She wormed my secret out of me long ago, yet she has never told me a word of her affaire dc coeur. Oh, it is all as plain as day. She has been making love while we were all in America, and then, knowing her power over her victim, has been wise enough to make him win his honour first —then licr hand. Has he been successful hi his examination ?" "Yes, dear.Lil. The results were pub lished this morning. He came off with first-class honours." "Then I shall get on my hat and we will go to the telegraph office. We will then come back and see Gertrude." In the Cafe au Cadruu de la I'oste sat Dick Merrivale, a picture of abject despair.. He had come to l'aris with the fixed re- solvo of going to the dogs quickly. He would plunge into the whirl of dissipation until there was nothing of his original self left. But as yet he had only got as far as & glass of claret. It began to dawn on him that if he had been' a fool in the first in stance in supposing that Gertrude cared for him, this was no reason why lie should jump from the ptm of folly into the tire of insanity. Why should he wreck his life for the sake of a heartless girl? No. He would let her see that he could manage to exist and do his life work without her. He would stay away for a while for Tom's sake, but as for going to the dqgs — ball ! Ho would mount to the 1041 of the tree in spite of her. It was impossible, however, for him to work up a feeling of hate against the girl that hud so shamefully wronged h'1111. Her sweet face haunted liim still in all its rav ishing loveliness. Was it possible that she, the sweet-voiced, the tender-hearted, could willingly have done such a thing? At last he strolled out of the cafe, and, cutting across the Rue du Louvre, entered the Hotel des 1'ostes. Hardly expel ing any letter, he inquired if there might be one. "N'y a lien, monsieur," chirped the ener getic little Frenchman in charge. Merrivale turned to go, when the same bird-like voice arrested him. " Tenez, monsieur ! 11 y a une tele- gramme." Merrivale seized the blue enve lope eagerly, and a look of pleasure passed over his face as liis quick eye noted the significant address : Richard Merrivaie,' B. A. , I'oste Restante, Paris. " That's from Torn," lie said to himself. "And I've passed my exam, all right. But-, after all, what does it matter now?" But liis eye opened wider and wider as he lead the telegram : "Dick, j-ou hopeless idiot, come back at once. It. is I.iliuu, not Gertrude, Brownlie I mil going to marry. They are twins. Result of 0x11111. published to-day, and y<in head (ho list. Meet us all at Henley. House-boat ' Cygnet.'- -Tum." 