THESTORrTELLER THE HIGH DIVER. ' There' I'S an unpar'led exhibition of ! interest! I guess that's a show to liave every drop of printers' ink in the city spilt over it! Say, it's immense!' said Lafayette Potter, for the benefit •of anyone who chose to listen ; then, pushing his faded straw hat to the back of his head, he rubbed his long, lank face with a handkerchief. The glaring sunshine of a July afternoon Hooded the strip of country where ' Potter's World Famous Hippodrome and Cirque ' had pitched its tents. It was on the outskirts of the city of Winnipeg ; far in the distance towards the west stretched the long, eloping prairies of Manitoba: the sky was a deep, sapphire blue, flecked with summer clouds j a warm wind was blowing, and the wide road that marked the way to the city was but a dusty, white trail, dotted with rigs.' Winnipeg was what is called ' a week stand,' and as it was the afternoon of the last day, the arrangements were as complete (to quote Potter himself) ' ae human ingenuity and unbounded furore could make 'em!' The side shows were in full blast, each one under the care of a ' professor,' whose duty it was to describe his particular attraction in strident tones, collect the dimes, start the cheeriug, and talk incessantly. Every 'professor' wore his hat at an ex treme angle on the side of his head, discarded his coat and collar, and smoked the strongest of big cigars. There were highly coloured posters everywhere, in which Potter was represented, surrounded by alligators, lions, and tigers, holding a 'mandevouring Siberian bloodhound' by the collar one side, and clasping the hand of a ' South Sea Island Savage, just imported,' on the other. But certainly the most attractive printing was devoted to advertising ' Bellerophon, Champion High Diver of the- World.' The extraordinary Man-fish, direct from London, England.' Indeed, it was his performance which was eliciting such admiration from Lafayette Potter. The straggling little knots of people were collected in one spot to a considerable crowd. A rough wooden platform had been erected round the big tank which was popularly supposed to be the Man-fish's abode. On one side there was a light scaffolding reaching about twelve or fifteen feet, and supporting a thick pole which was notched on alternate sides to enable a man to climb aloft, Near the top was another platform, a mere foothold as it looked to the people below, and standing on this, his lithe, muscular figure, like a fine silhouette against the glowing sky, was Bellerophon, about to dive. He was standing at ease, hands clasped .lightly and all his weight thrown on one foot. The dark head, the clearly cut outline of the splendid neck and shoulders, the curve of every muscle from the full chest to the springy foot, the strength and beauty of the whole man, made it a moment of intense excitement—before the bow was strung. Every face was upturned, but the expression of one girl, who had quietly pressed her way to the front, was almost painful in its earnestness. It was only the second time in her life that Eileen Rogers was in the whirling pleasure of a real circus. She unconsciously copied the slight swaying movement of Bellerophon, but her hand was so tightlj locked together, that the small knuckles •were white; a sense of freedom (little did the severe household of Rogers suspect where she had gone!) gave a flush to her cheek, and an absorbing amazement and admiration of the diver made her tremble from head to foot. She hung on his every movement; she "longed and dreaded to see him spring from the little platfo-m; she could have watched him for hours. Suddenly he looked down, every muscle became tense, his body bent like a bow, and then, like an arrow, shot into the air. There was a buzz in the crowd, but Eileen only stayed to see him jump out qf ,the tank and bow from the side before she elbowed her way through the people, just" as Lafayette Potter was holding forth on the diving champion's feats. At first Eileen turned her back deliberately on tlie teats, but after a few steps she hesitated and glanced over her shoulder. It was only three days ago that the rainbow coloured posters had first lured her to Potter's World Famous Hippodrome. The music and the l ights, the gay costumes and the garish novelty lovelty had com- pletely fascinated the simple-minded, impressionable girl. ' Oh, pshaw 1 I must go right home !' said Eileen to herself, for on her first visit she had accidentally fallen in with the high diver, and in some mysterious way ten minutes had slipped into two hours. Eileen had been watching the lady snake charmer ; the high diver had volunteered some information about the terrible cobra (a tame reptile in private life, as harmless as a garden hose), and the little friendship commenced on the most instructive lines. So it was that Eileen paused now, a smile crept over her face ; then she carelessly wandered away in the direction of the lady snake charmer. In the meantime Potter was chatting with a few of his men, in the shade of one of the tents. ' Was there ever anything as kam and peaceful as this ?' said he, pointing across the prairie. ' Say ! If there was one dollar under tne canvas this afternoon there was five hundred !' ' Climb down, Potter, climb down !' said the high diver, who had just changed his clothes and came strolling out of his tent. In a light suit and grey Fedora hat there was nothing of the Man-fish about Bellerophon. lie was tall and squarely built, with an irregular, clean shaven face, tanned and wrinkled, especially about the large flexible mouth and dark eyes. ' Say. what's yer hustle, Bellyruffun ?' asked the Greek Hercules,' lighting a cigarette. ' 1 never seen a tank ar-teest yet as wasn't darned unsociable !' abserved the ' Austrian lion tamer' in a soft New England twang. ' I'm not unsociable, boys,' said Bellerophon, smiling,' but 1 want to get a look at the world before the sun goes down. Say, I'm sick of sawdust!' He turned out of the tent ae he spoke, and at once started in the direction of the lady snakecharmer. ' Bellerophon is as close as a clam !' said the lion-tamer, ' Wal, he's an Englishmau, an' I'm told they usually are as close as clams. He sorter hankers after change!' said Potter, shaking his head over the high diver, who was very different from the other members of the troop. Australia had first drawn him from the old country, but five years of hard work and reckless living had left him as poor as when he first ran away from an English home. Then he had drifted to America, attracted for the time being by the thought of booming cities and ready fortunes ; he had served in the Canadian Mounted Police ; represented a soap factory ' on the road'; ' run' an estate agency in British Columbia; edited and printed a newspaper at one time, and hauled lumber at Ontario at another—in short, Bellerophon's experiences were so diverse that he could hardly realise his own pleasure as he hurried towards the place where he knew that Eileen Rogers would be waiting to meet him. Strange that this little girl, wliom he had only seen twice, should make the born wanders inclined to throw down his knapsack and turn his face from the King's highway! Bellerophon was very anxious for her sweet companionship. But even then he smiled just a little to himself —how much had the daring dive and the Man-fish's glittering golden costume to do with her admiration ? The great prairie sun was dipping towards the horizon, and the evening wind scampered over the rolling country, as Bellerophon and Eileeu sogers still lingered on the outskirts of the fast dispersing crowd. Bellerophon had found out her name, and heard enough of her home to make him understand the enormity of her courage in stealing these event;ul days. ' Do you regret them ? Come, tell me the truth !' he said, gaily. < Honest 'Injin' ?' she' asked, with a half troubled, look into his face. 'Yes.' 'Then I do—a little!' The answer surprised Bellerophon ; but that pretty earnestness was half her charm. He stooped just a little j nearer, and lowered his voice : | ' Will you tell me why ?' Eileen looked at him steadily and thoughtfully. ' Well, I guess you feel like laughing at me ?' ' No, no! Why should you think that ?' ' Why, I've been telling all sorts of things to a stranger!' ' Ah, that is just a little cruel of you, isn't it ? Come, is it my fault that I was never in Winnipeg before ? But now that I am here'—he looked away from her over the great ttretch of country—' do you think I feel like a mere stranger ? No, I have crowded such pleasure, such heartfelt happiness into these last few days that I feel like a wanderer who has come home at last!' ' Is that so ?' was all Eileen answered, ' Yes,' said Bellerophon, ' I can hardly believe that T am really in the same dull old world ! ' One crowded hour ' but you won't know that. To think that a few minutes from us here is a pompous little city, and we are on the prairies ! ' Say, you couldn't get to Winnipeg in a few minutes ; it takes quite halfan-hour i' said j.ileen gravely. ' You dear little girlBellerophon exclaimed, ' 1 shall be guilty of writing poems on western scenery if I don't look out ? Must you go ? The Wirnipeg girl, under the influence of the time and the mood, lingered still. ' I guess you'll soon forget me !' she said. ' No !' said Bellerophon, ' for I intend to pitch my tent in your prairie city.' ' Oh, is the circus going to stop ?' exclaimed Eileen, flushing. ' I meant my own particular little canvas.' ' Say, do you mean that ?' ' Wait and see!' Bellerophon answered. He glanced over his shoulder, nobody was watching them, and he ventured to bend and kiss her hand. Eileen murmured ' Good-bye !' Then he would have kissed her hand again, but she pulled it from him and hurried away on the dustj T trail, with only one long backward look. * * * Bellerophon thrust both hands deep into his pockets, ground one heel into the soft earth, and muttered to himself. ' Now ~ wonder what will happen next?' As if in answer to his question a hand was laid on his shoulder and an English voice exclaimed : ' By George Stevenson !' He wheeled round on hearing his real name—unknown to the World's Famous Hippodrome—and instantly recognised the face of the speaker. 'Why, it's the ghost of Wally Maddox • ' said Bellerophon, shaking his friend by both hands with enough heartiness to make the pale, thin young Englishman wince. ' Little Walter Maddox of the Mounted Police! Why I haven't seen you siuce we cleared out of the '"orce together—how many years ago? Say, how did you find me here ?' ' The fact is, Steve, I am on the look-out for a job, and it was quite a chance I saw you at all. And where on earth did you pick up jour present profession ?' ' Only temporary, my boy; I'm going to switch off high diving and settle down in Winnipeg.' ' Bah!' said Maddox with a contemptuous laugh. ' You're a born j ! vagabond—I know you ! If I hadn't been a fool myself, I should be doing well in Winnipeg now,' he continued. While he was speaking, Bellerophon's quick eye had taken in every point of his friend's appearance. ' See here, Wal, you've been left pretty badly, eh?' ' It's simply beastly, Steve '•' the young man answered with a blink of his eyelids, ' Oh, yes,' said Bellerophon, with his thoughts wandering to that little Winnipeg girl who so admired the high diver. ' Go on.' ' We were to work our way towards the eastern States,' continued Maddox. ' I was a consummate idiot, I know that At first he dropped on me for an occasional loan, then it was footing the hotel bills, they paying the fares—oh, you know the usual tricks!' ' Could work 'em myself to-morrow,' said Bellerophon airily. ' But why and how did you get back to Winni- Peg?' v The colour came into young Maddox's thin |ace. Linking his arm in his friend's, he answered quietly: ' Of course, you'll think I'm awfully foolish, but there's a girl in Winnipeg who is all the world to me. Fact is, I really threw up my wort here for her sake, because Tucker held out such hopes of making money quickly. I promised to wi'ite and tell her everything, but I haven't had the heart. Her name is Eileen Rogers, Steve, and she is so beautiful! So good ! So gentle !' Bellerophon turned his eyes from Maddox, and silently beat his foot on the ground. ' But now,' Walter continued, ' I see no change for me but to get on the road again with a show. What else can I do ?' ' My dear Wal, you are not built that way. You are too good for this precious World's Hippodrome, at all events.' ' You have succeeded yourself in it nevertheless '•' said Maddox, with some warmth. ' I ? Oh, I'm a born wanderer, you know. 'Va, chemineau- chemine.' But you—no ; Wal, stay where you are, dear boy, and marry the gentle little girl who loves you.' ' It's easy enough to talk about marrying, but I haven't a dollar in the world.' Bellerophon made no reply; he pulled off his hat for the warm breeze to blow more freely through his hair, and so stood, with his dark brows drawn together, for several quiet minutes. Maddox at last, with an impatient gesture, held out his hand. ' There ! I'm going back. Why should I bother you ? What do you care, you lucky fellow ?' Bellerophon, suddenly shaking off his serious mood, laid both hands on the boy's shoulders, and answered firmly: ' Wal! You shall stay iu Winnipeg !' * * * * It was midnight when the friends parted. Maddox, with renewed hope and determination in his face, looked just a little anxiously at the high diver. ' Now I shall be able to hold on,' he said, ' and make a fresh start; but can you really spare it, Steve ?' • Well, I should smile !' said Bellerophon, as if the eighty dollars he had pressed on his friend were the merest trifle, instead of his whole fortune. ' But don't you forget— work ! Get at it,and stick at it! No more fooling!' ' I promise you that!' said Maddox; then, with a smile that contradicted his words, ' I'm afraid Eileen may have met some other fellow.' ' Nonsense! said Bellsrophon. -But if she has and the other fellow is out of the way—console her ! Good-bye once more Maddox clasped his hand warmly. * Good-bye, Steve. I'll pay you back every cent. But I won't attempt to thank you " ' It's all right, Walter,' said the high diver. ' Take care of yourself, dear boy, and of her As Bellerophon turned his face towards the dim and solitary soot where the outlines of the Hippodrome living tents were black against the sky, his eyes roamed over the wide prairies stretching, like a quiet sea, towards the west. His lonely figure was the only moving thin on the long and dreary trail. Once he turned and looked towards the city; there were a few lights in the far distance, and be could see Walter Maddox swinging towards them, with a light and rapid step. Then Bellerophon, the high diver, sighed heavily; and slowly, slowly made his way to the poor and cheerless tents.— PEGGY WHBLBNG. 