SNAPSHOT SYDNEY. [By Sir Macquarib.1 MELBOURNE IN STDNET. The sudden influx of Yarra merchants to open branohea on tbe ehoreu of our beautiful harbour iB as welcome to go-ahead and progressiva people as the flowers of our colonial Novembor and Decombor. Tho old Sydney trader and manufacturer are too stagnant for a capital oily, and tho moro pushing Melbourno blood in it Will do Sydney moro good, ana lot it go rorwara in one oactie oi commorce to hold its owu against tho jumping oompatition — both shipping and mercantile— of Franco and Germany. We have lota of money in Sydnoy, but profits aro seldom spent in a way to moko moro. It ia timo now that conffircnoes should bo hold between importorB and exportorn with tho Chambers of Commorce in tho Unitod Eingdom. It must bo do tie . SKDIJON B PAR REACnlNQ rOVfHR. If tho Now Zealand Premier is far-reaching, and that hia Pacific policy did ' in thin suom ambitious,' it wau, upon reflection, brought on by tho ovident apathy and abort aightodness, on tho part of fodorating Australians on this island continent. If Mr. Chamberlain did not ondoroo tbo polioy of Mr. Seddon, the latter haa forced tbo hand of Sydnoy and Melbourne morohanta. Tho day is past for traders to sit down and bemoan tho fato of i'oroignors cutting us out of tho Australasian markets. It is thoir duty to act in tho living present, and counteract tho doings of foreign luorohants, punishing us with our owu weapons rc bygone commeroo. Burns, Phflp, nnd Co. havo done nil that ono firm can do to upon up and keep trado without and within tho Austral-Paoifio, but merchants und statesmen upon a largo soalo must do their duty by becoming moro active aud pushing. FRENCH IN POLYNESIA. Reports are constantly reaching Sydnoy about the aggressivo oharactor of tho Fronch down in Poly nesia, to tho detriment of tho Commonwealth. I am not afraid of broach influence upon a few volcanic islands whore the total exportB of coffee and spicoB would not supply half a Parisian suburb, but tbo islets can be fortified and used against the Paoifio ambition of Australasia, and do us much harm. Tho situation is bound to beoomo a Federal ?one, in which tbo Imperial Parliaraont must BUp port our interests. Wo have been unnozing a lot cf big rocks, but Fronch and Germans in the Pacific, nertr to Sydney, aro already fixtures. Tho Germans aro now collaring our Sydney-Eastern trade and freights. ' Machetii. f raw, with somo Maitland frionds, Misa O'Noil's | londition of '? Macbeth' ; moat of it was now, repro Mentation and spectacle, to me; ' Having soon Miss l'orry, Mrs. Chntlos Koan, Helen Fauoot, Riston, iteo., ns ' Lady Macboth,' I may bo hard to pleaae in tho light of roalistio history nnd Shakespeare. Tho trngody was well staged, and must havo coot n lot of money. Tho ecouory was bold, massive, and prc-Dunoanitn whioh helpod tho play, but excep tion must bo taken to tho eoslumen, whioh did not belong to anytiung near tiio period. Still the accessories liolpod tho buohoss of i bo piece. The cast j waB not to uiy liking, und tho sudden gaa changes reminded one of the magio lantern business. Minn O'Neil was a splendid Lady Macboth in every not, without exception. Her noting was complete and pnrfoot, and carried the play through. Macbeth au played wan an impnrfont realisation of tho usurper, though lie acted tho ghost idea all right. Maoduff, after th'3 murder of tho King, and in exile, was good. Tho witches were also grand, but tho rest of the oast wero not good in support. Tho finale was too pantomimic. THE 1ILOOK. Yob, wo lmvo tho blook iu Sydnoy no well an in Melbourno, London, and tho Palaio Royalo. It is a sort of Mall, tho Corso, Untor don Lindon, or Cul lins-ntroot. Tho ' lilouk' docs not always mean a square, but two aides of it, or ' tho Row.' I hoar that ttoorge, Pitt, and King otreotn (jirln aro cutting out tho American holloa in tho London Bloolcs. I believe it, for Sydnoy Indiesoan drooo, havo smart stylo, look rioh and do tho ronpootablo gou teol. Thoy look pale, but aro robust, hoalthy, nttrnotivo nnd impronoionnhlo. Thoy nro intelli gent without depth of culturo and learning, and somo aay thoy ' boss' thoir maramnB, and usurp the heart of papa that onco was mamiha'a for tho sako of droaa monoy, tho theatres, and afternoon toaa at Shodlora, Trooftdoro'u ur tho Fresh Food and loo Company. Thoy droau to plnnao tho gantlomon, just an thoy do on the othor ' blookB' of tho world,, from Broadway to Logation-ntroot, Pokin. Tha Sydney block can show 'tench- beauty, charming giriB, and endearing youug creatures between 3 and 4' 30* p.m. They cjme out to admire and be admired, like the bank 'find civic gents, and meet IobIi cousins fro'hi the baok blocks. Sydney life and society iB seen sparkling on tbe .Alocit ; ibut stay, all is not gold tbat glitters, ??4 . STATELY 'IiINKBS. It giv'6s 'me /'fits' to s'ee so many passengers of British name travelling by tbe foreign steamen, oBpfcclally'lwhen' foroign nations have insnlted and practically declared war againet ua. It naturally goes ftgiihBt tho khaki buit. I have vfsited all the chief ocean linere, tramps, or ' Australian grey hotmds,' and compared them with foreign liners, eaid £j' hive half a knot more speed by placing a Frank or Teuton on the safety valve, bb Mnrk Twain said of skippers'on tbe mighty Missouri. The staff officers havo a better ^ct more cardonic smile, but you see it is mechanical, and not so natural bb the P. and O. or Orient smile of the officer of hurricane fame. Our ships aro Btrongcr, better built, thoughtfully and comfortably furnished. I know the chefs and table are more liberal, whilst the stewards are tbe pink of civility and attention. I failed to seo how foreign ships can attract passengers with British nameB. Suddenly wealthy wives of Broken Hill and Monnt Morgan, who never were watherwomen, are said to be too arii tocratio now to mix with these poor people who travel ' ordinarily.' Our very ' middies' are gentlemen, and you should see how they trim their upper lips and part their hair down the middle when they put out to sea. To-day Britfahera should always travel under tbe old flag. OLD AOS PENSIONS. I wob against old age pensions at first. Going homo in tbe tram the other night a- hot ' confab' got up between young suburban gents and old buffers ' who liked' the bill.' The young oneB did not like' it. for reasons thoy could not clearly ex plain ; and tbo old buffers clang to its general pro-. viBionB with confident tenacity., Randwick Junior bad Dr. Fell objections, and AIb Bondi thought that Lyne had a stocking reserved in the Treesury to pay tho pensions, as he would not be 'game' to ask tho people for tho money. Boardless JoneB of Wavorloy wbb positive that men would be come old and helpless before thoir time, and that hotel keepors would become jjension mongers, eny nothing of harpies waiting for tho old buffers outside the Treasury. It would not encourngo thrift or self-reliance. The young tramites all thought every old man Bhould be rich, and well-off in his oil ago, quite forgetting that the public tote more, speculate more, live up to their wages every month, and often forget their baker, butcher, etorokeeper, and — and— and, ah, tho newspaper subscription. At last an old man who had sat silent exclaimed — 'I like the Bill; not 'that I will over come undor its provisions'—1 ' ah I jaute, preserved meat, stuff wonga-wonga, and trifles,' ejaculated Randwick Junior. 'Hike its clauses,' said the old Solon, ' because it will or should tax you cheeky, ingrateful, and selfiab boys to support, rospcot, and venerate your fathers and mothorB in their old age, by Act of Parliament.' THE WOMEN S VOTE. Much as I loro woman, lovely, and charming woman, I regret to see Macquarie-street wiseacres pass tho important reading by a large majority. Stand Parliament whore it did? I do tbinlc that tho granting of the franchise to ladieB — the peta of the houBohold — ia a sad mistake, or a bit of hasty and impracticuble|legiBlation. The educated woman doee not want it. The wise mother is con tont to leavo politics to her hUBband, fatbor, brother, and cousin, with all^ their family votes and interests. Educate our daughters by nil means, but in the right direction. It is a socialistic move. Seconded by the infiuenoe of tho Labour party, who see in it the mustfollow my-lead voto of the voting majority nt elections. It will be a cbbo of Jano or May voting for Blow hard or Smuggins ' bocauso Jack enys so.' The m jority of women will never take an interest in naiional*politicd, indeed, the majority of men fail to do so, even though their namos aro on the roll. Tho fajt is that tho present legislators do not core ' to bo cross with thoso they love' as it' doth work like madnoBS on tho brain.' The member who voted against the Bill was nfraid to face Mary Jnuo at homo, or thoBB ugly women ngitatere of Leigh Houso, and Bilmairi, nnd Faddington. As it was, womon often told Jaok hew to voto. Admiral Napier wna a cindidiifc^ for a London i district. Ho did not dress a la Jones, Wilts, or Andorson. A wife whom ho called upon for her huBbann'a voto would not believo ho wa- the groat Chorlie Nipier. ' Nu, nu,' she said, ' you nood | not foi l mo that you aro the great Charlie Napier.' ' But I am,' ho said, showing tho front of a homely starched shirt, 'road that.' HiB linen wob markod Charlitt Napier. 'Oh! that will do,' she said, 'I believe you now ! My old man's voto is all right for you.' Unpolitical husbands — bo few — generally voto as per their political wivoB. Wo know what BurnB snid about that friendly odvice from wivoB which thoir husbands ' ne'er dispisoB.' SUNDAY CLOSINO. Anyone with a camera could ha?e taken a splendid snapshot a month ago, of Oxford, Lower George, Market, King, and Haymarket stroets upon a Sunday aftorsoon, or, at night under tho eloctrio light. It is rather curious that Acta in existence . aro not ont'orced by the Inspector of Police. Some peoplo think that bocauBo some Aota aro old thoy are bad and obsolete, whereas thoy being old have st iod tbo the teat of publio opinion so long, must bo good — lasting good. Charles II. waB not a vory great Sunday observance man himself, yot his people were, and tho BritiBh raco aro bo now. Some persons wno think that Sunday ia oror by 12 noon, quite forget that a day con sists of 21 hours. Sunday won pretty well obaervod in Sydnoy until thu Greek and Italian fish, fruit, and lolly.shopB opened. Thon tho tobneoonists- grew bold, aud opened in the full glare as of a week night. It waa high timo, if wo profosB Christianity at nil to stop tho violation of tho lnw. Tbe meotiugat the Town Qall was paokod by 200 or 800 aoti-Sunday obaorviats. Of course thoy howled as suoh men oan dd, but the voices of the meeting were for the in tegrity of the British and against tho slightest form of a Continental Sunday. Sydney is slow to speak sometimes, but when it does, it puts its foot down in tho moat unmistakable manner. DISAPPOINTMENT. \ . Sir William Lyne's cablegram, from Lord Hopo toun haB sent a oold shiver through society, all committees; and ..the publio generally. ' Someone has blundered onon more. As Lord Hopotoun is ill, and Lidy'-Hopntoun is also ill; whioh we all regrot and feel ao Bad for tho Earl and his Countess, the unfortunate circumstances should not provont tho original prjgcnmino from being oarriod out on January Ibi. The formal landing oould tnke place in a fortnight, with tho hope that tho Gnvornor-Giineral wonld be able to go through tho official landing and swearing in on New Year's Day. Sir William should risk that, nu Governors as a rule generally place such arraugomonts in the hands ot thoir Honouring Committees, Tho diffi culty iB not so great na its looks, .and the publio may bo sanguine in not being robbed of suoh a high and important holiday. Things may bo deranged pur sc, but tho derangement qjay boo? nhoit duration, upon tho assumption that Lord Hopetoun will bo all right when he gota to Frec uiaiitle. I trust that Lady Hopotoun will bo bettor mid utile to land on January 1st. 