The lelloi Domino By M. Mobbis. o- CHAPTER XL— (CoirannjED.) : Three months passed away before- Sir .Hastings and Lady Warminster took' possession of their new home. . ' Welcome, dearest wife, to my home.' he said, grasping her hand and putting his lips to her brow. ; She did not shrink away, nor try to free bis hand, and he felt his heart beating with the agitation of hope. : ' Hastings,' she said falteringly, and with downcast eyes, ' we— we must try and get on a. little batter, . and be.happy. together. Perhaps we can — now.' ' Ob, Geraidine, if you only knew what euoh words are to me !' he said, a deep .flush coming on his dark oheek, his eyea glowing down upon her. i She looked, up, almost. startled, by. the. emotion on his face. 'I will do my beat, Hastings; 1 have, made up my mind .to- do it' She was just ailing enough and weak enough not to be averse for others to choose for her ; bat to bim her answer and her tone sounded as if she considered one place wao as good as another, as it was not likely /that she would feel happy anywhere; and it caused ..him the first kesn disappointment that he had . felt since thoy had , taken up their abode at ' The Court.' However, he would net allow himself to be down-hearted about this and feeling. . really, hopefed that the change would be beneficial" to her, he .began to make all the necessary arrange ments at once, with evident pleasure , and energy. Nothing could be mora innqoent, and nothing, as it proved, could have been more unfortunate; She observed his anxiety I to take her away, his interest in all the details, and it amused her and pleased her then. On the journey to Tenby . she was rather, quiet and silent, but it was only because Bhe was thoughtful and rather self-reproachful. As she watohed him that day as they travelled, her mood was tenderer towards him than it had been since their rapture. After all, she was thinking how good he was, how kind and thoughtful, how per- aevering in his attentions, and how patient witii all her disagreeable mooda and tempers. Many another man wotdd have tired of it all long, before. He would have" ceased trying to please her, trying to persuade ber tbat he loved her; perhaps would, have grown cold and angry. Her eyes were closed as she sat in hez corner, bnt be saw tbat she was not sleeping, and be wondered what her thoughts. could be to make her face look so sweet. ' Here we are, darling,' ha said, breaking in upon them suddenly, and in a moment or two the irain stopped. : He got out first, helped her, and- then she stood, alone for an instant while he went back into the compartment for her shawl and rag. It was dusk, somebody passed by her rather too closely, 'tonohed! her, begged her pardon, and passed on without observing who she was. At the. sound of tho voice rGeraldina's heart stoppsd beating. ' ' That . sentence, hurriedly though politely said, was uttered by Mrs Moseley and no other. She felt her face flame with indignation; just as her husband joined her. Was this why he. chose Tenby of aU other places? This why; -he bad ' been so eager and so interested?; Could be have known that the Moseleys would be there that autumn ? If so, she thought to herBelf, " paling as muoh as she; bad previously " flushed, of what benefit would this sea change "be? The drive to the hotel was not a long one, bnt long enough for. her to resolve that her tender thoughts had perhaps been pro-' mature, and tbat she would wait and watoh a little before unburdening herself of those few words which she had foolishly thought were alone needed to make permanent peace between them. "S . V - CHAPTER XIL nijime. dragged on but slowly at the sea- L 'for Sir Hastings as well as for Lady fn- -'ioinster, and Sir Hastings was glad to to Park Sweet. get b»%-, a. - » « \- 'f ' n evening, when Sir Hastings "War- une 4r alone in his house, a mIls- i waa put inko his hands. As a rate, telegram. ga> J|id noit reader him the least Buck unit thifl one/he took with a sudden uneasy, I jje turned pale, his fear at a Irledj anaNbo broko it open with fingers tremUS " \\_ c hesitation. J Tenby'"an3>££e sender, to It came i - Stephen Moaeisy. The his surpric , V|,at more than enough to woraswer nij .ea -Rith whioh he justify the seat . hod I®cslv-rLiaster has mot witxi an ccideat It you! are in London, com® at ud i , p - ' , ..Y - " H CHAPTER Xin. Before dawn, Sir Hastings was by his wife's bedside, bnt no reconciliation could take place just then, for Geraidine was too ill to heed even ber beloved husband. \- The Rays had come with him, and from Stephen Moseley they heard an account of what had occurred' " . It appeared the head- waiter at the hotel observed that, although there was a dense fog coming up, Lady Warminster had not returned, and he communicated the fact to the ' proprietor. Mr Moseley chanced to hear this, and he joined the party" who went to seek her. ' In his heart he knew full _ well that Sir Hastings and Lady Warminster were in sad disunion, and that his wife, Viola, was in some way to blame for it. He said nothing of this then', but Hastings guessed by Ms manner that he had been glad to do all he conld as atonement for his wife's wrong- doing. ' Thoy had found Geraldino lower down on the cliff than they had expected, insensible, and with a slight cut on her temple. She mnst have attempted to reach the top, "and in the darkness have Mt herself against a jagged and projecting piece of stone, and this bad caused he? to fall. But, with pro vidential mercy, her fall was broken, and instead of being preolpitated into the sea, ehe fell into, a hollow cave below bar. Either thon, ; or subsequently, she had fainted, and in that condition they found her. They took her back to the hotel, but' feverish symptoms B6» in at once, and before that night was over her life was in danger. Mrs Ray told he?, wosd -for word, as Sir Hastings had told it- to- her, the whole history' of the Squire's mistake and all that it had entailed upon the young man. "Geraidine was "so ellent that Mrs "Ray could' not' tell - how she had taken the revelation; ' Poor Hastings !' ' she said pre sently, in a- low voice," ' what a terrible position for Mm- It was good and generous of bim not to tell me. Perhaps from Mm, and just at that moment, it would not have helped us to bs happier. Dear papal what a painful mistake 1 Then Geraidine, as the whole episode came vividly before hea imagination, turned her head away, and over the emaoiated countenance from neok to brow a faint dull red areas and spread. She had betrayed, her unsought love, then, to her dear father, and he had betrayed it to Hastings ? She' had been forced upon bim, and to that moment of shams and pain she understood well why Hastings had not told her. ' He had been too manly and too chivalrous, and cf two evils had chosen in preference to remain, to all appearances, blacker than ha was. 'Dearest ..Geraidine,' said Mr a Ray, in alarm, ' Hsstings wa3"rightt after aU, and i ought not to have told you' "" Bnt" that moment of agony was over, "onoe and lot all. She turned her head baok, and seemed calm. « Stoop down and kiss "tae, Katie. On the contrary, thank yon, dearf for telling me. I 'see that T should never have heard it froin him, but it wilt ' help us now to start our life again better still than we should; have' dene. As you said, that ghost is laid for eves now. She' sleeps now," Hastings, so—' ' You have been there an immense time,' he said jealously. r Yes ; but I don't tMnk I" have done her any harm. You Shall seeTier very Boon. I will go baok and watoh her, and toll you the" instant Bhe awakes", she" said, gladly leaving him, for eho intended that from Geraidine and not from her he should learn the subject of their conversation. " ' ' Oh, thank you, Katie ; you are so good,' he said, brightening and seeing her to the: door. ' : Bye" and bye, Katie Bay, with quiet footfall "slipped out " of the siah room once more, this tune to tell the impatient husband that he could now go to the dearly-loved wife" who had just'beaa'saatch'ed'febih death; She found him in the passage, where, with agitated breath, he had been waiting for half an hocr. A sign was sufficient, and then the door dosed with him. and ho found himself alone with Geraidine. She stretched odt 'hez weak arms towards Mm, "and he went to her and put them round hitn, and he held her up against him. - ' 'Oh, my darling!' "he said, 'thank Heaven for this moment— for the boon of your, life and for the return of ycur love.' : -'My. love never went, flaBtinga; it. was sdways'ypufs, dearest . husband, : though I may not have . shown ft.. I have been wrong,, unjust, hard. I . don't deserve this ; you had every right to . bh angryV' Then, 'with broken; "words, she told him all the details of that last day, when he left herin anger; ... 'Say 'itj Haetings.; let me hear your dear lips tell me from your heart that yon ban forgive me. Oh, beloved husband ! if yon cannpt-r-— .' ' My darling, my own— you oonfose me, pain me It la . not for me to forgive, it " ' "" 'It is,' 'she eaid, with pitiful eagerness. ; ' The past is dead, Hastings, forgotten, fQr- given.; it you wish .to hear this from me, cut for my hardness, for — ' Beloved wife, calm yourself and say no more. X forgive yon,, though Heaven is my witness that I say this, to comfort , you, and that tbeeo is, and never has been, excepting for that brief moment wben;I left you, any thing in my beazt; againiat you ; bn. the con trary, nothing bht love and pity, and infinite y earning for this blessed, moment of perfect understanding and; unity 1' " THen. he folded her. in Ms arms once again, and he felt no shame that a moisture gathered in his eyes an'd'fsiV in " one or two drops on the sereet, tearful face uptdzned to his. » » o Ho that day, but ajittle later,' Geraidine told her binsband of Katie Ray's revelations to her, and then, seeing something in Ms face, she stopped him from speaking. Hp, Hastings, not a. word against her, or to her. She meant well and she did well, and. in; my heart is everlasting gratitude to her. The story oame best from her, dearest,'; in faot, you would never have told it to" mo, probably being too "generous and too con siderate. Darling papa, it is well that ho does not know what, in all.innooenec, Me irustake brought .upbh us both".' . . ' And yet, Geraidine he began, ssarchuig her ; eyes. ' : As their gtenoes met, thoy knew then that .neither of theto ' would have bad the past undyne. ."Their love, their. happiness, their; .perfect trust"; more than .compensated 'for it ' all. Hot even to have been spared the mis- ' understandings, the strife, the -misery of : thoee last few ihontbs woffid tbey have been J without, one. another, "would they ' have' relinquished the unutterable joy of the pre-' Bent, the peaceful ssourity of the future. The Era. The railways bring into London about 80.000,000 gallons of milk per annum. It was ttree oenturios ago in Florence that the first grand opera waa produced. There are nearly 250,000 more men than women in Australia, and in How Zealand also women are in a minority. \- Broad -headed horses are the olevereat, In tho Household cavalry the horses with broad foreheads learn their drill more quickly than the others- Even the Japs appreciate the value of printer's ink. The -Mikado's Government has appropriated 38,000 to be5 expended in advertising in Amerioa: the merits of Japanese tea. " ' Glass bricks are being made extensively abroad. . .They are blown with a hollow centre bontafningrarefied air, and nre said to be as strong and dnrable as day bricks, wMle freely admitting light. There are said to be more windows in France, than to any other country. ml pi. / 'is?— 