THE SEA-CLIFF TOWERS MYSTERY; BY J. D. HENNESEY. (All Rights Reserved.) CHAPTER XIX. IT must not be thought that during ail' tis time Detective Brueoo ad overlooked Soth Rosodalo's possible couneootion with the mystery. Foruvillo cottago had boon carofully watched by two local onoustablos in plain clothes; but until the otrango story of Mrs. Dalbort's singular ap. poaranco in the haunted chamber had reached the care of the detectivesoo, there had boon no positivo groundo for matling any spooial move in that quarter. A portion of ?ir. Bruce's businoes in Sydney had boon to find out how far he wan authorisod to go in regard to Seth Rlosohalo, and now in the unexplaiued absonoo of Soymour he bout his stops toward Fornvillo. Thi house in which Soth Roeodalo had taken up his abode sineoo Mlin Ballantyno had inherited Sea-Cliff Towers, was situatod near tho come tery, and overlookod both the Towers and the Paoific. It stood completely isolated, and had originally boon built for a summer residence by a oitly trades man. tir. Bruce found Rosedalo quietly at work ill his gardeno, and on being asked into the house he went to the point at once. "I am Dotective ]Brueo, of Sydney." AIr. loseodalo bowed, as thoulgh the iuformation gavo him unexpected plea ur0o. " You know Mrs. Dalbort, of Loih. hardt, I believo-a consin of the lateo Raymond Ballantyno, of Sea-Cliff Towors ?" " Yes," said Mr. Rosedolo. " Sho is proved to be connooted with theo mysterious disappearanoo at tihe Towers," said Bruceoo, firing a 0slot right into tho onomy's camp, aB he thought. ' You surpriseo me," said Rosedalo, showing greatintercut in the detuotivo's convorsation.' "Do you know anything of her reoent movemoents " said Bruce. "Shio called for half-an-hour tho day before yesterday," replied Rose dale; " but I have not soon her since." "May I ask the nature of her buni ness with you ?" said the doteootivo. " Certainly, soe onllod to toll me about what 0?(h had read of the dis appoarance of Dr. Strong, and to talk over the affair. I am of course deooply interested in tho matter, having been so long a residount at tihe Towors during tho time of the late owner." " Ar you awaro tlhat there is a seubtrranoean vault or chamber below the northorn portion of tho mansion, and that a remarkable spring lift works from the fireplaceo," asked Bruoo. "No, certainly not," said Roseodalo. " There is, however," answered tho detective, "and Mrs. Dalbort knows of it, and the general opinion is that you know about it too. You aro my prisoner, MIr. Ruoedalo." The detective covered him with a revolver. "Yon can put up the shootiug iron," said the manl quietly. "I shall not attempt to evade you or escape. I don't. think, however, it will just now be worth your while to arrest me." "Wihy not ?" asked Broeo. "Because I am in a position to bar gain with you for the life of your follow officer. If you arrest mB, Seymour will be dead before you oan render him any assistance. If you take nme to the Towers, and promise ime one hour's immunity from arrest or pursuit, I will show you the whole thing, and enable you to save Soymour's life." The detective looked at his prisoner as he anxiously turned, the whole matter over in his mind. " Where is Mire. Dlbort ?" liho asked. " In Sydney, I believe." " You had better come with me up to the Towers." " Are you going to aot upon my suggestion ?" asked Rosedale anxious ly. " I am not," said the detective do oidedly. SThe two men looked at each other for a minute, and then Bruce stepped close up to Rosedale, with a pair of handenffs between his fingers, one hand still holding the revolver. Be. fore the man well noew what was transpiring Brace had handcuffed him. " Now," said the detective, " nit down for a moment, while I talk to you, First of all, this is the warrant authorising me to arrest you ;" at this he showed him the document upon which lie had so suddenly acted. " I must now warn you," he opu tinued, " that anything you may say can be used against you at your trial. At the same time, if you give me any information that will save further sacrifice of life, as in the ease of Detective Boymour, which you have referred to, it will be to your ad vantage." "I know nothing whatever about it," said Rosedale, suddenly changing his 'tactics. "Come now, don't make a fool of yourself, sir," said the detective, " You have just given yourself away completely by offering to show me the method of working the lift at the Towers, ansd by proffering to save the life of Detective Seymour if in danger. You know all about this matter, and will probably have to stand your trial for murder, so you need not now come any of that toumfoolery." Seth Rosedale was about to reply, a scowl darkening his face, when there came a peremptory rap upon the outer door, which was at once opened by a servant. " Mr. Rosoedlo in ?" "Yes, sir; will you please wait a moment," said the woman in an agitated tone of voice. " Has he anyone with him ?" askedi the voice, as its owner pushed his-way into the house. * Seth Rosedale looked at Detective Bruce, and the police-officer looked at him. " You see I was only just in time," he said, " that's Seymour." " Ourse him," said Rosedale. \- A moment after Seymour stood wilthethel iii 0161o1um, "'I see that I am too late to make the arrest," he- said, smiling at his follow-officer, " but I have the evi. deneoo." " What is it," asked Bruce. " Murder," replied Seymour. "Had we not better go on to the Towere," said Bruce, who, although greatly pleased at the turn in evente, and also at the enfoety of hli colleague, felt that he was not exactly taking first place in the affair. " No, I think that we had better got our prisoner into a safe place first, and eoourc Mrs. Dalbort; besides it will be better to give Dr. Strong and Mise Ballantyno another day of quiet before we have any further investigations at the Towers. As they were completing their arrangementa to convey Rosedalo to the city, Seymour wrote a note to Miss Grace Strong, telling her that the principals in the Towers mystery had boon arrested, and that they need be under no alarm during the deteo tives' absoneo; that they might rest aseured there woueld be no farther annoyance to them on account of the Towers mystery. He showed this letter to Brace be fore sending it, but the latter de. murred. " How do you know ?" he asked, " there may be other accomplieoo." " If there are," said Seymour, "they cannot got nocess to the cavee, for I have bolted and barred the only outrance ontuido the houeo." " The lvoee I" exclaimed Bruce. " Yen, I nearly loot my life down thoere, and had a queer an adventure as even a detective but eoldom moots with," said Seiymour. "But how did you go down there, and how return ?" asked Brace some what excitedly. " It's a fairly long story, said Soy. moor, " and there are one or two things I ehould like to have further explained by Rosedale, so I think the boat plan will be to leave it until we are started to drive into Sydney." " All right," said Bruce, but he felt a bit sore that his follow- detective should have co far got the better of him. "I can also toll you a few thiugs which I have discovered about Mrs. Dialbort." CHAPTER XX. It was not until Sydney was renoheod however, and Beth Rosedale was safely lodged in the jail, that the detective's story was told. Seth Rosedale had ex hibited an entirely different demeanor after the appearance of Seymour. He evidently regretted the admission he had made to Bruce, and in reply to any questions put to him by the detoo tives expressed himself as personally entirely ignorant of anything connec ted with the events which had trans pired at the Towers. "We sohall have to secure lMrs. Dalbort," sanid Seymour. " Yes," replied Bruce, " her evidence seemo absolutely neceosary to secure a conviction against Rosedale; he is a clever scooundrel that; I never know the trail of a crime to be more artfully covered over. Lot nus hear, however, of your adventure down below." " It was my bull's-eye lantern that saved me down there," said Seymour. " How came Dr. Strong to escape ?" asked Bruce. " I don't know, unless by a miracle or the timely interposition of a friendly hand. Bunt it will be boast for me to begin at the beginning and then we can form our plane for future action." "I must have been asleep when I descended into the underground room," continued Seymour. " I had boon watching for something like six hours, and was afraid that I might dose off, so that the lift might be so quietly worked that in the dark I might be unaware of it; so I lay down upon the lift with my head upon a cushion just in the position in which thoyefound the doctor." "I am inclined to think that the oushion was tampered with in some way, either drugged or made of hops, or something put upon it to induce sleep, for I can account for it in no other way." " Oh I you were clean done up, and when you put your head on the pil low what was moro natural than that you should go to sleep," said Bruce. " Well, we won't disouss .that," replied Seymour, "although I am not suro myself that I ever elept, for that lift had been constructed by a mechanical genius, and works per fectly smoothly and without noise of any kind. I may have beeon lying there for an hour or two when I star ted to consciousness. I felt that there was a change in the atmosphere, and was conscious of a light draught which I had not noticed in the room before. My lantern was covered, but was still alight, so I turned it up and-uncovered it. You *may guess that I got a start. " I was lying upon the fireplace, but instead of being in the bedroom I could see a kind of shaft or well above me and around there was a large underground cave or chamber. I sat up at once and drew my revolver, for within a few yards of me sat a stout man fastened in a chair, seemingly asleep. I looked at him again. The face was partly turned away from me; but my blood almost ran cold. It was the corpse or ghost of Raymond Bal lantyne. "I jumped up and stepped can tiously on to the floor, and with my bulls-eye took a good look at the ap. parition, to be quite sure that my senses were not deceiving me ; then I throw the light cautiously into other parts of the place; but a moment afterwards I got another shook, for turuing round I found that the lift, relieved of my weight, was steadily ascending to its former position. In fact it was too high up for me to catch hold of it, and a minute after ward had passed up the well to its place in the bedroom. " For a few minutes I felt myself regularly trapped; but I was most apprehensive as to who might be with me in the vault in addition to the corpse of old Mr. Ballaontyne. "I could hear nothing except a queer rumbling and sucking sort of sound, such as might have come down a long passage leading to the ocean. You may imagine that I was in a queer state of mind, not to mention how I felt in my body. I turned the lantern upnn the flnoor t many feet, It was fairly smooth and a bit gravelly then I throw it behind me and saw a table and chair, and then a couoh, and lamp upon some shelving lot into the wall. I saw now for the first time that the placeo was a cave, which had been artificially enlarged. The lift had evidently been construoted at the farthest end of it, in the direo tion of the land. Having discovered this much I felt a faintness coming over me, and walked over toward' the chair and table to sit down, when my eye fell upon a bottle of whisky, and a large jug, and a tin with bisoaits. The jug by good luck had water in it, and I made myself a stiff tumbler of the whisky and water, and helped myself from the tin of bisouits. I had had nothing sineoo the afternoon of the pro vious day, and I can tell you the re freshment was most acceptable. "I shall never forgot how I sat there and thought over the situation. I had matohes about me, so I blew out the lantern, partly to save the light, and partly to prevent myself from beboming a target for an enemy's pistol. I munched the biscuits in the dark, and watched for the appearance of someone. "I coucloded that someone had lowered the lift down, and that some one must have seen me. Why had I boon allowed to escape? I thought. For about half-an- hour I sat there in painful suspeneo, peering into the darkneos, with my finger on the trigger of the revolver. Thlere was no sound however, so I presently lit my lantern again to more carefully examine my surroundings and see if I could find out anything about Mr. Septimus Dor ;et. I had no fear for myself so long as I was a match for any violence I might moot with there, for I felt sure that you would be back shortly and that if I could not got out by any other moans I could make you heor me by shouting. But there was a ohance that I might find out how to work the lift from below, or might discover some means of exit into the grounds or on to the rookes. Looking at my watch I found that it was just four o'clock, so I took out my note book and made a memo. of what had happened, in case I should meet with an accident before getting out again. " This corner of the place I found on closer examination to be arranged with considerable care, as though some one had sat there either writing or engaged in some other ooccupation. There was a rug on the ground, and writing materials on the shelf. I examined the latter, but- could find no trace of manuscript; on the lomer shellf, however, was the lamp which was trimmed and fall of kerosene. This relieved my fears about a light, and I at once lit it and proceeded to investigate in other directions." "You certainly had a lively time, old man, I wish that I had been with yon," said Brueo. This was a great thing for Bruce to say, for he rarely expressed approval of anything which his colleague did; but he was evidently favourably im. pressed and interested. Seymour chuckled to himself, " there is nothing succeeds like suc eoss," he thought as he looked across to his senior. " I went over and had a good look at the corpse of the late proprietor of the Towers, and when you see it you will think with me that it is a ghastly spectacle. The body has evidently been preserved in some way, for it has a mummy-like appearance, but why it has been done is a mystery which I can suggest no explanation of." "Did you examine the body closely?" asked Bruce. " No," replied Seymour, " some thing happened shortly after which suggested the advisability of another course of action; but as far as I could see by a casual examination there was no sign of violence about the face or skull. The hands were resting upon the knees, and the whole attitude is singularly natural, just as though death might have overtaken him when he was asleep. 1 should say though that the place has a queer saltish smell." "Any smell of drugs or preservatives or disinfeootants 2" suggoested Bruce. "No, but the freshness of the placo was partly explained to me after. wards. There are really three large oaves, probably limeostone, and a long pasenageoraseries of smalleroaves, with an opening right out on the cliff, but which can only be osedat low tide. It must have been high water at about five or six o'clock this morning. You will learn why I say this later on. As soon as I had taken in the surroundings of the first have, I com meneed to examine that to the left, which is several foot lower. There were plenty of feet marks here, but ex oept a ones or two, which may have contained spirits at one time, there was nothing of importance to beoseen. While in there however I was saud donly startled by hearing one of the most weird and awful sounds imagin able, and then came a great gush of wind which nearly extinguished the lamp I was carrying. I waited and listened for several minutes, and then it was repeated. It was simply awful, and with that dead man in the next place, and the conseiousness that Mr. Dorset's body was likely enough some where down there too, I can toll you it was by no moans a cheerful situa tiou. I must have been a full hour in that place protecting the lamp so that it should not blow out, and that infernal racket going on all the time. "I thought of every possible natural explanation ; but it was of no use, and that hour in the inner cave was about the worst I ever remember spending in my life." (To be continuecd.) 