?\ß Interpol Mnú% PrjrULISHED EVERY SATURDAY MORNING. THE WAR. I PRIVATE Smith, one of the first contingent j of N.S.W. Mounted Infantry at the front in I South Africa, has sent the following letter to his father, Police Sergeant Smith, Liver- pool : " Prieska, January 28th.-We are now about 800 milos from Capetown. It is a very strange eight to see the Kaffirs driving the mules, ten in a tes in, with a long whip with a bamboo handle. The mules are very hard in the mouth, but the}' stand the work a lot better than the herses. I am mostly engaged looking after the siok horses. We have received word to shift camp. (February, 5th).-Wo shifted camp over the river and joined two batteries of artillery and 800 other mounted men. We had about two hours' sleep. I laid down in my clothes, with my helmet for a pillow. At a quarter to two next morning we were on the, march, without knowing where we were goiug to. Anyhow, we marched about 18 miles back along tho road wo came, met more troops, had a couple of ship biscuits and some " bully" beef, and fed our horses. We reached Orange River, travelling aver 280 miles. On Thursday last three other men and myself were left to form a rear guard. We had to stop till all the troops marched away and keep about a mile behind them. From 3 o'clock that morning till 11*30 p.m. we had nothing to eat. Three chaps havo gone to the hospital-one from Picton and two from Boga. One has been sent to Wynberg with fever, and the two others are in hospital here with dy8©ntry. Yesterday a train loaded with troops collided with a bullock team, killing eight and maiming two others which had to be killed. There are now about 25,000 troops here. Every . where you look there are tents, and troops ar« going away daily in thousands. It is a sight' worth seeing, but we all regret to see the train loads of wounded coming down from Modder River and other places. There is to be a big battle fought about 70 miles from here on or about the 7th of thin month. We had a little rain last night, the first since we left Capetown, and it was quite a treat. We had a bit of fun watching Roberts' Light Horse reoruiting yester- day. They are all new chums and worse than sailors on horseback. They get on on either side of the horse and dismount in dozens before the order ÍB given. However, it is said they are all good shots. There is to be a big battle at Magersfontein shortly, and if the British cut the Boers up the war will soon be over. We were out about twelve miles from camp yesterday and got orders to take about 50 horses that were grazing. They belonged to the Boers, who fired about twenty shots at us from long ranges from behind the ridges, but we could not see them and therefore could not return the fire. Anyhow, we captured the horses and all returned safe. The >>e\v Zealanders are camped close to us. Thoy lost four men at Colesberg. We are going to use the herses we captured to-morrow, so we will be abld to give ours a spell. We expect to leave here at atty moment." " Banks" Drift, Modder River, February 28th. We hiv« hid some very heary work lately. We started at Clift*« Drift, Modder River, and hnve had scm* very h ea ry fighting. We have been ondwr hsavy fire six tim« now, and when the shelia bars; things are very unsettled. There bave bean s^rcô terrible losses on both sides, but the Boers are getting by far the worst of it. When at Prieska we thought we had seen what war was like, but is only now that we are finding how matters are. We went into the laager where Cronje and his 5,000 men surrendeted, and the sight was something terrible. The British and Boers were lying all over the place dead, also cattle and horses in hundreds. The Boars have mada the river water unfit for use. Cronje is a hard-looking old stager, and so are some of his men. The poor beggars all seem pleased to be taken poisoners. We are all well in our lot, and have only had four men wounded. We lay for six hours under heavy fire at Ramah, without a roan being hit, but in another regiment 62 were killed and wounded. We are now within three day*' march of Bloemfontein. (March 3rd). We are moving to Osfontein, where we are to spell for a few days." PRIVATE Mason (Hoxton Park), one of tho second contingent of Mounted Infantry which left for South Africa by the " Southern Cross," sends us the following account of his trip and movements after arriving at Cape- town : 11 Indian Ocean, February 12th.-Jiiit a few linee tu let you know how things are getting on. Wo »re having n splendid trip so far. We have had ten horses\lie and thu most of thu rotuuinder are very bud. When they Sand they will net bu fit to work for a fortnight, and when tliey start they will have about 17 stone up. We carry about five stone of saddlery. We will land «bout next Saturday. We only saw one ship on -the way, and Amsterdam Island is tho only land we saw. There are about six cases of typhoid abeard, nnd the men who got vaccinated aro very bad. I had a bit of an uccidenfc on the second Sunday after we left Sydney. I received a kick on the jaw from a horse and was in the hospital for eight day» in consequence. I am alright now and have been promoted to saddle corporal. Maxwell waB very bad ; he fed all the fishes him- self. Foulstone, Brown and myself are as lively as bees. I caught a flying fish, which flew on the deok, last night. There are about 200 of us aboard. and we sleep and have our meals in a cabin about 18 feet square and 8 feet high. Our colonel speaks well of us. He says he never saw such a well-behaved lot of mea in his life for untrained men. I am getting fat and weigh'12 stone. Maxwell is like a ghost and Charley Brown is as fat as mud. The beer we get ou board is nat like Liverpool beer, especially Stombuco's and the Royal, for you can ch*»w it. I hope when this reaches you all the Liverpool people are millionaires." " Off Capetown, February 15th.-We are on the point of landing and everything is in a state of confusion. We are getting everything ready toland. We have had a splendid passage, but she ts a dirty ship, and the sooner we get to the ¡ front the better." " Maitland, Capetown, February 22nd.-Wo landed safe on the 18th and went into camp at Maitland. We may be off at any moment. On« of our companies is leaving to-day. The horses and men are all looking: well. The people here aro very kind to us. They bring us fruit, tobacco and all kinds of things. I am enjoying the trip alright, and getting anap-shots of everything in the camp which I will send you when I got a chance. We are kept going night and day." THE following are extracts from letters sent» to his parents at Liverpool from Trooper C. C. Bossley, First Australian Horse at- tached to the N.S.W, Lancers at the front in South Africa : " Kimberley, February 16th.-We relieved Kimberley to-day, after some very heavy fighting. At 3 o'clock to-morrow morning we move off to Bloemfontein, so I am scribbling this to let you know I am well and in good spirits. This will be posted when the line is clear. Just had a »troll through the township." " Koodorsrandrift, February 26th.-A couple of fines to let you know I am O.K. We are now about 30 miles from Kimberley on the Modder Uiver. We have Cronje and his men surrounded. We expect a big battle to-day. To-morrow we hope to advance on Bloemfontein. We are about 00,000 strong. Last Sunday we lost about 600 I men. The Boers are getting ver3' fierce. The river ia in flood, and Cronje and his men are entrenched in the banks. They are living on beef alone, having to kill their working bullocks. Our lyddite is playing up with them. I don't know when I shall get another chance to write now that we are advaneing, so don't get alarmed about me. I will write whenever there ia a chance at all. Some of the Carbineers are going to Kimberley to-day with letters, so I want thiB to go. I expect all my letters are at Belmont, but I can't get any for some time. I cannot write more now, as time is up. MR. W. Brown of Nagle-sfcroet, Liverpool, has received the following letter from his son, Private 0. Brown, one of the second con- tingent of N.S.W. Mounted Infantry at the front in South Africa : " Modder River, March 3rd,-We are camped at Modder River, where the great battle was fought. The river is just like George's River. We go for a swim every day and it is a great treat. At night wa are guarding about 8,000 Boers. They are a wild-looking lot nnd give us a bit of trouble sometimes. 400 of us were camped round them last night. We are mounted j all night. Wo might have to leave here at any j moment. There are only about ¿hree houses ! standing on the field, the others having been blown to pieces by the guns. It was a terrible battle. About 15,000 troops are camped here waiting for orders to march, but I do not think ¡ there will bo any use for them now, for my ; opinion is that the war will not last more than five or six weeks longer. It is a gratet "nark" that wo cannot get a go at the enemy. I would like to get into an engagement to sse what it is like, but I do not think there ia a chance. There is a. big flood here and the river ia pretty high, but we swam it yesterday on horsebaek. Wo have all got good horsos, the best up thia way. All tlie stations are pretty well worked by Kaffirs, so I think this will bs a good place for work when the war is over. The trip has opened ray eyes. We can here them fighting about fourteen miles from where we are camped. We ralease people every day half dead from hunger, and they are sent to Capetown in cattle trucks or any other trucks available. It is pitiful to Bee them. They kneel down and cry with joy when we inform thain they have to go to Capetown. lt would bring tears to your eyes to see the children with scarcely any clothing on and nothing to eat. I saw Cronje and his wife. He is a funny looking ftillo>v, with a face like a bull-dog, He ia a cruel wretch and would shoot his own mon if they refused to go to their guns. He was sur- rounded for fivo days before he would surrender, and his wife, who bogged and prayed of him to give up, got wounded in the fight. She always went with him when he was lighting, so she must bo a bravo woman. Cronje is being well treated and the day he came down after sur runderiug wo were all called out to give him a salute. There is not a tree to be seen here. It is 700 miles from Capetown and all along the route we never saw a tra«. Steel posts and wire are used for fencing, and the Boers haye put down barbed wire about two faut from the ground, painted the same color, so as to throw ue off when we were in full gallop. The troops oaught an Englishman fighting with the Boers, and he was shot at Capetown. We are nearly sure to go to England before we come back to Australia, so I reckon it will be fully six months before we are home. I am as happy as a sand-boj'. It would not do to get home-sick here, beoause you could not walk back." HOST Cloke, of Cloke's Family Hotel' Liverpool, has received a letter frena hit brother, who is in the British army at Pe ter- ni ari tzberg, Natal. The following are a few extracts from the letter, which is dated February 28th : u I am, as you see, in Natal. I have been fortunate enough to be selucted for terrica in Thornycroft's Horse, and think myself honored. I hope to get through all right. Nothing much to say yet. Hope to go to tho front in a few moro days. Thornycroft's is considered a erack corps, so I feel fortunate so far. ... I felt that I could not help myself, that the old country needed every man, especially those men who had any training. ... I am well and fit, and hope I may do my duty." 