OM OSSINGTON'S GHOST. -4- (By RICHA? D MAnISH). CIIAPTER VTI.-(Conl tinued. "There's my fortune in that house!' "'Your fortune?' "'Yes, my fortuno; all of it. I brought it home, and Ilid it away ifter Lily went.' "Lily was his wife's name. lie spoke of her with a sort of gasp. Ballingall felt as if lhe had been struck. "'What's your fortune to do with ne?' " 'Everything inlybe-because it is yours, if you'll come and get it; every farthing'. It's anyone's who finds it, anyone's-I don't clre who it is. What loes it matter to me who has it-now? Why shouldn't it be yours? There's heaps and hlaps of money, heaps! More than you suppose. It'll make a rich man ol .you-set you up for life, buy.you horses, carriages, and all. You have only to conme n1d get it, and it is yours. Think of what a diilference it'll make to you-of all that it. will do for you-of all that it will mean. It will pick you out, of the gutter, and place you in a mansion, with as many servants as you like to pay for at your beck and call. And all yours for the fetching--or anyone's for the mat ter of that. But why shouldn't you make it yours? Don't be a fool ,but come, malln, come!' "Hlie continued urging and entreating T.allinglll to come and talie for his own the treasures whllicl he declared? were hidden away in Clover Cottage, until, turning round, without a fare-. well word, lhe walked down the street and disappeared into the. Strand. "Itallingall assured me that he didn't know what. to make of it; and if he was speakinlg the truth, I quite under stand his dillieulty. Ife was aware that, neither physically nor mentally, was lie in dle best of health, and lhe knew •also that Ossington was continually ill his mind. lie might he the vietum of hallucination; but if so, it was hal lucinationll of an extraordinary sort. lie hilmself ]had not touched Ossington, but Ossington had touched him. His touch hnad been solid enough, he look ed solid enough, but how calme he to be in Southampton-street if lie was lying in Wanldsworth Churchyard? On ti'e other hand, the story of the hidden fortune was quite in accordance with what he knew of the1 man's character. lie always had a trick of concealing money, valuables, all sorts of things, in unusual places. And for him to 1have secreted the bulk of ins capital, or even the whole of it, or what repre sented the whole of it, and then to have left the hiding-place unrevealed, for sonme one to discover after he was dead and gone, was just thle sort of tlhing he nmight have been expected to uln. Anyhilow, aitingatll cliiL anot go Clover Cottage the following day. lie found a job when the market opened, and that probably had a. good deal to do with his staying away. The next niglht Ossington returned-if I remem ber rightly, just as Ballingall was about to enter a commnon lodging house. And lie cannt back not that night only, but over and over again, so far as I can understand, for weeks to getlier, and always with the same urgent request, that he would come and fetch the fortune which lay hidden in Clover Cottage. "At last torn by conflicting doubts, driven more thanl half insane-as lihe himself admitted- by the feeling that his life was haunted, lhe did as his mysterious visitor d'esired--he went to Clover Cottage. Ble lung about the house for an hour. At last, persuaded tlhat it was empty, he gasined admission through the kitchen window. No sooner was lie in than a constable who, unconsciously to tlimself, had been ob serving his movements with suspici ous eyes, came and fouind him on the premises. The feeling that, after all, he had allowed himself to be caught in something that looked verby like a trap, bereft Ballingall of his few re maining sen~ses, and ihe resisted the oflicer with a degree of violence which lie would not have shown lhad he re tained his presence of mind. "The result was tliat instead of leaving Clover Cottage the possessor of a fortune, lie left it to be ihauled ignon-i-ously to the station-house." CHIIAPTER VIII. MADGE . .. AND 'THE PANEL. "And is that all the story?" asked Elna, for Mr. Graham had pausedl. "All of it as relates to Bfallinigall. So far as I am concerned, it brought his. history up to date." "And whalt became of him?" "He was tried at the Surrey Sessidns. there was practically no defence-for, of course, .1 could not urg'e on his be half the wild story he had told me. All I could do was to plead extenuating circumnstances. IRe was found guilty, and got twelve months." 'iAnd then?" "Then 1 ca-me in--thant was my first brief, and my last. Although I could not see my way to shape his- story into the form of any' legal plea, still less could 1I erase it from my mind. Ndver ihad I heard such a tale before, and never.had I listened to..a man shlo had so impresscd ne by Ihis compllete sin cerity as Bfllingall ihal done when telling it. lie lhad struck me as being as sane as I myself was; had nsed com mon-place words; hadl not gone out of his way to heighl:ten their colomur; but haid simply, told the thing straight on, esxactlyl as it occurred. I felt con vinced that, from his own1 point of view, tihe iaffair was genuine. "Months went by, and still the story stuck in miy brain. I found myself putting pioposiftions of this kind. There was a house called Clover Cot tage, and there hand lived in it a man n;laied Ossington, an aLvowed eccentric -for I had imide iqluif-ies in tie neigh bourhomd, and ]haid learned that hlie had been regarded thereabouts as more or less insane. Suppose, in tulis empty house of his, hlie had hidden something whielh was more or less valuable, for which there existed no netual owner, nor any desiglnated heir. What then?" The speaker paused again. Then spoke more softly. On his] counten ance the shaldows seemed to deepen. "You must unuldrstand that I am a p1or man. All the world that knows Ie is cons- cious of my poverty, but nlone but myself is asalre how mpoor I reall?y mn. I have felt. and feel, thatl if I ca:I only hold on, I shall win in my irofessioln yet. ]lut, it is the holding on which is so dillicult. Sonime time ago I callle to the cnd of 1oy resources, and dluring thie Ilst, year 1 hisve bIeen living from hand to mouth. lid I had my time more fIlly occupied I should have beel al)e to Isonishl from my mind the I5ln's (lucer story: or had I seen my way to earln money sulflicient to supply my daily slcdls, anyhllo\, without for feiting msy right to call mllyself a pro fessionlal man, ai so barriing that gate to my fulture advancement; my thoughts would not have turned so frequently to that possibly hidden, useless hordst. I was frequently con seious tlhat the whole thing mIight be, and ssrobshly was, a pure phantasm, lndt thst therte waIs no such hoard, and never lssd been; Ilbt, at tile samse time I was erlsualdedc tIhats. allingill had lidot. Ieen a, cOIsciollS liar. "Things camne to suchl a pitch that. I founld mysself illn plossession of less tlhlan ten shillings, and witlh nlothing pawn ahble on which to raise thile wind--you must forgive my enterilng on these de tails, but it is absolutely necessary if you il are to have a complete comprehon sion of my position. This, I told my self, was absurd, and if there really was something hidden at Clover Cot tllge worth having, which could be had for the finding, it was absurder still. I started then anid there with a half formed resolution to piut thle nmtter to ai files test, 1and to look for myself. I reaihed Clover Cottage-to find that it was occupied. There vl?s a plate. out silde, "alnnoslncieig that lessons were givien in music. uly mind had been in a tolerable state of confusiosi when I started. 1 was conscious of tile appa rent ,bsusliity of smy quest; and that conl:sciousnlses Ihad not grown less as I went on. Tie discovelry that the house swas ten'inted made my confusion worse ronifounded. More that half ashamed of smy errand, I was wholly at a loss iwhast to do. While I hesitated, I chasnced to glance up, and there a few yards down the road, was . . . Bal lingall." "I knew it was -n aUllingall." Thl'is was Madge. Ella turned on her. "You knew it was Ballingall?---Iow did you know it was Ballingall? :*It. seems to me that you know every; thing." "Mliss 1rodie," observed Bruce Gra ham,' "very naturally draws her own conclusions. The sight of him turned me into a drivelling idiot. In the con fusion of my mind his appearance on the scene at that particular moment seemed nothing short of supernatural. I felt as if 1 had been guilty of some act of treachery towards him, and as if hle Ihad sprung from goodness alone knew where to catch me in thile very act. I blundered through the gate, knocked at the door and almost forced my way into the house." "You did almost-force your way into thIe house." Madge's tone was grim. "l'mn afraid I did-and, being in. I blurted out some nonsense about being in search of nmusic lessons; and gene rally misbehaved myself all round. As a climax, just as I was about to put an end to my intrusion, I saw Ballingall staring at me through the window. 1 would not have encountered him then for all lie lidden hoards the world contains. I entreated Miss Brodie---to permit me to make my escape thlrough thie back door-andi she did." "Yes, and insulted you as you went." Graham rose from his seat. "You behaved to me, Miss :Brodie, in finitely better than I deserved. You would have been perfectly justified in summoning a. policeman, and givingg ne into chlarge. I can only thank you for your forbearance.. I assure you of my most extreme penitenee. Aiinl while I cannot expect tlhat you will for give nse at once--" - "But I ido forgive you." ladge had also risen.. "Miss lirodie." . ., "Of course I do. A'ni I :did beh?,e bsdly---like a wrietch.: But ildy didnt you explain?" "You saw-vhat, at tlme mom'ent, was mny capacity to 'explain, a?id now youil perceive how extremel3y; :'complicated the explanation would have had to~.ie." 'Bilt to think,"' cried Ellai, "tlihat .we should be in the very ceientre of a t?ys tesy."'c Jack struck tup. .... :. . ::. " :Exactljy-- living in tlhe very ;he obf it; surrounded by it: on eveys? side having it stauring you in the' faicd whliichi ever way you turn.- Whmt did -:I.tell yuo? u:Isn't it blood-cudlljg? ,Like the nm'n s5ays in the son y-yoe irdfly ,ssermdo nknov where you are." ? i. ,Ellan. glanc ee at Mt adge - .. : . '"TIe ' burglary last night- do you thmalk?" :`.: ··~.. :·-.· '"Of course.it was." . '"Without a dbult."*;.:' ' "But, my dear;, how can youi be ,so sure''" i' . " . 'i.' '; . . ;. "Ie was lianging': about 1, day-he tried agan last night; it's 's plain as t possibly can be." *''" Jack, puzzled, had bein looking from nme to th"e other. : "Perhaps you will tell us what is as plain as it possibly.can be." Ella turned to lidm. "'ihere was another burglary last light." "Where?'" 'Here---in the very middle of the night." "Upon my honour!-tlhis appears to Je--Graham, this really does appear to he a pleasant house to live in. The de ights of the country, with the horrors of town thrown in.-Did, you catch the rtifan ?" "Madge heard him first." "Y<es, and then she came and, told "W'here was lie all the time?" "\lt bi, eald I'11 tell you. Then we both of us heard him--then Madge fired--" - "!Fired ?--what?" "Your revolver." "(lracinul-did she hit him?" "She neser saw hlim." "Never sa1w himi Then wvhat did shle fire at?" "Well- -" Ella stlpped, as if somewhat at a loss. So Nadge went on. "I fired to let him know hlie was dis covered. I believe thie bullet lodged in the r'oof."? ' " "hleaveis! whlat a target." "ic took thie hint, and did not wait to be made ai target of himself." "T''hen didn't you see hilm at all?" "T''hrough the window, as he was run ninl down the road." "'id you give the alarm?" We were in our night- dresses." "Why, he might have murdered the two of you if hlie had liked." "Ie might., linut te didn't." Mladge's tone was dry. Ella put her hand up to her ears. "Jack!-don't talk like that; I've beell shivering ever since. You can't thinly what a iday I've had in town thilmking of Madge in the house all nlone." "My idear girl." lie put. his arm about hier ~naist', to comfort her. "And you think thnt. was-Graham's friend." "It was Charles Lallingall." This was MIddge; Ella was less posi tive. "My dear, how can you be so certain'? You" only caught is glimpse of the iman's back in the darkness." "Hle was 'committed for burglary here before. His presence in the day time is followed by another burglary that :iame night Isn't thei inference an obvious one? Don't you think so, Mr. Graham? "It looks exeeedinigly suspicious. To convince a jury of his innocence hie Vwoullld halve to prove an alibi." "Thle burglar, wlhoever it was-and for tihe sake of argument we'll say thirt. we don't know- took nothing with hin!, but he left something behlind him.' a piece of paper with w?iting on it.' When the police came to-day--" "Do you mean to say that the police have been here to-day?" ."Certainly--or, ruther, a sample of them. And a lot of good lie did, or is lilelyto do. I gave himn the original piece of paper, but not before I had copied what was on it. Here is the ejopy. What do you make of it. Mr. Grahalm ?" ' Madge hanided a sheet of paper to the gentlenian addressed. As lie looked at it Jack, ;too impatient to wait Ihis turn, leaned over his elbow to look at it too. "My stars!' Tom Ossington's Ghost!' Large as life! Here's thrillers. I hat's that? 'Right-straight across -three four--up!' Here's mysteries! 'Right"- cat-dog-eat-dog - cat dog-dog-cat-dog-left eye,-push' -there seem to be several dogs after a good few eats. Perhaps it is my stui pidity, but, while it's very initeresting, I don't quite see what it means." Madge paid no attention to Martyn; She kept per eyes fixed on his com p;ilii oii., . ' . "What do you make of it.: Mr. .Gra ham?" she asked. '. )Iruce Graham continued sileiit for a, moment longer; keeping his eyes fixed upon the paper. Then he looked up and met her glance." . "I thinik that w liave ahere the keV of the riddle, iftwe could onily read it." "If -we .could .odly read it!" "Nor, frdm':- a ,superficial glance, should.,I imnigine that that would be very difflicult." . "Nor I." -;.. :. . "One thingit seems to me tlihat this raper; proves--that you wvere correct in your inifdrenc?i:'hund that' last night's buirglar??;as Charles Ballingall." ",iin sam ure of.it." ,:"Yoiu t o;" interposed Martyn. "ap pear to , ie in thorough agreement thoirough!: Which is the more delight lul since y?ou; began by disagreeing. Iaut yoii must excuse my saying that I dpn't.'lnitc sed where the cause for har mony comes in." ; "Are/ you so stupid?" j:"l-My dear M'adge! Don't strike me! '.?I consluttutional." . : "Don't youi see: what tihe situation re (' l, ie continued.) . ' - ,. 