Georgius Triumphans. It was scarcely possible to hope that Sir George Turner would be defeated at St. Kilda, or Mr. Isaacs in Bogong, and but for the indecent haste shown by the Premier to grab place and pay, there would have been no reason to do so. The opponents Ministers had to meet were not strong enough to have any chance of success, but had they contested the seats at the general election they would have had a smaller chance still. Sir George Turner's convention scheme and his eager silent grab at the Treasury Benches turned against him many electors who, had they not been disgusted, would not have hesitated for a moment in supporting him against an opponent so little known and of so little experience as Mr. Densham. The claim that the country desired a change—that it was pining for a Turner Government—which has been reiterated ad nauseam by the Premier, everyone knows to be false and absurd. The issue, Turner or McLean, was never before the people. Perhaps it should have been, and had Mr. McLean shown better tactics no doubt it would, with disastrous results to Turner; but, as a matter of fact, in almost every case the elections turned on personal or other issues, and neither change of government or convention was asked for by the electorates. Sir George Turner has done good service to the State, and it is therefore regrettable to see him grasping at the Premiership for a few weeks merely as a possible stepping stone to office in the Federal Government, and further making himself the tool of a party ^vhich he has girded at in the past, and playing with a convention scheme which he knows he cannot carry, merely to make his grab at the Premier- ship effective. -.Whether Sir . George, :Turnei' remains in the State Parliament or is translated, it is practically certain that the convention nonsense will be dropped as soon as it has served its turn. What chance has a convention of success ? If it is designed to wipe out the Upper House, will the Upper House he such fools as! to assent to the Bill for its creation ? If, on the other hand, it is not desired by its means to reform the Upper House in a manner to.which that House will not consent, what need is there for a convention at all ? If the threat is made that the Assembly shall call the convention into existence by its own action without consulting the Council, it really seems not worth while to do an unconstitutional act in such a round- about way. Why cannot the Assembly, if it is anxious to violate the Constitution, do so without going through the convention farce, merely by carrying resolutions for reform, declaring these resolutions to have the force of law, and waiting to see Avhat will happen ? It would really be much simpler. In the meantime, the Council has the matter in its own hands. It can, and most justifiably will, refuse to pass a Bill designed to kill or cripple it with a very clumsy expensive instrument, and in an unknown way. Even if it chose to let the convention guillotine be laboriously constructed, it might refuse to put its'head under it by withholding assent to the convention's proposals when they were submitted for the ratification of Parliament. The position then would be interesting, for no Reform Bill or other Bill can become law without the consent of!both Houses. Of course, the Council could be unconstitutionally clubbed, if Sir George Ttirner had the pluck, the desire, or the support necessary for such an act. Of couse, again, he has not. The convention and revolution are harmless bogies for Sir George Turner and Mr. Trenwith to play ghost with and frighten themselves, but they fail to frighten anybody else. 