Che roaster Christian. MARIE CORELTiFS ATTACK ON THE ROMAN CAiHOLlC CHURCH. "To all those Cliurckeswho quarrel in tlie nariie of Christ" is the uncompromising dedication of Miss Marie Corelli's new romance, The Master Christian. The story begins at Rouen. Cardinal Felix Bonpre is a high-minded Christian prelate, the one good priest of the book. He is staying at Rouen in a poor inn, being too simple to accept the hospitality •of the Archbishop at his ecclesiastical palace. " "The Divine is condemned to die in all palaces,'- he would say; .'it is only in the glorious world of Nature. . . . . that the god in us can live. . . . The Saviour always taught Hie followers in the open air.'" Though this is pretty, it is hardly the •exact truth. At Rouen the good Cardinal picks up a poor homeless boy. Here is Miss Corelli's description of him: — "What a sad face he had!—worn and weary,, yet beautiful!—what eyes, heavy with the dews of sorrow, yet tender even iu pain!" This boy is the Christ himself. By His aid the good Cardinal cures a little lame boy of his infirmity, and turns .the rebellous son of the innkeeper into an industrious and obedient youth. ; - IN WICKED PARIS. At Rouen Miss Corelli commences her tirade against the Ohurch in h£r drawing of the worldly Archbishop; but it is later, at Paris and Bome, that she develops her attack. Paris, where the Cardinal first proceeds, is indeed a nest of wickedness. "As Godless, as hollow to the very core of rottonness, as her sister of ancient days, wanton "Lutetia' shines—with a ghastly and unnatural lustre as of phosphorescent luminance arising from old graves." The grammar is obscure, but the denunciation at least is robust. Here the Cardinal stays with his niece, Angela Sbvrani, (one of those wonderful , women geniuses beloved by Miss. Corelli. Angela is a painter, also "a rare type' of ; Tier sex—unlike any other woman in the world." "Her eyes were violet-grey in hue, and drowsy lidded, ' with long, lashes -that swept the delicate pale cheeks in a dark golden fringe of shadow. .. . . . JKer face, form, voice, and coloring were like ' a chord of musib—harmonious." After this we are not surprised to hear that she has the genius "of a Murillo or a Raphael," and that that she loves a fellow artist who was quite unworthy of her. Florian, that is his name, writeg her verses, "for most Italians write verse as easily as they eat macoroni." At Angela's house we meet a good English Socialist, a wicked marquis, and a still wickeder priest. The priest, the Abbe Vergniaud, has an illegitimate son. Nearly all the priests in this book have. This son has vowed to shoot his father to avenge his mother's shame. The abbe, under the influence of Cardinal Bonpre, repents of his sins, and makes a public confession, at the conclusion of which his son shoots him, not, however, fatally, and father and son become reconciled. MISS CORELIIL'S TYPICAL PRIEST. Angela is at work on four pictures. One she keeps a profound secret, but the others she shows her uncle. The first is called A Servant of Christ. Here is the description: — "Low beetling brows—a sensual cruel mouth, with a loosely projecting underlip—eyes that appeared to be furtively watching each other across the thin bridge of nose—a receding chin, and a narrow cranium, combined with . an expression which was hypocritically humble, yet sly . . a type mercilessly true to the life; the face of a priest." There is a great deal of "smart" conversation in Angela's studio. The characters for the main part speak English, though there are many French expressions, such as "Tais-toi," "tres-saint," "bien aime," and so . on, interlarded here and there. The scene changes to Rome.. Here we meet Angela's lover and more wicked priests. Florian has a poor opinion of women's work. He says to one of the ladies:— "Your charming sex often succeeds in doing very clever and pretty things; but in a man they would be considered surprising. You fairy creatures are hot made for fame—but for love." Cardinal Bonpre is haled before the Pope to explain why he has behaved like a .Chrietiaai. He is .accompanied by the Christ boy Manuel, and the Pope is attended by two of his councillors—Moretti i and Gherardi. . The character of the first of these may be gathered from the following:—• "Hate is a grand, a strong quality ! It makes nations—it builds up creeds! If men loved one another what should they need of a Church? . . . Prom hate and envy spring emulation and conquest! —and we of the Church encourage the haters to hate on." After uttering this sentiment, '"he stood enrapt, * _ » his hand upraised, his eyes flashmg. Compared to Moretti, Gherardi is a poor sort of rogue, merely unscrupulous and unclean. THE CHRIST AND THE POPE. Bonpre and Manuel are ushered into the presence of the Pope, who, in appearance, Miss Corelli says, "suggested with dreadful exactitude a corpse in burial clothes." So pale and thin is he that he "might have posed as the frail ghost of a dead Faith," as he sat on his throne, "like a shrunken white mummy set in a gilded sarcophagus." The Cardinal says nothing to the Holy Father's charges, but the boy Manuel pours out a flood of argument and invective. The beautiful boy stood on the first step of the throne, "likp an angel suddenly descended at the portal of the mummy's tomb;" and as he listens, "the Pope's figure seems to grow more and more attenuated." This is the end of the scene:—; " 'I speak as One having authority, and not as the scribes!' said Manuel, with a swift flashing' glance, which like a shaft of lightning seemed to pierce through flesh and bone; for, as he met that radiant and commanding look, the jewellike eyes of the Pope lost their lustre and became fixed and glassy, and, like a dead body which had only been kept in place by some secret mechanical action, he fell back in his chair senseless, his limbs stretching themselves out with a convulsive shudder into stark immovability." Manuel and the Cardinal leave the Vatican, and feeling it no longer safe to remain in Rome, depart , for London with .th^Jielp of the English Socialsit we !:ave mentioned before. A SOCIALIST HERO. This-man, Audrey Leigh, is a remarkable person. It is a little difficult to discover exactly what he is, but his power will be gathered from the following conversation. One of the Papal authorities says— . ,. "Our prayers - for the conversion of England will yet be granted." "Not while I live," says Audrey firmly. Audrey is "a failure in 'tip-top circles' " ' because he neither bets nor swears nor carries on intrigues. In spite of the whole of the cardinals, however, he foils in love with a beautiful Hungarian, and marries her before 3,000 people in the . lEast-Endjof -London, at a service invented by himself. Meanwhile Angela has finished hyr great picture. It is of immense size and .of: that/allegorical nature beloved by the Kaiser. She shows it to her-lover, and he, jealous of her fame, stabs her wich the idea of afterwards passing the picture off as his own. Naturally so foolish a person gets his deserts. Acgela recovers, and is learning, at the end of the book, to love another, while her would-be murderer is burnt to death in a Trappist monastery. The good Cardinal dies in London, and the Christ boy returns from whence He came. Though incidentally Miss Corelli tills at vivisection" and the Anti-Dreyfussards, and frequently speaks ill of dignitaries, the book is substantially a Protestant fulmination. Here is her opinion i f tin Church: — "The Church, instead of "being a brotherhood united in the Divine servicv of Christ, is a mere secular system of avarice and tyranny." As an appendix Miss Corelli prints some Belies of Paganism in Christianity as Approved by English Bishops. The Archbishops of Canterbury and York and the Bishops of London, Bristol, Chester, Chichester, Lincoln, Oxford, and St. Albans are quoted. The practices tliey ar» said to approve are the use of incense, the confessional, and hymns to the Virgin. It is a strenuous—a very strenuous— book, and should please Mr. Kensit greatly. It consists of 634 pages, and the publishers have issued a first edition of unprecedented size—more than 100,000 copies, it is stated.—London Daily Mail. A pearl of waddle from a rhapsody on criticism by that very young piano paralyser, Treharne, of the Elder C-onservatorium: "The force of sarcasm could no further go—the fluoric acid mordancy of it masked by the cream-milk mildness. It is a monument, in its way, as colossal as the work it celebrates. If we go on at this rate a Darwin's occupation will soon be gone. The wing-heel'd Mercury of John of Bologna will no longer be a mere type to us, but we shall find ourselves some fine morning making a footstool of this earthly ball." The fluoric acid mordancy! Will somebody hurriedly pass Mr. Treharne the self- esteem pot ? Tenders for the big building which the Citizens' Life Assurance Society are about to luild next to the Criterion in King W illiam-street were received this week, and soon the shops now on the land will disappear. Not long ago there was f project to erect a spacious theatre on the site. The project advanced far enough to enable designs to be drawn out for the structure. Eeceived: The Review of Reviews for September, the principal feature being the Great Queensland Winter Trip by the Rev. Joseph Berry.—Annual report of the Perth Chamber of Mines.—From the Mutual Life of New York their booklet illustrating the triumphal arch erected in honor of Admiral Dewey by the City of New York. THE CRITIC has to acknowledge the receipt of a fine geological plan of S.A. from the Commissioner of Crown Lands. The plan is splendidly produced, and credit to the Lands Department. Calder's Cafe, in Rundle-street, is< one of the most complete restuarants in Adelaide. It is handsomely fitted, and is a favorite resort of business people for lunch and afternoon tea. A smokeroom and lounge is provided, and everything is done, to make patrons comfortable. Holder's foolish insistence on the advisability of making October 1 a holiday had the effect of losing many State school children their day's work last Monday. The Michaelmas holidays began with the previous week, and the teachers with one accord told the youngsters that they need not return until Tuesday, October 2. Biekford's Cough Elixir —Original and Best Cougii Mixture Sold. Critic photo NOTABLE HOMES. The Myrtles, the residence of Mr. H- G E- Muecke, Medindie* The enquiry into the affairs of the Perth Ice Company would kill any Government in the world, .. bar those of Westralia and the Celestial Empire. John Forrest had shares in the co., and it worked the most audacious swindle on the railways, about £2,500 being involved i'or short freight paid on false consignment notes. According to the report of the Premier's speech, that right lion, gentleman sold his shares at A'l each just before the Government determined to come down on the co. THE CRITIC has some doubts as to the accuracy of the report. The shares dropped to ten shillings each immediately the Government took action, and it was inevitable that such a drop should occur. It would be too awful to believe that any public man would dare to admit such a shady transaction. However, the Parliament granted a select committee to enquire into the transactions, and it appears that complaints on the subject were made to the Railway Department in 1897. Quite recently .lie Kalgoorlie Sun had a scathing article on the subject, public attention was arrested, the Government' felt compelled to intervene, and the 'Perth Ice co. no longer reaped the profits of swindling. Briscoe, of Melbourne, has now bought a controlling interest in the business, and will in future collect most of the dividends. The way the swindle was worked may be boiled down thus. The co. had its own truck, and was engaged nominally in shipping, ice to the goldfields. The truck was not checked by the railway officers in any manner. Keys of the lock were held only by the co., and the Government exercised no check on what was put in or taken out. The consignment note would show, say, three quarters of ice. The actual contents of the truck would be, say, five tons of produce—bacon, eggs, butter, milk, &c.; Ice is conveyed at very nominal rates, but the freight on produce, not being West Australian, is very high. The Perth Ice co. was thus able to compete with advantage for trade on uie goldfields. Another Kitchener yarn, for which a returned first contingenter is responsive, pays a high compliment to N,Z. men— and N.Z. sheep. Riding P t Zealanders' camp at Bloemfontem, U t o N the W Chief made a sort of a formal inspection of tne colonials. Before he rode away lie turned to a fellow officer and said: "Those fellows are as good as you wish to see; they're as good as the mutton that comes from their country, and how good that is, only those like myself, who used it so regularly on the Soudan, can vouch for." The Australian stage seems to have known a good many examples of the entire absence of that emotion of which the fig leaf on the stone indies at the National Gallery is the outcome. Emily Soldene tells of an operatic prima- donna who stood by in the one garment that lovely woman is rapidly discarding directing a cabman in the movement of her boxes. But this was in London. It is not long since her manager had to remonstrate with a popular actress for her carelessness in. dressing. She indignantly broke off her engagement. A brilliant operatic comedienne, whose fall from fame has "been as sudden as pathetic, frequently wandered about behind in a state of semi-nudity. The Minister.—I never see you bring your baby to church. The Thoughtful Wife.—No; I'm afraid the dear little thing might keep my husband awake. . 