Vita nine litorU mom est. BARCALD1NE, TUESDAY, AUGUST7,1900. Christianising the Chinese. AMONG the many causes operating to I produce the horrible massacres which have recently taken place in China the principal is undoubtedly that spirit of proselytisnv which lias' studded the Chinese Empire with mission stations. Perhaps because it is the most difficult of missionary fields is one reason why snch determined efforts have been made to establish Christianity in that I country. The most earnest efforts [ have been made by the missionary societies, not only in Great Britain, but in Amorica, France, Germany, and even in Australia, to spread Christi anity in the Chinese Empire, but | hitherto with most disheartening and even disastrous results. The zealous Christian teacher takes for his man , date the words of his Great. Master: " Go ye forth unto all the world ami preach tbejGospel to every creature." This mandate has been literally obeyed. Missionaries with wonderful courage and perseverance have penetrated to the uttermost ends of the earth, setting up their tabernacles in the midst. of the heathen, braving discomfit, indig nities, even death and torture, in their desire to make converts to Christianity. In China they have the initial difficulty to encounter of learning to express themselves in the most complicated language in the world, and to teach a doctrine utterly at variance with the religion of the country. They are too often forgetful that the Chinese are a people whose prepossessions and pre judices and cherished judgments are the growth of millenniums. The Chinese higher and middle classes have tolerated missionaries, but their teach ings they have regarded with amused apathy. A mighty nation which has " witnessed the rise to glory and the decay of Egypt, Assyria, Babylonia, Persia, Greece, and ltome, yet still remains the only monument of ages long bygone," is too conservative to be impressed or attracted by or even tolerant of change in its religion. Consequently the missionaries have made few converts, sind it is doubtful if ever these conversions are genuine. Worship of ancestors is the keystone of the religion of the "Chiuese. The missionaries condeixni this as idolatry. Dr. Hudson Taylor, the founder of the American Baptist Mission at Foochow, in iiis address to the Mission Confer ence at Shanghai in 1800, reasoned thus: " Ancestral worship is idolatry from beginning; to end, the whole of it and everything connected with it. China's religion is idolatry; the Chinese are universally idolatrous, and the fate that befalls idolaters is clearly pointed out by Scripture—their past is in the lake of fire.' At Wairshieu a mission was founded in 1887. In six years tbo missionaries had made no converts, but there were three hopeful i " inquirers," whose conversion would be the more speedy if they could be provided with employment afterwards, i The idea among the Chinese is that everyone who enters any sect should live by it. When a Chinaman becomes a Christian he expects to live by his Christianity. Hence the experience in China is that if a convert is made that person expects to be maintained and protected by the missionaries. The earnest teacher of Christianity must feel that in China he is exercising an awful responsibility, for according to the doctrine laid down by Dr. Taylor, the founder:—" The heathens are all guilty in God's eyes; as guilty they perish everlastingly." Another earnest missionary asserts that there is some possible mitigation of punishment for those who have not heard the Gospel— " they will be judged by the Almighty as He thinks fit, but those Chinese who have heard the Christian doctrine and still steel their hearts against the Holy Ghost will assuredly go to Hell; there is no help for them; they can believe and they won't; had they be lieved then reward would be eternal; they refuse to believe and their punish ment will be eternal." Such an ex position of Christianity is exasperating and nauseating to ourselves. What must it be to the Chinese ? The con vert must believe that his father and his ancestors are in the lake of fire and brimstone suffering eternal torture before he can enjoy the privileges and consolations of Christianity. Such a feeling is so utterly repugnant to the Chinese mind that one can hardly wonder at the hatred exhibited towards the preachers of such a doctrine by the millions who have been taught for ages to worship their ancestors, and in due time to join them in the unknown regions beyond the grave. Within the limits of this article it would be impossible to do more than briefly glance at the work being done by the missions in China. According to Dr. Morrison, the Times correspond ent at Pekiu, who, it is feared, was massacred last month nt the British Legation, there are 1511 Protestant missionaries laboring in the Empire, whose harvest may be described as amounting to a fraction more than two Chinamen per missionary per annum ; but if the paid native helpers be added to the number of missionaries the aggregate body converts nine tenths of a Chinamen per worker per annum. The yearly cost of this is £'.550,000. Unhappily the missionaries are divided into so many sects that even a foreigner is bewildered by their number, let alone the heathen to whom they are accredited. There are mis sions of all persuasions and countries. The Catholic and Protestant mission* aries are not 011 speaking terms, the Baptists are jealous of the Church of England; each mission looks with some disfavor upon the work done by its neighbors, and has some reasonable misgivings as to the genuineness of their conversions. There are also " Rice Christians", who become con verted in return for being provided with rice, and who are said lo have been eouverted in turn, after timely lapses from grace, by all the missions from the Augustans to the Quakers. The spread of Missions in the Empire lately has been coincident with the acquisition of territory by the Powers, and this 1ms undoubtedly caused the Manchus an uneasiness where formerly only indifference was felt. The result has been the preseut extended crusade against all Christians and foreigners. Truly the words of the great founder of Christianity are being confirmed throughout the ages : " Think not that I am come to send peace on earth. I came not to send peace, but a sword." 