the stobotelleb The Mound by the Way. By Eden Phillpotts. I. Where tbe sylvan character of the tc-ene changes ; where fields give place to hanging woods, bdA they in their turn thin to poverty and obliquity under eternal stress of western winds, a gate, r« sting by its own weight against a granite post, indicates the limits of agriculture acd forestry upon tbe confines of tbe high moor. Beneath this standpoint Artemisian Devon's un numbered breasts billow to the misty horizor, ? ? it ? l ? ? ? anadelicioup, aimpung: vtmeys, ueiwtcu me mgu arable lands and higher wealds, are marked by orchard', wa«er meadows, aDd ibe winding ways of various rivers. These, bom in the lemote moorland cup of Cranmere, have come from far, and now, with slower current and ampler volume, they room melodiously ibrough pleasant lees, through denes and dir.gles of sweet flowers, beneath the music of tbe birds and the shadows of great woodlands, to their conflufnre with tbe sea. Here, too, cuddle hamlets and rise c rocketed church towers : peat reek sweetens tbe air ; blue doves croon through blue smoke on many a low thatched cot ; and life moves in digLifiid simplicity and peace. The habitations of men glimmer with whitewashed walls at fringes of pine forests, at wind-blown croBsways, about small village gieens, on lonely roads, up stepp bil'sides, and among sunny oooml s. Homesteads rise in lofty isolation alorg the edges of the great central loneliness ; whole villages lie in the lap of fair green hills ; and the manifold planes of this spacious scene, whether uuder flying cloud shadows or grey rain, mid- day sunlight or the splendour of summer moons, commingle in one vision whose particulars only vary to the play of the dawn and sunset lights,- to the hands of the roaming elements, to the seasons that revolving bring each in turn awakening life, high colour pageants, dying pomps, ultimate sobrieties, aud snowB. Beyond the gate to the moor rises a steep road of broken granite and flint. It climbs upwards, straight and dogged, into the world of the heather, and, pursued a little way, reveals the solemn sweep and dip of the circumambient waste. To the skyline tumbles this billowy ocean, and the ripples upon the crest of each mighty wave aie granite. Here rise giant tors, adorned at tbis august season with pnrple ling to their footstools of stone ; here subtend wildernesses between the high bills ; and the sheep-bells jangle upon them and the red kine bellow from the watercourses. At eight of you a rook, bis feathers blown awry, hops thrice, then ascends heavily : but the kestrel, with greater distinction of flight, glides away from his perch upon a stone ere he sweepB aloft, with long reaches, to baDg motionless in the air like a brown star afar off. The moorland world extends as a vast, undulating mosaic of olive and dun, thinly veiled by the bloom of the ling and splashed with golden furze and grey granite. . The expanse is touched with an umber and velvet warmth in sunshine, is enriohed with the pure, cool purple of cloud shadows, brightened into sheer emerald-green wbere springs burst from their peat moss cradles under pearh of seeding cotton grass, and lightened throughout its sombre heath-tones with glistening sheets of polished ferns, where the tracts of the bracken stand under direct sunlight. There is warmth too in its breezy interspices — warmth won from the ruddi ness of ripe rush-heads and manifold grasses, all bending and swaying in brown and silver waves under the wind. At the junction of two roads that cross at right angles within a hundred yards of tbe moor-gate, there stands a blackthorn of venerable shape. It is a deformed, grotesque tree, much bent and shrivelled. Its boughs are coated with close fabric of grey incrusiations, but such clothing has failed to protect its carcase against a century of winters and bitinp winds. Tn autumn the scanty foliage ix still b igbtened by a meagre crop of fruit; but life crawls, with difficulty up the zigzag bones of this most ancient thorn, while each spring its tardy sap awfkes Jess of tbe tree, and leaves increasing concourse of abrupt and withered twigs to rot above and below tbe centre of vitality. Beneath this ruin you shall note a slight hillock of green grass, where foxgloves shake aloft their purple pyramids of blossom, and a rabbit's hole passes close beside tbem. Of artificial barrow or modern burying place there is no suggestion here ; and yet this mound by the highway side conceals a grave ; and the story of the human dust within it is that of one who lived and smarted more than a hundred years ago. Men were of the same pattern then as now , but manners varied vastly ; and the moorman who farms upon the grudging boundaries of that great central desert to-day and curses the winds that scatter his beggarly newtakes with thistle-down and fern seed, might wonder at the tales tbis tame wild wind could tell him of past times and of the customs of his ancestors. Human life on the m. or is hard enough even at pressnt, but modern methods of softening the rough edges of existence were still less con sidered in the beginning of the century, when American and French prisoners of war broke their hearts at Princetown. In those days thB natives of the Devonshire highlands endured much and langhed at the more delicate nature of the town folk, as the wandering Tauregs laugh when their softer fellows exchange tent and desert for the green oases, of many palms and sweet waters. Then food was rough on Dartmoor, and drink was rougher. Cider colic all men knew as a common ill ; most beverages were brewed of native herbs and berties ; only upon some occasion of rare rejoicing would a lavish goodwife commission ' Johnny Fortnight,' the nomad packman, to bring her two or three ounces of genuine cathav as a lordly entertainment for her cronies. It was rather more than a century ago that one John Aggett dwelt within two hundred yards of tbe thorn bush already described ; and the re maios of his cottage, of which the foundation and a broken wall still exist, may be seen bard by, a grey ghost, all smothered with nettles, docks, and trailing briars. A cultivated patch of land formerly extended round tbis dwelling, and in that old world garden grew kale and potatoes, with apple trees, and elder, whose fruit made dismal wine, and sundry herbs used for seasoning meat or ministering to sickness. No evidence of this cultivation now survives, save only the ruined wall and a patriarchal crab-apple tree — tha Btock tbat only supported a choicer scion long since perished. Here resided John Aggett and his widowed mother. The cottage was the woman's propriety, and that no regular rent had to be paid for it she held a lucky circumstance, for John by no means walked in hie laborious father's footsteps. Woik indeed he could, acd perferm prodigious feats of strength when it pleased Lim ; but it was not in the details of his prosaic trade as a tbatcher that he put forth his great powers. Business by no means attracted him or filled his life. As a matter of fact, the man was extremely lazy, and only when the sports of tlie field occupied his attention did he disdain trouble and e xertion. He would tramp for many miles to shoot plovers or tbe great golden-eyed beath poults and bustards that then frequented the moor ; he cared nothing for cold and hungei on moonlight winter nights when wild ducks and tree e were to be slain ; and trout fishing in summer-time would brace him to days of heroic toil on remote waters. But thatching, cr the thought of it, proved a sure nicotic to his energies ; and it was not until Sarah Bel worthy came into his life as a serious factor that tbe young, red-haired giant began to take a more seriouB view of existence and coun* tbe ultimate cost of wasted years. Man and maid bad known one ano'her from early youth, and John very well remembered the first meeting of all, when he was a lanky youngster of eleven, she a little lass of eight. Like the boy, Sarah was an only child, and her parents, migrating from Chagford to Throwleigh, within which mootland parish the Aggetts dwel*, secured a cottage midway between the home of the thatcher and the village in the valley below. Soon afterwards the children met upon one of the winding sheep tracks that traverse the Moor on every hand. They were npon the same businessj and each, moving slowly along, sought for every tress, lock, or curl of sheep's wool that hung here and there in the thorny clutch of furze and bramble. The boy stopped, for Sarah's great grey eyes acd red mouth awoke something in him. He felt angry because (he blood flowed to hiB freckled face ; but she was cool as the little spring that rose in their path, cool as the crystal water that bubbled up and set a tiny column of silver sand shivering among the red sundews and bog asphodels at their feet. ' Marnin' to 'e,' said John, who already knew the small stranger by sight. ' Marnin', Jan Asrgett.' ' An' what might your name, be be if I may ax ? ' ' I be called Sarah, but Sally most times ; an' I be woolgatherin' same a-» you.' ' Ha9t a-got gude store '- ' 'But little yet.' ' I'll shaw 'e all the best plaaoes, if you mind to let me.' ' Thank 'e, Jan Aggett. My mother's a gert spinner.' ' An' my mother's a gert spinner, tu.' ' Not so gert as mine, I reckon.' ' Never was better'n my mother.' ' Mine be better, I tell 'e ! Her spins black wool an' white together into butivuul, braave grey yarn ; an' aula Churdles Asbhim, what's got the loom to Chaggyford, do buy it for money with gladness.' ' Ban't much black wool in the s» paarls, an' my mother knits her woisted into clothes for me. Buut I'll share what I find with yju now.' ' I'll lay I'll find a plenty for myself ' ' I'll lay you will An' I'll shaw 'e wheer tbe dewberries be autumn time, an' wheer the best hurts be got out Bi-lstones way, an' wheer the properest rex 'n«s* for cannel-making do gr*w ' ' Sure, you'm a very kind fashioned bwo} , Jan Aggett' ' You'd best to call me just ' Jan ' like other folks.' ' So I will ; an' you'd best to call me ' Sally.' ' ' Burned if I doan't then ! An' us'll be friends.' . From that time forward the somewhat lonely children became close companions; and when years passed and Sara' ripened to maidenhood, while John brough t forth a straw- coloured moustache and thick beard that matcheh his ruddy lock', Ihe pair of them were already regarded by their own generation as surely bound for marriage in due season. There came an afternoon when the girl had reached the age of 18, and John was just arrived at man's estate. They worked together in the valley at harvest-time, and the thatcher, standing on the stack-ladder, watched the girl where she was gleaning, and likened her pink sun-bonnet to some bright flower nodding over the gold stubbles. Presently she came to him with a bundle of good corn under her arm. ' 'Tis long in the straw this year,' she said. * Bexens foe cannel-making. Bushes for candle -making. He roughly fashioned the letters ' S.B.' and *' J.A..,' with a scroll around them. ' Tou must thresh it for me when you can, and hand me the stray for plaiting. I can sell all the hats an' bonnets tu, as I'm like to weave. An' Passon do alius give me half-a-crown each year for a new straw hat.' John came down from bis perch, and picked up the little sheaf. Then, the day's work done, they dawdled up the hill, and Sarah, hot and weary, after toil in great sunshine, sometimes took John's hand, like a little child, when the road revealed no other person. Up thiough tbe lanes from Throwleigh to tbe high land they mai?e their way, past a wall where scabious drew a nkyblue mantle over the silver and ebony lichens of the granite. Pennyworts also raised their little steeples from the iutcrstices of the old wall ; briars brjke its lines ; red berries and black twinkled among the grasses, and dainty cups -rod pursss of ripe seed* revealed tbeir treasure ; flowers not a few also blossomed there ; while butterflies gemmed the gol ien ragwort and bees struggled at the blossoms of late honeysuckle. A mellow murmur of life gladdened tbe old wall and the sun, slow sinking behind distant Gosdon, warmed the venerable fabric with rich horizontal light. At a break in the stones dipped a stream in a little dark nest of ferns, and hire, loo, stood a stile leading into heavy woods, where one sentinel beech tree arose at the corner of a game keeper's path through the preserves. Hither, weary with her labours and desiring a brief rest, Sarah turned, climbed the stile, and sat down beneath the tree. John accompanied her and they reclined in silence awhile, where tbe ripe glory of August sunshine sent a shimmer of ruddy and diaphanous light into the heart of the wood and flamed upon the bole of tbe great beech. A wood pecker suddenly depirted from the foliage above the silent p»ir. He made off with a dipping, undulatory motion and cheerful laughter, as who should say, ' two is company, three is none.' John turned to Sarah and sighed and shook his hesd while he tickled her hand with a straw from the sheaf. Sbe did not withdraw it, so he oime a little nearer and put the straw up her arm ; then followed it with two of his own fingers and filt her moist skin under them. Sbe laughed lizily, and tbe music fired his heirt and Bluggish tongue. ' Ob, Sally, how lang be I to dance upon your beck and call for nought ? How long be I to bide this way while you bang back P ' ' Us couldn't be gerter friends.' ' Ess fay, but us could. Wheer do friendship lead to 'twixt men an' women ? Dost hear ? I (Continued on Page 216.) knaw you'm butival to see, an' purtiest gal in Throwlfligh an' such like ; an' I knaw man o' my fortune an' poor brain power's got no right. An' yet, though 'tis bowldacious eo to do, I ban't built to keep away from 'e. I peek an' pine an' dwindle for 'e, I do.' ' 4 Dwindle,' dear heart ! Wheer's the signs of that P You'm stronger an' taller an' better 'n an y man in Thro pcleigh.' ' Did 'e say ' better,' Sally ? Did 'e mean it ? 'Tis a year since I fust asked 'e, serious as a man, an' a dozen times 'twixt then an' now I've axed again. I swear I thought as I'd seen love light in them misty eyes of thine, else I'd have troubled 'e less often. But — but—' ' Wouldn't I have sent 'e away wi' a flea to your ear when fust you axed if I'd meant all I said, you silly gawkim P ' Then he put his arm round her and hugged her very close. No artifice restrained the plump natural curves of her waist ; her garments were thin, and the soft body of her beneath then fired him. ' Give awver ! You'm squeezin' me, Jan ! ' ' Say it then — Bay it out — or I'll hug 'e, an' hug ?e, an' hug 'e, to death for sheer love ! ' ' You gert thick-headed twoad ! Caan't 'e read awnly a woman's words to 'e ? Haven't 'e found out these long months ? Didn't 'e even guess how 'twas when we went christening Parmer Chave's apple trees by night an' 1 slapped our face for coinin' to me arter you'd been fooling with that slammocking maypole uf a gal, Tom Chubb's darter ? You'm blind for all your eyes.' He gave au inarticulate grunt ouly half human, and poured huge noisy kisses on her hair and face and little ears. Sweatin' for joy I be ! To think it — to think you finds the likes o' me gude enough for 'e ! Theer — theer. Hallelujah ! ' He shouted and dauced with the grace of a brown bear, while she smoothed herself from his salutations and sat up panting after such rough embrace. Then he took out his knife and sought the beech -tree behind them. Sunset fires were dying away. Only a stirry twinkling of auburn light still caught the high tops of the tallest trees and marked, them out against the prevailing shadows of the woods. ' 'Tis a deed should be cut on the fust bark as meets your eyes arter the woman's said ' yes ' to 'e,' declared John. Then, turning to tbe trunk where lichens painted pale silver patterns on the grey, he set to work, at the height of a mail's heart, and roughly fashioned the letters '? S.B.' and ' J.A.' with a scroll around them, and a knot beneath to indicate the nature of tiue love. ' Theer let it bide, sweetheart, for our childer's childer to see when we'm sleepin' down a!ong.' ' Go away with 'e, Jan ! ' Presently they moved upwards to their homes. ' Braave news for my mother,' said the girl. ' Braave news for mine,' declared John. The sun had set and tie twilight was in Sarah's grey eyes as she lifted them to him. Together tbey passed upwards very slowly, with her head agaiubt hitj shoulder, and his arm jound her. ' Tis a pleasant thing seemin'ly to have a huge gert man to love 'e.' ' Ess fay, my bird ! You'll live to knaw it, please God.' From their lofty standpoint spread the wide Bcene of warning light on a fading world ; and above the eastern horizon, through the last roses of the afterglow, imperceptibly stole a round shield of pale pearl Aloft the sweeping wind clouds lost their light and turned slate -grey as the misty phantom of the moon gatheied bright ness, and the western nimbus of Runset faded away round Cosdon'e' great hogged back. Then John took hid lips from his love's and gave her the sheaf of gleaned corn and left her at her father's door, wh'le be tramped on up the hill. His mother trembled l efore the long-anticipated truth and knew the firet place in his heart gone at last. ' As purty as a pitcher in truth,' she said, ' but something too taffety* for tbe wife of a day labouier. ' 'Not so,' answeied the man ' Shee'm an angel out v' heaven, au' she'll come to be the awnly wife worth namin' on Dartymoor. For that matter she ban't feared of a day's work herself, nn' have awftmtimes earned a four penny piece 'pun the land.' II. Throughout the week Samson Bel worthy, the father of Sarah, swung a sleJge and followed a blacksmith's calling ; upon tbe day of rest his labours were of a more delicate sort, for he played the ba-s viol and ' jm'led so guJe a bow ' as any chuich choir murieiau around about the moor. This man accepted John as suitor to his daughter with certain reservations. He had no mind t» dismiss Sally into poverty, and bargaiued for delay until Aggett had saved money, obtained regular occupation, instead of his present casual trade, and arrived at a worldly portion in which he could command a stone cottage and thus offer his wife a home worthy of her. From desultory application to the business of his dead father — a soit of work in 'which he had never much distinguished himself — John now turned his face upon the problems of life in earnest, and sought employment under a re sponsible master. His ambition was to win a place as gamekeeper or assistant keeper on the es tates of the manor lord; but he lacked the necessary qualifications in the opinion of those who knew him, being, indeed, strong enough, courageous enough, and familiar enough with the duties of such a calling, but having an uncertain temper, in nature fiery as his own oncoming beard. Finally, his physical strength obtained for him daily work and weekly wage at Farmer ChaveV Upon the establishment of Cridland Barton he entered, and, as cowman, began a new chapter of his life. All proceeded prosperously during the autumnal progress of his romance. John gave every satisfaction, was said to have forgotten bis way ~~ * Taffety. Delicate, dainty. to the sign of the Green Man, and certainly de veloped unsuspected capabilities in the direction of patience and self-control. He toiied amain, attracted his master's regard, and won the red-hot friendship of his master's son. This youth, by name Timothy, returning from his apprenticeship to a brewer at Plymouth, after a futile endeaver to master the particulars of that profitable business, decided to follow ia his father's footsteps, much to the elder's disappoint ment. Timothy Chave elected to be a farmer, however, «d coming home to Cridland Barton a fortnight before Christmas, he devoted his days and night* to the pleasure of sport as a pre liminary to the tremendous application he promised when the new year should come. He was two years younger than John Aggett, and a yoath of finer intelligence and choicer clay ; but he found in John au ideal follower by flood and field. There came a day, one week before the Christmas festival, when, for particular leasons, Tim desired a heavy bag. John J,was therefore begged off his farm duties, and the young men, rising by starlight, trod the high land aud pressed forward towards Aggett'e familiar haunts before dawn. Young Chav?, a lad of good repute and hand somfl exterior, had learned his lessons at Blundell's School, was accounted a very clever youth, and held in much esteem as a traveler and a scholar amidst the natives of Throwleigh. His mother spoiled him and fooled him to the top of his bent ; his father had been proud of him until the lad's recent determination to soar no higher than the life of a country man. This present excursion bore reference to a special event, as has been said. They were coming from North Devon to Cridland Barton for *iie holiday season sundry poor cousins of the ChaveB. On Chrismas Eve they would arrive, and, as a certain pretty damsel of 17 was to accompany her tlders, Timothy's generous heart determined that moor land delicacies must await her if his right arm, long fowling-piece, and liver-coloured spaniel could secure them With this excuge he. had won John Aggett away from the cow-byres, and together, as day broke, they passed over Scorhill above Northern TeigD, then pushed forward into the dim valley of the Wallabrook beneath, and so with cautious passage across half-frozen swamps sought the winter haunts of their grame. To the progress of that day no part of this narrative can be devoted ; suffice it that we meet the men again coming homeward under an earlv, universal twilight and a co'd northern wind. In certain marshes, rumoured to send forth warm springs even at dead of frosty nights John Aggett had found good sport, and now from the servant's waist-girdle a big bag bulged with two brace of teal, three snipe, two woodcock, and a hare. Through the grey promise of coming snow they pushed forward where the wind wailed a sad harmony in the dead heath, and all the ground was very hard save upon the black bogs that froze not. John was clad as the Kurds and mountain Syrians to this day ; he wore a sheep's pelt with the hair towards his body, and skin turned out. Arms of like material fitted into this snug vest, and his breeches were similarly fashioned. Timothy, as he faced the north wind booming over a heather ridge, envied Aggett, for his own garments, albeit stout enough, lacked the warmth of the natural skin. 'Colder and colder,' he said, ' and the last drop of sloe gin drunk and five good mil s before us yet.' ' 'Tis so ; but theer's Gammer Gurney's cot downlong in a low place under the bill. If you iniud to turn out of the way a bit, 'tis certain she'll have gude, heartening spirit liquors hid away, though how she comes by tho fiery stuff an' the tobacco her sells in secret, an' the frillde dills o' precious silks an' furrin lace- works, ban't my business to knaw/' ' Good ! We'll pay Gammer a virit. My father gets many a gill of branly from the old rascal.' ' Iu league wi' the dowl I doubt.' ' More likely with the smugglers. Plenty of cargoes are run down Teignmouth way, and when they've dodged the gaugers and made a good haul, the farther they take their wares inland the better. She pays them well, be sure.' ' She do awften talk 'bout a sailor son, come to think on't.' ' Aye, and many and many a sailor son, I warrant you ! My father hath Baid her cognac is drink for the gods ; yet if they are pleased to made him a J ustice of the Peace, then he will adopt different measures with Mother Gurney, for a man's conscience must be set above his stomach.' ' Her be a baggarin' auld sarpent for sariain, an' goeth through the air on a birch broom or aw ver tbe sea in an eggshell, an' many suchlike devilries. In times past I judge the lines o' sbe would burn for such dark wickednesses ; though her did me a gude turn once, I'll allow.' While speaking they had crested the ragged mane ot Scorhill, passed aDamncnian monument — that circular hypaethral chamber which knits human interest into the expanse— and then proceeding passed to the north. Following a wall where the hill sloped, they found themselves confronted with the bird's- eye view of a lonely, thatched cottage. Behind it the land rose with abruptness ; before the entrance extended a square patch of garden. No sign of life marked the spot ; but as the men climbed down a pathway through withered fern they roused a bob-tailed, blue-eyed sheep-dog, which leapt, gaunt and ape liKe, to the limit of its tether, and barked wildly at the intrulers. A naked austerity and trans parent innocence and poverty marked the spot to casual eyes. ' Down these winding ways, or else out of the woods below, come Mother Gurney's ' sailor sons,' with their packs and barrels hid under innocent peat and rushes, no doubt,' commented Timothy. Then John Aggett knocked at the door with a modest tap, and young Chave noted that he upat over his left shoulder before doing bo. ' 'Tis plaguey hard to be upsides wi' a witch, I do assure 'e : but she'm a wonnerful clever woman, as all in these paarts do very well knaw,' confessed John. (To be continued.) 