ITEMS OF INTEREST. London annually consumes about seven an'd a 'half million tons of coal.. It is strange ho v.- often some people prove themselves fools and yet have no knowledge of it. . 'Since the commencement of the war in South Africa no 'fewer than 27 inventors have taken steps, towards patenting a 'bul let-proof shield. The average distance travelled by'British engine-drivers is from 30,000 to 50,000 miles every year. There, are about 20,000 drivers in the'United Kingdom. . ' ' One of the books of etiquette published during the fourteenth century advised :the man of fashion to wast his hands every day and his face "almost as often." The" two sides of the human 'face are never'alike. In two cases out of five the eyes are out- of line, one eye stronger than, the other, or the right ear higher than the left. ' .One, hun<Lred years .ago .it.'-was., considered a -wonderful achievement, for 10 men to manufacture 48,000 pins in- a day. Now, three men make 7,500,000 pins in the same time. In certain parts of Africa it is considere'd a mark of disrespect to -bury out.of doors at. all. Only slaves are treated in such un ceremonious.; fashion. The honored dead are buried under the floor of the house: No fewer than 12,000,000 acres of land ?have been made fruitful in the. Sahara desert, an enterprise representing perhaps the most remarkable example of irrigation by means of artesian wells which can any where be found. ' ' ^ . ' . V According to the 'last return .' there is £262,772 standing to the credit of folue jackets in .ships' (books or. at-, the dock yards. The number of depositors is 23,000'. Each man, on the average, .'has, therefore, over £10 to his credit. . . .. 'Cats ate generally venerated in Persia. The feline friends of the Shah number 50, each having its own attendant and- a special room for meals. When the Shah goes on a journey the cats go too, being carried by men on horseback. An observing dentist says t'ha!fc long,, nar row teeth denote, vanity; those that axa long and projecting iirditiate a. grasping disposition; treachery is.shown by the pos session. of small, white, separated teeth, and inconstancy is revealed by ''overlapping teeth. ? . - Large Coppers, jthe extinct butterfly of the Pens, which disappeared entirely when Whittlesea. Mere was drained in. the early fifties, still fetch a good price. At Stevens's rooms 14 specimens: made £72 7/6, males costing £4, £6, 'and £8; and females ;'£5 and £6 5/ each. Every year a number of boys are sent from Siam by the King.to England to learn different things. One learna upholstery, one learns type-writing, one learns lan guages, one learns science, and. . so on. When they return to Siam each takes with mm some different information to impart toothers. ' ... At Marlborough House there is more ceremony, socially speaking, than , at Sand ringham. A number of servants herald' your arrival or departure, and there are usually two servants standing outside, the room door of those staying in the-.house, and a man behind the chair of every :guesc at meal-time. .; p The oldest dress in the world is prob ably that described by a traveler in Japan., It'is said to 'have belonged to an'Empress of Japan w*ho lived in' the thirteenth cen tury, and it 'has been kept: all these, hun dreds of years in a temple near Yokohama, where the priest sometimes exhibit it for a sufficient reward. . . ' . The tones of the human voice are closely imitated by the' world-renowned organ, in the Church of St. Nicholas, iii 'Freyburg, Switzerland. No other. organ-'builder has been able to hit upon the secret which enabled Aioise Mooser, who set up this jre^' inarkable instrument, to produce such a wonderful imitation of the human yoice. It is a rule in Germany that every Prince of Hohenzollern must learn a trade. There fore, the German ..Crown. Prince and'his brothers, when at Kid, were initiated into the mysteries of shipbuilding, and- spent a long time learning the different kinds of .wonk. The late Emperor Frederick was a bookbinder. Each Prince <iitooses " the handiwork that he-likes best aid-learns the craft thoroughly. - No one who has^riofc. experienced' a Kim beriey dust-storm- can coinieive- its '-unplea santness. .. Kimberiey dust^s-brigta-red in color; and its 'partides-,are supplied with corners of needle-like sharpness. So-sesefe do these" storms %ecome^a±,.-times,; it is .impossible to .face them. Theistreets or Kinfberley are uppaved; and towering clouds of dust -whiri'^abouttbe - thaEougri fares, making-: them any±hing^:%at^-agree able. " ' ? ? ? '' . ' ' V Tbe "Duke of Parma -Iks i£ larger -family than any Prjnce'm- Europe. '.By hrafirifc -wife, a Princess of BoiffSan, Sicily, he had nine -children, all '?'of / .whom survive except; the - eldest, - . the late Princess of ' Bulgaria. By his second wife, who -Was a JPrincess of Braganza, and. a sister of the Hereditary Grand Duchess of Lunenburg, - he .has nine more children. His yioungegfc;daughter is only just a year old. According to Lord 'Roberts, (reports on discipline show a. remarkable.contrast be tween convictions of abstainers and non- ? abstainers. Among abstainers "thfe-convic tions- were 4.12 in the -1,000, while among non-abstainers they were 36.3S-in; the 1,000,. or about nine times Lng men are nearly nine, times as. apt to break the law as non-drinkers. "It.is not," Lord Boberts added, "al friendly thing to give drink to soldiers." Cremation is becontirtg increasingly popu lar in Paris, and the crematorium erected at the cemsfery of Pere Ladhaise has al ready been: found to 3^e too smalL" < AvV ddtici>ns are being made^' and; a;third -fur^: nace, a large hall, and a^columiaritan roll;; soon 'be ready foruse. The latter some what resembles the Canrpd Sanio of Genoa . and will contain 10,000 receptacles for. ashes. These niches are- c-losed1 with -slabs of marble, on- .which inscriptions .may- be cut. ....?'-? The tea used: in the immediate household: of the EmperoT of China. is treated.with ilhe utmost care. It is raised, in-a-garden sur rounded by a wall, so that neL&her; man, nor beast can get- anyiwhere near the plants. At the ;tame oi the harvest those collecting these leaves -must abstain' from eating fish, that their -breath may not' spoil; the aroma of the tea; they musts bathe ' three times a day, and, dn -adidaifaon-, muse wear, gloves while pd<;king: tihe 'tea-for-.-the Chinese Court. If a load of coal is left out of doors, ex posed to-, 'the weather-say, a month-it loses one-third of its heating- quality. U a ton of-coal is placed on the ground and' left- there and another ton- is pteced underv a shed, .the latter loses, abotrt. 25 per .cent, of. its heating power, .the - former, abomt 47' per 'cent'.' Hence it-is a-great saying of coal -to have it in a dry place, covered over,. and on all sides. The softer the coal;the ?more heating- power it loses, because the volatile and valuable constituents .undergo; a slow combustion. . Some of itihe western railways" in the United States Have'in .use a'-tv^ed- baniing apparatus, one of which worked over 900 miles of road last year at a cost of less-than 10/ per mile. - The' apparatus comprises, -a lamp 'using oil vapour. This vapour -is kept close to the tracks % a ShMd .oyer it . The intense 3ieat burns the "weeds between, the rails. Once "at work the shield is lowered "within i in. of the rail, and -when not ip use it is raised to liTon. above, the, rail. The operation, is somewhat slow; . only abiout IJ miles an 'hour being covered.' Urita "recent years dictionaries "were com piled somewhat carelessly, words being merely copied from.one to:another; thus there is a list of "actual bogus words that have dictionary authority. An instance of this is «e ward _"ph^toumatiqns," given as meaning the gibberings of ghosts, with Pope as an authority. It is simply a case of misprint, Pope "having, spoken of "the phantom nations of thie dead," and' ?the compositor (having "run tie two words together," as printers say. Old issues o£ Webster and other, dictionaries contained this word. The largest Itoy inl/the world is in New Yiark, wherre playthings in tin are manufactured literally bjy.itfoe .million. 3±-. stands five storeys high and' turns out 1,607 distinct varieties of tin toys. - No. 1 is a tin 'horse; 1^607, a tin menagerie. The output of circular -ten whistles ,is. 2,000,000 per annum. To make a tin horse 12 in. long dies !have to be cast costing . £15. The children of different countries have dif ferent tastes, but tin swords .are. wanted all . over the world, the militaiy iistimcfc; being as universal in the nurseries. ' as :' in' the' courts and cabinets of the world. Ghari table persons send:. £6,000,000 every year to 'the secretaries of charities and mis sions in Iioadort. Of 'this slim, Rev. Charles Herbert says, '.£1,280,000 goes. foreign anissians, and; .£405,000 to :!hbme mis sions. The sum of £930,000 goes -to or phanages and dhfldren's 'homes; hospitals receive £869,000 ; to aid ministers, support their widows, "aid educate their children, £449,000 is spent;. £220,000 goes to the aged jpoor; £184,506 ia: epenit ii£ the interests of sailors amd' their famafee3; £119,000 goes in attempting to .re&eve; "andi1 convert Jews; £111,000 is iroested in .training candidates for the -ministry;' £110,000 is spent in issu ing religious literature;. £-106,000 -is devoted^ >to, relieving general distressaiid' ,£108j000^ goe££or$i§ 'Hetioat eerviaeu ^ 