THE DAY OF REST. o t a RELIGIOUS LIFE IN SOUTH AFRICA. e b d f [By R. B. DOUGLAS, !LA_, oE Johannesburg.] d t Preached in Sherbrooke Church, Glasgow, on Sunday Evening, Januajy 2S. I have been asked to-night to speak on t Beligious Life in South Africa," as I have h earned to see and understand it in my live bc ears' residence, as a minister in Johannesbatrg, and 1 wish to take as the text for my a emarks the 17th verse of the 14th chapter s f the Epistle to the Romans—"For the i ingdom of God is not mieat and drink; but a righteousness and peace, and joy in the oly Ghost." g t The keynote of Christian preaching and lth teaching in the pnesrarD day is that Christianity means the kingdom of God upon arth—means, that is to say, the actual rule f the Spirit of God in every department t of human life. We do not believe now thit o man is a Christian in the full sense of the word unless he shows the spirit of Jesus ruling his life and influencing his thoughts; l and so we shall not call a nation a Christian nation unless we see that the precepts a f the Gospel are to some extent being realized there; that the spirit of the Gospel is of j aiioed at, e± lea'st as the ideal of a nation's politics, and to some extent dominates a nation's life. A Christian nation, then, will e one, not which has a State Church, nor professes a Christian creed; it will be one m which irighteousnese, and peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost are rendered possible for all classas of the community, and in which we shall find these things being aimed at more and more by the rulers and those in authority, and find these things being regarded as the best things by the influential people, *md in time by the whole body of the people. And, viewed by this standard, I must confess and admit that the Republic of the Transvaal has little claim to bfe called a Christian nation, because the kingdom cf G<)d is not being realized there, Bar is likely to be realized there under the existing regime. The chances are all against righteousness flourishing in that land under its present Government. I believe that it will be •abundantly manifest to all those who take the trouble to enquire into the actual state of the case, 'that the victory of Great Britain will be a victory for the kingdom oi God. Not thai it will necessarilv introduce ail that is right—far from it—i>ut it will give ill that is right a chance to be introduced as it has not yet had thafc chance, or opportunity. We must not go on the assumption mat we are fighting merely a race cf peasants, a nation whose religion is that r f our own nation, anid who have carried t hat "religion to higher, or, at least', kept it apa t simpler and less depraved levels. One's xperience in South M-rim. qualifies one for eing an expert on religious pathology—the h egeneration of religion; 'how religion can s all away and fall away until it lowers and b egrades itself. It is that story that I have a o tell to-night. i And first, I tell it of our enemy, not in he spirit of the Pharisee, as if we should ug ourselves that we are better than they, ( ut that we may understand, so that our onscience may be ait rest <a& to the war; g nd, more important still, that, our concience should not be at rest after the war a a s over until we have escaped those perils m nd set the crooked ithihgs straight. There is, then, a twofold aspect of reliious degeneracy amongst 'large classes of f he people who are at present unfortunatey our enemies. There is a large class of hose persons in the neighbourhood of Joannesburg and of other -towns on the gold fields, who have been idle, the thriftless, he purposeless, and fibe indolent members f the community, and it is marvellous bow these persons have in the course of centuries of illiteracy, ignorance, and stupidity, h earnt all manner of corrupt devices. They re 'sullen, suspicious, ,and cunning; and what the people of this country mean by J ndustry and cleanliness, and the habits f an active life, aire unknown to them. We t ind large portions of this community sodden with drink, degraded in their minds, proud and overweening in their conceit. And then we have the persons with whom our quarrel is, the "official and ruling classes in the Transvaal, from those hi^iest in authority to those lowest, and there we have an eiample of the degrading power oi money when it is sought after Tw greedy and unscrupulous men. MaBy of mese men when they attained position were honest men; few of them could boiast of their honesty now. Man after man, rank after rank, has been trapped by the power of bribery and corruption, and I do not believe there is anywhere outside of Turkey a mme absolutely corrupt state of government. It was said by one who knows well, a minister who has close expentence of the official classes in Pretoria, that, if-there was no war, every minister of Christ in the Transvaal would have infinite cause to regret it; and he said so because he believed the continuance in office of this Government and set of officials womJd be the degradation of the moral sense of the whole community. And that is the opinion of those who know best. We~bave to put all irrelevant questions aside. We havie to see that the central issue, so fair as we are concerned, is the best interests of humanfey, the chance of righteousness being realized; and that this oorrupt Legislature and e3t of officials must be put out, never to return. That is why as Christian men we can say this war is ot an unmitigated evil. It is at least a anitary movement to clear out one of the nsanitary comers of tlhe earth. Thene is a great danger which has overaken the real religion of very large sections f our enemy—and that is, that they have orsaken or left out cf sight the great docrines of redemption in favour of a doctrine f providence. Now, that means simply his—'that in the course of three centimes hey have come to look upon God as the iver of outward good alone, as the God ho sends the sun and rain, and can be epended on for sesd time and harvest. othing is easier 'than for men to afisuime hat they are privileged peasons; to leave to ast experience all the greatest things bove God—the righteousness, purity, and oliness of God; and to believe, because one as passed through an experience long ago, t hat now one is safe, and to look to God as b nly the Giver of outward good- That, I pdg elieve, is the thought of large sections of ur well-meaning foe; thait the}' look upon od a? the Giver of material benefits alone c the God of providence, the God of nature n and have to a large extent lost sight oi w im as the God who is a consuming fire gainst His people'^ sins. .. It is a striking act that much of the preaching of the utch Chirrch which I have heard or seen eported, and every speech of President ruger's which I have ever <nead, has laid tress upon this one point- that God was heir God against their enemy, a Gdd who ould strengthen them in battle and overome their foe—and allways invariably the nemy was the outer enemy. It was preat ritain or any other supposed foe. They b ever saw, or at least never emphasized, he central fact, that God is chiefly the f nemy of a man's own sin and selfish naure. "When this is forgotten, then •men be- w ome easy-going, pious m a sense, believing a n a God who can turn the wind if He nI k-abes, and withhold the rain if He thinks it, but not a God who never will give his eople peacc until He has established rightousness in the earth. And there is d much eal religion amongst -tlhat people open to hat objection. Through lack of watchfuless avid prayer, through lack of understanding of the will of God, they, have rifted into this piety which is leadinj hem astray, because it leads them to be- I - t t t a o a hem astray, because itjeaas taern w^De- e heve that God wall -be wid) tl^ Iwwever hey hve, and give^Jem^e £ctory hw-.B ver their lives may be in contradiction t o ins law urfiow, b annot explain here, that this war ism g essity which no diplomacy could have been w ble to avert, I believe It may be and dial! w ertainlv be overruled by Cod for highest n-is. nds. Not inoltnajt thaa inns this oaaw nation is ij^mwvuo righteous and | g ully realizes the kingdom of .God, but that jc e have at least the Conscience in us to aim s fter it, and the ideals that animate this j" l ation are one degree nearer tiboae of the ingdom of God. e And then, as a minister in Johannesburg, t is to be expected that 1 have come more n contact with "the faults of our own peole than with tliose of our enemies; and the time would fail me to give you an impoesmn of life ar.d work in Johannesburg as I should like to do. You hear much of the UitWd«\ and he is a mixed character ineed. While we thttpe-tfaere-ocr C8»i>ebesas ou fcs ve at home, there is one ite* mate the problem tlu-e very interesting and imressive, -andthsk^Mihe THMwhwaalroftqlfae y ^^forSnl^Xe^thil voured land". This is attended with tiie pst disastrous results in many persons' ves. The general tone of the Churches is wer ttan it is at home; the religious life eats with a less regular and healthy pulse, nd its fervour is distinctly chilled. Thene' that to be said. Brnt I will oonfine myself two points which I think of importance. The first is, thiai^frcrm <the nafture of our overnment our community has nener had chance. It as thrown in our teeth that we rid a people given to amusement, and sport, nd money-making; but it must be rememered that we never have had a chance ro ake part in public life. There has never een the opportunity tojcall men to do anyhing for tneir fellow-men in the way of ublic service. I believe, with these opporunities, our people will rise to them. Y-on ee to-day on. [the battlefields of South Afria from eight to ten thousand of our Johanesburg yfaung men who axe hazarding their ives, end mot counting them dear to them, nd bearing hardships that you hteve little dea of, as they prosecute that campaign. nd that is enough to show tbat we have ot a (people hopefsssly given over Ito'selfish. - ndulgence, but a people to whom a strong ppeal can be made, when there is a hope na chance of making a purer and morenlightened State. I beflieve you will find that tthe .opportunities of public service will waken in that people a desire for better hings and a true, effort to serve humanity,. hich will lead them in God's good time and" r.y to the service of Christ.. One thing that is laid upon me to speak o home congregations is this—be sare tfaac efore you cross the seas your goodness is our own, and not your father's or grandathers. lie sure •iichat you take over the ea with you is not merely some memory nd habit of churchgoing, of the religion of esus, and of the ways of godliness. Be sure hese have been made your own in your wn will and choice, «ind have entered into our own heart. People at home, I notice, are inclined to sk themselves this: Whether religion is ecessary, and whether a- mail, may not live good life without the aid of religion? I ave ceascd to ask that question now. You ay live in much respectability and.with uch credit :TShgh""vou aire 'sheltered by the oodness of your home and all your suroundings ; hut that does not . prove anyhing as to the goodness of yom; own heart nd will, "until you are (tried Slid put in a osition where the tradition does not exist, nd the atmosphere iu changed, and you ave to ohoosfe good and" evil for'youreil. 1 often tell peopHe, and would likefto e able to tell ^iore—do not send your sons broad until they be Christians in deed and n truth. Do not take yourself out of tiie reach of family religion and Church religion until these things have spoken their message to your heart, and have filled your own heart with 'something of strength and race and power. I read the old test-with new meaning now, "How sh?Il! "we escape f we neglect so gjeat ^aivatkHr?" • Not erely h6w ahaU we face God's judgmentseat unless we take there with. Us our own aith in Jesus Christ, our own choice of goodness, for our own portion, ourjpwn pni k pose, and our own desire for Gofi? How shall we escape if we. pass "through life to judgment and these things ame not dute? That is : all very true and all very serious, but there is something infinitely more near to present life. How shaM we go through life at ill, how shall we cross the ocean, ow shall we live in differing circumatances and escape grave disaster, unless we take into our hearts die salvation of God, and take into ouar lives the dove and poqper of esus Christ? We must fail. Many a hundred has Men in Johannesburg because hey took there only the memory of their father's or mother's goodness, 'amd not the religion of their own heaifs choice, their own heart's portion. How shall, we escape unless we take the name and power and spirit of .Tesws with us throughout all life, throughout all death? ' 