injNiciPAL Bsroaa. The man who would serioasly declare that this Municipalities Act could not be amended ia the interests of the people ironld be written down at once as a fool. The absolute necessity for drastic reformation in this respect has been clamored for by the people tTi tbej are hoarse. Parliament, however, can never get time to deal with the | matter in the way that seems ad-! Tisable. A. mayor oi one of the J ? Sydney suburbs rose up the other j ! night and truthfully said: "If j ; Parliament would stop its everlasting i \ talk about s. comprehensive local j I government bill, and give us a raw simple amendment* to the present Act, svery municipal j body in the colony ttoulu haro rsss-on jto bs thankful." There is no necer,- I sity to say that theso remarks vrsll be I generally accepted as ycspel by the ! people of Xevr South "Wales. They ! are too true, ia fact , . If Parliament I would work, mors ar.d talk less, i respecting every political question, ? tho colony at large would bs gratified. | 1 Piirliameniary loquacity is a great ? ; curse, and is as destruttive to the i v/or<: of legislation as the bubonic ; plague is to any congested centre ; v.-acre it plants its de.ith-de3liug fangs. The representative who :3 I possessed of a talkative mania is an J evil electors should try to steer clear jof when they get the ballot papera in I their hands. But, of course, once I elected, the member thinks that his i mission is to get up and pelt h:s '? oratory at the country without stint. I:i such a case a gentle—or forceful— reminder should be giTen by con stituents that no man has a .right to squander tho time of the House by his senseless Taporinge upon the thousand and one matters that a mized body of men think necessary to drag u;> for debate. This municipal ouesiiou is a:; cscelieiit exair.ple of this political proiligasy. There are reforms crying out for attention, but not a ghost or an opportunity ia ever ' given to deal with them. For years sast tsio peoplo have been promised a workable scheme of JLousti G-overn inent, and until r/a .jet that the promises ?.rill never receive their just sliars of public espanditare. There is not a district in the colony which cannot easily put its finger upon some long-standing grievance, which entail delays and inconveniences of an aggravating character. Tho presa cry out about them, letters are written to the Department concerning them, and deputations at length go, cap m baud, to the Minister, but even after these performances the evils remain unmoved. Tho administration which will give the peoplo this de sideratum will mark its name indelibly on the pages of our history, but; before it succeeds, some muzzling will be necessary with respect to the talka tive humbugs of the House. 