ENGLISH THEATRICAL NOTES. (From our Special Correspondent.) London, March 23, 1900. Lent and the war combined are making a rapid end of the the ante-Easter theatri- <*> cal season, and one hears of numerous fresh pieces in preparation. The most im- portar.t will, oi" course, be the English translation of '"Cyrano de Bergerac," at Wyndham's Theatre, v.-ith the lessee as the long-nosed hero immortalised by Ca quclin. The drama is now being tried in the provinces, and apparently with indiffe rent success. In the first place the piece is much too long, and the halting English verse compares badly with Rostand's flow ing periods; secondly, Wyndbam fails _c give any just idea of the chivalrous Cy rano; and, thirdly, the heroine doesn't suit Miss Moore. Still, one hears, the actor manager is bent on tempting fortune in town. Wbilst "His Natural LBe" is in rehear sal Charley Warner has revived the ever green "Never too Late to Mend" at the l'ri__-_s's, allowing 'himself to be adver tised as "the original Tom Ro"l>ii_scm." This of course has excited controversy. Warner 'has ihradr practical possession of the part for 25 years or so, but the "ori ginal Tom Robinson" was George Vining. Few playgoers of ihe period are likely to forget t'liis. Whosoever would inform him self as to the original Tom Robinson should turn to Clement Scott's leminiK es_nces, where he will find a full and particular account of the un cdifying row wbich took place on t3ie "first night of "It's Never To Late to Mend" at the very theatre where it is now revived. Mr. Tomlm, an irascible old gentleman, who wrote for the "Morning Advertiser"—fiery Fred TomJin, as Mr. Scott calls Wm in his pleasant alliterative way—was so ridiculous as to rise in his stall and protest against the play. Vining, the actor-aiiamager, playing Tom Robin son, was so ill- mannered as to taunt Tom lm with occupying a free seat, and then al. the critics reise and demanded that the manager should apologise, which he did. So much for the "original" Tom Robin son. Only one of tbe actresse. dressing for the matinee at the Comedie Francaise suffered from the fire. This was little Mdlle. Hen riot, who seems to have got confused in ihe long narrow passages whilst- trying to escape, and lost her memory or her nerve, or both. At first the dead body discovered could not be identified. If was M. Albert Lambert, the tragedian, who suggested that it might be that oi Mdlle. Henriot. He said:—*"T heard her, and three times I tried to reach her. The alarm had just been given. The smoke was coming into our dressing-rooms, and the flames from the auditorium could be seen at the end of the passage leading to it. I went up to the floor above where the litt.eHem.ot girl was dnessdng. Her dressing- room was empty. I thought she had_fled, and I came down again. But then I heard her crying 'Help! help!' and I tried to go np again, but the flames and smoke barred the way. Three times I tried in vain. 4h! If it is she who bras been found up there, I shaM nerver. never, forgive myself." And the poor fellow broke into sobs. Tbe "Matin"" says the losses caused by the fir at this historic theatre are not- so serious as were at first supposed. The bterary mu seum and principal artistic relics of the theatre are almost intact. The archives have been saved and are boused in the Louvre. The collection includes the Royal Letters Patent establishing the theatre, signed by Louis XIV., and countersigned by Colbert; tbe famous decree of Moscow; the autograph of Moliere: and the M.S. of "Hermani," in the handwriting of Vic tor Hugo. . Apropos of fireproof theatres it may be mentioned that when the jusfc_.unu_d Grand at Islington was last rebuilt no ex pense was spared in proemring fire- proof materials for both stage and auditorium. Nevertheless, the other day, at the con siderate hour of 10 in the morning, it j blazed simply furiously. The singular likeness I told yon of years ago between the Polish novel "Quo Vadis" and' Barrett's 'The Sign of the Cross" has been disproved to the satisfaction of the author of the former. Barrett is n*w about to settle the question finally by dramatising "Quo Vadis" and appear ing as Nero therein. He will take "Renan's view of tbe e&aiacter;, which, as you know, is not a wholly contemptuous one, and the madman burmng Rome wiH be the great scene of the gjsy. The Haymiriiet management, who are working up a grand repertoire of old come dies, mean to follow She Stoops to Con quer" with the "Rivals." T_his is an admir able move, Winifred Emery's Lydia Lan guish being the best oh ihe stage, not even excepting that of '^the matron of the drama," who cannot quite get down to the weight nowadays. According to "Tay Pay,", the most inte resting debutante of 1900 will be Miss Jeanne Langtry, daughter of Mrs. Langtry —"Mrs. De Bathe" stall seems so un familiar. Miss Langtry is an extremely handsome girl, and fire. Cornwallis West is to be her social godmother. Miss Lang try is not perhaps co beautiful in an or thodox fadiion as her celebrated mother, j but die has, in addition to pretty featares, a quite noticeable air of high breeding and ? refinement. She is also very highly edu cated, and has been kept in strict seclusion during her <*hilhood and early girlhood— a fair and carefully guarded flower. The young lady is said to possess a handsome dot. Clement Scofct and Ellen Terry bave both found the severities of the American win ter too nme_h for them, and been very ill The truth is English folk over 40 run a great risk in spending January and Febru ary in the States. So do elderly Austra lians facing an -fraHish winter sueib as this has been. To toll the honest ruth, no colo nial visitor "globe- trotting" should reach England before the 30th April, nor remain beyond October 1. This applies specially to those afflicted with weak throats or chests. Various opinions are expresed by the Paris critics of M. Rostand's new play, in which MdJne. Bernhardt appears as a dash ing youth (in a fetching white Austrian uniform), but the majority seem favor able. The story deals with the eon of the great Napoleon, known to posterity both as tbe King of Rome and as the Duke of Reichstadt. Victor Hugo's great poem teals us that "L'Angleterre prit l'aigle et I'Aulriche I'aigJon (England took the eagle, Austria took the eaglet—the eagle being Napoleon, and the eaglet his son). The story of the young prince is, of course, bistoricaily known. .After the capture ot Napoleon, his wife, Marie Louise, of Aus tria, returned witb her child to bear father's Court, and afterwards married the Count de Niepperg, but was soon left a widow for the second time. Rostand's play shows us the young D_ke of Reichstadt in. the midst of his grandfathers' court under tbe direc tion of Metternich, whose efforts tend to make of the young Napoleon a brilliant and dashing Austrian otficer. But the blood of the great man lives in him, and he dreams of succeeding to his father's grandeur. The genius of the author is apparent in tbe fact that he so admirably portrays ihe conflicting elements within the boy, in whose veins the blood of the Corsican adventurer is mixed wiA that of Austrian princes. Tbe Reichstadt of Rostand as delineated by the incomparable 6arah is alternately fired by the will of the Csesar, and overcome by the lassitude and irresolution of the effete Austrian ele ment. The finest scene in the play — a scene -which wiU remain ever in French literature as great dramatic poetry — is ihe scene where Me-ternich, wishing to convince the boy that his character is not that of Napoleon, but that of his mother, Marie-Louise, takes 'him before a mirror. "Look at yourself," he says, "look at that drooping mouth, denoting lack of will and much self-indulgence. Are those the firm, compressed lips of the man of resolute action? Look at those eyes ond thai brow. Are they the eyes ond brow of a con queror?" And the young prince, looking witb sad, eager glance upon hi 6 own image, strikes the mirror in his impotent rage against the ghosts, which, it has sym boKeoily evoked, and dashing it into frag ments, falls, overcome with horror and de spair, senseless to the ground. But the soul of his father has re-arieen in him once more, when at a ball given by Metternich, a few days later, he finds his mother, the former wife of the great Emperor, and the widow of poor Niepperg, coquetting with some courtier, bke any <_3_y, simper ing schoo _,rl. Overcome with anger and outraged pride, the young Napoleon es capes, and goes to join a party of con spirators, who will aid him to obtain his father's throne and to reign in his stead, as the second Napoleon, Smpcror of the French. Bnt on the very battlefield of Wagram—the scene of his father's former glory—the young prince is met by the Austrian Regiment, of which he is colonel, and is taken back to the court of the Haps burgs, where in the Last act be dies sur rounded by the ladies of the court of Aus tria. Yet even just before the hour of death tbe magnificent spirit of the father arises once more to vivify the soul of the son. And the young eaglet wishes to alie surrounded by* the reminiscence of the glory* into which he was bora, and be&B; | that the account of his royal be£ruS=_ '*** I all its pomp and splendor should be read to him as be dies. "Son of Napoleon. . ... Emperor of the French King of Rome." T_hese are nhe last -words which _trike his failing brain. Yet, with all (the irony of his sad fa&e;, a-- soon us the son of Napoleon lies dead, Metternich orders that the son of the laic Emperor of the French should be buried in the white uniform of an Austrian colonel. 