TIB AMMAL WflffiD. STOmiES OF BOGS AND HORSES. HEN the Bavarian Army ^ went out in 1870, at the W bidding of the King of Prussia, the Prince Re gent left Munich' at the head of his troops (says a correspondent of the JDaily News'). Two sporting dogs, to whom he was attached, and who loved him devotedly, 'remained in the Palace.1 When, some months la ter, the Regent returned to his capital, the two dogs were in the Royal suite - of rooms, not far from the entrance ordinarily in use by the Prince. But, as his return from the war was an occasion : of great ceremony and rejoicing, he made his en try by the State portals, and therefore approached the palace from the side the furthest removed from his own apartments — furthest, too, from his faithful canine friends. He was still a mile from the grand entrance when his dogs suddenly bfoke into joyful deafening cries. No one could doubt the nature of their emotion. They had suddenly gone wild with delight. A lady whose ears rang with their glad clamor that day said that the court still marvels at the instinct that told the dog's of the Prince's far-off approach, and kept them in a tumult of delighted longing until they had greeted their master face to face. Peo ple tried to explain the conduct of these dogs as an. affair of 'scent.' But 'scent' from a mile away! And from where there was a throng numbering thousands of persons! An additional difficulty presents itself; the dogs were indoors; also, they were at the back' of the intervening palace! But 'scent' has repeatedly been found, an excellent way of staving off troublesome questions. It is one of those mysterious some things so often made to do duty for a reasonable answer. In fact, 'scent' is, in the canine world, what 'electricity' was a few years ago in the rest of creation — a vague term taken (or admis istered) as a fit and proper stopper for all sorts of questions, a moral soporific, a sleeping draught for wakine- brains! - The discriminating keenness of their faculty of scent is universally held to be the chief physical superiority of dogs over men. An observant wri ter remarked, however, that, if we accept the evi dence of French novelists, the men of their nation are also greatly influenced by the sense of smell — are (literally) much 'led by the nose!' A course of yellow paper-covered volumes amply ' confirms this view (which may best be taken at second hand). Of another Bavarian sporting dog I heard, the other day, that being very ill and old, he became a most undesirable inmate of his master's house; and a farmer, living at three minutes* distance from the castle, was asked to give the poor beast hospitality. This he did, and pared tenderly for the paralytic; but the faithful dog, as long as he could drag himself to his master's feet, would come home always at least once a day. It grew to be ever a greater and greater effort. The three minutes' distance for a man became soon a hard ten minutes' siruggle for the four-footed friend, whose hind legs had little or no power in them. But still he came about mid-day, when all his 'family' were met together. They gave him a meal; and then someone would daily carry him back to his corner by the stove in the farmhouse. He had seen his people, and felt he could then rest peaceful!, doze, and 'hunt in dreams.' 3t was not the dinner that he tame for. Food of the same sort was within his reach, by his bed. Moreover, in his failing condition, he lost the hearty appetite belonging to the generality of dogs. It was human society that he hankered af ter—his master's society specially, but the whole family gathered together pleased him best. 'Fannie's' conduct once puzzled me a good deal. She was, in body, a scrap of an Irish terrier; but her 'soul was very great.' Her pluck was bound less. As a rule her line of action could be fore told: it would be -the most heroic of which cir cumstances admitted, the cheeriest and the most frank. Once, however, she behaved- mysteriously. Here is the case. Her mistress was in a summer-house at the top of a three-acre wood. Fannie, as was her wont, was, well — here, there, and everywhere! Suddenly she appeared in the summer- house, bringing what seemed to be a tiny pup, which she presented to the lady. 'Fannie, 'where on earth did you find this?' asked her mis tress. The little dog could be very selfimpor tant, like most small dogs and diminutive men; but, unlike many 'mites,' Fannie was always ex ceedingly affable. She now led the way, all smiles and fussiness, to the outskirts of the wood; and, as they went along, she occasionally glanced over her shoulder, and cheered on her friend by all her usual devices. Fanny then disappeared into a hole, emerging with another tiny thing, which she 'loved' and licked, and placed beside its fellow in her owner's hand. Whining with excitement, and with eyes beaming, Fannie (whose mistress carried the small animals) set out for the stables, where a 'knowledgeable' coachman pronounced the new-found treasures terrier pups, until he saw that each had a white tip to its small brush. They were fox-cubs, with still unopened eyes! In a fox-hunting centre the first care was na turally to replace them where Fannie had found them, but they were never seen again. Doubt less their mother, coming home, would scent their adventures on their coats, and would 'move house,' choosing other and quieter quarters. Now, the puzzling point is, what induced Fannie to carry the first cub to her mistress, and to make her a present of the other cub at the mouth of the hole? There is 'an instinctive love of the help less which (primitive man) possesses in common with,' those Mr. Herbert Spencer calls 'the in ferior animals,' The philosopher considers the sentiment a 'fellow feeling' between the weak savage and the helpless young. But Fannie never felt weak in her life. She and a Bedling ton terrier once tackled, and killed (tell it not in Gath!) a big dog fox, who had intruded into their particular shrubbery. Cattle had no terrors for her, nor giants of her own species, nor 'tramps' with cudgels, nor the fiercest cats who picked up a living in sheds, a granary, and cow-houses — unfed and unregarded of humankind. Fannie weighed rather under. 21b, but showed by her manner that she believed herself possessed of the force of a tornado. And foxes were her hereditary enemies— though she was well aware that in a general way she might not persecute them! Fannie was a motherly little thing, un doubtedly, and, in course of time, she reared two or three little families of her own. But 'to mother' fox cubs! That seems altogether for eign to her nature. Did she reflect, perhaps, that her mistress, being an ardent preserver of foxes, would be pleased with her present of a cub?' Really, I don't exactly know what was in Fan nie's mind that day. It is curious how dogs seem always on the look out for ghosts. A tree-trunk in an uncertain Tight makes a very satisfactory ghost, in the opinion of almost any young dog. Anyone who carries a table on his back, or a load of hay above head and shoulders, throws most dogs and borses into paroxysms of terror. Take off your hat, walk slowly with the empty crown of it between your face and your dog's, and he will fall into a' noisy ' excitement, if not into panic f£ar. The 'superior' person says, at this point: 'Yes; of sucht only are the kingdom of ghosts!' But there is a widespread belief in South Germany, in Ireland, in Scotland, and -I know not how many countries, that horses and dogs have 'an instinct' for uncanny realities. In Germany the popular notion is that no horse will, pass by the place where the body of a suicide lies; or even by the spot wheve someone has com mitted suicide; or where an execution has taken ?place. This is something different from the re pugnance that all horses have to the neighbor hood of a slaughter-house. Only two 'days ago a Tyrolese horse of very docile disposition, driven carefully by his Italian owner, was greatly up set at having to pass two widely-separated Go vernment shambies, used for supplying-- meat to the crews of Italian warships. He was 'also greatly disgusted at having to go hear a scaven ger's cart. His protests, however, were mild com pared with the. behavior of horses under '.'mi canny' influences. 'The' Moro's' owner said: 'A horse has a keener nose than any dog;' and he talked soothingly 'to him; 'didn't know why that dirtcart was always in the, same place;' ^'well-weU'd' him, and told him 'the. slaughter house was fifty, yards off his road,', and so forth. In 'haunted' quarters, on the other hand, the horse refuses with determination; he trembles; snorts; is covered from head . to heels, in time^ with a white foam; his eyes roll, and shoot fire; and the end Is sometimes a bad1 accident; some times a hard-bought victory for the driver; some time's his ignominious defeat. I could name Irish crossroads past which al most every horse in Hhe county refused to go quietly after dark. The last purchase, from, maybe, tiie other end of ttie island might be ta ken to the spot without any (possibly-— indoctrina- ted) equine companion to frighten him; but he ?unfailingly 'turned' rusty' as soon as he trod the unhallowed ground. The local explanations wete' various;- that the land on one sid,e\\. was 'cursed,' that formerly criminals were executed,, and then buried at many crossroads, and possibly here; and that the fir, trees, and a castellated, lodge in one angle of the intersecting ways, made the spot terribly dark, and so on. But seven miles from that point other, roads crossed, where no dark limestone building and no pines inter' fered with the light of sun, stars, or moon. Here also day and night horses were stricken with panic. A clergyman told me that when re turning from preaching in a neighboring rector's church at about 2 in the afternoon, his good old mare stopped short, afflicted with all the usual symptoms of terror. His ?man did what he could, with voice, . whip, and reins, to induce her to go on. The little mare swerved from side to side, she reared, she backed, but absolutely refused to keep on her homeward, way. The rector sugges ted that his man should take the mare by the head, and lead her past the crossroads. The plan was tried, fruitlessly! They drove the car away, 'to let her forget,' Larry said. Again, a useless experiment! The rector counselled gal loping past the point, and was nearly upset for his pains! In despair, at last, he told Larry to 'get home the best way he could;' while his re verence let himself down from his 'jaunting car,' and trudged four or five miles towards home be fore a steaming mare and a Jehu overtook him. 'Sure, afther all, 't was backing done it, sorr,' said Larry. But they had failed to back the mare over 'th' Crass' before the rector started for home on foot. The outside car had been over two hours, dancing about at the terrified horse's heels, before Larr# (his queer old livery coat thrown over the ani mal's head) succeeded in 'progressing backwards.' This was only one of dozens of similar adventures that happened to other neighbors at the same place. Not long after the rector's difficult passage, arterial drainage brought to light a skeleton nine feet under the-.eurface of the field, just inside the Toad fence. There was no record, and not even a tradition, of how the bones came there. They were subsequently buried in a churchyard, and the horses don't ''shy' there any more. The old fashioned inhabitant says to the 'superior' per son, 'I told you so,' when all the former misad ventures on that highway are recounted. I have great pleasure in telling the said Super ior Person the following anecdote, for which I can vouch: A young squire had just attained his ma jority and entered upon his first regular hunting season. He did not spare his horses. After a very hard day, he was bringing home a tired horse. His man, with another weary hunter, was closely fol lowing him. The twilight had fallen; the roads were 'heavy,' and it was difficult to get the horses along, until a light cart came towards them, when the squire's hunter stopped dead. He then evinc ed the strongest excitement. He tried to turn round and fly from the cart, and away also from home. All signs of fatigue were chased by the more violent emotion, terror. His rider fought with the animal, but could not make him advance. The 'second horseman' at last shouted to the dri ver of the cart to stop the groom's horse being only a degree less unmanageable than the mas ter's. When the cart had pulled up close to the fence the Squire's horse rushed past it, almost falling into the road ditch opposite in his effort to get as far as possible from the awe-inspiring vehicle. The second horse followed, also with a rush. 'You know what was in that cart, Master Tom,' said the groom, lapsing, in the emotion of a terrible moment, into the old name for his boy- ! maeter. The youth was asking at the same uio ment, 'What on earth has come over these bles sed brutes?' 'It was poor Terence's body that j they're taking to where he'll be buried in a grave yard,' the man said, stammering and stuttering for fear. 'No horse will go nigh or. near a sui cide's body.' The fact was that the local clergy had refused Christian burial to 'Terence's' re mains; and the widow was 'spiriting away' the coffin to a distant parish, where (as she hoped would be the case) no questions were asked. The 'superior' person finds it difficult to account for the behavior of the tired hunters on this occasion. I can answer for it that the more the circumstan ces were investigated the better stood the case for the vulgar view — the view of 'Master Tom's' second horseman. To close on a more cheerful note, let me repeat a story I have just heard about the Prince of. Wales, a tramp, and a dog. It was told me to il lustrate the Prince's 'bonhomie.' The tramp touched his hat. The Prince, for something plea sant to say, remarked, 'A nice dog you have there?' 'He ought to be that, sir,' the man ans wered.. «'I' just gave ten bob for him.' 'Ten bob! Why didn't you buy a young pig instead?' asked the Prince. 'And walk about with a porker at xny heels?' exclaimed the tramp in scorn. 