LONDON LITERARY LIFE. WBTFEBS OF 'I'tflHTy YBABS AGO. REilDnSCEXCES OP FAMOUS MEX. (By Mark Lemon, son of the first editor of 'London Punch.') Xo. 1. One of my earliest recoHeetions of Charles Dickens is connected with a con juring entertainment at Devonshire-place, where he then resided. Dickens was in a magician's robe and cap, with long grey beard. My feih«r, Mark Lemon, was in ... i j ? 3 i ? . ? _- ~r-M^K «lr*ii a green jacket ana trou:*^*, »iuu. «'-?-« buttons and «ripes, and a large hirned down. collar . with frilled edges, acting as page and assistant. Dickens was a, first rate conjurer. Charles Dickens and Mark Lemon were once at Greenwich Fair, when ?Uiere was a 'Richardson's Show,' exhibiting with a huge placard, bearing the words, 'A Tra gedramd Pantomime in tea mindes. Ad mission, Id.; front seat, 2d.' There was e large platform in front of tSie entrance, ?which was approached by a sloping floor. The performers were walking up and down, the platform arrayed in all their glory, and Eicnardsan y.us shouting to the crowd in front of the show to -'Walk up, be in time, be in time.' Dickens and Lemon quietly sneaked up to the pUttfc-nn and irere just paying their 2d. when Richard eon, catching eight of them, immediately raaned across the stage towards them and -seizing both by their hands shouted out 'at -the top pitch of his lung?, and he had no small voice either, 'No, no, Sir. Charles Dickens and Mr. Mark Lemon, ?we never take money from the profes sion?' Charles Dickens and Mark Lemon, who were walking along the Edgeware- road. stopped to look into a shop window, when a pickpocket put his hand into Dickens' pocket and stole his handkerchief. A policeman saw tie miui and collared nun. Dickens and Lemon had to appear at Marylebone Police Court to give evidence. After the charge was- sheeted home the magistrate asked the ?thief whether he had anything to eay. He replied, 'Veil, gay 'nor, I knows 'em both. The little thin 'un {Dickens} does the genteel 'sneak-4aJI tiz,* and tie fat m' (Lemon) keeps a pub and leaving shop in 'Ackney.'- 'What,' retorted tie beak most indignantly, 'how dare you make those disgraceful assertions against such well-known gentlemen, the -name of one of whom is 'well known ?wherever the English language is spoken?' The cheeky thief replied, 'I don't know mothin' about no English lamgwidge, but shorty (Dickens) was doing a turn along side me at Brixton mill (treadmill) last year-' : framrngah ias most intimate friends piekens uaed ?very often ito sign himself 'The Sparkler.' I have seen the signature many times. He also used very often to 'break into poetry.' I can only remem ber a part of one rhyme he sent Mark Lemon in London, when he Wmflrif was in ' Brighton. Tie verses ran tJms:— My Lemon has a coat ot frieze, ' Tbo' ifs not oft that lemon wears it; Bo that it is a prey to Seas, And ercrjr moth that's hungry tears it : Oh, my Lemon roond and fat, Oh, my rigbt, my bright, my tight 'on, Just think a little what your at, Don't stay in town, come dbmt to Brighton. It 'was an aTiTwraJ custom for Dickens, tShirley Brooks, Evans, end Lemon to make up a part?- and take their children to a pantomime .at Christmas. I remember * going on , different occasions to Sadler's fpyjs, Drury4ane, and .AstJeyis. After the play 'the whole party used to have sapper at tha Bedford Hotel; Cerent Garden, on. tripe and onions, sprats, and . oysters. \- Charles Dickens and Mark Lemon were ? .- in the habit of taking Jong walks together ;? ? to all parts of London, at all tours of the ►i' - dayror night, and in. every kind of weaker. Tliey -were also frequent visitors to the ?S'\ East-End penny gaffe and ' every other ;.\ kind of hotter entertaiHnen±. :-?.»' There used 'to be a good many dances at ; ; Tavistock House ' for . *he * juveniles, as '?.:. ; Dickens loved to have young faces as well '?' «b old about him. Tfeese were aiways very r'. r bright and nierry, -and there were two -'?'? dances in which Dickens took especial eri £' ' joyment. The dance before supper was ..-._. . always the figure eight icel, and fcttbough i~ tills was carried out in tie most vigorous ??J. ? manner by us youngsters, yet none of us ''**'. *_ ^Tirn^ within measarable ? distance- of ;-; . Bjpkene and Mark iiemtm. They need to V~ ? .put their hearts and heels into it with a. i' ' ' vengeance, and the bat dance of all was \--..-.-? always Sir Boger de Ooverley, in which -.:;::' bothjrf them would. be quite as energetic $l':.:us ever., ?? ...' £.Y . .MiwHc Lemon was a rrory big stoat 'ww^ ?''i- ' - but most wonderfully active. He *sed to -, ; : tefl with great enjoyment about a little i*'/ .-lagged gutter- snipe he -saw ae he was = i v- . walking down Fleet-street one day. Tire :;.:' ? two met face to face, and they began to ' ? dodge each other to get past. At last tie ?' .*'.'. boy stopped, short, placed trk dirty hands J-';. on his inpe, stretched his legs wide apart, ,'',-.'. and looking up straight in my father's face ;?' said, 'Njow then, gnVnor, vich. ray ,':..?' jound?' ?'? ' ... My people were living in Gordon-street, ?,' Gordonisqiiare, and the Dickens £&m3y; at ,; . . ? Tavistoek House. They were within a '? very short distance of each other, and in -:, consequence the Dickens children, my sis ters and ?myself.. were constantly together \- '-. in -ly yoang dasre. TKckess' .eldest semi's V... birfcbday iwas on Twelfth Night. He was a gxfaoa of Jlass BurdettOoutts (now Lady ?]_ Boniejit-Contts). and, I beBere, the ;S- only one. There . wag ahvays a ;' V hrge cnSdren's party given upon each an niversary, and tJEss BurdettOontts used to .' ? present her godson with a splendid Christ ' .-. mas tree loaded with, all manner of sifts. 1 . wttrich were distributed amongst us chil ?.'-*? dren. As we became older private theat ? Bca3s were instituted, we younaer ones talc Ing tiie leadm? parts. 'Tom Thumb** was '. the first we pkyed, the present Henry Fie3dinc Dickens, Q.C., ibaldng iiie title MrTe. Bkiena played the Ghost of Gaffer *nrrmrb, and my father the Giant. Amone ?? '' those 'who ?were in the cast were— Mkrens : ? . ' Stone. TT. A , Canon Alfred Ainger, And ijie late Earl Lyfcton (then Kobert Buiwer). '- TEhe next vear we performed 'Fortrmatns.' ... Dickens played Tie King, WHJde Ooliins Jjcasgeex, and Mark Lemon The Dragon. The next year Wfflao CoBins wrote 'The LifShtihouse,' the characters being taken by the elder folk,' eo that the ' ' ,- youngsters were cut out altogether from the cost, but aMrangh the audience saw ; nothing of us, yet -we eoatributed TJKute cxaSy, in onx opinioo, towards -tie soc cesa oE -fie piece. I can remember per-' fertly -wtH fte part I took in He produc . ' Hon. The drop curtain was painted by ? -Clarkson Stanfield, RA., and represented (I tpiote ifeebaiof ttve pby)— 'Ei^iSystooB lijirtfanuse tt- itsxsn-scdt form Ere he who brdlt it prayed for the great storm : That shivered it to atoms. The lantern in the iigbthoase was a Ted transparency, and it was my duty to hold a candle fixed to llie end of a Jong stick behind this as Ions as *2ie drop was down. There was only one seene in €he drama, and that was the interior of a room in ths upper part of tie lighthouse. A *erriiu! gale is supposed to be Mowing, and n-.y next duty was in conjunction -wd£b Walter Sawaee Larador Dickens, who was after (WS3AEB tux VLtlVGC m UK dUUSD ±11 tEa Company' b service end who died in InuSa, *tx- ?turn a large wooden mieel over which was stretched a piece of heary canvas, the fric tion producing the R^ri eking of the win.l. Alth-jnp5i iSAa work was a trifle harder iian turning a crank in the penitentiary, we stuck at tt in the most serious manner as though our lives depended upon it. ?We had also1, every time Khe mea on the stage opened the shutter of the window, in order to remark upon the state of the weatiher, to throw handfufe of salt over them to re semble tire spray from -the eea outside. There were oniy three or four characters in the piece, and ttese were, played by Charles Dickens, Wi&ie; OoEins, Shirley Brooke, and Mark Lemon. Mary Dickens, the eWest dauebter, aod Mj'ss Gcorgina ' H'OgarUi (Mrs. Diekens's sister) alpo plaved in it. The next year Wilkie Col ling wrote 'The 'Frozen Deep.' This iwae in three acts, and a proper stage was 'bnilt out of the wincow of -the chrMrett's schoolroom at Thviebork Hnnw. Tlip.r*» TSwarp nnito a imm ber of people in it, amongat oUiere we . ?? youngsters once more made our ap pearance, but only as sopers. The second i1; act was kid in the Arctic region, (bill of the play again) — In that cold nxicn where the lost lie low, '?:?:?? Wrapped in their mantle of eternal snow. and represented the interior of a. liut fitted up with bunks. It was die shel ter of the) man of the Sea. Iteir, which ;' was frozen up in the ice together with ? ' the Erebus. Among the oldi-r ones ' who took part in the play were Charles ? , Dickens, Wilkie Collins. Shirley Broak*, ?A Augustas Egg, R.A., Albert Smith. Mirk Lemon vmd a number of other frien * of Dickens, wio were, many of them, weli known people. The ladies were Mrs Homy WiHs, ifaiy and Kate Dickens, and JIiss Geonpina Uopivfli. Tke music %va.a composed by Francisco Berber, and the ecencry was, as in previous years, painted by C'kirkson Stanfield, It. A, and a part of it by William Telbir.. the 'well-known Drury-lane i?cenic arrist. The -evening's etrtertainmcBt always concluded with a farce, in which Dickens and l^enwrn took the leading characters. At different times they played ''Uncle John,' 'Two o'Clock in ihe Horning.' and a l.irce Dickons and Lemon- -wro'te rhemfelves for the occa-^on caUoi 'Mt. Nightinpde's Diary,' in whii-h they aach represented seven different characters. Tho a.motin't of fun these two would gee out of the play wus be yond belief. They were both first-rate ac tors and could play up to each other in a. most remarkable rrrcinacr. About this time Dougfea Jerrold died and a memorial fund iras s*artcd for the aenefit of Mrs. Jerrold and her daughters. 'The Frozen- Deep,*' with the same cast, excepting that the female parts were played by professional ladies, Miss Castle mam (Mrs. George Vininjr), Miss Kate Ternan, ond Miss EHen Ternon. The play was acted at the Gallery of Illus tration, Regent-street, London, for severai nightf. One performatw* was before the Queen, the Prince Consort, the King of the Beknams (Leopard), and the court. aer jjiajeary w-as the mvi-cod guest of Air. Dickens and the others. I remember up on this occasion being introduced to Hans Ocnstian Andersen, the teller of fairy tales, nud I think I was more struck -with him than by any other perron present. The piece was afterwards ulavod in other parts of England. At iranchester a re cord -a-,is made, the curtain coing up to a £1,000 house. Thi3 was the er.-i of the private theatri cals, as the separation cf Dickens from his wife -bock place: and, owins to a difference of opinion about tne imitter. the close friendship that had existed for so many rears between Dickens and Lemon was broken. For a long time afterwards I do not think they ever met each other, but wh«i they did meet at Clarkson Stan field's funeral they shook hands over the grave of their o3d friend, and the old rela tions were, to a certain extent, renewed, bat not for long. They both died soon aftenrardfi — wfiinin about a week of each other. After the separa tion, and up ito the time of his d-na th Hark Lemon -vrac Mrs. Dirkens' -trustee, and toe Tnanaged all her affairs, while she herself was a constant visitor in the summer months at our place in Susses. 