ST. MARY'S CATHEDRAL OPENING. TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. Sir, - At a meeting of the Evangelical Council held to-day, the following resolutions were adopted, and directed to be sent to you for publication, vic- 1 That this council notes that at the opening of St Mary's Roman Catholic Cathedral on Sunday last, his Excellency the Governor attended in his official capacity as representative of her Majesty the Queen, and was accompanied by their Excellencies the Governors of Queensland and New Guinea, who also attended in official costume and style. The council also notes that his Worship the Mayor and other official personages are also reported to have been present in their official capacities 2 That on that occasion, and in presence of his Excellency, the appointed preacher (Dr, Red « ood) is reported to have said " The leaders and founders of Protestantism, Luther, Calvin, owing lies, one , were notorious for their vices " . " Protestantism covered Europe with blood and ruins in the sixteenth century, and has ever since been the helper an instrument of the worst foes of Cat is dainty. It desecrated the home, it polluted the nuptial bed, it towered true dignity of womanhood, it devastated the school, and stopped the progress of science '' . " in Ane, neither Protestants nor Greek schismatics have shown that the action of the Holy Ghost is with them. Their ministers have no lawful mission, and they cannot say that they have been sent by Jesus Christ" ..." Have they (the Protestant denominations) any of the marks of the true Church unity, sanctity, catholicity, and apostolical v Surely not I The council notes that, so far as is reported, those words were listened to without protest by her Majesty's representatives. It regards these statements as a direct calumny on her Majesty as the most illustrious member of the Anglican Church, to which the preacher specially referred, and on all her subjects of the Protestant faith and in listening to them without protest his Excellency and the other public officials present were made to appear to be parties to an attack upon the faith held by her Majesty and an overwhelming majority of her English-speaking subjects 4 The council also regards the statements made with reference to the pollution of the nuptial bed and the desecration of the home as an implication of personal immorality on the part of members of the Protestant communions The council, therefore, feels strongly that by his action on the occasion his Excellency permitted and was made to appear to sanction an act of dishonour to her Majesty and her co-religionists in these realms and therefore desires to express in the most public way its disapproval and reprobation of the same. i> The council would also point out that by her Majesty s oath her Majesty's attendance at the May 18 precluded, and it is, therefore a matter of surprise that her representative in New South Wales should have done that which her Majesty herself is by oath disallowed from doing. W. M. DILL-MACKr, President. , B. PRICE 1 Hon. F.-C0LWíH4.ioec,. September 13. 