SBTas It Welby ? WUPLETE IN <PEIS ISSUE. xn MAGGIE SYMINGTON, Jlkuther'.ofc.Dr. Rae, SpeoiaUst,"--tco, <:o. . . COFXSXOHT. CHAPTER I. No ManU Land. ' HEN Jack Welby asked me down to their place in the first holiday time I had had in England since I entered the Indo- European Tele graph Company's service, I did not ' mean to drift into a semi-engage-, ment with his sister, neverthe less this -was the upshot of my Skat. Jack and T were- oTd-time chums; our friendship dated from the days' when we Svere at old Dymocke's Academy together, . gmd lie, a delicate, sensitive tittle chap, had -depended , upon me to fight Ins battles for Aim. After : Dymocke's our paths separated widely; ho went to public Bchool and col- 3ege, I had to begin at once-to support my self. Burdened with many olive branches, ithe dear old governor, even with the beBt will :jm the world, could not give to any of his eons more than a start in life. After somo years, chance, or fate, brought gnc across Jack Welby onee more. The Aelicate boy had grown into a delicate man, .bat he was as lovable as ever, and my heart went out to him in fuller measure even than of old. The renewal of our boyhood's friend ship was a joy to both of us. We met in town, and then Jack urged me to go down with h into the country and bo introduced -to his family. There I found an exquisitely pretty, feminine edition of himself, and suc cumbed accordingly. This brought the one perfect holiday of my life to a close; for Squire Welby refused to sanction any en gagement between me and Rose, on the score of her extreme youth, although I know that the smatiness of my salary was a greater iar still. Her years would increase, but -there was small prospect of my income keep- ting pace. Jack wrung my hand. '"Ted, old boy, ' there's nobody I would so gladly welcome as. a brother, but it won't do; Rose is not made to endure hardship, and she is such a child, too." " No, it won't do," I said, slowly, '"or at least, not for years. My position may not .always be what it is. now." " But yon will not bind her to any engage- > Blent?" \- "No; I will take my chance when the -time comes." ' But Rose declared "I will never, never marry anyone else. If yon do-not come back, I will die an old maid." Just at that time an appointment was of fered me. Arriving so apropos, and being of a nature to carry me- far away from Rose, I have always suspected Squire Welby, or Jack, of having had a hand in it. It was quite in accordance with my tastes at the time, and I sent an instant acceptance. Shortly after, I left England to take . charge of the Telegraph Station at Onnara, Beloochistan. - . Orrnaro is situated in the wild and savage Mekran Hills, whiah extend some distance into the Arabian Sea, forming a hammer- headed promontory of bold and precipitous ctiffa. It is a place of which it. may truly be said that it is a "waste land whither _no»' , man conies or hath come since tho making of the world." Nevertheless the wierd lone liness of tho situation, its desolate and un cultivated aspect, were so consonant with my feoings when I thought of those vanished summer days and of the witchery which -had made them so bright, that I conceived a gloomy delight in the savagery of its ap pearance. Onnara, the little settlement jn which I; and four or five others, were the only Eng lish, and indeed the only European residents, lies within .the promontory, almost hidden from sight in ono of its angles Tho Telegraph Station crowns the summit of a hill just above the village, with the boundless ocean on one side, and the almost illimitable waste of mountain-land on the other. Hero for many a long day, Vith no companions hut the young clerks under me, with few resources of amusements, and with much leisure time on 'my hando, I spent a monotonous and uneventful life, broken only now and again by the arrival of an inspector, or the passing of somo distant ocean steamer. Somewhere about twelve months hod gone by when, one day, to my surprise and joy, I received a letter from Jack Welby announ cing bis intention of coming out to Orrnaro. He dcclnred himself to be fascinated with my descriptions of the grandeur and sublimity of tho scenery, Ac., and as his health had been less satisfactory even than usual of late, he had a desire to try the effect of life . at Ormara, and the air of the Mekran Hills. He was ordered abroad somewhere, and preferred to join mo rather than go to one of the recognised health resorts where he knew no one. He came out in a semi-official capacity, and a suitable abode was found for him in the village. He bronght me' a touching little note from Rose, begging me to take care of " dear Jock " for her sake; Life became quite another thing for mo in Ormara after Jack's arrival. We, were as much together as our several not .too ardu ous duties wonld allow. We talked much of the future, and I learned that one of his dearest wishes was for me so to advance in my profession that we might become in fact the brothers we had so long been in heart. Ho was to return to England at the end of six months, and to repeat the experiment another year if his health was sufficiently improved to justify it. The simplicity and monotony of our exis tence seemed to suit him .to a nicety ; he grow certainly stronger as the months passed by. The time of his departure was drawing near when suddenly, something happened that quite uset all onr calculations. My clerks and I were gathered in the tittle telegraph office one morning. Fred Horvcy was on duty, and, seated at one of the instruments, was carrying on a jocular conversation with one of lus friends at some distant station, the other two lads and I were engaged in u game of dummy whist,. Fred occasionally breaking in with some absurd remark, when suddenly our native .servant rushed in with terror ilepicted upon his swarthy face, hearing a letter in his trembling hands. Ho handed this to me with a profound salaam. , "Whew! What's in the wind. now, I wonder!" ojaculated Harry Edwards,' a jolly young fellow of nineteen years. " Enough and to spare," I replied, as after reading the note, I passed it on to him. It was from the apothecary of the district — a great friend, of ours, and a thoroughly good and trustworthy man. " Dear Brownley, — . "Intelligence has reached me tiiqt the Belooches are oh their way hore lor a loot. I shall come up to ypdr place as soon aq I can got'freo. In tho meantime I advise you to do all you can -to protect gourselvcs; in -case, of 'on attack. "Yours, " Eunest Hampden." "The dickens 1" ejaculated Harry Edwards when I. communicated this information to my clerks. " Herois a pretty kettle of fish!" . " Let us set to work at once and prepare to give them such a welcome as they won't forget in a hurry," energetically cried Fred. We held earnest consultation, in the midst of which. Hampden walked in. I hailed his arrival with joy. He had beon resident in Ormara for years, and knew better what was to be feared than I did. "Wo want your sage advice,. Hampden, and. all the help you are disposed to give. I hope you have come up with ' the intention of remaining?" r His grave face, his unresponsiveness to the more jocular greeting of tho boys, im-. pressed me seriously. "I think yon should make use of every available means of defence that you possess. Neglect no precaution that it is in your power to take. These fellows get the idea into their heads once in a blue mobn that they can help themselves to some of the whito man's belongings. . And when they proceed to act upon this idea it is no joke for us, I can assure you. They are beggars to fight." "As you know" I responded, "we are fairly well provided with means of defence." "'Overhaul everyone of them and make sure they arc in condition for use. This is a bigger affair than has occurred for years, unless my informant is, as I can scarcely think, deceived." There was a caution and reserve in his tone which impressed me almost more than tho words themselves. I began to realise that we had an actual danger to face, and that the deadly calm of our lives was likely to be broken with a, vengeance. Fred and Harry became as lively and eager as if. they were about to encounter an adverse team at football ; but Willie Belton, who 'was barely seventeen years of age, and was, moreover, somewhat nervous and deli-, catc, a double reason for regarding him as the baby clerk of the station, grow pale about the tips. We lost no farther timo in deliberation, but all set to work vigorously to strengthen our position. We closed the iron shutters, which hod musket holes in them, over the three windows, barred, bolted, and double- locked the doors, and then proceeded to erect a barricade of all the mattresses, heavy furniture, blocks of wood, etc., we could lay hands on. Next, tho firearms, and ammu nition were carefully inspected and placed in readiness.' After all this was accomplished I pressed lunch' on Hampden. Then we discovered that our servant, who had been missing from the beginning of the operations, had not yet returned. " Shall we wait?' I asked, "or set out the lunch ourselves in the best way we can-?" -' " A raid on the larder by all means," cried Harry. " Come along, Willie." Hampden's lips curved; a light flashed from his eyes. " Do you suppose he means-to come back?" he asked. "It has not occurred to me to doubt it.'' What is your opinion, Hampden?" " I should say he has taken himself, off to the lulls and intends to Btay there till all danger is over. Some of these fellows ore awful cowards." " He looked decidedly like being in-a funk when he bronght me your note," I said mus ingly. " What a beastly, sneak !" from Fred. A light touch was on my arm, and I turned to .find Williois pale, eager face -at my elbow. "Don't you think, Mr.. Brownley, it would' bo better for us all to go up to tho hills too-? . You see, sir, we shall all be killed if we stay . here. We've made everything as safe ob we ckn, and we could coma back after the savo- : ges aro gone. Do let us go-.!" Before I could, reply,. Fred dnterposed in voice of thunder : "Stop that, youngster? Don't insult us by suggesting the white feather, Belton. j It's a pity you ever left yourmother's apron- strings. Canit you see1 it's our Auty to-stick by this place?" " Don't be hard on the' boy, Fred;" I inter- , posed. " Willie is only half a man at pre sent, and I do not suppose the-duty -aspect of the case has struck him." Fred sobered down a little. "I suppose it's right enough to take as - jolly good care of ourselves, as possible, but when it "-comes to deserting the station, that's an idea that I'm sure, Hir, you. would not entertain for a mbment." "I have been placed here in- charge of it;" I returned, quietly, as I laid my' hand on Willie's shoulder, "and it is certainly my duty to defend it with my life, if need be. I also tbink it the duty, of eaoh' and all of you to stand by me. Still, if Willie would like to take refuge in the hills—" " No, oh no? If you stay, I will stay too. I wanted yod ail to be safe, I did not think of going elono." - 1 Give us your flipper, old chap," cried Harry. "You'll fight with the best of us; I know." . . CHAPTER IL x SlQNALLED, We got the best lunch we coztd under - the circumstances, and all shortc'iinings proved a fruitful basis for the quips and cranks of Fred and Horry.. The perpetual chaff in which those fellows indulged seSmed to be the natural outcome of the excited state ot their minds, and did much to sustain the spirits of the rest; it also served to divert my strained sense of responsibility. When we bad cleared away the last ves tiges of our meal, Fred sat down to one of the instruments and opened up a talk with some far-away fellow-clerks. He tried to tell them of onr predicament, bnt his absurd mode of expressing himself, and his well-known addiction to practical jokes, elicited no other reply than " Old birds are not to be caught with chaff." As this was slowly ticked out by the marvellous little instrument, it was greeted with roars of laughter at Fred's expense. "Hang it all, they think I'm hoaxing. Here, Brownley, you tell 'em it's a case of ' genuine morit' this timo." I took his vacated seat, and placed my hands on the machine. For one second an indescribably solemn feeling came over me. This might possibly bo the last message I should ever send along the wire. "Fred is right this- time. We are in peril from on attack of Belooches." Bock came the answer : "If you Bay so, it's genuine. We are sending on word to Ladenhati Street, and. wish you a speedy and safe deliverance." The day wore on, and I for one begun to feel the confined atmosphere within our barricades unspeakably oppressive." " Let's get outside a tittle," I said to Hampden, " we're sale enough as long as it isn't dork."; . "Thankfully; it is stuffy here." "H anything goes wrong, fire -a pistol, Fred; we shall be close by." "All right, captain." Hampden and I left the little house, armed in case of a surprise, and strolled away to the edge of the lofty cliffs. After a careful look round, we stretched ourselves upon- the dry grass and watched tho -sun slowly fallings towards the distant-, sea-line. Far' below us tossed and tumbled . - tho restless waves, and on the far horizon wo -could just discern the smoke of a fast- receding steamer- leaving its trail across the' reddened sky. - Behind and around us 'stretched the gloomy and apparently end less range of the Mekran hills, A more tranquil and peaceful scene could not be imagined, and yet within us was tho pre- sazo of things to come which 'might, obangeo alT before another sunset. I had been reclining calmly, my elbow resting on tbo ground, when I suddenly started to a more upright position zs a . thought rushed into my mind. " Why on earth-has .not Welby turned np, , I wonder?" " He's sure to do so;"Tetnraed Hampden; placidly; "there are no whites to consort with down therq." ' A vague uneasiness stirred within me, and a feeling of compunction arose that, omidst tho shock of the news and -the hurry of our preparations; no thought had entered my mind of possible danger to him. "I have made so sure that the station will be tho first point chosen for attack, but what if I sprang to my feet; a thrill, of horror seizing me. . Just then -the sun dipped, and a glow as of fire flashed upwards into ' the heavenB. Without moving nit position, Hampden re turned quietly : - " "Ho's at the station now, probably ; h» may havo come up after we left." " Does he know what we fear?" " I dropped him a line when I sent one to you; just to make sure, though the source of-my information is also open to him." I"' turned my back upon the sea and faced the direction from which we had come. The station was in full view, a tittle way down tho heights to the- right, and between us and it were the hills and hollows we had crossed to reach onr present position. The sky was darkening already over there, for night comes on swiftly in these regions after the sun is gone. On a knoll about midway between us and the station, against the darkening sky, up whioh the round, gleaming face of the moon was slowly rising, I saw the figure of a man distinctly outlined. He appeared to bo sig nalling us. ' - ' " Why, there is Welby," I exclaimed joy fully. Hampden was on his feet in-a twinkling. "Where?" ' . I pointed towards the knoll, the figure on which, seeing our attention drawn towards it, began to. gesticulate rather wildly, wav ing his arms in the direction of the station. "Yes, that's' certainly Welby," said Htunpden deliberately, " and, by Jove, Brownley, he wants to hurry us. Some thing must be up at the station. Come on. " We plunged headlong downwards. From the next rise we sighted tho knoll again, but no one stood there now. " He has gone back to the station," I ex claimed agitatedly. "There must be some reason why he dia not come to meet us." Wo wasted no more breath in words, but hurried forward with all the speed we could make. Still, with every, fresh glimpse we got as wo approached the station, we saw no sign of -excitement. Reaching it at length, outside we found all in the same tranquil state it was when we left. We were admitted at- onco. "What's up?" cried Fred, "Brownley, you look as ghastly as if you had seen a whole troop of ghosts." My glance went beyond him, eagerly searching the dim interior. "Where'b Welby?" I gasped. "Welby! We haven't set eyes upon him," replied Fred. "Now yon mention it, why hasnit he come up hero?" queried Harry. "Beastly foolish of him to stick in the village,"' ' " But we saw him," both'Hampden and I exclaimed, and the former added, some deadly sensation stealing the power of speech from me, " He stood on a knoll scarce a hundred yards from this, and beckoned to us to make haste back. We have lost no time I can as sure you. We came over head and heels. Ho must be somewhere hear." "We'll soon find out. Come on, Ed- . wards, we'll unearth lum if he's anywhere .hereabouts. Come along, Belton." The three youths ran out together to. search the neighbourhood of the station. . "You look dreadful, Brownley. Can. I got you anything?" said Hampden.' I. directed him where to find tho brandy. He poured me out a small glass and I drank it off. " Hampden," I said then, "we must look into this." "Yes, yes. If he doesn't come in with the boys, we'll go down and hunt him up." "Why ho should have gone back after coming to warn us I cannot understand." " Rash, to say the least. He deserves to be fetched up by force. Get baok your strength, old fellow. Our long lege will soon carry, us to his quarters and back. Another glass?" - ' " No more, tlianke. Help yourself. Can you see anything of tho boys?" " Hero they come, and tdone." They burst in the nsxt moment. "We've made as wide a oircuit as we dared, and there's not. a trace of him." In a few brief words I told Fred of the determination to which Hampden and I had come, and laid down the precautions to be observed during our absence. Ho promised scrupulously to adhere to my. directions, and we sot forth. CHAPTER. IH. Under the Moonhats. The night had deepened, but the moon hod arisen and her pure, whito tight shone everywhere. The gittering.. rays fell upon the heaving waters afar, and softened tile rugged outlines of the bleak mountains. Below us lay tho village, enclosed in ite groves of palm trees, whose graceful forms towered high above the houses, their broad leaves glistening in the moonlight as they were wafted to and fro by the soft night breeze. . The influence of the night somewhat soothed my perturbed spirit and cooled my heated brain. "All must be well,". I as sured myself, as we moved.swifty and silent ly downwards, "and in a very short timo now we shall be retracing our steps with Welby safely between us." Still, my- thoughts reverted again and again to the singmarity of his having come so far up tho cliffs, evidently for tho purpose pf warning us, and then gone back Without exchanging a Word. It was so unlike Jack to have done this that it puzzled me more than his complete absence would have done. Had not Hampden also seen and recognised 'him, I might have concluded tho vision I had had of him to be hallucinatory. As he stood on the knoll, facing tho red glow of the western skr, his figure hod been thrown into suoh clear relief by the dark- naast that one could Bcarcely mistake id "I saw him ! I saw him 1" I asseve rated inartioalarly, . Not a sound broke the intense quietude as we stole through the village and reached the tittle house my friend ocoupied. A tight was burning behind ono of tho windows that gave on to the veranda. " He is there 1" I whispered to Hampden. Ho assented with a nod. I. swung myself on to the veranda, mean ing to attract his attention by tapping the gloss. One glance within told me a terrible talc, and I drew back sickened with horror. Jack, my boyhood's friend, Rose's brother, whom she hod committed to my care, lay- on his back upon the floor. The room was in groat disorder, aupboard doors had been foreed, drawers ransacked, only the lamp on tho table, the open book lying within the rim of shaded light, hod not been inter- 1 tered with. Hampden was by my sido as I drew shuddering away. He dragged the in silonce ' through wo window. Wo fell upon our knees on cither sido the niotionless figure. A dark mark in the very , centre of .the marble brow told its own story. . Ho must ' luVe been shot down PR' he sat reading. : .. J Hampden' proceeded to make examination, : 1 watching him through dated eyes.- In a I very short timo he ceased his efforts and 1 looked across at me. : "Wo ore fully an hour too late,; life-had, been cxtinot for quite that time." i "Impossible!" I pulled out my watch 1 and examined the face of it in the lamp- tight. "It is not yet an hour sinco we saw him on the cliffs." . Hampden slowly sbook hiB head. " Wo were mistaken; it could not -have been he." All my senses were dulled by the horror of onr discovery. I could not attempt to argue tho matter. Hampden has since told mo that he was soi alarmed by tbo expression of my face that ho feared tho shock of learning Welbys fate would completely uninan me so that I should be of no farther use that night. He took me by both shoulders and almost com pelled mo to got on to my feet. " Come, come, Brownley, we must not in' dulge in grief at. present. Wo can do no good hero; we are too late, I tell' you. But those boys! Good God! have you for gotten the peril they ore in?" "Yes, the boys," I said mechanically, and with the words ono thread of interest was retaken by my benumbed brain. "We can. coma back here when they aro safe.' He hurried me away. Once ontsido, tho. chilled blood in my veins was changed to molten fire. A passion un- tiko anything I have ever experienced soized me. It was the fearful, unholy desire of vengeance, which presented itself to me for the timo being, under the appearance of duty. We had scarcely cleared the village when the sound of shots rang out oh the still air, under tho placid face of the moon, whose beams now made the whole country appear almost as light as day. " Good heavens ! They ore attacking the station," exclaimed Hampden. " Como on, Brownley, there's no time to be lost." Shot after shot rattled out in quick suc cession, reverberating amongst the hills and rocks. Added to this were shrill, discor dant yells, as though a whole army of fiends hod been let loose. We tore up the hill side, our firearms in readiness for immediate use. The sight which burst upon onr eyes as we camo in view of the station far exceeded the sounds. Tho place seemed to be alive with dusky figures, leaping, shrieking in the moonlight. The leader of the Belooches on this raid was one Dost Mahomed, the notorious rob ber chief on whose head a price had been' set for somo time. I judged the number of his followers to be about fifty. We crept as close to the station as we could under cover, and watched our oppor tunity. : The boys were making a gallant defence. Their firing was sharp and true, and did credit to the practice held in idle hours. I thought of poor Willie, and won dered if the hero spint. had come into the lad, and whether he was standing firmly at his post as honour and duty required. Wo seized the first lull, when the1 Bel- ooches were squatting about their chief an the hillsido in the white moonlight in con sultation; and, after giving tho signal to Fred, made a bolt for the door. We were seen by a couple of huge savages, who raised a yell and rushed upon us. There was a stainpedo in our direction from the hill side, und behind us I heard the bars and bolts-being withdrawn. There seemed to be nothing for it, however, but to sell our lives as deafly as we could. In that awful moment I saw the dead whito form of poor Jack Welby. lying on the floor of lus house, and a desperate strength" was given me. "Keep close to me, and 'as cool as you can," I cried to Hampden. " All right ; . go ahead 1" - The next moment I had pamed with my sword the blow of one- of the giants, and, raising my revolver, shot him to the ground. Hampden felled the other, and, as we leapt over their bodies, shouted, " We shall do .it now!" - But the others were upon us. I saw the wild figure of Dost Mahomed and the savage faces of his followers. Hampden clubbed his musket and fought like a lion; I had . only one more chamber left iu my revolver ; I fired this, and missed. Not so my imme diate adversary ; a sharp twinge in my left shoulder told mo that his shot had taken effect. At that moment we were covered by the blaze of two muskets from our rear. The door, of the station was ajar, and our brave luds filled the aperture. Seeing that I was wounded, Hampden .covered me as well as he could, .and together we fought our way backwards towards the doorway. Whether wo should ever have reached its friendly shelter I cannot say, but at that moment Fred rushed out, seized my sward out of my hand, and pushed me withinr Then, cutting with deadly effect right and left, he retreated backwards. So he got within the. house, into which Hampden too had successfully fought his way. Tho door was sharply shut by -Harry and Willie, and we all threw our strength upon it, bolting, locking, and barring it. "Whew!" cried Fred coolly, as he wiped the perspiration from his brow, "that was worso than a soragg at football. Yell away, my frionds, wo've got the better of you for- tho time being.'- , My wound was, fortunately, only a flosh one. Hampden bound it up as well as lie could, so as to admit of my commanding one of the musket-holos, and we kept up a brisk fire whenever the besiegers . came within range. It was weary and sickening work, still we had cause to be thankful that so far we were ablo to hold the fort in safety. Again and again they returned to the attack; finally they retreated for a longer timo than they hod done yet, and we were beginning to congratulate ourselves that they hod had enough of it when back they camo, armed with big st-ones aud inverted muskets. Charged in this fashion, our trustworthy door began to show signs of yielding, and despair filled our hearts. It seemed as though nothing short of a miracle could save us now. Fashed to extremity, an idea camo into my mind. Willie was close by me, diligontly occupied in loading my mus kets for me. The savages were yelling in anticipatory triumph at close quarters. Hampden and Fred were making super human exertions, ably seconded by Harry, when I spoke low in the boy's ear. : " There's something else con be done, and you Bhall have the honour of doing it. Run upstairs to my room ; you'll find a tin box under the window filled with old books and papers. Try if -you con astonish the natives, by hcaving'it over the sill." He ran away liko a shot, and a few sec onds later wo saw a. dark moss descend upon the heads of the crowd about the door. Tho box was not big or heavy enough to do any serious damage, still I have no doubt it gave some few of the besiegers a headacht they could not forget in a hurry. But tho best work it did was to create a scare, and pro cure us a temporary respite. They drew off for another consultation, a very brief one this time. Through tho momentary lull, my strained ears caught the far-away sound of another cry. Did this mean help for us? Or reinforcements for thomV Our fate de pended upon tho answer, for even as we caught tho sound the savages were upon us again. . With sot faces and eager hands wo worked desperately. My heart quailed within' me. The battering an the door was now so tor- rifio that it deadened all- else. \- "Willie, lad," I said hoarsoly, "run up stairs, und see if you can see aught coming." The ciy of a fiond rang out into tho glim mering dawn outside, above tho noise and strife — Dost Mahomed's voico, I think. 'Then a rush of footsteps overhead, and Willie's glad cry from tho stairs : " Bluejackets ! Bluejackets. I They, are tearing up the hill.". ' . , . At that moment the' door fell in with a loud crash, a dusky figure appeared in the aperture, with a troop in his rear; Frod apjl Hampden darted to tho opening ; I turned blind and sick for an instant, as I saw tho brave fellows 'rush on to their death in this W Again that inhuman, yell, tho cry of a lavage worsted in the vety momeiit of vic tory. Dost Mahomed was calling off his men. They took to their heels, and flew iu all directions. Through the open door we saw a troop of British seamen' advancing with a rush, led by a broad-shouldered young officer, the gray dawn shining on their cut lasses. Shall I ever forget, the ringing cheer with which they greeted. iis — a spent com-: pany of bleeding men I r "All a mere chance that we happened to get here Just in tlie" nick of time," said Lieu- ; tenant Campbell. "Two minutes longer and we should all have been dead men," I replied.' "In God'a mercy, 'how have you been sent to our aid?" - ;. ; "Wo helolig to H.M.S. Tiger. .Wo came in shore to get water, and the men who were lauded for the purposo heord- firing, and sent off word to the captain, who de spatched mo to see what was upi' I am afraid those follows havo given you a hot time." . .. . A hot time indeed 1 Wo were all more or less wounded ; even Willie hod torn 'his hands with the jagged edges of the tin box in his vigorous efforts to hurl it down upon- the heads of the rebels. The lieutenant placed men in charge of . the station and carried us all off with him to the ship, that we might make a full re port to the captain and have our wounds properly seen to by the ship's surgeon. ? : We all obtained speedy promotion for that night's work; and I was summoned to headquarters. The lads took an almost tear ful leave of me. Hampden wrung my hand in silence. ' ' As the vessel steamed out into the Ara bian Sen, I stood aft and gazed wistfully landwards. The sun .gleamed whitoly upon a marblo cross beneath a group of . palms that.marked tho last resting-placo of tho re- mains of poor Jack Welby. . As soon as business would permit after I reached London I went down to see Squire Welby and Rose, to convey certain posses sions that had belonged to Jack, and to give them the last painful particulars." ' I had, of course, been in communication with them by letter, and they had had time to become somewhat resigned to their loss. To my surprise, I found that Jack's death would make all the difference in the world- to me. As I was by no moans inclined to- relinquish the idea of marrying Rose, the squire insisted , upon my leaving the tele graph service, and settling down with them taking Jack's place as far as passible. . Although I had spoken freely to all of anything that aould give comfort, I told no one bnt Rose of how Hampden and I had seen Jack on the evening of the attack. " As lie could not explain it in any other way, Hampden insisted that our vision of him must have been hallucinatory. Nevertheless, I saw him, Rose. I saw him as certainly as I ever saw anything in my life, although Hampden says it is quite im possible that he could have been alive at) the time." Rose nestled up to me, her head on my shoulder, her soft cheek close to mine. " I have no doubt that you saw him, dear hoy. His soul was free, and he could come- to you." Then she added softly, "Dear, dear Jack 1 Ho knew, that I could not live unless I ,hud either him or you, aud - ho wanted you to got back to tho station where you would be comparatively safe." Although I must admit that Rose's ex planation of the mysterious occurrence I have related is not one wluoh generally com mends itself , to reason, it, better meets the facts of the case than docs .Hampden's. 