HIGH LIFE IN RUSSIA. Seventy Years Ago. A Russian nobleman (writes Leonard Pome- roy In tho "New Century Review") stood then 011 the apex of his power. He wielded an Iron sceptre wlthii) his castle walls. He Indulged In royal state. His staff of household ser vants Included a . lord chamberlain, lords and ladles in wnitlner. nairen in attendance, nrlvate secretaries, doctors, librarians, tools, hunch backs, comic singers, dwarf3, negroes, and hegresses, besides a full-sized band, a complete theatrical company and a corps dc ballet. Roughly speaking the Indoor servants and re tainers rarely numbered less than 700 or 800 "souls." All were serf-born. None were free to come and go. The housekeeper had no harassing duty of receiving or giving warning. Every mortal creature belonged to the place jUBt as much as the chairs and tables belonged to their respective apartments both alike were the property of the master, who was at liberty to beat his carpets or his men, as the occasion required. THE DESERTED CASTLES. Travelling In Russia at the present time It Is no uncommon thing to come across a great block of dilapidated buildings standing cheek by jowl with some filthy village. The huts are populated, overcrowded with human life, but the castle stands unoccupied but for the saving presence of rats and ghosts. We look at the broken window panes,, at the terraces choked with tangled vegetation. Perhaps we enter at the castle's massive doorway. We wander through the lofty, forsaken rooms. We stand In front of the dim mirrors, and glance at their tarnished frames. We step on carpets of priceless value, and gaze on chtua stored In cablnetB of equal beauty and rich ness. We rest on some springy couch curved with the grace of rococo art. In curiosity wo may touch the keys of a splendldly-lnlald piano, and fall back shuddering at the wclra metallic tones which echo through the empty house. Are we of a romantic turn of mind we sigh for the pity of It all, we regret the waste of so much luxury left a prey to decay and ruin. It is Interesting to pick up old volumeB and hunt up facts relating to a bygone generation, associating the written maitter with some well-remembered spot, until a glow of reality lights up the picture. We give below some extracts of this nature, taken from an authen- tlee source:— A HAREM BALLET. "Prince Jusepofl' owned a large town house in Moscow, which he placed completely at the disposal of his harem, a group of fifteen to twenty exquisitely lovely girls. The aged French dancing-master, Johel, renowned for his consummate grace, wna commanded by the prince to Instruct them In his art. During the Great Fast, when by Imperial decree the State theatres are closed, Jusepoff Invited Jils special friends to witness the progress made by his corps de ballet. The performance, which was preceded by a gala dinner, gave unqualified pleasure to the guests. To the strains of soft music the fair dancers glided on to the Btage, bewildering the eye by their graceful movements. On a given signal from the hosts the girls, with miraculous ease, discarded their scanty draperies and continued dancing as Eve. PECULIAR AMUSEMENTS. "Almost Incredible plans were often worked out for the amusement of the visitors at coun try houses. Imallow used to entertain his guests by the edifying spectacle of inebriated noblemen tied to the sails of a windmill going at full speed. After a few minutes' revolu tion in mid-air they were released, sobered but half dead with fright. A piece of fun, greatly appreciated, consisted In sewing men Into bearskins and watching their movements as they vainly tried to evade the infuriated onslaught of the dogs which were let loose upon them. A wintry sport, which found equal favour, was the sight of a thinly-clad 1 man being dropped in and out of a succession , of water-tanks, hewn for the purpose In the ! Ice on some frozen river or lake. Much j amusement, too, was caused by stripping a man, plunging him Into a barrel of tar, roll ing him in a large heap of feathers, and, In this condition, triumphantly conducting him through the near lying villages, to the beat ing of- many drums." THE FREED SERFS. The peasant Is no longer a beast of burden, to be kloked hither and thither at the will of 'his owner. Since the year 1802 his position, from a legal point of view, has undergone a complete change, though, materially speaking, his lot In life has not altered. He is still ground down to the earth by terrible poverty; his education shines by Its complete absence; his serf-born Instincts cling around him like unhealthy vapours, and his chief enemy Is his own lethargy. His freedom came to him with overwhelming unreality. He was in formed that he was no longer a slave — a slave to obey, to endure, to accept. Freedom— It Is a great word, It Is a noble word, it is a word full of possibility, full of soul-lnsplring light. But to the blind the light of day has no mean ing, and to the Russian peasant the very fact of standing alone, hl3 own master, cowerB Mm Into trembling silence. He cannot grasp the situation. His dwarfed mind cannot travel with the rapidity of calculation. He remains almost stationary on the level of his fore fathers. Like them, he drowns his Borrows In vodkl, and chants his joys In the verBe of his people. His demands on lite are Incred ibly small. His calm acceptance of fate Is a noble feature in the surrounding squalour. He complains but rarely. He goes his way as others have done before him, dumbly, as a mute animal, bending his back to the inevit able, worshipping his God and Ills Tsar, fit ' —————— 