HERE AND THERE. Some nice showers of rain fell in our district this week. Residents of Burrowa are trying to get a troop of the 1st Australian Horse established in their midst. We wish them success. A small piece of cotton wool moistened with my Toothache Tinetare and applied to your toothache will relieve the pain instantly. Try it. W. Taylor, Chemist, Murrumburrah. Mr Webber's store at Harden has changed hands, Mr Park being the now proprietor. Mr T Rose is the first to announce him- self as a candidate for the Federal Electorate that includes Murrumburrah and Harden. The candidate is no stranger in these parts, as he was a dealer here 20 years ago. He has represented Argyle for 10 y ears, and over a thousand of his constituents asked him to stand for the Federal Parliament. Prompt to act, sure to cure. The first dose begins the cure. Wild Cherry Cough Balsam, the best known remedy for Coughs, Colds, etc. W. Taylor, Chemist, Whilst some workmen were digging out some earth to make an underground tank in the Young Goal, recently, they struck a pretty rich vein of gold. That alight cold of which you think so little may lead to serious trouble with the lungs. Avoid this result by taking Wild Cherry Cough Balsam. W. Taylor, Chemist, Murrumburrah. In the Legislative Assembly last Tuesday night, the Colonial Secretary, in answer to Mr Nielson, said that a sum of money would be placed on the Estimates for the purpose of establishing an additional regiment of Austra- lian Horse. There were 120 applications from districts to form branches of the regiment. A fine head of hair is an indispensable element of beauty. The Australian Hair restorer maintain youthful freshness and luxuriance, prevent baldness and removes dandruff. W. Taylor, Chemist, Murrum- burrah. Host O'Connell, of the Federal Hotel, Harden, was in Sydney again last week judging for the Sydney Coursing Club. Probably Jack has no superior as a coursing judge in the colony, and being strictly honest in his decisions, dog owners can always depend on getting a straight 'go' at his hands, Coughs, Colds, Bronchitis and all throat and lung diseases are effectually treated with Wild Cherry Balsam. To neglect the use of proper remedies is to induce consumption, which is said to cause one-sixth of the mortality of the world, W. Taylor, Chemist, Murrumburrah. Our local Council Chambers are by no means the most comfortable in the colony. In wet weather the western wall becomes terribly damp near the windows, whilst in the hot weather the room would literally roast you in the afternoon. A verandah right round, or at least on the western side, of the building would make the place much more comfortable. Great Cæsar's Ghost ! poor wasted frame, That once full vigor did possess, Can't be a man in else but name, His cough has brought him such distress. The undertaker smiles to think Next winter's cold he'll not endure, Oh ! ne'er die, but take a drink Of W E Wood's Great Peppermint Cure. Meeting of ladies in connection with the Mechanics' Institute Flower Show was held last Wednesday, when Mesdames Dickson, J Bradford, Mitchell and Mills, Good support was promised, and the meeting adjourned until next Wednesday afternoon at 4 o'clock in the Council Chambers TO THE DEAF — A rich lady, cured of her Deafness and Noises in the Head by Dr. Nicholson's Artificial Ear Drume, gave £5000 to his Institute, so that deaf people unable to procure the Ear Drums may have them free. Address No. 335D The Nicholson Institute, Longcott, Guunersbury, London, W. 