The Blessed Virgin Mary. THE IDEAL OF WOMANHOOD. Tho world is govornod moro by idoals than by idoas ; it it is influenced moro by living, oonoroto modols than by abstract) prinoiploH of virtue, Tho models! held up to Christian womon is not tho Amnxon, glorying in her martial deeds and prowoBB j it is not tho Spaitan ?woman who, mado female porfootion consist in tho development of physical strength at tno oxnoiiBQ 01 lomimno uuoorum aim modesty } it is not tho goddoss of impure love, like Venus, whoso votaries rognrd boauty of form and personal charms as tho highest/ typo of female oxoellonao j nor is it tho goddess of Imperial will liUo Juno, No j tho modol hold up to woman from tho vory dawn of Christianity ifi tho pourloss Mother of our Blessed Reueomor. She is tho patiorn of virtue alike to maidon, wlfo and mother, Sho oxhlbits tho virginal modesty boooming the muld, tho conjugal fldolity and loyalty of tho spouBo, and tho untiring dovotuduoBs of tho mother. Tho Christian woman ia ovorywhuro con frontod by hor gruat modol. Mary's portrait gazuB down upon hor from tho wall. Hor name is ropoatud in tho pugoo of tho book before hor. Her oulogy 1h pronouncod from tho pulpit. Altars and tomplcm are dudi oatod in hor honour. Festival are cele brated in hor pralso. In a word, tho Virgin 1 Mother ia indelibly stamped on tho intol loot, tho heart, tho memory, and tho imagina tion of tho Christian daughter. Tho inlluonoo of Mary, thoroforo, in tho moral elevation of woman can hardly bo ovorustiiiiatod, Sho is tho porfuoli oomhlna tiou of all that,ia groat and good and noblo in I'aijjun womanhood, with no alloy of degradation. Hers 1h exquisite boauty, but) a beauty more of tho soul than of tho body ! it do lights without intoxicating, Tho oontein piatlon of hor oxoibus no inward robollion, aa too often happens with Clroolaninodi'la, Hho 1h tho mothor of fair lovo devoid of sickly BonUmontality or aensuality. In hoi1 wu find foroo of will wltliout pndo oi1 imporlouanoss, Wo find in hor moral utrongbh and hot'olsm without tho sacrifice of female graoo and honour— a Inh'oImii of aUonb suliarlng rathor than of noisy action, What Spartan mother over displayed ouch fortitude iva Mary exhibited at tho foot of thooroaH? It HooniH to mo that nomo writers are dia poaorl bo lay unduo Hbroaa on tho admlrablo and tondor quallbloa of Mary and of holy Christian women without dwelling suffi ciently on tho strong and robust points of their character. Tho Holy Sonpture in ono placo pronounoeB a lengthened eulogy on women. Whut does the Holy Ghost ospooially admiro iji her ? Not her sweet and amiablo temper or her gentle disposi tion, though of oourBo bIio possesses those qualities, tor no woman is porfeot without them. No ; Ho admires her valour, oourngo, fortitude, and tho sturdy virtue of self rolianoo. Ho doeB nob fay, ' Who shall find a gentle woman,' but rather ' Who shall find a valiant woman ?' Ah bhings brought from afar and from tho uttermost coasts is tho prico of hor. It is only heroic virtues practical in a horoio degree bhab bho Church ORI10!li/,liH, After our Lord Jesus Christ, no ono has over oxeroisod so Balutary an influonoo as tho Blessed Virgin on society, on tho family, and on tho individual. The Mothor of Jobub oxoroisoB throughout tho Ohrlntlan commonwealth bhab hallowing iniluonco which a good niobhor wields over bho Christian family. Whab tomplo or ohapol, how rudo so ovor it may bo, is nob adorned with a puinting or a statue of tho Madonna? What house is nob ombollished with an imago of Mary V What Gatholio child is a atranger to her familiar faoo? Tho priest and tho layman, tho scholar and the illiterate, tho prlnao and tho peasant, the mother and tho maid, acknow ledge hor benign away. And if Christianity is so fruitful in oomparison with paganism in conjugal fidelity, in fomalo purity, and in tho reHpoot paid to womanhood, those bless ingB are in no Bmall measure duo to tho foroo of Mary's all-porvadlng example and inlluonoo. Ever ainou tho son of God ohoso a woman to bo HIh Mother, man looks up to woman with a honmgo akin to veneration. Tho poot Lungful low pays tho following brlbuto to Mary's nmnitifying Iniluonoo ??— This is indeed tho hlonsml Mary's land, Virgin and Mother of our dear Redeemer 1 All hearts aro bouuhud and softonod at hor namo j Allko tho bandit with bho bloody hand, Tho priest,, tho prlnoo, tho scholar and tho peasant, Tho man of doods, tho visionary droanior, Pay homngo bo hor as ono over prosonb I And If our faith had given us nothing moro Than this oxamplo of all womanhood, So mild, so merciful, so strong, so good, 8o pat lent, peaceful, loyal, loving, puro, This were enough to prove it higher and truer Than all tho orooda tho world had known before, Sb, AmbroHo givoa tho following beautiful ploburo of Mary's llfo buforo hor oopouaala i '?Lob bho llfo,' ho nayn, 'of tho BJouaod Mary bo ovor present to you, in whioli, aa in a mirror, tho beauty of chastity and tho form of virtuo shine forth, Sho waB a virgin not only in body, but in mind, who never sullied the puro afl'ootion of hor heart by un worthy foellngs, Sho was humble of heart, serious in hor oonvorsabion, fonder of read ing than of speaking. She plaoed hor confi dence rather in tho prayer of tho poor than in tho riches of this world. She waB ever intent on hor ocoupations, and aoousbomed to make God,, rather than man, tho witness of hor thoughts. Sho injured no ono, wished well to all, revorenood ago, yielded nob to envy, avoided all boasting, followed the dic tates of reason, and loved virtuo. When did sho sadden her parents oven by a look '! There was nothing forward in hor looks, bold in her words, or unbecoming in hor actions. Her oari'lago waB not abrupt, hor gait not indolent, hor volco not potulant, bo that hor very appoarauoo was tho ploturo of her mind and tho flguro of pioty. Hor lifo as a spousa and aa a mothor was a counterpart of hor earlier yoars. Such is tho boautlful portrait which tho Church holds up to tho oontomplation of hor ohildren, that, atudying it, bhoy may ad miro, bho original, admiring bhoy may love, loving bhoy may imibuto, and thus by tho constant dnily contemplation of tho highest, most porfoot ideal of womanhood, booomo moro near to God by bolng made ' conform able to tho imago of His Son,' of whom Mary la tho moat porfeot mirror,-- Cardinal Gibbons in ' Harper's Bazar.' Purity and simplicity aro tho two wings with whioli man soars above the earth and all bomporary naburo, Simplicity is in tho intention, purity in tho affection j ulmplioity turns to God ; purity unitos with and onjoys Him. If thou hadst simplicity and purity thou wouldst bo able to comprehend all things without error, and bohold them wlbhoub datigor, Tho puro hoarb safoly per vades nob only Hoavon bub boll. Work is an incarnation of the unseen. In thla loom man's aoul ia inado. 'I'horo ia a subtle maohlnory behind it all, working, while ho is working, making or unmaking bho unsoon in him, Integrity, thoroughness, honesty, accuracy, aonaoiontiouanoaa, faith fulness, pationco ~- bhoao unuoon things which complete a aoul aro woven Into its inner work, Apart from work those things aro not, Aa tho conductor loudu into our norvos tho invisible electric foroo, so work oonduotu into our spirit all high forooa of character, all oiisuntiiil quallblos of life, truth, in tho inward parts, , , - Tho spiritual fluids and tho olootrlo lluldi) aro under tho samo law, and moBiiagos of Brace come to tho aoul along tho linou of onoat work, like tho invinalblo moatmgo along tho telegraph lints. 