& GREAT WRONG ; OB, THE HT8TEMT OJ r BLACK HOLLOW ORANGE. OHABTEB XXn. — (OoRzumBb.) Threading a dark street, with the damp wind in his teeth, and his heart torn with hitter memories, a woman's cry for help startled him. He dashed forward, following the di rection of the sonnd, and a few blocks off in the shadow of a projecting roof, he panght right of a woman straggling in the hands of a tramp. ' Yon villain 1" thundered Sir Harry, Inridng a diVe at' his throat, bnt the tramp eluded his gr&Aj;)' and fled, leaving hiayfc tim" panting ahu faint with terror. BheTwas a tall, slim woman, in a flowing mantle of black ' "yjpjfe, madam, that I was in time.to tave ydu frqm ihjniy 7" < The woman turned her white, affrighted (acq toward him, and put forth a slender hand. . . ' I thank yqu sir," she began, bnt his biy of amizetnent cut her short. I ' Merciful heavens !" he gasped, catch ing at her arm, "am I in a dream, or do the dead come back V Sir Harry Tresham 1" His name broke from her lips in a tone .of startled regret, and wrenching her arm from fas hold She was hnnying away. hera 'f ' "Sir HhriyTTreshkmv now dare you? Unhand mo this instant." " YHe only held hSk all jhe more securely. ' " Miss Trqyethon t It is you, and alira ! Thank Heaven 1" His -oice btoke ritaojst into sobs, so great was his emotion. '."Leoore stood twssive, a smile lighting jiale face. tevAYes, Sir Harty. I efi|4here is no hope ra Cpiining away nam yrm, ahe <ui(Wered. Bat whatpdoes Vt "meant" he de- riandpd;; 'Vfor Hqaveps sake, speak. ICra'Trti'efhbtfetpnly yottetdayl saw you boried, and to-nhtl meet yon hero." f: Her blue fesfiaihed with a sort of Osny lot lUMs, Sir Bbny? I am not a ghost, hence vou did not see me buried yeatord/?' He caught her hand and kissed it in his rapturous delight. I- "Youare jflive ! there is some mistake. Oh, Miss Tftvetbap, this is the happiest day of my life." She laid hey ajim, edit hand on his arm, looking up at him>ith her grave, plead ing eyes. "Yes, th'ere is .a miileke— a great Secret, far Hayry ylfach yon have found bnt, and I ath so riyb I meant to keep tho. truth all to mysefferbut since we have met) yon will keep, "of coarse, the secret 1st my asking?" f '' Asiurediy. I think there is nothing yon could ask of me that I wocld deny, Miss Trevetbon. ' Bat, I beg your par- pardon, I do not quite understand." , " Let us walk on together, and I will explain. I am stopping not far off, and being somewhat of a stranger in London, I lost my way in the fog this evening, which accounts for my being out so late. Sir Harry, I am very grateful to you." Hesbook from head to foot with ex citement and emotion as he gave her his arm. " For what, Miss Trevethon ? Because you have made me the happiest man in England 1 Half an hour ago I believed you dead and buried under the dreary marbles at Lyndith Hall, aud to me life was not worth the living. Now, I look upon your living face, and——" Thelittle trembling hand left his arm, She u4 eyes filled wxth tears. \- — Six' fiSDjr, siey , iV In tO⪙ ,WBy9 .Abo implored. . u yon do X xnuit run away from you this minute, and I am ao miserable, so utterly alone, so sorely in need of a friend. Help me ana keep my secret" The rapturous glow faded from his eyes, for something in the look of hers told him that the hope he cherished was a vain one. He answered her like tbe man he was. " You shall have no need to ran away from me, Miss Trevethon. And now tell me what your secret is." "You have surely guessed. I live, and I am not Richard Trevethon's wife." "Miss Trevethon ! Then there must have been vile falsehood and treachery. Can Sir Geoffrey have perpetrated this Ereat duplicity in order to secure and old your fortune ?" She bowed in assent. " And you have suffered the world to believe it? Miss Trevethon, I cannot understand." " No matter ; you understand enough. I wish the world to believe it." He turned upon her in dire amaze. " You wish the world to believe it ; you intend to let this shameful plot suo- seed. Is that what you mean, Miss Trevethon t" " Precisely that, Sir Harry." j " And yon will let Sir Geoffrey Treves ihon lie to tbe world, and cheat it with a! mock funeral, in order to hold your' wealth ? You are willing to give up your! iiauie »uu juui uukiuiKUi<i 4U18B Ucro-i thont" " Yes, I intend to do all that." J Her voice was steady, and the hand on: his arm lay quiet and pulseless. The> young man looked at her in sheer amaze-! ment. .( "Hiss Trevethon, what can you'j mean." " Just this, Sir Harry. I could not obey my father's last command and wishi and marry Richmond Trevethon, and' (hereby secure to him the fortune which: should be his ; and since they have! planned and plotted this immense fraud,: I have no wish to expose it. I mean that they shall have it all their own way. They and the world believe me dead, and to them dead henceforth I will re main;' then (he fortune will be theirs,; and in part, at least, my father's wish will be observed." yi" Gjrerip your name, Miss Trevethon . Aour fortune; everything 1 BvHritven,'' " it shall not bel Before' tius timB :ltov morrow all London shall ring with the atory, and Sir Geoffrey Trevethon shall be dridt with according to his deserts." " Nay, Sir Harry ; the secret is mine, and at my asking you will surely keep it? Oh, pray, do not deny me the sole kind ness I have ever asked of youJ Help me in this my hour of sore trial. Keep my ecret, Sir Harry, and bg my friend." Always your friend. Miss Trevethon," fie answered, utterly litupanned by her entreating manner, bqJ tiiL grass fraud and injustice should be exposed." I do riot desire it. For my sake. Sir Harry, you will be silent ?" "For your sake, Miss Trevethon, I would willingly do even more than that. But ia the world to lose yon utterly ?" " The world can well do without me," oho answered, with a mournful 'smile; It will scarcely miss me. I shall leave England ina fewdays, never to return.- fclTT Cagbt ber qnd held it «W \- syos burning down upon hes "Miss Trevethon, .it shall be so you say ; I will keep your secret. You shall die to the world if you will, but live for me. When you leave England) let it -be as my dear wife. I asked yoii once lie- fore, and you denied- me. 1 ask you fds. Have .pity on a love, 'Lenore, which "Tiever " swerves, ' never forgets, whether you live er ' die. . 'Give up' yolii heritage ; I have auotber for you. Re- linqtush your name and take mine. We 11- leave England together, and in Borne far land, with every wish of your hear! fulfilled, you shall leara to love me Lenore, you must love me when once you are my wife. -Have no fears, hesitate no longer, but lay your dear hand in mine and say it shall bo so." She looked at him with briming eyes. " From my very soul, I wish I could Sir Harry." "You can, Lenore." " Nay, forgive me, I cannot." " And why!" A sudden crimson stained her' white face ; her head drooped, her clear eyei fell. " Miss Trevethon, I am answered,' said the young man, gravely. "You love another." Sbe was silent, burning blushes still mantling her cheeks. He walked beside her, silent also, until they reached the door of the lodging- house. " Miss Trevethon," he said then " you will at least permit me to be your friend. Indeed, I think yon asked that much oi me. Now tell me what I can do ? If you cannot love me, surely you will show me to do some little kindness for you " Yes ; you shall keep my secret. Is there nothing else.1" cony ; "There is hut one thing. Come' in" nd I will tell you." He followed her into the plain llttli sitting-room she occupied. "You will think me very childish, very silly, no doubt," she began th moment they were seated, but 1 cannm help it. I should have been out of England long ago but for this feeling oi fancy, or whatever it is that possesses me. Sir Harry, you remember our eummei trip to the Highlands ?" "I do, assuredly." " Well, while there, the day that you and Sir Geoffrey were deer-stalking, 1 ran off and weut to the Black Hollow Grange.' "To the Haunted Manor?" " To the Haunted Manor. I had a mind to ask you to go with me, and I wish I had done ao. I went alone, en tered the old house alone, and there, Sir Harry, I saw the ghost. Don't laugh at me, pray, and don't say that I was ibis- taken. 1 saw it just as plain as I see you this minute." "And what maimer of thing was it, Miss Trevethon ?" " An old man. I saw his face clearly ; a fine, pale face, with a long white beard, just like the Trevethon portraits at Lyn dith Hall- " " Did yon speak to it T' " No ; I'm ashamed to tell you what I did. I got frightened and fainted, and afterward ran away, and I have so bit terly regretted it." "My dear Miss Trevethon, why? You surely do not believe in the popular legend that peoples the old house with ghosts? The old man you saw was a rambler of some sort." She shook her head with sad, sober eyes. "Nay, I think not, the face was a peculiar one. You've heard the old story, Sir Harry — the mystery of my poor father's fate ?" "I have, Miss Trevethon." "Well, all my life long I have felt somehow that the due was in that old manor ; and now, ever since I saw that face, oh, Sir Harry, I cannot rest day or night. It haunts me incessantly, until now I think that it was my poor father's face, and that he has been shut up in that oia miuic mil uioss years.' S«hr Blfiw .TreVethon, Prtt ooolcl .'«<«#> - "Tbe notion haunts me all the same I must know ; I must solve the. mystery, or 1 shall go mad. I have thought to gc again, I was to go last week, yesterday, to-day, but somehow my resolution always fails me — the old place is so deso late and " She paused, a painful crimson flooding all her drooping face. The young n a i regarded lier curiously. "You would like me to go in your stead, Hiss Trevethon, and investigate this mystery?" She looked up with eloquent eyes. "Oh, Sir Harry, if you would. "I'll start in the next train, and i< there's a mystery in the old house, II unravel it. Aud now, as I've a few hur ried preparations to make, I must bid yov good-evening. Ou my return I shall fine you here ?" — - - " You will find me here. Sir Harry how shall I thank you ?" " I'll tell you when I get back. Good bye. Hiss Trevethon." He pressed her hand, bowed, and wai gone. " Such a noble heart," sighed Lenore as she watched him down the raim street ; and I, what a miserable, nn womanly 'fool I am." And sinking down upon a sofsjshe hi her proud face in her hands and wept ir jigg grid bitterness. CHAPTER XXtIL SIS. SSOB-ET VASSASK. nItwill go hard with me if I fail to find some loop-hole," he had said ; but search and grope as he might, no loop-hole oould be found. And at last, after tumbling aud falling and bruising his hands against the thiok (rails, he had given over, and eat down in u tter despair. The walls were solid, and chore was no sign of door or window, the nly egress being the closed trap door far ibove. How many days and nights had gone by he could not tell — an eternity it seemed. He was growing alarmingly weak from hunger, and a fierce pain, produced by the dampness, racked his T&ere; was but one hope for him, the hope Of. dei Apd jJthe . sooner ;jt joame fiodifVileBsedM'nijri.jbiataLgony.'rHte- better. ' - i--?.'-- " ' And yet it was hard to die thus, in ifi very prime of hie manhood ; to lie there and starve and rot in the > darkness, apd xhe world never know aught of his fate? He bowed his burning temples ton his clasped hsrids, ' and a great sob cf paiq ind despair shook him . JShe would live, he only woman he adored, and amile in rer ineffable loveliness, andgive her sweet .ore kisses $o some happy lover, while he should lie there unlwgentod, mid perhaps unremembered. The though Yps very bitter His bowed head fell lower, and sob aftef sob shook the strongman uptilhetrombled like a reed. . " Heaven have merey_ on me," . he gyoaned aloud, " and if I am to drink this bittpy pup, let me drain it quickly I" SomeHiihg'ijko the sound of a human voice answered hima strange, hollow sonnd that seemed to issue from the soljri floor beneath him. y. - . Ambrose started to his feBt) \he p«- ; spi ration .breazir gnat upon him in cold drops, his eyre glaring into the thick black gloom. " What was that ?" he demanded. The hollow sound was repeated, an 1 after .it came a succession of taps. The yonng man stood and listened, the im penetrable darkness all about him. " What's that ?'.'. he again demanded, the tremor of a great horror running through his voice. The rapping grew louder, a rasping sort of crash followed, and Ihen some subtle instinct warned. Ambrose that he was no longer alone ! Some living creature was near him. Never till his dying day did the young man forget the sensations of that moment. A horror, that was unutterable fell upon him, and the very hair on his head seemed to rise. What presence was it that he felt so near him? By a great effort he com manded his voice. Heaven's name, what are you T' ha A toft stop (trnok the damp floor. ' You art there, are you ? ' answered s pleasant voice ; "and in utter darkness, too 1 Why, Where's your lutfem ? Put out by the foul air, thohgb; bf course. .Whew ! what a stenoh, and dark as Erebus I One might as well atop into a grave I You've found the time tedious, no doubt, and I couldn't get here one minute sooner." - "In Heaven's name, who are yea?" again demanded Ambrose. - " Who am I ? Well, King Lear, at your service, as I told you once before. I've not forgotten you, Mr. Gerhart ; I knew you in an instant. Your face is a yeiy striking one. I saw you- when you went down, and I should have stopped fato.JmtTwai cartons to see what you were after. I didn't think a soul but my self knew of that secret passage from the death-room. How came vou hy your knowledge, turd what took you down here ?" " No matter now," exclaimed Ambrose. " If you are a human creature like my self help me, I beg, to get-Out of this hor rible pit," A peal of mirthful laughter filled the vault with weird echoes. "A human creature? Indeed I am. Did you take me for a ghost ? I'll wager my head you did now. Ha, ha, ha ! A fine joke that. No, -young man, I'm not a ghoBt as yet ; I'm good for a dozen years to come, if I dou't lose my breath before we're out of this. Gome, now, give me you band ; it is time we were moving." The touch of human finger thrilled ever nerve in Ambrose Gelbart's body with delight. " Heaven bless you, you are human !" he cried, clasping and holding the hand that had sought his in the darkness, "and you have come to set me free." " Precisely, sir. And you may thank your stars that I happened to see you, for no other man alive, I take it, knows the secret of the underground entrance. Come, now, here we sire 1 Softly, softly, step by step. We are going down, you see. We shall get a firm footing pre sently. If we only had a light-" Ambrose permitted himself to be led on to a sort of aperture in the floor, from which a few stops led downward to some subterranean chamber even darker aud closer than the one they had left " Here we are," said his companion, as their feet touched the ground. "Now all you have to do is to follow me. The tunnel is straight aud safe, but it is very tedious: You'll fancy yourself neariug the neighborhood of London before you emerge into the daylight. Once out of this scrape I'd advise you to keep out, for you have had a narrow escape. If the question is fair, young man, what did firing you down here ?" " The question is fair enough. I came down in search of the Mystery of the Black Hollow Grange, and I found it, i too." King Lear wheeled round and faoed him in the narrow way. .do too mean?" he demanded-i ing for the yellow roll in his breast. "A eoon as we. strike daylight you shall know. You forgot that I have been without food or drink for — Heaven only knows how long. In a few min utes more my strength will give out. In silence the two pursued their way through the black, underground tunnel. A violent thunder storm and the suns mer day closing in. Sir Harry Tresham, sitting in his saddle on the lone heath, had his first sight of the Black Hollow Grange. Since his boyhood he had heard of it and of its mystery, and now for the first time his eyes beheld it. " And that's the Haunted Manor 1 What a ghostly old place 1 And to think that Miss Trevethon ventured to come here alone. No wonder ahe was fright ened. Of course there's nothing under the black turrets worse than bats aud . rats, hut it is rather a forlorn old nest to look at. One wouldn't quite fancyaleep- ing there-such a night as this, with this confounded storm about his ears. I'll defer my investigations till to-morrow, and seek shelter in some adjacent 1"" To-uiottow I'll make a fresh start, and it there's a gliost on the premises, 111 make uis acquaintance I'll s s ArevetnoD b mind shall be bet at rest. Softly now, Ratt ler." - : 'But Rattler would not be soothed. The thunder peal that shook the Mis, and immediately succeeding a lurid -blaze of lightning, grade him cower and tremble beneath hit rider. - In the next breath, with distended nostrils and flattened ears, he threw up his head, and darted off at a oiad gallop/ " Rattler, softly now," coaxed Si Harry, vainly tugging at the bit. The horse flew on as if he had gone mad. Across the grounds, through the black hollow, and sheer down the rocky Icscent. The wind took Sir Harry's hat and whirled it away ; the lightning flashed in his eyes, the thunder deafened him. And in went the terrified horse, defying rein ir curb. They made the dangerous descent, and therider hafl kept his Beat; but just lwWpBS8SHi®Sto'' iwlnrr ledge.:. Battier leaped over it like a whirlwind, and Sir Henry was whirled arm: Rattier5 bead, stplaog the hard earth beyond eo violently that he lay there motionless. The horse flew on ' cross toe windy moots, utterly regard- -leas of the fallen rider. fTohecmdinned.) The prodnet of a singie pair of sparrows, i| .each pair should 'have 24 young in a. year and all lite, . would in . 10 years nnmtas 275,716,983,69843 inla. '-Thebiid hatches 5 or« broods in a year, and produces from 4 to fl yqiijjnAbrood.: J 'Swiss 'mountaineer? "call through their speaking tubes at desk, .Praise tbe Lord (rod." One herdsman starts the call, and his neighbors from every peak echo it. Ttie -sounds are prolonged hy reverberation from one mountain to another: After short period which is supposed to have been devoted tg prayer a herdsman calls "Good- night." This, too, is repeated, and as darkness falls, each retires to his hat. These calls may be beard for miles, and are re-echoed from the rock forsmp SWCtto titer the' original fall tm died away — - 