WAYH OF IjIVINC:*. 'NEWSPAPER FBiUDS, UNLIMITED' 'Tho fraudulent odvertiaoment is a hardy poronnial, aa diflloult to kiU ns a hoalthy ghost or a falso tradition,' ro markod a magistrate's olerk to the writor not long sinco. 'There is no rooting it ont, and whilst tho vigilance of the polioo and of nowspnper mon is cutting it down m oao uirocuon, iu is boginning to flourish in another/ Ho spoko pOBflimiBtloally — as perhaps* considering tho droary nature . of hia duties, waa natural onough ! but fow will diaputo tho justico of. his next observa tion. . ' Tho only practicable way of checking tho evil, apart from proseoutiona/ he said, 1 is by rqpoate^ exposure in the preaB, thus enabling at loast tlie nowspapor roading portion of tho publio to judgo for thomsGlvoB what paragraphs aro probably or poRaibly swindtos.' . Aftor complimenting the ? Saturday Journal' on certain exposures of this kind which havo from time to timo ap peared in its columns, tho oflloial pro* ceodod to dotail such instances of adver tising frauds as had come tinder his notico. From among thoao I select a few of the; most ingonioua and aud impudent for in clusion horo, beforo passing on to relate tho hiatory of a gigantic conspiracy of tho MABVELS OF VALUE! Must bo cleared! SEWING-MACHINES for calo at a RIDICULOUS FIGURE ! No toy or Brummagem goods, but a real well-mado Sowing Machine, guaranteed to stitch . smoothly and well, Price only 2a. tid., by post Ss, * All maohines returned as defective will bo promptly exchanged froo of charge. This offer, emanating from a larg« hard waro centre in the Midlands, mot with a liberal roaponao. Thoae whom it induced to part with their money realised that tho 'ridiculous figure* was their own, whon tlioy rocoivod in oxohftngo— -an ordinary sewiflg-noedle/ No losa audacious was tho following SMOKY CHIMNEYS ! Smoky Chimneys! Why Buffor in health and temper from thia intolerable nuisance when a remedy can bo cheaply obtained P We Win luc-wuru our patent TUiJUJUait SMOKE-GUIDE to any addroas on recoipt of 3s. 6d. iu stamps. Never fails to act. Warranted for two years. Tho 'smoko- guido' which applicants ob tained provod to bo a oommon briar pipo. Genuine and ouccossful inatancon of swindles of thia typo might bo multiplied, but thoy all present practically tho samo general features — a carefully vague offer, and ontiro roliauco on tho gullibility of tho public. A moro curious illustration of tho lattor characteristic was affordod by thiB a8 tounding offer in a country wookly newu papor. Only tho namea havo boon altered : — % WINSTANTON Town Hall. — On Saturday evening noxt, at 8 o'clock precisely, PROFESSOli MAKCESI, the 'renowned lovitator and equilibrist, will give hia world-famous performance, in tho course of which ho will mount to the*roof, unaided, by succosaivo leaps in the air. Wli?a ? £ j.\\._ ? i ? iuio iom», iimuug tao uuruuux-s of tho univorao, deponda for -its auccoaa upon the Professor's secrot and exclusive disco Tory of a method of demagnetisation from tho power of gravity. Admission, by ticket only, Os., 2s. 6d., Is. -A reduction for families and parties. Tickets may be ob tained half-price if purchased boforo Friday next, from. Professor Marcesi, 14, Lyons Street. In its concluding wntenoe lay the real reason for the insertion. Tlio Professor^ having secured considerable patronage on half-price -terms, vanished from hislodg ings(Whether by lovifcafcioa or other means) in tho small hours of the Friday morning, with the money of tho too-confiding readers whom his preposterous advertise ment had deceived. ? Lest country readers should resent tlio i seoming slight upon thoir intelligence I inirtliad hxr «. a uj kiio «»uuvu, aou iuu aui/jrpubu with a hoax no.. Jess successfully per petrated on Londoners some twelve months ago. One of the mushroom wooklios that spring up from time to time in the Metropolis, to grace a remote cornor of the bookstalls for a few weeks and thou vanish, inserted a curious and fraudulent notice in a conspicuous corner of each issue : — LS.L.A. Authors, journalists and ? others dosirous of obtaining this diploma Bhould apply to tho Socrotary, eio. The fact that 'this diploma' is unknown to fame, did not provont many persons — the prosont writor among thorn — from ask ing how it could bo obtained. Hero is the reply to applicants : — f ' Society of Loudon Authors. ' Dea.b Sie, — Iu roply to your enquiry, the Committee of this Societyareprepared' to grant thoir Litorato diploma to a limited numbor of persons who can fur nish satisfactory proofs of thoir connection with the London Press. ' ' If you doairo the ' distinction? and will forward with your application a copy of any article, story, poem, etc., you may havo contributed to a magazine or other publication issued in London, I shall bo glad to place your name baforo tho Com mittee. If the.. contribution is unsigned, a written stat«inont of your authorship is' OBBential. ' I nesd hardly point out tho advantages accruing to a member of the literary pro fession from his association with this Society. ' Yours faithfully, ' 'P.S. — A Begiatrntion Fee of two guineas should accompany your applica tion. It will be returned in the event of your proving unsuccessful.' The careless reference in the postscript is delightful it ia aa though the question of the feo - had -almost, oacapod Mr. W — r H ? 's attention altogether. Apart from the obviously intentional copying in tne Society's title, of that well-known body the Society of Authors, tho tenor of tho whole letter ie*not exactly calculated to inspire confidence. It is, in fact, & clover appeal to the weakness of not a few persona for the luxnry of a string of letters after their names. Those — and they wore many — who parted with thoir two guineas, did not receive even the worthless diploma their vanity coveted. - For, the Society of London Authors, its mission — that of 'raising the wind'— being accomplished, quiotly and unostentatiously subsided. Other instances must bo omittod as the space is insufficient for tho doings of other concern^. 