CHAPTER XXXVIII.-FORGIVEN NESS. Cecil .went back to Scarsneld next day, but it -was TwSfc possible for him to remain there contentedly. Ia a few days he was back again; and although. Lenore's demean or was still unchanged, he made up his mind that foe could not leave her yet; he would stay, in Bournemouth until Cissy was stronger,' and if his wife were implacable, he would- then make some definite arrange ? ment for -her. to remain away from him. It was hardly possible, however, for him to stay in Bournemouth without dis covering the "fact of Ruby's presence..Le Bore had never met 'her because she went out so little, and because her rooms were in a different part of the town from that wtich Magdalen had chosen;; but Cecil's only _ occupation was to take long walks, and in the course of one of these walks he came one day full upon Miss Lingard and .Miss Riiby Roslyn. He 'had1 never been more startled in his life. She was dressed in bla-dk; her face was thin and write, her eyes were "haggard and hollow. She was a wreck of her former sslf. To Cecil she looked like one newly risen from the dead. Involuntarily he 'haif-stopped; his lips parted as if to speak; but she passed him raipidly, silently, like a ghost. It had not needed- the touch of Magdalen's hand to impel her fonvard; she had not wanted r to pause. The sight of Cecil Brandon now filled her with remorse and shame. \- He felt that -he was not surprised when ' was enquiring for him at his hotel. It ?would be easy to find out from the' local newspaper where he was staying, and Cecil fancied that he knew her errand. Pro bably she had come to ask him to leave Bournemouth-on Ruby's account. He set hia teeth and said to himself doggedly that he could not do it. Nothing would induce him to leave Lenore. His wife's lodgings were close to the hotel at which he was staying, and surely his duty was to re main at lier side. He would not go. He was standing in the middle of his little private sitting-room when Miss Lin gard came in, and she was instantly struck by the look of trouble upon liis face. He bowed as she entered and gave her a chair; his manner was very different from what it had been in the old days when she had called upon Mrs. Brendon and thought him so coldly supercilious. The brooding care upon his brow left no room for affec tation or self-consciousness. Its very gravity gave Magdalen 'hope. '"I 'have come on a strange errand," she -said, without preamble of any kind. "There is one who has wronged you and wishes to ask your forgiveness." ''I have nothing to forgive," said Cecil, in surprise. "Oil, do not say so. Do not mistake me,"- responded Magdalen; "listen to my story before you speak again. Before your marriage you were ill, were you not? You were attacked upon the quay and nearly murdered. Tt was generally thought that a tramp had attacked you; but this was not 'the care. I have come to tell you who it was." "It is needless, Miss Lmgard," said Cecil, simply. "I have known this story all along." - "'lvnown?" "Yes. .Shall I give you the name of my assailant? It was James Lloyd." "Wliy have you kept silence, then?" Cecil paused for a moment, looking down. "I suppose that you know the circum stances," he said at last. "I bad no very good motive for holding my tongue, I fear; I merely wanted to keep the story quiet, knowing 'that it would tell against me is well as against poor Lloyd. I did not think of him very much; I am sorry for him now." "Then, Mr. Brendon, you will be the more ready to listen to my plea for him." "You need not plead for him," said Cecil, almost roughly. "I can guess his story. He was in the right." "I cannot think that," said Magdalen, whose eyes filled with 'tears of sympathy, as she began to perceive the burden that he was carrying; "but I can see that he was almost "mad with grief and pain, and I know that :he has suffered bitterly for his violence. [To be continued from day to day till finished.] 