"Seventy Times SeYeii. . finna«n» »x arxeun iBantmn:, v v. By ADEUNE SERQEANTi Avthor ot "The Story of a Penitent Soul," "Jncobi'e Wife,V ('.Roger Vanbrough's i 'Tfifo," "The Great Mill .Street Mystery," "A Life Sentence," V.pr.,Endic.tt's ' -Experiment," "A Rogue's Daughter," "The Luok':bf-tJia H()nM,": ' .' « Casper Brooke's Daughter," "No Ambition," &o.j; &o;, - |;eorTMOitr.J ' \- CHAPTER XXVIII.— (ftatimwdj. Max felt a throb of pleasure at these Words. She was condescending to explain to - Mm why she had ' tolerated Captain Esher so lona. " He.' may perhaps remember all that you \- have - done tor 'them,'1 -he said, searching for something that would comfort her. She shook Tier head, jj, "Ho will remember nothing," Bho an swered drearily, "except that he has; been, offended, and that the person- who offended him must be made to suffer.!' "You will suffer.' You ' will be left alone," said Max hurriedly. . "Yes." She sighed as she said the1 word. "I shall bo left alone.'.' Max lost his head. . Ho hod made up his mind what to say, and had intended to put his meaning very plainly and yet in a very reasonable manner: but ab the su preme moment his carefuDy-prexjared sen tences went coihplotely out of his mind. If- he spoke like a blundering schoolboy, his ; love waq to blame rather than his judg ment; and Magdalen, with her sore heart, . was not disposed to judge him harshly. "There is one who would give all the world to prevent your feeling sad or. lonely any more. If only. I could comfort you a little! If it would be any good to you to know that I think there is no othcr'womon like you — that I love you with my whole . heart— I ask for no other recompense; I only care to make you, if possible, a little haxipier." # She' had withdrawn her hand from his arm, and paused iii the dark road which thoy were traversing. He .could not see her face distinctly,- but, somehow, he iaiew that she was trembling. " Don't let me trouble you," he went on. " T ask for nothing that you do not wish to givo. Qnly — if ever I can. help you— if . ever you want: a friend or a helper, I am here, always ready. I dare not ask for ; more than your friendship— youp trust; j but you shall know, once and tor ail, that. I love you, and always shall love -you, to the last days of my life." : \- - His tone was dogged in its determina-" 'tion. Her silence afforded him "no hope. Her very ' attitude 'seemed to givo him the answer that lie' had dreaded; it was an attitude of doubt, almost of fear. "Mr. Brendou," she said at last, and 1 her tone Was one of distress, "I do not know what to say." "Thoro is no need to beat about the bush," he said, still doggedly, " tell me at onco that you do not Wo me, that therq is no hope for "me, and send mo about my business. I know that I had' no right to aspire to you"; it was presuniiition on my part." "No," said Magdalen in a firmer voice, "I do not think that. And yet I cannot tell you to— to — ho'po, as you phrase it. I do not intchd'to niarry. I have my work." "And is there anything in a marriagq with mo that would prevent yqu doing your work?"' ho asked. ... "I cannot think of it," she , said, still distressfully. "Don't. urge me; don't ask mo. I do not feel us if I could qvor love — again." . Tho last word came- out very slow, al- most inaudibly; but Max caught it. He . started, and kept silence. He had for gotten that she had loved a man like Philip Esher ; so different in every way from him self. Memories 6i theold story of her en gagement came back to liim. No doubt, after all, sho loved Philip Esher still I 'He was a fool. The two were still standing on the road. Now Magdalen' moved on. "Forgive mo , if I have hurt you," she said gently but very firmly.- "I did not mean to mislead you— if I haye misled you' —in tbe iiaat. ' I have hod my love-history and outlived it. I will not marry any man unless I lave him." " And you do not love me. How should you ?— I understand." They walked on silently for some little : time. Max's heart was full of grief, trouble, and bitterness ; Magdalen's pulses throbbed with . a strange pain, a strange uncertainty. : In a faltering Voice she said at lqst : ; "Let ns be friends still, Mr. Brcndon. Let us forget what you have said. You can often help and advise me ; I shall be so glad of your friendship." In her heart she said, " 1 cannot do without your friendship." But : as yet she scarcely recognised that still small voice. "I have said that is all I ask," Max an swered sadly. If my friendship is of any use to you, I shall feel honoured. If ester you want more than friendship from me, it is. yours. Call on me when you will, for -what you will." " If ever I need .you," said Magdalen gravely, "I will not forget what you have said. Here is my hand on it, Mr. Brendan. ,Wo are friends still." '- They had "reached the garden gate. He walked with her up the drive towards the front door, which, to their surprise, was standing half-open. Magdalen quickened ..her steps as she'advanced. ' A flood of light streamed from the hall ; a hum of voices was heard; the place, to their eyes; wore an' unwonted aspect. !' What caii be wrong?!! Max he$rd her rathcr breatho than, sneak. " , " My' dear,!' sqid' ofd- Becky, meeting' her at the door.' ". wo'veiha'd a" lossan'd- you will feel it sorely.' Bear up,, my ' dear ; it'll all come ry;ht ;at. last." Magdalen turned deathly pole. . "The. children ! Are they;; here— here? Let mo see tii'om !" ' ' . , ' " " Madge, dear Madge," said. Miss Jossop, throwing Uersolf tearluliy into Magdalen's, arms,- " it. was not my fault indeed! .Oh, they arc quite well, but thoir father came and said they should hovor see you again— cruol things he said of you; and he' has taken, them awav to France, 'I don't know where." . , "Taken them — already?" "Taken them, saying thoy should never' enter Scarsfield again, nor he either ; nnd no one to take care of them except £. ser vant," wailed Miss Jc3Sop. ' : -"This; is very sudden " said Magdalen, turning round to Max with the ghost of 'a smile upon her whito lips. "I- thought at least I shodid bo able to shy good- bye. I am left alone indeed." ' " Let mo help you ; what can I do?" said Max, thrilled with the sight of her sorrow as he liad never been in hor calmness. " I will bring them back to you," "No, that you'ehnnot dp." She leaned against the wall 'as though for support, ' and put her hands across her eyes. " It is' hard — God's will bo done !" . " There, there, she'll ho better how,'! said Becky, seeing the team well out from under those full eyelids. " Ail we can do Is to let her (done now. ' Good night, . sir." Max could not take the hifit without say ing another word. " Is there nothing I can do .foi you 7" he said earnestly. \- "Nothin'g." : "Then, good night." . Her. hand was stretched out to him, but she 'could not sp'egk. Ho "held, it' until Becky's: keen glance warned him to desist, and "then went out reluctantly into' tho night." " It was hard to leave her alone ta ller sorrow, : and to know that she had none to comfort her. ' ' CHAPTER XYIX. "Not Easily Jealous." . / ICiHTEEN months, changed the aspect of affairs very litfle. No |PPif/ap great event traiispireil a<i uuy 'one of the three houses with -which' tour story is conoeitaed. If lp@B®Bpi8ll any -change of- relations had lioeD brought about 'amongst ' tlje in mates of these dwellings, it topk its rinc from deeper sources than those of outward circuaistance. . 1 Magdalen Lingard was still separated from the children, who ' were "isvitiji their' father in France. Her rejection" of Philip Eshor had caused a" slight diminution:' of the friendship between hefself und hlrs.' Bt. Aidan, and Magdalen ltiissed the old kindly intercourse very keenly. She throw-herself, heart and soul, into work among the' poor; but slia had never been more lonely, seldom moro. depressed, than in the long months that followed upon the depurture of Polly and Daisy Esher. There was a blank 'in . her lifo;' she put it down to the children's absence, although at times to. suspiciou crossed her. mind 'Rnt there was another : reason for that sense, of aching emptiness. I Lenore and Cecil ." Rrendon lived tran quilly at Chalgrove; . but the tranquility i was not altogether., unbroken. - It was a \- difficult thing - tot hor . to pay constant at- tcntion to Cecil's . whims and fancies— and : these were not. few— whon site herself was 1 far from strong in 'health, and her . baby fretful "and, delicate. . A drive or a walk with him was a matter of dread to her ; for, although he was anxious not to over; tire her, he made his excursions thought lessly 'long, and hated to be reminded of her fatigue. She neither' liked to tohorten his walks nor to refuse to accompany him, though she would have shown .greater kind-" ness and real wisdom in . doing .so. But at .. present her solo idea of 'married life was 1 that tho wife should be a devoted slave ; aijd the husband' a lioblo generous master. Slip found it easy 'to play the first- role- easy, so far as feeling Was concerned, for it was ton urduous 0110 in fact; , tho diilb culty of her view lay in exalting Cecil to a sufficiently high standpoint. He was given to small worries, petty outbreaks of temper, that somewhat impaired tho heroic qualities with which his wife would fain have invested him; and when she 'wanted to sum up his virtues (which she did some times in a spirit oi extenuating tenderness rather than in exultant pride), sho was apt to decline rapidly from moral qualities to an enumeration of his tastes and 'hobbies; his love of the beautiful in house, garden, , or personal surroundings, his x>refcrence of French over English cookery, and his de- light in old china. Ho was, fond 'of his wife qiid- child, with a sorb of condescend ing' fondness ; ho" seemed not to have for gotten his own surprise at himself for lov- mg anybody so well; nnd it was evidont that he had never thrown- his whole being | into love— never known what it was to lose iight' Of :bis -own Wishes; to" hare for any other person.' Cecil was, in every respect, to half-hearted .man;' when he spoke, ho -spoke with an "arriere nenBeo;" when ho felt, he whs not sura of tho depth or lastingncss of his feeUiigs ; when he thought, he seldom arrived at definite con- clnsiqiis, or saw one side of an argument more clearly than ' the other. Ah- if to counterbalance this natural indecision, he occasionally acted- with an impetuosity that- had its rlso in utter fatigue of his own weakness! These characteristics /Were not 'rally un derstood by Lenoro. ' She herself was pe culiarly sincere and truthful; hor stan- vanced, wub one that she was always try ing to' attain. She had never tampered with her instincts of . right and' wrong. Whon she know hor duty, her impluse was to do it, rather than to find reasons for not doing it. Duty and . nuthority had never, so far, been recognised as possibly opposing elements. In her girlhood she had imagined that duty would somo day be embodied to her in the ' porson of a husband, in obeying whom she was Bure of .doin.8 tight. It did not ooohr to 'her -that her husband might require care, watchful ness. support, from herself. When she longed to rouse Cecil to a better life before her marriage, she imagined that such an awakening - could he accomplished at a stroke - and once for all. His strong reli gious feeling, manifested upon his recoveiy from illness, - caused her tp briioye that this work was done ; that, her hero was now perfqoted. From this dream there came a Bpcedy awakening- . . . ml ' « il Af . t tl. m J.Q0 CuRQgea buitb ciguiccu ihwmvuo wrought in Ursula Brandon were chiefly -for- the better. She was handsomer, cleverer, 2nd— to her mother's surprise- sweeter tempered than she- had over been before. She still worked hard at her books, but not under the guidance of Miss Quit- tenden. Ursula was emancipated from the schoolroom ; she was " out," and it 1 was not thought worth ' while to keep an cx- ?ensive governess for Bessie's sake alone, b was clear ' that Bessie had not tho strength fob hard study ; she had grown prior and weaker every month so long ns Miss Quittenden held sway in the school room. Mrs. Brendon began to seo that the child was overworked 5 and as Ursula left the schoolroom '" she consented to dismiss Miss Quittenden and give Bessie a holiday. The' respite came a little too late for Bes sie's health; she had ' developed a spinal affection which had heeii increased by the want of rest, -and it was feared' that sho would be an invalid for life. Ursula wus wonderfully patient with the crossness and irritability which the child could not help showing now - and then, and the whole family - seemed relieved at tho absence ot that somewhat too rigid censor of manners and morals, Miss Qtattenden. ' ' Max bore about with liim a quiet face but a harassed spirit. ' He hud troubles at ltome in the shape of his mother's captious fault-finding, and greater ones' abroad in his money perplexities. Parley's Chemical lYorks would; pay well in to' few years, if ho had capital enough'to bear a yearly loss until certain of his own improvements and inventions began to bo appreciated ; in the meantime the drain on his- resources was severe. He contributed a sum to tho house: keeping arrangements at home, but Mrs. Brcndon was an extravagant manager, and lie was constantly called upon to pay far more than his share, or to settle bills about 'the length of which lie remonstrated in vain. Ho rims ill able; to afford these ex penses ; for, in addition to his present out lay, there was the prospect of a greater call upon him. Captain Esher had caused law proceedings to ho instituted, against the owner of the chemical works npon the river bank, on the ground that the noxious funics from the 'chimneys had greatly in-, jured, and would still more injure, the wood upon his ' estate: Max maintained that the injuries done to the trees .liad been in flicted before he came into possession of tile works; but certainly the trees were very black and lifeless, and his chemical products were very poisonous, and he had an inner conviction that the -day would' go against him. Ten thousand' pounds was the enormous sum that Esher s solicitors demanded, andj though it was not likely thiit' Max woMd have- to pay so much, he was none the less fearful about the result ,k> third of that amotint' would cripple his business ; a loss of seven or eight -tnousMid pounds would force him to throw' up the whole concern. But he did not think things liad come to a desperate pass. He wanted to fight the lawyers fairly, and he had the stimnlus to tho conflict given by a con sciousness of. personal- amnios. -Esher was not only anxious to repair tho damage done to his estate, he wanted to ruin a man wbn'had insulted him. Foi' this result he would light," by fair means or foul, every inch of the contested ground. On this ac count Max put far more spirit, as well as far more anxiety, into his' combat with Captain Eshor's lawyers than otherwise he might have done. He saw litlie of Magdalen Lingard at this period, but he was more and more at tracted and yet saddened each timo 'he saw lier, hy the patient reticence with which she here the separation from Daisy and Dolly Courage and fortitude were two qualities that he specially valued in man or woman; and Magdalen was brave and strong beyond the couccptioim of most 1 people. And vet she never, failed' in ten derness for others, except for him. He had seen Jess of" her than ever since _ the day when she refused hiin;. and at times lie war disposed to sigh to himself in the words of Ladishnw's song — " Oh me, oh me, what frugal qlieer My Jove dotli feed upon ! A touch, a ray, that- is not here, A shadow that is gone." Yet in spite of the frugal cheer qn which it lived, his love flourished and grew aiiiie. ' to nn cnN'ttvmro. 