THE WIZARD OF WHITE CLIFFS. (.Copyright*] a WEIRD STORY ©F THE DISCOVERY ©F THE AUSTRALIAN ©PAL FIELDS. AN AUSTRALIAN NOVEL. PART VIII. BY CAPTAIN LACIE. It was not long after the arrival of . the party from Dolan Station that James Forbes and his companion took tlveir departure from the cottage. ' You'll not forget, Nora, what I asked you to promise : me;' the •manager whispered to the girl as he was about to mount his horse. • ' I'll not forget,' sh'e answered A few moments later Forbes disappeared in the fringe of scrub which lined the clearing amidst the general adieus of his friends, while Nora gazed after him with one of those inscrutable looks-which sometimes puzzled those who best knew her. That night Captain Barrass read for hours to his friends from the books he Had brought with him. He dwelt considerably on the indications of aurilerous, argentiferous, and gemnifereous bearing areas. Opal deposits in particular seemed to have a fascination for Allan Fitzgerald, for were not his magic stones composed of opal, though not the precious sort, It was nearly midnight when the party broke up, and that was an un usually late nour for the cottagers to retire. Provision had been made to accommodate the men at the bullockdray, over which a tent was spread, and the night settled down upon as contented and hopeful a party as could be found in the .universe. At daylight—and that was. only a Few hours after midnight—Captain Barrass and Fitzgerald were astir, and an early breakfast-was soon prepared. The old military man had considerable experience of sapping and mining during his active career, and he was eager to once again try his: hand at dislodging rock and earth, but under less dangerous conditions. The granite cliff near the summit of Mount Pluto was the spot on which lie had fixed his mind as most* likely to yield the best results with the least labour. The mouldering granite was pierced with fissures and honeycombed with small caves, and if properly located; one keg of the powder exploded should give good results. The desire to see the destruction wrought had almost as much to do with the captain's eagerness as the fact that riches might be found. In fact, the probabilities in the latter direction were very remote, but still there was hope of revealing something. An hour after sunrise Fitzgerald, the captain and his son, Nora, atad two other men began the ascent, carrying the powder, picks, shovels, fuse, etc. The climb was not a very difficult one, and knowing the locality so intimately, Allan Fttzgerald was able to select the ; easiest path. In less than an hour the- base of the curious cliff was reached, and then the work of selecting the most suitable spot to place the charge was entered upon. The formation extended half round the mount, and, in fact, occupied a considerable portion of the summit. There appeared to be so many suitable firing points that the difficulty was in making a selection, and it was fully two hours before such was obtained. At length the captain discovered a spot almost hidden by the dense vegetation in which grew around.: - It was in short a species of tunnel not -unlike a huge wombat hole; . After going almost horizontal for some twenty feet it turned to the •left and dipped suddenly until a narrow wedgeJike location was reached between solid rock. At this point the keg of powder wrs placed with ,the long fuse attached, and then every device known to the captain was adopted to prevent the force of the explosion working back and finding 'vent by the entrance. There was very little fear : of that owing to the formation of the ground, but in order not to lose any of the force no effort was neglected to ensure success. The task of firing the :-fuse was undertaken by Captain fiarrass, but \- no danger, attended it. / There was greater difficulty In securing a safe spot lo witness the explosion,: for the cliff appeared to be in such a crumbling state that there: was .no .guessing what the result of a 'huge explosion might be on it. v At length a supposedly secure position-' was found by the captain about three hundred yards from the centre of the charge, and one from which an excellent view could ~ be obtained. It was not .without trepidation that Nora Fitzgerald awaited the firing of the charge. The explosion of a gun ; was jthe strongest effect of gunpowder: she had:ever witnessed, tout sshe was. now to behold the power of the old monks' invention on a much -grander scale. ' As for her father,_he,regarded the attempt with his customary stoical indifference. So far as lie could read .his oracle there was little chance of fortune coming to him'in the way that Captain Barrass intended it. should. Nevertheless, the experiment might prove interesting. It was prospecting: the rocks on a gigantic scale, and that was -all. - •.:-•. • .It was not more than ten minutes after the ex-military man left the party to fire the charge that he was seen running towards them with all the speed he was capable. A hush fell upon the spectators, and -as Barrass reached them, puffing and out of breath with the unwonted exertion, the ground seemed to shake beneath: their feet, and the cliff appeared to rise as a deafening report thundered out. The air was filled with flying rocks and debris. Evidently the charge had been well placed. .For quite a minute after the first great explosion rocks and portions- of cliff came crashing >down in various places. Indeed, it was soon found that the place of refuge where the party stood was scarcely safe. Pieces of the crumbling wall fell almost at their feet, and at length they had to beat a hasty retreat further down the mount. All were eager to make an examina?. tion of the shattered cliff, and almost, before it was safe the party went back. Charles Barrass attached himself to Nora, for there was considerable danger in climbing about amongst the dislodged rocks; some of which might at any moment subside into the cavernous depths which existed. The destruction of the cliff was extraordinary, and Captain Barrass quickly came to theconclusion that it was not alone the keg of powder which had done the havoc. He rightly concluded that some explosive gases must have been fired by the ignited powder, and that reflection caused him to warn the explorers not to use matches or lights of any description in their search. In fact, he mentally congratulated himself that none of the party had been injured or killed, for if his conjecture regarding explosive gases were correct,-the whole side of the mount might have been blown out by their agency, and death instead of fortune might have overtaken the prospectors. The search route taken by Nora and young Barrass was on the extreme: western side of the cliff, as. there the exploration seemed to be easier. The girl was a good climber, as she had plenty of practice in that line, and soon the pair were clambering amongst the debris in the vain hope of picking up ingots of gold or caskets of gems. In places' the halfrbroken. undergrowth torn and mutilated by the explosion was difficult to pass, and occasionally the two became separated by the walls of vegetation which intervened. It was on one of these occasions that a sudden call from Barrass; who was in advance and near the summit of the mount, caused Nora to push along with all speed. Her first impression was that her young friend had met with an accident, her second he must have made a valuable discovery. In less than-half a minute she reached Barrass, who was pointing in an excited manner towards some: rocks which almost crowned the summit of the peak. ' A strange-looking man, Miss Nora, has just run behind yonder rocks. He does not'belong to our party, but perhaps-you may know him,' the captain's son hastily explained. * Is he white ?' quickly asiedthe girl. ' Certainly; but clad little better than an aboriginal. He tried to avoid my seeing him, I think. There are no bushrangers hereabouts that I know of,' he concluded. i A vague suspicion began to fill the girl's mind which quickly took shape: . Her. father was not more than a hundred yards off, but wholly absorbed, in his mineral search... With a low cry Nora attracted his attention and beckoned him to her. With rapid 'steps the :old man came up fullof expectancy and quite, unprepared for the.narrative told him. ' Let us make a search, an' sure that'll settle.all our doubts,' spoke Allan, after a short survey. . N. Both the men and the girl were arm ed, • though none of them fearedviolence, and in a few minute&ihey; reached -the first of the outcropping rocks and began the examination; Keeping, together so as to prevent a surprise, the trio went from rock , to rock until the extreme summit of the' peak was reached, and they were able to see down a portion of the southern declivity. . If Charles,Barrass had seen anyone there, who wished to escape observation, there was no doubt the person would seek refuge by crossing the peak. This knowledge caused the: three to make a keen survey of every object within sight, and. it. was while doing so that figure-which he well knew crossed the line of Allan Fitzgerald's vision. ••' Glory be to God !' he vehemently exclaimed. 'Look beyant! If that isn't Abel Sutcliffe 'tis his ghost 1* In response to the exclamat on Nora and Barrass turned,-and as they did so, caught a glimpse of a wildlooking man in the act of disappearing in the dense jungle which fringed the brow of the mount about three •hundred yards below where - they stood. - \- The girl was deathly pale, but scarcely more so than her father, who stood rigid as a statue staring below and, uttering something inaudible. Charles Barrass was not so much affected, for the story of Abel Sutcliffe: concerned him but little. He had ' heard of the man's death in the | ordinary way, but not -knowing-him,; I the event,, tragic as it was, passed out j of his mind as many another item of such news had -done. The reappearance of the supposed dead man I had a double significance for Nora. It showed, that the glimpse of the face which she-had caught sight of at the aboriginals' camp was not a delusion, but what most troubled her was the effect which that announcement had on the man who had asked her to be his wife. She could not banish from her mind a vague and horrible suspicion'which began- to. shadow it, though she strove to do so. - 'Abel Suteliffe, you say spoke Sarrass, breaking the silence. 'Of' course you "don't mean that poor fellow who lost his life in the Black: Range some time ago,' •Troth then I do. 'Tis no other Abel Sutcliffe I know,' responded Allan Fitzgerald, after a long pause, and speaking slowly. Barrass looked puzzled, as well he: might. • 4 1 don't quite understand,' he began. * 'You believe the poor fellow did not lose his life at the'spot,! I suppose. -Yet if that were so, why did—or why .does—he not .return to his friends?' questioned the young man. •.••••• •-•• •-.•••. • His friends ?' repeated: the Irishman. ' ! Tis few of- thim I think he had. His woife didn't act properly,, but betwane us 'tis a subject best left alone. If . Abel isn't mad "altogether, I don't understand :wliy he should live wid black crathurs, though,' vaguely answered Allan. By this time Captain Barrass and the two Station-hands had reached-the group, and they listened with wonder to the story. . .. . If three of you saw the fellow, there can't -surely -be any mistake,' spoke the captain. ; ' The best thing we can do is go in pursuit and get to. the bottom of the mystery. We have about six hours of daylight yet, and may be able to drop on the poor fellow. Let's make/a start. I'll take the west side with Ted and Jack here, while you three can. come round by yonder gully. That's the best way I can see to dispose our forces/ hastily concluded the captain in a decisive tone. Fitzgerald, now roused from the peculiar apathy which had seized upon him, quickly responded to the invitation, and seeing that the plan proposed by Barrass jvas^ the best under the circumstances, he did not attempt to suggest anything else. . 'Let us meet at yonder granite peak, and two shots fired in quick succession -will be the signal for- either party that. something important- .has been discoveredi Come along, .lads,' commanded the captain. As Barrass and his two companions filed away down towards the western slope of the jungle^ Fitzgerald, with his daughter and the captain's son, took the opposite route.: ' - By that method the two parties would be able to make an exhaustive search of the belt of timbered country which faced them and ran down to the glen at the base of4he mount. ^TheoId:bushman well knew that if the mysterious fugitive really wished to escape his pursuers it would not be an easy task to capture him. Nevertheless, the r quest was one which pleased him. To BE CONTINUED. ' 