iA FATHER'S WILL OR HER OWN MISTRESS. AI ROMANCE. SCHAPTER VIII (CONT-rUED.) The words fell from Charlie O'Shea's Ic lips in a tone of angry defiance. He w was white as death, and his face was gi drawn and haggard, and there were sl violet circles beneath the beautiful dark th eyes which told the tale of long hours h: of sleepless watching and longing for m rest. Who can rest when the heart is on V< Sthe rack-crushed, bleeding, ground to fo fragments by the tortures of a suffering more terrible than the torments of the 1i Inquisition ? o ' You are a false villain !' thundered th Charlie once more; 'but, David sr Iartley, your time has come! Down bi upon your knres and say your le last prayer, for 1 am going, to kill h There was a flash of silver as the b s!iining barrel of therevolver shone and gliittted.-bfore David Hartley's dazed s e) es. Pallid and trembling, he stood erect, b and stared into the wild, despairing a face of the half-insane man before f him. * I do not speak falsely,' he said, a slorly and calmly-so calmly that in- t voluntarily it crept into CharlieO'Shea's I numh, bewildered brain that the man r was speaking truly. ' Myra Hartley is N married. How could I maintain the ( assertion if it were not true? She was married to Tristram O'Shea this morning--even now thewedding-guests r are at breakfast. When that is over, c the bride and groom will leave at once I for Ravenswood, which is to be their future home. Be calm, Charlie, and listen to me. I am speaking the plain truth-why should I speak falsely? It was all a mistake-your fancy for Myra and hers (or you, all a mad mistake, and M\ra is sensible,andshe has learned the truth at last. It was hard for hero make iup her mind to the truth, but she could not help seeing that her marriage withl ytur brother would save much s?u6.-iing to other people, and so she csnsctredl. I swear to you before high Heaven that she consented of her own free will lut that, ol course, you must know, for a marriage against Myra llarlle's will could hardly be en conlpas- ed. There was no force used in regaid to ier decision, no pressure z liut upon her. She came to me one ( miorning in the breakfast-room and said, Squietly : ' Ucle Ulavid, I have changed ua ormyortei d.c5nli. t ,ive m dh ".p ' iy isnd to. mnarry Tristrani, O'Shea. -l-is is tue. "I swear it I. Aria now she is t'rfistramss wife, and that is the end as far as you are con ' Tristram's wife!' Charlie faltered the words forth in a dazed way. Just Heaven ; no! David Hartley, she is my wife, mine in the sight of God; and hut for )our cruel plot, your wicked schemlinsg, she would be my wife now in the sight tifman Outof myway,wretch! 1 am gScing to my wife!' He was moving towards the door of the roomn with an awful purpose in his heart and a mad impulse to see her and be avenged. At the door David Hartley over took him and laid his hand upon his arm. ' Charlie!' in a low, commanding tone. ' be brave, be a man! Why trouble her now, since, right or wrong, the deed is done, the word is spoken? She is TristramO'Shea's wife, and you can never be anything to her--never ! Ielieve me, Charlie, it is true, quite true!' ' I will not ! You are false, false to the core, David Hartley! Do you ask me to believe yout-you from whose vile plot I have just escaped? Unhand me! Stand back I say, or-- A swift thought, like an inspiration, wept over David Hartley's heart ' I will prove it to you, O'Shea,' he said. ' Come with me, and you shall see the bride; and then I am sure you will be convinced. You shall see with out being seen. Come.' SWithout a word or gesture, Charlie O'Shea followed Hartley from the drawing-room down the long hall to. the wing of the building which contained the dining-room. Connected with it was a large closet. Hartley led the way to his closet, and Ciarlie O'Shea stepped inside There Sinto thle .dining-roomI ; over this door was a small crevice, quitelarge enough, Showever, foria glimpse of. the interior o f tle room. Charlie stepped upon a box and applied his eyes to the aperture, whilo David Hartley hastened back to his guests. A low groan.passed Charlie's lips as his eyes fell upon the scene with "n the dining-room. A long table glittering with silver and crslal,'and wreathed and decorated with flowers. At the headofthetable, in gleaming satin, with odorous orange blossoms all about her-pale, still, and .tately as a snow queen, sat Mrs. Tris:rams OShea ! Near her, his hand snsie, tlhiugh rLil, face flushed -with winll and triumph, the happy bride 'rnss TI'le cntite affair was going oil ,i l-,, itil ]Int the man who loved her belttl than his life stood like a frozen c: :e:;tlir. lhis eles fastened upon the j ,less face of the young bride His \- e:wn was' deathly pale, and he was s .hakin: s like a leaf in the wind. Some sis,,l;k was addressed to Myra, and ishe , p!ied mtechanically. A smile toutc;edl her lipl; it was like a gleam of usinhtl sunlight upon a- bed of snow. * . He marked all with savage eagerness -the pale, statue-like face, the greati gohlen-broswn eyes full iof pathos,- the Irccd.smiles. the--' while: thin hbandsa Upon one finger the wedding-ring hung lI loosely. But he did not see that she 10 was wearing still ihe ring that he' had given her- a small diamond, like a al spark of fire-for it was half hidden by he the big solitaire that Tristram O'Shea had forced upon her. Her white'hands moved about listlessly as she partook very sparingly of the dainty viands be fore her. All at once Charlie saw the wedding ring which nottwo hours ago was slipped R on her finger with the solemn ' with Ml this ring I thee wed,' drop from the pc small finger and fall to the floor. The si, bridegroom saw it ;in fact his eyes seldom tl left the pale little bride, for he watched he her continually. He stooped and at icked up the ring. Myra let it lie at beside herplate, asid t..,rakfastended sl -that repast- which to her had been - so unearthly solemn and long, which h had seemed like a feast of death. The t bridal party and guests left the room, and the wedding-ring lay upon the table, h forgotten. S Pale, and panting like one in an si awful pain, Charlie O'Shea flung open it the door of the closet and faced David Hartley. That gentleman would be i no whiter when he lay in his coffin than d when he marked the awful light in the t1 eyes of the man whom he had betrayed. s They stood there facing each other in 1 dead silence, alone in the deserted c room, with the remains of the elegant a collation, the dying flowers, the intan- s gible perfume. Charlie's eyes wandered I over the scene-through this banquet- a hall deserted-and a wild flash r brightened their darksome depths as they fell upon the wedding-ring lying t forgotten on the table. With a single a bound he sprang forward, and snatching s it up, tossed it through the open window % far out into the grounds beyond. It a fell to the ground and Charlie turned i away. ' Now,' he panted hoarsely, as he a faced Hartley once more, ' I am ready I to settle with you-you villain ! David a Hartley, one of us must die ! Iam de- I termined upon it; we shall not both a leave this room alive ! You have a re- a volver? Very well. Stand here, David c Hartley: we will fire at each other i across the table where she sat and entertained her wedding-guests-she, c the bride of Tristram O'Shea! The base villain I He has stolen my sole I hop~,of hap"pines.J .The bet-ryer of 1 innacecc 1, Ah, Tr-s3ram O'Shea;I1 have it in my power to punish you I I will brand you with an ineffaceable Smark ; I will make your name a mock no, I will wait The vengeance of Heaven will find him out. But you you who were the abettor and instigator of all this villainy-you who have helped to ruin my whole life-I intend to kill you, David Hartley! Come, are you ready to fight?' Be it remembered that Charlie O'Shea had seen quite enough; in fact, knew quite enough of both Hartley and his precious brother (to be known fully to the reader later on), to render him, for the time being, quite irresponsible for words used, or intentions to be de termined on. He was not the sort of man who either would or could kill any man; to him the thing would have appeared too wickedin any of his insane moments. " Hartley's face was pallid with \+ fear; he was trembling in every limb. ' No, no l' he panted, wildly; ' most certainly not here in my house; and the wedding festivities scarcely over ! I must returnto my guests now, O'Shea ? -I really must-or(Heaven forbid it !) they my seek me here. My wife or Blanche may come to this room at any moment, it would be horrible! O'Shea, I must go.' ' You shall not!' I Charlie O'Shea's eyes flashed like the eyes of a madman. ' We cannot both leave this room alive! David Hartley, one of us must die ! Draw your weapon !' a There was a flash of a revolver's I silver barrel. An ominous darkness gathered over David Hartley's face-a sudden, mad resolve. There was a loud report, a groan of agony, a heavy fI all, and Charlie O'Shea was lying upon the floor with the bloodstreamine from Pale and still-.. David :HaEtley stood, gazing~ down -upon - his rwork. The sound of footsteps coming in the direction of the room made Hartley start. He slipped the revolver into his pocket and opened the door to admit a group of startled ser vants. ' Lift thisman quickly,'he commanded, ' and carry him out to the gardener's cottage. He has hurt himself--see the revolver in his hand. Take him away d before the company shall suspect that anything has happened. I- The man he addressed had recognised h Charlie O'Shea's face. Itwas the same servant who had delivered Charlie's fI card to Myra that day long ago.. The r other servants were strangers, and had no idea of the true state of, affairs. e Hartley slipped a sovereign into the is hand of the old servant-the man who had identified Charlie. He e understood. d I will say nothing, Mr. Hartley, you e may depend upon it,' he said,, in an if undertone. if And then Charlie O'Shea'sunconscious form was lifted from the floor and bolne .s swiftly through a side entrance into the i grounds to a eiar cottage in the rear of . the house,- once occupied by the har.dner,.butsaow empty;- Itwasacona fortably furnished. They laid the inx... - sible man down upon the' bed, arnd a L physician was summoned. - Within the- mansion the weddirng guests had listened to a fanciful ex- A planation of the shot which they had w heard, and no one suspected .anything n unusual, save that the absence o of the host had provoked com ment d And so Myra went away from her fa uncle's house to Ravenswood. She did not know that she left behind her, n almost under the very roof that she had re left, the only man whom she had ever w loved. , ir Well for her that she did not know all, for theknowledge would have driven d her mad. CHAPTER IX. o AGAIN AT RAVENSWOOD. The journey from St Elmo to fa Ravenswood was a-miserable one for Myra. A rush of bitter memories over- ai powered her for a few moments at the sight of Ravenswood. She recalled rt the time when she had seen the old house last, while sitting in the carriage ft at her uncle's side, with Tristram O'Shea It lstandinB ne--Tr=lutram, O'Sh., ýb " she had repudiated, scorned,- d sed d -to whom she could scarcely force tl herself to be courteous, and yet here in w this short time-this pitifully short time w -she had come back to her childhood's c home Tristram O'Shea's wedded wife. i She felt her heart grow faint and li sick as the remembrance flashed over a it. a Could it be possible ? Was it really c Myra Hartley who had undergone this v dreadful chansge?'No; itwas not she tl that had changed, but circumstances, surroundings, influences. Say what you will, there is nothing like surrounding circumstances to influence and alter and control one's life. In vain do we strive against theirpower; circumstances to a large extent, regulate our lives, and we have little option in the s matter. So there in the pale shadows which I gathered about the lovely old place, about the distant pine-woods and every l shady nook and bosky dell, the carriage was driven slowly up to the entrance, and in a moment more Myra was stand ing upon the verandah of her old home. I- hospitable door was flung open wide, an.., standing upon the threshold, with her kindly face full of eager welcome and tender affection, was Mrs. Rice. She was really the only human being about the place for whom the girl cared, and perhaps the only person, except one other, for whom she cared in all the world. Myra cried bitterly. Mrs. Rice's honest face wore a look of distress. ' There, there, honey-dont cry! Don't worry so. It will all come right, honey', smoothine the beautiful golden hair fromn which" the travelling-hat. had fallen unnoticed to the nfloor. Oh; Miss Myra, Miss Myra,"-in an awestruck tone-' why did you marry him if you didn't want to 7 The pale, tear-dimmed face was lifted, the earnest, sad eyes flashed. ' Don't I' panted the girl, softly. ' Don't say a word, Mrs. Rice. He might hear you, and if he was to send you away; I would go too !' Nay, nay.' 'I would go, too. Listen, Mrs. Rice. Believe me and pity me, for my heart is broken. I hate him !-bate that man, and he is my husband.' ' Nay, don't ! Oh, darling, don't say such dreadful things I You have sworn to love, honour, and obey.' Myra laughed recklessly. I' do not love him, and I cannot honour a bad man who as trapped me into a marriage against my will, and as for obeying him'-she stopped short, shaking her head, the red lips com pressed, the eyes ablaze-' I will not 1 Mrs.,Rice, I shall never be a wife to I nim, you see, if I neither love, nor honour, nor obey. It is all a farce I between us-all a farce !' Tristram O'Shea had gone out to in \- spect the stables, leaving his bride to the care of the housekeeper; therefore, [ this conversation failed to reach his ears. Perhaps it was just as well for Myra that it was so. The.housekeeper conducted Myra up the broad staircase to her old room, i and the girl shut herself within. What passed there, when she was alone, with no eye but God's to see her, no one will ever know. The lamps were lighted, and the big, bare drawing room looked like an illuminated t sepulchre when Mrs Rice rapped at the door of Myra's room, and begged Sher to come down to dinner. Myra opened the door, and at the sight of Ier -?,rs "Klce-'ell bfack "wSet an'ex, r clamnation'of shocked surprise.: " Mysa'& I face was' white 'and drawn, her eyes heavy with weeping. She worealoose white wrapper, her hair was hanging in an immense brid down her back, her small feet were thrust into velvet r slippers. 'I cannot eat anything, Mrs Rice, thank you,' she said, calmly.- 'I shall not go down to-night' 'But Mr O'Sheal' gasped the'oxise keeper. V' 'Mr O'Shea may do whatever he t likes,' Myra said. He certainly can't dictate to'me in regard to my move 1 ments, as he drove me into this mar Sriage. If my conduct does not please shim, well, he can go his way. I wish e he would I' Mrs Rice shook her bead ruefully. ' My child, 'you are only making etrouble for yourself,' she said, sadly. SAnd yet I cannot blame her-the e poor little creature,' she added, low under herbreath. 'I would do the tsame myself. Tristram O'Shea is a O bad man !' She went away, and returned after a s time withba dainty repast upon a silver e waiter. -±"Come, dearie, ydu must eat some Sthing,' this good:old soul-insisted; S'and.Lwill stay. and share your dinner with; youi j :ustas~youtised-toc6me to my 1i o-In .!,r. a'go and dine with me. I-'m; a.4o I)..r, dear, it seems like a liui.drr-d years.' Myra ho Ad the sigh which escaped Mis Rice's lips. Sie felt old. and oa world-worn-this child of not quite w nineteen. Surely she had seen enough " of the world, and to spare. Mrs Rice had just removed her dinner-tray and gazed at her wan little face. She then left her alone. Myra leaned her elbows upon the marble top of the dressing-room, and rested her chin in her two rosy palms, e1 while she stared at her own reflection h in the mirror. 'It would be much better to be b dead.' she said, aloud. t And then she -became suddenly P aware of a presence in the room, and S turning swiftly she saw the door was open, and standing upon the threshold, d gazing upon her with eyes full of ad miration, was Tristram O'Shea. Her i face flushed an angry scarlet.. 'How dare you ?' she criqd, in an angry tone of voice. He smiled and advanced into the room. - ' I am your husband, Myra; you forget,' he observed, suavely. ' Don't e look so indignant, Myra.- 1Well, since drawing-rooem-; butt'n-- cry-lontly there without company-and this my wedding- night. Come down, Myra-; will you not? No matter, your face is charming. I never knew before you were so lovely. Come down and en- t liven my solitude. It is horrible to be, alone. I never court loneliness, I assure you. There is something un canny in the silence of a house. And when I sit alone I fancy all sorts of things.' ' Don't l For mercy's sake, hush !' she intervened, in a voice of terror. ' I will go downstairs, if you wish.' He led the way with alacrity, and Myra followed him in her pretty white wrapper, but not a bit like a bride. Once within the drawing-room, she sank into a seat and leaned her head upon her hand, gazing into his face with tranquil eyes. 'Well,' she asked, coolly, *'what have you to say to me, Mr O'Shea?' *He came swiftly to ier side, and threw his arms about the slender form. She recoiled with a cry of anger, indignation, disgust. 'How dare you?' she panted. 'Release me, sir! Oh, heavens!'-as he drew her into a still closer embrace -'if only Charlie were here! He would punish you as you deserve, you coward!' For just a moment, astonishment and anger held Tristram O'Shea dumb. His arms relaxed their grasp; she writhed away from his embrace and stood in the centre of the room, pale and angry. Her long hair had come unplaited, and fell over her shoulders in a splendid golden sht.wer. .Shoestood there, angry, and wrathful,' the gold-brown eyes ablaze. ' Well-I must say!' Tristram O'Shea found his voice at 'You must be mad ! You are my wife, Myra; you belong to me Yet when I venture for the first time in my life to put my arms about you, I am repulsed, scorned, defied, and Charlie O'Shea is thrown into my face as someoie to protect you from me i To protect a wife from the love of her husband !' Myra sank into a seat in outward calmness, yet she was still in a rage. She was dazed, bewildered; there was' a numb sensation in her brain, and a feeling that she was a helpless captive, bound hand and foot, and no hope of escape. Yet Tristram O'Shea spoke truly. He was her husband, and to him she owed love and duty. He was her husband, but-- The gold-brown eyes flashed with mad defiance. SI will make him rue the day that he married me against my will!' she muttered, hoarsely. ' I will make him regret the part he has played in this cruel farce. Ah! you cowardly villain, it were better for you if you had died before you forced me to become Mrs Tristram O'Shea!' CHAPTER X. UNMASKED. 'Dear Tristram-I shall call to see you to-morrow, at ten, in regard to the busi ness lately discussed by us. I ar. afraid that we shall have a sceno with Myra when she disacovers the truth about Ravenswood, and that the entire estate really belongs to her. I, as her guardian, of course, had a right to manage the busines to suit myself, so long as no law was infringed. Will nrrange with you about the settlement to-morrow. Try to break it gently to Myra-Youra as ever D H'lTLEY." ic (orc-uotng- - *a s lctcrerrp tur' Sicle sentabbut:;-awiek 'aftir'the 'ar rival at-.Ravensiiwod;7for the private eye of Mr Tristram O'Shea alone. It had been left carelessly lying open on a chair in the library, and Myra read it. After reading it, pale as a ghost, she went straight to herbusband's dressing. room and knocked at the door, Tristram opened it, and, at the sight of his unexpected visitor, fell back with a sharp exclamation. 'Ah, indeed I quite an honour, to be sure. To what am I indebted for the pleasure of your company here, Mrs O'Shea?' She faced him with. calim, accusing eyes. *'This I' she panted, - brokenly. Tristram'O'Shea, this litter lay upon a chair, open, in yourlibrary. Thinking, of course, that it was not private, I read it.. I demand to- know w'hat Uncle David means 1 If it is ns - suspect, then, so help riy goodnevs, 1 will blazon his infamy nd yours t, tlhe world! You shall be m irked, bra ded, ostracised ! No one wi.l name you but with execration. Ah! I ristram O'Sheal did you and Uncle David really a :ect I to carry your game throughl wi'hout detection ? I tell ydtu God is jru, and watches over poor, fric idless leatLrcs like myself, and I.do nt fear. I - 2.o'BB-CoTith'USDf 