The First to Fall* (NEW SOUTH WALES LANCERS.) Arouod tbe kopju'a silent heights the ghost-like vapours clung, The horned moon in rain-clouds draped on the horizon hunt; ; The jackal gaunt still reamed the veldt, the lion's roar was near, And many a beast in Boer stockyard crouched down in dread and fear. In deatb-like silence slept the kloof beneath the mountain's gloom, Where all day long at intervals was heard the cannonfi' boom For every ledge for mileB aronnd was set 'with deadly snare Of riSed guns and riflemen that silent waited there. No w Donling takes his scouts in hand, and leads them down tbe slope, 'Tie still bo dark that thro' the maze their way they have to grope; But they are men who many a time o'er country worse thau that Tracked ox and horBe through sunless bush, o'er ridge and'boggy fht. At length the enn rose in the east beyond the Indian main, And bathed with orient glory the neighbouring mountain chain; The scene to them familiar was, then tender thoughts did come Of Sunny South and gnm trees tall, and creeper mantled home. , All day they roamed about the hillB, through many a kloof between, But keen tbe watch and cIobb the search — no skulking Boer was seen ; ' We'll not go back !' the leader cried, ' till we have bagged some game, Spread out, my lads, and try those hills — no rikk, there iB no fame !' Ah, foolish words, light-spoken then — the kopjes were alive With lurking Boer behind each rock like angry BWarming hive ; But tbe watchful spearmen dreamed no foe, they thought their task was done; Aud, wiEtful, turned their heat-tired eyes towards the setting sun. . But, as the sudden thunder .clasp strikes on tbe tranquil air, Or tiger's roar in jungle dark proclaims the dreaded lair ; So all at once the rifle's crash fell on the startled ear, And around the kopjes' barren heighta re-echoed far and near. They're trapped, — a gallant stand they make, they fight an unseen foe, And Griffin falls, shot through the head, Kilpatriok iB laid low: The rest they flee or prisoners are — how galling to ? the brave — A captive band in Boer'e coarse hand, just like the Knffir slave. Now darknesB creeps across the plain, and np the kopja bare Two prostrate fermt — the dying, dead — are seen half outlined there : The dead now past all human pain, the living worse than dead — The sinking Lancer all alone, who for his colours bled. Ah, God ! what night was that to him, what tor tures did hs b?ar — The thirst, the swoon, the maad'ing pain, the cruel, biting air ; The dream of home, where gum treeB grew, tbe schor)l, the boys he taught, The cricket pitch, the football ground, the bay where Bailed the yacht But, waking from a deadly swoon, he on the dry eand traced With trembling hand the one word, cold, then calm his fate he faced ; And one lance less, at next roll call, [made many a comrade sigh, As be thought of a home by gnm tree blue, beneath a cloudless sky. 1 Bat miBty years of timo to come shall fresh the Btory tell, And bow the Lancer fought and bled, and for his country fell ; How Austral's sons with one accord, all through that bloody Bcene, Laid down their lives, like Spartan brave, for Empire, Home, and Queen Aethor Fbrkis. Itilia, Raymond Terrace. ?Lance-corporal Kilpatrick, .killed at Bensburg, 16th January, 1900. He was au assistant teacher in the service of tbe Department of Public Instruc tion. HiB age at the time of his death was twenty Biz. A. F. 