Holy Mass. A Brief Explanation of the Sacred Ceremonies. INTERESTING TO CATHOLICS AND NON-CATHOLICS. 'What is it all?' said one bewildered Protesfcanb to another during the celebration of M iss in St. Mary's Cathedral. To which whispered interrogation came the beautifully correct response of a Catholio who overheard it: 'It is the faithful performance of Christ's injunction ' D ) this for a com memoration of Mo.'' ' Bub all this— this ?' persisted the Protestant, at a loss for a word. 'All this ceremony,' said the Catholic, supplying the word, ' is no doubt irjrw nn t.'/\ i n a hn vnn. T'hn.fc in nr»f, n.qt.nnifth- ing. It is all new to you, and consequently uaintelligible to you. Bub be nob discouraged aD what at first sighb seems so perplexing ; a little good-will, a little explanation aud study, and an occasional visit to Mass, and you will soon unshackle yourself of prejudice a id learn to appreciate the beauty of this gcoateat of all acts of worship, and begin to love and revere it as much as Catholics t'.iemaelves. And if you will kindly spare 8 -rue time after Mass I shall willingly on diavour to enlighten you. Of courao my explanation must necessarily be incomplete ; for as every aot and movement in the ceremony of the Mass is exquisitely eloquent and full of deep moaning, it would require the perusal of a special treatise to gain a oomplete and satisfactory- explana tion ' No doubn there are many similar oarnesb inquirers who find the ceremonies of the Mass strange, so perhaps the obliging Catholic's short explanation may not prove an unwelcome introduction hero. Bafore proceeding to explain the accom panying oeremouies of this sublime institu tion, I must tell you what the Mass is : The SaorifioB of the Mass is an offering made to God of the Body and Blood of JeBUS Chriat, utidor the sensible appearance of bread and wino, by Jesus Christ Himself, our invisible High Priest, and that, through the ministry of bho priests of His Ohuroh, lawfully oonseorated and empowered by Him for that office ; in which offering the bread and wine are, by the almighty power of God, really and substantially ohanged into the Body and Blood of Christ, jitI by the separate consecration of the two different species of bread and wino, tho death of Jesus Christ is myBlloallv represented. The Sacrifice of the Mass is the same as was offered on the Cross on Calvary's Hill, the only difference bjing in tho manner of offering, On Olivary there was a real t -1 _1 t . . ... - i! 1_ 1 _ -. _1 — ? A .. .... _ 1 J,..il. „ C L t». a Snocianig oi uiuuu, mm u ruin uuium tu i/iiu Victim ; in iho Masa the shedding of blood and the death of the Viotim are mystical ; for Christ Jesus having died ono^ dieth now no mote. Jusub on tho Cross offered Him self, a bleeding vlobim, to the justice of God \- for our redemption. Jesus on tho altar offers Himself, un unbloody viobim, to glorify Goi and Banobify us, by applying to our souls tho merits of His pasHiou and death. Borne doubting Thomas will, perhaps, aflk : ' What need was there of the Saorifioe of tho Altar ?' As wo are merely giving here an explanation of tho oaremonfes of the Mass, wo muab forego tho pleasure of answering him fully, merely offering for his present consideration this serious faot — bhivb Christ has oommanded His priests to ' Do this for a aommomora* tlou of Me,' Christ oommandn — it is our duty 'to obey, aud submit our finite intelli gence to Hib divine and inflnito wisdom, Wore we to make our ability to understand the tost of our oredonda bohold whnre wo ?would bo landed. Can tho doubting Thomas understand tho mystery of tho Trinity, or the Inonrnatoiou, on which restfl our belief in Christ ; oan ho fathom tho idea of a self existing Bainp;— -God ; or understand the growth of tiho HtmploBb flower that blooms, or what life-animation is ? Ho mav appro' hendthefaabs as they are, bub understand them ho cannot, In tho moantlmo we re* oammond him to consult} for a dootrinal ex planation one of the tinny suoh books deal ing with the uubjaoti. Ai.iOUT l'lUQ-OlUHMMONIMS. la the oolebrabion of tho Mass tho Chut oh makes uso of aoromontaB i that is, sho , employs aortain forinn and ritos for tho pur pose of admin la tot* I n 12 the things of God in a booomlng aud dignifled manuer, and in a mannor propm1 lio Impress bho faithful with BoutimoutH of faith and piety iniHtblng fiuoli a Bolomn ocoaalon, Moot of tho aoroinonioa of tho Mass aro of groab antiquity, aud many of thorn of Apoflliollo origin, it is principally for two.roivuoiiHbh'il' tho Ohuroh Imant'oaurlbod. uo many otu'amonluu in tho (uilobratlou of tho Mas«, Flratly, boouiNo JMiiHfl, bolnu tho highest aot) of rolighui worHhlp, tho Ohuroh ' doairoa that it) ahould bu oolobrabud with a aolomnlly and rovorouoi) uorroipoudi'Dir in uotiiu riuui'oo to the groafcnoBH of tho Hnoi'lilou, and to thai) oiul avails horunlf of all that In beautiful on earth, and with Iboinbolllulilngly Huri'MUiulH tliln moHt proolauH of all horltngoH luft) by Ohi'iHl/, Suooudly, Ijuoiuihu if tho various ceremonies of the Mass are well understood they will greatly exoite and foster a reverence and spirit of devotion in the hearts of the faithful. They all refer directly to our S iviour'e passion and death, of which the Mass is a commemoration. Hence the ritual of the Mass is arranged in accordance with the awful tragedy of Calvary.1 Tho pries b in saying Mass repre sent3 the person of Christ, who is the High Priest of the New Law ; and the Mass itself represents His passion ; and, therefore, the priest is clad in vesbments representing those in which bhe Redeemer was attired during His cruel passion. Turn Mnanino of the -Vestments, Thus, f jr instance, the Amice, or white oloth worn around hia neok, represents the handkernhief with whioh Our Lord was blindfolded, when at every blow they bade Him prophesy who it was that struolc Him. The Alb, or long white garment, signifies the whita robe which Herod in mockery put on Him ; the Cincture, Maniple on the left arm, and the Stolopassing round the neokand crossed on the breast, represent the oords and baods with whioh Ho waB bound and the Chasuble or outermost vestment worn over all the others signifies the soarlet robe in whioh ho was arrayed as a mock king; the oross on the bade of the Chasuble represents that whioh Christ bore on His sacred shoulders. The altar with its oruoifix rep rosents Mount Calvary ; the Chalice signi fies the Saviour's tomb, tho Paten His tombstone, and the Purifier with the Pall and Corporal the linen olobhs in whioh His Baored Body was wrapped when laid in the tomb. The Colours, In these vestments the Church makes use of five colours. White embloinatio of purity is used on the founts of our Lord (exoepting those relating to His Passion), of the Blessed Virgin, of the angels and of the saints, not martyrs. Red, the colour of blood and fire, is proper to all martyrs' days ; it is also used at Pontooost as an emblem of the fiery tinguos in the form of whioh the Holy G-hoBt descended on the Apostles. Green, in tho liturgy as iu nature, is a symbol of hopo ; an emblem of good things to come. The Ohuroh uses it ou the simple Sundays, during the time oalled ' of pilgrimage,' be cause it rooalla the militant life of the Ohuroh from tho desoent of tho Holy Ghost to the end of tho world. Violet is used in the penitential bimos of Advent and Lont ; aud black upon Good Friday, and in MassoB for the Dead, The robing of the priest is aooompanied by the rooltal of prayers by the priest beautifully appropriate to eaoh robing. Tun Lights and this Missal. Tho lights burning on the altar are relioB of the days of persecuted Christianity, when the early Christians went stealthily to attend the saored rites offered up in bhe catacombs, to whose gloomy recesses the light of day nover ponetratod. As perse cution oouBed the Christians still retained them to shed eplondour and brillianoy around, thus contributing to the honour of the Baored mysteries. Their use is retained to this day n& a reminder of those early days of Buffdring, and also as a symbol of joy and a typo of that falbh whioh should burn brightly within us, and shine forth in good ' deeds to all men. Tho large book resting on a stand on the right aide of' the altar ia oalled tho Missal, or Mass Book, Ib oonbaina the odloial prayers of bhe Mass, via , tho Ordinary or unxltorablo portion,, tho Introit, Oolloots, Jflpiablus, Tracts, Graduate, Soquouooa, Eplstloti and Gospels, Offerborios, tioorots, Prefaces, Oommunioantus, Communions and Pofltoommuuions, for tho various feasts and ferias of tho eooloaiaabia&l; year j with a variety of votive Masses whioh mav bo aajd on aorbaiu dciva—blie Mass of Marriage, Dedication of Ohutiohoa, and the Requiem or Manses for tho Dead, Ab one time 'many aounbriea, and oven parts of oouabrios, had Mlaaala varying somewhat j bub In later yoat'fl Uioho have boon gradually laid aolde, and tho Roman Missal is now in almoal) uni voraal uao, although oaoh country has a Proper of ita own, containing oor'viooa of npoolal foaflta, to whioh tho pooplo of that country havo particular devotion, uuoh ua of aaints who have llourlahod In tho oounbry, or foaaba whicih havo booonio In Borne way patronal, TlIM CloVJflUNim'B MlBMAUJ, Tlioi-o Ih nl/ profloub «b Govornmonl) House a beautiful oolluotlou of Homo uuoloub iiiIh. aal« wliluh, in Mm explanatory noto« of hla utitologuu of «? Objulu (V nrt,' Lord 7Joitu ohamp HhylvM ' tho graaloal trouBiiro of nil,' Thoy ftll'owl Homo ullghli Idea of fcho high dogrco of poi'fuuUon in tho illumlmUor's ni't wliioh tho monliH of bygone Union atUlnud, Tho inlBjalii oxuuutud by tho titoiiko bufot'u the art of printing was introduced are con. spiouous for the variety and beauty of their designs, which are amazingly intricate, and for their admirable taste in the arrangement and brilliancy of colours. So intricate are the interlacings of some of these designs, and so numerous are the spirals executed in small spaces, that an authority on these subjects, in his wonder and astonishment at their exquisite beauty and impossibility of imitation or reproduc tion by present-day appliances or artistic skill, declares 'it is a problem, not only with what eyes, bub also with what instru ments they could have been exeouted.' Wiiy Latin is Used. The contents of the Missal are written in the Latin tongue, and Mass is celebrated in that tongue. The Church uses Latin because it is a dead language and hence invariable, and thus peculiarly adapted to formulate with precision the doctrines of that Ohuroh whioh alters not, because she is divine. Moreover, as the Church is not for one country, but; for all, it is desirable that she should possess a universal language as well as a universal rite — a provision the wisdom and benefit of which Catholics experience when travelling, for in the Mass all national distinctions are superseded by the use of a common language. It is also proper to have a language for sacred purposes not vulgar ised by familiar ubo. The Celebration op Mass, When the priest beginB Mass he says alternately with the server who responds on behalf of the congregation some prayers at the foot of the altar, during which he bows profoundly. This signifies our Lord's enter ing upon His passion in the Garden of Gethsemane when He sweat blood aud prayed prostrate on the ground. These prayers of the priest are a kind of prepara tion for Mass. He begins by saying ' In fclin nn ma nf f.Vin T^iit-.Kuti anil rtf f.lin K!/-k*t nnrl w»*w uwmv vta vuw .fe MWMWt IW14\A WJL V11W UUU LWLAU4 of the Holy Ghost,' thus attesting that the Sacrifice ho is about to perform is done by the authority of God the father whose priest he is, and of the Son whose priestly place he oooupies, and of the Holy GhoBt by whom ho ia priest. Then he says a Psalm expres sive of humble trust in God ; which is followed by the 'Confibeor' or Confession, acknowledging; his sins to God, and before the whole oourt of Heaven. After this he ascends the altar and kisses it. This re minds us of tho seizure of our Lord by the Jews, into whose hands He was betrayed by the perfidious kiss of Judas. Now begins the preliminary part of the Muss which answers to the time when Christ was inter rogated about His dootrine before the tribunals of Oaiphas and Pilate j it lastB till the end of tho Oreed. Having read bhe Introit or short verses from Scripture, the priest says nine times the Kyrie Eleison, 'Lord have moroy on us,' thereby giving ub to understand the neoes&ity; of approach ing the Sacrifice in a penitential spine, with a oontrite and humble heart. Immediately after follows the Gloria in exoelsis, the hymn which the angels sang at the birth of Christ, meetly sung now when Christ is to bo born again on our altar. Afber the Gloria the priesb turus to tho people and Bays, 'The Lord be wibh you,' answered by the server 'And wibh thy Bpirit,' a salutation which ooours very often in the Mass. This frequent interchange of holy affeobion between priesb and people excites devotion, and teaohBB us tlut we siiould deBire above all things to remain always in the peaos of God, The priest extends his arms when he Bays these words, to expresB the exceedingly great charity which Jobus Ohriab bears towards the faithful. Then follows the Colleob of tho day, afcor whioh oomo the Epistle and Gospel, Those vary aooording to the season. When the ,I3pistle is ended, the server sayB, ' Thanks bo to God,' that in, for the good instruction contained in tho Epistle, The server then oarriee the Missal to the other side of the altar for tho reading of the.Gospol, This Biguifies the rejection of the Gospol by the Jewa and its transference to the Geutiloa, who received it wibh joy. When the prioBb begins the reading of tho Gospel ho makes the Bign of tho Gross on the book to remind us that), Our Lord died for tho truth of the dootrlnoB therein oontained. After thab he and tho people make tho sign of the Cross on their foreheads, thus deolarlng their willingness, to submit their minda to His toaohing, on their lips to testify their readi ness to progress the faith before men, and on thoir hearts to signify that they will always keop it lovingly thero. At the end of tho Gospel the servor says, ' Praise bo to Thee, Oh Christ 1' via,, for His love, shown in the work of Redemption, whioh tho Goapol makeB known to ub. The Gospol is followod by the Creed or oxplioib Confession of bho truths whioh our Saviour has taught us j and when thoprieBiiBaya 'Etinoarnatus oat,' &o;,, all knoel down in adoring grati tudo to the Son of God for having iiooomo man for us, mm* Now begins tho Offertory or first) part) of the Maes proper, Tho prioat uncovera tho Ohalloe, and baking tho Puton with the Host upon ib, in his hands, ho solemnly offers it up to God tho Vabhar. Ho dooo tho saiuo with fcho Ohalioo into which ho nun poured the wine, mixed with which are a few drops of water commemorative of the water that flowed from the Saviour's side. Then turning to the people he invites them to join with him in earnest supplications that the Sacrifice which he is abouc to com plete may be offered with suitable devotion. The Preface or introductory prayers leading; to the Canon begins here. It includes a particular thanksgiving for the special blessings which the Holy Church com memorates, and ends with a petition that our praises be accepted before the altar of the Most High, in union with the adoration of the Angels who rest not day or night, saying, 'Holy, holy, holy Lord God of Hosts !' Ab these words the sanctus bell, is rung to give notice of the approaching, consecration. * .* ? ? The ohurch is now hushed in silenoe, for the Canon or most solemn part of the Mass has begun, and the consecration, the most essential part of the Mass, is about to take place. When in the act of consecrating the priest performs the same action which Jesus. Ohrist performed at the Last Supper. He takes the Host in his hands, and lifting up his eyes to Heaven, he repeats the words our Lord made use of ; and, by the divine power of those words, the bread is changed into the true Body ot our Saviour. He then proaounces the words of Consecration over the wine in the Chalice. The bell is rung three times ab eaoh Conseoration, as a warn ing to the people to adore Jesus Ohrist pre sent on the albar. The priest elevates the Host and Chalice afber Oonsecrabion, so that the faithful may atone in some degree by the loving adoration of their hearts for the in sults and injuries our Lord received when- He was lifted up on the Cross. All the prayers of the Canon are said by the priest in such a low tone of voice as to be scarcely audible. This is in memory of those awful hours during whioh Christ hung on the Cross, and bore in silence the scoffs and blasphemies of the Jewish multitude. But at the Pater Noster, or Our Father, the priest raises his voice j this is to remind the' faithful of the last seven words which Our Saviour spoke in a loud voice when hanging on bhe Cross. Ab the Communion or ' Take and eat' of the Last Supper, the bell is rung; thab the faithful may be reminded also to receive Communion, if not saoranaentally ab least (spiritually. After Communion, follow prayers of thanksgiving, after' the reoital of whioh the priest turns to the people and says 'Ito misea. oBt.' This means thab the Mass is ended. Ho then gives the people his part ing benediotion, making them the sign of bhe Cross, to remind them that every bless ing comes from the death of Christ. The' Gospel of St. John is then read, ab the end' of. whioh the server says, 'Deo Gratias,'' ' Thanks bo to God,' for His great morcy in having allowed us to assist at so precious' and holy a Sacrifice. The priesb then de parts from the altar, recibing to himself the Benedioibe or bhe Oanbiole of tho throe ohildren, inviting all oreatures in Heaven, and on earbh to bloss and praise tho Lord. Great and Inestimable Mysteiues. The oeremonies of the Mass whioh have* been but slightly and sparingly referred to. here, evinoe the deep wisdom of the Church, and if one has but a little goodwill they will be a powerful means of leading tho mind on to the great and inesbhnable mysberies whioh the Holy Saorlnoe of the Mass oonbains. ThB Mass pub.Holy exercised ia the- people's prayer book ; ib is the boat of Brayera, because ib is prayer in common — latholio, Booial prayer—the prayer whioh roaliBeB Christ's promise. ' Where several* are gathered together in my name, there will I be in the midst of them.' The aggre gate of prayers, instructions, and praises whioh aooompany ib tosbify that the people are not merely spoobabors of the Divine mysteries, bub that the saorifioe of the priest i s also in a measure tho Saorifioe off the faithful, From beginning to end there devolopos a dialogue between tho people represented by the server, and the minister of God ; the prayers are said in the plural, in- tho name of all, and the whole ussombly is invited to join in their conclusion. The reading of the Epistle and Gospel is designed to penutrate all.aouls wibh holy doctrine ;, tho homilies and sermons aro ordered to the same end, And intorsporscd among those prayorB and . irisbruobions whioh' aooompany. tho oblation of the ouoharistio sacrifice ar-- those aots of adoration, oantioleB of praise and thanksgiving, appeals to the Divine olomonoy, tnat make of tho liturgy of the Maes tho moBt perfect form of worsnip. A very acceptable zaal and reparation to God for bho faults and negligences of whioh wo may have boon guilty, would bo that of helping to oduaato young men to bhe priest hood, whoHo fervour would sorvo as somo atouonionb for our ooldnoas, Saintd thus formed through our inatrumonbaHby will im pnrl- hlonalngfi on ub 5 thoy will pray for our y tianal/Uloabion and shall obtain it. 