OUR POLLY. x' can remember, as clearly as if it were yesterday, when the little waif first camo to us, and what an odd looking mite of a thing she was. It was near tho close of a balmy day in Juno. I was seated on the piazza with Freddie,our youngest pet, playingat my feet, when, looking down across the meadows, I saw a blue gingham sun-bonnet bobbing up and down in the long grass. As it emerged from tho field into the path that led through the garden into tho house I saw that the wearer of it was a mere child,though dressed in so old a way as to look like a little woman. Tho small face was nearly lost in the big Bun-bonnet, whoso capo fell nearly to her waist, while the skirt of the scant calico dress touched her heels. A three-cornered ker chief, folded demurely across tho bosom completed the quaint costume. She made no pause to her Smooth, gliding motions until she stood directly in front of me. Then dropping a little courtesy, which brought the liem of her dress down to the floor, she said, in a small, piping voice : “ Please, mem, I’m Polly Burton. lb’s rained so much this week that mam couldn’t git all my things dried; she’ll send Tom with thc'rest of ’em Saturday.’’ I gazed at the speaxcr in astonishment and dismay. John had spoken about getting me a little girl to tako care of Freddie and run errands, but what could ho be thinking of to send a mere baby like this ? ** How do jtou do, Polly ?” I said, kindly. t( I’m afraid you are too small to suit my purpose. Tako off your bonnet and let me see how you look.” Polly obeyed, revealing a face quite aa odd-looking as the rest of her. The flaxen hair was drawn tightly back and twisted in a little bob at the back of the head, making the features look smaller, in which was tho old look so often seen in the faces of tho children of the poor. The round blue eyes looked fearlessly into mine, and there was something pleasing about the wliolo face, though it was far from a pretty one. “ What can you do?” “ Heaps,” was tho confident reply, “ I can wash dishes, Bweep, scour knives, run errands, and take care of baby. ” I smiled as Polly ran glibly over her list of accomplishments. “ How old aro you?” “ ’Leven.” II You are small for your age.” 11 Yes’m; I don’t get time to grow.” As I looked at the small hands, brown and hardened with toil, and the slight shoulders that were beginning to stoop with the un timely burthens they had borne, I felt that there was a good deal of truth in those quaintly-spoken words. “You can stay to-night, at all events,” I said, “I will talk with tho doctor when ho comes home and sec what he says.” Ten minutes later Polly was seated on the steps of tho piazza munching a thick slice of bread and butter with evident satisfac tion, her bright eyes glancing about in every direction. “ Have you a mother. Polly?” “ Sort o’, and sort o’ not, She ain’t my own ma; my own ma is dead.” “ Is your father, dead, too?” “ No, mum; he’s skipped.” “ He’s done what?” I said, looking at the small face in amazement, and thinking that I must have misunderstood her. “ He’s skipped—run off,” explained Polly, in condesconding.pity at my ignorance. When John came home I expressed my doubts in regard to the new’investment he had made for my benefit, declaring that it was likely to give me the care of two babies instead of one. “ Not at all, my dear,” responded that in dividual, as lie took a cup of tea from my hand. “ Polly is no bahy. She’s done more work during the eleven years of her life than most women at twenty. I attended the children when they had the measles—there’s nine of ’em—and I never saw such a patient, willing, industrious little body in my life. “ But there are the children to think of,” 1 said; “ and her language is so queer. She Bpoke about her father having skipped.” “ Did she?” laughed John. She’s a comical little thing, but there’s nothing bad about hor. She has picked up these expressions, you sec. By the time tho children arc old enough to be harmed any way, you will have remedied all that, I daresay.” This was tho way that “ our Polly ” be came domiciled with John and me. ‘With her hair neatly braided and her dresses shortened, and made otherwise more suitable for her years my little handmaiden presented quito another appearance, but she still re tained the quaint speech and old-fashioned womanly ways that contrasted so oddly with the child-face and form. Put to work as soon as she could run alone, she had known ,no childhood. She alluded to those of her own age as ‘ tho children ” never classing herself among them, speaking about what sho used to do “ when slio was little,” as though that timo was far away in the dim Take it all in all, Polly was quite a char acter, and amused and interested a good deal. She was quito a help to me too, especially in tho care of Jennie and Freddio, who got to be very fond of her. Sho was as honest as the sun, and I never knew her to take tho least thing without asking for it. One day she ran into tho house, saying: 11 There’s a hungry man at tho gate. Can’t I give him some of the cold bread and meat out of the pantry?” I assented, without thinking much about it. The next day she came to me with the same request. Going to the window,I looked down to the gate where a stout heavily beard ed man was standing, attired in a Blouched hat and a coat very much the worse for wear. He was looking eagerly up to the house, but turned his head quickly away when he saw mo. “No, Polly,” I Baid; “ this is a strong, able-bodied man; and it’s wrong to encourage tho idleness that leads to crime by feeding At this Polly hung her head saying: “ He says he hasn’t had nothin’ to eat to day, ma'am. Can’t I give him my supper ? I shan’t need it. ’ I saw that Polly was far from understand ing my motive, but touched by this unselfish offer, and not sorry for an excuse for yield ing, I said: “ You can give him the cold meat from dinner, Polly, but don’t let it happen again.” Polly would eat no supper that night; and thinking that her ideas wero rather confused on tho subject, I took some pains to explain to her tho moral phase of the tramp question, as I understood it. She listened attentively, her big blue eyes fixed on my face with a solemn, unwinking stare, making no direct “ Was you ever hungry, ma’am?" Accustomed as I was to Polly’s peculiar ities in this respect, 1 was considerably startled by such an odd unexpected query. " Yes; and I expect to be again to-morrow morning, just about breakfast time.” “ I don’t mean that kind of hungry; but where there’s no breakfast or dinner or supper, or not much of any ? ” “ No, cliild,” I said, in quite another tone; “ I’ve never known anything about that kind ot hunger, and I hope you haven't.” “ I was'always hungry. Mam did the boat sho could, but it takes a good deal to go round where* there’s nine children.” “ That proves the truth of what I was say ing,” I replied, anxious to enforce my text. “If your father had worked too, as every man ought that is able, you would have had plenty to cat and to wear.” “ He’s a bad man; but—but bo’s my father. The unconscious rebuke in these words made me turn my eyes on the child face, so unclvild-liko in expression; but sho was not looking at me,and evidently not thinking of me at all. After this I noticed a cliango in Polly. She lost her appetito and the colour that \va3 beginning to come into her cheeks. But she never eomplaiued, declaring she felt quite well when I qncstioncd her. She grew so pale and thin that at last I spoke to John about it, who seemed puzzled to account lor it. “She must ho one of the thin kind,” he said; “ thero certainly is nothing the matter with her.” The following week Johu and I mado arrangements to spend a couplo of days at my brother’s who lived in an adjoining town. Wo were intending to take J^olly with us,but the carriage was crowded, and sho begged so hard to be left at homo that we finally decided to do so. She was so thoughtful and trustworthy that I had no fears in leaving her, it being only two minutes’ walk to the nearest house, and tiio neighbourhood being a very quiet one. On accountof ttio scarlet fever being in my brother’s family, which neither of the children had had, we stopped overnight at an acquaintance’s, returning ' the next day. When wo reached home wc found the doors locked and the windows darkened, and not a sign of life anywhere around. Considerably surprised at this it being near the middle of the day, wo rang and knocked until pretty well convinced that thero was no, one within to hear us. Then we went down towards the gate, being met by Mr. Brown, our nearest neighbour, who had seen us go by, and who told us that Polly had left tho key of the house with his wife last night •aying that she had to go away. I thought a little strange of this, but sup posed the child hod got lonely and gone to her stepmother’s, who lived about two miles distant. On entering tho house we found every available point barricaded below, as if in expectation of a siege. Against the back door a heavy bureau was drawn, on which chairs were piled. John and I laughed at Polly’B extraor dinary efforts to make everything securo. Our next discovery was not so pleasant; every bit of silver had vanished, not even a spoon was left. Tho discovery that followed was more startling still. On going outside John saw the figure of a man suspended from tho sill of one of tho back windows. Communi cating his discovery to Mrs. Brown, who was sitting on tho front porch, the two men went upstairs, and I followed slowly, and with beating heart. As I looked into tho room I saw the head of a man just insido of the window, tho heavy sash of which was resting on his neck. He was not only quite dead, but there was every indication that life had been extinct for several hours. Ho had evi dently died from strangulation—the features blackened and swollen nearly out of all semblance of humanity, presenting a terrible spectacle on which I never want to look The shed, which ran heneath it, showed how he had reached the window, and the position in which he was found how he had met his terrible fate. But as it was clearly apparent that ho was killed in the act of en tering, the disappearance of the bUVot re mained a mystery. John lost no time in notifying tho author ities; and the news, spreading like mid-fire, for several hours tho house was thronged by an excited crowd, most of them drawn thither by curiosity. By no one was tho body recognised; in fact, it would have been difficult to do so by the face, so distorted was it. Two or three had seen a man of similar build and appearauco hanging about the neighbourhood. As thoy mentioned this I recalled to mind the tramp that Polly had fed, and whose form and dress strongly re sembled the deceased. But the people had gone at last, to my great relief. As I stood at tho window watching the last one go down tile steps, I felt a touch upon my arm. On turning I saw Polly standing just back of me, and looking in the dim twilight more like a ghost than a living child. “ Where is he, the man that was killed ?” she said. John pointed to tho door of tho room where the body lay. Without saying another word Polly opened it and went in. After a mo ment’s hesitation John and I followed. With blanched clicck3 and eyes dilated with horror, Polly stood thero as silent and motionless as tho ghastly thing stretched out beforo her. John placed his hand on her Bhoulder, saying, with a sternness that he regretted a moment later— Do yon know this man, Polly?” Polly lifted her eyes appealingly to mine. “ It’s my father,” she gasped, sliding for ward to the floor. With a feeling of self-compunction that was clearly visible in his honest face, John took up the little limp form as if it had been a feather and laid it upon the bed in our own room. It was not a fainting fit—Polly was not given to such—but a sudden collapse of the mental and physical powers, that had been stretched to their utmost tension. Polly was quite ill for a number of days, during which the ghastly tiling she had called father had been buried out of sight, for her sake, as decently as circumstances would permit. She made allusion to him, and John would not let me question hor until she was strong enough to leave her bed. Before that time the missing silver was found in on old chest in the attic, whero Bhe had hid it From what Polly told me afterwards, I found that her father had acquainted her with his intention to rob tho house, urging her to aid him by leaving the back door un locked, and threatening to kill her if she refused. ,rI gave him my dinner and supper for a good many days, ” she said in conclusion, 11 but I couldn’t do that. I couldn’t tell on him either. Ho was a bad man, but he was my father." As I thought of this little creature stealing out into the darkness with the food that she had saved from her own needs, I was glad to know that this bad man was powerless to work her any further ill.’ Polly lived with John and mo a number of years after this, and we became almost as much attached to her as, to our own children. When she married Charles Conway, a thriv ing young carpenter, we furnished the pretty cottago house he built as completely as if it had been for one of our own daughters. Con way makes one of the best of husband’s, and I don't believe that there’s a better house keeper or a happier little wife to-day than our Polly._ In the war of the Crimea, with 1,460,500 troops, there were killed in battle 53,870; died of wounds,66,600; died of disease 492,200. In tho American war of 1861-5, in the Northern army, there took the field 2,336,000 troops; there were killed in battlo 44,240; there died of wounds 34,006; thero diod from disease 149,240. In the Ameriean-Spnnish war there took the field 274,717 troops; there wore killed in battle 293; there wero wounded 1,577; there died from disease 2,619. In tho American war of 1861-65 there died from camp diseases, diarrhoea, dysentry, and camp I fevers 85,214. 1 