Brevities. Old George Throssell, Minister of Lands, likes his little joke. He has lately been touring, and, of course, took the opportunity of visiting the birthplace of his illustrious chief, King John the Great. He told a sympathetic crowd that he might as well make a confession right away, and that was to admit that Bunbury might have been a little neglected in the past—(Hear, hear). Great Caesar's ghost, likewise Jumping Jehosaphat. Both Sir George Shentou and D. K Congdon adopted blue—good old Tory colour, Moss had red. white and blue (Melbourne Cricket Club and Federation), while J. A. Thomson's supporters went in strong for red and white (South Melbourne, also South Fremantle). Railway Commissioner Piesse assumed the high and haughty attitude of the Czar or Kaiser in receiving the deputation ot M.P.'s last Monday. He flatly declined to recognise the unions formed by men employed by the State. He said that they wished to interfere in matters in which he considered they had no right to interfere, or address him upon, as they were purely departmental matters, affecting his administration. That was the reason why he had objected to the Association, and why he had stated that, the department would not recognise it any further. That is plain enough for the men to understand, and we hope they will bear it in mind at the general elections. An enthusiastic Bunbury man told a meeting the other day that—while Scotland provided England with kings and queens, Bunbury provided Western Australia with premiers and heads of departments As all were aware, out of the heads of departments in this colony four or five were Bunbury natives. We all know it, worse luck. As was expected, F. H. Piesse, chief apple grower and Minister of Railway, hasdeclined to recognise Railway workmeus' Associations. We can promise him a lively time when the House meets. Bunbury is still going strong. In addition to another £50,000 for those dreadful harbour works, a sum of £6.000 has been voted by Forrest Government for extending the jetty. Like the daughter of the horse-leech. Bun bury cries for more. A new mechanics institute, costing £500, an ocean drive, a Land and Agricultural Bank, and a dozen other modest requirements are now put forward. Sincere regret at enforced retirement of D. K. Congdon from Legislative Gouncil. He was one of the most kindly and genial members of that Chamber, and was always approachable. Still the old order of things must give place to the new. H. Lyal Hall. M.L.A, has crossed the floor of the House, and will for the future vote against the Forrest Government. He has just received the following :—" That the best thanks of the Master Tailors of Perth be tendered to Mr. H. L. Hall, M.L.A., for the trouble and interest he lias taken trying to secure the load manufacture of the clothing for the Imperial Bushmen's Contingent, ami that they express their regret that the Premier should have broken faith with him in accordance with the promise made in his letters of March 27 and 28, which stated that he would insist upon tlic goods being locally made instead of im ported." Hr John is very wroth with the noble six hundred who dared vote against George Shenton last Monday. If all those citizens entitled to exercise the franchise had been on the rolls Thomson would have beaten Shenton by three to one. Those who are afraid of the bubonic plague should be vaccinated right away Dr. Anderson has an ample supply of prophy lactic on hand, and is prepared, betweeu the hours of i«l and II a.ni-. to inoculate any persons who desire to take this means of fortifying themselves against contagion. The triumphant return of Charlie Sommers to Legislative Coucil has proved another bitter pill to Editor Hackett aad other anti- Federalists. The plucky little Mayor of Ooolgardie will shake things up considerably iu that usually sleepy chamber. A sum of £200 was cheerfully given by F urest Government to Cue Miners' Institute, which is about as dead as Julius Cjesar. Thus the Advocate :—" So far as we have been able to ascertain, a portion of it was devoted to paying off odd debts and it is hoped that the rest, with judicious economy, will be sufficient to keep the secretary iu a comfortable billet for the next eighteen months or thereabouts, aud to obviate iany painful necessity for trying to make the institution self-supporting, let alone paying." Concerning Sir John's famous climb down over Federation, a goldfields journal writes : " The spectacle of the portly Oorn John hurriedly divesting himself of his frock-coat, turning the sleeves inside out, clamberin into the garment again aud making a sickly attempt to appear unconcerned, half-ludicrous, half-pathetic." dome of his supporters look even worse, especiallj' those who had to appear before their constituents last Monday Lyall Hall, M.L.A.. has withdrawn from the Forrest ranks, much to the disgust of Sir John. On Wednesday next, the Annual dinner of the Railway Association will be held in the Bohemia Hall, Perth A large and thorough ly representative gathering is assured. At Noithain this week a man (:') taired and f< athered his wife. Fortunate for him that Judge Lynch was not at home. Mr. J. A. Hicks has presented a cheque for three guineas to Fremantle Fire Brigade for their prompitude in connection with a fire which recently occurred in one of his properties. George P. Harris Scarfe & Co. have just opened out a grand collection of footballs, lacrosse, and tenuis goods, and secretaries of clubs and others interested in mauly out door frames, are cordially invited to call at their extensive establishment in High Street. Nothing but the very best is imported by the firm, and in every instance per satisfaction can be guaranteed. Alick Forrest now says that he will not resign Perth Mayorship—just to spite 'em. Watson & Pattersons justly celebrated hams and bacon are now procurable iu W.A., through their agents. A. J. Tijou & Co., of High Street, Fremantle. This firm reports a great and growing demand for W. & P.'s produce, especially on the goldlields. Both cheese, butter, aud bacon, have to biiar a thumping protective duty, but even Sir George Shentou advo.-atedits abolition. Principal Medical Officer Black came in for some severe criticism at the hauds of Fremantle Councillors this week. One of said that Dr. Black did not care two straws as to what sickness Fremantle was saddled with so long as Perth was kept free. Perth, however, was a dirty, stinking, abominable hole, ten times worse than Fremantle. He bad bireu there, and seen some of the most abominable stinkjjots that he had ever come across. What has Alick Forrest got to sav to that.' Mr. C. F. Armstrong, the husband of Madame Melba, has obtained a divorce in Texas on the ground of desertion. The custody of the son, now 16 years old, has been awarded to the father. N.S.W. Government is spending £100,00J per month in cleaning up Sydney. Over a million per annum is a a tidy amount. North Fremantle Crcket Social, at Gresham Hotel next Friday, at 8 o'clock. A private in the Dublin Fusiliers, who collected a quite surprising number of bullets in his body, aud is even more bored by iuquisitive visitors to the Mooi River Hospital, was assailed by a pompous legislator trout Capetown. He wearily described his woim.is. Two bullets through his helmet, one iu his shoulder, another in his fut, ,: and tun explosive bullets through his left breast. •• It's a wonder you weren't killed," said the legis- lator ; " they must have passed perilously near the region of your heart." •• J'liev did that, bedad. 1 ' said tiie Fusilier, Out i was right enough, for. sure, me heart was in me mouth for safety," Fremantle Chamber of Commerce recently passed a resolution inviting Perth Cnauiber to co-operate in communicating to the P. & O., Orient, and Messagaries Companies, respectively, the general desire of the commercial and trailing community of Western Australia that their steamers snouid call at Fremantle within the present contract time Needless to add that Pertn Chamber has cordially agreed to do so. Railway Commissioner Piesse obstinately declines to rccognise the unious formed by enginedrivers and other employees. Wait a, while Tie 21th of May (Queens Birthday) which falls on a Thursday will be observed by the Government Offices and Branches on Alonday the 28th according to Act of Parliamentpassed last session. " Scrips " Fremantle—We cannot see that five years experience as a clow.i iu a fourth rate circus (perhaps fourth rate clown too) is any scare. Louis Botha, the Boer General, wiio has taken command in place of the late General Joubcrt, has been described as "a man after Oom Paul's own heart, filled with a deadly hatred of the English, a fanatic iu religion aud a merciless foe." Botha is, however, reputed to be, from the Boer point of view, a strategist of great merit. It is stated by the Berlin correspondent of the Standard that the auriferous veins, ruuioued for more than two centuries to exist in Siberia, seam at last to have been found. At least, the Tageblatt hears from St. Petersburg that the Englishmen who were authorised to prospect for gold near tiie eastern coast of Siberia, on the shores of tiie Sea of Okhotsk, liave discovered immensely rich strata, described as a second Kkmdyke. Now that the great Federal fight is about to take place, the forces are being rallied : the generals are already iu the tie d, aud the din of battle is upon us. Where is the National League ? Speak up, Lovckiu. The senior scholars attending Miss Hancock's school presented their teachcr with a handsome hand-bag on Thursday hist, tiie occasion being that lady's birt hday. Councillor George Willis and Mr. J. A. Hicks (of Roads Board fame) ruu well together in double harness, especially at elections (vide Monday's election for \Ycst Province). Both are progressive, energetic, show their colors, aud tight fair. So far Fremantle Local Board of Health has expended about £22ii on account of bubonic plague precautions. Captain Rees, who is temporarily in charge of the steamer Wollowra, was yesterday made the recipient of a gold locket from the passengers of the boat on her recent voy;tge from Melbourne. "Comp" asks is it legal for me (o pub" lish a newspaper at "Subiaco and Soutli Perth' containing the same imprint without registering the office where the papers are printed We would advise "Comp" to ask h« editor of the " Daily News," Perth. After paying all expenses connected with entertainiug the three contingents in Fremantle, there remains a surplus of £lvi7. which it is proposed to hand over to Fremantle patriotic fund. The firm of G. L). Stotter Ac Co , 'bus pro" priators. livery and bait stables, etc, ha s been dissolved by mutual consent. In future the business will be carried on by Mr G. D. Stotter at some address, Atttield street. Beaconsfield. How would "Sir J. W. Hackett" look among the next Birthday honors.' Of course, Hackett said that he would leave the colouy if W.A. federated. We s.iall see. A very fine collection of pot plants from Melville Park Nurseries was soul at Waghorn's auction mart, High Street, Fremantle, this week. Good prices were realised, and Mr. Muir, the manager, was well satisfied. Ail interested in horticultural pursuits, as well as those in search of garden laud, should pay Melville Park a visit. Indescribable enthusiasm was manifested iu Fremautle yesterday, especially by the railway loco, men, over the reported relief of Mafeking. Piper McKenzie was iu grand form, and never played better. Ex-editor Humphries tis going to Albany for the Herald. Pull up your fruit trees and plant them in fresh places ami you will get better fruit. More policy. Woman's suffrage in W.A. Any lady over age can now register in any pari of the colony, but netting on the roll is quiet another thing. Following tenders have just been accepted by P.W. D.:—Fremantle Prison, warders quarters, repairs, Ash ton ic Badham, £239 12s Id.; Fremantle Post-office, add it ions Thos. H. Parsons, £668 14. There are few better authorities on tui' and athletic matters than Tom U'Bcirne. the jopular host of the Club Hotel. He is a iberal patron of the South Fremantle Football Club, and the Club Hotel is their headquarters. besides being the rendezvous of all local sporting men. The club has been nicely done up, and looks as fresh ami bright as the proverbial new pin. There are rooms available for meeting of clubs aud committees, and it goes without saying tiiat the liquors aud cigars supplied, are of the very best. Alick Forrest, M.L.A., is one of the principle shareholders iu Perth Mornihg Hvraidso it is amusing to read this morning's leading article boasting up the Opposition aud slating the Forrest Government. Here is a chunk of It:—"It will be both interesting and profitble to know the different ways iu which the public accounts are " cooked" and dished up to suit the Ministerial palate. Nor would a retirement to the "cold shades of Opposition" be without its benefits for the leader of the Government He, too, will then be able to view the medal from the reverse side. " Begasus " has issued a writ against the Herald. Sporting men class " Begasus " as one of the best sporting writers iii Australia. 