First Steps of the Boxers. A correspondrnt.at Paoting-fu'of the '' Peking and Tientsin Times '' wrote on the 23rd ultimo {— ' ? Prom being a movemi-nt away south of us throe months ngu, the Boxers have e«m« almost to talting'possession of the capital oF Chiiili Province. ' Last Fiidiiy thev commenced drilling openly in one' of the large tprriples' in tho pity. The officials ordered thp.m to stop — but they showed such temper that tho Provincial Treasurer ou'li'd in soldiers, guns, ancl cannon from a niiglibourinK camp to proteebjiis Yamen. The Boxers then moved to iinother temple, hnt still kept up the drilling, . So tinny troops have been drawn of!' into the country, reinforcements from Peking and K'ai P'irg ha* e ii ^ ' latter, stmw hats and all, uj/ * -l or thereabouts in numberrj ' very dec-nt appearance. -Kl^JL^^u affairs are progressing, theeo troops''wiUti be but-a drop in a bucket, Tho details , of the Kao-H massacre are still confused. The truth seems to be the attack was first made on the chapel and when all there were killed, attention was turned to the dwellings. Evidently a number A of bands were to have united iu the *% plunder on a Hied date already given to \ the vilhigp, but one or two could'nt ' wait, and in order to get ahead of the others, caught the villagers unnwares. '~ The man who escaping, brought the nevvB to Pao-ting-f'u, was chased by the Boxers to a well, into which he threw himself. They then fired down at him, also dropped bricks, &c;, and left the spot thinking him dead. His ghost ' however,' crawled out, and reached here early Sunday morning. No other nur vivors have come. The Catholic population— over 100 men, women, and children^— seems to have been wiped but. The soldiers sent to investigate found smoking ruins, and ''alas! -these people hRd perished in the fire !' Is is said . fome forty Bsxers were driven into the plain, and were killed in puniihment. This is hearsay. The commander ef the forces went up to Ting- Hsing to veetigate- — but too many Boxers were there, so, like the noble Duke of York, he camS/anarching down again. To-day comes the news that some where between Ting- Hsing and Cho Chou, a Colonel, Tartg Fu T'ung, with thirty soldiers on horse, were surrounded by Boxers. His horse was killed under him; whereupon his followers fled and left him to be despatched at the enemy's ' eape. Helived in Paoting-fu, and at the first uprising against the Roman Catholics, fifteen miles south of us, he was sent witn troops to preserve order. Just Row the Dowager will look upon her playful children-1- who are drilling for ' amusement ? alfd protection ' — is not ea?y to foresee. Also' comes the news of two Protestants ' being killed at a London Mission Station south-east of Cho Chq,U: — the gate-keeper and a teacher named Chao.' Thus the Catho lics and the London. Mission have been vjsiud. A few minutes ago came a letter 'from Ch'i Chi— 150 li south of us — saying one of the American Board Church members has been murdered close by fthat place. This opens new complications south of 'is. At jet the west ha? been untouched. Catholics south and east are leading their homes anS fleeing here for refuge. In other ' places they have no time, to till their fields ; the Boxers, however, being, so numerous, divide their' families, some drilling and some working in the fields to support the rest. - Two weeks ago Mr. Simcox, of the Presbyterian MieRionjon arriving with his helper at 'Wan Hsien, 70 li weBt of here, was met by a mob, 'who wrecked the furniture of the chapel and siezed on nn inquirer just coming in from the country. They twice brutally beat him, finally leaving him for dead. After' some hours he recovered sufficiently to be sent home. The main leader was an -official in the Yiimtn, who was the only one who dared to'attack Mr. Simcox, hurling a block of wood at Vim. - The Kuan finally appeared and promised repairs on the property, also furnishing an escort ont of town fn- the early morning. The Prefect, has already punished two men for the trouble, but the two ringleaders, tbe Yamen official and a banished murderer from Peking, will probably escape punishment. In-' - cidentally, Mi. Simcox's'bag was lifted for ' well poison,' but the Kuan, niter tasting the' cough tablets and quinine, politely returned them as being harm lees, though tasty. ' i« 