COPflRf ON THE CONTISEBT. N arriving at Calais, or ^^^. . whatever port . - may , - ? f — ^^. ' have been . chosen, the ?* ' ' rh==, tL arst thing to be done, * * ' '''jf^^ l^says Mr. C..E. Jofan Jtfej^i i 'stone in this month's ? ^%\H ~J- 1 'Travel,' is to get jWm WT I through the enforced ^—AV T V # interview with the /r^Tv^-^' I M ' Custom House au V'fc\\-:iX^&U; thorities. Whether as the result of the old antagonism with France which existed at the time of the Battle of Waterloo, or merely on general sound commercial principles, the Eng lishman who crosses the Channel always feels it to be his sol emn duty to smuggle something; and, being of an unimaginative disposition, the article which he generally selects for the purpose is Sir Walter's poisonous weed. Now for the different methods in -which this is to be done, the native ingenuity .of each individual will, as a rule, suffice to discover the ways*and means best suited to the particular occasion. To the inexperienced, however, the following hint may be of use. Smokable cigars can be obtained in most Conti nental towns of a tairly sound quality, and at a most reasonable price. The same is true, though in a slightly less degree, of cigarettes; but pipe tobacco is practically unobtainable. Therefore, if the traveller happens to belong to this particular sect of the worshippers at the shrine of My Lady Nicotine, he will do well to centre all his smug gling powers on half a pound or so cf the Arcadia mixture, so cunningly bestowed about his person as to escape the eagle eye and penetrating fingers of the douanier. Tobacco naturally suggests matches and on this subject a word or two of warning will not be out of place. The Continental lucifer is a de graded and attenuated object, a weak-kneed, sul phurous 'abomination, which stinks in the nos trils of all right-minded people; and the tempta tion to take over a supply of English vestas is naturally very strong. As an antidote, however, the French authorities have passed a stringent regulaion, fixing the fine for. this particular act of smuggling at the cheerful rate of one franc per match; and their method of detecting the same is childlike and bland. A- harmless-looking indi vidual comes up at Calais Sation and asks politely if Monsieur can oblige him with a light, and when Monsieur produces, not without pride, a bloated and hypertrophied box of the familiar B. and M., the bland individual begins on a rapid calculation which is apt to startle anyone wbo has not a good head for figures, and a good pocket for paying fines. After all, humanity is frail, and the traveller will doubtless continue to take a sup ply of matches abroad, as he has always done hitherto; only after this, do not let him say that he has not been warned! The French as a nation have acquired a great reputation for politeness,1 whereas the English are notorious for the boorish, surliness of their man ners. Fortunately, however, French politeness may be acquired by any intelligent being under five minutes, for it is a thing which involves ab solutely no troubles, and consists mainly in say ing, 'Pardon, Monsieur,' and 'Merci, Madame,' at frequent intervals, accompanied by an elaborate bow, or a lifting of the hat as the case may be. If only one of the kerb-stone toy .vendors in Cheapside would start a figure which would make these two remarks, and take off its hat at the same time, in less than a week London would be come as polite as Paris, plus the general desire which exists in most English people to assist any one who stands in need of assistance. That this is not a striking characteristic of the French will be proved by anyone who cares to experi ment on the respective methods of the English 'Bobby' and the French gendarme. The for mer is the knight-errant of the timorous old lady, the walking encyclopaedia of the chatty old gentleman, the consoler of the lost child, and the guide, philosopher, and friend of the human race. The latter is the possessor of a pencil and note-book, a strine down his trouser. and a T-ro- found suspicion and distract of his fellow-beings, who have been sent into the world mainly as ob j jects upon which he may exercise his somewhat tyrannical authority. Just as the gendarme is, in the words of the late Laureate, 'the same yet not the same' as the English-policeman so. there are many other things in which the likeness is just sufficient to be mis leading, while the dissimilarity is definite enough to be extremely irritating.. Take for instance, the !cup which cheers but does not inebriate. In English we spell it t-e-a, and it signifies a deli cious beverage compound of choice Souchong, orange Pekoe, or one-and-sevenpenny Lipton, as the case may be, calculated to strengthen the I weary, -'restore the fainting, and hearten up the ? exhausted gossip for another batch of scandal. j On the Continent they spell it t-h-e, and pro I nounce it as if it was in some mysterious way | connected with the tonic sol-fa system; though i this- is the only kind of tonic which it possesses. j It is made by stewing a small quantity of chopped I hay in a large supply of tepid water, and is served | along with large square lumps of a species of i chalk, which is extracted, by people who are old enough to know better, from the root of the beet, ! and is called by courtesy 'su.rar.' 'Ne sutor | ultra crepidam.' 'Don't buy bananas from your i boot-maker;' and when you are on the Continent ! drink the coffee and chocolate which they thor oughly, understand, and make to perfection; and -either make your own tea, or go without it. The subject of tea naturally suggests breakfast, and breakfast inevitably suggests that mainstay of the British Empire — bacon and eggs. It should ' be understood at once that this dish has no ob jective existence on the other side of the Channel, True, there is a weird mixture of the flesh of the pig and the fruit of the hen known as oeufs an jambon, but it bears about the same resemblance to the real article as the peaches en compote of the Italian rrestaurant do to the peaches which grow ?ijpon the sunny southern wall of your own care fully-tended Kitchen garden. They can make beautiful emelettes and splendid 'scrambled ? eggs,' tinder the name of oeufs brouilles, but the Continental 'ham-and-eggs' are a mere ghost of the genuine article. \- The Italian method of trading seems extraordi narily idiotic. Instead of ticketing his goods with the p.rice at which they are' for sale the Italian tradesman begins by naming a price far higher than he dreams of getting, while the purchaser begins at the ether end by offering a sum far ov er than he thinks for a moment will be accepted. After a great expenditure of time and argument a compromise is at length arrived at, and the ar ticle is bought at a figure which could just as easily have been named in the first instance. 