Bullet Music. Every man has in the way of fire Ins likes and dislikes, writes Mr. Battersby in a war .letter to the Morning Post. Some men always hob to a bullet : ollnrs catch their breath at a shell, dread I he patter of the Maxim. It is not a question of timidity or deadlines, but of per sonal antipathy. Infantry fiie is be\oi;d all question most fatal, hut many pay less l.eed to the whispered whistle of the bullet than to any other forms of flying death. There is a bird out here, a little Drown bird like a bfauibling, with a note that exactly mimics/the Manser, and an uncomfcitable habit of fluting it in ugly places. The Lee-MetfordY uote is nearly a uiira lower, and the Martini has the dull buzz of a laden bee. Between the three there is no mis taking, but the Boers have four or five other rifles harder to recognise. The note varies, no doubt, the rifling and initial velocity ; it varies» too, with the length of flight, The Mauser's most melodious period is 1800 yards; .point-blank -it is a nasty nasal Bneer, but one may be a poor judge of melody at close quarters. A flat-nosed or duiii-dummed Mauser probably makes a sound which one probably attributes lo some unknown rifle, but the queerest note of ail comes from a Mauser spinning the' wrong way after a richoc.het. It is like the coughing of a sick ghost— inde scribably blood-curdling. Perhaps The know ledge that at. such odd tuouieHnts it will let an inch of daylight through one adds to the effeet. The- worst and best' of bullet tiiusrc is that one always heurs it behind. It is past before the ear can make a uot© of il» .Bui 'list ia only ft consolation when the bullets are few. On one bond one listens to the panting of a shell or a bomb as quite appreciable before'ihe spliltiug bang announces its arrival somewhere. The panting grows clearer and seems to grow quicker as the thing cbuies straight onward, till one cau almost feel it in the air, That, if one is sitting still and has ever known the thiug to open at one's feet, is the phyachological moiiient for 'which, on a battlefield one has the least use. But the damage which a Shell does not do is wonderful. At Driefonteiii the enemy dropped one into the leading team of the baggage train, just as the order was brought in lo hear, to the | right. The shell dropped between the second span of mules, and the whole 10 were lifted o£E their legs by t e explosion, and disappeared in a squealing, kicking cloud of smoke. As the dust subsided, and the diivera went forward to cut out the pieces, the muleB staggered, spau by span to their feel, and weut forward with a whinny to the craek of I lie whip, none the woise for their tumble. Such incidents should make one view shell-fire almost: with a friendly eye ; but tt.e 15-pouuder is not always a buuioriBt. 