! Comic Cnt&pigs-; There are probably as good fish In tho sea as ever were Hed about. 'Your wife is always so out-spoken.1; 'Yes, outspoken, but never out-talked.' ? Morning wraps were the invention oh the man jvho wakes tf? hotel guests for the early train. ' You told me you and Harry loved at sight.' ' Yes, ibfft we quarrelled on acquaintance' At a tPwVu meeting In Ireland It was recently voted, 'that all persons in the t-«v»« owning dogs shall be muzzled.' ' Does position affect sleep ?' asked a medical writer. It does when the man holds the position of night watchman. ' Do you know much about that horse you bought from tho Deacon ?' 'I know more about the Deacon than I did.' Some one has written a poem on 'The Tongue of Liberty.' The tongue of liberty generally belongs to a married ?rxmrr* n n 'You say that horse Isn't afraid of any thing. Can my wife drive him?' 'I don't know, sir. I have never seen your wife.'' Visitor: 'But this portrait of Mr. Bulger is a good deal more than life size.' Artist: 'I know:; It.'' That in the size he thinks he is.'--' 'Didn't I lend you £5 a month or so ago ?' ' Yes, I believe you did. I'm ever so much obliged for' your kindness. I feel I can never repay you.' Lady Friend (to '? young? widow) : ' You're gardening, I see, Lucy.' Young Widow (with a weary smile) : 'Yes. I wish I could, so to say, rtransplant.tny weeds !' ?Watts: ''There seems- to be some -truth 4n the saying that heaven helps those who help themselves.' Potts : ' Of course there Is. They aTe the only kind worth helping.' First Beggar: 'Hello! Plckln' up ?anything on your rounds these days?' Second Beggar: 'Ain't nothin' doin' at all. I had to draw five pounds out of the bank to-day ter pull me t'rough.' Patient : ' That sign of yours Is not very encouraging.' Dentist: 'Why so ? I guarantee to extract teeth with out pain.' Patient : ' Yes ; but I want the pain extracted. I'd rather keep the tooth.' ' Wliyfor eez lt'zat avomtm's face eez used on zee silver dollarin zis oountry ?' inquired a visiting foreigner. ' Be cause,' growled the~ impecunious native, ' it is the idiom of our language that money talks.' _. - Aunt (to Tommy, who has been to the menagerie) : 'Well, Tommy, did you see the tiger ?' ' Tommj*- (whimpering) : 'Yes, b-4-btt ? ' Aunt: 'But what— what are you. crying about ?' Tommy : 'They wouldn't let me stroke his ears.' Miss Northside (to lier: brother) : 'Do you know, Fred, that no fewer than four men want to marry ;ine ?','. Fred : 'All right, sis, may the ; 'best man win !' Miss Northside : ' You don't know much about such things. . A bride does not marry the best man.' 'Canrobert ' was inspecting the new gaiters worn by the light Infantry. See ing one that was badly fastened, he took the .wearer to task. 'Look here, I'll send you my nurse to button It on for you.' 'Quite unnecessary, General ; I see her every day. And CJanroberi burst out laughing. ' Mabel, why don't your mamma weaj diamond earrings like my mamma's?' ' She left 'em home, and papa's hid 'em where the robbers can't get 'em.' 'Where has he hid 'em?' ' Why, 1 heard him tell mamma that he had put them up the spout, and he^guessed they would stay there.' Winks: 'What makes you look so glum?' Jinks: 'I have six daughters, uuiic \/L nielli iiiaii'ieu, ui uiiieij' lu uc WlnkB: 'And you glum over It? You \ are the most ungrateful mortal that ever breathed. I have sfx' daughters, all mar ried, all haver- children, arid I've got to support the wliole crowd.' A.: 'Did it ever recur to you what a charming conversationalist P ? is ?' B.: 'Well, I don't know; not parti cularly. Why ?' A.: ' Oh, he is, decidedly. He hasn't the ghost of n memory, you know, and. you can tell your stories to him over and over again, and he enjoys them every time as much as at the first telling.' -. . ^ A youngster one '6Tay eluded punish ment by creeping under a table, where his mother could not reach him. Short ly after, his father came In, and, when told of the state of affairs, crawled on his hands and knees In search of his son and ? heir, when, to his astonishment, he was greeted' with this inquiry:—' 'Hullo, father! Is she'after you. too?' An American gentleman was talking of a little game of poker, down In Texas somewhere, In which he had taken part. ' The man on my right,' he said, 'held four kings and an ace. The man on my left held ifour aces and a king.' 'And what did you hold ?' some one asked. ' Well, I was acting coroner at the time. I guess I held the inquest.' 