SITHAYU'S REVENGE. By J.D. GORDON. (Copyright.) This story is about a tree. It would seem natural to give that tree a name; but there Is this difficulty. I do uot know U ! In five different parts of India I have heard that tree called by five different names. It looks like the familiar old ißanya'n. Let us call it co. Anyhow, whatever its right name, all that is important for the due appreciation of our story is that the branches of this tree grow rapidly downward when about 10ft. long, take root upon reaching the ground, and again spring upward with renewed vigcur. As the pendent branches approach th<j earth, they shoot out long thin fibres, which, to the ignorant, superstitious in halbitant of the Jungle, might well resemble demon fingers, and account in some snea- Hure for the ghastly ideas he has formed, on the su'bjeot of our nameless tree. " Ohe, one. Sahib ! One, one, Sahib ! Come hither I pray you, quickly, quLckly." 'Now what In the name of all that is wonderful possesses my old shikari to go howMng like a fiend and disttTbing me just ■as 1 had stretched my weary limbs for a good rest In this shady tpot ? There being, however, no remedy, I must needs rise and go where 'the old scoundrel stands franti cally waving his arms. If I confess to being tired and dead-.beat there Is 'some excuse for me. * We left the fortress of Asserghur, where ray regiment is quartered, ■at 4 a.m. this morning, and have been tramping through thick jungle ever since, In the hope of getting a shouat sambhur. It U now mid-day, and nature imperatively demands rest and refreshment. But there, just as I am comfortably settled, this in spired idiot mudf necda begin howMng and gesticulating. " Weli, you old budmash, what i« the matter ?" The old shikari i« positively green with fright ; his eyes roll wildly, end hia tooth are placing 'the oastenets. "Oh, Sahib, Sahib," he quavers, "you were under the 'Shaltan tree ; your life has wavered in the balance, but, thank heaven, you have escaped !" " You 'miserable old idiot, what are you chattering aibout ? What on earth do you call a Shaitan (demon) tree 1" " Provider of the poor, do not scorn my words. Your slave has called that tree a S-haltan tree —an accursed tree—a tree that has drunk of human blood. And my words are true j with mine own eyes did 1 twe the evil work of which those branches feAVft been guilty ; with mine own ears awe I heard the death shri«ka of the vie- Vpu it had enfolded In its murderous em- Ibrato 1" v Having known the old shikari, Mahadeo, for some time, and always having found him respectful and trustworthy, I could but feel that he was in earnest and not try ing, to use a slang expression, to pull my leg. But what, on earth ddd he meau ? Trees are not wild beasts to *»r and devour human .beings ; nor is this one. despite its weird appearance, gifted with any noxious qualities so far as I can SO9. Maliadeo, however, was a Gond, aud, like moat of his race, deeply superstitious, and imbued with all sorts of wild ideas as to ghosts and demons, ghouls, and withcraft. I again stretched myself in soars welcome shade, and whilst discussing some hunter's fare, bade the old Silnner explain what he'meant by his strange utterances. All around was hushed anft still, for at no time of the day or night is the jungle so silent as at midday. Beasts iv their lair, blrfls in the trees, alike Indulge iv sound siesta. Erom afar was wafted the distant boom of a gun fired from the fort, the 12 o'clock gun ; from further still the faint, shrill shriek of a railway whistle reminded one that life and civilisation were still within reach, even, though a death-like calm ruled all around. Squatting on Tils hunkers, munching some dried grain, which he always carried safely tied up 'in the end of his kumurband, old Mahadeo looked like a " luugur," one of those large gray apes, which it is safest to admire at a distance. He munched ai.d munohed, then took a long dfcjak of water and prepared to tell, mo -his wonderful tale. The story will lose In repetition.' How am I to give his gestures, his oArneutnesa, his subtle touches of humour ? BuT even in the coldest black and white the fac»3 are so "horrible that without the accessories I have described they will repay perusal. " What I shall tell your honour hap pened many years ago, ay, good forty years ago. That tree, sahib, is more thau 200 years old, and during all that time has It been held accursed and feared -by all around. Aha ! you English sahlba fear neither man "nor devil ; but still, believe me, that the strength of no living man would be more than one grain of sand to the desert as com pared to that of this Shaltan) tree. Once within its grip, tho embrace of a boa con strictor would bo preferable ; the trunk of a mad elephant a softer resting place. " Listen, Sahib. In a village not quite two miles from here there lived In those days my uncle Sithayu, the headman of the village. He was the richest man in the neigbboufihood, bis cattle the fattest, his mares the eleekest. Whilst all others lived in bouses made of mud, his alone was built of solid timber, fit for a sahib to live in. " But it was not for himself that he had taken so much trouble and gone to so much expense. No ! No !' It was for his young wife Moti, the Pearl which he had fetched from afar, and which was priceless in his eyes. For her no silk was too good ; no gold too pure to clasp her wrists and ankles; no food too fine to tempt her wayward ap petite. The fond old man, for, alas, he certainly was thirty years older than his bride, would have willingly given his life blood if he could therewith have profited her anything. But love does not beget love, and youth seeks youth, even as flowers turn lovingly to the sun ! " Not far from here there Bwelt one Sud dhoo, the strongest man in all the country ; as straight as a pine, as supple as a tiger, and as black-hearted as a cobra. Thl3 man, loved Moti, and the poor little Pearl saw no heaven above her except when in Sud dhoo's arms. " Such a state of things, oh, Sahib, might long continue unknown and unobserved i among6t tho dwellers in cities, but here in open jungle nothing is hidden. Ere long it was known throughout all our villages that Sithayu hud been disgraced. A pun chayalt" (meeting) "of the brotherhood was summoned, and twenty or us met stealthily one night out here In the jungle, to discuss what steps must be taken to wash out the stain now cast upon us. Sithayu bade the youngest man speak first ; unmoved he listened, whilst first one and then another urged the necessity of seizing the guilty ones when together, so that there might be full right to &lied; blood. Death by the bow-string, death by hanging, death by pressure, were all proposed. " Does my master know what death by pressure means ? No ? Then hearken. The victim Is bound hand and foot, a bam boo lattie is passed under his neck, another over his neck ; then these two sticks are tied together, working from the end to the middle, so that at the last death ensues after much torture. Horrible, you say ! Ay, so it was ; but remember that with us black men revenge is sweet, and that a sum of money paid down in courts of justice is ■no salve to our dishonour. Blood and blood alone can wipe away our disgrace. " Bach man, as I have said, outdid bis neighbour In suggesting torture and death, but old Sithayu sat unmoved, an evil smile upon his darkened face. At length, when all were silent, he laughed a great laugh, and said, ' What, can no man suggest better than that ? Are we children playing with mud sparrows ? Shall your headman be dishonoured and only take such vengeance as might befit a low-born Chamar ? 110, ho, my brothers, we must do a deed that will be spoken of far and near ; a deed that will cause men to shake and tremble ; a deed, however, so skilfully arranged that the long-reaching arm of the Sirkar will I not be able to touch us. See now, ye that are of my blood, to-niotrow night will we offer to the Goddess Kali, mother of ven geance, and over the outpoured blood each of ypu shall swear to carry out my behests implicitly, and -not let his heart be softened, come, go, what may." ■* " We separated, only to meet the next night, when the guru'" (family priest) " sacrificed a kid, a cock, and a black pig to the awful goddess. Over the mingled blood of the three victims Sithayu caused each of us to swear three things ; first, to meet him on the next full moon some days later ; second, to obey his every word on the fateful night, and third, not to reveal what might be done to any mortal soul for at least one year from the date of its oc currence. "" Suddhoo, the while, seemed all uncon scious of approaching harm. Never did he walk with more defiant air, never were the points of bis beard more proudly raised, never did his love songs resound more freely down the 'village street ; whilst Moti, luck less maiden, openly watched for hiß coming aud sighed al his departure. " Ah, Sahib, how is it that mankind can not feel the impending stroke of doom ? The traveller sings a joyous soag and hastens on his way, but the snake strikes him on the heel and the song is over. The swimmer rejoices in his strength and make* boldly for the shore ; a minute hence the the waters, stained red, and a few air bub bles alone show that life was there. But these things are in the hand of fate. Why not sing and rejoice so long as health and strength are given U3 ? " Sithayu too went about his usual voca tions, and neither by word nor deed re vealed to any one the frenzied rage that was consuming his breast. The day before the full moon, having announced his intention of departing for throe days to look at some cattle, he mounted his favourite mare Bijll and rodo away. " Need I tell you, Sahib, that no sooneT was the sound of hi-3 horse's hoofs lost in the di&ltauce; than Moti sent word t<> her lover 'to come quickly. He came, and to gether they made merry over the foolish old man. who must needs go buying cows, 'though he left his more precious possession alone and unprotected. Laugh on, oh fo;>ls, make much of the hours that remain ! Kias while you 'have breath, embrace while you have strength, for one is striding to wards you whose kiss is cold, whose em brace holds tighter than bands of steel ! " True 'to our promise, we of the brother hood all met 'the following day, and await ed Stthayu's coming at the placs he had designated. He, tco, came and bade us wait and refresh ourselves um'til the moon should first show herself above ithe tree-top 3. 'For she," said SH'hayu with a laugh, ' will bs much needed to-night.' Later I understood the full meaning of his words. " ' See,' continued the headman, ' these long strips of buffalo hiile ! Are they not strong ? Would they not bind a 'tiger? And, oh. wiM 'they not cut deoply Lhrough flesh and blood ? Hearken, my brcthera, there are twenty of us here, so there can ba no difficulty In seizing Suddtooo alive a,:id whole. I would not have -him lose one drop of blood before the time comes to lay him in 'the gentle embrace that I have prepared for him. The woman, tco, shall ye seize and bear unhurt 'to where I bid you. Oho, oho, softly shall ithey sleep, locked iv each other's arms ! Who am I, toothless old wretch, 'to sever two fend lovers ? Nay, surely, I shall help them ; so that men may long say : " See ! that is Sithayu who placed his wife in her lover's arms and lei't her 'there !" ' " Hi* hoarso laugh sounded evilly upon the sitlll evening air, and well we knew from his flashtog eye and quivering hands ■::hat Tie was 'impatient to begin the bloody work- • " Some two hundred paces outside the village there i-3 a large clump of bamboos; a snug .nest for lovers When they meet, an* to the spct Moll would wander to be Joined &oon; after by her lover Suddh,:o. There would *he lie by the hour and sing her songs of 'love, or tell her tales to fll) her soul with wonder. " When t;ha moon rose Sithayu bade us put off our shoes and follow him in si'ence. Ah, Sahib, when we track the wild beast in the jungle and «ta\fc him with bent b-dy and muffled 'tread, tho heart beats loud end the blood flows swiftly through the veins, buit what is such ahlkar ';o the hunting of man ? It is but dhilld's play. " At a sign frcm our leader we surround ed the clump of bamboos, sjowly cloilcg in upon our prey. We could hear snatches of and rippling laughter, for of a truth that scoundrel Suddhoo knew much poetry and could sing the livelong night, as sweetly as a bulbul. Never shell I forget the \ers-e ihat 'he was sln'glug as we drew nigh ; it ran thus : ' There to pitch my tent—for ever There to gaze on my Beloved ; Gaze, till gazing out of gazing Grew to being her I gaze on.' " Thus sang he his last song on earth, for at the signal we rushed upon himf and though he struggled fiercely, bound him 'hand and fcot with the cruel cords of buffalo hide. We bou,nd his puggarl firmly across his mouth to prevent his cries being heard, and then awaited Sithayu's further orders. ' Moti had sunk upon the ground and lay well-nigh unconscious from fright. No hands but her husband's were laid upon her. He alone secured her hands and fee:, gagged her mouth and lifted her form in his arms bade us raise Suddhoo aud follow him. Remember, Sahib, I sneak of forty years ago. No wretched spy was then ly ing in wait to report our movements at the nearest police-sitation : fearlessly we strode along, sure of being undisturbed. " ' Bring the drums and gongs," cried our leader, ' we must have music for our little turaasha, and besides,' he adde:!, 'they wi'l serve to scare away unwelcome Intruders upon four feet.' " Right ahead of us strode Sithayu, wkh Moti in his arras, leading the way into the thickest jungle to wlvere, Sahib, you may see 'the Shaitan tree. This was ouc. goal, and here we laid our burdens on t:he ground, whilst the headman spoke as fol lows : " ' Well and truly have ye done, my brethren, and now your tolls are over. You need but ?.it round in a circle and watch the wondrous thing that will now be 3hown to you. Hearken, my brothers ! All of you know this tree, and all of you hold it accut sed, but do you know why ? There is yet time, the moon >is not at her full height ; I will tell you. Through the heart of that tree s. mighty splri't passes on his way to the worlds below ; but ence in every month under a curse laid upon him he i.3 bound to spend the whole night, until the moon sets, within its branches. His power goes no further, 'but within the circle of those drooping arches he is all powerful. No tiger dare ret 1: beneath those bcughs, nor would the mighty strength of the elephant avail him aught within rheir magic oircle. See, my brothers, those four 'long branches now swinging freely. Yesterday they hail taken root 'in the ground, and were useless for my purpose, tout I have cut them free, and you shall with your own eyes beholi • the vengeance of Sithayu.' "Thus saying, he 'raised the quivering form of Moti and placed her, all (bound ac she was, face to face with Suddhoo. With his own bands .he firmly tied tHe luckless lovers -close together, then laughed aloud. ' Oho, all men, cum I not Sithayu, who speaks true words ? ©id I act promise to lay the 'Pearl In 'her lover'a arms ? Now see you, there she Ues ; 'he holds her fast. But stay awhile, aod he will hold her closer yet. 1 " With these words he eelzed the helpless figures, bound iv ithelr el'range embrace, and .hurled them right under the long pen dent arms of the Shaitan itree. Provider of tho poor, shall I go on with my tale ? Or da&s; the sahib weary of the black mam's nonsense ? So, so, It 'le well. Of your great kindness .be it then ; your slave will tell you ell he saw. " When the human bodies -were thrown beneath ithe long branches, all the leave* fluttered and rustled as though moved by ft mighty wind ; ibut the night was stLll. From afar icams the deep, hoarse cries of the jui?gle. the deep note of a tlgex, the yapping and .screaming of countless jackals, the hooting of an owl, but no human voice to bring help to the doomed wretches. All of a sudden the long branches began to sway backwards and forwards, and the wholo tree, as If awakened out of slumber, began to rook and groan. " 'Strike up the music !' screamed Sitha yu ; and it was time, for in hie fnant'c struggles Suddhoo had mana.ged to get rid of the cloth across his mouth. Wild ftud clear his shrieks arose on fctte midnight air —prayers for mercy, mingled winh an*d curses and vows or^etygeanee. "But the buff^lip'itl<le" held fast, and old Slthayu laughed aloud at the man's anguish. ' He who steals from the gray wolf's lair should do so once and not return again : but thou, oh fool, hast neither wit nor sense. Why dost thou not laugh now at the fond old man who knew not how to guard his treasure ? How taste her kisses now ? There is lime and to spare ; take your flil and cease not.' But louder than the nolsa of gong aud drum, or than the mocking voice of Sithayu, rose the death shrieks* of the man beneath the Shaitaln tree. " But see now, the long branches have ceased to quiver, and one of th∋ is slowly creeping towards Suddhoo's head ; its long; roots, like so many giant fingers are closing down with Irresistible fcrce. lHa. ! the long; knotty fibres have taken hold Just whera the head joins the body ; another branch now swiftly steals to where the feet lie closely bound togethor and encirclo them in its foul erabrance ! Believe me, Sahib, had it not been for my oath I must have sprung forward and severed those living bonds, but tho wrath of Kali was over my hoad. and Sithayu stood by, convulsed with fiendish laughter. Ere long the reaiaiaing branches had fastened on their victims, and then began 'the strangest sight of all. " Have you. my master, ever noticed an elophant as he picks up foo<J with his trunk. Even so, the four branches as if moved by a common instinct rolled the bodies round and round ever upwards till with a slow, dfliberate swing they dropped them into the great hollow centre trunk. We 3aw no more, but ah ! what voice can tell the horror of the sounds we beard ! The gre.it tros shuddered convulsively again and a.xaln through all its limbs, and tha leaves dd.nc.e3 madly in the moonlight. Were the.word 3 or Sithayu true ? Was a grim spirit in deed devouring the luckless lovers so ruth lessly cast into his embrace ? I know not, perchance shall never know. Bitt the hor ror of that night will live with me so lorg as I live. Yet vengeance is sweet and dus to Kali ! " The moon waa sinking rapidly, an 1 oil had grown still. Not a leaf of the tree now moved ; not a groan, no, not even a sigh, could dp heard. All was over. We turned away, and each man went to his own -home. " For full three days Sithayu was as a man possessed, or rather as one who has drunk freely of strong drink. He laughed, he crooned snatches of sonar ; his youth, he said, had returned to him. Rut, ala 3, to wards evening of the third day ft terrible change came o'er him. He slowly stag gered towards the fatal clump of bamboos, and sank exhausted on the very spot where Moti last had rested. Hour after hour, day after day. he sat there, silent and unmoved, his head sunk upon his breast. In vain we tried to rouse his attention or srlr h'm from the place. In his eyes (.hero burnt a strange flame ; he saw us not. his mental vision was bent on something we could not see. Fcod and drink fia alike rejected for six long days and nights, until bis sltln was shrivelled on his bones, and his laboured breath sWbwed how little life was loft within him. Did I not. oh Sahib, say that ven geance is swe-etr? The words nre true,but ven geance is in the hands of the Rods, ond if we snatch it thence they perchance In their anprer may smite us sorely. So was it with Sithayu. Sore smitten he hal been, pud his life must pay the penalty for his revengeful deed. " Towards midnight on the sixth night Sithayu made a feeble effort to raise himself, but in vain. Raising a hand aloft as though to call some one. he cried out : ' Motl ! Moti ! my matchless pearl !' Thon fell back, dead. " Now. Sahib, judge whether I have cause or not to call you away from under those accursed branches : judge, too, whether I was right to call the tree accursod. There, Sahib, my tale is told." (The End.) Writing to a Sydney firm, a oorresnon* dent at the Caroline Islands states that since the Germans succeeded the Spaniards in 'the Carolines affairs have been very auiet. although progressive in a commer cial Way. While the Spaniards ruled the Carolines. the natives were continually at loggerheads, much of which was caused by the Spaniards themselves. Whose govern ment was despotic and not calculated to encourage industry among the natives. Qjio of the good results that followed the advetti of the German governor was the prohlbii tion of these village bickerings, and of th< importation of guna and ammunition, with the use of which the natives were altogether too familiar. Japanese schooners had been' in the habit of landing these munitions ow the islands, but 'the Germans notified thq masters of the vessels that the trade must 9too. The natives show their appreciation of the new form of government, and tha indications are that the neglected resource* of the islands will be fully developed IrliA« In the next few year*. 