A ROGUE AMD HIS MONKEY.' I 'It in* nMl exUnordlnarj thing, ? ? ? hut Hte *500 UnVn.'ta I pulln i t.i the safe Oil* morning lew disappeared.' | V.hi dun 'I p'V **. 'Ir- *-Mr B,e- *''* | unfortunate, and ho* unpleasant for ua all. I or course. the key# have never loft vour: |H»«iwi-in sin.* you looked tlie nolo up?' j '? Never for a niomnnl, Kohmian#,' until j Mr. Hieliards, the Manchester lawyer, a* he Ilia mean lnokino chief clerk wiih . the utmost perplexity from which suspicion wiu entirely absent. ' It in quite Iscwildcr ing. My duplicate Bet in at hoinii. Resides, | 1 do not see how any thief eould get at the | safe In tho daytime, wheu wc are all busy j around it. The lock does not appear to have | bf!CJi tampered with, the oonleiits arc un j disturbed, but tho note iB'gone. , ? ? Pardon me, sir, perhaps you never put j it in there at all. l'orliapt you will find it in j your poekct-bo'ok all safe and sound.' '? Don't talk foolishness, Soloinnns.' cried his employer crossly. Nevertheless lie drew out h'iswallot and examined its contents with great deliberation. He searched all bis pookets, and turned out his private desk. ''Tush !' he exclaimed, 'what an ass 1 am ! Don't I know quite well that 1 placed it carefully in one of the drawers of the safe, and nowhere else ?' ' Umph !' Tho clerk ran the tip of his penholder through his fluffy hair and looked dreadfully concerned on hia employer's account. ' Let's take out the drawer, 'said he with an air of inspiration, ' and aee if the note lias slipped behind it.' This was done, and the interior of the safe taken to pieces as far as was possible; every noTik and corner of the office was cleared out, but the mis'sing ' monkey ' — to adopt the phraseology of ' Captain Coe was not to bo discovered. It is a mystery,' said the solicitor gloom ily, as lie sat down exhausted by his exer tions; ' and I would not have it ooour in this e lice fof double the money.' I ' Of course you hsve^the number of the ; noto I' queried Solomans eagerly. ' Just so. 1 Well, we must stop it 'at once, and— would i you like me to call in the police, sir,?' ' Certainly not,' returned Mr. Richards sharply. ' I do not for an inatant suspect | any one here. We must, qf course, give in- j formation to the authorities. But I do not wish to have any fuss made. It does not do a lawyer any good for his clients to hear that he lias been robbed, or so careless as to looso a valuable document. ' Well, sir, I shan't feel comfortable or j happy till we find out what lias become of it. 1 Why, it is for all the world'Hke a bit of magic.' I ' It is beyond my comprehension. But get . on with those costs in the Simmonds matter. I 1 should like him to have the account in to- , morrow.' - Mr. Richards forgot— or perhaps ignored is tho better word in tho connection— the ( fact that after returning to the office from his lunch he invariably fell asleep in Ifis ciiair ior n gouu cu uhiiuw»i form of mania with liiiu to stoutly deny, that he ever did anything of the kind. This practice was, of course, well known to Solo roans, and on tho day in question, finding himself alone in the office for a few moments he had*nade himself possessor of the uncon scious man's keys. Like a flash he opened the safe, secured the note, made all again secure, and slipped the bunch back into the pocket where the attorney always carried it. In the privacy of his own apartment that night SolomanB produced the crisp note from where he had most cunningly hid it about his person. 'You're a beauty,' said he, as lie flat tened it out, ' hut gold is better looking, and gold you will have to be turned into my pretty one when the right time comes. You must go to the races, for it is only on the busy courBo that you can be changed with safety.' ' Ho placed it in a small, tightly-fitting tin box. This. he wrapped in several turns of oil-skin. Tho whole he dropped into a shallow tank, which stood on a ledge just outside his own window. ' Now, the bobbies can come and search here till they are blind. They will never think of looking into our cistern for a bank note.' complacently mused he. as he made himself ' fetching ' for his evening prom xl. Sftlnmanfl allowed a enaiic at uiw wmchj. ? ? ? ? _ little time to pass before 'letting his monkey have a climb for its money,' as he termed it. In the meanwhile he had become confidential with a couple of sporting mechanics who very much preferred to play for something ttian to work for it. It is a fancy not by any means confined to one class of the social scale. ' Look here,' said he one evening to this pair, Swale and Huggins by names, ' if you two like to go to the races to-morrow I can put you on to two good things, and if you smaBha £508 note for me with any of the bookmakers you shall have 50 quid a-piecc.. LorblesB you! the big bookies. don't think anvthing of charging what they call ' a monkey.' You bad b'est be well togged, you knowiand put on a nice free and independent air. Mum's the word, and wfienyouget the ' stuff,' liold^it firm. The commission delighted Swale and Huggins imbibed with new and alarming OTiste at the prospect of it Naturally enough the first bookmaker they attempted' to negotiate with was a notorious welcber. He took the measure of his men at once. He nipped off his chair, joined them, and drew them away from the crowd. ' What do you think I am made of ?' demanded Ke. ' Putty, mud, or tea leaves ? If I'd 500 shiners in my kick- 1 should not have been on that perch. Look here. Have .you any ready ? A couple of quid will take us into the enclosure. Once there I'll put a bit on for you with on'e of the leviathans, and he'll smash the nbtc for us like a bird. The necessary funds were scraped to gether among them. Once inside, the welsher cried, ' All, there's the red hot 'un 1 I'll ds the biz with him.' He made a bet of £5 with this prominent member of Tattersall's ring, and returned to the two workmen with £495 in change, which lie handed to Swale. The throe were now hand in gloye for the day. Tho stranger in troduced his new acquaintances to his old friends, who showed a robust desire to -make very flee with them and their belongings, j At last, and juBt before the final -race, they raised a- cry of ' welohers ' against Swale , and Huggins, who after being Btripped and i ' teemed '—that is, turned on their heads until not a fraction remained about them— 1 were so cruelly used that it did not seem ^ thnv would ever again see Manchester, i After a little, however, tliey did manage to . reach home, where Solomans, , white with anxiety, was eagerly looking for them, and the produce of ' the monkey's climb.' The talo they had to tell made him both Bick and wrathful. It was in his heart to treat them to a volley of astonishing adjectives, but he remembered that, after all, he was in their power,'- and muBt grin and bear this collapse of all' his grand schemes. | ' The only thing we can do now is to keep it dark,' said he. ' Don't either of you, on any account, let on that I ever gave you a 'monkey' to change.' ' 'We shall be careful enough,' replied Kuala Sullenly. ' hut I reckon «* hnv* gut blow* and Imiia-x just mi trvitir to -h- vein till of Inwiuo. for yon, tool vou'il have to ' keep u. going till ue are fit for work again.' Kolomna* n niohH rated and raved, all In no purpose. The blackmailing pair went away with a sovereign each for immediate titvik, and t kop prmuisud to soon to pi 'ft! their i-iiHs on himself illnl hi. exchequer. The book maker who had changed the ill - gotten note soon .had information that It was stopped, hut he had no diflicully iu putting the 'puliee on to the. welsher from whom he lind received it. This worthy, in his turn, told hi. tide, nnd the authorities kept him for imiii y (leys journeying about the highway, and slums of Manchester in the hope that he might meet with and identify Swalfc or Hug gins, or both. Curiously enough, Kate preserved tho mechanics front being seen by the one in search of them. Often they were close to one another; twice tliey were all drinking in the same spirit vaults, and yet never camo face to face. The news that the authorities were on tho truck of his money ol' course reached Mr. Richards, and he began to hope that at last the mystery of its disappearance would be cleared. Solomans also heard the tidings and lie was thrown into a series of cold sweats. He was in abject terror for his liberty. He decided that there was no course so safe for him as flight. But he would not go empty-handed. The mere temporary possession of that ' monkey ' — which he now anathematised with much increased vigour — had whetted his greed for more. His avarice was after all keener than his des perate fear. He Would make one more bril liant coup and then vaniBh from the legal circles of Manchester and of England for ever. His rather elaborate plans required a few days to perfect, and he was in a state of the most awful dread all the time. Mr. Rich ards was in London, and having the coast clear Solomans, looking as bold as brass and as innocent as butter, called on the manager ' of his employer's bank. He was well-known to the gentleman, being really a more fre quent visitor to the establishment than the lawyer himself. He explained that Mr. Richards was out of town, 'and that they bad a settlement for a client on the following morning over some house property, the amount required being £1,500. He had just learned that this client would not be able to arrive with the capital quite in time. Fearing some such contin gency, Mr. Richards before going away had left his life policy and other securities, with full authorisations _ for Mr. Solomans to pledge them with the bank for the loan of the sum named for a few days. They had done such things for Mr. Rich - ards before. Tho documents seemed to be in perfect* order. With hardly any hesitation the manager told the cashier to hand over to Solomans £1,500. Tbc-littlc rascal would much have liked to have taken ii all in gold, but lie feared such a request might at the final moment excite suspicion and bring liiin once more to grief. Still, he got the bulk in specie and the rest in notes of £20, | Once outside the hank with his plunder safe his sangfroid deserted him. His face broke out into a rash, and he could only think of one thing, and it was how to get away quick euough. Hoping to steady himself with brandy, he turned into the first tavern he reached, and there he came upon Swale and Huggins. ' Hullo! ' cried the latter, ' we was just agoing to give you a reminder. Why, what's the matter with you? Have you got the fever, or have you seen a ghost? ' ' Neither. You both take my advice and get out qf Manchester as quick as you cau. If you stay here you are sure to be recog- j nised, and there will be trouble. Go to Los don— go anywhere. Here's money for you. It'sthc last, and the best you'll ever get from me.' To their delight and amazement, he handed them four notes of £20 each. 'Those are all right,' declared he. ' I have only just received thein ovet the bank counter. My name isWalkcr,' lib concluded, hurriedly, ' you won't see me again ? ' ' Why can't we all three go together? ' cried Swaje, who smelt more money from where the new twenty pounders had come. 'You must be mad!' was Soloman'e withering reply, and straightway he dis appeared from the place. An unlooked'for matter called Mr. Richards back to Manchester that afternoon, and it also took him to the hank. A brief conversation with him showed the manager that the policy and the I other documents pn which £1,500 had ?been advanced were worthless forgeries — excellent specimens of the nefarious art, but as securities valueless. There was a greater demand for the plaus ible Mr. Solomans that night than had ever , before been the case. All over the country the police kept a hot and an active look out for him. Mr. Huggins received a visit from the i same inquiring gentry as he was rioting in a tripe supper with friends who were not of his ! own family. Earlier in the evening he had chaDgad one of the twenty- pound notes in a tavern, saying that he had jest received the insurance money on his wife's death. On making a search at hiB lodgings a twenty-pound cote was found in the chim ney, and as much in looBe cash in a drawer. Then Swale was captured, and the welsher identified them as being the gents who had come to him on the racecourse desirous of changing ' a monkey.' Solomans was arrested just as he was about to .step on board an Atlantic liner disguised as ten old woman, a oharacterhis features suited very well. The oddest thing perhaps about this queer case is that the little rogue only got eighteen months' imprisonment, while Huggins and Swale were sentenced to six and four each respectively. ' ' Quite enough for a blooming monkey, too,' Solomans protests to this very day. 