GLEANINGS. It is. now decided that Her Majesty will visit the' Italian instead of - the ,i< rench i Riviera this winter. The French have been j carrying their dislike of us so very far lately that, though it may be only the gut- I ter- journalists- who are answerable for j the worst articles that appear in the papers, it is undoubtedly wise for the Queen to] keep away from all chances of annoyance : as much as possible, and to give French soil a wide berth for the present. Bordighera, where the Queen is'going, is a very peace- i ful place, and it is thought that rest will be particularly needful for her, as she so deeply feels the anxiety of the war. During the warm djiys the temptation always is to drink more liquid than is good for us. A good way to obviate this, and at the same time'to slake the thirst fully, is to take water, lemonade, or iced tea through a small glass tube—the smaller the better. By this method the liquid seems to reach the palate more directly, and certainly quenches the thirst with half the quantity taken after the ordinary manner, "ion may test this to your satisfaction bv using and dispensing with a tube on alternate days. A number of persons of our acquaintance who have been in the habit of drinking so much water in summer as to render themselves uncomfortable, have tried the tube, and been surprised at the reduced quantity needed, and at the increased satisfaction thus gained. An old fashioned "straw" will answer ihe purpose well enough. Deformity of limbs in children may be either heredita^' or acquired, aud the treatment of the former, tuough often successful, usually involves much greater difficulty than in the case, of children whose ailmEnts in this respect have requited from careless nursing or the perpetuation of bad habits. A common deformity is that known as "knock- knee," which may be readily cured as follows:—Upon retiring to rest at night (or-, if in the arms, the remedy may be continued during the day), tio. the ancles together, keeping the legs extended as much as possible, and place a book—a thin one at first, and increasing in thickness—between the knees, until the latter have attained their proper distance apart, which in ordinary cases will not occupy more than sis or eight weeks at'the longest. This remedy it is alleged, lias proved equally effective in the eases of adults. In "bowltg," an exactly opposite course must be adopted, viz., contraction at the knees and expansion at the ancles. The Qu een of Portugal, having begun I b study of medicine as a "hobby," has taken her degree of M.D., and is now the chief physician of her consort, herself, and her children. The Queen, in her long life, has travelled very little abroad. She has never been in Russia, Denmark, Austria. Sweden. Norway, Spain, cr Greece. She has never yet set eyes on any of her colonies, nor upon any part of Asia, Africa, or America. An old Irish woman was propobly responsible for tlie naming of the Duke of Connauglit. When, the Queen was a young ; married woman she" paid a visit to the Emerald Island, and on one occasion an old ; woman among the crowd who came to see j Her Majesty called out to her: "Call your next son Patrick, and ould Oirdand will die for ye!'" And the Queen named her .next son Arthur Patrick as a compliment to the Irish. The latest fashionable craze for white, both in season and out cf season, is not at i its happiest when applied to bridesmaid's frock*. The bride and her maidens (savs a writer on fashions) now look like a flock of silent ghosts, cr a fiock of pigeons as they walk up the aisle of some dim old pan=h_ church, and for one moment, one is perfectly bewildered with them, taking them for brides all going to undergo the ordeal of marriage at "the same moment.- It is most fashionably correct, no doubt, of the bride to have her maidens so attired, but very ili-advised, as.phe and her satin train and lace would look far more noticeable and charming were they in. some colour that, by contrast, made her utter whiteness the more delightful. Among the games and eustomes which seem to be rapidly reviving, archery stands almost first. It is a game, of course, that,, like golf, tennis, and billiards, needs a great deal of practice, but it ie also conductive to grace, and develop® tne figure magnificently. One of the most popular clubs is adjoining Kew Gardens, and Kaneiagli and Hurlingham Clubs also give facilities for the game. Now that so many gills snooi, archery is useful as well as interesting, as it gives a steady hand and a true eye. AVth summer now fairly in the ascendant i{ is interesting to note what the chairman of the Victorian Board oi' Health thinks of some of the conditions that effect the hygiene of everyday life. Dr. Gresswell has expressed the general opinion that "moderation in all things" was desirable for everyone who wished to conduct a successful campaign against the then weather conditions. As a beverage for the hot weather Dr. Gresswell recommends a light wine; anything lyith too much alcohol should be tabooed. He alsp gives the homely but decidedly praeaejl advic-e that flannel should be worn next to the skin. Another matter which Dr. Gres.swell gave information was that of the treatment of sunstroke. With a recurrence of the hot weather this is likely to have a very practical bearing o"n the treatment of patients. Dr. Gresswell points out mat a safferei should be removed as quickly as possible zo a cool place, and that ice should be applied to the neck cr spine, or both. The cooling shock wiil have a beneficial effect. On no account should alcohol be given in any shape or form. An entirely original means of livelihood has been devised by a company of ladies who have hit upon the idea of.starting a sanatorium for those of their sex whose hair is falling off or turning grey. The process of restoring strength to enfeebled tresses is carried out in the seclusion of a charming country house, where the inmates give the necessary time to the strengthening and dyeing methods necessary. 