Lot and Won, C',.PIER IIX .-Co,-"ateza I must say good-bye to my dream ?' 1 asked. c 'Yes, dear child. And now, Maude, let us talk of you. Are you I very happy here ?' , Yes, I am very happy,' I replied. She looked at me wistfolly S Have you ever thought, dear, that b you would like to be a sister ?' she asked. 'No, mamma, darling; I should like to live here all my life with you, a but I do not feel that I have a g vocation.' t 'But there is the future. We must rr think about your future-' b She stopped abruptly, for Sister i Catherine, the portress, stood at the 1 door. Y 'Mother Etheldreda,' she said, 'there is a gentleman here asking for t yCU.' Mother Etheldreda, taking a card f from her hand, read aloud- IT ' The Earl of St. Neots.' In silence she looked at me; but I fa had no word to say. My mother's it face grew deathly pale. * Does the gentleman ask for me, . Sister Catherinel' h *He asked to see the reverend h mother,' she replied. ' Say that I will be with him in a tr few minutes, sister.' o And then we were aloite, a 'Mfaude,' cried my mother; 'is it t you, or is it myself, whom he has it sought and found?' ' How can I say, mamma?', I replied, t bewildered. e ' The Earl of St. Neots,' she again y read. 'It is like a dream, Maude; I cannot believe my eyes. If he has ,i traced you, how has he managed it? - If myself, the mystery is even much greater.' I could not recollect my thoughts; my brain was in a whirl. 'The Earl of St. Neots !' repeated t my mother for the third time. ' Oh, Maude, what are we to do ?' a With my senses reeling, my mind i was a blank, how could I advise?' ' Mamma,' I cried, in desperation, I 'do not betray me; do not tell him I am here.' y '.My dearest Maude,' she said, in a gentle voice, ' I faithfully promise you one thing. I will do what is best for you-trust me implicity. You will wait here for me, my dear,' she added. I shall not be long.' And then she h vent away. I felt that if I remained in the room I should be stifled; and, going out o into the garden, I clasped the old wceather-beaten cross, with a sensation that without some support I should fall to the ground. CHAPTER XXIII. I cannot tell how long I had knelt Dy the weather-beaten cross in the convent garden when I heard a light footstep on the grass. 'Maude,'. whispered my mother, 'look up, dear child. It is true; he is here- And, my darling, it is you he has traced-you, not me. He does not know me; and he implores you to see him.' ' Never again,' I said-' never again. Did he not wish me dead? Oh, mamma, how did he find me? I thought I was quite safe here, hidden with you.' '. Maude,' she said,' 'the' circum stances are so extraordinary that I must believe them to be providential. He found you, as I found you, through that money. It appears that the fifty pound note I paid to Mrs. Phillips had his name and your initials on it.. She paid it away to a' Mr. Benson. a tea arokser In the city, and from his hands it passed into none other than those of Mr. Norton, who, seeing the earl's name on it, made inquiries, and found that it came from this very convent. Naturally he went straight to the earl ; and, without a moment's delay, my dearest Maude, Lord St. Neots hastened hither; and he has the note with him. He has a note- book, one he showed me where he entered all the notes that he paid you, with their numbers, when he changed a cheque for yon; he remembers every detail. Oh, Maude, how he loves you!' ' Loves me, mamma!' I cried, in dignantly, when he wished me dead ! He is going to marry Lady Maud Trent* How can I love hinim?' 'I told you from the first that per haps you had misjudged him,'said my mother, gravely, ' arid now Inam quite sure of it. I do not believe that he ever said so cruel a thing of you, indeed of anyone, in his life. As for marrying I.ady Maud Trent; if ever a man loved with his whole heart, he so oves you.' 'tIe doas not, lhe cannot; he tisheo me dead, and I will never forgive him. Mamma, pray manage it for me. Tell himnt that it is true I am liere, aid that I wish to remain here alltmy life, that I thank him for 'calling, but that I wotld rather; not see him. Oh, mamma, do this for me !' She bent down and kissed me. 'I wilt do just 'what you ask, nmy darling.' She went away, and my head drooped again, but now my brain was clear-I could think. Ahl, well, aow all wvas at an end ! Of course, he would be disgusted when hIe received my message-would go away, and never seek to see me again. IVeil, let him go and mnarry his love. I heard the sound of a door open ing and closing. lie noas gone, gonse for ever, and my lsothor, of course was coming back to me. 'Then a. hand gently touched mine, but surel) that was not the ihght touch of m) mother's soft, slender hand! l'hir was warm and strong, and a voice that was like no other voice on earti to me, murmured softly: 'Moaude, wrhy did you leave?' He was there, anrd mny heart went out to him with agreat passionate cry. But I had lelt him, and I nevfr meint to look upon hint in this worln again. Having buried my love, war I now to be brought face to face withll its ghost?' 'Maude will you neither look at roe nor speak to me? asked the earnestl voice. 'I cannot ' I cried. ' Oh, mother, nave you betrayed me?' 'Then mry mother's loving hands stole round me. She drew me aside into the cloisters, moticning to Galahad to follow. 'Maude, darling, listen to me,' said my mother. ' Y'ou were mistaklen, he never said those cruel words. It ian you he lov;ed all ?l?-you, and eo one else. ' It is true, Maude. Look up, my darling,' Galahad pleaded. When at last my courage cameback r to me, and I looked up, my mother was gone, and my handsome young lover stocd there alone. '.Maude, my darling,' he whispered, 'how could you leave me! How could you believe all those foolish cruel words ? You must have seen that I loved you with all my heart.' 'You loved Lady Maud Trent,' I said, mny face still hidden. ' They all said so. Your mother wished her to be your wife.' 'But,' he interrupted, 'in marrying I intend to please myself-not my mother. Oh, Maude, do not punish t me for the sins of others! l.et me gaze at those beautiful eyes of yours- they have haunted me from the first moment I saw them. Do you remem ber, dear, when I found you under y the cedar-tree crying as though your heart would break ? Look at me, love l You were kinder to me then. The pain and the fire of jealousy were dying away, the music of the voice I loved was beginning to in fluence me. I raised my face and looked at him. How fair he was eyes lit up with love, his handsome face eager and anxious ! That look t into my love's eyes sealed my fate. 'You were so cool to me,' I said. 'After Lady Maud Trent came you had no eyes, no ears, for anyone but her.' 'Pardon me Maude, that is not true. Lady Maud Trent was a very old friend, so there could never be any question at all of my falling in love with her. I should as soon have thought of falling in love with one of my own sisters. Could you not see that? With her I was quite at my ease, while I was just a little afraid of you.' We looked at each other in silence, tis face was full of inquiry, mine of :eprrach. 'Answer me one question,' I said- 'only one. Tell me the truth. Did you, feeling that I was in your why, express a wish to others that I were lead?' His handsome face flushed with anger. He rairsed his head proudly, his eyes flashed with scorn. 'I wonder that you should ask me such a question, Maude.' ' That is no answer. Did you or did you not ?' ' I did not. I am at least a gentle. man nod a man of feeling,' nod hie face flushed yet more angrily. 'I will tell you all,' I said; and I misrlated to him the conversation between his sisters which I had everheard. As he listened his face softened. 'You believed that ot me, Mande of me, who love you with all my heart -that for the sake of that paltry money I wished you dead ?' 'They said- I thought that if you had the money you could marry Lady Maude Trent at once.' He laughed an angrily, scornful laugh that rang through the cloisters. 'And you believed that? Because of that wretched story you ran away; and you insulted mee by going to Mr. Norton and making that infamous will. It was infamats, Maude. Norton came down to me the same day with it; and from that day to this we have done nothing but seek you. Do you think I would touch your stoney, Maude. I could have nlarried if I wished without yours; but, if the whole world were given to me, I would marry no one else but you.' ' They said so,' was the only reply I could make; ' and they did not know I was there. Your sisters must have believed it themselves, or they would not hare said so.' ' My sisters-' He stopped abruptly, and then went on--'I will not say they have spoken falsely, but they have wilfully distorted some words of mine. The only time I remember having mentioned the subject was one morning when the remark was made that if you died unmarried your money would, of course, return to the St. Neots family. ' Of course it would,' I agreed, but without the slightest thought of what I said. I am sorry to admit that my sisters did not like you, but I never thought they would so distort simple words. I loved you so well, Maude-however low your opinion of me-that, if you had died, I should not hare cared to live. I have had but one thought since I first saw you, and it has been to win your love, to ask you to be my wife. I should have spoken to you long before, but, out of respect of your father's memory I decided to wait a year. You have been cruel to me, Maude; but I did not deserve such treatment at your ltands. Why did you make that horrible will so iosultinr to me 4' ' You seem to be much more angry with ume than fond of me,' I sai. HIe camre a little nearer to me then, and the Ihot flush died from his face. * 'Do you not see, Maude, how .ruel you lave been to me ?' '01 Oh, cousin, if you could but bare dreared how I loved you all this time.' 'Will you not own,' he continred, 'that you might hare been less hasty, less cruel in your judgment : ' I hare all the oaults of the St. Neots,' I replied quick:y; 'and you should be the last to be hard ,poa thrmn-the very last.' ' I could never be hard upon you, my darling,' he said. 'Oh, Maude, I lovre you so well. Let us forget rthe miserable past.' lie took one of say hands in his hands, and hIis eys oseemed to transfixn me. SDo you love me, 3laule? Tell me -just one little word. Oh, Mlauc, I my duringi, willinoly would I lay my allat your feet, if I culd but only I ear you utter thie ords, ' I1 love you.' Speak, Mantlde, for heaven's sake ! Do not ketp tmeo in this cruel suspense. Let me hIear my fate at once-do you 'lore me ?' I did not answer him-I could not. M 31 heart felt as if it wou!d burst. My Stongue refused to utter a syllable. I was to ail intents and purposes dumb. I looked into his handsome eyes, and there read love and kindness. Maude,' he again uttered, 'what have I done to you that you should treat me like this? Have I not been kind to you ? Hare I not done all in my power to make you happy ? Tell me, Mause, do you love me ?' I 1 again did not aesrer him, for my hIeart was too full; but heread my leve in my eyes. He must have read it, tfor he threw his arms around me and Irew me to hIis breast. O Oh, Mauue,' he murmured, ' I am .lesiidered by my own happiness. I never tllought I should win you; andt ,ithout you life ould Ihavre been a slank to me.' So little did Ihe dream thlat I IhalI oeen sillins to die for him. What a stat want of perception. Hle locked so handsome, no inm o'oring, so lovable, that I could not restrain myself from telling him every :hing. -You loved ume, Maude, and were willing to die for my sake,' he cried in astonishment. 'And now for my sake you are willing to lire ' ' As long as it may please Heaven to spare me,' I replied. li hIand fell with the all caressing ,ouch on my head, and my heart was illed with a rapture that was as new ife to me. The grief, the darkness, she pain had passed; the full light of .one was shining on me now. The arms of my true love were round me again. Ohll, wnt a happiness to have the one whom you love with all your heart near you! I lookel tup at my lover quickly. ' Oh, Galahad.' I cried, whom dr you think I have found ?' He smiled into my eyea. ' My darling,' he said, 'I know-I have heard it all; and a sweeter, more perfect woman than your mother does not live. She told me her story when I had told her mine. I could never convey to you how highly I think of your mother. Her eyes are full of truth, love, and kindness, and her face is heavenly. Sie had a cruel past, but it is all over now. How on earth your father could treat scch a nob'e woman so cruelly is past understanding. No doubt she was too good fo,r such a man as your hfther. Pardon me, my dear Maude, for speaking so di'respcct ful of your dead father, but when I saw your mother's face-saintly and brnuti ful-my very heart went out in sympathy for her. I again repeat it was cruel of the late Earl to treat her cs.' 'Yes, he- young life was omarred sy my father,' I said. 'But is it not marvellous that all this should have cotme about as it has ? If I had no: brought that roll of bank-notes with me, Galahad, I should never have found my mother.' SNor should I,' he added, 'ever found you.' And, standing within sight of the weather- beaten cross, he took umy hand in his and we thanked Heaven for bringing us together. When my mother saw us, she came over to where we were standing, nrld, cilsping our hands together, prayed Heaven to make our lives happy. ihe then kissed me, and spoke lving words to my lover. We were married in the church in which the good sister had discovered me. )Deeply grieved were the sisteri at any leaving them, but in my husband, Galahad, they gained a most liberal supporter ,f their work. Hie gratitude for what they did for me when they esteemed me a stranger can never be fully expressed. After our marriage we managed to keep on good terms with Lady Alt. water and her daughters by the simple process of rarely meeting. Occasionally there is an interchange of state visits, but they are sought on neither side. There is one spot where I can go now whatever betides in our future life, a place where a mother's heart beats with warmest interest in the affairs of the girl she lost and found. Tu: ETsu. 