Short Story. Otto William). A Reminiscence. By 0. M. HA.YWARD, iu ' Home Notes.' (Concluded.) V. 1 ougnt naraiy to say, tuougu, tuai nothing came- of WIIllard'8 friendship for Mtos Malnwa'rlng, for we all of us felt tolerably certain a mouth or two later, when lie began to make arrange . inents for a leave to England, that the Influence of the. fair Rosamund was at work. He went from Burrapur, our unex presse'd good wishes for hii» success going -with Wm, and a few weeks later an unexpected opportunity for a ?holiday tn-:k mp no irpll ta Ensland. and I henrd something more of Wllliard. He had. taken for the season a email place called Grey Court, in Hampshire, where there .was some fishing, and shooting, and here It was Iip made the acquaintance, of liis sons. Fred, the eldest, was then in the Buffs, and got leave to bo at Grey Court the greater part of the time hie father was in England, while the two others, boih successful candidates for the Indian Civil Service, were home from Cam bridge. Where Mrs. Druromond -had bestowed herself at this time I never thought It worth while to aek. The sons were good-looking, tall lnds, fair, and more like their mothers than their father's family. Yet they had vigour and muscle about them, clearly an inheritance from himself, with tlieir good looks. They were sons of whom even an exacting parent might have been proud. But If, m I- was to see later, ffliere wore -now disappointments mid fric tions between the father and sons, these t.Mnga were the outcome of tine inevit able condition of things, fluid uot be cause eltfher ome or the oilier Teh short of the high standard eacOi had sol up. VI. Tlie Wlllards- had been at Grey Court about a month when I got iiome. Contrary to any expectation of mine, Otto no sooner 'heard of my arrival than he wrote inviting me down for Rome shooting. The position between father amd Sons was pretty well established when I got there. T 'noticed wt once that the young men seemed to appre ciate their father's society, a nd were visibly not n 'tittle proud of him ; yet tliey treated Mm witili ratiier n strained deference and respect that had no real affection In it. \ There was a Ufe-lon^'grudge between them. I traced. the work of Mrs.'Druni miond her*, and Williard was not tlie man to make a bid for auy good will ^wJjieh was mot entirely spontanc-ous. He had dropped into a tolerably easy way .with tHiem, Hialf-brotherly, ihalf fartJhefly, and would have been on the best of terms vritQi them, a-Dd In Che receipt of their most nnliintted resnect, If the shadow of their neglected re lationship had not ever ihovjred be tween- them -like a ghost It was a tihousaod pittas they were teta'tod, they would Jiave ma-le- such excellent casual friends. I recollect now a remark of Williard at dinner my first evening there, it somehow brought back the Iialf obliterated vision of Miss Rosamund to my memory, and set me wondering If he (bad done anything .since his arrival In England to advance,'ihiis suit with her. . WffllardVs youngest boy was called Otto, after him, a name his A ?? friends, (harking back, perhaps, to 1*' grandmotherly times, corrupted into ' TotHe.' Williaipd violently disliked this, and he 'had !bis own emphatic way of saying BO. ' Why do yon make such a fool of the fellow 1 ' Tottle !' I tell you once for all to stop it. It's enough to spoil the boy's prospects In life !' Then his tone changed. ' No need to think you aie poaching on my -preewves. There are few enough people who'll ever want to call me ' Otto' again.' 'Mie talk languished. The young men did not relish tihe authoritative tone,. wQiile I could not help wondering if Miss Stain waring would ever care to claim the privilege, and call him by the name of which he spoke. 'My^epeculaMonB concerning the young lady were partly Battened next morning by Fred 'WflMard, wtoo, it' seems, had made Rosamund's acquaintance at Dover (soon after her return from India. He told me It was sflie w!ho had recom mended Grey Court *o -tlhem, and that they- frequently met her aow, as sue was T.iBitlng some cousins ait a n^igih- . bourlng place. Whether Fred a!t all suspected ihis father'* admiration of the young lady I was not able i- detect. I Jinaigtae not, for Fred was a platn gpoken youth, and doubtless would have mentioned it sluice he kne v I had met ^[tes Waiowaring at Bjirrap jr. I liked iih« youag soldier, Fvod, ihn bart'of all Willlard's sons. He ? reminded me --f waat Ihis faiflv&r; was ?-ln India, and away from lilts en cumbrances, though Fred owned a re mairka'ble amount of bluff candour in great contrast to Wllliard's eternal reti cence. ? During the next few days we saw Mlas Moln'wartng and her cousins many times. Hhey came to tennis alt Grey Court,, and ,we went, out to shoot over the uncle's preserve, when the young todies came out and joined us. Rosamund seemed more bewlWhloigly pretty than ever, but I confess Wll Uaii'd's bplsaviour wl'tlli her puzzled me. His ..wiserye omd quiet seemed to con oeatra'te themselves in her presence, (houffb I noticed he etlll took ae 'great a deWght'ln wa'tohing her bright per sonality and gay little ways as of old, mud tta't once lite face lighted up with a iiad,ia.nt loolk of pleasure wlileh was positively boyish when fiUie came round , byMm and ?exnintaed h:is gun., | W.lth her little gauutMcd hands hold Ing the stock, and her half serious, half mlsdidevous -eyes meeting his wlioHy grave, earnest ones, eue reminded blm of the 'leoi-aivl lncldeut,' and 'how you saved my llfie.V . ' ' JSJot youi\s, Miss Malknvnilug, only a poor wretch of a. syce's. 1 never lilad the ihai-p8in«t9s to do *o much for you. Year were, ?(w). graitiefiul, that wap all. Tool, liniaile. too jnuohpf ? ,Ali, MJias Mainwurfngjlt iysTais .J^Who pjtved eoine Uh1n« 'fhnf ' day 'to/ 'yflU.Vl,. inwardly oaujylit ttie woiyts. .hut I saw..Jj^ glance linger to :hens. ' &be; Soaigtted pneasily, am.a'lei'aer long iaHhes droop to 'h|de ber eyes. , , . ' '' !' ' . ?' '.'? . ' And 'this gun-'is U the same sort 1. Show yours fo me.top, please T.1' She turned -lawny witii a'«M-t' of petulance towtivds Fred. :' ' ' ' Wiilllai'd 'leaut bai.-k ;Wi bin elbow. We were picnicking on a bauk under tfhe loe of a nwt copse. He took .liis caii off. «nd thrust }-ack his Mvlck dark ha.lr -from off lilis foi-nliefld, and I noticed he did not even look at Rosa munid 'Mialfoiwairiug agailn. Nijyh't after nigrntl fiavwl MiK,p(aicing 3il8s siuoteiiig-room floor till almost dny bPenJf, wild more than once a strong tempfu'tloin came over me to get up nnd go down to Ihim, to tell him 3ie- wias a fool to Iflius hes'itatte, nnd assure Wm fhat. tihat handsame face of -hfc, tite splendid phyislque, sliould win a wny ?for him In a fcm'lnJne heart a great deal mow difftciile tliaa that of MSbb Rotsninnnd Miatnwaa'lng. It was well enoushj laiough, to thlnb out suoh -Bhoug-hts to tiheir loslcal oon dusil'Oin in my wolitudip. it«was nno'tiber nfttlw to aipproaoli wttfh them a maiu like Otto AVtiiltard. I oomfesB I begam 'to regai'd him as rather a fool to act as he did, and even now it hnis never been satisfactorily olieiured np for me whether 4t waesiniply douWt of Ms power to win the1 girl in ?tihe face of some obstacles, or whetiher it was Uhe susiridion of a something graver, mon serious, sUll, niiich held Ihim . liack from her. For myself I never ihad had tihe least doubt of Rosa nrand's williingnieisis tx- atecept him until one Samday— I vecollect, it. was t3ie socomd Siinflniy of my islny nt Grey Court I was strolling to the Fir Walk, wl#ch connected WSlliiaird'e place and Uralt of R-cH:iuiund'e uncle, wlhen I isime fin siglil of 1lhe ?unmietatealble forms of the young lady amd Fiied Williaird sitting togeliher after a faellloin that was un equivocally lover-Mke. Tlhte itruth flatelied on me in an Jnstamt. I reaHiteed Qiow Wtod I ihad been. I i-e- cilled a. score of olrcumstanoes to coi1 roboriate my sudden fear. I went back to the house, for Fifed and Ms oonipam'Ion liiud been much too euigroosied in their own (society to notice me, bearing wStfli me a very heavy ilienirt ind«*ed for poor Wallini'd, and oaJTSng the two young people 1 left be hind nfe' Sn the Fir Walk rather gra tuitously a couple of selfish foo3s. A few n'iffhfts after my discovery in tfhe Mr Walk young Otto nnd I we.ro learning out over lihe balcony of the biUlaiid-Tfoiara, when we were a wa»i& sud denly tilia* Fred and Ro&unuud; were talking together dn i&w; garden below. I hmsily realised wdila't tliey were say ing till Otto «-I*?ervod. with more tvocuraicy thasi e-legOTiiee, tihat ' Old Faied wens a.'wfully gone -vn Rosie Ma3nwar jng,' and tflieni tfhelr remarlcs oimanged tilw.niiSOlTfls Into some sort of sequence iitt uny ears. ' We so «isy to go to a; man like your father. Fred. He's so young— (he'll sympa/th'iBe and say ' yes' in a nwwuent I'm sure. It can't, be so long ago. since he Prft like we do himself, you know.' Mflsts Rosamund . was saying, and then Fi\\-d answered her : ' Young fathers aren't eucli unmixed blesBingts, my dsirling, I can tell you ! It's not so miany days ago I was pre cious Jenlwus of my own father, do you know ? I thcragiit 'he was nearly ais mucJi in love with you as a oertafin lium-ble somebody else, who'd mnke n very poor snow In the field by the sldo of htm. Eli, my MtHe girl V ' Oh, Fred, you silly, silly tMng !' Amd tflien \ihere followed a ripple of merry laughtier as t(he two disappeared among the shadows. Young Otto, joined in tihe laugh qiilite openly, add ing : ' Good old Fivd. he's too proud of Iiiinself to miatee any secret of how 'Wia't land Mas !' as' I -made -some siieech albout our having no business to over hear tfliedr convensation thus. About a week afterwards, comSng down to dinner in answer to the «irly Kong. I found Fred and iliis faWier olon'e ,1ii 1!he dmwling-room. Wdllianl had liis hand on the young fellow's ann, and was talking to him 1n mte natuiially deep- toned, quiet voice, but there was a troubled look in his oyes, eind a nervous, contracted strain about the eyebrows and mouth, wliioili I liad never seeai before, and which Fred apparently did not observe. Guessing tihe subject of their talk, I woe dosing tihe door again, with a view to beating n hasty retreat, when W51 lisird colled to me : 'Don't 'go, Jones. You ought to be one of the first to hear Iflie news. 'TOite fellow, Fuefi; Is— engaged- going to marry— Miss Mainwaring,' and fhen he ndded, clasping and un oliaisping Mb flngens round a Ifetle 8tiaitu«!bte on the lttnin'telishelf as he spoke, ' I have done so MtOe all theSc Mves for tilietse eons of mine, .Tones, It seems a sort of duty to make 1lhls boy 'happy ukyw. He's a trifle young for It ?to be sure, liut ? ' ' Ywt wfei^e younig youreelf, sir, oneo under flho same cirou|mstances,'' Fi-ed blundered. ' Yes, I wais young once myself,' Wil li.ird' salid, ' and I suppose now 1 aui leannlng what it means to be old.' f he words of congratulation I uttered imnst have 'toad a very trite, unrent sound, and I tlotaTly forget how Fred replied to them. At We time I felt completely stunned by this crude Jn terippetialtion of WUHaid's recent con duct, amd lrritaited beyond measure at Fred's suMme Ignorianoe of the mtnl floe jnaidc on (Mis bebialf. I stood, and S'Batrod at the faltlher -and son, looking. I ftave no douWt, an lolbsoilute fool, as I uHtered my tawheremt congrlallmla tlwis. It was a. welcome relief to nil of us wihen tfhe dinner gong boomed out cign&a.; ? . : I beld - my Deace, ouid made my mind up^all 'tflialt eweming, and wlwn ttit- Jiouscliold -had j%-tlted I went boldly, and bearded WiBMaavi jn Ws smioklng ,1VX-U3. I knew, of course, I jvob weeks too lalfee— yet, I felt, ftvr once I must speak my mlod omt. ,1 thought WiUUmixI looked more Uko an old mian 'tllian I had ever seen him uis I opeinod 'the dooa-, and found him sitting by 'tihe toible, his hand across the 'book Hie was not attempting to mid, and Ms 'handsome face shadowed by t;he green dhoide of the lamp. He looked up, and railsed his eye t)rowis— cloaily he Ihnd no pa.rWculair desAre for jiiy isoclety. ;I lighted a pipe, and smoked a minute In silence. ' Wllliard,' I said then, 'what in the world is the meaning of 'this engagement of Fred ? What are you thinking of ? 'It's absurd, totally absurd.' I looked at him, nnd he met my ey«s steadily, and knew perfectly what It was they Implied. At last Williard stood up and leant liis shoulder against the bronze on tlu- luautel-shclf. He half closed Ws eyes, ajid emlled. * ' '' ' ? 'I, don't (iiluk I . should iinvu asked you here, Jones,, old .man, if i. had iBOwn how things would end. It's a strange ending, God knows.' ? ? ; ' He walked up and down the Boor, .aud Jhen by-anfl-by went on Ju a more natural tone : ? ' ; '* ' ' ?. , ? 'Juet consider, Jones, my friend, the sort of parent I have been,, contented toilie.tp those boys. Thoy've jjes-or had a bouI , ta love them-alnce their luothei' died, I owe a good deal to. them. ?1 But why do- we talk of It? You uifliin well, - Jones, hut a man can get ou best without talking sometimes. You doii'-t mind leaving me to myself, do you ? Good-night. I hope they make you ? comfortable here— *ee after you, and all that sort of thliisr.' He gave me his hand, ?'and I went away, not In Che least offended at. my dismissal, only elck at heart and fur ious with all the world excepting him. | From that night Williard buried his f'elings very successfully. He was a little-! quieter and sterner, I thought. Otherwise there was no change for any one to notice: 'I Was 'the only one who was not abso lutely . astonished when, somewhere about this time, be announced his in tention of cutting, short, his leave by a couple of mouths. I urn told he made his will and settlements, which set everything straight and comfortable for the young people, though 1 believed Fred con sidered the lectures, and admonitions he was also made the recipient of. ver.v * superfluous talk, and Rosamund felt herself defrauded of her Just dues since her future father-in- law at parting never bestowed upon 'her the paternnl kiss of benediction she clearly had fi right 'to expect. Wllliard mAde some hearts supremely happy, these shortcomings notwith standing, and he never shadowed any one's existence by the knowledge of his own sacrifice. He went back to his work in his quiet cliaracteristic way ; only the Bur rapur people wrote home reproachfully to ask what we had been doiii£ to tin collector, to send him back to them an old man. Wllliard never wrote much to me. He and I knew too much about each other to venture .henceforth to be very communicative. Things have changed with all of us. and reading my ' Times' this evening I came across a paragraph announc ing tho death or- Sir Otto Tremaino Wllliard. K.C.S.I. He had received honours and decorations and many re cognitions of his merit since the old Burrapur days. Still, I say it as one speaking with authority. Williard w.-is a braver, true-hearted man than most men realised. -t,^ ?That paragraph, stating so' briefly how he llved»end how now, he has diod, has awakened these memories. 