PERSONAL., MRS. Crotty, widow of the wealthy Australian mining speculator, lias gone to South Africa as a nurse. Mrs. Crotty, who is also a speculator, has very likely one eye on the Johannesburg mines, and will be one of the first to make a profitable deal in " Kaffirs." LIEUTENANT E. Barbeta, the veterinary officer of the New South Wales section of the Imperial Bushmen is of Spanish parents and a native of Victoria. His father is the well-known proprietor of Hosie's Cafe. Lieutenant Barbeta who is just 21 years of age graduated last year at the Melbourne College of Veterinary Surgeons. How many people besides Mr. Byron Moore are still living who could explain the origin of Judge Casey's regal soubriquet'! When Casey was Victorian Minister of Lands he wielded great power, being the terror of squatters. Inquiries were the daily business of the Minister of Lands, and Mr. Casey had erected in the Board Hoom a stage on which was placed a throne, which was sunounded with regal pomp. COLONEL James Alexander Kenneth Mackay, the com manding officer of the New South "Wales detachment . of the Imperial Contingent is an Australian native. Pie was born at "VVallendbeen station on June 5, 1859, and was educated at Camden College, and the Sydney c(rrammar school. I-Ie is an export cross country rider, ;^p$14^ician and novelist. In 1887 he published a small ?Cvoluixio of poems-Sporting and BUKII Ver*e, and in l89o lie published his well-known novel, The Yellow I Wabej / IIanxt Oarl Pinsohoff, the Consul for Austria in Mel bourne, is in eostacies with Mr. H. H. Champion's African war notos in the Age, Praise from Herr Pinsohoff is praise indeed. He has been an officer in a oraolc cavalry regiment, is a vigorous writer-in German and English-is one of the largest shareholders in the Mel bourne Herald, and has a brother who is chief Austrian Press Censor, attaohed to the Ministry of Justloe. Herr Pinsohoff says that Champion is unrivalled in Aus tralia as a war oritio. A pivesssian, unlilce a prophet, is not without honor in his own Country. Hence the entertainments to .Donald Macdonald. Poor Mao reminds one of those patent medicine pictures-" Before talcing Humpty Dumpty's Elixir; and after talcing." Before Macdonald went to Ladysmith ho was a stalwart well set-up fre3h-looking ohap;-but after talcing Ladysmith, he's deoidodly poaky. It is to bo hoped that rest and good tuclcer will set him up ; and no doubt when ho has survived the inevitable Course of Smoko nights his Convalescence will be rapid. Time alone will show whether it be true or not that Mr. Isaaos, Q.C., now in London, intends to abide there, go to the English Bar, and give the lawyers a taste of his quality. As a lawyer Mr. Isaaos will make his -way even amongst tho legal talent of London. Whether he will give up his political and Federal prospects for the worship of the mammon" of a large homo practice is another matter. Prom the legal point of view in Melbourne, the legal orange is suolced pretty well dry, and won't provide sufficient sustenance for tho ex-Attorney- General. GJiNEitAij Downes, who was on view last Saturday, when the Imperial Bushmen rode through the City, looked every inch a soldier; but the General, who ordered Colonel Kelly to take the boots from the " rejects" of the Corps and give them to the accepted Bushmen, is a good inch deficient in soldierly aeume». As 800 into 000 goes 110 time and as only some (500 pairs of boots were ordered for 800 men; it should have been evident to the meanest capacity that some of the Bush men would be bare-footed at the last moment. Not to provide for the feet of the lot, was not a brilliant feat of arms. JUDGE Casey, who retired from the County Court Bench last week, would have been a more popular judge if he had not introduced his old Land-office manner into the trial of cases. "When Minister of Lands he had a sort of throne erected in the Board Boom of the Lands Department. This, and his swift methods, unaffected by red tape, savored of autocracy, and he was dubbed King Casey. A good many years ago a lady witness at the General Sessions.. addressed him as " Your Majesty no doubt her husband was an Elector of Mandurang, whioh constituency had been represented by J. Casey. Mil. Byron Moore-according to the Adelaide Adver tiser-is not the prince of Australian race club secretaries as that honour belongs to Mr. Yon Doussa, of the Onkaparinga Club. The Advertiser points out that Flemington is connected'with the great metropolis of the Southern Hemisphere by only a few miles of double iron rails, whereas Mr. Yon Doussa has to attract his thirty thousand patrons over hills, through miles of stringy bark and blue gum forests, across railway viaducts and through innumerable tunnels to a far away country racecourse. There is no doubt that the great success of the annual Onkaparinga meeting is in a great measure due to the ability and efforts of Mr. Yon Doussa, the club's secretary; and " Oakbanlc Day" isl one of the great events of tine South Australian year. SIR Edward Lawson, the proprietor of the London Daily Telegraph, it is reported, has promised to help with .£25,000 in establishing a second evening paper in Melbourne. The Herald people, however, think that the promoters will be disappointed. A grain of fact is worth a bushel of gossip. The promoter of the new evening paper is Mr. Stott, the enterprising importer of typewriting machines. Whether he will bo able to fight the Herald remains to be seen. The Heraldpeople have plenty of capital, and S. V. Winter is a veteran warrior who knows now to light opposition'. Tho Herald has also the advantage of a large revenue from the Weekly Times, which yields to the shareholders a profit of .£0,000 a year, besides paying one-third of the Herald expenses. One thing seems oertain. There is a great desire to establish a second evening pnper in Melbourne, and those who are thinking about it are wealthy business men. Apropos of Judge - Casey's resignation, a clever verse was written about 22 years ago by Mr. Michael Lynch, a Melbourne solicitor, to the air " All That Glitters Is Not Gold" : When King Oasey was in Paris With his friend the Prinoe of Wales, Viotoria's praise he sounded And his own-in thrilling tales ; But a cablegram had reaohed him, Some say, sent by O.G.D. " There's a judgeship vacant for you," Back again " J.J." we see. But judge of his dismay, Whan he found that he'd been sold And Sir Charles was heard to quietly ohuclcle, " All that Glitters .is not Gold." Mns. J. 0. Jardine, of 50 Dudley-street, West Mel bourne, hasbBeenter'^famous" for ''horsewhipping" Mr. Watt, th^^to'ti^i^dstinfl-sJ^'-General. Pure love of countt«ated i;liis heujefirie jmtriote wlao thinks that Mr. Wn4li^s-'a Boer sympathis&r;"as ho refused leave of abse/itJfy Depkrtpiont ior\thVi$uVpo%e<,£,[ .joining the Australian rogh\aent.v.Mrs. Jar d in a4Sj. t^fo/Chivd of Yictovlan women who horsewhipping. Lola Monte mistrass bLtkomad King of Bavaria, who thrashed nTBtVltaraf itor, died in a Lunatic Asylum. Lady Bowen was slapped on the face and had her bonnet destroyed as she was asoending the steps of tho Melbourne Athenroum to attend a eonoert. The assail ant of the Governor's wife was sent to the Yarra Bend Asylum. Mrs. Jardino is a hospital nurse and had volunteered for servioe in South Afrloa but without suooess. Mrs. Jardine is evidently a lady without humour. If she had horsewhipped the Minister of War and the Yiotorian War office officials she would hrvro been recognized as the most accomplished comedienne ill Australia. But to horsewhip tho juvenile Postmaster General sho has only perpetrated a screaming farce. NEWS comes froui England that Mr. A. Patchett Mar tin, the Australian author, is seriously ill. MASTER Neil McE a oh ar n, son of Sir Malcolm McEacharn, Mayor of Melbourne, is among the recent recruits to the Eton Volunteers. MB. Philip Mennell, who is now visiting Australia, is editor and proprietor of the British Australasian, the organ of Australian colonists in London. MB. Kennerley-Humford, the baritone, has left London for Australia, where he will give a series of reoitals. In the English ooncert world there are few artistes so genuinely admired as Mr. Bumford, whose popularity is equally great in private circles. He is described as a cultured gentleman of great, social gifts. . . . . THE Melbourne Typographical Society contributes the only "gentleman"-mentioned in the list of "occupa tions"-of the Bushmen's Contingent. Mr. Morrison is a smart and artistic compositor who learned his trade thoroughly under the able tuition of Mr. Franks, the well known Geelong printer. Young Morrison is well educated and numbers amongst his relatives a professor at the Melbourne University. THE brilliant G. W. Steevens, most graphic of war correspondents, was, it seems, a silent, taciturn man in Ladysmith from whom words could only be drawn at rare intervals. That is probably why he has so many to spare when writing. Poor Steevens impressed those who met him as a confirmed and studious thinker, and together with the other principal English correspondents he is said to have given the South African specials a wide berth. Mr. Julian Balph says Gronje is pioturesquely des cribed as a swarted general, but to the wide-awake and well-informed British officers, who are not under the severe rod of misguided censorship, he presented the appearanoe of a typioal squat-figured, black-bearded, neokless Boer. His belongings were in a sack. His wife's wardrobe was in a pillow-case, and the chief artiole in Frau Cronje's pillow-case proved to be a silk dress commandeered from Lady Sarah Wilson. There is no '. frill" about Lord Tennyson the Governor of South Australia. At publio gatherings Lord Tennyson rarely wastes time in talking and most of his speeches are characteristic for their brevity and terseness. When bidding farewell to the members of the Imperial Bushmen's Corps reoently, he apologised for the absence of Lady Tennyson to whom he referred as " My wife". Unlike one of Lord Tennyson's predecessors in office, who made a practice of dragging his beloved spouse-the Lady Victoria-into all his long-winded addresses, whether the ocoasion was a Hacing Club's lunoheon or the opening of a Y.M.O.A. festival. JUDGE Casey had one merit, at least when disposing of cases. He didn't indulge in ohatter; nor did he assume that he knew more about the oontents of a brief than the barrister who held it. Negative virtues perhaps, but positively very valuable ones. A number of judges are exactly the contrary. Judge Chatter box is a term that might be freely applied to several. When the late Sir Bobert Molesworth was farewelled by the bar, he made strong comments on the judicial vices of interruption and talkativeness. But he was a strong, wise, self- contained judge; ohatter from the bench is often the visible sign of vanity, weakness, indecision, and, too often, of ignorance. ''.... MB. Prank Grey Smith, ohief manager of - the National Bank of Australasia, who died on May 1, looked the'image of Napoleon the First, and was known, in banking oiroles as " The Napoleon of Finance." He was a very religious man, and his hobby.was the giving of propaisouous oharity to street beggars. It was always interesting to see the great financier surreptitiously drop a silver coin into the hand, of some '' solicitor, n.11 fl, leisurely move away in the.direction of the Melbourne. Club, with, hands behind his baek,^ a Za .Napolqon^atti tude, as depicted by Meissonier in his famous . battle scenes. . . . . ; ,,,. CHIEF Jnstioe Sir Samuel member of the Privy Council after many ye'ats'Of weary, waiting, and his opposition to the proposed Federal High Court of Appeal is therefore easily'"understandable. The aim of the dapper baronet now is to assume , his- ermine robes on that august body as the representative-hand-., somely remunerated-of United. Australia;-- r The son. of a Methodist clergyman who . perambulated South Aus tralia when it was a wilderness, the-.present.. Chief Justice has laboriously climbed^ up the ladder of success and at sixty five years of age . he can boast of having accomplished all that he has striven for. The "Adulator" as he is known in Adelaide, from the excessive affability of his greetings, is a particularly sound 'lawyer and has the reputation amongst criminal classes of being a long sentence man. For many years every murder or other oase involving the supreme penalty of the law has fallen to his lot for trial. Phofessor Tucker, commenting on Mr. - Henry C. J. Lingham's recently published book, The Last Hours of a Lion Heart, writes :-"T think that the poem is both verbally and rhythmically highly pleasing as well as fluent, and that the tone is sustained at a high level. Yet I much prefer the shorter pieces and the work in sonnet form-and in saying this, I refer particularly, to the sonnet entitled Thalia (p. 91), which, to my- mind, shows possibilities of a high order of workmanship." Mr. James Smith (" J.S. " of the Argus) also writes of The Last Hours of a Lion Heart:-"The principal poem seems to me to improve as it proceeds, and there, are many fine passages in the twenty letter pages of it. If it suggests Adonais at times, it . does so by the similarity of the sentiment which pervades it, and not in any way as an echo of it. Of the minor poems I prefer Wealth and Glory, Glair cle Lune, The Victorian Old Colonists Song, The Miserere, and The Angelus. THE skeleton headed, J. W. Holder, Premier of South Australia, always excites the ouriosity of those who meet him, for though looking a physical wreck he gets through enough, work for two ordinary mortals, and indeed has the restless go-all-day disposition of the volatile con sumptive in Numa Iioumestan, Mr. Holder has been a lay preacher for many years and much praotioe has given him command of a ready flow of language. He "devils" hard for all big occasions, and having a dash of mathematics in his composition h.e can jumble figures with the most expert Treasurer, so the Disraeli dictum " liep, d-n lies, and statistics" may live long in the land. Originally a declared Freetrader and Land Nationalisator the South Australian Premier has turned a complete volte face, an act that Sir. John Downer caustically desoi'ibed as " not degi'adation but development-politically." Mr. Holder has held a port folio almost continuously since 1892. This Ministry is the forty- third South Australia has/had in 47 years J New Zealand has just now " A Charwoman Scandal." Between four and five o'elook on a oei'tain morning during the New Zealand session, two highly respectable women named Margaret Hioks and Mary Lewis were on their way to Parliament Buildings to engage in their customary work of cleaning, when they were molested and assaulted by two or more men. Their screams brought the police to the spot, with the result that Thomas Henry Byrne, Mayor of Kumara, and Frank Miohell, said to be the brother of the Mayor of Hoki tika,- wore arrested and lodged in the look-up. Next morning Byrne was visited at the station by Mr. Seddon, the Premier, and was bailed out by Mr. Seddon's son-in law. Subsequently, Miohell was fined for the assault, but on a hairdresser named Ellis ooming forward arid saying that he and not Byrne was the other guilty party Byrne was discharged. The Auokland Observer pub lished some remarks upon the ease, and it was because oi these comments that Mr. Byrne demands an apology and the payment of a sum of money. Having made careful enquiries into the case the Observer could not see its way to apologise. Hence an action by Mr. jiytue for £1000 damages for libel. . Mb. Solomon Joseph", who was found dead i>om apoplexy at his office in Tamworth, New South Wales was one of the most intellectual of journalists in /Aus tralia,;and was respected by numerous friends in alfthe colonies. The late Mr. Joseph was born at Plymouth England, on Juue 15, 1834, and came to Australia -10 years ago.' In 1867 he married .Miss Caroline Cohen, of Sydney, sister of Lady Benjamin, and left issue three son's and--three-daughters. Two sons-Messrs. Horace Joseph, and-Mr. George Joseph/are residents in Western Australia.' The third son-Mr. Sidney Joseph-who is . associated-in considerable mining ventures with Mr. George Grey-is at present in London, where also re sides one of the daughters-Mrs. Octave Levy. In 1871 Mr. Joseph started in Melbourne The Australian ?Isrcelite, the first Jewish paper ever printed in Aus tralia, and onq which apart from its religioas principles was muoh appreciated, as a literary production by the cultured of all creeds. In 1882 Mr. Joseph purchased The Iamworth News, which he edited until his death, which occured in his office during tho. absence of the staff. A Jew,of Mr. Joseph's stamp is a oredit to his race. .As an instance of Mr. Joseph'.* catholicity and broad-mindedness, it may be mentioned that when the incumbentcy of the Tamwor.th .Church of England became vacant .Mr. Joseph wa3 instrumental in the selection of Archdeacon Lewis, of St. Jude's Church, Carlton. PROFESSOR Pepper, of " Pepper's Ghost" fame, has just died at Leytonstone, England where he had re cently been living. To the younger generation " Pepper's Ghost"- is more a legend that a reality, but thirty years , ago it was . as popular. as the present biograph. It was in 1848 that John Henry Pepper, , born in 1821, was appointed analytical chemist at the .Royal Polytechnic in Regent-street London. For some years the elementary scientific lectures and shows satisfied the Polytechnic's patrons. but Professor Pepper began to find that something different was wanted and he turned his attention to the " ghost" method of illusion, which a civil engineer named Dircks brought to his notice. The .idea of "Pepper's Ghost came to ' him one day as he was walking out of St. James's Hall when some reflections from a mirror caught his notice, but there is no doubt that he worked on Dirck's idea, and developed the arrangement of mirrors and glass, which made ' Pepper's Ghost, celebrated. At first he worked with mirrors at the side of the stage, but Professor Sylvester, who joined him, introduced the mirror beneath the footlights and the front glass on the stage, and that was the method afterwards adopted. For a long while audiences did not understand the mystery' of the ghost, but people who understood the use of mirrors, knew how the thing was done, although that did not lessen enjoyment of a ghost performance. It was decidedly entertaining to see an apparently solid 1 ghost' walk through another character on the stage. But the ghost had his day,- and has not been much heard of in reoent years. There is no doubt that Pepper made a lot of money out of the ghost, but he did not die rich. Nearly twenty years ago he came to Aus tralia to ' make rain' for the farmers, long before the American rain-makers appeared, but it was not a sue oess. His idea was to cause rain to fall by means of aerial explosions, but he oould not make the rain fall where there was no rain up in the sky, and so ho oould do nothing in plaoes where rain was most wanted. He afterwards beoame public analyst at Brisbane. Professor Pepper brought out successors to the " Ghost" in tho "Sphinx"' and the "Protean cabinet," but none succeeded like the ghost, and " Pepper's Ghost" will re main his chief claim to oelebrity. BANGER Broadbridge, who has been in charge of tho Caulfiold course for a score of yoarg, will have the "going" in exoellent order for next Saturday., Besides knowing the wet parts of Gippsland, he knows how to keep the -, Caulfield course dry. When Mr. Alex. McCraokqn .disposes of a horse it seems good enough to baok it in their owner's oolors. Drama and Garlotus oan be quoted as examples. 