ST. GEORGE'S CATHEDRAL. ORDINATION SERVICE. SERMON BY BISHOP OF TASMANIA. At St. George's Cathedral yesterday morning an ordination service was held. and the Bishop of Perth administered ordination to the Revs. J. P. Davoren and G. Digby Wilson as priests. The service commenced with a sermon of ex hortation, which was preached by Dr. 3Montgomery, Bishop of Tasmania. Dr. Montgomery took as his text the words "Take heed to thyself" (I. Tim., iv., 16). That was an occasion, he said, which called forth deeper 'thoughts, more fervent prayer, more longing for the true welfare of the Church of God than the ordination of a priest. They (their brother clergy) recalled how tre mendous a power for good was wrapped in the gift to be received by their brethren about t6 receive ordination nothing less than the pbwer of the Holy Ghost to cleanse and defeat, and to es tablish the body of. Christ-,-and becaus'b it meant so lofty a possibility for the greatest good. So also it made possible the greatest and the moist terrible of falls, and their fervent -prayers were for their welfare, and to realise the glory and the danger they shared with them. whey (the clergy). after years of high office, were humbled as they recalled their own failures. bhut they would not change their lot for any on earth, for: they were messengers, stewards, watch men for the Lord. and assisted by His grace always, theirs was the noblest calling that the world knew. With ex -erience gained'by mistakes, as well as by the general, discipline of life, he would say, as a brother, the words in the e-istle.to Timothy., "Take heed to thy self." They (their brethren in Holy Orders) repeated the injunction in the spirit of brotherly affection, because their office could not only immeasurably raiso the peonle when faitlhfully exer cised, but it could also, if 1esy became careless, lower the whole 't6ioe of'a parish. A noble clergyman in an ordi nation sermon' had tiuly said: "The spiritual soul of a- iarish- rarely, if ever, rises above that of the pastor., Let them see their life is" a tr'st fraught with a. grave responsibility, awful in its possibilities. -Their 'tstrrfftii-V? from above. "I will never leave thee nor for sake thee." the Iord had said, and they should not become. disederaged. They were called on to.raip, all their-lives, the level of their own spiritual life, that the level of other -might rise also. It was the spirit and character of their lives which toltl. foi'all tiey 'ail anid did could be, and had often been, made useless by what they really were in spiri tual-'4e. In these'??ays-the nmiisters ofiG s Word had to burn a very.pnre I fmrine indeed by keeping daily :very:close to' God. They- should conduct their' prayers with devotion,..and make their daily prayers a tremendous reality, and also let them "tak-?heed to thyself" that they ofered thanksgiving every day, for nothing opened the heart so much, and nothing was, more' i&glected.; As a general rule, it was in the knowledge of the Bible that the clergy failed in these days more than in older days, and a steady, quiet, deliberate reading of the lessons, and wondering over. some deep lesson every day, was helpful. No man could do so without raising the tone and temper of- his life, and they would wel come "quiet days" for communion with God. Let the bfethren confess how hard it was to combine sweetness and tenderness with force; how easy to let business and 'organisation 'and activity of body destroy the Ibloom of the best Christian life, by having lost the pure note of a deenly loving heart, such a life being spoiled for the very best, though they never meant it, and per haps did not know what they had lost. On entering the nulpit let them always pray, "O, 'God, give me a loving heart," and the prayer would be answered by their being led by God to 'e more with Him, lest the duties and round of each day snoil the temper and tone of minis terial life. Let them' beware of any point in their work upon which they con sidered they were especially strong, such -as in organisation, 'visiting, or preach-i ins, for at times God nermitted them to fail. in order to humble them before the world, in "that very point upon which tey were so sensitive, and about which they were so proud. Therefore they should pray most earnestly for help on that subject. Next they should remem ber for very many years 'yet their youth, for it was an awful thing for youth to be called gnon to instruct age and experience. They were sure to make mistakes, and the remedy was to be very humble, and be diligent students of life, and to read deeply of the best works. but for many years the young men should speak as learners. In all their teachings they must remember that they had beside them a Heavenly Schoolmaster. who made no mistakes. they were all learners, and they all had to come hifore Him, who would say to them: "Be brave, spell for M3e-spell pain. spell noverty, spell bereavement. spell anguish," as well as joy, hope, and health. In conclusion, the Rishop urged the brethren to be brave and have a good hone. for they were putting themselves into the hands of Almighty God, to serve Him as He willed. He exhorted thecm as brothers tii burn a ipure same, bLecause the ideal of their wodikwas,so supremelv great, .and to have .a ood hone in Him *lhp walked henide them. He urged them not to look back, but alwavs forwurd,"sdiid p ed that God wiletirwork thirough -them wonderful thiiiiwherewith to bl'ess and comfort and'uvify the liveso inanlkridd. The solemn andd"bautiful ceremony was. then proceedled-with; -- Tle senior *archdeacons Droseetl thear two.cadi dates to the Jlishbo"'of Perth' who was ,seated on his throne. .The Bishop exa mined the candidateh -and then com mended them to the players of the con -regation. The Litany was said by the Dean; the Bishop saiying' asnecial suff rage.' The Litany ended, the Introit w?as sung, duriig wliich:the-Bisiojp and his assistants procieded to. the altar, where-Eucharist was coiomeiee8. 'After. the Gospel, the Bishop being seated below the altar, surrounded by his as sistants, the candidates were brought forward, and were called upon by the Bishop to take the oaths, aid make the declarations req'uired before their ordi nation. The oaths were accordingly administered by the registrar: The se? rice then proceeded in accordance with the ritnal nrescribed hy the Prayer Book. the Bishop kneeling in front of the altar during the snicint of the Vinci Creator. This ended, and a prayer of supplication having been said, the Bis hop. amidst profound silence, laid his bands upon each kneeliing candidate, I sererally reciting the words of ordina tion prescribed. and delirerine to each candidate a Bible, saving. 'Take ihon authority to preach the Word of God. and to minister the Holy Sacrament in the congregation where' then shalt he lawfully thereunto." The Bishop againi returned to the altar, and' comrlcted the celebration of Holy Eucharist in bhe usual manner, and the ceremony vhas brought to a conclusion. The Bis.op'E assistants were the Dean as Gospeller, ite Archdeacon of Perth Epistoler, the Rev. D. J. Garland registrar and chap lain, the Rev. C. E. C. Lefroy staff bearer. Archdeacon Barton-Parkes also Joined with the assistants in the laying on of bi.os. The Revs. T. McClemens and F. J. Price attended the Bishop of .asmania, who was seated on the north side of the altar, as chaplains. Amongst the other clergy present and the choir were the Revs. W. F. Marshall, J. Ellis, A. Burton, E. Saunders, J. A. Howes, A. G. Cutts, J. S. Needham, and W. 5veringham. The erv. J. P. Davoren is at present stationed at Victoria Park, but is about to proceed to Menies to take up the work there. The Rev. G. Digby Wilson is at present, and will remain, at New castle. ADDRESS TO THE CLERIGY. In the afternoon a special service was held, when Dr. Montgomery addressed the clergy of Perth and district. The Bishop of Tasmania stated that when on the fields he had given an address, and for that afternoon would take the sub ject of "Devotion." Christ must be made the centre of their devotion, he said. Many people, whilst professing their lore for him, found difficulty in retaining Christ as the most divine in their affections. They should show the world that they recognised their obliga tions to Him, and that they knew lie was present with them always. It was no more trouble to do this than for a soldier to be obedient to Jlis general. As the soldier gave all in the takiig of fortress, so should they give themselves wholly to Christ's cause. Nothing but absolute devotion would bring convic tion. Christ was the mediator.:batween God and man. He explained the dif ference between the terms mediator and redeemer, and pointed out that, whe ther a man wrs a sinner or as'p"re as an unborn infant, Christ would be always the mediator. No matter how high they raised civilisation, it would.still be earthy. No doubt existed of'the pre existence of Christ. Reference was made to the errors which had been ande by certain sections. Some had refeired to Him as a genius, brit, he 1iotsbatted" this word, whilst nointing oat' that be lievers and non-believers had joined in the one decision that Christ was the greatest man the world had ti'r seen: No deeper teaching was possible than this life provided. Still tey were ask ing for some si?n, some revelation. God cud not throw down His choicest gifts to be trodden underfoot, but they were buried, so that they had to dig for them. These things were nature's parn bles, and he instanced the discovery of iron, lying in the ground until it was needed. These things made them rea lise who our Divine Master was. Re ference having been made to the beliefs of the Agnostics and the Realists, the clergy were urged to make devotion to fire was of no use. Let, this love ap burn brightly; the cool, smouldering flire was of no use. Let their love ap pear in their faces, in their demeanour, in their sermons and conversations, so that the world would say of them, they believe in their Christ. They.should-re member St. Paul's rebuke. "Let thy chosen people he joyful." Like the sol diers who had to make sacrifices, they all had their crosses to carry, but by being devoted to their faith, they would succeed in their Master's work. 