EXPERIENCES MEDIUM. A materialising medium wto is wellkeown iu spiritualistic circles is Madame D'£s|>eraoce. concerning whom " Light" has published some account of tbe way in w'uicb she began to know that tbe invisible woild is as real as tbat wlicli is visible. In her case it seems indeed as if the invisible world was at first the more real of the two. From her infancy Madame D'Ksoeraiice dwelt amoBg the spooks, seeing tt.em moving ID and out- amoDg men and as human as her own parents. "So far as I know, *he first teal thought 1 ever took in connection wilh these expeiiei ces was when necessity arose for defining and separating them from the experience* of tbe workaday world ; when I came gradually to the understanding tt-at tbe world in which I tpent most of tbe day was not the same world that the people round about me inhabited. Tbe discovorv did not trouble me. I fakcy I was rather proud of being the sole proprietor of a world to which my nnrse and others of the woikiday woild had no entree ; where tbe people were kinder and quainter. It was a wonderful land, and 1 never tired of relating its uaaivels aud beauties, till one day I was told tbat I was <-ld enough to leavb otf romancing and weaving absurd stories. "It took me some time to understand that my stories weie not believed, but when I did my indignation was boundless. I learned, however, at last, that there are some things it is as wtll not to talk abeut to everyone ; so 1 graduallyleft oti tianslatiag the voices of the wind or the songs of tLe birds, which nubody believed, or oa.ly called romancing—a word which I grew to hate. " To compensate for this I took much more comfort in my human (?) companions, who inhabited what I call my ' shadow ' laud, though they were anything but shadows to me. They were always kind If 1 passed them ou the stails, or in the old-fashioned rooms, they greeted me with fi ieodly smiles. They seemed to like to bave me watching tbem as tbey moved about, ana this I often did. Sometimes strangers came, but for the most part I grew to recognise tbem all, and loved tbem dearly, " One old lady who frequently occupied a seat near the chimney corner attracted me ; she looked so sweet and gentle in the quaiBt ! rbite bead-dress and lBce fichu she wore, as she sat witb swiftly moving Sogers under which a stocking was always being formed. The vision fascinated me as I observed, time after time. j how the deft fingers manipulated the yarn aud i the ^liltcriBg needles, tdl the idea came to ine 1 that I might learn Low to knit from watching her. " 1 teased my nurse to supply me witb the necessary materials, and then tried hard to imitate the movements of my shadow friend. " They said our house was haunted, and gruesome stories were told of the ghosts who pel ambulated is many empty rooms. 1 was horribly atraid of ghcBts. I didn't know what they were, but all the same, 1 was afraid of them ; afraid ta more from one room to another without my shadow friends for company ; afraid to be left alone in bed unless I saw the friendly face or smile of one of them, and felt certain tbey wonld protect me from the dreaded ghosts. With them I knew no tear ; dark rooms had no terrors for me. I would spend hours in the haunted rooms, coutent to know that my shadow friends were an allsufficient protection against the ghosts; but without tbem I was the veriest coward. This seeming inconsistency gained for me tbe reputation of being * queer.' " •*Mad»n»eD'E-peraoce had ber ears boxed for describing the eld lady from sbadowland who knitted so quickly iu the chimney corner. But she got over Ihst. What filled ber child soul with hoirer was the assurance given her by the doctor f tbat other people see these things, bnt they are mad. From that moment she shuddered with dread whenever Bbe saw them, believing each apparition wsa a proof that ber roason was going. At last, to her great delight, she found that tbey appeared but seldom and almost entiiely vanished. "When at school,Madame D'£sperance had a very curious experience. She had to write an essay on Nature. " My attempts at writing only resulted in wasted paper, headaches, or miserable tears at my nca-success, I began to dtspair of ever proj duQiog a readable sentence. Every morning I rose with the determination to write something before night, end each night I went to bed resolved to keep awLke to thick out something before morning : but thoughts would not come —neither in the daylight nor in tbe sight. " At last, when it had reached to witbiu three days of tbe a'lotted time and I had still done nothing, I was driven to my knees and prayed long and earnestly tbat God would send me thoughts. When I went to bed that night I took with me candles, paper, and pencils, intending, when the other girls were aslee p, to ligbt my candles and begin to write ; but, alas for me, they would not let me have a ligbt, and, in despair, I cried myself to sleep, Next morning, when miserably gathering up the scattered sheets of paper from the floor where they had fallen, I discovered tbat tbey were covered by closely-written lines, which turned nut to be a chaining, well-thought-out essay. This, after due consideration, I was allowed to seed in as my work, the handwriting being unmistakably my own, though the ideas were clearly from a wiser and oldor bead. " My story of huw I bad prayed for thoughts to be given to me, together with my own somnambulic propensities, was accepted as tbe probable explanation of the otherwise mysterious occurrence. " gome years later, when I had exchanged the busy, occupied life of eldest daughter in a large family for that of a young wife who for several hours a day was left to her own company, I was horrified to find tbe shadow people reappear, and I began to be tormented by the old fear of a diseased brain. I never spoke ef these strange visions, I was tea much afraid of people thinking me mad ; but the weary secret was a torture to me." Then Madame D'Esperance began to bear about spiritualism. She scoffed at first, but was soon convinced, and agreat peace and rest came to ber. She got automatic writing and then she began to sketch tbe portrait of tbe shadow people, '* These were generally done in the dark, as I found that tbe darkness ected as a background, throwing into strong relief every small detail of the figure I tried to sketch. At first I was as much surprised as anybody to find I had actually succeeded in making a tolerably accurate drawing uuder such conditions. I did not understand how I did it; all I knew was that to me it was not dark. Most of the poitraits so drawn were identified and claimed by the friends of the portrayed person, so that out sf some hundredsdiawu I only retaio a half-dozen or so which were not recognised." After experiments for live or six years, they began to experiment for materialisation. At the fourth sitting :— " These silting outside the cabinet declared that they saw a hand, then a face, appear between the openings of tbe curtains. I (sitting io the darkness) saw nothing, and was distinctly ir.c ri du'ous. I went outside the cuitaius to l.ave a look, but found to my dismay tbat my limbs would hardly bear me. 1 did see a facr, but sank into my etisir immediately, feeling ftrargely weak and powerless ; and a sort of fai-awa;-fi<-m-i vi. vbc.dy sensation friyht- (ii;eJ me vciy u.ucL. While in the cabinet I jjieard the remarks of Uie people outside die- tinctly, though thoy sierm d ta bp f-pp;:kin£ miles away. TL« y nvrt? lalkii c. t<\- T.i e i^rtr tA the face I had seen, iuvitii g hni; l<> c. n.o out, but be declined tu the store of l aving no clothes. During the interval belwitm that evei:i»:g and <.'Ur next muling, my fririid, Mis. 1 ? , aud 1 mauutactured sunn- garments out of synns old ones which we intended tn pi act- :>t the. disposal of our strange visitant should be come again. A garment was taker: to the seauce • orirn aud hung up within the obi tat. reedy for use when the spirit came. He did come, and examieed the garuii.ut critically, but was evidently not t-u pleased with it as wo weie, foi be itilltd it up iitidtbriwit out iuto tbe loam ; dtterv.iirijs stepping out btmself fully clot hod in a lobe ot [ ui» r finer, and morey'ar.eful fashion lh:ii> that wuicb we bad piovidtd. This nas the; beginning of a—to me—new pi.ase ot m: diumsbip, Bnd, curiously i uough, the 11:01c it was cultivated the more <Mffkult it became to obtain any other kind cf phenomena, showing tl at the one phase was cultivated at the expense of tie other.'" In a book written by M. Ak-akuS. " A ore of partial dematcrinliratiou fcf a medium body, a detailed accuuut appeals of » m;iteri»li iug seiiace ;ri»-en bv Madame D'Hsperai-ce at Helt-ingfoi* in Dec., L893. at the indent request of !>piiiluali.->ts ot high social siam-ing. In a subsequent letter tn M. Aksakc-fl, Madame D'Bsperance wiote : — The peculiar thing about this seatice consists in tb« disappearance of half ray body, which I only fouKri i-ut by tccidtnt. My head, or rather the nape of my neck, was giving me a good <lt-al of p»iu- and I crossed my bands behind my Lead tu suppoit it, which siemed to relieve li e. My arms got tired in tbat position, and wishing to rest them on my knees, I found tbat UIJ legs were gone, and that my hands, instead of le-ting ou my knees, were on tbe chair. Tbat frightened me a little, aud I wished to know wLe.tl.i r it was true, or if I was dreaming. Theie was liubt evuugh, so I called the attention ot tLe. person si.ling nr xt. roe to tbe strange thing : be examined the chair, and so did four of tbe otbeis, and they >11 declared it was true, and that only tLe upper part of my bony was really ti.ere. The cbaii had only mr diess on it ; my arms, si ouldeis, and chefit weie in the proper place above the cbair. 1 could speak, move my arms and head, diiuk water, and c-ven f<el my legs end feet, altt.ough tbey were oot there. During all Ibis time the forms came aud went, but they OBly showed themselves ; hsnds of different shapbs and sizes touched those who weie nearest the cabinet. I think it must have continued an hour from the time 1 fiist ois coveied my strange condition, which was long enough to verity it, and quite long enough for me, who did not know if ever 1 would get back my legs and bfc able to go home, a doubt that made me nervous." M. Aksskoff and the otLei: siiuis coituburate life entiie truthfulness of the foregoing statement. aud the Former thinks that partial demateiiali-ation may be a far more fieque.nt phenomenon than is at all suspected. This experience weut to confirm Lis theoi y about tLe eource from which the •' spirits " draw the substance for their raateriilisatious. Tbat theory is tbat there aie tbiee degrees of materialisation. In the first decree, we have ** invisible materialisation "—invisible to the multitude, but not to the. clairvoyant. In tbe secned degree we have the visible and tangible materialisation of bands, faces, and other parts of the body. In the tbiid degrev we bave full forms. Ic all cases tbe matter must come frem somewh«re, and M. Aksakoff believes it comes from the medium. A peculiarity of Madame D'tisperanre's mediumsbip is said to be tbat by a bargain with tbe spirits, she never goes into a trance, and always sits outside tbe cabinet, and, although she becomes passive to tbe point of indifference, she always knows all that goes on. 