LUCKNOW. (FBOH OUE OORHESPONDENT) A most diabolioal deed Was perpetrated at Newtown last Monday night. Mrs. James Ohallioe had a very fine yard of poultry, in whioh she took considerable interest. On Tuesday morning judge of her disappointment and indignation at finding fourteen of the best lyiog, some of them dead and the remainder dying 1 There is little doubt, from poit mortem appearances, that it is a oase of wholesale poisoning. The individual that wonld, out of sheer destructiveness, destroy a lot of harmless-and valuable property is a danger lo tbe community. Given the ciroumstanoes, he would take human life. Let us hope that the culprit will be deteoteid ere he does muoh more harm. The weekly danoe took plaoe in tbe Social Hall last Saturday evening. There was a goodly number present, and all seemed to thoroughly enjoy themselves. The oommittee of the looal Church of England Sooiety have deoided to hold a bazaar and Christmas fair in Deoember next. The ghost soare is gradually dying out. Various explanations have been given; and some people ere still doubtful. To say the least, it has thrown a good many into a broum study. Under tbe management of Mr. A. T. Smith things are looking more lively and businesslike at the D'Aroy Mine. Reports say that there are some very good indications in this mine, aa there are also at the new shaft. It will be a great blessing if some good gold is soon disoovered in these mines, and so help to lift the depression that has so long rested on Ibis township. The weather is neither one thing nor the other, but—the other. The oreek is sgain running very strongly, end tbe roads—well, they baffle description. One s'ory goes like this: Two men were looking for their horses on a road just out of Luoknow One man said to. tbe other, referring to some planks whioh appeared to be lying on the road, " I wonder why those boards were put down heref' " Boards ?" replied theother, " wby that is the floor of my dray ; I got bogged here a week ago." 26/7/1900. 