Creamery-Picnic. ' The promoters of the Yinnar "Creamery" picnic, which was heId in Lavinia Park on Wednesday last, have to be congratulated in many ways. Firstly for choosing a day so fine; secondly for selecting such a splended trysting ground, and lastly, but not least, for carrying out all arrangements so success fully. Since the picnic was first decided upon the matter was entered into most heartily, and no less than £7 or £8 was collected for prize money. All were cordially invited and the gathering, which was a large one, was by no means restricted to creamerymen. All Yinnar and family were there, whilst the surrounding districts, including Morwell, were well represented. Mr. Jos. Keogh appeared " the father" of the picnic, and with the assistance of Messrs McCrory, G. and J. Purcell, Firmin, Colman and others, kept things merrily going. Early In the day the little ones were set racing, and each starter awarded a prize, which kept them, happy for the remainder of the afternoon. The events were numerous and varied, and after the children's foot racing there was a hack race. There was a fair field, but Jones' overture was too good for the company and won rather easily, with P. Quigley's Doreen second. The trot came next and was a good race, the winner turning up in McEvoy's Ghost, with Moran's Jasper next. The Carters Handicap came next when there was a very large field. T. Jones, who was furthest back managed, however, to get furthest ahead, just winning on the tap, whilst P. Quigley ran a good second An open Handicap was next. The en tries were so numerous that it was re solved to run it in two heats, the result being :--First heat, W. O'Hara 1 ; D. Neve, 2; 2nd Heat, J. McNamara 1: T. Jones. 2. Final-Joe McNamara, 1; T. Jones, 2 W. O'Hara, 3. Bowling the cricket hall at one stump created a good deal of interest. The final result being that Messrs Rowley, Clanchy, and Colman divided, being equal after a throw off. The pony race was a soft thing for Irving's Dot. whilst Rose'a Little Annie was a good second. The Galloway. was, however, a more exciting race. The Nun led till entering the straight, when she was overtaken by Belviedare followed by Topsy, and a great struggle ensued. They were all in a bunch when passing the judge whose ver dict was Deppler's Belviedare, 1; Scan- lon's The Nun 2; Fawkner' Topsey 3. The Siamese Race brought forth a nlumber of competitors, the result of final heat being Rose and Whittolz 1; McGrath and Cummins 2. A boys hoot race was rather amusing and was carried off by B. Scanlon with G. Stone second. Catching the greasy pig also created a stir while it lasted. The " Boer" how. ever, in this instance had overwhelming numbers against him, and was finally taken prisoner by T. Daly. The high-jump was won by D. Lawless : P. Lawless and B. Ronald being a tie for second place The greatest event of time day was a tug.of.war (eight men aside) between Budgeree, and Yinnar. The teams were most evenly matched and the tug lasted about ten minutes. Each team, was well sopported by barrackers, and the din and clamour during the "war" was enough to " drown" anyone. First Budgeree gained an advantage, then Yinnar hauled them back again, and this game was kept up nearly the whole time. Great drops of perspiration rolled off each tugger, as they strained every sinew, and occasionly they were fanned by their respective supporters. Mr. T. Scanlon was captain of the Bud. gerits and eventually by strategy led them to victory. The causalities being blistered hands, cramped arms, legs, and general " knock out." Messrs Brown, McDonald, Firmin and Colman acted as judges and were most impartial in their decisions, whilst Mr. McCrory started the fields going in a first- class manner. The ladies of the district were most generous and applied sumptuous refresh- ments in abundance to everyone present, for which they deserve great praise. 