THE ABOLITION OF OLD AGE, The newest medical discovery reported from Paris Is a prophylactic against old age. American scientists have also been at work on this problem for some : time past, and lately it was reported tlnit a means had lmon iVmml hv whioh ,thr> rlii rn f-ilrvn 'hi' linmnn life could be prolonged to the/limit claimed to have beonT'eached by- tliei oldest Inhabi tant of Mesopotamia before the Deluge. The Parisian discovery, which is alleged to have been made in the rastopr Institute by Pro fessor Motclinlkolf, does not actually en'cour- "ago tho hope or the fetir of, living to Methu selah's age, although,, if genuine, it would considerably Increoso the allotted ; spain Tlie' great point claimed for it is that' it will ar-, rest tlie process . of senile; decay to nu extent that will protect from tho withering hand of age all the facilities of a mini lip to tho last moment of his existence. Tho "rugis et Instauti seuectae"/fi'om which Horace de clared that there was no escape will be successfully eluded, nnd the , world peopled by men and women wlio, no matter liow long they may live, will remain always young. In all ages tho elixir of life has been tho object of fatu ous pursuit, nnd skull-capped charlntism has palmed oil' innumerable frauds In its name on persons who, just as tlioy thought tlioy wore learning how to live, found that the time was at hand for them to die. The great point about ti perpetual youth specllic as a medium for imposing on public credulity is the difficulty of compelling the Inventor to show the practical proof of its efficacy. You cannot very well wait until someone demon strates tho fact by beating the record of Methuselah, and it is this which enabled the quacks of old to so sucecssfuly impose upon their dupes, who, as they could not ask for a test, luid to lake the word of tlie charlatan or give up all their cherished hopes of mun dane immortality. Hut things are Mil this respect very much changed since then. Al though we cannot ask a man like Professor Motehnlkoll' to let us see him demonstrating tho virtues of ids nostrum in ills own per son, we can demand the rationale of It 1'or science to investigate. This Hie Pasteur In stitute has apparently no objection to, and If the reports from there are true the principle on which Professor Melelinlkol'f works has been already explained. The alleged discovery begins by proving that the previously- accepted theory of human decay was erroneous. This was t bat- in the blood there were two classes of cellular society, one patrician and the other plebeian, and that when tlie waning energies of departing youth rendered tlie body no longer able to eliminate organic poisons with the same efficiency as before, the classes be came debilitated, whereupon the masses rose up and devoured them. The low-down sec tion are represented by the white corpuscles of the blood, tlie phagocytes, who devour disease germs which enter the body, and, which if not so eaten would de stroy it. They are afraid to attack the red aristocrats, who scorn such vile diet, , however, until tlie latter have been debilitated by. tho processed of advanc- ing age, when the phagocytes, who luid hitherto defended the body against its out ward enemies, unsllp the dogs of civil war within, and bring about the cataclysm called Death. Professor Aletclmikoff, who was himself tlie iirst to call attention to these alleged proceedings on llie part, of tlie plirfgo- cyte, now wishes lo qualify his theory. Ac cording to the latest, discovery he is reported to have made, tlie rebellious phagocyte does not succeed in completely" annihilating his mi crobe superiors, who keep tlie blood red and thiek'and tlie body strong. Those, although debilitated by senility, tire not; destroyed, and It is possible for science to assist them in their light against the phagocytes, so llrat their supremacy may be permanently main tained, which meauS permanent vigor irre spective of tlie lapse of years. Whether, when the phagocyte lists been foiled in his attempt, to imitate the sans-cullo-lism of the French Revolution, he will resume his patriotic war against the foreign microbe wlio attacks tlie body, is, however, not made clear. The lilgh-toned red cor puscles are all very well while there nro 110 specific disease germs to com bat. But when the typhoid, or tho small pox, or tho bubonic plague bacilli get. into the system, tho fighting, cannibalistic phago cyte is required to exiiol -them. Tho question is, will lie remain willing or able to do so after the Pasteur people have lent the aid of their cunningly-concocted lymphs and sc rums to the red corpuscles, and thus en abled them to turn tho tables and maintain a supremacy which nature has, after a. certain time, hitherto ordered to bo given up. If tlie phagocyte falls in the civil war, who will remain to tackle the zymotic germ that Is sure to rush in on tho next breath? For, according to the explanations of Pro fessor Metchnikoff's method of staving, off old age that havo been published, tlie whole secret is contained in robbing the phagocytes of what has hitherto boen'thelr lawful prey — their reward, as it wore, for military ser vice rendered on the disease frontier during tho body's youth. Tlie experiment which led to his discovery was tlie injection of the blood of a guinea-pig into the veins of a rabbit. Tlie rabbit died. In investigating tlie cause of death, the professor found (but tlie injection developed a poison, which weakened tho red cells, and rendered them a prey to the white ones before their time. Hence dea th. Reasoning from the analogy of the action of ordinary' medicinal -.poisons,', he concluded that what was fatal in large doses would be stimulating.' in smaller oifes. Experiment proved bim right, t.lio red cor puscles being found strengthened, and the phagocytes rendered powerless to injure tliem after more' moderate injections. The effect of the blood serum being thus proved, further experiments showed that the liver serum, the kidney serum, and the brain serum would : yield similar results. It Is, therefore, only, a question of fortifying each vital 'organ of' the body in 'order- to prevent Its vigor being impaired as long as life lasts. And If the organs retain tlieir full workipg power, while the despised phagocyte con tinues to- live in due subjection to tlie uppcr- class rod . corpuscles, land does all the rough 'fighting with invading disease germs, there seems no reason why people should die from anything but sheer ennui. Granting, how ever, that every discovery claimed to have been made in the Pasteur Institute 1s genu ine— and the Paris correspondent of the London "Morniug Post" writes of them seri ously— it all resolves itself into a question of how the phagocyte will adapt himself to the changed- condition- of things from his point of view. If, after a given time, he does not succeed in devouring the red corpuscle as of yore, that, refined microbe may develop a Cannibalistic taste and devour him. Or the disgusted phagocytCj finding that his here ditary prey, is taken froni him, may conclude tliat fighting disease germs 011 behalf of an ungrateful ; corpus, ..which, schemes to rob him of Ills'. reward in tlie end, is only vanity and vexation of spirit, and give up the ghost. In- that case, the last state of the perpetual youth seeker might become worse than the first. An 'eminent. English .physician, dis cussing the subject iu the London "Daily Mail," declares that "we are 011 the verge of great and astoimdlug advances in medical science, and that the attitude of the whole profession is one of confident expectancy." This may bo so. At the shine time, the phagocyte, if lieis as represented, may prove a very dangerous party for spectacled per sons to take liberties with; and any scheme for human -betterment that is based 011 out generaling him lias in it the potential ele ments of serious trouble. 