ENGLISH CHURCH UNION. ANNUAL MEETING. The annnal meeting of the New South Wales branch of the English Church Union was held at St. James' Farrell Hall, Phillip-street, last evening. Mr. H. Tennant Donaldson, J.P., road the annual address. to it kindly reference was made! to the deaths of two clerical members and two lay members of the union -the Revs. J. Sydney Smith and P. R. Spry Bailey and Messrs. F. T. Kilrmnurico and A. Snowden. The first object of the union, it was pointed out by Mr. Donaldson, was to defend and maintain unimpaired the doctrine and discipline of the Church of England. The declaration of the parent union that " the members of the union holding fast to the faith and teach- ing of the one Holy Catholic and Apostolic Church but in the sacrament of the Lord's Supper the broad and wine, through the operations of the Holy Ghost, become- in and by consecration according to our Lord's institution verity and indeed the body and blood of Christ, said that Christ our Lord, present in the same most holy sacrament of the altar, -under the form of bread and wine, is to be worshipped and adored, desire in view of present circumstances to reaffirm, in accordance with the teaching of the Charity, our belief in this verity of the Christian faith," race., was supported by the meeting. Reference was also made to matrimonial agencies, over-insurance of young children, the suppression of street begging by mendicant children, and other social questions. The report was adopted, on the motion of the Rev. G. E. C. Stiles, seconded by Mr. A. Rayment, and supported by the Rev. E B. Proctor. The officers elected for the year 1900-1 were Chairman, Mr. H Tennant Donaldson, J.P. : vice-chairman, the Rev. E. B. Proctor. delegate to the London council, Mr. Bromley, R N. ; council, Messrs. Bartholomew, Churchill, Hegarty, JeiTrya, Parry, Paterson, Ray- ment. Rev. (G. E C. Stiles, and S H Young : hon. secretary and treasurer, Mr. J. C. Michael ; assistant hon. secretary, Mr. J. Moore. 