COMPLETE STORV. PUBLISHED BT SPECIAL ABBANGEMEXT. 8 LAURA GILBERT. SILENCE for Seth Davis's story, boys." And the party of cow boys gathered eagerly round. All felt tnut the grave, taciturn man,- who, though ready to treat others, could never be got to " liquor" himself, had a history to tell, if only he could be got to tell it. Some of their number bad proposed that, to draw him out, each in turn should either spin a yarn or stand drinks round as a forfeit.' Seth Davis, being the eldest, was ap pealed to first. He did not reply at once, but sat thoughtfully stroking his grizzled beard. Then he raised his bright dark eyes i from the ground, and a red flush mounted for a second to his bronzed, handsome face. : 44 Boys, you want a story from me. Wall, you have all bin kinder forbcarin' with an old sour, cuss, and you desarve one. I will tell you the story of my own \ life. - Mayhap you'll think wuss of me j when you hear it Anyway, .you'll not | wonder at my bein1 onllk* most of our ! sort; for I am a grumpy old chap, an' that's a fact. Seventeen years ago I was as light-hearted and careless as any of you j here. i . 41 When my old dad died, and left me liis dollars, i bought a Cue run out West, and went in for the life I alius hankered after—the wild free life of a ranchman. 441 had sot iny heart on a gal in our town. I bad known her ever since we were babbies. She was an only child too, and so soou as we was eighteen we was to be hitched up. She was the most beau tiful human creature I cvei sot eyes on. Vou shall see her.*' Hero Seth took from his bosom a like ness of a very lovely girl, with golden coils of .hair above a face most angelic in ex pression and perfect in feature. Beneath arched eyebiows a pair of large blue ear nest eyes looked forth. 4< But Annie Baird," went on Seth, 44 was a delicate gal. Kinder consumptive, they said; her "skin was too white, and her colour too bright for health. She would sometimes look up to the sky and talk about heaven in such a way—boys, it kin-! dcr made my heart ache. But she would laugh, and be as joyous as ever next min ute, . and talk about Her future, and how she'd love the wild, free, glorious country life, and how strong she'd get in the x>ure country air. " .One day there come to Mostynville— that's the name of our town—s distant cou sin of Annie's called Joseph Southernwood. ■ He had been something in New York City, but had got sick of city life, and was on his way to take up a ranch in Texas, he | said. He spoke big like—he ' panted for freedom,' and all that talk. Fact was, he was a downright loafer, gambler, and bad i lot all round, on'y nobody knew then. ! " He was a tall, good-lookin*, sraooth talkiu' cuss. * A well-disposed young man,'. Mrs. Baird said. .He seemed to make him self pretty well at home, and pretended to have got sweet on Kitty Darant, Annie's chum—a black-haired, 'black-eyed, likely gaL There was no pretence about her feel in's for him, for she was dead gone on his handsome face and treacherous eyes, that changed colour like a cat's. I took n big dislike to him from the first, and he knew it pretty soon. Annie was sorry, for she was unsuspicious as a babby,* and thought good of everybody. •" It was a week before the wedding. I'd to go for three days to my own place to settle all about the home-coming of my wife. I had plenty of dollars, and was lucky with my cattle, so I could afford to make a comfortable home for her. " The day I went she set me on my way for a couple of miles—I'd not let her come further, she never was over-strong, an' 'twas a baking hot day.-, I mind it all— the big tree we stood under, and the look in lier eyes—I'd seen it in them before, bat never just like that last time, as 1 kissed her good-bye. t "I was away the three days, and,.comin' back, I was as gay and happy as n bird as I hurried to meet my darlin'. She al ways met me near the wicket, as she knew pretty well im usual time for comin'. Joyfully I dashed on, and turned quickly into the walk, ready to clasp my dear love in my anus, and there in front of me stood —not my Annie, with blushing cheeks and bashful eyes, but Kitty Darant, white and skccred as if she had* seen a ghost. For a minute I couldn't speak, and me an* Kitty stood starin' at each other. "'Where's Annie?' I gasped out at last. But she couldn't speak to me. On'y looked awful.- Then, in a voice I didn't know for my own, I said * "'My Godf she's dead J' "KoJ boys, I see wlwt you're thiuking. Annie Baird bad not broke a bloodvessel and died, as might have been—an' better so. She had been carried off—abducted— three days' before, by Joseph Southern wood. He had humbugged them all, Kitty told me. They had none of them any sus picions. Even Kitty, & sharp and rather jealous gal, put down his^ tenderness and attentions to Annie to his pity for her not bein* strong. Kitty had been spendin* a few days away with an aunt of hers when it happened. Mr. and Mrs. Baird were distracted, an* I was struck down by brain fever that same night, and it was long before J got back my senses. "When I did, I knew that Kitty had nursed zne night and day. She seemed to be turned into a woman of marble—bard, quiet, and with a set look-in her face. When I came to myself, and, remembered what had happened, I was near going off again. 'Keep cool,»Seth Davis,' 'she said, laying her hand, itself as cold as ice, on my forehead, ' don't you excite yourself by thinkin' Kick, onV remember one thing, you've got to get well to avenge us all. i Hush! Don't speak. Don't think. Go to; sleep.' I " I got well at last, and strong enough j to commence to hunt Joseph Southernwood and his victim down. The day I set out, ] Kitty Durant, when I went to thank her j for nursin' me, and to say good-bye, gave me a silver-mounted revolver—Joe South ernwood's last present to her, for she was a good shot with that weapon. u'Herc, Seth,' she said, 'take this along with you, an' when you find hiia, shoot him dead with it! That is all the return I want for narsiug you. It gave me strength to watch an'-tend you day an* night an* never tire, jest to think of that. I wish I could go with you; if you had not pulled through, I'd have hunted him myself She put the revolver into my j hand and looked hard at me. "Twill be ; all right,' she said, 'I can read in your! eyes that the revenge you will take on* him ! will satisfy even me.' * " I bad beeu ou tbe hunt for nearly eighteen mouths from inr start; sometimes getting a cluc and losing it again, but holdin' ou—lio'din' ou. I had discovered enough to make me pretty sure he had changed bis name to Jackson. I came one night to a sort of station in California, near a big foi'est, where a party of oulucky diggers had made a clcarin' to try their hands at farmtn* for a livin\ They seemed to hare made a better hand of that than diggin' for gold, for there "was zi sort of hotel there, an' a small store or two. I asked for a shake-down aft to invself, and, as I paid well for it, I had r. bunk in a small closet with ony a boarding between it an' the room where half-a-dozen fellers were drinbin' an',gambling. "I thought Td take a stretch before sup per—as I wa£ real tired and could sleep through any noise; so I lay down and was soon off. How long I had been slcepin' I couldn't tell, when I woke up sudden wide. I had only been asleep, and that voice would hare roused me if J had been at the point of death. It was Joseph Southernwood's1. " * I couldn't come before, bovs,' he said, in answer to a grumble at his late appear ance. 4 My wife's had a faintiu' fit, and was sheered to be alone.' " A sorter kind o' mad joy went through me when I heard that devil's voice. 'Twas all I could do to keep from rushing into the room there and then. But there were too many around, an1 I might ha1 been baulked. So I just looked through &t; chink in tho boards to get a sight of the face of him. Twas he, sure enough, but greatly changed, and not for the better. He had got bloated, dirty, an1 careless in dress. He looked now what he'd alius been—an awful bad lot. The on'y things not altered were his cat's eyes, an'* they had the same deceirin', treacherous look as ever. " I got at the wife of the boss, a good-hcarted but rough sort, .an* she told me all I wanted to find out. They—-Jack-: son and his wife—lived quite alone in a ! cabm about a mile away irom tne station. I made up my tuind to see my poor lost gal onco more, to satisfy my own mind, an* so I went right off. i" thought I'd keep quiet outward, hut the woman tried to stop me, sayin' if Jackson chanced to see mo around his place' he'd shoot me down. I kinder laughed at that. "'Say, you'd best be keerful, stranger,' the woman urged, 'he's awful jealous, an' a bad limb to deal with, and 'twon't do her no good. 'Sides, it's comin* or a storm— yon'd best not go.' "I said X didn't mind. I'd a partietler message for him that I'd carried about for eighteen months, which I'd give hira after | I'd seen her. The woman looked doubtful,1 but said no more. " After a bit I come on a track that led up the side of a hill corered with scrub and brushwood, an'by that time'the night was drawin* in rapid, ar' the storm rolled higher and higher. The air was hot an' stitiin', the thunder growled, an* the light nin' began to play about the terrible black ness above. I wasn't sorry, foi it showed me the track better. "At last I came on a cabin where there was a light in a window an' no curtain, an* saw—not Annie, surely, that poor shadow, while an' wan, with two red spots on the holler cheeks, and the wild settled look of horror in the big eyes. She was all wrapped in a coarse woollen shawl, though it was a hot summer night, an* ftittin' like a statue, with her poor thin hands clasped before her, an' a cradle close .to her, where a baby was sleeping " Boys, I, who loved her so dear, would not have kuown her, she was so altered, if .' I hadu't felt it was her by the way my heart yearned to her. I" couldn't* have moved to savo my life, for a minute or two. Then she took a lit of coughia', and kept on lookin' at her handkerchief as ' she took it from her mouth. I knew what . that meant, an' no two ways about it. Theu she settled down again, with her hands clasped as before. An* I stood there afraid to stir, lest I should frighten her. 4 On a sudden she threw her eyes up* -; wards, and in a tone I shall never forget, while her hands tightened convulsive-like, she moaned onL—not loud boys, sort o' a sob like—4Oh, Scth! Seth! Sethi* " I couldn't staud it no longer. I got N to the door an* knocked gentle. 1 Come in,' slio said in a timid" voice. "I stood before her. Oh, boys, if you could have seen the look that came over her face. Doubt, fear, joy, an' wonder, . all mixed up. An* sotuethin* more:—ok, boys, the old, old look I had last seen ' under the trees. Then, without a cry or a sound, *cept a kind of low sigh, she fell into my arms. 1 thought she was dead, but she wasn't, nor fainted either, ou'y stuuued. After she told me sh'd been prayin* hard to see me once more 'fore she* died—an' when 1 come in it seemed like ns if her prayer was answered. "Wal, she told me all about what she'd been through since Joe Southernwood car ried her off. She said the. hardest of it a!L had been the fear that was on lier that I' might be thinkin* she had gone wiliin' I told her I never blamed her once, no more did Kitty Darant, but that we had both vowed red vengeance against him. Then she pleaded with me to let him alone; not to soil my hands or inv soul • with crime. " * I am dyin\ Seth darlinV she said,' 4 an' it is my dyiu* prayer. Leave him to God, an' meet me in heaven. I'romisc me! Promise me!' "What could I do? The end of it was • that I gave in, boys. I-wouldn't have done it if she hadn't been dyin*. I pressed my lips to her forehead once more after a fear more words, and turned to leave her, when Fin darned if Joe ' Southernwood didn't meet me right in the doorway, "'So!' he said, quite smooth and civil, but with an ugly gleam out of them cat's eyes of his, 'you have found us out at last, Seth Davis. I thought you would, some time, an* I reckoned '(was you when the boss told me a stranger had been askin* his wife questions. Wal, if you mean fightin', I'm your man.' " * Remember your promise,* rang out Annie's sweet voice, clear as r. bell. I took the feller by the shoulders, and swung him out of my way, while I out away out Into the storm like a mad 'un." Seth's audience murmured their disappro val of this proceeding. i "I thought you'd blame me for not shootin' him; but, boys, I had promised lny dyin* gal The storm outside was nigh as* bad as that goin1 on in me, but I didn't heed it. Suddenly I thought maybe he'd worry her 'cause of my havin' been there, and I was back at the shanty in two jiffs, and creepiu* round to the ^window. "*Die, then, as you are so tired of life, an' wait for your precious lover in heaven ; •" an' a mighty long wait that'll be.' A flash, a report, an' my Annie lay at that devil's feet, shot through the heart. "It all happened in a breath a'most, an* I, who was too late to prevent this deed,' was soon enough to avenge it. In my blind fury I stumbled over something in my path. It was a rope—a lasso. 1 seized it* Surely the devil had helped me. Joe Southernwood never heard me. He was drinkin* whisky out of a horn which, with a jar, bad been set on the table. I was on him before he knew I was in the Toorn. "He was a strong man, but so was I. Seemed to me 'twas but a second before I'd got him down, gauged and bound hand and foot The little 'an in the cradle—it had begun to wail pitiful—would have been stronger in mr hands than that stmgglin.' varmint When I'had bound him, I tools a long pull at the whisky, which made a greater madman of mo than ever. I lifted Annie's corpse, an' laid it on a settle by the window, and straightened her out decent. She looked like an angel more'n ever. Ah, she was then. An' what was I? "More whisky—a big, fiery draught. 'I laughed aloud, an' taunted Joe, askm* him to drink with me. He never took hifi ogly eyes, now green with fear, off mo. There was a big bed in one corner, an' I took note 'twas a wooden one. I lifted him, as easy as I had dono Annie, an' laid him on it, got another rope, on* bound him to the bed; searched round and got a big cask o' kerosene, an* then poured oil an' stuff I had found over the beddin' and him and everywhere. Then he knew what I meant to do, and was white with fear. " All this time the storm outside was real awful, but I didn't mind it. The little 'uu was cryin', an' I didn't mind that neither.* 1 minded notbin' but the furious hate I felt for him, an' the vengeance I was goin' to. take. I didn't reckon my promise to Annio now. I was only doin' justice to a mur derer. One more deep draught of fire-; water, an' I emptied that- jar also over tbo beddin' and \ things. "Then I took out Kitty's revolver, ao5 told him why she gave it to me, but thatf I didn't mean he should die so easy. JC went right to the cradle then, roeamn'— Boys, I've called,him a devil. I was onq myself that hour—meanm* to shoot the little 'un, forgettin' it was Annie's, an* only remembcrin' 'twas his.. The little crit« ler had stopped cryin', an' looked up in myj face an* laughed. An*, boy?, Annie's eyes rare looMn' up at me out of the young *on's. And, wait—I took up the babby an' wrapped it in the shawl Annie had worn, au' was stained • with her blood. Then, with the child in my arms, I went to the bed an' pointed the weapon at Ids head, sayin': ' Say, you Southernwood, for this little un's sake, I'll her mercy on you, an' kill you first, 'fore I fire the shanty. If you know a prayer, say it, for when I've counted sixty I shoot.' "He looked a bit relieved, I thought, hut whether he prayed I don't know. I began countin* slow, an* held the shooter pointed at his head all the time. I bad nigh finished, an' fixed my eyes on him, when—swish S crash 1 An awful dcafenin' roar, an' I stood with the sight gone from my eyes, and the revolver struck out of my hand The Almighty had taken. the vengeance an' punishment, of Joseph South* crnwood on Himself in an awful way, for when I opened the eyes I reckoned were blinded for ever I saw my enemy a black* • ened corpse before me, an* tbe hull place afire, while I stood there with the young *un in my arms without a bit of barm. " I don't rightly remember how 'I got out and down the MU—but ali the folks at the station were good to me an* the babby. They didn*t ever know that I was near bein' a murderer. I never told a critter till now what you hev got out of me, boys—an* I feel kind of* easier, I do think. "Little Annie*s grown up now. Yon saw her mother*s pictcr, you*ve seen her; she's so like. I never tasted spirits since that night—the very smell of the stuff brings that time back. "Sow, boys, you hev mv story, an' since God didn't let. me'do'that- deed, I think He means me to keep my word to Annie an* meet her there. Anyway, I'll try." 