The P1usts 3Ma. "Shell lepp the divil, yer honor, and why wouldn't she? Sure, wasn't she the priest's mare r The scene was the fair of Ballymac slattery, the speaker was an Irish groom, whose clothes and features were consider ably the worse of wear and .the weather, while the addressed were Charlie Dandon of the 25th Lancers, and myself. The animal'of which thedescription was given was sixteen hands high, and composed principally of bones and uneonscious humour. A broken knee and windgalls vailed the monotony of her outline, while a general absence of flesh and an evident ignorance of oats appeared to be her lead ing characteiristics: " Where's the priest td--whom-it he longed 1" asked Charlie, whbo was buying. " Where'can I see him ?" " At the back of ould church of Kil knock," said the groom, "about 4 miles from here, and whin ye get there itself you won't see him, for sure didn't we bury him in its fortnight ago. God rest his soul," said the groom, wiping a tear from his lefteye on top of a dirtyknuckle, and if it wasn't for that the ould mare and I wouldn't be parting as long as we could both hould out, as his honor could tell I was able gladly to bear witness to Timn Finnerty's truthfulness sofar. "She may be all right here," said Charlie, "but whatlI want her for is regimental races, and she might win a race in a museum, but nowhere else " "Race, is it," said Tim, and then a de scription of- the sare's prowess began. "She'd go to a wake or a weddingin the morning, and she'd beat the parish at the races in the afternoon. If she did strike a wall itself, the iron she'd lay on it was as lightas a whispe:." I suggested that we had better go from talk to performance, and so we started off to give her a short trial across country, Tim riding, and Charlie and I looking on from the side of a j aunting car. In less time than it takes to write it, the news had gone round the fair that the English captain was buying the priest's mare, and that she was to be given a trial. Business in the fair was immediately unanimously susponded, the cows, pigs, sheep, and goats, were left more or less to sell themselves, and the universal wish of all that Tim might succeed found expres sion in the general desire that he might receive eternal condemnation if he failed. " May the detvil put horns on yer gran' mother's ghost," shouted Terence Brien, "if -ye don't dhrive her over the walls like a baloon." "If she falls may she break yet deck," said another. "Ive a wish for. the thoy,'. he explained to us "sure isn't hb my sister's son " And immediately afterwards, haviugpreviously announced that Tim was not born in wed lock in luudancl unmistakable terms, pro. ceeded to state that a blackthorn was waiting to break his head if he made any mistake whatever. "May the divil break yer neck, Tim," shouts his mother, " if meself isn't proud of ye there." And with these - and other similar words of encouragement Tim mounted the priest's mare, an.d we proceeded to a place outside the city known as the deer park, which, of course, contained no deer, but which had been a small racecourse in days gone by, and so was an excellent place to test the boasted racing powers of the gee. The spectators, who originally were to be only Charlie and myself, soon nam bered hundreds. Everybody got on every one else's car, and whbn the cars were covered with passengers, every horse and donkey in the place was pressed into the service to follow Tim to the field. I cannot say we were deeply impressed with the mare's start.' She began as stiff as a crotch, her action was stilted and awkward, and abhe seemed as slow as a man. "Never you mind that," said Tim.k uncle. "It's that d- fool of a nephew of mine that hasn't fairly informed her that it isn't to a funeral she's going. Wait a minute. Whin she finds out it isn't his. Riverene . it's then you'll see her go. Besides, Tim isn't-fairly himself yet-he hasn't altogether Igot over the wake, yet honors--o-don't be-?hard on the boy. There-that's more thr-stylea-two mon. clouts like that .Ti,:nd she'll bp. the chapel." It was true enough. "The Colliagh" -that was the animal's name-finditg. that business was meant, appeared imme diately to enter into the fan of the thing. She warmed to her work, her stride seem ed to lengthen, -her innate humor was thoroughly aroused by the reminder of Tim's asbplant, and she went for the frst wall like a racehone and cleased it like a bird. Charlie turned to me and said simply, "She's the one rm looking for." Just at that moment a shout went up from the crowd. - -0 landing after the next fence the mare had pecked badly, and the shout went up "she's down." Tim never left the saddle, and, steadying her, got her together. Clearing a hardle close to our car, he pulled up for our opinion of his work. - Charlie turned to me and whisperd, "If I bay the hone I must buy the man, too, ad thenthe bargaining begn. Nerv had a deal of the kind had a moss esiled adimenc. Tim beklp byasking LIEL B.,rney.·Br the butcher ,"Ie shouldn't baye her with my consint." "Nor with mine," added Charlie. "Make or offer, Captain," a the sho" t '_ D f't ra id." " Th adjoal, Chalie bid £80 whereb - \--aon the multitude was convulsed at the meannss of th?iamon's dae. " re half a mind to boye b? pealf," 'sys the butabi6ir. "Do," shouotrs.Billy MdcGrath. "'You sold uas worse beef before now." "It' so pis you're buying,"shoute Sanother from the bek of the crowd. "The manwho shows manemess tthe eler," amys Tim, oracularly," wom't be the better of it, bodyor soul." - And so the lhtgo. Tio .Tmslumda " isprings t," till at l?t the reinms upon the msue his late Bleveesnee's soli toe, and h when shown the state of the esae, quickly fenihes the hasines-thae mar be?oese Chbrlie'k epeCty for i£Pg, ot of whiah he id to Cet10 b~akts ad saddle and bridl. thrown in, sanhlem then free to approach Tim on the subject of gont..... So ht oves teame sold, the crowd had gmne back to theirbargaisnin the town, and Ballmacslattery rang with bshout of sale and barter. Mrs.Flanni ran, the crockery merchant of the mar et sand fairs haidSleaed. thwecsuwdr t :ths..ef11,ii"f W h ildbbing deal; `tendmaarwed do .indýuath.alptaia to purchase a "memento" of the day, which' he blushingly declined, bu:' eat her back to the town on our car. Whilst we were walking along disoun amn the incidenta of the contest we over took Tim leading, as he thought for the last time, the old mare lihe had watched and tended so long. "Tim," I began, "what are you going to do withyourself ? Wiht will beyour next place ". " Well, I don't fairly knowyer honor," he replied; "you see, it was bad enough losing his Riverence, yer honor; but when I'm parting from this ould mare well, it laves that I don't care for much. Sure I knew her since shewas a bit of a foal, yer honor, and cared for and watch. ed her through all the hardship she got. Indade, I may as well tell the truth to ye that the most of the oats she got was hay; and afther many a rough, could night we had together, it seems to be hard laying her like this, aptain," said the poor fel low, wiping a tear away with his hand. "Go say with her, the crature. She has heart and nature, .and if you thrati.her fair, every step she goes she'll answer ye back." "But why leave her?" said Charlie. "Yon want a place. Come with me. You'll watch over the mare; you know her and shall ride her, and I'llwin with her. I saw that the very first fence she took. "Do you mane to take me wid her?" shouted Tim. "Do you mane me to look afther her?" Charlie assented. "Then glory be to this day and the blue sky over it," and Charlie's hand was seized by the poor fellow, who kissed it, and then rising,.threw his hat intoan ad joining field. "What use is it to me after this?" he cried. And so Captain Chawles Dondon bought the priest's mare, and hired her care taker. The 25th lancers were quartered in those days at Bounslow, and it was fully five years before I met Charlie, Tim, and the priest's mare again. To be concluded nert wee. 