i GHOST STORY. It WOB in the warm glow of a spring afternoon in the present year when the vergers and policemen lazily yawning about the quadrangles of the grave old Palace at Hampton Court, and waiting for the stroke of the six bells to sound their release for the day were aroused into a sudden and unprecedented wakefulness by a sharp and startled cry echoing from the great State rooms above. In the next moment a white-faced gentleman with tumbled hair and frightened eyes came stumbling down the broad stone steps of the staircase built by William III. as an entrance to the Wolsey banqueting hall. "It's of no uso," he gasped, as ho reached the last stair and stood at the entrance to the courtyard; ''I cant stand it another moment. Everywhere I move among the tapestry in the banqueting hall I see a hand-a little, light, slender, with rings on each taper- ing finger-clutching at the drapery, "I am not imaginative. My nerves are like steel, my brain as clear and hard as at any moment of my life ; and yet, as I moved about the tapestry in , the banqueting ball just now I'll swear I saw the hand of a woman moving Blyly about among the draperies- quickly, eagerly, stealthily, as if seeking for something that was hidden. " At first I thought that my Bight or my senses or the blur of colouring had deceived me and I crossed to the oppo- site Bide of the hall. And there again was the hand with no arm to it moving busily among the draperies again. I don't know what it all means, but 1 do know that I'll go in there no more to- day." The speaker was a Mr. Hain, an artist, who had been engaged for a week or so in studying the superb specimens of Plemish tapestry covering almost every inch of the walls of the banquet- ing hall, and enduring through the centuries from the days of Wolsey until to-day. This was the story he told to the little group around him-a Btory impossible of verification directly from his own lips, for Mr. Hain having fired the mine went back no more to Hamp- ton Court, and has furthermore left Surbiton where he was staying tempor- arily until the end of his term of study, leaving no trace behind. But the ancient grand dames, relicts of an age that is gone, droning away the last of their dim old days in tb« shades of the ancient courtyards or the warmth of the sun as it falls upon the ancient dial beneath the Clock Tower, looked troubled and saddened as they hear the story running from lip to lip of the frightened. servants until it reaches their ears. For to them the Btory of the spectral hand is filled with grim and shadowy significance, and they ask themselves of the mysteries that divide this world from the world beyond the grave. . Back over the generations of men memory travels to a certain summer day 350 years ago, and a little jewelled hand beating wildly at the tapestry in search of the secret panel that should i lead her to the presence of the king I with the swinish eyes, whose displeasure meant inevitable death to man or woman. Pate was kind to Catherine Howard -vain, frivolous, and guilty-when it led her trembling fingers to the panel hidden in an angle of the hall, and almost lost under the tapestry. Pate was not kind to her when it led the guards from whence she bad escaped along every step of the way that she had taken through the little gallery that lay between the hall and the Chapel Eoyal, right to the door of the pew wherein the king sat at his devotions God save the mark- and there they caught her ; once she broke away from them, and again they caught ber shrieking, biting, clawing their faces with ber nails with the fury of a wild cat fighting like a tigress for the right to fall at the feet of the bloated mass of flesh in the royal chair and plead for her life. And they dragged her, amid her screams, back through the gallery and the hall np to the angular stone closet near the turret, there to remain until she was led away to Tower Green to die. History tells that the king never moved-never even turned his head but with these awful shrieks ringing in his ears continued to pray. And through the centuries that saw generations come and generations fall the BÜm, slight, wispy little figure of the frail daughter of the Arundels, with the limpid blue eyes and loose, full lips, has hovered over the spot which Baw the discovery of her adultery, and her laBt desperate fight with Death. Sometimes she may be seen pacing with head bent alongtbe terrace in front of the window, at which she waited for so many weary months until the black barge came to take her up the river to the Tower. And again in the fading light she is seen dodging, flittering, creeping, like a hunted hare through the little gallery until she reaches the door of the Boyal pew, when she vanishes, and then a cry like none that has ever come from human lips echoes again and again through the silence, and then 'all is silent. The legend of her presence has been handed down from age to age, from father to son, and mother to daughter. Those whose bones have long mouldered into the dust of the grave bore testimony to her presence in their death-bed. Those who live in these times in the shades of the historic house tell of the appearancein whispers, for the scepticism, scoff of the unbeliever, frightens them into silence. It is sometimes told how grim, solid, matter-of-fact old William of Orange strolling in meditative mood through the little hall-known in these times as the Haunted Gallery-one summer's night met her as with hands out- stretched she came into the moonlight ; put out his hand to grasp her and found -nothing. And to the hour of his death the best and wisest of kings maintained a close reserve on the Bubject. The blood of Catherine Howard, the tears of the woman of Aragon, were to fall upon the head of these who came after. And the story of retribution will be told later. 