The Last Cartridge. A SOUTH AFRICAN CHRISTMAS STORY. (BY HEADON HILL.) [COPYRIGHT.] On the morning of the Christmas Eve of 1899, Sergeant Fred Melville, of Thornton's Horse, clattered into the Gordons' homestead and stood in the' kitchen doorway, the picture of a Colonial soldier who had done his little bit of fighting «nd wanted more. But for once in a way his hand some devil-may- care face was clouded. "I bring rough news for you good people," he said abruptly. "Our troop has got orders to clear out of the district and fall back on Sterkstroom. The P-neral has decided to advance on another line." The family, seated at the breakfast-table, re ceived the information with blank dismay, though for varying reasons. Farmer Robert Gordon, who had been wringing a livelihood from his farm since he settled in Northern Cape Colony, twenty years before, found himself face to face with immediate ruin by the withdrawal of the gallant.horsemen who for six weeks had kept the rebels in check. As the only loyal.'st in a centre of disaffection, he knew well what he had to expect at the hands of his Dutch neighbors the moment they dared to rise openly, as they most assuredly,would when the troopers were gone. Confiscation of:his flocks and herds, the burning of his house, insult for his women folk, and pos sibly death-for himself entered into his prospects through this military exigency. ' Mrs. Gordon'winced under the sergeant's state ment for the same reasons, and for one other not known to her husband. She glanced, with a mother's glance, at her pretty/daughter, who was blushing at her plate-at anything but the six feet of sterling manhood in the doorway. The farmer's wife dreaded what Piet Gassen might do When .the soldiers had departed-Piet Gassen, the ringleader of all the rebels in the district, and her daughter's thrice rejected admirer. They would be at the mercy of that cruel, lawless spirit, and that, in . those troublous times, was enough to inspire a nameless fear. As for Mary Gordon herself, thos? tc ll-tala blushes truly Indicated the reasons for her regret. Vory pleasant, even amid war's alerm?, had b ea the weeks of Fred,Melville's encampment in tha dell down by the spruit-weeks that might, have been years if they 'had been judged! by the close comradeship, that 'had.sprung up b.tween the young people. Though no words of love had yet been spoken by the dashing young ssrgeant, Mary Gordon's maiden heart told her that they might bo 'expected at any moment-"hoped for," as s e shyly whispered to herself. ; : , "That's a nice sort of greeting to bring us for Christmas, Sergeant Melville," said the farmer. "I don't hear malice, though, seeing as it is none of your doing. Sit you down, lad, and have som© breakfast." "Thanks, but I'm sorry I can't, Mr. Gordon," said Melville. "We saddle up in half-an-hour. I only looked in to say good-bye, and to thank y u for your kindness while we've been camped her?. Believe me, sir, I don't like this move, knowing what it must mean to you." "It means ruin, I guess, at the bret, andi a b:l let into me while the homestead burns, at the worst-unless I clear out and gj jroutb," replied Gordon. "But I shan't do that," he added, quick ly. "I have no stomach for playing the destitule refugee." Fred Melville made a wry fae?, hinting that he would not have cared to play that part himself. "Well, there'll be trouble when we'ie gone; you might send Mrs. and Miss Gordon away," he sug gested. "I shouldn't dream of leaving my husband," said Mrs. Gordon. "And I shouldn't dream of leaving my father and mother," said Mary. "You hear that," laughed the farmer. ','It wouldn't be any good my opposing them when they talk like that. We must hold the fort to-, gether the best way we can." "Then I1'must wish you good luck and get hack to the troop," replied. Fred, and advanc'ng into the room, he shook Jiands with.the three in- turn, and withdrew. :. To Mary Gordon lt seemed that the light of her life had suddenly gone out in this unlooked-for parting which had taken the place of the stroll on the moonlit veldt planned for that evening. Mrs. Gordon rose somewhat hurr.'ed"y and left the kitchen. Her husband arid daugh ter thought that she was eager as usual to go about her daily occupations,- but instead she ran after Swgeant Melv.'lle and caught him up es be was crossing the orchard.. "Young mun," she säid, laying her hand on his arm, "if I can read love signs aright, there's something between you and our girl." The sergeant scanned the anxious, elderly face narrowly, and saw there no traces of opposition; on the contrary, iMrs. Gordon's faded eyes had a beseeching expression that was altogether friend ly. 'He had been feeling downcast at having to part with Mary like that, in the presence of her parents, and without so muoh as a tender word, but he 'brightened up and answered 'frankly: "CNothing has been said on either side. I didn't think it fair, with the risks in front of me in thia war. But I think, and God knows I hope, that it is as you hint, IMrs. Gordon." "You can make your mind easy, then, if there's anything in a mother's watchfulness," replied the farmer's wife! "But I didn't come puffing and. blowing a'fter you to give sweethearting lessons, nor yet to set traps to catch a son-in-law. It's enough for me that you care for the maid. Do you know Piet Gassen?" "1 -know him for the biggest cur, coward, black guard and bu'lly between Capetown and the Freo State," said Fred (Melville with a snap of his square- cut jaw. '"He has been posing as that doubtful 'bird, a loyal 'Dutchman, since we have been scouring the countryside, but we are all aware that he is a spy,' hand and glove with the enemy. Next to leaving /Mary, my greatest sor row ia that we have got to quit without hanging: Mr. Piet Gassen, But you don't mean-?" 'I do," -Mrs. Gordon interrupted. "He has had his eye on her for two years- soft sawder at first: and lately, when she wouldn't look at him, and 'hw father kicked him off the farm, nasty sneer ing glances, as much as to say, 'My time will come.' pu yvager Wy best turkey he'll think his time has come when you lads In khaki have shown us your backs," Fred looked as black as thunder, and then astonished Mrs. Gordon by. suddenly saying: '.Your best turkey, eh? You'd really-wager that on Gassen making trouble? That reminds me that you were to have delivered a dozen turkeys to night for the troop's Christmas dinner to-mor row. Of course, they won't be wanted now. Well, 1 must be going now, Mrs. Gordon. I am only a sergeant, you know, or you onay be sure I shouldn't have left you 'in the lurch. It's'the General's orders for us to rejoin him, and he don't think that even our captain has any discretion in the matter. Certainly O haven't." (He turned on his heel and strode away towards . the camp, where the trumpeter was sounding the "assembly." Mrs. Gordon, who-had begun to eye him angrily for his thoughts of a Christmas din ner at such a time, stood looking after, him for fully a minute, her brows puckered in a puzzled flown. Then she turned and went slowly back to the house. ' "What did that sly winfo 'mean as he walked oft", after that silly prattle about the turkeys?" murmured 'bhe good woman fro herself. "Blest if I don't think he's got something up his sleeve that is to help us. Anyway, he is a proper sort of man, and he knows my trouble, and--yes, I will pin my 'faith to him for all. I'm worth. Tur keys! Christmas turkeys! What in 'Heaven's name cam be moving in the boy's 'brain?" When she reached the house she found that Gordon had gone to the cattle kraal, and tha: Mary had disappeared to catph -a distant glimpse of the departure of Thornton's Horse from their camp by the spruit. lt was not till (Mrs. Gor don had put in a couple af 'hours' honest house work that she had the chance of a word with her husband. He came into the parlor where she was dusting the ornaments, gloomy and full-of fore bodings.' '"Those rascally 'Dutch ain't going to let tho grass grow under their feet," he said, flinging 'himself into a chair. "The soldiers haven't been gone an hour, yet our rebel neighbors are all astir already. Wolvermans and Steenkamp, who haven't dared show their noses outdoors for the last month, went up along towards Gassen's farm a while back. They mean giving us a warm Christmas, I reckon." "You won't take it lying -down, if I know you right, Robert," replied iMrs. Gordon, who had de cided to raise no hopes that might be false by rela ting what'had passed between her and Fred 'Mel ville. "No, if they show up rough I shall try and stand 'em off as long as possible," said the fanner. "I could account for a good few of the cowardly brutes, and perhaps keep 'em at bay altogether, if I wasn't short of ammunition. The box that I expected from East London must have got-stolen oj! the road, and I have only got thirteen cart ridges in the house." Mrs. Gordon, who was nothing if not supersti tious, gave a gasp of dismay. So agita ted was she that she did not see a dark shadow that fell through the open window on the wall of the room, hovered for an instant, and passed on. "Thirteen cartridges!" she almost screamed. "There's :io luck with such a number. Better two or none at all. We shall come to grief over this, Ro bert." Gordon laughed grimly. "It doesn't follow that the bad luck will be ours; it may be on the other side. Anyway, I shan't knock under till I have used every one of them on the Dutchies if they molest me," was his reply.* Again the dark shadow fell upon the wall, and this time stayed there, causing husband and wife to look hurriedly for its cause. There, framed in the window, grinned at them the swarthy, sinister face of Piet Gassen, rebel far mer and spy. "Morning, neighbor Gordon. Feeling lonesome with the soldiers gone?" he began in a tone that was in itself an insult. "I have come in a friendly way to give you just one leetle warn ing." "I don't want any warning from you, -Piet Gassen, and the sooner you clear off my ground the better for the Queen's peace," said Gordon with a significant glance at his rifle in the corner. But Gassen made no movement to depart. "The Queen's peace," he sneered. "That is the very thing that made me pay you this friendly call. Now that the troopers have all run away, " the Queen's peace in this district, if so you please to call it, depends upon me, and in one way upon you, Mr. Gordon. If you and me come to agreement, the Queeoi's peace will be of the kind most exemplary. If not-well, much good may the Queen and her peace do to you." "I understand your threat," said Gordon, folding his arms and looking the scoundrel in the face. Piet Gassen had a large and fleshy nose, and alongside this organ he laid a very dirty fore finger in a manner intended to be humorous. "It is no threat that I make," he replied; "it is - warning-warning that the poor simple Dutch psople of these parts love me so much that if they see me bad-treated by Inglishman they will burn the house of that Inglishman and take his flocks and his crops. May happen, too, himself and his family get hurt." "I haven't ill-treated you yet, my friend, but I jolly soon shall if you don't clear out of this in a brace of shakes,"' cried Gordon in a rage.. "It is bad treatment if you do not givè me your daughter, the pretty Màree-at least so'we shalt consider," Gassen was beginning, but he had al ready gone too far, and Gordon sprang for his rifle. The Dutchman fled, not, however, with out flinging over his shoulder the menace "Then I shall come back and take her." Gordon rushed to the window, and would have shot him there and then if he had not vanished round the corner of the house. The angry far mer was preparir-g to follow by the door when a diversion was caused by the entrance of Mary j* and his chief anxiety for the moment being thus set at rest he laid his rifle on the table. "Shall we tell her, mother?" he said, wiping his dark brow. - "Yes; she is a woman grown, and must know," said Mrs. Gordon, who throughout Gassen's visi tation had remained singularly quiet. And In a few words she Informed her daughter of the Dutchman's call and of the cause of lt, naming as gently as she could the terms on which he had practically offered to spare the farm from rapine, and the threat he had made when his terms had been . refused. The girl, fresh from watching Uia lance-pennor« of her undeclared lover's troop flutter away to toe horizon of the veldt, paled a little. But she was staunch enough. "Well, we're not afraid of any low-down Dutchman-with father so handy with his gua," she said, trying to make a brave show, but sigh ing for the clink of Fred's spurs. "When will they come, Robert?" asked Mrs. Gordon, thoughtfully, when Mary had gone to her room. "Not before nightfall-the curs," her husband . replied. "They know I can shoot a bit, and they won't allow me too much daylight. I won der'if Gassen heard me say I was short of am munition. - If he did it will make a lot of differ ence to their behavior. They'd be bolder still if they knew 1 had only twelve cartridges at their disposal." "Twelve!" exclaimed Mrs. Gordon, quickly. "What did you mention thirteen for, then?" "I had got thirteen, but, Anna, you must buck up old, girl, and agree with me 'twill be best the last one is for Mary. It will be kinder to yhoot her nice and clean, rather than leave her at "that devil's mercy when they break in." \ Mrs. Gordon looked at her husband's stern, set face, and knew that nothing would move him ""from his resolution, so she merely nodded and held her peace. In the contingency which he dreaded shë was not sure that he would not be right, but that the contingency would arise she' was not by any means persuaded. Two straws she had to clutch at. one being Sergeant Fred Melville's confident wink, and the other a remedy for ill luck which she would apply if necessary, but which so far she kept to herself. The farmer lost no time in preparing for the expectedsiege by boarding up the windows and strengthening the outer doors, his wife . and daughter taking it by turns to keep a look-out from the flat roof. Having made all as secure as he could, he paid a flying visit to the cattle kraal and told his Kaffirs that the Dutchmen were coming, but that he meant to shoot them if they attempted to steal his stock. He advised the "boys" to keep out of the way during the attack, since they could not render him any assistance; on the other hand, if he saw them helping the enemy he promised to repay their treachery with a bullet. Thence onward, in the suspense of waiting, the hours dragged wearily. Robert Gordon spent most of his time on the roof, watching for signs of trouble. He saw many that added to his load of care, though none as yet that called for ác tiori. The waggon-track to Gassen's farm ran parallel with * the house at the distance of half a mile, and along it at frequent intervals Gor don saw many horsemen riding, some alone, but more often in'twos and threes. That they were the wolves gathering for their raid he had no doubt, and lie cursed the war and its consequen ces-especially the thief that had lifted his box of cartridges. In the house below mother and daughter busied themselves with trifles, bravely striving to cheer each, other with jests at Dutch cowardice and at. the holes that "father" would drill in them if they dared an attack.- .But their laughter rang hollow, with the grim spectre of overwhelming numbers threatening them, and Mrs. Gordon had the added fear of the unlucky number thirteen upon her superstitious mind. For all their spuri ous calm Mrs. Gordon spoilt the Christmas pud ding in the boiling, while Mary was fain to con fess that the hat she was trimming must be ad ded to her list of failures. So the long day passed without an alarm, but when the sun had sunk behind the distant Storm berg the women heard their one defender drop through the trapdoor from the roof, bolting.it after him. By that same token they knew that what they dreaded was about to happen, and so it proved. ; The farmer came into the sitting room and announced that two score men were riding fast towards the house from the north east-the direction of Gassen's farm. "I'll fight them from here because of the two windows," he said. "The side one commands the cattle kraal, and the other gives me a sweep of the front of the house. One of you will have to stand in the kitchen at the back and let me know what goes on on that side." "I'll watch the back; Mary can stay with you," replied the elder woman, watching her husband narrowly as he took a handful of cartridges from the bureau, counted them, and strewed them on the table. There were twelve of- them, for one was in his loaded rifle. .The window being blacked up "there was a lamp burning, but Mrs. Gordon suggested that it should be extinguished lest the light should show the loophole to the enemy. Her husband, who had already stationed himself at the window, assented, and she performed the ac tion herself. As she was leaving the room she turned back to say: "It would save you fumbling for those cartridges in the dark if Mary was to hand them to you, father, eh?" "A good notirn," replied Gordon. "Mary, my dear, stand by to do as your mother says, but keep out of a line from the window. This barricade isn't slvt- proof." Casting one lingering glance at her daughter's graceful figure, dimly visible in the twilight that , filtered through the loophole, the mother turned away to go and act as sentry in the kitchen. There also the window was blocked with an improvised barrier of wood and pillow cases stuffed with earth, but hastily removing some of the latter, she opened the window and threw something out. Then, with a sigh of relief, she replaced the de \- fences and set her eye to the loophole. Out at the back no foes were yet to be seen, and she listened-listened till the drums of her ears were -nigh- bursting-for sounds from the sitting-room. The tension was broken at last by the resound ing crack of her husband's rifle. "Ah! then they're after the cattle first," she muttered. "Robert said he shouldn't fire till they had com mitted an unlawful-are you all right in there?" she shouted, as half a dozen distant shots were followed by the crash of glass in the parlor: "All serene; I've downed one of them. They are by the kraal," came her husband's answering voice. "One bullet has got home on to the mirror, though." Crack! And then again crack, crack, crack, crack, went Gordon's rifle in quick succession. "There's six cartridges gone, and, thank God, he isn't asking Mary how many are left," Mrs. Gordon murmured. "If only he'll do the count ing himself to the end!" All the time a hail of bullets" was striking the front and side of the house, but so far no more penetrated to the interior. . Gordon got in three more shots, and then his wife called to him: "There'B a dozen of them coming towards the back;" The farmer ran into the kitchen, took a careful sight at the advancing Dutchmen, fired, and brought his man down. The rest retreated. Gordon stopped a moment before returning to the main point of attack. "We're done, old wife, I fear," he said, smoothing her iron-grey hair. "When I have fired two more shots, you'd better come into the front room and take a last look at our poor girl. God send me nerve to do it, but it's the only way to save her from outrage." He did not wait for a reply, but left his wife looking after him with a wistful expression, in which the trace of a wan smile lurked. "Aye, Rob, I'll come," she said, softly under her breath, "but the dear God send that the faith in me is" not misr placed. Only two more shots, and not a sign of help. They'll rush us as soon as they find that the ammunition is out, and then-and then per haps I shall < wish I had let things be. My gentle Mary!" . . , . . Crack! went the rifle in the sitting-room,'fol lowed, as usual by the spatter of bullets on the walls as the Dutchmen fired at the flash. , A pause, and then once more Gordon's rifle rang out in a final shot at the despoilers of his home. Mrs. Gordon went to the. sitting-room. Amid .the powdèr-reek she could just make out her husband turning to Mary, who stood by the table. . "Give me the last cartridge," he was saying, in a voice that trembled for the first time that night. ; .. "The last cartridge, father!" the girl exclaimed. "Why, you have fired it! I handed it to you be fore that shot." "But I have counted, and I have only fired twelve," said Gordon. "One must have dropped on the floor. . Hunt, both of you. I must find it before they discover that I have run out." And he went on his knees, groping, Mary joining him. But Mrs. Gordon remained standing by the door. So passed two dreadful minutes, during which the voices of the rebels sounded nearer and ever near er. The lull" in the firing from the house had made them bold. "It must have rolled under the bureau," panted Gordon, in frantic haste to save his daughter by the only means open to him-the missing cart ridge. "Anna, don't stand there idle. Light a match, and hold it under the bureau. They will be here directly." But Mrs. Gordon made no movement and no reply. She was listening, listening with bated breath, to a dull rhythmical sound that mingled with the shouts of the advancing Dutchmen-far away at first, but increasing with every precious moment into the thunder of iron-shod hoofs. And then the triumphant shouts of the assailants changed into a scream of terror, and. Robert Gor don and Mary heard the sound too. It came on inexorably, two scattered shots were fired, and the Dutch scream took shape in words: "The rooineks with the knife-poles are upon us! Fly, brothers, fly!" Mrs. Gordon rushed to the loophole, and peered across the moonlit veldt. "The troopers have- come back; they are amongst them with their lances," she cried, and broke into hysterical laughter. * * * * The troopers came crowding round the house with their prisoners, while farther afield a dozen black heaps, limp and motionless, lay on the veldt, stáring -from glassy eyes at the great full moon'. Gordon unbarred to his rescuers, and Sergeant Fred. Melville walked in. "The captáin sent us back for the turkeys," he said, winking at the pale ghost of a farmer's wife. "We had gone thirty miles before he discovered we'd coime away without our Christmas dinner, and the boys were grumbling a bit. Careless of me mot to have reminded him sooner-but, thank God, I'm an absent-minded beggar, as it turns out." "iHave you got Gassen?" asked Gordon anxiously. "Yes, he's outside, roped up, and ready for his little journey to the hangman," was the reply. "Our commanding officer is a glutton for turkeys, but he's a bigger glutton for rebels, and-Mr. Biet can say his prayers." ' ' iSo with muoh laughter and some tears they went to fetch the soldiers' hard- earned Ohristmas dinner Ifrom their roosts, and during the proceed ings Fred, contriyed-to say the word which was to malke him and his 'Mary the happiest couple in the colony when brighter days dawned. *1But "What licks me is where that last cart ridge got to," said Robert Gordon, when the troo pers had ridden off with their prisoners and their dinners'for the morrow. . And he fell to searching under the bureau once more. "There's no call for you ito do that," said Mrs. 'Gordon, sharply. "I threw the thing put of the window. 1 wasn't going to have any unlucky thirteens .about the house at such times, and'it appears I was right." (The End.) ; 