THE BLUE DIAMOND. \- By L. T. MEADE, Author of ''The Siren," "The Wooing ol Monica," "The I'eiio-.r Draavimr- roorn,'* "Dr. Rumsey's Patient," "The .Voice of the Charmer," "Stories from the Diary of a Doctor," &c.;, &c.; ; . [Published by special arrangement with th# author. All rights reserved.] CHAPTER VII.—(Continued;)' '"Poor old governor," he said again softly, "I am more .Sorrry than I can say.„::L>o you think, Lil, that 1—1 in any way hava been responsible -for this attack?"' • "Let your own -conscience speak to you, Hugh. I do not know, tout I fear/it.'jY' "God knows I am a toad lot/:h'e_ said. He walked across the room, looked out into the moonlit street, and . then returned to his sister. ■He is better, and that as something. You have 'been talking to imater about me, of course. Can -.she get me .out of my pre* sent 'beastly moss? Of course I can under stand the governor is not to be troubled. It rests nvicb the mater,'whether she can raise the five hundred, or it rests with you to speak to Teanple on the subject." "ies, yes, 1 understand/and perhaps something can be done," said Lil; '"but for ' the moment I must speak of myself. (I ana quite bewildered; i have had a fear ltd loss, and it affects my nerves. Last night Beatrix showed me her jewels. Amongst others was one of which I ought not to speak, and yet 1 must tell you. Lfc ' was a great " ' Diamond, was it?" said "Hubert sud-' denly. His wbole face altered; he became, keen, alert, watchful. He sat down near Lil and-looked her full in the face. "Go on," he said, "go -on." "It was a diamond," she repeated: "a very valuable diamond.- It was called——" "Xot the Blue Diamond? Don't tell me it was called the Blue Diamond," inter rupted Hubert. "Yes, Hugh, • yes. Why, do you know; about it? Can yon -tell me anything?" "I am not sure—it is just possible. What Providence sent you here to-night? Was it Providence-or-the devil? Go on,' speak, I am all attention." "Beatrix is completely under the power of a Russian-woman called hiadine," con tinued Lil; "she has never told her hus band that she possesses this diamond; but she showed it to me. She said she was under no promise not to -tell -me about it, and it would comfort her to know that I had seen it." " "How much money would it fetch, Lil? Five hundred pounds?" "It seemed to be almost priceless," re plied Lil, "as far as I can tell—a very' large stone with a 'blue light. It has a history," V "Of course it is celebrated; I told you I 'had heard of it -before. Well, go on." • "We were both looking at this treasure: when we heard Jack's step on the stairs, and- Beatrix lost her nerve and thrust the precious thing into my hands and asked me to keep'it for .the night, I was terribly afraid to keep it, but there was no help for it, for Bee was on the verge of hysterics. I took the -thing to my room and looked at • it,, for it fascinated me; it ..was most, dazzling and'lovely, but it had1 an' evil look - in it. I felt .that it.might hurt me. I meant to take it back- td Beatrix the next morning, when Jack saw me and said-that father was ill and it was arranged that I should start toy a very early' train, in. order , , to get to Htumfprd as soon-as.-possible.;- I -i could not take the diamond hack to Bee, so • . I hid it. I hid it in -an old box on. the top of. the wardrobe; I,Hwughh.no one'would' r find it." • ' ' " " ' . "ies, go on." ■ ■ 'Wihy, Hugh, you have quite a queer look on your-face." - "I tell you I have got just the ghost of a . clue; 'there may"toe, nothing in it, but go on, Lil. You hid it and you went down to see .the governor."-'.-;1...„' ' - "I bid it," replied Lil "and-I went to the y country. The first thing I heard' oh my return was .that iNadine had. come back -un expectedly. About an hour ago she came to my room and said that her mistress hud sent her to ask me to give her hack the diamond.' I would not show her my poor little 'hiding-place, I promised to bring i£« in a moment or two. She left ifflie room. I took .the band'box from. the_ top of the wardrobe, Hugh, and opened it. The trear sure was gone!" , "I guessed tJjat/' replied Hubert. "I don't know who lias taken it; I only know that it has quite gone. Hugh; what is to become Of me?" • "They cannot .suspect you of having stolen-it,"-said'Hubert. '. "I hope not; they would not dare to. But I am. terribly troubled. I don't know what I shall do. I am so terrified' 01 that woman." • ;". - .. "But no one could suppose thai; you would steal it. But describe it. to me> Lil. What was it-like?"-. ' •-"I don't know whether I ought' to tell yon, but I suppose I must." "I cannot help you if you don't. This i3 a case for the keenest detectives in Lou don. You -must tell -me all you can, Lil." Lil began to describe -the Blue Diamond. Hubert listened attentively. After a time he took a pencil -from his pocket, and drawing a sheet of- note-paper -towards him made a skdtch of the diamond as Lil de- . scribed it. She remembered it -well and could speak -of it-with a certain amount oj, accuracy. "And it weighed 'how much?" he asked. . . "I don't know," replied Lil. "Fro-m your account of the size it must weigh considerably over one hundred carats. A stone of that magnitude would fetdh any price. This-is exciting, Lil; and as I said I. think I havq, got the ghost of a' clue. You must go home quietly now and, say .ndfching. If. I am-.right in -any iconjec- -; tares you Shall.hear from me;ftn the-morn-; "I cannot imagine what you know, the mystery thickens." " , ' . . a "Nor can I tdll you, my dear. You won't" forget to do something for me, will you, ■ Lil? Y-ou won't forget 'how imminent and terrible my peril is." "If I do anything it pill toe for mother a and father's sake," replied the .girl. "Oh, I am bewildered. This last blow seems too much." "And yet the reprobate brother may, get1 you out of your scrape," said the young . man. "I -will" go dc^-nrtairs with, you and ' put you into .a. hansom.": . .. .i-; As Hubert spoke-he : opened the door - and he and Lil left the 'room. : He" hailed ' a hansom, pnt her in, and she drove back to the Temples' 'house.' The first person, she met on the staire was Hadine. "So .you have'been out, miss,"- said the / woman, giving her a keen glance. "You have -not ydfc given me that which I seek." "After dinner," said Lil, "after- dinner; I have only jnst time to dress now. How : is your mistress?" - "Very ill." ; "Can I see her this evening?".1 - - , "Certainly not." , , "She is not coming down---to v-i®nner. then?" ...... f'-y ' "Down' to' dinner? I. -have ■ jus:t,.,sentifor the. doctor. 'She has been doing a great - deal to much. 'Well, Miss Lawford, I shall • expect you to let me have the stone to night." ;; .. Lilias made-'no .answer. She her room. ; .Her heart .was . .fceajSer-ir than before, _ but there" was also:— a great \ excitement . over her. She did not understand Hugh', , and had "a fear ' lurking, at the -bottom of her'. heart which she^dia "not dare'to: examine; She dressed for dinner, and- when the second . gong sounded ran down, to the. drawing-room. Temple was there waiting for her. He look ed anxious and worried. y°u have coineback, Lil? -' That is ngh.t," he said; "Is your father better?". Lilias gave him- a brief account- of- • the state of .things at;the. rectory., . . .. "We had better go "into diniier now," he " said. He offered her his arm.- There was' a . small table drawn up near'fhe fire.laidfor -. ' two. Lilias seated- herself opposite ' Jack h Temple and the-meal proceeded.. Temple ate very little. _ He seemed.muiffi perturbed about something and was" very ' ' ;acitum. Once or twice Lil looked at Turn; Y-t. ind saw that he seemed to forget her pres- ' rnce in the room. He scarcely touched his ood. - . At last the dreary meal came to an end ind the servants withdrew. The moment hey did so Jack sprang to his feet It is Providence who has brought von iack he said. "How I want to consult • mu. 'What abont, Jack?' 'About Nadine. She has returned, and really worse than I have seen, her since baby's birth. I am alarmed. Bee clings to Nadine and does not want anyone else in the room. The doctor has been and says he cannot understand this sudden relapse. What does it mean, Lil?" "It means," said Lil, "that Nadine ought to go." "I know; but how are we to get rid of her? My wife clings to her and yet if this goes on she will die." Lil roused herself, anxious as she was on her own account, and told Jack of the little incident of baby being taken to his mother by Nadine. "Yes, Bee will never care for that child as long as that woman is here. Lil, you are very clever, can you not think of some way to get rid of her? Once she was out of 'the house and her pernicious influence removed Bee would come to herself and recover her health." [To be continued from day to day till finished.] 