THINGS IN GENERAL. The excursion trains to Sydney are not rushed these plague times. * * A new sheep-shearing machine, with compresed air as the motive-power, is now on the market for sale. * * * Buskin reckoned that his laziness kept him alive. ' What a busy place hell must be !' he wrote to a friend. * . * ? * ,, ? ? N.Z. won't have N.S.W. rags or cloth ing, other than in actual tfear — rags in cluded — at any price. The tip did it. * ' * * The Borchgrevink expedition has lo cated the south magnetic pole and beaten the record with 78.50 S. No gold found ; no wild rush, * * * A 4-months Coonabarabran (N.S.W.) baby was recently drowned in its cot by the milk-bottle -being left tipped so that the milk could run into its mouth. * * # ' De trouble 'bout some se'f-made men,' said Uncle Eben, 'is dat dey knocked off work too soon an' began to brag about de job.' — Washington Star. * * * Snakes are suggested as an antidote to rats. The average man would sooner risk bubonic than put his hand on a snake while feeling under the bed for his boots. * * * The missing great-grandson of the famous Marshall Blucher, and heir to a fortune of £40,000, has just been dis covered in a New York sanatorium, where he was employed as a night watchman. * * * Who seeks to please all men each way, And not himself offend, He may begin his work to-day, But God knows when he'll end. — Samuel Rowlands. * * * _ The greatest city on earth has : 37,055 persons living 5 in a room. 17,232 „ „ 6 „ 6,153 ,, ,, 7 ,, 1,848 ,, ,, 8 ,, 33,500 ,, ,, 8 in two rooms. 14,310 „ „ 9 *? * r- When freemen discuss grievances it is healthy ; when slaves discuss them, it is dangerous. Reform is the result of the first, rebellion of the second.' This sounds splendid. But, like all generaliza tions, it is wampy. Even freemen end by breaking something if the wheel of reform is blocked. Instance : Oliver Cromwell. x * * We cannot all be heroes, And thrill a hemisphere With some great daring venture, Sorde deed that mocks at fear ; But we can fill a lifetime With kindly acts and true ; There's always noble service For noble souls to do. — G. A. Mason. * * * A telegram from Wentworth states that there is a scarcity of meat at Menindie, on the Darling. Residents have to pay famine prices, and then they cannot be supplied unless they are lucky. The cause of the famine is the enormous loss of stock owing to the protracted drought. Before the late rainfall sheep were dying in hundreds daily. * ?» * Mr. A. Gummow, of Broken Hill, thought himself bit when he bought at auction a disreputable writing-desk for a casual bob. The desk had several times before been offered and no buyer. He gave it away to a relative, who decided to have it repaired. In a secret drawer was found a 1793 guinea, with anything up to £20 and £600 in 3£ per cent. Consols, issue of 1822. Second-hand desks have ' bulled ' at Broken Hill. * * * One of the lessons of the war is that there is a grand field here for mule breeding. The Imperial authorities have purchased thousands of these hardy animals in America, Argentina, and Hungary, and paid about double the money that many worthless weeds of horses now consuming N.S.W. grass will ever realize. Mule-breeding is simplicity itself. You get a good jackass and raise him from a foal with the mares. * * * The Fraser jury isn't the only one that has gone on its own. A most popular citizen in a certain town once got into a difficulty with a disreputable tough, who was the terror of the place, and did him up in a manner entirely satisfactory to the entire community. The jury took the case in hand, and were out about two minutes, when they returned. 'Well, said the judge, in a familiar, leavehim to-the-mercy-of-the-court way, ' what have the jury to say ?' ' May it please the Court,' responded the foreman, ' we, the jury, find that the prisoner is not guilty of hittin' with intent to kill, but simply to paralyse, and he done it.' The verdict was received with applause, and the prisoner returned thanks in the pub. round the corner. sfc ;jc - sfc And his name was Micky Rogan, He was camped upon the Bogan, And a boiling of his billy by a dam ; And he didn't care a button 'Cause he hadn't any mutton, But he simply took his gruel like a lamb. ' I'm a shearer,' said our Micky, ' And the squatter's very tricky, ' For he sits upon the shearer ' (here he drank, For hia tea -was getting hotter), ' And the bank sits on the squatter, But blow me I nan sit upon the bank !' — Orange Leader . * * * The Delagoa Bay Railway Company built a line from that place towards Pre toria, which line extended is the present Boer back-door. Portugal resumed it in 1889\. The question of compensation to the British and American shareholders has been in dispute since, and was sub mitted to Swiss arbitrators. At least £2,000,000 was expected, but only £600,000 has been awarded. Hence the dissatisfaction. The Swiss evidently haven't weighed the water. * * * Dr. A. Bloch, the French anthropolo gist, denies that thick lips denote sensu ality, and thin and delicate lips spirituality and elevated character. He says that the shape, size, and color of the lips are purely race characteristics, and that in the hybrid people of Europe and America, where there has been such an intermingling of races, a child may inherit from not very remote ancestors forms of lips that completely belie the actual character of the child, as indicated by the lip theory, and that really thick lips in the white races are always anomalies or freaks of nature. * * * * An old man called Mason, who had worked on Cooper's Creek for the last 17 years, was discharged. Having no horses he was compelled to hump bluey, the thermometer at that time was averaging 110 degrees in the shade. Dry stages of 30 or 40 miles were the rule, not the exception. The old pioneer managed to get as far as Yanko (Q ), about 200 miles from where he started, but wandered off the track. His swag was found about four miles from Yanko station. -The police searched for him without success, and the poor old fellow's bones are bleaching in the sand hills. The same old story — too old for work — turned adrift. * * * Are there any ghosts ? Most of ussay no, but the subject has too much fascina tion for everybody for us to think any body is really certain. This is said to be a statement of Ruskin himself : When Mr. Ruskin was a young man staying in a valley in Switzerland he came upon a field left waste because the villagers told him it was haunted, 'for all the children, and not one of we, can see an old woman sitting under a tree.' Buskin ridiculed the idea, but some time after wards he left the place and went to a village fifteen miles off. Remembering the story, he asked the family in whose house he lived, whose members had never left their native hamlet, if he might take their young daughter for a visit to the place he had left. They consented, and he drove her over. As they approached the field he said to the little girl : 'Tour eyes are younger than mine; tell me if you can see anyone?' 'Nobody,' she said, 'except an old woman sitting under the tree.' ' Well,' said he, ' ' what is she like ?' 'I can only see her back, ' ' and then suddenly, with a voice of fear, ' Oh ! she has turned now and I can see her face, with two holes where her eyes should be.' * * * Engineering has an interesting article on the cost of making shears, which shows that they can be made now for 4d. per pair, 8in. long, excluding depreciation and interest on plant, whereas 40 years they cost about Is. This is a result of the application of machinery, 16 opera tions being carried out each by a separate man, while formerly one man did all seven operations. At the same time wages have advanced from 5d. to lid. per hour. Very much less time, however, was required with modern; machinery, 12 shears being made, according to Engineering, in 4 hours 20 minutes, against 28 hours 51 minutes in 1855. Thus, the operations of forging, harden ing, tempering, drilling holes, and putting blades together by the hand method occu pied 10 hours 24 minutes, which appears a high output with blacksmiths' tools. With cutting machine, furnace, trip hammer, clipping machine, fitting and drilling machine, and emery wheel, 1 hour 29 minutes were occupied, or about one seventh of the time. Filing handles took 1 hour by hand and 14 minutes by machinery ; grinding sides and edges, 2 hours against 14 minutes ; and polish ing, 10 hours against 1 hour 45 minutes. 