LEAGUE OP NORTH QUEENSLAND WHEELMEN. The regular monthly meeting of the Committee of the L.N.Q.W. was held at the Committee Rooms, on Tuesday evening, when, there were present Dr Moore and Messrs G. P. Ellis, H. M. Aaronson, A. Motion, H. Motion, J. Chapman, A. Alphen, N, Burrowa, J, W. Keying, A. Leyshon, and the sec retary, T. B. Symons. On the motion of Mr Chapman, the challr waa occu lted by Mr Ellis. The minutes of the previous meeting, and the outward correspondence were read and confirm* «d, Mr J.. Evert wrote resigning hi* position on the Hading Board, and the secretary of the Cairns braach for warded a detailed report of the Easter meeiihig at Cairns. The report Was itt» celved, and it was resolved to writ* to the CairuB branch compliixnentiinaE them on the fail report they had fur nished. In reference to the resignation of Mr Evert, Mr Barrows said that he believed that it was only owing to ra masks passed by outsiders in connec tion! with the Healy matter > The League had the. fullest confidence in Mr. Ererty and he moved that he be tasked to reconsider the matter. The motion, was carried ^unanimously. An account of £13, rent: for the grounds to the T.P.A. and M. Asso ciation for,the second was passed* The Secretary *'m ort^ *, W. Tivgear, handitapper ' C1^v*. Tjies tt?lan events, h£d to resign. It was resoldD ABERG, %r Tregear, asking Mm ft4* matter, and in the ew? Weal ing to resign, that a f 5®" °K regret be. aentto him A ait Stanton \ ber& Were proposed, rested fmm TuostK in the course of , j.ur v Aaronson referred ft Aerfwt. After an «? Press In icoAnectionP0^ 4 the prisoner was sen / BUNDABERG, April t\ Ifcult Court opened to-day;^ f of the aboriginal B411v Brojj '* murder of Mary Le Blowita \- A. Hareoutrt, was commenced. X t%itno*$s are to be exsutiSned, qualification matter, in which several names appeared, among them hie own. HP would Eke to know how it hap pened, as it was not desirable, especi ally for business men, (hat their names fhouid appear in such matters. The Secretary explained that on <rhe Tuesday after the meeting he took a copy of the balance sheet Sato the .Miner' office, but not!)Lag was said about the Healy matter, but" on Wed n .xday the editor rung him up and ask ed If lie cculd supply a copy of the documents, au4 (in apsvvcr to the a» plication he dild BO. He did so because ilic mailer was one which concerned the public, and public money, and he considered that in such a case he had a right to give any member of the lYtss such information if he applied for it. The Chairman asked if it was a true report, Mr Symons replying that it was, containing the evidence taken. Mr. Healy's letter, and tlue voting, but not the remarks of the Committee, Mr A.ironson would have liked those remarks to have gone in, so as ta have lrt the public pea tbait the Com Ulster's action in not endorsing the r« cwirn »adation that Healy be disquali fied \v *s because the Racing Board had acted irregularly fn reopeniqg the case on the second day. Mr Chapman objected to the report because it was not a verbatim report, and did not show !he remarks of him sj £ and the otii<-v members on the mat ter. The Racing Board had no right jo Tin" pen the ease again at all. At thft previous Committee meeting Jie had moved that the disquali fication be not upheld, as it appeared as if the Racing Board bad not the backbone to> i.im up the fiifet day. The matter waa I'.;ar:if;al!y a question of fact, and i'f q«irPil no evidence, and the evidence of throe v/iirofP-es had failed to show why the man should he sent up on the Satu'-riay when it was not done on the Fi'.dsy. The Committee'® action was pine icaily a vote of censure on the Racing Board. Dr Mccre fc&'d thai at the preview? Committee meeting, at which ha oc cupied tho chair, he had pointed out that the quesfeu as to whether the Racing Board had done their 4uty or not had nothing to do with the ques tion whether Healy Reserved disquali fication or not, and he was of the same opinion now. If the Racing Board dM^rved ceflsuue, that should have bwn done afterwards. There had be«n several informalities in the affair-of cowtpo they had been aottag under new rules. The first irregularity was In tha Racing Board reopening the case, and calling the evidence of outsiders, cot on matters of fact. They had only to deal with matters of fact, and should have done so there and then. Then the Committee never required Healy to show aattse why the disqualification should not be carried oubt, which was done instead by the Racing Board. He held that the Committee had lost sight of the question:: Was Healy stiff or not? and had therefore white washed Healy; hence the public noise. The Secretin asked how it was that Mr Chapman) had) said at the pre vious meeting that he believed Healy was stiff, and should be sent up for life, Mr Chapman admitted the remark, and said that he still belli»ved Healy rvafi as 'stiff as a crutch,', but he thought they could not endorse the Racing. Board's raeommeaidatiion be cause that body had wrongly reopened the case. The chairman said he would like ft to be clearly understood that the dis cussion only arose in connection with the report in the ' Aliaer,' and that there was no chance of the Healy case being reopened, He for cane would not allow that. Mr Burrows did not think the Sec retary had acted wisely, but he had no desire to censure him. It had always been understood that the Secretary should funuiieh some report of the meetings lo the Press, and this being an exceptional case, of course the 'Miner' rtf-slre-d to cive the public as much news on the matter as possible. zfflr Syirors was Hie best Secretary v^' ever had, aud ^e thought that ho IX : Vnljr acted without fluft coi&lder;* %? vv. The Secretory roJterated his opinion uj&t; it was a usage to giv$ iufortua tion to the Press when asked for It ia connection wiih sports meeting*. Mr Aarortou, esiilfl he thought that if the 1 on& ot th^-meeting had been, given 'to the public, there would no® have been so much talk about the mat ter. Dr Moore referred to an appia<reoi<t lack of confidence among supporters of the League,, and asked whether the t omm tt<w would do anything to vindi cate themselves ia the eyes of the pub lic. After a liUie ai'scussion on the matter, in the course of which the g»r. eral opinion expressed was that It would be r(!diculous for the Committee to rivsigu, and that everything would right n he%/he public saw that tho disquaijJicatipa was not endorsed sim P'y l^ame of t!,l? laxity of <the Rac i«g I3oa;d, Mr Burrows moved a vote of confidence in the Secretary. whiich van C3tr,.'r-d unanimously. The Stcretary stated tliat the League had a credit balance of £1«>0, and on in * sugge?t|AQ of Mr Aaronsou; it was resolved that the matter of a cycling race for jockeys be submitted to the hub-Committee entrusted wtfth the dra.ting of the June programme, and closed s with a vofe of ihrjnLfc io the chairman. . Jhtlocal league of North Queens land Wheelmen have Issaed a pro gramme for the 23rd June, the day af ter the Charters Towers races. The m°?ey 1b l2®* an<* the events are Winter Plate, of 30 govs., two miles: Jusne Stakes, 35 BOVS,, 1 mile; Second class Scralch Race, £8; Grand Cycling Coniest, of £30, over three and five miles: flying Handicap. £?, ha«-a J»iie; Maiden Handicap, £5, a male louths' Handicap, £3, haif-a-mile! There is also a ShefiMd Handicap of £20, and goat race of £1/10/-. One danger ahead of cycling man agement in North Queensland is <the concentration of riders in what are col oquially known as stables. At the last Towers cycle race meefctag the four principal handtfcaiis were won by ridera in the one stable, and in three of those events the different winners were fiRlendtdly 'paced' by 'stable-mates,' J he stable was an such rare form thaft the winners would probably have won without askance, but wiih the pactag they got, tthe other riders had not the ghost of a chance. Take the two-mile ?m of the stable paced splendidly for four laps, and the ulti ?^t? 1W5Ver appeared in -front until he sprinted near the home turn. Of course his pacer threw away his chance of the race; he practically never >*au,se after setting the pacd 5T,»!* ^Uy !^',s U waa impossible he * , Racing Board were powerless to interfere, because if the* penalised men who make the pace they would convert handicap races imo the crawls that most of (Le scrafch races dissolve themselves into. The race wf.a< r,T ifLtere«^®& one, but if the ioca,i staMes are mot broken up they will scare off outside competition, and racin» less attractive. The TownsvJHe men, for instance, had not a ghost of a show. No doubt when P,ZS B, vis,t the Wst they ar© 'on theft* own and the Townsville "stables' have the best of it, but that Is only a why the manage ment in both places should take action. One safeguard against the trouble «s the members of a stable ihl one heait; it is an excellent one, but is rendered less effeotJivo by the ab surd rule which aSlows the fastest time JiTThf VP9 h?®,s to compete in the final. This' simply means that when two of the1 stable are together In £ti» ibcf pacG m* another artistically, and fhe resuit is that the fi rat and second of the ©table qualify S» i ^ and a Pacer for the i <ast of the two is assured. If tbet franu-rs of the June programme haw *,° ciirk thls growing mil tsey w.il only allow wiatjers of heats ln the *>* 5 «3t In Which a second can gat a place da the final win ever b« regard^ ara genuine race,* 