The Boundary R'.der's Story. By H. M. S. There were nights in my ' residence ' hut when we shunned th - eeduc inn of euchre by common, but unsp k*-n, consent. Round the tire, pipes glared. Rnd tobacco rmoke added density to ihe haze which filled the room Irani the open chimney, tSy-and-bye the yarning mo'-d wou'deome. Charlie the sailor would tell of awful nights before the mart, and still nvre lurid nights ashore. Bill the soldier would thrill us with very heavily-garni^he! series of the Maori wars iu which he had served. Hut old Bob, the boundary rider, sun-dried and bow-legged, wa9only once induced to favour the company. He had remarked that he had stcn squatter Slerln* on the boundary that CASTLE ROCK, TOWKSVILLE tQ.). day. and, as we knew that Bob had been associated with -his big kindly land king in earlier d--y-s we p esKed the old chap tor a remintcmice. Knocking the live tobacco out ot his pipe Bob ' moistened his rlay ' from the black billy, and encircling his wooden stool with bi« rainlow understand in i tie began : - 41 1 was a smart j oung chap in those o'd days on the Macquarie. And being a hot 'un on a ca tie camp and a sticker on a colt, 1 was well-liked up at the bom -. station and got to know most that was going on there. Mr. Chomley, the owner, was a bU man with a bit; heart, though I believe it was a sad heart, too, for he buried his wife - as grand a woman as ever stepped — on that station. A few years after that Miss Chomley came out from Sydney and lived at the station. A pretty, fair-haired little lady (-he waB, with the bluest eyes, and, God bless her ! the tenderest heart that ever a girl had in this wurld. She was a - bright creature, but as shy as a youn? haie. She loved riding, and would get up on anything and to tearing about the plains. Not a creature on that station, from the sma lesv picraninyin the blacks' camp to the Bour old Mrs. M'Kenzie, the hou*ekeeper, but what loved Miss Nessie, for she thought of 'cm all before she thought of herself. 'Two men used to come sometimes and go out riding with her by tarns ; it seemed to me they were always trying to get the inside run of each other. One was Mr. Richard Sterling, a grand young fellow, onlv '23. I was told his father bought him a share in one of Mr. Chomley's stations, a long way out back, and he was managing it. The other man was Mr. Fleming, the smartest man on Ihe Macquarie River, the best thot, and the most wonderful hard on cattle J e . er saw. He had the next atHtion to ours, and there was always a lot of talk about him being a hard man! 1 seen him mustering many a time, and his men was fiightcned like of him. Not that be ever swore and ramped at 'em when they let the bu lock* 6tumpede or pet stuck in the river. But he had a devil of a straight grey e\e, and it went clean through a fellow. And, though he never said much his tongue cut like the green hide tail of a stockwhip. ' In them days the blacks ueed to cut the rattle up pretty bad, and fome men on tbe river was not very particular about la- ing out a few nigger6. But Mr. Chomley would never stand anything like that, and I've heard him say many a time that be never had any trouble with the natives. As for Mies Nessie. t-he loved them all that much she made them a regular nuisance. Old King Billy was her favourite. He was very funny, and when he learned a bit of English it was as good as a play to listen to him. Blacks ain't much good to anybody as a lule, but I believe that old cove wou'd have just About died for Mifs Nessie. 'Well, on Sunday she was singing behind the grape (relli* on the veiandah, when my mate, Tom, rode up and said there was three blacks shot dead on buttercup ? Plain, fibe ran out, and I'll never forget her white fa *». Tom told her it was true. Two Warrigals and old King B lly had been caught skinning a bullock by touiebody. and whoever caught them had shot tbem. ** Mary, the housemaid, told me that the young lady roamed ab-mt all night for week- after that. « r. Chomley was furious, and it would have been God help the man that did it if the squatter could have got on his track. By-and-bye i story gut aVout thit Mr. Sterling hid been seen on tbe river that Sunday, and had ridden by without calling. Gradually -like, the yarn wap whisp red that he had shot Bil'y - nd the Warrigals. Anyway, he never came to the station any more, and poor Miss JSe-isie went about as white as a corpse, as tender and kind as ever, but never a smile on her face. ' For a whole year Mr. Fleming came every week, an1 of course, noue of us knew exactly what happened, but, au_ wa3-, they were married at the station at the end of that time. There w-is a great spree and all that, but she was just as white and s-id when he put the rlas on her fingei as ever she was. Many a time I mef the two driving from his place through our run, and she always had that sort of hopeless look. ' One day, when they were driving on Buttercup Plain, he spotted a turkey. The horses were fresh, but. he pulled up and jumped out, leiving her with tbe reins. I heard afterwards that he was pulling his gun out of the trap just where the blacks were shot. It caught in something and off it vent, and that shows \ou how easy a big strong man can be laid bw. The CROSSING SHEEP OVEB A TEMPORARY BRIDGE. CHARTERS TOWERS GOLD FIELD, NORTH QUEENSLAND. charge went off, and ho got it all in the shoulder. The biood spurted on to the wheel, and just as he droprel she screamed ind jump: d from tl e buggy, and away went the horses over the bank of tlie ligouu, ai,d the tr p w s sm sl ed to splinters in u mi' ute. Tom, who whs not fur off, heard the sbot and rode up. At first Mr. Flemirg was sircisfic lik°, a1 d co gratulated her iu letti g the trap go that might Lave taken him home arid saved his life. ' Then, as lie felt his blood going, ^e cursed her like a savage, wliileshes id t ever a word, but k-pt moisten ing i is lips a d forehead with water that Tom brought in his hit from a crab hole. At last he half juniDed up, looked rou' d, and laughed like a lunatic. Then he screamed, ? This is where I did for you- black rubbish. And I put your great hulking lover in for it. 1 beat him for i ou, d'ye hear. See there ! There is one of them now ? ' He dropped back and died. Tom always s*iid afterwards that the squatter saw old King Billy's ghost that minute. ' That business nearly k'll.d tbe poor 1 dy, but not quite, if any ot you happen to call «t Mr. Sterling's station for a feed, and can see a h. ndsome woman with a Fort of frijrhtened look in her eyes, you will know that 30U are welcome to the best en the pi -ce. Good night, male.'.' And Bob turned in. MAKING A TEMPORARY BRIDGE FOR STOCK. 