BUBONIC PLAGUE NO FURTHER DEVELOPMENTS. ACTIVITY AT FREMANTLE. Yesterday there were no new developments in conection with the outbreak of bubonic plague in Fremantle. Happily no fresh cases have been brought under the notice of Dr. Anderson, the special medical officer. The health authorities do not intend to relax their efforts to raise the standard of sanitation, in order to prevent the plague becoming epidemic at the Port. Dr. Anderson has pointed out in a letter forwarded by him to the Local Board of Health at Fremnantle that it is absolutely essential, if the plague is to be effectually stamped out, that no amount of labour or expense should be spared to remove anything which would be likely to harbour the germs of disease. The crusade against filth, he says, in effect, must be vigorously carried on, otherwise the colony will have to pay the penalty for its neglect of the laws of cleanliness. One of the insanitary spots of Fremantle is the stretch of beach running along the Esplanade between the Sailors' Rest and the baths. Innumerable complaints have been made regarding the foul condition of this portion of the sea frontage, but the local board. claims to have no jurisdiction over the area affected. There is invariably an unpleasant stench about the heaps of stagnated seaweed lying along the beach. The odours arising from the seaweed are in themselves said to be not unhealthy, but in this instance the effluvium is caused by rotting. garbage washed up by the sea, and the offensive stuff which is allowed to run into the seaweed from two covered-in drains in the vicinity. Dr. Anderson, however, is determined to exert his powers to eradicate the evil, and to-day a gang of about 40 men will be put on to remove every bit of garbage along the beach. The Railway Department will be asked to provide a locomotive and a number of trucks in which to remove the stuff out beyond the smelting works. All foetid matter will be destroyed by fire, and the rubbish will be spread out on the sand to dry, after which it will be gathered up and burnt. STATEMENT BY DR. ANDERSON. Dr. Anderson, in the course, of a conversation with a representative of the "West Australian," yesterday stated. that the ashes left from the cremation of the body of Wilson had been buried. near the quarantine station at Woodman's Point, and a post had been erected to mark the spot. The work of providing additional accommodation for those in quarantine, and the erection of a crematorium and the isolated patients' hospital, was being carried on night and day, so that the authorities might be ready for any emergency as speedily as possible. A steam disinfector had been fixed up, and before any of the "contacts" were released from quarantine the whole of their wearing apparel would be subjected to a thorough course of disinfection. Up to the present, the doctor added, 65 persons had been inoculated, the number including those in quarantine at the hospital and at Woodman's Point. A further supply of the prophylactic serum, consisting of about 2,000 doses, was expected to arrive from Bombay about the end of next week, when he (Dr. Anderson) would he prepared to inoculate any person who could show that he was specially liable to infection. The doctor further stated that an official report of the work done by him since his appointment as special medical officer had been forwarded to Dr. Harvey, who is carrying out the duties of Principal Medical Officer. IN QUARANTINE. The following is a complete list of the names of the "contacts' removed into quarantine at Woodman's Point from the plague houses in Bay-street and South-terrace respectively ;--From Bay- street: Ferri Martinelli Mrs. Martinelli Thos. Hinchcliffe, Narino Pierre, Paulino Parere, Jack Martinelli, and Lombardo. From South-terrace: Mr. Wilson, Mrs. Wilson, Flora A. Wilson, Jenny Smith, James Glenfell, Pierre Mulligan, Ivy Clarence, Gladys Finley, Chas. Hughes, Annie Mulligan; Rupert Caldener, Kesnal Caldener, May Wetherhal, Nellie Mulligan, Robt. W. Hill, Archibald Hill, Reg. Hill, Win. Nash Hill, sen., and Amy Wilson. In reply to an inquiry last night, Dr. Anderson stated that the health of all the persons in quarantine was satisfactory, and every attention was being paid to their personal comfort, as far as the rather primitive accommodation at the grounds would permit. FREMANTLE BOARD OF HEALTH. LETTER FROM DR. ANDERSON. The following letter, which speaks for itself, has been addressed to the Fremantle. Local Board of Health by Dr. Anderson: "Fremantle, April 13, 1900. "To the Secretary, Local Board of Health, Fremantle.—Sir,—As the Central Board of Health have decided that most energetic measures are necessary to stamp out the bubonic plague in your municipality, I am advised to inform you that the following measures must be at once carried out :— "1. The nuisance and danger to public health arising from the deposit of waste and bath water, and also urine, must cease. The only safe method is to increase the number of carts employed, and have the material carted out to the sewage farm. "2. As the boundaries of the local board have been extended to the sea shore, the seaweed along the Esplanade must be dealt with by your board. This should be collected and remove by high way trucks or drays some miles from the town. and there dealt with as may determined upon. "3. A determined and systematic crusade against rats must be started, and all rats, after death, should be cremated. "4. All closed drains must be opened up, examined, and thoroughly flushed and cleansed. "5. The corporation tip at the Oval must be guarded to see that there is no handling of the refuse after its deposition by persons searching for articles of value. A sufficient supply of tar, etc., should be provided, in order to ensure that everything combustible is thoroughly burned. "In addition to the foregoing, I would suggest that your board divide the town into districts, each with its own inspector and gang of men, and that house-to-house examination be made in each area. "All authorities are agreed on the folly of endeavouring to cope with this disease in a half-hearted manner and With an insufficient staff to carry out the work. "In such a serious question as this, affecting every individual in the community, one thing must ever be borne in mind—that the measures taken must be of the most thorough kind, and carried out, no matter what the cost may be.—I have, etc.. "(Sgd.) T. L. ANDERSON, "Special Medical Officer to the Central Board of Health." ALBANY RAILWAY PASSENGERS ALBANY, April 13. The secretary of the Local Board of Health has received a telegram from the Colonial Secretary, stating that it is impracticable to make an examination of the passengers from Fremantle by-rail. The Mayor of Coolgardie in reply to a telegram, said passenger were being examined on the goldfields line. THE INTERCOLONIAL CON- FERENCE. MELBOURNE, April 13. At the annual conference of commercial travellers this afternoon the chairman stated that the report showed that the roll of membership had, been raised to 1,557, and that the net assets had increased to £3,005,.but the improvement was not evenly distributed. The hope was expressed that a special effort should be made by some of the other colonies, Western Australia in particular, to keep in line. MELBOURNE, April 13. The Intercolonial Conference of medical officers held to devise measures for the suppression, of the bubonic plague resumed to-day. The base of the deliberations at the Venice Convention were discussed and their findings generally, with a view to applying them locally. The members of the conference will proceed to Sydney to prosecute further inquiries. TWO DEATHS IN SYDNEY. SIX ADDITIONAL CASES. SYDNEY, April 13. Two deaths from the plague were reported to-day and six additional cases. NO PLAGUE IN ADELAIDE. ADELAIDE, April 12. It was officially stated to-day by the Minister of Health that there were no suspected cases of plague in the Adelaide hospital or anywhere else in the colony. ACTION BY NEW ZEALAND GOVERN- MENT. AUCKLAND, April 12. It has been decided to delare the whole of Australia infected. While Fiji and Samoa will not be declared infected, vessels arriving from the islands will be subjected to a strict examination. VIEWS OF CORRESPONDENTS. TO THE EDITOR. SIR-I bet to call the attention of the Board of Health to the presence in Perth of an undoubted evil, viz., a number of deserted tenements, which afford a spleandid harbour for rats, as it is well known they swarm in old and disused buildings. Some of these are arb complete wrecks and are absolute eye sores. If " snapshots" were taken of them, indeed they: might well pass muster as memen connected with the siege of Ladysmith or Kimberley. For what reason are M unused and despicable looking wrecks left standing? I am told there is a bad odor from one at least. It might be advisable to have a few terriers to catch the iza when the work of demolition is going on.-Yours, etc., KEEN OBSERVER. Perth, April 11. TO THE EDITOR. ti ;D-aria g my perigrinatione and real -desao in the East, I have seen a good deal el tt? plagues which, besides famines, have ; md such mortality among the teeming n-of India. Thank God, Australia, "'to its salubrious climate and a sparse ;has far less to fear from such visitations. So far we have :"~ ocholera, and small-pox has never !f o-sa'ioot in these colonies. A new and i-ifsomb disease has come to us. . So far "ilave been fortunate that only one or "*i.pinsa have been attackedin Western aitaii, and with care I am of opinion "t*it may save the lives of those who sis?r?tah the contagion. One, if not the ?istl rgent matter to be attended to, is to i?- or stay anything approaching a scare e~ c. What causes the enormous mor tifj;:throughout India is the moral de on-or scare-cholera or plague gives m t among the natives. Here we have ;todel with Europeans. Still, even amongst b there are many who can easily be aOwn into a morbid condition, which iuiders them liable to take the disease. 1?laespeare says that " a rose by any other Adie'wroild smell as sweet." In this in tieiee the name of the disease is really its brast feature. "Plague" is an ugly word. :t;cairies us forcibly to the pages of the a ibl and the English history of former attiries, when London suffered so awfully. eut. we must remember that since those vyay science has gone ahead. Dr. Jenum lias minimised the danger of small-pox. holilera, typhoid, and diphtheria have been bhldTin check, and even this new and hitherto dreadful bubonic affection can be spat and obviated or reduced in its effects, bysinoculation. It has been stampedout of :ouatrles where the native element, which, ?sI said above, cripples the efforts of the 0sical profession: In Australia we have eo deal with reasonable people. We have Governments and corporate bodies ready tilend every possible assistance, health mbards who are pushing most vigorously the necessary sanitary reforms, which will stop the csread of this disease. These, of course, minimise the danger, and will stop the spread of this eviL Still, it must not ie 'forgotten that it is the duty of every lia., women or child even, throughout this tolony to help in every possible way the great Work of sanitation which is now oging on in every direction. From experi ace 'in such matters, I would suggest a ?s6reeffeective, pleasant, as well- as ine.r hive, disinfectant-green coffee, roasted a common frying pan-not in achimney, mut on na primus stove in the house-the pi y grouaid, placed in saucers in every meom,. Let this be done twice a week. 'hi csiffee can be used afterwards in the staln way; even though some of the ro??" has been lost, it will be far better bhin the stale coffee bought foe consump tieoi' Other ways are, good wholesome, aitritive food, ample ventilation of eleep g ~ apartments, exercise, use (but nut ab?ea), of alcoholic drinks, and, above all tbnwa froha InllW irnnero..rt th.C sh'n; ghoOio plague, whilst; a most unwelcome viitor, is really and truly much less to be ebtaded than the mass of the people fancy. Z most' earnestly wish to impress on your Veders to try and avoid brooding and iwelling on this scourge in their home circle. It is most urgent for one and all toavoid "croaking," to keelj a stout heart, to lbe as cheerful as possible under the eircamstances, andto remember that our ? is in the hands of One, in whom we 6lh-1ii'rplicitly place. our trust; while !:*e hold keep in mind the Frehch axiom, AA A etoi Dies t'aidera."-Yours, etc., JULES £OUBEBT. 1'aantlae, April 11. To THE Enrrom. u sz,;-JI see that one victim of the Ii .'q i plgue at Fremantle, has been brdiiý:dat sea. Such an act, according to ?f?tong. experience with sea- faring life, I eessa er must be disastrous to the colony, i. ip to', the adjoining colonies. In the ut-:?.$C , all . such victims should be -tsated",.The burying at sea is not likely StAny. great harm amongst the fisher meam as any fish affected by the same is to float to the surface immediately Sbing affected. Most danger is to be erpienced through the molly- hawk, $?v~xqr1d penguin, and the black-breasted o ant. Such birds nearly always are en- t othe same distance from land, and I ye1atý any small fish that have been l.,g-'on the suction around the victim, I ?,cfscll 'fly ashore and die, and be eaten AInd flies, and mosquitos and other e .iill cause the disease to travel at .:, .:rapid rate that there will be no iigit, foronceit getsintoinsects, such 6 k daimon house flies and mosquitos, it I most likely carry everything before Is:ia tropical climates the mosquito is I tho greatest inoculator of all the 5- tribe- that flies in the air. I most inely hope .that this will be the last 1ly buried at sea for the sake of the ?m.mity at large-- Yours, etc,, . MASTER MARINEB. R. m antle, April 10. ',w To TrE Enrros. Sir Having an hour to spare in Fre atie: esterday, I happened, during Smwanderings, across one or two things ~ed to n small surprise on the part _a .,fiiend and myself. Coming from Igth=terraco'to the main jetty, we ck the Esplanade near the stock in +ctor's office, maid were met with a ast bitensive smell from that portion ?etfthe sea'beach' where two sewerage d' ins.empty themselves. This. bedof Ie.i.?snd• stench is right alongside a road irsed daily by hundreds of people, 1eI also within a few hundred yards ihg-street and if the continuance biazitat? ofaffairs is not criminal on part of whatever authorities permit itis, in the strongest, sense of the -disgrace to' a civilised commu nity, and o distinct menace to public health. ;'A quarter of a mile further on, we passed, some' empty sheep-trucks on the jetty,4which were in the usual dirty condition that we expect to find cattle and sheep trucks in in Western Austra lia, but'which in England or the Eastern colonies- would lead to the -responsible official :being promptly shot out of his post. 'In'this instance, the nuisance was aggravated by one of the trucks contain ing a dead lamb or young pig, blown up to be an almost unrecognisable mass of corruption, and casting off most foul odours, and yet scores of people, aye, even hundreds, had to pass by, the jetty being busy owing to the arrival of the Paroo. Passing on, we found the s.s. Karrakatta lying alongside, flying the yellow flag and supposed to be in quanr antine, such quarantine consisting of unrestricted communication between the ship and the jetty. I notice in your re port of last' night's meeting of the Fre mantle Chamber of Commerce, that Mr. Leeds, who, I presume, is the same gen tleman who is identified with the firm holding the agency for these steamers, denied that there was communication be tween ship and shore, and that a police man was stationed at the ship's side to prevent such. To this I can only say that I was in the vicinity of the steamer for over half an hour, and saw no sign of any policeman.. and saw several persons passing from jetty to steamer, and vice versa. I was'also undes the impression that regnlations were in existence pro viding that ships' hawsers cdnnected with the short should have a piece of tin round them to prevent rats reaching the shore, and also that they should lie four feet off the wharf. These precautions, in the case of the Coolgardie, Karrakat ta'and Paroo, were like the..policeman alongside the Karrakatta-they were not there, at least during my presence. Now, Sir, these matters I have mentioned were all within: a distance of half a mile, and had we wandered much further, good ness- knows how many more surprises Providence would have ad in store for us; but we' found enough to satisfy us that there is a marvellous degree of care lessness being shown by the various au thorities responsible for the public health, and .that, all the grand regula tions and resolutions we have been wad ing through lately in the Press, the while we bandaged a wet towel round our heads, have practically been allowed to become a dead letter. We can imagine the rats and plagiue microbes in Sydney holding a conference, and after fully discussing varioussubjects, such-as dogs, traps, dis infectants fiery furnaces, etc., deciding unanimously that that was no place for them to' stay'in, and making all haste to reach such a safe haven as iremantle. -yours," etc., A CHIEL. Perth, April 12. . To vas EDITOn. . Sm,-Much' has ,been written lately about ;Fremantle being a' stink-hole. Apparently. the health board is dead. The so-called inspector of nuisances was long since baried and his office with him. The only lire conneotion left, so far as the general-public'know, is the collection of the health'rate' by the council fossils. They still exist,'and the early traditions are stillwithbthem. The gaunt figure of t-he angel of death is visible here every night,'giving to the inhabitants a timely warning. of impending danger. One can occasionally. hear his sepulchral echo. Fools, take warning. Be up and doing. Your prbcrastination will fill your hoeas with mourning and your churchyards with the mighty: dead. Strolling one'night along the jetty, I saw a ship's moorings tarred, whilst the gangway led directly from the ship to shore. I fell into a kind of reverie over this palpable contradiction, when lo! froni the sea came a voice which said-"The'ways of man are incompreheni sible and past understanding." The last echo iwhich sounded in my ears' was "Look uip your health officer and inspector of nuisances. They are only in a trance. A supernatural power has been trying to impart wisdom to thei.'' They will suffer a resurrection. Your duty is to.open their graves hnd give them a free exit." I may say at this juncture I was getting a little nervous. The supernatural is very dread ful. To visit a churchyard in the dead hourof the night was altogether beyond my powers.. So, by way of compromise, I decided to .stroll through the 'town to in 'hale' the stinks, and, if possible, define theiri. At the same time, if I approached too close to the cemetery, I determined, if the resurrection of the 'officials occurred, to- leave a. sufficient distance, so as not to be overtaken'by them. Well, on my way I had 'a dreadful experience. It will ever live in my memory. As I walked along the Esplanade, the sea was moaning dread fully, whilst vast clouds of vapour rose neavenward and spread into every street. Then I saw forms. flitting about, and, being naturally, of a genial temperament, I 'approached them to get their opinion of this drdadful stench-then, oh! horror of horrors, they.all changed their forms into the Angel of Death, ard brandishing their scythes. cried, "Procrastination! procras tination r" Then;, giving vent to one un earthly cry, they said, "'Friend, ran for ynurlife; the bubonic plague is here." I turned up the first street called Packen ham-street. By. this time I was nearly overcome~ Then I thought the best thing I could do to fihish up the night would be to visit" aiother street in the locality. When I reached this haven of despair, I heazird.a raven, ~s I thought, chanting, "Death' stalks here. Beware of the plague. Friend, run for your life." Whilste. I was thinking of all the raven had'said,'aiother appa.rition appeared in v avaaa vi usipaueu gir in snort petticoats. I thought at first I had seen another ghost: By this time I had become deeply interested in all things ethereal. So I thought I would muster up sufficient coutage to ask how long since she had left theo celestial world. To my surprise she said, "Feel me. I am quite natural. I rule Italy and a portion of old Ireland near by. I,was placed here to complete a pic tute 'sanctioned by a demoralised Govern nient" Then a chorus of "beery "revellers fell upon. my ear. The moral is told. Yours, etc., RESUME. , Fremantle, April 10. T TO 'rs EDITOR. Sir,-I notice that the Fremantle au thorities are making a house-to-house in snectioh to prevent the collection of filth. Might I suavest that the health authorities issue instructions to all local boards to specially attend to the sur roundings of all abattoirs and butcher ing premises, public and private latrines, hotels, restaurants, fruiterers, vegetable and fish markets, public and private schools, at the same time not relaxing in any degree.the strict ins"ection of all private premises. I think the present would be an ooportune time to agitate for theestablishment of public incine rators, as we all know that fire is the best disinfectant.-Yours, etc., "CLEANLINESS IS hNsXT TO . GODLINESS." Perth, April 11. }To TBE EDITOL. Sir;--,There can be no question of the inexpediency of the burial at sea of the body of young Campbell, who died of the ,lanue. It appears to me there is only one course now open, and that is to have the body taken up at once. There is the question of the public health, which is df paramount importance. How will the body fare? What will be its history if allowed to remain there.? It is quite easy to conceive of a recrudescence of the plague in years to come, as the re sult of the deposition of this plague stricken body in the sea. Sooner or later the coffin must fall to pieces. Sooner or later must the germs of this disease (which have been known to survive else where for almost indefinite periods) find their way to the shore. Again, the pub lic have such a.dread of this fell disease that they will not now eat the fresh fish sold in our streets. This must mean com parative disaster .o a flourishing indus try, and irreparable loss to many strug gling families.-Yours, etc., SALUS. Perth, April 12. / To THa EDrroa. Sir,-Now that, in view of the bubonic plague scare, the question of rat exter mination is occupying the attention of al, I would like to assist, by suggesting a simple, and yet effective, means by which the rodents can be capturedwhole sale. Set an ordinary dome wire rat trap inia tin dish, with water in the dish, but not sufficient to reach up to the bot tom of the trap. This is particularly ef fective in warehouses where rats are plentiful. By this means, I have known thirty-three caught in one trap in a single night. Cooktown, in Northern Queensland, swarmed with rats, nor were we able-to diminish their numbers till this.plan was adopted. The longer the trau. the more rats will be caught, as they must drink after eating, and so crowd the trans as to suffocate one an other. Oie night's trial of this plan will prove the truth of this, and quicklyabate the nuisance.-Yours, etc., THOS. W. WILLIAMS. Victoria- street, Perth, April 12. To vaE Ent.ro,. Sta,-Seeing that our population gene rally, and our fishermen in particular, are, with more or less reason, excited about the plague, I ask your aid in giving publicity to the following. It is well known that the spread of infectious diseases does not depend so much on the presence of germs as upon their meeting with suitable media in which to prepagate themselves.. A word of advice to ourlumpers and others. Dirty people, whose antipathy to fresh water is equal to that of the proverbial cat. form some of the most favourable. breeding places for the bubonic gbrms. Dailylwashing of the whole body with soap and water, or a daily bathe in the sea, is one of the best ,preventives of infection. Now as to the fishscare. Nature has pro vided in seawater, ,with its constituent chlorides, br?mides, iodides, etc., one of the most effective disinfectants known. Let bir' medical authorities ttake the experiment of seeing whether bubonio gerais thrive or die in sea water. Personally I shall be sur prised to hear- that they are able to live in the germ-destroying fluid with which a, beniflcent Creator has surrounded our; continent. As proof of the utility of personal cleanliness, the following state ment by 'a gentleman resident in Hong Kong during the prevaleneu of the plague there may be cited:-" The plague is essentially a filth-disease. Of the large number of soldiers engaged in cleaning the houses.. and quarters in which the Chinese had died by hundreds from the. plague, oily two contracted it. The ex planation of the immunity lies in the personal cleanliness exacted from the soldiers, and. the ,use, when necessary, of aperient medicine." Following this, I would ask, is it not possible for our authori ties to insist upon personal daily ablutions ? Or is it not time that respectable citizens, refused to purchase from, or to employ, those who cairy with them distinct in dications that they belong to the great unwashed? Possibly our police might'be instructed to serve suitable notices in English and other languages to such.- Yours, etc., S. B. Perth, April 13. 