Fragments Mrtriiages Spleadid raiu3 Golden Wedc3iug '? He's coming again*1 Tue Rev. W. H. Evans Ghosts and Hobgoblins. ' The Absent-Minded Beggar.' A tnurJer plot at Pretoria just uiouuvcicu iu nine Mr S Goldstein, tailor, has left Laura He intends to return to Victoria shortly Laura Horse Market on Thursday, August 23 Messrs Jas Spicar & Co, auctioneers Have you sent your passbooks to the Savings Bank head office for inspection ? '* Now, be a good boy ; say your prsyers, and don't forget to wash the back of i our neck.' General regret felt at Glare at the departure of the JRov C Frisby Smith for Mount Barker B'e worth Hiving '; nest Sunday afternoon. In the evening ' Is the Bible True ?'' ' Better is a little with righteous ness ihuu great revenues without right.' Mrs Campbell ('the mother of our respected Town Clerk,/, wiio is held in much affection in Laura, and who is in her 81st year, is in indifferent health The new shop built by Mr W Wilson, J.P., (now occupied by Messrs D Touchell & Son, fruiterers) is aa attractive addition to our street So is the shop built by the late Mr W J Bovrker, and occupied by. Miss Bowksr, fruiterer aud dressmaker The lecture by Rev W li Evans at Gladstone last Friday evening on. ?* Lord Roberts,' on behalf of the funds in aid of the renovation of the local Military Drill Shed, was greatly appreciated The proceeds were very satisfactory Important clearing sale of farm implements, &c;, at the farm of Mr R D McEwia, Waruertown, on Wednesday next, August 22, at 1 o'clock sharp Messrs Elder, Smith & Co., Ltd, the auctioneers Mr Richard bmith (father of the Rav C Frisby Smithy, wuo resided formerly at Laura, diod at Clare on Friday morning last The deceased gentleman (who was eighty years of age was an old resident of Watervale and Skilly For many years be was *mplo jedxm -biiw-^etite _jo'£. Sir- rWW. Hogbes at Skilly and later at Mitcham Gladstone folk gave Trooper E E Waruea a splendid reception on his retnrn to that town His Worship the Mayor (Mr W Hancock, J.P.) oa behalf of the to*n ' presented Trooper Warues with a handsome travelling bag aud pipe, and expressed the hope that the bag would be used by him iu profitable travelling, and that he would be able in future to smoke a Tempting offers for miners and mechanics to go to Sauth Africa The wages paid per day will be for miners 20s iu the Rand and 25s in Rhodesia, mechanics, carpenters, aud fitters 30s :er day, first-class certificated engine drivera 403 per day, «cond-class cer tificated engine-drivers 80s per daj A. few mino storekeepers will also be wanted at JE30 per mmth j The High Comniissi--ui-r of South Africa (Sir Alfred Miluer; warns ; persons against attempting at present j to proceed to the Transvaal Cape ' Town is now overcrowded. It will take a year before employment can reach the same level as before the war A gentleman recently addressed an audieuce in a northern town oh ' Ghosts,' The next morning he was seen hurrying down the main street of hi6 town with & formidable weapoa (to wit, a crowbar) across his shoulder. A wag suggests that he was haunted by the spectre of a departed bushranger or soinethiag else But this cannot be frne. The gentle man in qntistiou is believ*^ not -to have a pa tide of fear iu his com position, wuil-fc .is to hit belief in apparition i, well, ho will «ive his opiniou after he Jus actually seen one. de w.-ts simply bent on some practical work uneu aeeji with the crowb ir, '?Yet ere wj part, ona lesson I can giv»j you for evsry .Jay ; Be goad, sweet chili, aud let who will Do noble things, not dream all day long ;- And so make Life, Death, and that vast for ever One grand sweet song.' Mosses are meek creatures, the humblast and the lowlieso of tha green things that live ; creatures full of pity, covering with strange aud tender honour the scarred disgrace of rain unwearied, ever trying to change tho fitern, cold, ragged rocks into small cushions of velvet in appearance ; mosses perhaps cannot be gathered like flowers, yet the wild bird makes his nest :-f them, and the wearied child his pillow. — John Raskin in 'Modern Painters.' There are ia this loud stunning tide Of human care and crime, With whom the melodies abide Of the everlasting chime, Who carry music in their heart Through dusty lane and wrangling man Plying their daily tasks with busier feet Because their secret souls a holy strain repeat. Mr Mortimer Mempes, the painter, who went to South Africa, tells tha following story to a member cf the Daily Mail about tbe Right Hon. Cecil Rhodes:— 'Ob, Mr Rhodes.' sighed a poor fellow down with enteric, ' oh, what would I give for a drop of milk' ^then worth £5 a drop) ' Utnpb,' replied Mr Rhodes, in his grim, gruff way, « Umpb !' and he went away umphing The next day he came again, and after a few words slouched ont and nervously left a tiny mediciue bottle on tbe corner of tue table ?? Oh, 1 do love Mr Rhodes,' said the sick man ' See what he's brought me— it's milk' And so it was — value nnknown 