Straight Up and Down Religion. Sermon By Rev. Dr. Talmacb. . ''And tho Lord said unto me, Amos, what seest thou? and I said, A plumb- line." — Amos vii. 8. T HE solid masonry of the world has for mo a fascination. Walk about some of the triumphal arches and the cathedrals, | four or six hundred years old, and see them stand ! as erect ns when they were builded, walls of great height, for centuries not bending ' a quarter of an' inch this way or that. So greatly honoured were the masons Who builded these walls that they were free from taxation and called "free" 'ma- eons. The trowel gets most of the credit for these buildings, and its clear ringing on stone and brick has sounded across the ages. But there is another implement of just -as much importance as the trowel, and my test recognises it. Bricklayers and stonemasons and carpenters, in the building of walls, use an instrument made of a cord, at the end of which a lump of lead is fastened. They drop it over the side of the wall, and, as the plummet natu- , rally seeks the centre of gravity in the oarth, the workman discovers where the wall recedes, and where it bulges out, and just what is tho perpendicular. Our text represents God as standing on the wall of character which the Israelites had built, and in that way testing it. "And the Lord said unto me, Amos, what seest thou? and I said, A plumb-lino." What the world wants is straight up-and-down reli gion. Much of the so-called piety of tlio day bends this way and that, to suit the times. It is oblique, with a low state of sentiment and morals. Wo have all been building a wall of character, and it 'iB glaringlv imperfect and needs reconstruc tion. How shall it be brought into per pendicular? Only by the Divine measure ment-. "And. the Lord said unto mo, Amos, what seest thou? and I said, A plumb-line." Tho wholo tendency of the times is to make us net by tlio standard of what others do. We throw over the wall of our character tho tangled plumb- line of other lives, nnd reject the infallible / test which Amos saw. The question for me should not bo what you think is right, but what God thinks is right. This per petual reference to the behaviour of others, as though' it decided anything but human fallibility, is a mistake as wide as tho world. There are ten thousand plumb- lines in use, but only ono :is true and exact, nnd that iB the line of God's eternal right. There is. a mighty attempt being made to reconstruct and fix up tho Ten Command ments To many they seem too rigid. The tower of Pisa leans over about thir teen feet from tho perpendicular, and people go thousands of miles to see its graceful inclination, and learn how, by extra braces und various architectural con- trivuncos, it is kept leaning from century to century.' Why not have the ten granite blocks of Sinai set a little aslant? Why not bavo the pillar of truth a leaning ' tower? Why is not un ellipse as good as -a" square? Why is not an obliquo as good as straight up-and-down? My friends we must have a standard ; shall it' be God's or man's? 1\. The". Divine plumb-line heeds to be thrown .over all merchandise. Thousands of years ago Solomon discovered the ten dency of buyers to' depreciate goods. Ho saw a man beating down an article lower and lower, and saying it was net worth -tlie' price asked, and when he had pur chased at the lowest point he told every body, what a sharp bargain he hod struck, and how he had outwitted the merchant. "If is naught, saitli the buyer; but when lie is gone his way, then he boasteth" (Proverbs xx. 14). Society is so utterly askew in this matter that yoh seldom find a seller asking tho price that he expects .to get; he puts on a higher value than he expects to receive, knowing that he . will have to drop. He who stands up amid all tho pressure and does right is accom plishing something toward the establish ment of a high commercial prosperity. The pressure to do wrong is stronger from the fact that in our day the largo business Ileuses are swallowing up the smaller, the whales dining on blue-UBh and minnows. The .large houses undersell the small ones, because they buy in greater quantities and at lower figures from the producer. They can afford to make nothing! r actually lose, ou some styles of goods, assured they 1 can make it . up on others. . To feel right and do right under all this pressure re quires martyr grace, requires Divine sup port. requires celestial rc- inforceinent. Yet there uro tens of thousands of such men getting splendidly through. They see others gouig up and themselves going down, but they keep their patience and \- their courage and tlieir Christian consis- tency, and after awhile their success will come. There is generally retribution in some form for greediness. Tho owners of tho big houses will die and their boys will get possession of tho business, ana with a cigar in their mouths, and full to the chins with tho best liquor, and behind a pair of spanking bays, they will pass every thing on the turnpike road to temporal and eternal perdition. Then the business will break up, and tbe' smaller dealers will have fair opportunity. Taking things as they are, you will bo wise to preserve your equilibrium and your honesty and your faith, and throw over all tho counters and shelves and casks the .measuring line of Divine right. "And the Lord said unto me, Ainos, what seest thou? and I said, A plumb-line." 2\. In the samo way we need to rectify our theologies. All sort's of religions are putting forth their pretensions. Some have a spiritualistic religion, and their chief work is with ghosts, and others a religion of political economy, proposing to put an end to human misery by a new style of taxation, and there is a humanitarian -re ligion that looks after tlie bodies of men, and lets the soul look after itself, and thero is a legislative religiou that proposes to rectify all wrongs by enactment of bet ter laws, and there is an icstlielic religion that-, by rules of exquisite taste, would lift the heart out of its deformities, and religions of all sorts, religions by the peck, religions by the square foot, and religions by tho ton — all of them devices of the j devil that would take the heart away from I the only religion that- will ever effect any- | thing for the human race, and that is. the straight up-and-down religion written in tho book which begins with Genesis, and ends with Revelation, the religion, of the skies, the old religion, the God-given re ligion, the everlasting religion, .which says! "Love God above all, and. your;-neighbonr as yourself." All religions but one begin at the wrong end and in the wrong place. The Bible religion demands that we first .get right with God. It begins at the top and measures down, while the other re ligions begin' at the bottom nnd try to measure up. They stand at the foot of tho wall, up to thoir knees in the mud of human theory and speculation, and have a plummet and a string tied fast to it; and they throw . the plnmmct this . way and break a head here, and throw tho plummet another way and break a head there, and then they throw it up, and it comes down upon tli'iir own pate. Fools ! Why stand at tho foot of the wall rectifying up, when you ought to stand at tire top rectifying down? 3\. My text gives me a grand opportunity of saying a useful word to all young men who are now forming habits for a life time. Of what use to a stonemason or a. bricklayer is a plumb-line? Why not build the wall by the unaided eye and hand? Because they are insufficient, because if there be a deflection in the wall it cannot further on be corrected. Because, by tho law of gravitation, a wall must be straight in order to be symmetrical and safe. A young man is in danger of getting a defect in his wall of character that may never be corrected. Remember that the wall may be one hundred feet high, and yet a deflec tion one foot from the foundation affects tho entire structure. And - if you live a hundred years and do right the last eighty years, you may nevertheless do something at twonty years of age that will damage all your earthly existence. All you who have built houses for yourselves or for others, am I not right in saying to these young men, you cannot- build a wall so high ns to be independent of tho charac ter of its foundation? A man before thirty years of age may commit enough sin to last him a lifetime. Now, John- or George or Henry, or whatever .be your Christian name or surname, say here anil now, "No wild oats for me, no cigars or cigarettes for me, no wine or beer for me, no nasty stories for me, no Sunday sprees for me; I am going to start right nnd keep on right. God help me, for I .am' very weak. From the throue of etemul righteousness, lot down to me the principles by whioh I can he guided in building everything from foundation to capstone. Lord ' God, by the wounded hand of Christ throw me a plumb-line." " But," you say, " you shut us young', folks out from all fun." Oh, ho! I like fun. I believe in fun. I havo had lots of it in my time. But I have not had to go into paths of sin to find it. No credit to mo, but because of an extraordinary parental Oxumple and influence I was kept from outward trans gressions, though' my heart was bad enough nnd desperately wicked. I have had fun illimitable, though I never swore one oath and never gambled for so much ns the value of a pin, und never saw the inside of a haunt of sin, save as when, many years ago, with a commissioner of police nnd a detective, and two elders of my church, I explored New York and Brooklyn by midnight— not out of , curi osity, nut that I might in pulpit discourse set before the people the poverty and the horrors of underground city life. Yet, though I was never intoxicated for an in stant, and never committed one aat of dis soluteness — restrained otily by the grace of God, without which restraint I would have gone headlong to the. bottom of in famy— I h»«o had so much fun that I don't believe thero is a man on tha planet at tho present time who has .had more. Hear it, men and boys, women and girls— oil the fun is on tho sido of right. Sin may seem attractive, but it is deathful, like the manehinecl tree, whose dews are poisonous. The only true happiness is in a Christian life. Oh, this plumb-line of tho everlast ing right ! God will throw it over all our lives to show ns our moral deflections, and over all churches to show whether they are doing useful work or are instances - of idle ness and pretence! He will throw that plumb-line over all nations to demonstrate whetbor their. lawB are just or cruel, their rulers good or bad, their ambitions holy or infnmous. God is now throwing that .plumb-lino over this nation, and. it -is. a solemn time with us, and whether we keep His Sabbaths or .dishonour them, whether. I righteousness or. iniquity dominate, wbc- 1 ther we are . Christian or infidel, whether I we fulfil our mission or refuse, wliether we | are for God or ' against Him, will decide' whether we shall as a nation go on in I higher nnd higher' career- or go. down in the some grave where Babylon and Nine veh and Tbcbes are sepulchred. '(But," I say you, "if there be nothing but a plumb- 1 line, what can any of us do? for. there is I an old proverb whioh truthfully- declares, I ' If the best man's faults were written on I his forehead, it would make him pull his I hat over his eyes.' What shall we do I when, according to Isaiah, .'God shall lay judgment to tho line, and righteousness to I the plummet'?" Ah,' here is .where ; the Gospel conies in with a Saviour's righteous- 1 liess to niako up for our deficits. And while j I seo hanging on the wall a plumb-line, 1 1 see also hanging there a cross: And while I the ono condemns us, the other, saves ns, I if only we will hold to it. Ob, sick,, and I diseased, -and sinning, and dying, why go ! trudging all the world over ond seeking | here and there relief for your discouraged spirit, when closo by and at your very feet and at the door of your heart— ay, within the very estate of your own con- I sciousness — the healing waters of eternal j life may be had, and had this very- mi nute? Blessed bo God that over against I the plumb-line that Amos sow is the cross of Jesus Christ, through the emancipating power of which you and I may- live, and I live for. ever I . I 