CLEANED OUT A CIRCUS. Major Henry A. Newman broke into another of his characteristic stories the last time he was in town, says the "St. Louis Republic." This is the way he told it, and there were present half a dozen to vouch for its truthfulness. "Away back in '58 or '59 there lived an old fellow by the name of Sumpter, who was a neighbour of mine. He had been the Creek war under been Jackson, and one of his relatives had been killed in the massacre at Fort Mimms. He had a great and undying hatred of Indians, and was very bitter in his denunciation of them at all times. He was tall, iron grey, and well preserved for his age. He made tubs, half-bushel measures, &c.;, and made a mere living at this occupation. I gave the old man the title of 'General' of which he was very proud. "Frank Perrine, a neighbour of mine, who has since died, and myself, opened our hearts and hands and agreed to 'take the General' to a circus at my town, Huntsville, Mo. We purchased the tickets and gave him some odd change to buy lemonade. The 'General,' Frank and myself took a lower seat. Now, the circus had a detachment of about twenty Indians, who came in with war paint and feathers and danced the green corn, the ghost dance, and other Indian per- formances, and then performed a scalping scene. "It was very realistic. A white woman rode into the ring with an Indian holding a tomahawk and scalping knife in close pur- suit. Round and round the ring they flew, the Indian gaining on the white maiden whose black hair hung in glossy waves down her back. She acted her part well, and was apparently much frightened. "The Indian grabbed the woman and dragged her from the horse, threw her down, and scalped her. He held up the wig, all dripping with blood—Venetian red. A thrill of horror penetrated the audience. General Sumpter's blood was up, and, before Frank and myself could restrain him, rushed into the ring and with his hickory stick felled the Indian to the ground. The remaining Indians closed around the 'General,' but his 'dander' was up. "The Indians commenced falling asleep under his repeated blows as fast as they did at the 'Horse Shoe.' Frank and myself rushed into the ring to bring the 'General' out. The crowd was yelling with delight, thinking it part of the show. Above the yells of the combatants could be beard the loud laugh of Forked Eyed Adams, a well-known character from the Chariton divide, who could laugh so loud that it was said it killed the mosquitoes on the Chariton river a mile off. "As Frank grabbed the 'General' a big burly showman knocked him down. The old clown made at me. I was an athlete in those days. I dodged him and gave him a right hander on the nose and sent him out of the ring. At that moment an Indian struck me over the head with a stuffed war club and sent me to the sawdust. The 'General' sent him on top of me with a club that was not stuffed. Several of our friends rushed in to help us, but the darned fool crowd yet believed it part of the show, and were enjoying it hugely. Forked Eyed Adam's laugh was heard above the war cries of the Indians, and the old 'General' was yelling at the top of his voice, 'Hurrah for Gen. Jackson and Davy Crockett.' "I finally got hold of the clown, and Frank grabbed theGeneral, and matters were adjusted without actual murder being com- mitted. Frank carried away a black eye and I had a knot as big as a hanging bird's nest over my right ear. The next year we declined to take the 'General' to the circus." 