Lueky Turf Tips. Many sporting men are very superstitious, and attach much importance to . trifling omens. A story is told of a Birmingham gunmaker who backed Daniel O'Rourko, the winner of the Derby in 1852, solely through seeing his son reading a book entitled 'Daniel O'Eourke's Voyage to the Moon.' 'I took the tip at once;' he would say when talking of the incident, and he was successful. Another gentleman once backed Ellington, who won the Derby of '56, from the' fact that he happened to see the ' W ' iUj'the word 'Wellington ' obscured by the band of a dock placed. over the door of a London restaurant'. It is also told of a com mercial traveller that he backed Doncas'ter through the simple expedient of writing the horses' names on pieces of paper, rolling them into pellets, throwing them against the wall; arid backing the 'one whioh rebounded farthest, and which, as it happened, held the name of the winner of , the Derby of 1874. A1 nautical man backed the Epsom and Met ropolitan double. Steward and Skipper in 1 896 because he'bacPfaith in sons of the sea. Tb^'e'winner of this year's Metropolitan, Be vtyer, was tipped' by aNo'wra'tur'f 'crank on tlie final letter theory that as Malster won the Derby' the last two letters reminded the thirsty bookies of the need 'of a reviver, after shouting themselves and clients hoarse. The same prophet tipped Forest, the 50 to 1 Njejvmarket winner of 1899, because the first two betters and the two final ones were also thejjaiit and first (Fo and,St), in Standoff, winner of the Oakleigli Plate, but as He was albjroker then he^derived no pecuniary profit from, haBrp-ogno'apieiSoe, and; is stiirst'auding off.' The most sensible system, perhaps, of backing horses is, to pick the last that leaves tHs'paddock— the Bible tip,' The lost shall b'Wfirst.' ''-'' ?*' ' :' ?' ' -? It is said that the population of the world iuoreaseB 10 per cent, every ten years. ','in China, 12£ miles, from the 'village of Liun-chek, ..there ? , is a mountain of alum, wliich, 'in addition' to' being a natural curiosity, is a source of wealth for the in habitants of the country, who dig from it yearly tons of the double sulphate. ? '? A ourious Btoryis related by the Montana porrespondent.of a New York journal to the effect that at Great ' Falls a wedding was about to take place between Lillian Meier ahd;Gtiristqpher Schmidt, but the bride changed her mind at the altar and married the best man, Joseph Kunz.~ She said she had decided not to marry Schmidt, as she loved the beat man more, and he loved her. Schmidt was angry at first, but for 65dol he hnally agreecKo give up his role of bride groom and act as beBt man. Then the cere mony was proceeded with. The cat has served to teach mankind an all- important lesson concerning the working of the stomach. The X rays scientifically directed upon a cat's stomach have demon strated that any irritation or disagreeable nervous excitement arrests the process of digestion. In India, mounted . officers travelling by rail on temporary pay may, if they prefer it, take a bicycle with them at Government ex pense in lieu of a charger. An illustration of the marvellous growth of land values in London was given at tho publio inquiry into the St. Mary-le Strand parish charities. A gift of land left in the year 1667 by Alice Lpyeday, of the then year value of £7, now produces £2257 per ^BPr. There are many men. afraid of ghosts who are, not afraid of spirits. ? A tour round the world is an excellent way of completing one's oducation. A generous Frenohnian is so convinoed of this faot that for tho last three years ho.bas sent tho sum of 75,000 francs to the authorities of tho Paris University to provide five purses for students to take a trip round the world. The head of the Postal Department at Gibraltar is a woman, who has occupied the position for ton years. She receives a Balary of £650 per annmn, being the .highes'Tpaid woman in . the Post Office service. Colonel William Siddons Youug, who is a great-grandson of Mrs Siddons, has presented the British Museum with an interesting relio of the great octrois, in ihe Bhapb of a gold and tortoise-shell snuff box, which was given to her by George IV. 