CHAPTER XI.-A WORMHOLE IN ..THE OAK. Jenny's tone and Jenny's 'eyes both -invited Tristram to suspect a secret and ask a question. "What do you miean?" he said, quietly, as they walked side by side into a quiet street. "Well, if I'd been left to myself after what happened that night, don't you think I'd have made it pretty lively for some people? They thought so. And that's why I disappeared. You see, sir, Count KIorns had a story he 'wanted to tell about that night, and it wouldn't have suited him to have me on the scene till the Etorm had blown over. a little. I didn't know then what the story would be, of course, though I was sure there'd be something, and some thing plausible, too. Indeed, I never heard the rights of it until to-day, for, if you'll believe me, sir, never since that night last December have I set foot in Vienna till this morning." "'Where were you then?" questioned Tristram. "In tile Tyrol, at Count Kornis's castle there." "Do you mean that he kidnapped you?". ' "Just that, sir, or ga'e orders that it should be done. You .remember that beast of a hunchback?" "I either saw one that night or dreamt of him in delirium when I lay ill after .wards; I was never quite sure which." "Why, it was he who stabbed you, sir,' in the back. Afterwards he rolled you over on your face, and ran you through with a long, sharp thing again. I was gagged and my feet tied together with my own long vell by that time, but I saw (for it would have been inconve nlent to kill me and get rid of my body there,while they could account for yours easily enoughl); and, though I was so sick at the sight that I nearly fainted then, I reasoned It all out afterwards. The Count wanted to pretend you'd been 'killed in fair fight, so you had to have a wound in your breast, not your back. 'That little hunchback brute could never have touched you if he hadn't sprung on you unawares from behind, as he did; so the other wound had to be given'afterwards. When there was time to.attend to me, I was drugged with iome vile, pungent stuff they had, and the'next thing I knew I woke up In a house.. :There was a doctor,' who sEld I was mad.' He and Count Kornls wdre talking in the room, and I heard the wretch telling the doctor that I was one of his servants, who had had a fit, and behaved in strange ways, which he described. The doctor looked in my eyes, pulling up my.lids, and pronounced some long words which I couldn't under \--stand. I began talking .about what had happened that night-but it only made matters worse, for I was so ex cited, it must have sounded like gib berish. The upshot of it was that I. was put into a grent Jaket,-wtlih long sle'~ves.that-bntekled round my waist at :,?ttie back. That did nearly drive me out '3'-of my senses, and I must have been like a wild thing when I was taken off in the railway train, screeching out to everybody in English to help me, that I wasn't mad, and they were going to murder me. I can understand some Gar mien, you know, though I can't talk it much; and if anyone asked questions, I ,ra-aslways a poor servant of Count C von Kornis, who was so good that he i was going to pay all my expenses at the famous private' asylum near Windisch Mattrel, In the Tyrol. "But they didn't take me there at all Instead, we branched off on a small local "' railway line; were met at last by a big, '. kIold-fnishloned carriage, and driveli for Smiles and miles, till we came to a wild place among the mountalns - great red mountains that stood up like nutedles and spikes and spires. As soon asI saw the ca.tle. I recognised it from a photograph in the Princess Falconberg's boudoir in Vienna --Count Kornis's castle in the Dolomite Mountains, as my blessed Lady Mary had told me the day I saw ihe picture. 'It meas the haunchbacked dwarf and a servant who brought me there. The housekeeper and all the others were made to believe the same story I'd heard them tell curious folk at the railway stations and in-the train. I was a housemaid from the Count's place in Vienna: my head had gone queer, and the doctor said I must have quiet and country air if 1 was to get well. So the master had gen erously sent me to Schloss lKorni.s- that's the name of the castle-to recruit. I was to be watched, that I neither escaped nor did myself or anyone else a mLlhief; but, so far. I was apparently harntlcss. I think the Count's Idea was that he'd keep meout of the way until he'd iad time to tell his own side of the story, and get people to believe it so firmly that the ideas he'd planted in their heads couldn't be uprooted by an Insignificant person 392 Ilks nib. If..I'd come forward at first with my tale, when all Vienna was in a ferment about the queer doings among their aristocracy that night at Falcon berg, I might have got a hearing. Bht afterwards he didn't need to be so much afraid of anything I could do or say. es pecially as what I should tell about his sending me to the Tyrol, and detaining me there would sound too far- fetched to be true. But, then, there's the proverb about some things being too strange not to be true, and this is one of them. The Count thought you were sure to die, and, of course, he bribed all the people who san anything that night, so that it did seem as if there'd be no one to contradict him except me --a servant against a rich and powerful nobleman. "Anyhow. I was watched closely by tihe people at Korniss for months. I couk. go almost anywhere in the house I liked, but I was never allowed outside, unless when I was told that I might walk in the kitchen garden, with the head gar dener's wife-a stupid, fat thing, with out a word of English. Nor could any of them understand a great deal, and I used to pretend I didn't know as much German as I really did, in the hope that they'd be careless and say something wrhich it might be important to over hear." " There was nothing of that EOrt, though, for a long time, until one day, about a fortnight ago, I heard the house keeper talking to the butler about the 'blue room It was time for a yearly cleaning, and site was dreading it, be cause, I managed to make out, all the maids were afraid of the place, thinking It was haunted; and even she, old woman as site was, wasn't fond of going In there after twilight. Afterwards, when they got as far in their house-cleaning as the blue room, which had been left till the last, the servants were whispering; and putting this and that together, I found out that in the blue room every one of the Count's three wives had died. "I was wanting badly to find some solid proof against him for his villainies, and though I didn't just see, even then, that I was any nearer to it, I determined that by hook or by crook I'd get into that blue room and be there alone. All the ghosts in the Tyrol couldn't scare me out of the notion! , "L made the women-servants under stand I was'willlng to'help them with the cleanling and as they'hated "the:job In the blue room they were glad enoughl of the offer. I worked so well that it seemed the place might be finished in one day instead of two; only nobody swould wait after the sun stopped shining through the little narrow, deep-set windows. I'd stay and finish by myself, said I, in my broken German, if it took me till 12 o'clock. "There wasn't any difficulty about letting me do that, for the prposal I couldn't be a trick to escape, since the I windows were higl and overlooked a mountain torrent, tearing over the rocks I and stones like a mad thing, from the ] gorges. "I don't know what I expected to find, 1 spring rains and the snow melting In the 1 if 1 really expected anything; but when I I was left alone there wasn't a crack or a cranny of that oak-panelled room I I didn't examine. It was just the sort of i place- to look for a secret door, if nothing worse; and thinks I to myself, maybe, t when the Count has spent a wife's ( money, and wanted to be looking round for another lady with another fortune, he I sneaked into the blue rooti from some hidden entrance that nobody knew about, while the poor creature was asleep, and I murdered her. r"The only thing against that (for any- 1 thing might happen in such a house as Kornis,) was what I'd heard the ser vants at Prince Falconberg's say, when I they gossiped about Count Kornis and I his attentions to my lady. All his wives had apparently died natural deaths;` so that, though people talked, nothing 1 really could be said against him. "But I wasn't stopped exploring, while r Ilhad the chance, by that, sir, you may well believe; though soon I got feeling a bit creepy as the shadows came crawl ing into the big, low room, and there were queer little cracking sounds in the walls and all about, as if, in case you t turned quick enough, you'd see some- I thing standing rlghtlDehlna' ydu:' But by the time you did turn, it always 'seemed to have just scuttled away! "I was polishing the oak walls with an oiled rag, for the housekeeper was as I particular about the blueroom, though no one ever slept there apy more,: as about any other room.in the eastle. " The oak panels went all the way up to the ceilinng which, luckily for-me, was very loin; aind I could reach it with my rag, standing on the step-ladder I.had to use. The wood I was so old - hundreds and hundreds of 1 years, no doubt - that it had got worm eaten, and there were a good many little I holes, some of them choked up with dust. At last I came to one, exactly like a lot of others, only a bit deeper, maybe; and al the bottom, when I poked the tip of my little finger In (as I had with the rest, hoping against hope for something out of the common) there was a small lump that felt like metal. I couldn't pick it out with my nail, and I pressed. It went down, I fancled,'and I pressed again. That did the trick, sir! A crack opened in the wall just as if it had been a fairy story, or one of those creepy old novels by a woman called Radeliffe I once C found at my grandfather's farmhouse. I pushed my hand into the crack. and it widened, without any noise at all-Just t a slipping of the panel behind another one; along a groove where thle wall Joined the floor.. I do believe, sir, not a doul would have come across that tiny metal nob but me; for who would have thought of it, unless they were working fot someone they loved? I didn't know then what had happened to my poor darling, so I'd hanve given my life, Mr •Tristram, to stumble on some wicked I secret of the Count's which should save her from marrying him; and you can see I wasn't leaving a stone unturned. "The door in thle panel was so narrow I could just slip through. I was :ather scared of wihat I might find on tile other side, for it wnas dark as a pocket there; but I wouldn't be a coward. Whgp.r'a squeezed into the cupboaraOdorwhatever it was-I lighted a match from the box I I'd stolen from tile housekeeper, anda peered all round. I was in a queer little nook, not as big as a fair-sized ward robe, narrow and long; only the length was tile way of the wall, in the room outside. But there were shelves, and there was a table. And on both were a I lot of bottles and strange-looking glass things, exactly like those Prince Falcon lerg keeps Inwhlat-he calls his'labora tory.' (Thie Prince is a sort of amateur doctor, you know, and is always dosing the servants if they have an ache or pain, for they don't dare refuse, for fear of offending him, whn he offers.) On the shelves were books, most of thlem in quite modern, new-looking blndings. big, uninteresting volumes, about dis eases and medicines. There was a dark wig on a shelf, too, and sme bromish - grease-paint, likte actors use, and a prliest's soutane. I kept lighting match after match to see all thlese thintgs, but I wans't silly enough to drop thesn about. I kept them in my hands when they'd burnt too low, and at last put them into my pocket. "I opened somne of the books, and whose name do you think was writ:en Inside most of them?" "Count Kornis. I suppose." answered Tristram, who hlad followed every word Jenny had spoken with thile keenest at tention. For lie lhad begun to think, more than ever, that Destiny had had a Ihald In this meeting tio-nighti. He ihall made up his mind, if necessary. even to let the train go wilthout him. Only Ilis impatience had urged th- joutl ney lie wished to take, at so early an hourl; for at iall events lie could not possiblly see tile persons sbwhon he wished to see until afternoon of tile next day. "No, sir, not Count Kornios name!" cried Jenny. Some had no name in them, and no doubt they were his, but Stile most had come to thle Count from Prince Falconberg, his cousin and great friend. On the table wsas a nlotebook, it almost filled with writing in the Prince': hand, which I have seen more than once, c and could not mistake, 'as it is very peculiar. It was all In German, and I t couldn't make out much; but there wao something about experiments with bac teria-and even I know what 'bacteria' is, for I do read the newspapers. I saw a lot about 'typholdal bacteria,' and one of tie queer glass things on the table was labelled so. "I'd have taken the notebook away if I dared. I don't mean that I would have been afraid to do it, for myself. I wouldn't have felt afraid of anything that might have helped my dear little mistress. But Count von IKornis was I coming to the castle in a week with some men, friends of his, and I thought, if he came into this little place and dis covered that something so valuable was gone, he'd guess at once that he was watched, and be on his guard. As it was. lie wouldn't dream that anybody was on the track of his secrets, and he'd feel safe, as he evidently had before, thait his things were in the securest hid ing place possible. "?esides, it would be far better if I rculd escape and tell what I had seen; then take someolne to the cupboard in the wall, and show all the proofs, just as I had found them." "Proofs of what, Jenny?" asked Tris tram, wondering if her thoughts and his were turning in the same direction. "Why, sir, I remembered the different . sicknesses- that had caused the death of 'lluebeard's' three wives; and on the table were signs that he'd been cultivat ing bacteria for the making of every one. There was even some virus of hydropho b!a-a horrid idea, but I couldn't help its coming into my head, and there it's bean ever since.' Besides, the Prince's books about doctoring, and his notes, set me thinking about a different branch of the same thing, Mtr Tristram. He's such a great friend of the Count's, you know, and there's nothing the Count asks of him, apparently, that he won't try to do. Of course, there's always a lot of talk in the servants' hall, especially where the master and mistress aren't liked. I used to hear a good deal of that sort of thing in Vienna, at the'Prince's house. They used to wonder what the tie between their master and his cousin could be-for it wasn't only kinship: and, though the two men were so much together, somehow they didn't seem particularly fond of one another: ,- ' - '!That was just the question to Interest me, on Lady Mary's account. But I couldn't turn the key of the puzzle, any more than the others could, though I was a bit sharper-witted, perhaps-and had a motive, too. All I could light on in their past was that Count Kornis, who had a lot of political Influence, had helped the Prince In that way; and I thought, per haps, he was to be given Lady Mary and her money as a reward. But now I think differently. I think Prince Falconberg by his knowledge, helped Count Kornls to get rid of his wives. The Count would be sure to keep every proof, so that the Prince could never turn on him. What political ht:p he could give, he did; and I shouldn't wonder if, when Count Kor nis had got Lady Mary, he wouldn't have handed over some of her money to Prince Falconberg, who isn't as rich as he ought to be, with the grand appearance he has to keep up, and his wife's' extravagance. Oh, it was just like coming on a hornet's nest, and having all, the. wicked tliings buzzing and stinginging about one's ears, only to think of It! But I made up my mind there and then, sir, that now rd got hold of something more or less definite to tell, not wild horses themselves should keep me much longer at Kornist. "After that day I watched my chances of escape twice as anxiously as I had be fore. The servants had begun to trust me, seeing how dull and indifferent I seemed, and I wasn't looked after as sharp as at first. Besides, everyone was busy getting ready for and expecting the grand folks, and had something to think about before they thought of me. "One day, when all the rest were at early dinner, I pretended to have a head 'ache, and went to my room as if to lie down. I shared it with one of the maids (who used to be afraid of me when I first came, thinking I was mad), and I stole a peasant dress of hers out of her box, so that if I got off the description of the clothes I was wearing wouldn't really be the right one. "That same night my chance came. I hadn't a penny, but I'd contrived to hide a few little ornaments out of the draw ing-room (I kneiv it was stealing, in a way, sir. but I've got money in-the sar Ings bank in England, and I mean to send hack value for everything:I was obliged to take.) In a lonesome spot in the parkI put on poor Moydel's frock, and made a bundle of my own, not wearing them again till I c',.nged to-day. Sometimes I got a lift with a cart, sometimes I walked; sometimes I hid for a whole day; I pre tended to be dumb, hoping people wouldn't guess I was English; and when I came to a town I pawned the things I'd brought away from the Castle, so I got twenty or thirty marks, and could travel by rail for a while. (To be Continued): 