Thocch Convebsatioxal is Reteos * PECHTE. Jf RURALLY of an inquiring mind, and being peculiar ly Interested in the person Trhom he had c n c o un tered under such romantic cir cu instances, Somerset 'd e termined to go to the foun tain-head for information. That fountain head was Job Endell, and the way to make it flow freely was to pour ardent spirits into it. So that very day Somerset beguiled the old sea-dog on board the little yawl, took him down to the tiny cabin, where there was a supply of excellent whisky, aud when, under the influence ol several drains, Job iras beginning (o grow talkative, prepared for bis cross-examination. . "You don't- keep stuff like tliat ashore, Jobt" ho said, refilling Job's glass from a fast-ebbing bottle. Job grinned aiid shook bis bead. " We've no call for it, mister," be replied. "The customer^ who come our way ain't.01 much account, and don't know good dnnk from bad. It's a poor place, Convey Island, 0 rotten poor place, and if. it rrasnt for stray gentry like you and Mister Button •twouldn't hardly be worth my while to keep the place going. Lord, when I think of the times I've had, and the things1 I ve seen, afore X settled down in this ere WUdcr ness, I feel inclined to curse and swear. "I don't wonder." • "Why, just look round you, sir. What 13 there to see, year's end to year's end? Only mud and sand and brackish water, the marshes this side, the river that side, and the ships a-going past like ghosts, outward and homeward bound. Shut up with the old woman like a toad in the hole, and me • still hale and hearty, as fond of a bit of fun as ever.' No doubt its' dismal enough," said Somerset, lighting a cigar. "If you find it <fo, what must that young girt think, who lives with you and the mistress?' The old man shrtfgged his shoulders. "Well, you see she's only a gel, and gels is different," he remarked, then with a wink of the eve, and a crafty look he added: "I~see you've taken notice on her, Mr. Somerset!" ., ^ t .. " Of course I have, said Somerset, smil ing. " Petticoats arc scarce hereabouts, yon see!" " Job leant forward with his bands on Ins knees, acid grinned significantly. \ • "You'd better not let the old-woman see you looking at her! She looks artcr bcr. wonderful sharp does the o!d woman, and so docs 1 for that matter, for a bargain's a' bargain. You see, sir, Anniedromedy's under our care, and we've got to sec no harm comes to her."- *' "A relation, Psuppose?" . " Well, she's a sort of a kind of a relation - of the .missis's, not of inine." "Lived with you long?" " Four or five rears oh and off," answered Job, dryly. "If you'll promise to keep it dark, I don't mind telling you a secret. ' Well, it's this way f Anniedroniedy's a sort of a orphan—without father or mother— what's more, no one knows, and no one ever will know, what stock she sprung from. She. was born out there at sea, and they chris tened her arter the ship on which she was found. Annicdromedy was the ship's name, and Anniedromedy's hers; though we calls - her Annie for short, as you're aweer." "What you tell me is awfully interesting,", said Somerset, disguising his eager curiosity . under a careless languor. "Fill up your glass." "No, no, I've had enough, mister," re turned Endell, chuckling. > " Nonsense! A seasoned old salt like you 1 Why, there isn't a headache in a whole' ; hogshead of this whisky!" ' " Well, just another thimblefall, and then I must get- ashore.* You was asking about Anuiedromedy, and wondering no doubt how she came to Convey Island? Well,Til tell ye; but mind, not a word of this to the old woman." Of course not1" " Nigh on twenty years ago, when I was ^ still going afloat, and the missis was keeping a lodging-house for sailors over there in Gravesend, a relation of hers, sort , of a second cousin, one Matt Watson, come home arter a long woyage- He'd been to South - Ameriky, and round the Horn, and then, % coming back, had been shipwrecked 011 the Sct shores of Patagonia. He was only a Jad ' ^ then, was Matt, but *s born devil as ever . you see, fearing nothink under the sun, as l ^ blade as a Cuban, and as ready as any fur-. rcigner for to draw a knife." % "Well?" ' ; ♦» "Well, sir, this 'ere Matt Watson had a §' sister—a single woman, living along shore at Northfleet, and this aster o* course was a pal of my missis's. One morning, 'just arter Matt come back, the missis goes over to make a call and she finds Matt's sister, Lisa was her name, LizaAYatson, a-sitting by the fire and missing a Irid—a little black- . eyed babby about a year old. • Lord save us/ said the missus', 'who's kid's that? not-*-"8* yourn?' Liza laughed. 'No, it ain't mine/ she says, 'it's Matt's!' 'Then/ says my missus"' ydu don't mean-to tell me as Matt is married!' Liza, she laughed again. ' No, he ain't married,' she said, 'but all the'samo this is Matt's Irid, and I'm a-goin' to keep it for him1/ Now I needn't tell you, sir, for you knows my old woman, that sho was alius werry particular! She bridles up and cries out that Matt ought to be ashamed of • hisself, and at that moment in comes Matt r - hisself, grinning like & monkey." "Go on," said Somerset, "I begin to understand, "the child was—" " Jest you give me time," said Endell, with a tipsy chuckle. "In comes Matt, ; swaggering, his eyes like coals, his black hair tumbling over his head, his sailor's . ; knife in his belt—and when the missus turned on him and began abusing of him he laughed and smacked her on the shoul der. Then it came out that the young devil had sailed hack on a ship loaded with cattle from South Ameriky and canying • a few steerage passengers homeward bound; and among them passengers was a young woman who shipped at Buenos Ayres, who was dreadful bad with some sort of a fever, and who died one night, giving birth to that kid. No one knowed who she was, except Unit her name was entered in lb® # chip's books as ' Mary Costello,' uor where ehe came from, or where she was going, and sho'd only d handle with her with a few clothes, and no money; and when'they sewed her up in her canvas shroud and dropped her over the vessel's side, there, -was a hend of her. But the puzzle was j what to do-with the babe she'd left behind her." ; "A little girl?" .j " Right you are, a little gel, and to cut . a long story short, that little gel was ' Anniedromedy." ■ | ."I guessed as much." I "They was a rough lot aboard that ship, but they had the little 'un christened, and the name they give her was the name of the ship as she was bora on, the Anniedro medy. Another poor woman nussed her and looked arter her till they come to Ply • ■ mouth, and landed the cargo and passen gers and paid off the crew. Then the puzzle was what to do with the little 'un. .She'd no home, and no friends, and no be-, longings, d'ye see?—and Lord knows what would ha* become on her if that wild deTil, Matt Watson, hadn'trup and volunteered to take her and adopt her and give her io his sister to be brung up by hand!" "He* did that!" exclaimed Somerset. ' "He must have been a good fellow!" " Good in his 'art, sir, good in his 'art!" murmured the old man patronisingly. t "Alios free with his pay, and kindly to women-folk, though a savage chap when he lost his temper among men. Now you'll . never guess what first drawed him to the little kid, and made him take the fancy to bring her up. It was this, blister Som erset. Arter the poor mother was put over board, and they was looking at the little gel, one of the women Iarfs and says, * Why, she's the very moral of yourself, mqte, an' you might ha* been her daddy !*- And, sure enough, 'twas so; for she'd black eyes like liis, and blacker eyebrows, and she was dark and wild-looking as a little imp o* the sea. Well, somehow that pleased Matt, : and he ktook to the kid from that minute forrard, and from that , day to this he's been her best friend." . The old man rose a little unsteadily, and muttering something to himself about the " old woman," made his way *on deck. Somerset followed, his curiosity only whet ted by what- he had heard! The tide was out,. and. the little yawl had taken the ground, so that "it was just possible to scramble over her side and walk ashore across the mud. "Finish your story, Job!" said Somer set,.as they stood on deck. "What be . came of the child afterwards?" . " Why, she grew and she grew," answered the old man, " till she come to be what you now see her! Liza Watson reared her and Matt ke-paid the piper, coming and going . from his work at sea. Then, close on five year'ago, when Anniedromedy was a dark slip of a gel, Liza died sudden, and Matt, he come ashore arter a long voyage the werry day o* the burying, and finds Annie dromedy a-crying in the empty lodging. Just about that time I'd inwested my sav ings in the Lobster Smack, atfd one day, as I was a-sitting at the door smoking my . pipe, up comes Matt Watson, and the gel foiicnug.him, looking full o* trouble.? He . nods to me and he'goes in and talks to the missus. They was a long time talking to gether, and when I went in to look arter \- them I found 'twis all settled that Annic '• dromedy was to stay under my old woman's care, while Matt went back to sea." " Then you were -not consulted?" " Oh, yes, I was," answered Elide!!, with \a wink, "when it come to business. We couldn't afford to board and lodge a stran ger for nothing, and I settled the terms, money down. But, mind vou, Matt^didn'c go afloat again for nearly a year arter that, and afore he sailed away there was rum doings down here and up in Gravesend. Don't ax me any more, though, for I ain't a-going to tell you. All the rest*onsarns only Anniedromedy, myself, and my old woman.'! " • He was scrambling' over the yacht's side, when Somerset detained him byplacing his hand on his shoulder. ■** Only one question, Job. Where's that sailor fellow now?" Endell looked up with a doleful shake of the head. "That's the puzzle, mister,":he replied. "It's over four year since he went away on his last voyage, and since that time we've heard no word on him. I doubt he's dead and drownded, though the missus she alius holds he'll come back. I'wish he would, and pay me what he owes me! Meantime, you see, here's the gel on our hands, and Lord knows what we're to do with her, seeing she's neither kith nor kin of ours." Away he floundered across the mud, leav : ing Somerset thoroughly puzzled and amazed. The young man had tapped the fountain indeed, and discovered nearly everything he desired to know. When all was told, how ever, Annie herself remained as great , a mystery as ever! The child of an unknown woman, born miserably on shipboard, chris tened unconventionally on the deep sea, adopted by a savage sailor lad, brought home to England like a monkey or a parrot, to be reared in a lodging along shore, and __ then finally left, a maiden all forlorn, on CanVey Island! It was a strange tale, ren "dered still stranger and more wonderful by \- the singular beauty of the girl. The reader has doubtless gathered by this timo that .Somerset was a highly volatile yoimg gentleman, prone to follow his own ; amusement with a somewhat reckless disre ^ gard of consequences. In following and opening up an acquaintance with the young ; girl of the inn, his idea was merely to pass j the time and enjoy a little innocent flirta-1 tion. It never-occurred to Him that the consequences might be serious; for, to do him justice, he was not vain enough to fancy himself a lady-killer or a man capable of awakening a grand passion. . Nor was he, with'all his frivolity, addict ed to coarste and degrading amours. . He was simply a good-looldng and somewhat feather-brained young fellow, who took life lightly, and knew little or nothing of its stormier emotions; romantic, of course, in an casy-hearted way, but Terr little in clined to lose his Heart irretrievably. In fact, if the truth must be told, his matri monial arrangements had been already made for him in connection with a near branch of his own family, and he had no intcntiou whatever, at the time of which we are writing, of disturbing those arrangements in any way. Nevertheless, little as he suspected the danger, he was playing with fire. He hap pened to come into "the girl's life at the very moment when she was most eager and will ing to give such a visitor welcome, and, whatever he might be, she was made of perilous stuff, to its inmost essence combust ible. Like most yonng girls brought np in soli tude, sha had been dreaming for many a day of a fairy Prince, young, ardent, adorable, who would awaken her with a kiss, and lead her away into the world of happy fable. The moment she first saw Somerset her heart leapt up to give him greeting, for nothing quite so sunny had hitherto crossed her path. His bold advances to her com pleted the conquest. Her passionate nature, long in revolt against its surroundings, began to stir, and quicken within her. Time alone could decide whether the event for which she had longed was to be fatal to her, or beneficent. Ail she yet realised was that the wonder-working moment had arrived! [TO BE CONTINUED NEXT WEEX.J 