Sydney Week by Week. ? -s- ? (From Our Special Correspondent.) SYDNEY, Dec. 18.'/ Once more best wishes for, a Mersy Christmas and a happy new year to ail the readers of these weekly jottings from their Sydney scribe. As old Inr goldby said : — Eheu fugaces, Postumo! Postume! Years glide away, and arc lost W. ? thee ! Lost to thee ! We are in t!he midst of stirring times. The dawn of the Twentieth Century— - but we haven't got'O'Sullivan's allegori« cal statue of Australia facing 'ln — and the Birth* of the Australian Nation— 'the young queen out of die Southland, kneeling , at the ' old queen's knee.5* These two events can only happen once,* and will soon glide away amid the dim ghosts of the past. But, while they last, we in Sydney mean to make the most ol them, and to have such a Christmas and such a new year as we have never had before! 'We, Us, and Company,' are in for a good time, and will males as many of you-W.A. people, who can come o,ver, as jolly as 'one, people' whtf have 'one destiny' can possible' be. v . 'We'll -be friends, if you'll be friend% and share the job with you, ' And pick up all the pieces, to build . v the State anew.' No longer shall we be Westralians or New ? South- Walers, but the drops - will have been swallowed up by the- ? ocean, and we shall all be 'Australians^ ??''-» # * * # The curtain has! risen! The drama; has commenced, and the first act has been played. The staging .was magni^. ficent, the actors knew their parts, the chief -character being the newly-importi ,ed star, the Earl H'opetoun! The clerk ?of the .weather, provided a glorious day,i and 'our beautiful harbor' never look- ' ed more supremely lovely. ? The writer was , - a guest on board the Government steamer Dawn, which lefif Man-'o'-jWar steps at a quarter 10 nin€ with -a/ full cargo of members of Parlia-- menS and other notables with theiii wives and' daughters. The Dawni steamed to the Heads, but, in deference to the fears of the ladies, did; not go ' outside',- although, actually it was calmec outside than lying between the Heads.; After tossing for about 20 minutes the Royal Arthur came in sight, and the other men-of-war that, witlh many mer chant ships, had gone out to, meet her, fired salutes to-- welcome tihe Governor- ' General. Then forming in procession, ? led by' the Royal Arthur, with H.M.S.-. Porpoise next, the line of warships) ' slowly (ait tihe .rate of six knots an hour) steamed along tlie winding passage of ^ . the ? harbor. At different' points, such, as Bradley's Head, Watson's Bay, knots of spectators cheered, and bunting! flew. Arrived at Farm Cove the RoyaJ -Arthur went to' her msual buoy, and punctually at ir.30 a.m. his Excellency landed, and was -received by Sir Wmv Lyne and the Ministers, ; and Sir Mart£ thew Harris,,. Mayor of Sydney. As surmised in these notes last week, His ?Excellency did -not venture up the steps that had been erected, but his carriage .awaited him at the landing pavilion, and as he. drove round the streets of the city- to Government House ? the people cheered, -the bands played, and -every-' one was happy! ISfb accident of any. . sort marred the 'pleasures , of the day.. So the curtain fell' on the close of Act I.j and an interval pf -two 'weeks will', elapse before it rises again on Act, II., when the principal character, 'The Duke of Linlithgcw,' -will be taken- bf t ' Lord Hopetoun. v .)' « » - » » ' ? ! ; / 7 Elaborate .preparations are being made for the' swearing-in ceremony at the ' 'Centennial Park on New Yearns ? ' day. Nature has done much to help us. No miore suitable spot could have 'been. ? - - Selected. *In .the centre of tlie park is1 a vast- natural amphitheatre, wide slop ing sides, and tiers of rocks to the northwards,, capable of accommodating: ? , 150.000 spectators. To the south is a level plateau, which is to be reserved' for the troops and carriages. In the ? centre of the amphitheatre tlie pavilioa is being erected, where the Governor- / General' will be sworn-in, around it 20. ?- acres have been fenced off to accom modate the 7000 distinguished visitors. It is amusing how many people all at once have - discovered that they are 'distinguished,' and want invitations to,, this 'sanctum sanctorum.' '''hen 13' acres have been .'set apart for the 10,000 school children, the iooo- adult vocalists ' . and the massed bands, who are to carry, out the musical' part of the ceremony.' It is estimated that, half a million spec tators, on account of the natural con tour cf the park, will be able to have - a good view, of the whole of the pro ceedings. Given a fine day it. will be the grandest sight ever witnessed sout'b^ of the line. , Wf ??:??;:?? . ? \e ?:.:.?, ;- w- ?? . -«, . ' It is a- case pf 'touch and go,' -vyliethei1 our supply of fireworks will arrive in time to be used on tlie night of January 1\. ^2r,oo worth of special fire-works were 'Ordered from London, but, after the order was placed (and our Govern ment left it to the very last moment) the trouble was to get a shm to' bring such a lot of explosives out. Passenger ships wouldn't' cany such clangeiicras .. cargo at any price. The British Board of Trade, the Emigration Act, and _/ other difficulties stood in the way, and ifwas for a -long time doubtful whether any ship could be found to accept the risk of being blown up along with, the rockets and set pieces at a pyro technics! display at sea. However, the Mimiro was secured at las', bvt sh? had to tranship the cargo that she had al ready 011 board, chiefly ? acids and ? spirits, as the fireworks were considered ?' quite sufficiently dangerous withoutthe addition of these. The Mimiro 13 timed to reach Melbourne on ihe 27th of this month, so, provided she does not get blown up before then, there will just, and only, just, be time to send the fireworks hither overland.. 