personalities. Mr. W» H. Gladstone was president of ' Pop '—the Eton Debating Socioty— and, according to ono of his schoolmates — who could hardly have realised tho pun ho was perpetrating — was very popular in that capacity. He was a splendid spoakor, a brilliant fives1 playor, and a very usoful cricketer— in fact, ho was really a good nll-wtmiri nrnn The Princo of Wales occasionally playod cricket at Cambridge when he was thero, but the only formal match ho ever took part in was between 1 Zingari and the Gentlemen of Norfolk, at Sandringham. Tho Princo went in first— and went out first, for crickot balls havo not the least rospcot fox -Royalty, and he was bowled first ball. ? However, he was on the win ning side, tho Zingari. Lord Jersey was a Bplendid runner when ho was a boy, and won the mile at Eton in 1802. He was a good football player, but was delicate, and once at the Collego was so 111 that his life was despaired of. The Earl of Dudley must bo ono of tho wealthiest noblomon In the kingdom.. Ho , owns about 28,000 acres, and his rent-roll is ostlmatod at j6123,000. But this by no means roprosonts the real wealth of tho . Wards, for tho Earl is a groat mine owner and ironmaster in the Midlands. Lord Dudloy has ostatos in Worcestershire, Staffordshire, Merionethshire, and Rox , burgshiro. Tho Quoen of tho Nothorlands has a docidod fondnoss for protty olotheo. A largo assortment of dross goods woo sent to tho palaco tho othor day, and hor raothor procccdod to chooso for tho Quoon nomo alpaca and plain material j but Queon Wilholmina flatly refusal to abide by tho oolcetion, and cIioejo figured silks and brilliant dreso materials, ovon for morning woar. Sho caid that hor loving paront might mako uno of tho plain stuffs if oho liked thom, but oho wanted some thing prottior. Nothing bottor illustrates tho strongth , . of tho Gorman Emperor's will than nis porsistont and successful pursuit of sport in spito of physical di s quali flcatiot£ Although his right arm ib useless /il shooting purposes, ho shoots with hj-l ^ industry nnd succcss that ho has pi \ir ally accountod for nearly 30,000 h^j * game. Hio mothod of shooting and ingonious. Whon tho quarry sighted, hio attondant plants a w^ * forked support in tho ground ; tfg] . „ poror rcato hio gun on this and fir^j hio loft hand, without appearing «5j tako propor aim. Each day's scoro ; with a knifo on tho wooden support. Mr. Charles Noufold, who fortw.;* ycaro waa a prisoner of tho Khalifa Omdurman, had como very terrible poriencso. Ono littlo amusomeat h.B ^ captoro indulgod in wan to blow thoir two ; great war-horno, mado from olcphanU , ^ tuoko, right against luu caro, nearly driving him mad. Thon ho wao led on* to bo hanged; but ho wao ropnoY'V' ; tho last minuto, and thrunt into a, ^ ^ bo donsoly packed that armfuls of 1»£L graso had to bo flung in by tho gaolen- ordor to mako tho unhappy pnsoa ~py_ equooso otill moro tightly together. \ Dr. Nowman Hall cayo that when h X- . was a vory email boy hio favourite book . V waa tho #Pilgrim'o Progress'—' 'Pigw\\-,. Pogoy/ ao ho thon callcd it. At nino ho started to omoko, and c.t tho oamo ago left* ; off smoking for good, because of tho un- ? - effects which dried cuno cut into cigarottcalir.d upon hir, 'internal economy.' - .. At ton ho was cent to cchool, and was immodiatoly forced by hio ;iow friends to holp a email boy -fight a biggor ono, with tho reoult that Ht: U had I110 jawbono put . ^ slightly out of ph:rqv and folt tho effects for many years attorwaiJi. Dr. Hall muot havo had iJ^ood doal o£: ? pluck whon ho was a youth. .5^ finished up hio collego lifo with a knap-T^k tour , in tho Highlands with a frionu.\^Ho «. naturally read up Sir 'Walter Scott bei.o.~o_ going, and found in 'Marmion' that Michael^ Scott, tho magician, was buried in tho ? . cliancol of Uolro:o Abboy undor a big .. otono. and that at ono o'clock ovory morn- * ing ho was supposed to ru;o from hio . grave, and prowl about. Hall'o friond did I not caro about ghost-hunting, and stayed T | in bed; but Howman. Hall wontjx) tho j old Abboy ono night, looked himcolf in,/ 1 and cat on tho ctono in tho chancol, witW a club iu hio hand, waiting for tho appear-), anco of tho magician. Porhapa tho latte/ wa3 frightoncd of tho club ; at all ovonf ho did not appear. ~ Readoro of Dr. Gcorgo Moo1^ books will readily boliuvo tha^ early intorest in temperance. v Tho power with which hode\ ovils of intomporanco in 'Tho\ Soutar'a Last Tuno/ * Sir Gibh ahow that ho hao thought long. - purpose on theso matters. Ho w truo thia/ is' may bo gathorcd from . tho fact thatf ' whon in hio last ycaro at cchool, bofoif leaving hia nativo villago at tho ngo q fourteen to attends Abordcen Univorsify, MacDonald wao a pronounced ndvocato of tomporanco, and used to hold forth aznon£ his schoolmates at meetings which woro-'* originated and carried on mainly through his infiuonco with hio claso- follows. 