UNDSl^fHB INVISIBLE RDBE. (By 'BQoinDI.') /-Ui, for tlie dear old days of the fairy '7. tales — or, rather, . for tha t delightful time when the pure, unadulterated inno-. cence of our nature allowed us to swallow ?those tales as easily . as a chicken swallo.wn «op ! ..The 'fairy tales' we hear to-day is 'another, story'', altogether, but I have nothing to do with either lot, except to re mark that amongst all the tasteiiuliyas sorted and r.ealiy : valuable gifts which the 'good people' of old bestowed, upon their .favorites, the one. I hankeredj after most was a certain cloak, which rendered the owner entirely invisible the moment he (or she) put it on. Conceive, if- you can, the value of such a cloak at the present time, and all the fun one could have with it, providing, of course, there was no other garment :dl. the kind m the world. And ? how very interesting, it would be to even know the first thing our readers would do when the priceless treasure came into their j possession, .The first thing I... would do would be to enter Lord Beauchamp's slfeeping apartment just as he .'had retii'ed to rest, Sud ascertain if it is really true (as Rumor whispers) that he is troubled with, soft corns, and puts his haif in 'cur- lers''' every night, immediately after he has said his prayers. * » ? ? In a childish make-believe sort of fashion ..I of te®..don my Invisible cloak; lift up tho roofs of -my neighbors houses, drop gently .down, and enjoy whatever scenes from the .'great Comedy of Human -Life that may be on the programme. In one abode I visited, an . abode which outwardly bore every sign of prosperity, peace, and pleasure, there sat a handsome young couple, who had been married exactly twelve montns and- a day. Marriage had evidently been something of a failure in this case, for the shadow of diespair could already be seen clouding the wife's fair face, while the husband looked as tired and bored as if he had just waded -through , thirteen columns of Brother Boyce on the accur-r-sed. drink question. Presently, for .want of something better to do, as it seemed, he asked, wltn out even turning to look at the woman he oiice adored': 'Annie»- do you remember the first night we met . ? » Instantly the woman was aroused from her lethargy, just as if she had experienced a sharp electric shock, and ner brignt I eyes flashed with something of their old light-,- as she fervently replied: 'Indeed, Dick, I do !' 'I was. a bit off then, wasn't I.?' drawled Dick. 'Wonder no one ?thought of .locking' me. up for being a lunatic' at Targe. But that was nothing to the night I rowed you round our loveiy harbor, waslfc'?' The young. wire made no reply to , that. She was thinking of some thing in -the roseate r,ealms ot the paau And, judging by the way her lips quivered, she was doing some very hard thinking, too. Not having any eyes in the back of his head, the husband saw nothing of this, but droned on:' 'What a derned all-round ass' I made of 'myself , that night to be sure ! Took your hand in mine, or some thing- of- that sort, I think, and said I had felt so utterly-.lonely until I met you; how the world was. all .a ..blank until the bright sun of your presence ' had made it a Para 4ise to. me ! . God ! I must have sickened even' the sharks that night, I fancy. I-Iow the devil you' stood if, I' don't know. 'Per- . haps you meant it then V' suggested the wife. But Dick was so rapt in his own troubles that he heard nothing of the pitiful query put, /and went on ? * * ... ?* * j i'T,hen there.- was'' the ride, home in the cab from the Mayor's Ball. Heavens ! What , a lot of soulful slop. I let out then. We 'were - to ' gb -'hand-in-hand down the ?great highway of life ! Never to get tired of- kisses ! Mine .was a love that woula ferow-^anil- growr— snowball fashion, I sup pose. All 1 asked was leave to sit at your £eet_to be your slave and worship you ! Caesar's Ghost ! No wonder the poor old horse pulling the cab fell-.down and spilled us' out iri a mud-puddle. Of all the gol durned asses— hut it's no use thinking of that!-' Then the letters I wrote to you, with lumps of love, and lots of kisses! I wonder, now; if I could hire the Soudan donkey to come and kick me. by the hour '!' Just .here the ' young 'wife rose, arid I shitted so as to get well out of her . range. There ' were no tears in her eyes now. Her look was stern, 'and her lips were an ugly ited, where the teeth had held them. I don't like to be near a woman who doesn't weep when she is injured or insulted. She is deucedly apt to throw things. And when 3, woman starts throwiug, even the devil hirqiself can't, tell what object she' will hit. Placing one hand on her : husband's shoulder, this . young wife said: 'Don't fret s6' :much over the past. ? You have at least one consolation' in knowing that 1 was,': a 'far greater'.' fool than you were !' 'How the deuce do you make, that out exclaimed , the husband, swinging round and- staring at. his partner with evident surprise. 'BE'CAl'SE I BELIEVED YOUR 'WORDS, AND MARRIED YOU !' said the wife, -and 1 took that as my cue to' clear. In the next house I surreptitiously en tered; the misitress passed me on her way to the. kitehen, and I promptly and silently followed, for whenever you 'see a deter mined-looking mistress making for the cook's quarters, you can reasonably expect some fun; no matter whether the lady in tends to show the duly qualified culinary artist how to prepare the necessary trim mings for a leg of 'mutting,' or whether to inquire why that khaki-clad 'sojur' stayed so late on Sunday night, and whet her he happened to take three-parts of the Sunday- dinner serap3 with him when he left. The cook generally : repulses the ene my with great slaughter on such occasions, being prompt in attack, and never short of an excuse1— as was well shown when an indignant mistress, after a long search all over the place, came across a drum-major in a large flour bin, and the ready-witted hash-concocter explained with a giggle: 'Oh, please mum, that ain't my sojur; it really ain't; it must be one the last girl left behind, for she was a cousin of the original „Absen-t- Minded Beggar !' V V © 0 The lady into whose dwelling . I had spirited myself, was an attractive, intelli gent-looking dame, who had reached that age when 'she really 'didn't look it,' and although her mouth was firm, there was a sparkle in her eyes, which quietly hinted . that she wouldn't object to a bit of fun, providing it was kept within proper bounds. It had come to her knowledge that her two sons were in the habit, eaeu at a- separate time, and quite unknown to the other, of taking the housemaid out 'for a lark.' Not being able to get any satisfaction from her sons upon the sultry subject, and being fearful of his Papa's awful anger if he hejtrd of the giddy game going^on, Mamma determined to sound the maid 'herself, in an artful way, and so she jocularly said: 'Now, Fanny, tell me truly, because I know all about it. Which of the two. young gentlemen do you like going out to have a jolly time with best, Harry or Georges ?.': 'Well, ma'am,' replied tae girl; thrown off her guard by her mistress' friendly, manner, 'I must say that of the two young gentlemen I prefer Harry, -but for a real', ' good, whisking, kis'sinthe ring time in general, give me . the Master before all the boys alive to-day. Oh, he is-a scrumptious old darling. And you're a lucky .woman to be the owner of such a freehaided. golluptious gent.' The Master had quite another kind of kiss-in- the-ring game that night, and the frolicsome Fanny was on ' the tramp . very early the next morning.. .What women talk about when none but women are'/ present : is a matter which often excites the curioalty of most young men, and is not without a flavor of .in terest for 'old buffers' also. I have a growing idea that women's chat to woman is: not much inferior to that .which- men deal , qut to men (it is certainly, a deal cleaner), and at times even the lords of the world could listen witli profit to what they might, when they feel; nasty, term a '.'hen- convention.,' .1-. once dropped into a snug little boudoir wherein a young- wife was complaining to an older - ahd much more /experienced dame of 'her husband's repeated 'absence from home, and his pas sionate love of his club: and billiards. ' What can I do to keep my Charlie at home asked the troubled lady, with groat emotion; and her friend being in a j playful mood, carelessly replied; 'Well, Minnie, there are quite a number of things you cduld do, but whether the game is worth the candle or not is a matter best known to yourself. For example, you can break his spine with an aXe as he is asleep, ; or 'nail him to the floor with a red-not. spike driven through his stomach, or you could fasten him to the bed-post with a bUllock-chain, but the surest way of all to keep him at home would be to cut his hair in the usual womanly way, and darn pat ches on the basement end of his breeches.' « a « ' a 'Oh, do be serious, Julia,' cried the negleoted wife, 'this is a matter of life and death to me. I wouldn't trouble, you only I heard you had worked a cure on your own husband, and I thought you might be charitable enough to pass it on to me:' 'Oh, I can't say that my plan, would suit your case,' replied the other wife, ' it tunes George up for a time, but it is ex pensive and somewhat risky, too. Ad vising a wife how to manage a husband is always dangerous, for the man one sees in' Society, and the man who 'plays up' in the privacy of his own home are mighty different persons indeed. When little Mary ' Markwell complained of the late hours her spouse came home, -some very injudicious friend told her to put her mouth to the keyhole next time her J07 seph came home, and anxiously whisper j 'Is that you, Reggie ?' Of course Joseph wasn't Reggie, but the moment he got inside his house he secured a revolver and swore he'd find Reggie before Ijreakfast and make matters very warm for all con cerned. He knew four Reggies whose age ahd position would leave -them open to reasonable suspicion, but he had only time to; lame two of these before the police came along, and now poor Mary will know where .hubby spends all his nights for the next two years, for he was found guilty of shooting with intent.' ! * * * * ' How horrible,' exclaimed the troubled friend, 'but. what about your own happy thought ? Tell me all about that.' 'Oh,' laughed the lady of the house, ' that isn't -bad at all, but you have to be 011 guard all the time, just as though you were fighting in the Transvaal. You see, I one day asked Mrs. Cleverton why she allowed her husband to employ such a handsome typewriter in the Cityv 'So. as to keep him in his office, and pay some little attention to his busihess,' says she, ? and that gave me the idea of the little scheme you wish to hear about. ' * » » * 'Next day I engaged a very pretty go verness for the children, and now ? every evening I make her bring the children into the parlor, and play with them be fore my husband has a chance to. trot back to his cronies in the City. The go verness being an attractive novelty, Robert stays and pretends to take an interest in the children, while all the time he'.s mash ing the new girl harder than Faust iever tempted Marguerite. Sometimes I listen outside, and it's the fun of the world to hear the old fool mumbling out the same dreary, ' drivelling compliments he used to butter me up with twenty years ago;1 Of course I don't let the thing go too far, and when I hear the chairs edging closer, and my old fool whispers 'what a nice arm :for pinching,' and the like, I make a great clatter in the hall, and then I peep in and ask 'if the children are annoying Pa ?'.' or if ' little Robert (to distinguish him from big Robert) is rude to Miss Goligh-tly. it's the fun of the world to see how the poor governess looks just then, and how deeply interested my Rebert seems' to be in the evening paper, which he generally man ages to be holding upside down. It's a great shame to trifle like that with the most sacred feelings of the human heart, but it keeps Robert at home, and it will sharpen the wits of Miss Golightly for the arduous time when she will, have & giddy old Robert ;of her own.' *. a * a 'I don't think I'd like to chance that-' scheme,' said the visitor, timidly. -'It. doesn't seem quite fair to anybody, and, as you say, it is dreadfully risky indeed. Sup pose they locked the door ? ? Can't you suggest some other plan ?' 'Well, yes,' said the elder lady, thoughtfully, 'You might set up a sixpenny bar in the parlor, and sit up with your boy shaking him for drinks till bedtime !' Then 'they kissed and parted, and going home I dropped my invisible robe into the infected area of our' lovely harbor, for fear of being burdened' with more wisdom than a light-weight man' could safely carry. v' 