jjl'L-fNGS BY THE WAY. fmubbay independent. One's heart blends as he contem plates China torn and distracted, and knows that scores and possibly hun dreds of faithful uien and women who have gone from English-speaking homes to that country, with no other purpose than to bring the knowledge of Christ to those sitting in darkness, are now in imminent peril. The prayers of God's people everywhere arise at this hour for deliverance. And deliverauce will eoiuo, though perhaps not from the expected quarter. Meanwhile all sym pathise deeply with those friends who are in so much anxiety as to the safety of sous and daughters, or other dear ones. «' No tears need be shed over the break up of China," says the Southern Cross. Bub why this lieartlessness ? Tears have been shed, and are being shed, and that in fearful profusion. But again why this veiled desire to break up China, and why should China t i a I., l U9 OlO Kelt U|J j uuu. ouiuij' ll<i3 filmic other end for this iuimeuse people than to be exploited, broken up, and swal lowed by the kindly Christian nations of the West-. Is the ultima ihule of all divine design European aggrandise ment and dominancy,? Fortunately — unless we are being deceived — the authorities at London, Washington, Berlin and Tokio think differently to the Southern Cross, and take a more humane view of the situation. It is a question also how far the powers theinj selves are responsible for the awful condition cf things in China. -Their attitude aud conduct for years past uow have not been such as to allay suspicion and create confidence in the Chinese mind. People, even heathen people, do not like to be regarded as the carcase around which the eagles "atlier, and ""ever since Russia seized Port Arthur and Talicn Bay, and Englaud Wei-liai-Wei, and France Kwang-Chou, there has been (says the llev. C. H. Parsons, who lias just returned from China) unrest through out the interior, and placards have been circulated urging the -people to uuite in stopping the tide of foreign aggression. And after all China may not prove the quiescent carcase, patiently await ing division at the hands of her philanthropic dividers. The potehtiali- ties of immediate development in the Chinese Empire are really enormous. Any day things may take a turn that will simply electrify the world. China is not the Transvaal or a Poland. Looking at this people from no higher t-hau the military standpoint, it is fraught with the gravest of possibili- ties. Hess tnan live years ago Jjora Wolseley said— "This hardy, clever race, whoso numbers are to be counted iu hundreds of millions, needs only the leadership of a Napoleon to be converted into the greatest and most powerful nation that has ever dictated terms to the world." What may not the future evolve ? The Royal Commission on Religioui lust-ruction in State schools is already getting into troubled waters. It is to be hoped it won't " drown." The Com mission is becoming less and less what it was intended it sbonld be, viz representative, aud ceasing to be repre sentative, its status is gone. The. Roman Catholic Church has been out of it from the first, the Jews have with: drawn, the Congregationalisms have no representatives, whilst Dr. Strong and the Rev. Mr. Lambley, as representing two other of the very numerous denominations in Victoria, are at direct variance with the majority of the Commission as to the nature of the Scriptural extracts that should do duty ' as religious lessons" in State schools. We are in clined to think that the further the Commission goes the greater will be the confusion into which it will drift Would it not, therefore, be better, a thousand times better, and infinitely ruore edifying than tha present spoctacle of division, if the Christian churches of this colony inspired with a sublime conception of their mission to the nation, rose to the greatness of the occasion, and the grandeur of the op portunity, and told our Pari i men tarians that they had determined to relieve them henceforth of this ever perplexing problem, by assuming the sole responsi bility of the religious education of the rising race ? This is the only way out of the difficulty, and what is more to the point it is the' only, rii/ht way. Mr, Brodribb, ex-secretary of educa tion, in his evidence before the Com mission, formulated a scheme on these lines. His scheme provided that three hours weekly should be set apart for religious instruction. The "churches, nnd not tha State, to be the directors and promoters of the instruction, the teachers being paid, by the churches, aud not by the State. The examina tions also to be carried out by the churches. This is the true solution of the problem. If the churches" are not equal to it, then leb them cbse up and write " failure" on their bolted doors. That paragon system of education with its " state purveyed religious in struction," known to New South Wales, and used by the Bible Leaguers of Victoria m their traducing of our system as a triumphant argument for the adoption of thoir platform, must now be given up, and, if decency pro- vails, mentioned no more. Lord Beau champ, with that lieartlessness peculiar to the reformer, has impugned the R.S.W. system, and shown that, despite its so-called religious element, the increase of illegitimacy under it is shockingly in excess of anything even godless Victoria can produce. To our thinking, this indictment of Lord Beauchamn's is a direct answer to those gentlemen who at the recent Federal Convention of Churches main-' taincd that the one panacea for all our social ills was a modicum of Bible I instruction by the State School teacher, The evil lies deeper, and no State tinkering in the direction suggested can get to the root of it. A Holy Ghost Baptised Church is the need of the hour. We still continue to receive many letters anent the war, with voluminous " cuttings " from all kinds' of partizan journals. It is very kind of our friends to be so practically interested iu our political aud moral education. We thoroughly appreciate their , en deavors, and reciprocate their good wishes. . Of course they may be . right, and sve may be wrong, or what . 's mi'& Probable, there may be right i and wrong on both sides, but our posi tion at present remains, that whilst not abating one jot or one tittle of our conviction that ou .economic and -humane grounds the war is a blunder, , we confidently " wait till the clouds » roll by," when the true setting of this ; "hole ugly business shall be intelli- gently seen and impartially under- stoo-1. At present ir. is neither. At the same t ime we thank those other friends who have written ns words of hearty cheer during the mouth- They are as water to a thirsty soul amidst a waste of opposition. Yet the pendulum swings. The re action in public opinion and feeling concerning the war has already begun, as every sane man knew it would. The people are beginning (o see and fee! that after all the war is not the big righteous success it -has been boomed to be. Members of the" Aus tralian contingents are returning, and not a man of them is enthusiastic over the war ; and many of those remaining in the field write most woefully of the campaign, and do not hesitate to vote the whole thing a mistake ; whilst of the .country itself they say, " Anybody who would think of leaving Australia for South Africa is stark, staring mad." J nst so, and more has yet to be said. We are more convinced than ever that time and experience are upon the side of the peace party, and no better evi- ouid vui1 ul (luuubuu au lut> present moment than the amusing way in which some Christian war apologists are beginning to " climb down " The true friends of the. Empire are still being abused and misrepresented in several quarters, but their turn is com- ing. - The Australian colonies have been brought within the last few weeks to unpleasantly realise the true character of Mr. Cecil Rhodes, and to recognise in him an enemy io be feared. Cecil Rhodes has been to London, where a well thought out plan or plot: — at which work li8 is an adept — was hatched, and has now hurried back to South Africa. Mr. Rhodes in his plan aims at nothing less than preventing by hook or by crook the return of the Australian soldiers at the close of the war to their respective colonies. ; The bushmen-soldiers are to be retained for Rhodesia, where their military- agricultural capabilities will be of im mense. service to the. chartered com panies of that district. This project has the support of some leading Lon don journals, and it is believed of Mr. Chamberlain also... If this little garne does not miscarry it will lend an ad ditional emphasis to what many have hitherto felt, as a mistake that Aus tralia did not hesitate longer before senditig her best blood to meddle in a muddle with which she bad but the remotest interest. . By a letter to baud from Dr. Ren- toul we learn that " The Peace and Humanity Society " grows daily. Nor can we wonder." People in then- cooler and calmer moments must of necessity return to a more reasonable w«iy ui luuiuug uu iiiberutiGioutU uuu- fticts than 1ms characterised us for months past-. The objects of the So ciety are such that every intelligent- Christian man can honestly and heartily support. They are as fol lows : — 1.— The promotion of "International Peace and Justice. 2.— The creation of a more humane public opinion and the educa tion of the public conscience as regards War and those ques tions which concern the rela tions of man to man. 8.- — To advocate the principles of British Freedom, foremost amongst which are the; right of self-government and " the liberty to thjnk, to utter and to argue according to con science."' Needless, to say we wish the Society every success. ' ;- Dr. Bevan managed recently to dis turb the fiscal equanimity of the "Age." At the meet lig iof the Con gregational College the doctor ventured to deprecate the plea put forth for a native trained ministry as "savouring of protection, which, as everybody knows, is sf- coward's platform and a coward's policy." This, though spoken in a semi-jocular vein, proved too much, for the "Age," and accordingly it de voted a leading article to the reforma tion of Dr. Bevan in particular and all "political parsons" in general. Editors of our dailies are frequently hard pushed for topics for their, leading articles, and it must come as a re freshing change to them to be able to ( leave tlio Boers for a time and . fly at- the " brethren." Still for all that Dr. Bevan was right. What "with fusel oil in whisky, sali- cyclic acid in wine, cocculus indicus and cannabis in beer, the analyst Mr. Wilkinson is making things decidedly unpleasant for tile brewers, distillers and publicaus. , .Of 109 samples of beer recently tested not pne was found to be pure. All contained more or less of poison. This is a bad record of wholesale poisoning. Yet many brew ers and distillers go to church and unctuously sing— So lot our lips and lives express .The Holj- Gospel we x>rofess ; So let our works and virtues sliiuc To prove the doctrine all divine. Instead of a crusade against a repent ant professor of music, would not the churches be well employed in waging unrelenting war against a traffic which, as Mr. Gladstone said, is working more physical and moral devastation in the state than the three evils of war, famine and pestilence combined '? It would have been just as well if the crusade against Professor Marshall- Hall had been s'rictly relieved of its religio-clerical element. It" is a bad thing for Christianity when by its professors it becomes committed to auything that savors of hardness, not to say mercilessness of spirit. Mar shall-Hall is a man, aud those who know him best respect him most. But he can be granted no quarter, even though he seeks it with tears. We believe this to be contrary to the spirit of Christ, aiid contravenes the policy of "seventy times seven" re commended by the Master. The letters of Dr. Bevan and the Rev. Sugden as published in the A<je are two bright redeeming sparks of Impunity in an otherwise painfal and persecuting con troversy and heresy hunt. The ninth annual report of the "Pilgrims' Rest" is to hand. After referring to the work of the past twelve months among the aged inmates the lion, superintendent, the Rev. C. M. Cherbury, says : — " Another year has now I een entered upon ; and we look forward with the same simple faith in the Heavenly Father's c ire, as we have always done, for the means wherewith to supply the daily requirements of the inmitts ; and hope, that our fri-.nds will kindly run imber that we are entirely dependent on help. voluntarily sent to us. The iuBtitalioii; though hot so widely known us it deserves to b?, is highly appreciated by all who have come in contact with it. Among the many testimonials of appreciation that have come to us, verbally or otherwise, a gentleman writes 4 l am thankful Go! put it into your heart to f mud this charifc.', so much neede3, aid so full of comfort to its recipients.' " We most heartily comrasud this insHtntion for the aged to the genero :s remembrance of our rpiidors. Mr. Cnerbu y's ddress is 39 Delbrid.e-street, Nor h Fitzroy. r The postal .authorities- were to have helped the Patriotic Fund .to the ex tent of £3500, by issuing a special patriotic stamp. But, true to their traditions, they have been so long in doing it, that the patriotic fervour which was at red heat, at the relief of Mafeking has— now that the- stamps are ready — fallen to something like " normal," with the result tlut nobody wants the stamps, and so they remain a drug on the market. Such is life ! " Sanctified common sense is what we want to prevent the evils of church over-lapping." exclaimed a delegate at the Convention of the Churches. Rut why " sanctified " common sense ? Would not the ordinary article pure and simple be enough if we could only get it ? The so-called sanctity is wliat c - e »i„ H uuc icHifi, iiu iu mure utHjueiuiy uian otherwise dissipates the sense. Simple, honest, staightforward thought and action, such as oue honorable trades man exercises towards another, is all that is needed between the churches. But this is just what you tyinnob gut, especially where the sanctimonious cant about ' our beloved cliurch" comes in. At the recent conference of Sunday school teachers the note was sounded clear and strong that the best possible teaching power is needed in our schools, and strangely enough at the L.M.S. meetings the same bugle call went forth, " We want the best, the trained teachers," and that not only for India with its culture and its 153,000 educational establishments, but Oh na, Africa and even the Is lands of the Southern Seas. In neither gathering was sight lost of the work of the Holy Spirit, but the fact was made clear that uow is the time for' the choicest intellects, sanctified by full consecration t'u enter in the op in doors at home and abroad. 