BREVITIES. Warren Show, June 6 and 7. Lithgow claims to have a ghost. Parliament has been further proro- gued until May 22 Lieutenant W V Dowling will re- turn home at an early date. Whistling is regarded as a violation of the Divine law by Icelanders. The Bourke Show has been aban- doned, owing to the drought. The Russian War Department is manufacturing 1000 quick firing guns. Ominous! Perfumes are stated to be injurious to the sense of smell, to the hearing, throat, and lungs. 'Wilcannia Grazier' says Lord 'Bobs ' intends visiting Pooncarie when he visits Australia. I). J. Mahoney, local agent for the Singer' Sawing Machine Go., Becker st, .(near.',L:nslBy.st), Cobar. — 0. At Neeid's mine, Wyalong, a shot brought down 40 tons of stone, which is estimated to be worth £1000. 'A Boer paper states that 1 Boer is equal to 10 Englishmen, but that 1 Australian is equal to 5 Boers.' Ad- vance Australia ! The Paris exhibitiou is reported as the finest that has ever been seen in Europe. On Sunday the visitors numbered 250,000. The Minister for Public Works has decided that all maintenance men on public roads shall have one week's holiday each year. The Government is determined to carry out the Darling Harbour re- sumptions immediately the necessary details can be arranged. Some contemptible person con- tinues to delight himself in poisoning valuable dogs around town. He'll poison one too many yet. Mr McKell, P.M., is now at Bathurst, where he first studied law 19 years ago. He was welcomed in a very enthusiastic fashion indeed. Tenders are invited in this issue for work on the following roads : — Bourke to Cobar and Nymagee to Hermidale. Tenders close at Bourke on Monday, 14th May. No fewer than 20,000 persons have succumbed in London to the ravages of that deadly disease con- sumption during the last four months. Owing to the slight illness of the Premier, that gentleman was unable to visit Bathurst to open the Agri- cultural Show, and Mr See was sel- ected to fill his place. 'We hear from Mr Wilson that good fresh water has been struck near Cobar road cut line, at 35 foot, the supply being 10 gallons per minute. This is a valuable discovery. — Wil- cannia Grazier. ' You seem to be frequently getting into trouble by drinking nnd fight- ing,'- said the judge. ' Why don't you go for a soldier?' 'Not me,' was the answer 'I did once your worship, and it very nearly killed me!' A new railway by-law has been approved of. It provides for several reductions in railway rates, including lower charges for the carriage of ma- chinery for refrigerating meat works in the country, so as to encourage the dead meat trade. We have received a letter urging the appeal for the Australian Bushmen's Fund, to raise another £3,000. We think, however, that the Cobar district has done its share, and that our Hos- pital is now in need of whatever little money the public can spare. Recent returns show that since the inauguration of tho old aged pension scheme in New Zealand 10,000 Europeans and 1000 Maoris have been granted pensions, the total cost being about £190,000. The average yearly pension is £17 2s for Europeans, and £16 6s for Maoris. When are we going to have a similar scheme in New South Wales? It is badly needed. In 1899 the Privy Council decided eleven appeals from N.S.W., and in ten of them it decided that the N.S.W. courts were right. In the four years up to and including 1899 it decided 25 N.S.W. appeals, and in 21 cases it held that the N.S.W. courts were right. In the other four cases either the N.S.W. courts were wrong or else the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council was wrong. The Premier (Mr Lyne) has received a letter from Mr Sleath, M.P., who is at the front in South Africa. Mr Sleath said he met Major-General Hutton, who expressed his regret that the colonies did not send a Federal force to the war, instead of each col- ony supplying men separately. Our men in that case, the Major General thought, would have had a more im- portant standing. Mr Sleath says, however, that our men are highly praised by the British officers. 'This is a first-class country,' adds Mr Sleath, 'but Australia is good enough for me. I shall be back in May.' Mr F. H. NIXON, Architect, West Maitland, says: -'If my testimony to the value of Ross's Celebrated Eye Lotion can be of any public benefit, I give it thankfully, and without solicitation. I have suffered with my ey«s severely for a long time past — indeed to such an extent that my means of livelihood have often been jeopardised. One eye was so vio lently inflamed and so exceedingly painful that I could not bear the- faintest light, or even obtain rbst in the dark. I tried all manner of nostrums without bene'it, but the very, first application of Rose's Lo'ion gave instant relief, and in less than twenty-four hours all pain bad lift me. Before three days' use tho eye was completely recovered, Iha in- flammation subsided, and the sight was, if anything, stronger than pro- iously.' Sold by all Chemists and -? tovokocperR throughout, the colony, 