PRESBYTERIAN GENERAL ASSEMBLY. THE UNION DEBATE. 'A VICTORY FOlt AUSTRALIA." ' The Presbyterian Assembly resumed its sittings yesterday morning in St. Stephen's Church, Phillip-street. SUSTENTATION FUND. Mr. John Kirklaud presented tho report oil tho sustenUliou fund. The committee were glad to report a steady advance in tho stipend fund or thu Church. Last year they reported an incre<aso of £531 Gs fid, as compared with 1897; this year iuc Increase wus £1115 17s fid as compared with 1SD8. As almost all the additional amount came under tha heading "amount received from congrega tions," it was gratifying to find that their people, as prosperity returns, recognised it to be a privi lege to contribute more generously towards tho support of those who ministered to them in spiritual things. The capital account had becui increased by £25, a legacy by the late Mr. Alex. Dick making the amount held by tho treasurer- ship committee £7878 Ss 9d, in addition to the be quest of the late Mr. Berry, amounting to £30,000, which remained in tho hands of the executors, and on which they paid interest at the rate of 4 per cent. Nine congregations had contributed aid during the year to the cxrnt of £230 Gs, being an Increase of £47 Dks 5d over last year. Only nine congregations gave any aid at all. Including interest from capital fund, and aid received from congregations, the sum of £1242 13s had been dis tributed among 87 ministers on tbe principle of the Inverse ratio—that was, that they who needed aid most got most aid. The average distributed amounted to £14 Gs Sd, tbe highest aid given being '£20, tbe lowest £2 12s Cd, The regulations required that 75 per cent, of members aud adher ents over sixteen years of age should contribute towards stipend, and that their contribution should not be less than 7d per week each. The number of charges in full operation throughout the year was 121, and the total amount paid in stipends, Including supplements, was £30,086 19s 2d, an average of £248 13s. If the annual rental values of manses, as assessed by the assembly, were added the average was brought up to £277 10k, as against an average similarly adjusted last year of £263 lis fid. It was pleasing to be able to report that several charges throughout the year had increased tho stipends formerly paid. The report was received. HOME MISSION COMMITTEE. The ballot for the election of the home mission, committee resulted as follows: — The Revs. J. Fer guson, W. M. Dill Macky, John Auld, with the Jtev. Dr. Bruce as convener. On the motion, of tbe Rev. John Walker tho assembly cordially re cognised the long and valued services of the Rev, John Auld, M.A., as convener to the committee. FEDERAL UNION SCHEME. The debate on the federal utiiou scheme was re sumed at this stage in committee. Dr. Clous- ton's motion to retain clause 4 of the scheme was specially under discussion. The Rev. John Auld disclaimed any connection with what might be termed the drag party. He hud always been a progressive. He was in favor of progress of thought, but he objected to any formal changes, and supported the inclusion of clause 4. Important changes took' generations to mature and accomplish themselves. It was the duty of tho Church to record those changes only as they became matured. Tho constitution before them gave the Church a large amount of liberty to expand, nnd provided for any up-to-date stand ard. He was proud of the procurator's large- hearted sjiecch, of which he could say, in tho language of Agrippa, "Almost thou pcrsuadest me." (The Rev. John Walker: "To be a Chris tian!" Laughter. Tbe Rev. G. D. Buchanan: "Then you are easily persuaded — a piece of special pleading purely.") If the Church should be rash euough to proceed to formulate a new creed in the face of a 40 per cent, minority thero should be some provision for a drag, and clause 4 gave that. The Rev. John Burgess pointed out that en abling bills has never beeu submitted to a single assembly. Those who argued that clause 4 would act as a brake on the wheel going down bill forgot that ilicy might got a clumsy brake, and that too strong a brake might smash the buggy up. He supported the omission of the clause, because even though they were willing to accept it they must make tremendous changes in it. It was 'Immature. Mr. J. A. Altken (law agent of tho Church) was most averse to the inclusion of clause 4. He believed that though it bad been put in to perfect the basis of union it would be 'very far from giv ing the desired effect. It, was not for property rights, but for higher principles that they were carrying out union. There were difficulties in Ihe clause which would lead them into troublo later rm. Thnro wnv .unnln nmvlulnn ?n fhr» basis of union already for tho protoetion of minor ities. ("Hear, hear.") He hoped their Church would take up the position ot putting tho other Churches cf Australia right on this matter. Mr. Aillcck, M. I'., said ho felt they could not enter the federation until all three clauses had been sent down again to tho presbyteries. As there were s.o many In tho Church against clause 4 he thought they might well try tho Victorian Church again. They had 110 guarantee, it they accepted thu clause, that tho Victorian Church would not do something else. He must say that they were not always an agreeable lot themselves In that assembly — (laughter) — but tho Victorians seemed to be even more disagreeablo. (Laugh ter.) The best thing .was to stick to their colors acd send the clause down to the presbyteries. The Hev. J. llelklejohn (Victoria) trusted that the assembly would not be led away by the re quest for concessions on behalf of the Victorian Church. They had not been asked by the Vic torian Church, but hy a minority in that Church. For seven years lie had been lighting the battle of tho majority in the Victorian Assembly, and, ho believed, a majority In that' Church. (Ap plause.) The creed of the united Cliuroli should bo done by the uniting Churches, and not by any one Church. Just no-.v 110 change could bo made In the Church's standard without an Act of Parliament, and some of them thought that It was an unfortunate position for their standards to be so bound up. They ought not to reject the fourth clause without strong reasons. Tliey must remember that it was the act of tho federal assembly, and not a Victorian fad. Their re jection of the clause meant that tliey woro coming to a decision against the wish, the deslro, and tho vote of the best friends of that Church in the Victorian Assembly. (Dr. Itcntoul: "No.") He said "yes." lie had been coming there longer and oftener than 13r. Rentoul. (Dr. Itcntoul : "Hear, hear.") Tlic clause had been accepted unanimously hy the Queensland Church. They knew how the Tusmaiiian Church would go, and ho was Informed that (lie South Australian Church wus prepared to adopt it. In the Victorian Church every one of 70 sessions had endorsed the scheme. That did not mean that everybody 111 tho Victorian Church accepted it. But there was unanimity ou the point, and ho was quite sure they would not get the same utianlinllv again. If tliey looked at the scheme as he did Llioy would drop tlio flfth clause If they dropped tlio fourth. Tlio rejection of the fourth cau.sc certainly meant delay, though it would not jeopar dise the Interests of himself and Professor Harper In union. Despite Dr. Cameron's reported state ment that clause 4 was dangerous, he said it was harmless. It had been submitted to one of the wisest and far-seeing men In the Church (Prin cipal Rainy), aud wiso man that ho was he had left the matter lo themselves to decide (Ironical laughter.) Jle had. however declared the clause to he harmless. (Dr. Rentoul: "Itcad Ilia letter. ) He had not Principal Rnlny's letter but ho was not given to exaggeration. ("Heal',' hear.") They said it Was a fair and reasonable thing that provision should ho nuido for a reason able minority. If they had a fifth minority which refused to go forward in any change of creed, surely some provision should bo made whereby they retained their property. A representative In tlio Queensland Assembly had gone so far as to say that in the event of a radical change of creed tho majority should go out and loavo the whole of tho property to those who abided by the standards. ("Hear, hoar," and "Quito right,") Clause 4 might scorn to bo an invitation to schism, but it waa not. It was not the people who remained by the standards, but the majority who changed who wore in reality the schismatics. Tlie third and tho fifth clauses as well as clause 4 dealt with property, and to be consistent, If they touched one they must touch nil. I)r. Cameron had characterised the clause as un-Presbyterian. The Free Church of Scotland, at least, did not think so, for a similar clause appeared in the model trust deed of that Church. Rejection of clause 4, meant great delay, and some sorrow of heart. It meant a possible collapse of the entire union. The Queensland Church was already Jieart-slck at the delay. Adoption of tho clauso meant n speedy accomplishment of union. (Ap plause.) Professor Rentoul (Victoria) thought a good deal in Mr. Meiklejohu's speech need not have been spoken. IIo himself had not found a man In Parliament who favored clause 4. The minister of the leading Church In Tasmania had said his Church would strike out the three clauses. The more thoy looked Into the scheme the moro tliey would see that It would have to go down again to congregations. That meant at least a year, so they would see that the striking out of clauso 4 did not necessitate further delay. Their creed was the Bible of tho living God, and no chango of tho Church could affect that. God had taught him to lenrn great patience amid tho contradic tion of sinners, and of rrcsbytcrlan presbyters. (Laughter.) The ono thing in tho Presbyterian creed that had caused most, troublo among Scotchmen had been Introduced by an Irishman, lie could organlso a minority Into schism In a week. Instead of being a safeguard to tho con servatives, clause 4 might prove just tho opposite. They woro being bound to a declaratory Act. AH the talk about anchor and drag, and safeguard was absoluto nonsense. A man who was not satisfied with tho conservfttlvo restrictions In tho other clauses must have an awful un-Presby- tcrian gullet for restrictions. (Laughter.) As to an anchor being necessary, in the shape of clause 1, though as good Presbyterians ho hoped they would get to Heaven, yet it might be on broken pieces of tho ship, as in the case of a not able shipwreck, where four anchors were vainly applied. (Laughter.) Paul's advice to use one was neglected. Without any anchors tho party would have reached harbor in safoty. (Laugh ter.) Mr. Meiklejohn had said that 70 sessions In Victoria had adopted the clause. They had done nothing of the kind. They had adopted the scheme ns a whole, but they had not voted sepa rately on clause 4. The Ballarat presbytery had voted for the scheme as a whole, but in assembly bad voted against clause 4. He assured them that the delay would rest not in striking out clause 4, but in leaving it in. Wretched bondage would come If they forced clause 4 on (hem. Let them have no more miserable dead-weights. If the New South Wales Church cut out that clause, the people across in Victoria would thank them a year hence. The greatest equity lawyer in Vic toria hud interpreted the scheme as a compro mise, and contended that If they retained clauso 4 the whole scheme would be interpreted through that clause. New South Wales really begun that great question of union. The pioneers like Dr. Steel would bo saddened aud surprised at the presence of clause 4 Jn the scheme. Let them have nothing questionable in the scheme, noth ing in the shape of a torpedo, as tho clause had bceu aptly described. (Applause.) The Rev. John Ferguson had not come to listen to a duel between representatives of the Victo rian Church. In his consideration of the ques tion he would put aside all Victorian squabbles, for the centre of all storm troubles in Australia was to be found in Victoria. He had found tho Queensland Assembly solid for the retention of clause 4. Immediate union was a deep necessity for that colony. It made him pause when he was asked to go into union which robbed them of the power which they had outside of it. It was not property they asked for the minorities, but justice. ("I-Tear, bear.") As a matter of justice to all who went into the scheme of union when a great era of change came by the groat majority of tbe Church, he pleaded that any minority be not cast forth, but that respect be paid to the men who held by tho primitive bargain. (Applause.) The Rev. Dr. M'Innes held that Dr. Dill Macky desired to arrange the affairs of the Presbyterian Assembly for the millonium. Those who thought with him made the mistake of seeking to legislate for all time. Let them leave future generations unfettered. Clause 3 was full of fetters. The whole argument for clause 4 was based on what he considered a want of faith In the power of the Holy Ghost. Sir Samuel Griffith had expressed the opinion that in these clauses they had most litigious matter. Clause 4 contained seven In justices as a set-off to the one-fifth concession. It was only the one-fifth minority who were Bald to have any conscience. wM. fifths majority? U they wanted to see one strong vigorous Church in Australia, as against a moribund Church, he begged of them' to drop clause 4. (Applause.) Tho house then divided on Dr. Clouston s mo tion to retain clause 4. The voting was as follows:— For the motion, 35; ngainst, bO. The Tiw G. D. Buchanan gave notice that he would move to delete clauses 3, 4 and 4. The com mittee reported progress, and asked leave to sit again. 