“ The Shadow of Fernbrook.” -♦ A Romance of Maorilanti. by Atha Weatbury. [ali, eights reserved.] -# CHAPTER XV. . ALTON AND VICTOMNE Before the rain had ceased to rattle against the solid gables of Fembrook all was in readiness for the performance of Massinger’s fine old comedy, “A-Mew Way toFay Old Debts.” Many objsc tions'had been set up and demolished before, the dramatis personae were fitted to then- several ' parts. • Luckily for Ralph- Wame, who had taken upon him self the'responsibility of. the niiair, Al ton Lyndhurst proved himself-; an able »tage"«director and manager. ;;But with all his tact,, the young author found himself at fault. No one could bo found to perform the leading role. In this dilemma , two strangers "arrived at the Rock,-and were forthwith introduced by the master of Fern brook:'to his guests. : “These two gentlemen are my es pecial friends,” he said. “On the con tinent of - Europe and elsewhere we have sojourned together,; sharing the same roof, and t-.e same table.. In tlie name of friendship, I bid them, both welcome to New Zealand.” The new-comer^ were evidently men of the world, who knew liow to adapt themselves ‘to mixed ' company. In a few hours they were quite at home, acoepted parts in the comedy,^ aud en tered into the spirit of the fun with the zest- of schoolboys let out for a holiday. • Neither of these personages was young. The foremost of the twain was verging on. sixty years of age. Yet he was a man who had been well preserved. A man who appeared to have taken care of number one above all things else. His three-score years sat upon him as lightly as forty winters upon many men. Tall, but withal slight, and delicate looking, there was not a crease or wrinkle in the man, from his nose to his toes. -Beyond an undeniable mili tary air, which clung to him like his tight-fitting frock coat, Colonel de Roal seemed' a well-bred, polished, smiling gentleman, at peace with himself and with-all- the world. Drummond Blake, his companion, was altogether unlike the colonel. A giant in stature, and with limbs like another Hercules, this man was both gruff and coarse in manner and in speech. .[.Never theless,'- there was a good humoured, robust, healthy, devil-may-oare, high pressure hilarity about him which won him friends amongst the company. A keen observer of men would have no ticed two things in the conduct- ana manner of Colonel de Roal and nis gigantic friend. First, the colonel never lost sight, even for a moment, of the hugre proportions of his comrade, while Blake on his part invariably took bis cue from . the other sometimes by a word, but mostly by glances well under stood." There were no keen observers at the Rock," however, except Hilton Fevn brook, or old Rita, the Maori. Pro bably both were oil the ivatcli, but in different directions. <fWhat- a grand old place this is, dear Fernbrook,” quoth the colonel, adjust ing his eye-glass over his cold, steoly, blue’eye. “There has been no vulgar1 architect here. No modem daub of ugly:.brick and stucco. Nature lias aided the builder, or the wise fellow has taken-..advantage of nature. ‘Ma toil’ "What, bronze! Sallust of Pompeii could he stalk -forth, from his lava tomb be side Vesuvius, would stare in wonder at the magnificent proportions of yon der trellised balcony.” Seldom had there been congregated togetheivsuch a witty, laugbter-lovmg group'as that which assembled to wit ness “ A New Way to Pay Old Debts.” In the lofty drawing-room there is ac commodation for double the number as that%hieh sits in easy indolence before the crimson curtain hiding the stage. The gentlemen- who are about to take part -in the performance are scattered through the audience, laughing and talking. An early dinner has left them ample time for gossip ere the piny be gins.; Amongst the loungers, Alton Lyndhurst, drawn forth from his shell or reserve, is holding forth on the merits of Chris Marlowe, Johnston, Webster, Marston; and a host of others who have left their mark on the era of British drama. His listeners are only a group of five, but they are apprecia tive. One of the number is a lady, a proud, wealthy beauty, with a face and form as matchless as that of Helen of Troy. How cold and motionless she sits, yet there is a world of meaning in the far-away look in her eyes. While the fiddles are being tuned, and the players are preparing for honest Philip Massinger’s masterpiece, let me take up the wand of Hermes and put back old Father Time by six years. The world was younger and brighter for Victorine Hargrave, then only a strip of a girl, just over her eighteenth birthday, a birthday at which there had been an innocent drinking of tea at Major Hargrave’s cottage, on the cliff overlooking the Waitamata. Major Hargrave is a widower, and as poor’as Job. He is a man who has seen much life. He has fought for Don Car los, and derives his military title from lus service in Spain. Paris, Madrid, Md London have in turn been his home. He has spent some portion 'of Ins days m South America, and is not unremem- * bered in Mexico; but at sixty-seven, he has had enough, of a nomad existence. It is pleasant to remember his wan derings and relate his adventures while he reposes at ease by his hearth; plea santer still to have liis clever, bright, graceful ’daughter to minister to his wants, and who makes a sovereign go as far as two dispensed by a duller housekeeper. His cottage at Parnell is the pink of neatness, very small,-but seeming much the snugger for its smallness, daintily furnished with the .relics of larger and more splendid abodes, picked np as oc oaaion served. Victorine is one of those active spirits who rise early. She gives' her mornings to household duties, and flits about light of foot, with gloved hands; and broad linen apron. The major, although a soldier of for tune,-has ever been an honest man. It is his boast that he has lived amongst spendthrifts and social Bohemians, and yet paid his way; that no tailor re members him with a pang; that no time- yellowed page in a fashionable bookmaker’s ledger records his dishon our. In his retirement he amuses himself with literature, and though this pastime widehs’fiis’narrow income, he has more pride’ in his achievements than in the remuneration-. The daughter is not so well satisfied' with her surroundings. She has lived in this seaboard of Auck land for more than ten years, but she has. dim reoollections of London and Pans, which come and go in ner memory like a dream in the “Arabian Nights-’’ To be rich and powerful, :hat is the acme,of her ambition. She asks '.her father wonderingly, “How he'.can exist in this dull antipodes after hisexperienee of brighter worlds.” The girl knows that with even, less opportunities' she is more accomplished than’Most of her wealthy neighbours; pings better, plays more” brilliantly, has a more general capacity for learning new things, a greater deftness of finger, superior taste in dress, and more skill in making much out of little. Her father is foolishly fond, proudly indulgent, praises Victorine’s pretty looks, her sweet voice, graceful, win ning ways, her cleverness; and general good management. She lives in an at mosphere of praise, rises every morn ing to be admired, lies down at night pleased with her own beauty and sweet ness. The Lyndhursts are the major’s near I est and dearest .friends. Mother and son are as fond of Victorine as if she were their own flesh and blood. Often in the summer gloaming girl and boy j have climbed the cliff above tho noble bay, and here have watched the ships glide to and fro. like grim ghosts in the fading twiligut. Major Hargrave is at his best as a dramatic critic. Snakespeare is a whole library to him. He lias so imbued bis daughter with a love of the great dramatist that the girl has a veritable passion .for the art. She knows every word of Juliet, Queen Katherine, ltosa liud, Lady Macbeth, Cordelia, and Beatrice. ..Uuder the major’s tuition, Victorine has grown into a superb elo cutionist. By the winter’s fire, while her father Bmoked liis pipe, she bus spouted the whole Shakesperian round. He teaches her how the most famous actress of his day used to pause here, or linger fondly ou a word there, or rise at such a point to indignant pas sion. He remembers the great Sid dous; how her awful whisper went through the gloom of the theatre as if mocking the evil spirits. And V'ic torine hangs on his words with delight, and asks him again and again to do scribe that wondrous art. Alton Lyndhurst is three years Vic torine’s senior, and is _ fighting an up hill fight for a place in the world of letters. What little time he can spare from his work is devoted to Major Har grave’s daughter, for the poor penniless scribe almost worships her. It is the one gleam of sunshine in his drudging life to read Shakespeare with her. or to play Borneo to her Juliet. There is just enough in her unlikeness to all other women to catch the fancy of the dreaming enthusiast, who is us deeply smitten with the only true, absorbing, unchanging, eternal passion as a young man of twenty-two can be. So on that high cliff, perched on the sea wall, Alton Lyndhurst tells Major Hargrave’s daughter his love. Alas! for the unfortunate scribe. With shapely hands resting on his shoulder, eyes looking into liis, words coining swiftly, and with sobs home along the eloquent voice, she tells him that if she could love anyone it would be Alton. If she could forget her ter rible struggles with grim want, and re sign her hope of unbounded wealth and station, it would be for Alton. But it had been the dream of her life to be come rich and powerful, to emerge out of the slough of despond and poverty into the clearer light that is bom of affluence. Alton' Lyndhurst goes hack agaiu to liis work, shuts himself up with fiis books, and strives, as only earnest men can strive when love dies and ambition is born. Before the year is out Victorine Har grave is married. Amid the fever of parliamentary de bate, and the strong opinions quicken ing into life, and which had begun to agitate even theso remote colonists, Alton Lyndhurst found relief from his sorrow. If at first his faith and belief in the purity and goodness of woman had been overthrown like some rickety temple of frailest masonry, ho had emerged again from his wanderings to the light of former guiding stars. Work had saved him, hard, stern, unflinching work. The very effort to forgot his mad folly and presumption-had brought forth a latent power, till then slumbering, nud the result was fame. Victorine Hurgravc had the gratifica tion of her darling wish satisfied, inas much as she married one of the largest land-owners in the colony. In tho ab sence of good looks, youth and that necessary culture which lend ideal charms to lovo, her husband had abund ance of money. Money, that we poor, dreaming rogues rail against so bitterly. Tho fetish whom wc all adore, rail as we may. Ah, me! If Mrs. Gayland was not thoroughly satisfied and happy in her married life, it was perchance be cause sbe was a -woman, and not the fault of her lord and master, who grati fied every whim, every desire of her heart, so far as ready cash could ac complish it. Mrs. Victorine Gayland went to Eng land, and was absent hut two years when she returned to New Zealand n widow. Young, beautiful, accomplished, and wealthy, Victorine Gayland became the fashion and the rage amongst the upper ten, who neither toil nor spin. The wives of the squatters and bankers, who had heretofore shrugged their fair shoulders at Major Hargrave’s penniless daughter > were delighted with the bril liant, captivating, rich young widow. Those who liad passed her coldly by heretofore were glad to meet with a nod of recognition from the queen, whose word was final. She has thought of Alton Lyndhurst betimes in those two years of her mar ried life. Comparisons have jarred upon the sensitive cords of nature, when she has pitted him, in imagination, against this money-getter, who calls her wife. She has thought of him very often in her solitary widowhood, wondering why he does not come, thinking him un kind and cruel for withholding his no tice and his praise, now that all the world notices and praises her. She is amongst the first to read that book, which lifts his name at one bound into notoriety. Oh! how every page preaches to her of the days that are gone, of those unforgotten days when he was hers, lying at her feet in the late autumn twilight with, the broad, full moon shining upon the sea. He lias laid his owni heart upon the dis secting table, and anatomised its every pulse. She knows now how utterly that heart was hers, how torn and wounded by her desertion. She comes face to face with him once more in those vivid pages, and the very breath of that love day comes hack to her. She reads, and the smouldering love flames up with a brighter, stronger fire, and she knows that she loves Alton Lyndhurst better far than of old and must so love lum to the end. One day at a garden party given by the popular member for West Auckland, Alton' and Victorine meet again. The belle of fashion and the rising author are both changed; both are accom plished, in the polite art of self-repres sion. She greets him with graceful tranquility; he reciprocates with graci ous candour. They talk of the old cot tage by the sea wall, of the dear, dear father. Prom that time the idol of fashion and the popular author are friends, but there is no word of love between them. “Tempus omnia reve lat.” Cast thy magic waud aside, 0 Hermes! Lift the curtain again on the group gathered round Alton Lyndhurst. Tlie theme is still men and books. Colonel de Roal is one of the latter party. Watch him as he Sits with quiet mien listening to the talker. There is one huge sneer stamped from brow to chin, but it is so subtle and- refined that it appears like a benign smile ou his face. “I often wonder,” remarks Fenton Gray, a noted musician, who has come down to spend the winter at the Bock, “I often wonder that among so many books written for this age there are so f^w that seem calculated to make peo ple better.” “My dear sir, goodness from an {esthetic point of view is the reverse of interesting,” rejoins tlio colouel, blandly. “Yet Goldsmith has ventured to de pict characters that aro almost fault less,” answers Alton. The colonel shrugs his shoulders. ‘‘True,” he says; “but Goldsmith was a humourist, and could afford to paint virtue. Humour removes the insipidity of benevolence with his heroes. Faust is not good, and logo is simply exe crable ; but where can you match them for interest P” . Alton Lyndhurst looks with more at tention at the speaker than he has done hitherto. “Then you deny that there can bo any interest in tho kind of reading which may tend to raiso tho whole tone of ono's.beiug?” he asks. “For my part, I lovo Tennyson; one cannot read him without feeling better and braver.” “Nay, virtue is so simplo a matter that it- affords few opportunities for art,” responds do Eoal in the samo quiet tone. “Vice and crime are many sided, and offer infinite scope for the literary anatomist. One Cleopatra, mighty arid fallen, is worth all the cold perfection of your modern heroine.” The stage bell rings as Alton, is about to reply, and that puts au end to all further controversy. Those who take part in the performance haste away to dress, and tho fiddlers-begin to tunc for the overture. The most difficult part has fallen upon the mantle of tho colonel, but “Sir Giles Overreach” fits him as if he had made it a lifelong study. Lady Aldworth finds a worthy representative in Mrs. Yictorino Gay land. The wealthy widow is an artist cf the first order, ns well as a woman of fashion. Niue o’clock p.m.—Settle yourselves comfortably in your seats. “A New Way to Pay . Old Debts,” a play by Philip Massinger, written two hundred and twenty years ago. Such a pioco is just tho thing for a drawing-room, like this one; and the costumes, so far as the ladies aro concerned, aro simply per fect. Up with the curtain. A room in Lady Aldworth’s house. Boudoir, blue and gold, brocade, and satin wood. The walls aro painted white, carved garlands of flowers and fruit adorn tho panelling. Old Venetian mirrors, reflecting dark blue delf, and rare old porcelain. = Grim Fernbrook has been ransacked to fur nish this scene. Ten o’clock.—The applause is loud and long, nilton Fernbrook, who has been lounging about, moody and silent, goes behind the scenes. “Ah! ‘mon cher,’ how aro you?” cries the colonel. “Accept my congratulations,” replies the younger man, with just the faintest touch of sarcasm in his voice. “You are winning golden opinions, sir.” Colonel do Eoal leads him aside. “My son, if somo great enthusiast could suddenly spring up in our midst and raise the roofs ofr these people’s brains, as Asmodeus lifted the roofs off tho buildings in the city of Madrid, what strange things we should find this pleased and happy assembly pondering over.” Close by the wing opposite stand Mrs. Gayland and Alton Lyndhurst. “This night will make you famous,” he whispers. She lifts her eyes to his for n moment, then replies, thoughtfully, “If ono did not seek to win fame, there would be no suoh thing as greatness.” “The most lasting fame has been won by goodness rather than talent,” he an swers, coldly, and moves nway. The close of the entertainment is very brilliant, and merges at length into a ball, when polkas and country dances usher in tho gre3r dawn of day. 