FOB HIS SAKE ONLY. BY STEPHEN SOMERSET, Author of "The Man from Johannesburg," "A Mad Heiress," "For Love and Vj^l^ilTln Fortune/ "T!.. The Crime iVn,. of nf the 1 11H Rue no 3D'Alma,"' "The Enemy at the Gates,' &c;\, &c.; LIST OF PRINCIPAL CHARACTERS. RICHARD CASTRKLL, an African Explorer (bcir of Audsleigli Court). GEOFFREY HILTON, a solicitor, formerly engaged to Muriel Maimvaring. T.AD5T GASTRELU stepmother to DiehardGastrcll. MARION ORME. Iter niec-e. an heiress. MURIEL; MAIN-WARING, companion to Lady Gastrell. CHAPTER VIL-ON THE WAY TO THE WHITE HOUSE. When Muriel had aroused herself from the first transport of joy at finding that Bichard Gastrell, the hero of her daydreams, actually loved her, she asked herself whether she should -tell him of the scheme which she had contrived for rescuing him from the clutches of Hilton. She concluded not to do so until she had visited the White House, and done her bes to discover the missing.will. "It is wiser not to arouse a hope that, after all, may not be realised," thought she, "and then Richard would never hear of my going into that house alone at night. The hush-money is not to be paid to Geoff re.v Hilton for a month, and iu that time, if only I am fortunate in my search at the White House, everything may be righted." Muriel met Lady Gastrell with some diffidence on the morning after Richard GastreH'.s declaration of love, for she could vividly imagine the storm of indignation which any suspicion of Richard's affection for her would arouse^ and she guarded every word and look rigidly, for fear her employer might suspect the real state of affairs; but, happily. Lady GastreH's contemptuous indifference, for "tier companion pre vented her from observing the effect which a woid or look from Richard Gastrell produced upon Muriel. Marion Orme's sharp eyes saw something of what went on, but she good-naturedly said nothing, and allowed matters to take their course. She was certain that Gastrell would never marry her, and was now turning her thoughts in another direction. In view of the difficulties which beset him, Gastrell had agreed with Muriel that nothing .should be said about their engagement 'until the arrangement with Hilton was definitely concluded. "If I succeed in ridding Richard of Geoffrey Hilton's persecution I shall searcely dare to become his wife," thought Muriel, "for I am no suitable match for him. must then give him his freedom again, even if it break my heart to separate from him." In her inmost heart, however, Muriel felt that this sacrifice would never be neeessary wiih a man so loyal and true as Richard Gastreli. The first thing to be done by Muriel now was to obtain from Lady Gastrell permission to spend a day or two with Mrs. Shipton. "1 hardly like to ask her while she is in her present niood/' thought Muriel, "yet I must go to Alderbury very soon, otherwise the Holdfasts will have returned from the seaside, and I might not be able to enter the White House for a year to come. Shipton expects they wiil be home within a fortnight." Muriel strove her hardest to please Lady Gastrell nil the morniug, and, after luncheon. finding her in a better temper, ventured to ask for the holiday she desired. Lady Gastrell elevated her brows at the idea of another holiday so soon. "Really, Miss Mainwaring, I hope you are not becoming tired of your vocation," said Lady Gastrell, coldly. "You never asked for a holiday at all during the first six months you were here, and now you want two within a week." "No, indeed. Lady Gastrell. I meant that I would like to go when you cou;d spare me. Any time next week would do quite well, and I need not stay away more than one night. I only want just to spend a little time with my old friends in Aiderbury, and my former nurse, Mrs. Shipton, kindly offered to let me stay with her." "Ah, well, perhaps next week you might o. I must see what my engagements are this afternoon, -and then I will tell you I can spare you," said Lady Gastrell, more amiably, and there Muriel had to eave the matter, although every day's deay caused her anxiety lest the Holdfasts hould return to the White House earlier than the appointed time. When Muriel again ventured to speak to Lady Gastrell about the holiday, she reluctantly fixed the following Monday, with the strictest injunctions to Muriel not to stay away later than Tuesday afternoon. Muriel set to work to make preparations for her expedition with an unwanted joy and hope in her heart, notwithstanding the difficulties she might have to encounter. . In truth, few persons bred and "boVn in Alderbury, whatever their courage, "would have cared to spend a" night alone in the cellars of the White House. At every fireside in the gossiping little town eerie stories were rife about the dreadful tragedy which had been enacted there fifty vears ago, and many had strange legends to relate concerning the weird noises and uncanny sights which were to be encountered bv any Tash intruder into that ghost- haunted dwel- ]i ng The house had been regarded as uninhabi table for manv years after'the murder,! which was one of peculiar atroc-itv, and te- nant. after tenant had lpfr, left it nn up t<i to the thp fim» time when grim old Mr. Hilton, who had bought it at a nominal price, despairing of ever letting it satisfactorilv, had gone to live in it himself. He had found tne greatest difficulty in inducing anybody to keep house forhim, and Mrs. bhipton's sister Mollis was the only woman who had c-ver consented to remain there at night. Even bold, cynical Geoffrey Hilton had spoken to Muriel of his sojourn at the White House with an expression o£ dislike, and this circumstance confirmed Muriel in her opinion that he had some very grave motive for going there. The present tenant had only been induced to take the house by havine it offered at an almost nominal rental, he being a needy man with a large family. Brave as Muriel was, "therefore, she naturally shrank from the iask before her, and, moreover, supposing that her search proved fruitless and wis ever discovered, she foresaw that she would have great difficulty in justifying her actions. "But it is for Richard's sake," she kept saying to herself, as the train sped on its way to Alderbury. "For his sake- only would I attempt what I am about to do now." Mrs Shipton was waiting on the platform at Alderbury when Muriel arrived. She wore an anxious look, for she felt very un easy about the coming adventure, and not a little remorseful at not venturing to accompany her favourite. Muriel, however, knowing how thoroughly the old woman's mind was steeped in the local traditions respecting the Wliite House, did not dream of urging her to go. "Come home and have some tea and a rest, dearie, before you go <nto that dreadful place," said Airs. Shipton tenderly, when filie had greeted Muriel. "It wants a good four hours till dusk, and wc can do nothing till then, for we mustn't be seen on our way if we can help it. I've oiled the key and we can get in by the back gate that opens into the. lane, where nobody goes hardly after dusk." Muriel agreed to all that Mrs. Shipton proposed, and gladly accepted the tea which the old lady prepared as soon as tliey K-ached the cottage, for she was feeling tired with the excitement which she had lately undergone. By Mrs. Shipton's advice she went up to the little bedroom which was ready for her, and lay there for an hour or two rest'.np, to be ready for 1 the laborious work which awaited her. Mrs. Shipton urged her to sleep, but sleep at such a moment was impossible. When it began to grow dark Muriel went downstairs, and Sirs. Shipton instructs her in the use of the tools which she was to take with her. "I don't suppose you'll need to do much with the tools though, honey," said she, "for ] know the opening into the passage was only roughly bricked up; and if old Koger Hilton liid tile will there, he would very likely only remove a brick or so. Be sure you put everything back as you find it, dearie, and may God help and protect vou." Muriel promised to take every possible precaution, and at 10 o'clock proposed to start;. "The suspense is, T dale say, the worst part of the whole affair," said she, cheerfully, striving to reassure Mrs. Shipton. "Once fairly at work in >tlie cellars, I shall feel uch, better than I do now. At lea--i, I hope Accoi^.agly they dressed, and liid the opis under the long cloaks with which they ad provided themselves. Muriel also wore thick veil and an old-fashioned bomie; lwcli Mrs. Shipton had lent her. "Even Richard himself would scarcely reognise me if he were to meet me to-night," hought Muriel, as sl^; glanced at her extrardinary reflection in the quaint old glass ver the mantelpiece. "I hardly think 1 need have troubled to isguise myself to this extent, Sliipton," she emarked, "for I have been so little in AI-: erbury since I left it five years ago, that I aresay most people have completely forgoten me." /Nay, dearie, they don't forget so easily hen a winsome lass like yourself is in quesion," said the old woman, gazing lovingly t her nurse-child, "and it's as well to be on he safe side." Tlie wisdom of Mrs. Shiprcn's precautions was soon justified. They had no sooner quitted St. Mary's Butts, and made the turn to the left which leads into Marigold-lane, where the bacic gate of the Wliite House is situated, than x tall, stalwart figure crossed the road, and they found themselves face to face with Geoffrey Hilton! His keen eyes recognised Mrs. Shipton at once "Good evening, Mrs. Shipton. Fine night, isn't it:-"' "Ay, sir, t.bat it .is /" stammered the old woman, startled beyond measure at the meeting. Muriel could hardly prevent herself from trembling visibly; but happily the night, though c-lcar, was dark, and there was no lamp near. (To be continued to-morrow.) 