WHAT IS PRESBYTERIANISM ? I Mr. Editor.-I write you again merely to deal with some statements affecting myself which appeared in the letter of Rev. A. Fraser in your issue of the 18th current. The first is a misstatement, namely, that I admitted that Presbyterianism is a form of church government. In opposition to this, I held firmly all through to the sound position that Presbyterianim is a great principle requiring Christians to be Scriptural in doctrine, worship and government. It is unfair to say I have fallen from this in any way. Mr. Fraser's long letter only helps to prover that the one reason why the Presby- terian Reformers adopted government by presbyters was because they had abundant evidence that it was in agreement with the practice of the Christian church at the beginning. The second matter I desire to refer to is Mr. Fraser's hint that because I regarded unscriptural worship as the chief cause of disunity, consequently I esteemed doctrine less important than than purity of worship. On the other hand, I hold that the main duty of the church is to beware of false doctrine, and one reason for maintaining purity of worship is because it is through the worship that wrong teaching is introduced. In every age wrong doctrine has insidiously worked its way into the church by the medium of unscriptural practices. In fact, purity of worship is so directly antagonistic to false teachiug that it is almost an impos- sibility for the two to live long together. There Í3 some reason, therefore, for the opinion that if the churches decided ta adhere firmly to the purity of worship of the Jewish synagogue and the early Christian church, false doctrine would be hindered and divisions effectually checked. One proof of this is the fact that the Presbyterian churches that have adhered firmly to purity of wor- ship are sound in doctrine. The tendency to Ritualism and unsound doctrine may only be charged against those Presbyterian churches who, instead of seeking to keep the worship of God pure, are in favour.Of shaping Divine worship in accordance with fashion and the taste of the times. No less an authority than Mr. Walsh, author of "The secret history of the Oxford move- ment." pointed out that there were the beginning of Ritualism in Presbyterian churches also. There is reason to fear that Ritualism is in germ in all human additions to worship, and that is one reason why many earnest Presbyterians are unwilling to cast in their lot with the Presbyterian Church of New South Wales. Departing from the Divinely appointed worship was the great defect of the Jews, and in the Old Testament the act is called whoredome to make its' abominable character apparent. We must not go with the multitude to do evil, and therefore some earnest Presbyterians are unwilling to join with those who, by disregarding purity of worship, may lead us either into Ritualism or Rationalism. I know the new departure is designated " progress" ; but, as Dr. Begg said, ''men forget that there is a progress downward as well as upward, and that it is much more easy to go down the stream than up/' ¿¿ dead fishwill go down the stream, but it1 takes a living one to swim up." I Judge with Dr. Begg and others that if the English and Scotch divines of the seventeenth l century were moved by the Holy Ghost to ! put away that which was so offensive to God in the spiritual worship of the New Dispensa- tion, it must be clear to everyone that it cannot be the Holy Ghost that is now mov- ing and stirring men's hearts to bring back that which He had moved them to put away. If the Presbyterian Reformers were right in what they did, then those are right who remain separate from those who would undo their work. The Reformers were proud to be able to say "We took not our example from any kirk in the world, no, not from Geneva; but laying God's Word before us, made reformation according thereto." It was by this principle under God that a clean sweep was made in the Church of Scotland of all unscriptural additions, and those are ?ob wise who tempt us to forsake this prin- ciple. I have dwelt so largely on the neces- sity for purity of worship because it is essentially a part of the Presbyterian posi- tion, and the point that is assailed most bitterly by . the modem enemies of Presby- terianism. Those who would like to know the views of the Reformers on this point should read the 20th chapter of the Confes- sion of faith. Thanking you for the space you nave given me. August 23,1900. W. N. WILSON. 