? /" CHAPTER XXI (CQNTIKTJED). After she bad been sitting at the foot of the cross for several minutes., she said, with a sweet smile: * Maude, if you look at me in that fashion everyone who sees you will begin to wondei what is the matter.' * Do I look as though I ioved you so .dearly, mamma?* * You do indeed, my dear child.' 4 Then I am glad,' I -"aid. "After all the long weary years of yearning, how can I show my love for you enough ?' * Perhaps I shall require cue great proof of your love, Maude. If so, I am sure you will stand the test. And now, my darling, as we have some time before the ' Angelus 1 beil rings at midcay, tell me your story, all t l . a t you know and remember about yourself.' I told it to her as I have told it in these columns. I told her how I was driven mad, and how in my madness 1 ran away, vowing never in life to lock upon them again. I toid her there was only one man in this world whom 1 should, ever like, and that was my cousin, Galahad, even though he had wished me dead. There was no room in my heart for any other. * You know, mamma,' I said, ' the love of the St, Neots is " fixed and fatal." ' ¥ou should not have condemned him unheard, Maude,' said my dear mother. 4 You would never have condemned him at all, you are too good,' I answered. 1 But he loved Lady Maud Trent There was no mistake in the world about that, mamma. I should think they are married by now." But my mother did not seem convinced. ' You should have spoken to him, Maude, my dailing, before you left,' she said. * I do not view his conduct quite in the same light that you do. 1 think he loved you.' ' Oh, mamma!' I cried, while my heart beat and my face flushed, • I cannot think so; it is impossible. But now we have talked long enough of myself, mamma; I am dying to hear your story from your own lips.' ' You know most of it, Maude. My fate has been a strange one, dear j but I am sure all has been for the best. My life has been simply a romance of a black veil.' "You had a happy childhood, -mamma.* ' My dear Maude, all that your father told you was true. He was a handsome man when he made love to me, Maude'—I thought of his face as I had seen it last, fixed in the terrible death-agony, and I shuddered—"but it was not for that I admired him ; it was for his generous goodness to the church and to my parents. Then, I think,' added my mother, with a most charming air of candour, ' I really was what the world calls 'in love' with him. But he never told me that he was Earl of St. Neots. Had I known it, I would not have married him, for rank and title had no attractions for me. I think, Maude,' she said, «that I was very happy for a few months. Your father, my husband—oh, how strange those words seem to me now ! —is dead, and of the dead we must speak no evil. I wili say nothing of what I felt, what I suffered, when I found that I had married the mar Jtnown as 'the reprobate earL' Nothing could compensate me for that. I will pass on to the time when I believed you dead. Why the earl treated me so cruelly about you I have never known; but I think he was •angry, jealous, because I loved you and did not love him. I can think of nO'ather motive. 'It was a cruel deed—perhaps.the most cruel he ever committed. Now that I am older and wiser, I cannot imagine why I believed him so implicit?. From his manner I ought to have doubted him ; but I never did. I firmly believed you dead. * Then, when I began to get better, the earlls lawyer came to see me. The earl sent me word that he was tired of my baby face and whining ways, and that he would give anything I asked him if I would go away and never let him see me again. Well, it was a matter of indifference to me now that I believed my child was dead. ' At first I refused the money; but Mr. Norton, the lawyer, was a sensible man. " I advise. you to take it,' he said. * If it is left in the earl's hands, he will only spend it in rioting and sin j while, if you take it, think what good you may do with it; you can devote it to the service of heaven.' * So I took the amount offered and established this place.* ' But, mamma,' I cried, * now that you have found me, you will go back to the world; you will take up your .rank and station; will you not?' " We will talk of that, dear child, later on,' she answered. 1 And, in the .meantime, keep our secret, Maude j let DO one have an inkling ol it' CHAPTER XXII. I thought «o more noble character ,<han my beautiful mother had ever lived; but I told her frankly that I considered it would have been better jfrad she remained with my father. It Was true that he ill-treated ha*, but was it not within the bounds of ..possibility that, had she not left him, ;he might in time have become gentler to her, and even have been a better man? The desertion of my father was the only matter for which I could blame mtf isolated mother., i could not tell v '*M>ier she agreed with me or not. ' -t sbe looked j^^Woald;$'aVe.been better for you, Maude, perhaps, if I had remained with the earl,' she said. One morning she pointed to the old weather-beaten cross, with its clinging ivy and scarlet passion flowers. * Maude she said, * do you know why I value that' old stone cross so highly?' * No,' I answered. * I brought it from Sedgebiook' she said. * It stood in the old churchyard there, and I purchased it. I brought it away with me for love of the dear old place, and keep it here always in sight. I cannot tell you how I love it. When I was quite a little child, I used to sit at the foot and weave daisy-chains;' and my heart told me that her soul was as pure now as it had been in those days. One morning I went to her rcom to see if she had five minutes' leisure. My heart was full of something I wanted to discuss with her. How her face brightened when she saw me! ' Mamma, I want to speak to you very sericusly, I said. "Can you spare five minutes ?' ' Fifty for you, my dear,' she said, * if you want them.' I sat down on a stool at her feet, and looked up to her with entreating eyes. 1 Mamma,' I asked, " has finding me made any difference with respect to what you call your vocation ?' She locked just a little troubled, and then answered; "No, I think not, Maude?* * I want you to make a sacrifice for me, mamma,' I said. "I told you the story of my will. For your sake, so great is the love I bear you, I will revoke it, and the money shall be invested for you and for me. You shall take your proper position in the world, you shall be treated as the Countess of St. Ne ots deserves to bs treated, and we will live together in some happy home, if you will say the word. Was it a temptation ? I shall never j know. She was silent for some little time, her hand resting carelessly on my head. ' Do you remember, Maude, what is said of those who put their hands to the plough and then turn back ?' she said then. 4 1 must not be one of those. Ah, no, my dear and generous daughter! This is my life's work ; I must remain here.' * I must say good-bye to my dream ?' I atked. * Yes, dear child. And now, Maude, let us talk of you. Are you very happy here ?' ' Yes, I am very happy,' I replied. She looked at me wistfully, ' Have you ever thought, dear, that you would like to be a sister ?' she asked. * No, mamma, darling ; I should like to live here all my life with you, but I do not feel that I have a vocation.' * But there is the future. We must think about your future—' She stopped abruptly, for Sister Catherine, the portress, stood at the door. ' Mother Etheldreda,' she said, ' there is a gentleman here asking for you.' Mother Etheldreda, taking a card from her hand, read aloud— « The Earl of St. Neots.' In silence she looked at me ; but I had 110 word to say. My mother's face grew deathly pale. ' Does the gentleman ask for me, Sister Catherine t' ' He asked to see the reverend mother,' she replied. * Say that I will be with him in a few minutes, sister.' And then we were alone. ' Maude,' cried my mother, " is it you, or is it myself, whom he has sought and found ?' ' How can I say, mamma?' I replied, bewildered. 'The Earl of St. Neots,' she again read. "It is like a dream, Maude; I cannot believe my eyes. If he has traced you, how has he managed it ? If myself, the mystery is even much greater.' I could not recollect my thoughts j my brain was in a whirl. ' The Earl of St. Neots !' repeated ; my mother for the third lime. ' Oh, j Maude, what are we to do ?' j With my senses reeling, my mind j was a blank, how could I advise ?' j 'Mamma,'I cried, in desperation, * do not betray me; do not tell him I am here.' ' My dearest Maude,' she said, in a gentle voice, ' I faithfully promise you one thing. Z will do what is best for you—trust me implicity. You will wait here for me, my dear,' she added. I shall not be long.' And then she j went away. I felt that if I remained in the room I should be stifled; and, going out into the garden, I clasped the old weather-beaten cross, with a sensation that without some support I should Fall to the ground. CHAPTER XXIII. I cannot tell how long I had knelt oy the weather-beaten cross in the | convent garden when I heard a light j footstep on the grass. ' Maude,* whispered my mother,) "look up, dear child. It is true; he is here* And, my darling, it is you he has traced—you, not me. He does not know me; and he implores you to see him.' ' Never again,' I said—' never again. Did he not wish me dead?. Oh, mamma, how did he find me? £ thought I was quite safe here, hidden with you.' "Maude," she said, "the circumstances are so extraordinary that I must believe them to be providential. He found you, as I found you, through that money. It appears that the fiftypound note I paid to Mrs. Phillips had j ! t>rdK6r m the city, and from his hands it passed into none other than those of Mr. Norton, who, seeing the earl's name on it, made inquiries, and found that it came from this very convent Naturally he went straight to the earl; and, without a .moment's delay, my dearest Maude, Lord St. Neots hastened hither; and he has the note with him. He has a note-book, one he showed me where he entered all the notes that he paid you, with their numbers, when he changed a cheque for you; he remembers every detail. Oh, Maude, how he loves you !' * Loves me, mamma!' I cried, indignantly, when he wished me dead ! He is going to marry Lidy Maud Trer.f How can I love him?' * I told you from the first that perhaps you had misjudged him,'said my mojher, "gravely, 4 and now I am quite sure of it. I do not believe that he ever said so cruel a thing of you, indeed of anyone, in his life. As for | marrying Lady Maud Trent, if ever a man loved with his whole heart, he so 1 loves you.' j "He does not, he cannot; he wishea ' *ne dead, and I will never forgive him. | Mamma, pray manage it for me. Tell i him that it is true I am here, and that j 1 wish to remain here all my life, that | I thank him for calling, but thai I ! would rather not see him. Oh, j mamma, do this for me V She bent down and kissed me. j "I will do just what you ask, my darling.* She went away, and my head ' drooped again, but now my brain was ' clear—I could think. Ah, well, now all was at an end! Of course, he would be disgusted when he received my message—would go away, and never seek to see me again. Well let him go and marry his love. I heard the sound of a door opening and closing. He was gone, gone , for ever, and my mother, of course., was coming back to me. Then s hand gently touched mine, but surely that was not the light touch of my mother's soft, slender hand! This was warm and strong, and a voice, thst was like no other voice on earth to me, murmured softly- " Maude, why did you leave?' He was there, and my heart weni out to him with a great passionate cry. But I had left him, and I never meant to look upon him in this world again. Having buried my love, was I now to be biought face to face with its ghost?' ' Maude will you neither look at me nor speak to me ? asked the -earnest voice. ' I cannot!' I cried. »Oh, mother, nave you betrayed me ?' Then my mother's loving hands stole round me. She drew me aside into the cloisters, motioning -to Galahad to follow. " Maude, darling, listen to me,' said my mother. ' You were mistaken, he never said those cruel words. It was you he loved all along—you, and no one else.* * It is true, Maude. Look up, my darling,' Galahad pleaded. When at last my courage came back to me, and I looked up, my mother was gone, and my handsome young lover stood there alone. * Maude, my darling,' he whispered ( ' how could you leave me! How could you believe all those foolish cruel words ? You must have. seen that I loved you with all my heart.' - " You loved Lady Maud Trent,' I said, my face still hidden. ' They all said so. Your mother wished her to be your wife.' ' But,' he interrupted, 1 in marrying I intend to please myself—not my mother. Oh, Maude, do not punish me for the sins of others 1 Let me gaze at those beautiful eyes of yours— they have haunted me from the first moment I saw them. Do you remember, dear, when I found you under the cedar- tree crying as though your heart would break ? Look at me, love 1 You were kinder to me then. The pain and the fire of jealousy were dying away, the music of the voice I loved was "beginning to influence me. I raised my face and looked at him. How fair he was— eyes lit up with love, his handsome face eager and anxious J That look into my love's eyes sealed my fate. 4 You were so cool to me,' I said. "After Lady Maud Trent came you had no eyes, no ears, for anyone but her.' "Pardon me Maude, that is not true. Lady Maud Trent was a very old friend, so there could never be any question at all of my falling in love with her. I should as soon hare thought of falling in love with one of my own sisters. Could you not see that ? With her I was quite at my ease, while I was just a little afraid of you.' To BE CONCLUDED, 