Lunatic Asylum Tragedy. Murder at Yarra Bend. The fact has just been brought to light that as the result of a savage outbreak by an inmate of Yarra Bend Asylum on October 31 last, another inmate named Fitzroy Shanks was killed (says the Melbourne Age of November 17). Shanks was a familiar identity of the institution, into which he was received as far back as 1862. His assailant was Valentine Curtis Robertson, who had up to that time been seemingly regarded as a comparatively harmless lunatic, although some months previously he had threatened to kill himself, and was placed under special supervision for a few weeks. Shortly before 8 a.m. on October 31, Dr. Stuart M'Burnie, the resident medical officer at Yarra Bend, was hastily summoned to the assistance of Shanks, who had been struck on the head a few moments previously by Robertson with a heavy billet of wood. He found the man sur- rounded by a group of excited patients, who were trying to explain the circumstances. Shanks was lying unconscious, and bleeding profusely from a terrible gash on the left side of the head. He was removed at once to the hospital and placed under treatment. Examination proved that he was suffering from a compound fracture of the skull, whilst his right eyebrow was severely con- tused. The unfortunate patient did not regain consciousness, and died two hours later. The first member of the hospital staff who was made aware of the tragic occurrence was Warder M'Cuffrey. He rushed immediately to the place, where he found Shanks lying on the ground and Robertson standing along- side and looking down at his victim. Robert- son seemed to regard the whole affair in a most matter-of-fact way, and quietly re- marked, "Jesus Christ told me to do it." Shortly afterwards the warder asked what he had done it with and Robertson replied, "With this bit of wood." Warder M'Caffrey took the man to the refractory ward as a precaution against any further mischief. Robertson has various delusions regarding messages, which he says he receives from "The Holy Ghost." Some six months ago he said he would kill himself, and on that account he was kept in "O" yard for a few weeks under absolute surveillance. Then he was allowed out to work in the plot in front of "O" yard. He had never been regarded as a violent patient, and as far as the medical authorities of the asylum knew, he had never attempted to molest any of his fellow patients or any other person. Therefore, it was not considered that he was dangerous, or required any special supervision. The deceased man, Fitzroy Shanks, was under the charge of Warder Timothy Murphy. He was an absolutely harmless patient, and was free to walk wheresoever he listed about the asylum grounds. At an inquest held by Dr. Morrison at the asylum, the jury returned a verdict of wilful murder against Valentine Curtis Robertson, and as a consequence the man was placed in the dock at the Criminal Court on November 16\. Mr. Finlayson, Q.C., asked that a jury should be empanelled to decide on medical evidence whether Robertson was in a fit mental condition to plead. Mr. Eagleson appeared for the prisoner. Dr. Watkins, the resident medical super- intendent at Yarra Bend, stated that Robert- son had been admitted on December 10, 1896. Neither Dr. Watkins nor Dr. M'Burnie considered that the prisoner would be able to comprehend the proceedings of the court. Judge Hodges accordingly directed the jury to enter a verdict that he was insane, and afterwards ordered the man's detention in strict custody until the Governor's pleasure is made known. Robertson was labouring under great ex- citement in court, and muttered, "It is wrong to keep me there! I can kill all of you — ; it would be no sin to kill the lot of you!" 