Q.T.C. SPRING RACES. The arrangements for to-day's races are similar to those of previous meetings.-Jfull particulars regarding train service, times of starting, charges for admission, &c.;, bein;; given in another column. It is only neces- sary to say that over the six events coloured on the card £1000 is distributed In added money, and that the racing will be of the highest standard. James W. Irving has been appointed a veterinary captain In the Queensland De- fence Force. You will be easily converted into a pur- chaser at Chapman and Co.'s Sale, as they have made the prices to attract and benefit buyers.* Anniversary services ra conuectlon with the Valley Methodist Sunday school will be held to-morrow, the Revs. B. Frederick and .H. C. George preaching in the morning and evening respectively, while in the after- noon the Rev. J. G. Martin will conduct a special service. A meeting of parents of the pupils of the Girls' Grammar School will be held In the Town Hall on Monday afternoon next, at half-past 4, In order to consider the reply received from the board of trustees in answer to their letter, as published in yes- terday's issue. Worsted Suitings.-A quantity of Fancy Bradford Worsted Suitings, 56in. wide, In various colourings, belLg a Plum Line secured hy Mr. Finney, are being cleared ai Finney, Isles, & Co.'s, ¡it Is, lid. per yard.* The resignation of Arthur Thompson of his appointment as inspector of Pacific Islanders has been accepted as from 3rd October. Drapery Remnants Half-price.-To-day, T. C. Bpirnp and Co., The Valley, will sell all Remnant3 at half-price-for cai,h only.* ' A feature of the recent match of the New South Wales Gun Club for the president's trophy was the remarkable success of tho competitors who pinned their faith to Curtis and Harvey's Amberite. " Orphan," the winner of the trophy, used it, as also did the eleven uext highest scorers. It will be remembered that Mr. Eales, in his match against " Bobby" for the New South Wales championship, 'when he made the marvel- lous score of 99 birds out of 100, also used Curtis and Harvey's smokeless powder.. In addition to its accuracy and reliability, Am- berite possesses the quality of being free ironi injurious effect on the gun-barrels. Mr. V. Catmur. au enthusiastic English sportsman, testified that in two years he fired 50,000 cartridges, and the barrels of his -weapon do not show a speck. Mr. Donkin, "the well-known Brisuane pigeon shot, who has boen a gunner since tooyhood, says that in every respect this powder is the most satisfactory he has ever used. Millinery Models.-On Tuesday next, 6th Instant, from 10 o'clock a.m., Finney, Isles, Se Co. will display, in their Showroom, not In the Windows, their fourth shipment of New Spring Milllnory, comprising a charm- ,. leg lot of Paris Models.* Tho West End Methodists have chartered the Grazier for a trip to Redcliffe on Prince of Wales's Birthday, leaving the Musgrave Wharf, South .Brisbane, at half past S. The leading Hotel In Pittsworth Is the Royal, H. Pohlman, Proprietor. Convey- ance meets all trains. Only ISest brands liquor kent. Sulkies and horses al\vays available--(Advt.) The annual general meeting of the City of Brisbane Building Society -will be hold on,Monday, the 12th Instant, at 4 o'clock. The Sale of General Household Good* now 'being held by Chapman and Co. Is unprecedented, as the prices look like the ghost of former prices.* Mr. R.- J. Kelly notifies elsewhere that ' his pupils at the late publie service ex- amination gained a total of seventeen suc- cesses instead of sixteen, as heretofore pub lished. To Cricket Clubs.-Extra Imperial quality green Cricket Mats, bound with green canvas, with copper eyelets and tags com- plote, nineteen yaTds long by two yards wide, are selling at Finney, Isles, and Co.'s at £0 10s. each. This firm hav» also 'a good stock of green matting, two yard« wide, at 6s. 6d. oar yard.* 