Catholic Notes. i „f 4-1,„ T» aa The first representation of the Passioll Play of 1900 took P*^® '^m^-roan in the new theatre at Otor-Ammergau in the presence of over 3000 spectators. Among the visitorswere many English and Americans, including a gooa many clergymen of various denominations. Madame Nevada is a fervent Catholic. While she was smging^inJPans in l884 she was baptised in the Church of St. Michael, her godfather being Charles Gounod, •. the ,, celebrated , , Catholic ... mnsi- , dan. Since then she has always been, like Modjeska, and Anderson, an exeml'lary Catliolic.^^ ^ f ^ Miss Emihe Wagner King one of the Protestant Episcopalian Sisters of St. Mary's, New York, has been received into the Catholic Church. In the Episcopahan sisterhood she has done exce - lent TrnrV- work. Ever uver since Fr. rr. Matunn's Maiunna conversion she has been troubled by doubts. , Two great Catholic inventors have been signally honoured in the^Lmted States recently. Hollands submarine boat has been purchased by the government. at a cost of £35,000, and the National Academy of Sciences at Washington has awarded to Wilhelm Conrad Roentgen, the inventor of the X-ray, the Bernard medal. This medal is nresauted only once in. five years, and is given to the person making the most important scientific discovery during that period. Holland and Roentgen are practical Catholics. Most of the monumental German churches were built between 14o0 and lolo. This shows, writes Janssen in his history, that before the so-called Reformation Germany wagJAtroughly Catliolic and attached ><^|ttRj]j2t«u. In many towns severalAhufcB^^fi^\uilt at the same time—i|i Dtfitaic as^jTatfyVs nine. Frotestantii great vandalism, alone pre rich in w The question of TT • t. - . . - . M, 10 . \ V Heir-Presumptive of Austria,, the ^rcll-: duke Franz Ferdinand, -.with ^Couirfsss / a Sophie Chotek, formerly a^ady-ui-wait/ ing, is not yet definitely se'ttiedf-but a Vienna paper states that the Emper- Archduke, has accorded his permission for the marriage. The wedding will be celebrated with all due ceremonial. The union will not be a morganatic one, and the consort of the Archduke will be recognised as such at Court, but without the rank of Archduchess. Archduke Franz Ferdinand loses none of his rights as heir to the throne, and tne only consequence will be that the children of the marriage will have no claim on the succession to the Austrian and Hungarian thrones. After the death of Archduke Franz Ferdinand, therefore, the succession would fall upon his brother Ott o - Many Catholics of middle age (says the London "Tablet") will remember the visits to Catholic Colleges of Professor Pepper, himself a convert to the Church. Great was the disappointment when he appeared without his ghost; but his lectures, nevertheless, were among the most interesting. The death of the Professor (a title Matthew Arnold fastidiously refused, under all circumstances, to take, but which Ruskin gaily bore), is now announced. Born at Westminster in 1821, and educated at King's College School, he became in 1840 Chcmical Lecturer at the -Granger School of Medicine. In 1847 he gave his first lectures at tlie'iloyai Polytechnic"instltution, of which he afterwards became honorary director. He improved Dirck's rough model, and rendered the exliibition of the ghost,.known as "Pepper's Ghost," a practical thing. The ghost duriug the first six months realised £12,000—a decidedly substantial sum Profcsaor Pepper was an honorary life member of the Institution of Civil Engineers, and a Fellow of the Chemical Society. While in Australia he was publio analyst to the town of Brisbane, holding the appointment for many years. He was the writer of several books, the design of which was to popu- 'arise science for the beginner. 