IN THE HEAD OF NIGHT. (COJtYTUGHT.) BY MAY CROMMELIW. Author of " I'ljneiFB or Slave.' "The Dream Child," " CJucrnic. "Orange Lily." " Dust bofoie Wind," " Love- limits." " For Sake uf the Family," &c.;, fcc. Night was fulling fa si over burn nnd brae as the two giiln mulled clone together in the ukiiinge 1 hfii was rapidly neuiing Home- wood. Although having only parted in muiuiiu'.i'. when both said good-bye to school, they h;id h I liouond things to nsk and tell. being hoH'un fiiciide. "Mil, Mlnio, ih this your home? How hcaiitifiii I uttered Moync U'Nell, craning her head out to admire the Rcene, as they tinned in nt n lodge. To the left the Whitewater brawled hoarsely in ita rocky bod; while on the right llic oak wood n<sc steeply in h glorious nweop of russet foliage. Ahead, llir old house hionied inaneivc on t lie rivi-r hank, f.vn htgli windows glowing with lights, lour t u i ii:if- frowning. "See! tliosu ore my windows," suid Elsie Sibling. 1 hkr I he light to greet trie coining h"iMn. And I like to I; out at the night without being hindered by curia i tut. Some of the tanuiiiy people me frightened at my lii'np. because of mi old legend about a poor gol.one <»f the family, who died in that wing — I'll tell yon (lie hl-oiy another time." Then, in her downright, genial voice, more natural tolierthun a touch of Ncntiiiient: " You'ic pninu toslnv all winter, dear; you must! It's u huu ly for me. being an only child. Hut 1 do Icseeeh you, nevei be Into for dinner ! Jlrcsiu' i«V father " "1 won't! till, Elsie, yvu are a dear! If y«»u km-.w what it is to be IJinderella to six lioni Mricifa! I promise. 'To night I'll jump u, to m.v Ma.'k " "You'll jiiiiip out of your fikin if you atfinpi drowsing. No tun allowed here if von e« me by Into train. I'll keep j'ou com- pon. No thanks! I must! " Mo.vtia understood her friend's warning hcllei ag s litilc later both tripped quielly dmvn thegrcal slnirs, Flill in their traveJIing- dri-pse. having only had time lor a cat's toilet, ns Moyna said. Mar? footman stood watching the clock, with n. hand half roused. The huller Hood wish one Imod already on the knol» of the library door, nnd his anxious eye fixed on the tootman, for ho could not m-e the clock where lie stood. Inside the binary Mr. Stirling was pacing on a regular track up and down (hat Jong room, one hand holding Ids watch, the oi her under his coat rail. J'"»r an instant his gaze left, the eighty- guinea timekeeper to note who entered, and he grunted: " Humph— just saved your life, Mies 0 Neil. One minute more and yon would lie late. Elme, when; Mm dickers is your Auut. Angelina? If she keeps me waiting— Hie red face grew crimson, as he eluod Hill, glowering at the watch; then, in answer to n timiil murmur from the wife, the steam of 1 his simmering wrath was let off jn a violent snort. " (Vital do you say ?— wait ? Wait tor Iady Mac-Taggart ! Because it is her first visit since her husband died! By George! it will he the last if she's not here in one nunule and n quarter !" The three ladies watched his face, on which the veins were swelling ominously. Movna felt brt&thless;, her lieait quite thumped. There! with a glare the host, looked up. In went his watch. The door was thrown open. " Dinner is served," announced the butler. 1 hen from the oak gallery at the top of the stairs piped a shrilly weak voice: " I'm coming !— just coming! Only the steps are ho slippery." And a feebly elegant figure appeared, holding with Obtvnlsliour fright by the balustrade as she descended. Mean time Movna liiouL'ht her host looked like a human hippopotamus about, to have Un apop lectic tit, as, advancing to the door, he— waited. Misguided Lady MacTaggart ! She sim pered in Mr. Stirling's face; spread out a fashionably made green gown, and dropped a low curtsey. " Pray forgive nie (in an affected voice). I wished tn wear my new watered Filk for the first time in your honour. And it was quite a task to understand its fastenings." YV uhuut « word, Mr, Stirling thrust, his elbow at her. The alarmed ladv clasped it with deprecatory finger-tips, and all filed mute into the dining temple. Silently cadi began the soup. The host was last.. Sud denly a roar bum from him. "Cold! Stone-cold!" There followed a volley of spluttering sounds, unintelligible from wrath, like a shower of Hones flung up hy a volcano before eruption. Not a word came in answer. Old Stirling Fhot. one em - bracing glance at the four heat female facet. Then his fury overwhelmed hint, and seifting Ins plate of soup, he poured the eon- tents into Lady MacTaggart 'a lap. " Take that fur your watered silk !" Consternation After the first shriek and Mart, the unhappy guest burst into tears, and mopped each eye in turn with a six-inch "luare of lace. The butler with unmoved face begun wiping the damaged dress, while the lady snuffled in woebegone accents that his efforts were of no use. It was ruined ! fcbc could never wear it again. " Oh, Francis, and it was tier heFt, new, lovely dress!" bleated Mrs. Stirling, shocked 'it the outrage to her sister-in-law. Her small Mock of courage was all exhausted in that murmur, leaving her quite pale. Mr. Stirling was now cnlmud, and eat forc ing a smile of pity for the fonlisliueffi of humankind. He answered jovially, to hide some aecrot shame ! A lovely gown ! Is that your idea of u lovely gown? I call it frightful. Eh, Elsie, \\\ hat do you say?" All eyes turned on Elsie. The girl answered bluntly, in a tone which her parent might Hatter himself was a (vastly improved) copy of hie own, in its bright frankness. " Then give her another,fathcr, as good or better. Auni Angelina, I never did think that green quite becoming. It ought to have been toned down with Ihcc," Old Stirling looked hard at his daughter, to detect any signs of insubordination. Hut her blue eyes wnre innocent in expression as 'hose of a hah v. With real relief he snatched at the BiiggcEtion. "All right! rio 1 wili.nnd do you help your aunt to choose it. There, your lodyi-liip, .vnu can't hit you don't gel the best of that bargain; you get a new gown for your uulv one. Hut you've spoilt uiy dinner, rav ladv. Had as a man can only eat a given number of dfnucre in hiB life, thai can never be ni placed." lady MacTaggart saw at least lliaL she would become the possessor of two good powuB, for Elsie's hint as to hiding the damage with lace flounced over the vratcicd tilk had not been thrown away. So she sweetly smiled with the forgiving air of an experienced martyr; aod the incioent was closed. Only daring the rest of thai evening Moyna O'Keil became almost hysterical in her mirth at any trifling jest; so thai Mr. Staling told her aritb grim approval that " the ma a merry soul and no m&Lake.; ' ' But Elsie's eye was apprehensive, and she took off her friend to bed early, on the plea that after a long journey Moyna must be over- tirod. And so the latter was. " I could not sleep, I know, for an hour yet. Don't go away, dear— stay and obei with mo just for a little while." So Elsie stayed, lightening her conscience by partly undress ing while Moyna did the same; the frieodB unloosing respectively block and golden llfSFOB. 'J hen they both laughed, and chatted and hugged their knees ovor the wood fire with innocent delight in its warmth, like a pair of kittens. Ai they talked, suddenly eleven si ruck in the gallery outside. It was prefaced by h (unhinged wheeze, ns if the old grand father clock wan Hearing the end of his func tions. Moyna shivered. " Dear, oh, dear! It sounded like a death ratt le ! This in a very picturesque old room, Elsie; but I wish it was nearer to yours." And the speaker glanced faint-heartedly round the tapestry-hung chamber, one corner oi which widened into a round turret, pierced with loopholes, that gave an uncanny air to the durfe recess, although it was prosaically used, nowadays, as a wnehiug-oleset. ' I am only at the other end of the gallery. This is my wing, so naturally I wanted you to be in it. There are only two rooms between us; one is uiy flilting-rooni, and the other is bigger and more lonely-looking than thin. You would not have cared for it." Chceiful though the reply was, some in. Unction in the last sentence caught Moyna's quick ear, and she faced sharply lound. "Eligc! Is this wing hauated ? All, you won't answer, but one can see it is, by your face." "<Ih, if it comes to that, there is hardly a coiner of Houicwood that i6 netsnidlobe haunted," returned its heiress with spirit. " Duly this I can assure you, I have never once aeon a ghost myself. Except (reflect ively) when I was quite a small child in the nursery. Then, sometimes at nights, when iny nurse woe down at Buppcr, I used to wake up and see an old woman rocking herself before the tire, wearing a great white cap and n ; little shawl over her shoulders. It never Finjok me tube frightened, but she always vanished when the nurse came in, and so I used to abk where the old woman had gone to. Then my nurso looked queer and told me not to ask questions. Ko— 1 never see any ghosts now. Hut Jock — that's a cousin of mine, who used to come here for holidays —lias the gift. He has Been one in the day light, even. Very uncomfortable" " Did your cousin ever Bee a ghoBt in this wing? And what was it 7" % " Duly a figure, dear; and he could not describe it, except that it seemed searching for sonn'thing," said Elsie, with sweet evasion. " Uenily, Moyna, 1 never dreamt you would be afraid, any more than myself, or you might have had the room next my mother s, ' ' .She was quite vexed at her friend's discomposure, and Moyna. with quick-wilted tact, at once perceived this, and put on a hrnvo smile that deceived her self. " Is it frightened? .No more than you are. Only I am decpernlcly interested, for never, never have I had the luck to be in a haunted house before. And, Elsie, 1 might be one of those mortals who see. It makes one quite thrill with— with fearsome joy." " Heally, I should not wonder if you were. That is the way Jock talks, lie would be very sorry not to see!" murmured Klsio, sur veying Moyna's fealuics. A sudden thought caused ElFie to add im pressively : " And if you do see her, mind you speak. One tihnuld always speak first to a ghost,nnd isk what they want, or if you can help them. It is said that often roleases them from tlinr silence and their penance. Just think or Mm poor souls waning perhaps two or three centuries before anyone will have the cour- courage to address them I Now, promise." " I will. Oh, indeed I will!" cried Moyna, valiantly. " It is a family legend," paid Elsie, re luftantly. The pejisants about here all 1 know it. Still, wc don't, much like Hut, there! I knew yen will not talk about it. Wcl! (after fervent asseverations from the j listener). Mm ghost was :tn awful girl, a poor . cousin of our family. She was brought, up j here, nnd f«» the eldest Ron of the house teJL in Invo wiih her. LI is parents weie very : angry, for they witihed hiiu to marry an heir- ; osn, and they thieatencd to turn the girl out and to disinherit hint. Poor Maysie— ihul _ was her nanio— could not bear to injure her . lover's propKotH ; therefore elie entreated him to go away and forget her. So he went ; to bome wars, or other ; and the old uncle kept her on. for she whs h douce, biddable creature, and useful in housekeeping. But . it broke her heart. J " When the lover said, Go»d-l»>e,' he asked Maysie to keep a light burning in lirr window, so that, if he cauie home at night, lie would know (list shrwas Hill true to him. ; Andso shy did, for two years. It was id one | of these very rooms (I think tu mine, but no tine exactly knows which). After that time j the sou tetuiueii one night, and saw the light. He was overjoyed, and came into the hall a proud man ; fur he had distinguished j himself so greatly in bat-tie that the King hud favoured him, and he meant to marry Maysie— let his puieiits say what they , aright. Then he greeted his father, and t kissed his mother. But ou looking round fur j Maysir, Ills heart sank. .She looked like a j Ftiow wreath inciting away, for shu was dv | ing of decline : but slie heiself was the only one who did not. know that. The man. was wihl with grief, so that his parents' j hearts were touched, and they said the loveis might marry at once, knowing that' ftluyaie could nol last long, | " The wedding whs fixed for next day, ; aud Maysie was as happy that evening— so the country folk tell the talc — as a bird in springtime with its mate. Rut when mora- j ing came they could not wake the bride for the wedding. The joy must have been too nmt-h for her little Ftirngib. She had died ' :it dawn. And ever since it if believed that the light is still seen burning by pome per- i sons at night. And the ' searehing figure ' ih also supposed to tie poor Mnvsie, though what she is looking for no one knows." Looking for her lost. liapjniH's?," uuir- inuird Mtiynn. pityingly, "lib, Elsie, you an- not going ? Do tell niu what became of the lover?" " 1 must gel to bed. It ih nearly midnight. 1 As to the lover lie mourned awhile and thru married ihe heitess. My obi mi rise used to tell i lie stniy, and she always ndded— Just like a man!' Now dear, good- night." Elbicwus gone; ami Muyim found her self alone, j Alone, but no longer afraid, as she looked ' once muiv round the old Inshioucd chamber, j whntio. walls luid hern the inijte witm-hse of 1 lie dead maiden's lonely wecpiDg mid gradual fading nwuy. UHtliei', Mnyini wof fo cxrdtcd in mood that, glancing towards the turret corner, she fell as if. were the, pale spirit form of (he lovelorn Mavpie to glide forth, she (Movnu) had the pity aud courage not only t« oiler bor gentle sympathy in words, but even to clasp living araiB round that evanescent . figure and imprint u warm kiss on its pure aod pallid brow. J What matter that the logs had burnt low to a heap of white ashes, beneath which lurked a mere dull glow 7 The bine figures of Baochus and his train might seem t<o move on the old tapestry, as a faint draught etirred them, caused by Elsie's closing of the door. Let it wave ! Many another might imagine vain terrors, but not this girl ! No, for- — " For, though as sensitive to impressions as anyone, or more so by far than most thick-wilted prigs, J " Aod Moyna, with an overwhelming sense of fatigue as she stood op, sought the wooden four-poster bed which was throned against the inner wall. Wearily she extinguished the candle., and curled down into the deep feather couch; gratefully laid her head un the lavender- Bceoted pillows. Then she eoded her unspoken soliloquy. " I have the true courage of the mind— not the body. Like Tu— like Turenoe. . . quaking before— what battle was it ? . . . Afraid, general t Gentlemen ! if any one of you was half afraid as I am, you would run— run. " Thereupon a deep sleep felt upon Moyna O'Neil. How many hours had passed she knew not when Moyna reused from that heavy and drowsy slumber. Starting, she became aware that a noise must have stArtled ""er ear— the click of the opening door. Surely the housemaid was coming to wake her. That, was a streak of daylight — No ! No! With a suddeo chilling of the blood, Moyna became aware that it wasatillthe dead of night, for the room was plunged in darkness but for a thin streak of light that seemed to come from far, far away. And — What was that ? Within the projected beam nf the faint light, which seemed to be that of another world, a white Bpirit form was gliding towards her. A slight woman's outline, that Btole forward, pausing, as if fearful— Maysie, the ghost! Big drops of sweat broke out on Moyna's forehead; her heart thumped with heavy strokes against her side. Yet — with all praise be it said — in spite of that awful terror which almost always seizes the living when face to face with % being of the un known land, the thought darted through the girl's brain that her promise must be kept. She must question the ghost. With gasping breath, in acceots that were forced straight from the throat— for her quivering lipe refused their office— Moyna bravely did her duty. ' What — d'ye want 7" Her ears strained to bear if the epirit would indeed answer; she held her breath, every nerve quivering. It did speak. Low, but very clear, in a singularly soothing murmur, came the whis pered words; ' I've come for my body!" Moyna's heart seemed to stand still. With fascinated eyes she dimly beheld the figure moving fotward in the setni-durkness, with outstretched hands, feeling thechaini, search ing— searching. The horror of it was too much to bear With a faint groan, the terrified girl sank back nnd smothered her head under the bed clothes. An hour Inter. Moyna still lay thus, quak ing S6 if suffering from ague. Oh, it one awful! Wag that poor soul in pain still there, in the chamber it occupied long ago, when alive and young, among other human beings ? Was it still groping blindly, vainly seeking its lost youth, its beauty and maiden, hood, all withered in the bud ? Torn away from glad life on her wedding morning, would poor Maysie's soul never find rest ? For Moyna had bravely striven to aid the ghost— in vain ! Still it had gone on search' ing, as for nigh two centuries it had sought; hopelessly, in disquiet and disappointment. At last, with a supreme effort, the courageous girl forced herself to look out again fear fully. with distended eyes. The room was now plunged in utter darkness. All was quiet. What a relief! Yet, once again, Moyna cowered down into the shelter of the en wrapping bed- clothes, almost as if they were the walls of a beleagured fortress. And, feeling that it was safest neither to fee nor hear m this awesome room, she again covered her head. In this situation, the sound of the old grandfather clock still slowly knelling the hours, a? it were, could not penetrate to Moyna's heanug. But it must have been loug, long afterwards, and she>eecini:d to have only just fallen asleep, exhausted with the terror of mind ehe had undergone, when she wah roused. The room was filled witfi brondidaylight, Elsie was standing at the beside, smiling, while a maid behind her carried a breakfast tray. Wake up. sleepy-head ! You liave nearly slept the clock round. Why, I have had tu pull I he sheet fairly well off you. Do you always sleep with your head wrapped up like pn Egyptian mummy ?" Moyna put her hand to her dazed, aching bmw. " Oh, Elsie de-ar, I have had a dreadful night! Till long pasLdaylight I never closed " My poor dew! (With readyuiympalhy. Then in comforting protest.) Well. 1 can't understand that. For, ccrUiinly, you were skepv enough when I camefinto your room again last night. You quite grunted when I Hpoke to you." " I grunted. . . ." Then in tragjctoncs: "Elsie 1 beseech of you, tell tne at once when you came to my room again last night., and why ?" Elsie's big blue eyes widened as if 6he thought her friend was either dibCraoglLt, or that in sleep memory had paitiully loft Moyna. Very cleartv she made reply. It was about three minutes after 1 had snid good- night, or, at most. five. .Don't you remember, I opened the door, and you .asked what I wanted ? So I said: "I'm come for the body of my dress.' " " For the body of your dress ?" "Yes.dear child. Why doyoulook so queer? Don't you i-eraember, as I had not changed from my morning gown, on -your account j 1 look off the body in hero ? /tflcrwards I j remembered, and came back,. as Jl- wanted to i wear it. to-day. (Put down the » breakfast- i tray. Jcanic.) And a nice hunt.lij'hau, grop ing in half-darkness, for, neverthfiiikiog you would have got into bed so quidkly. 1 left my candle outside in the gallery." j " Oh, Elsie! Elsie.!" And Moyna O'Neil burst, into nttit of wild, ! almost wiM- pmg, laughter. But forulie saving hcnbc of humour she wouJd have frgone into hysterics. (The End.) 