A MUCKffOLE. PICTURESQUE SHERIDAN-ST. Tub bog-hole in front of the post affico seems to sit hcavly on the alder manic chest. It is like Banquo's ijhost — it will not down. At the meeting on Monday evening Aid. Dodd wound \ip a speech in favor of contract work by triumphantly ex claimtng, ' If wo had done the work in Sheridan-street by contract it would not have cost more than £80 — ana not»iou. The Mayor thought the Council was iu a difficult position. On the one hand they had Aid. Dodd and on tho other Aid. Warbrick, and his opinion was that tho two aldermen never agreed at any time. If they got the street to Aid. Dodd's level — Aid. Dodd— No, not Aid. Dodd's levels, the proper town levels. I came into tliis Council to protect the rate payers aud stop their money from being squandered illegally. If the Council is going to spend 80 or 100 per cent, more of the ratepayers' money than was necessary I can: not help it. Aid. Warbrick said they had proof of the merits of day work and con tracting. As to the cost of Sheridan street, they had only one man's opin ion — Aid. Dodd's. There was Fnnch laue bridge. When the contract was let for it it was to cost only £79, bat before it was finished the cost totalled over £160. That's how they saved the ratepayers' money. Aid. Janes — Any man with an eye can see that Sheridan-street is 18in. too high. And as for the road in front of the post office, a coach was stuck there a day or two ago, and nearly capsized. This brought the retort from Aid. Warbrick, ' Oh, you should pnt horses in it;' and Aid. Janes replied with warmth that there were equines in it and good ones, too. jliiu iij-ii^ui kuiu uu one wus super vising the work in Sheridan-street. They had a maintenance man, but they wanted a clerk of works; Aid. Janes said True was appointed clerk of works as well as maintenance man. 'Never mind, True's a good, man,' roplied Aid. Warbrick. Aid. Ryan thought they had heard enough of tho matter, and Aid. Dodd, thinking it had finished chipped in with, ' Well it cost £80 more, than was necessary.' But the Mayor took np the thread of discourse. l?or years it had been nothing but Sheridan-street. Before next election — (Aid. Dodd — See that yon get out of Sheridan-street) — Aid. Janes wanted money spent on other works that now only got a patching. Aid. Warbrick said that a fow years ago tho burden of the complaint was that all the money was being spent in Punch-lane. Now it was Sheridan street. This brought the reply from Aid. Ryan that Sheridan-street ' wns Guudagai.' ' But don't you think we have spent too much on it ?' asked .the Mayor. Aid. Ryan neatly repiied, ' No, not enough.' ' And dono no thing in other parts of the town,' said the Mayor with a note of sorrow in his voice. ' Ah, we must think of pur poor friends as well as those who are making money in Sheridan-street.' Later on the ' nightmare' again got hold of tho Councillors. It was brought on per medium of a motion moved by Aid. Warbrick to call for tenders for 500 yards of 2-i- inch blue metal. They might do with less than that quantity on Sheridan- street and there wore other streets in the Muni cipality on which the remainder could be used. But Aid. Matthews was sceptical; there Was ' enough mud in Sheridan street to swallow the whole 500 yds. Aid. Warbrick opined that they conld get the 500 yards at 5s. a yard £100. It could be broken on ihe roadway to. save cartage — but this raised a general protest; thero was not enough room in front of the Post Office — besides it was too risky. Aid. Janes sounded a note of warn ing ; if tho Council continued the roaclway in front' of Cauvarel's — and not according to tho levels — they would get notice to stop. Hore sonio cross-firing took place between Aids. Janes aud Warbrick, the former contending that some of tho footpaths were above the levels, and tho lattor denying it. Aid. Dodd thought Aid. Janes had given thorn a key to what they might expect afterwards. Ho opposed call ing for tenders for 500 yards, 250 yards would be ample. Let them call for tho work in small lots, so as to give the littlb man a chance. Ho was going on- to 'refer to the unfortunate position of the road in front of tho Post Office, when Aid. Matthews sug gested that the road would stand ?' bailing out.', Aid. Dodd pressed his arguments homo, amidst a babel of aldermanic eloquence, during which tho Mayor could bo heard exclaiming 'Wo can't bo always thinking of Sheridan-street.' Eventually it was decided to call for tenders for 125 yds of 3in. metal and- 125 yds. ;2in. metal, in lots of 50 yds. 