2\0TES A2CD COMMENTS. The period for -which the House of. Commons is elected is seven years, but in no instance since the passage of the Reform Bill of 1S32 has the House existed for its full term. The longest period of time between two general elections has been six years, and and in one instance less than a year saw the House sent to the country-on the occasion'of Mr. Gladstone's appeal to the couutry on the Houie Rule Bill, which the Lords threw out. The result was disastrous to his Govern ment. That was in liSSli. During the last 32 years the House of Commons has been dissolved seven times, which gives an average of about four years and a half for each Par liament. General elections took place m 18GS, 1S74, 1SS0, 1SS5, ISS'3, 1S92 and 1S95. The present House is not quite five years old, and has, therefore, over two years to run. Yet rumors are in circulation that the Government, taking advantage of the success which has attended Lord Roberts's cam paign, will dissolve the House almost imme diately. It is not in the least likely that any such course will be taken while the war remains unfinished, but it is quite possible that pfter the conclusion of peace the Government may advise the Queen to dis solve the House. There is no doubt that the Government, which is very strong as it is in the numbers of its . followers in Parliament, could not select a more favorable time for an appeal to the country. The successful conclusion of the war would give the Government the benefit of thousands of votes throughout the kingdom. When Disraeli returned to Eng land from the celebrated Berlin Conference in 1S7S, crowned with glory and bringing "ueace with honor," he was the idol of the hour, and could have appealed to the country with a certainty that his Government would return to office, but he deferred, the appeal till 1S80, and his Government was defeated^ and his own political life practically extin guished, for he died the following year. It is quite within the bounds of probability that the Salisbury Government will make an early appeal to the couutry once the war is over and the terms of peace are settled. Whether Japan is mobilising her ships of war on account of the troubles in China caused by the "Boxer:! rebe's, or whether the step is due to some, as yet, undeveloped action on the part of Russia in Corea. is not altogether apparent, though the proposal of Russia to land troops in order to quell the rebellion, appears to be quite as distasteful to the Japanese as it is to the European nations. Japan's orders for mobilisation seem to have stirred up ihnc phlegmatic Chinese governing body, the Tsun^-li-Yamen, to a keener sense of the seriousness of the situation, and it has hastened to'asiure its energetic neighbor that it does not want Russian assistance, and hr.s told the officers of the Northern Bear so. China lias a lively recollection of the last war, and evidently is not anxious to,have the Japs shaking up the dust of the Imperial Court with their rnoderiL guns and explosives. Whether Japan is to meet the Colossus of the !North or to take a hand when the Powers renew the task of dividing China,' she is evidently preparing from both a military and naval point of view for either emergency. For the last 26 years conscription on the European model has been in force, and her troops, which are drilled by European officers, principally Germans, are all supplied with the most modern arm? of precision, and both officers and men are brought to a high -state of efficiency. If Japan; has been spending money on her army, she has also keen developing a navy c f no mean pretensions, contf-ining battleship?, cruisers, torpedo gunboats, destroyers and torpedo bolts of the most modern type. She has battleships such as the Fugi and Yashima, of 12,500 tons and 14,000 h.p., carrying four 12:u. b. ar.d 10 (iin. q.f. guns, the - more recently-built Shikishima, of 14..850 tins, with four 12in. 49 ton guns, 14 quick-Sring Gin. guns, and 12 quick-firing 12-pounders as her leading ships in a large number of cruisers, gunboats, torpedoes, etc. Japan depended upon the Chinese indemnity to meet her-increased (jatlay upon the army and navy, but this was insufficient, and she has been compelled to r-iise a loan of some £'14,000.000 for her requirements, which add to. the responsibilities of the empire. Japan, in view of early possibilities, is hurrying for ward some of the contracts for warships, and. the most modern artillery which British and foreign contractors hare in hand, and she appears determined that she shall have a ray in t'aosu-Eastern developments, whichmust, more or less, affect not merely her commerce and. trade, but her entire iutore. ' . . While all are jubilant at the decision of the Minister of Mines to test the Ellesmere reefs at deeper levels, it is obvious that the immediate effect of the proposal will be to render mining operations less active than heretofore. The Government having under taken to prove the deep ground, the public and private companies are naturally uwill- ing to enter upon any exploratory work until the result of the Government operations are known. Numbers of the mines are fast working out the proved ground, and in the absence of an immediate incentive to test their ground lower down, they are compelled to gradually slacken hands and await develop- ments. The erection of more powerful machinery also remains in abeyance, and generally speaking the field is in a state of comparative stagnation. These conditions , are to a certain extent unavoidable, but by pushing on the Government shaft with all haste the evil may be reduced to a minimum, There are a number of preliminaries to be arranged, and it is to be hoped that the Mining department will get these disposed of with more expedition than some Government departments fre- quently exhibit. So far there has been no cause to complain of departmental dilatori- ness, and there is good reason to hope, from the favorable opinion formed concerning the field by Mr. Outtrimi that the scheine will be pushed to an early .conclusion . |. EIGHT PAGES.--Our issue this morning i consists of eight pages. "r : THE MINISTERIAL VISIT,-The town clerk has'been informed that the Premier and mem-, bers of the Ministry will arrive, in "Beiidigo on Tuesday next by'special train, at about 1 p;m., and will return shortly after S p. m. TIIF. ESCAPED PKISONER.-The prisoner Peter -Lee, alias William Baker, alias William Henderson,-who escaped, from police custody on Thursday, after, the" Police Court, had not been re-captured up .to. a late hour last night, though the whole of the police of Bsndigo. and the surrounding districts were on the aiert. j Dete'ctire. Wilson" aud ?' Plainclothes.constable i'tXaylorJifve the . task of'searching specially-in hand, it is known that after Lee ; had. had a drink at tlfe Hustler^ Reef hotel he was seen sitting oi£;a fence. He-visited a ^house-ih'tlte city ancVobtained a change of clothes. - L e is a' native of .Tasmania,. and ; has ."a *, number of convictions recorded against him, bis last sen tence being 12 months for larceny at Charlton, in March of last year. - The most careful look -out-was kept ;at the trailway stations of . the district yesterday, but no-further trace of{Lee's movements has been discovered. It is consi dered that he is still about the district. ; Poixruos OF OUR WATER SLTPLY. The following clause in the report ot the health officer (Dr. J. M. Eadie) was considered by the committee, c-f. the-whole council -yesterday: -- "I have,; held--for some time past that our.drinking water.is im-, pure, and evidence of this lias been published in the Melbourne papers within the last day or two. In- conversation with an officer of tlie Health department, he- assured'me-that he'' had found cesspits a few yards distant from a tributary of the Coliban, and thai people" in this area were in the, habit of .burying.night soii in their, gardens." The eormmttee'deeided to forward the report on to the Central Board of Health. ...... ... City OrxciL.-The committee of then-hole conneil njet yesterday at 4he-Town Hall. - Pre .sent';'-The- -mayor . (Cr" il'Gowaa) and Cis. :Harkriess; --Ltr/.arus,- ^Marks, Bailes, Hoskins and Ryan:. 'A number of questions referred ;"to the committee -having -been disposed of, and' "TjrfiiehV'are referred to-'«lsewhere, the meeting 'adjournal. .. . . _ . THE Er.KCTino Lioht.-It transpired at '.he mooting .of tlie-committee of .the whole council yeiteruay-that the city surveyor .had submitted a report to Mr. DeaUiti, r.sr.r.ager of the new connany, on the auestu-n of the I'e.Iistnijtitio:! of the street lights". The e.-rar.geir.eat, how ever. was'that a 'joint rt-pen by the surveyor and Mr. ] kin was to i - submitted to the eoimei!, and. therefore, the t..r w.v>-: not farther discussed. GRANTS AND DONATIONS.-The committee "of the whole council .yesterday recommended the following annual grants and donations :-Ben digo Hospital, £150 ; Bendigo Benevolent Asylum, £150 ; Mechanics' Institute, Bendige, £'37 10s : Mechanics' Institute, "Long Gully, I. £34, 10s : Working.Men's Club, Golden-square, ' £34 ] Os; Temperance Hall Free Library, £25. f-Eje and Ear Hospital, £15 : School of Alines, £10 : Watson Sustentation Fund, £20-; Dorcas Society, £7 : Sc.. Paul!sWorkbasket, £~i : Good intert, Society, £7 ; St. Vincent de. Paul Society, £7 ; Bendigo Rescue Home, £'5 7s ; blind teacher, £3 ; Blind- Asylum, "£2 ; Orphan Asylum, £2; Deaf and Dnmb Insti tute, £2 2s ; Protection of Animals Society, £lls : Gordon Institute, £1 ; Hospital for Sick Children, £2 : Convalescent Home for 'Women, £2 ; total, £523. No action was taken with re gard tothe following new applications:-Austin Hospital for Incurables, Victorian Aseociaiion Braille Writers, Victorian Sanatorium for Consumptives, Discharged Prisoners' Aid So ciety, Convalescent Aid Society for Men. A DIVORCE SUIT.-Amongst the cases-listed for hearing at the Bendigo Supreme Court sittings, commencing on Tuesday next, is a divorce.suit, the petitioner being Charles Hall, and the respondent Jane Hall. The co-re spondent is William Wilson. TUB ENGLISH MAIL.-The P. and 0. Com pany's R.M.S. Peninsular, with English files to 11th May, arrived at Albany on Thursday, morning. The Bendigo portion of her mails should be available for delivery on Monday. BEXDIGO Supreke Cottrt.-On Tuesday next the June sittings of the Supreme Court wil be commenced before lis Honor Mr. Jus tice Holroyd. The following is the list: - Criminal cases-Michael Reardon, shop break ing and stealing at Ecliuca; "Edward Culien, larceny from a dwelling; Cliarles Williams, sheep stealing at Serpentine, two charges; William Taylor, horse stealing; Emma Lees, abandoning a male infant at Maryborough; John Gleeson, illegally removing goods" at Sea Lake. Civil case-Ciesar Killiger v. James Roberts, damages for breach of agree ment, £1000. _ The LATE MS. John Benwick.;-The re ? mains-. of_.tbe late Mr. Jolin Iteuwick were interred ill the Beudigo Cemetery yesterday sfteni0i>n. . The lracibeT ,ot representative people'-wlio-tGok "part in the cortege was a striking testimony to Use esteem in 'which the deceased gentleman ;was' Itcld.-.- " Amongst those; lit .attendance ."a-ere-Mr. D. ?. Sterry, 'M.L.A., The mayo* (Jlr. 'SrH. ii'Oiowan), Cr. Harkness, Dr.". Jsk^Boyd, and -Alvesrs. Albert Bush and'Stojfrart; 'Messrs. Sicholl; and Tinc kell, who are-connected with the firm of Pen wick and Co., were the chief mourners, and a larce number' of business and professional ; people, together with-representatives of lead in^ Melbourne houses, also took jiirrt. Tiie" coffin," a massive oak-one, with'; beautiful mounting?, "was borne to the grave by the employe's of 'the; firm- of'which'-the" deceased steutleman was the. hc-ad. The Ten. Arcli Seacon MacCullagh read the burial service of the Church of England, and gave an im pressive address. The funeral arrangements were carried out by ;Mr-. T. .Snyer, -of"Bridge street. THE TOIVX ? CLOCK.-At 12.30 yesterday morning the town clock stopped,-and the fact that a section of the porcelain dial was miss ing during the greater part of the day was the subject ai much conjecture. It afterwards transpired, however, that it had been tem pcrarilv removed by. Mr. J. Osborne-, who u;.s charge'of the clock, in ordcr.to facilitate the worl-f of repairing it. After the lapse -ol several hcurs, the clock was again put m Lvre ME. P. SPAIX.-The mortal re mains of the late Mr. Patrick Spam were in terred in the White Hills Cemetery yester day afternoon. The cortege was a lengthy one Amongst those -who attended were Mr. R O'Xeill, "M.L.A.. Messrs. D. Cleary, W. Sheahan. D. Andrew. W. Ryan, II. M'Devitt, G. Pritchard. M. and J. Sexton, P. Lyons, and J. M'Malion. Messrs. P. Roiighan, J. Gordon. J. Breen, and P. Kane acted as coffin bearers. The burial service was read by Father OCarroll. Messrs. Fizelle and Mul queen conducted the mortuary arrangements. THE Tows H.'.T.T. LIGHT.-A petition and cowiter petition were. brought_ under the no tice of the council in committee yesterday afternoon, with respect to the light on the Town Hall tower. The petitioners wanted the ligfht removed to a more central posi tion in Bull-street, -while the counter petiti oners on the other side and. about the Town Hall objected.. Cr. Hoskius thought that the matter should be deferred until the new ar rangements with regard to the lighting of the city were made. "The town clerk remarked that the light from Pall Mall showed so clear ly along-Bull-street that he.had been able to read by it oil the Town Hall steps. . The sug gestion by Cr. Ho skins was adopted, and the light will remain where it is -for- the present. SLAYING A CAB HORSE.-It is not generally considered a difficult matter to kill, a horse by the application, of a blow -or a bullet, but yesterday a cab horse, owned by Mr. J. C. Hollman, almost baffled the well-meant but badly directed' efforts of those who undertook the task. JTlie horse was severely injured while running in the cab, and it was decided to-shoot him in the yard of the Cavalry hotel. A revolver was procured and four shots were lodged in- the animal, but without fatal ef fect! . The horse-was then bludgeoned with an axe, but lie_survived even, this rude but . often ' effective method of causing "speedy death.' At last the horse's throat was cut : and" the; animal, gave -up the ghost. There may be some climatic influence at work which accounts for the apparent longevity of Bendigo cab'horses and their tenacity of life, but the next' time" one is to be.sent out of existence, it would be as well if the operation were en trusted to some person who knows how to go about the business, instead of inflicting un necessary torture on a dumb creature. Parade OP CADETS.-The half-yearly in spection and parade of the 1st Battalion of Cadets took place yesterday afternoon on Camp Hill. There were 565 cadets present, the detachments represented being Bendigo Centra!, Gravel Hill, Yiolc-t-street". Goldon srjuare, Eaglehawk, Eehuca, Kyneton and Heathcote. The officers present were Captain Adit. Lugg, Lieutenants Opie, Eeid, Parker, Partridge, James, Forbes, Trolaad, and Tal bot. The cadets were in command of Lieut. Opie, who was submitting himself for ex amination for promotion to the rank of cap tain. After the cadets had been put through several exercises, including charging, Colonel Henry, the inspecting officer, addressed the young soldiers on a few points resardino- dis cipline and appearance, and intimated" that Lieutenant Opie had gone through an excel lent examination, and he would" have much pleasure m recommending him for promotion to the rank of captain. A. PIONEER FOOTBALLER.-Thomas Storey, whose death occurred on Mor.dav last in the Bendigo Hospital, was one of "the pioneer footballers of Bendigo. As far back as 1573 the deceased, together with Messrs. A. S. Bailcs, F. jDickasi.n, and A. Allsop, founded the Bendigo Football plub, of which Mr. W. J. Long, father of Dr. Long, was the first president. -Storey, at that time, was probably the best footballer in the Bendigo district, and was well-known liy reason of his brilliancy on the field. His death, from [ consumption, was received with regret by many old time friends, who hare keen re collections of deceased's prowess as an athlete. . BEXDIGO PHILOSOPHICAL SOCIETY.-This society, which held its annual meeting re cently, has very nearly completed its syllabus of lectures for the year. In addition to an address by the president, the Kev. A. S. C. James, at the inaugural consersazione on Thursday evening next, the following lectures are promised:-"The Black Death," by Dr. W. P.- Xorrls, D.P.H.: "Municipal Progress in Great Britain and Victoria," by Mr. W. A. Hamilton, M.L.A. ; "The Eighteenth Cen tury," by the Eev. J. H. Mackav; vHistorv of-Steam," by Mr. J. Sarvaas, B.A., M.C.E.r '.William Morris/', by Mr: A. T. Woodward; '-Humor and -Pathos,", by Mr. W. Davis: JTsiglit," by Mr. J. Beebe" "What We Have Done -with our-Lands," by Mr. J. H. M'Coll," M.L.A.; ^Constitution Building," bv. Dr! Qu:ck; a lecture on a musical subject by Dr. Long,-and one on philology by Mr. GT. i.H; Freemaii, M.A. Copies of the syllabus will probably be ready on Monday. oHtLxts csHEDS FOB STOCK.--At the com mittee lrieeting of, the City Council yesterday an application'for shelter sheds at the Muni cipal A'nbatoirs" for cattle and sheep was dealt with. -The inspector, though personally opposed to the expenditure, recommended the application, as. the . private killing yards in the immediate neighborhood had adopted the system of sheds. - It'was decided that the surveyor should' furnish an estimate of the COSt..' ' . ; i;- : V. ... ' . - . ' * ' Accoukt.ccts* ExAiiixixiox.-^At the re-. . cent -examination' held ir. connection With the -Federal Institute of Accountants in Atiril, G. Fred-. JWalter, accountant, of the firm, of -Messrs.'G. H.-Ho"bson and Co.-, was smc-; cossful in passim;,-and. has been admitted _ns an associate of the institute. The subjects were- bookkeeping, auditing, company law, insol veury law, partnership and e.veoutors' ac counts, mercantile law raid arbitration,, and awards. ? The ^uejujation was conducted niv d-?r the - su|!fS"isicn. c£~i£r, J. >'J. Stanfield. ;ihc lcre.3^r?J}r^i^tativo :nfinstitute. " lxnijfpo§^0^-The friends'/ft _\Tr. Joseph Bell, {etfraGcT.-iC-iVitlif-. Wat- cr-"1 &pplv; Trust, rail i-4^.tN is.vAry ill. He has beeii'aranied threr^'moulhs'Heave of ab ?sence. * V N-^. FALSE AIIRIT.-Just before three o'clock this morning the fire brigade was called out bv the breaking of the street- alarm at Dowd's store in MTvor road. Investigation proved that the alarm was again broken by vandals, and the brigade returned to the depot. A DISCHARGED COUNCIL EMPLOYE.-Some time ago the city surveyor discharged one of the atouebreakers' overseers' on the grounds that lie allowed inferior stone to be broken, and that'he neglected to visit some of the depots as frequently as he was instructed to do. The workman in question wrote an ex planation to the council, and it. was considered by thb:'committee' of the. whole during its sitting yesterday afternoon. The explana tion was to the. effect that, the ^workmen hod informed the'inspector that* the inferior stone had been brought to the depot during his .absence," and that he had visited the depots as frequently as possible.' Ho had been' for 16 years iu the employ of the council, and he considered that lie" had been" severely d°alt with. Cr. Hoskins stated that he pre«uir>ed that the surveyor and his assistant had 'no motive 111 com"- any injustice to ilie employe m question, wTiose name' is John KemWv The surveyor stated that he was fuuv ned m taking the action he did.- Cr" Hark ness said that the council had to look to its oir.cers to obtain fair value for the ratenavr-rs" money, but-if, in the'instance referred to the surveyor ' could place 'the workman at some other employment, it would be as well He moved that the committee take no further action in the matter. This, was carried. ?WST Coi?TVTM,e5;rs- J- G? Etoante, -las. Hedley, and Dr. Jas. Boyd, Js:r.; presided 3 esterday. Patsey' Power, wlio was arrest ed the previous " evening by Constable Gor manby ;wa?.charged .with. - vagrancV, ' and S111-'" ' "The- 'arresting constable do'tnfl t' ab°Ut 9;?° °n the. jii?ht "Mentioned deicndam was making himself objectionable neai ,.he Law Courts hotel.- Serjeant Kil feder nnormed the bench-that the" man was a great nuisance m the nty, and'this was L-i« fourth appearance-during" the?? orient vi*-' Defendant was sent to gablfor three months." several debt-cases vera disnwed of; and tb< court adjourned. - PEKSOXAJ..-Mrs- Hallandher little daughter, who have just returned from a trip "round the world m company rata Miss Lily Kni^bt, na» e taken a suite of zconis at. thi hotel Sham roe^ and will spend.a few months in Bendiso. T 1' 13 aet0WPanied bv her mother, Airs J. u. \Vats3n,.sear. .1.1" THE 'HEATHER.-The weather continued cold yesterday, but the south. wind,-which has e5ste£."^°,r th? ;Pa?t -iluree.I.&sys;,.'-lulled con siderably last; evening- . The?readings "at 3fr.. * ? -9*. Edwards',,- jeweller,' ~Tvc-rer-'Thcr mometcr 9 a.m., .46; 12, '59: . 3 p.m., to, 6 p.m.. 52; maximum, 60; minimum. **. - Barometer-9 a.a'. 29.97: 12.. 29.79 . 3 p.m., 29.67; 6 p.m., 29.70. "The forecast for io-day iiutil noon is:-Generally fine inland, cloudy, with occasional. showers in f.vtreree east, and parts of the coast; light "south asterly winds, and slight sea. " FVN-EBAL.-Tlie funeral of the late Mr. ^laitui Meanoy, who died in the hospital on Wednesday, took place yesterdnv to the "White Hills Cemetery. There were abuut 40 vf-.ncles in the mournful cortege. Th» pall bearers were.Messrs. M. and P. Cochran T. ;>tapleton. and T. Sexton. The lie v. Father O Carroll read the burial service, and Messrs. I'izeile and Mulqucen, of Bridge-street wee the undertake!?. = ' JonoYu'vy Co ACHE r IT. DEn s.-A mctin"' was hc-id at the Trades Hall last ni^ht." Mr. T. Coatli occupying the chair. The object ot the meeting was to test the feeling- of the coachbuiiders as to the advisabiiitv ox t^eir being brought under the Shops and Factories | Act. The chairman pointed out that it had bi!en, su"S<-'sted that the local coachbuiiders should co-opemte with the Melbourne associa tion, and petition Parliament to have t^em brought under the control of the Act. After the matter had been discussed in a desultory way. it was decided to adjourn the meeting until Friday next. " OP.ATOEIO" PEHFOJIMASCE.-Mcndel-sho;i'= great oratorio "Elijah"'will be produced' un der the condnetorship of Mr. E. R. G. An drews, in Angnst. A cordial invitation is extended to the choirs and vocalists of th district- to participate in the performance of this great work. IVAXGAEOO _ FLAT . FIRE BRIGADE.-The monthly meeting of members was held on i.iursday evening. There was a g^od atten dance. Captain J. Okey presided. A letter «as received from the secretaiT 0f the Ec digo Brigade, stating that it "had been de cided 1O hold the next annual demonstration in this city, and that one share each would be allotted to the Kangaroo Flat. Lon Golden-square, and " Eaelehawk brigades] while three shares would be retained b=v the . Bendigo bngadc, and requesting to know if they would co-operate on those terms. VftC considerable discussion, the matter was left in tne hands of the captain. The secretarv cr the Country Fire Board wrote, intimating that the board had a lease for 10 vears of the site on which the bell tower was "erected. A donation cf 10/6 was voted to the Shearer fund. It- was resolved to discontinue the ringing oi the firebell in celebration of the Bntisn victories in South Africa, as it tend ed to misbad the residents. The dol!= com posing the Highland Begiment, which attract ed considerable attention in the recent Easter Fair procession, were- disposed of amongst- the members. THEATRE ROYAL, ^MELBOUBKE.-To-ni^t and following nights a new nautical drama entitled "On Active Service/- will be staged at the Theatre Eoyal. The piece is spoken of as a. very entertaining one, possessing =ome rerv bright features. It is being, produced i under the sc-.e management of Mr. "William Anderson. . i THE GAIETY GIRL.-A fair house assembled to witness the concluding performance of "The ! Gaiety Girl' at the theatre last evening. To- i n'ght 'In Town"' will be staged. DEBATING COMPETITIO.V. - A debate took piace_ m fet. Andrew's schoolroom on Thursday evening between teams representing S^. MSrk'i and St. Andrew's Debating Societies' on "the question "Has the Beheading of Cba'-'e= I .justinab'e from a Moral Point of View " "§t" -uarkstoik the? affirmative sice. The jud<-e* were Messrs. G. S. Bisset, A. Parker and \V.=.L .JacKsoii. Alter sil the arguments had been *si lortn on both sides, the judges declared Si. Mark's competitors the -R-inners, they bavins secured 1,3 points against 170. A hearty voti oi tnanss trss passed to the chairman and judges on the mition o£.\Ir. M. Morris, seconded by Mr. \ roland. THE "Wi.vDioE MAGAZIXK,"-Fror.i Mr Hampton we are in receipt of the May number of the "Windsor Magazine." It contains an interesting illustrated article concerning Lady But er, the well- known British battle painted, while Guy Boothby's serial "Lons Live the 2-lng;" If brought to a conclusion, and Harrv iurniss likewise gives the last of his "Canadian ^ke.ches. . "Two Thousand Miles in the Antarctic Ice is an entertaining pictorial article by Dr. F. A. Cook, and there are znanv other features of interest in the number THE INGLEWOOD HOSPITAL.-The Inglewood Hospital requires a certificated trained narse to act as assistant day nurse. - The salary is fixed at £25 per annum, and applications mist be lodged on or before Monday, 13th inst. The GEXMAN" BALL.-The annual masque ball in aid of the D°.utseher Yerein Free Library will be heid on the 14th August in the Town Hall. TOTAI, ABSTINENCE SOCIETT.-A varied programme will be given, under the auspices of the above, by the Quarry -ill Elocution ary Class and. other performers, in the Tem perance llall or. Tuesday, l"2th inst. An at tractive item, which will be included in the programme, is a dialogue (in six scenes), en titled "A Girl's Mistake." Selections will bc rendered during the evening by the Temper ance Orchestra. BENEFIT TO MR- Ch. H. King.-In our ad vertising columns ! appears the preliminary announcement of the complimentary benefit which is being tendered to jUr. Ch. H. King, on the occasion of his leaving Bendigo. The entertainment will take the form of an "olio," in which most of the professional artists of Bendigo will take part. In addition to Mr King himself, Hiss Lili Sharp will also ap pear, and a feature of the entertainment will be the performance of a comedy by Mr. and Mrs. H..A. Leighton and the members of their Amateur Dramatic Company. Many other attractive items comprise what is advertised as "a monster programme." The charge for admission is one shilling, a few chairs being reserved at two shillings, and the entertain ment in under the patronage of his worship the mayor, who with many other leading citi zens, lias promised to be present. Mr. King has done' much for the musical art ill Ben digo, and his services in this respect, and also in conncction with charitable entertainments, will no doubt meet with the recognition that .they deserve. IlEvEXT PATENTS.-Messrs. Edward 'Waters and Son, patent and trade marks agents, 131 133 William-street, Melbourne, alio Sydney and Brisbane, have filed the following appli cations for Victorian patents during the week .ending 7th inst.:-Process for tanning and treating hides and skins -? Edward Waters, junr., communication from R. Combret, Paris, Xo. 17,199, 1st June; complete. Process for extracting gold from ores-Edward Waters junr., communication form C. Grollet, Paris. No. 37,200, 1st June; complete. Apparatus for branding and tattooing-J. AVright and J. W. Mitchell, Mosgiel. Xcw Zealand, Xo. 17,201, 1st June; compete. Adjustable clump sole for foot- wear-A. 8. Hattrick, Hey field, Xo. 17,20-1, 2nd June; provision.il. Xon reSllable bottle-C. J. Cooze. Castertcn, and P. L. Hollins. Mastertun, X.Z., Xo. 17,207, 4th June; complete. Improved seii-lubricat iug axe-head-J. K. O'Callaghan. Heidlc oerg. Xo. 17.210. 5th Jinn-: provisional. Pneumatic hammers for hand use - The Xev.- Pneumatic Tool Company Limited, Lorain. Xo. 17.21:3. 6th June eonvn: THE Stasletox ExttE? rrsa.^i ». of the friends oi Mr. Thos. StapUt - _ his aim in an accident at M<~r.< j cutting worka -a couple held at the Courthouse hotel last n .were ahont- 30 gentlemen piese- / J. Sternberg, L.C., presidsd. '* lists were:handed in, and shi/wei already'collected to >j» still several lists outstanding. : lectins:-are requested to hi.:A u," secretary, Hr. J. Denton, hy Fndn .... CheistiaK Endeavor, AssnWi^ anniversary cf _the rorer.-strsu V,v Church branch of the C.E. Society vi celebrated to-morrow. There -.riU £» in the morning, afternoon ar.fi evtnit-" the Revs. T. Adamson, .J. M'Bride Bailey will preach respective',;,-. The Beehive closes at 9.30 ' ~ The public are requested ir early. At St. 'Andrew's Chore!:. . A. S. C. James will r,r-:-&rp;_ . -v., - ? the Rev. D. Te!fc-r ia the a?-.-. Monsieur de Bernard, JL^ » p7' cided to open a class in dc-r --,~ gentlemen, at the A/S.A. H?" r. t evening. Intending memo^-' - ' forv.-ard names to 121 Coffin-i--**. .y' A conjoint meeting of the scribers of the Lonz Gully x f will be held on Monday tver?*.... ... consider the question <_ liard table. The ball in aid of the E Club has 7)een postponed < r '" inst. The American Xove: r - . Swanst<$j-sff55ir M«iboam». "= -4 number-of unique toys anJ velties for children. It i c r suitable 'Vorfss" for ce!et>ritir~ Er tories in South Africa. Further additions have been n-ce ( f tradesmen who cive the Co-operative Coupon C--,. i ;."< 3 ?will be found in another m'-tr Mr. Oliver White not - a r. class ?uphoUtenr.g' ar r,: street. Church cushion »: him. Mr. Hamburger, goi. Howard Place, notifies i is, mineral assays while highest prices are rive: « ; Messrs. Conr.e'ly anti Co.. manufacturer1, hav.r.g ir.;'fc-rrt the redempt:on of the B-cr/i.-.' invite inspection cf t'r u z ei this purpose in their F - -» i-;. firm w-jii cive any line n r t « e the red.-whit£ and bl Mr. Jas. Puic'r.ardson. zrccer. iss' he is cSerinc ail lines o; eroesr.es y prices. Coupons are " r c Messr. John Gray ana {.c-. for private sale a dair. itm: 21: miles fro31 Swan Hill. On Monday next. " r Me^rs. Howe and_ M Co::-"n - hundred store wether At their room-, or Mr- v l; Messrs. G. H. Hobscn ana Co. t sale a quantity of h " c. r-i count of various vencors. Mr. J. H. CumOT ^ c ~ ;:-l . number of cottage; - :r. of the city. To-day. at their rooms, at r.i/.-;: Messrs. G. H- Hcbson C>. lie auction, under ir "" " :"r": tor in the estate of the xste Gsrr freehold allotment ct fens. sfcvf street west, with w."r ccl also larce w.b. shop. iBue from Mr. J. H. Thontas. a tene ment and w.b. cwe-ins*. Green streets. Lcn? G.Ui_.. jn at 11 o'clock, gene- i e -t-tl effects. 