New Presbytery at Essendon Last Sanday, St. Monica's Church. Essendon, was crowded at the 11 o'clock Mass, which was sung by the Rev. M. P. Carroll (Flemington). His Grace the Archbishop of Melbourne Prided, and there were also in the sanctuary - the pastor (Rev. D. B. Nelan). Very Rev. M. Carey, P.P. (West Melbourne). Rev. S. Pidgeon, C.SS.R. (Ballarat). and Rev. S. McDonnell (Essendon). Thta church, which was enlarged some time ago, is tastefully fashed, and presents a very neat and devotional appearance. The sanctuary .is roomy enough for the proper car^ng ont ot the oerfemonial afctendtag the celebration of Solemn High Masses, etc. An important matter in church construction; an efficient system of ventilafaon has also been effected. At the rear of the neat High Alter is a realisttc painting of the Crucifixion Our Lord. ffirtktnes tfecoratedWf the Sacred Heart and Our Lady keep <® either «ide of the sMM*nary., Two eleu gant stained glws windows. fte "JJect of the western light is St. J«»T>n holding in his arma tteWnne Infant, tha^of the eastarn Ught, the patoone^ fom guefi—"OlorU «t la n m Pa* to De o ' . The musioal portion of the function was of special excellence. Haydn's Imperial Mass was rendered by a full choir, the princinais being—Mies Maggie Scotson, Mrs. H. F. Briggs, Mr. H. B. Godwin. At the Offertory, Mr. Godwin sang an "Ave Maria" (Jos. Lynde), and during the collection, Miss Maggie Scotson sang "Inflammatus," with full chorus. Mr. J as. p. Ennis acted as conductor, and Miss M. Osborne presided at the organ. After the Communion, an appeal on behalf of the proposed new presbytery building fund was made by the Bev. S. Pidgeon, C.SS.R., of the Redemptorist Monastery, Ballarat. The rev. gentleman tool his text from Isaias: "Thus saith the Lord God, behold I lay a stone in the foundation of Sion." . . The stone to which the prophet referred was not a material stone such as that about to be laid bv the consecrated hands of His Gracc the Archbishop, but was that stone promised by Almighty God to the Israelites through the lips of the Prophet—our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ—He was the Btone referred to. He was to build the Church on the Apostles and Prophets. Our Lord Himself was the Corner Stone. There were other stones in the church of God, placed therein by its Divin e builder. These were the priests of His Church. These stones had been selected by Almighty God. Why had the congregation assembled in such large numbers that day? In the first place, to give honour to Almighty God, and in the second to aid by their generous contributions to build a suitable residence for the priests of St. Monica's parish. They were building that house not for the priests of the present day, but for those of the future. It would be a monument of their love, charity. devotion that would remain for generations. They were engaged a noble, a holy, and a glorious work, were building a home for the ambassadors of Jesus Christ—their good He (Fr. Pidgeon) wished to their attention to the dignity of priesthood. That dignity arose the powers bestowed on the nriests of the Church of God. The nearer a man approached Our Lord the greater such a one became. The dignity of a monarch was reflected on those who him. God selected his from amongst millions of men to his own special servants—to share with (Him the dignity of His throne, and said to them: "He that heareth ou, heareth Me, and he that despiseth ou despiseth Me." To priests it was given to defend the majesty of God. Hie cause was their cause. What a great privilege was his—to adore the ever Blessed Trinity; to bring to the Eternal Father so many faithful children- to preach God the Son and His Holv'Gospel; and by offering the August Sacrifice of the Mass to be the means of applying the frutte of the Passion of Christ to the souls of men. he priest was, indeed, 'the man of God through whose ministry the gifts of the Holy Ghost were communicated o men. The priest was called the servant of God but to serve God w o reign. The Pope glorified in styling himself "the servant of the servants of God" Holy David had said: "'Better is it' in Thy courts, O Lord, above thousands I have chosen to be an abject in Thv house, O Lord, rather than to dwell n the Tabernacle of siunors.' Oi rieste our Lord had said, "I have called you friends." There was no higher dignity than that of an ambaseador of Jeras Christ, and ^ office was fitted bv the priests of God's ^urch. who irere coJabonren with God Almighty. hen in regard to their relation towards he Church, great also was the dignity, idea from the various images under whtch the Church of God was represent ed. She was called the spouse of Christ. The Church was artiiy attiring for Heaven. and priests were God'* lieutenants, whose duty it was to fight the battles of the Lord—to fight against hell and all its evil machinations. The Church had been compared to a ship against which storms spent themselves in vain. Christ was the Divine Pilot of that noble ship, and directed it by the ministry of His priests, who directed the faithful on the way to the glory of the heavenly Jerusalem. The people were the members of that mighty body —the Church of God—but besides being members, were also its eyes, it6 arms, and its heart, and were co-labourers with Christ, who peopled Heaven with souls whom €hey snatched from the jaws of hell. St. John Chiysostora summed up the power of the priesthood —the consecration of the Body and Blood of Jesus Christ in the holy sacrifice of the Mass, and the absolution of the sinner pronounced by the priest in the Sacrament of Penance. Thus the priest had power over the sacred body of Christ in the Blessed Eucharist, and over the mystic body of the Church— the people. He takes bread and wine into his anointed hands, and pronounces over them the words of consecration, mid straightway the bread and wine are changed into the body and blood of Christ. 'How great the dignity which empowered him to perform so stupendous an act! Then in regard to the power of the priest to absolve the penitent sinner. Sin was a rebellion of in. gratitude against the good God. All the efforts of the angels and saints, of St. Joseph, and the Immaculate Mary could not wash away the guilt of one sin ; but by the exercise • of the power conferred on him hy Christ the }>)iest was able to apply the merits of the blood of Jesus to the soul of the sinner, whose guilt, if he were truly contrite, was at once washed away. To him had Christ said, "Whose sins you shall forgive they are forgiven, and whose sins you shall retain they are retained." What conclusion did he (the preacher) wish his hearers to draw -from the few words which he had addressed to them? In the first place, they should hold their prieBts in the highest lore, reverence, and honour; and, in the second place, they should be generous to their priests, not merely in regard to sustenance, but also by providing them with, comfortable homes. "" —* rL ~ 3 placed .on the support their sary for hi them of the for he knew contribute which they large numbers. mi in • ----- many of the good people or Essendon with abundant means, and such were called upon to be more generous on the present occasion than the poorer members of the congregation. Those whom God had blessed with abundant means should always remember that they were merely the stewards of the good thing* of this world.. , _, Referring to the reference of His race the Archbishop of Melbourne that ay, the preacher said how happy a hing it was for the Church, in this coony that it had -at ita head so noble n ecclesiastical ruler as the Archbishop f Melbourne. It was a subject of hankfulness to God that a "relate filled ith learning and awl for the glory of od had been sent by the Holv See to his country. They were iustly proud f their Archbishop and of the excellent ody of Jealous and devoted priests by hom his Grace -was -surrounded. In agndon parish they had two devoted nd zealous priests, and he (Fr. Pid- parishioners eon) trusted that the ould show that thev fully appreciated ll that had been dene for their spiiinal welfare fey thair priests in contribu ing as generously a» they ctfold to_the fund for Ikaaiw pusbyterr. - Ho* great a source of pleasure and«a*asfaction was it for the peeple ef this country that so many zealous prieste and bishops had come from Ireland to .minister to their spiritual requirements. They had an opportunity that day .of proving their gratitude to the .good Got for having sent them such worthy and zealous pastors. After Mass a procession was formed in the following order:—The crossbeaxer and acolytes, the altar attendants, the children of St. Monicas school, the officers and -members of the local branch of the Hibernian (in regalia), and the Catholic Young Mens Societies, the members of the confraternities attached to the parish, the clergy, and lastly, His Grace the Archbishop o Melbourne. During the progress o. the procession from the church to the site of the proposed new presbytery th ; children sang "Faith of Our Fathers. Arrived at the position where the memortal stone was to be laid, His Grace blessed it according to the nte prescribed by the Bitual, and a l»ttle containing various documents and papers having been duly placed in a cavity beneath the stone, tho Mfew was lowered into position, and t fcace declared it well and truly laid. His Grace used a silver trowel for the ceremony, wine was handed to him ^ Mr. Tappin, member of the firm of architects wno designed the building. The stone is a massive one, and bears in go\i lettering- "St. Monica's Presbytery. This memorial stone was laid by fi.s Grace the Most Bev. T. J. Carr, D£, Archbishop of Melbourne 2nd December, 1900\. Bev. D. B. Nelan, pastor. The Archbishop then addressed the large gathering. They "had undertaken the work of building a presbytery for the clergy of the mission. It was a large contract into which they had enterid, and it would require a consider- ble effort to liquidate the whole e some people amongst them who mount of the contract. He could peak more freely, because he had no art in determining the cost of the resbytery. That they themselves had rranged. There might be some eople amongst them who thought he building too expensive and oo large for the wants of tiie clergy ttached to St. Monica's. It would ontain more space than would be reuired by the two priests attached to he mission. But they were to rememer that in building a large presbytery such as St. Monica's would be, they were looking not alone to the present, but the future, when there* would, perhaps. be more priests in residence there. Besides, there were the occasions of missions when more than the local clergy should be accommodated. Therefore he was pleased to see that they were building so comfortable a home for their clergy. When the people did that they had a double claim on the time and the zeal of their priests. The clergy were deprived of many of the advantages and lawful enjoyments of other people; but there was one thing the priest could claim, and that was a home large in dimensions and comfort, able in its general arrangement—a home which would give him an addi- tional stimulus to labour zealously for his people. St. Monica's presbytery would have nothing narrow or cramped about it and he believed that in a future time they would have more than two priests at Essendon. Everyone who should pass by the way would say that the people who had built so fine a house recognised the claim of their clergy to be provided with a comfortable home. He (His Grace) was very pleased to be present, and to assist in the_ work of making so great an , addition _ to the parish. He wished the • parishioners every grace and blessing, and prayed God to reward all who had contributed to the building fund, and who took a share in the good work of providing a residence for the clergy, whose lives would thus become more sanctified and united to God than when they were compelled to reside^ at a distance from the church in an unsuitable home. The Bev. Fr. Nelan announced that £350 had been raised, including £26 from His Grace the Archbishop. . He had to thank the people for the generous way in which they had contributed to the object for which they had that day assembled. He need not remind them of the great interest His Grace, took in the parish, and his generosity on all occasions. (Applause.) The work already done was a testimony of the generosity of -the people of Essendon. He hoped that the sum required for. the new presbytery would be soon paid. He desired to thank the preacher,.Fr. Pidgeon, for his eloquent Mid forcible an* peal. In regard to the Archbishop, he (Fr. Nelan) could say that pis Grace had alwaya been readyand willing to come to Essendon. Although the Archbishop , had another engagement at East Melbourne that day, still he did not Tefose.fo come and Jmr xe foundation iK, W ft* »f prertyWry. » ™ Ek wum he white-haired boy ^h^ThW^^tightJS-thS Hi. Qr^e wM BO re^to MBiet tho Essen- voteZf thauks"to His Grace, and would •alTtbem to carry it by acclamation. Continued applause.) r ^ His Grace, ~ who - -'-- was received -' with ni^lause "said that if Fr. Nelan had maae J" th'± onoech "K™ before receiving the contributions he (the Archbishop) mierht have been inclined to give £100. <T,au?hfcer) However, he wished to reaarva something for St. John's, the memorial stone of which was to be laid Sat afternoon. His Grace concluded bv tliankine them ior their cordial vote of thanks. This concluded the inter- ^ ^HtllUSiftfltiC proceedings 