. qtr (%I 1teanbe 4J WITH W.ION A53 IOGORPOPATPI' e-sibioyamnS TIm,laipadre lirrer , Capail's F SATURDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1900. ".Tmi'year of 1900 will soon be'- numbered with the years of the past, and the dawn of a new century will be ushered in by loud sounds of acolamation as t4he last swing of the pondulum will silently denote the pass ing year, so that same swing will open the mysterious doors of the opening century. The c ry which will soon be ef the past is a'Sarked one, for the wonderful pregress of the British Empire, the Union-Jaeec flies in the height of the glorious sun, and her colors are never lowered for the sun does not set upon the Red, White and Blue who can measure her length -and her beath ? Who can imagine the greatness ? The iatien has grown not only in popula tion but has acquired 'land at the rate of two acres a second, and all governed with laws which denote. liberty, just:ce, and equitity. The opening of the new century will be the opening of great things for Australia and though Australia has advanced during the past 100 years yet on the first of Jan uary 1901 the trumpets will sound, and a blast will peal forth and voices will pro. claim "Open sesame," and the pearly gates of Australia will reveal in our commonwealth market her golden -fleece, her yellow gold her harvest fields-and her sons and daughters bound together by a great com menwealth, underneath whose arches arise the grand motto, " One people, one destiny," and o'er ruley by one flag. But amidst all the rejeioiing and glad \- shouts of triumph let us not forget that success does not depend upon the Nation alone but upon the God of Nations, and this Tribute will be ascribed unto Him who is the King of Kings and Lord of Lords, and as the new century will appear and the dawn of a Greater Anstralia arise thousands of voices will proclaim Praise God from whom all blessings flow,. Praise Him all creatures here below, Praise Him above ye heavenly hoot, Praise Father, San and Holy Ghost. Let us as a Christian people then render unto the Most High Ged our note of Praise by meeting together in our different churches upen the last Sabbath of the year, to worship and to praise and to. magnify His glorious nsume fer the numberless bless ings He has bestowed upon us as a nation, as' a people, and as individuals. And look. ing bask upon the century which is now almost past we see that the British Nation has advanced, not only in power and might, but along tike path of justice and of truth, and has held within her hands the keys of Christendom, opening many foreign doors to the light of Christianity, and allowing her influence to be felt from pole to pole, from horizon to-horizon. Let us all meet " together, .men and women of different de nomination in our own different churches, and praise the Loving God who has per fermed such marvellous wonders for our Nation, and as we bow in prayer let - our hearts cry out that God will bless our Nation, our Commonwealth and our People ; that the new century will be herald by the out- pouring of the Spirit of the Loving God) the Land of Australasia-the laud under the Southern Cress. 