BREAD AND BUTTER. Fifth Avenue was glittering in the No vember sunlight. In her. tailor-made gown, built by the best man in London, Grsese was a consonant atom in the pic- ttffe, but- her thoughts were animper-; tinenceto Murray Hill—she was hungry; there was nothing.left to nawn or'sell; she had swallowed nothing but a sob to day. ' .. , ; Delmonico’s ..came’ into view. ■ There were tulle hate and women’s profiles at iiie windows; glimpses of flowers and the flash of silver within. The world of fine linen and soft velvet was-lunching there. .In a moment Grace changed from a well-bred young woman, temporarily pen niless, to U primitive human,, conscious only of an elementary hunger which de manded satisfaction as a right. . A sud den thought drew her to the; door. :“It’s worth trying. Just : some bread and butter. I must have it,” she re solved. • : •The warm, orris-scented, air was like , a summer breeze in a garden. Velvets and furs, chiffon and spangles, made gleaming patches of color in-the . subdued; light; The monotony of conversation was like the humming of many bees. ” “They’d give me some; .biread if I could ask for it,’" she thought’, seating herself, her knees trembling; “but X can’t 'beg. I’ll be an unbidden, guest.’’ . An impassive faced waiter paused be side her. -L • “I’m waiting for a friend,’ she man aged to say. “Service for two, now, please—we’ll be in something of a hurry.” Would she succeed P What if the ruse failed? . ; , But her misgivings vanished, for, be sides china, glass, and silver, the waiter brought brown, crusty rolls, pats of nale, unsalted butter, olives shining under crushed ice, and Southern radishes as pretty as half-blown buds. Twenty minutes. later, having poured the last glass of frothing champagne at a big table where six debutantes laughed in shrill gusts under the eye <?f a chape ron, the waiter bethought him of the young lady "waiting for a friend,” and turned to see if he were yet wanted. She had disappeared. So had all the rolls and hutter, the olives, the radishes; • On the three days following Grace made these entries in her memorandum book— Tuesday—No letter. Same ruse f or luncheon at Waldorf. Wednesday—No letter. Landlady im pertinent. Same ruse for luncheon. Feel ing weak. Thursday—Dreadful headache. No let ter. Mrs V. has asked for my room on Monday. Distracted. Same ruse for luncheon at Plaza. On Friday she went to a restaurant on Fifth Avenue near Madison Square. Was it she or some ghost beside her who framed the usual blit now faint remark to the waiter, “I’m waiting for a friend?” When the bread and butter appeared with the service, she ate without disguis ing her hunger, until the waiter handed her the morning paper folded so that hex eyes rested on, one black head-line : BREAD AND BUTTER. Under it in smaller type.she saw— - Who is she? Pretty, well-dressed young woman likes bread and butter, but objects to paying for it. Has worked the game at several of our best restau rants. ■ In an article following, a full descrip tion of herself and her methods was. fa cetiously given. Seized witn-a frantic desire to get away, she hurried to. the hall. The head garcon was there. He touched her arm with the pointed nail of his little finger. “Step zis way, if you pliss;,” he said, looking into her frightened eyes, a covert sneer in his own. . . . “No—no,” she muttered miserably. “If you pliss, madame; you haf played ze little trick once too often.” . She became inert, numb, until roused by a low, distinct voice over her shoul der— ’ . - ; “How dare you speak to this lady as you have done?” He turned to Grace, looked commandingly into, her eye3, yet with a smile, “You grew tired waiting for me, Cynthia?” he-said with an emphatic She felt all at sea, yet like a gleam above the wreck an intuition shot through her terror. : ; . • ' “Yes, I hought you were not coming, she said, and marvelled at the words her own tongue spoke. . . . By this time the waiter had buried_ the sneer and drawn in the impertinent little finger. Oh, if only monsieur would stay and let him prove his regret by service fromshis own hands! Monsieur stayed- Grace walked by the side of the stranger to the table'she had just fled away from. She was bewildered, ashamed, and very' near tears. “Well Cynthia, I think I know just what you’ll like;” and her “companion permitted himself one amused flash c-f understanding as he glanced-, up at her pale face from the menu. “There;” and he Trashed the slip to the; waiter. ■ When they were alone .his manner changed. ‘T saw—l understood,” he said gravely. “In fact, I had been reading about—the matter—in the paper as I came up town. You realise, don’t you, I did. the only thing possible ?” “You did a wonderful thing.. I don’t quite realise it: yet,” v she. said, her lip qiiivering; “I don’t know why you did it, either.” - He. thought that much of the reason ’ay in her grey eyes,; but did not say so. “Don’t cry—please" don't.” : “I musn’t;” and she .winked'her lashes obediently. ■ ~ “Let- me see what sort of an actress you’d make; ” and he laughed;- softly. “The waiter is coming. withVhelqysters. Suppose we ad just our relationship mow. You are Cynthia from—say, Baltimore, and I’m your New York cousin——” “What name?” asked Grace, feeling suddenly at her ease* .... “Tom,” he said gravely, “let me he Cousin Tom.” - ' ; Grace'was-amazed at her own.audacity. She made the most of the experience'. Despite her .dire need and the black to morrow'rwhich threatened her, she . felt that this, was'the' most ’exciting -happen ing- of her life—yes, and the most delighte ful.' .: .She felt that no -sonnet could fit tingly have described that luncheon. : . -‘- “How, do you know I’m-not au . adven turess ?” Grace asked suddenly, when tie waiter-had left them to linger, over their “coffee. _ . - “Ah Adventuress would not have risked ,so much for bread and butter.' - _- - • • 7 “Are you not curious about me?';' : ■ -“Very. Besides -being, curious, -X sm ’anxious,’.’ he said. ; .‘‘Where will you lunch “to- morrow?” ‘ ' •, , - ■ “Perhaps—nowhere.”. , iHer.waited,-looked, at heir, and then ..said witbji respect not to stood— 'J - ’“You know nothing,:of:me, but I am ssihcere when I_ say I want to help you in some ; way—jusfcas if yon were, indeed,: my Cousin Cynthia”’-- ■ i ‘T wonder if you. can,” she said as,sin-, jcerely; ‘‘at: you ; about iitl lam English——” . ■“I knew that.”’ . r-. [“My father is James Moreland,’a ship-: owner,, of Liverpool- ■,» He, . b eli eves .that. women’s lives i spent within’a' triangular area, hetween . the /fireside, •church pew, andnimsefy.’’ r A’-V6inanwibh •an ambition-seems. tA/mmmoteamte nor?, mal. " I loved the~ theatre’.’- He/hated ,it. ft- il/.waawild’tobgo omthe stagey. Mott years- mv mother and’ I tried’ to- win him ! over, to let me“have my ’■with seed and water galore,v hut 'the'bars wpre tfie-prospMtugly.-! T'l.V'.-'- j “Well’^ t ---h.er itone it grew.-;; graver-rr“r. ’think I became A>littlermad with it all and ran'away’to'this wonderful, golden Aihe-: Jrica, where" T^thou^t^-hut7-no-matter; what Icthoughtv t ) rtX'am ! ;quite,cured ;r i,/J-; shall" never again .folr’stmshifie'.- -siilXxaledeyenrtnget uhear-’ irig. ‘ “From- economy^mid^ii6peKlh^l,l. :'sitmtionit-A®e'lelifpE^^^KSMsSß^.y^ asked;'frith a touch’of shyness. ; ‘.‘Rodney Blair;”-r-rr ?■;• ' v “The painter! *» Why,-wejhav6 onn og your 1 pictures in JhefgaUeryat . “Yes* . I and he smiled. t‘We ; are not suekrabsolute strangers.” .nodded, and then added qnick r ly—‘ ■' • ;\x<K' ' ’ . ... \- - ‘-‘By the way,'you must let me pay for half 'vthis- luncheon—when my; letter., comes. -.Tha^only-ftw^.U'"^'-' l -''" “Not at aU. It'iwouta-bemosjrunfair; ’. and.he leaned, toward her', smiling. I charged your father far too much for “The New Evangeline.’ /. Don’t you; see whait a chance this : gives me of relieving my cop science a bit?” . . . . . Two notes’passed between Miss More land and her champion that afternoon, “On arriving home I found the letter.' Either had been generosity itself. I sail; on Wednesday. “I hope to say good-bye to you'j rbut. I :will not thank you again. No' words can do that.” . • “I am delighted for your sake, yet sorry, too—for'this takes you .-away so soon. My sister will call to-day, never theless, and she may induce you to leave town-in-the morning and spend Sunday with us; in Tuxedo.” ... Late.though it was that afternoon,. Grace bought'the ■ .prettiest ■ afternoon, gown in a Fifth avenue shop, besides a lot of minor finery. She brought them allhome in a cab, her radiant face above the bundles glowing like a rose. _ •• yflien I get' to know.' him well enough,” she thought, shaken by a little laugh, “ I’ll call him nothing but Cousin Tom.” Kate Jordan, in Munsey’s Magazine.” ■ ■ 