POETRY. THE UNDISTINGUISHED DEAD. Ghosts of the undistinguished dead Pale, dauntless and unconquered. though you died ; And, where the grim and awful field ran red, Were huddled up in trenches deep and wide ! Oh, khaki-covered corpses of our kind Thicker than water is our crimson tie; Strong are the bonds of brotherhood you bind ; Teach us like men—like you—to live and die. Sunk are the shouts of British street and strand, Sunk are the waving banners stream- ing high Sunk is the brazen music of the band, Afar upon the veldt, beneath a blazing sky , Where only your own hearts breathe bugle notes Of faith and love and trust—the silent, peal That in a man's own soul at dawn and midnight floats This, and no more, to keep you brave and leal. What thoughts were yours in march and tented fields? What hopes, what sorrows—yes, what human fears? Yet were you true—oh! word of words, that yields The immemorial harvest of man's sac- rifice and tears. That builds us up the altar in our hearts , That makes us,in our little span of life, Like gods of earth, fulfil our earthly parts, And crowns with glory our poor worldly strife. Afar in English villages and meads, Where "father, our dear father, comes no more," Where mother's dear, dim gaze the mes- sage reads— Oh! God, be with them, for their grief, is sore. And in those lanes where lovers lingered once, Where hearts beat true, where love's sweet words were said; One sleeps for ever under Afric suns, And one looks blankly at her life ahead. Short is our life, God knows; and frail the flower Of happiness that blooms in cottage or in hall; Thou mad'st us, Lord, and surely hast the power— Make these as strong to meet their duty's call. But let the tale bear what it will of woe, Hide not one pang of what makes up our fate ; Death, and Love's end!—it hath been ever so. Meet them we must ; what matter soon or late? Grim God of War, sow thick your crowd- ed ill Barbaric, cruel, and bloodstained as you are, There gleams unquenched man's train of glory still, You, Juggernaut, behind your iron car ! No page may tell the deeds done in thy name ! Comes moisture to the eyes, the lump comes to the throat ! Where human love scorns death and wounds and flame, For no Victoria Cross, or eye or pen to note. See the dark river that they waded through— As natural 'tis to die as to be born. Earth's night we know, and earth's grim nightmares, too; Stoics ! with faith await the future morn. Stoics ! believe that God prepares for you Earth's shattered regiments, for the Grand Review. —O. GROWDEN. Perth, June 17. 