CHAPTER XL.-HIRAM DEXTER STCTCfg GHOSTS. On the third day out Zella, who sat at the purser's table, came within the obser vation of Dexter for the first time. He occupied a seat at the captain's table that: had hitherto been vacant. She was con scious that he was watching her in a fur ,tive kind of way. He was drinking cham pagne. Sam' was standing behind his chair. It was evident that he was regarded as a persona grata by the captain and the other passengers. "Dexter, the millionaire," said the purser to Zella, "first time he's been down to din ner. Looks awfully bad, don't he? It ain't all beer and skittles being a million aire..^I. caujsgeak from experience; I've seen most of them during my time oil the Umbria." "Poor fellow! he does not, as you say, look as if wealth agreed with him," Zella replied. "I have never seen the man that it did agree with." "No?" "Always some disappointment on hand. .Worried with every movement of stocks; or with a wife with a heart-aching desire to get into society, that don't want her; or there are sons who behave badly; or a daughter who won't marry for position. Or, if it's an Englishman, he's dying for a title because his good lady wants it; an American, to get the control of a railway or boss a bank, or own the fastest trotter, or some other tin-pot thing or another. Never contented, 1 assure you; that's my experience; not to mention that their di gestion's out of order, they've got dyspep sia; always tinkering with doctors. Vv'liy, it isn't long since a millionaire, one of the j 'African crew, chucked himself overboard." "Is that so?" "Couldn't bear the strain. Got an idea that he had overrun the constable; thought when he arrived in London he'd bd bu'sted." . , ' "Don't say?" "On the contrary, he was one of the richest of the African lot. But it must be hard to carry a pile, if you let it bother you; it would never bother me." * "Nor me," said Zella. "But the fa£t is, the people who couid carry it properly and know how to spend it to the -advantage of the world in general, .tihey never get it. Look at this poor Dexter. He's one of the wealthiest men in America. ... Do you see how he keeps looking this way? Seems as if he knew you, or wanted to-can "hardly keep .his eyes on'you." '"Surely," said Zella, . "he's looking to wards a pretty woman at the next table? They say 'he is quite a gallant among the ladies." | "Usted to be," said the purser. "Fool I enough to fall in love with a typewriting girl; thought he could buy her; accustomed to buy everything "he wanted; as he could n't buy Ixer he took to drink and other women, and has been going to 'the J>ad ever since," said the purser. "You don't say so?" said Zella. "Who has been telling you the old gentleman's £eerets?" ?"Untile Tern," said 'the purser, la-uglhing. "Calls 'himself 'Sam; but, if ever there was .an 'Uncle Tom' out of Mrs. Stowe's book, tthere 'he as; and if you want to know alii . about 'iMassa' 'Irani Dexter,' why,' 'go-Hey / TJ'ncSe Tomv will oblige." Dexter seemed :to be inviting all 'his neig!h Jbors to drink with Ihim. Sam and the Etewar-ds were patsaiing ffiie wine tup and down t!he ,'table, the miflso-naire raising- Jii-s .«lass with a benevolent greeting all round. 'Presently he spoke to 'Sam-, aside, an-d jBann! went over to the purser's table, bottle sin ihaind, with. "IMassa Dexter's . eompli lanente, and! won'lt the gen'elmen an' ladiies j.id-o Mm the 'honnah to take -wine wid .^bim?" Hhe ladies mostly declined. T.he purser ?andl several -of thte .men accepted 'the invi ifcatian. Zella -declined. She was not l4drmfcing wine twday. Sam emptied the ;botfc3e sand! fetdhea another, a®d witih it, .""flliasaaeJs oamfpliments to t!he 3'oung gen'el .mam, an? - bopes She'll give 'him t'he plea Vafc.:"... . .; "Uhanik your master," said Zella, "and11 must .postpone fihe pleasure until some other d&y; I am mot talking wine." Sain, with a puzzled expression in , his j,)eyes, poured; otifc a gilass of ivme fat- ZeBa -all ffle saune, as if 'he fedi not 'h-eard what 'File saSd. He glanced, at 'her aga?n as he ffiHed up oftlier glasses arid returned to his .nrastfer. ,'lTo foe continued trom i day to day till finished.] \- ~ 