*£oea{ %eu)4 Week, The Scottish Rifles.— The Newcastle Scottish Rifle Company, with the Piper Band, will hold a Ijarade in WeBt Mainland to-day (Saturday;. More recruits are required for the Maitland section, which now numbers thirteen, and with the object of receiving tbe names of thoBO willing to join tbe section, Captain Grant and his officers will hold a mpoHntr off. ho Mitifn... CT„I1 n-. _-„i ? u it- _ ? — _ ? J bikuu uuiuciL 1L. LUtJ evening. It is the intention to bring the strength of the Maitland section up to 25 if posBible, and to have a couple of pipers among the number. There should be experienced no difficulty in doing thiB, as the more that ia Been'of these ' Gay Gordons' tho more popular tbey become. We trust that Captain Grant willhavo a good meeting on the occasion, for he is taking great iotereBt in the motter. Sudden Death at Hamilton. — Mr John Hobson died very euddenly at hiB residence, Hamilton, after but three days' illneBs. Tho late Mr. Hobaon had resided in the Hunter district over 40 years. He arrived firBt at Newcastle late in the fifties, when the railway was in course of con struction to Maitland. Later oh he -want to SiDgle ti-n, where he was .engaged bb eub-contractor on the railway line. Mr. HobBon settled down at Singleton early in '62, and being poBsesBed of natural energy, and having gained sxperience on the railway, he became a successful road contractor. He waa also one of the first aldermen of South Singleton. Abont 10\. or 12 years since Mr. Hobson established a produce busineas at Hamilton. He leaves a widow and grown up family. One son (Mr. Thos. Hobson) carriea on the buaineBB at Hamilton; two of the daughters are married — one to Mr. Yeomana. archi tect; the other to Mr. Smith, poatmaBter at Aberdeen ; and three daughters are single. The New Angel Inn. — The old and familiar landmark in West Maitland known as the Angel Inn has been almost entirely demolished, and a handsome and commodious two-story brick build ing now stands in its place. The proprietor (Mr. Joseph Croyle) announces in our advertising columns tbat he has taken possession of the new premises, and is prepared to accommodate boarders, travellers, or private families on ressonable terms. The hotel contains twelve spacious,' well-ventilated and newly-furnished bedroume, besides a number of parlours, public and private, Bitting and dining rooms, etc., which are bo conveniently arranged and so appropriately furnished as to make the hotel up to-date in every respect. Owing to some anomaly in the law, Mr. Croyle will be unable to remove his bar or parlour buaineBB to his new' premises unti January next, theugh he cannot happily be pre vented from occupying the new house for all other purposes. The new building was erected at a cost of between £1500 and JB1G00, exolusive of furnish ings, by Messrs. Pilgrim Bros., from designs pre pared by Mr. J. W. Scobie, architect. The design is novel and conspicuous, and tbe building can take rank among the more pretentious architectural structures in town', and refleutB credit oh the pro prietor, architect, and contractors. Captain Hilliaed. — Captain Hilliard, formerly adjutant of the Fourth Infantry Regiment, New castle, who recently returned invalided from South Africa, haa been transferred to the First Infantry Regiment as adjutant. Melville-Rosebrook Road.— Mr. W. Bennett, M.P., informs us tbat he haa succeeded in obtaining a special grant of -£90 for the repair of a portion of the road through Melville, and work will be put in hpnd without delay. This piece of road haB been in an almost uptraffioable state for aoiiie time, and it is time it was put in repair. Accident to a Constable. — On Th ursday morning mounted Constable Townsend bad the misfortune to meet with a very nasty accident, which resulted in Lis being cut and bruised considerably. It ap pears ha wbb riding a rather spirited horso whioh haa acquired the very nasty habit of bucking when ever he takes it into his head — and he doea buck with a vengeance — when without warning the animal commenced his antics. The constable, how ever,- BtnCk to him in fine style until the girth broke, jWhen he departed company with his charger together with the saddle, coming in violent contact with the ground. Constable Townsend apparently fell on his Bhoulder which waa considerably bruised, and^in addition he received eaveral naaty scratches and bruises on the side of hiB face and head. SAN Anomaly in the Licensing Law.— At the annual meeting of the Licensing Court at West Maitland a hotelkeeper's license was granted only on condition of his undertaking te erect new premises capable of being clasee'd A1 at Lloyd's in regard to the requirements of the Licensing Act. The hotelkeeper, at an expense of nearly £2000, completes his undertaking, and, on' applying for permisaion to remove from -the old into tbe new building, is informed that he cannot legally do so until the 1st of January next. That is a pecnliar state of affairs. Here is a house absolutely and irretrievably condemned in its entirety as unfit for tbe carrying on of business in accordance with the Act. Only about two rooms of that house are left standing, the new hotel ia reedy for occupation, and yet the law says tbe hotelkeeper must not leave tbe wholly condemned and more than half demolished house to go into tho new only at the riak of certain paina and penalties. Tbe fact of tbe new building being erected on the site of the' old even goes for nothing. Wbb there ever such an anomalous position before? It ib painful as well as peculiar and will possibly involve the proprietor in heavy Iobs through losing the Christmas trade. 'Tis true, as Bumble observed, tbe 'law's a haBS.' A Peculiar Proceeding. — In the additional estimates appear two items which do not seem to have attracted the attention of members in the debate last night, but which nevertheless require explanation. ,The Government propose to pay Mr. G. T. C. Cililler JJ110 8a 7d for the interval between Dece'mber 17, 1889, and April 28. 1890. and Mr. T. Jessep JB67 93 lOd for the interval between February 20 and May 11, 1896, these auras being the equiva lent of tbe Parliamentary allowance to these mem bers from the date of return of tbe writs till the date of swearing-in. But thia payment ia in direct con travention of the law. The parliamentary allow ance is net payable by law till the member-elect becomea capable of rendering service. And thUB the act of the Government in proposing these sumB iB a repeal of the law by Ministerial fiat and wholly indefensible. A very bad and dangerous precedent is created — if the law ia to be repealed let it be done in tbe constitutional way. Persons who take pasaage home by the MesaagerieB Maritimes (French Mail) boats travel through France, and see large cities of that country at no extra oost. English interpreters meet tbe passen gers at Marseilles, and give them every assistance in landing and passing their luggage through tbe Cuatomi?, etc. ? - 3921 Alleged , Attempted Rape at Morpeth. — At At the Morpeth Police Court on Friday. 23rd ult., before Messrs. G. F. Scott, P.M., E. D. Kibble white, . and T. H. Peane, Js.P., Henry Field, aged twenty-three years, ou bail, was charged with having, at Morpeth, on or about November 15th, assaulted Agnes Harriet IleB, with intent to commit upon her the crime oF rape. Sub Inspector Sykes appeared for the prosecution, and Mr. W. J. Enright for the defence. The cbbo was h-ard with closed doora, or tho application of Sub Inapectir Sykea. After hearing tbe evidence of prosecutrix, Senior-Conatable Whitfield, and Peter Searles (tram guard), Field waa committed to Btand his trial at the Circuit Court to be held iu Mait land on Tuesday, April 2, 1901, or at such other time and place as tho Attorney- General may appnint. Bail was allowed — self in JB200, and two sureties of JB100 e«9h. The witnesses were bound over to' appear wben called npon. Field waa subsequently hailed out. CADBURY'8 COCOA. A perfect beverage for the morning meal, the noontide lunoheon, the aftar-dinner drink, and supper aolaoe. For old' aud young, for rich and poor. Suddhn Dbath of Me. Jameb Nichols.— Many were tbe expressions of surprise and sorrow when it became .known around Singleton on' Saturday last that Mr. James Nichols, an old and popular reBidentof Singleton, haddied suddenly. Mr. Nichols at the time' was walking along John-street.* and when in front of Sheehan's Bridge Hotel ho ataggered and fell on his back alongside the build ing. He never spoke, and died within ten minutea after falling. He was conveyed in side the hotel and subsequently carried on a stretcher to hia own reaidense, nearly 200 yards .down tbe street. The deceased had been ailing for_ same time past, and failure of tho heart's action is said to have caused bis death. Mr. Nichols waa born in Singleton 1845, where he received his education and learned hia trade aa a atone maBon, in whioh he paaBed many.yeara as a journeyman and a master. In 1875 he took on tho business _ of the Tradeamen'a ArmB Hotel anci carried it on for aix yearc, and in 1881 ho built the Commercial (now tbe Imperial) Hotel. At one time Mr. Nichols occupied a seat at the board of tho Singleton Borough Council, and he proved a good and useful alderman. He was a member of the local Oddfellows' Lodge, and waB alao a Freemason. He leaves a family of one aou and four daughters. Mrs. Dunne, wife of tho Public School teacher at Elderalie, is a daughter of deceased. The funeral on Sunday was very largely attended. Pierce Memorial Trained Nurses' Home. — The eleventh annual meeting of subsoribera to and friends of the Pierce Memorial Nurses' Home was held on Wednesday evening in the committee .room at the Home, Elgin-strest. Mr. R. W. Thompson, vice- preBident of the Maitland Hospital, presided. Tbe other gentlemen present were — MeBBrs. Willoughby Howell (Hon. Treasurer), John Lee, Ribt. Robs, W. McLauchlin, and tho Secretary (Mr. Thomas Hughea.) ThB ladies who attended wero Miss Wolfe (President), MeBdamea R. G. Aloorn.W. K. Colyer, and Miss Carrie Gorricfc. Apologiea were tendered for the absence of Mrs. E. P. Carr and Mr. W. H. Mullen. The report and balance ahoet were unanimously adopted. During the year trained nurses bad been engaged in 25 caseB ; dis trict .nurses 30; massage cases- 8; and viaits made by the matron to the homes of the poor, 120. The balance-sheet ahowed that the year was com menced with a debit balance of £19 ; £250 bad been withdrawn from the deposit funda (£950), leaving them at £700, which with £119 in tha Savings Bank, £39 10s 3d cash in hand, and £32 lis due for nursinc fees, made a total of £891. The sum of £42 9s 'ja was made by juvenile ball, and the fees earned by the nuraes amounted to £229 8s. The expenditure waa £541 6a 10J, so that there was a loas on the year's trana actions of something like £200. The elec tion of office-bearers and committee resulted t— Committee, Misses Wolfe and Carrie Girrick, Meadames j£. A. Young, E. P. Carr, R. G. Alcorn, W. IC Colyer, with Mrs. N. D. Cohen, and Mrs. Sep. Levy as honorary members; hon. treasurer, Mr. Willoughby Howell; secretary. Mr. Thoa, Hughes; auditors, Messrs. W. McLauchlin and C. W. Wood. Messrs. R. W.Thompson, Willoughby Howell. John Lee, Robt. Robs, and W. H. Mullen ' were eleoted a financial committee. 'Votes of thanks were passed to the ladies, the matron (Misa Munro), the nurses, and' the officera and com mittee. The hope wa8 expressed that the Home would receive more generous . support from the publio and some apecial asaiataaoe from the Govern ment. The ladiea expressed regret that the general publio did not ahow more appreciation of the good work the Home was doing. It waa not only doing a work of necessity, _ but a work of oharity in tha homes of the poor in town and district, andj very properly, the good that is done iB in no caso pro claimed from the housetops. But, unfortunately, in consequence, tbe people do not know the valu able and good work that ia daily accomplished. Incidentally, the President (Mies Wolfe) read a letter, received from a poor woman, returning thanks for the aid and assistance afforded her. Only one of many, we were told. ' The general public,' said Miaa Wolfe, ' do not know what oases we aseist. They are caaea that cannot go to either the Hospital or Benevolent Home. The ease I have jnat man timed is that of a woman who ia suffering from paralysis, and has no one but a daughter to help her.' The report of the com mittee may be peruaed with interest, but there can be no question that the Nurses' Home is deserving of all tbe encouragement and aupport that people ean give it. Ea8t Maitland Free Public Library — At a meeting of tne Borough Council on Wednesday evening a letter waa road from Mr. J. C. Maynard Under-Secretary for Publio Inatruetion, stating that the Minister of Publio Instruction had approved of the list of booka submitted, and would forthwith recommend for the approval of hia Excellency the Lieutenant-Governor the iBsua of £200 from the consolidated revenue in aid of tha library. The matter of obtaining the books -would be left entirely in the handB of the Council. All who have travelled by tbo Messageries Maritimes (French Mail) boata are lond in their ? praises of the comfort, civility, and excellent ouisine met with. See list of sMlinge in these columns, and write for particulars to Company's Office, Queen's Corner, Pitt-street, Sydney. 3312 New South Wales Jams in Sooth Aibica. — By tbe steamer Yarrawonga, whioh left for South Africa on the 20th ult., Mesars. H. Jonea and C). shipped 2080 cases lib. jama in part execution of an order received from the Imperial* War Office in London. This iB the firat shipment of jama forwarded from this colony for the British troop3 iu South Africa, but aa they were carefully examined by officers appointed by the Board of Exports, and pronounced to be of excellent qualify, it is. thought to be not unlikely that ' repeat' ordera will be. reoeived. Messrs. H. Jonea and Co., who have very, largo manufacturing ? works in Hobart, only last August purcbaaed the.buaineasea of the Sydney Jam Company and Boyce Brothers, of this city, and have thus quickly opened up an export trade in the New South Wales jams. Failing Sight.— Our long experience enablea us to BBsist sufferers by accurately testing tbe sight whioh ia the true seoret of buccbsb. Our new frames take in a much larger field, are made of malleable steel, and they retain their shape for yearB. They, are fitted with genuine Brazilian pebbles, wbioh all oculists agree are the only pre servers of the eight. All lenses are made to gauge bo that breakages can be made without trouble of fitting. Write to J. Hart, of West Maitland, stating sight, number, or ago, and enolose stamps for— Beat Pebblea lOa, second grade, 5a; Crystals. 2s 6d; London Smoke Eye Preservers from la to 2a 6d per pair in case post free. Gunnedah Horse Sale.— B icon and Co. report having held a apeoial horse sale at tbeir YardB, Gunnedah, on Monday, the 26th November, when they submitted about 90 head to a good and reprc Bentative attendance of buyers. Bidding was very spirited for all classes, eapecially for cobs and South African requirementa in good condition. About 50 beud were disposed of, active saddle horses making up to £17~10s, light draughts £13 2j 6d. Owing to the continued dry weather Bome of the horses yarded were not in sufficiently atout enough condi tion for immediate UBe, otherwise the whole yarding would have been cleared. Their next aale will bo held on 5th December, when they hope to yard, ab'iut 50 head, all in good condition. Sale of Propertt. — At hia rooms, High- street, on Friday, Mr. O. K. Young, offered by auction several properties situated in- the distriit. Buyers were iu large attendance and competition brisk, but, with the excoption of one, the whole of the pro perties were withdrawn, owing to the reserve price not being reached. Acting on instructions receive^ from the mortgagees, an allotment of land, 60ft._by 300fr., adjoining the East Maitland Railway Station, , upon whioh is ereoted a comfortable cottage, _etc., was disposed of for £225, Mr. C. W. Haiu being tbe successful purchaser. A Serious Accident — A young man named 'Hugh McFadyen, a resident of-Raworth, mot with -a rather serious accident on Monday morning. .From 'what can be ascertained it appears that he was engaged sewing potato bugs when by Bome means the needle he was ueing slipped and the point ?entered his right eye. The unfortunate young ?mm w^s at once removed to the surgery of Dr. Bennett, Morpeth, who treated him for the injury, The doctor fears, however, that Mr. McFadyen will lose the sight of the eye. A Bat's Sport on Anniversary Day. — Arrangements for a local celebration in connection with the inauguration of the Commonwealth seem to be in abeyance, and apparently New Tear's Day will be in no way specially honoured. But a project ia on foot for arranging some meanB of public diversion on Anniversary Day, which will keep the poople in Maitland, and prevent its wearing the sadly deserted appearance it so often, presents on public holidays. We are heartily in accord with this proposal, and have no doubt that energetic action will result in a;pronounced succbbs. Wall along Hill. — The following official letter has been received by Mr. W. Bennett, M.P. ' Department of Publio Works, Sydney, 20th November, 1900. — Sir, — With reference to the latter of tbe 18th nltimo, presented by you from the Woodvillo Progress Association, in which attention is drawn to tha necessity of cutting down j Wallalong Hill on the road from Phoeaix Park to McClymont'a Swamp, I have the honour to inform you that the estimated cost of carrying ont the work in question is JB250, and the Secretary for Public Works haB approved of the sum of £135 being granted towards the cost, provided a similar amount shall be collected locally. — I have, etc., 'Bobeet Hickson, Under-Secretary and Commis eijner for Roada.' Death of Mrs. Catherine Gibe. — The death has ocourred in Sydney of Mrs. Catherine tiibb, an old resident of West Maitland, sbe having lived here many years ago, with her husband, the late Mr. William Gibb. The funeral of Mr. Gibb, which took place on Dec. 29, 1872, will long be remeim bdred by old residents, on account of the terrific hail-storm whioh broke over the town — the like of whioh hai not occurred in Maitland in the memory of the oldest inhabitant. Mrs. Gbb had been .living with her aon-iu:law, Mr. Sydney Marbed. The body was brought to Maitland on Tuesday, and was interred in the Church of England cemetery, Campbell's Hill, alongside that of her late husband. Mr. William. Gibb, of Newcastle, at one time an alderman of that city, ia a son of the family. A Book on Fortune Thlliko Free. — We are in receipt of a copy of a well- gotten-up -book entitled 'Fortune Telling.' This little volume ie published by the Bile Bean Manu facturing Co., and edited by Madam Charbon. Har special way of telling fortunes iB by means of ordinary playing cards, and in _ a brief and comprehensive manner she explains how ladies or gentlemen can tell their own or others' fortunes. The Bile Baan Manufacturing Co. have printed over threa hundred thousand of ?.theae boots, and they will.be pleased to send a copy to Bny address free of charge, the only condition being that yon must mention the name of this paper when writing and enclose a penny stamp to pay postage. ' .Fortune Telling' will certainly prove an interesting volume, and will help to pats away many an hoar pleasantly. Auctioneers Licensing Courts.— On TneBday the courts for tbe granting of auctioneers licenses were j held throughout the State. In West Maitland, I the magistrates were— Mesarj. H. Crothers (chair- j man), Alex. Wilkinson, J. Lee, C. Bead, J. T. Tegg, W. R. Sullivan, M. P. Maher, J. Ferris, E. Bowden, A. (Jobb, M. Murray, and W. H. Mackay. Mr. .John Enright was also present, but did not sit on tbe bench. Apologias were tendered for the absence of Messrs. G. H. Webb, G- Buxton, and C. F. Soiling. Licenses were grunted as follows : — General— James Henry Brunker and Edward Wil liam Sparke; District — James N. Brunker, John 'ISnright, Joseph B. Enrigbt, William C.- Murk well, Edward Sparke, Harry G. Wolfe, Oliver K. Young, and Francis J. Blaxlond. — At the Ea?t Maitland Police Court the magistrates in attendance weru Messrs. P. Bourke (chairman), J. Wyllie, and D. iLey. An auctioneer's district license was granted to Edward T. Swan. Tenders for Public Works. — The following tenders have been accepted for tbe public works .named: — Great Northern Roid (Muswellbrook ?distric), W. H. Shearer, Jerry's Plains, £217 15i ; -uonatrnetion of passenger jetty, Tnree, Manning Siver, George Sinclair, TAree, £71 4* lid ; bridge over Blackburn Creek, Buckley's croBsing to Jimen buon, John M'Arthur, Delegate, £180; supply of 100 ironbark anchor poles and 500 ironbark span poles for tramways, at £2 123 per anchor pole and Jil 15a per span pole, John Smith,. 'Luggerah Lukes. Tenders for the fallowing worke were opened yester day -.—Timber beam bridge over MercamtKlli Creek (Lenattz Bridge) at Enfield, 2 ttmdeis, Brown and Burley, £159, lowest; additions to police station, Carroll, 4 tenders, H. J. and C. L. Weaver, £333 8j :6d. lowest. The following tenders aro to be reported on : — Erection of a courthouse and lockup, Collarendabri, 4 tenders ; Bupply of piles for the railway from Dubbo to Coonamble, 5 tenders; supply of hardwood timber for the railway from .Dubbo to Coonamble, 3 tenders; supply of ironbark timber for the railway from Dubbo to Coonamble, 3 tenders. Handsome Mbmorialbto Australian Soldiers. — Mr. G. P. Lick, sculptor, hue justed completed an elaborate memorial, which iB to be erected at Millie, near Narrabri, in honour of Trooper Duff, who was killed at E ands Biver. He has also com pleted a granite memoriul which is to be erected at Belltrees, in honour of Lieutenant Alfred|Ebsworth- of the First Australian Horse, who waB killed on the 23rd July in South Africa. A church lectern in '? -lid oak and brass, made to the order of Mr. H. L. White, will also serve to honour the memory of Lieutenant Ebaworth. Painful Accident. — Mr. Thomas Cush, the well-known horse trainer, met with a veiy painful ?avoidant while fishing at Hexham on Suuday. He had a steel fish-hook rnn tnrough hia right thumb, and there was no getting it out until he reached Maitland, when he consulted Dr. Liddell, who hud to file the hook before he could extract it. Cricketers' Ball at Deep Creek. — Attention is directed to an announcement whica appears in another column to the effect that a cricketers' ball ball will be held at Mr. F. Lomax's place. Gillies Bridge, Deep Creek, nea* Ceuauock, on Friday evening next. Refreshmonta will be provided. r Establishment of Telephone Offices.— It is announced in tho Government Gazette issued on the 27th inat., that telephone offices have been established at Fail ford, Nabiac, and Tuncurry. The Late Mrs Ann Green— Mrs. Ann Green, relict of the lato Peter Green, of Farley, died on Sunday at the age of 87. Tbe old lady, who was in failing health for the pact few yearB, died peace fully at tho residenco of her daughter in Luskin tyre. She waa a native of Sydney, and she and ht r late husband were long and intimately connected with tho working of St. Mary's parish, West Mait land, and the late Mr. Green left many charitable and other bequests. Mrs. Green leaves two sons and two daughters, and many grand-children. Tho funeral took place on Tuesday, the remains being interred in the Church of England cemetery, Csmpbtlt's Hill. Presentation to Mr. A. A. Wall. — Members of the WeBfcEnd Football Club waited on Mr. A. A. Wall, at his residence, on Saturday' evening, and presented him with an enlarged photo of the officers and playing members of tho club in recognition of his services to football. The presentation was made | by Mr. Frank White, and an address of a compli mentary and congratulatory nature was resd by Mr. D. J. Eyan. MeBsre. Byan, E. Stapleton, Geo. Teates, and Frank White made neat little speeches, and Mr. Wall suitably replied. The toasts of ' Mr. Wall and Family and ' Succbbb to the WeBt End Club, and to the Hunter District Union,' were duly honoured and the company after a pleasant chat separated, well pleased with the pleasant presentation proceedings and the hearty and generous manner in whioh they had been enter tained by Mr. Wall. Serious Accident. — Mr. W. T. Jones of Kolburn, near Greaford, while out after horses on Sunday morning met with a severe acoident through his horse falling with him. Jones sus tained some rather severe bruises on tho left shoulder and side, and a fraoture of the left collar bone. The sufferer drove into town and had his injuries attended to by Dr. Liddell. Welcomino Mr. W. G. B. Smith, P.M. — On Monday Mr. W. G. B. Smith, relieving P.M., occupied the bench at the West Maitland Police Court, for the first time, in the abswnaeof Mr. G.F. Scjtt, P.M., at Newcastle. Before tho1' business of the Court commenced Mr. Alex. Wilkinson, J.P., one of tbe members of the bonch, on bohalf of him self, and br- ther magistrates, welcomed Mr. Smith to the town of hia birtb, andexpreBBed the hope tbat his stay would be a pleasant one.— Mr. W. H. Mullen, as the senior member of the legal profession present, on behalf of the solicitors of Maitland, tendered Mr. Smith a hearty welcome to the town, and also expressed the hope that his Btay would be an agreeable one. — Sub- InBpector SykeB, on behalf of the police, congratulated Mr. Smith upon taking his Beat upon the bench, and Baid he was sure his decisions would be euch as would meet with general approval.— Mr. N. Black, C.P.S , also joined in welcoming Mr. Smith to Maitland. — Mr. Smith Baid he had very much pleasure in acknowledging tho welcome so gracefully extended to him. It was exceedingly gratifying to him to come to the town in which he waa born, where he had spent a con siderable portion of his life, and where he had first entered the service. His experience of members of the legal profession and of the police force had always been most pleasant, and he had every reason to believe that it would be bo in Maitland. He was also Bure that tbe BBBistance given him when he first entered the service by his old friends Mr. Mullen and Mr. Thompson, would again be forth coming, if necessary. Bitten by a Doa. — On Sunday morning a son of Mr. Thomas Cush, horsetrainer, waB bitten on the noee by a dog, which attacked him savagely, for some reason or other. The injury, a very painful one. and was dressed by Dr. Bussell. Cush may be oonBidered lucky to escape aa he did in the circum stances. Painful accidents to father and son on tbe one day is another illustration of the saying that misfortunes never jomo singly. Morpeth Friendly Societies' Sports — The wind-up meeting of the committee of the above Bports, held in aid of the Maitland Hospital on the Morpeth Park on the 12th inat., was held at Mr. A. Baker's rooms on Friday evening last. The treasurer's statement of accounts, which evoked considerable interest was presented by tbe Hon. Treasurer .(Mr. C. Edwards), and revealed the pleasing fact that, after all expenses were provided for, there remained a credit balance to be handed to the Hospital of £18 17s 7d. This result was regarded as extremely satisfactory, and beyond tho moBt sanguine expectations of the com mittee. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the Secretary (Mr. A. Collard) for hiB services in connection with the sports, and the Mayor wbb also thanked for the use of the Council Chambers to meet in. The following is a complete liBt of those who donated trophies : — Messrs. A. Merrileeo, Jas. Butler, T. Maynard, J. Cantwell, A. B. Connor, D. Ley (East; Maitland), and Jno. Hart (West Maitland). Death of a Qresford Soldier. — Mra. Grey, Glentborn, GreBford, has just received from the War Office thesadnews of thedeath of hereon Percy from dyaentry in South Africa. He waB a member of the Bushmen's Contingent. Nature's Remedy for Coughs, ColdB, Influenza, and all Chest Troubles, CQLEMANE & SON'S. WORLD-FAMED EUCALYPTE fcXTRACT For Fevers of all kinds it is invaluable. It iB one of the best Disinfeotants in the WORLD. Always insist on COLEMANE'S. Maitland Gaslight Company. — The fifty-sixth halt-yearly meeting of shareholders in the Maitland Gaslight Company, Limited, was held on Thursday evening in the office, Charles-street. The Chair man of the Board of Directors (Mr. Edward P. Capper) presided. The report and balance-sheet were adopted. The figures showed the business of the company to be in a very flourishing condition. The profile for the half-year, with the undivided balance, £184 3s 4d, were £1097 17a Gd,. which was I appropriated as .follow.-: — Dividend at the rate of 7 per oent. per annum, £512 IO3 ; to be written off works, £350 ; leaving a balance to be carried for ward of £205 7s 6d. Messrs. E. P. C*ppBr and J. W. Birkenhead were re-elected directors without opposition, Messrs. W. Wynn and T. C. Shaw auditors unopposed, and it was resolved that the company be registered on the Sydney Stock Ex change. Votes of thanks were accorded the directors and officers of the Company for the efficient manner in which they had carried out their duties during the half-year. Sale of the.Tocal Stud.— Elsewhere ih this issue Mr. T. S. Clibborn announces tho Bale by publio auction at WeBt Maitland on the 22nd January, by instruetions from the executors of tbe estate of the late F. S. Beynolds, the whole of the Btud of thoroughbred stallions and mareB now ruuning at the famous'Tocal stud. Tocal is one of most noted nurseries of blood stock in the Southern hemisphere, so tbat tbe distribution will give breeders a wonderful opportunity of securing magnificent animals. Persons wishing to inspect the atock may do bo on application to Mr. Fiank Beynolds. Segenhob Estate — It is announced in onr busi ness columns tbat the famous Segenhoe estate, near Aberdeen, which is being surveyed into dairying farms, will be sold by publio auction in February noxt, and speculators and others should make a note of the fact. Singleton School Board.— It is announoed in a Government Gazette, issued yesterday, that tbe undermentioned gentlemen have been appointed additional members of the Public School Board for the eub-diBtrict of Singleton— Messrs. C. H. Dight, M.P., A. T. Shearer, G. Porter, D. McDougal, A. Grainger, and W. W. Robinson. The Week's Police-News.— At the West Mait land Police Couit, on Monday, John Hope, for getting drunk and behaving in a disorderly manner in High-street, wob fined 10s, or 48 hours. For using indecent language, he was fined 20s, or seven days; and for assaulting Constable Heckenberg, he was ordered to pay 40s, or to go to gaol for one month. Kate Johnston, drunk and disorderly, was fined 20s, or aeven days. Anpie Brnnnan, who had beon riotoUB iu Park-street, was fined 5s, costs 2b 6d, levy and distress. Bertha Bradley, for riotous conduct, waB ordered to pay a'eimilar amount. For two oases of language, she was fined 20j, and 93 8d costs; in default, seven days. John Hemmings, for using indecent language on the Bishop's Bridge road, wbb fined 10a, court costs 4s lOd; in default eoven days' gaol. — At the same couit, on Thursday Herbert Stembeck, for assaulting Samuel Waigbt, was fined 20*, professional costs 21b, and courtcostB 4s 10d; in default, one month's gaol. A case against the same defendant, o£ using inBulting wordB towardB Waight, with intent to provoke a breach of the peace, was dismissed. A Dangerous Practice. — Of late a large quantity of bananas has been sold in Maitland, and, as there are many people who prefer eating the fruit in the street to taking it home, the amount of skin on the footpaths has correspondingly increased, to the Berious danger of pedestrians. On Monday evening, a young girl, daughter of Mr. C. E. WilkB, was walking up Charles-street, when she slipped on a piece of banana akin, near the corner of Higb Etreetl In falling nhe waa thrown down the cellar at Barry's Hotel, the door of which was open at the time. FortiU&atsy;, she escaped with a few outB and a badly bruised knee ; bub the accident might easily have had a sariouB result. Care should be taken to deposit all fruit Bkin in a place where it will not be a menace to people walking in the streets. Mr. Humphrey Marr's Illness. — Tbe numerous friends of Mr. Humphrey Marr throughout tbe district will be pleased to learn that he is not likely to, as waa generally thought he would by doctors and nurses, give up the ghost yet. He writes to ub to Bay that he wrb just on tbe balance between life and death in the Armidale hoBpital, but by the Bkill of Dr. Little and the careful nursing he received he improved slightly, and after a few days got permission to return to his home in EaBt Mait land. His brother being with bim he ventured on the long and tiresome journey, securing a carriage in which a bed was arranged, and the matron of the Hospital very kindly went to the railway station at eleven o'clock at night to inject morphia, which was so effective that he slept nearly all thft way down. Mr. Marr concludes : — 'I came home on Friday morning and I au now out of danger and improving every day.' Northern Jockey Club Committee. — There were only three oommittee men present at a meet ing of the above body, held on Tuesday evening at the Sportsman's Arms Hotel. They were — Messrs. J. W. Birkenhead (chniiman), A. A. Wall, and C. Park. The hon. secretaries (Messrs. W. M'Lauchlin and W. Atkinson) were also in attendance. Messrs. O. K. Toung, W.'C. Markwell, F. A. S. Bowden, and Dr. R. G. Alcorn, sent apologies for nonattend ance. A eta' ement of the receipts and expenditure in connection with the late race meeting was tendered by Mr. M'Lauchlin. Receipts had been -. Nominations and acceptances, £70; sale of privileges, £58 10s; right of Tattersall's, £2; semaphore, £58; Leger reserve, £13 2s; bookmakers' feeB, £20; total, £221 12b. Expenditure: Prize money, £225 12s ; handicapper, £10 10? ; advertising, £18 9a 9d ; printing, £1 8s 6d; refreshments (police). 183 ; officials, £8 10s ; stamps, telegrams, £2 9j Gd s total, £267 5a 9d ; leaving a debit balance of £45 13a 9d. The amount received aB members' fees since tbe last annual meeting, Mr. M'Lauchlin stated, had been £39 18s. There is at present a vacancy on tbe committee, and Mr. H. J. Adams was nominated for the position. A special meeting will be arranged at whioh the election will take place. A Reliable Timepiece is a blessing. It is our frequent pleasure to acknowledge receipt of grati fying letters from prominent men of all parts of the colony certifying to the accurate timekeeping of oar Reliance watches. They must continue to lead all others aB they are the only high grade Keyless Levsr aold at a low price ; they have all modern improvements, avoid all complications, and last a life time. If sent to as they rarely cost more than 2s Gd to repair ; they wind and set without opening cases, find cases are dust-tight. Send 30s to J. Hart, West Maitland, who haa the sole right for Australia., and one will be sent post free anywhere. 059 Preparing for the Commonwealth Celebra tions. — People! who desire to witness the cdebra | tions in connection with the inauguration of the Commonwealth, and who have delayed obtaining accommodation in the metropolis, are now experi encing great difficulty in getting roomr. In eome cases, applicants have been informed that they can have a room for a guinea a day, while the celebra tions last; and intending visitors find tbat they era obtain a room or roomB for one month as cheap aB for the first week in January. Not only are visitors asked to pay, high prices, but it is Baid that Sydney lodging house proprietors are raising the rates for their regular borders, who will thus be made to snffer even more than country visitors, for it is only reasonable to suppose that ' they are not persons of affluence — indeed, Bome of them, in ordinary times, have difficulty in paying their way ^ Another thing | whiob will probably cause trouMe, ia tbe food sup ply. During tbe jubilee fettivitieB, the eating houses in Sydney ran short of provisions, and many people had to go hungry. With good weather, the number of visitors will be far greater during thn first week in the new year, and those persons will be wiBe who take some food with them. The Additional Estimates. — We are indebted to the Eon. J. N. Brunker for a copy of the addi tional estimates. A Bum of £87,651 is asked for, and it inoludes £23,625 for the expenses of the cenBUB to tie taken next year. Presentation to Mr. Jambs Boyle;— Mr. JauioB Boyl , who occupied the poBitionof a warder in the Eaat ,v aitland gaol for elevon years, recently retired from tie service and ia now landlord of the tradesman s Am a at Singleton, where, we are glad to learn, he is mnking many friends and doing a good buaineBB. Daring his residence at East Mait lund he proved himself to be a most efficient officer and a worthy citizen. And his late comrades in tbe gaol, to hcow their hearty appreciation for their popular friend, have presented him with a neat malacca walking stick and a silver mounted pipe as a tangible recognition of their etteem for a gentle man of many virtues and eBtimable qualities. For such manifestation of their good- will towardB him Mr. Bc-yle is indeed gratoful to his late comrades, and he assures them that when UBing both artioles, which are most useful and ornamental, he will have an excellent opportunity of thinking of the pleasant time he epent amongst bis late comrades. Singleton Lancer Half-Squadron.— At the annual musketry course of the Singleton Halfsquad ron of Ltineers, just concluded, the top soore of 208 was put up by Squadron Sergeant-Major Simtnons, who secures the Crown badgefor the best shot in the half-;quadron. Tbe following qualified as marks men :— Capt. Bowman, Lieut. R. H. Dangsr, S.S, Major Simmone, Sergeant A. G. Brody, Sergeant Farrier F. C. Jones, Corporals B. J. Dawes and S. H. Haggarty, Troopers Tom Morris, G. E. Broom fleld, M. C. Clarke, D. E. Waddell, D. McKendry, W. Fraser. J. Dries, H. BobertB, W. Martin, H. H Waddell, B. Smyth, J. A. Clarke, A. A. Eather, T. O'Brien, J O'Brien, W. E. Clarke and J. Tucker. Troopers M. M. BoBer, H. P. Grant, and B. T. Eather qualified as firBt-class and Troopers H. Moore, J. A. Robinson, A. Allsopp and E. Moore as seoond-olass BbotB. In the recruit coursc Trooper A. Hayes wob top with 213. The others who qualified were M. T. HayeB, H. H. Robinson, H. H. Dimmook, W. N. McDougall, W. Griffiths, N. Faulkner, W. S. Bylands, H. Beh, W. H. Clarke, a^ P. Wood. 