PERSONAL.. MR Bertram MacKennal, the sculptor, is returning to Melbourne at the end of the year. MASTER Mervyn Longden, son of Mr E. "W. D. Long den, of Melbourne, recently gained .first prize for his im personation of Lord Roberts at. a fancy dress skating carnival held at the Crystal; Palace, London. THE Earl: of Yarmouth, who has furnished more ".oopy '' 'for the newspapes than any other "crank," has been visited in New York by his parents, the Marquis and Marchioness of Hertford, who tried unsuccessfully to dissuade him from continuing his stage career. The Earl is now on tour iri the States with a comedy com pany. . ' : THE new chief clerk at the Supreme Court of . Vic toria, Mr. George Neighbour, is. winning golden opinions by the way he does his work. The Attorney General is to be congratulated on his excellent appoint ment. But then the appointee has not been handed out.of the Customs, Railways, or Post Office, and set to work on (to him) strange business. The cast-iron Public Service regulations have not been operating in this instance-with very good results. MR. Justice Holroyd modestly asked his audience to excuse him for any deficiencies when delivering an address on the Transvaal War the other day. But there was no occasion for the excuse'. He has a splendid platform voice and style; and the few occasions he appeared in .public he always made the audience re gret that he gave up to Equity practice and the Law Courts what was meant for mankind. He would have made a first-class public man. His learning, incisive heps, straightforwardness, and courage would have put him. in the fi'ont rank in .no time. He is the worthy successor on the Benoh of the late Sir Robert Moles worth. . " . NURSE Shappere, of Melbourne, has had some thrill ing experiences during the siege of Ladysmith. When war was declared, the plucky girl joined the lied Cross Ambulance in Johannesburg, and was the first English nurse to go to the front in the Boer territory. She started organising the first base hospital, thinking at the time it would be neutral, but after ten days constant work she discovered her mistake, and that it'was to be only for the Dutch, so Miss Shappere and three other nurses returned to Johannesberg. Refusing to remain with the Boers, Nurse Shappere left for Delagoa Bay, prooeeded.to Durban, and went straight to the front and remained in Ladysmith throughout the long siege. Towards the end of the siege Nurse Shappere was her self stricken down with enteric fever, and is now on sick leave at the Modder River. . MR. Joseph Gillott, the well-known composer, sailed for England by the Nineveh by way pf South Africa, on Wednesday afternoon (yesterday), the occasion . being made specially noticeable to habitues of the Port Mel bourne pier, by the strains of Warnecke's band, which made a special demonstration out of compliment to the National composer by playing several of Mr. Gillott's popular songs, including " Sons oE the Southern Sen," "The Bushmen's Corps," ": Australia's Cherished Dream," and " The Coon's Confession," as the steamer left the pier. Several people, well-known in musical oircles were present to say good-bye. During tho week an interesting souvenir has been exhibited in tho win dow of the Vienna Caf6, being a real bushman's damper, on which appears the legend written in sugar ; 'Tor I Can Thrive on a Damper Crust," from the chorus of Mr. Gillott's song of " The Bushmen's Corp." The souvenir was presented to Mr, Gillott. and has been taken by him to England,, where .it willjdonbtless attract considerable curiosity. .. . .. MR. Theodore Eink,the poetical M.P., confesses that in his Bohemian days he bad been muoh addicted to singing of the advantages of bachelorhood and tho dis advantages of matrimony-of the free life with tho wine and cigars beneath the greenwood tree on tho one hand, and on the other the life of bondage, meekly walking behind a perambulator. This was all very well until ho fell in love with a certain^ young lady and came to an interview with her father. Eor then his sin found him out, and these Bohemian brain-children ' of his roso up to testify against him like the ghosts in Macbeth. " Have you quite made up your mind, youn^r man?' queried the stern pnrent. " Yes," responded tho would be Benedict., "But. are you quite suro ?" nykotl tno former in serious doubt, " Because I am not." "Cer tainly, quite sure," replied the suitor. "Well, then, hut what about this ?" .returned the lady's fathor. And no produced a booklet of poems by Theodore .Kink und opened it at a page where was the groat pooiu against the bondage of matrimony, OE courso, IWi\ l'li'K recanted ; ' hut the young -lady in question-Mrs. l''J ,. has bought up all the unsold ooples to produce in toslH mony-against him. Gknkka.l de Villebois-Mareuil, who was killed at Boshof, was the owner of Castle Bois-Corbeau, in Brittany. An incident which illustrates the late gene ral's bravery and determination occurred at Blois on January 28, 1871. De Villebois-Mareuil was then a lieutenant in command of a company of Chasseurs. The Germans had occupied Blois, and in defiance of the French guns, which pounded away at them all day, still' held the town at night, when the General ordered de Villebois-Mareuil to attack the enemy's position, placing himself at the head of his company, he led ."the assault on the fort. He was the first man to scale the wall, and as he stood on the bastions in the midst of a terrible fire'five bullets struck . him in the leg. The young lieutenant was seriously wounded, but to fall out at that critical juncture might mean the failure, of the attack. So he continued to spur on his men, and finally the Germans were driven away. Not until the French flag was hoisted over the forts did de Villebois-Mareuil allow himself to be attended by,, the doctors. His bravery was promptly rewarded, with the Cross of the Legion of Honour'and promotion to a Captaincy. It is only quite recently that the inhabitants of Blois com memorated this incident by erecting a monument to de Villebois- Mareuil's memory. ? Mn. C. P. Armstrong, the husband of Madame Melba, the prima donna, who has obtained a aivorce in Texas on the ground of desertion, is the youngest son of thelate Sir Andrew Armstrong, Bart., of King's County, Ireland. Anecdotes of Madame Melba a.ie very numerous. She had been practising her part at her hotel in New York one afternoon. Just as she had finished and. was coming out of ner rooms she, encountered a strange lady, whose rooms opened into the same corridor. The unknown approached her and. said, " Madame, I think you would be touched to hear what my little hoy said just now. He is lying .in bed, getting over an illness, and when you began to sing he lifted his tiny forefinger and whis pered, ' Hist, niumniy! Birdie!"' Once, after singing in Stockholm before the Kin&.&nd;^ u e e n, shV was called to the palace to receive t^'eI^eraQmir;congratulations of their Majesties and a drecompan^^^tH&JSing.; A pin was necessary to faspr? J^.ribSo'nK^'iil' as none had been provided Madai^e^Mjelhg^pl'fered 613(5 <Jo\the King. " Oh! I must not tal^^^pin- lirijm^youj'^-h'i^s Majesty said, smiling; "it might mar our^.^iejidsh'ijp'.* Then, after a moment's hesitilttontybe' added-/fis took the pin, "I will break the evu^|/qllr>yith a Kiss^' and/ we will be friends always." In net autobipgr^phy .Madame Melba playfully remarks tha1N^6^vas lt ari '*unusually naughty child, absolutely incomgiSle^trm'easonable, and unmanageable." She was the first lady.to perform on the great organ, of the Melbourne Town Hall. Mit. T. M. Slattery," M,F, (N.S.W.), at Ma\ Oxen ham's farewell:-" He was honoured in\ being surrounded by so many men representative of every thing that was good in the community, and he thanked them for attending to do honour to one of our best citizens."--(Tremendous cheers for " Oxey.") Apologies with regret for absence from Premier Lyrie and from Sir George Dibbs were then read. (Tremendous cheers again.) " Then Slattery again-Had not Mr. Oxenham declined a prof erred valuable testimonial it would have been the largest ever presented to any man leaving Aus tralian shores." Tremendous cheers.) Mr. Crick followed with similar warm eulogy. Then Mr. John Sands presented an address which said amongst other things that "No words can adequately express the feelings of esteem and admiration that are felt for your manly and honourable career, and we assure you your good example, valuable advioe, and kindly deeds will be sadly missed by many in the colonies." Sorrie innocent stranger may ask, " who is this gentleman about whom so many .good things are deservedly said by so many eminent oitizens ? Is he a warrior, statesman, philanthropist, and if so what are the mighty deeds that have earned him so muoh glory?' He is none of theso. He is simply a humble, unassuring citizen, seeking no publio popularity, wanting no billet, and with no axe of any sort to grind:-"He is plain Humphrey Oxenhnim, bookmaker and raoehorse owner ; his colours are violet and gold ; he Is a good sport and'* a good fellow generally." Well, I reckon you'll'have some dilfioulty when you're favewelling say, a rear top sawyer, in finding suitable adjectives, you seem to have got sold out in the demand for Oxenham," "My dear fellow, Oxenham is one of our leading bookmakers, and tney are the top-sawyers of the community;" 