ILLUSIONS PAST AUD PRESENT In the death of Professor Peeper, at his residence in Cohrorth-road, 'uevtofistane (Cng.), there passes away a personage wao may be rightly looked upon as tiie originator oi the modern style of illusion. He was tiie creator, some 30 'years ago, of tie celebrated 'Pepper's Ghost.' and for some time earned ; much fame and no little fortune by the ex hibition of aa illusion which was tiicn looked j upon as marvellous, but the secret- of which j is easily «-vpl lined. This was hi the days] when those peculiar variety shows of recrea tive science known as Polytechnic Imviafcii tioaa were popular with a class having mid day leisure and no settled way of passing it. The Adelaide Gallery flourished for a time op the dual attraction of a steam gun and an efectrieal eel, while the Polyteo&nk;:! drew its patron* by a- display of dissolving | viewG aad a. diving bell in & task. It wauj then that Professor Pepper aad bis txbost' j appeared on tbe scene, and opened np a netr | era in tiie world of modern magic. Pepper, was a man yrho, ah-hnntfi of no great invec- 1 ti*e talent, was nevertiieless a clever talker, ! and ahte to keep in touch with ilia listeners, J s- as w- hold their attention, and even gain] then- admiration. He quickly saw tiiat if the ? Bcyal Polytechnic was to enjoy more of icr- j tone's favor than certain of ite rivals it vonSd j be necessary to introduce mote turreisy acdj sensation into a form of entertainment ot which a diving bell and dissaving views *rerc the staUe atanecans. lie succeeded wnh hie 'Ghost.' On the origin of this illusion Mr. Ma&Ke-; lyne, of Egyptian-hall fame, was able to throw much light. '.Pepper,' said Mr. Maske lyne, '?really got his idea from walking one day down a passage in .St. James's Hall, ot tiie end of which was a mirror, and he saw himself reflected from a dark background. In fact, to-day you can see 'i*-eppe;-'s Gsost,' shat is to say. yourseif, everywhere. In a railway train, travelling at ni^rltt, yon can see your figure and face rejected outside, ap parently in space, or in a dark room with a strong light behind. It was, however, a young engines- named Dircfcs who fisst cane to Pepper witib the idea in the worksoie form. The hitter saw there was something in it, and took out a patent. The result was most successful, and Pepper made a lot of mer.ey. Moreover, bis success gave a great isopetns to the magic business. It brought in man of talent, men who could think acd de vise nsr acd origioal effects with mirrors. One of these was a mac named Sylvester, also known as the Fast of Ooloo, who improved coosideraibly on ''Pepper's Ghost.' Pepper had his mirror standing at an angle of 45deg., acd reflected from the wings, with the result that from certain parts of the house the figure did not always look straight. Sylvester got over this difficulty by inclining the mirror which faced the audience to a more acute angle, and placing tiie person to be reflected below tbe stage, in what was called the 'oven,' beca-jse it was always so hot down there, and tiie body was then reflected from behind by strong limelight. 'The Professor was also identified with an other 'illusion,' called the Sphinx's table, a three- legged table worked witii mirrors, much iu the same way as tiie ghost bnsiness. Tobin, an assistant of Pepper's, was really the origin ator of the Sphinx's table, which was also shewn in tbe Egypfcian-Lall by Colonel Sto dare, an American. Then there was the Pro tean cabinet, with its centre post and tbe .reflecting mirrors, which, when placed at a certain angle, gave the impression that the cabinet was empty, while all the time tbe performer was gfem^g behind ready to step cut and appear before the spectators. 'The cleverest thing, however, that Pep per ever did — and this was hi conjunction with a Mr. Walker, who, was an organ builder — was what was called the 'Metem psychosis.' Here the glass, instead of being stationary, was movable. Great care was taken to prevent the edges of tiie mirror from being seen. The great tiling was to move tile mirror across the stage and enable a female performer to take tiie place of the man, i or viee-versa. At the time the idea was con ? sidered extremely novel, and was undoubtedly ! -effective- Later on Pepper went to Austra lia and posed as a rain-maker. You know; | fired shells np at the clouds in the hope of bringing down rain, though I think he only achieved success when the clonds happened to be charged with moisture. On his return from Australia Pepper, I believe, again took to lecturing.' With regard to the latest form of illusions, Mr. Maskelyne, for obvious reasons, was un -aWe to be explicit, though he admitted that without diagrams it was very difficult to ade qnately convey the idea of how an illusion is managed. 'To-day,' he continued, 'the work has become far more complex. You may safely say it has entered tiie highest degrees of mechanics. The illusionist must be a stndeut and have a profound knowledge of physics. You can't invent new illusions. It's no use sitting down and thinking them out. It is not merely a question of needing an idea and then working it out. Yon may have to create the need, so to speak, and very often a scheme is rendered impracticable owing to the nature of your surroundings. Moreover, he wants to be, if anything, a little ahead of the times, to be quick enough to turn some novelty or discovery to account before it becomes known to the public. As an instance. Houdin, the French conjuror, in the days when electricity was in its infancy, made a tremendous Int' with an electrical drum, suspended in mid-air, with the tappers inside. People came and marvelled. It's no use doing tiiat to-day. Everyone knows how it is done. So we have to give the drum with the tappers outside, electric sparks and everything. No, the difficulty today is not tt deceive the public, bnt the expert, the man who knows the business and has studied it. It is not difficult to deceive the average audience, simply because, sitting comfortably, perhaps smoking, they don't trouble to find out. But if s not the same with the expert. He knows the points of tiie business, and yet I flatter myself I have been able to de ceive him as completely as the less scientific members of my audience.' The late professor, while in Australia, was appointed public analyst to the Mayor and corporation of Brisbane, Queensland.* holding the appointment for some years. 