Lover or Husband. CHAPTER XXV. THE KBD MOUSE. ' Jacky,' Baid Gillian in a queer, hoarse Toice, ' Jacky, look !' It was nine o'clock in tho common, dingy lodging hotiBO where they had found a refuge —a dirty, out-at-elbows place in tho Norfchond Road, where tho landlady had aBked for no references beyond tho sight of her week's money paid in advance. Out in tho country they had left spring was coming slowly,, with Sweet scents of budding trees ; here in London omnibuses crawled through tbe reeking mud ; finder their window a fish vendor sold stale fish by the flare of a paraffin lamp ; and yet till now they had been happier there than, ever in Hamilton Place. For tho jewels, safely sealed, had been sent tho day before to Scotland Yard ;' sent by tho expressman like an overy-day bundle. As tho clock struck tho first stroke of nine Jacky was almost gay, for come what might they had saved little Mi's. Faroham ; but as tho last stroke died away sho heard Gillian speak suddenly, and her licart died within her. ' What was the matter ? For Gillian had sprung to her feet, and Stood holding out tho ' evening paper they never dared to go to bed without reading, and Bhe was trembling from head to foot, as a woman only doeB in unbearable fear or pain. 'Jacky !' sho repeated, her teeth chatter ing, ' read this.' Tho younger sister snatched the paper. Its badly printed columns swam under her eyes in tho dim gaslight. Gillian pointed to something in big black letters, and Jacky's faco turned white as hers. ' Extraordinary Restitution of Stolon Jewels — Murderers of Paul Marchmont Gonsoiohco-Slricken — Tho Mystery of His Death Solved.' Painfully, as though sho spollod out each ?Word, Jacky Hamilton read down tho half column of closo typo, that brought beads of cold fear on her forehead. 'Our readers' — as if it concerned Borne One else, she noticed tho thing was poor journalism, badly written — 'our readers will Jjq interested to learn that an inoidont almost unparalleled in tho records of Sootland Yard occurred yesterday when all tho jewels stolon In tho great Wollford Houso robboi'y wore returned to the police by tho prosaic hands of Carter, Patterson, and Co., tho groat carriers. '* On inquiry at tho office it was learned tliafc tho ordinary brown paper parcol which contained them was brought in by a shabbily dressed girl, thiokly voilod. Tho clerk who received the parcel remembered it distinctly from tho fact that it was done up in a peonliar way and sealed in .every ^possible place with red wax. ? 'No doubt . is folt by tho police that the Bonder was one of tho two Hamilton girls, ?whoso mystorious disappearance from Hamil ton-Place on tho night of tho murder has Dover been explainod j and this conscious Btricken act liaB thrown a sudden light on the Xnurdor , itsolf, as well as on tho burglarios Ocqurring in tho neighbourhood. '. ' Tho Daily Mail is, as usual, tho first to learn tho faofc which will electrify all London that, warrants are out for tho arrest of both girls for tho robberies whioh havo so far beon a mystery,- and |also for fcho murdor of Paul Marohmont. ' 17nv in t.lio old houBQ whore flio murd or took plaoo a socrot, passage oxiBts, ending in a cavo with an outlet into tho grounds, and through that passage tho murdoross un doubtedly escaped,. Wo ? Bay murdoross advisedly, Binoe on tho collar stonos- tho polioo liave discovered tho print of a girl's small hand, marlJod in blood, an unmistakable , record of the author of the orimo. 'The murder is one of poouliar atrooity, /wlion it is romemborod that tho 'Into Mr. ilafohniont had adopted ono of tho missing girls from pure charity. It has boon learned iromitho faithful servants of the dead man that sho rewarded him with hatred and in-' gratitude, but it' WB^nob'iuiiUVthe; extra- ordinary restitution of tho jowels taken from .Wollford: Hduso that fcho roal history of tho Ol'imo was unvoilod. ? : ?-'???' 'It is now boliovod by tho polioo that tho older of tho two girls, havin/jjntroduoed, hor, Bistor into March mont's, hotiso on ., f also pro ioucos, 'profited by tho opportunities given '? thorn as mistross nnd maid to rob right and loft1 at Wollford Houso, tho supp.osod maid 'Stealing tho jowols from tho rooms of tho guosk while hor mistress, apparently guilt-, loss, disarmod Buspioion by novor loavmg tho fcalhioom. That Mr. Marohmont diBoovorod this orimo and taxed thorn with it would ox ?plain his death) sinoo both girlB must have jioon quito unscrupulous, and yhon drivon to flosporation woukl havo boon quito oqual to ovorpoworing a small, oldorly man. It is sixp ttosbd that ono of thorn hold him from behind. Wliilo tho othor stabbod him with his ow inifo, a largo ono, ' which ho used for pruu jugtho roBos, wliicli worohis groat hobby. Tbey then fled from the houso by the secret passage, of which tbey most have beon well aware, since Hamilton Place had been the homo of their family for centuries until want of money forced thoir father to sell it. ' Tardy repentance or fright has evidently impelled the guilty girls to make the restitu tion of the jewels which has caused so great a sensation and supplied the mysterious x'obbery and murder with a clear solution. That they are in London is certain, and their appre hension is now merely a matter of time. To their hidiug place the police already have a clue, and right minded people will rejoice that they will undoubtedly suffer for their crimes. ' En revanche the appearance of the stolen jewels has come just'in time to keep a certain ' celebrated case' from coming into court. A very pretty and popular lady will be con gratulated on tho discovery of the mystery surrounding her loss of some borrowed jewels, which leaves her reputation unstained by an accusation now proved to havo been utterly unfounded.' Jacky dropped the paper. ' It's wicked, wicked,'- sho gasped, ' to let them publish lies like that ! How dare they take it for granted that any one is guilty till they're tried ? Don't look like that, Gill ! They can't make out we did it.' ' We can't prove wo didn't.' Tho voice of despair cut Jacky'h heart ; for the first time she realised where they stood, to what a des perate pass. they had come. ' And if we tell the truth twenty times over,' tho miserable voice went on, ' it will be no good. , Lesard will be gone by that time to some safe place. Ho will read tho I papers and laugh to seo me bearing his sins while he gets off. And Mrs. Gibbs — she will believe I did it ? ' ' Why do you say ? 1' ? Why not ' us' ?' in sharp interruption. v' Because I told Sir Charles I hhtod March mont, and Mrs. Gibbs know it too.' ' Sir Charles will believe in you.' ' No one believes in a girl like mo. Those people — Jncky, you don't know them. They don't fool for others. ? I'vo seen those women stand by and laugh at a hunted, homeless dog — they'll laugh like, that at me.' ' Hush !' cried Jacky, angrily. ' Sit down. We must think what we're to do.' Hor own heart wns beating in sickening thumps, but for all that she could still hone in thetruth that shames the devil. 'Do you think they havo traced us?' sho pointed to tbe papei's. ' It doesn't matter. They will if they haven't,' Jacky kicked at a hole in tho carpet, whistling tunelessly after her fashion. . ' They shan't — I won't let them !' sho said, breaking off suddenly. ' Listen, Gill, we'd better get out of this. We're pretty ; people notice us too much oven in this house.' ' We'll be turned out next week ! I've spent, 01 Jost, or sometuing, all tno money air Charles lent mo.' ' ? ? P ' But there's ten pounds for me at tho bank.' Gillian began to laugh hystorically, dread fully. . ? ? ? ? ? ' Who would cash ' your cheque hero in London uuless they know you?' sho said with chattering teeth. 'And in tho face of this,' tonching tho ill-omened newspaper, ' I don't Bupposo oven you aro going to walk calmly into tho bank and domand your monoy.I' Jacky sat aghast, beyond oven whistling. Sho had novor thought of that. „ Writo to Sir Charles,' sho suggested, for lornly; ' Who i3 probably leading tho hue .and cry against us by now.' ' Tho quick pain in Gillian's voico made Jacky look sharply at her. Why was sho bo bittor againBt tho man who had certainly been hor friend ? '' You've no right to speak like that,' sho returned, coldly. . Gillian burst into a storm of sobbing. ' No, no,'- sho cried., 'I know. I didn't really mean it. But just because ho was good to us is tho reason I won't drag him into our affairs. Oh, Jacky, ho was kind to us ; ho was a gentleman, and if I wrote I might got him into dreadful troublo'.' ' Ho'b a man,' bitterly; ' men keep clear of troublo.' ' I can't writo — dou't you see I can't ? . I that am' — shamo in her voice that would once havo been proud— r' Lesard's wife.' ' Don't 1' said Jacky, fiercely, oven yet stung boyond ondurnnco that any other woman 3hould have boon Losard'B wife. And yet sho hated him all tho more fiercely for Gillian's wrongs, till tho love that was turned to loathing in hor bit at hor heart for tho deadly vengeance that might yet bo had on Lesard. ' Why do you think' he's gone?' sho domandod, arid oven yot could not spoak tho namo that sho had lovod.' 'He's not a fool, and, ho had money. BeBidos, at first ho would not know he1 had mo his wifo, for a scapegoat. Ho had to go.' 'f Ho may come baok — whon ho knows.' . Thoi smile that no happy woman has tho trick of oamo to Gillian's lips, bitter, delicate. 'Not. ho, not' Losard,'. sho said, gently. 'You may put what you're thinking, of out of your mind, Jaoky. Even if you could do it, it would kill mi. I will never let tho world— or' she stopped Oharlos Vivian's namo on her lips — v or any one know I was over Losard's wifo, his foolish, happy slave. Toll'me;' more .' gently still, 'do you think any ono in that express office could swear to you?' '? ? . ?:? ? ?.?.?;;???.??? : .-;?.:'?? - ? ? 'Not as tho rod-haired girl who was at Hamilton Plaoo,' swiftly, for; tho waves of burnt gold shdno unstained, now in tho burniBhod curls Lesard had lovod. ' Try not to. 'despair, Gill,' bravely enough j ' they can't know what the : paper says. Think of tho many, many guilty pooplo who must have escaped from far- worse places than wo aro in, .who aro innooont. Lot's go to bod now. To-morrow wo can think of somowhoro to go.' ? -' On that?' returnod Gillian, dryly, hold in c out six shillings. But sho got up .and wout oyor to ihoir hod as if sho woro too weary 46 |oaro for, anything but sleep. ,, In the ugly light from a dirty gas globo tho younger sister safe thinking, her ourloc gold hoad bowbd on hor arms that vrerp folded on tho table. ; Money they must havo, or olso blear thom solvos dvori.as little Mrs. Faroham had beou ploarod, but1 thero was no ono to play Don Quixoto for thom-s'thby' had for hor. , ? Tho hato for1 tho , man , sho had loved—that hato which .has 'driven' ovoh good women to madness— -scomod . to. quiolcon in hor as . Gil lian's sloop on then? misorablo bod dooponod. A curious .thrill wont ..through Jaoky 'Harail-' ton's wholo body — a unddhopo thai was | flovilish. * i ? With a speed that wns uncanny in its noiselessness, she got up and seizing on Gillian's hat, stole from the room. The clock upstairs struck teaj as she slipped out into the bustling thoroughfare of the Northend Road. Women -with baskets jostled her, as good women do a bad one ; men in soiled paper collars and flashy clothes stared at her, nnd turned away sharply as they snw her eyes that were fixed as though she looked on a horror. Presently sho found herself in a crosB street, going she knew not where, walking because tbe movement helped hor to plan out what was in her heart, led un falteringly by some spirit in her feet. When she had walked for half an hour like one who follows through thick mist a well known path she realised where she was — but not why sho was there, nor what such a place could havo to do with Jacky Hamilton. She stood in a well-lit, quiet street — quiet but for the hansoms that flashed up it and stopped at tho portico of a smart stone houso opposite her, where men got out and went in. She knew tho place for a sort of private gambling house, kept by a woman, a goi geously handsome creaturo who drove herself in tho park in a high mail pbaston, always j alone, always insolent, pnrading her brazen ? beauty before tho world, | Tho girl with whom Jacky had lived ; during those few happy months in London,1] when tho world had seemed a place of roses and silver trumpets aud Lesard, had pointed j one day with tears in her honest young eyes to tho shining carriage, the solitary woman. ' Sho wns the daughter of the innkeopor in ; our village,' sho had said, ' and look at her now. Oh, it is a dreadful place, London. Tho Red Mouse, they call her, because sho haB gnawed through so many men's fortunes , and her money is stained with blood. 'She keens a camblincr house, but tho polico never troublo hor. She has too many friends with heavy hands.' ? ' The words camo back now to the pale girl with tho hardset mouth, standing in the j street, splashed by tho mud from those flying hansoms. It was tho houso of tho Rod Mouso she stood before ; thero and nowhere else her business lay. But oven yot she did not know what sho had como to do. . Tho night was strangely warm and clear for March ; the wide, double doors of tho houso were flung wide to the portico of white stone that shouo like marble in tho koen electric light over the doorway. . . Jacky, as if the light fascinated her, drew slowly nearer, till sho stood on the pavement ' directly iu front of tho door and could soe into tho hall. i It was carpeted with red, soft and thick like velvet, aud .in the dimly glowing light of roso and amber lamps she saw the luxury that reignod in the houBO. Flowers, statues, pictures, sho could sho, and a mounting trail of perfumed smoke that roso from a great brass inconso burner at the foot of tho marblo staircase. A man servant in plain clothes stood motionless in tho doorway, never oven j glancing at tho small figuro in black on tho ! sidewalk. The passers by often stopped to | staro at tho docorous doorway of the houso where men won fortunes, or more, of ton wore beggared of their all. -??? Neither mattered to' j the Red Mouse. Tho wiuners paid hor too good a percenlngo of their takings. j.^. jnCKy— swinnginro tno nouse inatBooiovprjy ovaded tho law, whore no ono ever passed the sentinel servant who did not bear an or thodox invitation card in tho handwriting of its mistress — wondered afresh why sho had como. ' ? Heavy with the droadf ul fears that had come to hor with the reading of the papers, mad dened with the longing to nmko Losard know that her own hand could strike in the dark as surely aB his own, tho girl did not notice as a small dainty brougham drow up just behind hor. ' Now, thou, child,' said a woman's voice at Jaoky'B shoulder — a voice with a tolltalo hoarseness in it — 'don't stop all the way.' Jacky swung around, startled. It was tho Red Mouso herself, _ Tall, fair, exquisitely made, Bho stood waiting to pasB, her cloaz'-cut faco gay nnd insolent. Thoro was too muoh rougo on the lovely cheeks, too much carmine on tho hard mouth, a lino of biack on tho oyolids that showed in the searching electric light. But atnono of these was Jacky Hamilton staring like ono who sous a ghost. Her cloak of palest violet satin, softwith ermine, filmy with lace, had fallon baok from tho shoulders of tho Rod Moubo. Sho held it on with one strong hand, laughing at the surprise on tho faoo of the loitoring girl. It waB not often that a woman ♦ gazed at her beauty with Buch oxoited, covetous pyos. _ But Jacky had never oven glancod at that painted face. i ' *» ' On the whito threat of tho Red Mouso, that roso like a lovely column whore tho ol oak had slipped baok, shone and sparkled something whoso unholy fire Jaoky know. It was tho neoklaco of blaok diamonds that LeBard had taken from tho cellar. There was no mistaking it, shining red and green, with the centre of oaoh stone a scintil lating spot of whito light. ' Oh!' gasped the girl, and oriod instinc tively, ' how lovely !' ( Tho Rod Mouso was good natured to reok-. lossnoss. ' .What ? My neoklaob ?' She paused, faoing tho shabby girl. 'Bah! I only like it because it's new. I paid too muoh for it, only this afternoon.' ? V 'You bought it from Losard!' oriod Jaoky, and then could havo bitten hor tongue at fcor own madness. ??? ? . ? ' What if I did. It's nono of your busi ness,' said tho Red'MouBO, rudely. ' Got out of tho.road, will you ?' And tho scent of her eatins and, laces reached Jaoky as sho brushed by. ' ' ''' . ???? ' ? ? She know now why sho had como horo at, this hour. LeBard was still in London. . . Gillian, who had boon his wife, 'was tongue tiod, but not Jaoky, who hated him with tho hato of hell — who must hang if ho. wont free! (2'o lo continued.') 