Coursing. [By Le Giund.] Sydney, Wednesday Afternoon. ' The meeting at Belmore was perfect as regards management, but the woather, to. use the old coursing phrase, was real winter. Yesterday was a bright, sunny day, but to-day was foggy and dull. The first round, of the Canterbury Stakes saw Bathurst still represented with three dogs left in, bat the second round saw the downfall of Herald by Bezique in one of tho closest courses of the day, as Herald led, and it was only- the kill that gave Bezique the winning flag. The other Bathurst. dog, Kilmoroy, ran a splendid trial against Lady Lee in the first' round, but in the first ties he did not seem to try a yard against Mr. Lakeman's Lyddite, who boat him easily. Fanny W., another Bathurst dog, ran a great trial against the Orange representative, Lily of the West, and after being Jed by two lengths equalised matters ; but Lily of the West oame with a brilliant kill, and thua gained the judge's verdict by half a point. Following is the result : — . CANTEunuiiY Stakes. ? First llouiul. Herald beat Puttie Bnzeoku beat Myee Comniurcial beat Llewolly n Bird of Paradise beat Marcolial Neil Mngnlo beat Nun-nicer Blythsilnlc bent Qnambi Kilmoroy beat Lady Loo ' Love Wisely boat -Mischief Ann Devclin beat llattter Sunrise beat Pathfinder Dummy beat Hognn's Ghost, Mntalgea a bye. Second Hound. Bazecke beat Herald Commercial beat Bird of Paradise MriRiiic beat Blythsdalc Lyddite beat Kilmoroy Ann Develin beat Love' Widely Sunrise beat Matalgcn Dummy a bye. The FEiwiniiL Stake,. First Round, Bluch beat Darkness Lord Tennyson beat Jarooga Propollor beat Spy and Kop Fnirlight l-cat ffiora . . . t - . Second Hound. Much beat Tennyson Fnirllght boat Propollor ' Enpielu'. Stake. , .. -: First Hound, .Misty* Unin beat My Queen ' _ ( , .5tlw- Hanlan beat Peppermint ? ;-Rov?eria,beat Oowl News ' l;tlyot yVcM beat .'Fnuujr W, , . ^ ... _ . La Carabine beat Sweet Mario Dewy Morn beat Cninnrtrn Cuckoo beat Warntiili \- 'nrifiiiiia beat Winnie. .Second Iluunil, Miss Hanlnu beat Mlnty llaih Lilly of West Twat llowerin La Carabine beat Cuckoo Dewy .Horn beat CnrMina. Thoro will be a number of ,8-dog stakes drawn to make a good day's sport to-morrow. ' (By Wire.) Sydney, Thursday. It is raining in torronts, and a perfect gale is blowing. . The coursing has boon postponed. Sore Eyes. — Wo have much pleasure in again calling publio attention to -the valu able spooifia, Mouuis's Impehial Eye Oint ment for all complaintB to which tho oyes of tho rosidonts aro subject. 'It has a reputa tion of over half a century, and can bo con fidently recommended as the universal remedy for all diseases brought on through duBt, heat, fiios, -cold, tx *es-. to reading and writing, etc. All tho local stores and ohe mists will bo glad to supply it, price 2s por pot. It is advisable to proanro.a supply to-day, and bo ready to ovortake all troubles to prevalent at this season of tho year.41 