Mnteriea of Crime. In 1890 a woman' body was dis covered in n cellar, under the pavement, of a fine mansion In Barley-street. The butler of the family Jn eleaningj-otit the cellar came upon a cask, ainl within that cask he -found the body -nreserred In quicklime; which had been used, uo' doubt, with the idea of preserving it. but the opposite result followed. Decomposition bad. however, gone too far to make recognition possible, and there was never tbe slightest clue to tbe identity of tbe criminal, or of that of 'the murdered person. ' The ovbinan bad been stabbed to tbe heart. ; Nothing whatever was elieited'ln -the bouse it self. It had been occupied by tbe same gentleman, its proprietor, an'unimpeavh- ably respectable person, for'a't least twenty years, and be could throw no light whatever upon the mystery. Even where a bojy has been clearly identified, and within a short space of time, the solution has not been- reached. Dct us take some of the less familiar cases as recorded in tbe criminal his tory of other countries. There was the murder of " the pretty cigar girl," as she was called, Mary Rogers, of Xow York— tbe foundation, indeed, of Edgar Allen Foe's famous story, "The Mystery of Marie Roget," although he, placed (he scene of the? crime in Paris. Mary Rogers left her home one evening for a walk in Hobo- ken, on the Jersey side of tbe Hudson River, and was never afterwards seen alive. Some days later her body was., found floating In North River ; she hpd „ been strangled by ber own lace fichu. By-and-by the traces of a fierce and mortal struggle were found in a neigh bouring wood, aud iu due course several arrests were made, all of men supposed to bare been desperately in lore with "Mary Rogers. . Every .one was able, however, to "establish hih Jpiioceafce,:aI-„ though one, by named Payn, subse quently committed suicide near where the crime was perpetrated. This mysterious murder agitated the whole of tho United States to an extent unparalleled, except by the murders of Presidents Lincoln and Garfield, and no ttttlsfactory clue was ever obtained. Mot long ago, at tbe death of the to bacco merchant who had been Mary Rogers's employer, and who as years passed had become a very wealthy man, certain facts were said to have come out which in a measure Implicated him with the crime ; but these do not seem to have been more than a vague story of hid. being haunted on his deathbed in Pahs by the ghost of the murdered girl. t Other cases of a similar kind have occurred iu the United Starts. There was the murder of Sarah Cor nell, who was at first thought to have hanged herself, then said to have been killed by a Methodist minister ; but he was acquitted, and the deed, now proved to be one of violence, was al ways a mystery. . i So was that of tbe girl fished up from the bt :oin of Manhattan well, in the days when New York was a small place; uui ujv uiuiuviLT yi uu jiaa ure i strati- gled, then thrown, Gulielma Sands down the well was never discovered.— From "Cassell's Family Magaaine" for April. 7 - v ' t' f 