To Smoke — or not to Smoke ? THE MACQUARIE-ST. PANTOMIME. CLIPPINGS FROM THE BOOK. At the Theatre Eoyal, Mac quarie-street, on Tuesday, August 7, the curtain rose at 7 sharp on the grand annual production of 'The Doctor on Toast; or Harlequin, the Boy and the Cigarette, tho Bounding Brothers of Lang, Mac quario, and Wilcannia, and tho Little Fat Gobbler from Northum berland.' The pioce waa well caafr, and capitally played, the company, knowing that under any circum stances the ghost was bound to walk, being in good form, though perhaps a trifle too much prone to gagging. The coot of production was somewhat high, but tho enter tainment waa greatly enjoyed (by the performers), and lasted fov ex actly 3§- hours. If tho company could be persuaded to repeat the performance, say on oome public holiday, charging a good round sum for admission to tho theatre, probably an enormous number of people would visit — the other end of the city. However, leot thio great effort at original English should be lost to posterity, hidden away in the musty folios of Mansard, we quote a few of tho brightest gema from the book of tho latest pantomimo produced in a street that is called Macquario. Mr. Sleath : I quite believe in suppressing cigarette smoking by the strong arm of the law — or anything else that is handy. We are living in an age of pro gress, and we are not going to be guided altogether by what haa been done in Japan. Surely, as British people, we should be prepared to go one step in advance of Japan. If.it has been decided in Japan that no one Under the age of 20 should smoke, this Houae ought to say that no one under 50 should nmoke. I would suggest that instead of inserting in the bill an age limit, we should insert a size limit. Let it be provided that no man, unless he were over the height of 5 feet 3£ inches, having a certain chest measurement, should be allowed to amoke. There would be no diffi culty in the matter. Instead of asking for a birth certificate, all that a licensed tobacconist would require to do would be to produce a tape measure. It is very difficult, sometimes, to tell a person's age. Take, for example, the hon. member for Eyde. No one can say at a glance, whether he is 16 or 56 years of age. Mr. W. M. Euglws : There are two points in oonnec tion with the bill to which I should like to refer. One of the diffi culties in connection with it I re ferred to in an interjection whioh I made when the hon. member for Wilcannia waa speaking — the difficulty of determining the age of the person who may be smoking. I may say in passing that the sug gestion of the hon. member fur Wilcannia that a size limit should be resorted to is absurd, and cal culated to work a vital change in the habits of the people, a change from which grave ethnological re sults might follow. If it were necessary, before one could smoke, that one Bhould be 37 inches round the chest, all but one i or two hon. members would be '', prevented from indulging in the habit of smoking. I am not a ', - smoker, and to that I attribute my ' extraordinary physique, and I re- . \ grot that other hon. members whoni whom I goq around mo wero not prevented in their oarly youth from [ indulging in tho -pernicious prac tice. I can only attribute the ; attenuated form of the right hon. member at the head o£ tho Opposi tion to the fact that ho was not checked in his early youth from in- \ dulging in the practice. \ , The bill, in effect, ciays, ' You can ) smoke and chew, providing you i get a medical certificate.' Doea the hon. and learned member propose, by an insidious ' side-wind, to throw into the coffers of tho medical professional a hither to unesploited field of profit? If ,1 so, the provioion to which I ref or is one which undermines tho very principles of morality. Consider ing the great dependence which already esiato between ourselves - and the medical profesoion, inas- , , much as they bring uo into the world, and no sooner are we hero than they commence to hurry us out again, hon. members will agree with me that this io tho laofc straw, breaking tho camels back. ; ; We are ? asked to entrust tho tender interests of our growing ; youth to the mercenary disposition of some peripatetic physician. I see before mo growing up come ( of tho pariahs of tho medical pro- ' fession, who will prowl round with certificates already writtea out in '- their, packet books, ready to. sell themu- to the outscourings of; our ' great cities in return for the pay ment of the small sum of 6dc, thus enabling these misguided children to poison at once their own con stitutiona and the surrounding at mosphere. Consider now the conditions o£ an aboriginal, a half-caste, or a cross between a Chinaman and an aboriginal, See the unhappy state' ' to which you reduce him, who is unable to get medioal asaistance, who may be, perhaps, suffering from asthma, as many of them do. My hon. friend knows that tobacco , - is very good for asthma. WhBt (tearfully) is the unfortunate boy to ]', do if he cannot get medical advice ? ' ' I can only trust that my hon. friend will move an amendment by which we can know when a man is chewing tobacco. I do not know how to tell. I see some hon. mem bers hero chewing in a most en thusiastic way ; they may bo chew ing the cud of bitter reflections, or they may have most brilliant hopes , stimulating them, or it may be ( tobacco they are chewing. Suppose, ,i sir, such a regulation were put in force here, and you had to decide ?' by the movement of a member's jaw ' ' that he was breaking a standing ' order, would you like to take upon n yourself the responsibility, simply because his jaws were not wag-ging ?' - J!, in an orthodox way, of ordering vj] his removal? I do not think so. 'ff'j. I do not think any hon. member $|j with a heart in him at all — and fe my hon. friend would be the first ffi to admit 'that every man has -a : m heart of Borne kind — would like to I have such a regulation |pi force. I ' B hope my hon. friend will agree to j these amendments, and, if he does,- ifl I think we will get the bill through - ?'?' j$,r, committee very quickiy. '??? - vr- Mr. Crick; : ..'..,; ',. , ''??J .'..?- ; .'?? JL Under thia.bill it wiUxeBt.^itH .. IjJ the p jliceman.to. decide at the time ???'??; B '' ' 'J'' '?' .--?'' -:' i il I — — — — H whether a culprit he arrests is H under the age of 16. Suppose the §8 hon. member for The Manning H (Hon. J. H. Youngf) is walking ''(f Gomo day wifcli a harnilesa cigarette i in hio mouth, and a policeman comoo along who haa a 'down' on '! him. In hia opinion, my hon. '? f tiend is apparently under the ago ,? of 16, oo my hon. friend ba3 to bo locked up and brought before the ' , magistrates, and haa to produce then a certificate oi his ago -or oIgo a certificate from a duly-qualified practitioner that ho io Buffering* '' , from asthma. Lot us apply (he rule all round. Take the altered appearance of the I ; hon. member for Wilcannia. Suppooe that Goxno evening ho is walking around smoking aoino of ,, the tobacco which ho got on the voldt in. Bouth Africa, and a police man who haa a 'down' on him a&ya;: * Oomo horo, my boy/ and ' locks him up for omoking tobacco. n j The kon. member assures the II policeman that ho is all corts of things, but the policeman saya to /'t ' liim : ' You can prove that before ^ the court,' and until he does ao he .'iji must remain in gaol. As he was ?i(. born at s'a, and no record of hio «,| age has been kept, he must remain ||l| in gaol until he can get a certificate HI that he io suffering from asthma ! 11 If the bill io referred to a eelecfc H' committee, what sort; of a com M mitteo could axy hon. friend got? f] Here is the', hon. member for 1 1 Singleton. He could have no bet I tor man on the committee to deal I 1 with the suppression of juvenile i smoking. Then, take the leader of \, the ..Opposition; nobody knows !(,j more about the youth of thia |» colony. For forty or fifty years |§f he has preserved his youth. mm H Mr, Peid : I never smoked in ? my life but once, and I was sick mm for a week afterwards. H Mr. Crick : jraf That muot have been a terrible Hjl smoke, because it has left the hon. wm member's brain clouded ever since. H Then there is the hon. member for H Newtown-Erskine. No man is H better acquainted with youthful Iff vice than the hon. member ! mr Mr. Say ties : B' Some of the speeches delivered ? here to-night have not been sin ? cere. The hon. member for North ? umbcrland congratulated the hon. Hf member for Molong1 on the fact m that he had contributed magnificent B articles on scientific subjects to his H newspaper. But he forgot to ?* mention that, when he got the |H hon. member to write for his news Ill paper, it became crowded with un |^1 dertakero' advertisements , ] 1 1 With regard to the contention J-li] i that smoking has such an ill effe.t l[ » unon the youth of the country, I jil j think the wholesale and constant y 1 1 use of tea by young people in their H I. homes is doing more to injure Is!1! their health than is all the tobacco ||| I smoking in which they indulge. wl We must recognise that the Ml brightest intellects in this chamber w{ are men in the habit of smoking a fit: cigar or pipe. Some of our best if writers and thinkers, some of the If most scientific men the world has IS j ever known, some of our beet jfj soldiers and sailors, indulge in this Hi habit. V\ The bill would place in the hands 1 1 of a policeman the power of scourg | !' ing the unfortunate people of this |f country in a way in which they If had never been scourged before. |? Ihere were policemen so short I flighted that they might even mis take him for a youth of 14. Then take the hon. member for Wil cannia ; he would expect to see him before the Water Police Oourt two days after thia bill was passed charged with smoking' a cigarette givon to him by somebody else. It \7ould bo quite absurd to allow anything to bo interpreted as a crime on the strength of a state ment by a policeman, who at 12 o'clock at night could not tell whether ho was lookinp; at one man or a dozen. Ho might mis take a boy smoking a cigarette for a tram-car. This bill would place a man's liberty in the hands of a policeman. Hon. members knew peraonally that the police had too much power already in their hands. Mr. Sleath : rlhere io an insidious attempt to introduce an amendment which would make the bill more drastic than it appeared to be at first sight. The hon. member for Wellington might be actually over the age of 16, but apparently ho might be only 15J. Therefore, ho would bo liable to arrest, liable to be locked up and to suffer all the pains and penalties inflicted by this bill. There would not be a dry eye in the House if it were known that the hon. ^member for Wellington had been arrested on the ground that he was apparently under the ago of 16, and that he had been smoking cigarettes. There would be consternation in the country, the people would rise as one man, and demand the Gcalp of the hon. and learned member who had been responsible for placing the measure on the statue book. . Mr. Haynes : Passing a bill of this description is taking the bread out of the mouth of the doctors ! Mr. Sleath said he was sure the hon. and learned member for Molong did not trouble himeelf at all about that. The hon. and learned gentleman's one desire was to benefit the rising generation. Mr. Haynks rose to order. Wan the hon. member for Wilcannia in order in continually saying that ho believed that the hon. and learned member for Molong had the wel fare of the riaing generation at heart ? What had that to do with cigarettes ? He did not see how that came in at the present junc ture. Every hon. member waa aware of that fact. How could the hon. member be in order in re peating it. One of the standing orders was to the effect that an hon. member must not make the same assertion more than cen times at the most. He sut mitted the hon. member was out of order. Here a side-show takes place, half a dozen minor members of the talented troupe rising to order, one against the other. Finally the leader of the troupe in despair tells them to say and do what they darn well please, while he has a sleepf and then ? Mr. W. M. Hughes repudiated the suggestion of the hon. memter for Wilcannia as to a height limit ation. Such a limitation would bring under the operation of the measure the hon. members for Nor thumberland, Wellington, Wagga Wagga, Molong, and himself, be cause they were all below the height prescribed by the member for Wilcannia, and he could hardly conceive a more edifying and interesting spectacle than those hon. members would present in the dock. Mr. Hayne3 : Under the clause as it stands a boy might deliberately smoke for the purpoue of getting his mother-in-law fined ! Mr. Hughes thought that that would be a wrong thing to do, and he regretted that the hon. member's mind was capable of conceiving such iniquity. He would suggest that the parent or guardian of a child caught smoking should be compelled to pay the prescribed fine. He did not know what to suggest if there were no guardian or parent. Dr. Ross said he could see that the committee was not disposed to deal with the bill in the spirit in which he should like to see it dealt with, and therefore he pro posed to report progress. CURTAIN— Rush for Refreshment Room. 