False Testimony. From the Short Sermons of Thomas, Canon of the Oathedral of Leigi, Belgium, published by ?Bishop Spalding, Louisville, Ky., U.S.A. I56O. ' Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbour.' Exodus xx, 16. Our Divine Lawgiver, after having in the Fifth Commandment watched with a tender solicitude over the preservation of our lives — after having in the Seventh protected our goods and property — undertakes in the Eighth the dttence of our reputation and our honour — those riches often dearer than life itself, the loss of whioh is capable of poisoning all the enjoyments of earth. Were the Eighth Commandment faithfully ob served, distrust, dissimulation and hypo crisy would be banished from society ; and we would see revived among us truth, inti mate confidence and good faith, whioh would make the earth an anticipated para dise. What, then, does this commandment of God forbid? He forbids not only false testimony, but also calumny and detraction, rash judgments and lies ; in a word, all sins of the tongue, or of thought, whioh injure our neighbours' honour and reputa tion. What is it to bear false witness against our neighbour ? ' It is to make a false state ment against our neighbour before a court of justice, after having taken the oath whioh is usually required of witnesses. To depose falsely is never lawful : it is always a sin, whether the testimony turn to the injury or to the advantage of our neigh bour. It is a mortal sin, inoluding the sin of perjury, the matter of whioh is always mortal. The man who bears false witness against his neighbour commits a threefold sin ; he is guilty of perjury, since he testifies falsely, after swearing to tell the truth ; he is guilty of injustice, since he wrongs his neighbour, towards whom he is bound to observe the laws of justioe and of oharity ; he is guilty of lying, sinoe he affirms or denies a thing contrary to what he knows to be true. Moreover, the man who swears falsely sins against three different persons ; against God, whose holy and divine presence he despises by oalling upon Him to witness a falsehood ; agamBt the judge, whom he ineultB in deceiving him by a lie ; against the adverse party, whom he endeavours to have unjustly condemned. Hence, there ia no nation, however barbarous, that has not held in horror this detestable crime, so odious in the sight of God. The Holy Spirit says, 'Six things there are whioh the Lord hateth ; and the seventh His Soul detosteth : Haughty eyes, a lying tongue, hands that shed innocent blood, a heart that deviseth wioked plots, feet that are swift to run into mischief, a deoeitful wituess that uttereth lies, and him that soweth discord among brethren, He. that justifies the wioked, and he that oondemns the just, both are abominable before God. A man that bears false witness against his neigh bour is like a dart and a sword and a sharp arrow.' It is the Almighty God Himself who ap pointed the trial by witness as the rule to be followed in the judgments of men ; it was God who required that every tentenoe should be determined and dooided upon the depositions of two or three witnesses, as wo read in the Book of Dueteronomy, It is the wituoBH, then, who deter mines tho sentence deciding the property, the fortune, the honour, and oven tho age of hia brethren, How great and awful the responsibility whioh rests upon him I But what must we say of the false wit ness ? Not only ia he obliged to satisfy the justioe of God by a penance proportionate to the onormity of his orime, no is also bound to repair all tho wrong whioh he has, by his malice, caused to his neighbour j nay, even at the mk of his life, to contradict t what he had falsely sworn, if the reparation oan not be other wise effeo ted, and if there is room to hope that, by confessing the truth, the aooueed party will be acquitted and IiIh in nocenoe reoognised ; for, when the danger iB equal botween two peraona, the condition of the innooentis preferable to that of the guilty, whose orime is the cause of his diffi culty. Tho falae witness is obliged to repair the wrong whioh he has through malice oaused, even though ho is not himself bene fited by his injuatioo. His oo-operatlon in the unjuet aot, by his falae testimony, 1b enough to oondoran him—that alone rondera him most culpable before God, and pi 0,000 him undor the sad necessity of repairing all the ovil whioh has arisen from hia aot, If, however, his oath though contrary to truth, is the result of ignorance or of involuntary error, he ia not bound to reparation, since he ia not in this case justly olmrgoablo with guilt. If, thoroforo, it happono that you aro called on as witnoHoofl in any lawauito, ro membor that you aro goina to nwoar baforo Gotl to' 'toll tho truth, tho wholo truth, and nothing but the truth.' Tell, there fore, precisely what you knowand just as you know it, as true what you believe to be true, as doubtful what seems to you doubtful,, nothing if you know nothing, about the matter; but whatever you tell let it be always with reotitude, frankness and Bin oerity. Let neither hatred, nor friendship, nor compassion, nor fear, the inclination to please any man, or the sordid luore, presents or threats, ever induce you to swerve from your duty and violate truth. Remember that the eye of God is upon you, and that false testimony iB an abominable crime, You admit that ? false testimony is an awful sin — an abomination before God. Can there be any crime more shocking ? There can : The orime committed by him who brings a false accusation of a grievous nature against his neighbour's oharaoter. To acouse one's neighoour falsely, is to charge him with a criminal action of which he is innocent. The man who commits thiB orime strikes a mortal blow at his neigh bour's honour and reputation ; he abuses most detestably the authority confided to judges, and dishonours the sanotuary of justice. And what ''s the source of this dark offence ? Sordid in .erest, self love, avarice, wounded pride, or some other pas sion equally shameful. God detests this orime, and he who commits it will not es cape His almighty vengeance. The Sacred Scriptures furnish, in the his tory of Susanna, a striking instance of the hatred whioh Almighty God bears to false testimony. Two wicked old men had, by a moBt columinous accusation, oaustd this holy daughter of Juda to be oondemned to' death. But God, in vindication of her inno cence, inspired the prophet Daniel, then only a youth, to deny the justice of her sen lenoe; who, being permitted to examine the two witnesses, clearly convioted them of falsehood. The sentence was reversed, and the false accusers were forced to undergo the death they had prepared for the chaste Susanna. How, then, shall you act when compelled by just and lawful motiveB to sue your neighbour ? No doubt, if he has done you grioyous wrong, you do not sin by seeking, juatioe, for God permits you to do so. Buc take oare, while giving your testimony that you do not fail in truth, Do not exaggerate — do not let yourself be oarried away by anger, reeentmont, or envy. Close your .heart against avarice, the detestable love of gold — whioh so often induoeB men to forge false notes and deeds, or to alter true ones, thua becoming guilty of the dreadful orime of forgery, a apeoies of false testimony inex preasibly odioue to God, Profit by thiB instruction j I regard it as^ one of the utmost importance. Never bear false witness against your neighbour ; if you. do, you act against tho great precepts of oharity, and the Holy Ghost warns us that God will not let go unpuniahed tho man who oomraite this orime, Never oease to love and praotise the beautiful, virtue of justioe, Look on your neighbour as another self ; try to be useful to him ;.. oondole with him in his misfortunes and sorrow, and rejoice with him in his good suooess. Aoting thus, God will bo glorified, in your life— He will love you, and will oue' day bring you to heaven, there to rooom pense the virtues you will have practised on earth. 