The Protestant Protest. The protest of Protestantism in the form of a citizens' public meeting called by the Evangelical Council at the Sydney Town-hall on Mouday night provided the largest gathering that has ever been addressed within the walls of that vast auditorium. An hour before the time fixed for the meeting the building was packed in every part, and people were being turned away in hundreds to an over flowing meeting held in the Pitt-street Congregational Church. About 50 per cent, of those in the chairs were ladies, but the spaces under the galleries and the aisles were all crowded by men unable to obtain seats. No political gathering has ever attracted such a great concourse of pdople. They sang hymns to while away the lime till 8 o'clock, when the chairman, the Rev. W. Dill Macky, opened the proceed ings. The people were serious and earnest, enthusiastic, almost fanatical, in their applause of vigorous sentences or telling points, sensible of insult, and strong to resent. " We will arouse the Protestantism of New South Wales," said an early speaker, and he struck the keynote of the meeting and raised an outburst of applause. A circular distributed in the hall by the Evangelical Council, which called the meeting, appealed for support, and slated that it had been determined to enter qu an aggressive policy. There were no great speeches delivered, " though there were many speakers. Yet the most stirring political orations which the leaders of the people have made to big and friendly audiences in the same hall have never roused the same frenzy of enthusiasm. Resolu tions were carried condemning the actfon of the Governor and the Mayor of Sydney for officially attending the . celebration of High Mass at St. Mary's Cathedral, protesting against Arch bishop Redwood's published attack on Protestantism, calling on the Catholic authorities for a retraction, and decid ing to forward copies of the motions to the Governor, the Mayor, and the Secretary of State for the Colonies. The speakers at the Protestant meeting were generally on the defen sive, and perhaps the be3t note was. struck by the Rev. George Lane, who, commenting on the Roman Catholic statement that there were no Protes- ' tants cast in heroic or saintly mould, oalled to memory the conduct of the men who were burnt at the stake at . Smithfield for their faith. Other speakers contrasted Protestant and Catholio morality, and combated Archbishop Redwood's assertions.. One gentlemen, asked how much, sonctity there was in the convent sys tem. Some speakers were not blind to the fact that the utterance cf one prelate did not commit the whole Catholic community, and Dr. Roseby brought this out forcibly. The Arch-! bishop of Sydney was not present, as. he did not sympathise with the protest against the Governor's action, but the. Anglican Church was well represented as was, indeed, every Protestant denomination. The flag was hauled up when one speaker said, " As Prot-. estant citizens we shall see that this- offence will never be repeated," and a. request was made that it would be nailed to the mast, when the audience were asked not to let the influence of the meeting evaporate when they went into the street, but to carry it to their homes and spread it through the land. Mr. Perry, Minister for Public In struction, Mr. Fegan, Minister for Mines, aud Mr. Reid, leader of the Opposition, were on the platform. Mr. Reid in response to imperative calls, delivered a speech at the close of the meeting, in which he referred to the utterances complained of as a vile oalumny, and ranged himself on tlie Protestant side. Mr. Perry also spoke and joined in tne general protest. The passage in Dr. Redwood's published address complained of reads as follows : — " The leaders and founders of Pro testantism, Luther, Calvin, Zwinglius, etc., were notorious for their vices. Among the Greek schismatics the clergy are badly trained for their sacred functions, and live in a state of pitiful abjection and contempt ; they receive little or no consideration or respect from the people, and they neither spread nor fulful the Gospel teaching. Among Protestants the most effectual means of sanctification have disappeared — abstinence, fasting, mortification, confession, communion',. et.c., etc. Both the Greek schism and Protestantism have rather obstructed than promoted true civilisation. The first has brought despotism upon the East, the second covered Europe with blood and ruin in the sixteenth cen tury and has even since been the helper and instrument of the worst foes of Christianity. It desecrated the home, it polluted the nuptial bed, it lowered the dignity of womanhood, it devastated the school, and stopped the progress of science. In fine, neither Protestants nor Greek schismatics have shown that the action of the Holy Ghost is with them." It may also be explained that Dr. Redwood did not deliver the above passage orally in his sermon at St. Mary's. In deference to the Governor and other leading Protestants he left it out, but he allowed the passage to remain in the piinted proofs of the sermon he handed to the reporters, and it was reported in full in the Herald , Catholic Press and Freeman's Journal as if delivered. 