Mostly About Henry Lawson. \----------- (WRITTEN FOR THE "STOCK AND STATION JOURNAL.") IV. Several attempts have been made in Sydney to form clubs on admittedly artistic or literary lines, but none of them have been more than ephemeral successes, and at present the only one in existauce is avowedly a supper club, whose members meet about once a month to entertain some passing celebraty of their own calling. To be a journalist, musician, artist, author or poet is the only qualification for a membership, that includes the editors of our more important daily and weekly papers, and the leading men of the Sydney press, concert hall and studio. The club was initiated some eighteen months ago, and is still healthy and prosperous. One advisedly judicious rule is that no account of its proceedings is ever reported in the press. The Professional Musicians' Society confines its membership to musicians proper, although amateurs and artists are eligible for honorary inclusion. It is, geuerally speaking, homogenous with the two art societies. I don't think Lawson ever belonged to any of these associations unless, perhaps, it was to the Dusk and Dawn Club, which was, or is, the most romantic imagining that ever emanated from a poet's brain. Its name is suggested by Victor J. Daly's book of poems, and Daly is one of the leading spirits — no, not spirits — leading members of this mysterious constellation. Great men of all periods, creeds and countries are eligible for honorary membership. Confucius attends now and then, although since the com mencement of the present Chinese trouble he has frequently sent apolo gies for his absence. I heard they are written in gold ink on red paper, and that Jim China Philp has them translated by the editor of the "Qwong Yik Wah Bo." Plutarch, Shakespeare and Bacon have resigned from the Club. Not that there was any jealousy between these master minds, or that Plutarch ever once twitted the play-wright with cribbing his lives of Caesar or Antony. They frequently witnessed Dampier's Shakesperian revivals in company, with active Dusk and Dawners, and seldom missed Rignold in Henry V. Garrick and Kean and the infant Roscius hovered in the O.P. flies on the night of Rignold's farewell ; Shakespeare and Bacon had invisible seats on the stage ; one Dusk and Dawner had secured admittance to the stalls on an order ; and two or three others were enjoying sixpenny worth of hang over in the upper gallery. That night the argument was keen and eloquent, and in a pause of the debate some one proposed Ignatius Donnelly as an honorary member. The suggestion was carried, and Donnelly arrived instanter, with a first folio in his gripsack and three stenographers in his train, and pro ceeded to interview Bacon and Shakespeare, with a view of proving the authenticity of the cryptogram. Harmony was at an end. The click, click, of the typewriters and the Yankee twang of Ignatius accorded ill with with Plutarch's Boeatian polysyllables, or the sonorous periods of the great Elizabethians ; so they retired in great dudgeon. But Donnelly still haunts the vicinity, and between the Dusk and Dawn his restless shade may be seen by the initiated, lying in wait for the only two egos besides him self who can throw any light on the unsolved problem. The club meets between Dusk and Dawn under a convenient lamp-post at the corner of a suitable street. The above terms imply the proximity of a " Pub," wherein the flesh and blood members may retire for occasional refreshment. Any member, or members, embodied or disembodied, may convene a meeting, or form a quorum. The rules are unwritten, but so simple, that they are never forgotten. The signs and passwords are secret, and secrets are inviolable. Sessions last during the members pleasure and are disolved sine noce, each earthly personage being escorted home between two spiritual brothers, although some times they get so hopelessly intoxi cated on the aroma of the members breath, that it is with difficulty that they are able to stagger to the near est jumping-off place for elysium. I was accidently and unobtrusively present during the latter part of a recent symposium. In the short hours beyond the twelve, with a declining moon sailing ghost-like in a starless sky, and the all-night coffee stall at Darlinghurst a lurid splash of colour in the middle foreground, I was too far away to hear the clatter of tin spoons in delf cups, or to smell the pungenb aroma of the steaming coffee, but near enough to hear an occasional spluttering laugh, or a low sentence pitched a key higher than the usual conversation, and near enough to see the quaint, muffled figures silhouetted against the brilliant interior of the stall. With now and then a flash of light on a rubicund nose, or a gleam on the polished blade of a knife as somebody, wilh a flourish of arm worthy of a more heroic act, plunged it jubilantly into the butter tin. As a back-cloth, was the grey-boned roofs of the city, and down the vista of a shadowy street lay a glimpse of the harbor and the lights of North Shore. Now and then a cab whirled by with a cargo of belated roysterers, whose noisy revels jarred the ear of night, until the clatter of the wheels and the jangle of their laughter died away to a whisper and faded into silence. Presently the group of coffee drinkers surged away from the stall, and, after many and affectionate farewells, separ ated in different directions. One figure, bare-headed, and clad in true "Verlaine" cloak, apostrophised the moon with much declamatory gesture, until suddenly bowing and geneflucting to nothing that I could see, gyrated across the street in my direction, maintaining an earnest, though not loud, conversation with unseen some things on either side of him. There were pauses, when steadying himself on his unstable legs, he seemed to listen to a speaker on his right hand or his left, nodding gravely the while, or with a Burleigh-like shake of the head, implying volumes in a single gesture. As he passed almost at arm's length, I recognised a notorious Dusker, and, from a few scraps of conversation heard in passing, I surmised that he was accompanied by the Blind Bard of Chios, and the defunct editor of a Geelong newspaper. No, I don't think Lawson was ever a Dusker. He did not have enough fancy for a thing like that. Lawson has plenty of imagination — but he has no fancy. Imagination, as I define it, is that quality which seizing upon one salient fact, adds incident to incident until it creates something wholly feasible, reasonable, and in accordance with the recognised laws of nature. A story cannot be caught by a phonograph any easier than a picture can be made with a camera. In both instances the artist is indispensable, Fancy is the quality which enabled Keats to write " Lamia and Hy perion," and taught Shakespeare how to " give to airy nothings a local habita tion and a name." Lawson studies a character, and imagines how it would act in certain situations or be influenced by certain circumstances — puts himself in its place, and moralis ing as " Mitchell," or plotting against society as " Steelman," holds the mirror up to nature with a steady hand. But he never writes anything that is not redolent of sweat and of sin ; of the dust of the track, or the thirst of the dry season. And through it all is the grim comedy of life, which may be seen by any one of us who has the eye to see, the ear to hear, and the heart to feel for the joys and sorrows of our fellow-creatures. Once — in " The Mystery of Dave Regan " ("On the Track ") — he almost got beyond it. I was charmed to find the uncanny element so finely sug gested in the bone-dry horseman on the skittish nag, while all nature was drenched in a recent thunder-shower. " Dave was as dry as a bone, and I knowed that he hadn't got time to get shelter, for there wasn't a shed within twelve miles. . . . . . . . . . . . . and when I come to think of it, his face seemed thinner and whiter than it used to and so did his hands and wrists, which always stuck a long way out of his coat sleeves ; and there was blood on his face . . . . . And then I thought his voice sounded different, too. And, when I enquired next day, there was no one had heard of Dave, and the chaps reckoned I must have been drunk, or seen his ghost. . . . And then the chaps said they were sure Dave was dead." That is fine. Lawson should have stopped there or thereabouts, but no ; his lack of fancy makes him bring on a clumsy explanation of how Dave had hid his clothes in a hollow log while the shower was on, and before he got his " boomerang horse " under control again he "heard of a mob of cattle at a station two hundred miles (?) away." Oh, impotent conclusion ! Tell him, somebody — " Where is fancy bred ! " No, Lawson has no Fancy, and the most of his poetry is merely verse. 