THE CHINESE GAME OF FAN-TAN. ' Canadian Magazine." Over the door of a house boat (at Canton) a large red lamp wa8 suspended, and as we passed underneath it the door opened, for a moment and two men came out, one pale as death, the other talking excitedly. "The glimpse I gut of the inside revealed a large gilded saloon with a table in the centre, round which was a crowd of men. As the door swung to, Ting whispered in my ear, "Fan-tan." X realised in a moment the meaning of the white face, and what had happened to the two men who had just staggered out from the hell. It was the old story; the curse of gold and the folly of man. Nevertheless I had a great longing to see thi3 notorious Chinese game, to behold the emotions of the un emotional Chow. To Mr Ting I put it, and he was about to protest in the fatherly style of the Mission, when a little way up the canal I heard a sudden splash. 11 "What's that, Ting ? "—"Nothiog." said he. '* But that splash r "—44 You *ee piecee man corno out—allee same white face." 44 Yes."—44 He dlown himself." I started forward, but Ting seized me by the arm. "Ko good. He no can be eared. Loosce all, makee die. What for can liver All takee same loud one day." This cold-blooded pessimism, so unlike what I felt sure my godfather had instilled, made me shudder. 44 Why. Ting," said I, 44 you're a brute " ; —44Noblute, only you no sabbce. China- i man, he no 'fluid to die like Cblistian man.; He loosee ali, he inakee go. Pelhaps China- I man's joss aabbee. Look, him fiend watcbee j dloun." It was true enough. There, on the edge of the canal, seen but indistinctly, was the figure of a mau, apparently m the act of watching intently. From the open doors came the sound of voice* and the low tink ling of guitars. No one had heard the splash, or if he had, he bad paid no heed to it. What ] was a suicide more or less f At the same time eomo revellers debouched I from a house-boat some few doors higher up, and amid much laughter and noisy .cackle I came towards us. Ting drew me back into the shadow, whispering,44 You Ukce see Fan- I tan ? "—4 4 Rather.'' 44 All li. Wait." The meu advanced to the door, agaiust | which the foremost knocked softly in peculiar fashion. A second or so elapsed, and then a shaft of light streamed out into the darkness, and as the men crowded rouud the door, Ting seized me by the hand and led me forward, and we pushed our way in with the others. At first my appearance did not attract anj* attention, all the players being deeply engrossed in the game, and this gave me an opportunity to inspect iny surroundings. It was a spacious saloon, wide and high, with | much elaborate gilding and carving; innu merable lights twinkled behind quaint lamps ] of many colors; embroidered silk hangings shielded little alcoves. Upou the walls, in gilded characters of the were I the wise and moral precepts of the great Confucius; for you Chinese gambler, like his brother of the West, is not without the I redeeming virtue of hypocrisy. Round the bible in the centre of the saloon j some thirty or forty Chinamen were crowded, at the head of which eat an impassive Chow with a pile of bright cash before him, and a long stick in his hand. This was the man I who counted. A little to the right of him sat another impassive yellow face. This was the banker. It was he who paid and received. Fau-tan, like most great gambling games, I is simplicity itself. A fquare sheet of lead is I placed in the middle of the table, the sides of | which are cunioered from one to four. It is on one of these four numbers that you stake j your money, or you may put your stake on I the comers and thus take your chance of | two numbers, though then your winnings materially decrease. Then the mau whoso | business it is to count takes a handful of | cash from the big, glittering pile before him, ! and with bis long stick draws away four of l the coins at a time; and whatever remains, be it one, two, three, or four, that is the | winning number. Gradually it became known that a foreign devil was in the place, and the men turned round to look at me, some angrily, a* thousrh they thought my presence an impertinence; but the others for the most part surveyed me with a lookrof sullen indifference I bowed and smiled, and told Ting to tell them that I j hoped I was not intruding, but as I had a j few dollars to lose I wanted to try my luck. Whether this mollified them or not I can't esy, but as I made for the table they opened out at mj advnnee ; and as I staked my first five dollars on No. 3 they watched me with the greatest of interest. Then one put his money on the same number, tben another, until almost everybody, with that belief in j omens and superstitions which is the religion ' of the gambler, was on No. 3. I felt that it I was an awkward moment for me, for to a certain extent the warmth of my welcome depended upou No. 3 turning up. I there- 1 fore watched the slow diminishing pile of cash with an eugerus-s which was not at all In keeping with my stake. Even the banker's impassive face expressed a momen- f tary twitch of interest. Then, before the winning number was known, I saw the J ghost of a smile flickering somewhere round bis eyes, and I knew that No. 3 had not won. ! Indeed, as the little heap slowly dissolved, it I wa< seen that two was the winning number. The players granted with disgust, but it I was evident that I was a had fung- skui to them, and they left me severely alone. Ting kept close to me, bat I noticed that as the play progressed his lips grew white with excitement, aud he tremhled violently ; and, thoughtlessly, I gave hiiu a couple of dollars to play with. Then the real Chinaman came out. His eyes sparkled, the lantern jn flushed a deep dark red ; he could not speak, | for the madness of the game had seized him. I was sorry afterwards, for at that moment I : realised that I had lent htm the wherewithal j to travel the old heathen tray. But meanwhile I played on with varying fortune, for the spirit of the game had entered I my blood, and I thought neither of the time nor of my surroundings. I smoked and drank tea to excess, uutillbegan to feel quite dazed; aud still the awful game held me fast, and I lost and won and won aud lost, now plunging somewhat recklessly, and now puuting in the mildest manner possible. By dcirveci the room cleared, uutil only some hulf-doaen reckless gainblsrs remained. Then I stopped for a time to reckon up the cost of the night's work, and I found that I lost about 150 dollars. 