CIGARETTE PAPERS. UV J OS El» ll HATTON". TlllO SIMA HÍASON. Last wi-ck, in ii moro or loss ronlrovc: Mal I'lood. wt- were sundering ahmt! Kloei Mi't'i-t «nd tlic Temple. It was tho ghoi of Oliver Goldsmith thill drew us to thu c hii-.ii' ruiner nortli of Triiiph' l.'huirh, th Merill of iiiuii.v il Inver of " The Deserte Village" in every part of the world. Ont vim have your foot, or your pen. in au (punter of Loudon that is peopled wit hist urie ghosts il is hard lo withdraw th one or Hie other. 1 mn roust rained t linger within the precincts of the Tempil Moreover, this time of year is what the; ??all " the silly season." IKVUUSO inore in tei i'iting mid entertaining url irles appen in the press between .August anil Christ mus than at any other time. In the oh iirivspiipiT days, before rabie despatches ami printing hy electricity, and war cor respondents, Parliament having adjourned the newspaper reporter, mostly spoken o us " a penny-a-liner," lind lo invent things or i|U<ite ancient literature, or disrovei Ihr sra serpent or showers of frogs : but Ihr dillíetilty of thc editor fo-dny is to lind loom for thc really important mattet thal Hows in upon the editorial looms, by telegraph, by post, by messenger, and by the elritiie tape at his elbow, the uiotio tiiiiniis talk of which-lirk. liri;. geroo fines nu from morning till night. Still, we air siirh a ronservntive people that we riHitiiiue to rall the autumn vacation " the silly season," which it is not by any means. .Vol Ihnl 1 nm going to .try mid justify the contrary. My idea is only to make ihr notion an excuse fm* being more dis I'lii'sivr and " outside of news" than usual, ami lo go on rhatting about the Temple lind thereabouts. What II change will rome over the Temple Gardens, that run down to (hr I'liiliiuikiiirnl, .sonic day ! The li ne st site in Ku rope for rafes, restaurants, pro- menades. «nd semi- open-iiir ronii-ils. the Kinliaiikment in the next century «ill lie Hie envy of even Paris. There will be plea- sure pavilions on the river, mid bathing houses. Ihr other side of the Thames rm lmukeil like the Strand.. Hut why lift thc veil on the future ? lt is forbidden, and it will not tickle our vanity if we predict, aright, seeing that we. shall be like .lohn Hrown. whose body is laid in thc grave t bongil his soul goes mnri'liiug on. 