Our LithMow Letter. On last Sunday evening a large number of ladies met in the Convent schoolroom on Sister Ignatius' invitation to consider the best means of raising money to pay off the lecent repairs on tho Convent, which came to £50. The good ladies arranged to hold a social evening for the purpose on Monday, June 4, in the Oddfellows' Hall. The proceedings are to consist of an excellent concert, at which the best metropolitan and local talent will assist, followed by most inviting and substantial refreshments and a dance. A strong committee has been mnde up to carry this affair to a successful istue, of which the following are the principal : Mepdnmes Lbneragan, Sharpe, M'Namara, Hughes, Ryan, aud Misses Walshe, Bradley, Noon, Fitzpatrick, M'Dermott — with such a committee success is an assured fact. On last Saturday a large number of ladies in Lithgow and the surrounding district busied themselves in collecting for our local hospital and with great success : and on Sunday evening a procession of all the United Friendly Societies, headed by tho town band, marched through the principal streets of Lithgow to the Oddfellows' Hall, where they wei'o treated to band music and speeches, intermixed with choir choruses and a plate collection. Tho affair was financially and otherwise a great suooess. Messrs. James and OooU were spokesmen on the occasion, and the combined choirs and Mr. Jones sang. It is expected that this voar's collection for the hospital will at least net £100. For some weeks, during tho small hours of the night, a ghost is reported to have been seen, on the testimony of vory many eye- witnesses, in the dark, spending its nights in flying about from near a public house in Lithgow West to Albert-street, still further west. Its base of operations is clearly near a pub, and its advanoed retreat undor a kopje overhanging Albert-street. It was first seen by a number of mon coming from work at the iron industry and afterwards seen at different tinieB by many others; but it does not seem to.havo appeared to the police thus far, who spent Borne nights on watch. Somo of the witnesses say it is liko a slender man of some seven foot ; others say it is liko a tall lody ; and others again say it is like noithor, but rathor ro Bombling a quadrupod belonging to a oertain gout, in Lithgow. Whatever it is, or what over it may turn out to bo, I am not in a position to say ; or whether it be a Boerite or anti-Boerlte, still less do I know. Many nooturnalista havo loaded revolvers pre pared for his worship, who may respond with tho Mauser and make his assailantB reoross the ' Tugola.' Tho Onrrington Hall, Wallerawang, whioh for years has beon the scone of many a poor speech and still poorer song, oaino to a sad and disastrous end by fire last week, tho ar.teoodants of whioh cannot bo found out — wliothor from above or below — possibly Lithgow's othoreal ghost may have traversed Wang with ovil intent. Tho Rev. Father Why to is oxpooted to examine) our looal oonvont sohool this wook, probably on Thursday. There aro some oases of typhoid fevor still in this district, but it seoniH to bo. les soning, Portland is soon oxpeotod to attract aomo attention in getting up a spooial sooial evening in aid of tho presbytery debt. Port land, though small in population, is vory resourceful. Tho interest in war affairs has fallen off a good doal, and anti- Boeriem is loss pro nounood than it wns somo months ago. All truo Bt'ltishors hero havo boon for tho past oouplo of months anxiously awaiting the ' hnminont advanoo' of Lord Roborts. 