OUT OF THE BEATEN TRACK. : [Alt, Rights Kkskuvkd,] ' Jem, I Bay— Jem, old man, rouso up.' Tho speaker, u. wall-knit, broad- shouldered | young follow, bent anxiously over tho pros- 1 ?trnto form before him. 'I believe the. rascals havo pretty nearly finished him up,' he muttered, as he peored I iuto the whito faco and fitrovo in tho fast- I gathering twilight to discover tho extent of tho damage that had been done to- his friend, Jem Aahton. They were on a walking tour through tho South Western MighlandH of Scotland, and Bcorning to keep to the beaten track had been net upon, after a long day's tramp, by two men, relieved of theip knap sacks and tho contents of their pockets, and left to their fate in this wild, little fre quented glen, exposed to the full fury of an ' oncoming storm. A well aimed blow hud v quickly stretched ' Lanky Jew,' as his ' friouds called him, senseless on tho ground, leaving his moro stalwart companion, Hul Chester, to deal single-handed with their adversaries. Thero was a desperate tusslo before he was worsted, to which a black eye and tho torn and dirty condition of Ilia clothes bore eloquent witness: but tho odds were too strong against hiin, tho men made off with their booty, and Hal was left in a bruised and battered condition beaide his fellow-victim. Ho fetched water in his cap from tho mountain torrent hard by, and, to his intense relief, Join preseutly gave vent to a languid: 44 Stop that; you're drowning rao.' Then ho sat up and looked about him in a dazed sort of fashion, till his eyes rested on Hal's face, when he went olf into a hearty guffaw, which relieved tho other's mind from any further anxiety— no half-dead man could laugh like that. ?' I 'xpect they have spoilt my beauty for mo pro tern.,' he said, good-humouredly, as ho helped «lem to his feel. ' If you feel equal to walking, old chap, wo had belter bo J pushing oq, for I don't altogether fancy a night's lodging on tho cold ground in this plight/' 44 Oh, yes; I'm lit enough. But those ras cals have mado a clean sweep of it, and no mistake. They haven't even Joft mo my *baccy. Havo you auy notion whereabouts wo are?'' t 44 Not the slightest. It's about as deso late a spot as one could well lind, that's all I know; but aa wo have not passed a siuglu cottage since we turned off the road,tho most sensible plan will be to go ahead until we can find Bhelter of some sort. Whew! how stinging cold it is,' as a blast of wind came surging down tho narrow pass, driving the I rain and sleet full in their faces. They ' struggled on, Hal beguiling ths time with a' vivid description of his vain atlcmpt to do- ' fend their property. It was hard work picking their way amongst the rough stones 1 and bits t-f rock, in the teeth of tho gale; and when the glen widened, and tfiey found ' themselves once more in the open country, it was not much better, exposed as they were to tho full fury of tho wind. It was quite ' dark 'by now. Between Iho showers the moon peeped forth at intervals from the denso masses of swiftly-drifting clouds; but it waB not a moon worthy of the name, looking out reluctantly from its cloudy shield, and shed ding little or no light on the surrounding landscape. Jem Ashton pulled up short with a spasmodic gasp. 44 I can't hold out much longer, Hal. The crack t hat fellow gave me inust have damaged my head moro than I thought. There seems to bo a building of some sort over thero to the left. If you don't mind stopping a bit, 1*11 just get my wind before we go further.' A shadowy gleam of moonlight shewed Hal what seemed to be like a roughly built chapel some yards ahead. Putting his arm through Jem's, ho half led, half dragged him to the building, and left him leaning against a broken down gate, whilst ho felt his way round in search of a spot that might per chance afford them some slight shelter from the biting wind. Presently he camo to a door, and feeling cautiously along, found, to his joy, that it was ajar. 'Jem,' he called, as. he nude his way back to his companion, *' it's no good trying to push on further to-night. By good luck somebody has been careless over the fasten ing of this door, and it has blosvn open. Let's take rofuge till daylight, at all events.' The other willingly agreeing, they groped their way in, and wearied out with battling againBt the elements, dropped exhausted ou tho nearest bench. ' We must get on with tho tirst gleam of daylight,' Jem panted, 44 or wo shall pay for this rest with a aharp touch 'of rheumatic fever.' 44 Right you are, We will make a move aa . soon aa you have a leg to stand on. If only those rascally bejrgara had loft our flasks, there, would havo been a chanco of getting some warmth into one; but, us it is, ono can only long for tho unattainable.' Wondor if there is a cottage anywhere near.' 44 Bound to come to some before long. This seems to be a chapel, from what I could seo from the outside. It would be no good a parson prcaching unless he had a flock to listen to him; and (locks must have some kind of a shunty over their heads.' ' They go awful long distances sometimes to their precious kirks, though.' 44 You're a nice Job's comforter.' Then silence fell upon them as they sat huddled togethor for warmth in a corner of the bench. The wind had dropped, but the rain still beat pitilessly against tho windows, making them thaukful for oven the sorry comfort of the dismal chapel and hard bench. At length Jem said: 11 Do you hear a peculiar sound V' 41 Yes, rain.' camo ' the sleepy answer. Another long silence. Then' Jem 'spoke ? again. . : ' It's not rain. Thero Is another noise, quito distinct: a sort of soft pattering.' 44 Hats, mice,' was tho laconic-reply. ' And a kind of moaning sound,' persisted Join, straining forward to listen more in tently. 44 Why, man alive, you're not afraid of ghosts, surely!' aud, raising his voice. Hal called in a mocking lone : 44 Pray, don't be agitated on our account, yo unquiet spirits of the departed. We shall be thaukful if you will deign to visit us, and help wile away the weary hours.' .A rustling sound followed this spcech. 44 Hal, you haven't a match anywhere about you, 1 suppose ?' faltered Jem. 44 My good fellow, our wot thy friends of tho glen have left me absolutely nothing but a half-sovereign which had kindly lodged it self iii tho liniug of my pocket, and so es caped their notice. ' As ho spoko something brushed past theui. Jem touched his arm convulsively. t 41 Didn't you feol a touch ?' ho whispered. ' Can't say I did; but very likely you felt a bat.' 'Bats don't walk upright. 1 felt some thing tread on my foot and touch my elbow as it luirried past.' . Hal began to seriously speculate as to whether the knock ou the head had upset his friend's equilibrium. ' All fancy,' he said, soothingly.? 44 You [ I aro faint for food and just about dead beat. You wait here till I mako my way to the nearest cottage, get some food, and bring it back to you. I really think it will be the best plan. You aro not lit to walk another yard as you arc, and we shall both catch our deaths of cold if we wait iu this wretched hole' til I dawn.' Jem felt ashamed to own that ho strongly objected to keeping a lonely vigil in such a place, and had just agreed to the plan, when onco more tho mysterious moaning was heard, and a wan ray of moonlight, shining thiough the window opposite, mado a slowly widening patch of dim, misty light. AcrosB this patch a shadowy form was seen to Hit, followed by another and another. Then the moon was overshadowed, and all was shrouded in darkness. But Jem had seen onough. ' I can't stop here. It's —uncanny,' he groaned, hurrying his companion to the door, which ho banged behind hitu with a clang that would have aroused tho Seven Sleepers themselves. ' Poor chap, that blow must certainly have upset, him. I always did say he out' grew his strength, and could not stand inuch,' thought Hal compassionately; for he had been stooping to fasten his boot when tho moon shone forth for that moment, so had not observed tho vision which had been tho climax to his friend's ideas of unearthly visitants. 14 Feel better aftor the rest ?' ho remarked cheerily, as thoy trudged along. 44 Host! In that placo? I have always laughed at the bare idea of spirits ? ' 44 You take pretty kindly to the Scotch man's beverage,' put in Hal drily. 44 Oh ! shut up, you know what I mean. But after to-night's experience I'll — .' He paussd. 44 Well ?' 44 I'll be hangcl if I know what to think.' 44 Pshaw ! You're as nervous as a school, girl. If you had seen anything, now, it would have been different; but to get in a blue funk because au owl screeches and racs scamper about, it's ? ' 41 But I did see something.' 14 Oh! .he's going off it!' thought Hal. 41 By all tho powers, that's surely a lantern I see moving in the distance,' he said aloud. *4 Hullo there !' 44 Hullo !' came an answering Bhout, and the light moved quickly towards them. It proved to bo a man who had been putting up his horse after a late jaunt to the nearest town, and on hearing of their plight he will ingly consented to pilot theui to an inn a little further down the road. The next morning Hal was greatly delighted to find his companion suffering from nothing worse f han a bad cold. ' 44 I say, old fellow, I havo found out all , about your ghosts,' ho cxcluiincd later on in the day, spreading his numbed hands to tiie fire, beside which he had persuaded Jem to remain. 44 i went to havo a look at that chapel just now, and when tho man who took me opened the door we found some deer trotting about. Thoy had evidently taken refuge from the storin last night ; you shut them in, and there thoy were waiting to get out, poor beasts.' 