jlHB|j,fol|owi ngtcl ippin g ifrom ibe 'iA&Tri; .1 Sfh, wjjl] ,te^%8aa;.,3With' ihteMBt;^\'StiUi in -tliesej coIa^;:(|^rp , ^ayfl(:^ ,fe9JOllrhi^^. in yJ&ese; ] nor'lifidJ;:par!8; ie-, the , Hon. Andrew] Heron ;, Wilson.jiM.Tj.C., of Queensland, a .native, Vol-. ;tbe. Auld Toun,\to which he ] .retunu jqipre .or-lesa; periodically.; : fiasfc KporS .of.'.hia jpanderinga in , Now Zealand and elsewhere inAustralasia ; .now wo have before jib bis booMeibearing the substantial ?title d! ' From Queensland toEngland via China, Japan, Canada^ and, the ' United States.'. -. Mr. Wilson is a wanderer familiar to ,thb wandering habit. . He haa seen agood bit of the worid— indeed. he is not long hither from a oircuitous tour on the Con tinent of Europe— and he writes with point and force. He goes about with his eyes ' open, and he has the knack of putting into a ' few- words a very effective pen ami ink; sketch ot a street scene or of a waterfall or \ mo UDtain. range. The sanitary arrange-. ments of Canton, for example, ho describes as ;'a mystery,' and one-can. imagine what they are like when be suggests that '.when rain comes the water running down the streets -does the scavenging.' This too is a city.of smells, and poverty and weilth, and bustle and an endless babble of noises! Then'there are the butchers' shops with their ' strings of dressed rats, and live ones in cages for sale ; puppy dogs dressed, some cooked, not unlike sucking pigs ; and cats, some thing like skinned rabbits.' Mr. Wilson is not slow to notioe the smartness of the Japs, but he thinks that Heilan' pride and hunger aron't in it compared to theirs ; the music with whose strains they torture the patient j heavens is worse than that of the worst German band on record; their singing is unmusical, 'their dancing crude and unlovely, their wooden gods 'all much of a much ness,' and their law has been specially con strccted by a thoughtful Legislature so that the Jap must win against the foreigner. He regards the Chinaman as ' cuter' than the Jap, and thinks that 'once China is under better and moro progressive govern ment the Japanese wont have a ghost of a snow against tbe titnnese. The further east, Mr. Wilson exchanges for the far west, for the glories and grandeur of the Selkirk# and Niagara and for the prosaic pig-sticking wholesale of Chicago, and wtfen he had toured about in the States till he had enough of it he oame back to the old country. We should add that Mr. Wilson's book has been issued for private circulation only. It is none the worse at that, however, except that the public cannot get at it. Throughout it is exceedingly racy and bsars traces on every page that the traveller has seen with accustomed eyes, and has summarised his impressions with sound judgmont.' The first monthly meeting of the newly constituted United Municipality Board of Maryborough and Granville was held in the Mayor's room at noon yesterday. Present — Aldermen J. Norman, W. H. Williams, V. H. Oelrichs (Council representatives), and Messrs. I. Bushnell, A. Oertel, and A. M. Bryant (Granville ' Board representatives). The retiring President (Mr. I. Busbnell) explained that the first business was the election of President for tho ensuing year. They took it in turns, and as Granville had held the chair last year, he moved that Boardsman Norman be President for the ensuing year. Mr. Bryant seconded the motion, which was carried. The newly elected President took the chair. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. Correspondence included letters from the Council, and Granville Board, notifying the appointment of repre sentatives. Messrs Bushnejl and Oelrichs were elected as the Works Committee, and the President and Mr. Bryant, the Finance Committee. The salary of the Clerk (Mr. H. P. Parker) was fixed at £26 per year, the same as last year. Accounts amounting to £5 15s were passed for payment. The Clerk, in reply to a question, said the lessee intended slipping the punt immediately after Easter. Mr. Bushnell enumerated several repairs that would require to be done to the punt. The gravel portion of the Granville ~ approach was nDRtincr n. lot of mnnev tn maintain, and he suggested more of the approach being done with stone, as what bad been done had proved a success, and was permanent. After a short discussion, it was agreed that the necessary repairs to the approach and punt should be carried out by the Works Committee. Mr. Bushnell mentioned that the lessee had complained to him about large steamers going up the river giving him no warning and carrying away his wire. After discussion the matter was left to Mr. Williams to interview the Harbour Master and the Shipping Companies. This concluded the business. Staff-Officer Lieutenant-Colonel Smith will arrive in Maryborough to-day for the purpose of inspecting and passing into the ranks the squad of recruits who have been drilling for some time past. He will also inspect the rifle range at Gran ville. to which recent additions and alterations have been made by Sergeant Strandquist. One effect of the alterations and improvements is that it will facilitate snooung. xoe umi« muuuus uuve ubbu widened, and the mantles pulled down and re-erected. At the shorter ranges canvas targets take the place of the iron ones, the latter having been done away with, conse quent on the iBsnc of the now Martini Enfield rifles. The new targets have been erected to enable two squads to shoot at different targets at the same range, thus greatly facilitating shooting operations. The stop-butt consists of a mound of earth nine feet high, and has been erected at the rear of the targets to receive the bullets that pass through the canvas. The range wants fencing in very badly to prevent oattle straying across, and if this were done the range would be one of the finest in the colony. Pending on the range being finally passed, there will be no shooting at the Butts this afternoon. The Lieutenant Colonel goes to Bundaberg on Monday and Childers on'Tuesday. There is every probability of a heavy demand for cattle being experienced within the next few months, and already buyers are feeling the market. We have heard of two offers having been made to a squatter in the Wide Bay district, the price offered verging on £6 per .head, delivery in J uly and August. The offer is for a line of over a thousand head, with cash on station. Thb suspended work on the Reserve in connection with the extensive improve ments at the Maryborough Railway Station was resumed yesterday, and it is to be hoped that no further cessation will take place. ? | 