DEAN GOLDSMITH IN REPLY. At last Sunday eveniags's ser- vice in St. George's Cathedral, Dean Goldsmith, »reached from the test. "Let a man so account of us as of the ministers jtf Christ and stew- ards of the mysteries of God," 1 Cor., iv., i. In the course of his remarks, he said that ministers, in declaring the : . I whole counsel of God, had very often to enforce duties which were unpopular I and disliked. People did not want torie I told of these duties, such as self denial and repentance, yet, if .he was ! faithful, the minister must remand them of them.: Then, again, he had to_coiinuer . prejudice arising" from various 'causes,; sometimes - environment, sometimes tem-! .perament, ¿nd. sometimes narrowness:"oî .r vision, which'led men "who. were perfect iy honest themselves to find great diffi culty. sometimes in believing that those y from whom they differèd were as honest. : as they were themselves. They ^had ^ad ah instance of that,rind he : deeply ; , ro erefcied to ¿ave to ¿all attention io itj v. S. «ne of fcbè.neJrt®apers during the^piisi weelii'- iAfter spealring'of certain thin© \\-} :'^'-^l^~«1i^^;^>wr# no -^tad^&slik.; I to say against«¿nose who uonastly.? -be*,:1-;< HereinMiaa",'¡Tt was very:hard^heç;;1^ one was peaking wha'tf«ne :aibtt- lMM0teg<; believed from the depths', of ¡¿he's hearty -to-".te -.-true. " ? andv;.what;,àUe,>^îfc* charged by XJod^Sbove -% t9'i:f^/»g^ dishonesty. It -was the cruelle charge that could be brought again one who had a public duty to perfora Let them look how the prejudice a] peared. In the newspaper there appea ed the heading "Illegal Practices i Perth Churches." It was clearly preji dice to call it illegal before any opporti nity was afforded of hearing what tl Bishon had to say about it, or whi the Church taught about it. There wi another difficulty that a Christian mil ister had in declaring the whole couns< of God, and that was to repair past war of instruction. In some cases charge were made against those who had t teach the word of God, b those who scarcely . ever loo! ed at some parts of their prayei books and Bibles. There were some part of the Church service which some mem hers of the Church would hardly knoi where to find. For example, in the ai tide he had referred to, he thought th words _ used were that'is was "nonsense1 supposing there was any particular ol servance about Friday. He referrer them to the prayer-book. Just afte the calendar there was a list headei '3>ays of Fasting or Abstinence." Bo fa from that being anything obsolete, then was an instruction immediataerj after the Creed in the . Hoi; Communion service : - "The curat« shall declare unto the-peopli what holy days or fasting' days are, ii the week following, to ne observed.' He-took himself to task for it, anc others were the same, that they had ucl 'always declared those fasting; days ai they ought to have done. Again, manj ^honest seekers after truth \ had ofter "'.'serious spiritual perplexities, which ! arose from all sorts or causes, mainly th« ? difliculty. "amid the Babel of teachers, of detecting thevoice of the living Christ. Lastly, there was the misunderstanding .Which arose from an inexact use of words or terns, such as conversion, re . -generation, absolution, etc., and it Often happened that when people were '/arguing one was using a term in one sensé and the ether in a different sense, and so there followed misunderstand- ing. Several matters were mentioned in that recent communication in one of their city newspapers. As to those the Bishop had been stood enough to reply that some things objected to^were per- fectly legal and innocent, and that with regard to others the anonymous writer ^ md been altogether misinformed. The 'Bishop had spoken plainly with regard to the very important matter of confession, which ffias the crown of it all. In a note > to a secular newspaper, which, was neces ; sárUy brief, the Bishop said, "No one ^:caU. prevent people going to confession :f'|f5|hey wish; and if they d'o so wish and ge^to a clergyman, he is bound to exer- cise his office." He would deal with the subject more in détail : not in his own words,- but in the "words of the prayer and the Bible, and show what was the ' ,teaching of theX3h.urcu about that prac- tice- The general principle was stated / in the well-known words, "God hath given power and commandment to his ministers to declare and-pronounce to his people, being penitent, the absolution and remission of their sins ;He pardoneth and absolveth all them that truly repent and unfeignedly believe His holy Gos- pel."- Three principles were to be gath . aned from that (I) it was God and God alone who pardoned sins : He "pardon- eth" were the words used. (2) Goo gave ¡ not only power, but commandment, to His ministers to pronounce that pardon. It Was their duty, from which they could ; not, escape. (8) That pardon was only available to the sinner .if he was repent- ant. With regard to penitence, which was the important thing, one essential element was a confession. That raised the question of . what is con- cession? If they confessed their . sins they might ( do so in three ways-ril) Publicly before the Church; (2), privately alone with God; (3) pri- vately, but in the presence of God's minister, . They must confess in one or lother cf those ways. In the earliest times of the ChurcnVhistory it was cus- tomary, to require, in grosser cases of sin a public but explicit confession cf sin before the congregation ; a time of . repentance was appointed, and after- wards absolution was .given. That Was sf pond to work badly for the congréga- tion, and so the minister became its re- presentative to hear the confession, not with tile idea of making it easier for the . sinner, but for the sake of the congrega- tion^ He hoped that none, as far as ne was concerned, would think that he was ... always engaged in impressing upon people that the confession of sins Was the only duty in the world. It was only one. They had- to maintain the proportion of faith, but sin was . the cause cf all the sorrow and pain and death in the world. It was to be found everywhere, and it was no wonder, there- fore, that the writer of the Epistle to the JEtebrews said that repentance was one of the Ghief "principles of the doctrine of Christ." one of the foundation principles of the Christian faith. Au important duty of every faithful member of the Church Was regular communion, and for that careful preparation was "most neces- sary <1 Cor. xi, 27, 28). The Prayer- book reiterated that counsel, and went into it with greater detail. It said; "The way and means thereto is first to examine your Jife and conversation by the. rule of God's commandments, and whereinsoever ye shall, perceive _your : pelves .to Tiave offended, «ither by will, v.ffto0L or deed, there to bewail your own ï sinfulness-; and to confess yourself to ^Almifthty God; with full .purpose of 'iomisudnientSof &f;é>nU^ên^rnruter,on, these words occurred : -r'ïf there beany : of you who, by this means,"cannot /quiet ova,conscience therein, but? reunir-' ><etn\f urtber comfort Of counsel, 4et"3bim : leoine ; to tké\ «r ¡¡pm» other discreet and ? ^learned ajlnièt^^fBoïswordjaUd b¥ení ¿ his gri^, jthat by t^ , holy^drd hl,'Äy;refcii«e%tiie benenSicír Yi:ise1 ¿md- advice tc t^ quieting pf MSCOUTI £isèîëncè,; and:, avoiding of all'wuple* ^SaulAfúIiiésif 'anxjâeanâaAa^^^ÏB; .;. !#îd*h h£ hso^ pl^^p^h^^^M^tíl^ d«get.-ib|l receiving the Holy Communion unwor- thily without due preparation. It was sometimes thought that ; that special clause could only refer to some unusual and terrible sin. There was ! no doubt that it did refer to something : more than the common ignor- j anees and negligences and short- comings of the Christian, but ?they had to remember the words put into the mouth of every communi- cant, " We acknowledge and be- rcail our manifold sins and wic- kedness, which we have from time to time committed by thought, word, and deed. The remembrance of them is grievous to us, the burden of them is in- tolerable." These words are most em- phatic, and showed the necessity of try- ing to realise the high standard set up by Christ, "Be ye perfect," "Love the Lord with all your heart, and your neighbour as yourself," and how far wc fall short. Further on in the prayer- book, in the part referring to the visi- tation of the sick, they found the fol- lowing;-"Here shall the sick person be moved to make a special confession of his sins, is he feels his conscience trou- bled with any weighty matter. After which confession, the priest shall ab- solve him, if he humbly and heartily de- sire it." They-should mark that the sick person was to be moved, incited to confess, if he felt his conscience trou- bled, etc. Those were the words of the prayer-book. They might like those words; or they might not, but no one could say that the minister was dishon- est who used the words he found in the praver-book, and tried to carry out the principle. The frequency or rarity of confession must be loft, first of all, to the needs of the sinner, and, secondly, to the discretion bf the sinner, and the minister to whom he spoke. He did not say that everyone required it, or that many people require it often, but each ease must be judged by itself. Indivi- dually they were to be judged by God, and individually God must deal with all in the world. Before now the admission of a sinner to confession had not only com- pleted his repentance, hut saved him from degredation, despair, and suicide ? and he had seen the. fruits of ii in after life of peace, happiness, and holiness. After all, it is only an analogy with the work of the doctor or the lawyer. The minister no more intervened between God and the sinner than the doctor be- tween God and the patient, when he or- dered the remedy, which he had been taught to prescribe. The minister of the Church did not grant pardon of sins. He was simply the instrument in thc hands of God It was God alone who pardoned sin. The absolution was ministerial, like holy baptism. It was not in the name of the minister, but in the name of "the Father. Son, and Holy Ghost." The authority was distinct in such passages as St. Matthew ix,, 2-ß inclusive; St. John xx., 21-23 ; 2 Corin- thians ii., 10, and the words of the ordination service carried on the commis- sion, "Receive the Holy Ghost, for the office and jjork of a driest in the Church of God, now committed to Thee by the imposition of our hands. Whose sins thou dost forgive, they are forgiven ; and whose sins thou dost retain, thev are retained." Again,- the act of for- giving sins was ministerial. It was con- ditional upon repentance, and, apart from that, it did not exist at all. They had heard of the abuse of this thing, but the abuse did not do away with the use, and whilst they heard of one instance ; of abuse, there were thousands of cases of souls relieved from a £reat burden, of j whiah they heard nothing at all. Be I cause in another part of the I church it was made compulsory whilst lt was not so with themselves . bRcanne it" was used sometimes only formally, would they therefore refuse liberty to use what was clearly written in the prayerbook and intended for those who were repentant and needed it. It was forced upon no one. Everyone might U6e it or leave it alone. It was there for those who needed it. They should treat the matter seriously, and not flippantly as a matter for discussion in a secular newspaper. Things miçht be good and right even if we individually were out of sympathy with them, and none of us was infallible. He would read to them the words of the Rev. G. H. C. Moule (to show his words were not a "party" utter ance.He was a prominent low churchman, or he preferred, a prominent evangelical churchman, who wrote in the "Outlines of Christian Doctrine" as follows : -'The Christian pastor, as the commissioned minister of the Word has an important absolving function,-the proof of this lies in the pastoral commission generally. So far as pastoral absolution refers to the outward order of the Church the presby- ter must, in a great degree, be the re- sponsible guardian of order and ordin- ances with the entrusted function of ad- mission and exclusion to be constitution- ally used. And so far as it refers to the inward sphere, to the divine mardon, the pastor, as the commissioned messenger, watchman, and steward, will not only, as every Christian man and woman may and should point the burthened soul to tho revealed secret of peace in the Word of God. but will announce the certainty of pardon to the true penitent with inst that authority which belongs to his divinely instituted office. His ab- solution, in this sense, is no more' pro- phetic, as regards insight into the in- dividual than the private Christian's is. But he is the representative of that sac- red monumental ordinance, the ministry. founded hy Christ himself/ and that fact though it cannot make divine truth truer, in itself, can and should, and (in proportion to the man's spiritual : corre- spondence to hiB office) will make it speci- ally certain to the penitent,"specially tangible to faith." These words exactly expressed/whflt be believed to be tho j teaching of tho prayerbook and the Bible i úpóni?tnatv In thej namerof the^oving Father, in -the name < of 4be Crucified Sou, in ' the name of the Sanctifying Spirit, -jFor the sake7 cf -Ifce sinner |ü ps, wretohedness, he implored .^|^^b%si]na;^ââid' .«wbject.-«U'4iha i 'aMjgïiiot?^ á¡óA¿. which might bind the sinner's barden for ever on his back, and close the door of hone, which Christ and His church had left open. They might not need it them- selves, but he besought them not to stand in the way of those who did. If they were themselves without sin, or thought they were so, they should have pity on those whose hearts were crushed with an intolerable load, for whom Jesus died on the Cross, and whom they would one day meet face to face before the Judgment Seat of that same Jesus Christ, 