'The Spectator' About Town. The Spectator has lately been inundated with letters from musical critics. This is the strain of them:-- Sir—The Adelaide Orpheus Society says it exists 'for the practice and performance of good music, and its chief object is the cultivation of the musical taste of Adelaideans. It may be said that this is a large undertaking.' My word! The Society has chosen a long row to hoe. It may not be a self-evident saw that ' who drives fat oxen must himself be fat' but it is generally allowed that anyone who professes to educate others and improve their taste should exhibit a certain amount of education and artistic taste. The taste of Adelaideans may not be up to the mark of the Orpheus Society, but unless the .Society means to give some awful examples of how not to do it, it should not repeat its latest experiment. Why should people in search of musical education and artistic taste be condemned to listen to a man taking a long Handelian run and moving his voice organs so as to emit every possible vowel sound except the one he ought to sing? And why should soloists, who write cabalistic letters after their names, treat audiences to English and foreign songs in which the pronun- ciation is so erratic as to demand a notice in the programme:-- 'N.B.—This song will be rendered in provincial dialect.' When a damsel, after some years' training, will still sing about her 'bybee,' it is time she set about getting married. Of course, we are prepared to allow for freaks from the back blocks with ' magnificent vocal organs,' &c.;, who cannot sing a decent word of their professed native tongue; but surely when we pay a fair fee for English singing we expect to hear English, or something near it.— Yours, Old English. Sir—I do not mind innovations when they are successful, nor alterations when they are improve- ments, but I hardly think it was an improvement, musically, to put the orchestra behind the chorus at the Orpheus Concert. At all times there is the advantage that the chorus, in such a position, if it wants to get out of tune, can most easily do so, but in the present case there was the additional advantage that the presence of a chorus was obvious where otherwise it might not have.been evident, for I do not think I ever heard such an amount of orchestral music to such a small quantity of choral noise. I think these words express very accurately the state of affairs at the Orpheus Society Concerts. —Yours, Ghost of Mendelssohn. The Newbury-Spada Concert Company are giving a special Scottish celebration night on Saturday evening at the Town Hall, under the patronage and in the presence of the Lothian Club and the Scotsmen of Adelaide. A special pro- gramme of Caledonian song has been prepared, and an artistic evening can safely be looked for. Mr T. F. Hudson reports biz. as good for the week at the Pantheon, which remains open from 10 a.m. to 10 p.m. daily. 