North Lyell Koad. Tui! North Lyell road lias |jeen a fruitful source of newspaper articles and fervent ejaculations and has thns gained a notoriety of which the Government appear lloth to rob it. It was called a road by the Government •officials ' In the first: plaoe , as^Sf' jlfo/iiibnt bb time wont on" .the -Government - became actually r,cg£J iinced thatitwas in reality a well- formed; Eobstantial thoroughfare, and they would Siot filter their opinion ittbo ghosts of tbe horses which iiave <iied npon it were to pass in suo- • •cossion"before them, and complain of the treatment of man to horse. It it were not a useful road it would be well worth preserving to be handed doiva to succeeding generations of Lyellites as a sample of the roads which at the end of the nineteenth century the Government considered was . good enough for the West Coast. Tiie track, especially ahat portion which lies between the baalage line and the gap, is now a quagmire, and is altogether in a most deplorable state. Its rats are in many, places two feet deep, for it has to sustain heavy, traffic, .and the loaded draye make great havoc upon its badly constructed surface. It would not in its original state have withstood perambulator traffic for six months, and the drays and the big hard-working horses, and the everlasting rain have now crushed and swept it entirely oat of recognition. North llyell has rapidly grown while the roBd has rapidly deteriorated, and now the people are without a pass- able thoroughfare, to.give them ingress or egress to their township. Storekeepers have in "con6e<juencc J been filled with alarm ; they fear that the carters will shortly be unable to deliver their goods, and then the price of articles must increase. Everybody, knows, but the Hon. E. Mulcahy, that the necessaries of life are dear in the Lyell district, and that if they become any dearer at North Lyell much hardship will be inflicted on the hardworking industrioas -residents. Tbe Government bae always shirked its responsibility of affording communication between Gormanston and North Lyell, leaving to the North Lyell Company the expenditure of money which should have come from the State, from the revenue to which this district so substantially contributes. Tasmania has too long depended, on private enterprise and it is quite time that it worked more on its own account. A Hobart daily, which appeared to be much out of breath at the time, recently complained that the colony was going too fast. It may be going rather fast for old age, but we fancy that this community could keep to- the front if the pace were made a little warmer, and at the same time have much opportunity for breathing time as well as relaxation. The colony has by no means reached its top speed, and it has good staying powers. Its training, however, has been neglected, and it would go better under more enterprising treatment, Ministers get out of breath in their endeavors to assure everybody of their anxiety to further the interests of the mining industry. Here is an opportunity for them of greatly serving tlie industry Ly conferring a benefit upon the people engaged in it. Let them vote sufficient money, not a large amount is needed, to make the road passable, and then they will have done something to show that their words are spoken in earnest. 