OUR STORY. A STRANGE STORY. (From the Catholic Fireside.) "And do you know, Cecy, that there is a ghost in this old place ? I am delighted, it is such a change from our humdrum house. It makes one feel quite romantic. Edith Vernon sat down opposite her sister, looking, as she said she was, delighted. " You always were lucky," she con tinued, when Cecy interrupted her with : " Do you think it a particular benefit, then, to be in possession of a house which holds a ghost ?" " OTcourse I do," said Edith de cidedly, " it shows that the house is genuinely old and that it belongs to an aristocratic family. Who ever heard of a ghost frequenting the brand-new villa of the man who has made his fortune out of pork or soap and candles ?" _ "Of course, one never does hear of such an encounter, for this reason, ghosts are simply creatures of im agination, and one could not well or reasonably expect a man who has lived amongst pork or soap and candles all his life to have much room for the exercise of such a thing." Cecile spoke quietly as was her wont, but nevertheless she felt some what disturbed, for though courage ous enough where things tangible were concerned, she had an intense belief in and dread of the super natural. A year ago the girls had been, as Edith would have expressed it, poked up ' in the small house which their mother rented in Kensington, seeing .no one and going nowhere, except to the seaside or country for a month or so in the summer. Truly an enviable existence ! Edith would sometimes say scornfully. But such as it was they had to be content with it, for their mother was a widow, and, . though of good family, her means were very limited. Cecile never grumbled at her lot, though often the thinking out of ways and means to make both ends meet dispirited her so. much that a good cry was often the last and only resource. After this relief she would burst out into smiles and beam again as cheerfully and hopefuly as does the sun after an April shower. Then one day an old friend of her father's came across her accidentally and introduced her to his wife, who invited her to their house. There she met Lord Homfray, and six months after had become Lady Homfray, and said good-bye to "the little, house in Kensington. They had travelled about on the Continent, and had now returned to Homfray Castle, where they intended to remain for the winter months. When they were settled in the an cestral home, Edith had been invited to come and make a long stay with them, an invitation which she had readily accepted. A .day or two after her arrival Lord Homfray had taken her aside and said to her : " Edith," I hope you will try and cheer up Cecile whilst you are here. She seems so depressed and low- spirited. I cannot think what can be the cause of it. She used to be so bright and cheerful." " It is the superfluity of riches that is weighing upon her," replied Edith, taking it lightly, though she had noticed that her sister was looking pale and thin. " I will shake her up a bit— she is looking rather gloomy." "Do not let her suspect that I have spoken of it to you," said Lord . Homfray, " she might not like it." " No, of course not," Edith replied. True to her word, Miss Vernon began the operation of "shaking up " her sister, but had not so far been very successful. To-day, however, she had heard about this ghost and was really quite excited and interested about it, and meant to make Lady Homfray the same. "Creatures of imagination, indeed," she cried, looking into the clear bright depths cJf the log fire which burned in the old-fashioned fireplace. "Several, of the servants have seen it, and old Ellen says that it never appears except when there is going to be a death in the family, so that is consoling, isn't it?" Cecile went pale to the lips. "Hubert and I are the only re presentatives of the family now," she said, trying to smile, " so which of us do you think it will be." This time Edith was startled. " It is all nonsense," she said, with a forced laugh. " I do not believe in either ghost or the coming death." - Cecile sank into a state of moody thought, from which Edith tried in vain to rouse her. She began to feel troubled and to wonder whether this ghost the servants spoke of had in deed come to admonish them of Lady Homfray's approaching demise. " If she continues in this state she really will become seriously ill," she thought. Then she said aloud : " Do you know Cecy, you look as worried as though >you had several unpaid bills on hand and no possible chance of meeting them. Why, when that awful plumber's bill came in to mother a year or two ago you were not half as serious about it. Oh, by the way, you never told me where you got the money to pay that bilk Where did you get it ?" Cecy gave a visible start and looked at her sister in confusion. " I shall begin to think you stole it if you look like that," laughed Edith, and then they both laughed, but Cecile's was a very faint attempt, indeed. " I came by it honestly," she said, trying to recover herself. " Well, it was very mysterious. I often wondered but mother took it so- easily, as though money was in the habit of dropping into y our hands- from the sky." Cecy did not respond to this quasi enquiry, and so Edith did not get the . information she was in quest of, and. the' subject dropped. # # # # In the servants' hall there was great consternation, for one of tho maids, a sober-minded and steady- going young woman, declared that on one night in the week, having occasion to go down to the kitchen in order to get some hot water, which she tancied would relieve an attack of neuralgia, she saw quite plainly the figure of a lady dressed in white who glided up the corridor in the direction of the west wing of the castle which is uninhabited. " Lor', Emma, what a tale !" ex claimed. one of her fellow-servants. "You were half asleep for sure, or gone silly with the pain of your head." " I was wide awake. I had not had a wink.of sleep since I went' upstairs," replied Emma, indignantly : "as for being silly with pain, my head isn't put on as loose as that, Sarah Johns !" " What was she like, then ?" chorused the maids, their feminine instinct aroused at once. " What was she dressed like ?" " She was tall and thin and all in white ; it was like a wrapper or a night gown or something of that sort," replied Emma. Then turning to the head housemaid, " Didn't I run into your room, Lily, and tell you so ?" "Yes," corroborated Lily, "she rushed into me like some one mad, and she was all of a tremble. She nearly frightened me out of my wits. I was scared." After this evidence doubts as to the veracity of Emma's story were not permissible, and a reign of terror existed among the women servants, not one of them would go anywhere near the fateful corridor after dusk alone, and even by day they hurried past with quickly beating hearts and bated breath. The climax was reached when a week or two later another maid encountered the figure in white and fled in terror to a com panion's roorti, where she fell on the floor in a fainting fit. (To be Continued.) 