TYPICAL TOPICALS. BY "THE UJK-FIWD." A few evenings once present leribbler was obsequiously sipping his modest glass of diluted water In the parlor o! the E'yul, together with a few friends, when the uraal man in the corner selected him as a warrior worthy his donghtj steel, and generally pummelled him with arguments. Meekly yentoring to suggest that a certain glaring inacouracy mm aomewhat divergent from the pleasant paths of faot, present scribbler was aval/inched with the following outburst, generated by a preponderancy of self-esteem, contempt, and. Tocth's XXX,—" Gam, I've got a few rats myBelf, but yon beat me bad. Fiehin' for information, are yer? Well, if yer put as many rats in yer paper as yiv got yeraelf, Gawdelp th' dtii—hie—kerlaahun." Present scribbler gulped down hib red-collar water and fled ponderously. • • • " A fool, a fool, I met a fool i' the forest. A motley fool, a miserable world. As I do live by food I met a fool." So sang Jacques* mock cypicism in the days of frills and furbelows, and as an attestation of the truth of the old axiom that " History repeats itself,"—lo, a fool riseth up in our midst, run ting and roaring in his deplorable ignorance, and with the trail of John Ferguson over him all. Medallioned, like poor Baraaby Budge with his ribbons and straws, with an 8vo " book of pomes " printed by contra, his froth-dribble appears in the polyglot lcttcr.presa of the Cumberland TitHtt, known to be in existence only by its appearing wrapped around our butcher's meat, —to the rest of humanity but the nhodow of a dark past not even to be coughed at by a ghost, lest it spit out its hell phlegm of eternal rciuor«o for fell deeds done. The Merrylands poom-liftwker and penny- dreadful merchant moves in spirit through the mysterious Hisita.l liquid of a fanatical Wagner; bis generation gasps staggered at the evolution of something from nothing (or the rather nothing from something); tbu man-imulo mannikin is incompletely complete in the marvellous ambition of his emasculation, und lifting his puny auiatouiy in the direction of the light of wise men he cries—" Let me be as they." So they christened him Tom-fooler, and it was finished. And ho marked the words of Carlyle of Chelsea,—" Up, up, and produce. Were it but the pitifullest infinitesimal fraction of a product, produce it, in God's name." d with pedantic jal " Up, up, and write, the musty columns of John Ferguson's hecatomb, write, in God's name." And he borrowed Shakespeare to quote himself an asti, and wrote of things of the which he knew nuu^lit, squirted the rage of a helpless ignomnej toward the sun, failed, and complained <>f his dearth oi understandiug us the dog barks the moon, and thus was ho for ever and ever named Tom-fooler. Would'bt know him more ? Bead. HC'H a dealer in the dailies, but his noble foul expand*, And lie tells in tearfid plaintings tluit he's (ircd uf Merrylands: Of the wand'ring cows and mongrels, and the casual begging tramp. So hi' weepeth for a wort)tier halo than his village lamp: For a nobler, grander halo than his pigmy village lamp. So he worships at the altar Holy Fergy of the Saints, And a'burning of his incense doth he ventilate complaints: Tolls his troubles to the willing car of Forgy the Most High, Hnketh pregnant with his sobs and sighs the regions of the sky: Paints the firmament with meanings thro' the regions of the sky. " Tell, Saint Fergy, what I'll do to compass fame and current cash : I'm a newsman pure and simple, but for that don't care a dash 1 For I have the fire within me, and by God I'll be a poet! I shall write for Time and After, and the multitudes shall know it: For Eternity I'll write, and all the blanky world shall know it. " Tell me, Fergy, Holy Fergy of the ' beard of patriarch : Tell to me the mystic secret how to bite u£ well ad bark ; I'm a'weary of the bart'ring with the Deadwood Dick brigade, And against the world I needs must test the temper of my blade : Have a chance Old Time to tickle with the temper* of my blade. " I have trottod out the children of my braiu at social bands, Hut they fail to find my worthiness at weary Merrylands, I'm a'sick'ning of the'eounter and the base and bastard chink, And my finer sense plays traitor to tho hugo parochial Stink: I'm a Poet, and I hate the Merrylitnds and Guildford Stink." And in holy rapture speaking did the saintly one reply: " You would scratch, ambitious worm, the scroll of fame before you die Y Then the easiest and safest way is where tho critics lurk:— Take your pen aqd punish brothers, hade another writer's work: Send your scruples to the winds and wreck another writer's work." So the Merrylandic bardlet was accorded in the Timet, »Mid«ib the bombast and the bestial, weekly column for his rhymes. And be sitteth in his taucium built of seasoned paling-wood, And bo munnureth in rapture—" This is fame, and it is good ! Thanks to Father Fergy Holy, this is past expression good! ' And his fame is ouly bounded l*y the vast doctorate: And a. dozen ploughmen dance to this tic potentate. r upon his office window, oxocute in ^ Sunlight soap 16 a picture of Saint Kergythis clodhoppic post's hope: This country vast-footed, cow«<lung wand'ring-eyed, rhymster's hope. and • • • * Mayor Mahony's objection to " small". friendly societies using the lodge-room for the purposes of bit., on t^e grounds tha{ they d kijook (hu^gs aljout," w^ere & fiig order envoys' t&e; ' privilege iirfispateq, Btn&ckb; just a li#fe cf-um-wwell—«h—you fcnow^-th&t; disuse which seises upon peoples and places when they grow big. We can't afford to ohuck hard cash away. Everything's fish that comes to the net of the poor municipality, and I say fill the room every night pf the week, with* Salvarmy rant ^Sim^n^^^u likj), «o^ong w a "•mill*' is a n ' a r e small, ft^r jUjplfiMMM^' ii^'Jihjiwhwftft TOlden them all sajBtdentiy li^ge': to respeot) Isalls for a desoent from ^ 4)infl|ole bZ chairgnndiocty -whaia eonunonor garden aMjwiwn • to the oottere, JarF«e AldermaaiWtiidsor wu aeked fother day to get Into f&enl; harness and ran foghorn** of 4hie jpVwfrnrmtn of Paramatta late Tomah^ ^With -Us habitual modesty be hummed wl wed, but did not actually refuse. Windsor ought to be a few rungs higher than wl^erf; lie is at present, and that he is not so I tian only put down to constitutional lacness, of the which I fear me not a little Windsor pomennon a fair share. • • - • What prioe a real set-to between Moxham and Toohev p I'd Us inclined to put my money on the Celt wid th' beautiful brogue, only for Moxham's foot There's no disguising Koxhsm's foot (couldn't be disguised with a hayBtaoMn fact) and a man with such a pair of beetle- crushers is not man to be thrilled wid* begob! Moreover, what a career of usefnlnrtw is his! Where emmbulates thsxti is fio need of steamrolfers sor aught else to -bring the roads to their proper levsl. Ah yes, a man with a foot like Moxham ought to be the federal praymier, so he ought! • . • • Do you know, I'm inclined to like Toobey. He has such a shanvooky brae Be about him that makes a living lie of the fierce military trade-mark he'sports on his upper lip. And the brogue! Be the discussion t'other evening anent Earramatta's shriek to bur returned Boer-butohers, I thought the richest slioe of the yodding was when Toohey said.—" Shure it ud be a unaquo deemonsthxation, BO it wud, and we cud 'ave th' "fade" afterwards, and recaive them offeeciallXi Tribune O'Halloian smashed his pencil at both ends with an overplus of enthusiasm at the sound of it. There are some poor creatures in high places in Granville. Fm told on the best authority that the proprietors of the Indeprtideni were asked for a price to print tlic cards for the opening of our new Town Hall, and because they were Is out in the price the work was sent away to a foreigner. The f»ub-oommittee were divided — on this great issoe—one .white man protest* ing against such mramtfl Hallelujah. 