BEHIND A VEIL. BY MRS. C.N. WILLIAMSON. CHAPTER VIII.— (Continued.) Sister Anna Theresa could understand many o£_ tho simpler English, words, and these were tho first, that reached her ears, as she peeped into Sister Marie Magdelenes cell. Upstairs, lying awake when she might have slept, thinking over tho events of yesterday and to-day, she had fancied that she heard some thing unusual. There were rats in the old con vent, regiments of rats, but their depredations were mostly confined to that part of the building nearest tho kitchen and refectory. Sometimes, however, they came further afield, and scratched and sharpened their long teeth on the rough stones insldo the ancient alls of the novices' dormitory wing. Sister Anna Theresa had keen ears that matched her quick suspicions, and when she had listened, holding her breath for a moment, sho had decided that these strange night noises were not due to rats. She rose, and, standing up on her bed an she al ways had to do, if she would see more than a patch of sky in the outside world, she looked from the wiudow. Nothing was to be seen, unless — was there not a faint luminousncss, like a bright cloud, floating below? It looked very much as if Sister Mario Magdelene (whose cell window was directly under hers) had her candle lighted at a forbidden hour. And there was a sound again. Tho older novice drew back and stepped to the ground. She wondered very much what was going on down there. In a place where there was «o little excitement, it was insufferable that any thing should be happening, and she miss knowing what it was. Besides, this was her affair. She had provided the sensation fof. Sister Marie Mag delene, and it was right that she should at least share 1t. Sister Anna Theresa had seen the red letters on the canvas displayed under the windows early that morning, for even spare moment of her time since the day before had been spent with her face at tho bars, her jealous, curious eyes on the lake. Sister Mario Magdelene had not confided in her. If tho younger girl had done this, the elder might have ended by pardoning her for having a lover. As it was, sullen malice had been grow ing weed-like in Sister Anna Theresa's heart all day. "She's moving in her cell," said the novice, as she began hastily putting on her day garments. "I'll go down and say I heard her all the way up stairs, and warn her to be quiet. Then I'll make her tell me everything." She did not light the candle, but found her things in the dark, lit only by (be purple, star- jewelled. cloud-swept square set high in the cell wall. The professed nuns of the Order wore their feet bare, the novices had coarse sandals, and, slipping Into these. Sister Anna Theresa pattered softly out into the corridor. She groped her way along, with her hand on the cold stone of the wall, so to the stairway: and Sister Mary Magdclene's door finally revealed itself bv the thin, glittering rim of light, like a gilt-edge on tho page of a book. All was silent on the other side as she bent to listen; or no, there was a curious, inexplicable noise, very slight, yet concentrated into distinct ness in the vast silence of the sleeping convent. It was as if the inmate of the cell were nibbing a piooo of metal against stone. Unable to bear suspense longer, the woman crouching in the darkness softly turned the handle of tho door. Inch by Inch she stralthlly opened it, until she heard — not the voice of a woman in hysterical babblings, us she had fancied, but a man's tones — oxcltod, triumphant, and saw that which well- nigh forced a cry of Incredulous amazement from her Hps. A man's face looked in at the high window, and a man's strong hands had torn out the first bar of the cage. Already, as the watcher at the door j stared from darkness into light, lie was beginning j the task of dislodging tho next. He worked with I furious baste. as if for life or death, and, at this , rate, only a few moments more and the eecoml | bar would yield. A third gone, and — Sister Anna Therosa thought she knew what might happen then. A wave of jealous rage swept over her. Sho cloaked the emotion, to her own eyes, in the guise of righteous indignation; but deep in her heart she knew that she hated the girl whose lover fought for her against the world, against the mighty power of the Church. There was no tlmo to be lost. If this awful act. of sacrilege were to be prevented; and, without stopping to think, or to give herself a chance of relenting, Sister Anna Theresa let her passion whirl her away with Its flooding tide, like a flimsy boat toru from Its moorings in the grip of a storm. With noiseless, sandalled feet, she rnn along the stone-flagged passage, down the stairs, and through corridor after corridor, till sho paused breathless, with knuckles knocking an alarm on the door of the Mother Superior's cell. Sharp and quick rained tho taps on the panel, like the rasping blows of a tree branch, driven by tho night wind against a pane of glass. In the cell on tho other side there was a hasty stirring. The third bar wn« out. As Tristram gave the final jerk that dislodged It from the centuries-old niche among the stones, the church clock tolled tho four quarters, and then, after a pause as if for breath, boomed one heavy stroke for the first hour after midnight. At the same moment the candle- end, which had been stifling in its own grease, dropped its flaming head, and wim ex tinguished. Mary utter a faint exclamation. "That doesn't matter now," Tristram eonroled her. "It's begun mining a little, hut there's a star hero and there, and the moon's conic up behind the clouds. Once you're outside, we shall have enough light. Stand on tip-too, ami I'll help you up. with uiy bands on your waist. Don't I be frightened. I won't let you fall." I But the wind bad risen, and was blowing Mary's h;\jr ncroes her eyes. Every nerve in her body was throbbing. She had begun to he hor ribly frightened again, now that the moment was come. "Oh, wait — wait Just one minute!" »he Im plored, her little teotli clicking together with tho ' nervous trembling that shook her frame. "1 ; can't see. My hair will blow nil over my face and yours too, while you help me down that dreadful ladder. Walt till I get my veil, nud I 11 wrap It ovor my head lllra a lioocl. i kn„„ whero 11 Is— on tho hook by tho door. 1 am It In tho dark." a i Firm, strong hands had tilrendy claused h.r wnlst to lift her up, but with mi impulsive move! : ment she sprang away, and Tristram heard the light touch of her feet as sho Jumped from the bed to tho stone floor. Then camo a falut rustling, a stiffed exclama tion. Ho listened for hor return In impatience for ho was desperately eager to be away, to hav» her out of prison, and feel that tho goal of hZ froodom was wilhlri reach. "Have you found tho veil?" ho whispered She did not answer. The rustling had ceased and there was doep stlonco In tho cell. It seemed to Tristram's excited Imagination that tho still uess held a different quality. It heat against his oars, liko tho soundless murmur of the sea In a shell. < "Are you ready?" asked agnln, a sharp note of anxiety keyed lnl Is voice. Still no reply. A b : ible fear gripped TTlstram by the throat. Had ire been taken suddenly 111 and fainted? Had tho strain of excitement been too much for her heart, weakened by months of grim austerities? When ho had heard the slight exclamation hardly more than a whisper, which had passed her lips while groping In the dark for her veil he had guessed it to mean the irritation of nerves stretched well-nigh to breaking point, but per haps it had meant moro than thai. Perhaps it ' bad been a gasp of expiring consciousness as sho sank In a swoon. At the thought his blood leap ed to his head and pounded at the temples. "For God's sake, speak to me!" he entreated. No response; and Ills vague, gnawing fenr bit deep with the fiereo fang of certainty. All hone that sho might liavo been listening for some fan cied sound outside the door, refusing to satisfy him till It had died away, was gone; for he knew that she would not willingly have left Ids last appeal unanswered, even It she had but replied by a whispered "Hush!" Some horrible thing had happened there, within a few feet of him. while a pall of darkness shut down between. "What If the shock has killed her? What if she be dead?" a voice seemed to hiss In liis car: but he would not. listen. He shook off tho doleful presence as if It hail beea some coiling reptile, striving to force his broad shoulders through the nperluro of the window, lie might as well have tried to push his way into a rat-hole; but he gritted his teeth together, and would not give up. Tristram did not doubt now (hat .Mary had fnllou, and was lying unconscious, deaf to his 1 words, lost to him and to the world, if his heart ; proved faint. Yet there was but one way to reach her, and that was by tearing out a fourth bar, to add to tho three that tho girl had taken from Ills hands and laid noiselessly down on her bed. Only two bars were left of tho five that had eaged the window, and each one supported an Iron hook of the rope ladder on which ho stood hang- ing over tho precipice. The liars were sot In vertically, and were not long enough to be laid horizontally across inside the window, or all might safely have been removed. For himself, this did not matter. If the ladder were suspend- ' ed from one hook only, he could cling on, and he could get down again— alone — but not with .Mary. : Still, there was nothing else for it. The fourth bar would have to go, since ho must find en- tranco to tho cell; and when Mary had been re- ; vlved, he might persuade her to lot him lower her, tied to the rope, from the window to the nar- , row ledge twenty feet inflow. Afterwards, It would be simple enough for him to follow. Buoying himself with this last hope, ho tore ! out the fourth bar, with such desperate haste that i he cut tho skin of his fingers, feeling nothing, ' wondering why his hands were wot. At last he could fling the Iron rod through tha j window, and guess that it fell on the bed where > Mary had been standing, because Its fall made no ; noise. Another moment, and he had pulled him- > self after, dropping down on the rustling straw j mattress. ! Still not a sound in tho coll. It might have ' been a vault, Instead of a room la a house in habited by many human beings. Ho had tried lighting a match to look through i tho window and break the pall of darkness, hut' so had the tiny flame flickered In the wind before ; it died, that he could see nothing In tha cell. The floor, where he pictured Mary lying, was deeply carpeted with shadow that only seemed to thicken under tho travelling spark of his vestn. j Once inside, however, tho wind's breath could not reuch a match held In the hollow of his hand. ; Tristram's heart was knocking against his side : like strokes of a hammer, as once again he drew | out his matchbox. There was tragedy In tho deathly silence. He feared what he might have : to see, yot there was no time for hositnt ion. He , drew another wax vesta across the-roughened ; metal base of the box, and a flame leaped up. ; For n second or two ho snw only it, like a yel- : low star on a background of dnrknoss; then the j walls of stono seemed to spring front tbe dusk, ; straight at bis eyes. There was a shrine; a nail, ; from which the white folds of a veil draped, glim- merlng white as a ghost floating in the gloom. ; Tltero was the black outline of the poor narrow ; bed under tho window; there was tho bare grey- licss of uncovered floor. No prostrate figure lay \ stretched along tho stones. He was alone In tha l cell. (To be continued.) 