I Itolïgion iii Busiríoss. I '.. - : ITUE Rev. Charles Sheldon was recently tho principal sponkor at tho Iroo Assembly Hall, ? .Edinburgh, and tho' keynote of Iiis spooch was tho same ns tho central idea of "In His I Stops." Ho asked was tho teaching of JOBUS Christ meroly visionary and idonl, or was it possiblo to put it into praetico in daily lifo ? Ho proposod to ar>ply tho touching to four dillerout kinds of people, viz., lawyers, doc tors, business mon and journalists. Ho got loavo of absenco from his churoh in his city, and lived a wook with the lawyers, another with tho doctors, a third with tho businoss mon, and ho oditod a nowspapor for a wook. As to tho lawyors, his goneral conclusion was that Christianity did not influence thoir livos nt all, and some of tho best lawyors said tlioy did not think mon in thoir profes sion could he Christians. Ho did not beliovo that. Ho was disappointed with Ids wook among tho doctors." They novor talked about Christ; they bocamo hardonod and talked about tho human body, tho " Temple of tho Holy .Ghost," ns if it wero a bit of moat. Ho urged doctors to onnoblo thoir profession. Thoy should tell patients, and particularly ' young people, of tho ovils of alcohol on tho human body. Not moro than half-a-dozon businoss.mon with whom ho talkod in his wook with thom could say that they really tried to livo a Christian lifo in businoss. Tlioy said.it wns not possiblo. Ho did not boliovo that, though it might moan loss of monoy. Ho hntod tho word ".success " when appliod.to tho success of somo businoss mon. '. Süccosfiil thievos ho called them. .' In AmoriciVmon who had .pews in churoh and vhelpod to pay tho pastor's snlnry combiuod to ''cornor " tho necessities of lifo. 'Dealing lastly with journalism, Mr. Sheldon said tho great want of tho. ago was a Christian daily pnpor. Ho doniod that his ossay as oditor of a daily was Uifailure. His editing was moant ns an object lesson, not asan exporimoht. He denied .that bo got any profit for his work, though it had boen said that ho re ceived a largo sum, and doclnred that tho circulation wont np from 12,000, to 300,000 copios por day. That was not a failure. The appeal in his paper forfamino stricken India produced 50,000 (lol. in monoy and 00,000 bushels pf whoat._ His paper had also.boon tho moans.bf raising raoney'to build a homo' for consumptives. Dospito reports to tho contrary, tho papor contained nil tho news that wook that was worth giving;. Thorowas not very muoh.ÇIiaughtor.) Ho hadjrocoived thousands of lottors promising support to n real Christian daily if lie would only start ono. Ono day ho got 088 letters. H they had a real Christian pross bohind this groat tomporanco mavomon* they might almost soe tho millonium in a decade. That mighty question Federation, For many thoughts and hopes tho food Has passed on much deliberation, And may it be a lustiug good. Its worth will soon bo proved by test, A method sound as it is sam, For coughs and colds we do request A trial of Woods'. Groat Peppermint Cure.i 