THE EEV. Gr. E. WHEATLEY. "KINGS OF LAUGHTER." By the afternoon train from Perth, yesterday, the Rev G E Wheatlev, the popular Wesleyan preacher of Fremantlp, arrived in Bunbury. He ' was met on the platform by the Rev ' W A Bray and Messrs H Brashaw, i Prosser, Lowe, and other members of 1 the denomination here. Jn the after* ' noon several residents accepted the 1 invitation of Mr Bray, and assembled 1 in the study of the manse, Stirling Street, and spent a very pleasant hour 1 with the popular Fremantle lecturer. ' Afternoon tea was served round, and an enjoyable chat followed on public ' topics. The visitor was brimful of anecdote and clever little stories, and ' the time passed all too quickly away. ) In the evening tbe Masonic Hall 1 was well filled, wheo the Kev G E Wheatley delivered an exceedingly interesting and entertaining lecture entitled "Kings of Liughier." Mr W II Timperley, B.M., occu pied the chair, and there were also on the platform the Revs W A Bray and A Buchanan. In introducing tbe lecturer, the Chairman said that many times when asked to take the chair at an enter tainment given by a stranger he haB felt diffident about it because he had never met tbe person giriog it; but in this instance he had met the Rsv Mr Wheatley in Mr Kray'a house and had spent a very pleasant hulf-bour wiih him. He would promise hi? hearers that in Mr Wheatley they would find an exceedingly pleasant, broad minded, humoroup, Christian gentle maD. Many years ago-between fortv and fiftj-it was quite an unusual thing for ministers to take to the public platform, as it was considered that the pulpit was tbfir proper place. But now he was happy to nay that the clergy came forward, and from the platform taught the lessons of life, and their influence was for good. A musical programme was then pro ceed with, during which Miss Dellow and Mr Will Robertson rendered a song each in a manner which in both instances was appreciated by the audience. Mr B F O North contri buted a very pretty flute solo. The accompaniments ware played by Miss Cass, Misb Wendt, and Mr C.ively. The piano used was kindly lent by ( Mr bray, the Masonic Hall instru-1 ment being so hopelessly b<*d as to be absolutely unusable. j The Rev. G E Wheatley was greeted j with a most hearty round of applause | as he roue to commence his lecture. I There is something iu Mr Wheatlej 'e j appearance that at once draws his | audience to him. He is a little, rosy- j cheeked Yorkshireman, with a merry J I twinkle in hie eye. There is always a ] I smile lurking about the corners of hie j expressive mouth, and yet when oc- J ! casion requires it he caD look as stolid. 1 determined and immovable as the rock I of Gibraltar itself. He has a mellow | voice and,an easy and graceful manner J of gesticulation. He launched his I lecture with a telling story of the j preacher who, travelling to an ad-j joining parish to deliver a sermon, got ] very wet. He was frightened that he ] would get his death of cold, so he I spoke to the minister man and asked if j he could gat him a dry change of] clothes. The verger could not, he was I sorry to eay, but added, " Hoot man, just get up into the pulpit, ye'll be ] dry enough there." From tbis out tbe j audience never ceased to iaugb. Point j after point in rapid succession was I driven home, each nicety illustrated j with a happy anecdote, a personal re- j minescence, or a chestnut of some 1 sort. The chief burden of the serious { line which served as the connecting ] links for his sallies of wit and humour { was that religion should not be re-1 garded as a gloomy subject. He did I not see why a parson should always be I a sort of wet blanket en his audience, j nor did he see why the devout Chris-1 tian should eschew - laughter and assume a cloak of melancholy. Laugh-1 ter was good for everybody and everything. He told a charming storv I of his little daughter May. They j were sitting at breakfast one beautiful spring morning. The sun was spread- } ing its genial raya all around and a golden streak came in glorious j effulgence through the window and across tbe table. Suddenly May, who I was busy supping porridge, looked up 1 and commenced laughing. Her parents ] looked at her in wonder and said, 1 " What's tbe matter, May ?" " Ob, 1 l mother," aaid the bright littlegir!, "I've just swallowed a spoonful of sun-1 shine." That was what people wanted j -more sunshine, more cheerfulness, ] and less medicine. For an hour and a half Btory followed Btory, and the I laughter never ceased to be of the heartiest description, whiltt at times { it rose to a roar of unrestrainable j merriment. There was not a single 1 member of tbe audience but must ] have benefited physically by the J hilarity infused into his or her compc- I sition by the wit and humour of the lecturer. The time seemed all too I brief, and it was with a sigh of regret} that the audience saw Mr Wheatley I sit down and close his lecture. The j only people to be pitied are those who j were not present. j Mr Bray proposed a comprehensive j vote of thanks, and tbe Chairman, in j responding, said that if the people of j Bunbury had had any idea of the excel lent treat they were to have, they would I have packed the hall. It was the very } finest entertainment they had ever had I in Bunbury. j Mr Wheatley, in reply to a vote of j thanks, said he had often been asked } to come to Bunbury, but could not get I away from his own duties. He was ] here now and thought it a very nice little place. He knew that it was { famous for three things-it was the | birthplace, and it had a breakwater and I a brewery. (Laughter.) J Mr Wheatley lectures in the Collie I to-night, and to-morrow will deliver a I lecture in the Masonic Hail on { " Ghosts." No one should miss this I lecture, and our visitor should be { cheered with a crowded bouse, i 