THE CITY COUNCIL MUST GO. 1 Tho reccut tliscrodilablo proceedings in the City Council only supply further proot otr the lonc patent fact that this institution lniS POilellPll J1 s f'Jl ti /1rnrmi<ki>>i/>\r jUimicipal sovonmiont in fyiluoy is now looked upon by tlio public n.s little more than an indecent mockery nud at every nieetiuf; of the council something; is done to eonlirm that estimate. Living as they do in a civic a'lmosphere thick with traditions of incompetency, corruption, and misman agement, aldermen scatter round mutual charges of slill actiujy down to the lowest standards of the past. And this is fre quently done in laiifruaKO and accompanied by conduct, which, -if made use of in a. public place, would .lustily the arrest of some ol' the "potent, sruve, and reverend seisnors',' for riotous behaviour. As a natural consequence the work of municipal government is grossly neglected.' dust now it is in a state of simple collapse. The city lias been allowed lo sink into n condition of tilth from which 'for tlio sake of the public health rlio Executive Go vernment bus been obliged to step in and, at great expense, rescue it by emergency labor. Notwithstanding the very presence of tlio jilague amongst us, the council neglects to re form even the disgusting old method of garbage collection, which has long been a reproach to Sydney. Any night in tlio week boxes of rubbish may be seen lining the foot- pntlis, with nocturnal prowlers raking amongst them for rags or bones, or anything salable that can be discovered. -After 1hey have overhauled tlieni and left the contents scattered about they afford sustenance for the bubonic rat. When the garbage Is col lected, through the want of a destructor — which should liave been provided years ago — it is towed out to sea, and cast, loose 011 the waves, to be washed ashore again, where it has already become a nuisance to some of our marine suburbs. The question of providing a destructor when it is raised only serves to create a more or less disorderly scene amongst aldermen, who accuse eacli other of boodlistie motives. The streets are ill- paved and ill-lighted; tho lanes and alleys repositories of miscellaneous tilth; the public conveniences few and foul und repellent. Meanwhile, the finances have been muddled into a condition analogous to that of a drun kard's estate, and the city loaded with a burden of debt for which there is nothing but a state of chaos to show. All tho work ing staff is and has been for years past in a state of demoralisation, which the most strenuous efforts can 110 longer conceal. In short, the measure of municipal degradation is full and flowing over 011 every side. The people of .Sydney have endured this sort of municipal management until a point lias at last boon reached when further pa tience would amount to a culpable trilling, not only with the credit of their city, but with the lives of themselves and tlielr fa milies. Tlio present stale of affairs is one of absolute danger. Bankruptcy threatens the city on the one hand, and pestilence on the other, while a discredited council does nothing but feebly llaunt its own Impotence before tho public. A11 emergency lias arisen which calls for prompt action, but the ques tion is what can the people do. Any idea of improving the type of councillor that lias brought matters to their existing condition may as well be dismissed at once. He Is the product of the system under which Syd ney is municipally governed, and as long as that system remains, he will be with us as its only true exponent. Reform through the civic ballot-box is, therefore, impossible, even If the city could afford to watt upon that, under any circumstances, slow aud tedious process, which, as filings are, it certainly ennnot. Where 1s the association which at the last municipal elections attempted to put new life into the council? After the complete de monstration of the hopelessness of the task which results soon furnished, it simply gave lip the ghost. And the Incorrigible old bri gade muddled along ill its discreditable old way, rendered all the more contumacious by tills proof of its Immunity. Improvement, therefore, must conic from another source. And what is more, it must conic quickly if ,Uic city Is to bo saved from the dangers that, as the result of past municipal mis- govcrmneut, now menace It. It is the con stitution from which the kind of council we have is the outcome that must be remodelled before any appreciable measure of reform can be hoped for. The axe imast be laid to tho root, and tho only way thn.t It can tie done is by legislation which will wipe out the whole council at once, a.nd place the civic management of Sydney on an entirely new basis. The Government has already bad to put the council aside, and take upon Itself the urgent sanitary work required in connection Willi the plague epidemic, and which would otherwise never have been performed. Under the supreme law of public necessity muni cipal authority was overridden and even at the present time civic functions are being discharged by the Executive with 110 other warrant than the fact that the council has shown itself utterly unable to carry out Its legitimate duties. Having gone thus far under the spur of emergency, it now remains for the Government to go a little further nud complete by legislation that, which lias had to be begun by mere executive force. Tlio control which has been taken from the para lysed bands of the effete city corporation should never again be restored to them. What is now wanted is a bill which will begin by following a. precedent lu regard to tho council, and proceed from that; to tho logical conclusion which, when -that prece dent was laid down, the Government of tlie day 1111 fortunately failed to reach. On a previous occasion when tho municipal affairs of Sydney were brought to an "impasse," under circumstances not so serious as they are now a mandate issued, taking them out of tho hands of lite council altogether, and vesting the government of the city in a tem porary commission. l-'.ut that remedy, al though effectual for the immediate evil to be dealt with, lost its force when the council was re-established on its former basis. Hence the recrudescence of the same old trouble in an accentuated form. Ill tlie light of that experience, however, the Go vernment ought to have no difficulty about deciding what: to do ou tills occasion. The lirst tiling is to get rid of the council, aud the next to appoint a commission to put the city's affairs 011 a sound footing, and ad minister them until arrangements can be made for bringing into force a thoroughly re modelled system. The base of civic govern ment must lie broadened aud provision made for a direct play of a municipal public opinion and public interest upon the Town-ball such as Sydney has never yet had the benefit of. The E.vne Government has won golden opinions by tho prompt and ener getic manner in which it came to the rescue of the citizens in the disastrous plight in which they found themselves as the conse quence of the council's failure. But this is only makeshift work at the best, and all tho good of it will he lost unless it is followed up In the manner which almost unanimous pub- lie opinion now indicates, namely, the imme diate abolition of the City Council aud the placing of the city in commission. 