HIS OWN ACCUSER. CHAPTER XXI. IN PRISON BY HOUGHTON TOWNLEY, AUTHOR OF “DAZZLED.” With heedless haste Phil was hustled out of the curt. He was taken along gioomy passages, his head swimming as in a terrible nightmare. A warder seized him roughly, and a pair of handcuffs were on him wliioli fitted ao tightly that tMy left marks on his wrists for days. “Seven stretch and no more. You vo had a luck escape, young man I" said the war"! dor, as he fastened the bracelets. ‘ S poso that pal of yours was put up to that lay about mixing the drinks by your solicitor? It fetched ’embut you’re in for a good spell anyhow. I hoveknown some man slaughter cases where they didn’t give more ’an six months,” With this comforting remark ho hustled his prisoner off to join some others wait ing for the police van. Into a stuffy, foul-smelling compart ment of the vaii he was thrust next, and the door slammed upon him. Soon the jolting of the van told him ho was being borne away. Whither? To live in a prison among the vagabonds of the earth for seven years 1 His first confusion over, he now had time to think. Before his eyes was the scene in court —tho agonised face of Paulino—-as sho stood with outstretched arms as they hurried him from the place. Would she wait for him for seven years! After a -time the jolting of tho van stopped. A key rattled in £he lock; he was dragged roughly out of the van by a warder, and up the steps of the prison. Here lie was handed over with a warrant to the governor of tho gaol, a kindly man, who eyed him pitifully, Phil thought. “Gently there, Saunders, gently/’ said the governor, as the warder proceeded to release the handcuffs from the prisonous swollen wrists. It was so late that every proceeding was being hurried through at breakneck speed. Tho warders were anxious to"be off. In the reception ward he was told to undress, and for a time was compelled to stand naked whilst a full description of him was entered in a book. .Every mark upon his body was carefully noted, in cluding—strange irony of Fate—a scar from an old wound on the neck, accident ally made with a fencing foil by Eddie Wilde. Next he was placed upon a weigh ing machine; and lus height was also taken. Philip Haynor, and a full descrip tion of his personal appearance, then figured in tho governor’s list of rogues and vagabonds. They provided him with a suit of convict clothes—not those which he was to wear during the greater portion of his retirement from the world, but somewhat similar gar ments. When dressed he was asked .whether he would like a pint of cold skilly (oatmeal) and a small brown loaf. Ho declined, for, needless to say, he was not in the mood for eating. In another minute he was thrust into a small cell, tho door was shut to with a clang, and looked, and he stood In pitch darkness, alone and lost to the world. Feeling round the place in the darkness, his hand struck against a contrivance of wood —tho plank bed. A night upon a plank bed is with one ex ception the most painful physical puu’sh ment to which tho well-behaved convict of our day is subject. On the plank was a i blanket and a wooden pillow. I He sank upon tho rude bench exhausted, wondering with a nameless dread what tho rest of the room was like, and wliat f resh horrors were in store for him. Gradually the sense of dread abated and a weariness overcame liim, but not sleep. The tossing and turning, the efforts to keep warm, and tho stiffness induced by the plank bed, made sleep impossible. * How gladly ho welcomed the morning light creeping through the grating of his coil! Ho arose uurefreshed, with heavy head and aching limbs and leaden heart. As tho light began to glimmer tlirough the tinv cell ho was able to get a notion (if its contents, and realised also that ho was being watched. Being watched! How many people un derstand how the watching system* is con ducted? Tho door of every cell contains a grating, through which conversation is carried or between prisoner and warder. This grat ing can be shut and opened when necessary. Above the grating is the much dreaded spy hole. As Phil soon discovered, it is an unplea sant sensation to feel that a man may at any moment be looking at you and noting your actions without being seen. The warders wore slippers covered with soft list, similar to those used by burglars. In these slippers they crawled silently up and down the corridors, spying here and there, and listening like watch-dogs. In this place he was pent up for seven days, with the exception of a few hours for exercise in a circular yard with the other prisoners. How his soul re volted at the diabolical leera of his fellow convicts. They seemed somehow to know all about him, and regarded the “murderer” with some interest. Alone in hb? cell, mad ness seemed to be threatening him. His patience and fortitude were deserting Him after only seven days, and he was to suffer for seven years. Solitude and silence, within bare, white washed wails, wit'll only a dim light filtering through barred windows! The man who is naturally solitary, and who has led a sedentary life, finds it hard enough ; but to tho strong and vigorous youth who has spent half his life in the open, breathing the fresh air of the country, the silent system in prison is torture in deed. The oakum which had been given him to pick employed liim for awhile. He tried to fix his thoughts upon the hateful task and to think of nothing else—anything to pre vent his mind dwelling on the awful pros pect before him. By and by he began lb pace his cell back wards and forwards like an encaged tiyer. His eyes burnt like hot cools, and his head throbbed as though it would burst. .He longed for air, space and movement. One day ho climbed up to his window and hung on to the bars in the hope of catching a glimpse of a green field. How then, nono-of that,” cried a hoarse voice behind him, and dropping down from tho window he found himself roughly col lared by a warder. “You won’t get out that,way, my fine fellow. We have a short way of settling little tricks of that sort. You must come before the governor. How then, out you go,” and tho man caught him by the sleeve and hustled him into the cor ridor. Phil’s blood was boiling. “Take your hands off,” he cried, an grily. “Get along there, or ” The sentence was unfinished. Phi], in hot anger, had turned upon the burly warier, and dealt him a sounding blow with the loft, nearly knocking him down. Before ho half realised what ho bad done, Phil found himself suddenly seized bv a couple of strong warders, who held his hands m a vice-like grip. The half-blinded, maddened official who had been struck, as soon as he recovered from the first shock of the blow returned to tho charge, and lunged out at tho now de fenceless fellow, giving full vent to his mad fury, whilst the other warders looked on and laughed, holding . their prisoner’s hands. “Give iit him, Wicky,” cried one ; “if the governor won’t deal with insubordinates pro perly we must do it ourselves, or some of us ’ll be murdered one of these days. Maddened with passion, the strong man showered several blows upon poor defence less Phil, until ho staggered between the cowards who were holding him, \- “That’s enough, Wicky, cried tho one who. had previously spoken, interfering ; ,e J gneoi ho won’t’ trouble: you again. How then, young man, no shamming, no pretending you can’t walk. Hone of your dodges.” With unceremonious haste he was dragged before the chief warder and to the governor’s room. “What’s this?” said the governor, as ho entered the room and surveyed four panting men. two of them holding ibe half stunned, half-fainting form of the young man. “Tnsubo’-dination of Ho, 73, sir,” said the warder who had been first struck, at the sometime staunching the blood that flowed from his lip. “Attacked me savagely from behind, sir. as I was leaving his cell.” _ “Attacked yon from behind and cut your lip front; how was that?” I “That was after, air. It took three of; us to overcome him.'* "it is a vwv strange thing, Wicks,” said vbo governor,, “.that * every case j of uisubiudUiatiou for the last week has come from your ward., , X am cer tain it- is now altogether the fault of tlie pri soners- Your muimor of dealing with thorn must be at fault You lack tact, or judg ment, or humanity, or something. I won't nave it There must be fewer coses of tills; sort in your ward, or I shall hove to order a strict inquiry into the matter, Take that man back to his cell. I shall not order any special punishment in this case. He seems to have been badly mauled. No. 73,” ho continued, addressing Phil, “I am sorry to see you brought before me so soon. Do not lot it occur again, Let this be a warning to you.” •‘But he was trying to escape, sir,” said the abasing and astonished warder, “Escape—how?” , “Climbing up thewindow, sir.” “To got a sight of a green field, if pos sible—>to got a glimpse of country. 1 had no thought of' escape,” said Phil. “It is a lie, sir! Ho was trying to gel out.” . “That will do,” said .the governor, quickly. “No wrangling here, please. Take him back,” He was led gently enough from the go vernor’s presence, but. as soon as they were well out of earshot ho was again hustled ruugldy, mid when he ,arrived at his ceil they thrust him in with a sudden jerk that throw him face downwards on to the hard floor with a crash, closing the cell door upon him with a sharp clang. Infuriated beyond endurance at this, ho struggled hurriedly to his foot and rushed for the closed door only to hoar the key turned in the lock and find himself oucoJ more a solitary prisoner. He struck with ills clenched hands upon the iron door and shrieked aloud in fury. The warders paid no heed to Ins cries, but from a cell not far distant he heard an echoing shriek of some poor wretch, mad dened and desperate like himself, who, reaching at last the end of all patienno and reason, was tearing at the bars of his cell door, calling alternately upon God and Satan to deliver him from bondage. The heartrending cries of the follow sufferer, aroused by the contagion of another’s fury, acted like magic upon Phil, reminding him that his own suffering was nothing com pared with that of others who had perhaps been years in that home of dosjiair. Ho slunk away from the door and throw himself upon his bed, clenching his hands, holding himself in check lost he too should go mad—too goon. CHAPTER XXTL JOB OASSIDT TO THE RESOUR—TWO BULLETS AND THEIR STORY HOPE AT THE ELEVENTH HOUR. One morning some time after the trial, as Paulino was sitting despondent and wretched in her room, Martha entered rather abruptly. “There’s a strange man below wants to see you, miss, about Mr. Phil, he says it is. and ho won’t give any message. He says ho must see you, miss, and I believe he’s drunk.” “What kind of man, Martha?” “A rough-looking laboring man, miss, who sometimes used to come with letters from Mr. Phil.” “Is Dr. Marsh in the house?” “No, miss.” “Show him into the consulting room, Martha ; I will see him there,” Martha seemed to have doubts of the advisability of admitting tho drunken per son, but did as she was told, and Job Cas sidy, for it was he, was ushered into the late doctors room. Ho had not long to wait before Pauline entered, looking the ghost of her former self, pale and sorrow-stricken, but calm and queenly. Job pulled of! his hat, and twisted it round and round in his hands, stammering out a good-day. After that his self-pos session left him entirely, and he stood dumb. “You came to say something about Mr, Raynor?” said Pauline. “£es, miss.” “Did you come with a message from bim ?” i “No, miss.” j “What is it. then?” v , [ Job looked cautiously round aa if to as : sure himself that nobody else was present,. | and stammered out— j ‘Tve come about the other chap—Mealy ! Markham. It was ’im as did It, miss, or | lie was in it.” I “What do you mean?” “It’s on my conscience, miss, though I’m paid not to open my mouth; but 1 must When I seed you in the court a crying, miss, begging your pardon, I couldn’t keep it in no longer. I had a brother, miss, what was ’anged, and it was ‘ Lis doing! My name’s Ossidy." T “I cannot imdertand you. What is it r you wish to tell mot’ “Mr. Mealy Markham ’ad a ’and in that 1 shootiu’ business for which Mr, Raynor got seven years, miss.” * Pauline was puzzled. 1 “Do you mean that he was aware of it ?” “Yea, miss, and that ho did it” J III was some time before she realised to the full Job’s statement, but when she did her eyes flashed. “Do you mean to say that Air. Raynor did not commit the crime of winch he ac cused himself?” “Yes, miss ; but until I Leered in court as the young gentleman didn't remember doin’ it, and only woke up to find it done, and accused hisself, I didn’t see tilings clear. I thought, they both ’ad a 'and in it, miss, and I was paid to keep shut on the business.” , “By whom ? I coimot understand you. ” Her quick intelligence noted an earnest ness and evident sincerity in the man’s manner. This was no drunken raving, but a message of faint hope. “Well, miss, it’s like this. My poor bro ther Will was ’anged for poachin’, and X swore to be oven with Air. Alarkluun, and I mean to, too. I don’t like ’im, I don't.” “Yes, yes,* but about the shooting?” “Well, miss, young Air. Raynor gave me a job weedin’ for many weeks up at the ’All, when nobody else didn’t think mo respect able cos my brother was ’anged, and one day I overheard Alealy Alarkham and Mr. Raynor quarrelling about the shooting of Air. Wilde, Air. Markham licensing him and him not denyin’ it. And soon after I found a fine gun hidden in Hazel Woua —a gentleman’s gun, miss, not a noacher’s—an’ I ses to my self, ‘The owner of this ’ere ain’t up to no good.’ I didn’t move it; but me and ray pal, Nicky Nobson, went to look at it one evening about dark, and while we was there the owner of the gun came along stealthy like, and we seed him pull the gun out from [ under the bush. My mate dashes after him in the dark and grabs hold of him bv the necktie, and he turns round sharp and fires, and the shot, a nasty, ugly one—lodged in my boot. He got clear away, leaving his necktie behind him. From that necktie we found out it was Air. Markham, and it was his gun. Well, lie dursn’t take the gun away out of the wood. He left it behind him agin, and alter watchin’ and seekin’ we found it and hid' it. and spotted him coming agin to find it, and told him if ho wanted it we would find it for a hundred pounds ; and we did, and he paid us. I’m afraid it ain’t done me no good, miss ; I*m too fond of a drop of drink,” • “But how do you connect this with Mr. Raynor?” "Why, like this, miss. I ain’t no scho mr. and I ain’t clever, but talkin’ it over with my mate we come to the conclusion that Alealy Markham had bin doing some thing with that there gun as he was afraid of, and I couldn’t believe as Air. Raynor shot ’is friend, could you. miss ?” “No, I could not. I begin to see the drift of your statement. Go on! go on!” she cried, clasping her hands. “Afy mate, he’s cleverer than me ; ho savs that Alealy Markham must have shot at the , voung gentleman when Mr. Raynor and Mr. i Wilde were coming home from the ‘Stag,’ and Mr. Raynor bein’ made so drunk woke up. and finding himself beside the dead, come to a wrong conclusion, and accused Himself of what he didn’t do.” “Yes, yes. I see—I understand.” "If you could show mo the young g.-.nilc mar.’s gun. miss, I might be able to help you. Mv mate says that Mr. Wilde was netted with a shot like this ’ere, miss, which lodged in ray boot. Job drew out from his waistcoat a small, round shot, "This ’ere,” he said, turning, it over in his grimy palm, "is the feller shot* to tho one which finished off Mr. Wilde Fll swear, and what’s more, it ain’t tho sort of shot Mr. Raynor ever had in his gun, for XVe cleaned it for him afore now, and I know. And if so be as anv one can remember the sort of shot that Mr. Wilde was took off with, and they was to look at this ’on . they might be able to make a pretty good guess at the map as shot the' young gent, . miss.” ■ -Pauline-glanced at the httle piece of lead' and shuddered, She remembered very well the follow one to it, " ; ; " -■-“I-koepit for lucki miBS," cried Job. “Look Into tho little. bra«s v$so behind; you," she cried, “the shot is there. L-saw my father put it in that vase,"' •• ‘ 1 "Your; father, miss?" ' “Yes,- my father was the- doctor at the inquest. Don’t you understand?" Job clumsily emptied tho contents of the brass vessel into Jus hand, and picked out a dull-iooking bullet. He placed tho vase and its contents upon tho table, and, with the air of an export; compared the two pieces of lead. . “That’s the feller to it,” he said, after a moments pause- “They're both tho same boro. They came out of. the Same gun. II you can allow, me Mr. Kaynor’s gnu, miss, 111 bet a lovpl fiver it wouldn’t take cither o#. thorn shots. I .know his gun. I've car ried it afore now. It’s a smaller bore. These came from. Markham’s gun,', a Scotch ’u». If Mr. Phil 'lur'd been, shown this shot lie would have known in a minute that he didn't do it.” v Paulino, overcome with ©motion, sank in to a clmir beside her, . “Heaven grant Hurt you may bo right! There seems to have been a hideous mis take,” (said Pauline. ’‘Poor Phil! what agonies he has suffered. Mr. —I don’t know your name." “Job Cassidy, miss." “You must come and tell all you have told me to' Dr, Marsh. This man Markham lias been swinding and robbing Mr. Raynor, knd Dr.-Marsh is doing his utmost to bring If im to justice. Ho hopes to have him ar reted very shortly. ” .It required very little persuasion to make JoA> promise to assist in unmasking Mark ham. “Ho was made for the gallowa, was Mealy Markham, and he’ll tewing there yet,' he protested as ho loft the house. “I'll come back agin, miss, whenever you want me;” As soon as ho had gone Pauline paced the room excitedly. This new. revelation, coup led with her knowledge of Markham's swindles, supplied such a plausible solution of the whole dreadful business, that she could scarcely trust herself to dwell upon it for fear that when, tho cool brain of Dr. Marsh came to bo brought to boar upon the -subject the whole fabric might crumble and leave but a ruin of disappointed hopes. OHAPTERXXIir, PAULINE TAKES ACTION—MARE HAM IS SHADOWED. “Lor, what a state the young missis is in ! v exclaimed Jimmy, sometime after Job’s mysterious visit. He was sitting on tho kit chen table dangling his legs watching Mar tha maka the pastry. “Sho seems to have given up grieving, and has been ordering mo about all the morning fetching papm and pons and posting letters and five tele grams, and getting newspapers, and Dr, Marsh has been giving mo instructions to loll all tho patients lie’s ‘out.’ Unpcrfes sioual, I call it. There’s something up. He seams to be off his head, going about the house whistling and humming as though there was going to bo a party. And who do you tliiak one of tho telegrams was to T "Lor, how should I know?” said Martha, plumping down a handful of dough. “Mr. Stanmore, asking him to send down iv detovtive at once,” said Jimmy, in a sotemu whisper, “Lor I Ain’t they done, with that dreadful business yet?” said Martha. “Poor Mis? Pauline! it’ll bo the death of her. I can’t get her to eat anything ; nothing will tempt her.” “I don’t know so much about that,” said Jimmy, “she oat up all the biscuits in the dining- room this morning, and she’s been drinking sherry, and Dr. Marsh, has boon drinking whisky, and both of ’em are up there writing away sheet after sheet as though they were writing for a wager to see how many sheets they could cover in a given time. I even see Miss Pauline laugh once.” “Lor, something must have happened. There goes the bell, Jimmy.” “Another patient, I suppose, to be turned away,” said Jimmy, loftily. The caller was not a patient, but a 1’ouglirlookng countryman, who was wel comed eagerly by Marsh, and shown into a side room. Ho was the man employed by Marsh to shadow Markham. “Como in Harris,” ho said, and then as floon as the door was shut, “What news 1” ‘Tvje followed tliat man Markham every where, sir. He was at tho court yesterday, and this morning he has been going about tho town buying, a number of articles of wearing apparel. From appearances 1 1 should say he was getting everything ready to bolt if necessary'.” . * ■ “He mustn’t do that, Harris. I havo fresh information, which puts a different complex i ion on ihe whole business. Raynor is in nocent of the crime of which he has been convicted.” “Innocent,” “Yes; Markham is tho real culprit, we believe. I cannot explain now, there is no time to lose. Markham has a double-bar relled gun of Scotch make up at his house, or had a short time ago, I want you to get possession of it at all costs. Bog, steal, or bribe the servants; do you understand i J You shall be handsomely paid if you can get it. The whole thing rests upon the evidence of that gun. Do you think you can manage it?” “I will do my best, sir.” “And beyond that I want you to go or send up to Mr. Raynor's house and demand in tho name of the police all the guns in the place; then deliver them over to In spector James.” “Very well, sir.” “In any case I want you to be here at nine o’clock to-night to meet a 1 detective whom I expect from town." The man departed to continue his shadowing of Markham. The net was fast closing around the unscrupulous villain, but they had not got him yet. Later a detective arrived, and Pauline put the case before him. “You do not seem to bo able to give' me much to go upon. The bullets of the same bore; a gun hidden in a wood be longing to a rascally lawyer, which seems to have sofno connection with the two bullets. There may be other guns like it, and this man Markham may have other reasons for liiding his gum” The speaker was Detective Inspector Bell, a short, bully-looking man, , very different from the average detective of the story books. In breathless haste Pauline had recounted the events of the last few (lays, her interview with Job Cassidy,- and tho mystery of the bullets, and he had lis tened in stoic calm, carefully checking all enthusiasm. “But you must admit that everything points to this man as the murderer?" asked Pauline. “There is certainly sufficient to make it a matter of suspicion, but there is nothing to warrant an arrest.” “And must tliis scoundrel go free whilst my lover languishes a prisoner in gaol?” she demanded. “It is monstrous. He is innocent; and his suffering may kill him. Oh, can you not.do something?”. , . ■ “About this embesedement' charge—Ms anything being done in that matter?” “Yes, Dr. Marsh and Mr. Stanmore* are in dommunicatiou witli ■ the police. But you are all so slow—you take 'siich'a time about everything.” “Wo dare not arrest people ; too hur riedly, Miss Chester, it would cause us endless trouble.” ■ ; * (To bo continued). The mad dog has os much right to exist ence as the public house, for botli have death in their train. • ' A highwayman money or your Ijqtwrtraffic says:. Your jour ‘life. 