MATRIMONIAL SCHOOL. The Matrimonial School at Chicago has turned out an awful failure. It was started with the idea of making ideal wives and husbands, It has ended by breaking up three homes in a very Bhort space or time. A result or the visit to the School of Matrimony was that both men and women looked for a higher standard in each other. The ideal hus band and the ideal wife were set before them, painted in beautiful colors. Then tliey realised what awful Specimens of husbands or wives they really had. This led to all sorts of awakenings. Instead of idealising each other, the pupils began to analyse each other, and the results were shocking. The three homes were broken np because the wives, in their new enthusiasm, insisted on making their husbands' shirts, and were deter mined that they should wear them. The husbands preferred to leave home alto gether. The general verdict now is that marriage in Chicago cannot be idealised ; aud the last word of the Marriage School is that the old problem may be best Bolved by wife and husband seeing as little as possible of one another. This is very cynical. But when a society that starts with the idea of reforming creation ends in a week with breaking np three homes, it may ho forgiven for feeling a little sore.— Globe, , If we may believe one of the audience at the Navy League meeting at Rotting- dean, whereat Mr. Kipling made a Bpeecn,- the author is not built for an orator. " When," writes his hearer, " he showed face in the schoolroom— it was crowded — his Rottingdean neighbors cheered him mightily, and he blushed like a great kid. When he got up on the platform to speak he was as whito as a ghost. He had evidently learned bis little speech off by heart, and spun it out at a terrific rate. ur course 'an was nervousness, xc scrucK me that hp felt that if he were to hesi tate he would be 1 ist. The Big Englanders will never get Kipling as a platform spouter. He'd collapse at the end of his third meeting. After he h id done speakiog he jumped of the platform, and f<>r fire minutes or so sat fidgeting in his ohair j then suddenly he picked up his overcoat, slung it on bis arm, and bolted from the schoolroom as if somebody had yelled " The roof's giving way 1 " South Africa is a fine field f oY the ad venturess. Some pleasing revelations are coming out abont sundry of the so-called nurses, who are trooping to the Cane. The papers say that at present any woman, providing she can obtain com mand of a hundred pounds or so, can seemingly go to the Cape, wear some sort of a uniform, and call herself a nurse. London has had a grand clearance of some ladies who, if they ha-i remained behind, would have had to face debt and other unpleasantness, it is a lamentable nXrt fhiniia f.hvif. flipso aalf«caaLinrr frauds should be able to masquerade as nurses,' and throw discredit on a pro fession full of noble-hearted' unselfish members. Then the social advertiser is reaping a rich1 harvest by posing aB a " patriotic" writer of stories and ballads, which she buys from a " ghost," and an underpaid ghost At that. Frauds of this character are soon found out ; but tbe society adventuresses, the so called patriotic actresses, and the sham nurses, who are everywhere imposing upon the credulity of the public, and who are merely furthering their own Belfish endB at the expense of patriotism, are a dis tinct cause of danger to society at large. 