WHAT DIVERS SEE- I I had been a boy in tho British Navy said -. Androw Cameron ton writer in tho 'Chicago Inter-Ocean,' hut nt«tho ngo of 18 (tho pre scribed age) I took the position of torpedo ' diver. ] My first real diving experienco was off i Triucomalee, IbIo of Coylon. . The mail- I boat Hankow had capsized, and all hands on | board woro drowned. Tho daughter of the Governor of that island had been to England, and was going home on this ship. ' I was at Singapore at i tho time, and was sent for by Admiral I Ryder, to recover tho mails and bring the bodies bacK. Whou 1 had got up about everything, and all the luggage and bodies I could find I was informed that the Gover nor's daughter was still missing. At last I found hor in a small state-room, | where she had been sitting with her satchel in hor hand, ready to go ashore. I had no thought of finding anyone in the room, as tbe ports were shut, whereas all tho rest of the ports wero open. Upon entering the door, a strong circulating current was caused, and in an instant the life-like body rose at me with a bound. Perfectly dazed, I finally caine to the surface. When they saw me the men cried: ' Scotty has seen a ghost.' When I recovered a little bit, I Baid: ' You had better go down yourself and find the ghost.' Then they told me that my hair was white, and I wont to a glass and saw my hair, which had been very black, had in stantly changed and was half white. I was tho only diver there, so that assoon jisl was ablo I went down and brought up the body. My second diving operation was off the Isle of Wight. ' H.M.S. Eurydice sank and 500 boys and men -werc drowned, only two men having escaped. Your humble servant being at Portsmouth at the time, I was telegraphed to go down and get the bodies, etc. I pro ceeded with the work, raising them by means of a heavy case, with iron binding. Tho work waa at a depth of twenty fathoms, and the sight of tho hatchways leading down to the main deck jammed with, the men, as they had rushed together to get up, was tho vilest I have ever seen. It was necessary to separate them one by ono. and pass them to my mate. The work had to bo done caretully, as thoy would sup away it merely touched. 'We found mon sitting at a table actually writing letters to folks at ; home. I Ono of my experiences aboard the Pene i lope was at Alexandria. Tho Council sent word to Admiral Hornby that there were torpedoes arranged to destroy the fleet. Ono Thursday afternoon tho signal went up for divers to look for torpedoes, this being at tho time of tho bombardment of Alexandria. I went down under fire, and it appeared that I was the only man who reached the bottom. I found a Whitehead torpedo, the most dangerous kind, with fuse attached. I did not know what minute it might go off, but without hesitation I cut tho wire with pincers. For this act £ was awarded a pension for life. My term of service having expired I returned to Bathgate, and went to work in a coal pit. Shortly after 1 received a telegram to pro ceed to Boness, Scotland, and go down a pit and open a trap door in a coal-mine, where eight persons were hemmed in by a torrent of water. Beforo going down I had to get diving gear. I could not get agood dress, but as thero wero lives at stake, I went at a great risk. I got within thirty yards of the victims and cut away at tho door, but I was in absolute darkness, and the rushing water drew me away. I then mamiged to tie myself to a post with the lifo-line, and proceeded. This flood was caused by the water from an old mine near by finding its way to the new one. The boy stationed at tho trap-door where the tubes are iaised had gone to sleep, and the miners, working up an inclined shaft, were not warned of the oncoming flood. As tho shaft filled tho men were cut off from the main shaft, as they could not get over the hutches, the road being very narrow. After going up for a spell, I returned, to find one of the men sitting near a glimmer ing light, and a boy crying. As I approached they both ran back, thinking I was a devil, although I tried to motion to them. I found a spike-nail, and going all tho way out.of tho water, I removed my mouthpiece. This was rather dangerous, as my guido might have drawn me into tho water. When I got it off and talked to them, they wanted, to know what day it was, as thoy had been threo days without food. 1 then went to tho top of the pit and took food to them in a tin can. I opened it with my diving-knife, and gave the men a share. There were hundreds of people at the pit waiting for tho good word, and I think tlie first manly thing I ever did was to bring this little boy on ray shoulder thirty yards through the darkness and water and send him to his mother, where a Dr. Kirk took him in hand. By this time tho water had abated considerably, and I succeeded in get ting all hands out. In three hours moro the water would have filled tho shaft where tho men were located. My greatest feat, which made me the world's record diver, was at Loch Craig, Inverness shire, Scotland. It was where tho embank ment had given way, a coincidence similar to the recent wreck on tho New York Central Railroad. The heavy supply of rain caused ths embankment to subside about six inches, and the rails being off the level, the embank ment gave way and the engine left tho rails and tipped into the water. It was a mineral train, and only the en gine went over, as tho coupling yielded. Drivers failed to go down, as it was 200 feet. I was called from a place culled Dole Bay, where I was working for the Northern Lake Company. I proceeded at once to Bearch for the two bodies; being a Government cer tificate man I had to go. I found f would need longer diving tackle. I had but two 60ft. lengths. When I had got more tubing I went down with the threo lengths, and landed a short distance Iroin the engine at the bottom. I fitted up two iron railway chairs, which I used in making the descent. I sank them to the bottom on a coil of twenty-seven rope, and I had to go up and down it like a monkey. On my first actual descent I landed on the funnel of the engine. I climbed down, and found tho engineer standing with his hand clinched ou the throttle valve. The fireman was standing with such a death-grip upon the hand-break that I touuu it mmuult to get him away. I made them fast to tho line I had with me, and ascended. I reckou I was down thirty minutes. The weight of tho diviug dress is no small item in tho work, the actual weight being 180 pounds to carry about, including 28 pounds on each foot. When I came up I was bleeding at tho nose, * ears, and mouth, as the pressure on my body , was 84 pounds to the square inch, iu addition ! to the outer pressuro of tho water on my ! body. ? ' ? | 