WANTED AN ORGANIZED DE MOCRACY. (To the Editor.) Sir,-Kindly grant me space to re ply to a letter signed 'Co-operator, in your issue of October 5th. What the writer apparently wished to say "was-'Wanted, a rail-sitting party"-a party with two large pockets and a fl*ig beating the words : /For sale to the highest bidder.' It is rather late in the c"r.y to resurrect the 'indepen dent* ghost, especially on acconnt of Mr Philp's latest addition to his poultry farm, in the shape of a Drake, by narce Francis. In all Australia, there are bnt two real parties in ex istence :- (1) The party that be lieves in keeping things as they are; that is content to be governed by dead men's laws-laws made by dead and gone semi-barbarians. With these may be classed "Mr Philp and others of that ilk. (2) The party that be lieved in sweeping away- all dead men's laws, that are not founded on truth and practice to the multitude, the party that would prevent one man from robbing another of his' earnings. The I<abor parties of the different col onies may be classed in this list. It is true that the Zjabor party may be re organised into the Socialist party, t* light for State control of all industry. .There is no donbt that the hour has struck for thai step to be taken. If that were what 'Co-operator* meant by the re-organisation of the party, he would have my hearty co-opera tion. The fighting platform of the Federal Labor party consists of four planks :-(1) Old Age Pensions; (2) One Adult One Vote; (S) Abolition of Colored Labor; (4) Alteration of the Federal Constitution to provide for the initiative, and referendum, In their most liberal forms, and for the easy amendment of the Constitution by the people. This is surely liberal enough for any democrat. Those who can't support it had better shunt at once to the Philp party. The Labor parties of the different colonies will fece the Federal poll as one solid, un ite! party. Those who are returned will form the Federal Labor party In the Federal Parliament. Queensland would simply make a laughing stock of herself by trying to ooganize a rail eitting party for the Federal House. There is no middle course betwee* right and wrong. The keynote of the reform movement is 'justice.' In their platform the Labor party indicate the directions in which reform is requir ed. Candidates of that party are pledged to fight for the reforms indi cated at every opportunity. Every Labor voter is invited to take part in selecting the Labor candidates, by be coming a member of the Workers' Union, or other organized Labor body. Where no branch of the Workers* Un ion exists, People's Parliamentary As sociations are being formed. It is only by selecting 'solid' men, and act ing as one united party throughout Australia that we will be able to estab lish a Federal Labor party worthy the name. Thanking you for space. Yours, etc., PRANK J. POSTER. {To the Editor.) Sir,-In justice to myself, 'wife, said family, I beg to contradict through your valuable paper an erroneous impression which the people of Charters Towers have got hold of. In your issue of the 2-tth of September ?was a report of the meeting held by the Joint Health Com mittee Board in reference to the case of trtibonic plague, which unfortunately broke out In my place or residence, top of SlaJter Sereet, Mount Leyshon Road. In your repdrt of Dr. Voifes' evidence was, the house was filthy. Now, Mr. Editor that little word "filthy" means a world to me. When I mentioned it .to Dr. Vores the following day, he ans wered ms that it was the house itself he was alluding to. To show you thai; he was not alluding to the floors, furni ture or fittings, my little 'oy and myself slept in. the empty hous' on; the night of the 25th, eating our supper and breakfast on the large floor. The reason we had to stay there was this, on SaJbarday, the 2nd my boy eat some mulberites, which made him yery ill; getting gradually worse until Tuesday dinner time: at 1.0 p.m. Dr. Vores visited him and pronounced him out of danger, and en Wednesday morning Dr. Vores called again and I took him home. Now, Mr. Editor, my reason, for writ ing tiiis letter is that I am going to hawk ice creams to-day, and as a IS year's resident on tthe Towers, if not contradicted, will have a detrimental effect upon the business I am launching In THOMAS ROPER, High Street. 