• WHAT THE TOBARiN KM. s,2>oar Sue," the letter ran, “you must 3mve guessed long ago what it is that I am going to ask you. Our friendship is ■one of many years* standing, and ever cilnce I came back from college last sum xner Hint friendship has come to mean something more. Sometimes I have felt «are that you guessed my secret, but I Siave hesitated to tell you, for I am so unworthy of you and have had so little to offer In return for the great thing I <ask. for. "I cannot wait any longer. I must know where I stand. Can you love me, Sue? Can you consent to be my wife? I 2ove you so dearly, and if I get the ap pointment x spoke of to you yesterday wc would have enough to start .on at 3east. YouY father says he is willing it .■you are. I can’t ask poetically, as some bellows might, hut my love is sincere and I <true, and if you can brihg yourself to j say yes you will make me very, very Iiappy. I shall wait impatiently for an ■answer." The letter was signed, “Devotedly yours, Tom.’’ She was sitting in the ■sunny bay window of her bedroom as she .read it, and smiles and tears struggled *or supremacy on her sweet face. She was a motherless girl, the only child of a devoted father, and she loved this Tom very dearly. Indeed, she could scarcely remember when she had not loved him, •and now at last what she had secretly ‘longed for in her dear little maidenly heart had come to pass. Tom wanted her to be his wife. As she sat down to write her answer 3ier heart sang, but her pen could not be persuaded to put In glaring black and white the loving thoughts of the writer, and after several unsuccessful begin nings which were promptly consigned to the fire, she wrote: * "'Dear Tom : Come and have a cup of tea with me to-morrow at 4 o’clock.— "Yours, SUE.’* She sent this off,, feeling quite sure that Tom would understand that this meant “Yes." The next day she was busy all the ■anorning with some charity work in •which, she was deeply interested, but when 4 o’clock came she was at home .daintily gowned, trying to look the calm mess whch she did not feel as she waited Jar her lover. Every sound on the street drew her to the window — she peeped out hetween the curtains at least a dozen times—but it was a false alarm each time. Half an hour passed—three-quar ters—still no Tom. Her heart sank like lead. Perhaps something had happened to him; some accident. Perhaps—and mow the blushes covered her cheeks-per haps it had all been some joke and he didn’t really love her. "Well, thank good ness, she hadn’t said much to Incriminate ierself in that, letter. But, oh, how was .she ever going to stand it? And here the pretty, face took refuge in her pocket handkerchief, there to remain' until the announcement of dinner forced her to much rubbing with cold water and eau do cologne in order to get her swollen lids Into anything like their normal condition. Her father noticed that something was ;amiss and blundered Into it by saying : 4*What took Tom off in such c. hurry? He , took the afternoon train to Boston. Must have been something out of the ordinary." She managed to murmur something al- ; airost indistinguishable about “guessing St was some business matter’’ and the moment dessert was^gjver ran to her room to argue witlj^j^yr own fears. “Of course, he was caller away suddenly— .that was it. I shrdl hear from him to morrow, explaining all about It,” and she : • went to sleep that night much comforted^ Nevertheless, five days elapsed and no < •word came from the delinquent lover. , Finally poor little Sue made up her 1 mind that he had seen her affection for 1 him and had been simply trifling with her, so she made a mighty effort to put _ him out of her mind entirely. ■ She tried to go about her usual duties 1 as bravely and cheerfully n.s heretofore, 1 and a few days after this found her one 1 .afternoon the centre of a merry' little group of girl friends, sitting around the c pleasant fire chatting cosily. One or two 1 cf them had tried putting some leading questions to her about Tom Fielding, but I she answered them with so fine an as- ■ sumption of unconcern that they decided 1 that "there -was nothing in that affair after all." Finally when they had con- \ dided to each other all the secrets they * knew and gossip began to languish, Sue euggested to Marjorie Flanders that she ■ start the kettle going, so that they might 1 have a cup of tea. One of the other girls 1 started to expedite operations by putting the tea in the teapot, but when she open ed the tea caddy—a grinning little man darin whose head served as the lid to the ; tea caddy', she discovered a little folded < •wisp of paper inside the quaint little ; Sigurc. She pulled It out and, without thinking, began to unfold it, when sud denly a line of writing in pencil caught her eye. “My own dear Sue," that was all she saw. “Oh, girls—see here—see here—a love letter of Sue’s in the tea caddy. I 1 though she had a secret." "What do you mean?" said Sue, jump ing up, pale as a ghost. “Now don’t you wish you knew?" be 3jan her friend, but when she looked at Sue’s white imploring face she realised * that this whs no time for teasing and handed her the letter without further parley'. Sue ran to the window and by the fad ing light she saw a rough page from a note book on which was scrawled in pencil the following words: “My Own Dear Sue: Your little note has filled me with such a sweet hope that l‘m filled with disappointment at not JindJng you in, but -I got a telegram tell ing me to cpme to Boston this afternoon. That means the appointment and that in Sts turn means, you, and one cozy little home if your note meant what I hope it did. - I hoped to find you at home .this anoming, but your stupid housemaid doesn’t know where you are. To make .sure that you get this I’m going to con Jflde it to the safe-keeping of the man darin, for I know you will open him to get your tea. 'Write to me at. once, darling, care Blank & Co^, Boston, and tell me in plain English what my answer 3a. It may be two weeks before I could hear it from your lips.—Yours ever, ' • • “TOM.** - „ “Ob, , you wretched little mandarin/' cried Sue, “to think that you had known about this all these days and never so ■ much os winked!" and-then, of course, the girls had to be told all about it! and ; this Sue did, with many blushes. Then they' all insisted that she sit right down 1 and write her answer to the letter that : yery minute. / tlie meantime there was an anxious 1 • and unhappy young-man in Boston. He 3 ! . ;) Watched the mails and pestered the post- \ !.v'_. tuau till that worthy, crossed the street ** , .. ; 'jvhonever he saw Tom’s form approach- * Wi,hLat■;$K'anxiety;■ reached1 such- • • $urVV.'; ’’ , point ,1that -the,very, moment that Sue 4 vWfof* writing her answer a .telegram'was . frrougUt^lh Joying: ; ‘Have you opened^ r«:*t«• fr>\>\■ ■' ihe .mandarin lately? Pleaee answer. i | • : x;.'V-Vvv , *{ TTow the girls all laughed! Thetele- ‘ ( • grajn vrhleh answered Tora’s Anxious query lias never; been made known to1 X/: ihe public, but its general tenor\ indy he ’ :sbejBpOd • by:, tber’ ;that it,/1 was ac-';. ' 1 -i^rrf£anied. by five other telegrams of , congratulation, each a perfect master piece of veiled allusion, Mr and Mrs Tom Fielding have been living for some months in a pretty little apartment in the Back Bay region In Boston—and If you look in a little cabi net In which they keep their dearest treasures you wll sec, standing proudly on a carved tenkwood stand., with a most inscrutable smile on his face, their household fetish, the mandarin. 