THE STATION OWNER. [Bt F, M. Ibby.] CHAPTER.'!. Miss Vance ?' . The girl left standing alone on tho ljttle, country platform, looking wistfully after the train ifeit dis appeared round u. curve in the line, turned quickly to meet the searching gaze of a pair of merry, dark eyes that were looking down into hors with some surprise. This was certainly not the MisB Vance Christian Arehdale had expected to meet. When his step mother askudhim to take tho buggy to tho railway station and drive the new governess home he had dimly pictured to himself a person with grey hair and spectacles, of uncertain age, and temper, like the last. But there could be no mistake : only one passenger had left the train, this fair, dainty little figure with sweet, tremulous lips and soft grey eyes... ' Mrs. Arehdale sent me to meet you. I — I sup pose you are Miss Vance ?' a shadow of doubt still lingering in his voice. She answered shyly in the affirmative, and looked at him questioningiy. ' I am your pupil's brother,' he said, smiling, as he answered the unspoken questioning of her eyes. ' I must get your luggage, for we will take it with us.' She blushed a little at being understood so easily and turned away to identify her two small boxes. No hard task, for there was nothing else there but a bag of potatoes. 'I am sorry you had tho trouble of coming to meet me,' -she said. 'I could havo walked. I am fond of walking.' ' Ten miles f he interrupted, gravely— 'it is ; a long walk, even for one of your abilities. And may I venture to inquire' if you intended to carry your luggage with you. Will you get in, MiBS Vance; the horses don t like standing.' ! She was not a bush girl, and the novelty of hor surroundings delighted hor. She was' glad_ Mr. Arehdale did not talk much, but loft her at leisure to look about, and when she grew tired of admiring the scenery and gazing along the rough, unmade road that gleamed so wliitely through the trees and seemed to lead to no wliere^ or watching, with deepest interest, the flocks of little green paroqueots sucking honey from the strong, sweet smelling flowers on the stringy bark trees that shaded the road, she stole two or three furtive glances at hor companion. ? He was scarcely handsome, but there was a manly strength about him that attracted her, and sho was still looking at him, with almost as deep interest as she had lookod at tho birds, when he turned to her with a sudden, quizzical look that made her feel uncomfortably that ho know exactly what her thoughts had been. 'Aro you cold?' he asked. ' I should have thought ' of it beforo ; it always grows cool hero towards evening, and you feel it more whon you are driving. Didn't you. bring ' a cloak, or rug ol any sort, with you t It is easy Co seo tnat you are not an old traveller.' Holhad wrapped his own cloak around her while ho spoko, despite hor protests.' 'I expect you are hungry,' too?' he continued, smiling a little. ' I suppose you wore afraid to leave tlio train to get -anything to eat, for fear it should go on without you.' Sho was young enough to resent being laughed at and treated like a child, and would rather have died than acknowledged that ho had hit upon the truth. So she said bIio was not at all hungry, and did not speak again until Mr. Arclidalo pointed through a broak in tho trees with his whip, saying in liis rich, pleasant tones : ' Hero we are at last, and I daresay you ijro not sorry to seo tho end of your journey. 'Oh! what a pretty place 1' cried Miss Vanbe, with a Hush or excitement rising in hor palo onceKs. I. had no idea that it would bo like this.' , ' The young man looked at tho old stone houso, overgrown with treoB and creepers, with proud affection ; it looked quite romantically picturesque with its background of rugged hills, brilliant just I now as tho last' rays of tho sotting sun gleamed on their spring dress of golden wattle and lighted up a ' broad- , creek, shining like a silver pathway -thiouali-iJia-vallay, ;But it waei nothing now to him ; no had lived there au ffirinorovury-ntiak and . stone about tho place was dear to him, and.lie was pleased by the girl's unfeigned delight. ; ' Open the gate, John, he called to an elderly man who was chopping wood. ' What a queer old man !' ' You aro not frightened of him, aro you P' ' No,' doubtfully. « ' Ho is as mad as a March haro, poor old chap !' said Christian. .'Is ho? Oh, why do you keep him here t' 'Ho has always lived herd. He camo out to the country with my father; but he got a sunstroke Boon after tlioy landed, and completely ' lost liis memory. Ho is very queer at times ; but wo are all very fond of poor old John. Will you got out hero, Miss Vance. Walk straight up this path and you will find tho hall door.' : , Several doga rushed out on to the oreoper covorod verandah, barking furiously at tho stranger, and two childron pooped shyly from behind a hodgo of monthly rosoB, nut whon she would have spokon to thorn thoy ran away. She stood wondering what sho had bettor do, for there was neither bell nor knookor on tho open door. Christian had driven round to the stables, and.sho could see no one el so about j however, tho noiso made by tho dogs soon brought a very stout girl in a vory short frook to tho French window. Sho stared hard. at_ the stranger, and tlion, aa if struck by a sudden idea; oxolannod, 'If that's you, Miss Vanco, you'd host come inside, for it's closo on tea-time.' Feeling vory muoh inclined to run away, or cry; or do something equally doBporato, poor Mary accepted tlio .invitation and followod tho port nurse girl into a . largo dining-room, whoro a housemaid, wIiobo face beamod with good nature, was sotting wie tauio ior von. ' Jane, is Miss Vance's room ready, 'cause herd she ia,' said tho stout girl, dropping into a oliair, with hor elbows on tho table, staring at Mary. 'Good evening, Miss. You must bo tired. Of course the room's roady, Sal.' ' Vory well, then. 'You'd best show hor whoro it is. She'll loso her way if sho goes by horself.' , 'Now do oloar out, Sal ; it's timo you brought tho oliildren in, and you oan soo about a oup of tea for Misa Vance, too.';Miv and Mrs. Arehdale liavon'-t got home yot,.Miss; thoy .had to go, ovor. to the Erin's placo on business, and they thought they'd bo bajlc beforo you caino, but.l Bupposo ;somothing lcopt tliom. ' Soo, this* is your ropni, on tho baok verandah.' Part' of the house was of muoh oldor dato than tho othor, built of slab, with ahinplo roof and calico oeiljngs. Jano pointed out this fact, saying, 'I hope you won't bo frightonod at night, for tlio 'possums mako a. fearful noiso up thoro. I often thought it was ghosts till I got UBod to it.' Tlio room was, largo, and comfortably furnishod. To 'Mary it lookod luxurious. /'Oh! old John lias brought your boxoB already, 1 seo. Xiiey always uross a hotio in imo uvuniugs, but thoro is plonty of timo, so you can havo a rest first,' \ Loft all alone, Mary sat down on one of ;lior boxoU— that being tho only familiar. tiling in tlio room, and oried. Then, for she had a koon sense of humour, tho'comioal aide of hor reception struok lior, and sho laughod instoad, and fooling muoli ; bettor bo (ran unpaokiug hor boxos. But It was useless to look for an ovoning dross. Sho V.ad not known boforo that station pooplo are gonorally far more partioularthan tlioir city couaius about dress ing for dinner. Sho oould only faston an, old lace scarf round tho nook of hor black dross, and taking two or tliroo whito rosobuds from a vaso that Btood on tlio drosding-tablo pinnod tliom ainongBt tho soft lace at lior throat. ' _ , Jano's undisguisod admiration on hor return toBtifled to tho good rosults, ' Why, I doolaro^ Miss, you're ovor so much prottior than' Miss Hilda!' ' | 'Miss Hilda! Is that Mrs. Arohdalo'fl daughter P' asked Mary, who know nothing whdtovor 'Of .tho family in wliioli alio now found lioraolf. , 'Oh, no ! Not yet.' ' And Jano noddod and smiled mysteriously. 'Misb Hilda 1b Mr. Erin's ()aughtor. You'll know all about lior soon.' And with this Mary had to bo eontonfc. ' i Thoro was a solitary figure in tho largo drawmg room, standing undortho light of tho lamp, reading a letter. Ho turnod round as sho came Into tlio - room, looking at hor In a. puzzlod way _ from under his blaok, bushy oyobrows. ' Why, if b MIbs Vanco, I suppose 1 Ifow do you do ! You must pardon .mo for staring at you, but you aro riot exootly what our mutual frjond, Mrs. 'Wilson, lod us to suppose when alio wroto about you.' , . . v 1 'Viv'. He took her hand and shook it good-naturedly, while he closely scrutinised her, and getting over her first feeling of shyness she returned his gaze. He was a tall, powerfully built man, with a face attractive for its peculiarities, and only redeemed from plainness by its great strength ; lie looked as though no obstacle was too great to be overcome by his ambition. He had lived here so long, owner of all that his eye could reach, and for many a mile further, tho richest man in the district, living on so much grander a scale than any of his neighbours, and so bowed down to by rich and poor, that no wonder his spnse of his own importance was great, or that he had grown to regard himself in the light of a small king. ' Oh ! hero comes Mrs. Arehdale,' he continued. 'Clara, hero is Miss Vance thinking of running n.way already, she is so alarmed by finding that we live so very far from civilization.' A very handsome, graceful woman, many years younger than hor husband, with simple, unaffected manners, glided into the room, holding out her hand, with a smile. _ ' Ah ! I hopb not, though I am sure your recep tion was enough to frighten you ; but unfortunately we wore detained much later than we thought we would be. I hope Jane saw that you had every thing you wanted.' And, as Mary answered in the affirmative, Chris tian came into the room, and the bell rang.. CHAPTER II. At Beven o'clock next morning Mary was awak ened by tho clanging of a ? great bell, and looking round tho room she wondered for a few minutes where she was, until tho stiffness in her limbs re minded her of her long and unaccustomed journey the day before. She drow up the blind and' found that from her window there was a glorious' view over a perfect sea of hills, Imd while she was still rejoicing over thiB discovery there was a tap at the door, and in came two little girls. For a moment they hesitated in the doorway, looking frightened, and finally, somewhat reassured by observing that the new governess loolcod almost as muoh alarmed as they did themselves, advanced and hold up thoir faces to be kissed. 'Mamma sent us,' began the eldest, a miscliief loving-looking little person of eight. ' She th ought you would be vory tired still, and wants-to know if you would like to havo your breakfast in bod this morning P' 'Oh ! no, dear ! I'll get up at once. What time do you have breakfast P' said Mary, quite aghast at such an idea. As far as pho could remember sho had not had breakfast in bed since sho had the measles. , 'That was the breakfast bell rang sometime ago, but I'll toll mamma you're getting up, and we'll keep you some.' And hand in hand they vanished as quietly as they had come, and Mary dressed as' quickly as she could, and found her way around the wide verandah1 to wlicro Mrs. Arehdale, in the dining room, smiled and nodded to her through tho opon French windows. There was no sigh of either Christian or Mr. Arclidalo; Mrs. Arehdale and the little girls had evidently waited for hor. ' I thought you would be tired, so I did not let them wake you earlier,' said Mrs. Arclidalo, as she apologised for her late appearance. ' I hope you will like living in the bush ; Mrs. Wilson mentioned when Bhe wroto to me about you that you had always been accustomed to town life.' ' Oh ! I'm sure I Bliall like it if it is always like this,' said Mary, so enthusiastically that Mrs. Arehdale laughod. » ' Wo aro ? not qjiito so isolated as you might imagine. Wo havo several neighbours : the Erins live scarcely five miles off, and thoro aire three families less than thirty miles away. I am expect ing Miss Erin over this morning; she is going to stay with us for a fow weeks wliilo. hor father and motlior tare a'fray. I've beon thinking that if sho .comes in good time wo might take our dinner to tho river and havo a sort of picnic, and fish, for the men havo gone to look at some cattle at the othor side of the run and won't bo homo till evening.. Wo will tako Sarah with us to keep the children from tumbling into tho wator or getting bitton by snakes or deathadders.' 'But. what about their' lessons,' .asked Mary, thinking the plan sounded dolightful. 'Oh ! I think wo must have a week's holiday, just to. lot you grow acquainted with one another,' said Mrs. Arolidole. 'I believe I liear a horse cantering now. Miss Erm was going to ride over ; thoy will send hor luggage in a cart later on.' Sho wont out on to the verandah as she spoke, and mot Hilda running up the wooden stops — a tall, dark, liandsomo girl, just like some brilliant, tropical flower, whoso vivid beauty makes all tho othor flowers in tho garden look pale and insignifi cant by contrast. ' This is Miss Vanco, Hilda,' said Mrs. Arehdale, kissing tho girl offectionatoly'and drawing her into the dining-room. Hilda looked pleased, and hold out hor hand, saying frankly, 'I am so glad to see you, Miss .Vanco. Do you know there is no othor girl but mo for thirty miles, so I expect wo shall becomo groat friends.' Thon, in answer to a question from Mrs. Arehdale, 'Oh ! uncle Tom canio with mo. He iB .such :a good-natured old tiling, you know, that I oasily persuaded him to givo up his work in order to bring mo over early,' and sne laughed a littlo and pointed with hor riding-whip to whoro a man was coming through tho treos. I think there is no moro untidy animal in tho .world than tho average, well-educated Englishman in adverse circumstances. '? Ho seems to think it absolutely necessary to set tho outward and visiblo Bign of failnro upon his baok, whore a woman would Borimp arid sorow, and almost starve, rather than that her neighbours should pityingly obsorve that she could'no longer afford a now dross. TJnclo Tom was no. oxception to this rule, and in nis moiosKins noa onoe oeen wmto, nis grey shirt, and battered cabbago-troe hat, with bowie knifo and rod cotton handkeroliiof in tho strap at liis waist, his costuino would havo boon no disgrace to a swagman who had boon tramping for twelvo months; or ho might easily have boon taken for an Australian squatter of English cheap atory-booics, ? .only lie was an Englishman himself. Poor Unold Tom had boguri'lifo bo ..well that it scomod impossible that ho could turn out anything but a.brilhant . success in^vhatovor path of lifo he cliosd to follow; '''But unfortuiiatoly lid had orip fail ing, wliioli, added to indecision of oliaractor.' proved his ruin, and\wlienevor ho appearod to be getting on so well that his relations thought ho was gottin f off thoir hands at last, it would drag him do.wn again, arid lio had 'grown poorer, and pooror, and gradually became tho most miserable old wreck^it was possible to see, and yet bo jolly, always, and so sanguino of hotter times ahead, and so good-natured that ho would give away his last ponny, until' at last lio had driftod to liis brother-in-law's Btation, whore, if, ho did-no good, ho yot, as Hilda always said, could do no harm. ' John tolls mo Mr. Arolidale won't bo home till night,' said unolo Tom, regrotfully, aftor being introduced to Mary, arid staring so -hard tluit alio grow quite norvous. ' I've boon fossioking about a littlo in .my spare -timo, and I'vo got two nuggets I'd like liim to see.' 'Nuggets!' .Oh,! whoro?' oried Mary, with visions of something similar- to tho 'Wolcoino Strangor' boforo hor mind's oyo. r Ho oporiod a match-box lio had carried in his hand all tho time, and omptying tho contents into tho palm of hia hand displayed with tho ? groiitost prido two tiny specks of ' gold' about the ais5o''of a pin's head, and looked so proud and Bhowod suoli fear of 'losing tliom that no.ono dared to laugh. . 'Do you know tho old silly thinks ho iB going.to mako a fortune out of hia gold discovery,' said Hilda, with a ripplo of laughter, as ho wont away, atill hugging his matchbox; 'And ho has actually got hold of some man who is uaod to mining and porsuadod 'him to havo, a look at hia find. Oh I I want you to boo' that , man, /Mra. Arolidale ; ho rominua mo of Bomoono.l know quite well, and yot I can't tliink who it ia. Sarah's mother noticed it too. Oh! by tlio by, slio wantB to know if Sarah may go homo noxt Thursday ; thoy aro going to liavo- a danco. Sarah ia , tho dauglitor of ono of our stookmon,' Hilda explainod to Mary/ 'and Sarali'a niothorisone of tlio most wondorful womon in the world. Th'oro'a nothing sho can't do,1 Do ?ou know, Mrs, Arolidale, sho mado sovon,' pairs of rousora for littlo Jaok out of my, 'old riding-habit; and tlioro ia , nothing, alio can't mako ,uso of.,, I. bolibv'o if I offored Sarah's motlior a whito elophant' alio would audio placidly and say ' Thank you, Miss, it , will como in juoely for tho ohildron/' 'i Mrs. Arehdale laughed, and said 'I don't object to the elephant, Hilda, but I am going to beg that you will suppress your worn-out evening dresses in future. I thought Christian would nevor stop laughing when he found Sarah, at half -post six one morning, lighting the dining-room fire in your old pink satin. I wonder where old John is ? I must ask him to have the buggy ready for us by twelve o'clock. This is Margaret's birthday, Hilda, so we are going to celebrate it by picnicking at the river, where we can spend our time mostjjrofitably, craw fishing. I cut up one of my best mosquito curtains to make nets with, for neither the children or I can pull them out of the water quickly enough without. I'll lend you one of my skirts, as you cannot walk about in that, and then I'll ask you and Miss Vance to cut some sandwiches while I pack the cake, which is a marvellous specimen of human ingenuity.' It was a very gay little picnic, and the bucket they took with them was half filled with a strug gling mass of crawfiBh,one of which pinched Mary's fingers with its sharp claws. _ There were various other accidents: the bottle of milk broke and leaked all over the cako, thereby reducing it to an unpleasantly sodden state ; and Hilda, standing on a stone clutching at a branch that grow over the water, and drawing it towards her so that she could look into a bird's ne3t, loBt her balance and fell in with a splash, and had to spend the rest of the afternoon barefoot, while her shoes and stockings were laid on a rock to dry. Late in tho evening, when the sun was sinking out of sight behind the liillB, leaving a faint reflec tion of dancing light to paint the water yellow and gold, and everyone waB gathering up the fragments of the feast, reluctant to go home, Christian joined them, and Mary noticed the glad light in his eyes when he saw Hilda there. He stopped hor, as they were all scrambling into the buggy — 'If you are not tired, Hilda, walk home with me.' And Bhe stayed, with a brighter colour in her face, and a slight trembling of the hand that she raised to brush the dark curls back from her forehead. ' I suppose you know what I wiBli to toll you, dear P' he said, presently. ' You must know. I have eared for you so long that there scarcely seems any need to tell you of my love.' She wondered if she really cared for him. Ho was richer than any other man she knew, and she told herself she would be a fool to refuse him, besides she thought she must care for him, -he was so fond of hor, and she told him so. ?no uruw ner cioseiy to nim, oniy saying - xou have made me very happy ; and they will all be so glad, dear.' ^ CHAPTER III. ' There's a horrid tramp.' Hilda peeped over Mrs. Archdale's shoulder. 'A tramp ! Why, that is uncle Tom's prospector.' ' Oh !' said Mrs. Arehdale, laughing. ' I sup pose that must be the man Sarah has talked about so much since sho went home last Thursday.' ' What has he come for, I wonder ?' said Hilda, continuing hor sewing, placidly. ' I hope uncle Tom does not want me to go home.' But the man had come on business of his own. Ever since lie, first heard the name of the adjoining station owner ho had been making inquiries about him, and, now, quite satisfied that he had known Mi\ Arehdale beforo he came to Australia, had decided to ask him for the help he needed, knowing, of old, that gentleman's goodnature arid generosity. Old John was sweeping up leaves on the path, and he went up to him, asking if Mr. Arehdale was in, and could see him ; and then, as John's vacant face looked up into his, smiling uncomprehendingly, ho started as though he had been shot, and leaning up against a tree, stood staring at the poor old man with dazed, horror-stricken eyes. 'Oh, dear! he will nover mako old John under stand what he wants. I wonder whore Sarah is ?' said Mrs. Arehdale, rising from her seat. ' Shall I go P' asked Mary, putting down her work. ?; I intend to keep out of the way,' Hilda ex claimed, laughing. 'If uncle Tom has sent for me, . Miss Vance, be sure you say that I have gone to bed with a bad cold, and that the doctor says I must on no account venture out for a fortnight.' Tlioy all laughed lightheartedly, not one of them dreaming how this man, who might havo been taken for a hard-working stockman, would alter all thoir dostiniee, and Mary wont down the vorandah steps, with little Margaret clinging to her hand, to ask him if ho wished to soo Mr. Arehdale. ' Aro you his daughter ?' ho asked, bluntly. _ 'No; this is Miss Arehdale,' she answered lightly, pushing the little girl forward, and notic ing, wiwi surprise, now curiously nis eyes scanned the i child's face. And then ho appeared to recollect' himBelf and asked if he could seo Mr. Arehdale. Mary_ pointed to his office. 'The door is opon, and ho is in there, writing, I expect,' she said, ex pecting that ho would go at once. 'Tho old fellow is queer, in his head?' — ho noddod towards John, who was pulling rosos to pieces, and strewing tho bright petals on tho newly rakod path, contemplating his work with childish glee. 'Yes, poor John ! but ho is such a dear old man, always so gontlo and ready to do anything for us,' said Mary, fancying tho man was rather alarmed by John's eccentricities, i 'A sunstroke — just after ho came from England, perhaps, MissP' continued tho man, and as she nodded in reply, thanked her, and calling to his thin yellow dog, who was. chasing tho young chickens, touched liis hat and wont to soo Mr. Arolidale, leaving Mary a littlo mystified by the previous knowledge of John, implied by Iub last question, until, remembering Sarah, imagined that she had told him. As sho returned to tho verandah, Christian came out of the house with tho letters a man had just brought. ' ' ' Two for you, Hilda,' he said with a smile, put ting tliom into tlio girl's outstretched hand, ' and ono for me — from England. Miss Vance, your cor respondents havo f orgottou you to-day.' Ho soatod himself by his step-mothers side, and having road liis lottcr gave it to her. : ' You see alio still wants father to go home to England for a visit. As alio -says, thoro are only tho, two of thom left now, and it is quite timo that old family quarrol was forgotton.' I Mrs. Arehdale shook her head doprecatlngly, ' It is no use trying to persuade him to go, Chris-, tian; you know what an .obstinate man ho is.' Then, becoming awaro that Hilda's oyos wore fastoned on- her, curiously, slio added, in a higher tone, ' I woridor if you could make him listou to reason,' Hilda. I bolievo lie takes moro notico of what you' say to, him than of any of us.' ? 'Indeod l but boforo I undertake tho office of modiator I must know a* littlo more about it.' Mr. Arclidalo may have very good reasons for doclining to go and soo his old sister, for all I know to tho contrary.' ' My dear Hilda, I know vory littlo moro than you do ; in faot I know nothing, but that whon my i'atlior was qiiito a young man ho -had a violent quarrol with hi9 father and oldest sistor, and lie loft England, .accompanied by old John. A gentleman my grandfather know in this couiitry had instruc tions to buy him a station and settle him on it, also to givo him a hundred a year, which allowanco was continued right up to tho timo of my grandfather's' death, though ho hadn't much need or it thon ; but whon thoy would havo recalled him from banish mont ho refused to go, and beyond an occasional letter, chiefly restricted to business, ho lias had nothing furthor to do with thom, though ho has always encouraged irib to writo.' 'I must aay I should like to know what it was all about,' musod Mrs. Arolidalo, ' but your father nover will talk of that time, Christian.' 1 ' Hia pooplo belpng to a vory old family, don't tlioy?' aakod Hilda, 'and your aunt'ahouao ia a lovely old' place P— it will bo youra pf 'courBO, as sho has no otlior nopliow.' 6 ' ' You would like to live thoro P' Christian aakod, amiling. ' 1 Butshotookno notico of tho romark, and con tinued, in hor funny, abrupt way s ' Ella Walkor know aoino people who lived near thom, and thoy told hor that the Arolidalea woroonoof tho proudost families in England,' , , , ' ' \ With uriuBual taot Hilda refrained from mention': irig that common report statod that tho reason John Arolulalo had boon bauiahod from his homo waa becauso of hia avowed intontion of 'marrying a protty liousomaid. Sho laughod a littlo, to lioraolf, na alio tapped hor foot On tho verandah, and thought how bIio and Elja had vainly tried to pjoturd Mr. Arolidalo, with, his high and mighty notions of hia own valuo in this world; in lovo, with a housemaid. . ?' Evidently lio tyeriofitod greatly by the ohango of air,' alio murmurod, aoftly, looldng from hia boau tiful wifo, in through tho opon window, to whoro the largo' portrait 'of Christian's motlior hung ao conspicuously ovor tho firoplaoe. CHAPTER IV. Mr. Arehdale looked up from hia work at the sound of a strange footstep pausing in the doorway. 'Good afternoon. Do you want anything P' he exclaimed in his rough, genial way. The man nodded shortly, keeping his gaze on tho floor, the more determinedly because he saw that Mr. Arch dale's eyes persistently sought hiB face, and that several times he passed his hand over his brow, with ' a puzzled look, as though trying vainly to remember when and where he had seen Jiim beforo. ' You are after work, I suppose ?' he continued, but a sickening conviction -was also forcing itself upon him, and his face had turned to an ashen grey. By the strongest exertion of his groat will power he pulled himself together again. ' There is nothing at all I can give you to do ; I have more l men employed already than are needed.' The Wiptt & looked _up now, and a peculiar expression passed''^ over his face. Mr. Arehdale rose suddenly, and going to thi window threw it open, as though the room had grown unbearably close. . A half smile parted the other's lips. 'I see you have not quite forgotten me,' he said, in insolently drawling tones. ' My God !' Mr. Arehdale groaned, putting up his hand as if to avert a blow. 'You've changed a good deal, but I know you at once,' the man continued. 'You've not altered a bit. Will.' ' Well I must say you take it pretty coolly,' said tho man, half admiringly, , 'When one has seen the sword of Damoclos hanging over one's head for thirty years, it is almost a relief to feel it fall,' lie answered, with a sigh. ' ' Is your mother — I suppose she is not with you P' Mr. Arclidnle had outwardly regained his compo sure, but his hands trembled still, as though he had the ague, and liis voice was dry and hard. A sudden fierceness came into the man's face. 'How could it interest you, a grand gentleman who doesn't know what poverty means, tc know how I scrimped nnd screwed so that wo could keep body and soul together. I was only a lad of four teen, you'll remember, and oh ! it was a hard time for both of us starving there, and waiting for the help my sanguine brother promised us. But it ' wasn't for long ; she died soon after Mr. Arehdale told her the fate of her favourite son.' Ho got up iiu ui ins bkuu uuu wiiiKuu aoouttno room. / ?? j. will see you again soon,' ho said ns he was leaving. Mr. Arclidalo hold out his hand, but tho other man put his behind him with a shrug of hiB broad shoulders, and left the room with an insolent little nod. Left alone, Mr. Arehdale buried his face in his hands, and when he raised it it had grown so hag gard and old as to be scarcely recognisable to those who had known tho cheerful, genial station owner. ' It will come all right,' he muttered, in aBtupid. way. ' Ho dare not push mo too far. Christian must marry Hilda; tho girl's money will save us. Christian must never come to wlint. Ho must never know.' ? William Snow was almost mad on tho subject of mining. For years ho had longed to speculate on a largo scale, not with tho hope of gain but from a simple lovo of gambling ; and now luck had thrown a chance in his way. Ho had not a penny of his own, but he miidc up his mind to use Mr. Archdale's fortune. ? . ' Good heavens ! do you want to ruin me P' Mr.. Archdalo cried, when the whole mad scheme had been expounded to him. ' You won't, then ?' and the man's determined face grow dark. ' Yes ! yes ! I promise to raise all tho money you.. want. Do what you like with it; but remember that if you fail I am a ruined man.' Aftor thin one feeble protest Mr. Arclidalo mado no 'further ? demur ; but no greater torturo could have been devised for this shrewd, keen-witted business man than having to stand passively by whilst tho savings of years wero used by another man to gratify his manirt! for speculating. He could seo well enough that Snow's invest ments wero anything but safe, but he darod not romonstrate with this man who had him so com pletely und-}r hia thumb, and these additional anxieties preyed upon hiB health. Indeed lie no longer seemed to have any will of his own, at all ; ho allowed his money to bo flung about and mado ducks and drakes of without a murmur; the only thing for which ho any longer cared was to keep all knowledge of all this from his son. He sold a number of cattle at a great sacrifice, to provide ready money ; already he had an alarming over draft at the bank; but still tho ruthless human vampire was not satisfied,, and when ho mot with losseB tho moro insntiablo became hia craving to gamble with fortune. And as the months wont by the Btation owner, so short a timo beforo tho richest ajid tlio proudest man in the district, became agod and bowted, his pomposity of mannor had given way to a shrinking fearfulnoss, and his fortune was becoming so undermined that it needed but tlio slightest touch to send it with a crash, crumbling to dust and ruin. CHAPTER V. All this timo Hilda camc and wont ; sho had always looked upon the placo as a socondhome, and would arrive unexpectedly at all sorts of strango hours, and stay for weeks at a thno. Sho was very fond of Mary, who with hor quiet gentleness had grown doar to them all. And her friendship was tho hardest thing in Mary's life to boar, for all Un consciously tlio poor girl had learnt to caro for Christian with all the passionate love of which hor warm young heart, was capable; and whon Hilda would como to hor with hor confidences, talking of tho lovely old homo in England that would ono day bo hors, saying how glad sho was that Christian was so rich, for that sho riovor could have married a poor man, it was almost too muoh for Mary's endurance. In vain slid tried to smother hor feel ings; nothing could m'ovo' this weight of trouble and sorrow from her breast ; alio nover could lovo him loas, and tho futuro lookod full of darkness. ' It would not bo so hard if alio wero mdrd worthy of him,' slio would moan '-at night; wlion no one oould aeo, or guess hor secret griof. ' But sho is so selfish ; she does not caro for him at all ; slio only cares for what he has ; she can novor lovo liim as I do.' And then alio would bo ovorcomo by a Bwift ropontanco for this disloyalty to Hilda, who had always beon so kind a friond to hor. But on one point she had fully l'nado up her mind. , Sho would leave the station where „^hc liad dxporibncbd so muoh happlhosB, yot so much sorrow, . though' tlio thought that 'sjje might novor' soe Christian again Boomed almost more than alio could boar. She .would g 6 away, right away, whoro in timo sho might learn to forgot. Sho did not know what slio could do if sho left tliom ; it would bo impossible for lior to live at ?homo, for hor father, a hard-working doctor had loft liis family In vory etraitonod, circumstances. She could riot bear to think of leaving them, for sho was vory fond of Mrs. Arolidalo and tho littlo girls, and in hor turn Mra. Arclidalo folt tho greatosfe affection for tho girl, who was alwaya bo quiet and unassuming, yot ever so roady if hor help was needed. Of Mr. Archdalo she was moro frightened than fond, and indeed sho saw vory littlo of him, oxcept at meal-times, for ho Boomed to spend a great deal of his time shut up alone in his oilico, whon ho was not,out riding. SomotimoH his wifo would ask in a surprised way how it was that ho could spare ao littlo timo to bo with thom now, but ho would invariably put hor off with thp oxouso that ho had writing to do. ' You used not to bo bo fearfully dovotod to busi ness, John,' sho would oxolaitn, looking rather hurt, but hu would mako somd inarticulate answer and leave tho room.' On ono of theso occasions Mary lookod in at his oiHco window as sho paasod along tho vorandah on hor way to hor own room. Tho blind waa not down, and tlio lamp on tho tablo throw a brightness all arouud, but thoro woro no writing materials on tho tablo, and tho poor old station owner was sitting By it,' with Ilia head buriod in his arms, and in tho glaro of the lamp alio noticed how grey his hair was growing, aiuco first alio saw him, and how tired and worn ho looked. Her own troublo quiokonod hor porcoption- and mado lior swift to aeo sorrow in others. He looked liko a man whose health was rapidly breaking down pndor tho weight of nome ? heavy montal troublo, and sho wondered liis family had not noticod it. CHAPTER Vi. But it was noxt to impossible to hido for long from othora all knowledge of tho seorot, tho burden of whiohi waa weighing him, down. Sooner. or later thoy must awake to tho fact that thoy stood on tho odgo of a precipice. Alroady Mra. Archdalo had takon alarm, and tried to discover from Christian if anything hadgpno wrong, with mouoy matters^ but he could only declare his ignorance, and even thought that hiB father had developed an extra ordinary mania. He had heard of men equally rich who, with a melancholy delusion that they would die in porerty, had spent their lives m hoarding up tlie money that afterwards availed them bo little. It was Hilda who effectually dispelled this idea from the young man's mind, only to put into it one still more bewildering. . Mingling freely with the wemen on her father s station, she always heard much harmless and amusing gossip, especially from Sarahs mother, about all the neighbouring families, with many of whom the woman . had lived in the capacity of housemaid, or general servant, before her marriage. 'Of course it isn't true. Miss Hilda, she began, this afternoon, evidently anxious to find out how much truth there was in some tale she had jUBt heard, 'but people do say old Mr. Archdalo sheen losing an awful lot of money, mining, lately.. , Here Sarah's mother paused an instant, bringing down her iron with a great clap and looking round the corners of her eyes to seek for confirmation of her news in Hilda's tell-tale face. { . 'But there was no other expression than Bimple indignation depicted- there as her visitor said, ? r.i_ friicrUn* nnnRf'Tiflfi nGODJG do talk. i .'Why, everyone knows that Mr. ArcHdalc simply . detests mining.' ,, ' Well, Miss, it's not for mo to say, said Sarah s mother, soothingly, 'and it wasn't me that said it. I'm only repeating what I heard from others. Here the good Udy looked very knowing, and nodded her head with the air of one who could tell much if she were only sure what reception her news would meet with, but receiving no encouragement from Hilda she started another subject with 9q.ua! fluency, in quite a different tone of voice. 'Well, Miss Hilda, I'm thinking what a blessed thing it will be to get Surah off my hands so soon ? nob but what she's real comfortable with Mr. Arehdale, still ono never knows what may happen. And if she's married, and lives m a town, she can just take all the boys, turn about, to stay with her, and they can go to school,' for I ve been sadly put about, thinking of their pddieation. Like many bush mothers of that clasB, Sarah s mother had a great notion of bringing up her chil dren to be much above that state of life in which the commandments bid us be content. It was tho ambition of her lite to sec nur .''r „ ; school teachers— domestic servioo, though it had been good enough for her, was unsuitable for her offsurins; Tho poor woman would almost kill Her self, working, to attain this end. It was _ even rumoured that for many montliB she had taken in washing in order that Sarah should hare a quarter s music lessons. . , . Hilda had opened her great eyes very widely. I 'Sarah ! You don't mean to say that Sarah is iroinjr to bo married ?' The genuine astonishment in her tone and look rather offended Sarah s m«Woil, Miss Hilda, she's close on as old as your self, and a good deal fitter to cook a man s meals for .him, though she's short for her age. Hilda mado haste to explain. ' Oh ! it's not that at all j but I was so surprised that I had not heard of it from Mrs. Archdalo.' 'Well, Miss, you see' (slightly modified) 'Sarah's young man wanted it kept quiet tor awhile; you see ho has relations not ft hundred miles away who mightn't altogether like it. ' Why ! who is sho going to marry f demanded Hilda, thinking from the woman's air of mystery that the son of some neighbouring squatter might have fallen a victim to the charms of the buxom Sarah. ' . 'Well, then, it's Mr. Cmow. 'What, the man who is prospectmg for uncle Tom P' cried Hilda, muoh amused. ' Why I should have thought John Lano would havo made her abetter husband.' Perhaps there was just a faint smile of contempt on her lips, not unnoticed by the woman's sharp eyes, for, forgetting discre tion in her bagernesB to advance Sarah s interests, alio added, ' Well, maybe not, MisB Hilda. Snow's hard up now, maybe, but Mr. Arolidale s not the gentleman to seo his relations come to want. But no sooner were the words out of hor mouth' than she repented of hor rashness. Sho know she pad overstepped tho bounds of prudence ; if she could she would havo rotraoted every word sho had said. She looked quite .frightened by the effect her words had upon Hilda, who waa too breathless with indig nation to utter a word. 'Mind you, MiBS Hilda, I don't say it's truo, but it's a rumour that's got about among tho men, they Bay that if you soo them stand together thoy look aa liijje as two. peas.; But, thon, thoy do say that every man in this world has his double., ' How can you talk liko thiB ! How can you say Buch things P That horrid, common man a relation of Mr. Archdale's !'? gasped Hilda, wrathfully. ' I shall speak to Mr- Christian about it myself, to-morrow, and get him to put a stop to theso wioked stories at onco. I bolievo you could bo had up for libel, for saying such things. Sarah's motlior lookod much alarmed khy the ? storm she had raised. ' Miss Hilda, you mustn t speak to Mr. Christian about it; you must not; its only foolish gossip; I'd novor havo told it you if I'd known how you'd take on, sho oxclaimod, eagerly. But Hilda was not t» do porsuoaou iruui uw determination, and tho noxt day being Sunday, and Christian according to long cuBtom riuing. over to spend the afternoon, she only waited until tlioy wore alone and told him the whole story. _ At first I10 was disposed to laugh at it, but seeing tho hold it had taken on tho girl's mind lio mentally consigned Sarah's mother to a warmer place -than a quiet Now England station,, and tried to make Hilda seo tho folly and impossibility of tho story. w You know what an awful talker that woman is, dear I wish you would not listen so niuoh to her aillv cossip.' ' But the moro he said , to convince n,.nhill t-rosentimont of somo coming evil stole into liis own heart. Having disinissod tho idea of tlio man's boing somo no or-do-well rotation from his mind as ridiculous old women a gossip, it nevertheless soomed to him ta account for many of his father's late vaganos. Ho began to think that, in spito of all ho Baid against it his father had developed a, orazo for mining. .This would account, ho felt persuaded, not only for tho nroapoctor's many secret visits to hiB father, but also for tho way in whioli his income disappeared./ '? 'l'ho man lias persuaded him into it against liis bettor iuagm?nt,f tliought Chsistian, 'and . as lie has always boon, so dead against^it ho is ashamed to lot ufl lcno'w'his cliango, of front.' , i Mrs. Aiolidaio also had idbiis of her own on tho : BUbjoet, differin-' but littlo from Christian ^ though noithor evor.Bpoko.of thoir Buspioionsto other. So littlo did oithor suspect the truth that , when tho blow fell it was totally, unexpected. . . CHAIJTBB VII. It was Christian who hastened tho ond, with his prido and his imiiotuous, fiery nature. ' Crossing tho yard lato ! dno .ovoning bo caught ainlit of a figure through tho dusk evidently trying to escape observation/ and 1 making towards Mr, Archdale's office, With a thrill' of indignation ho ' reoognisod - Snow. ' Confounded our I Sneaking round like a spy, after dark,' ho muttorod angrily, and striding up to him asked what^ho.wantod.,!,' ^ The man only shrugged liis ahouldors. 1 Hoiwoiud Have -avoided this mooting, rightly gdoasing. that tho young wan \yas no friond to him. :;v Christian : ropeatod his question m a loudor koy, declaring that ho bolioved lio waa ^ after no good, vrowlihg about liko , a thief, and throatonod that £0 would sot' tlio doga on him unloss ho told him liis business or oloared out. - ' Snoiv laughod provoklngly, as ono knowing his own power, aiid 'said 1)0 would provo that ho was no thief by dining Vitlv. thorn that night as a doar and' valuod friond of liis 'father's* ?? Porhapa, it was ' Christian's touo of toughty.arroganco, and a dosiro to bring down hia prido, tlin,t ,ca,UBod hiin to make this boast, wliiolf at all'lifvzardB .lio would keep.' Before Christian had'timo to-nswer tlio door of Mr. Arclidalo's office waa thrown open, and lio stood in tho doorway with u 'fawvof : fcar and approlion Bion, holding tho lamp ao that' its , light fell full on fcl-' WUl??s'tfiiS8you P' ho briod norvoualy. ' I've boon waiting for you an hour, huh'; Tho man went ?with him into tho room and tlio door was shut fast /in Christian's face, and with' every norvq quivering with ill-siipprosflod rago ho had to loavo thorn and go to tho drawing-room. ?? , Tho boll rang for toa, but thoy had to1 wait somo timo boforo Mr. Arolidalo mado liis appbaranco, and wlion to did coino into tho dining- room oloso.bohiud hini^blldwod':tlid ' man Snow, , looking ft- strange enough objoot amongat theso well dreasud mun^nd jtornon. . : No wonder that Jane hurried, ^ kk ' ^.j,. kitchen, or that Sarah, in the panto i,i- less from surprise at seeing her love. ' place as a guest at her master's table. .aj]0 jjrrl Mary and Hilda looked their wonder, j'()1 Arehdale went forward with a word of grefc this mjstyinwelcome guest. * ? ,t ' he But Christian sprang forward. ' iatuer, ,|1(. cried appealingly, with a strange fear or so* . unknown, lurking calamity, 'father, how darethl.. man come here, making your life a bur Jen t*/?? and pushing himself where ho isn't wanted. . vo you think we haven't noticed how your very nature has changed since he came here prowling and spy inn. Send him away, once and for all . Only say the word and I'll kick him out of the house for you.' But the man's blood was quite as hot, though his temper was better under control than Christian b. ' I've a right to dine at this table,' ho said slowly , and I10 looked towards tho white-faced station owner, ' because I'm the old chap'B brother. Wo wore brought up together,' in the Bame home, by the samo father and mother, and used to bo fond enough of ono another, too, though there was fifteen years' difference in our ages.' None doubted a word he said, and Mr. Arclidalo i,«„ D;innnn n r-n viioHtWl in tlio statement, and the man continued, addressing himself to Christian all the time: 'I've done my best tostoor clear of you, for I know I'm not the sort of uncle a young fellow liko you cares to have popping up all of a sudden. And if you'd only let mo alone' I'd never havo told vouwlio I was. But you carried things with so high a hand that I couldn't help trying to givo your prido a fall.' * ' Unfortunately I was nover made aware that 1 had an undo,' saidji Christian, stiffly, 'and you must admit it was scarcely likoly I should suspect the connectionsliip when you never called yourself Arehdale.' .. ... .? ? „ . , ' Christian ! Christian !' oxclauAod Mr. Arch dale. But tho monotonous drawl continued : ' I called myself Snow when I first suspected that my brother lived here, for I knew there was precious little chance of seeing him if lie heard that I was knocking around. But I never called myself Archdalo, for I was christened William Hales, and I'm not ashamed of my name.' Mr. Archdalo had fallen into a chair beside tho table, and dropped his head on his hands with a low moan. In that moment, oetore any 01 tuo other actors in tho scene had suspected tho tragedy they wore acting in, liis wifo had comprehended everything. She wont to him, drawing liiB bowed head to rest on her breast. ' John ! John ! toll mo it is not , truo ! Tell mo it is not true !' sho wailed, in a tone of agony. But when' I10 made no sound she burst out crying. Ho jumped up and pushed lior from him, almost roughly. And by this time Christian, too, understood. Ho never even heard his father's voice, raised dry and rasping in a feoblo attempt to justify him self in tho oyos of all those ho loved : ' It was aU my cursod ambition ! I know I was clever and could get on. better than that poor, weak fool over could. I don't know what came over mo, but when tho doctor, said he'd never bo right in liis head again I seemed to seo everything mapped out, plain as print, before me. It was easy enough to pass myself off as him, for I was sharp and quick at seeing how things should be done. I'd been with him so long that I'd got into all his ways, nnd everything aeemod to conspire to help me.' He never knew how everyone drifted from tho room. Ho only know that his father— his generous, up right father, who was so looked iip to, and held in such esteem by everyone, waa a thief and an im postor, and he felt that lie oould never lift up liis head again. Nover again would he put faith inany human being. How long I10 sat there, with the untouched dinner loft juBt as it was on tho table by the frightened servants, who could only guess that something dreadful had happened, he never know, until ho waa roused /by a hand on his arm, and Hilda's white face bent over him. 'Christian! Christian! For pity's sake rouse yourself. If you do not mako haste this Btory will be all ovor tho country to- morrow. You must bribe tho man to keep it quiet. I came to toll you that I can lend you plenty of money. Give him all ho wants and mako him - promise to loavo tho country.' It was somo momenta beforo he understood hor meaning, and then a red flush of shame crimsoned his face and neck. ' You moan that you think this imposition should bo kept up?' ho asked, slowly, and his voice was steady with a calmness ho did not feel. 'Of course ! ! Of course !' . sho cried, impatiently. 'You must ! Think what it moans for your father if you do not. ' And what does it matter about old John? Oh! Christian, say you will take my money and go to tho man at onco.' He rose to hia foet, putting his hands on hor shoulder, and holding hor away from him at arms length, looking at her with such a terrible aternnbsa that slio was frightened of him. ' 'My God! Hilda I do you know what you are ,asking moP' ho demandod. 'Do you take mo for a devil P' Piqued, and indignant at tho way in which hor offer had been rocoivod, sho broke away from him. 'Oh!' sho cried, passionately. ' All men aro by nature devils or foolB, and unfortunately tlio fools predominate.' And, crying bitterly,- sho ran from the room. Lato that night tho 8harp report of a revolver rang out, echoing through tho houao and up amongst the hills. Surrounded by difficulties of.' his own making, from wliioli ho saw no possibility of oflcapo, the station owner hod shot himself . CHAPTER VIII. Aftor this there followed a dreadful timo, wliilo ovorything was boing sottled so that tho station could come into tlio hands of its rightful ownorB. _ .Miss Archdalo -waa vory good, ' and tried to smooth mattora over as much as possible, knowing that tho man's family had had no hand in the doception ho had practisod for years. And ao well waa tlio story kept that most pooplo' believed that Mr. Arohdalo had got into difficulties ovor ljiining and lost liis Btation to tho bank. ? Christian dooidod that they 'inuatgo awny as soon as possiblo, and talco away nothing, but their olotlios. Everything else must bb loft, no matter how thoy valuod it, for thoy had beon como by dis , honestly. From tho first lio know that his ongago ment must ond. .But 110 was not proparoa . tor Hilda to givo liim up so calmly as , sho did, And perhaps tho liai'dost thing to boar in all this timo of troublo was tho knowledge that this girl lio loved so passionately had only cared for his money. But stiU she, waa very goodnaturod, and genuinely sorry foiJ, 'tliom. Sho wanted to toko the cliildron away until tlioir affairs i/oro. moro sottled, but this Christian would not allow. ; Christian was in a great hurry to got away, ? Ho was very Banguino about getting work, and liad not tlio leasb idoa that lio would not be (ible' to (jot tho management of a station, or sometihing similar, as 'soon as he wishod to., , i ,. i, v ' . ! '? Sa ho wroto to various iiifluontial peoplo, whom ho know wero Under groat .obligations to his father, Yot none of thoso mon, wnojiau poon regaruou as true and trusty friends, would , givo him work, now that' lib was poor. , -For ihonoy is tlio god mon wor ship! till It plays thom false, thon.. only thoy look higher. Noithor would any man.liftjup, hia hand to help.thoui. For lias it not boon wi'lttoti' ' tlio sinB or tlib fathbra shall bo visited on tlio oliildron.' I And thoy sitov that this obmmnMdniont .waa fulfilled to tllO lottor. ? ' Tr, ; ' \V' Mrs. Arohdnlb wrotb.io. hor two, brotliorB, begging 'holp, not for hbrsolfi'liut' for lior littlo cliildron. It was months boforo' thoy answered hor lottors, 'itnd regretted inability to do anything for lior. Poverty may not bo a briinb, yet tlio poor arb treated as criminals, especially, by thoir rotations. And now William Halos camo to the rosoiio. A good-natured follow, rogrotful ofWho Hhu.ro ho had had in bringing about tlioir downfall, I10 quiotly and unobtrusively sot to work to liolp tliom, and proved liimsolf a friend in noed. Ho had knockod about so much, and novor, that I10 could romembor, been othorwiso than hard up. - So I10 know how to mako tlio mostof alittlo.anu bin advice was always practical. Ho HiiggoBtod that Christian might take up a small selection, as I10 was not fit for anything but a bit uli lifo, and to liiB surpriBO tho young man 'jumped at tlio idea. With the fow pounds tliat liifd boon liis mother's tlioro would bo enough to. fttivrt liim i» a anuUl -wftj. I Mary had to leave them, of courae. drove her to tlie railway station, and (lid a word the whole way. Only a* lie put her into the ti'ain ho rousod hu«w«U f-'-} W* B^any medita tions to say, with a ;i-i{) of this hand tli&t; loft no room1 for doubt of the lmavtf It Bineerity of hu words, ' God bless you, Mary ! I don t know how ever we'd have got along without you, little thinking liow hia words would linger in the girl a memory^ or how all through the long, weariaomo journey the tears would start to her eyes with the 1\. , ? iTj. hop unobtrusive a. lougiiw — — Hb to soften many a thorny path. ?. Archdalo wanted to try and do something „ own living, but Christian would not bear of f?1' 1 hiB father's fault that she was brought i , , . % . ' of poverty, and whilst he had health ^d Ttr1n5h- lvould work to keep her and the Utwe to Hales with a regret that lie the man said, 'for though I . T:n(,'to mo in the think that I have someone belongs » colony, it will be best for both of u». , 0^0»s way apart. It would keep things fre»-- . 0 ^ n j minds, you know, and draw you back, h ' ? ' ' ? „o Ho™l, T urn mat:rlea wu uuiu- you, ou »= , , ? , ? ? » are going to quite another part of the country. ? It was the greatest relief to Mrs. Archdalo (1^ they still retained the name they had always believed their own), and to Christian also, to leave the station and go right away to a new place, where fresh scenes and hard work did much towards euac ing tho history of tho past from their memories. , Old John went with them. ' It would break his heart to leave ub,' Christian said with truth, And perhaps Miss Archdalo was glad to get rid so easily of what might have been a troublesome charge. So sho mado no demur to this arrangement, and sent out twenty poundB a year for his 'maintenance. It was impossible to make tho jpoor old man understand the chango in liiB position. He was pleased at having his meals with them and- being treated quite as ono of themselves, but evidently put it down, with all' other changes, to the tiny house thoy lived in now. The change of name was hardest of all. He had always been ' 01a jonn 10 them all ,and the 'Mr. Arehdale' stuck in their throats. Tho children bungled over it fearfully, and in desperation went back to the old name, and tho others soon followed thoir example. And now began a time of drudgery and poverty, with sometimes scarcely enough to oat. But at tho end of *two years tilings bogan to brighten.. An uncle of Mrs. Arclidalo's died and left her fifty pounds a year, and what that meant to thfem only those who havo tried to live on notli ing can realize. . And the selection began ? to pay. So that they all grew quite cheerful, and felt that they -.i-'jro almost well off, once more. CHAPTER IX. For tho second timo Christian drove to a railway station to meet Mary — hard-working Mary Vanco, who had promised long ago_ that slio would come some day and spend her holidays with them. But this time both the children, in a state of the wildest excitomont, wont with him. : He wondered that lie had never noticed before how wonderfully pretty the girl was, as sho came to meet thom, hor sweet, pale face all flushed with happiness, and hor eyes sparkling and dancing like great grey stars, with the joy of seeing all these she loved so well again. And, half unconsciously the thought arose that surely it would be almost per fect hajbpineBB to win the love of a loving, womanly woman Buch as this, only to be banished at onco by tho thought of 'his poverty, and tho still moro bitter thought that, socially, ho was so much hor inferior. , Besides, ovon if ho ovor could earn enough to havo a comfortable homo to offer her, was it likely that sho, knowing all tho dreadful past, would over bo willing to marry tho man Hilda liad thrown asido as one no longer worth caring for. And his face grow hard and forbidding as he told himself that that was all past and done with now. Novor again- would he givo any woman the chance to mako a fool of him. / . Mary wondered what made him grow so gloomy and taciturn. She' feared' that the- sight of her had recalled to liis mind all liis troubles, and self roproaohfully told horsolf that she should not have come. . But Mrs. Archdale's warm greeting dispelled such thoughts, and tho month that alio , was to Btay with 1 thom passed all too quickly. ! : : : . : : Mary finished her packing, putting away, with her liats and dresses, a fow silent, tears. This visit that sho had looked bo long forward to had been sadly disappointing, and all becauso Christian held aloof from lior. Sho wondered how sho had for feited his friendship, little droaming tho real causo of his avoidance. ' Her boxes corded and labelled, roady for tho morrow's journoy, sho went slowly through the passage to the dining room, whoro sho liad loft Mrs. Archdalo. But that lady ' had taken herself off with a book, and Christian was'alono in possession. Ho made somo trifling allusion to hor departure, in a tone that pain made to appear careless, and silo almost fancied that I10 was goihg. ' Sho told, horsblf that she was glad lier visit had ended; Christian only lookod onheras anintrudor, whofco presence recalled the bittorost memories of his lifo. But I10 need not mako it appear so very, vory plain how littlo I10 cared. Surely common civility demanded that lio Bliould hide tho relief hor absonce would bo to him. Sho took up a book to read, but all tho words grow blurred and tho lotterB ran into ono another until thoy resembled a lot of Chinose puzzles. At last ho looked up from Ilia writing. ' Tho children will miaa you greatly, Miss Vance, and my motlior.' . Sho mado no answor, but, hor face grow' rather paler and sadder' than, bofore. 'But I am afraid it has been a very dull visit for you. You do not look'na woll as wlion you camo to ub.' Sho lookod up to answor him, but hor oyos filled and Bhe turnod hastily -away. But ho had' soon tho tears, and in a tone of .gentle concern aakod, 'Aro youaorry to loavo us, Mary ?'' What man on oiirtli' could resist, tho piteous, frightened appoal in the loving groy oyos, so timorously raised to his. Cortainly Christian, could not. It, was all ovor with him then. In an instant ho had forgotten his poverty, his lowly position, oven Hilda was baniShod from liis mind, as lio took tho girl's two littlo hands in hiss ' Mary, Mary, I'm tho most aolflsh boast in tlio world to daro nek you to sharo my: poverty, and it will 8orvo mo right if you aro angry_ with mo for my presumption. ' But, oh I, my darling, this world seems suoli a dosort without you, and I know you're too good and truo to scorn mo for what waa no fault of my own,' he said, and his voico faltered and shook. \ ' j .Tho sweet, palo faco was raiBod to his), flllod with a radiant joy that was moro eloquent than any words; and : Cliristian clasped hor to him with a brighter face than ho had worn ainco tho day of liis father's dodtli. ' Presently I10 said, rather huskily, 'Tlio only thing that troublbs mo now, is that I'vo suoli a poor 'home to offer you. But, my.darling, I promiso you that I will! work until I riso iagain to tho hoiglit from which I've fallen;' ' But it may not be for a long time j many yoara, porhaps— it talcoa bo long to 'mako monov, But. in tho mbaiiwhilo. wo'll bo awfully poor. - : ?. 'Oh, niy lovo I , my littlo lovo! aro yoii sure that you will not bo afraid * to i sharo my povorty with mo P .' Think woll, boforo.it is tot) late. . Two soft arms steal up around liis neck, warm red lips ari/proased to his, and tho lowosb whisper juBt roaolios his oars . . ? ' If it's until Wo aro both old and groy, or until tlio gravo ,otaims;ono of us, I will work with you, and wait, and liopo, yes, and bo glad and proud to, Christian.' ? ' Till! end . Tho chairman of Bryant and May makes thoim'portantannouiicomont that tho dircctorw liavo rooontly acquired patonto which will onablo thom to abolish tho uho o£ whito phosphorus in tho nianufact.uro of tlioir matchoB. In 18G1 tho pmlocosnorH oC tho company introduced a match mado without whito phosphorus, but as the public continued to demand Bti;iko-auy-wlioio-mntohuB, tho firm had to mako tlioso. as woll. In futuro, matches mado without whito phosphorus can also bo Btruok; any whoro. 