Professor Ramsay's South Galatian Theory. Paper read at the Sydney Ministers' Meeting, Monday, 7th May, 1900, By the Rev. James A. Nolan. (Concluded from last issue.) HOW THE HISTORIANS WERE MISLED. During the second and first centuries before Christ the Galatians were some times at war with the Romans, and sometimes they were their allies. In 64 b.c. Galatia became a Roman Client State, and in the year 25 b.c. it became a Roman Province and remained such till long after the time of Paul. For political and also for strategic purposes the boundaries or the Roman provinces were, from time to time, readjusted. This was apt to be confusing to the historians of succeeding ages. It so happened in the case of Galatia, that, in the second century after Christ, the region in which were situated Antioch, Iconium, Lystra and Derbe, was taken from the Province Galatia, and made into what were known as the Three Eparchies. In the following centuries it came to be forgotten that that region had ever belonged to Galatia. This gave rise to the North Galatian theory, that for Paul to go through ' the region of Galatia ' he must have gone through what we now call North Galatia. Only in the nineteenth century has evidence come to light that, in the first century, that is in Paul's time, what we now call South Galatia was included in the Roman Province Galatia. This dis covery has changed everything. It makes all clear, where formerly there was confusion and contradiction. In Paul's Epistle to the Galatians he is writing to those cities of South Galatia, Antioch, Iconium, Lystra, and Derbe, in which he may be said to have won his first Gospel triumphs among the Gentiles. It often happened, as in the case of Galatia, that a Roman Province gave its name to a number of nations politically grouped together. The people of a Roman Province, to whatever nation fchey might have originally belonged, were proud of their new dignity. And with good reason, for Roman rule brought to them peace and prosperity. Lxcept in the case of slaves, they were never addressed by the name of their former nationality, but always by the name of the Roman Province to which they now belonged. In the present case, those to whom Paul was writing might be Phrygians or Pisidians, or Lycaonians. But to address them as such would be to insult them, as intimating that they were slaves. Paul, himself a Roman Citizen, knew better than to make such a blunder. He would be careful to address them as ' Galatians,' after the name of the Roman Province to which they belonged. Paul's first gentile churches. In Paul's day, the great trade route from Ephesus to the Euphrates, along which Roman development travelled, lay through South Galatia. It was called ' The Royal Road.' It was one of the great arteries of the Empire, leading from Rome, the Imperial centre, to the Provinces in the far East. At various strategic points on or near to this road, were garrison cities, that maintained Imperial supremacy through out the land. These cities would, of course, becomes centres of Greek and Roman life and progress. It was to these cities that we left Paul, with a sure instinct, pushing his way. Under the military despotism of the Turks, the whole land is now sadly decayed and depopulated. But, in Paul's time, it was populous and prosperous. It was looked upon as one of the* richest pos sessions of the Roman Emperors. The city to which Paul and his party first came was Antioch, looking out on a fertile plain, with its back against the mountains. It was a fortress city, a military centre and the metropolis of South Galatia, Shortly before the Christian era, Augustus planted in it a colony composed of veterans of the Fifth Legion. It thus contained both a Latin and a Greek population, beside the native Phrygians. Paul would find in Antiocb men who. like himself, were Roman Citizens. Iconium came next. The apocryphal apostle-legend, ' The Acts of Paul and Theckla ' is of very early date — the first or second century. If it is to be received, we happen to have a snapshot of Paul, taken on the road from Antioch to Iconium. It relates how one Onesi phorus, a resident of Iconium, hearing that Paul was coming from Antioch, went out to meet him as far as the Royal Road that leads to Lystra, and there waited for him, scanning the faces of the passers by. He saw Paul coming, a man small in size, with meeting eye brows, with a rather large nose, bald headed, bow- legged, strongly built, full of grace, for, at times, he looked like a man, and at times he had the face of an angel. Iconium was, in Paul's time, a Roman city, Phrygian in origin, but Greek in laws and customs. For its picturesque and important situation, its perennial verdure, and its great anti quity, it has been compared to Damas cus. Lystra was a Roman garrison city, where Greek was spoken as well as the native Lycaonian. Derbe was a Roman Provincial city. It lay near to the south eastern boundary of the Province Galatia. If Paul had gone any farther east, he must have crossed over into non-Romau country. This was contrary to his plan. So he retraced his steps by the way that he had come, revisiting Lystra, Iconium and Antioch, organis ing the churches that he had planted in those cities, and so home by sea to Syrian Antioch. From this it will be seen that these cities of South Galatia occupied an important place in the life-work of Paul. He visited them twice on his first missionary journey. The primary object of his second missionary journey was to revisit and confirm the churches which he had planted iu these cities. On his third missionary journey, as we take it, he visited these cities for a fourth time. He went through them, we are told, 'in order, establishing all the disr ciples.' His work in these cities was very successful. Not t - mention his preliminary canter in Cyprus, it was in these cities that he won his first mis sionary triumphs among the Gentiles. Here he made his first Gentile converts; here he organised his first Gentile churches; here he endured his first missionary perils and persecutions. At Lystra they stoned him, and left him for dead. To the day of his death he bore ' branded on his body the marks of Jesus.' His work in these cities was the beginning of a wonderful missonary career both in Asia and in Europe. Wherever he may wander, or whatever churches he may plant, he will never be able to forget that the churches in these South Galatian cities were his first love. We know from the epistles that he took a deep interest in his Gentile churches, and felt for his Gentile con verts a warm personal affection. Yet, on the North Galatian theory he wrote no epistle to the churches which he founded in South Galatia, and never even mentions them but once, and that in the most casual way. On the usual theory,' says Professor Ramsay, ' we find throughout St. Paul's writings no single word to show that he retained a kindly recollection of them or interest in them.' On the other hand, accord ing to the North Galatian theory, he is supposed to have written one of his most important epistles to cities as to which we have no clear evidence that he ever visited them, and to churches that are not so much as named in the New Testament. DID PAUL EVER VISIT NORTH GALATIA. The only reason for thinking that he did so is found in two half verses in the account of the second and third Missionary journeys. The words are ' They went through the region of Phrygia and Galatia.' On this slender ground, the route of the second and third Missionary journeys is made to take a great bend backwards to the north west, in a way that strangely confuses the narrative. Professor Ramsay contends that the words, ' they went through the region of Phrygia and Galatia ' have been misunderstood. He says that the words ' may, in Eng lish, be most idiomatically rendered the Phrygu-Galatic country,' as if the writer had said, ' the country which, accord ing to one way of speaking, is Phrygian, but which is also called Galatic.' To suppose that, on the second journey, they reached Troas by_ a - circuitous route through North Galatia is to burden the narrative with a disturbing theory that makes all uncertain, if not impossible. On the South Galatian theory, the account is clear and self consistent. After they left Derbe and Lystra, they went westward through Iconium and Antioch, making for Ephesus. But ' having been forbidden of the Holy Ghost to preach the word in Asia,' or in Bithynia, they passed through a part of the Province Asia, and leaving Mysia and Bithynia on their right, they reached the sea coast at Troas. As to the third journey, Prof. Ramsay says, ' He had a choice of two routes, one direct through the churches which he visited on his first and second journeys, Derbe, Lystra, etc., and the other mak ing an enormous circuit through Cappa docia and North Galatia, and omitting all the churches which are known to us by name. Can we suppose that he left unvisited every church known to us, and visited only others which are never elsewhere mentioned in this book, and whose existence is only assured in order* to explain the Epistle to the Gala tians ? ' THE FINDING. I shall give the finding in Professor Ramsay's own words. He says : ' If we cling to the North Galatian theory, we must abandon the view that this part of Acts possesses the characteristics of an original, genuine, and valuable historical account. . . On the South Galatian theory the combination of Acts and the Epistles produces a complete, natural, harmonious, and intrinsically probable picture. . . . Thus on every ground, the inconsistency and self contradiction involved in the dominant North Galatian theory become clear. The conclusion is plain. That theory is wrong, and the interpretation which restores consistency to the documents and reality to the history contained iu them, must be accepted. 