ARCHBISHOP REDWOOD'S SERMON. letters in explanation and reply. THE "ARCHBISHOP INTER VIEWED. Last night a representative of "The Daily Tele graph" interviewed Archbishop Redwood as to his statements regarding Protestants and tho Protestant religion, referred to in the letter signed by the president and secretaries of the Evangelical Council, aud reported in certain papers as having formed part of tho sermon preached in St. Mary's Cathedral last Sunday. "I have only to remark," said Dr. Redwood, "that tho passages quoted in the letter signed by Mr. Dill Macky and some otber gentlemen were not spokdn by me in the course of my sermon as delivered in the Cathedral. They were entirely and purposely omitted in deference to Uie presence of the Governors. I was anxious not to introduce any controversial matter on ac count of the mixed character of my audience. But they were iucludcd in the discourse as I had originally written it, and as I would have de livered it to a purely Catholic audience in other circumstances. I did not think it Decessary to take it out of the proof sheets which, I handed to the press. But, as I say, the words complained of were not uttered by mc in the Cathedral — as is to he seen by 'The Daily Telegraph report." The following is the full text of the passage referred to as it appeared in tli.e Archbishop's manuscript of the sermon, but which was omitted by him iu delivering his sermon for the reason which he explains above: — Look not for suictily in those separate sects. I speak not of individuals, but of systems. The authors of the Greek schism, l'hotius, in the ninth century, and Michael CcriilariuH, in the eleventh, had no motive for t-'uMr separation hut blind ambition and lust of poweiv J he leaders and founders .of' Protestantism— Luther, Calvin, Zwinglius, etc. — were notorious for their, vices. _ Among the Greek schismatics the clergy are badly trained for their sacred functions, and live - in . a state of pitiful abjection and contempt; they receive little or no con sideration or respect from the people, and they neither spread nor fulfil the Gospel teaching. Amoiu Protes tants, the most effectual means of sanctiflcation have disappeared; abstinence, fasting, mortification, confes sion, communion, etc.', etc. Both the Greek schism and Protestantism have -rather obstruolcd than promoted true civilisation. The first has- brought despotism ii|K»n the East, the second covered Europe with blood and rums in the sixteenth century, and has ever since been the helper and instrument of the worst foes of Christianity. It desecrated the home, it jmlluted the nuptial bed, it lowered the dignity of womanhood, it . devastated the school, and stopjMKl the progress of science. In fine, neither Protestants nor Greek schismatics have shown that the action of the Holy Ghost is with them. examples of heroic virtues, no saints in their ranks at all comparable to the martyrs and missionaries of the Catholic Church; and they Jiave never been able to obtain the sanction of a miracle for their work and their doc trine. A verbatim report ot the sermon, including tho above-quoted passage, appears in tho "Catholic Press" this week. 