CHAPTER SHI. Something ox His JIixd. & lives; # matched up, and passed T out into? the fresh evening air. He tras very, white, ana held the: key of his laboratory,; fast iii his hand. " man with, scinethi n g^ on his' Ss m i 11 d.,i; Thus a pas-' £er-by would nave styled dim. • He was walking for no object, he merely wished to think. His eyes were fixed oa tho ground, his hands were .hmst in lust pockets, and he covered the muddy road; with long swift strides. So engrossed was he with his own thoughts he never heard a light step running after him, till a fresh* young voice cried eagerly, "I felt sure it was you, Oliver! Were you coming to Jes samine Cottage?" He stopped short, ao« mentarily confused. ! Ethel waited for a word of greeting fa return, a grasp of the hand, but her lover' seemed in a dream, from which she had boisterously aroused him. ' "I—I—am afraid I startled you I" she* said, hesitatingly, flushing with annoyance" at her hasty action. " I was trying to think • oraething out," replied Oliver—"hut it doesn't matter." He gave no smile, nor yet perceived the hand she had outstretched" and drawn back* quickly. "How unlike the Oliver of old days 1", said her heart, with a throb of pain. His' attitude struck-her as singularly ungra-* cious. "Were you coming to the Cottage?" she asked, determined to make him answer. H* did so without hesitation. " Xo, dear, I was not. I didn't feel equal to any kind of society; my brain was full of—-" He stopped, thinking it better to leave*, his explanation unfinished. _ < "Ah! you have been overworking again 1" she sighed. "What is your aim? Why let it sap your spirits and master you like( this? Oh! I wish you could orget your; ambition, if only for five minutes every day, and just remember me." "I am working for the truth, he ansr wered; u I wish, and I mean to make £ great discovery." ' _ \ Ethel sighed. "Ton know what Lyt£; ton says," she answered defiantly: ; "4 Not a truth has to Art or to Science been given. But brows have ached for it, and souls toiled and striven; And many have striven, and many havei. failed, And many died, slain by the Truth thejj assail'd.*" * • Her voice vibrated as she spoke th"$ words; she was feeling herself at that mo ment a highly injured person. ^Her annoy ance was increased by Olivers apparent unconsciousness. She tried to make hint look at her. as she raised i.er indignant" little chin, but she saw no reflection of. herself in his eyes, only an expression! which puzzled and haU*frighteued he®» ) Oliver,"'she said, catching .js strained look iii the gathering mist, 44 you have seen something dreadful. "What- makes von think that. "Your face, Oliver," she coded, quickly. "What has come over you? What has Jiappuiied? You are not the samel" He smiled vaguely. u Come, little girl, I will see you home; it is getting quite dusk, .and you 'must not be out alone after dark. .< As for myself, don't bother about me. I'm right enough, j but you know all things m . veil as^ all | men are' subject? to Fate, Time, Occasion, j Chance, and Change." . j "Except," added Ethel, "1 Eternal Love. | -If you quote don't forget the gem at the, ena.' They "walked on in silence, for she found he was in no mood to talk. The strange v ness of it startled her. . This was like a walk with Oliver's ghost; yet only the other day he had-been his awn, bright self again, when she told him of her father's letter. To reach Jessamine Cottage .r.ey had to pass the high iron gates of Compton>5alL "I wonder," thought Ethel, "if we shall see anybody passing in or out.". * She turned involuntarily and glanced up the drive. Someone was hurrying through the small side gate; a strange, old-fash toned figure, draped in a long shawl, hold* ing a handkerchief before her eyes. She sobbed brokenly and appeared in doubt as to which turning should he taken. Stand ing there, under the shadow of-a great oak •tree, she looked like a wraith materialising before the late owner of Coxnpton Hall Ethel paused and pointed towards the hesitating figure. "Look, Oliver, look at that queer little woman. Who can she ,be? Oh! dear, she's crying. X must see if X van't help her." Ethel ran forward, her kind .heart Gouched at the; sight of suffering, her own troubles instantly forgotten. . " Can I be of use to you?" she asked very gently, in her sweet, melodious voice. Betty looked up, touched by the simple ■question, and the kindly face bent down to hers.' She recognised at' once in this stranger a • sympathetic soul, someone to whom she might pour forth the grievance rankling in her injured breast. "Ah! missy, it's t~e station I'm wanting „ the station, worse luck; where my lug gage is sittin*. There's no room for me at ihe Hall." She pointed up the drive, with.a deep sigh, and wiped her eyes afresh.. Oliver ■joined Ethel and stood by, listening to Jhe conversation. ' "Xo room,".cried Miss Thereby, "in ■that big -house?" • Betty shook her head. " ' ; 4 Ah: they dont want an old woman there, though what life, is left in'me Td . hare laid at-Mrs- Leach's feet willing, I would. I did not want wages,, for I've earned good-money, in my time, haying bided in - the Leach family since poor Mr. Edward, as was murdered, . first uttered his infant cries in. these arms. .'And they net great store by me in those days, but bless you, times is changed, and thongh •the lady, at the . Hall bears the name of v Leach, she's -not one of them! Mr. Eddie got took with her good looks, same as I did, but them's sometimes deceptive.. She wants none of me, with her grand servants —didn't so much as ask me to take a seat; though at first I flopped meself down, quite at home like, and sure of a welcome.".. Oliver . had been listening intently,to Betty's somewhat lengthy complaint, glist ening with an'air of deep interest which utterly amazed EtheL . Strange indeed that he could forget his engrossing studies under \- the influence -of this old ..woman's talk, when he had barely a word or look for his fair young fiancee. "It only shows," concluded Ethel, "how lightly, he holds me now. I am practically nothing to him when these moods come on. Even, a stranger has more power to rouse him than " Yon were with Mrs. Leach .before her husband died!" he queried, eagerly. "In the house, I gather, when the murder was committed!" "Indeed and I was. But for the poor mistress leaving my shawl on the garden seat, the master might never have gone cut to meet his death. But she seemed that 'different then; it regularly upset *er to thmk of my. best shawl getting spoilt by the dew. So she let's him go for it, as innocent as a lamb, awaiting all alone . Mr. Morrow's coming with her brother, Mr. Albert. I see'd them arrive. Such greetings in the hall—as merry as birds in spring—when the newB comes that oar Mr. Eddie was lying stabbed on the lower walk by the shrubbery seat Ab! one can't forget such a night, and its being Mr. Morrow's first visit to his daughter's new home made thing seem worse again. But as I've always told Mrs. Leach, the murderer will be hunted down yet, and Ehell see the master avenged It is for that I'm living, sir; though to you as didn't know or love him my words may seem a bit like blood-thirst!" Oliver considered a moment. He looked at . his watch. . • - "I think you said you were going to the station. Bo you know there isn't a train until half-past eight back to London!" Betty flung up her arms. "Well," she gasped, "if this is not ike most unlucky' journey a body ever set out on! I can't go back to the Hall after Mrs. Leach's treatment of me. ;2?obody ever jliowed Betty the door twice!" "You must be fainting for food," putin Ethel; " and so tired, for I suppose you [ have uo friends here." "Not here, nor yet in London, miss; for J am an old woman,, and my friends have mostly gone away to different parts or died. I . never should have wanted a home while Mr. Eddie lived." " You must come and rest at my aunt's house, until it is time for your train; and you will certainly need a good cupper be fore travelling back. We live close by, please let me give you an arm; it has grown suddenly so dark." Betty's jaw fell with astonished gratifi cation. She had never dreamt cf meeting with .such kindness, after the rebuff at the Hall, and from.strangers, tool For a moment, she was speechless, then stam mered her fervent gratitude, in- confused delight. "Better still,:let her come to my bunga low,"*' said Oliver. "I live,"' turning to Betty, " on Mr. Morrow's estate. We are not friends, but that doesn't matter, since his daughter has turned yon out. My little establishment is not a rtone's-throw from, here, and you arc looking very tired. By the way, what was that you said about your luggage being at the station? Were you intending, to make your abode at Compton Hall?" "Yes, sir, thanking you -undiy, sir. l oi that fond of the country,' haying lived "with Mr. Edward's family for so many years.*' " It seems almost a pity to go back to London, doesn't it? I suppose you only took a single ticket, eh?" They were walking towards the bunga low, mid the drift of Oliver's conversation pooled Ethel more than ever.; " Can yon." he continued, " can you cook j at all? Well enough fop a single man with ; a very small appetite?* j "Cook!" cried Betty, raising her. voice excitedly. "I should just -think X could! j Why, Mr. Edward used to: like my pastry j and omelettes better than cay in England j or France; and he was mighty particular I can tell you. In Paris he said they came near to beat me, talking of omelettes. I always cooked his birthday dinner for him. Cooking has been a fancy of mine since girlhood.'1. " I 'was wondering," Oliver went on, " if I proved to you. I was. a thoroughly re spectable person,** (he smiled as he spoke), "whether you would like;me to send for your boxes. I can offer you a situation as cook-housekeeper in my bungalow, since the good, lady who used to ■* do- for. me,1 has taken herself off to marry a farmer!" Betty hesitated. Ethel could guess the thoughts distracting her mind.* "This gentleman,** she.said, low and con fidentially, "is Sir Oliver -Ashford; he-used to liyeat Compton HalL. I don*t think you will ever regret it if you accept his offer." * : ."Was there ever anything come' so handy!" Betty. declared, as she joyfully fell in with Sir Oliver's suggestion. She dearly loved a title, and both Oliver and Ethel had won her susceptible heart from the very first'moment. "It must be the-working; of; the Lord!" she sighed gratefully, " just brought about special like, to comfort the down-hearted." "Yes; I daresay Providence placed you in. my pith," agreed * Oliver, cheerfully, with a return to good spirits.. "You see I really need, your services, you will bej | most valuable !"-..< . [to nn contikijxd kbxt wexk.] ; j 