I OCEAN WINDS. HEALTH AND HELP FOR MAN. (By F. T. Bullen, In the " Spectator.") Whatever of beauty the sea possesses, it ¡ owes primarily to the winds-to the free ' breath of heaven which sweeps joyously over those vast lonely bread.h =,ruff.ing them wit'i tiniest ripples by its zephyrs, ajd huillng them in headlong fury for thousands 'of miles by its hurricanes. It may be said that the term " ocean" cannot rightly hi applied to winds at all, since they aro com- mon to the whole globe, and are not, like waves and currents, confined to the tea. But a little consideration will surely con- vince that it is just and right to epeak of distinctive ocean winds which by contact with tho great, pure plains of the sea acquire a character which a land wind never has or can have. In fact. It may be said with perfect truth that but for the health-bearing winds from the sea, landward folk wou.d soon sicken and die, for our land wlndo are laden with disease germs, or, as in the mis- tral, the puna, the sirocco, and the simoom, to mention only a few of these terrible enemies to life, are still more deadly in their blasting effect upon mankind. From all these evil qualities ocean winds are free, and he who lives remote from the land, in- haling only their pure breath, knows truly what health is, feels the blood dance joy- ously through his arteries, aerated indeed. I NOT A NEGLIGIBLE QUANTITY. | As a factor in sea traffic, ocean winds aro popularly supposed to have become neglig I ible. Indeed, the remark i3 often heard (ou shore) thiit the steamship h .s made man independent of wind and tide. It is just the kind of statement that would emanate from some of our pseudo- authorities upon marine matters, aud akin to the oft quoted opinion that the advent of the steam- ship has driven romance from the sea. In the first place, seani--n know how tre- mendously the wind affects even tho highest powered steamship, and, although some sailors will talk about an ocean liner plough- ing her way through the teeth of an oppos- ing gale at full speed, it is only from their love of the marvellous and dts re to nuko the landsman stare. They know that such a statement is ridiculously untrue. Leaving the steamship out of the question, however, there are still very large numbers of vessels at sea which aro entirely dependent upon tho winds for their propulsion, their transit be- tween port and port. Tney grow fewer an»l fewer every year, of course, as they are lost or broken up, because they are net replaced. yet in certain traded they are so useful and economical that It is difficult to see why they should be allowed to disappear. Masters of such ships are considered to be smart or the reverse in proportion to their KNOWLEDGE OP OCEAN WINDS, where to steer in order to get the full benefit of their incidence, what lattitudes (to avoil because there winds rarely blow, and how best to manoeuvre their huge-winged craft in the truly infernal whirl of an advancing or receding cyclone. For such purposes ocean winds may roughly be divided into two classes-the settled and the adventi- tious : those winds that may fairly be de- pended upon for regularity both as to force and direction, and those whose coming and going Is so aptly used in Scripture allegory. Taking as the former class the trade winds of the globe, it is found that they are also subject to much mutability, especially those to the northward of the Equa.or known as the " North-east Trades." Old seamen speak of them as <lo farmers of the weathel ashore-ccmplain that neither in steadiness of direction nor in constancy of force a'fi they to be depended upon as of old. Of course they vary somewhat wi h the seaEon^, but that is not what is complained of by UK mariner ; it is their capricious variation from year to year, whereby you shall actually find a strong wind well to the south waid of ea=t in what should ba the heart of the North-east Trades, or at anothn' time fall upon a stark calm prevailing where you had every right to expect a fresh fav- ouring breeze. TRADE WINDS. Still, with all their failure to maintain the reputation of former times in the esti- mation of sailors (as distinguished from steamship crews), even tho much maligned North-east Trada winds are fairly depend- able. The South-east Trades, again, are almost as sure in their operation as is tne recurrence of day and night. The home ward-bound sailing ship, once hav- ing been swept round the Capo of Good Hope in spite of adve se winds by the irrcslstable Agu'has current, usually finds awaiting her a southerly wind. Sailors refuse to call it the first of the Trades, considering that any wind blowing without the Tropics has no claim to be called a " Trade." This fancy matters little. The great thing ib that these helpful breezes await the homeward-bounder close down to the southern limit of his passage, await him with arms outspread in welcome, and coincidently with the pleasant turning of his ship's head homeward, permit the yards to be squared, and the course to be set as desired. And the ship-like a docile hors9 who, after a long day's journey, finds his head pointing stablewards and settles steadily down to a clinking pace-gathers way in stately fashion and glides north- ward at a uniform rate without any further need of interference from her crew. Throughout the long bright days, with the sea wearing one vast many-dimpled smile, and the stainless blue above quivering in light uninterrupted by the passage of a single eloud, the white-winged ship sweeps serenely on. All around in the paling blue of the sky near the horizon float the sleepy, fleecy cumuli peculiar to the " Trades," without perceptible motion or change of form. When day steps abruptly into night, and the myriad glories of the sunless hours reveal themselves shyly to an unheeding ocean, the silent ship still passes ghost- like upon her placid way, the steadfast wind rounding her canvas into the softest of curves, without a wrinkle or a shake. Be- fore her stealthy approach the glittering waters part, making no Bound save a cool rippling as of a fern-shadowed brooklet hurrying through some rocky dell in Devon. The sweet night's cool splendours reign supreme. The watch, with the exception of the officer, the helmsman, and the lookout man, coil themselves in corners and sleep, for they are not needed, and during the day much work is adoing in making their ship smart for home. And thus they will go without a break of any kind for over two thousand miles. ' THE WEST WINDS. Next to the Trades in dependability, and fairly entitled to be called sub- permanent, are the West winds of the regions north and south of the Tropics, or about the parallels of 40deg. north or south. Without the steadiness of these winds is the great Southern sea, the passage of sailing ships to Australasia or India would Indeed ^.be a tedious business. But they can be reckoned upon so certainly that in many cases the duration of passages of ships outward and homeward can be predicted within a week, which speaks voluntes foil the wonderful average steadiness of the great wind-cur- rents ; although these winds bear no re- semblance to the beautiful Trades. Tur- bulent, boisterous, and cruel, they try human endurance to its utmost limits, and on board of a weak ship fleeing for many days before their furious onslaught, anxl^fy rises to a most painful pitch with the never-ceasing strain upon the mind. They have also a way of winding themselves up anew, as it were, at intervals. They grow stronger and fiercer by successive blasts until the culminating blow compels even the strongest ships to reduce canvas greatly unless they would have it carried away like autumn leaves. Then the wind "will begin to shift round by the south gradually and with de- creasing force until, as ii impatient, it will jump a couple of points at a time. Then, in the "old" sea','the baffled, tormented ship staggers bllnd^yj^making misery for her crew and testing severely her sturdy frame.' Farther and farther round swings the wind. necessitating much labour aloft for the ship men, until in the space of, say, twenty four hours from its first giving way, it has described a complete circle and is »back again in its old quarter, blowing fiercely as ever. Not that this peculiar evolution is always made. There are times when to sailors' chagrin the bravo west wind fails them .in its proper latitudes, being succeeded by bafiling easterlies, dirty weather of all kind3, and a general feeling of Instability, since to expect fine weather in the senso of light wind and blue sky for any length of time in thoso stern regions is to reveal ignorance of their character. Yet it is only in such occasional lapses from force and course of the west wind of the south that the haples3 seaman seeking to double Cape Horn from the east can hope to slip round. So that while his fellows farther east are fleeing to their goal at highest speed, he is being re- morselessly battered by the same gale, driven farther and farther south, and ill used generally, and only by taking advantage of the brief respite can he effect his pur- pose. THE MONSOONS. The monsoon winds of the Indian seas are most important and unique in their seasonal changing. For six months of the year the wind in the 'Bay of 'Bengal and the Arabian Sea will bo north-easterly and the weather fine. Over the land, however, this line wind Is bear- ing no moisture, and its longer persistence than usual moans famine with all its atten- dant horrors. " Fine weather" grows to bo a term of awful dread, and men's eyes .turn ever imploringly to the .south-west, hoping with an intensity of eagerness that is only felt where life Is at stalto for tho darkening of those skies of steely blue, until one day a cloud no bigger than a man's hand arises from the sharply-defined hori- zon. Swiftly it expands into ominous looking masses, hut the omens are of bless- ing, of relief from drought and death. The howling wind hurls before it those leaden water-bearer? until, one by one, thoy burst over the iron-bound earth, and from st.tUon to station, throughout the length and breadth of 'Hindostán, is flashed tho glad messtge, " The monsoon bas burst." Out at sea the great steamships emerging from the Gulf of Aden are moj^. by tho turbulent South-wester, and bavo need of, all their power to stem its force, forco' which is quite equal to that of a severe Atlantic gale at times. And all sailors dread the season, bringing as it does to their sorely "tried bodies the maximum of physical discomfort possible at sea in warm climates. Of the varying forces of winds, from tho zephyr to the hurricane, it would be easy to write another page, hut this subject is not strictly within tho scopo of the present article, and must thereforo bo left un- touched. 