TOPICAL ITEMS. WOMEN AT THE PARIS SHOW. HOW THEY DRESS. It is easy to distinguish French women Parisiennes would be the most appropriate word from our own corns try women who are as yet in a minority at the Exhibition is it is easy to pick out the latter from" the rather an melons groups of female visitors from the ntliprlnnd The Englishwoman has a real son is able t upon nude from II keeping well from the ground in 1 chisel lying equally light and serviceable boot in which sit tints of unley along the dust does not frighten feel it is not contempt is in the case of the French woman but the knowledge that for ordinary cloth it will brush off without damaging the material The 11 each woman lots best plots) sill s mile distances and people is sweep though it sooner than not obey the diet iles of prevailing; of fashion which has seemingly ordained that a woman's gown should do the duty of one of those hills) machines one sees now and again in the London streets The Gemini woman is much more efficiently) equipped than the English one but oh I what a falling off is the ! Khaki is an ill tangerine Ugh car on; li in its line but it is a delight to Hu visual organs in coin) nison to the hue of the German woman's outer LII ments name called Mr) Scheller s Gleichen a s)iiii)liony in snuff and soft soap I can only compute the tints of the German woman s travelling dress to a fugue in sedge covered bilge water Her dress is also well on the ground too much of the green to for Sir John Suckling would have hanged himself in (despair could he have seen the feet Hopping from beneath it Mice for sooth I I can find no signs of for them They me like small tortoises And the way she uses them is in perfect keeping with her off enunciated pim employ that she does not walk for show but to got over the gi mined If she only shout it the other end Her head as it happens is less attractive than her feet and if she were a A onus of a Psyche-and some of those German women and girls are decided ) good looking ho line would neutrals her Hutmill charm of face Of her waist the least said the ballot Her waist is larger than her life for life is but a span said Oliver Wendell Holmes of his aunt -Th i Author of An English man in Paris in the Illustrated London News WHERE ARE THE OLD WOMEN? The question is not ours but Lady Jeune s, and heads an article in the Ladies Field Ever) woman now of seems looks young or at most middle aged and that a middle ago with so many alleviations that it is practically no inconvenience In the days of one's youth the world was full of old women and who of the generation to which one belongs does not remember scores of the genuinely openly old women who looked dressed and thought like old women and whose lives were those of people who had put the vanities of the world aside and bid them good b) e ? How changed it all is now odds Lady) Jeune Now no woman never gets old The child is young The mother younger the grandmother youngest of nil One goes into society and found about on every side one sees w union from whose face the first fresh beauty has flown yet comely fresh pretty full of health and enjoyment and by their side the grown up daughter in many cases not apparently much the junior of the two Lady Jeune believes that the modern love of outdoor life is mainly responsible for this vast change NOVELISTS AT DRAMATISTS A few years ago the divorce between the two branches of literature was almost complete Nowadays there are comparatively few novelists especially among the younger men who have not written plays The most conspicuous of them of course are Mr. J. M. Barrie and Mr. Anthony Hope but the list of novelists whose plays have been produced also includes the names of Mr 1 hollins Hardy Mr Frankfort Moore Dr Conan Doyle Mr I Zangwill Mr Hall Game and Miss Marie Corelli Nor is the reason why they do not do so more frequently and in greater nulli bers to be found as Mr Pinero seemed to suggest in the overwhelming difficulties of the 1st of dramatic composition or upon the fact we should perhaps say) the alleged fact that it calls for an exccptionaUinowlcdgo of human nature and mi exceptionally) minute observation of human manners The rea obstacle is to be found in the material difficulty of getting plays produced-a difficulty which makes it absolutely impossible for more than a very few dramatists whether they are also novelists or not to succeed at the same time. The number of play houses is very much smaller than the number of publishing houses and a great many of them are given over to the production of the plays which are not plays but series of music hall funds and knockabout entertainments - Litera time THE QUEEN S GHOST ARTISTS STRANGE EXPERIENCE AT HAMPTON COURT The ghosts which are said to frequent the precincts of Hampton Court Palace are more or ICBS known by reputation but thou rumblings have been promiscuous and uncertain Great interest in their movements has however been non ly aroused by the strange exper lence undergone by in artist who had been visiting eel tam rooms of the palace for the purpose of of sketching the old Flemish tapestry on the walls Whilst engaged in the Guild Watching Chamber in broad daylight for the room is closed to the public at six of clock this gentleman Mr Haynes of Surbiton positively asserts that a spectio lined white and delicate and neill) revelled had persistently, eluded between him and the tapestry. At first he imagined the disturbing element must be one of the many hostels so beautifully inscribed on the tapestry, hub the limb, he says, moved slowly from one stage to another, and pointed downwards. Mr. Haynes was much agitated, and told several friends of this curious visitation. They not unnaturally, perhaps, advised him to dismiss the subject from his mind, and return to the chamber and his work. But the hand re-appeared before his startled eyes ; and, on the last appearance of the phantom, the artist made a hurried sketch of the outstretched hand, the rough outline of which depicts a brilliant marquise ring on the forefinger. The effect of these continued visits of the supernatural on Mr. Haynes is very visible ; he is unnerved, and he has suspended his sketching. These are the plain facts, but there is, it would seem, a weird and historic connection between this hand and the hand of the Queen Catherine Howard, one of the wives of King, Henry VIII. A Lloyd's representative, visiting the scene of the alleged visitation, ascertained that many of the officials, men who have spent a lifetime within the palace walls, fully believe that the two are identical ; solid they mostly regard the complaints made by Mr. Haynes as perfectly within the realm of probability. TO CONVERT ENGLAND. The Guild of Our Lady of Ransom," which has for its object the bringing back of the Home country to the pro Reformation religion, organised its first demonstration this year at Kensal-green in May last. Guilds and religious societies vied for supremacy with the red, white, and blue Mafeking rosettes worn by the crowds who assembled to watch the procession. The procession began its journey, headed by a cross-bearer and acolytes, with lighted candles, at a quarter-past three. Members of confraternities s from all parts of London, with their distinctive banners and regalia, to the number of some 1,500, formed the bulk of the procession, conspicuous in which were carried statues of the Virgin, relics of the English martyrs of the Reformation period, and a glass reliquary borne on a the shoulders of? four men,, had certain ing a relic of Sir Thomas More, the last Catholic Lord Chancellor of England. It was a new experience to Londoners, and, after the procession had gone by, knots of people stood at the street corners discussing what they had seen. 