POLITICAL PARLEY. The ' Four B's' — Boers, Boxers, and Breelong Blacks. Reported that the latter have not yet captured the police. The Government is taking steps to suppress marriage ceremonies per formed without due care and delibera tion, and about time too. The schoolmaster abroad again. One 4 hon. * member tells the House that 'the necessity for passing this Bill was what had eventuated in the future.' Sydney Vigilance Committee re ports having shifted twenty tons of rubbish from one house. Next elec tion will probably see something removed from the Town Hall. The time limit has had the peculiar effect of making some members so excited as to appeal frequently to Providence, varied by occasional en treaties to Old Nick. Dr. Ross : * Mr. Speaker, before mv God, I've never seen such ras cality as I've seen in New South Wales' 4 Surely to Heaven if I can't rely upon the Land Boards, if I can't rely upon the Land Appeal Court, if I can't rely upon the responsible ' officers of the department, who the devil am I to rely upon,' asked the Minister for Lands. Don't know — ask the Labor Party. ' I hope, Mr. Cann, you'll do your duty, and not allow this hon. mem ber to run riot in this House as he ?does in the Town Hall,' observed Mr. Storey. Mr. W. M. Hughes : * I call your attention to the antics of the hon member for Randwick, who is con tinually making remarks aiid things of that sort. I ask the Chair to pro tect me.' Bruce Smith, who may run for the Federal Parliament, admires neither Barton nor Reid. He aims at being the philosopher in politics, but no ?one takes him seriously in that role. People are beginning to wonder what the Federal platform of the Labor Party is going to be. There can be no talk of sinking the fiscal question now, as there is little else to fight about. It is a curious coincidence, says the Minister for Works, that the blacks cleared out on the appearance of my party. And the Star retorts— They sneered at the troopers' bullets, They jeered at the law's strong gyves ; But at thought of O' Sullivan's speeches They fled for their natural lives. On Thursday night the member for St. Leonards spoke up bravely for the overworked ferry hands, to the few members (about 20) who ' remained to listen. Members of the Labor party were not conspicuous by their presence. If Parliament is in earnest about the Womanhood Suffrage question it will be forced through this session, and if that is to be done it is ridi culous to talk of rising in November —a brief adjournment at Christmas will be barely possible. In any ca»e the women should be hard at w irk, and it should be part of their pro gramme to induce the Labor Party to make it a matter of urgency, ns the s Laborists in Victoria have done. The question ought not to be tem porarily taken up and abmdour.d. Let us be fair to our unjustly dis fer fran* liisrd si 'tors. — Worker. if 'Is it in order for a member to make a grimace which I can only characterise as calculated to provoke a breach of the peac# ? ' is a poser put to the Chairman of Committees. Strange, perhaps, but there is one M.P. whose natural 'phiz' always affects us that way. A Sydney paper, d®fending Bar ton's extravagance whilst in London, says : ' It was essential that the N.S.W. delegate should be allowed sufficient money to keep himself and his wife properly during his stay.' Surely the N.S.W. taxpayers are not expected to keep the whole Barton family — if so they have got a con tract on hand. — Gazette. The other night in the House, Jack Haynes sat on one side, i»i a division with Wright, Price, and Norton, M's.P. The division was on a military matter. 4 I'm in good military company, anyhow,' said Haynes, ' even if we are in a minority. I've General Wright on one side of me and General Price on the other,' 4 Yes,' said a companion, 4 but what's Norton's rank.' 4 Oh, he's General Nuisance ! ' was the ready reply. — Mudgee Liberal. No one can sit in the Federal Parliament if he 4 is attainted of . ' I treason, or has been convicted, or is under sentence, or subject to be sen tenced, for any offence punishable under the law of the Commonwealth or of a State by imprisonment for one j year or longer.' This should make candidates or would-be candidates, careful. Several prospective mem bers are said to be looking up their records to see if ' 12 months' or more is included in the little list. How about that little Daily Post incident ? The ferry hands, the 'bus drivers, and others similarly placed deserve all the sympathy and help they can get. Curiously, perhaps, they all possess votes, with expectations of shortly using them, but the poor devils of back-block mail drivers, whose case is a hundred times worse than anything known in Sydney, either have no votes at all, or, in the solitary case or so of the possession of a right, have not the ghost of a chance to use it. Hence, they have no friends, and the State remains the biggest and wo rat sweater in the southern hemisphere. The writer has hitherto drawn the line at the House, but he'll have to sink his ob jections to some of the company, and go for a seat soon, if only for the sake of the white slaves of the back blocks. ' 