Local and General News INDIAN RELIEF COMMITTEE.—The com mittee will meet in tho C.mucil Chambers Oil Tuesday evening at 7-30. when it is expected that gond progress will bo reported and arrangements made fur the . immediate despatch of cash, wheat, &c.; to the Central Cam nittee iu Sydney. MK W. J, AIXAN, from the Department of Agriculture, visited Cowra <>u •Wednesday and gave a very instructive practical lesson in tree-plauting at Mr Wigg'a orchard, West Cowra, There were about two doaen local orchardifits and others present. Disappointment was expressed that Mr Allan's intended visit had not heen made public, as otherwise there would have been a much larger attendance of local orchardists. BICVCL® CLUB—The committee met on Monday night, when it was decided to hold a road race, open to members of Cowra and Woodstock Cluba, at a date to be arranged by a committee consisting of Messrs, Musgfave, H O West, and Britz; the distance to be from the foot of Lockyer's hi'l to Cowra railway gates, was donated by the Club as first Prize, and trophies will be given for the other prizes. The followiug officials were appointed to carry out the event—Judges, Messrs H Y Smith aed Munvford ; s'arter, Mr Bennett ; handicappers, Messrs H O Weat Britz and Musgrave; timekeepers, Messrs Britz aud S Stevenson. A committee vta-i appointed to report as to the hest day QU which to hold the annual spirts Oreit Csesar's Ghost J poor wasted frame, That once full vigour did p<»8> ae, l>.u'i he a mau in eaebut name, His cough h>s trough' him siuh distress, [ Y'riP ni> i( r!a! (;r -mile- t>> 'hmk Js'^t. winter's < i>M b.e'.i not endure, 0 ', HP er >« y die bat take a drink jt W. K, w« 44 Qr-at Pepp<-n(uut Qure, BECAUSE AUSTRALIANS AEE HCWUSST.—It is IV fiue compliment which the London, "Times" perhaps, unwittingly, pays to cokmjal honesty, wheu it offers to place in the home of anyone who may apply, a complete set of the Encyclopedia Britannic* upon the payment of a siutrle guinea, leaving the teraaindei to be paid in monthly instalments of one guinea, each. This feature of the offer made by the " Times" in our issue to-day is even more surprising than their ability to furnish this library of universal knowledge for less than, half the original price. The publishers' catalogue price was £'A1, but those who order th work now are to ieoi:ive ' it for 17 guineas only. Furthermore, those ! who elect to secure the set OJI the instalment plan have only one guinea to pay oa-h down, and the remainder may be paid at the rate of one guinea per month after the subscriber has received the complete 25 volumes into his home to use and ta enjoy while lie is paying for them. A conservative insli' utioii such as the Times" does not often assume great chauies lor loss, and the decision to put out 'he Enci/clopwdiit llritanniea ou this liberal plan must '.we been based upon, the conviction that, the lover of b oks who finds this coveted work placed within his reach is too hones'not to.meet theren-aining monthly payments when tliey fall due. AMATEUR TUOT—Considerable in. terest is being manifested in th amateur trot to take place ou Wed* resday pexfc on the Young Road, distance 10 miles. The event will start at 2 SO and finish at the two mile post near Mr Garden's residence. All horses are to trot in road buggies or sulkies. The nontir.atior.s are—Mr ; A King's The Flyer, Mr C T Deeley's Browney, Mr H M'Kenny's Whuefoot, Mr F King's Buropey. Mr J Reid's John Brown. Mr B Murray's Abe. Mr J Connolly's No Name, MrC.K Rose's Bob's THE Bob, MrVH Watt's. Dai'kie, Mr P. Links' Unknown, Mr S Davis' Creamy. Dr Foley's Nell. Mr A It West is the Hon Secretary. On the same afternoon a match between Sparkes* creamy horse and \- Gillett's brown mare for £5 aside will be run off on the racecourse ; distance Gfirlongs. CRIBBAGB TOURNAMENT.—The crib tournament i» aid of the School of Arts will be commenced on the 31st July instant, starting punctually at 8 p in. First prize £l Is; second silver mounted pipe. Already a number of nominations have been received, and intending competitors are requested to send their entries to the eommittee, Messrs Thomas. Howard, H C West, B-itz and S Stevenson; nomination fee has been fixel at 2s. 