"II'Vl1'D'HE BA !CDS OF A US AUSTRALIA." At the last meeting of the local Catholic Youg Men's Society, the following lecture on the above subject was delivered by the Reverend Father Quinnu:-While I sat down to think seriously over this lecture I was met with a difficulty not an original one I admiit to one in such a circumstance--vhat is going to be the subject of the lecture? I took up the syllabus and read, "Lecturo by Father Quinn." It seemed simple enough, but still there remained the diflieulty about the subject. I had oftenbn b in the same dilfficulty before about sermons, ibut thn sermuous were dilfferent. "Thero's one thing yon've got to rememnber," I said to miyself, that is, "a sermon is a ditlfferent thing to a lecture. I remulembered a bit of sound advice a reverend Professor of Eng lish:classics gave me long ago when I was young: " When you sit down to write an essay don't get thinking about how to be gin, but begin immuiediately." -Now 'im rig:ht thought I, dipping my pen, but ehou 1 reflected that the subject of those essays was alvays appointed. My present ease was different. That set me thinlking about that old professor-Father Stevens, was his nami--well-lknownu aud loved in Mel bourne before lhe joinred the Hloly Ghost Fathers, suder whom I was studying in Pallarat. IHe soon endeared himself to the boys there-particularly the boys in the English classics, and many a sound word of advice we got from hiia- advice that evidently produced good fruit, for oevery one of the 16 aoys that composed that class have turned out well--all except myself. On our first acquaintance he soluewhaat surprised us 'by annouiucing, "Every boy in my class must have a ' hobby.'" lo delincd a "a hobby" as a harmless anlusemient to pass spare time. Five or six tiimes a wceek he usedto address us in terns somewhlat like this" Wheun a boy leaves school the danger begins. In the first place he thinks lhe knows every thing, especially if he has passed an exami nation or two; tlhit mnakes hiii conceited, older boys patronise himn, and he becomes fond of strutting on the streets." Then with a tragic thump on the desk lie rused to add, " on every street tihere are 150 turns to the right and 150 to the left that' lead straight to hIell." Then he would filish in a calmer tone, "the boy. that hlas a hobby when he leaves school will.spend his spare time in perfecting 'it, will thus amuse himself, entortaii his friends anid acquire a distaste for forbidden pldeasules." lIe frigultened us at firs?,bnut after ~a tinime weo got to know what was cosming and.usdd to speculate our tlhe dchances of his changing the number of turns on .theo street t from 150, but he always adlered to thalnt nuinlier. Sometimes we used.to drawvhim out on the Ihobby question,: and then he would tell us how all'l the cgreat. men had hobblies in their young days; h-ow Napoleon used to marshal aud drill his tin Soldiers how Gladstone used to haunt tlio.he Pailia nent Hoises and imitate the niembrs for the entertitinment of lis ., play- mates. After a ,tinio we took seriously to the hobby queostion, and now, aifter t'n years; it affords ins much amusement to re-call some of the results.. One lad toolk -?to chlieniistry, and is now a duly: qubdalified chemist .in Melbourne .. We christenied him SSH2O04-, a'name he is lmowon by to this day, which is the chemical for sulphurie aid. Another took to: the study of oe plosives,- with the sad result that a feos years after h was killed in lichmond by the accidental igniting of 'ani explosivoe of his own invention, with which he was e.? perimenting in a kerosene tin. I incide hilt among thoseo. who turndd oud :ell. The collecting of stamps and other cuiss e?gaged the attention of many, and I. was pleased to see somb of their names figuring as prizetakeors at the exhibitioi' held in Warrndmbool a couple of years ago.: My-: self and another lad took t:o studyipg poetry. After a thne we decided, to con fine ourselves to Austriflian poets. We decided thait this poetic literatUiro of our native land was sadily neglected, and that it wahired a couple of chamlsions--like our-s selves-in order that it might be valued at its true worth. At all times eo advob'afed the beauties of our heroes, anl indignantly repudiated the idea that Shak?spearo could be compared to Gordon, 4r:'Shelley to cndall. Later on see esut" lsaove got tale idea that they eveh could be imrovepd on, for we tooki to writineg poetry ourselves. Wo had a debating society;, with a so ga zinc, arid for a locg time wo ran a poets corner, oaer the anonymious title of "The Chuims. The editor of the nieagazine was Normailn E'Lean, the present Premier's son, and when the college broke up, and tlhe good fathers returnedd to Ireland, Nor man took the archives of the socioty home to Gippsland wisth him,' and I was just thinlking that if' he had the good fortuelo to bring that magazine to Sbuth Africa twith him thie war would have been over long since, as a few quotations fhisomthe poets': corner I'm sure would have boeen effective. After a time the poets' corner beecamo too limited for us, so owe tried the no\vspapors. The B'allarat 8tar, the .As tralosian, and t few country papers 'ignored us but we core told they. didn't Ikncw what good pocty was, so we tried the Sydney Blillctin. " At least," .oe said, "they will tell us what they think of it". We scanned the "answers column"n, and sure enough there was our name--"Theo Chums.'" -"Conie over to Sydney and be shlot,;wias all it said, butt that was einoughl; We we'e ihdignant! " Jisu faiey," ve ssaid, tlihe BlleCtio, tei alleged champion of Australiaso literaturo trying todiscouragce us like that"':lloweve, not being abloe to obtain leave of absonce; we declined the invitation to go to Syd5iu. A friend consoled us by remarking, "thlnt is the wosy the Bullaeie has, ia:is simply jealous because you areo Vietoriansj: try again." TWe alloied :it sufficient time to unloaild the gun arid fEirdt our liaudwriting, and thed soc totried again; separ'ately this tiee, in order to give as muche troiblo ifs possible. Iti tloe next numibor Iny chum': got his answir, "'.While there's life there's hope." It 1 as a bit obsero, but on aiily sing it?.o tlhoulot it meant encourage ment. But wchte of niy'contribution ? MIy friend suggested that ithis timee thley were sending a man over to slioot mc on the spot, but in the snettnumber cane the asiv-er, "Too pious for the sinful old Bmlsetin, but will publish." I remember Ihowr jubilant wre were t the time, not so mieoh at the proupect of seeing sny piccoiu print, but at the fact that the Bualtetisi ad mitted that it was an old shiner. I will quote that pocem here, hot that it deserves to rank with the rest of the poetry I will oanote for you to-night, but as a tribute to the nmemory of Fathler Stephens, who, in his desire for my celfaro, eounselled the selection of a hobby, the first fruits of which werer these few verses: THE SISTEo or MERCY.c Roses tarti eblush 'neath tlhe clonce; oa syring Garldons o:ith chiaplets thai \rclo c sie obe, ' V'iol t that ronnia thie-is siset perfules do fl:ug In the sister reflcctel their gentleness see., Youthfl :ndl beautiful, beaming with love, Love or tile needy ill inisery hurled, .? eel of ht'rl~io'so:' sel, feronst sove A hensld o0 jsy osid of perco to the esord. Noer.shed aud rocde I i thie cradle of coss, P1 n:y aul pleasureo bat wait d hlier nOd; Trasleud, despiicol, o'en forgoltena sd these, A virg'ins unsulliiI she Olhs to hr Goed, Gusidis; thi ehil iui the pathway of right, Trl;'illn young tllhdrci's roin virta to twine, Keplissg the crowll of swseet insolcesel bright, TJ.Lching roogh ge:as till with glory theJ shl no cS.higlksllloO toosi froos:ll ,'rilm poyetiy's d:l;, Benslt:,s osor torsms isat sir io wrtsslg aao;y, ri'tissg 'ite i r frosi site 'tmiaitr h'er sirlt-i Forages the he:rt haid ftrgotten ti lhy. Thunders of battle withl t rror ne'er strike, OC.'aIs Otllt easbi Sclsil est'er schlsseh or reisel Tesls~hsg itsoaussnsdcd. ,iseo'ittg d 'iha Tie whisz of thia Iallet or hslrst at ile sllot Smiles nt'l a kisetidoss wlshre khih'ess can heal, srcas for tle wronmg tlet is riast her control; Widow in I ophasit antl I riseo tr feel tr words sp;e.d ua balm o'er the wouu!s of the soul. No fhmyoerite she, u aill rteru tshov owsas, Thait opreood te dirso hoeil o'rr h loe esuaisltc s~ee. No ?Pnl ea rls to i s hofort it Itot rac, ]n 1 hats' oillrostr~t atol for tho a fts of cr roes. Oft isn s galdc, with weeds eovored o'er, ?vhero cesers of na' ure oice pertumed the air, Where footstepa of sualmer tiow ligeor no more,, A lily still raises her purity there. Thus, ns tto flower ssie l bc isi~ihlt cus sit blow E'ea tosleuh its Iot soiul the bri.ra hae cost, And smiini aoldOa thac ll hmaro lovaliues ahows, The isticr of msrcy shtall teasa tO the icst, As this is not a paper on my own poetic idiosyncrasies, little more mary be said on tlie subliject. W lsad ?a littl. succeoss hn'4 miucl! disapjlpointuci1t fr a couftl of 1 1years,' aitsu taiter 'Ywe Inigrated to Oydniey by esutlal coanset we decided to abandon the 1t4ue, I often thlouight since that the muse was lucky to get rid of us. Howeover, we still clung to our hobby of the study of Australian poets, and many a pleasant hlour was passed with them in the land of the muse. WVith maturor judgment now, aid after years of study has sharpened the critical instinct, I can still filnd muchl to admire, much to fascinate, much that any Old World poet miight envy int thihe singers who hasve sung the bcauties of our native land. The romance that clings to nearly every acre of soil in the old country Ihas in spired the great Old World poets with their thmest. Shalecspeare santg thte wars of E'ngland's kings and queens, and Teinnyson reincarnated thie hye-gone days of heraldry and rosantce it Isis poeti ai dramas. Australia lhas little or nio romnsntic past as yet; no white-haired grandfthoer can'sit at evenilsg by hIis Autstraliian hsome and poinlt to where thi Roliman legions trod, or the Noruman knights in sarmour clad fought and fell, or where the proud Napolcon swept Iis conquering braves to the fatal field of Waterloo. In the years to cone (long may those years be), wheno every mountain peak conceals a gun, and every field below is a fatal battle field for tie invading army, vhon Australia rises up to sweep thi arrogant Itussian or the insidious Japsinese back to their northern homes, thon Aus tralis will begin to havd a romantic past, and hlier poets will begin to have a theme worthy of their colonial muse. At present their sphecre is limied. In a noew land, ohere even thie bright plumed native birds ire songless, they have had to wioo the poetic muse. Int tle old hland Australia's awn poetic child, Henry Kendall, might hnve been a Tennyson or a Milton, and Pordon might lhave displaced Ierowning Friom his proud pedestal of English famne. EFowever, we tlust take our poets as we nd them, and thecy are decidedly not bad. 0'hey appeal to us motre strongly than the )ld World poets, because they play their tbunes on hearts symp:sthetid with btlioir swn Australian hearts. Aduam Lindsay sordon we can scareo claim for our pwn. Ne was an Englishmian, and a poor speei noen-a black sheep whom Englanid didn't seem to want. (To be CoatiOrue.). 