A LIFE'S DRAMA.. AN AUSTRALIAN STORY, Specially Written for the liowral Free Press. BY WILFRED. ACT j 11.-"Life's Dream is O'er : A Welcome Best at Last. THERE was a strange stillness in and around the Souker's Arms. . .On the landlord's bed was'laid the un conscious form of the Major, attended by the local chemist, who was also doctor and registrar and numerous other officials in one. But clever-when sober. Scotty was in attendance. ." Spine injured severely, skull fractured badly ; smashed up completely ; live two | days-perhaps I" commented the scratch doctor. He.aever wasted words. Scotty nodded ; his thoughts were too strongly-tinted for speech. From a distant room came the agonis ing sobs of a woman in distress ; cursing the day that saw her birth. The landlord was in possession of the bar. And his language was decidedly variegated. .Cross-questioning.him were The Crow, Bandy, and Bill Simmons, the Major's lieutenant and station storekeeper. Out side Ginger walked aimlesly around, now and again indulging in forcible aboriginal linpo. The atmosphere was ljot, from the slimy creek the haze rising in small clouds that added to the skeleton appearance of an ajicient gum that marked the approach to the creek. It was a day to induce thirst, but the station trio were not drinking. The horse had arrived at tlje station riderless, and they had covered the road like a whirl wind in search of the missing rider, " Tell us 'ow it 'appened, Bloated, an' jione o' yer lies. The 'orse ain't foaled that 'd chuck tlie boss fair dinktim." "Ain't I comin' to that Bandy ?"' said the landlord in an injured tone. Well, 'urry up ; if yer don't some 'un '11 : get 'urt," added the Crow. ! " Give him time," interposed Simmons* . " Where's Flo. ?" he added. " In bed-; got 'istrikes, an4 kicldn' like blazers, bust'er." " Good enough ; go on. You said the Major came in and spoke to you ?" ' "Yes. He were a-talkin' to me jest' 'ere ; Flo." and 'er bobby pjtchin' guiet like in the corner there." " Do you mean Neil ?" " Yes, Slimy. They 'ad their .'eacl's close together, and-" Muggin' each other, I s'pose. Darn, that slohberi.o'; we wont to know wot. knocked the Major off his onion," s.aid the Crow aggressively. " That did," responded the landlord per-/ VOHKly. ' '???. : ? .. !. "Wot did, yer lump o' bloat';; wot did ?" interjected Bandy. ' " Ain't I ;va-tellin' yer !. Me- an' thei. M&yor; \yere talkin' when FI©. sung out t6" 'im. I don't think'e'eard '.er. Anyways he made no answer. I c'd see as'owFlo. was narked, and she got as red asi'Sr'ead. Neil said somethin". to'-'er and slie'sung out-O Lor' I'll never, forget it." " What was it ; we must know," said Simmons quietly, " She s'd-now don't go a-bla'min' me gents.-she said, . Yer too bloomin' proud are yer,'says she. ' Tryin' to take 'im down, FRED Person. YOU a Major! yer a bloomin' lag ; that's wot yef are, ain't yer?" " I thought so-Slimy," said someone from the doorway ; Scotty had been listening quietly to the conversation. '.Shetup; go on Bloated," yelled the Crow. " I'm a-goin' on," was the retort. The Major never said er word. 'E looked at e'm both, and turned white like a ghost. E' asked me for a brandy an' he nearly tuk 'arf a pint. Then 'e went straight.to the'orse, Flo standin' at the door anil, watchin' 'im. Wot 'appened I don't know. I 'eard Flo. yell an' flop down an' commence to kjcjs. Then they brung 'im in. Wot'}} yef 'avg ?" he finished in a mild tone. They quaffed the liquor before a word was spoken. The Crow was the first to open his lips, and then there issued a storm of language so warm that it, Scotty afterwards as serted, fairly sizzled his beard. Dandy took up the chorus and held his end up for the credit of the back-blocks. Bloated had heard some monumental blasphemy in his day, but nothing that could come up to the Dandy Crow duett. When they had stopped for breath, Scotty took a hand. . " I knew," he remarked, and addressing Simmons, who had not uttered a word, " that that (adjective) copper was up to something. -1 could see it in-his eye, -B«t blow me if I thought Flo. would have dealt i|t out like that." v .' " Jealousy ? " said Simmons, a query in his tone. . " Couldn't have been. The Major was always very civil to her, that was all. But he was civil to everybody. I heard Slimy mention his name when speaking to Flo. and wanted to give him a hint, but he wouldn't wait. Some day I shall meet Slimy quietly," he added in a mean ing tone. " Yer can 'avp 'jm-arter we're done, eh, Dandy ?" said the Crow. " 'E c'n 'avg a bit of 'jin " assented his pal, ff The crowd of you had bctt.er watch yourself,'' advised Simmons. " I always thought the Major had some deep trouble on his min.d. . He may have been in some trouble, but from no fault of his own I dare sweari As to his being a lag, that is all rot. I knew his name was Pearson. He made a will about a couple of hundred pountjs lie has. That was the name I witnessed, but I'never gave it a second thought." " There's a letter 'ere for ' F.. Pearson, Esq', from Sydnej," said the landlord postmaster. " It only came this mail. You'd better tak't Mr. Simmons." Simmons took the letter, noting that it was addressed in care pf the manager. This looked as if the writer was uncertain as to the identity of any such a person on the station. " Ever had one addressed like this before ?" he asked the landlord, at the same time pocketing it. ! . " Never one like that ; always 'ad the name o' the shanty o'your'n on 'em." " I saw them myself. Do yon want me?" he asked the medico, who came in just then. "Yes; whisky." The last was .directed tojthe landlord. Pouring the liquor down without wink the doctor progressed slowly to the living portion of the house. Turning round at the door lie beckoned to Scotty, the three entering the room of the dying man together. The Major had not moved. His boots had been cut ofT his feet, and part of his clothing taken away. Both arms lay by his side, the left wrist swollen, evi dently wrenched by the bridle rein. Against the pillow rested his head, from I the wounds in which the life-blood had trickled, staining the snowy sheets in dark, repulsive spots. The white face was drawn and haggard, the light beard adding to its ghastly appearance. Not a tnark:disfigured the clear skin, on which a few hours previous the rich hue of health had glowed. In pantomime the doctor explained that the horse had reared and struck the Major on the head with his fore feet as he came down. The base of the skull had been fractured, and the spinal cord injured. " Will he speak again, doc. ?" whispered Scotty. " Might; .can't tell; strong man . legs (.paralysed.'''' . j " The angelic Flo, any better ?" asked j Simmons. " Going to see *, consummate ass." He didn't explain who the title was meant for ; and it didn't trouble his hearers. \ Sadly Scotty and Simmons gazed on .the still form before them. A perfect [-specimen of Australian manhood when he had fallen under the siren attractions .of Kate Hudson two years previous, he had developed into all that muscular humanity should be. Twenty-four hours before strong in health and proud in his strength. Now a mass of crushed bones ftnd lacerated sinews. . : ? " Slimy is responsible for. this ?" said .Scotty tentatively. \- f He and jealousy combined with Flo. ! as understudy. Curse her," he added savagely. Scotty looked up in surprise at the tone. He had never, known him to speak harshly before. Simmons noticed Scotty's look, and with a w.ordof apology at bjs.; hastiness, .t.iirn'ed as if to leave the room. . But his companion placed a restraining hand on his arm, pointing with the other to the bed.. ' j ' . i* Following the direction indicated both looked into the \vide-opened eyes of the Major- -v . : "-: His lips moved, but no sound could be heard. The eyes were opened, but the light'of reason was absenit, ,. if- The; unintelligible' mutterings were ?J painful to listen to. Yet they could do J? nothing. |'-ft " Bjing the doctor at once. Hurry up." i'^ft ;was Simmons who spoke. ]U'': Scotty disappeared rapidly, finding the. : man he was in search of in the bar with the whisky bottle before him. Coming out of the bar Scotty yarded him in a .corner, with a baleful glare in his eye. . " Look here, doc." whispered Scotty, "'we allknow the Major's going to throw a seven. That's a cert. But you get on the booze before he cries the main and there'll be two vacancies hereabouts. Don't you forget it." The doctor looked at his captor, blinked fiercely, shook himself free, and made his way to the sick man. Scotty watched him enter the room, | grinned fn a self-satisfied . way, ? and then returned to the bar. He, in his own ex pressive vocabulary, was " going to take a fall out of Bloated." The landlord un i wound himself from his last'dose of " oil," 'and looked up enquiringly. V A word in your ear, Bloated," mur mure4 Scotty. " If you give the. doc. more thatr three nips a day, with a little extra- for a night-cap, until the Major passes the kip, the station men will play merry with your shanty. Do you twig?" . The landlord' notified that he did, and Scotty returned to his post by the Major-. Gently opening the door the sound of a strange voice saluted his ear, causing a look-of surprise to overshadow the self satisfied grin. The doctor was bending over the bed and watching his patient intently. The rolling eyes and tremulous tones were .painful to look at. '. . " Mad ; never be sensible again," said theidoctor. From the bed came, in low topes of ".Kate J- Kate ! Why-are-you-so lonji ?" ?'/ The warped memory had gone back to that" Spring morning'two years before when he'bad wearily paced the pavement in front of the Darlinghurst gaol, waiting the coming of the. false houri who had been his curse first ; and now indirectly his murderer. Many a time had he mentally gone over that episode-the first and strongest love of his- manhood. Something must have | stepped her coming, he had fondly thought. No thought of her falsity had entered his mind, and .only a few days 1 previous to his accident he had convinced himself that it was shame at having been the unwitti»g cause of his imprisonment that had kept her away, and had blamed himself for not seeking her. Late as; it was he had determined to visit Sydney at Christmas for the purpose. All this, and ,the history, of that time, his hearers gathered slowly from the dis jointed. utterances-a woman's perfidy; a man's sacrifice. .More and more painful became the cry for " Kate ! Kate 1" Suddenly the voice of the doctor was heard. His fingers were on the dying man's wrist. " Going ; bring Flo.; won't know ; clear!" To be Contimifd. 