SOMELUSTGOLDMJNE With things so dull in the oity (says the * Financial News'), the speculatively inclined may tsks up the clues to buried treasure furnished by Mr F. W. Hodge, of the United States Bureau of Ethnology, who recently returned from a two months' tour on the s nth west Mexican border. He heard many etnrii 8<f buried trt-aeare, of wbich we repM-dooe one o< two. Lost gold mine?, of course,, are nut entirely sew to the city. Some, bearing well-known names, are so thoroughly lost that they have sever been found, although markets are made in the shares. Between the yesis 1736 and 1740, Don Diego Aemendi, a wandering Mexican miner, reached a settlement of the Papago Indians, situated almost upon the present b undary line between Aricms and Sonora, Mexico, and by some chance came across a hidden epoeit of silver, He astonished the Mericant by returning with what was probably the largest virgin lump of the white metal before or since found in the world, containing 2,7061b of pure silver, Another lamp weighed 275 lb, and the aggregate weight of several other nuggets was 4,026 b. A dispute arose with the Mexican Customs authorities, who pnt an enormons tax on these DVgge'e. and the Viceroy was appealed to. He decided tbat the controversy, involving, as it did, the largest silver nugget found in the world, was beyond fiis responsibility, and tbat it w-u d have to be referied to the King of Spain himself. The King, taking the Viceroy's hint, promptly ruled that a nogge; weighing 2,7001b must be regarded as & curiosity, and that all natural curiosities of great value found in the colonies muEt byoourtesy he regarded as the property of the Grown. Aemendi waB naturally heartbroken at suoh trea ment, and if said to have left Mexico in disgust with -out revealing the precise locality of the Wonderful mine. It was, however, known beyond doubt that the lumps of silver were found in OH seat the - Papago - settlement of Ariz ^naa The name Arizonac thereupon became widely applied to this region, and when the present territory of Arizona was carved out of Mexico its uame was directly derived from this eame Papago village, nesr whieh the abandoned min« of Aemendi still remains undeveloped. The Papsgos still have their little settle ment on tbe spot, and would not resist any attempt to mine the region. ! Mr Hodgs learned, from an old and reputable authority, of a sore of lest gold* known to have remained buried i-ince a generation ago, somewhere between w-iat »T« now two email stations —« M'GartyV and ' Grant '—15 miles apart on the Santa Fe |*i»cifia railroad. A Mexican expedition was returning from the Galifcrnisn goldfielde laden with treasure when tb»y heard that a great - bancs of Navajos ' were about to raid them They hastily buried tbeir precious burdens in the district indicated, but had hardly covered the last nugget and planted certain marks before the Indians swept upon them, and slaughtered all except one, who eejcaped to the settlement. Hurry' 'ing in search of others to help him recover the gold, the man met with a mishap, after giving a mtagre description of the hiding place. A party searched for the spot designated, and started excavating; but one of the men hit with his shovel a st< na witii peculiar markings, which resounded with suoh a W'erdiy hollow tap as to lead him to believe' that something uncanny resided bBneatb. He alarmed his companions, who, being of a superstitious nature, imagined/that in a cavern hsneath the: soil the ghosts of the\nassacred miners were watching as sentries over their lost treacue. ' Another etory'tafers to quite a recent date. A dozen or more years ago as Aaaeiican named Adams earns hurrying baok from, the Jfavsjo country into the miniag town of Gallup, on the Santa Fr Paeifioroad, in.Western New Mexico, literally weighed down with huge nuggets of purs gold. The people in the Iccality at pnoe became wild with exoitement. Adims told how he, with several companions had discovered" a rieh mine in the | Navajo reservation, and how they were just gathering from the surface saeh hugs nuggets ss he carried with him when they were all raided by a hostile band of Indians. While fleeing for their lives all were butchered excepting himself. A large party was at once organised, with luffififont strength to recover the mise; bot Adams, who held the key to the situation, succumbing to the excitement of his terrible ordeal and narrow escape, went. raving mad, and SOOE afterwards died in an insane aeylum. The party, however, attempted the recovery of the gold, but soon returned unsuccessful. « A .fourth story runs:—* In the town of Tiama, which lies partly on the Galif drais and' partly on the Arizona side of the Colorado Rivet, there lived 30 or 40 year ago a Mexican known to possess a rich but nnd« velopsd gold aunesomswhera in the desert to the west. Whenever be became in want he mysterioufly dieappeared from the li tie town by night Be was always careful to changs his course each trip, so as to avoid, by retracing his tracks, the leaving of a trail sneh as might lead others to the spot. Returning, usually in about a week, the man was always heavily laden with precious metal, the mysterious soured of which weighed upon the curiosity of the entire neighborhood. 