KIT AND AUNT PERLINA. Aunt Perlina Acfeley was a woman of many eccentricities who nsnally made a lasting impreE Bion on those she met. She was not my aunt or tbe annfc of any one I knew, but she was ' Annt Perlina' to the neighbourhood in general. Perhaps she was annt to many other neighbourhoods, for she was nomadic in ber ways. I do not remember that she ever stayed at our house longer than three or four daya at one time, and she came and went entirely at her own con venience. SomitimeR, when she was about to de pait, my mother would ask her when we might ex pect ta see her again. ' Never, mebbe. You'll know it when I get here,' she would reply. She had been a childleaa widow lor many years. With an aged and singularly bony horse hitched to a queer, two-wheeled cart that had long seemed in imminent danger of falling to pieceB, Aunt Perlina waa wont to journey about the country as she pleased. Her worldly possessions consisted of the cartj Old Dave, thehoree, and a few odds aud ends of clothing, none of which had besnmade originally for her, but which she wore with the utmost complacency. Sha had an utter contempt for fashion. When she arrived at our house she would say, even while untying her bonnet-stringa : ' Now, Jane Reed, get out your mending-bad and let me see what condition the children's things are in. Or if you've any carpet-rags you want sewed up, or a sheet you want turned, get 'em out and I'll begin on 'em. She was equally ready to b'oil soap, weave, dye, knit, spin, sew, nurse the sick, do 'pig-work,' husk corn, pick geose, milk cows, or clean house. She took 'her place aa 'ono of the family' the moment she entered the door. We were eating our dinner ono June day, when Aunt Perlina announced her arrival by a loud and peremptory call for some one to come ont and put up Old Dave. Father sent me opt to the barn-yard and when I reached it Aunt Perlina had Old Dave partly unhitched from the cart. 'Hello, Jimmy!' she said. 'Polks all well? They are ? That's good. Hope they haven't eaten up all the dinner, for I'm hungrier than a bear, and I guesn you're moat starved, too, aren't you, Kit ?' Kit was a little girl I had never before seen. She sat up on the high seat of the cart, striking at the dashboard with the whip-handle and playing' a. tattoo with her heels on the under part of the cart seat. She. looked at me with ]9t black eyes almost hidden by a tangle of blaok hair. She wore a ragged straw hat with a faded green ribbon around the crown, and two or three rooster tail-feathera standing up in front in a very rampant way. ' 1 'Hungry?' said Kit, in a clear and singularly penetrating voice. ' Hungry isn't any name for it. What's your name, boy ?' Before I could reply she said, ' Oh, I know, your namo'a Jimmy. I heard her call you so. If I was as big as you are I'd make folks call me 'Jim.' Jimmy's babyish. I knew a boy once named Jim — Jim Sciles he was, but he wasn't as big ai you, and he didn't have so many freckles. Say, I know what'lt cure warts. Tou juat take a black thread, boy, and then you get some of tbe hair from a black dog's tail, and then — ' 'There, there, you jump out and let's go into the house and see what they have to eat,' said Aunt Perlina. Kit bound airily out of tbe enrt and Btood before ma, a slightly built girl about fourteen years old. ' Where'd I get her ?' Baid Aunt Perlina, while she was helping my mother to wash the dinner dishes itnd Kit wbb out in the barn in the haymow, laughing and shrieking, and dating Ted, my younger brother, to jump with her from a high beam. ' I just literally picked her up in the road, one day „wo weeks ago, over near Hagarstown. I waB driving along, and I came acroBS some movers who were in a peck of trouble. There was a man and his wife and this Kit. The woman was at the very point of death when I drove up. Fever of some sort. She didn't live but an hour, and I went on to Hagarstown and had the authorities take charge of the affair, for the man said he didn't have a dollar. I took Kit with me to keep until afcer the funeral, but bleBS you, when that was over, the man cleared out, and I've got Kit yet. I could have put hor into the Hagarstown poorhouse, but I guess I know too much about that institution to carry any child there.' 'Didn't her father — ' began my brother. 'He wasn't her father,' interrupted Aunt Ptirlina. ' Ha was only her uncle by marriage, and from what Kit says, that'd aB nigh of kin ub I'd want him to be to me. Hi-/U never turn up, and Kit hasn't a relative on earth that she knows of.'' . ' What can you do with her, Aunt Perlina ?' 'I don'c know what,' replied Aunt Perlina. ' She's smart, but she needs tiaining. She's lived like a gipsy for the laac five years, and she's wild as a colt. One thing's certain, that uue'le of here aint going to have her agaia if he does turn up. ' She don't say muuh about him,' Auot Perlina went on, * but what little she h»B said convinces me that hn was a bad lot. Kit Bobcrs right up and looks scared every time I Bay N-it Ray to her — that's hici natce. I didn't like Iii'b looks a hit. Don'c you want me to bile a kettle of soap for you thia afternoon, Jane Reed ? I see you've got a loc of grease on hand.' My mother was very glad of the Bervioe, and while Auut Perlina ' biled soan,' Kit, to uae Aunt Perlina'a words? ' tore round all over creation.' She visited every part of the farm; but a little before sunset Bhe came into the house and sat down soberly, with her elbows on her knees and her ohin in her hands. 'Tired out?' said Aunt Perlina. 'Yes.' ' I don't wonder.' The ghost of a smile came into Kit's rather pale face, and there was a far-away look in her black eyee. She woald not come to the eupper-tablo, although she had declared nt about live o'cIook that she was 'starved to death.' 'It's just one of her whims,' raid Aunt Perlina, 'although I rnijat say she's never acted like this before.1' Like most farmers' families, wb went to bed very early, and by half past eiuht every light was out but one that father carried as he went aiuuad lock ing doors and windows. He did nut do this every night in the summer-time. We often slept with every door and window wide open, but on this particular night father had several hundred dollars ia cash in the house, the money having been paid to him that afttrnoou for sume land he had sold. 'I gueBS no one knows anything about it,' father had said when mother advised that the windows and doora be securely fastened. But some one did know all abont it. A tall, thin, evil-looking man, hidden ia the woods across the meadow, had been within hearing distance when Hrv Hargrave had called out to futher, who was at work iu a field by tbe roadside: ' ' I've come to pay you that money, Mr. Reed!' Kit had been gathering wild flowers, when this man suddenly appsarod beforo her from behind a clump of bashes. ' Why, Nat Bay 1' Bald Kit, paling and trembling. 'That's my name, Kit, my dear,' he replied, mockingly. ' Where'd you come from ? And where you been staying since yon left your own done uncle ? ' ' I've been staying with some one I like a good deal better than I line you, and I'm never going to live witn you again, Nat Ray— never!' said Kit, with some show of Bpirit. ' You ain't, hey ?' said the man, oneeringly. ' I gueBS you would if I said so. Your Aunt Hattie was your lawful gardeen, and suppose I showed a paper she signed, making me your gardeen after her death ?' Ho drew out a folded paper na he Bpqko, and held it up before Kit, triumphantly. 'I won't go with you for anything!' she oaid. ' You'll have to. But come, tell me where you're staying now.' 'I'm staying up there.' She pointed to our house. ' And they're good to me, Nat Ray, better than you ever wore. You won't try to take me away from them, will yon ?' Her voice changed to one of entreaty, and the man's face suddenly lightod. He affected a smile that was really a grin as ha said, in a cajoling tone : 'S'By'ng up thare. hey ? Well, Kitty, tny dear, thats just where I'd rather have you than any other place, lt'e juat where you kin be of bo much use to me that if you'll do me a trifling little ser vico up there I'll be on my way to Australia to morrow, and you'll never Bee me again as long aB you live. If you'il do it, I'll hand you over thia gardeen paper your Aunt Hat gave me, nnd you can burn it up, and then you'll be free to cbooae your own gardeen.' ' What is it you want me to do ?' asked Kit, eagerly. ' The most triflin' little service in the world. You just slip down after they're all gone to bed to night and unbolt tho front door — oh, don't look bo Bkeered ! I aint goin' to harm a bouI.'. ' What do you want to get in for ?' ' Well, that Mr. Reed has a trifle of money, ju?t a few dollars, iu tho house that he don't need, and it would holp me on my,way to Australia. If I did aB well there as I'm sure I'd do, I'd pay it all back some time. I would for aure, Kit. Couldn't you snoop around u little, Kit, aud find out where he keeps hia pocketbook ? Mind, I'll give you the gardeen paper and clear out for Auatralia to morrow, if you'll do it.' Poor Kit ! Her moral perceptions had been bo misled under the tutelage of this man and her aunt that Bhe hardly know right from wrong. But Bhe had a sense of gratitude. ' I don't want to, Nat. They've been good to me,' she said. He used threats and made promises until Kit left him with the understanding that Bhe would do aa he wished. By ten o'clock our house was dark and Bilent. Kit slept alone in a little room' over tbe kitchen. At about eleven o'clock she Btole down-stairs stealthily and silently. Slowly Bhe turned the key in the lock of the front door. The door made no sound as Bhe opened it wide enough to step out on a little porch over the door. A moment later a man stole around the corner of the house and stepped on the porch in hia stocking feet. ' That yon, Kit ?' he whispered. 'YeB.' ' Did you find ont where the money waa ?' ' 'Yes.' ' Where, Kit, where ?' ' I won't tell you.' 'What?' ' I won't tell you, and I won't let you into the houBe! I won't, I won't ! I've loeked the door behind me, and I'll throw the key away if you come Bearer 1' 'I— I — see here, Kit, you know m«, and you know I won't stand'no fooling ! Give. me that key «d let me in or I'll — ' 'I don't care what you do, Nat! I don't care iliout the gardeen papers, or anything. I know tbat these are good folks, and I've seen what's right now. 1 won't let you in, I won't! You can kill me, but — ' ' It's what I'll do !' said the maD, with an oath, as he strode forward. Three times Kit's shrill voioa rose in screams for help. There was a sound of scuffling and struggling and ell waB still on tbe porch. . . Father bounded out of bed at Kit's first- scream, tarid Aunt Perlina' wao half-way down the stairs with a fcedquilt trailing behind her when Kit screamed for the third time. ' It's Kit !' ebe said to father, as he ran into the hall. ' She's ontdoorB somewhere !' They found Kit, bleeding and insensible, on the porch. 'I juat believe that Nat Ray is at the bottom of this !' said Aunt Perlina, as father carried Kit into the house. She was unconscious all night, and her firat words in the morning were : ' He didn't get it, did he ?' 'Gat what?' aBked Aunt Perlina. ' Mr. Reed's money. Nat R*y didn't get it, did he ? He said he wonld. And O Aunt Perlina, can he take me away from you with thoae gardeen papers?' ' ' Gardeen' fiddlestick !' eaid Aunt Perlina, when she had heard the Btory. 'No court in the land would let him bo your guardian now. Don't you worry about that. He won't show up again around hero. I gupss you've done with Mr. Nat Ray for good, now, Kit.' This proved true. Kit never saw him again. Before she had recovered from her injuries, father and mother had decided that she should remain at our house permanently, an arrangement that greatly pleased Annt Perlina, and ono which I may add, we never had cause to regret. ' You ought to come nnd live with us, too. Aunt Perlina,' said my mother. ' Me — live in one place ! Snakea alive, Jane Roed, what aro you thinking about ? I don't need reclaiming. Catch me giving up my independence tbat way !' ' But you'd be jnst nn independent. I'd never think of interfering with you,' said my mother. 'Well, I guees nobody'd tryiftaJ!' said Aunt Perlina. ' I expect you mean right, — I know you do, — but yon don't understand. Me — why, I live! I Bee folks. I know what's going on everywhere. I'm welcome anywhere. And what on earth about three hundred lonesome women, that don't get beyond their own doors tnice a month, would do without the news and the help Aunt. Perlina brings along in her old cart, is more than I know !' 'I nnver thought of that,' ' said my mother, abashed. ' Aren't you always elad to see uie, and sorry when I go, Jane Reed ?' 'Of course I am, Aunt Perlina, always.' ' Thon think of the others. VV'by, I'm a kind of travelling refresher for folkB. There ian't a missionary more needed than I nra.' And sho took her departure after nn unusually Bhort stay, nn if fearful that sho might neglect the important duties ot life amid the comforts of ono home. 