PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT.' ft Author o! "Teg tlitiRate,'1 "Kilty the Rag-," "Two Bid Blue Eyes," "A "Woman la IV" i'Darbv and Jpan," "The Grinding Mills of God," " A Daught^of lh® Peopl^," •' A Husband of Ho Importance," &o;„ -Ao. COPYRIGHT; CHAPTER iCXX\Tl.—[Ccntiimtd.) E : Crab Apple el unified or took fright, poor father was piekod up hv a farming i JIv .. man, I'i hear the mino of Balieswlddcn. He may f* Iiavo been cantering over tho downs near that :' strange circle of stones—10 in number-— t r whoso history in unknown. My mother h if distraught with grief. I foci too dazed and * painod for much show of sorrow. "We fear (bat tho shook of his sou's death will have a disastrous effect on my grandfather. His | mind is already much impaired, and his moode get stranger every day. . i • » • « ? Hay 2Qth.—At Penlinrva. My mother and tare staying here. The old man would have f me, and X would not leave her. We laid rov : dear father to rest in the old churchyard, where* many a generation of the family lie buried. My mother tells too that owing to this I maybe the heiress of my grandfather. . It ia therefore probable that tucy will urge \- mo to marry my cousin, John Pcuharva. In • this manucr tho name and the property will bo kept together. I cannot but confess here, i and to my own heart, that the idea docs not please mo. I have nought hut cousinlyaffec uon for John Ponharva. I do uot wish to bo C his wife. I do not tell ir.y grandfather this. \ It would vex him, and iu his frail condition that would ho scarcely kind. > The old house is very inelpncholr. My ' bed-ehamher is in the oldest part of > it, and %■; the easements look out oa the kitchen pardon , and orchard, and > all the fields of corn and lye now waving green and beautiful in the £ warmsuusbiue. The front of the house faces the sea, but is sunk too deep in the hollow of ' the cliff to allow of more than the sound of it. And weird and-melancholy it is in time of '(■' itorm/sach as our coast knows. How I miss you, dear, father. ITo was £. cheery, aud ftdl of good humour and good f spirits. - My mother is ever weeping and !-melancholy, and my grandfather full of ctningo fancies and cranks. They say we Pcpharvae always get crazed as we'grow old. If that is so, I am glad my dear father died In his prime, for it would have broken my heart to see him thus. I fancy tho old house accounts for it. It is full of mystery and gloom, of weird sounds and shadows. Thoy say it is haunted, but of that I am supposed "to know nothing. Yet I doubt if any ghost would frighten me. I am not timorous or weak liko my mother. And if I met some long passed awav ancestor or ancestress in the&o; gloomy corridors I should but feel a curious and mtenso interest m their reasons for re-visiting Pcnharva. I would dearly love to question such a ghost. II" • tt ^Qne —I have made a straugo dis-' ccvcry. ^h° ma"k were engaged in cleaning $nu iS &ITan;^nS uiy bed-chamber this moruiug. It Ei J'^^itated the moving of tho great mahogany r-IT low-poster from its place, and oneo moved I Jade them leave it in its new position facing tap window, thus allowing mo some chance t; glimpse of moruiug sun and waving trees in or® tho grounds beyond. Tiffs afternoon, while my grandfather Elept, I went up to my u!k ^° I"arr;1I1£'0^ chamber to inspect its altera * F ^ar^cncr.had cut away a good portion f Cl tho screening creepers. Tho window I v* 'uu, screening creepers. Iho window >P J Stood wide open to the sweet frcsli air. Cur f- °8,0/ bright chintz framed it on cither side, > Iv . {5^ t^oso of tho bedstead, from which _• jj£° heavy moreen had been > removed. If ft v ± <T chairs had been beeswaxed and ] a ij^hsned, and the > same chintz covered their ; Jaded cushions. My writing table stood ® bookshelf, well filled with my own perished volumes of Scott, aud Milton, and tjJano Austen, and Mrs. Gaskcll, mostly from my father. The room looks *1 and I feel quite pleased with it. L .. cew position of tho bedstead left a ^ i!Sn °* . bigh panelled wainscot re pealed. On this hung a picture. I approached jit in order to seo what it represented. to iwaa a Portrait of an ancient dame. Somo ffenharra ancestress, I make no doubt. It *utcvcet me,' and I turned away. _, rnflgJuade a few alterations in tlio arrangement of I I Pio furniture, then took a book and seated „ self On tae wide, old window scat aud iravo myself up to a (jniet hour, frith " Sfanmon" and "The Lady of the Lake*5 for company. Now, whether it was the continuous monotony of the metre (for Scott rarely I runes) or the slumberous warmth of the air, \ or tho soothing drone of the bees in the gar den beyond, any or all of these, I cannot tell, but gradually my eves closed and I fell asleep. "What is more, X dreamt a dream. So blrangs and weird it was that X etartcd up, nibbing my eyes and gazing at the wall, as if what hud happened was real. It seemed to mo that I was looking at the old lady m the picture. As I looked she stepped out of the frame and stood by the wall; more, the open space left by her de parture from the frame seemed to widen and deepen uulii a great cavity showed itself. She turned and looked at me, and pointed to this cavity, and Impelled by cariosity I left my seat and went over to her. She pointed with one hand into the dark hollow, and I stood on tiptoe and looked in. I eaw, to my surprise, a narrow stairway of stone. It was dark and winding. I could not see its direction or its length. In spite of the darkness t saw it, and yet that did not appear strange. Full of wonder, I turned to the old lady to ask her what this meant, and awoke. So vivid and so rea} it had been that I remained for several minutes staring at the portrait and the wall. I felt half-inclined to approach and try the panel for myself, but tne striking of a clock remindod mc ft was the hour to drink tea in my grandfather's room, and I resolved to defer my investigations till I was at libertv. June 2nd.—I could not get tbat atrango dream, or rather vision, out of my head. I have written it in ray journal so that I may remember it in the future. After ull, there is nothing so very strange in the existence of a secret stairway in 6uch an ancient house as Pcnbarva. Doubtless it has histories and tragedies of Cromwell's time and long before, of political intrigues, wanderers and exiles from court favours." Its very position marks it for secrecy aiid'6trong liold combined. ' No, there "was nothing singular iii hiding-place or refuge connected with its seventeenth century history, but the method of my discovery impressed me all the same. "When I went to bed I lit my two wax candles, and approached the portrait, holding them so as to get a good view of the face. It suddenly struck me that it bore a great resemblance to myself. True, the hair was white and severely banded under a Puritan-like cap, but the colour of the eyes, tho features, the' long throat, all of these were characteristics of my own. I gazed long and earnestly at the portrait, and tho more I gazed the more I seemed to see myself at some future period of time, the living counterpart of this ances tress. " I must learn her history," I told myself; and turning from her face to the panel,'! began the ecrutiuy on which I had deter-, mined. I searched in vain for opening or crack. "Whatever lay behind it was well guarded and well concealed. '• iladarn must tell mc herself how to dis cover this seeming stairway," I said half aloud, and my voice struck strangely on tho silence, it seemed to mo. I went to bed, and the drean repeated itself. 