DEVELOPING IMAGINATION, (BY LODGE IIEltVEY). In the Australasian. ' Imagination,' said the lady passen ger, ' is all nonsense.' ' Indeed, '* aaid the second officer. A brisk (our days' flirtation at sea, founded on a slight acquaintance in Syd ney, had prepared him for the rapidity with which this particular lady passenger flew from one subject to another, and be watted tor her next remark. 'I have no imagination.' The second officer prided himself on being able to uake conversation on any topic. Perhaps that wan why he had a large circle of feminine friends, and the reason he was the most popular officer in the service of the company. But he bad had bis day, and now the lady passenger wis to have hers. Before tbe mischievous glances of Tessa Druminond he had gone down as if shot), and bail made up his mind that she should not leave tbe ship without some kind of an understanding between them. With that purpose in vitw, he had been searching for her on tbe evening of tbe fourth day out, and at last he found her reading in the music saloon. The corner was cosy, and, to a certain extent, private, but not enough so to a man contemplating a proposal. Therefore, it was with tbe idea of at once moving their quarters thab he caught up Miss Drummond's eubjecb to make it servo his own endB. 'Surely,' ha said, 'you do yourself injustice.' Miss Drummond raised ber eyebrows. ' I consider myself particularly fortu nate,' she said. ' Imaginative people are not happy. The nerves of the poor things get out of order ; they are over sensitive, and take queer fancies. My sister Isabel has enough imagination for both of us. No amount) of persuasion would induce ber to sleep alone in a room. She sees ghosts, which turn out to be innocent pieces of furniture, and hears strange sounds she insists' arc human cries and moane, but I know are only caused by the wind.' ' Did you ever try the effect of other people's imagination on you-1' asked the second officer. ' yes,' laughed Miss Drummond. 11 My old nutse tried that on me many a time, and it was always a failure. She mixed powder and jam together, and said, ' Now, we'll just imagine its all jam and we'll see how nice it will be.' But it was very nasty all the same. Imagina tion doesn't help one a bit.' ' Ab, your nurse did not know tho right way to work the oracle,' said the Bocond officer, ' I've made lots of people drink castor oil and say they like it, just by making them imagine ib was nice.' Misa Druminond looked dubious. ' Do you mean that you mesmerised thom ?' ' Not quite that. Some people, of course, require a stronger influence than others, but I would undertake to make yoa imagine anything I like by simply willing you to do so.' ' I am sure you wouldn'b succeed. Haven't I told you that 1 have no imagi nation ' You would make me a good subject, then. Come on deck and I'll prove I am right. Thero is too much light here, and the people passing in and out would distracb your thoughts.' ' It is rather hot in here,' she de cided, throwing down tbo book which had given rise to the discuuBion. ' Lead and I follow.' Tbe second officer knew a secludeJ spot, and thither he led Miss Drummond. Two chairs were already thero, placed sociably together. 'Now,' said Ratbmoro, seating bim Belt beside Tessa, ' all I want you to do is to keep your mind as blank as possible. You must not look at the stars or any thing, so to secure the placidity required I shall blindfold you. Will you lend mo your handkerchief, please?,' 'Oh, won't ib do if ] Bhub myeyoa?' ' No ; the very effort to keep tho eyes closed would disturb you.'1 ' Very well. Here it is.' Ho tied tbo wisp of embroidered muslin round her eyes. ' Now,' ho began, ' I shall try tho in flucnccof my mind on yours, and whatever I want you to imagine you will do so. I daresay, forinstancp, that you think that I am holding your righb hand in mine V ' Of conrsu I thought that was part of the performance.' ' Nob ab all. My right hand is at present in my coat pocket. And if I swore to you that my left arm is tound the back of my chair and not round your waist, as you appear to think, what would you say 'That it feeb uncommonly like it, then,' slid MiFS Drummond in the de cided tone of one one who knew what the waa talking about. She jiirked her chair away. 'All imagination, I assure; and I shall prove it, you will please sit where you are for a few sreonds. Now, this really is my right hand clasping your Ief', «nd I shall place my other hand on your right : so yeu sec it would be impossib'e for me to have uiy arm round y ur waist ati'he tame time.' F'lUgh!,' shuddered Miss Drummond as the cold fingprs touched her right hand. The sensation r om i tided hi r of the mock seance that had taken place (he night be fore in the saloon, when one of the eo called spirit hands Imd rested for a mo ment on hers, and chilled her with cold clamminess. ' Yes,' said the second officer, ' I have been holdit g the brass work, and one's hand soon gel 3 cold.' Tessa could not help laugl-.ing. ' I wish you were not so egotistical in your imagining, Mr, Rathmore. Please will your aim back to the brass work. There, that's better. And now mike me imagine something pleasant. Will me to fly, far instance ; thab would he thrilling ; or could you make me climb the mast, or even — ' But the sentence was never finished, for Miss Drummond, feeling a stubbly mouBtacbe bru^h against her cheek, sprang to her feet, tore away the hand kerchief, ar.d stood, her eyes ablaze with indignatien, looking at the second officer But he, quite nnabashr-d, waved his cap triumphantly in the air, exclaiming — 'Vive I'imnginatiou ! No^, Miss Drummond, aie you quite convinced 1' Miss Drummond stood an instant wi'hout speaking, then the flashing in her eyes died down, and she langeed. 'Your methods are very convincing, But I am afraid' you are a very dange rous man, Mr. Rathmore. I hope you will not think of trying yonr influence on the captain, or he may be imagining ib his duty to run us on the wrong track. Why, there ia no end to the mischief you might do.' Rathmore tried to look wicked ; but it is easier for the most innocent-faced boy wiihoub hair on his lips to look wicked than a man with a baby mous tache like that of the second officer's. ' Why,' continued Tessa, ' I suppose it would be even possible for you to make a man to commit murder?' ' Yes,' he assented. ' That has been done by suggestion, but the subject is then quite unconscious, and the power called ' mesmerism.' ' (To be Continued.) 