TEMPERANCE CORNER. COSDUCTEO BY TBE BAMJKON W.C.T.U. - P lUL DENTON'S APOSTROPHE TO WATER. Paul Denton was a missionary of the Methodist Episcopal Gborcti. In announc ing his camp meeting, which was to hi. held at "The Double Spring Grove,1 he said there should be ' a good barbecue, better liquor, and the bast GospBl.' Tbe barbeoue was duly, provided, butthere was no sign ofthe liquor. " CaUmsl, Watt Foeman, the des perado, wbo afterwards .shot Denton, exclaimed, in a sneering voice, Mr. Paul "Deri ton, . -your reverence has lied. You promised as hot duly a good h-Tbeooe, hut better liquor. Where is your liqnor ? Then it was'Paul Denton spoke fte ' Apostrophe to Water.' ; : There!' he answered, in too ee of thunder, and painting his motionless finger at the Rouble Spring, gushing np in two strong columns.wKh a sonud «I joy, front tbe bosom of theearth. ' Therel' herepea ed, ' is the liqaor which God the Eternal bre rvsfor all bis children, ' \ Nat in the mmmerinn still, over emokine firos,"chbked with ' poisonous - gasae, and eurronhded ;wite"Ptiaeoi&.>Df.kening <rt ur «fld i»nk CorxuptM<L <loth your Father ,-in heaven .prepare the preoious :essCheerff life— pore, oolj water. Bat to Alie greea gUde andgrawy dell. where the SSidp«;!»Sderiii!lfild :iovee to pJev.r- "Yhrre"" G£d J Tlimaelf brews i><lbwn; : "L?oir-;r ''jdbsrnOrsh: iteeBbttltidleyA' wbMn 'fountains timr- howti" wiwroartiie'iiiorirs, gWlC'PI sporting inthe cataract ; sleeping in tbe Staner ; dancing is the bail shower ; folding brtgbt enow curtains softly above the winter -world, and weaving tbe maoy-coloared ids, ana seraph's zoae of tbe eky, whose wain is the rain of the earth ; whose woof is tbe sunbeam of heaven ; ail checked o'er with oeleetfr flowers by tbe mystic band of re fraction — sUII 8lw&ys; it is beautiful, that blessed cold water. No poison bobbles on its brink ; its foam brtoge not madness and murder ; no blood stains its liquid glass ; pale windows and starvingorpban sweep not burtiing trars io its clear depths j no drank- ard e shrieking ghost from tbe grave careen tt in words of despair. . Speak out, my frirnds. Woold you exchange it for the demon's drink, alcohol V A about, like tbe roar of tbe tempest, 1 No ! No I No !' 