Football. GRAND FINAL MATCH. WINOIIAM V. 1XWEU MANM.Mi. AT TAIiUll. I «V ' OIT o' IlOt'XitS.' 1 Tins match was played at Tarco oil Satur day last, 06 arranged by ilia M. R. D. F. U. Oommiltoo. Tbo attoiidnnco of spectators Wob not largo, for tho day was extremely hot, and tho Boason beinor ' out.' nublio in terest in euob events bad nearly died away. Collectors had bocn placed by the Com mittee, but their business Boomed to bo very limited. The shrinkage of receipts, as com pared with tho preceding match, Cundlo v. Lower Manning, was alarming ; only about one- third of tlio amount being taken. The teams very wisely decided to dofor playing till the day was cool, and it was nearly five before play begnn. The 'referee' difficulty was worse than ever. No one seemed to be open to ' take it on' ; but at last Mr. Fernandez kindly consented to act. Mr. H. O'Neill and Mr. W, J. Newton were boundary umpires. Those positions are never sinecures, but I think all hands were satisfied at the close that the officials had done their level best to give justice, and make the match a fair 'go.' Among the visitors we noticed a fair sprinkling of Cundle footballers, and Mr. Else's historic four-in-hand, in which they travelled, was profusely decorated. Above their club colours they had hoisted an en fllirn Trrr fir r»T n /llr mnnm'uIi'An n.l,Un '*'u V4UV4X lUOUl^UlUU UU WUitO glUUUUy as follows : — 'Premier F.C., '96, '97, '98, '99, 1900.' This was an object of general curiosity, and sometimes of angry comment. Whether the display was needed to vindi cate the position of those-historic champions, I do not know. There is an old adage : 'Good wine needs no bush and, perhaps, this cluh needed no puff. The technicality which led up to their disqualification (after defeating the ' final' teams twice each), is fresh in footballers' memories. D. M'Donell, a member of seven 3'ears' standing, would be the last to play if ho thought any law existed to prevent him. So far as play is concerned, a final this year without Cundle is about as feasible as the play of Hamlet without the ghost, or the South African war without 'Bobs.' But sentiment is one thing, and law is an other; and though, as Wellor, senr., ob served at tho Pickwick Club, ' tho law is a hass' sometimes, yet we must all abide by it. Tho claim to ' Premiership' for 1900 I leavo to the debating powers of street corner philosophers, of which a big supply may be found in every city from Tiri to Crowdy Head. And now for tho play. Wingham won the toss, and defended the Park goal Lower Manning kicked off, and followed smartly. A little Winghaui man (too nervous for his job) fumbled it, aud W. M'Broom and G. Tisdell ran over, but failed to arrest the oval ; and, after a little confusion, a force resulted. Wingham kicked off again, and we missed Little, A. Nelson, J. J. Dimond, Somerville, Flem ming and Co. very seriously. Still the first half was very willing, but very sultry. Wingham carried the play at their toe into Lower Manning 25, and held it stubbornly for a time. But Stephe and Tisdell, be tween punting and dribbling, relieved very well, and at last got near the Park againj With a dribbling rush, Davis, M'Broom and Tisdell got over, but Schneider, Cross, ' Winkie' and Allan were in tho melee. The ball hopped and leaped like a ship dog just ashore, and no one could stop it. Tis dell was laid out on the ball, and a Wing ham man beside him ; M'Broom lost enough skin to cover a pin- cushion, and the whistle blew for a 5-yard scrum. From a Wingham kick in the ruck, S. Latham took on the full, and hesitated. Now, though the woman who hesitates is won, the footballer who hesitates is lost, and before he could dash over the few yards to the line, the whistle blew for a mark. N. Lee took the kick, and missed. W. Latham rushed, hut a defender pulled him back at a critical spot, and saved a try. Things were going very even, but tho boys from the plains were warming to their job. There is a tradition that, about 40 years ago, ' Harry the Youth' planted some lemon trees near the far-famed ' Tappin Tappin' Creek ; he declared that the man who partook of them would have the staying power of an old man kangaroo. The Lower Manning team have made sundry trips there lately. Never theless, the mountaineers made them force two or three times first-half. Second half both sides set off in earnost. Any advantage of wind lay with the Lower Manning, and they had more assurance also. Wingham kicked off, and S. Latham re turned out. In, and Lower Manning gained an advantage. Smith saved for Wingham. Centre scrum ; Lower Manning dribble over Wingham line — confused play — 5-yard scrum, Wingham men rushed, and Baines kicked the hall. Thei wind veered it to the wing. B. Newton secured and ran through, scoring the first clean try. No goal. Wing ham kicked off, and S. Latham returned and followed. Wingham kicked from their goal ; most of their men were too far forward for proper defence, and W. Latham, who was playing well, ran through and scored. Things looked very promiscuous for the up-country men, and jubilant for the salt-water boys. ' J. Gilbert, an old- time forward, was in great form on the line, and counselled them like a book. Betts broke away for Wingham once, and Cross once, but the line was a groat deal too far, and neither eido seemed to be on for much passing. Nelson and Baines, and the old-time hero, Ohas. Dimond, toiled to re trieve the day, but it was too far gone. The two Tisdells were playing well, and Gilbert took his place well. Newt. Lee hardly ever got a show, for the passing was a very weak quantity indeed. Froai a long line-out in Wingham 25, B. Nowton once more secured and ran over, scoring his seoond try. No goal followed. Ding-dong play went on till time was called. Hearty rounds of cheers closed the day. Lower Manning won a friendly and quiet game by '9 points to nil. 