LITERATURE. BOOKS UP TO DATE. LTNCONNU. Tho world has long ago realised that when M. Camille Flammarion speaks It is worth while to listen. One of tho greatest among living astro nomers. ho has a marvellously wide range of knowledge, a poetical grandeur of Imagination, and a gift of felicitous phraseology which yet fits closely enough to his subject. Not many writers have been so endowed with ability to Interest and edify readers who first venturo to explore tho great heights and deeps of the region of ascertained scientific fact. His new book, "Tho Unknown." Is assured of a very large circulation by the mero announcement of Its author's name, but in some quarters will meet with a chilling reception. In spfto of its protestations and lis claim to approach every field of Inquiry with tho open mind of truth-6eeking, there Is a certain conservatism about Science. That an acknowledged authority on Mars and Uranus, a professor of exactitude, who measures stellar dis tances and calculates planetary orbits to a nicety, should turn from his Instruments and charts to consider table-rapping nonsense and the mysteries of bogus slate-writing as a profit able study will mako many erudite persons shake their heads in disapproval. That Is the way thoy will put It — has not Flammarion himself told us how established scientists of an earlier dny dis credited tho discoverers of the earth's diurnal motion by declining to believe that our great i world was set bv the Creative Power "to turn 'like a fowl on a suit before a fire?" It Is woll that a scientist of Indisputable status should tako in band a subject which, like every other, at least deserves honest investigation, and , which has been deeply besmirched by tho money- making quackery of professional futurists and "mediums." Flammarion in tbls book seeks to analyse scientifically subjects commonly held to have no connection with science. He undertakes to demonstrate "tho existence of the soul as an Individual entity which will survive tho destruc tion of our corporeal organism, and which must he immortal." In other words, he declnrc3 that science has come of ace. and is entitled to enter upon her heritage of the metaphysical domain. Whether the demonstration Is accomplished Is a question which readers must answer for them selves. What cannot he denied Is that in his In troductory chapters this singularly able writer presents most impressively the reasons the newest science advances against the dictum of older science, that materialism Is a tenable, explan atory hypothesis. "Bodies," he says, "are com posed of millions of millions of mobile atoms, which do not even touch one another, and are in perpetual movement round one another; thoso lr-.finltely minute atoms are now considered centres of force. Where, then, is matter? It disap peared under dvnamlsm. ... If one or an other of tho millions of microbes that Inhabit each of our bodies was trying to generalise his impressions, could he suspect as he floated iu the blood of our veins or arteries, or devoured our muscles, or made his way into our bones, or travelled through all parts of our system Irom head to foot, that this body, like his own, was regulated by an organic unity?" Whence arises this organic unity? Whence comes dynamism? That is the problem to whose solution this work is a contribution. Evolution, suggested by Lamarck and Darwin, and now generally accepted by thinking mankind, Is, If true, only a disclosure of the methods of cosmic development; It Is in no seuse a revelation of cause. Y'et there must be a cause. It is something outside tho aggregation of ntoms and separate oraanisms which make up animal and vegetable life. It Is necessarily of the quality of Mind, for it decrees tho reign of law and secures that each species shall reproduce itself. M. Flammarion illustrates his contentions that, though tho brain Is the agency through which mind expresses itself In animal organisms, "no one has a right to Insist that thought cannot exist without a brain," and that "positive obser vation proves tho existence of a psychic world as' real as tho world known to our physical senses," by tho great mass of evidence of which his book Is chioflv composed. Many pages are given to a recital of cases taken from history, where Influences not explicable by means known to man, and apparently spiritual, have been in telligently directed to the production of certain results. But most of the cases — of which there are hundreds — recorded in substantiation of tho claim that mind can bo shown to exist outside tho domain of animal llle are modern, and have been suoDlled to M. Flammarion by correspondents. They are generally well attested, and while a few are no moro parsuaslve than tho stories ot' good old manorial ghosts, still used to produce a comfortable thrill at tho Christmas fireside, most aro credible, because of the testimony, and Inexplicable, save on such a theory as that advanced, because of the facts. They embrace experiences of tele pathic communications made by dying persons, apparitions, mental Influence, thought transmis sion, premonitory dreams, divination of the future, mlnd-roadlug, and so forth such a range of subjects, in short, as the Psychical Societies deal with. Whatever other conclusions may be formed regarding this book, which comes to us from Angus and Robertson, it must be admitted that M. Flammarion has furnished much food for thought ou a great subject that Is ot universal interest. il. camille flammaron. 