LADIES' COLUMN. FASHIOX NOTES. Colours for evening dress are altogether more subdued titan they wcro last season, end very bright tints are only dimly dfc» oernible through a cloudy .-oiling; of chilTon or tulle, or lace. Pule, dull greens, faded rose, suggestive of strawberries and cream, beautiful amathyst colours, gobelin blue, a soft tint of maure, delicate pansy, and pale sulphur are amongst the newest shades. nobody talks of crimping hair now adays. It is 'crepeay and people are becoming tired of the rigid regularity which most hairdressers five to tne waves of hair. They look as hard as the cuiH on a marble statue. A le^s stiiT arrange ment, which, without being touzled and untidy., seems more natural sud carder, is now the desired ideal to be aimed at The latest novelty in tic? is what may be described as a variegat^l sailorVknot This tie is made in two colours, red and black, and made so as not tc Mend, but to stand out in marked and bold contrast with each other ; thus the parr, which forms the knot proper Is all red, while the remainder of the tic is nil black. The effect is certainly striking, bnt there tan be two questions as to its effectiveness, and it can hardly be calle I dressy cr smart. The four-m4iand, the As?jr, and the tai lor's-knot are all being worn in distinctly larger shapes than they were last reason. In the four last-named styles, striped pat terns in black and white, gray and black, and red and green are all aeUuig well. There is a new fashion hailing from the Continent which is rather amusing. It has become the custom for young married women, when returning tiiank^ for incui ries after the birth of their ou'.-i, to leave with their ou-n ..visiting card a tiny little visiting card about an inch lot!*, and hali as-incb wide, with tie name of the little infant engraved on it- If the return thanks are sent by post, then the little card is attached to the mother's card by a little piece of narrow ribbon— blue being used for a. baby girl, and pink fo.- a baby boy. Turquoises arc gaining trounil every day, and are becoming nine expensive as they become more fashionable. They are worn* in aU sizes in the long neck- chains, They are set in gold purses, in Uie parasol handles, in cigarette cases, dgitette tubes, card cases, tiaras, necklaces, and rings ; in fact, just now this stone is about tie most fashionable one that can be worn. Veils are to be worn quite short again. In Paris the veil is worn only ju*t to cover the nose. But although veils are cer . tainly less worn than they were, they arc too useful to die out together. Floral toques are so much liked ilut they offer another reason forgoing veilless, as a tower brim is a most uncomfortaiiie resting piaee for a net or tulle veil. Teacock's feathers, in defiance of ill-luck, arc to the fire as bat brim edgings. In black and white liats the white camellia stiffly assorts its aewn dency, and the only kind of black flowers considered correct arc black violets. No wonder the tea gown has iinriy cs taMished its position as one of the necessi ties of the modern woman s wardrobe. It is so essentially feminine in its graceful lines and flowing draperies, and at the same time so fascinating in the sense of rest and freedom, which it imparts to the wearer, that it is likely to prove extremely difficult to supersede. Hair is worn more waved than ever, and at the back, on the beautiful btushed up billows of waving locks, jewelled slides and brooches are still much worn. rringes are no more permitted, a few stray curly hairs upon the forehead being all that k allowed. 'Earrings arc again becoming fa AionaMe, and for those who have never had their ears pierced, or arc atraia to have tiny holes made in the lobes oj their ears, screw earrings arc provided to fasten on to the little ears. The latest fashionable craze fo' white, both in season and out of season, is not at its -happiest when applied to bridesmaid's frocks. The bride and 'her maidci)-,. sr\\- a writer on fashions, now look like a flock of silent ghosts, or a flock of pigeons as they walk up the aisle of some Jiui old parish church, and for one moment one U perfectly bewildered with them, taking thorn for brides all going to undorgi the ordeal of marriage at the same ui.nnsnt. II is most fashionably correct, no r.oubt, of the bride to have her maiden* so attired, but verv ill-advised, as she and her satin train and Ioec would look far more notice able and charming were they in some colour that, bv contrast, made her utter whiteness the more delightful. Fashionable fads of the moment include belts and snakes. Since the Czanna re cently appeared in a dove-gray dress, fini shed with a belt of purest white enamel, ornamented with silver, a craze has set .n for enamelled waist bands. Another pretty belt is made of ol: canieos, such ai used to be worn for brooches and earrings, strung together with gold chains. Drooping metal belts and jewelled belts still hold Hipir own. Cameos in pairs are much fan cied as clasps, and, in fact, any kind ol ancient boss or button is in high favour just now. Snakes are worn as hair oral nients Coiled in the hair, as if ready to spring, they make the coiffure look abun dant. Gray or golden hair shows up best a jetted serpent about a fingers thickness. For dark hair steel snakes are preferred. At the present moment ladies ought to esercise great caution, and not follow fa shion because others do so. As a rule, a lady can never go wrong in first dressing to please herself. The toilettes of tall and slender persons will never suit small-sized sisters of full habit. The latter would be completely lost in the long officers' pele rine, so comfortable and suitable. That is similarly the case in the matter of hatA The large hat weighted down with trim mings would crush small featuies. A pele rine half the size, a little longer behind, would suit better, just as a short jacket would prove more appropriate than a long one. The large paletot sac had better Le left to tall and slender ladies. The remov able fur collar is quite in favour ; nnilTs are relatively large ; ladies that wear long boas dispense with the muff, ?»ml-ing one by coiling the ends of Hie boa around their fingers. Bright dominate in bonnet mater ials as in tissues. Hats are in different coloured velvets, with trimmings to match, or in felt ; the shape is large, while the ornamentation is confined to birds, ribbons, bows, and wings.- Concerning shoes, there is a tendency to return to Louis XV. heels for ball shoes. 