THE CRITIC, Who can undaunted brave the Critic's rage ? Or note unmoved liii mention in the Critic's page ? Parade hie errors in tbo publioeyo ? And AIotherGruudy's rage defy ? See how these Christians shore one another! (Pagan motto.) When the Bushies went out riding on Thursday, oh, what a falling off was there ! * ? ? Australia's parade of loyalty is as siiBpicious as the prudery of a woman whose virtue is suspected. The ' Compromise Tariff' approved by tho bogus Freetrade Conference was too compromising, so it was withdrawn. Transvaal terms and names are proving so unpronounceable that it is a good job for Britain that hard words ^brcak no bones. £iet Russians croach and Britons shout. The bravo defender of Kimberloy bears the good old Anglo-Saxon name of Kekevich. ♦ ? * Gr. H. Reid must be an ' Absent Minded Beggar,' otherwise he would not give £. R. Wise so many chances of trip, ping him up. * ? * It appears to have been kept a profound secret that tho Queen was seriously ill before Christmas. She has now some ivhat recovered. The Adelaide boy McCann's bubonic plague has been proved conclusively to have been typhoid with enlarged glands — a com mon complication. * * ? At Vienna, last month, Madame Melbasaug to a hugo hudience in aid of a fund to assist the Boers. Can't Irving 'be induced to take a hand also. Aecondiug to *? front, colonial troops aro doing all the slaughter, whilst the British Army looks on in amazed and silent imbecility ! We are informed by cable that two companies of the Wiltshire Regiment wcro 'forgotten.' This looks like 'Absent- minded Beggary ' on a large scale. The 'D.T.' solemnly reported tbat when the brilliant colonials attacked the Boers with the bayonet tho Boers were forced to fly . English as 6he is wrote. ? ? ? A Freetrade Conference in Sydney without B. R. Wise reads like 44 Hamlet' with, tho Prince of Denmark omitted. But IVise is getting older and more sensible. The cableman says that Sheffield police Jiave formed a rifle club. Unlike their brethren elsewhere, they' have not enough practice in rilling drunkards' pockets. At least seven ex-politioians are at tho grindstono for all they're worth, to get inspectorships under the Early Closing Act. The job will exercise all the brains they have. * * * Ifc is rumored that old u Bramah ' Green, who is not going to lead the Bush whackers' Contingent, first e-,w service under Ciive, and didgood work with Warren Hastings. ( . Tho biggost jawbreaker in tbo Eng lish' language just, now is 44 Defeat.' Not a solitary jingo can prouounce it.' They fall back on 'Reverse,' 'Retire,' and other euphemisms. The St. Gaorga'sjRifles is the fun niest regiment in the world. Undertaker Cropley is an officer. Would lie bring his hoarse into action to accompany the ambu knee waggon ? ? . ? ? Braise (r) Smith wants tho Con servative Cobdenites to call themselves the Australian Liberals. Spruce would of course be tho boss Liberal. What would Farkessay, if alive. In Germany, locomotive engineers who do ten years' service without accident, receive a gold medal from the Government and £100 iu cash. Hint for our own Rail way Commissioners. * * » Sydnoy Gas Company has fixed up 4130 pcnny-in-the-slot gas meters, by meaus of which it has also fixed into the pockets of its grabbing shareholders a half-yearly profit of nine bob per share. Tho maw who invented ilantK-Ltle hns been responsible lor thousands of burn ing. fatalities. Miss Fox, a 23-year-old young lady of Geelong, is .the latest to do the pillar of fire' act. How appropriate I It is clear, as keen collectors tako around the hat and badger, , That tho 44 Abscut-Minded Beggar' lias begotten many a cadger. When Australia attempts another 'Eureka Stockade,' we shall likely see Africander contingents coming to crush her. But lias Australia grit enough left for another 'Eureka Stockade'? I » * * The braves who haVe not yet gone to South Africa should stay at home. They will lay themselves open to the taunt of having dallied until the danger was past and then displaying cheap bravery. On December 22ud last, tho Law Court at Kamburg (Germany ) issued an ordqr for the arrest of an English agent named York on a charge of enlisting Germans to serve in the British Army against the Boers ! Fact! ? ? At Townsville, the wily Jap has grabbed all the laundry work available in the place to himself. Scores of white women who formerly earned their living at the trade, are now — well it wouldn't look nice in print. The following is from a Mudgae paper of recent date: — 'Some good solos were rendered by Mrs. Barton and Baby Reid during the unfolding of tho pictures, all of which were greeted with loud applause.' It is shocking to fiud a great Protestant denom nation singing monkish hymns. Yet the recently deceased Dr. Edwin George Monk, organist of York Minster, was the oditor of the ' Anglican Hymn Book.' The Lady Sarah Wilson is in trouble again, and thi§ time she's dragged Grilse Wilson, her husband, and son of Sir Salmon Wilson, into it. They've both been con nubially wounded by fragments of the same shell, at Maf eking. ♦ ♦ ? ? Tho silly Frcotrade Conference would limit the Federal tariff to stimulants and narcotics. In New South Wales spirits are already taxed bsyond a safe limit, so how could the rate lie increased to raise the additional revenue. A bufc!tf*s' --new woman. A Rylstono matron challenged all the men of her neighborhood, bar one, to compete with her in riding, shooting and shearing. If the husband was not barred, he should feel jealous. Tho 'Tcrwinkerler ' announces that the tick pest has re -appeared at Ipswich. On reading which a Sydney publican looked sorrowfully at the slate and remarked that the tick pest has never dis appeared from Sydney. Since affairs in tho Transvaal have assumed a serious aspect, numbers of heirs presumptive to Potts' Point ostates have blackmailed thoir 'old man' on threats of volunteering. It's an 111 wind that blows bars and brothels no good. Sleath, If. P., is off to tho wupo 'bn his own.' Rumored he was offered a commission in the Bushwhackers' Brigade ; but Richard preferred to be responsible for his own advances and retreats. Discretion's the better part of Richard. So much public money is expended in 'technical' education that the Critic rises, without notice, to ask why girls who have been put through cookery and other courses shouldn't he registered fer any en gagement as certificated cooks ? Oom Panl Kruger is a whale on prayer. General Tucker iB -,a champion curser. Are. ourvparsons consistent when they pray that the 'sinner may beat the brother in the Lord? Religion is a rum thing, as Mr. SqueerB would say. * 9 9 The only effect of the present New South Wales Local Option Law is to intensify the liquor monopoly. The pub licans are more aotive than the Temperance party in blocking new licensos, which would for them mean extra competition Why will women persist in wearing skirts that broom the whole length and width of the pathway on wkioh they walk ? It is a filthy and disgusting spectacle to see skirt mopping up expectoration, assorted filth and shop refuse in every direction. Faugh ! « # # It is the height of cheek for West Australia to send a delegate to watch tho progress of the Convention Bill through the. Commons. She has already had too big a say iu moulding a union which she never wanted to enter into, except to destroy. The more news that comes from the fro .it the more is it clear that any stories of B id' brutality and inhumanity are almost certainly lies. Most autbentio statements of truly humane and generous actions on their part to constantly coming to liaud. LAW AND ORDER. John Norton, M.P., is a party Who is often rebuked for his jaw; But although he is scornful of order Ho's a beggar for sticking to law 1 —Orange 44 Leader,' By far the best letters from the front are tho work of the amateur journalist* A. B. Patcrson; aud the wonder is that tho I stiff-necked 44 Herald ' folk ever tried such an appalling experiment as giving a bold, wicked, horsey man, and a lawyer at that, a show. .t « ? 'Extraordinary thing said owl droppings 44 Smerald ' last Monday, 44 two of the first favorites at Rosehill failed to get places, aud rank outsiders won both races.' Or words to that effect* Nothing extraordinary, dear Granny, Both favorites were as dead as mutton. ' Banjo n Patterson, ifc is authori tatively stated, went to the Cape for a mere nominal fee from 44 Granny.' The truth of that seems to be vouched for by the refresh ing indifference with which he slates either British or Boers in his letters, ju6t as truth fully as occasion demands. Tho Freetrade Conference should remember that Parkes, the father of Federa tion, was auti-Federal — witness his treat ment of the Federal Council — until the Protectionists in New South Wales As sembly increased in a few years from half a dozen to an actual majority* » ♦ ? Reid's frantic eagerness to establish himself as an ever-time ardent jingo is a wild clutch at the coat-tails of opportunity. What chance now has he of slating the Government when the inevitable butcher's bill corftes to be footed? Yet he is credited with being a tactician. Tush ! ' Lord Beauchamp left to-day for Rotorua, via Waitopua. (New Zealand news item) : You're bound for Rotorua, Via Waitopua. O ! what a big-chumpyou arc To leave our oirthstains pure ! A bulking oaf of a bobby ordered a poor strcot vendor, who was selling his wares in George-street last Saturday, 44 to get out of the blanky street with that rub bish.' This man is baud in glove with all tho spiders iu the strest, and Truth may pay him n, formal compliment shortly. The Rev. Hugh Price Hughes, boss sky-pilot, is coming to Australia 44 in the interests of the West London Wcsleyan Mission.' That means that he's coming on the cadge for a lot of 44 society ' rainmakers who undertake to convert (to Wcsloyanism) the bucks and dames of the West End. They say that a meeting of the Cabinet was lately held for the purpose of considering whether newspapers which are not effusively loyal should be carried any longer through tho post at the taxpayers' cost. Free postage has been freely dangled as a bribe. It is now used as a threat. A new Social Gimlet Society is on the topis in Sydney. Its objects are to watch Ms. P. who have urban as well as suburban spouses, and to ascertain whether aspirants for public positions are sufficiently holy to warrant their being trusted with tho public plate. The idea started in Smellbourne. Gcn'ral Buller, the Slav, with his staff and his. merry men, Will in future be known as the Tugela ferrymen, So frequent that stream have they, crossed and rc-crossed, As we shout o'er their 'wins, we aire told they have lost. . - ' . . None blind as those who won't seo, and no one is so blind as the fisqol monomaniac: Mr. D. M. Charleston, M.L.U (S.A.), said tliat 44 the prosperity lie saw in Sydney during his present visit made him more a freetrader than ever.' Did he call at Joey Creer's bureau ? Did he stand out side the Soup Kitchen at noon ? ? ? ? The Women's Christian Temperance Union, sitting at Auckland, passed a reso lution in favor of raising the age of consent to 21 years, and the enforcement of the Curfew law as regards females oh the street at night. - ?. The old ladies should draw, the line at 30. ^his would give themselves a monopoly of the fun going around. \ ? ? ' The Rev. H. Saumarez-Smitb, sop of the Primate of Australia, will shortly arrive iu Sydney to serve under his father. Mr. Smith was formerly a student under Bishop Lightfoot. Perhaps tho latter cir cumstance may make him independent of tho Sydney cabmen, who, so far, have shown no great liking for the family. According to ?'Banjo' Patterson/ the Boers can make allowance for Tommy Atkins, but cannot understand why4 Aus tralian? volunteer to crush a people fighting for that independence aftor which Austra lians sometimes pretend to hanker.' Well, the Australians get three times Tommy's pay, and that is no unconsidered trifle. | In Victoria complaints h&ro; been made to the Government that tho news pipers whibh arc allowed in there free are being Imported in huge quantities for wrap ping purposes.' Does this account for tho boasted circulation of 44 Granny' and the 'Npoze.' Sausage wrapping is a dis tinction which both papers have long been conceded. The French cartoonist whose satiri cal treatment of the Queen has aroused so much indignation, was recently wounded in a duel by an Irish gentleman. His uauio still appears at the bottom of the drawings, but they are supposed to be done by a 'ghost' or 44 dummy.' The cable announces that he has since been decorated. The Freetrade Conference, which thinks that Australiaus should confine them selves to agricultural production, should read the following: — 44 A Clarence River farmer received a cheque for Is. Gd., beiug the return from ten bagB of potatoes and one of pumpkins. When Gd. was charged as exchange on the cheque, he was delighted. * * « Mat Larkin, Melbourne's champion bung boodlcr and busted Building Society cronk, has now filed his schedule, esti mating his liabilities at £27,161, and assets at £34,462. He attributes his failure to 44 pressure of creditors,' which is rather neat, seeing that that 44 pressure' aforesaid pressed Mat within the walls of Fentridge for a quiet seven years. * - ? A quarrel betw en two men at Charters Towers over tho war, led to one shooting the other, killing him instantly. Now what are the authorities going to do with the survivor of this miniature battle ? If he is the pro-Britisher they surely cannot hang him for doing retail what he would be lustily cheered and handsomely paid for doing wholesalo in another part of. the globe ? Tho child-boiling and frizzling boom has again set in. Already this year about seventeen youngsters have met their deaths by the inevitable tub of boiling water left in their road, or by the open fireplace into which they could not help falling. Surely an example should be made of callous parents wlw are to blame for these heartrending 44 accidents.' Now then, country coroners, buck up ! ? ' It is notorious that while tho 4 4 Consecrated Fress ' is supposed to be an Irish paper, it displays a -deplorable -ignor- ance of Ireland. Its knowledge of Australian affairs is shak}*. It says that the 44 Austra lian Star ' was the outcome of the 4 4 Nooze ' 44 Ominous Silence' article. Bosh! The 44 Star' was fouuded iu 1887; tho 'Ominous Silence' article appeared at the general election of 18S9. 44 For his credit sake, pray, pray, pray.' Tiie football parson, Rev. M. Mul lineux, who went as honorary chaplain with the Now South Wales troops on tho Aber deen, writes:— 4 4 My efforts to get daily prayers for the men wcro unavailing. It is true that tho time of the men was takcu up with drills, stables, etc., but I think a few .minutes c.xch morning could not have inter- . fered very much with thom.' « * ? Tlio English theraselvos aro to blame for the offensive Parisian cartoons. Had they laughed or shown indifference, tho cartoonists would have tried another subject after a week or two. But John Bull squirmed, aud findiug his usually llfick hide vulnerable, Monsieur kept pegging away at the sore point. Then ^Punch's' organ grinder cartoon over the Fashoda incident gave much offence in France, and called for reprisal. ^ According to the. cable, young society-map Molinoux, who sent poison to a gentleman, which was partaken of by Mrs. K. G. Adams, and caused her immediate ?death,* is to .bo electrocuted en' Maiph 26. When, after & year's shamoful delay, Molineux was. convicted, .lie appealed, and the appeal is hardly likely to have been decided yet. It'll do to believe . that . an American swell murderer has been punished by deathj when we know for certain he's dead. _ New* South Wales Cricket Associa tion is indignant at the unexpectedly heavy expenses charged by the players in the patriotic benefit cricket match. They are cornstalks patriotic, But from self they never roam ; They've no motto tommyrotic, 44 Charity begins at home,', Is the rule they're ever doubling, . And they've found it for the best ; When the wickets cease from troubling, All their loyalty's at rest. Lord Charles Berosford recently said on a public platform that 44 He had, in his House of Commons experience, only met three men who understood Imperial dcfenco. They were Lord Randolph .Churchill, Sir Michael Hicks-Bcach, and Sir Charles Dilkc. He maintained that the budget for defence was not made out on the exigeucics of defence, bat on the exigencies of finance of tho party Government.' Yet, any day, a couple of hundred deadbeats can he fquod in front of a Sydney newspaper office who know' all about national defence. ? ' * * Sydney 44 Bulletin' runs into 14i columns, of which 78 are wholly advertise- * moots. The ads. arc a study in.themselves. There are, roughly, 24 bank, insurance and wool co.'s ads. ; 11 shipping ; 21 mino machinery and explosive ads. ; 53 medical ; 8 ads. of books and theatres ; 7 whisky, 4 brandy, 5 ale, 3 wine, aud 10 hotel ads. ; 15 food ads., 8 of furniture, 12 of clothes, 4 of tobacco, and 35 of jewellery, sweeps, bikes, and sundries — making a total of 220 in all* Who bets this connection hasn't been th# cause of tho paper's late crawl down on tho Boer } ^ftiness ? Don't all 6pe&k; at once. ANOTHER VERSION'. Many a family closet doca A skeleton contain ; Many a loss lurks beneath Great prospective gain ; Many a bland smile covers Hearts black as coal ; Many a gay bit of ribbon Conceals an ugly mole ; Many a cheerful countenano® . Adorns a man forlorn ; Many a patent-leather 6hoe x Hides au aching corn. — 4 4 Chicago News.* Tho ncwly-appoint3d shepherd of the Woollahra kirk, Mr. Mcharry, has a large and influential congregation at Crouch hill, the largest in membership of any Presbyterian Church in England, and when he submitted his proposal to accept the Woollahra appointment offered him, the congregation of about 1200 people unani mously ngreed to let him come. Their decision, lie says, was 44 partly &s; a mark of our essential oneness, and next of sym pathy with tho arduous effort which the Church of hew South Wales is about to put forth for t-ho raising of a ceptenary fund.' If the holy man had not 6poken, Truth would say that the 1200 people were bored and glad to got rid of him. ? ? ? Witat's IN a name ? I once loved a maiden so comely, Whose name was Alicca Cholrcondeloy ; But shortly my thoughts and my dreams Were wandering to Wcndolin Wemyss* And soon my poor heart rose with leaps To tho bait of Delicia Pepys, And next I was lying in pawn To the charms of Felicia Strachan, Wiio proved hut a faithless deceiver, And lufb me to Adelaido Belvoir. Then, ere long,. I implercd as a boon The hand of fair Margory Moliun ; Too soon to bo laid on the coals By th? love ef Elizabeth Knollys, Who caused mc to swear liko,a trooper, Till I met with my Madeline Cowper. She taugli't me her clurms were a myth— So I wedded a plain Mary Smith. — 44 October Overland Monthly. r# The jinco crazs is being exploited brazenly by such as ever watch and prey, but one of the most unblushing instance, is a woman sinning herself ' The Wife of a So'.dter,' who lias perpetrated a yoll, hod it printed, and sends her little girl into suburban 'public-houses, etc., to sell it at a brown a time. ' Independent of tbo vil lainous training such work is for a child of cither sex, the ' pome ' is in itoelf an atrocity. Ho is one verse: — There to join our old comradoi irr far loads, and gcacrnls of Old Ea?!aid's fame, Whoso v ctory' ccaoes iu history, and would dlo Briton*4 uuima'n. Thcu with the prcat Rivera Buller, LorJ llethua'a bravo rauk and file, To stand on the gi eat llc'd of battle, li^e the beautiful bank of the Nile. Gosh! THE ABSENT-MINDED BEG-S-AR. (By redyard lCiyporedherriu? ; Maeic by x Arthurs, .*vl ? Sullivan, A.S.S. Jlei-jsod version with . damoimpudeace j; * 'When you're mixed up iu « crowd, or when- you're ' *? jambed'1 upin a crushi Keep your eye uf-on the ,c fpieier'' that's about, Keep your band upon .voir wntq)i-chatu, mind your * watch ain't-4 tiokln(f' loud, ' - For he'll grab it if b? sees it sticking oat He's an absent-minded beggar, and he mightn't bring it bick— It 'd tike ft lot of *' cops' and 44 d.V to find blm~ . If he does come back at all it's coz he hasn't taken all, And Is coming back for what he's left behind him. Old thief, bold thief, sou of an old gaol bird, Fitber of a blackguard, it's all the same to-day, Each of 'em doing bis4,six months hard'' (And now lonppose yotfve hearj). For the 'ticker' he gets ne don't Pay! Pay I Pajl There are' thlnigs. he's taken secret, asking no per x&lelonto;,*: For ho knew hejccmldn't got 'em if he did, There arc diamonds, there are watches, there are ringv and parses too, y And it's more than rather likely there's a quid. There's some peojdo bo robbed carnal, th9y were sofl| when he'd gone. ? For au absent-minded beggar they did fiud him, But it ain't the time forgrowlin', with hie trial comin* on, ' ' Bo we'll tbauk-tbe44 Oopj' aud :44 DV th&tfe; helpofc to find him. Old watob, gold watch, watch with a silver chaia, ' All indrci .little odds and ead&. it's all the same to day, Each of 'em'6in the pawn shop now— . (An-l so if you want 'cmarain j ' ' '? Open yoar purse forthb Hebrew's sakc,nnd 1 t Fpy i Pay 1 1 . Pay ill Let us manage so as later wcoan tell him to his face When his 'time ia up' aud lie cornea oat again, *' That when he goes *' a-thieviug' he shouldn't leave ? a tra?e. Or he'll fiud himself in prison once again. He's au V AbecJt-miaded Beggar,' and- he might 1 fjrgctitalU But the policeman will occasionally remind hhn : . : If he doesn't mead hU ways, he'll be sure to end hli - days ' ' 4 ' - Iu the dreary prison cell he's left behiud hlm. j. ; . Oldithlef, bold thief, son of an old gaol-bird, : ^ ' Father of a blackguard, it's «*.)] Tbi satue to-lay, Each of ?em doing bis six Uioiitbt.' ' hard,' And now IsappOGetyou've heard V/ For his tucker and bed he dou't : 'V'' Pay! Payl; Pay!. Glebe point, 20th February, 1830, ? . : ' , ? ^ - 