CABMEN'S STRANGE FARES. Some yonra sinco an eldorly, spinster, named Dockerill, left all her monoy to a nephew conditionally on his daily taking a two hoars' cab-drive — a modo of pro gression to which its scorns she had been veiy partial. -Were he, however, by any ohango to mimrthis drive, if only for one day, tho. property was to bo divided among horpther relations. Despito their utmost vigilance, howovor, tho latter have as yet neverdotcctod tho legatee trans gressing the" conditions of the will, for ovon whon olb one otctfsioh ho hod the miafortuno to break his leg, he managed to extemporize a cobflh within a four- wheeled cab, on which ho took liis com pulsory airing. An elderly spinstor, who died not long sinco in her house in the North of London possessed a cat on which she expended the entire affection of a doting old ago. Now, puss had had eleven predecessors equally dear to their mistress's heart, wliioh on thoir decease hnd been successively nnd successfully subjected to tho taxidermist's skill. Every morning the old lady was wont to go for a drivo in a four-wheeled cab accompanied by lior living and defunet pets, mnch to cabby's amusement ana acngnt, lor sno invariants lnsistoa upon considering upon her eloven stuffed favorites as extra passengers, from each of whom an additional 6d. was dno. Tbo greatest pleasure of a certain eccen tric bachelor, who diod some years since, was a drive around London in a cab, and in this he was wont daily to indulge himself. One morning he met with a sovoro accident that necessitated the am putation of a leg. This he had embalmed, and, when sufficiently well to continue his favourite oxercise, never missed taking it with him for liis drives, In course of years lie became bodridden, still evety morning the cab drovo up to his door, and though ho himself was no longer in a condition to bo its ocoupant, tho em balmed log was placed within to be taken for two hour's drive. One hot August day, Iiowover, while tho drivor, having incautiously left his vohicle unguarded, bail slipped into a hos telry to quench his thirst, someone, ig norant of the contents of tho parcel lying on trio seat, aecampeti witn tno 'tare. Needless to say it was never recovered so that tho cabby lost an exceliant patron. ' The most extraordinary fare,' said a cabman tho other day to the writer, ' that I over had was — a ghost I It happanod thus. One evoning, seme ten years back, I was called into a house in M Crescent. A gentleman cane out and said lie wanted me to take his brother for an hour's drivo. Then standing asido as though to rnako a way tor someono to pass he bado mo drivo on. ' ' But tho gontiomnn ?' I asked. ' ' Oh, lie's insido,' lie replied. ' ' I'm blest if I sco him.' I said. ' ' Perhaps not,' ho answored ; ' ho died last month. Drivo on.' , I drovo round for an hour, returned, received my fare, and was told to call next day : and ovory day for two years, at tlio end of which time the gentleman was removed to an asylum, did I drivo his brother's ghost.' 