NEWS AND NOTES. BUNBUBY BUILDING SOCIETY.-The annual general meeting of the Bunbury Benefit Building Investment and Loan Society will be held at the Municipal Chambers thiB evening. RAILWAY FACILITIES FOE SOUTH BUNBUBY.-It will be seen from our advertising columns that a public meet ing will be held opposite Mr Hennes sey's residence, Blackwood Road, on Tuesday evening next, to discuss the question of railway facilities for that portion of South Bunbury. TATTERSALL'S (CHARLES) CONSUL TATIONS.-The application for tickets in W.A. Tattersall's (J. Charles) Con sultation on the Metropolitan Stakes, run at Rand wick, N.S.W., on Septem ber 11, are pouring in wholesale from all parts of United Australia, India, Japan, China, and other parts. The sweep is sure to go close on filling, i.e., 25,000 at 5. A NEW AEEIVAL-We welcome the advent of a new journa1, The Mount Morgans Miner, the initial sheet of which was issued on September 1. It is well printed and is full of interesting local news and cablegrams, while the members of the mercantile community have shown their faith in the venture by advertising liberally. It is a weekly publication, but even that will be hailed with satisfaction by residents so far away from civilisation as Mount Mor gans. We wieh the proprietor a big measure of success. GORDON'S HOTEL -The following is the list of visitors at Gordon's Hotel for the jreek ending 8th inst:- j Mr B. Barker, Miss Barker, Mr Dor nan, Mr G. E. Willey, Miss A. Car- j roll, Mr Morgans, Mr Whitewell, Mr | Harmes, Mr and Mrs Grow and Son, I Mr H. Leeson, Mr John Church, Mr J ) N. Johnstone, Mr A. Goode, Mr A. j Abbott, Mr J. L. Gill, Mr W. Arm- j strong. Mr A. W. B. Mather, Mr Lapsley, Mr and Mrs Bond, Mr A. Jackson, Mr T, B, Jackson, Mr J, M. McCrae, Mr J. S. Smith, Misses Smith, Mr L. A. Woolf, Mr Robert son, Mr Walker. THE A.M.P. SOCIETY.-Elsewhere we publish a letter from Sir Joseph Abbott, Chairman of the Board, ad dressed to the members of the Society through our columns. It will be re membered that there was some opposi tion from a section of the members as to the extension of the society's busi ness outside the colonies, and to satisfy j them it is now decided to take a re- < ferendum vote " Yes " or " No " on he subject The result of the proxy voting was:-In favour of the Board's amendments, 119,505 votes: against, 28,820 votes ; majority, 90,685 voles. A HAPPY RELEASE -Dea'h at all j times is regarded mournfully, but i there are instances when it comes as a blessing in disguise. It will be re membered that in February, 1899, Thomas Blyihe, 14 years of age, the eldest son of Mrs. James Blythe, of Wittenoom Street, received a ee»ere injury to his spine in consequence of diving off the jetty into shallow water and striking his head on the bottom. He was taken to the hospital, where he has been ever since, completely paralysed, only able t) move his bead a little. He suffered very touch, but he was a brave lad and never mur mured. Shortly before noon ou Thurs day he had a bad turn and gradually sank, dying at 3 a.m. on Friday. He was buried this afternoon. THE MUNICIPAL VALUATION.-The early issue of the annual valuation ot property within the municipality has been favourably commented on every where. It allows the Council ample time to give the fullest consideration to the valuations before striking the rate. A special meeting of the Coun cil was held on Thursday night to consider the report sent in by Messrs J J Tucker and H I Farrell. There ! were present-The Mayor (Air E M Clarke, J.P.), Crs A F Spencer, N J Moore, J H Carr, G Hayward, J McKernan, and K M Eastman. The Council went into committee. Good progress was made, and the valuers' estimates adopted. In a few cases suggestions were made that the valuers might alter their idea of what certain properties were worth. In four or five cases the Council thought tlat the value might be increased, while in less than a score they thought the value too high and hinted at a reduction. The Council adjourned till Wednesday next. " KINGS OP LAUGHTEE."-Such is the title chosen by the Rev G. E. Wheatley, of the Wesleyan Church, Fremant'.e, for the lecture whieh he is announced to deliver in the Masonic Hall, Bunbury, on Monday night. No one who can possibly attend should miss hearing this lecture. Mr Wheatley is a magnetic speaker, and holds the attention of his audience t from first to last He is also brimful of humour, and his lecture is sure to sparkle with witty sayings and amusing anecdotes. It may be mentioned that the Rev lecturer has always taken a deep interest in the welfare of the working men and has always been on their side when they were struggling for what he considered their rights. During the maritime strike in the early month of 1899, he espoused the cause of the lumpers, and was elected a member of their union. This enabled him to be appointed one of the delegates to repre sent the lumpers in their conference with the shipowners, It was mainly owing to his patient handling of his own colleagues, and to his tact with the masters, that the conference re sulted in a compromise which pleased everybody. Therefore not only as a preacher and a lecturer ia Mr Wheatley a famous personage, but in other spheres of work be has left his taaik, He will lecture at the Collie on Tues? day, and will speak of " Ghosts" in ! gunbury on Wednesday night. 