WHAT THE MANDARIN I KNEW. 1 "Dear Sue," the letter ran, "you must | have guessed long ago what it is that I am going to ask you. Our friendship is j, one of many years' standing, and ever u since I came back from college last sum- | mer that friendship has come to mean £ something more. Sometimes I have felt | sure that you guessed my secret, but I | have hesitated to tell you, for I am so S unworthy, of you and have had so little q to offer in return for the great thing I . ask for. q "I cannot wait any longer. I must jj know where I stand. Can you love mo. Sue? Can you consent to be my wife? I | love you so dearly, and if I get the ap- fj pointment I spoke of to you yesterday we would have enough to start on at .. least. Your father says he is willing if you are. I can't ask poetically, as some fellows might, but my love is sincere and jj true, and if you can bring yourself to rj say yes you will make me very, vsiy happy. I shall wait impatiently for an A answer." ' Tim letter was signed, "Devotedly yours, Tom." She was sitting in the sunny bay window of her bedroom as she read it, and smiles and tears struggled , for supremacy on her sweet face. She ; was a motherless girl, the only child of a devoted father, and she loved this Tom | very dearly. Indeed, she could scarcely g remember when she had not loved liim, || and now at last what she had secretly 1 longed for in her dear little maidenly i heart had come to pass. Tom wauled her | to be his wife. 1 As she sat down to write her answer p her heart sang, but her pen could not be $ persuaded to put in glaring black and jgg white the loving thoughts of the writer, g and after several unsuccessful begin- g nin-gs which were promptly consigned to g the fire, she wrote: ' g "Dear Tom : Come and have a cup of g tea with me to-morrow at 4 o'clock— g Yours, SUE." |j She sent this off. feeling quite sure that g Tom would understand that this meant "Yes." j| The next day she was busy all the gg morning with some charity work in || which she was deeply interested, but g when 4 o'clock came she was at home 9 daintily gowned, trying to look the calm- || ness wheh she did not feel as she waited |j for her lover. Every sound on the street drey,' her to -the window — she peeped out between the curtains at least a dozen -j| times— but it was a -false _ alarm each aj time. Half an hour passed — tliree-quar- ja tens— still no Tom. Her heart sank like gf lead. Perhaps something bad happened Eg to him; some accident. Perhaps— and || now the blushes covered her cheeks— per- haps it had all been some joke and he didn't really love her. Well, thank good- J ness, she hadn't said much to incriminate herself in that letter. But, oh, how was she ever going to stand it? And heie the pretty face took refuge in her pocke handkerchief, there to remain until the« announcement of dinner forced her t much rubbing with cold water-and eau cologne in order to get her swollen bd3« into anything like jtheir normal condition. = Her father noticed that.-something wa= amiss and blundered into it by saying "What took Tdfh off in such a hurry - »« took the afttefnoon train to Boston. Mu 9 ffi&e; been something out of' the ordinary." if) She managed to murmur something al most indistinguishable about "guessing It was some business matter" and the inoment dessert was over ran to her loom to argue with her own fears. "Of ICOuTse, he was called away suddenly— Jthat was it. I shell hear from him to- faorrbw, explaining all about it," and she ftirent to sleep that night much comforted. ' Nevertheless, five days elapsed and no Jrord came from the delinquent lover. , | Finally poor little Sue made up her Blind that he had seen her affection for bim and had been simply trifling with ber, so she made a mighty effort to put him out of her mind entirely f ' She tried to go about her usual duties £s bravely and cheerfully as heretofore, tend a few days after this found her one tefternoon the centre of a merry little feroup of girl friends, sitting around the pleasant fire chatting cosily. One or two Jof them had tried putting some leading questions to her about Tom Fielding, but he answered them with so fine an as sumption of unconcern that they decided jthat "there was nothing in that affair . lifter all." Finally when they had con fided to each other all the secrets they knew and gossip began to languish, Sue Suggested to Marjorie Flanders that she W£art the kettle going, so that they might bave a cup of tea. One of the other girls Started to expedite operations by putting Ihe tea in the teapot, but when she open- ted the tea caddy— a grinning little man darin whose head served as the lid to the lea caddy, she discovered a little folded Jwisp of paper inside the quaint little figure. She pulled it out and, without thinking, began to unfold it, when sud denly a line of writing in pencil caught her eye. j "My .own dear Sue," that was all she Saw. "Oh, girls— see here— see here— a love letter of Sue's in the tea caddy. I though she had a secret." ".What do you mean?" said Sue, jump ing up, pale as a ghost. ; "Now don't you wish you knew?" be gin lier friend, but when she looked at Sue's white imploring face she realised that this was no time for teasing and handed her the letter without further parley. ; Sue ran to the window and by. the fad ing light she saw a rough page from a note book on which was scrawled in pencil the following words: "My Own Dear Sue: Your little note has filled me with such a sweet hope that I'm filled with disappointment at not finding you in, but I got a telegram tell ing me to come to Boston this afternoon. .That means the appointment and that in Sts turn means you, and one cozy little home if your note meant what I hope it Sid. I hoped to find you at home this morning, but your stupid housemaid fioesn't know where you are. To make Sure that you get this I'm going to con fide it to the safe-keeping of the man darin, for I know you will open him to get your tea. Write to me at once, 'darling, care Blank & Co., Boston, and 'tell me in plain English what my answer Ss. It may be two weeks before I could -hear it from your lips.— Yours ever, j "TOM." ' "Oh, you wretched little mandarin." iffied Sue, "to think that you had known about this all these days and never so no I" QW/1 +Vinn rtf D/Mll'CP the girls had to be told all about it, and this Sue did, with many blushes. Then ithey all insisted that she sit right down and write her answer to the letter that S'ery minute. t In the meantime there was an anxious "and unhappy young man in Boston. He .watched the mails and pestered the post man till that worthy crossed the street Whenever he saw Tom's form approach ing. At last his anxiety reached such a point that the very moment that Sue ,was writing her answer a telegram was brought in saying: "Have you opened .the mandarin lately? Please answer. "TOM." ' How the girls all laughed! The tele gram which answered Tom's anxious query has never been made known to the public, but its general tenor may be guessed ' by the fact that it was ac companied by five other telegrams of 'congratulation, each a perfect master piece of veiled allusion. Mr and Mrs Tom Fielding have been living for some months in a pretty little apartment in the- Back Bay region in Boston— and if you look in a little cabi net in whicli they keep their dearest treasures you wil see, standing proudly 'on a carved teakwood stand, with .a most inscrutable smile on his face, their household fetish, the mandarin. 