OUR POLLY. lean remember, as. clearly ..as IT it were yesterday, when the little waif first came to ub, and what an odd looking mite of a tiling she was. It was near the close of a balmy day in June. I was seated on the piazza with Freddie, our youngest pet, playing a t my feet, when, looking down across the meadows, I saw a blue gingham sun-bonnet ^ nn -and tin wn in the lontr crass. ? ? As it 'emerged from ihe field into thepath that led l.hrough the garden into the house I saw : that the wearer, of it was a mere child, though dressed in so old a way as to look like a little woman. -\ : V' The small face was nearly lost in the big sun-bonnet, whose cape fell nearly to her waist, while tie skirt ojf the scant' calico dress touched her heeis.. A' three-cornered ker chief, folded demurelj 'across the bosom completed the quaint costume. She made no pause to her smooth, gliding motions until the stood directly in front of me. Then dropping a little courtesy, which : brought the hem of her dress down -to the floor, she said, in a small, piping voice : 11 Please, , mem, I'm Polly Burton. It s rained so much this week that mam couldn t git all my things dried; she'll send Toiki with the rest of 'em Saturday.'' I gazed at the speaker in astonishment and dismay. John had spoken about getting me a little girl to take care of Freddie aDd run errands, but what could he be thinking of to send a mere baby like thiB ? ' How do you do, Polly I' I said, kindly. ' I'm afraid you are too small to suit my . purpose. Take off your bonnet and let me sec how you look.' Polly obeyed, revealing a face quite as odd-looking as the rest of her. The flaxen liair was drawn tightly back and twisted in a little bob at the back of the head, making the features look smaller, in which was the old look so often seen in tho faces of the children of the poor. The round blue eyes looked fearlessly into mine, and there was something pleasing about the whole face, though it was far from a pretty one. ' 'What can you do?' ' Heaps,' was the confident reply, ' I can Wash dishes, sweep, scour knives, run errands, and take care of baby.' I smiled as Polly ran glibly over her list jf accomplishments. ' How old are you?' ' 'Leven.' ' You are small for your age.' ' Ycs'm; 1 don't get time to grow.' As I looked at the small hands, brown and hardened with toil, and the slight shoulders tliat were beginning to stoop with the un timely fmrthens they had borne, I felt that there was a good deal of truth in those quaintly-spoken words. ' You can stay to-ni^ht. at all events,*-' I said, ' I will talk with the doctor when he comes home and see what he says.' Ten minutes later Polly was seated on the steps of the piazza munching a thick slice of bread and butter with evident satisfac tion, her bright eyes glancing about in every direction. ' Have you a mother. Polly?' ' Sort o', and sort o' not, She ain't my own rma; my own ma is dead.' '? Is your father, dead, too?' ' No, mum; he's skipped.' ' He's done what?' I said, looking at the small face in amazement, and thinking tbat I must have misunderstood her. ' He's skipped — run off.' explained Polly, in condescending pity at my ignoranca When John came home I expressed my doubts in regard to the new investment he had made for. my. benefit,, declaring that -it was likely to. give ..me the care of two babies instead of one. ' Not at all, my dear,' responded that in dividual, as he took a cup of tea from my hand. ' Polly is no baby. She's done more work duriog the eleven years of her life than most women at twenty. I attended the j children when they had the measles — there's nine of 'em — and I never saw such a patient, willing, industrious little body in my life. j ' But there are the children to think of,' { 1 said; ' and her language is so queer. She spoke about her father having skipped.' ' Did she?' laughed John. She's a comical little thing, but there's nothing bad about her. She has picked up these expressions, you see. By the time the children are old enough to be harmed any way, you will have : remedied all that, I daresay.' | This was the way that li our Polly ' be came domiciled with John and me. With her hair neatly braided and her dresses : shortened, and made otherwise more, suitable for her years my little handmaiden presented ! quite another appearance, but she still re- j tained the quaint speech and old-fashioned womanly ways that contrasted so oddly with the child-face and form. Put to work as soon as she could run alone, she had kiiown no childhood. She aihided to those of her own age as ' the children ' never classing ? herself imong them, speaking about what she used to do ' when she was little,' as though that time was far away in the dim past. Take it all in all, Polly was quite a char acter, and amused and interested a good deal. She was quite a help to me too, especially in the care of Jennie and Freddie, who got to i be very fond of her. She was, as honest as the sun, and I never knew her to take the least thing without asking for it. One day she ran into the house, saying: ' There's 0 -hungry man at the gate. Can't I give him some of the cold bread and meat out of the pantry?' I assented, without thinking much about ' it. The next day she camc to me with the same request. Going to the window, I looked down to the gate where a stout heavily beard ed man was standing, attired in aslouchcd hat and a; coat very much the worse for wear. He was looking eagerly up to the house, but turned his head quickly awav when he saw me. ' No, Polly,' I said; ' this is a strong, able-bodied man; and it's wrong to encourage the idleness, that leads to crime by feeding 6uch.' At this Polly hung her head saying: \- - -' He says he hasn't had nothin' to eat to day, ma'am. Can't I give him my supper ? I shan't need it. ' I saw that Polly was far from understand ing my motive, but touched by this unselfish offer, and not sorry for an excuse for yield ing, I said: 'You can give him the cold meat from , dinner, Polly, but don't let it happen again.' Polly iwould eat no supper tbat night; and thinking that her ideas were rather confused on the subject, I took some pains to explain to her the moral |-hase of the tramp question, as I understood it. She listened attentively, her big blue eyes fixed on my face with a solemn, unwinking stare, making no direct reply. ' Was you ever hungry, ma'am?' Accustomed as I was to Polly's peculiar ities in this respect, I was considerably startled by such an odd unexpected query. ' Yes; and I expect to be again to-morrow morning, just about breakfast time.' ' I don't mean that' kind of hungry; but where there's no breakfast or dinner or supper, or not much of any ? ' ' No, child,' ' I said, in quite another tone; .'.I've never known anythi ng about that kind otliunger, and I-hope you haven't.' I was always hungry. Mam did the best she could, but it takes - a good deal to go round where there's nine children.' ? 'That proves the truth of what Iwas say In^,'' I replied, anxious to enforce my text. ' If your father had worked too, as every man ought that is able, you would bave bad plenty to est and to wear.', , He's a badman;but— but he's my father. The unconscious rebuke 4n these words made me: turn my eyes on the 'child face* so unchild-like in expre6Bion; but Bhe wak not looking at me,and evidently not thinking' of me at aU. ' '* *' ; After this I noticed n chtagt in Po^ljr.1 She lost heraj) petite and the colour th$t waif' beginning- to come Into her cheeks. . But she ' never complained, declaring she frit quite well when 1 questioned het. She grew so pais end thin that at last l spoke to John abouf i. ' She must be one of tbe thin kind, ' he said; ' there certainly is nothing the matter with her.' The following week John and I made arrangements to spend a couple of days at my brother's who lived in an adjoining town. We were intending to take Polly with us, but the carriage was crowdcd, and she begged so hard to be left at home tlist we finally decided to do so. She was so thoughtful and trustworthy that I had no fears in leaving her, it being only two minutes' walk to the nearest house, and the neighbourhood being a very quiet one. ,, On account of the scarlet fever being in my brother's family, which neither of the children had had, we stopped overnight at an acquaintance's, returning the next day. When we reached home we found the doors locked and the'windowB darkened, and not a sign of life anywhere around; Considerably surprised at this it being near tliemiddie of the day,, we rang and knocked -until pretty well convinccd thai there was no one within to hear us. Then we went down towards the gate, being met by Mr. Brown, our nearest neighbour, who had seen us go by, and who told us that Polly had left the key of the house with his wife last n.'ght -raying that she had to go' away. I thought a little strange of this, but sup posed the child bad got lonely and gone to her stepmother's, who lived about two miles distant. On entering the house we found every available point barricaded below, as if in expectation of a siege. Against' the back door a heavy bureau was drawn, on which chair s were piled. John and I laughed at Polly's extraor dinary efforts to make everything secure. Our next discovery was not so pleasant; every bit of silver had vanished, not even a spoon was left. The discovery that followed was more startling still. On going outside John saw the figure of a man suspended from the sill of one of the back windows. Communi cating his discovery to Mrs. Brown, who was pitting on the frost porch, tbe two men went upstairs, and I followed slowly, and with beating heart. As I looked into the room I saw the head of a man just inside of the window, the heavy sash of which was resting on his neck. He was not only quite dead, but there was every indication that life had been extinct for several hours. He had evi dently died from strangulation — the features blackened and swollen nearly out of all semblance of humanity, presenting a terrible spectacle on which I never want to look again. The shed, which ran beneath it, showed how he had reached the window, and the position in which he was found how he had met his terrible fate. But as it was clearly apparent that be was killed in the act of en tering, the disappearance of the silver re mained a mystery. John lost no time in notifying the author ities; and the news, spreading like wild-fire, for several hours the house was thronged by an excited crowd, most of them drawn thither by curiosity. By no one was the body recognised; in fact, it would have been difficult to do so by the face, so distorted was it. Two or three had seen a man of similar build and appearance hanging about the neighbourhood. As they mentioned this I recalled to mind the tramp that Polly had fed , and whose form and dress strongly re sembled the deceased. But the people had gone at last, to my great relief. As I stood at the window watching the last one go down the steps, I felt a tcuch upon my arm. On turning I saw Polly standing just back of me, and looking in the dim twilight more like a ghost than a living child. ' Where is he, the man that was killed ?' she said. J ohn pointed to the door of the room where the body lay. Without saying another word Polly opened it- and went in. After a mo ment's hesitation John and I followed. With blanched cheeks and eyes dilated with boiror, Polly stood there as silent and motionless as the ghastly thing stretched out before her. John placed his hand on her shoulder, saving, with a sternness that he regretted a moment later — I o yon know this man. Polly?' Poljv lifted her eyes appealingly to mine. ' It's my father,' she gasped, sliding for ward to the floor. With a feeling of self-compunction that was clearly visible in his honest face, John took up the liule limp form as if it had been a feather and laid it upon the bed in our own room. It was not a fainting fit — Polly was not given to such — but a sudden collapse of the mental and physical powers, that had been stretched to their utmost tension. Polly was quite ill for a number of days, during which the ghastly thing she had called father had been buried out of sight, for her sake, as decently as circumstances would permit-. She made allusion to him, and John would not let me question her until she was strong enough to leave her bed. Before that time the missing silver was found in an old chest in the attic, where she had hid it. From what Polly told me afterwards, I found that her father had acquainted her with his intention to rob the house, urging her to aid him by leaving the back door un locked, and threatening to kill her if she refused. ' I gave liim my dinner and supper for a good many days,' she said in conclusion, ' but I couldn't do that. I couldn't tell on him either. He was a bad man, but he was my father. ''' As I thought of this little creature stealing out into the darkness with the food that she had saved from her own needs, I was glad to know that this bad man was powerless to work her any further ill. Polly lived with John and me a number of years after this, and we became almost as much attached to her as to our own children. When she married Charles Conway, a thriv ing young carpc-:iter we furnished the pretty cottage house he built as completely as if it had been for one of our own daughters. Con way makes one of the best of husband's, and I don't believe that there's a better house keeper or a happier little wife to-day than our Polly. In the war of the Crimea, with 1.460,500 troops, there were killed in battle 53, 870; died of wounds.66,600; died of disease 492.200. In tbe American war of 1861-5, in the Northern army, there took the field 2,536.000 troops; there were killed in battle 44.240; there died of wounds 34.006; there died from disease H9.24C. In the American -Spanish war there took the field 274,717 troops; there were killed in battle 293 ; there were wounded 1,577 ; there died from disease 2,619. In the American war of 1861-65 there died from camp diseases, diarrhoea, dysentry. and camu fevers 85J214. 