LETTEKS FIJOM TIIE FHONT. I'riv.iti. I!. \Y. Owen, ui tin- Snii'li Au'»- tr.ilian (Vitirin^-nt. write-s lr.cn Eti.-lin .is lollows:— 'We ire now campcil line on .m othcr battlefield, which tlu- I;,,,t.- ili.ui.'lit. lliey e.iuM iiolil lor nine month.-. Witn tlit- , [?«i-|'li.'ii nl di.i'l hiir.-e-* and a Itiv itos-o mi ulliicts' isravt*. and Mindry iii..iiiuI-, one would luvcr l-:n-iw that .-ueh a ^iiiic hid liecn lie-i'l. Alllioiigii I in, r'.ritisli' e'.nnp is 171 miles further on. ami tlie lipit m .\l-.m- Jay aii«i Tue-day was- furtlit-i- away, «t [iiuld mv the ll.i.'lic- nf tiir pun.- a:nl .- Ik-!! j |ilaii:ly. .mil tlie ..e.irriilir'iil .it Kiml--:i-ii'y-- llic l!rili.|i were ii-ii.^' their w;ir li.iili'.nn .'or the lir-t lime, and w c.iiild ju-1 -ie il — »i' eaniifii. tret any new.s of t:ir iv.;r, or ratiier, v.e £vi iiii iniieji, luii nnliiiiii; h liable. Our next move is t.i be t-i tin; (runt, [?U t Wf have Im.m-ii atl.ielii--I to .Melliiien'.s I'.ri^.Klc lor m»;iic time . -n th-- Un.- ,-i cjin IMIiliiealioil. aii'.l ii.ive ll.id Hie ii'li-ilir of c.nnpiic s-ide by -.ii.' with t'n* -Mird--ns ni'l oilier illu- ir:oils iepm« i-i-, j,^ vou \;utiw '»!!..' a^'.i, mi doubt. 'Hie i;.)it|'iM- ..nil' li to \--' tram, and wo -walked U:i niik-ri, .nnl mir (cuts were M-nt by r.iil. Wlu-n v.r .,i rived lliu 1 !or«loii.-i liail )-it-heil ;:l! «.iir t.n!-i lor us. \\\\\\- iiiiiud thi-iii veiy line c !i ip.-, i nil this ;i|iplit- to all l!ie 'Tommy At khisi--:' Miey all, without -:M:epti»ii, li.ivo liy a Imi^' way |..i- i! my »:.p. . lations. .111,1 a iv a cu! -tlt.tv-- !!(?? upitiiuii s.i ui:i'ii exj.re.--.-( ii in i\iv p.; |-e'f... \Ye ,l!l lell «loi-|rty lo lli-.ir l'ne -l..r- ?|i'»n. h.i I Im'cii cut up, .i.«. in my we h id I ill. i-t| to ..a Suiiiljy were de.e.i mi 'lilt: .lay. Ilieie was a m riiiini.i-'e li.-re on D.'irml-i°T 7 bctwi.-t-n 100 Noriharnptmi-i aii'i l!.0tii IWrs. but, with all their (rival advaiii.i;:.' m having Runs they had to rpiirc with tht'ir Jcad and wounde-J. 'liio l!mi-li lo. t II ivoundfd after wvpr.il houi.-,' lighting. \Vo nave to keep vigilant pu.-iril day and uiqht., utd aa tuia is au important position it umrt be held at all costs. The total strength here Js about (Q0 Australians and 2 pmsRJLA. «nd about 30 scoots and Engineer*.' The rs?gtfs'tyt&Uoant;«d Rifle, had good time* w.:gMiig»FMnd taking prisoners and any ; tbrnrin the way of cattle, poultry, rege Vibiti/kai.'miik. or,- in fact, anything they, couldby their hands on belonging to the .ficetSr1' TKey ride np to a farm, and if the ocowpobU hare any- . firearm* '-Hknriiaf-. are prisoners. Five were captured yesterday. One has been tried and condemned to .death for being a *py, as he wa* a well-known chap, and was seen at Orange River and DeAar, and brought the Boers here on tne 7th. We always parade at 130 in the morning, to pre sent a Mirprise, and at daylight dismiss and ' na?e 'ioothersleep. The^oers have de \- 'itroyed-the culverts on the railway, and the telegraph wires pulled down and po*t* bro Icen-npt and- the wires cut for miles; but the * 'wonderful Royal Engineers can do anything, and soon bod .everything in order again. Ostriches -are- miming about here, and one **f the chaps found an egg, and we bad it Jor tea, just a taste each, and found it ex cellent eating, quite is nice as a fowl's egg. December 1-L— I am finisbing this off on the top of a large kopje, about a mile from . the cajapr-siU niOs ore called kopje*- 1*!- * tone ia'aboufa w and a half round, and very steep, andTmost be 250 ft. high., a good climb,' but a splendid outlook; and that is what we are out here for, and to defend in case of. attack. There are three kopjes and 100 men divided amongib them. Taer.* has been a truce at the battle commenced on Sunday until last erening, when the fun commenced again. It is du*ty in .the day tinier ud we cannot see if they are firing. We ore about 5 miles from Orange Free State, and the country hereabouts is a great .,t jmproveojent . on. further south, and the famik nice and green even now. There are u s, few bullet marks and a lot of empty cart . ridge cases of the Boers lying about where —we are camped, and in under some of our tents, 'so it is said, dead Boers Ee buried, but they have not troubled us so far either by walking or ghosts. There are some dead ones lying sbont halt a. mile away, but we have sad our curio sity «*ti*tied in that way, and have not troubled about them. I expect to finish and post -this to-day, as I have come to the end of my paper, and have no modey, or if I bad anv could not get any nere. One thins; I don't think f have mentioned is the freedom from insects, and until to-day of flies; ants are scarce, and yet -the supply is equal to the demand. Lp to now the con tingent is in air health, althougn we have about 10 under the doctor, ana have left . Bcown and Bispon at Cape Town, very bad * ? —the ? former is doubtful— and Howe \-- and ?? Everstey; « Orange ? River, and 'colds' ' are plentiful. The change of water has upset a lot of us, «nd the living is hard since leaving Mait land Camp. Our -next move will be to the Modder, and they have a canteen and store, to as soon as this occur*, and we get our pay, we 'will soon be able to get *ome comforts. With money we can get poultry and vegetables. Lone ambulance trains are running, bring ing in the wounded to Orange River from Spytfontein— there are a number, quite too many. - 1 have had the honour to make a .'.proposal 'to .'start 'a. subscription for the wounded, each man to give 2s.; this will mean about £100. Now I must say good by and good wishes to all, and trust we shall all meet in Adelaide early in March. I am looking forward to a good square meal, not meat and bread, and bread and coffee, like we .are having now.' ? The following are extracts from a letter 'written by.Senior- SeJfceant William Wau chopet of tne First Contingent, who was for sixteen years .with Messrs. A. M. Bick V'fdtd & Sonv to- his sister in Adelaide:— **Enslin Military Pftnrt, South Africa, Jann sjy-J.— Jurt ft few lines to let you know how we spent our ?HDhristroas in. South \--Africa.- It was not an enjoyable one, as we . lad a~rarj laid '6me oi it We never know when we are safe, and when we go .. out^of camp we have to carry our rifles and 150 rounds of cartridges to protect 'ourselves, as the Boers are roaming all over the place. We had no pudding or anything like that We'had bread and tea for breakfast, meat and bread for dinner, and tea and. bread for our evening meal That was on Christ mas and $ew Year's Days, bo we were not having any. luxury.' I went on outpost on' \- toe' morning before Christmas at 2 o'clock. That nteatta to'go and look for the enemy. ? I also spent Sew. Tear's Day on outpost. \- When tney go on outpost the sergeants are not allowed to sleep for the 24 hours they are on duty, so that I aw the Old Year out and the XewYear in: It was a terrible time, too, for we expected to be attacked m the morning. One of our poor fellows was brougbi in during .the night. He was ,' one of the, patrols, and was shot in three ??places, but u expected to recover from tfee \- -wounds, I have been very lucky, and have stood this trip better than any man in the Australian Regiment, for the simple reason that 1 wonU.give in. Sometimes we hive a treat, in the shape oi jam and rice. We are far away from civilization, and are nearly 700 mfles from Cape Town, so we bare- travelled 7,700 miles' since we left Ade liide. The' only people to be seen are sol diers, of whom there are over 100,000 in South Africa, so that we oughknot to be . lonely. The\dust*tonns here an terrible; they last all day, and we Cad our dinner spoiled two days following, but that is noth ing. We marched all day and night, and did SO miles in two days, as they thought the Boetn were going to attack the place we were going to, so we had to hurry up. We were very tired when we got to Enslin Camp. There u great excitement here when any letters come in, and if any one is lucky ' enough to get one he rushes off to some corner to read it, and those wSw don't eet one walk away as if they were ordired to die, poor fellows; and then they want to know the news from the lucky ones whether they know them or not. So if any one asks after me tell them to- write, no matter what it is. It will be a change, and if you can send any newspapers you .wiH cheer up thousands of poor fellows. No one knows what they have to go through but tuose who have done it, but I would not have missed it for a fortune.' Mr. A. McDonald, of New Hindmarsb, has a good correspondent in his son, Pri vate R. McDonald, of rhe first South Aus tralian Contingent. Writing under date January 7, young McDonald said he wa» in \- the best of hcaltn and getting used to camp life. There was plenty of good food and water, and netting to grumble at. Then were thirteen in the tent a1 together, and kn inspection was usually held on Sunday, and on three occasions they had toe credit of. being the cleanest in toe camp. They had all got new uniforms and white belts like the 42nd Highlander*. They had a \- concert the night before writing, and it was held on a hill. The kopjes were steeper than the bills in Australia. The Boers were in ? very good position about ten mile* off, and a ?harp lookout had to be kept. Their camp bs&U; could be seen at night from the ? talk; and -the British had a searchlight going all night which could be seen for fifty miles. They took forty Boers and three blacks prisoner* a day or so before, and tuey were glad to be caught. They reported that an English, engineer had punned the Boer position, and that same of toe trenches \- were deep enough to hide hones as well as men. The batteries and sailors detachment went out every morning and fired at the Boer stronghold, and then, returned for breakfjsK, remained in camp during the day. then after tea gave t&e; Boers another touch . . up. .An attack, 'was 'not expected to be made '' until the big sejgetnsa came up from Cape Town. -The balloon report was to the effect that there were about 23,000 Boers, and that \- they -had -got -barbed wires all along die .. front of their position, and as soon as toil ?was touched* ak night a big light shone out on the top of the hill. One nigit a donkey / and an ostrich got' entangled in the wire and the Boers started a fusillade, and kept it up nearly the whole nitfht. The Boers were tommy afraid of «. nignt attack. They ?were snxfeounded by the British, with Kim berlejr in their rear, and tibey would have diffiadty in escaping capture. The Boer pin» were manned by Germans, twelve of whom were ffcot a few days before. He thought by the way the war was going that they would be there about a year, ami have pUnty of work to do. Mr. A. McDonald complains that the parcel po.-t is expeu »ive, be having to send same writing jmper and requisites, although or'.y aboiu VU-. in weight he uad to pav i-. Id. He thiLk* that as the postage Ins been louvrid the parcel post ought also be cheapened. Mr. T. Holland, of Xew Hindmar-h. li?..J received letters from his two sons who ar. located ac Enslin, and they stated that they helped to constitute what was called tiu field force. There had been b.Ut!e» bath behind and in front of them. The Qucens landers had had a brush with the l--3i* and defeated them. They had been sup plied with new rifles and bayonet*, uni torms, pouches, and belts, and would get new helmets. The kindness of residents of Cupe Town in sending them various articles at. Christmas was gratefully acknowledged. They asked for reading matter, as booiu and-periodicals were scarce. The rain was very heavy occasionally. .The expected ar rical of the siese train, comprising some of the btftst and best guns from England, was mentioned, and a trial made of two shots fired at a hill was described as most .effec tive, as when, they went to see the effect they found the top of the Ml blown away. When these guns got on the scene they hoped to make short work of the Been, and they did not think -the war would last long. Private F*. O. Miathews, in a letter to his parents at Prospect/ remarks:—'! suppose the people of Adelaide can now understand that we haven't a soft thing on. The sights we see are dreadful. The dead Boers are not buried, but simply covered with stones while in all sorts of postures. Some of us were on guard the other day when- fire Boers were brought in as prisoners by our mounted men, and they were fully equipped with telegraph and railway destroying tools. They were lather, two sons, and two- son in-laws. Nine of us bad to look after them for twenty-four hours, and I tell you we had to keep a pretty sharp look put, as they are very treacherous. It they had started to do anything they would nave bad -a pretty warm tune. The Boer* ore. very frightened of cold steel. 1 think we ?are going to the Modder River in a day or two. L hear that Lord Kitchener and Lord Ro berts are coming here. I hope they will give us a fair chance. You would hardly know us now. We are fitted out with dit ferent things taken from the poor teiktwa who were killed at the Bottle of Masfcn fontein. Christmas paused off drily,. We aw nothing of the chocolate and plum pudding that were talked about. 1 was told off with twenty others to look for firewood. We came across a deserted Boer farm. We got a few green apples, a couple of calves and a few fowl*, and then started for home. When we had got a quarter of a mile on the road the sergeant said he had forgotten his water bottle, and told me to go back for it I was about live minutes looking for it. Just as I stooped to pick it up two bullets came whistling past my head, one of them striking the ground about twenty yards in front of me. I at once lay flat, because I had left my rifle in the wagon. I waited'a bit, and nothing showed up, so I made a bee line for the wagon, l picked up the bullet that struck, the ground, and am going to keep it as a relic. We were out skirmish ing the other day, and it started to rain. I never saw such rain. It was like so many three-quarter- inch-tap* turned on. As. we have only one suit of clothes, they had to dry on. To my surprise I did not catch cow.' 