THE NOV1EiLiSS [COPYn1IGT. - TALiVUD; A Strange Narrative of Oen tralAustralia. FOUNDED 0N NATURAL FACTS, SBY " IVAN, *DE xTrE - CHAPTER XXL-(coxrINUED.) "The two blackds'did not" remain long. Afterthechiet had gloatedovei me and roughly turned me about to see that I had not tampered with the fet ters, they went back as they had come, holding their torches above their heads. "Hour after· hour I lay in that agonized state, and at length my numbed faculties were tardily aroused by what must have been a tremendous noidiebut whicl?'fell uqioi my torlpid cars as a mere whispei:. i . "The sense of hearing had almost failed me, and even that of sight was fast leaving, yet the latter was the stronger of the two and I could see amidst the glare cast by twenty torches a hand of sable executioners coming up the queer o?rage i wiiich Iiay. They vere followed at a short distance by the youths of the tribe, between fifteen and twenty, and further back-came a num ber of females. Of course I need scarcely tell you that amongst the can nibal aboriginals of Australia the women are never permitted to eat of the human feast, but they are always invitid to the killing of the victim, except when the latter is donelon the field of battle. As I sawV tlhe crowd coming along all this rcse before my mind in a) most vivid mauner, and I concluded that the end of my sufferings was approaching. " had often heard it said that just b~efore death the faculties are extraor dinariiy actve dnd-dlea, and from that molning I believe it. Almost coma tose as I was, the knowledge rose be: fore me that I was about to die, and, as tar as I can now judge, it did not cause me any terror or regret. " \Woosai led the savage band, and I saw as they approached that they had smeared themselves with warpaint in the shape of clay. None-of the warriors c.rried spears, but each of them bran dished a formidable nulla, and some :ow I thought it was a matter of perfect i:ifference to me whether they clubbed ~r speared me to death. No. doubt I was losing the sense of physicial feeling a:.d that must have deadened the men .: faculties. The men ranged them selves in line as well:as the limited spice of the place would allow, and next them came the youths who had sot yet been admitted to the privileges of full manhood. Further back;than :he latter the women were drawn-up in :: Amazonian phalanx. " Standing close to me-the proposed -tctim--Woosai began to talk and ges i:elate in a loud and violent fashion. I knew nothing of what he said or st:ant, and perhaps it was as well Idid sit. It might have been that the white ;an had done him or his tribe some r eparable injury and he was seeking in nis own way and according to his lights :o avenge the wrong. At the same :ime I was not conscious of having ever Injured him, or even any aboriginal of :he continent, and my heart was filled sith undying vengeance against him S.engeance that blood alone could tuench." "And you settled the score in that oshion, did y6u not?" asked Strang way. "Yes; ten years later I avenged:the :orture the chief inflicted on me, and after that I felt that a:horrible memory nad been swept away for ever from my. erain," continued O'Malley. "After a long harangue the. chief valked round my prostrate form iourishing his club,- aidn he was-fol .owed by those next him in rank or aonor. A kind of hoarse fythinicail :hant was meanwhile kept up not un ike the accompaniment to an ordinary :orroboree, and each moment I ex jected the fatal blow to fall. I was rept in this fearful suspense for what aust have been fully an hour; but at ast the action of the chief convinced ase that my end had come. "He advanced towards me with his aulla raised on high as if to strike-and I am quite certain that was his object -but an extraordinary thing now hap pened. I was lying quite resigned to mny fate, for pain had numbed my feel ings, when an awful cry from the females, who were looking up the cavern or tunnel whilst the males had their backs to it and were facing the entrance, made all pause. "From my position I could see the gins pointing back, and as the men turned they looked for a moment and then made a wild rush for the entrance. They sprang over me like antelopes, and in a few moments the cavern was luite empty. "The chief, Woosai, was partly fidreea out, but he soon recovered himself, and, with a guttural cry, I saw him running back apparently to des patch me. During this time I could not understand the cause of the sudden flight and was amazed at it. Woosai was not more than twenty feet from me, when from out the solid rock it seemed to me stepped the strangest figure I had ever seen. "The contrast to the sable chief was af the most startling character. A tall, thin man clad in whitish robes and with a face even whiter still stood be side me. In the semni-darkness hi~s eyes gleamed like rubies, and the whole aspect was supernatural. The ghosts of our imagination were repeated in the figure, and as I looked for a moment on the apparition I closed my eyes and mercifully becamne unconscious." .Whilst O'Malley was talking Stanley and Stangwiay exchanged meaning glances, and the former at length said; "Do you rcmenmnbr wnat ste sew in the cavern, Strangway ?. There us't be some'connection, I should say, be tween O'Malley's saviour and that ex traordinary being." "Remember!" repeated Strangway. " Yes, as long as I live; it is burned into my memory." "What are you talking about, lads ?" asked Mills. "A strange adventure we had in those same ranges our friend is telling us about. We did not mention it to yonu before becauserweTcauld not quite understand it; in fact, we could not make it outat all and preferred'to be silent about it as probably it was only mere imagination on our part," respon ded Stan!ey. "It was no imagination, as you will learn," continued O'Malley. "How long I remained in that swoon I never knew, but it must have been a long time and the period was an utter blank to me. When I recovered I was con scious that an extraordinary change had taken place in my condition. "At first in the weakness of my state I thought I must be in that other world beyond the grave of which we know so little, but from which thereis-no-re turn.;". .... .... " You were hn6t ihere, it is qiite cer tain ?" inteijected the squatter. "No; but I was in a world almost if not quite-as strange to us as the unseen spheres of spirits, and since that awakening I have been dis posed-to fully believe-the saying, that there are more things in heaven and earth than is dreamt of in our philosophy. I have proved that the secrets of the earth at least are sealed to humanity in numerous ways. "The hlight which surrounded me first attracted attention. It was not sunhlight or moonlight I knew, but I could not define it; it was soft and balmy and filled me with a sense of profound calm.. I next found, with something of wonder and gratitude, that the fearful pain which had pre viously afflicted me had disappeared. I involuntarily raised my hand to my shoulder to feel if the broken spear was there, but found, to my infinite re lief, that it was not, but in its place was a soft bandage. Then as my senses fully awoke I began to narrowly scan the surroundings. The couch I was lying on felt remarkably comfortable, and I noticed that it was as soft and springy as an air-bed. I could not examine it at the time, but later on I did so and was surprised at the in genuity with which- it was constructed. "Glancing round,, the size of the chamher-next dedmanded-attentio.n It seemed to be limitless and looked as though I was lying in the open air, yet I well knew it was' not so. I could see translucent beams and sheets of soft radiance in every direction, and the roof of the chamber appeared to reach the sky. I afterwards found out this was only an optical illusion but one that had a material object in view and rendered immense service to those who carried it out. My eyes quickly be came accustomed to the strange light, and then I noticed that rwas the only occupant of the vas, e:.amber. "I might as well mere explain that the place was not b niy means vast but only made to appear so, and though simply done the effect both material and aesthetic was excellent. "When I began to.: recover I saw that the place was really an oval cavern not more than forty) feet in its longest measurement: The roof was about the same height, but, i can assure you, that a person lying on his back on a plain and looking up at the vault of heaven would not believe the latter to be larger than I did the chamber in which I awoke to consciousndss. With little effort-a fact that surprised me even then-I got up on my elbow and peered around. "The place was absolutely tenantless save by myself and I marvelled'at it. My wounds felt as though almost healed and then it occurred to me that I must have been weeks in the unconscious state. I well knew that unless I was under the spell-of some- magieian,-or in the hands of a wonderful scientist -killed in the use ofdrowsy herbs,-suck nepenthe could not have come to me." "And may I.ask you," interrupted Mills, "ifyou had been in an uncon scious state for long? Did you ever find that out ?" "Yes. Later on Idiscovered that I was nearly. six weeks in a trance, .or rather it could not be called a trance condition; for though my brain was asleep my bodily functions continued -and, in fact, when my mental and nervous faculties awoke I was almost cured of my terrible injuries." "That is a most extraordinary thing," the squatter again said. "Yet it is absolutely true, as you will hear," continued O'Malley. "After looking round the chamber for some minutes, I lay back on my couch and began to think thematter over. -The only recollection I had of past events was the attack made by blacks on Stuart's camp and my capture and sub sequent agonies. I could remember the influx of natives into the cavern where I lay and the strange antics they carried on, but no further could I get. The hideous .brm o W-oosai-was ever before my eyes, but as I continued to think the matter out memory began to weave the thread of circumstances, and at last like a flash of lightning the store house of my mind was illumined with the figure of the strange white man. "I turned my head in alarrs at the :hought and beside me stood the ex traordinary being whom I had before seen in the black cavern. As I gazed at him I made an effort to speak, but he made a gesture of silence and sud denly left me." CHAPTER XXII. rH'r iUt?RIED SEt. "-As one-mentally and-- physically paralyzed I watched the slowly retreat ing figure of the white apparition, for so far I could not ijuite comprehend that my visitor was a being of this world, The whole thing seemed so u;rcil that mi.doubts were scarcely to be vondered at, you:;will say. Waking f ,,m the long trance-in whicth I had lain in a place such as-niy eyes had never before rested on and amidst su roundings appearing to me weird and unnatural, perplexity and wonderment were what might be expected. I saw the figure as it got fartlier away accele rate its pace, until'in a few moments it appeared to almost fly across.the seem ing vast dhamber, and then with asharp turn to the'right I lost sight of it "A few moments after two figures' entered the place and came swiftly to wards me. Of course it was the op tical illusion of great distance which made the movements "f my visitor, appear so rapid. I soon discovered that their usual gait was slow and solemn. "The second visitor was different from the first inasmuch as a long white beard depended from the chin, whilst the face of the first was quite bare. The garb, too, of the newcomer seemed to my unaccustomed eyes of richer material, though it was of the same style-as his companions. "On reaching my couch I was reas sured by tlse kindly look which the t W- eThi es'be??-ved i .inme.- There at least was no'indication. of cannibal ism. The ghostly pallor ,f the. faces was to nie strangely impressive, whilst the eyes-more ruby than pink in color -corisiderably heightened the effect. "Regarding me for a few moments, the second visitant took from his com panion a small brazier-shaped vessel containing what I took to be white colored herbs, and by some means, which I did not detect at the time, ignited them. "Swinging the vessel over the couch a smell not much 'unlike hysop stole uponmy senses and I felt a delicious languor fall upon me. - Gradually the; figures standing by the couch became more and more indistinct, until at last they seemed to melt away in a 'hite haze, and I remember no more. "When I again came to my senses I felt stronger and my faculties were on the alert. As before I was alone, but: the chamber was now somewhat fami liar to me and Ibegan to discern that it was something like a cavern or an oval room so arranged with mirrors that it extended into infimnity. I sat up on the side of the couch which I found was set upon legs and sides of white rock. With an effort I tried to stand, but was so giddy that I was fain to seek the aid of the couch. Then I noticed that the clothing I wore when taken from Stuart's camp was gone and garments somewhat similar to those I had seen nthe-itv-mys-eriousvisitants replaced them. They were not so loose nor quite so ample, but were soft and pleasant I noticed that they appeared to be knitted or woven, and very skil fully so. "I felt for the wound on my shoulder but it was almost healed, and though I pressed it hard could not feel any pain. , This was, indeed, a marvellous transformation, and I sought to think what had lhapoened. In vain I racked my brain. Nb theory-- could-advance or build up would account satisfactorily for my position. But a day or two previously as-I thought Stuart's camp had teen attacked and I wounded al most unto death and carriedoft a prisoner by cannibal blacks. "The fearful journey to the side of the strange river where the waterfall was, rose in my mind, andthen the scene in the cavern with the natives dancing and gesticulating around me were conjured up. I'remember the flight of the blacks and.the appearance of the white appari tion and also my awakening. But what did it all mean? "Common sense told me, through my wound being almost healed, that unless a miracle had happened the night attack on the camp must have oc curred a month or lsore previously. Yet, what caused the blank in memory during that period ?' "There were no famous hospitals or physicians in Central Australia to work such a transformation. Perhaps, I re flected; Stuart may have rescued me fro-mth-abfriginihis and'conveyed me south, but the absurdity of the supposi ti?ni?fn-cestr~uck me. Such a tre mendous journey could not have been made without- my knowledge, and, moreover I knew what a British hos pital was like. "The mysterious place I was now in did not bear the remotest resemblance to such an institution, and neither did the queer attendants. Perhaps it was a phantom hospital with ghostly nurses and doctors that I was an inmate of. I actually pinched myself as this thought flitted through my mind to see if I were living or dead, but soon con cluded that I was very much alive. "After sitting in an upright position trying to think out the problem of my whereabouts for more than half-an hour, the giddiness which at first afflictedme through being so longre- cumbent partly passed away. When I stood up the second time I could keep my feet, and as I made a few steps away from the couch the sensation of walking was quite a novel one. I made towards the apparently far-distant wall of the chamber, but as I went forward slowly it seemed to approach me rapidly. At first this was bewildering, but I soon grew accustomed to it. "It was with no little surprise Ifound after taking a dozen steps that I had reached the wall of the chamber. A short examination convinced me it was formed of polished stone and arranged in peculiar convex surfaces. The stone -or rather the m"ain rock-was, I should say, granite, but it was veneered over in a remarkable manner with thin flakes of crystal. "I was trying to fix my attention on it to distinguish whether it was natural or artificial in formation, when a reflec tion canght my eyes and turning I be held the two beings approaching. "They reached the couch as I turned anctstood tiere apparently waiting for me to return to it. Something in their mien, or mayhap a peculiar attractio., drew me back and slowly I went towra; ' the spot and sat down on the sid: c, the bed,-(To aE CONTINUEC.) g' 