LEEDERVILLE COUNCIL. SUSPENSION OF THE TOWN CLERK. SPECIAL MEETING AGAIN AJDJOURNED. A LIVELY DISCUSSION. The adjourned special meeting of the Lee- derville Council was held on Monday to con- sider the report of the auditor-general in re- ference to the special audit of the council's books. There were present— The Mayor (Mr. J. Veryard), and Crs. Thompson, Rae, Thorpe, H. EHckson, Ashwortli, Keece, Cava nagh, and R. J. Dickson. Tiiere was also a large number of ratepayers present. 1'Jie Mayor asked lie council to allow him a few minutes to speak before the business was commenced, as it was just possible that he was able to clear an error. Resolutions, which had been carried at- a ratepayers' meet ing, had been forwarded to him by the ehair aan of toat meeting. As far as tie was con cerned he was glad to see such a large attend ance. (Applause. ) He said, for his sake, be cause tbere was a matter in tbe report with reteiecee t-o tiim, -.nd whatever the decision of the council was in reference to tbe rest of the matter, he wanted the public to be present when the matter dealing with himself vras before tbe council. Most of them were, no doubt, surprised to find the doors open, see ing that it was the intention of holding tbe meeting in committe*-. Ote reason for that was that he felt certain the council would alter their opinion, after hearing what he had to sax, so as to admit tbe public. He did not mean to say they were going to stultify themselves in regard to their actions, bat for a reason he would show them later en. Another reason for leaving the doors open was that he felt certain that, after his remarks, the ratepayers would retire if the council still decided, by a majority; to hold the meeting in committee. He trusted that they would do this. He wished to give them a re sume cf his actions in reference to the mat ter before them, and be did so with the per mission of Mr. Johnston. On last Saturday night week he had had handed to him the report of the audltor*generaL In consequence of that report, on Monday morning following he made arrangements for the suspension of the town clerk and tbe appointment of the acting town clerk. He thought that was as proper as most of them could expect him to act. On Monday afternoon he gave Sir. Johnson bis written suspension, and to the acting town clerk bis letter of appointment. He then gave instructions to summon a spe cial meeting of the council, which was held on the fol Jawing night. At that meeting the report was read, and it was decided ^con sider tie matter in committee on the follow ing Friday night. He wanted to tell them that he had been accused fcy a large number of people and two councillors of being one of Mr. Johnson's strongest supporters. Cr. Cavanagh: That is so. The Mayor, continuing, said that two conn cillors bad waited upon him, and had both told Km that he was damaging his future prospects in LeedervOe. They said tiiat they understood be aspired to represent Leeder ?nJie in the House, and, by supporting Mr. Jchnson, he was spoiling his chance. He had replied that he did not desire a seat in the House, if he had to get there by damning any man without evidence. (Applause.) Jlr. Johnson had proved himself to be a man. On Friday afternoon he came to the chambers and made good the shortage in his accounts! and had tendered his resignation as town clerk. _ Cr. Cavanagh: That is very considerate of him! Very! The Mayor, continuing, said that when Mr. Johnson tendered his resignation his advice to him. was to allow lie matter to be made pnb'Jc. He gave him the same advice on two occasions afterwards. Mr. Johnson had taken the advice of bis other friends and aence the block in business. ? Cr. Cavanagh: He is stfll commaaderin chief, then? The speaker, resuming, said that if Mr Johnson had taken his advice the proceed ings would have come to an end tbe other njgfcfc. He had been approached by some of Mr. Johnson's friends and asked what chance he had for reinstatement, and his reply was that he bad not got a- ghost of a show. If tie council decided to sit in com mittee, as far as he was concerned, he would swim or sink with tie coanciL if a motion was carried that they should sit with closed doors, that motion mnst be carried ont. A Voice : Well, yon will not sit at alL The Mayor, resuming, said that if ther were dissatisfied with their mayor and council they had the power to turn them out at the proper time. (A Voice: We intend to.) If the verdict was that the public should not be admitted, he would trust to cneir nonor to retire. He thought, how ever, that the council would be in favor of sitting wife open doors. He moved that the council should sit with open doors. Cr. Cavanagh seconded the motion. Cr. Asiwrorth ? thought that notice of motion should be given. The resolution was that they should sit in committee, and that motion must be rescinded before another one could be put forward. The Mayor: That is so. A Voice : For God's sake, get on with the business. Cr. Asaworth: I ask you to have this gentleman removed. The Mayor said that he would adjourn lie meeting if theie was not order. He would withdraw his motion, and moved that the motion passed at the last meeting should be rescinded. Cr. R J. Dickson said that if they sat with so many interjections as they bad, how could they properly consider the report? He would stall stand out iihat the council should sit in committee. He had no desire to bnrke an inquiry, but the council had passed two motions to the effect that they should sit in committee, and he would hold to those motions. Cr. H. Dickson said he did not desire to bide anything from tie ratepayers, bnt he coincided with Cr. E. J. Diekson's remarks, that they could not consider the report with, so many interjections. He appealed to the ratepayers if they did not think it would! be better to consider the report in com-j mittee, and for that committee to make a I report to' the council, and afterwards to a meeting of ratepayers. He was not certain whether it was netessary to hold a committee meeting with closed doors. He felt in clined stall to object to the rescinding cf the motion. Cr. Thompson expressed his determination of voting against die rescinding of the motion. Or. Ashworth said that on principle he crould nphold the dignity of the council, trhieh, he was sorry to say, had been dragged through, the mud. * The right-thinking of the men were with the council in tieir action. ( (Hoots and cheers.) If a vote was taken, he : considered that bis seat tras quite safe. (Groans and applause.) He would vote against the motion brought forward br Che Mayor. Cr. B. J. Dickson made some remark to Cr. Cavanagh. Cr. Cavanagh t Shut up, whisky. Cr- R. J. Dickson objected to the remark, which, after some hesitation, was withdrawn by Cr. Ca-vanagh. *Cr. Eeece said that he would certainly vote against rescinding tbe motion. If the ratepayers were not satisfied wit-a him he would resign. The Mayor said that he was not asking tliem to stultify their action at the last meet ing. The case was entirely altered since that motion was carried. He was not doing this because of the ratepayers, but because he thought it was the proper thing to do. The motion was put and lost, Crs. Rae, Cavanagh, and Thorpe voting for, and Crs. Thompson, H. Dickson, Ashworth, and H. J. Dickson against it. : Cr. Rae informed tbe ratepayers that tfcey had the opportunity of holding a meeting in tike other hall. Cr. R. J. Dickson moved that the council should go into committee. Cr. Thompson seconded the motion. Cr. Cavanagh said that since he had been in the council three councillors had sup ported the town clerk very consistently. These councillors were Crs. Thompson, it. J. Dickson, and Ashivorth. They voted for him like % machine. The only reformation had been brought about by the ratepayers and Cr. Rae and himself. * These men were not representing the people. (Cheers.) Cr. | Cavanagh here made an insulting remark to- : wards the ex-tom clerk. j Mr. Johnson said that he was not going to stand this man's remarks. The councHlorS| had come to use a brutal majority against Cr. Rae and himself. The Mayor then told Cr. Cavanagh to speak on tbe motion. Cr. Cavanagb, continuing, said tbat he ap proved of the Mayor's action while presiding at the table. He thought that if the coun cillors had any decency they would consider the matter in public. Mr. Johnson: I wish to state that I desire the matter to be considered in committee. Or. H. Dickson said that Cr. Cavanagh had made serkras statements. He thought his remarks were quite uncalled for. He thought that Mr. Johnson's remark would; show that the councillors were not desirous j of shielding him. They were acting according to their rights, and Cr. Carauaga had hoj grounds on which to call them turncoats. Uej had represented his portion of the munici pality as squarely as Cr. Ca.vanagh. Cr. Cavanagh: I bope fche ratpayers will not go oat. Stop here. The Mayor then asked the ratepayers to retire. A Voice : Will you allow the press to re main? The Mayor said that if they did not give them satisfaction they knew what to do. Cr. Thompson said that he had no objec tion to the press being present. Cr. H. Dickson said that he bad no wi-h for the reporters to retire, and he only de sired the ratepayers to retire because 'they could not go on with the business with in terjections from them. Tbe Mayor moved that the press be al lowed to remain. Cr. Thompson seconded the motion, which was carried. Cr. Cavanagh : I will move that the public be allowed to remain. The Mayor : The motion is out of order. Cr. Cavanagh: I hope the ratepayers will not leave. A Voice: Ton will adjourn for six months before we leave. The Mayor asked them as gentlemen to retire. Some of the ratepayers then started to re tire. Cr. Rae said that he had bsen requested to ask that tbe report be read, and tbe rate payers would then retire. The Mayor pointed out that it would take over an hour to read the report. A ratepayer asked tbe Mayor for his as surance that the report would be read at the meeting of ratepayers. The Mayor said that he would give that assurance as. far as he was personally con cerned. Cr. R. J. Dickson moved that the report be read at the adjourned meeting of rate payers. Cr. Cavanagh said that the report be longed to the people, and he would not trnst the council to come to a proper decision. He was certain that they would, never see it again. Cr. H. Dickson seconded the motion of Cr. B. J. Dickson. Mr. Smith asked that the resignation of the town clerk should not be accepted until the report bad been considered by the rate payers. The motion was carried. A ratepayer then asked them to retire. Cr. Cavanagh : Stay where yon are. The ratepayers still 'remained in the cham ber. Cr. B. J. Dickson moved tbat the council adjourn to 4 p.m. on the following diy. Cr. Thompson seconded the motion! Cr. Cavanagh moved an amendment that the meeting should be adjourned to the fol lowing 'night, the meeting to be open. Cr. Rae seconded the motion. The Mayor ruled the amendment ont of order. Cr. Dickson substituted 7.30 p.m. for 4 p.m. in his motion, which was carried. The meeting then dispersed. A meeting of ratepayers was afterwards held in the Council- chamber, Cr. Cavanagh being in the chair. After some discussion a motion that tbe Mayor should be requested to call a public meeting to deal with the re port of the auditor-general was carried, and the proceedings then terminated. 