* MR. B OAtPRNIGIE ON TRUSTS. SMr. Carnegle believes in letting trusts alone, and in the tRay "Century," in a paper called "Popular Illusions About Trusts," he explains his attitude :-Every attempt to monopolise the manufacture of any staple Larticle carries within its bosom the seeds of failure. Long before we could legislate with much effect against trusts there would be no necessity for legislation. The last proves this, and the future is to confirm it. There should be nothing but encouragement for these vast aggregations of capital for the manufacture of staple articles. As for the result being an increase of price to the consumer beyond a brief period, there need be no fear. On the con trary, the inevitable result of these aggre gations is, finally and permanently, to give to the consumer cheaper articles than would have been otherwise possible to ob tain: for capital is stimulated by the high profits of the trust, for a season, to em barkc against it. The result is very soon a capacity of production beyond the wants of the consumer, and as the new works erect ed ard of the most improved pattern, and capable of producing cheaper than the old worklts, the vulnerable trusts are compelled to buy and capitalise at two or three times their cost. There is thus no danger ahead to the community from trusts, nor any cause for fear. The great natural laws, being the out growth of human nature and human needs, kteep on their irresistible course. Competi tion in all departments of human activity is not to be suppressed. The individual manufacturer wvho is tempted into the un usually profitable business of the trust will take care of the monopoly question and prevent injury to the nation. The trust, so far as aggregation and enlargement go, is one day to be recognlsed as a grand step toward cheaper products for the people than could have been obtained by any other mode 'than the aggregation of capital and establishmentus. Alreadly the ghosts of numerous departed trusts which aimned at monopolies have marched across the stage of human affairs each pointi~ng to its fatal wvound, inflicted by that great corrective competitlon. Like the ghosts of fMacbeth's victims, the line promises to stretch longer and longer, and also like those phantoms of the brain, they "come tike shadows, so depart." The earth hath bubbles as the water hath, And these are of them. The masses of the people, the toiling mil lions, are seoon to find in this great law of aggregation of capital and of factories an other of those beneficent agencies which in their operation 'tend to bring to the homes of the poor, in greated degree than ever, more and more of the luxuries of the rich, and into their lives more of sweetness and light. The only people who have reason to fear trusts are those who trust them. 