Hidden From All Eyes. , - — — 0 — ' CHAPTER XXIX.' (oohtiwoed)/" ' I have found out your ghost— it was a girl in a wbito dresB.' Cyril stared, whilst the others ex claimed jo surprise,— ' Panoy a white dress this weather !' snid Lady Somerville with a shiver. 'Who was she ? And where did she come from ? ' 'Nobody seems -to know,' with a glauco nt Vers, who answered it im mediately by a question, -A ' What has: hecomo of her ? ' 'I tried to find out ; but it was no good. I mnde enquiries in every direction,'— with a sigh. . 'I am sure it was very good of you, said Lady 8omorvills, quite touahed by his earnestness. 'Won't you have some ourrarit- jelly ? Georgo,' to one of the foot men—' tho jelly to Mr. Hnllon.' . 'I don't supposo you hoard any thing of Somorville T ' inquired 1 Sir Edward, still disturbed about his nephew. - ' He was seen by a little boy, who seemed to be unusually intelligent, riding full gallop down the road to Alverley station ; but the Btation- ma'slor declared that : ho hadn't been there.' ' About what time ? ' ' Four o'nlook, or soon afterwards — the hoy can't have imagined it.' ' Brookfiold (tho station - master) -must havo seen him, said Sir Ed ward; 'besides, that was just tho time when MissMaynaid was walking aloug that same road, and a horse at full gallop must have attracted her at tention, even if sho bad not recog nised Godfrey.' ' I saw a horse going very fast,' she began oagerly,- seeing a chance of- clearing herself in Oyril's eyos. \ Perhaps it startled you?' said Yero, with n slight emphasis. ' Was no one on his back ? ' with sudden anxiety from the Baronet. 'Oh, yes, someone — but it was going so fast,' ahe added,. eonfusedly. 'Still I thought you would shave known Godfrey.' said Meta, who thought she would have been able to identify him anywhere, without any light to speak of. 'Re passed me so quickly— and it was growing dark.' 'Strange, that he shouldn't .have pulled up, for he must have een you.' 'Not (it all, Mr. Vere,' and Meta looked slightly orose, 'he was evidently in a great . hurry.' ' I never said - it was Mr. Somer- ville ! ' said Bella, hastily. 'You nover said it wasn't,' and Oyril looked down his nose at her. 'What does it matter.? I am tired of his name ; let us talk of something: else.' ' By all means ; I thought it inter ested you!'. ' Then you are mistaken. Why are you cross with me again? ' lookiog"up into his' face with very wistful eyee. ' I have done nothing to offend you.' Ob, nothing, nothing at all, I know I have no right to .interfere ' — his shirt-collar seemed suddenly" to have become of a most muaher-like description. 'I shuold bate you if you didn't,' her eyes sparkling, her breast heaving under tho pink camelia in the front of her dress, ' Then I will givo you one bit of advice,' leaning forward so that no one else might hear him. ' When you go to doubtful interviews, take care not to leave, a trace behind.' ' I don't know what you mean. Doubtful interviews, indeed ! There is no one whom I should take the troublo to meet as you mean — on the sly.' Then Bbe rose from the table in obedience to a sign from her hostess, and followed her into the drawing- room. ' " Oyril looked after her with a puzzled oppression on his face. She looked so perfeolly honest, and yet how could ho poBBibly believe her with that red bow in bis pooket? AH that evening Meta oonld settle to nothing. What had become of. Godfrey ? That waB the only question that puzzled her brain. To gallop along the roads seemed so extraordin ary unless there was some particularly pressing business on hand ; and what could that business be which had croppod upso unexpectedly in the course of a ride home ? Overy one Beemed glad when it waB time to go to bed, and the gentlemen retired to the smoking-room as soon as they decently could. ' Good-ntulit, dear ! don't fuss your self,' and Nella deposited a kiss on Meta's oheek as they stood together on the landing outBide her bedroom. ' I daresay Mr. Somerville has gone up to town to the theatro. He was talking of it the other night.' . ' Thon it was too? bad of bim not to teli us, kooping'us all a in fidget about bim,' a transient fit of anger flushing her oheek. ' He might have fallen from hja horse nod lm dragged along with his foot in the stirrup,' puokering up her face for a cry. 'I think Pearl would li ve oome home if he had. Doa't you re member another time he disappeared for a whole day, and wouhl give no aooaunt for his actions ? ' (But that was in tho daytime and quite different.' ' Well, go to bed, and depend upon it, he will turn up at breakfast.' Mota shook her bead dison isolately, but said no moro, and retired to her room. ' (To It continued J, 