FICTION FRED FORREST'S CON FESSION. CHATTER I, "I call It disgraceful— nothing short of disgraceful," . said Miss Mitobelmoro de cisively, " Eh ? What is disgraceful ?" asked her brother from behind bis newspaper. " For a young married women to carry on as Mrs. Isbistcr dees ; or (or any woman — married or elnglo— to carry on so, for tho matter of that." Edmnod Mltchclmore folded up his paper with leisurely deliberation. "Indeed?" he asked. "What's she been up to now ?" " Oh, her old game— flirtation. Only nntll recently— until Fred Forrest earao back, to be precise— the game was not carried on quite so openly and shamelessly." " So Fred has came book ?" a " Yes, he came at the ond of last week, since when, if Flossie Is to bo believed, life has been rondo a burden (0 bim by a pack of silly women running after bim." "Ah! the penalty of being a ladles' favourite.', " The penalty of being tbo richest young eligible in the neighbourhood— not to mention the fact that be is good-looking, has charming manners, and sings sentimental songs di vinely." " Fred's a good chap in spite of all that the girls have done to turn bis head." " I daresay, and I can understand the un married girls running after him— that's only natural. Rut for the youog married women to do their best to absorb him, and spoil the other girl's chances, as Flossie IsMstrr openly leasts of. doing— well, I call it 6imply wicked." Edmund looked at bis sister for a moment before replying. Editba Mitobelmoro had turned thirty and was still unmarried— she was not even engaged. Edmund felt snre sho herself had no designs on Fred Forrest,, who was only twenty-seven. Still, it was possible that she might bo spanking feelingly. " Perhaps Flossie was purposely cxngger. ating," F.dmund suggested." "You know she delights in shocking people at times, and you have rather a talent for being shocked." "She has no right to talk as she does," Editba na!ntiin»(J, " I'm lutl If Mr. Fonist could hear her ho would oocn his eyes ; but I suppose It would bo impossible for you to give bim a hint." " Well, rnlbor." " At any rate, come round with mo to my Lady's llowcr on Flossie's next day at homo. I should like you to hear her for yourself." When Edmund Mitchclmoro and his sister called at My Lady's Rower a few days later they were rather disappointed at finding Mrs. Landwatcr there. Mrs. Lnndwntor was the terror of her acquaintances. Everyone tried to avoid her or fled at bcr approach. Rut this did not disturb ber In the least. Onco sho caught you thore was no getting away from her— the words simply poured from her lips in nn inexhaustible stream, and you were lucky if you mndo your cscapo in Icsb than fifteen or twenty minutes. Little Mrs. Ishistor had no chance against her. Sho roiled horblue eyes, and vigorously shook or nodded her round head with its erop of fuzzy golden hnir, but sho couldn't get a word in'crigcwuys. At length she turned to Edmund in despair. "I asked Mr. Forrest to call to-day," sho said, " and ho promised to do so 5 but perhaps bo has forgotten. Would you mind going round and reminding bira ?" Edmund was an old friend, and Mrs. Ishis tor could safely prefer such a request. " 1 shall be delighted to go," ho replied, tho truth being that he ws not sorry to got away from Mrs. Landwater's chatter. " I must be going, too," said Mrs. Land- watcr ; but Edmund made his escape oetore she could Bcttlc bcrsolf on him. When ho reached tho garden gate ho per ceived Fred Forrest comiog iu tbo direction of My Lady's Bower. He was atill some dis tance off, and with him was Howard Isbister's cousin, Lilian Armitnge, a tall, graceful girl 'of twenty-three or thereabouts. Sho had very regular, decided features, but her dark almost gipsy, complexion did not command universal admiration. Yet it was a beautiful face — tho dark, honest eyes had nothing bold in their expression, and tho clusters of raven- black wero in perfect harmony. Fred Forrest looked as If be were decidedly interested in the girl just then, and Edmund paused at the gate, hesitating to spoil good company. Then ho turned back to the house just as Mrs. Lnndwator camo out. She promptly buttonholed bim on tho doorstop. Whon Fred aud Lilian reached the gate of My Lady's Bower, Fred exclaimed, " There's that terrible Mrs. Landwatcr talking to poor Mitchclmoro. Do lot us go round the other way, and perhaps wo may avoid her." Tho pair accordingly npproaobed tho door by the more circuitous path leading past tbo dining-room window. Mrs. L&ndwater;, bow- czor, seemed In no hurry to let ber viotira go, and through tho thick shrubs, which com pletely concealed them from vlow, Fred and Lilian could hear the monotonous cackle of her voice. "What a treat!" cried Fred softly. "Wo can't stand here. It would look as if we were eavesdropping." The onlv other snot on which thev could stand was directly in front of tbo dining-room window, the lower half of which was wido open— the aftornoon being warm. One of tho folding doors jnst opposite was slightly, ajar, and tho volocs from the drawing-room on the other side wero dlstlncly audible. " Is she tho girl yon sald bad a fancy for him ?" wero tho first words . that reached tho care of Fred and Lilian. ' "Yes, aho is one of. them,". Mrs. Isblster's clear, high-pitched' volco rang out in reply. » poor Molly I. .It's simply billing'tp watch how she runs nftor him. He doesh't.oaro a bit for her— Indeed, he bates having her al ways on his truck, and he'll certainly never marry her. Sho is nlways calling on mo to sec If he la here— if Fred comes In now, you'll see Miss Molly within ten minutes er a quar ter of an hour later." "A titter of subdued, well-bred laughter followed. Fred and Lilian looked at oaoh other. " This is livoly," bo said. "Most interesting,'' Lilian returned. "I feel quite anxious to'gct In to hear more of the discussion." " Perhaps, If you romnln where you aro, vou will hear moro than you will if you go inside," was Fred's montal rejoinder, but bo gave no uttoranco to this opinion. "I don't sco that we can move till Mrs. Landwatcr goes," he said aloud. " To come \- out now yfould look as if we hnd been listen ing to her conversation. What on earth doos Mitchclmoro mean by gossiping so long It almost looks as if he wero keeping us hero on purpose." Conversation was rather difficult to su&tAin;, for each momontarlly.expootcd that tho other pair would separata. Both Lilian and Fred made valiant efforts to dlstraat their attention from the diseussion In tbo drawing-room ; but it was Impossible to ignore tho (act that Mrs. Ibister was enlarging on her own confi dential Intimaoy with Mr. Forrest and the consequent envy and rivalry of all her femin- Ino friends. "Since then Mrs. Woodfleld hasn't ovon looked at me when wo met at tennis," she was saying, " and Mis. Belmont has scarcely spoken. I think It's awfully silly of them to behavo so, but, nftcr all, tboy are mostly very silly in some ways. I could out out the wholo lot of them If I liked." "I think U is worse than foolish for mar- . ried women to try to attraot other men," : came Editha Mitcholmoro's voice severely. "Well, yes," assented Mrs. Isbistcr, "but in my case Howard knows ail about my friend- ' At this there was another laugh— obviously at tbo naive admission on Mrs. Isblster's part that she tried to attract other mon. Of this, howovor, the lady herself Geemod quite tin- oblivious, for she proceedcd.unabashed : " You know I don't believe Fred will over marry. Tho other day I told bim qulto seri ously that ho ought to, but bo only laughed and said, ' No. why should I marry ?' There's only one girl I'd liko to boo him marry. She's eminently suited to him in every way, but she's absolutely hideous to look at. It Is not that she's merely plain or oven ugly— no, she Is hideous, there's no other word for It. Fred And I have nicknamed hor Anne— that is not her real n&mo; of courso." . " And Is Mr. Forrest likely to marry this young lady?" someone asked. Fred and Lilian stosd bereft of speech white Mrs. Isbistcr replied. " I have often advised him to da so," was tho answer. " The very last time ho wns here I said to him, ' Why don't you marry Anne ?' 4 Would you liko mo to ?' ho asked, and I said, 1 Yos ?' Then ho said very qulotly, " Shall I marry Anne?" By that I saw ho was so serious so I cried out, 'No, no— don't marry Anne.' " "For goodness' sake, let us try and get Awny from here," Fred said to Lilian, who bad grown a little palor, while there seemed a tight look about tho corners of her mouth. " Mrs. Ishistor won't leave mo a vestige of character if we don't.' " It is very amusing," said Lilian, with the ghost of a smile. " More amusing than tt will be after we arrive, I fancy." Lilian mado no reply to this. At that moment Mrs. Lnmlwuter contrived to tenr horsolf away, nn 1 Fred and Lilian were freo to approach tbo front door. " Ob, here you are ?" said Edmund as they came up, and the three went In togothor. Mrs. Isbistcr greeted Lilian with effusion and Fred with becoming cordiality. " You camo with Mr. Forrest ?" she asked sweetly, but with u slight frown, whon tho fresh arrivals had seated themselves. " Yes " Lilian replied pleasantly. " And oh, Mrs. Isbistcr, do toll me one thing, please." She paused for a moment and then asked de liberately, " Who is Anno?" Mrs. Isbistcr looked blank. " Anne I" she echoed faintly. " Yes. Mr. Forrest has been telling me about n mysterious vpung lady whom you Imvo been strongly advising him to marry. Ho has roused my curiosity bocauso he won't tell me her nano. Xou cr bi-I forget which of you ho said it was— have rochristened her Anne." 44 xi was too bad of air. Forrest to mix me ap in a matter of tblsklod," said Mrs. isbistcr roproaohfully, Mr. Forrest looked decidedly uncomfortable at this, bat Attempted no defence. " Tho new' name. It seeme, is most Appro priate to the young lady," Miss Armltage pursued, apparently oblivious of the sensation hor words were making, "for she Is so plain of feature that she 1s positively frightful to look at. She 1b a porfeot Gorgon, Mr. Forrest assured mo " " Oh I no, pardon me, I didn't say any thing of tho kind," Fred Interrupted. "I couldn't say th&t;, for I don't consider tho lady at all ugly or evon plain. On tho con trary, I think sho is very good looking !" " Thore I Isn't that just liko a man ?" ex claimed Lilian gaily. " Ho wants to throw all tho blame of tho lady's Ill-looks upon you, Mrs. Isbistcr. Isn't that too bad of him ?" " It is indeed," Mrs. Isbistcr averred. " Especially," added EdUha Mitcholmore, " as Flossie can't retreat, for, just before you camo In, sho was tclUng ue how hideous the Anne girl was 1" " Hideous, yes, that's tho word, hideous 1" orled Lilian, with apparent satisfaction. " Tbo description certainly wasn't my own invention. And as far as I could gather, the glrl'a chief merit as a wife for Ml. Forrest Is that she has absolutely nothing to recommend hor." "Did Mr. Forrest say that?" asked Mrs. Isblster quickly. " Indeed, I did not," that gentleman re turned with equal promptness. " I fear Miss Armitogo is romancing." 41 At any rote," Lilian continued. " there Is no fear of this Gorgon girl annexing Mr. Forrest, for It seems that ho has solemnly sworn allegiance to— but, perhaps, I mustn't tell that. Mr. Forrest ?" 44 Indeed, you mustn't, for I haven't told you," Fred replied pointedly. "Don't say that— I'm qui to willing to spare you," said Lilian good- huinouredly. Mrs. Isbister hurriedly changed tho subject, and tho conversation drifted into general topics. CHAPTER H. When Lilian rose to go, Fred rose also. " Don't go yet," Mrs. Isbister said to blra softly and persqaslvcly, " 80 sorry, Mrs. Isbistcr, but I really must," ho declared blandly, and departed. "Don't let me take you out of your way, Mr. Forrest," said Lilian rather frigidly, as Fred ranged blmsilt by ber ildi, "Don't send mo away," ho begged. "I didn't plead business to Mrs. Isbister, but if I havo any it Is with you. After what we over heard at tho window, I owe it to myself to mako some oxplaaation to you. "Tboroisno need to oxplaln," sho said. " I had rather yon would listen to mo," he pursued in n humblo, pleading tone that was vary fascinating. " 1 won't detain you long ; ba<I do. want to tell you something. Mrs. Isbister gave quite an crroneouR impression of mysolf and my views." " Go on then," sbo returned resignedly. 41 It is quite truo that eorao days ago I told Mra.Tsbi8ter I hnd no Intention of marrying at present." "I cordially applaud your resolution." " Don'tbo cynical," bo entreated. 14 1 havo no projaaico ngainBt mnrriago ; though that was what sho tried to Infer— on the contrary, I intend to marry whon tbo proper girl comos along, if sho will havo me." "Oh !" " I am sorry you aro offended with mo." "I? Why should you. ImaglDo I am offended with you?" sho cried in seeming astonishment. "Your mannor betrays that, and I am not surprised, after what foil from Mrs. Isblster's lips. You think hardly of mo on accouut of tbo girl whom Mrs. Isbister rcforred to as Anne." "Indeed ("Lilian returned. "Do you think it is admirable In a man to flirt with a youog married woman 60 that sho can boast ot it as airs. Isbister does with you 7" sho demanded. "Don't you think it Is de- splcablo In him to discuss with her tho single girls who run aftorhim— even supposing there aro some who nro foolish and unwomanly enough to do so? 44 1 should dcscrvo all tho hard names you call ino, and more," bo replied, " wore I guilty of all that you charge mo with. But let mo assure you you aro quite mistaken in tho in ferences you havo drawn— naturally enough; I admit— from Mrs. Isbistor's remarks." " Id nil of tbom?" " In all of tbcin. I have never flirted with Mrs, Isbister, nor havo I over seriously dis cussed any girls in relation to myself. With regard to tho girl Anno, you could sco that Mrs. Isbister was palpably jcalons of her- henco the comments." 44 Yes, I think jealousy had something to do with hor spiteful remarks. Yet what right has sho to bo jealous 7 I should call it an insult to her husband." " Howard Isbister is a fool," returned Fred impatiently. " Ho is so infatuated with his wifo that ho sees nothing but what she wishes him to, and allows her to do exactly as sho likes. But now lot us loavo hor alone," bo weot on, his volco taking a tender or tone. "There Is something I want to confess to you— something I havo not told anyone olso." . " Not oven Mrs. Isbister?" " Not Mrs. Isbistcr, though she did her best to fish something of tho kind out of me. It is this. You remember I told you a little time ogo that I was ready to marry when tho right girl came along ? Woll, lately, I havo begun to nopo that I have found her." At this Lilian ohaoged color slightly, but she ventured no remark. 44 You can guess who I mean, oan you not Lilian ? " he continued. 44 You aro tho girl who can make mo happy if you ohooso. I lovo you, Lilian— now you can understand what your good opinion means to me." For a moment she could not speak. 44 Are you joking ? " she asked at length In rather a stifled voice. " Joking I " ho ejaculated in dismay. "Great Scott, no ! How can you imagine such n thing? Lilian, answor me— this is life and'deatn to me. Will you marry mo ? ".I ban hardly bellevo you are-serious," she replied tremulously. " You carry on a desperate flirtation with Mrs. Isbister— yon make fun of me with bcr, and then yon oome and toll me yon lovo me, and ask mo to mmry you. It seems a little strange, doesn't Despite his oloquenco in lovo making it muBt be confessed that Fred out rather a poor figure as he Attempted to explain away the inconslsteuoy of his conduct. Ho was, however, really in earnest about Lilian, and as sho In her heart of hearts scorctly recipro cated, she did not refuse bim point-blank, but said sho would consider the matter. Her answer given a few days afterwards, was not entirely satisfactory to Fred. " I am not yet qulto oortaln that I should bo wise in confiding my future to you," she said, 41 so in tho meantime, if you please, let matters continue on their old footing. Go on making yourself agreeable to Mrs. Isbister and the other married women as you hnyo been doing— only, don't lot tbem suspect that there is likely to be anything between you and mo." "You are delightfully Inconsistent," he protested. "Not more so than you havo been," she returned.-. " Menntimo_ you can keep your ears open, and if within the next fortnight or sob I should oall yon 4 Fred, in the presence ot witnesses, you can tnko it as a signal to announco our engagement Immediately." It was abjut a week later that Lilian and Mrs. Isbister mot at Miss Mitobelmore's on her day at home. Mrs. Belmont and one or two other common friends and acquaintances wore also present, and Mrs. Isbister thought it might be a favorable opportunity to pay out Lilian for her little pleasantries about "Anne." Lilian, ofi ber part, seemod in no wise desposed to avoid an encounter, and nrosentlv cava Mrs. TnSlcfo thn «An, AnAninM », «, "" VfMIIUU she required. 44 Have yon seen Mr. Forrest lately?" Lilian asked ingeniously. 44 Yes, I've met him nearly every day." Mrs. Isbister replied gushingly. 41 Yes ? Any moro nows of Anne ? 44 Mrs. Isbister frowned slightly. " We havo agreed not to discuss hor now," she said. " Oh, then, I presumo ynu haven't been urging him again to marry her ? " "No, indeed," she returned soornfully; " I'm afraid that would be quito hopeless. There Is not tho remotest enance of that happening, and a good thing too, for the poor girl would never be ablo to manago him." "Ah, Flossie, few girls have your capacity : for maintaining an ascendanoy over men," Editba remarked encouragingly. " Oh, I don't profess to bo specially gifted in that respect," said Mrs. Isbister deprccat- ingly ; " though certainly I can manage some men uncommonly well." "Indeed! is Mr. Forrest one of these?" asked Lilian. Evidently Miss Armltago was very sore over Mr. Forrest, thought Mrs. Isbister. Well, so much the better— so much tho easier 10 in flame the wound, "Mr. Forrest ia a dear boy," sbo returned in on intensely satisfied tone. " He and I are jnst like brother and sister. He tells mo everything," "Really I" "Yos. That boy could no moro keep a secret from mo than ho could fly." " How very confiding Mr. Forrest must be I" "Not with everybody I" Mrs. Isbister added hastily ; 44 not with anybody, in faot, except myself. I don't know why it is so. I'm sure, but It Is." "And thore is still no prospect of his marrying any of tlgitrie who aro so devoted to bins ? " asked Luian. 44 There is no likelihood of him marrying anyone in the near future," Mrs. Isbister re turned decisively. « I should say It is very improbable that he will ever marry nt all." At this moment Howard Isbister and his father wero announced, and a moment later Fred Forrest. Old Mr. Isbister, who had not seen his nleco for somo time, greeted Lilian with a paternal kiss. Fred, as ho camo after him, looked as if ho would liko to oapy the s&lutc;, 44 Ah, Miss Armltage," exclaimed Mrs. Is bister gaily, as sho noticed tho inoldent, "you may kiss Mr. Isbister— you may even kiss Howgrd |( you like 1 1 shan't object. But you musn't kiss Mr. Forrest — ho'a ray property." '"Woll, that's hard lines— Isn't it Froa?" cried Lilian with a look of quizzical dismay. "Fred!" exclaimed Mrs. isbister with a frigid look of shocked propriety. "Yos," said Fred promptly, taking up his cue, " the fact is, I hove asked Lilian to bo my wifo, mid sho— has accepted mo !" For a momont there was an astounding sllenco. " Oh 1 indeed," Mrs. Isbister gasped faintly. 44 Thon — I supposo I——" Sho pauBod, and a burst of Homcrio laugh ter finished tbo sontcnco for hor. " Just so," said Lilian quietly. Amid tho showers of- congratulations that followed Mrs. Isbister was ablo to . partly cover hor diBComforturo, but sho was unusu ally hllent during tho rest of tho Afternoon. Throughout thoir intercourse Fred had studiously avoidod any rofcrcnoa which would connect Lilian's identity with that of Anno. It camp with something of a shock to him, therefore, when bidding bim "Good-night" that evening, Lilian suddenly exclaimed : - " Ob, Fred I Am I really as hideous as she said?" For a momont Fred stared. " I don't know what you mean," he replied, "but In my oyes you aro the very prettiest girl in all tbo world," 