fB WORLD'S GREAT .? SSJ0. ? ? ?'-' ? - - ? ? V ? m (BY HL PHILLIPS OPPENHEIM.J iiatbor -et 'Mysterious Mr. Sabta,' *As a Man r Lives,' 'A Daughter of lite Marfonls,' etc.) I BOOKIL I .CHAPTER VL— (Continuea). I There was a little exclamation from' behind. Ijtayinond had advanced out of the shadows, I folding before him a small volume bonnd In I pge-green morocco. He was looking at the Ufle-page.; ,.... ... . 'Why, Aunt, this is a presentation copy!' he I cried. 'It was given to you by him, and he I calls you by your Christian name! Here It is: I '? 'To Marion, from Guy B. Nugent' ' I There was a moment's deep silence. She I was leaning back in her chair, and her face I fcas in. the shadow. I 'i had forgotten— the inscription !' she said. I 'But I think I told you that we used to see I j good deal of one another just then. Your I grandfather was Vicar here, you know!' I 'Why, of ?courser* Raymond Texclaimed. I 'This is interesting!' I He sat down, and commenced turning over I tfce pages. - Miss Bettesford looked at Bryan. I' 'You haven't had your second cup of tea,' I she said quietly. ''How silent we all are this I afterooonP' * I Bryan, held o'ut his cup readily.' I ' 'I'm net going without it, all the saaie,' he I answered. 'I never tasted such tea jn my life.' .. . , v - ?? .-. ' I She smiled faintly as she lifted the silver tea pot. 'I should like to have seen what you made I jn those tin things — pannikins, didn't you call them?' Bryan-made a wry face. 'Seeing Twouid have been quite enough,' he remarked. 'We had no milk, you know, and eften no sugar. One chap had a goat, and we milked it sometimes— but it wasn't very good!' '1 don't think men are any good at all at Baking tea,' she said, smiling, as she handed I him the dainty little blue cup. 'It needs a woman!' A deep flush stole into Bryan's cheeks, and he made a sudden impetuous movement which aearly upset the little bamboo table. . A swift vision of his evening meal so deftly prepared for him in that far-away pinewood shanty on the banks of the Blue River, had flashed up before him. Everything was there — his memo ry had been absolutely faithful to him. There was his little bed in the corner, neatly made, and half concealed; the rude table, scrubbed and polished, and his supper set out upon it with a care and neatness which had been a lerelation to. him. There was an attempt at a white cloth, a thing he had never dreamed of, and in the centre a great bunch of scarlet blossoms from the shrubs outside. Even the fioor had been cleaned of the debris cf many a Bight's smoking and drinking, and the odor of stale tobacco smoke had unaccountably disap peared, to be replaced by the sweet aromatic perfume of .the clustering flowers. But more than anything else, the memory of the girl had clung to him. There she stood, just where the sunlight touched her hair, and flashed in her glad, dark eyes, straight and slim in the tight fitting serge dress, but as supple' and elegant as some beautiful wild creature of the woods. He heard her little musical cry of welcome, and saw- the fa.nt color flushing in her dusky cheeks— almost he could feel the soft caress of her arms, and the touch of her passionate kiss upon his lips. Bryan ground 'his teeth to gether, utterly forgetful for the moment of his whereabouts. 'Was he never to escape from fee poison of these memories? His cheeks burned with a sort of shame that they should iave found their way into this little home circle whose sweet refinemeHt had become so hmspeakably dear to him. : For the first effects La his association with Miss Bettesford and I Ms quiet, secluded life at the Vicarage had I ken the growth of a sort of ultra-Puritaaism, I fr»m which standpoint he looked back with I absolute .horror upon his Californian life, and I everything connected with Myra and his asso eation with her. Even to think of those days while he sat side by side with Miss Bet I tesford, and looked into her sweet, worn face, was like a sacrilege; it was like bringing, some unclean thing into the presence of God. In another moment he feh that he must have eried out under the lash of these memories, but there came a welcome interruption. Ray mond commenced reading aloud a dakaty litfie sonnet which had taken hie fancy. 'These verses are delightful!' he exclaimed, shutting up the volume with, regret. 'No wwder tfcat he had to give up writing to es cape fame! What a. man he must be to know}' No one aaswered. There was a brief si lence, brokea by unaccust@B*ed souads from withottt-^fee trampling ©f fesEses' feet ifi the fiWie avenue, and the roHiag ©f wheels. Then an open carriage flashed past lie window, amd caaae to a sudden standstill before the deor. 'Talk of— an anger!' cried Raymoad, sjKBftg fagap. 'And here conies tbe Eazl of Wessaser!' eoaeladed Br^an, wifli a littte hard laugh. But Miss Bettesford did a©t move or speak. fi-e was flitting as cae turned to stone. CHAPTER VII.— THE EAB&.-OF WESSBMEB. 'l&ere; was scarcely a moment's delay before fee trim little maid threw open the deer and announced the visitor. ''Ehe Earl of Wessemer!' He was following her close behiea, but steed stiH for a moment upon the threshold, wfcflst she passed him and set down a rose fibaded laaip upon a litSe stand. Miss Bettes fw-d was .teasing back is her chair with half «toeei eyes. The two men had risen. He was wrapped from head to fo&t; ia a leag far ceat, aad he carried a sealskin cap in his feted. Ae he moved slowly forward towards them, and came into the broad circle of the daaciBg firelight, a sort of glow seemed to fall Bpea his perfectly-shaped head, with its classic features and full dark eyes. He wanted enly fee limp— Raymond declared afterwards— and be would have been a perfect elderly Byron. He walked up to Miss Bettesford's side with extended band, and a very slight smile upon kls lips. 'I owe you a thousand apologies for this in formal caJi,' he said, bending over her hand. 'Last night I heard that you were living here with your nephew, and I could not deny my self the pleasure of this visit.' 'We are glad to see you, Lord Wessemer,' 6he answered quietly. 'And this is .your nephew, of course,' he said, fihakmg hands with Raymond, 'and this Be had turned a little abruptly to where j Bryan was standing exactly opposite to him, and looking at Mm fixedly. There waesome thiag striking in the appearance of the two mea, both unusually tall, and sharing a com mon air of distJBctibn, and yet so. utterly dif ferent. Bryan, drawn lip to his full height, and witii his head thrown back, seemed to tewer over the Earl, and he did not flinch for a . moment from the other's keen scrutiny. Neither of them moved a rnosde. Tberewas a shade of something more than ordinary cu riosity in Lord Weesemerte face, -ot it faded away before Bryan's . .perfect; immovability. There was not the slightest trace of a smile upon his lips, or any. sign of embarrassment This is -my nephew's friend and a new neighbor of .oars,** Miss Bettesford said, break iag fee .moaaentary silence. 'Mr. BryanJ' Tbe Earl bowed slightly. He did not offer bis band, and Bryan had clasped his behind him, as was often his eastern when standing. 'Ah, we met Mr. Bryan astd your nephew on tbe sabor, I think, on the day of our 'arri- val,' Lord Wessemer said, dropping into a low: chair. 'What a wild, bleak country this is!' , 'You must find it so, after Florence,', Ray* mohd remarked. » - — - -? = The Eart'-snrugged his shoulders. ''Florence, is the' draughtiest city in the '. world,' he declared: 'I am afraid I have out grown my love for it. I have bought a villa ' at Algiers, and I shall winter there in future. Florence has become a city of ghosts to me. My few friends have all left it, or died. The English element has become absorbed in the American. It was time for me to come away. Pardon me! Do I see a teapot there, Miss Bettesford?' 'I am eo sorry, I forgot to ask you,' Miss Bettesford said, ringing the bell, 'You will have some tea, won't you ?' 'If I may— a single cup. One gets nauseat ed with green tea a la Russe on the Continent English tea with cream is the only tea fit to drink. By the bye, Mr. Bettesford, I had a fetter from you about some schools, I think. I don't believe in education myself, but I have told my agent to call upon you, and take your . instructions. Whatever you wish shall be done.' \- 'I am very much obliged, Lord Wessemer,' Raymond answered earnestly, with a flushed face. Those few careless words meant more to him than he could possibly have expressed. Henceforth he regarded Lord Wessemer in a new light. Their visitor stayed for half an hour, chat ting pleasantly, and every now and then, dur ing the pauses in the conversation, glandng keenly at Bryaa, who sat apart and talked very little. Towards the end of his .visit he rose, and looked towards the conservatory. 'Are you still as fond of palms as ever, Mies Bettesford?' he asked. 'I caught a glimpse of banks of green as I drove past.' 'Yes, I am still fond of them,' she answered. 'I have only a few, though.' 'WiJl you show them to me?' He rose and offered his arm, bending over her with the easy grace of a courtier. She hesitated for a moment, and then slowly ris ing, placed her fingers upon his eeat-sleeve. 'They are scarcely worth looking at,' shft said. 'I have only one or two that are at ah rare.' They crossed the room and entered the lit tle glass house, Lord Wessemer closing the door after them with some careless remark about the draught. Neither of them made any pretence of examining the palms. She stood leaning against the wall, with her hands pressed t© her heart, and very pale. He stood over her, his eyes fixed upon hers as though they were trying to read '.her thoughts. 'Who is that young man?' he asked. She shook her head. 'I do not know. ? He has come to the Old HalL He reads with Raymond. I know no more of him.' 'Is this true?' 'As I live!' He hesitated. 'Have you noticed anything about him?' 'It is fancy!' she said hoarsely. 'It must be fancy!' 'Has he given any account of himself at all?' 'Nose — except that he made his money abroad. I dare not question him. Sometimes — his eyes frighten me!' The Earl bent over a palm., and let its slen der threads run through his fingers. 'You must let me know, if — if- — ' 'Don't!' she eried. 'You have no right to come here at all! It is terrible! I— I am not strong!' He looked into her worn, white face, and sighed. He had made sonners to it when the eyes had been s©ft and bright, and the hair golden. He was an aesthete, and the decay of beauty was painful to him. 'Permit me!' he said, offering his arm. 'It is too cold for you here!' They were back again in the warm draw ing-room after an absence of barely five min utes. But Miss Bettesford tottered a little as she walked, although she made no effort to lean upon Lord Wessemer's arm. Bryan, who was watching, sprang up and moved to wards her. She left the Earl, and gratefully accepted his support. 'Thank you!' she said, leaning heavily upon him. 'I am afraid that I am sot very strong to-day!' Lord Wessemer murmured a little regret ful sentence, and stood prepared to take his leave. 'Will you lunch with me to-morrow. Mr. Bettesford?' he asked, as he shook hands with ham. 'I shall be very pleased,' Raymond answered at oace 'A»d if your friend, Mr. Bryan,, will par dsn. the informality, perhaps he will accom pany you?' Lard Wessemor added, turning to Bryan. 'I sfcaH fee glad i& come?' Bryan answered p&raaptiy.; The two men bowed. Then Lord Wesse aier beat «Hce mere ever Miss Bettesford. 'Helen will be coming t© see yeu very seoa,' he saM. 'If she easi persuade you to come and see my palms, aad pay us a little visit it will make us veiy happy. Qsce more, good afternoon.' Raymond walked with him to the front door. I« the little drawing-room, they could hear the sound of courteous voices, the clos ing of tibe carriage deer, aad the trampling of- the iMM-ses as tkey pawed up the gravel of the little avenue. To her tfee sound seemed to come frem a great distance, and echoed faintly ia her ears. She was passing through minutes of terture— she, a weak woman for wbrem excitement was death. And Bryan, kneeling by her side, with his eyes looking into, hers, seemed also to realise in some vague way tbe acute tension of those long minutes. He never knew exactly why he did it — it was one of those impulses which leap up from tbe heart; but, as the carriage drove off, he took the slender white hands which had been resting in his broad palm, and pres sed them tenderly to his lips. (To be continued.) 