The Breelong Blacks. Nukdle, Wcdursdny, 6.40 p. m,— Tho Governors bnilcd np and had dinner with a luuu named. Wuodley to day, eleven miles from Nuudle.* A sea ruh. ?party, arrived on the; ? scene. Tbh; blacks fired twice at a man named J.a'mco: Heyman, without effect. The other members uf the search party, all local residents, althongh well armed, rlirl nnf. firn nrid fVin Ktnui/o ftinnmiiK* down everything but their firearms and ammunition, succcodec] in escaping. Iutonuo excitement prevails. Thursday Afternoon. — After leaving Swain's place, which they robbed on on Monday night, tho outlaws appareut ly moved leisurely during Tuesday, and at. 12 30 on Wednesday camo to the camp of' two fencers named W. Woodley and R. Lord, situated among the ranges, about fourteen miles from Nundle, above Crawney Pass. The fencers were baviutr din ner at tho time, nnd saw tho blacks com ing. When within 50 yards they call ed upon the fencers to surrender, to to throw up .thoir hands, and to leave tho fire, Tho fencers obeyed. The outlaws then came to tho fire, and, discovering no firearms, told tho men io return. Lord then invited the 'out laws to have dinner, tho invitation being accepted. In conversation, tho blacks said they would not 3hobfc any body other than thoso carrying fire arms, but would shoot anybody they believed to be in pursuit of- them. During tho progress of the dinner Lord heard horesman coming up the moun tain. Tho muidorers did not hear their approach until they wero within about 40 yards. Jimmy ^Governor, on hearing them, sprang up, crying, 'Holy Ghost!' seized his rifle, and sprang behind a tree, followed by Joe. The blacks then fired upon tho advanc ing whites, five in number, including J. Heyman, W. Deviue, J. Scbofield aud A. Robin, all civilians. These men wero not aware of the presence of blacks until hearing shots fired, when they all jumped from their horses, and prepared to return tho fire, all being armed with rifles. However as soon as the outlaws had delivered their first volley from behind a large tree, they bounded off down tho hill in the, opposite direetion, leaving all their provisions, quart pots, coats, blankets, and everything they possessed, except ing the rifles and ammunition. As they disappeared past the fencers, they called, out to them, 'You can have all we are leaving behind; goodbye.' They then bounded down * the side of the hill,. the foncersr say, Hiko.' wallabies, stridiug l5ftrtd ' 18ft per stride In the mcantimo tho surprised civilians wero waiting for tho outlaws to show out, and were not aware of their flight till tho fencers 'in formed them. They then fired several shots, but could gut no reply from the other pursuers, none or whom were witmn two miles, xney then went back down hill, and fired 6overal other shots, aud within half an hour tho Queensland trackers came up, and were taken to the fencers' camp. They took up tho tracks, which follow ed down a spar about a mile, and then doubled back within 200 yards of the fencers' camp 011 another spnr, where the Governors had evidently watched the police and trackers go down the hill, aud then mado off in another direction. On Wednesday morning tho pursuers camo on the camp of tho fugitives, where they had shot a sheop, part of which they had cooked and eaten. On Wednesday night the outlaws ba-? drawn closer to Nuudle, and at 10 p. in. camo to Mr. Flood's, at- Wombramurra Woolshed, where they were firod at by Flood, but without effect. The outlaws then de decamped. This morning the tracks were taken up and followed, stili to wards Nundle aud Wombramurra Woolshed, five miles from Nuudle. Two children are said to have seen tho blacks, who passed closo to tbcm this morning, near Dyson's, only four miles from Nundlo. The .... .1 i ill 1. 1 _ 1 ? children say they nearu tno oiacus eay thoy would wait till all'th'e police loft tho locality aud thon rob Dyson's. This statomout is .discredited, though it may bo possible. Thoro is great cx citoment hero, and la.rge: bodies of civi l;ans aro going out. There tiro said to to bo several hundreds now surround ing the blacks from all quarters, and it 6cems almost impossible that the out laws should oscapc, but pastoxporionce shows that they aro capable of gotttng out of very hot corners. ^' ' ?,,-? '?. ; Liatcr. — Tho Governors havo had no' food sinco Wednesday, when they left all their provisions at tho fencers' camp and, theroforoj must call at houses, which aro now being guarded gener ally. Their ar--cst to-day or to-morrow is, therefore, very probable. Later (9.30 p. m.)— '.'Sub-Inspector Sanndors wires from Nundlo: 'Other po'ico informed of Governors' escape,' nnd adds, '1 consider enpturo highly probable very soon.' The Queensland crs wero only twenty minutes behind offondors when thoy fired at Hyman's party. Other polico also informed.' 