AUSTRALIAN AND IMPERIAL TOPICS. LONDON, Aug. 24. It is ciSlnuU to get the British public to take much interest in political affairs of any sort just now, but the news from China has at least afforded us a certain quiatsatisfaction. confirms the safety of the Legations, and makes it plain that by capturing the Forbidden City the Aluna have already taught the Chinese a severe lesson. We have yet to learn full particulars as to the siege of the Legations, but the admitted safety of the diplomatic staffs will bring unalloyed satisfaction to at least one distinguished China- man. This is 8in Chi'Chen Lofongluh, the Chinese Ambassador in London. The sacred undoubtedly. Throughout-in the very worst times when it was not easy for him to show his face at all in diplomatic society, he maintained his assertion of the safety of the Legations. There was a time when the Dean and Chapter of St. Paul's decided to hold a memorial service for the supposed martyrs of the Chinese " revolt." Lord Salisbury's constitutional caution led him to disapprove of the suggestion. He consulted the Chinese Minister of the situation though, probably, not in a tone of unalloyed friendliness. " My Lord," the Minister is said to have replied in a tone of profound cou viol on, it would have been better if they had arranged a thanksgiving service." Probably the Chinese Minister's confidence in the matter was due to the best of all possible reasons that he only prophesied what he know. The manner in which the Chinese officials have managed to keep themselves au. courant with all that was going on at Peking, while at the same time keeping all Europe in the dark is a lesson in tviliness which no Western diplomat will ever fully loam. One noticeable result of the recent news from China has been to increase wonderfully the popularity of the Japanese with the average Londoner. The dapper little Jap has long been with us, and we are, at least, as familiar with his appearance in the stalls of the theatres, at social, scientific, and artistic gatherings, at " call " suppers, in the crowd at the open air exhibitions, and at all other gatherings of a general character, as we are with that of the gentle if loquacious TJiudoo. But, as a rule, no one pays the smallest attention when he enters an omnibus or an under- ground railway carriages, or secures a table at the Cafe Royal. But he it just now quite a subject of tender regard, and even of a sort of hero worship. It is generally recognised here, and some of the newspapers have been saying so, that but for the pluck and promptitude with which the Japanese advanced the Legations would have been to a very bad way. There is a strong feeling that the Western Powers were in a fair way of muddling the whole business, and that it was only the excellent work done by the Islanders which saved the situation. One result of the feeling to which I have referred is that last night a group of young Japanese found themselves on entering a well-known music-hall the recipients of a round of applause from the pit and gallery. They looked about mightily puzzled at the time, but, gradually taking in the situation, sat down, so I am told, with a look of unalloyed satisfaction on their faces. The death of Sir Malcolm Fraser has caused general regret bore in colonial circles. It came as a total surprise to many of his intimates. Probably he fell a victim to the extreme heat of the last few weeks, which, in the same way, has carried off a great number of people whose names were unknown outside their own domestic circle. There is a theory that sudden deaths among public men are increasing but I doubt it.- The simple fact is that with the wider and more intimate personal knowledge which modern conditions have brought about, incidents of this kind, which would at one, time only have attracted the attention of a very narrow and limited circle, are now held to be everybody's concern. A good deal of interest continues to be manifested in political quarters in regard to Lord Hopetoun's farewell banquet. This is not wholly from an Australian point of view, although, as I have before pointed out, it is fully recognised here that as a purely colonial function it will be of the greatest possible interest. It is still believed hero, though events will show whether the expectation is justified, that at the time when Mr. Cliiimrierl-i¡u will preside at this Banquet we shall be in the throes of a general election. The gather- ing will give the Colonial Secretary an opportunity if he sees fit for a brilliant and striking discourse on Imperial affairs at large. There seems to be no doubt that the Government intend to count the passing of the Commonwealth Bill to themselves for righteousness and I have just seen a speech delivered by a Unionist candidate to a lord! gathering, at which, by implication, he deliberately clair on the establishment of the Commonwealth as a triumph of the statesman- ship of her Majesty's present advisers. That is, perhaps, near enough to face for an electioneer- ing manifesto, but it is plain that the passing of the bill has given the Unionist candidates a good card to play, at least, to the uncritical water. It is not at all probable that Mr. Chamberlain will go as far as this, but it would be quite in accordance with precedent, as far as party speeches are concerned, if at the Hopetoun banquet he takes the opportunity to deliver a speech which will have Imperial significance and even historical interest. London is now at its very " empties," and excepting, as I have said, the progress of events in China, there is hardly a subject which seems seriously to interest anyone apart from his or her private concerns. The millions who are still in town are in sympathy with the hundreds of thousands who are away in regarding the prevent period of the year as one at which no man has a right to bore his neighbour with anything much more serious than practical hints for a holiday jaunt, of speculations as to the prospects of autumn sports. Certain of the popular newspapers have been creating a (sensation with a " first " which. at least. has the merit of poses King more novelty than the time-honoured sea serpent yarn, or the record of the big gooseberry. There is a certain dilapidated house at Earl's Court almost under the shadow of the Exhibition Buildings. It is an uncanny house with broken windows, and a garden overrun with weeds a house in regard to which, if it were only in a less populous and prosaic neighbourhood, imagina- tion might suggest that something said, " as plain as whisper in the oar," that the place was haunted. There have been various venues current as to what has been seen there, but I have my own special version, derived from a resident in the locality. At a certain hour of the night a face is to be dimly seen at one of the upper windows which, if you look; at it long enough, gradually takes on the appearance, so to put it of an animated death's head. It seems to float lightly out of the window due back again, with " something gauzy " attached. My informant is a respectable hairdresser, who has told me many strange things under conditions in which I was not in a position to argue with him. But his version does not greatly differ from the others which are current, except perhaps as regards the floating in and out. He has never seen the ghost himself, however, nor has anybody else whom I could ever discover, though most people have known somebody else who thought he saw it when he was going home at the done, of a festive evening. If anyone regards this as a mere joke, let him ask the police on the beat, or the residents in the neighbourhood. It is a positive fact that in the long hot nights which we have had of late, when it has been a - - -vw, away... by uns needs' a misery to go to bed without the hope of sleeping, numbers of people have been attracted from all parts of London to loiter about in the vicinity of the house until the small hours of the morning on the look out for the prodigy, and a sum of money has even been raised by an enterprising caretaker towards the war relief funds by a small charge for the privilege of looking into the mubo in the daytime, when the ghost was not about. I have dwelt on this incident merely to demonstrate that we still have in London a genuine " silly season." And possibly there was a good many serious men who have to " grind away " at respoDsiole work for eleven-twelfths of the year, who are even in their heart of hearts a little bit glad of it. I have made some inquiry as to the way in which people are spending their holidays this year. I fancy there must be the usual number of Americans and colonials at our pleasure resorts. Of the former I feel pretty sure indeed that there is more than the usual immigration. I have been spending a few days in some of the less frequented parts of Com borland and Westmoreland, but I have never yet been able to get entirely away from the truck of our transatlantic cousins. I notice this, too, about our colonial visitors, that they no longer confine themselves to the mere regulation show places of our islands, and are not merely to be encountered at the table d'hote of the large hotels, where pleasure-seekers assemble who are daily deposited in regular batches by coach or railway generally just in time for dinner. They are to be met with in remote little fishing inns, which used to be sacred to the English-bred angler at quiet little coast watering-places which the globe-trotter, pure and simple, would never have time to discover and in the domesticity of country houses, which do not lay themselves out to got hold of this or that distinguished visitor, whose name happens to figure in the newspapers, All this marks a growing familiarity with the more intimate features of the old country, and an expanding social intercourse, quite as significant in its way-though less sensational-as recent political developments. As regal di English people themselves, there is little doubt that they are spending a good deal less money abroad during the present holidays than has been the case for some years past, in spite of the al tractions of the Paris Exhibition. In some cases there has been, no doubt, a great deal of exaggeration in the reports as to the in- sults offered to the English- speaking visitors abroad. easy-going? friends of my own, who have been through France, Belgium, and Hol- land-the three countries most implicated assure me that they have never been better treated in their lives ; but they are mostly men who are familiar with Continental languages, and with the habits and manners of Continental cities, and who are not too obtrusively English in their manner when abroad, On the other hand, from people quite as much to be trusted in ordinary life, but perhaps a little less familiar with the ropes of Continental travelling, I have heard the gravest possible complaints-if not of absolute insult at all events of implied rudeness. Taking Paris, for example, those people seem to have fared worst who, deserting the regular round of the big cosmopolitan restaurants, have preferred to seek refreshment and amusement in places mainly frequented by the class of Parisians who may be expected to be influenced by the cheaper Boulevard newspapers. Probably these are the people who write to the newspapers complaining that they have met with refusals to serve them at different restaurants. I am told that, curiously enough, the Americans, to whom Paris owes so much, have been on the whole the chief sufferers in matters of this kind. " I am not an English- man," said an American a day or two ago to the manager of a cafe chantant, who had suggested that his presence might be distasteful to the remainder of the company, especially in view of the fact that certain songs which were to be sung had been hissed the previous night by gentlemen of unmistakable British appearance, " I am a citizen of the United States." "It is all the same," was the doleful, rather than impolite re- joinder. Perhaps if he had said he had been an Australian or a Canadian-Canadian particularly, in view of sundry recent incidents the reply would have been " so much the worse." . 