ENGLISH LITERARY & NOTES. (From our Special Correspondent.) London, November 3, 1899. Cremation and positivism together form a fearful blend, as those know who at- tended the obsequies of poor Grant Allen on Friday last. The rain poured in tor- rents during the railway journey to Wo- king, and this and other circumstances re- duced even formal mourners to abject misery At the cemetery we all crowded into the crematorium chapel. The only music audible was (or one fancied it was the stoking of the fierce furnace adjoin- ing. There was no religious service, no chanting of hymns, no invocations of any creed, no appeal to any doctrine. Duly a eulogy by Mr. Harrison, and then com- mittal to the flames. Grant Allen's life, said Mr. Harrison, was a continuous pro- test against the creeds and conventions of the world around him, and it would be to dishonor his sincerity and courage if, in any weak compliance with prevalent, habits, they were to impose any inven- tions on his lifeless body; it would be to do him wrong to impose on him any of the hopes and invocations, not only of the churches, but of any form of religious community whatever. Those present were plain laymen, taking a final leave of a lay thinker, whom they had known in life, and not pretending to do more than sol- diers did when, on the battlefield, they laid a dead comrade in the ground, where he had fought and bled. After a far too lengthy outline of Grant Allen's literary work, Mr. Harrison, who confessed to knowing nothing whatever of his fiction, abruptly closed. A life, he said, of inde- fatigable toil was now ended, ended all too early, although after an achievement that might fill many lives, and they who knew him in life now took a reverent fare- well of a brave man, a generous heart, and a fearless seeker after truth. The coffin, loaded with the loveliest wreaths, was then wheeled away on a truck, and we were left reflecting that the one possible consolatory thought of the occasion lay in the lines, which Richard Le Gallienne at- tached to the flowers he and his wife brought:— "Perchance a little light will come with morning, Perchance I shall but sleep." Le Gallienne, in an unwontedly felici- tous moment, once characterised Grant Allen as "a Christian in spite of himself." He couldn't have better summed up the man. Allen lived the simplest, straightest, and most inoffensive of lives, and preached the most outrageous of doc- trines. His views on marriage, &c;, pro- mulgated with entire sincerity, were mon- strous, yet, he was an adoring husband and father, and a kinder, more considerate friend few knew. Andrew Lang says:— "Mr. Allen was the most modest, urbane, and kindly of companions; in conduct, a sad, good Chris- tian, despite : his definite lack of theological opinions. His works on the evoluton of religion I withstood; perhaps one should never enter into polemics with a friend, but I conceived that his system was not well-bottomed on facts. Now, the veritable facts are the thing. However. I could not draw Mr Allen into contro- versy. His nature was much too kind and humane for even this paper warfare. I think he shrank from the remote possi- bility of a coldness based on such a trifle as differences of opinion about the gods of the heathen. As an instance of his kind temper, I remember that he showed me proof sheets of a novel in which I ap- peared as the villain. The personal por- trait (apart/from my series of heartless crimes) was flattering, but recognisable, and, at my I request (for it could only cause gossipl), the villain was altered out of all possibility of recognition. 'The body is yours,' he said, "but the soul is the black soul of - - -.' The soul appearedto me to be that of the common miscreant of romance. However. Mr. Allen took very considerable trouble to make the body unrecognisable. His whole career, as I far as I witnessed it, was kind, gentle, beneficent, and, above al,. cour- ageous." The story of how Grant Allen gravitated from a not too successful writer of science papers into a popular novelist, has been told by me quite recently. Andrew Lang, gives, however, a somewhat different ver- sion to mine. He says:—"Wishing to show the difficulties which beset a ghost in the endeavor to prove that he is a ghost. Mr. Allen wrote a parable in prose for Belgravia (?) and was invited by Mr. Chattir to go on. A ghost being only a hallucenation, of course he cannot be tested) by other than physical standards, and in arguing that physical standards do not apply. Mr. Allen was forcing an open door, and, unconsciously, following Kant. He never liked fiction unlike Mr. Darwin, he did not even read it, if he could help it, but willy nilly; he succeeded as a. novelist. This is one of the most extra- ordinary things in his career. He began writing fiction as 'J. Arbuthnot Wilson," but I spotted him at once, and to his ad- dress I wrote a letter to J. Arbuthnot Wiltson, Esq. Mr. Payn had not then dis- covered the identity of his two contribu- tors. The truth was that Mr. Allen could write anything, and wrote all things well. But science would steal into his novels, and short stories. Of these, one of the first, "John Greedy," was, as he himself thought one of the best. That a man should excel in an art which he disliked and rather despised, was matter for amazement. Grant Allen's first essays at fiction were far his best. "Strange Stories" and "The Beckoning Hand" contain, indeed, some of the best short tales in the Eng- lish language, and "For Maimie's Sake" (an exceedingly powerful novel). "In All Shades," and "Dumaresq's Daughter" were all of their sort excellent. Latterly Mr. Allen turned frankly "not boiler," and the less said, perhaps, of his contri- butions to the "Strand" and "Pearsons" the better. As a poet he had his big mo- ments. Probably the following wail of the weary agnostic (which I sent you when it appeared in the "Pall Mall" some years back) touched his high-water mark:— A crownedvcapice is god of this world: On his stony breast are his white wines furled. No ear to listen, no eye to see, No heart to feel for a man hath he. But his pitiless arm is swift to smite, And his mute lips utter one word of might: Mid the clash of gentler souls and rougher, "Wrong must thou do, or wrong must suffer." Then giant, oh, dumb blind god, at least that we Rather the sufferers than the doers be. Florence Marryat (Mrs. Lean) lived, I should imagine, quite nine lives in her 62 years. She was an abundant person phy- sically and temperamentally, always over- flowing with intense enthusiasms and blessed with a new craze for six months out of every twelve. Miss Marryat was the youngest of eleven children of the author of "Midshipman Easy." She pos- sessed some interesting relics of her father, inclining the only portrait really done from life. It was painted by Behnes, the sculptor, when Marryat was made post captain at the age of 24. In her drawing room the lamp usually stood upon a small tea-table made out of a piece of her father's old ship, the Ariadne. She also possessed the medal Of the Legion of Honor which the Emperor Napoleon, who died in Captain Marryat's arms when he was one of the guard of honor at St. Helena, gave to him just before he breath-, ed his last. Miss Marryat was married to Captain Ross Church, of the Madras Staff Corps, at the early age of 16, and wrote her first novel "Love's Conflict" whilst nursing her children through scarlet fever. Whe- ther this suited the infants deponent knoweth not, but the novel, backed by the Marryat name, attracted favorable notice. It was followed by some 69 others. Miss Marryat turning stories out for a long time at the rate of tw6 per annum. She had a vivid but rather sickly imagination, and wrote fluently ultra-sentimental fiction of the "Family Herald" order. I seem to remember "Petronel," The Prey of the Gods," "Fighting the Air," and "Peeress and Player" as books of hers which were more talked about than others, and her spiritualistic works of course attained a temporary vogue. Besides being a novelist Miss Marryat was an actress of consider- able ability, and at one time also lectured. She conld indeed do most things except run in double harness. Both her marriages ended in dreadful disaster. Perhaps the most amusing craze of Mrs. Lean's later days was the spiritualistic. She took it very seriously, and used to discourse publicly on the wonders of the unseen world. On one occasion, she in- formed her audience that an Elizabethan monk, with whom she bad frequent con- versations, told her the exact whereabouts of a dog which she had lost. His directions on in- vestigation turned out to be perfectly ac- curate, and the dog was found at the but- cher's, as he had indicated. The same spirit, a constant frequenter of Miss Mar- ryatt's table, was fond of listening to sing- ing, but objected by very rapid k??? the table to a vulgar song. called Cham- pagne Charley." He demanded ??? serious, and was not satisfied e??? Ye banks and braes o' bonnie??? Miss Marryat had no sense ??? worth mentioning) or si??? never have told her fam??? of the "levitated lady," ??? often heard her do at the h??? Abrcorn-place without a smile. ??? a highly successful seance was in??? there one evening when the "dea??? (who are often culpably volatile ??? a stout old lady belong to the party into an arm chair in the next room. Pre- sently violent expostulations were heard, and the dame called out that she being wafted heavenwards, i.e. "levintiated by same frisky spirits. "Whatever you do" she anxiously shouted, "hold hands and keep the chain intact. If I fall I shall break everything." The anxiety of the party to see a very stout old lady levitat- ing" was intense, but (as Mi:ss Marryat used to piously remark when telling the story), "thank God we remembered our Mrs. Jones's 17-st. weight and kept quiet " She eventually subsided into a chair with such violence that she broke its four legs. Mrs. Lean was very fond of this anecdote, which she seemed to consider conclusive. The latest additions to Bell's Colonial Library include Mr. Cutliffe Hyne's "Fur- ther Adventures of Captain Kettle," Mrs. Alexander's "The Stepmother," and Mrs. Le Pasture's "Adam Brigson." The first and last of these are doing well atthe libraries; indeed, Mrs. Le Pasture's work is rumored to be something quite excep- tional. I have not read it yet. Probably the most popular new novel of the moment next to ''Stalky & Co." is however, "Miranda of the Balcony," a bustling tale of adventure in Spain, Gib- raltar, and Morocco, which reminds one forcibly of Merrman s "In Kedar's Tents." Mr. Mason has here struck out a totally new line, and done it well. Miranda is (the heroine's husband) is carried off into the wilds of North Africa at the instig tion of an implacable Arab. She doesn't care a button for "hubby," but, being a lady of inflexible ethics, packs off the man she really does love to his rese?. This the knight errant achieves, but the wicked husband behaves with sad ingratitude to his preserver. How and why you must find out for yourselves. A curious fate has befallen Rider Hag- gard's first book. "Cetewayo and ? White Neighbors," published as long ago as 1882 by Trubner & Co. Mr. Shep- stone's young attache had just then re- turned from South Africa, brimming with facts as to the Boer war of 1881, and quite clear what our policy ought to be. Save, however, by a few discriminating re- viewers his book feel flat. Now the world has waked up to its value. Un- der the title of "The Last Boer Warr"' it has been revised, and brought out at a shilling, the author adding an interesting introductory chapter. To all who wish to fill up South African history from a strictly anti-Gladstonian point of view. The Last Boer War" may be commend- ed. It is interesting even to some of us who can't altogether jump to Mr. Hag- gard's conclusions. The Australian heroine of Mrs.. Croker's "Terence" is the nicest girl the good lady has drawn since "Proper Pride" and Mr. Gladstone brought her into notice seventeen years ago. That incident oc- curred, you may remember, during one of the Home Rule debates of 1883. The Irish party were thundering, as usual, at the Premier, but he had absently picked up and opened a novel belonging to some more frivolous M.P., and was soon oblivious to all outward consideralions. That book was "Proper Pride " "Ter- ence" is the story of the last descendant of an old Irish family masquerading as a stage-coachman and horse-beaker. . He is found out by Maureen D'Arcy (the Aus- tralian), and together they save the repu- tation of the latter's silly mar- ried sister. who has carried a foolish flirtation too far and half run away from her husband. This adventure unfortunately at first compro- mises Maureen, not her sister and she is too loyal to tel. All, howeve, of course comes right in the end. ' The plot of "Terence" is not much, but it is so bright- ly and pleasantly written no one who once takes it up will readily lay it down. "The Transvaal from Within,' by J. Percy Fitzpatrick, published by Heine- mann, is unquestionably the book of the hour, and should be read by all those who wish to feel that the present is a just war, and not a tyrannical on, purposely worked up in order that the rich goldfields of the Transvaal might belong to the Empire. In this book, for the first time, all the evi- dence necessary to make even the most conscientious man feel that the cause of the "Urtlander" is a cause which all lovers of freedom and justice will fight for, as they have done before so many times in the records of our great colonial Empire, is given. Mr. Fitzpatrick especially makes it abun- dantly dear that the main cause of the evil lay in the corruptt Hollander oligarchy, which, with Paul Kruger at its head, and a rich Treasury to draw from, "bossed" the country, just as surely as Boss Croker governs a million or so of New Yorkers. Tlie Boer farmer is the sufferer and hav- ing been carefully goaded on, as Mr. Fitz- patrick clearly shows, he is now ready to fight with the bitterness of ri despair for his hearth and home, whereas in reality he is fighting against those whose only desire is to give him the sp!endid self-respecting and absolutely independent government, which our whole colonial Empire enjoys at the present day. The story of the Jame- son raid, and the exciting episodes in Johannesburg life, previous to and after it, are for the first, time faithfully and drama- tically described, as those who lived on the spot at the time bear witness to, after reading the book. Itis full of excellent stories, and is written withall in such a bright, chatty style, that it rain never be considered dull or heavy reading. I would especially recommend a careful reading of chapters II. to V. 