? ' There aie yofo»H>ly as good fUh In tha sea a« ever men lied about " Tour wife ls always' ao oat-apokep.*! " Xea, outspoken, but never out-talked. Warning wtaps were the Invention the' znan who wakes 113 hotel gueets fog the eaily traln. "Ton told me you aad Harry loved at sight." " Yes, trot we. quarrelled on acquaintance." . At a leptfti tneeting in Ireland it was reoenUiryot»d, , 'that all persons in ths towte owning dogs shall be muzzled." . " Does position affect Bleep V' asked a medical writer, it does when the man holds the position of night watchman. Do tou know much aAout that hone you bought Crom the Deacon T" "I know more about the Deacon than I did." ie one has written a poem-^ra 'The of Liberty." ISie tongue ot lit^rty generally belongs to a married woman. : . "Tou say that horse isn't afraid of anything; Can my wife drive hJro 7" "I don't know. sir. I have never seen your wife." Visitor: "But this portrait of Mir. Bulger la a good deal more than life size." Artist: "I know It. That la the size he thinks he Is." — " Didn't I lend you £6 a month or so ago ?! "Tes, I believe you did.. I'm ever ao much obliged for your kindness. I feel I can never repay you." Xiady Friend- (to young widow): " You're gardening, I see, Ducy." Young Widow (with a wmry smile): "Yes. I wi£i I could, so to say, transplant my •weeds I" •Watte: ""There seems to be some truth In the saying that heaven helps those who help themselves." Potts: "Of course there Is. They are the only kind worth helping." ' First Beggar: "Hello! Pickin' up anything on your rounds these days?" fieoond Beggar: "Ain't nothin' doin' at all. I had to draw; five pounds out of the bank to-day ter pull me t'rough." -Patient! "TOiat sign of yours Is not very encouraging." Dentist: " Why mo T I guarantee to extract teeth without pain." Patient: " Yes ; tout I want the pain extracted. I'd rather keep the tooth." " Whyfor eea It zat a voman's face eex used -on zee silver dollar In zls country T" Inquired a visiting foreigner. " Because," growled the Impecunious native, " It Is the Idiom of our language that money talks." •Aunt (to Tommy, who has been to the menagerie) : " Well, Tommy, did you see ths tiger 7" Tommy (whimpering): ." Tes, b-b-ibu " Aunt: " But what— what are you crylng about ?" Tommy: " They wouldn't let me stroke his ears." Bliss Northslde-tto her brother) : "Do you know, 'Fred, that no fewer than four, men want to marry me ?" Fred: "All right, sis, may the best man win 1" Miss Northslde : " You don't know much about such things. A Jbrlde does not marry the best man." Canrobert was inspecting the new gaiters worn by the light infantry. Seeing cne that was badly fastened, he took the .wearer to task. "Look here, I'll send you my nurse to button it on for you." "Quite unnecessary, General; I see her every day." And Canrobert burst out laughing. " Mabel, why don't your mamma weal diamond earrings like my mamma's?" " She left 'em home, and papa's hid 'em where the robbers can't get 'em." '.'Where has he hid "em?" " (Why, I heard him .tell, mamma that he had put them up the spout and he*guessed they would stay there." Winks: "What makes you look so glum?" Jinks: "I have six daughters, none of them married, or likely to be." Winks: "And you glum over it? You are the most ungrateful mortal that ever 'breathed. I have six daughters, all married, all have children, and I've got to support the whole crowd." A.: " Did It ever recur to you what a charming conversationalist P Is ?" B.: "Well, 1 don't know; not partlicu3arly. Why ?" A.: " Oh, he Is, decidedly. He hasn't the ghost of a memory,' you know, and you can tell your stories to him over and over again, and he enjoys them every time as much as at the first telling." A youngster one day eluded punishment by creeping under a table, where his mother could not reach him. Shortly after, his father came in, a^id, when .told ot the state of affairs, crawled on his hands and knees In search of his son and heir, when, to his astonishment he was greeted with this inquiry:— "Hullo, father! Is she after you. too?" gentlemah was - of .a Tfttjfc inme of poker, down in. somewhere. In which le had taken part "The man oq my right," he sald, "held four idngs and an'ace. The' man ton tmy left held four aces and a king." " And what did you hold ?" some one asked. " Well, I was acting coroner at the time. I guess I held the Inquest" 