OUR SHORT STORY A MAN ALL OVER. CHAPTER I. "Once and forever, man loves —himself, Better than wife, or child, or pelf/’ "Don’t deceive yourself, Christina, I am not the kind of man to fall in love with anyone." "I know it," she said, "I don’t need you to tell me that.” “Then why will you persist in being a fool, Christina?” A ghost of a smile flickered about- her lips. “A fool must follow bis natural bent,” she answered, “besides,” wistfully, “you must like me a little or else why do you spend so much time with mePWhy are you interested in my interests? Why do you read the books I read and lore the things I lore? If lam nothing at all to you, why? I cannot understand you.” “My dear girl, I cannot understand my self. I hare giren up trying long ago.” Christina Carew was seated in a low wicker chair by the fireside. John Fresson was standing on the hearth-rug. He took his pipe from between his lips and looked at her thoughtfully. The firelight played upon her soft brown hair, touching it with a glimmer of gold. Her small, shapely head was set well upon her shoulders, but the listlessness of her attitude, and the droop of her lips, expressed weariness and dejection. " Yes,” he mused as he studied her, “ you are not very young, you are not pretty, you are not specially clever—but—i you are Christina—that is the only reason I can give you.” She made no answer, and he went on,! still musingly. “ Sometimes I think if we were married, and could go away together, you and I, awaj- from everyone, and lire in a cottage in the country ” “ Well ” “ We might be very happy.” For an instant Christina's face glowed, then it clouded again. “ For how long?” she asked. “ Would you be satisfied with me for a month?” He smiled, but there was a touch o; regret in his smile and in his voice as he replied “ That is just it, Christina. You are not the sort of woman to hold me.” She raised her clear, earnest eyes to his. " You are candid,” she said. “ Brutally so.” he answered. Her eyes fell, and her head drooped again. “ Perhaps it is the truest kindness,” she replied, softly. He laid his hand caressingly on her hair, but his words belied the action. “ The truest kindness, Christina, irould hare been to go away directly I saw what was. coming.” “Why bare you not done so?” “ Because I care for you too much to be able to leave you.” “And yet you say that you don’t.” “ No—l say that you are only one of many, Christina, not the one woman in the world.” She caught the hand that was touching her hair and held it against her face. “ I don’t care,” she cried, h=*r cheek flushing, her breast hearing, “I would rather be one of many to you than all the world to anybody else.” Her warmth repelled him. He drew his fingers from hers and folded his arms. “ Since you cannot be sensible, there is no other course open to me but to go away. What good can come of this?” Her agitation had passed. She raised her face to his, speaking in a calm, per suasive tone. “ Listen,” she said. “I am twenty-three years old. All my life has been spent with my mother in this house. Ever since I can remember there lias been a succession of boarders, mostly men—young, old, English, foreign, city men, students—l hare had no time for outside interests, my duties in the house hare taken all my energy. But till you came not one of these many men has stirred the faintest feeling of interest within me.” “ And when I came ”he questioned. Her lips quivered. “Ah,” she cried, ‘"you know what then.” . He touched her cheek lightly with his finger, then folded his arms again as though to restrain himself. “ It would hare been far better if I bad never come.” he remarked grimly. The dock on the mantle chimed the hour. Christina rose from her seat and stood beside him. “ No,” she protested, “whatever happens it is better as it is. All the rest of my life before 3-011 came was mere existence. After 3-0 U go away it will be the same again; but during the interval I hare lived, and the hours spent with you would compensate for a lifetime of misery.” . John Fresson turned to the mantle piece. took up his tobacco-pouch, and be gan to fill his pipe. ‘ Christina,” he observed, “we have got on- awfull3- well together, and in most ways 3'ou suit me down to the ground. But when you are so fearfully sentimental —it spoils it all.” CHAPTER 11. It was in the early spring that John Fresson obtained a situation' in Liverpool with a large increase of salary. With liis departure life became once more simply existence for Christina Carew. Apart from that one great trouble that spring was the hardest Christina had ever known. • Something went wrong with the drains, and the workmen were in the house for weeks; the cook was seized with a drinking fit, and the housemaid fell down and broke her arm. Influenza raged among the boarders. There was a general sense of dissatisfaction and discomfort. But since John Fresson left nothing mattered much to Christina. A man- who has been struck with a pole-axe does not feel pin pricks. So through the long summer until the autumn, when Mrs Carew was taken ill, and after a season of weariness and suffer ing passed away to that bourne whence no traveller returns, and Christina was left alone. She was still 3-011 ng for so responsible a position as head of that household, but she liad nowhere else to go, nothing else to do. So, after the grave had closed over the gentle lady who for so many years had held sway 'there, things went on just as usual, save that there was another mis tress, and the weary weeks lengthened into months and the months into years, ■"'bile Christina listened for the footsteps that .never crossed her threshold, and watched for a letter that never came. Then, after five long shears, John Fresson stood before her. She did not know it was he till they were face to face. “John,” she cried, as she held out her hands in greeting, and her eyes said the words that her lips could not utter. He took both her hands in on® of his, and with his other turned her face towards his own to read his welcome. “So you care for.me still, Christina,” he said, at length. “As much as ever, John,” she whis pered. His hand was smoothing her hair in the same way as of old. Her heart was too full for speech. “ Then you will take me in, Christina?” “Oh. how gladly,” she replied. “ Not my old room—l want a room for two,” he said. She looked at him questioningly. Then, bit by bit,, he told her all. He told of his life in the office at Liverpool, of his subsequent marriage with his em ployer’s daughter, and of his return, to London to manage the London branch of the busines. Christina interrupted at this point. “ How long ago was that,” she asked, in a strained voice. “ Two years, or rather more.” * Two years,” she repeated. “Two years, and 3-ou have not cared to 6ee me once. Wliv have you come now?” His face flushed. 'Let me finish. Christina. After we had been in London a year my wife’s father died, and on his death he. was discovered to be insolvent, he had been living beyond his income for many years ’.’ r < :i ," -p “Yes,” interrupted Christina, again, in a hard, passionless voice,’but- that: is.ho answer to my question,” “ Christina,” he'answered-,'-holding her hands as she strove to .release them. “I have come to you. because I amiim trouble. business has gone to nothing, mv wife’s health has ?■; H understand,”- 'said -Chrisfina,- icily-, you have come tp- meyhoping I shall take you cheaper than anyone else, and perhaps nurse, your wife' into the Tbat gam.” • .-.•• ) Her face was white th-thedips, ler.haads were cold, The pent up misersvof years had come to a climaxjat Tait.'i • ■ ■■o -l He loosed her hands,- aind turned towards the.door. ‘ “Perhaps 1 -there, is ebme .’jueticbiin you say,”., h e ’i-? 4 1- ain\ A-Vmeqn h °uijd., Christina,' ”-MyrpiHy.excuse isltKat I did it for the comfort of my wife, who. is dying.” _. .rA ■.S .A ’■"Yeur. wifetle' turned, " and I would to heaven that you were not.” Then, without a word;, he -left her. •, i She stood as one in a dream, listening to his footsteps on 'the stair, in the hall, till, as he opened the front door, she awoke. Pressing her hand to her heart to stay its tumultuous beating, she sped down the stairs. “John,” she panted, “stay—oh, stay. ' He paused in the doorway. “I can deny you nothing,” she cried, brokenly, “ not even this.” CHAPTER 111. It was curious that John Eresson should have omitted to mention that he had a little son, but- so it was, and before the end of the week Christina found herself in charge not only of an incurable invalid, but also of a fretful child of eighteen months. In after wears she looked back on what she passed through at that time, she wondered how one woman’s hands and one woman’s brains ever accomplished so much; it was her woman’s heart only that carried her through. Tenderly as a sister she nursed John Fresson’s wife through the last stages of consumption till the end came six months later. Then the widower settled himself down as if intending to remain for life in Chistina’s house, with Christina to care for his motherless child. Perhaps this period of her life was as happy as any. John returned to his old devotion, and, in addition, she had the child, whom she worshipped for the father’s sake. So matters drifted on for eighteen months; then a change took place. One evening, shortly after Christmas, Christina came into the dining-room where John Fresson was sitting alone reading. He laid aside his paper as she entered aiid drew her down on the arms of the chair in which he was seated. “Christina, you believe in the Scrip tures?” was his unexpected remark. “ Certainly,” she answered. “Then, tell me," he went on, his eyes watching her face, “do you agree with the text that says, ‘ It is not good for man to be alone.’ ” “ That depends on circumstances,” she returned cautiously, “who is the man?” “The man in question is myself,” lie answered. She put up her hand and smoothed back the hair on her forehead, looking into his eyes as she spoke. “You are not alone, John; you have baby and me.” “ I may seem unreasonable, Christina, but I am not satisfied.” Her breath came quickly between her j parted lips, her hand 'trembled as it ! touched his hair. After a little pause he went on again. , “ Christina, I am afraid iit will be rather a blow to you, but I have decided to re turn to my native land. My mother, you know, was a German, and in that country I was brought up. lam going to sell what is left of my business here and buy one in Germany. Little woman, should you be sorry to lose me ” The color rushed to her cheeks, the tears to her eyes, her lips quivered. She would have cried out, “ Oh, take me with you. John,” but there are certain things that women cannot ask. “Do you remember,” he continued quietly, “I told you of the first girl.l ever loved—when I was quite a young chap? I sometimes thought she was the only one I ever cared for.’ Christina sat as if turned to stone, her heart frozen. “ She married another fellow, but has been a widow for some time. I wrote to her last week asking her to be my wife. Her answer came three days ago.” He paused again, but Christina could not have spoken to save her life. She would have broken down utterly. “ So, Christina, I shall have everything arranged as quickly as possible, and I sail for Germany in a week’s time.” Sire moved away from his side, and ■ would have risen, but his arm was round her waist, and she could not. “Have you nothing to say to me, Chris tina?” “I hope you will be happy, John.” ; Her voice sounded strange and far away. He put out his disengaged hand and took hold of hers; it trembled like a leaf in liis clasp. "Why are you trembling so, Christina? Turn your read round, I want to see your face. Christina, whether I am to be happy or not depends on yourself. She turned towards him now, her eyes opened wonderingly. “Elsa TVeber’s answer came three days ago. It was a refusal, and strange to say, Christina, I felt rather relieved, because —listen, Christina—l have been used to you so long I don’t think I should get on with any other woman but yon. Will you marry me, Christina?”- “Why did you not ask me before you asked the other one?” she enquired. “You have given rip so much for me al ready.” Perhaps it was rather late in the day for him to begin to consider that. Biit Christina loved him too truly to be ex acting. She laid her arm softly on his shoulder and touched his face caress ingly. “That is a matter of minor import ance,” she said, "so long as you do not ask me to give up—yourself.” 