lill! V CHArTER XYIII— Continued. ' Tllli 'exact torms' ! ho vo- peated irritably. 'How can I reraeinber what tho ' oxnot torms ' vrero which I used ? I told hei what you asked mo to fell her, of course — that you wero ongaged ' to your oousin, and that you had just .heard that sho was seriously ill, and wero hurrying home in consequence. If I were to talk till Doomsday '—with increasing irritation—' I could not tell you any moro than that, and, by George, Sydney, you seem to forgot that you aro tulking, not of Miss Ardon, but of my wife no broke off, with a visible effort at self-con troh I —I beg your pardon, old chap,' he saii, with a constrained laugh ; but it docs nlo a fellow to bo questioned and budgored on suoh a subjeot. . Of course I under stand '—hurriedly — ' that it is painful to you too. That I — I did not want to speak about it if it oould bo, helped. But, after all' — with a curious suppressed vehemence — ' why should you take it so much to heart, Sydney ? You were not froo when you left Singapore. You went homo, in fact, for the express purposo of marrying your poor oousin ; and I did not feel that I was wrong ing you in nny way when I asked Iiill again to bo ray wife.' 'No — certain I v not.' Wvatt answesed, in a low unsteady voice. 'Don't think, Ned, for n moment that I have any suoli feeling in my miud about it as that. I only want to be sure that— that Mi3s Ardon understood my position, that she knew how and why I had engaged myself to my oousin. If sho was awaro of all this when sho oonsoutod to become your wife, I havonothiug further to say.' There was silence for somo moments, uud then Holland said slowly — 'Woll, I have relieved your mind 011 that point. I have told you that she did understand your position ; and . now ' — he took out his haudkerchief and passed it across his lips—' for Heaven's sake let us stop talking about it I I tell you plainly' — drawing a deep breath — ' I can't stand much moro of this ! You can see that —that I am a greater fool about her than ever, Sydney, and how can I bear to bo reminded that van once cared for her too ?' Ned 1' ' I toll you there must bo an end tn it !'— wildly. No man is called upon to answer suoh ouestions about .the wnmun Tin haa rondo his .wifq ! . It— it' is too much to expect, of mo, old friends thought we arc l' In tho light of the windows bis face showed, as they passed, white and distorted with agita tion ; agaiu ho wiped away with his handkerchief the damp that bad broken out about his mouth and his temples. . Sydney's heart contracted with a throb of confused pain, of anger ; repulsion,- sharply-stinging com passion. Ho felt beyond all possibility of doubt now that his friend had played him false, that it was for him to protest,- to. up braid, ta resent the treachery of which ho had been the victim ; and yet he was dumb What could he have said ? It was too late. now for words The deed- was dono that had ruined three lives, and nothing could undo it. In an iustnnt Wyult had re solved on his courso of action. He would not bo false to his friend, though- his friend bad betrayed him. Ho did not know, be would i never seek to know, what it was Holland had told Lill ; for fill's ono ohanoo of happiness, or of contentment, at ienstj lay in tho disdain sho felt for him and he- could not clear iimself in her eyes without let ting her know that her husband had won her by a lio. That he would never do, and so— the young man's breast swelled with a bitter sigh — she must only. go on despising him to the end. Well,' Holland demanded with foverish impatience, as Syd ney did not answer, ' wliat are you thinking of now ? What more do. you want to know? Out with it, once for all, in Heaven's name, and then let us have done with it!' lNo— I have no move to ask you, Ned,' Wyatt-nnswcrcd quiet ly, 'and you need not be afraid that 1 shall over recur to this.' ' Ah,' Holland broko out, with a .sound of supremo rolipf, ' I thought you would not refuse to listen to reason, old ohap ! And, after all, what more is to bo said about it? You usked ino two years ago to oarry a message to a— a lady whom wo both admired, and I did so. I am uot responsible, you know ' — with another forced laugh — ' for the way in whioh she reocived your message ; and tho best proof you can have that you wero mistaken as to— to that lady's feelings is that sho is now my wife. Wo both had onr ohanco,vin fact, and I was the lucky ono. But — you don't bear malice for that ?' 'Ne, Nod,' Wyatt answered as quietly ns before — ' I don't bear malico.' Ho was miserably consoious of Holland's -bloodless faco and sido-long furtive looks at him as he spoke. 'That's right, old fellow 1'— and Holland patted him on tho shoulder with tho old affectionate movement, from which tho other shrank instinctively. 'All thut I want now is to scoyou and Lill belter friends. As long as you two aro at daggers dra-vn, how can you come to us at Hollands- court ns you must certainly do some day- — ' I am afraid that will be out of the question,' Wyatt interrup ted hurried ly. ' I shall bo leav- ing Lr.gland shortly. We arb uot likely to meet again for a considerable time.' ' Sydney I You arc leaving England?' Holland could not keep out of his voicoj out of his face, tho relief this announcement caused him. Sydney smiled to himsolf a littlo bitterly in the darkness. I — I am awfully sorry,' my dear old chap !' his friend stammered. ' I was hoping that— that wo should soo a good deal of you now that wodresettled. Must youvreally go ?' 'I am afraid so,' Wyatt ans wered quietly. 'But — but not just yet, sure ly ?' Holland remonstrated. .' You aro here for a month, Mrs. Abing don tolls mo, and of . courso ' ' Mrs. Abingdon will exouse mo when she understands that it is business that takes me away,' Sydney said, smiling again to himself. And I think a day or two more must bring my visit to Groyshot to an end.' A day or two ?' Holland re- peoted eagerly. ' That is awfully sudden, .my dear old ohap ! Doos — does my wife know ?' "'I have told no one- yet but VOU. TTed ! hilt' fm'nir tn onnolr lightly — ' I don't think Mrs. Holland will be ' any the more disposed, wben she hears of it, to forgiyo moof my littlo1 blunder of this evening.' 'Oh, but she will,' Holland declared eagerly—' I am- sure sho will ! Not that you mind her'nonsonso, of course' ! But, all tho same — now that you aro going away, she ' He broke off with a littlo laugh. Already the colour was coming back into his blanched fobo, and ho looked loss haggard. ' Come in and ask her to give you a dance, Sydnoy,' he urged gaily. 'They will all bo wondering what has become of us.'. Wyatt followed him in silonoe, and they went back through tho window into tho hum of voices and the glow of .many-coloured costumes of tho great white drawing-room, which was rapidly filling with tho dnnoers from the hall, tho. waltz being over. Mrs.Holland and young Brnox wero crossing tho room to go into tho garden as the two young men camo in. Lill, laughing and fan ning herself; and nil in a glow of lovely colour from, her dance, stopped short at sight of them her largo soft eyes wandering in a startled gazo from one troubled fnco to another. 'Ned,' sho demanded nbruptly, nftor n second or two of this scru tiny had pnsacd 'where have you been ? And what have you beon Joing? You look as if you had seen a ghost !' ' Oh, but tho Groyshott ghost only walks by daylight !' Eddy Dreux explained. CqlonolAbing- don is rather proud of this pecu liarity on tho part of tho "Grey Knight" of Jiis restless ancestor.' 'I have been talking to Sydney in the garden,' Hollnnd replied to his wife's question, liio ojreo fl.tcd raptly 011 her as usual while ho Bpoko. 4 He tells mo ho is going to leave England soon — in a few days, in fact' — hurriedly — 'and that — that we shall not see him for somo time to oomo.' ' I say, Wyatt— not really ? Dreux exclaimed. ' Suo will be- awfully disappointed !' Mrs. Holland did not answer. She was still looking with a eftri- ous intent gazo at her husband nad Wyatt, and, as she looked, tho colour, vivid as tho petals of a red geranium, begqu to ebb slowly out of. hor elieoks 'You must givo him a waltz, Lill,' Holland went on foverishly, and .he friends with him before lie goes. Who knows when we may all meet again ?' 'I hope you have one left, Mrs. Holland,' Wyatt ad_dcd, assho did hot speak. His pulses quiokened at tho thonght of dancing with her — thoir first and their Inst waltz together— though ho was fully prepared for somo fresh dis play of insolcnco 011 her. part and for a refusal at the very least. 'If you have, you will let mo have it, will vou not. in token of friririvn. ness for all my faults — voluntary or involuntary — since wo have known eaoh other ?' 'You can't refuse, Lill,' her husband urged <hurriedly— mow that he is goingaway.' 'Why should I refuse ?' sho asked half absently ; nud, turning to Wyatt, sho added, with some thing of the simplicity of the old days ' I can give you tho next — unless you would rather I did refuse. I have not forgotten that you declined to danco with mo ono night in Singapore. ' 'Can I bo said to have declined to dance with you ?' Sydnoy pro tested, with a quiet smilo. 'Bid I not rather refuse— and very ruefully if the truth wero known — to yob Ned of a waltz that was his by right ?' ' Yes,' sho answered, still in a dreamy, half-absorbed way — ' I remember now that it was for his sako that you declined. I can only hopo, Mr. W/att, that your honourable scruples on that occa sion wero not thrown away upon your friend.' ' Lill,' Holland protested with a laugh, his face however ghastly to look at, 'if you think they wore, you must niuko Jt up to him now.' ' There aro some things that con never bo made up for,' sho said, hor eyes still critising thorn, both. 'Mr. Wyatt is too polite, I am sure, to dony that a lost waltz with me may' be pno of them.' ' If you come to that I lost the waltz at the Tanghis Club as well as ho did,' Holland - protested again, with his nervous laugh. . Sho did not nmko him any an swer, but moved nwny on tho arm of young Breux. ' You will find me in- the gar den' sho said ovor her. shoulder. t„--Wyntfy- - ' .when our dance b,:Sins'' .ronr. ' chaptIK'NIX. 'You see,' Holland said with an attempt at gaiety, as Lill wcut off on young Dreux's arm, 'it is my turn Tt'6 bo sat upon now, old chap !;' And I dare say it will bo th.it young uss Dreux next. I tell Lill sho is too good- natured to. all those young idiots who swarm about hor for want of something else to do ' He pulled himsolf . up quickly as Mary Dreux passed by in her Jupancse dross of black satin and rose-colour ; . but : lie was too late, and she paused, with her eyebrows raised _nnd_a domuro look at Syd- bey. - ' I hopo you don't mean me, Mr. Holland ?' she said penitent ly. 'I am afraid I do ' swarm ' a great deal about Mrs. Holland.' He muttered somo words of apology, and walked off, shrug ging his shoulders, and with a very moody face. ' Poor Eddy 1' tho girl said, laughing and colouring a little. 'What a dreadful character ho is getting through this flirtation of his ! But pray ' — to Sydnoy — ' why aro yoq not dancing to-night, monsieur? May I not havo tho pleasure ' — making liim a pro found curtsey in her narrow gown — ' of the next .waltz with you, my dear Mr. Wyatt ?? ' My dear Miss. Breux,' — making hor as profound a bow — ' how shall I ever forgive my self? I am engaged, unfortu nately, for the next waltz to Mrs Holland.' ' Unfortunately !' Mary echoed, with wide-open eyes. ; ' Fortu nately, you mean ! "And so you have made it up after all ? I am so glad !' — the dimplos in hor pretty brown ehpoks coming into full, play. ' loonld/not bear to see you two always at daggers drawn; and now you must pro- mise not to full' out .with my door Mrs. Holland .agaiii;-!' - ' I shall not have, mfich oppor tunity of doing.'g.pfor tho present,' ho answered. with a half-sigh. ' I — I have had letters, this evening that will take : mo, away, I am afraid, Miss Broiix, in a day or two.' 'Away from Groyshot ?' tho girl cried, disrfiayed. ' Yes — nwdy 'from Greyshot,' Sydnoy answered gently. 'Away from England, and for somo time, perhaps. ' Oh, Mr. Wyatt 1' Mary ex claimed, in frauk. distress. ' And you promised Suo a mouth at least!.' ..r.:.' It is a vmj/great disappoint ment to mo,q assured her with unmistakabl&ljiieevity; 'I think I am always, doming to pleasant places nud finding myself forced to run away from them. There seoms to bo ft- sort of fatality about it' — laughing, but sighing u'guin too, in spito of himself, qud looking nt her with suoh i ' '\ - molanoholy eyes that tho girl's own eyes filled. . , ' 'Don't go!' sho ui'geil, with a pretty imploring glanoo, liko a ohild's. ' I don't beliovo any ono wants you more than wo do, Mr. Wyatt!' ' My kind littlo friend,' the young man said gratefully, ' no one wants mo at all. _It is merer ly business which drags me away, very much against my will.' ' Ob, business! I hate busi- I ness !' Mary declared petulantly. ' And we should1 all lisvb been so jolly together now that you and Mrs. Holland bavo made it up ! Sho needs a friend very badly — r some one capable of understand ing her, and of liking her as 1 do, and as — ' as Eddy does, for something better than her beauty and her gaioty. Oh, yes — of course thero is hor husband' — with a disdainful movement of her little head, with its fautastio pins — ' but Mr. Holland under stands her less than any one else ! Look at him just now ! Ho was joalous of Eddy, tho goose ! As if Mrs. Holland was that sort of woman !' — indignantly. 