/The Commonwealth Elections Bill, after much wrangling, passed turough the' Assembly practically uninjurtd, bwt its passage was .the cause of much discussion and confusion. One of its most remarkable effects was Mr Browne's taunting tile Government with having neglected to hearken tc the voice of ithe people, as said tto be expressed by various newspapers in various parts of ithe colony. This is' very well in its way, but when all tlie papers and most of the public in a dis trict assert Ithat they wanit a certain syndicate Tailway, Mr Browne and party blame the Government for listen ing to tthe voice of the people, and veh emently declare <thafc the public is a hydra-headed monster which must be guarded against itself, Ie3t it bite itself and die. It is evident that Mr Browne, whatever his failings, does not suffer from a surplus supply of consistency. Even the.behaviour of the sternest be lievers in the doctrine of government of ithe people, by the people, and for the people, it is daily observable, must be to a material extent affected by whether ft hey and the people agree, or vice versa. All male observers whose opinions are worth anything at all, or, in other words, who agree with mc, know that no one can extract more pleasure from breaking thte law than a lady. Whether !t Is (travelling on a friend's railway ticket, th-i same being plainly marked 'not transferable,* or smuggling sun dry articles past the Customs officials du*y free, a woman can generally frac (fcuie more Aots of Parliament in a given time, without being appreciably affected thereby, "than much more hard" ened. male offenders. Borne wise man oncc remarked that a woman could never be a Socialist; if lie had gone further and remarked that she could never help feeing ai least an Anar chist ,he would have gone even nearer the truth. At any rate it is undeni able ftha* woman has a supreme dis dain for all 3or»ts of rules an.d regula tions, and extracts real delight Cram either breaking or assisting some one else to break their.. Occasionally this leads to an. unsus pected retribution settling on the head , of a fair offender, and an instance of this occurred at a Southern railway station, a Sow days ago, when a young lndv attemp'ie! to board a moving tr? in. and a porter attempted to pre vent her. A lady on one of the "car Yjleitforrrjs, r^ovtd by the inevitable feminize inmulse in such cases, hWld out her h*»nd to the Hying reerulation smashfcr. thr result being thalfc the Good Samaritan fell out- of ithe train With a Leavy hump, while the other ladv fell on ia-£he railway line between .he platform and the train. Luckily that fortune which occasionally favors the fair as well as the brave, inter vened. and ndihing very serious re sulted J*Uit *t Is safe to assume thai both those sufferers at present blame the horrid old Governmeiit and tts stupid old regulations" for their respec tive croppers. ^ -There are two ways of making money in connection with farming. The first and unscientific method is to go i for tlw practice or&self;, which Is dangerous and unsatisfactory, inas much as it frequently happens that the rietim loses much more than 3& makes- Tiie second or scientific method is to keep off ithe land, in an agricult ural and pastoral sense, in the very highest degi*>e, and write learned ar ticles for the instruction of otber peo ple. Provided that remuneration on a satisfactory scale for such articles can toe obtained, this is by far the safest and moslt comfortable manner of mak ing money 'off' the land. No matter what nonsense a body writes, so long as he discourses in a sufficiency learn ed strain, some one is pretty sure to be lieve that there is ^something in Sft," and as he is pretty sure to forget about it before putting it to fchte proof, the responsible misetfeant is rarely found out. Rockhampton is a town Which takes its journalism very seri ously, and ift is Indieed seldom that ligh't fiction is allowed to demoralise the local population. Yet it was only a few years ago (that an old gentleman Who had acquiiied rather a reputation as an agricultural expert (with .the pen) gravely wrote an interring ar ticle advising people to try 'sidra re tusa' as a hedge planlt. What is mone, the article was paid for and printed, and presumably read. Anyone who has, in the days of his innocient youth, been compelled by a harsh 'old man,' to pull sida nettusa out of ithte garden, must realise thait although the plant in question is all righJt, so far as root is concerned, being generally clinchted on the far side of the globe, viet for a hedge plant it would be ISttle supterlor to pig-weed, while thse hedge would have to be fenced in in drought Unite to keep hungry cattle from devouring Kr WtvMM Another agricultural genius-and It must be confessed that thfe authority on agriculture who can keep away from it is a genius-has just been guilty of an instructive article entit led 'Educating the Cow.' He points out that far too few people realise that the cow is an animal with a highly-strung nervous temperament and that treat ing her with a lack of that courtesy due to a 'real lydy' is calculated to bring about a serious deterioration i|i the cow's character and value. This is undoubtedly Urue, but thie trouble is to persuade people who have ito deal with the animal in fact to aot according to the theory. It may be that tth'e cow's highly strung nervous temperament is (to blame for it, but it is undeniable that a t>ovine femaie can be very nearly as aggravating as a human one. It Is Quite possible for one to be filled, so to speak, with a saturated solution of theory regarding the beneficial effects of the milk of human kindness on Jfche milking capacities of the cow, tout when that animal, on a wet winter morning, carefully flicks you across the mouth with a muddy tail, then abstractedly puts her hoof in the milking bucket, theory is apt to be disregarded in fa vor of a large stick. Oncie upon a time in a Queensland dairying district there was an old gentleman who be came afflicted with the theory that a merc'ftil man is merciful to his cow, and after severely reprimanding one of his sons far maltreating a kicking cow, lie informed him that all thai wan re quired, was a loose leg-rope and kindly behaviour. Unfortunately he proceeded to demonstrate the soundness of the principle, and after a. few moments' aimistice the old genfeman's fate somewhat resembled Casabianca's. When, several minutes later, Ike ' ?» » iered sufferer bad collected .. himself, tils own highly-strong nervous temper ament ha.fi been, so shaken -that a most animated performance ensued, in which an energecic man, a badly-bruised cow, and a large and skilfully-wielded1 waddy played an important part. That old gentleman has never since been known to carry his cow-theory inside the stock-yard fence. . A sorrowful correspondent has arisen in Ravenswood and pointed out in the local Press ithat awful vandalism is be ing perpetrated ait the local Cemetery, where the beautiful young iron-bark 'trfees which used to adorn the land scape arte being cut up for firewood.He tsays «thait 'when everything else was bare and brown /they stood evergreen, an Emblem of Life in the City of Death.' If tb!e lakter appellation refers to Ravenswood it only shows how a friend is permitted to say what a stranger would be pole-axed for. It is possible, of course, Ithat the 'City of Death' is a pet nautie for the local iplanting-ground, but (the language of the lamenter is vtery ambiguous. It is pleasing (to learn, after perusing the waiier's sorrowful and embittered complaint, that theiie. is not «ven & tinge of personal feeling In the mat ter, because, he has decided 4o be in fterred by some permanent waterhole on Connolly's Creek, alongside of a big Iron-bark. Then, having overcome all worldly objections ta the contempla tion of cold water, tye announces that his ghost will nightly 'perch on a liis* limb and listen to the music of the flaVs whispering to each oth<ir, and watch the water tumbling wTipt the,creek is flooded/ and then 111 feel at Lome.' It might he v ronp +o suspedt fliait he will only feel at home when the creek Is fulJrbecause it will K-mind him of the days he was ditto, but it Is at least allowable to hope that the in fluence of the water and the wind whispering among the oaks will not give the ghost a cold. One would think a stensible ghost would soon tin; of roosting on a lonely branch all night, looking at water. No Charters Towers ghost could stand it for half an hour, unless there was whisky in it. 