OUR MELBOUESHC LETTER. ? , ? VT ? ? CATHOLIC EDUCATIONAL RIGHTS. DEPUTATION TO THE MINI8TER. A FAVOURABLE REPLY. NEARLY TWO AND~~A-HALF MILLIONS SAVED TO THE STATE. THE «' AUSTRALASIAN' ON BIBLE LESSONS. A; NEW CONVENT COMPLETED— COST £11,000. (from our correspondent ) At length the Hierarchy of the Ecclesiastical Pro vince of Victoria has taken decisive action with regard to the Catholic educational claims, or— more correctly speaking— rights, which have been wantonly denied us for the past 25 years and more. Successive Cabinets have more or leas turned a deaf ear to, this crying injustice— this persecution, as it was fairly characterized by his Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Reville, OS A., Coadjutor- Bishop of Sandhurst, when addressing Mr. Salmon after his Grace of Melbourne and his Lordship of Ballarat had stated the case to the Minister of Public In struction, on the 20r,h ultimo. A more opportune muuicub uuuiu, jjeiuujjB, nuu nave ueeii uiiuntJii zor placing the twofold proposition before the Cabinet Minister, as we are within a few weeks' time of the triennial State election It is gratifying to observe from the tenor fi Mr. Salmon's reply that this first instalment of justice to nur body is likely to be at length conceded. I say ' conceded,' but'it is any thing but a concesion. being only the first line of a policy of even- handed justice. 1 There were present in the Minister's room at the Treasury Buildings his Grace the Archbishop of Melbourne { MoBt RhV Dr. Oarr), his Lordship the Bishop :of Ballarat (Right Rev. Dr. Moore), his Lordship the Coadjutor Bishop of Sandhurst (Right Rev. Dr. Reville, O S.A..). It will thus be observed that the Hierarchy of the Province was fully , represented, save in the case of the Sale dio cese,1 whose prelate is abaent in Europe. Not con tent with depriving our Catholic schools of a fair capitation allowance for results in secular know ledge,4 the Department has persistently excluded all except State school pupils from any participa tion in the annual scholarship provided for out of the public taxes, and to which, of course, our denomination pays its fair qmta without receiving collateral consideration at the hands of the State. When the late Professor Pearson held the portfolio of Education he was asked to allow pupils from our Catholic Primary schools to compete for these prizes, which are so great an incentive to studious youth of both sexes, but he refused, evidently afraid that our -Catholic boys and girls would carry oS the bulk of the honours, as they did at the International Exhibition of 1888. {the Archbishop of Melbourne urged that in common fairness pupils attending private schools Bhould be allowed to compete for State school scho larships. His Grace had previously put forward certain claims, which had not been acceded to, although he maintained that they would not inter fere -with the State system of education He was reminde 1 of an old saying that when a man wished to furnish his house he looked for the best articles, and if the State was anxious to arrive at the most satisfactory result the bent thing it could do was to getj 'the best article at the cheapest price. The Catholic body were prepared to give that article to the State, namely, secular education, but they did not wish to be deprived of the reward of industry merely because their children studied at private schools. The second request which they had to make was that the State should undertake theinspection of their schools. It would be an advan tage to them, becau e it would show what the Catholic school were doing in the matter of secu lar education. It would be an advantage to the State to have a prof-^si -nV opinion with regard to the quality of work done in the schools. An inspection of this kind would ensure that the most practical means applied in the State schools woulr* be carried out With legard to the private schools as well. In regard to the matter of the scholarships, the matter was not one of a change of policy but of administrative arrangement They thought it would be possible without any trouble, to allow the children attend ng the (Jaiholic schools to com pete-in the scholarships The . requestB they were- making were, they thought, much less than- they ? were entitled to, but they were all' that were claimed at the present time. Continuing, his Grace remarked that in Queens land State school scholarship): had recently been; thrown open to children attending all schools, and this new departure was referred to at the recent. Sydney Catholic Congress as an instance of the altered views of a more generous A dministration In the Catholic schools of Victoria they educated /^ii . .. ,„,,,„..,. _ i,i'..iiM.___jm-,-.m_,.Ji-iMi^Mi i. 28,215 children. It would not be fair to take that number as the average for the past 25 years, as it had increased ; but if they went back 12 years, and looked forward to the next 12 years, it .would be a fair average. ; ? Assuming that the ? - average annual cost of a child's education was JB3 10s, the educa tion of these children meant an annual saving of £98,875 to the state, or over £2,400,000 for 25 years. This was exclusive of the amount spent on school , buildings, which would make the total far greater. There . appeared , to be a great deal of misunder standing concerning the matter.; They had never asked that a single penny of public money should pass through their hands. All that they asked was that a capitation grant should be given them for all children who passed the Government examinations. They asked that their schools should be recognized as part of the system, and that they should be allowed to appoint teanhers whose religious train ing, in addition to their secular knowledge,1 would enable them to pass the test, and give a guarantee of their religious attainments. Reference had been made to the conditions prevailing in the home countries, and in Ireland, Scotland, and Canada the Catholics were treated more fairly. The Bishop of Ballarat explained the fact that in matters of government we followed as nearly as pos sible in the steps of the mother country. The policy of the Imperial Government should also be followed in matters of education- The Catholic people had made noble sacrifices in the cause of Ohriatian edu cation. He supposed that the Catholic people had spent at least two millions during the last 25 years, k-l'he Archbishop : Not exactly ; but we have saved the State that much.] The Coadjutor -Bishop of Sandhurst pointed out that, aa remarked by the Archbishop, Queensland had granted the request for the extension of the scholarships to private schools. As the circum stances were the same here as there they thought it was only reasonable that they should look forward to similar recognition here. The Minister, Dr. Carty Salmon, whose attitude was favourable to the very reasonable requests placed before him by the distinguished deputation, said he rather regarded the point relating to scholarship as one of policy rather than adminis tration. It would involve a considerable change in the allotment of the scholarships He would like to know if the deputation desired that private secondary schools should be included. The Archbishop said that such was not their in tention. His Grace remarked that Catholic chil dren were poorer than those attending other schools. Mr. Salmon, continuing, said that he was sorry , to hear that such was the case, but it only added to the admiration that he felt for the conduct of the parents in making such a sacrifice on behalf of their children. The deputation had asked that the children attending these schools . should be placed on the same footing as those at tending the State schools. He was glad to hear the arguments which had been advanced in favour of the proposal, and he was prepared to bring the question before the Cabinet to ascertain its views on the subject. If on investigation it should be con sidered justifiable, he would make a recommenda tion that it be given effect to, , With regard to the \ other question, there was a desire on the part of some people that all schools should be subject to examination by the. State inspectors, and that the teachers should be asked to pass a certain examina tion before being allowed to practice. He was glad, indeed, to receive from the Catholic body this re quest, chat he would have been loth to insist upon the examination of teachers if pressure had been brought upon him to do so. He would make in quiries as to how the suggestions could be carried out. and he congratulated them on making the pro posals. The deputation of eminent dignitaries then retired, . * In previous letters reference was made to the pleasing fact that the question of granting a/capita- ' tion allowance to our schools, if Protestant Bible lessons be introduced into the State schools, , is favourably advocated by the leading papers of the colony. The attitude of the Argus and the A ob is endorsed by the Australasian, which has thus to say on the burning question of the hour :— , ' Religious instruction in State schools will be brought no nearer by the conclusions of the Royal Commission. They have evaded the difficulties rather than attempted to overcome them, and the consequence is that the position has been rendered no clearer as a result of their deliberations Unanimity among the representatives of the reli gious bodies who consented to join the Commission has been obtained only by a species of compromise. Those who hold strong beliefs at opposing extremes have at last given away a little in order that there might be an appearance of agreement. The scheme of lessons which has been drawn up may merit the praise bestowed on it by parental fondness. The lessons may be looked upon by those who have devised them as absolutely uneectarian in character, simple as ib compatible with religious trutb, avoid ing controversial doctrine and theological system. But can the Commission say that it has complied with the first condition of its appointmemt ? It was brought into existence to show whether there was any possibility of religious unanimity which could be pleaded as a reason why the State should depart from the attitude of severe impartiality. The Catholics have stood aloof, and the Jews have retired. So far from there being any approach to general acceptance, this attempt to introduce these lessons into the State schools would' relight the ... flames of religious rancour. Archbishop Carr has left the community in' no doubt as to the feelings of the Catholic Hierarchy on this subject.: The Catho lic grievance would be intensified, and instead of peace a flaming sword would be incroduced into the land. The State can' justify its position at the present time. It offers to all the advantages of secular education, and;:; interferes in no. way with religion. The Catholic objection is not to what is taught in the schools, but to the leaving out of something which the Church deems of importance. No complaint can now be made against the State of religious intolerance. It would be different if religious teaching of which one denomination or another did not approve were added to the State curriculum.' ; ; Progress is the watchword in the Ballarat diocese, no less than in any other territorial boundary of the colony under Episcopal or parochial jurisdic tion. Last week the Bishop of Ballarat, Dr. Moore, blessed and opened a magnificent convent for the Brigidine Sisters, Ararat, which is the mart , of a thriving agricultural district.. Indeed, this diocese was especially favoured by She Ecclesiastical commission in Rome charged with delineating the boundaries of the dioceses of Ballarat and Bendigo in 1873, the former embracing eome of the richest land in the colony — notably the Western District. The occasional sermon was delivered by the Very Rev Father O'Farrell, C.SS.R., whose theme was the Commission given by Christ to St. Peter and his successors to the end of time 'to teach all n tions,' promising them the eyer-ptesent assis tance of the Holy Ghost to preserve the Church from all taint of error and corruption, and thereby constituting an infallible teacher of mankind. A portion of the convent was erected 11 years ago at the advent of the establishment of the nuns. The total cost haB been £1 1 , 000. It stands on rising ground adjacent to the church under the invocation of Our Lady Immaculate. The community con sists of 24 nuns and postulants, who have charge of primary, secondary (day and boarding) schools. The offertory reached the satisfactory figure of' £280, and but £400 of a debt remains on the hand some pile. The building is in the ornamental Gothic style, and consists of two stories in brick, with Grampians freestone and white brick dressing. The . foundation comes from Abbey leix, Queen's County, Ireland. In 1898 the number in the com munity was 18. These, it will; be observed, have increased by one- third. The convent is one of the '. foremost institutions of the, colony, very high per- ; centages being gained by the several schools of which these worthy daughters of the', ?»;? Mary, of Ireland' have charge. V The new chapel- of- ease just completed at Bala- ( clava, in the 8t-; Hilda East parish, will be blessed and opened by! the Archbishop on Sunday, 14th instant. . ; ; ?.?: .-;? ?.. .; ? .{ \ Fancy Fairs are the order of the day just now, and several are looming in prospeotu. Last Wed nesday night week the Mayor of Collingwood (Cr. W. Beazly, M.L. A.) opened , a successful Michael mas Fair at St.. Joseph's Hall, Coiling wood, in aid of the church fund. Amongst the visitors were1 the pastor; (Rev. E. O'Brien), the Hbri. J. Wi, Taverrier, M.L. A ; John Anderson, M.L.A. ; Gi; Bennetts MIL; A. ; D. Wilkins, M L A. ; Cr. Land ridge,' . J.'P. ; etc. Much interest attaches to the tug-of-war to be contested during the currency of Fair. Twenty-one societies have entered for the trial of strength. The pirizeB consist of 12 gold crosses. Last Saturday week the Mayor of Rich mond (Cr.' Willis) opened a bazaar in1 the Richmond Town Hall in aid of the schools of \St. Ignatius! There was a large attendance, including the Very Rev. J. Hearh, S.J. ; a number of Parliamentary and municipal representatives, and prominent citizens from the adjacent suburbs. If a good be ginning, be half the. work, the success of this bazaar is assured. ,': ''!'.' \' .'.'-''.? ' ' The balance-sheet of the St John's, Clifton Hill, Fair has been, circulated, from which it appears that over £1000 was netted by the Fair opened by the Lady Mayoress, the amiable consort of Sir Malcolm M'Eacharn, who has just returned irom a flying. visit to England, leaving her Ladyship be hind. By the same boat the Honi Nicholas; and Mrs. Fitzgerald returned home. On the 1 9th instant the Brunswick Federal Carnival will be opened in the local Town Hall by Sir Rupert Clarke, Bart, M.LC. No less than £655 ?was netted by the recent bazaar at Castlemaina opened by the popular president of the Legislative Council, Sir William Zeal, M.L.C. Last Sunday week his Grace the Archbishop ad ministered the Sacrament of Confirmation at St. Mary's, West Melbourne, being assisted by the Very Rev. M. Carey, P P. The bazaar iu aid of the Children's Hospital was a pronounced succe financially and socially. The debt of £13,000 has been wiped out and there re mains a surplus of £1255. The gross takings amounted to £16,251. -1 ? The railway, standing committee has at length decided to accept the design for the new central railway station to be erected in Flinders-street in place of the dilapidated series of structures which have done duty for so many years there. That of Messrs. James Fawcett and H. P. Ash worth,, of the jttailway Department, was accepted, and, the, 1st prize, £500, awarded to them ; Mr. C. E. id'Ebro and 'Messrs. Wright and Pestell securing the 2nd and 3rd prize, £200 and £100 respectively. The total cost will be £169,000. Mr. James B. Coghlan, K.S.G., who was a pro minent figure ' at the Congress, has lost rather heavily by an unexpected drop in the Band and Loch Company, Ballarat. In an interview with the A rgus local mining representative, Mr. Coghlan, who occupies the position of chairman of the com pany's directorate, said :— About a week before leav ing Ballarat he purchased 300 shares at 46s, which raised his present interest in the company to between 2000 and 3000 shares. He regrets his absence at such a critical time, as he believes that if ; he; had been in Ballarat the -; information which seems to have leaked out privately as to the appearance of the plates would have been given due publicity. Mr. Coghlan thinks that the appearaace of the plates should have been noticed, and the fact stated, in order to satisfy shareholders and the in vesting public generally. He indignantly denies having parted with any of his shares, havihgj on the contrary* increased his interest. Mr; Coghlan loses some £500. ? ? .^ :'. .?:-.:.'. A recent incident in Melbourne, says the Argusj gives interest to the statement by the Church Quartbrly Rbvibw, on the occasion of .the comple tion of -its 25th year, as to the views and aspirations of the High Church party, which it r epresehts. A ! survey by the Church Quarterly includes a state ment of its creed :—?? The ultimate and supreme authority of Holy Scripture ; the Divine promise of guidance, so that the final decisions i of the whble Catholic Church are infallibly right ; the reality of Sacramental grace, so that in Baptism the baptised person is in very deed a member of Christ in union; with His sacred body ; in Absolution the sins of the penitent are actually forgiven ; and in the Holy ; Eucharist. the ? consecrated bread and wine are' made to be the body and blood of Christ-^ these' form parts of that great system of truth to, Which' the f ractarians were committed, which it has i been :' one of our purposes to defend.' ; '?'''[?' ': Wb ,. cull ?: the following from the' Aus traxian Star :— An innovation -at Power Hotel Victoria, 315-317 George-street, is the London Silver Grill Room. All travellers from Great Bri tain know what that sign means— a chop or steak one, on a silver grill over a charcoal fire. I The room is already very largely patronized, and Mr. Power has introduced the London priee of a silver grill for ne shilling. If you have never tasted Jesse Moor ?AA' Bourbon Whisky, try it and be convinced that it is the best whisky in the world. Power's Hotel Victoria. 