HIS COUP D'ETAT. " How will she take P" The deep silence, which in 'domestic atmospheres often foretells a ;,coming storm, brooded over the Dimpleton household. It w eleven e'cleck in the morning, and thi head of the house, with a towel wound feebly round his head, lay back'on th. pillow and re -ected aloud, as much as it is.possible for a map to reflect, who, the evaning before, has unwound several aiiles of a club dinner. The bibulous leave- taking, and the long, dark space between this and-his arrival home, lighted up like a comet heaven, with flashing and iobbly electric lights, his interminable efforts to find himself and get away from his clothes. his baundless good nature that seemed to reach up and envelop the very universe, and, through all, the tattered memory of his wife's pale and terrified face- all these rase up like ghosts, And now he must explain., Now he must summon all his energies, use his utmost eloquence, be-resourceful, complacent, watchful for the advantage, cunning and strong, with a head that split like a thunder cloud when lightning goes through it, with. a conscience that see- sawed from one emotion to the other, and with a wife not unable to cope with him when in the fall possession of his ncrsal faculties. He could not do it. How could he make her see thei eally fine instincts that had led him to this height of intellectual abandon ? He knew why-he had taken too' mach, but to explain it to a woman ! Bah ! Imposs ible! What should he do? There was no escape. He must take his punish ment. Besides, he needed water. His throat lay before him like an intermin able desert, with every grain of sand a sponge, and every sponge quivering with thirst He must have it. He called-a dry and husky call. There was the swish of a woman's skirt; his wife appeared, and the mock courage that Dimpleton had summoned uip but., a moment-before vanished-like snow be fore the noonday sun. He smiled up at her, the white anderaven smile of uncon ditional surrender, and with an idiotic attempt at brightness: . Well-my-dear-why- don't-yon-ask-me how-I-feel?" Between the fourth and fifth years of married life there is a look that attains its full growth in a womans eyes, and the deadly poison of it is only gathered by many ingraftings of experience. Reproach, restrained anger, fine con tempt, repugnance, some slight pity, and a sense of immeasurable distance from the object are its chief constitu ents. It was this look that-Mrs. Dimple ton now fixed upon her husband. Then, moving slowly towards the window, she raised the curtain, and, ignoring his question, said with the glacial accents which somehow conveyed instantly that she was now a wife in name only, but still dignified, still bound to do her duty to the base partner of her wretched existence. "Is there anything you want ?" "Water," said Dimpleton, instantly. "Ice-water--a barrelful," he added facetiously and feebly. Mrs. Dimpleton displayed no haste. She moved again slowly across the room, touched the bell, and whispered a mo ment to the mail outside the door to bring .the longed for relief. ,Dimple ton went o- another propitiatory tack. "I thought you would prefer to order the water for me, my dear," he said, "as the servants might- not know." "THEY know," said his wife coldly. " They - ASSISTED you last night. You will understand," she said, "that I easi never forgive you for this, NEVR ! 1 am glad that you have revealed Jour elf in your true light. Of course I cannot love you again as I ha.e done. That is all past-dead. I thought that you were . at least a man. You will try to excuse yourself but it is utterly useless for you to do so. NOTHING' can wipe oct the dark stain of last night. To see you as I have seen you is. not to be forgotten. You might have had the decency-" There was a knock at the door and the ice-water came. Dimpleton drank. "You might have had the decent" to have gone to an hotel and not obtraded yourself on me. You have not only killed my love for you, but EVERY ATOM of respect is also gone." Dimpleton drank again-deeply. "It is,not. only gone, but can never return.' I never could have the slightest f?eeling for any man who has made a a Mrs. Dimpleton was a refined and sensitive soul; and the word jarred on her, but it was the only one that exactly fitted the situation, "a BEAST of him self." JIi the meantime, Dim;leton had gotten what he most need.& The cringing coward creaturo of a moment before was now no more. The water and his wife's 'ords' had d-nse their work. Tearin.. the towel from his head he rose -u in bed, pointed to the door, and, ith a voice like a lion, said ".Leafe the room!" And Mrs. Dimpleton swept out. The hard' substratum of character in Dimpleton's nature sad been .'it, and rang out. Foity minutes later a carefully groomed man, still with'a half-quenched thirst-for that is a_ atter of hours and still with a celebral sawmill work ing at diminished speed, walked into his wife's apartment, outwardly cal m and imperturbable. "Eleanor," h. said, ! quietly and sternly, " we may as. well understand each ether now as at any other tie'.. Last night I went to my annual'clu' dinner. It is of no casequence why I drank or what I drank. I drank what Iwanted to, a~d I camine home in the manner. that best pleased me. This bouss is mine, and this is a privilege that I propose to exert whenever I see fit.-: The servants assisted me up the stairs, and I am glad they knew their business. If they hadn't, it would now be my pleasure to! discharge every one, of .them." Dimpleton pauised, lighted a cigarette, and blew the smoke throuth his wife's pet lace curtains. S"I hope," he said distinctly, " that I have made myself plain, as I shall not permit the subject to be referred to again. If I choose, :s you somewhat coarsely remarked, "to make a beastoE myself,' I shall do it morning, noon and night, when a-nd :where I pleas. If necessary, I will hire a hk for the pur pose. As for you, you can do as you please. But, rememlber, I.will have no more of this. I am now going to the club. When I get home you will know I aim here," and Dimplet'n turned to ward the dioor. But Mrs. Dimpleton was before him. "Dear" she said wistfunll; as she funpg, her arms r'und his eck,"will you forgire meP" "'This tim, said Dimpleton, half sternly, "but don't let it occur a".ain." 