ARCHIBALD FORBES. A PRINCE OF WAR CORRESPON DENTS. EPISODES OF THE FRANCO-PRUS STAN WAR. (From our Special Correspondent.) London, April 6, 1900. The latter days of Archibald Forbes were, I fear, full of pain and sadness. Cer- <*> tainly none of you who knew the famous war correspondent in Australia in 1882 jTOUMi nave recognised nun in the ?whTe haired, gouty, and extremely irascible old gentleman whom one met hobbling along with his dog in Ecgettt's Paik on fine mornings a year or so ago. I passed hfiu most summer days, nut for a. ftras time had no notion who lie was. Occasionally American lioo-hnnters in pursuit of George R. Sims, who also lives in Clarence terrace, tried to "land" Forbes. On each occasions his command of language is said to have been ?o startling that the busy bodies turned and fled. The "Daily News" may well give Forbes a four-column obitu ary notice, for if ever one man made a paper Forbes made the Bouverie-street or gan. "When the Franco-Prussian war broke out tbe Liberal jonroal was admittedly a failure. Radical paper* never had gone down in London, and the "Da3y News" wouldn't go. The war, however, and Forbes redeemed a critical situation. Here is "the porter's own acknowledgment. "Tt would," says the writer, "be difficult to irat in a brief space even Hie baldest emnmarv of Mr. Forties's work during the Franco-German war. He proceeded straight to Mete, his humorous letters from whi.?h are a vivid, enduring record of one of the most famous and momentous pieces m his tory. In these letters, one of Mr. Forbes's rare powers very speedily and conspicuous ly manifested itself. We "refer to his power of presentine, in a fejwr strong, clear lines, the essential* of a landscape, with its ac curate grouping of opposing forces. Tt is & rare sift Vhif. and Forbes possessed it 'tn perfection. There are sentences of his, descriptive of the country round Metz. which present to the inner eye as clear a pjctrtre as" pnotographer or painteT could TiTace before the outer, and which stick in *he memory-- He displayed th? same faculty in rendering intelligible the complicated movements of. a battle, by seizing upon the es=sential ones amonc them, and treating the rest more or less fully with reference to these. These, how ever, were not the only merits of Mr. Forties's letters from the "Mete region. They give us vivid glimpses of 6he mar vellous discipline, and pleasant illustra tions of the patriotism—amounting to a religion—and of the feeling of comrade ship, pervading that mightiest war-organ ism of moderri~"Europe, "the German Army; and terrible, nat&etic; pictures of the mise ries of the Frejich, soldiers and layfolk, dying of starvation, disease, and filth, in and around the doomed fortress. "Transmitted on tihe plan arranged with Mr. Forbes before he left London—uaoely. that, breaking away from'the usual jour nalistic plan of first telegraphing a bare summary and next sending the full details by post, he ehonld telegraph his letters in rail, right off, at whatever cost—Fcrbes's letters were a totally new experience to the reading public They began a new era in journalism. They tooK the world by surprise. It seemed as if their author were übiquitous. And sometimes it hap pened that those whom they most astonished were the writer's feTlow-jour nalists on the_ spot, when they saw his let ters arriving in camp from' London, and in print, while their own. were 6tfll on the way home or just ready for the courier. Many a diverting story has Forbes told of the devices whereby he often hoodwinked his rivals. Here is a little scene:—Time, near midnight, after a hard day's work; everybody done up—Hullo. Jones, says Smith, there's Forbes already asleep, like braes. By Joye, yes, quoth Jones (in cipient snore from Forbes); it would take ten horses to wake him up. FU turn m. eavs Jones; time" enouirh to get our stuff off to-morrow, eh.? Right you are, re sponds Smith. In 4en minutes the wearied warrior-scribes are dead asleen. Forbes rises cautiously, passing out like a ghost; sits him down in a hidden corner with the stump of a tallow candlo; writes like a whidwind for a couple of Wars; jinisbes with the last flicker of his din; saddles a horse, off he goes, helter-skelter, across country; eallops for an hour; delivers his letter;'gallop? back; is in bed by 4; rieeng, | this time, like brass." and no mistake. .Hullo, lazy-bones, exclaims Smith at 7 ajn., shaking the sleeper. Time to be up. old man, adds Jon<"s. What are yon up to? <moth Forbes, drowsily. We are "thinking of getting our stuff off. The devil yon are. Whr hurry? Let's have another snooze. At last/ ISmith and Jones get their stuff off; and in tfiree days discover to their bepuz zleirent, ?Sia.t they were 34 honrs behind hand. Very provoking to Smith and .Tonps. But if Forbes had been the victim of the little ruse, he -would have been the first to Unata over it. and to congratulate hieisnccessful competitor. "Wherever great events were impending, there Forbes was sure to he. nodding time by *he forelock. He wan the first corres pondent who entered-Bari? during its aeas by .the. German Army... He was the only cue who contrived to escape from it, when theOoimnime was about to disappear, ar.i when'the Versailles troops were marline" in.'' "Oi course his Paris sojourn had its adventures. We "was arrested by the Com mmrisfe, at first, apparently, under suspi cion: of "being a .foreign spy. "You most assist as in throwinz Tip bur barricades' said his cap'tore. as ff they meant that he must purchase his life, or his liberty, by this service. He worked at the barricades. He -even taught the barricade? -the trick. For it never occurred to his captors t>iat without embrasures the stone barricades would prove rather nseless for artillery. His {rood humor, his sang froid, his timely hints in tile art of engraeerinff.won ?rhe vad miraifcioii of the impressionable Parisians, and he was relieved from corvee labor. Imperturbable coolness will carry a man through extraordinary perils. Mr. Henry Lsftvjuchere sometime* walked the streets of Paris with one hand in his porfeet, and the other iiotoing an open umbrella, when the spy mania was at its wor£v and "when bullets were flying about, TVho,' says Mr.Laboncherc, 'would waste powder upon a harmless bounreois. noticing nobody, and wallriTKi down ?fhe street with a hia rnn breTTst? Mr. Forbpsfcad no umbrella when he set out for Paris in spite of the warn ings cf his German friends outside that lie ?wonH merer come out alive again. But he was cool. He noticed nobody." He rode very quietly, in among a. number of towns people at -work ire the ?immediate environs <rf the city. And fee parsed quietly, care lessly, with them into the streets. There he met a. T-onden journalist, fhc late Mr. Dalian. 'WKere have yon come from?' the lafcted enquired. *Fr<m the German lines,' was tlhe aarwer. "Good heavens! keep f=3enoe.<?r they'll tear you to pieces.' Af ter a while, during wh?ch he made the ac quaintance of his cool coJleapie already named, Forbes found his way out, having Obtained a 'Setter from Mr. Labouchere, ?with whom he hrached, and with his poc kets filled wrfli copies of Hie Paris morn ins papers, mOrmed off to the German camn, and distributed the papers among his friend*. It was 3D those Paris days, too, that he performed one of his most remarkable -physical feats—remarkable, however, less for its endurance than for its literary results. Just at the downfall of Hip Conrnurne. he managed to get away . —parfly throush his usual imperturbabi lrty, partly with the help of bogus letters, or pa-=ses. Once clear of Paris he made for Calais, writing in the course of the tlwn: tedious journey. He went on writing nn board the boat. He wert on writimt in the train from Dover to London, which he reached at 6 o'clock -in the mornine. -n>Tien he handod in has 'cony" to the printers. "Us thrs?w himw?f down, some wtere. to r't^nx witi the Post-offi.-e Direc ti>ry for a pSlow. And he woke up to find London iw a rfafce of escitpmemt over a se cond' edition of Hi? tltaiiv Xeirs.' and his wonderful description ofTarisin flames.'" THE BEGIKSISGS OF FORBES. lT>e utorv I'liat Forbes drew lots as to which ot the London papers he should of fer his copy to in 1870 is pure fudge. Qharles WiiHa?is, the famous war corres pondent, whose feats rivalled those of the deceaeca, gives the correct version. He says that when Forbes quitted the army be eought to cultivate literature on a lit tle oatmeal, after toe manner of his coun trymen, and for half a dozen years it was a -hard enough- struggle, more particularly as it. was intensified by the household cares of a young family. He always drew a small income from a famous local paper, but it did not offer scope for hit energies. So he, with others, founded a small sheet, catted the "London Scotsman," which was either still in existence, or .only just dead, when the sudden breaking out of the war between France and Germany gave him the opportunity of his Efethne. He went ?vit firet a? corrnsnondent of the "Morning Advertiser," and becoming short of money, ju?l managed to reach London with pare of en acoonnt of an early battle in fais pocket. He could wot find his country man, the editor, nor was he at all known at the office. So almost in despair he went to the "Standard," where his work was declined without being looked at, and then he made one more trial at the "Daily News," where that astute journalist, now Sir John Bobinson, "smelt" the value of the copy, told Forbes to crt down and write the story out fully, paid handsomely for it, and die next Digit sent Forbes oS with ample funds, and virtually a free hand to telegraph or organise messengers or call for assistance as he judged best. In a day or two Forbes was famous, and the "Times," a very different paper iSien from what it is now, expressed its friendly envy of the old Radical organ. Of Forties's later days Mr. Williams, now much broken himself, writes:—"ln about 1894 he settled in London, at Ckrence^ate, Regent's Park, where he de voted iiiTniojf to writinc when his health permitted, but !his malady, a. form of gout, often clouded bis memory and left him helpless in compositkm for over a week alt a time. Yet, when he got better, os be did at intervals, his fecundity, his felicity of phrase, his ready reminiscence, were as conspicuous as ever. His one enjoyment, save when he went to Florida, once or twice, was to walk down to the Art. Club or vhe London Library and back, as he did in all weathers wben be was aide, and though he looked feeble for many a year and hie grizzled hair grew whiter than tbe winter enlcrws of his native shores, he wse always notable for the uprign.tzi£ss of his carriage, so tbat thousands who did not know him would turn and say, That's an old soWiex.' Of late years few of his old friends have seen much of him, bu£ none who knew him can ever forget "him— brusque, but kindly, thorough in goodwill if sometimes cynical in expression, and with the literature of war forming a part of Ms whole essence. VaJe, atque vale! There were just 30 days between us in birth, and there may not be a tong parting." HIS FAMOUS BIDE. The ride from Ulundi was resolved up on by Forbes at a .motoent's notice, on his learning to his indignation that no Go vernment courier was going out that night with the news of victory. This is Mr. Forbes's own description in a letter to Sir John Robinson: —It was already dusk. I had been in the saddle' almost without food from 5 o'clock in the morning. All mv horses had been out, .and were no longer fresh. My first stage (to our standing camp on the ridges) would con sist of some 11 miles through thick bush and broken ground, in close proximity to the great military kraals burnt on the 38th ult. It was all but certain that broken Zulus were lurking in the bush, or poking about the embers of the kraals. A con siderable movement of troops round both our flanl-H to our rear in tie direction of our standing camp had been observed the previous day- ... Many men tried to dissuade me; my enterprise was ireely characterised as "madness" and "d d foolhardiness." Evelyn Wood was the last man to urge an objection, and when that ?was of no avail he cave me a. telegram for m's wife. The night was just falling aa I rode up the steep, rugged track from the laager into the bush. I was riding a dark ehesmre horse, whose pluck and staying* power I knew well, and I meant to test both. My great effort was to traverse as much ground as possible before it got quite dark. For I did not like ttie interval of pitchy darkness before the moon should rise about S o'clock, co I sent the dresnui eiong tft the best pace. It was a gruesome ride, and I would sooner be dhot at for two hours at a stretch than do it again. There was no road, only a confusion of waggon tracks through the long grass made by our vehicles in their advance. 'Everywhere the bush, in detached clumps some 10 ft. high, clustered thick around and among these tracks. I daren't emoke, for fear tbe striking of a. match may, perchance, betray me. All that there was for me was to trust to luck, see tbat ihe flap of my re volver case was open, and keep the good horse's head straight. On we went, down into black gnfh'es, where naif a regiment might have . lain bidden, through little patches of tslfl tfaorn brake, whose prickles tore my clothes aod lacerated my eldn, stumbling - over faHen trunks, wading through Jong rank "grass, always wish cars cocked and every sense on its fullest ten sion. Several fires were -risible through the bu^h foliage to rigbit and left, doubtless tbe night fires of etraggnng bodies of Zulus, uehind me seethed tie Gehenna of &s; blazing HI undi and other kraals fired that day. Their lurid blaze helped me on after darkness feH, which chey served to mitigate. But at lengtb I came to a dead bait near the region where tie two columns camped on their 'march between the ridge of Enlongeneni and tie White Umfalopsi. The multiplicity of tracks con fused me. I bad fairly lost my way. I ooukl dimly ccc dose to me tbe charred relics of the great Slipane Kraal, aad I knew I must be Bear a bog, into which, if I strayed, my, borse at least would never emerge. . There was no recourse but to halt wbjpre J waa and wait, with wha* pati*K?Trfnig3i£ £ar the moon to rise. I daresay-ehe kept her time, but I must say I thought her shockingly clow. At length tihe great disc showed above the ridge and illumined tihe basin below. After a few casts, I hit off *be spoor, and in ten minutes more was climb ing the open, grassy elope that leads up to the standing camp on the Knlongeneni. Here the chesnut was done, and right well had fee done. Major Upcher, of the 2ith, who "was in; command, firet ordered his men a. lot of rum each in honor of the good news I brought, and then, furnished me with. a. fresh borse and a party to guide me on tbe devious way. Steadily I rode on aD through the bitter night under the moonlight without adventure, save an occasional imssmg and recovery of the road. I had an escort for two stages, and then went on alone. I passed within & few miles of the epot where some days later the bodies, pierced with assegai wounds, of poor young Soott Douglas and Corporal Cotter, of the Lancers, were found. About four in. the morning the blinding fog came down, and then it was a case of groping for die track". On the hill above Fort Marshall the fog waa co dense tbat I had to dismount; and fed in the wet grass for the waggon ruts leading down the steep elope to the fort. Onoe t&era; dear old Ccioncl CoMingwood gave me some tea in the grey of 4&e; morning, and ?et me np with a. fresh, noise. To make a. long story short I Tod? to Landman's Drift, between ?two and three in the afternoon of the sth, having ridden about 110 miles, using six borses. It was "not much of a ride for specd —110 miles in 20 hours; inib look at the delays in losing and finding The road, in getting fresh. Worses, 4c. I know that 1 never halted, in any one place for more than 'half an nqur, and that I made good speed is evident from the fol lowing feet. After I had left lord Chelmsfoiid changed bis mind, and started off Guy Dawnay an hour later, under escort, "with his formal dispatch. lam neariy S ?=t. heavier tlhan Bawnay, and weight tells internally on these colo nial ponies. Tet Dawnay did not reach Landni?n> Drift ti-K 1U p.m. en ihe sih inst. Leaving the Umfaloosi one boor be hind me, he did not reach Landmin's Drift unt3 seven hours behind me. I made straight for the telegraph office, and know ing that Sivewright, the general manager of the Cape telegraphs, was in ilaritzfourg, and was bound to know WoJseley's where abouts, which I did not, I ficnt Sivewright the following message":—^"Please acquaint Clifford; make public, and forward to VFolseley following:—'Archibald Forbes to Sir Garnet Wolseley. Landman's Drift, July 5. Brilliant success yesterday. While both columns were marching on tjlundi in hollow square were attacked 9 a.m. on aH four sides by 12,000 Zulus. Affair lasted half-bour; all troops behaved admirably. T-he Zulus came within sixty yards square, when they began to break. The cavalry slipped at them. Lancers cut fugitives m mince-meat. Shell- fire rained on Zulus till Ja?t man disappeared. Our loss is li) killed and 60 wounded. I calculate dead Z'-tlns about SOO. After snort rest coJranns moved on Ulundi; cavalry preceding, fired at, and all other military kraals nirronnd ing. Forces returned to laager before night. Lord CSielinf fold to-day fafls back on stand ing camp, and means to retire on Kwamag waza. Has 15 days' rations to good, but grass failed utterly, mostly burnt, every where bare. No further communications from Ketshwayo, who left Ulundi on the 3rd." Sir Garnet found fhis message for him on arrival from Stanger at Fort Pearson, about sundown on sch. It was pleaaanx to receive tne same night the following ac knowledgment:— "Sivewright, Maritzburg. "Braekenbury, Fort Pearson. "Sir Garnet will be much obliged if you will express to Forbes his sincere thanks for his most welcome news, tie first intel ligence of the success. Congratulate Forties on his energy, from Bill}' Russell and my self." Xext morning, too, came the following from Gape Town:— "Srvewright, Maritzbnrg. "Littleton, Cape Town. "W3I you heartily congratulate Forbes for his Excellency (Sir Bartle Frere) on his great ride from Ulundi." The nuisance was that, in a newspaper sense, aid tSiis speed did me no good. Had there been a cable to England, it would bave been a repetition of Plevna, and ! Shipka Pass business, but as it was I ra ther lost by it than otherwise, for a. fellow can't be riding and writing at die same time. . . .My riding, it appeared, was not jtb over. On the morning of the 6t& it occurred to General Marshall, in com mand at Landman's Drift, that some time might ekose before direct communicatiou could be opened up between Wolseley and Chehnsford, and that what I would be able to tell "him regarding details might be of service to -the former if I were to hurry through with all speed to Fort Duroford. I wasn't in the best ease for another long ride, it was erne. In the fight. I bad a thwack on die leg with a spent bullet. 1c had not the skin, but made a contu sion, and the long ride had set up not a little inflammation. Uut it was not bad enough to let it beat a fellow, and oS I eet from Landman's Drift about 1 in the afternoon of the 6th, bent on reaching Pietermaritzbnrg, a. distance of 170 miles, before stopping. All that afternoon, evening, and night I rode on, steadily on, halting for a fresh horse. At Ladysmith. at 3 in the morning, I found a genuine good Samaritan in .Bowline, of the 58tb, who gave me meat and drink, and sent me on my way rejoicing. All the next day I jogged on steadily. An Estcourt. wneii 1 had still 60 miles to cover, it began to rain, and the rest of the journey was through a deluge. I don't wish my worst enemy a more damnable spell than the one 1 had between Uowick and Alaritz burg. 1 had borrowed a vehicle, for my leg liad swelled too big to ride. It was pitch dark; the track lay over a mountain, and the mud and blush averaged a foot deep. 1 don't know how often tliut "spider" and I rolled over together in the mud. It went over me several times. Often I lost the road, and only regained it by luck. I walked for more than half the distance (14 miles), and reached Maritz burg, at length, about 9 o'clock, more dead than aiive, Having done the 170 miles irom Landman's Drift in 35 hours without a halt for longer than half an hour. I was pretty well played out, for, from 4 a.m. on the 4th till 2 ajn. on the Bth—a period of 94 hours —I had only six hours' sleep. 1 was such a spectacle of filth and rags [ that they would not at first allow me iuio the Marftzburg Hotel, and when I crawled round to the officers' mess one of the oldest friends I have hi the world didn't know me from Adam. Cecil iiussell gave me champagne, and I fear it went to my head. TO ARCHIBALD FORBES. His mortal life two equal passions swayed: Gifts d the eword and pen his hand combined: Upon his brow a double wreath be laid, The soldier's and the scholar's close (entwined. 