The Prodigal's Beturn. (By " Wanderer," in the ' Adelaide Observer,') In the library of an old bnt picturesque mansion situated in one of tbe Midland Counties.cf England sat an elderly gentleman engaged io tbe perusal of a letter. Tbe furni ture and general appearance of the apartment srere in keeping with the stately appearance of tbe rest of the building, which evidently dated back to a period antedating tbe Elizabeth an. Certain it is that the Courteoays had lived at Courtenay. Chase from time immemorial, the name having been passed on from a follower of William the Conqueror, who had married the Saxon heiress of the Chase, and thuB became possessed of goodlr i-herit&nce; by .more pcscr ful motboiii) than usually obtained i» those sii:ring times. Tho present bead of the family, Gerald Ererton Courtenay, was an irascible but thoroughly loveable old maD, whose chief fault was an obstinate persistence in sticking to any idea which might find lodgment in his mind. Let him once be firmly petsuaded that black was white, and all the evidence in the world would be impotent in bringing about an alteration in his belief. Beyond this he was o most indulgent father, treat ing bis only son and daughter not alone as his children, but as dear friends. Just now, however, anger site upon bis brow, and be mutters as he reads certain expressions which are far from being parliamentary. 'Tbe confounded youugscamp! To ; tbink a eon of mine could be guilty of such conduct! I wouldn't have j believed it if it were not for tbe, evidence of the girl herself. This j letter of hers, which her father en- j closes in his, is proof positive. And the young scoundrel deserted her | too! That makes tbe business even ! blacker. He sball account for bis conduct, by Jove! he shall, or else cease to be a son of mine.' Then, walking to tbe bellrope, he pulled it savagely. •Send Mr. Lionel here at once, Simon,' said Mr. Courtenay, when the servant answered the bell. The man bowed and withdrew silently, and in a few minutes quick, brisk footsteps were beard approaching the library door. ' Well, Pater, what is itf exclaimed the new-comer, a stalwart, bright-1 faced youngster of twenty, with a trace of his father's temper in his strong square jaw. I ' I have only now fouud out that! you are n contemptible blackguard,' said the elder man, ' and I have summoned you to give an account of yourself.' 'I! a blackguard! Father, are you mad ?' Or are you only joking? If so, I must say it's rather a peculiar jest.' 'Joking, sir ! What do you mean?' burst out Mr. Courtenay. ' Are you going to odd lying to' your otber accomplishments ? What have you done with Lucy Graham P Oh, that j my son should bring each disgrace { upon an old and honoured name!' ' See here, father,' broke in Lionel, 'begin at tbe beginning, and let me know of what I am accused. F can see something has happened to annoy you, but upon my honour, I don't know what it is, and, as for Lucy Graham—well, I haven't spoken a dozen words to her since I've been back from Cambridge.' Bead those letters, and tben deny yonr guilt if you can,' roared the other, thrusliug some closely written sheets into the young man's band. Lionel leaned back in bis chair and began the perusal of the crabbed writing, nor was it long ere be showed plainly that his temper was being sorely tried. At length he finished, and, banding tbe letter back to his father, said— ' All I can say is that there is some mistake, or else some conspiracy against me. Surely you can't be lieve me guilty of such diabolical conduct! If I bad enticed tbe poor girl from ber borne, be sure I would never have deserted her. And this letter, purporting to come from her, in which she blameB me for her down fall—do . you know, father, I don't think Lucy ever wrote that letter. There's something about the affair that I can't understand, but 1 swear most solemnly that I am innocent.' You are a liar I' exclaimed the old man hia face distorted by passion. • Leave my house this instant, and never dare to cross its threshold again. I have no aon now. Had you confessed and shown that you were genuinely aorry for your misdeeds, I might have pardoned you, but a liar I can never forgive.* . Lionel's faoe grew pale as death, ar d, starting from his seat, he strode inwards his father with clenched fists. The old man rose to meet him, and it ! ■ hard to say what might not bare c.oarred had not the library door opened at that very moment to admit a young lady, most becomiugly garbed in dark-blue riding habit aud tall bat. • Lionel! what on earth is keeping you ? The horses will dig their graves in the grarel if we keep them waiting much longer,' Then noticing the stern faces and constrained attitude of the two men, she exclaimed— ' Father! Lionel! How strange you look ! and how fiercely you glare at each other! Ob, whatever is wrong t' ' My father has just honoured me by telling me that I am a scoundrel and a liar,' replied the boy hoarsely, ' and such language I will stand from no man!' And again he advanced threateningly. ' Ob, Lionel 1 would you lift your hand to our father ?' cried the girl* rushing forward and seizing her bro ther's arm. ' For shame! What has come to youF And you, dad, what has Lionel done to make you say such bitter things to bim ? ' Nothing fit for you to listen to, my child,' answered Mr. Courtonay. ' It is enough that you should know be is no longer my son, or fit to as sociate with you. Leave the roam, sir,1 to his son,' and let me never see or hear of you any more. You stay here, Maud,1 as the young girl moved to accompany her brother. ' I forbid you to hold any communication with such a person as that1—pointing to the departing youth. When he reached the door Lionel turned, "all traceB of anger banished from faiB face, and said— ' I take you at your word, sir, and I swear I will never speak to you again till you acknowledge the injus tice you have done me. As for you, Maud, I thank you from the bottom of my heart for comiog so op portunely. Had you not come be tween us I might have had to reproach myself with having committed an as sault on an old man, but now my mind is easy. I have done no wrong, as will be proved some day; until then I can got my own living. Good bye ■!' Next moment the door closed behind him, and father and daughter were left gazing at one another, an uncomfortable feeling already be. ginnisg to ateal over the former that be had been guilty of a great mistake, if not injustice. It was night in far western Queens* land. Overhead ahone millions of Btars glittering with a brilliance never seen in cold notbern latitudes. Clnmps of dark scrub surrounded a bare ex panse of clay pan, on which was camped a large mob of cattle, Fires piled up with fallen brushwood glowed' at various points around the herd, the leaping flames flashing back front many a mottled hide and full glisten ing eye. A hundred yards or so to the rear stood a couple of tents and j a dray, uear which, around another fire, sat some eight or nine men en joying the drover^ chief meal—supper —while uear by could be seen the night horse, saddled aud bridled io readiness for the mau who took first watch. ' We're goin1 to have some weather to-Dight, lade, if I'm not mistaken,' said an elderly man with grizzled beard ' and deeply tanned face, who, from the fact^of his having a campstool to j sit on, was evidently some one in authority. ' The clouds started bankin1 up there to the west'ard just on sun down, an1 it's easy to prophesy what that means this time o' year. You1!! j want to keep a'good look out, Charlie, | an1 if you think they're goin' to get the better o1 ye, call me or Jim there. It takes more 'n one man, do matter how good he may be, to handle a thousand head of cattle when they break.1 1 All right, Boss,1 answered the man addressed as ' Charlie,' rising from hie I sent near the fire. 'It's time I vrs.l| oat and let Jici- come to bis lei. I'll call you, Decer ftar, if there's aoy necessity.' It would have been difficult to recognise in this brown and bearded I stockmsn, garbed in regulation moles and leggings, tbe young exquisite v ho bore the reputation of being the bpst J dressed man of bis time at Cambridge, yet they were one and the sa-ae. j Lionel Courtenay, after leaving hie father's house, bad stayed in Loudon only long enough to bay a few neces saries for tbe voyage, and then em barked bb a steerage passenger in one | of tbe P. & O. steamers running to |Sydney. Arrived iu Australia he foond, like many others, that without influence or letters of introduction it was well-nigh" impossible to get a decent billet, so he expended bis last few pounds in a ticket to Rockhamp ton, where he had the good luck to be engaged by a drover who bad just delivered a mob of cattle and was on his way west for another. Being a good horseman, with any amount of pluck, and witling to learn, he soon won both the friendship and approval of bis boss, and mates, and tbe free open life with its daily changes drove all the bomeeiekenees out of his mind. He had been over a year with his first employer, during wbicb time not a word had reached him from borne, and he began to think he was really forgotten. And indeed, now that the wrench or parting from all tbe old associations was over, he was surprised to find how easily he bore his altered conditions. At times he felt quite glad that things had turned out sb they bad, otherwise he would never have known anything of this strange, exhilarating life. * All right, Jack,' be said as he rode up to the horse-tailer, who had been patrolling round the mob while the men supped, « you can go iu now. The Irish stew's first rate, and the duff's better.' «Strike's me you'll be in a bit of a stew yourself afore very long,' growled the other. ' All night job again, I s'pose, when that joker comes up,' □oddiDg towards tbe dense black clouds which overspread the western horizon. |' This bloomin' game ain't what it's cracked up to be, that it ain't; draggin' men out o' their buuks in the middle o* the night to chase bally scrubbers has gets scared by their own shadders. Well, I'm off. Look out for yourself if they break, an' don't go ridin' straight across the lead or they'll pulverise you io one act.' Charlie' laughed cheerily as hie mats ambled off campwards> ' Jack thinks no one knows anything about droving but himself,' he solilo quized, ' He's a good old sort, though, rough aB he is. Heigh-ho ! round and round ; it is a bit wearisome when the freshness wears off, bur, there, one must make a living somehow, and this is about the only thing I'm fit for—in this country, at least. By jo»e ! that storm's coming up at a great bat! Whoa! steady there, yon idiots! the thunder won't hart you!' as a low, ominous growl from the horizon sent the mob huddling together as if to combine againBt a common foe. ' Steady 1 whoa back ! you spotted devil! By Jupiter they're off. As be spoke there came a blinding stream of blue light followed instantly by a crash which aeemed to rend the heavens asunder. With one mighty bellow the maddened cattle burst all bounds and with a rush, irresistible *8 the Maelstrom, swept through the fringe of scrub and careered at full speed into the darkness. Charlie had no opportunity . to summon assistance, even if he had remembered in the excitement of the moment to do so. His horse, traioed to such work from its youth, was already beating him at full gallop alongside the flying - herd, fighting for his head, and stretching out as if it were bright daylight, and the rough, uu> even ground trere a smooth race track. Soon be is up with the !e«d«re, and then Charlie—or Lionel —roads a rfrave blunder. HiB blood ou fire with the joy of the mad ruth he forgot the warning he'bad received, and, bearing in on the leading bullocks, attempted to ride straight j acroes Bud block them then and there. Ae well try to dam Niagara with a saudbag! Down went o'd Hoany in a heap, half burying lie rider, and over them swept the living flood, horns clashing,' hoofs rattling, bellowing frantically at each fresh thunderclap. When they had paBsed therd remained- a jumbled heap, battered almost out of all resemblance to a horse, with a blood-bespattered sbirt just showing from underneath. But there were good men and fast horses left in the camp, and ere the rushing cattle bad covered two miles Long Jim and Black Dick bad wheeled them, and were 'ringing' them till more help came. The storm passed as quickly as it came, and by the time the mob had settled down again the sky was once more : cloudless, and brilliant with many j constellations. ' I wonder where Cbarlie hes got j to?' asked Long Jim, when the camp was almost in sight. 4 Ete must a' got bushed goio' after these brutes. But then old Roany wouldn't lose | himself. There's no fear of him leaviu' a beast while he had a leg to crawl on. Hallo! what's come to you?' as his horse shied violently at I something almost under his nose. ' By Ghost, Dick, here's the jpair of 'em, horse an' man, all rolled in a heap! Poor devil! How did be manage to do this?' As Jim spoke he spraDg from his saddle and stooped over what had been old Roany. Black Dick quickly joined him, and between them they roiled the dead horse off the still oad inert body of his rider. ' Poor bagger!' ejaculated Dick. ' Ho must a' cut right across the lead when they broke. Well, I'm daehed eorry for the boy. lie waa a blank dcehed good sort, if he rvae a eilvartail.'' A.ud Dick proceeded to relieve hia feelings after the time honoured custom of bull-punchers in general. 'Quit ewearin' an' oorae here, you fool,' broke in Jim. ' I believe 1 kin feel hie heart baatiu' yet! Yes, as sure ae I'm bound for glory, he's alive. Badly broke up, I'm afraid, but young bones soon mend. Give us ' a hand to lift him on to my saddle,' An attempt to earry out. this suggestion drew suoh a heartrending groan from Cbarlie that the men laid bim down again. 1 You Btay with 'him, Dick,' eaid j Jim, ' till I send the dray out. We'll bring bim easier that way.' And next moment the kind-hearted stockman was galloping campward, To give an acoount of all Charlie's Bufferings from the time be recovered consciousness till he found himself between oleau sheets and a comfort able bed in the Accident Ward of the Tambo Hospital would take up too muoh space. Onoe under proper treatment, serious though his injuries were, he mended with astonishing rapidity, and in less than sis weeks he waa able to hobble out on to the J verandah with the aid of a pair of orutohea. During hie convaleBoenoe he had many long obate with the dootor in oharge of the hospital, who oonld see with half an eye that I hie patient belonged to a different ] class from that among whioh the ordinary drover is found. Soon Charlie' grew quite confidential, and told Dr. M'Dooald hie name, | and most of his history. The worihy doctor sympathized heartily with the boy, and offered to lend 4tm enough money to take bim baok to England,: but' Cbarlie' refused,. 'No,* said he, 'I will never go ! back till my name is cleared, no matter how long it may be. I am grateful to you for your kind offer, though I oannpt aoeept it.' M'Donald tried hard to argue his patient out of this fcatno oi mind, but in vain, and at last gave it up as a bad job. One morning, about a week before the day on whicb • Charlie'had settled to leave the hospital', the doctor came running into the ward, bis face flushed with pleasure, and waving a copy oi the ' Observer,' over his head. ' Head this, you unbelieving Jew 1' he cried, shoving the paper iuto' Char lie's' hands. ' Head this, aud then acknowledge that I was right.1' «Charlie's' eyes sought the place marked by the doctor's finger, and this is what they saw. * Wanted, information concerning the present whereabouts of Lionel Oourtensy, of Courtenay Chase, shire, who left England in the s.a. India on the 22nd June, 18—, and was last beard of in Sydney three months later. All has been discovered, and his father eDtreats him to return home at once.' Lionel—to give him his proper name—looked up in a half-dazed fashion at the glowing face of bis friend. ' I told you it was all right,' cried the latter. « Now, you see, you must borrow your passage-money from me.' Lionel could only press the band stretched out to him. His heart was too full for words. Only now he realized how he loved his lather and tffe old home. A fitod of memories came over bim. and bia eyes grew dim with tears. The little doctor, seeing bow things were, wrung his band and went quietly away. Once more the scene changes to that in which we first met our hero. Father and son are sitting together, their hands clasped firmly, their oyes brimming over with love. Then Lionel hears how a cousin of his, the nest beir in the event of his disin heritance, committed the scoundrelly actions for which he was blamed, and how tfi't same cousin had forged the letter purporting to come from Lucy Graham, which was lbs chief cause of all the trouble. That recital finished, Mr. Courtenay listens with eyes wide open to Lionel's tales of stirring ad venture iu Queensland, and shudders when the story comes to the night of the rush, as he thinks how narrow was bis boy's escape. ' You have to thank poor old Hoany for ever seeing me again,' concludes Lionel. ' Had he not broken his neck when he fell, and thus lain perfectly still, forming a shield between me and those sharp hoofs, I would have been cut into ribbouB.' ' Then, God bless old Eoany, as you call him,' said Mr. Courtenay fervently. Many a bushman, remembering some supreme service done him by his most faithful friend, will—changing the name—also exclaim, ' God bless old Eoany-!' 