OUR PARIS LETTER. Politics, French and English. Exhibition Notes. Park, October 13; Drafts from tho South African army arc homing, which is the most conclusive proof that " the warfare is o'er." The anniversary of tho sending of the insult- ing ultimatum to tho representative of England — Sir Alfred Milncr — to with draw tho British troops, only mustering then 3,000 in tho colony, or accept war and so save them from being driven into .the sea, &c.;, has proved a popular patriotic peg to hang moralities upon. It is regrettable that so much of the sermonising was devoted to tho Boors, instead of to tho one great re sult their madness produced, making England and her colonies one, establishing in a word imperialism. To have achieved that result was worth the terrible cost. It has been a mag nificent lesson to tho foreigners who believed that English weulth and power would fall into their hands like ripe i medlars. Indeed, tho British Empire has eomc out of the fire rejuvenated, rejoiced at the change, and resolved not to be again caught napping. French opinion holds that Kitchener is tho man to complete the work of Roberts ; that he is more determined and resolved to make a quick finish with the sporadic ICrugers who fancy they can restore tho republics they ruined by their being allowed a free hand to ruin and to destroy. Tho hopo is expressed that Baden-Powell's police will not he long till they can go on beat. Thoy will exerciso a steady repression of all irreconcilablcs, and secure justice for all. Hunting down .guerillas must still exist for a little time ; the pursued will find that their boing run to earth involves an outlay that thoy themselves must per sonally pay. Forgiveness becomes daily more difficult to extend to thorn. In no cusc can it ho granted till all tho cannon be accounted for and tho stores of small arms, where not up to date, destroyed. Declining to send home any prisoners of war from St. Helena or Ceylon — ahout 16,000— ought to ho an accelerating factor to conclude penco. But the in surgents aro making a great mistako, if thoy conclude their fighting the impos sible now secures tliem either admira tion or pity. la continental circles tho impos ing triumph tho general elections havo given Lord Salisbury has created two holiefs — that the British Empire desires war, and that it will arm up ou a tremendous scalo, Tho rehashed plan of Franco, having tho intontion to bring out annually 22 new war vessels for tho « next five years, will only cause England n smilo, while justifying her to, expand lior armaments — if such were necessary. But Lord Salisbury is not a hysterical or emotional politician. He grapplos only with patent facts. Then Mr. Chamberlain is regarded with fec-fo- fum terror. He is accused of boing the cause of tho decision of England to bury tho had polities of tho past. That is a good compliment for Mr. Chamberlain, tho more so sinco that policy has the nation at its hack, and will gladly vote all tho money to put the army and navy iu order. At prosont these continental apprehensions mako Englishmen, who understand their country, laugh with tho tips of their lips at that scare. In any caso it has hed a wct-hlankct effect ou bubbling Anglophobists, who liavo no moans now ' to vent their hatred unci jealousy, savo \- ,;by working the old crunlc — tho rod hot patriotic praying machine, of inscribing their namo on tho sympathetic rcgistor before old Krugor's bust iu tho Trans vaal section at the Exhibition, and that .was . too contomptiblo'for any official ! notioo . to bo taken of by British authority. Impounding Kruger's stoleh gold at Lorenzo Marques, -.and:Val6o the Stato archives, rich in proofs of culpablo promises of nid from other nations — and purchased already to a la'rge dxtont- by England oro Uncle Paul -Qpuld snap all up — aro tho conso lations' England enjoys in return! There . will not bo many, opportunities to : eoalesce how against the British Empire by Franco and Russia, sinco Germany , shows For interests aro more than \- parallel with thoso of England, and tho United States oro materially important, 1 und something more- — the conduct of tho groat. States towards England ' .ipeed nevor 'oauso her anxioty.. Sho will '..provoke none of these countries, will ' . not try and steal a march on their land- marks; she aims to .havo and to hold — peace. Of course, in China, we narrowly survoy the action of the Count von Waldersee; he is the strong man of tho situation. He is watched as to how long the Chinese will bo able to practise their duplicity upon him. Ho very long hesitation, tho allies repeat. Then must come the movement for coercion. Tho Emperor will not return ; ho will delivor up Princo Tuan and his gang to he tried and executed ; hut tho allies cannot follow tho imperial court to its Pilgrim's llcst. If John Chinaman intends to fight ho must ho blockaded at once, eut off from receiving food supplies and war material, while tho cities on tho sua coast and all arsenals will ho captured. And what will happen next ? Endow tho effete Empire with protectorates. Take for granted that each nation has iu its mind's oyo its own selected pro tectorate. Russia has not stood upon any ceremony ; sho has captured the last city or stronghold in Manchuria. Of course tho other allies will take their Manchuria also; tho question of 'open or closed doors will not bar the way. And what, will England do? Look after her Ynng-tso protectorate, of course. No other solution is now possible. Lord Salisbury has not vet officially stated his policy. -That- will not prevent' other - allies' fretf" acting, provided thoy do not infringe on the British sphere of influence. Ho can hardly expect that Ger many will hold back till England makes up her mind. The only sound decision for Count von Waldersee to adopt is to go ahead with vigour, and, if the _ Emperor persist in not coming to Pokin, to act independently of him; not permit him to play any waiting gamo, or indulge in any tricks. The allies can guarantee his Majesty's safety; he must show ho is able to guarantee tho production of the rebels who perpetrated or connived at tho lato atrocities. It is for the allies to decido upon tho guilt of the accused, and to eco the offenders punished — tho right men in tho right place. When Prince Tuan is sur rendered that will he a proof of Chinese sincerity. The Indian summer is perfect. Franco has her " ice saints," but if she could only guarantee the. life of St. Martin and that of St. Luke, who pre side over tho dog days of October as well as of September, to continue in the discharge of their extraordinary and happy work, all would bo satisfactory. Tho temperature rose from 65 to 75 de grees Fah. in two days. Was it then not quite excusable for tho ex hibition official ballet to be executed by 700 performers on a gigantic raft in tho Seine— cool and roomy at once. Pro fessor Joubert, one of tho chief astronomers, states, documents in hand, that no such hoat as tho present has been witnessed in October for 150 years. Ho ought to bo listened to ; his observa tory at tho St. Jacques Tower, iu the Rue do ltivoli, is a great boon to ladies. For half a franc they, can ascertain in the morning whether the day will bo wot or dry, and so arrange thoir honnots accordingly. Fifteeu largo spots or holes, each as largo as tho earth, have been counted on tho surface of tho sun. That colundor accident can well account for Sol's internal heat straining out. There is nothing extraordinary,- thon, that thore should he a rush and orusli of visitors to Paris. Tho oloso of the exhibition promises to ho its gayest - phoso. That is a Thracian trait of manners— whoso people rejoiced at a death and mourned over a birth. Tho English are now streaming into Paris — proof that they view with indifference tho recent inter national had manners of the French. But, as Mrs. Malaprop says, for a lasting liking it is best to commence with a littlo aversion. Tho only damper on tho annals of tho big show is that it ..will close with a gigantic dofioit. Suoh adventures never puid, savo the only two' that tho English Govornment held.' Tho losses may help to : keep the memories of tho other world's fairs green. There is a decided hostility -by the exhibition concossionists, to making the commissions hoar sorao of the losses by reducing tho amount of the concessions ; to stir ' them into activo Good Samaritanism, they will, ho indicted for setting.' up as keeping mammoth lodging .houses, and bo bringing; the rate qf interest down. Only tho Stato is never! cast in damages'. The fine weathor has had for effect to destroy tho ghost- season that was so profitahlo to so many believers in spoor. It is difficult now to. run a haunted house; perhaps the: intense; heat is as hurtful to the ghosts' pre- sence as cook crowing. M. Desmoulin's is a caso where the spirits' are as Btrong as musoulor Christians. That gontlo- man is both an ongraver and an artist, and. tho bosom friend of Zola, by whoin ho stood during the stormy days of tho DreyfuB persecution. Dosmoulins scoffed at _ tho " spcerits " ; they soon captured him ; they broke chains over his head — nover upon it— nnd raised tables and suchdomcsrac knick-knacks ashigh as the thirty-storiod house, about boing built in London. The ghosts at first could not mako him a better artist than what he was, a little practice and his " dry points " became things of beauty and j oys for. ever. Till the curtain falls on tho attraction at the Champ do Mars Paris will remain in holiday, attire till closing ho pronounced on November 6\. Why not adopt thos Kaiser's plan of giving three knooks — to mark time and tho commencement of the fete. His Majesty employed tho. three blows whon recently inaugurating tho Taunus, laying tho foundation stone of the Imporial Museum at Saolburg. It is th" -.classic means employed at all !! , ,hcb places of amusement in response to' the paradisaical demand to "up with the rag." Politics havo como to a pretty pass hero, when not even tho tail of any party can domand to lay siege to tho Ministry. If that ' continues, tho Government will remain in- office till tho Chinese Emperor returns to Pekin, or Prince Tunn's head figures on tho great wall of China. The exhibition causod all riotous factions to bury tho hatchet. Might not tho troubles in China bo utilised to a similar end? Much of the present calm is due to tho popularity of President Loubet; ho 'has no axo. to grind; he does aim at making tho republic republican, not as poor Carnot, make it aristocratic by doing " side," or gingerbread Napoleon- ism like unfortunate Faure. And suc ceeding in that task is one of tho net products of the exhibition. Ho entored upon office with a smashod hat and Bed Indian yells from Mohican politicians. To-day he is assured of a tomb in the Pantheon — for in tho midst of life we are in death. Ho had decorated M. Legrand, of tho firni Potel and Chabot, who so successfully catered for the Into banquet of 22,000 mnyors — not one of whom has died of the boa constrictor's repast, proof of its excellence. As it never rains hut it pours, the navy has been made as happy as the army officers. Henceforth both will not bo compelled to indulge in tho " catching an heiress" business in order to merit permission to marry. They can woo and wed like common mortals, tho supporting of a wife oing loft to their own responsibility. Tho services relinquish tho selection of brides. But the officers aro expected to do nothing that would reflect on the cloth. Automobilism has now to compete with ballooning as a pastime. Until tho balloons can bo steered they cannot convoy passengers, letters, parcels post matter, or work Maxim guus. Tho international balloon racing programme is: Mount as high as you can — 9,000 yards is tho sky lifeline — und go as far as .you can, to Poland, Pekin, tbo Pilgrim's Best, or anywhere else. Gomte clc Vaulx floated to Ku6siifn. Poland some days ago in his aerial eraft the Centaur. He has just returned to Paris, and is starting for another spin — tho balloons spin round when voyaging. Being wealthy the count is able to inflate with pure hydrogen gas — makes it himself; it is costlj, but very light, and less dangerous than the ordinary coal gas. But it docs not belong to tho " laughing " variety. It is no joke in any case to hang in the air by such a reed. 