OCCASIONAL PAPERS. PRESENT-DAY TASTES. PLAYS AND BOOKS. By ALEXANDER SUTHERLAND. As an Australian who had been absent from the old country for fully 30 years, and had retained, therefore, only a boyish re collection of it, I landed in the literary centre of our race with no little sense of expectation. I had nurtured no Utopian ideals, for in Australia, month by month, we have every opportunity of fairly gaug ing the literary output of each year. But I must confess that I was scarcely prepared for the depressing signs of impoverished taste that was in store for me. London still was in associations the city of Thackeray and Dickens and George Eliot; of Macaulay, Carlyle, and Ruskin; of Lamb and Hazlett and Matthew Arnold; of Brown ing, Tennyson, and Rossetti; and while I realised that none of those now writing could in any degree be supposed to fill their places, yet I was scarcely prepared to find a London in which De Rougemont should be the great literary celebrity of the day. Such he undoubtedly was when I reached the world's metropolis. To be unversed in the adventures of the great Munchausen of Australia was to be practically out of it in the most vivacious parts of literary conversations. Everybody talked of him. In city offices, in suburban homes, at the tables of grave professors, as surely as the conversation came round to literary topics, so surely did it centre round the liusband of the imaginary Yamba. The craze, no doubt, passed over in a year or so, but while it lasted the crowds that thronged the halls wherein he lectured, and the hun dreds of thousands who rushed for copies of the "Wide World Magazine," suggested how silly it is for anyone to wish to be a Lecky or Gardiner, or William Watson, and to fortify himself by hard labour for being such, when, with a little cheek and persuasiveness, he can without labour be come a De Rougemont. DE ROUGEMONT. One day I met the much-adventured Swiss. He was extremely amusing, and formed a diverting study of simple self complacency. He told me-and who should know better?-that he had made of Yamba the most immortal woman that had ever lived. At first I thought he said the 'most immoral woman,' but that was only his imperfect English. He was very indignant at the fuss that bad been made over his allusion to those "flights of wom bats" that had darkened the air. Anyone could see, he said, that this was merely a printer's error; he had written "bats," and the printer had inserted the "wom." Funny men, these printers! But that thin, * eager man, with the sunken eyes, tanned and glistening cheeks, and corru gated neck, beguiled an hour or two quite pleasantly with little bits of artless hum bug, full of transparent simplicity, and ren dered delicious by the broken Lnglish and the unbroken self-satisfaction. He was unable to find adequate words for his dis gust at the "Daily Chronicle" and its "so called exposure." He was especially bit ter as to the ridicule it had made of his turtle-riding episode, and assured me that he had offered to take a wager of a hun dred pounds --that in the Westminster Aquarium he would guide a bare-backed turtle through the water, as he had de scribed; by putting his great toe now in one eye, now in the other, of the big chelonian. What a chance was there missed for the sight-seer! Oh, that the "Daily Chronicle" had accepted the offer, or, rather, that it had ever really had the chance! All London would have flocked with their half-sovereigns to have seen this aquatic buck jumper! Of course, it would be foolish to take all this popularity too seriously. De Rouge monts must live, and when they see a chance of living well, it is well they should live; and it is equally well that people should have something pleasant to talk of. And the popularity of these passing crazes is, unlike Yamba, neither immortal nor im moral. But to me it seemed as if this frivo lous taste on the part of the public was characteristic of most that I saw in Lon don. Art of all sorts is-at present in the main given over to frivolity, or, rather, it would be more accurate to say that, while there is a very considerable body of art literary, pictorial, musical, and theatrical that is manly, and actuated by ideal aims, yet the art that is fashionable, the art that pays and attracts the people in crowds, is generally upon a very ordinary and often a contemptible level. LONDON THEATRES. If the reader is as cautious as I am my self when I read such diatribes as these against the taste prevalent in one's own age he will no doubt be inclined to take these sweeping assertions with a liberal sprinkling of salt. But if his standard of taste is Fairly high, and he were to drop in evening by evening for a month or two among the London theatres, he would, I think, give even stronger voice to his sense of disappointment. For the general taste would probably seem to him deplorably childish. There are. I am told, 146 places in London licensed for theatrical entertain ments. In such a crowd, the unsophisti cated stranger would imagine that almost any night in the week he could see some where or other a fairly good performance of Shakespeare. And yet during my 10 months in London six nights of "Hamlet" and six of "Macbeth" made the total, and though they were respectable enough per formances, they nowhere showed the least touch of genius. There was for a week in an outlying suburb a very pretty perform ance of "Midsummer Night's Dream, of the semi- spectacular order. But, all told, there was only one performance in 2,000 that was devoted to the rendering of that poetic drama in which our English litera ture so easily excels all others. As a mat ter of fact, Shakespeare is ten times as often performed in Berlin or in Hamburg as in I am not at all one of those who would run the Shakespearian craze to death.' Hkving already seen on the stage some 25 out of his 38 plays (the rest being for one reason or another unsuitable for modern audiences), and having seen all the finest ten or a dozen times, I have little wish to see them over again, unless with a cast that will do them as well as the best I have already seen. Once an ideal is fixed, it is best to let-it remain an ideal It is never, well to have it vestied and spoilt by subsequent incompe tehee. Iffijwt ** my taste, "Romeo and Juliet" very ill-per formed,,would make more rational satisfaction, "* however still see at < old healthy type, such Boys," or be nothing to complain of. During my stay in London, however, there was very little opportunity of that sort. A short revival of "Sweet Lavender," and one new play of this healthy sort by Conan Doyle, called "Halves, made the only cases in a desert mostly rubbish. And Conan Doyle's work was too sweet a thing to be born into that desert. It tried for a fort night to bloom, and then shrivelled up. In other words, it was played about a dozen times to half- filled houses, and then was withdrawn, whilst near at hand the people were standing in long queues on the pave ment of the Strand to make sure of a seat in crowded theatres wherein the only en tertainment offered was vulgar trash. For the great tide of London playgoers night by night sets in towards deplorable stuff like "The Belle of New York." Inane, puerile, and with a touch of lowness in it, nevertheless it has filled the Shaftesbury Theatre for some 600 nights, and, in spite of its owner's undisguised contempt for it, has proved to him a perfect gold mine, better than a little Rand. You notice a crowd besieging a yet unopened theatre door. Be sure that they are clamouring to see one of those dramatic gems, "What Happened to Jones," or "Why Smith Left Home," or some other of these bana lities which during the last twelve months have enjoyed phenomenal runs. I have no wish in any -way to restrict the forms in which other folks find their amusement, nor any feeling of cynicism at their expense. If audiences like this stuff, it is at least harmless, and when the cares and toils of the day are over they are en titled to brush away the cobwebs with whatever they find to be most useful for that purpose. At the same time, one may regret that men and women should be so childish in their tastes. For these plays have only the same relation to drama that the Deadwood Dick stories which delight very small boys have to real literature. But we should flatter the average taste a great deal if we imagined that "The Belle of New York" or such productions fathomed the depths of Loudon predilec tions. These are at least harmless, except for a tendency to vulgarity. But there are tens of thousands of well-dressed and ap parently educated people who every even ing spend their half-sovereigns a-piece for admission to gorgeous music-halls, wherein the chief attraction is the patter song or the topical ditty, vile in its verses, low in the suggestions of the accompanying ac tion, and unredeemed by a ghost of melody or a charm of music. The prices of admis sion to all places of entertainment in Lon-J don are on the average about twice what, we pay in Melbourne, and, with the excep tion of classical music, I verily believe that in the long run the standard of the average entertainment is below that which we en joy out here. Of course, it requires a wide experience and a well-balanced mind to draw these comparisons and draw them fairly. I am only giving the personal im Eressions of one who expected something etter. REIGNING FAVOURITES. And I am quoting the theatrical taste as being an indication of the taste in gene ral, and of the literary taste in particular. Guy Boothby and Marie Corelli are the reigning favourites, and there are tens of thousands of educated people who speak of them as if they had in point of genius left far in the rear such old fogeys as Thacke ray and Hawthorne, so conspicuous for their want of up-to-date smartness. There are several scores of successful writers, men who attain the level of competent me diocrity, but are revered as great geniuses by their own special circles. I met a num ber of these. One was a bright little fel low, but all the othertsseemed to me either preposterous humbugs, or else artists of that mercantile soul whose only test of art is the number of copies sold. Fortunately, amid the millions whose tastes incline them to read work of this sort, there are in England thousands who can appreciate better work, and men like J. M. Barrie and Conan Doyle and George Meredith obtain an adequate hearing, though with circulations far below those of mere nobodies who contrive to hit some special class of tastes, such as the Sunday school, or the young miss, or the sporting taste. And there is a good solid body of those who find their main delectation in the pages of the standard authors. But their number is very slender when com pared with the army of those who read the most utter trash. For we must re member that though such periodicals as the "Windsor," the "Wide World," "Pear son's," "Cassell's," and so on. attain to only a very moderate standard from a literary point of view; yet they are as aristocrats; yes, as very princes, in com parison with the great mass of the people's magazines. We never see or hear of these: yet they swarm in hundreds. A printed list of their names fills quite a pamphlet. If it is asked how it comes that with a steadily-increasing body of the better class taste, there should be a general decline in the average taste, I can only suggest that, as the board schools every year turn out something like a million pupils, able and willing to read, but with little vestige of true culture, the sum total of reading mat ter that is required has greatly increased, while the publishers are finding it more and more a difficulty to reach the cultured minority that is so much swamped by the uncultured. And the publishers I met in London, without exception, complained of the increasing uncertainty as to the taste of the public, and the increasing difficulty of catering for a small body of cultured readers in a mass of the uncultured. One Eublisher, among the six leading firms in London, told me that it was all a lottery. In the last three years his firin had never once gauged the public taste in the matter of novels. It had published many, but all those which had been reckoned of real merit had failed,while the only one genuine success, from a business point of view, which had redeemed the failures, had been a piece of fantastic eccentricity. High-class firms, after having declined such books as the "Yellow Aster" or "The Mystery of a Hansom Cab," require the consolation of a little philosophy, when these afterwards turn out to be profitable speculations for other people. The publishers are a good deal paralvsed by the prevailing uncer tainty. One firm after another declared that "Ships that Pass in the Night" had something attractive in it, but declined it on the ground that it was not the sort of thing the public would take to. After it had been hawked round every publishing house in London, one of them made a half-con temptuous offer of twenty-five pounds for the copyright, which "was accepted, and the book jumped into immediate success. On the' other hand, publishing houses some times too readily conclude that the public taste will be favourable. Conan Doyle is fairly popular, so that a first-class and him £8<°o° for his "Tragedy of the Corosco"; but ' it £4,000 of its'money in all, thus caUsed tends to _ publishers cautious about pro-j iaie to the prevailing taste, even in the case of a well-established writers RUDYARD KIPLING. At present the most prominent feature of English literature is the enormous ascendancy of Rudyard Kipling, and his huge popularity emphasises the feeling I have just described. For at present he enjoys a vogue equal to that of Tennyson and Dickens combined, though it would be an ill-balanced partisan who should de clare that he is really the rival of either. Kipling is probably the most incisive writer of English that the century has produced, and in his mental quality there is a some thing virile and direct that stirs the hearts of us all. But I scarcely think that he has, as yet at least, made for himself any abid ing place in English literature. In English history his name will long be enrolled as the man who, when the Imperialistic fer vour was growing hotter and hotter, came to bring it to the boil. He has given voice most opportunely and in the most telling manner to the national sentiment, and his work is the best possible of its class. But it is not of a high class. It is true he catches, better than any one of our cen tury, the tone of the old English ballad, and that a strong, whiff of true poetry comes from some of his verses. But his popularity rests on a style of work that ranks no higher in literature than Sir Arthur Sullivan's attractive operas rank in music. These may, perhaps,have given a greater body of enjoyment than even Schu bert's songs have yielded, but they by no means lift their composer into the region of the immortals. Rudyard Kipling's im- mense popularity is therefore no certificate to the adequacy of English taste. For his work will in half a century be regarded as having been splendid for its purpose, but as wholly ephemeral, and of very inferior artistic quality. Nothing better in the cir cumstances could be written than the "Absent-minded Beggar," and it has, just at this juncture, a certain capacity of bit ing which makes it the delight of every sort of reader; but it is no more to be re garded as high-class literature than a Sal vation Army address is to be regarded as high-class eloquence, even though it sways to wild enthusiasm a vast hall, full of people. Kipling is, indeed, the laureate of the hearts of the English people, and who is there that would not envy him that proud position? Yet, after all, the melan choly reflection intrudes itself that he is rather an inadequate successor to the author of "In Memoriam" and the "Mort d'Arthur." Even Kipling's success, there fore, makes me suspect that in England's taste the old earnestness has given place to a demagogic frenzy, the old music to a new jingle, and the old artistic form to an inartistic appeal to the gallery. 