[By the Vagrant.] For alleged foul riding in the Two-year-old Handicap at Warwick Farm on Saturday the jockey S. Callinan was disqualified for twelve months. ? Callinan had the mount on Numidia. Mr. John Mayo's luck is dead out. Whilst run ning in his colours in tho Pace Welter at Warwick Farm, Fata Morgana fell and broke hor neck. Tlie mare was leased by Mr. Mayo from Mr. H. C. White. Mansour, the horse that ran third in tho Grand Prix of Paris in 1S94, and came in only a length and a half behind Matchbox, who was sold for .£15,000, is now pulling a public cab in tho streets of the French capital. Mr. E. Keys' two-year-old gelding by Ruenalf, from Lady Hastings lias been named Harold. There woro, however, two horses of that name running last season, one being by Sir Oliver and the other by The Englishman. ThejMana horso Gunbar recently sent to India from hero is now trained by Fred Gerard, who some years back was so. fine a horseman that he was dubbed ' the Archer of tho land of rice and rajahs.' Gerard, by the way, is an old Mnitlander, but it is a long timo since I saw him. Mr. W. Glasscock has received a letter from his brother, Mr. Arthur Glasscock, who is in India, in which the writer expresses a high opinion of the chance of Stand Off for the Vicoroy's Cup. He stages that Stand Off is doing good work ; while Dewey, he further mentions, is vory sore. Barney Allen, the well-known bookmaker, is said to havo won tho greater portion of ,£4000 on Forbes in the Austral Cycling Handicap, and with Barney's big draws over the victories of Ampier, Ingliston, and Clean Sweep it must be acknowledged that he has had a wonderfully pleasant season. ? R. Lewis, who won the A.J.C. and V.R.C. Derbies on Malster, rode in a hack race, worth 3 sovs , at j Lancefield last week. He had tho mount on Petrel, j who, though I10 started favourite, was beaten rather comfortably by Ivy. It would be interesting to learn what was Lewis' riding fee for tha race in question. ? ? One of the Welsh ponies, a stallion, recently im ported by Mr. H. C. White, is to go to Mr. J. C. White, of Edinglassio, aud Mr. E. R. White, of Merton, is to receive a very good looking and high caste Arab stallion. The Welsh pony is a brown, under 14 hands, a fine dashing mover, and has trotted 14 miles in 43 minutes. Mr. W. Bradford's colt Omadhaun, wlio was gelded after tho V.R.C. Spring meeting, died a few days ago. Omadhaun was a very promising two-year-old. He was by Gossoon (imp.) from Wheel of Fortune, (dam of Warpaint) , and was a member of Mr. P. T. Heywood's team. Omadhaun realised 210 guineas when sold as a yearling in Sydney. Wild Olive, a mare who continues to run exceed ingly well in all sorts of company on Victorian courses, was foaled in 1891. Sho did not run as a two-year-old, and only twice as a three-year-old, yet she has started 114 times, winning on 18 occasions. It will be interesting to watch Wild Olive's career if ever she goes to the stud, where it is probable her exertionsjunder silk will tell on hor, as it has done on many old performers. It will come as a surpriso to many people to learn that at a mooting of the committee of N owcastlo Tatter . sail's Club held last week Mr. W. H. Mackay, his horse Privateer, and the jockey George Champion wero oach disqualified for six months, for an unsatisfactory display in one of the events at the recent race meet ing of tho club. Mr. Mackay intonds to appeal to the Australian Jocicey Club, so that further com ment on tho affair would be out of place. ' Mr. J. Barnard, Storekeeper, Tonterfield,' who drew Standard in ' Tattersall's' sweep on Newcastle Tattersall's Cup, is no other than our old and genial friend, Joe Barnard, who some little time resided portion of his time at Tauiworth and Maitland, and who is well known to racing men as an excellent amateur liandicapper of the gee-gees. Unfortunately Joo has to share his ' poultice' with two partners, but .£1500 each is a nice little Christmas box. ' 'Appropos of the alleged ' doping' of horses by certain American trainers, a recent edition of London i Punch sported a cartoon, Racing Up-to-date' — a race horse with a tiny jockey perched on his neck. The ( trainer (giving instructions), 'Now, this horse is as fit as chemicals can make him. You've got a gal vanic saddle, an 'felectTic whip, hypodermic spurs; and if you can only shin a bit further up his neck, you ought just to lick anything with hair on it.' L. Reiff and S. Loates aro having a neck-and-neck struggle as to which shall havo won most races by the end of tho English racing season, first one aud then tho other forging one or two ahead. At the time of writing RoifY heads Loates by two wins, but on averages he is ever so much more to tho good, being second by only the merest shade to Sloan. With D. Mahcr third on the averages, and J. Reiff fourth wo havo the first four places held by , American jockeys. At a meeting of tho Canterbury Park stewards on ; the 19th inst., ' the Rejoice case' was re-opened in 1 obedience to a request said to have been made by ? W. Miller, the Rosehill trainer, who figured in the racobook as the owner of Rejoice at the timo she was ; disqualified, together with the jockey L. Want. '{ When the penalty was imposed on that mare, the ij stewards left it an open question as to which Miller — S. or W. — was to share in the disqualification, and as AV. Miller failed to appear disqualification was ordered to be enforced against him, the stewards maintaining that no othor course was open to thom. i It was with deep disgust that somo people heard rocently that tho Prince of Wales had engaged the I American jockey, Tod Sloan, at a big fee to do his riding next season, and thoy groaned dismally that now indeed was tho triumph of tho invaders com plete when they had Royalty as their patron. How ever, tho Jockey Club regarded Sloan -with an eye of disfavour and refused him a license. Now we learn that the Prince has fallen back upon H. Jones, who steered Diamond Jubilee to victory for him in the Two Thousand Guineas, Derby and St. Leger, and tho Welsh lad has again been retained. So that he will not have to oat tho leek after all. The Sydney sportsman, Mr. T. G. Muir, who a few months back took Parthian, The Tola, Fifesliire, and Sweetheart to England, has already boon successful ?on tho English turf, although not with his Austra lian horses. Soon after reaching tho old country I10 purchased several thoroughbreds, among them tlie American-bred Inishfrce, for whom ho gavo 620 guineas after ho had won a .£100 selling plate. Inishfree was at that timo the property of Mr. Frank Gardiner, another whilom Australian. Mr. Muir has since tlio purchase landed two good races witn Inishfree. Mr. Muir intends giving Parthian and his equine companions overy chance of becoming acclimatised before asking thorn serious questions. , An English critic is of opinion that tha system of training adopted by tho American trainers has more to do with the success of thoir horses than ' doping.' The writer says that tho constant daily routine of muddling galloping, swathed in heavy clothing, from ono year's end to anothor, so generally, practiced by English trainers, is certainly not calculated to im prove tho Bpeod of a horso. As a matter of fact, it is ' pretty certain to impair it, and this is where the American trainors have the great pull over thoso of tho old country. Tho Americans do not train thoir horsos in their races ; thoy train them at home, and ?srhonover they give them good gallops they aro not swathed and bandaged up like Egyptian mummies, but are stripped. Ho concludes with tho remark that if English trainors prepared thoir horsos in tho same natural rational manner as tho Americans, thoy 1 would bo able to compete with thom, and give thom , the ' doping' in. In regard to tho use of drugs and stimulants used internally as well as externally by means of a hypodermic syringe, tho statements made cause Americans to laugh, and to make slighting remarks about' the mental faculties of men who, in this en lightened ago, believe in ghosts and fairies. Ono gullible correspondent calmly assures the readers of a leading newspaper that tho preparation^ used by Americans to accelerate the speed of thoir horses smells like dead mice. As the only -rodents seen by Amoricans in this country havo been extremely lively, this critic must certainly havo ' smollod a rat.' Tho pungent odour exhaled from horses trained by Americans may bo easily ' accounted fsr, as nearly overy American trainer uses lotions or liniment, and many of tliern shampoo their horses after a hard trial or a race. When theso j animals run in races and are led baclc to the paddock, tho fact that they areiperspiring and heated causes tho odour of the preparation used to be plainly percept ible at a distance of several yards ; hence, a man who appears to be accustomed to strange and pecu liar odours has another guess, and should be given an opportunity to write another letter.' Tho death is recorded by tho Now 'iork papers of tho famous stallion Spendthrift, which took place rocently near Lexington at the stud of Mr. O. Chonault. Spendthrift, by imported Australian out of Anchorite, by Lexington, was foaled in 1870, and as a two-year-old lie never met with defeat. In his second season he was purchased by Mr. .T. R. ICoone, whose colours ho made famous by numerous suc cesses in important stakes in the Eastern States. Spendthrift was shipped to England by Mr.dfeene, and as a four-year-old he ran unplaced in Lucetta s Cambridgeshire. To distinguish him from Spend thrift, the property of Lord Calthorpe, he was known as American Spendthrift over here, but he was amiss most of the time, and became a bad roarer, taking part only in the race mentioned, for which he was ridden by Fred. Archer, and started at the extreme odds of 100 to 1. He never regained his form after his return to America, but at the stud lie proved a great success, siring such celebrities as Kingston (whoso son King's Courier recently won' the Don caster Cup, while Ballyhoo Bey, another' sou, se cured the 'Futurity'), Lamplighter, Bankrupt, and Pickpocket. These four of his sous alone won be tween them something like i!C!0,000 in shakes — not bad for the progeny of a ' bad roarer.' Here is something for breeding theorists to puzxle over : Spendthrift afflicted in his wind, and his son, Kings ton, very speedy, but not much of a stayer. Yet, 111 spito of those ' hereditary' (?) disabilities, King's Courier defeats Merry Gal and La. Roche, our two liauipion fillies, in the Doncastor Cup, a two-miles race. Mr. James Lowther, a prominent member of tho Jockey Club, wound up a letter on tho state of the tnrf in England as follows : — ' I- may in turn bo asked in what direction do I look for means of deal ing with the various evils of which complaint is mado, and the existence of many of which I freely admit, apart from what I regard as the exaggera tions by which the subject has beon in many quarters surrounded. My reply would be — (a) That owners of horses should assist the turf authorities by bringing to thoir notice any cases of suspicious running or misconduct of any kind that comes within their knowledge. (b) That handicappers should receive instructions to place additional weight not only upon horses whoso individual running has aroused suspicion, but also upon all other horses in tho same ownership or trained by tho samo person, (e) That greater pre cautions should be taken to exclude undesirable persons of whatever degrco from participation in turf pursuits in any capacity whatever. In this last connection I may remark that when tho system of licensing jockeys was first proposed it was regarded as a bold innovation by some of the more timid scnooj, and even now the liceuoing of trainers is only made applicable to those practising their calling upon Newmarket Heath itself, while managers aro under no control whatever, and owners of the shadiest antecedents are received, as a matter of course, with open arms. Tho Jockey Club must make up its mind to rid itself, of all vestiges of timidity in such respects, and so place itself_in a position to discharge effectually the public trust it lias undertaken.' The Now Zealand Government is sending to England a representative to secure stallions for a State farm, that, it appears, has been decided upon. It was mentioned somo time ago that a portion of tho totalisator tax money was to be used in this direc tion. Owners of mares will, it is expected, be able ?to secure tlio services of a stallion at a nominal fee. Thero is not much information as to what tho Government really intends to do. By the way is it not possible for the federated states to do something in a similar direction, but with this difference, that tho stallions selected should lie used in tho propagation of horses suitable for military remounts ? Men in tho host position to judge are almost unanimous in saying that the horses which have done best service in the prolonged Transvaal war were those sent over from Australia, for those who recovered from the hardships of tho trying voyage to African shores, and wero given anything like fair play, travelled faster, travelled farther, re mained sound longer, and wero more difficult to kill than any of their English, locally-bred, or American rivals. The dash of thoroughbred blood which may be found in the great majority of Australian horses was answerable for this, and that the remount and general utility horse can be much improved by in- | telligent selection of siro and dam and careful feed ing and tending is undeniable. Australia's wide stretches of land — hill and plain — npt fit for agricul tural pursuits offer plenty of scope for a national stud, and England, Germany, and othor powers which appreciate the value of cavalry and mounted infantry iu time of war will be ready buyers of all the States can breed. i Redlight, who won the Hurdle Race at Warwick Farm, on Saturday, for which Lemonade was favourite, is by Redcoat from Midnight, and seems to be pretty good. Redcoat is, I suppose, tho Golds brough horse of that naino who usod to rim about tho metropolis a few years back. Moravian and Lemonado were a bad second and third respectively to Redlight, aud as the stewards breathed a word of advice into Cunningham's little pink ear after the race Moravian's display may be regarded as unsatis factory. Stockwoood fell during the race and gave Fallon an opportunity of breaking some ribs. Mazza tina was regarded as tho best of good things for the Stewards' Mile, a shade of odds being laid on him, but ho never got a drum, and Cordon, by Gozo from Necklace, won by the length of a street from Habot, with Pluto's brother Robato third. It was subsequently stated that Mazzatina had broken down, which if true iB indeed unlucky for the horse's connections, as tho son of Aborcorn and Tempo was thought to havo a chance in tho Summer Cup second to none. Although Barbarossa has so far been a most terrible failure his full sister Numidia is con sistent enough, and tho daughter of Medallion and Algerino comfortably beat Loch Lochio and Miss Robinson in tho Two-year-old Handicap, but Callinan was so reckless in his riding that the stewards rose and sat upon him heavily. Some people aro apt to regard Queensland racehorses as very small ' pertnters' indeed, but that notwithstanding Boreas II., one of tho despised Bananalandora, was sorted out to wiu tho Warwick Handicap, and ho per formed the contract in nice stylo, boating Khaki, to whom he conceded 321b., by a length, with Loch Clieveden third. The winner is by Joe Abraham's old pet Littlo Bernio from Tho Nun, and is reckoned a smasher on his native soil. Zono was tho best of the fourteen runners in the Paco Welter, and he won easily from Gunnodah and Kalingo. I suppose tho inventivo genius who named tho winner never hoard of that othor Zono (by Goldsbrougli — Ava- lanche), who won tho Epsom Handicap iu 1887? This duplication of names, without rhyme or reason, is very annoying and the causo of many blundors now, so what will it bo years honco ? Tho A.J.C. should soo that the custom iB stoppod. 