HAUNTED LONDON. THE COCK-LANE GHOST. Doubtless if a chronicler could be found to unearth, the reports from among old newspapers, countless stories could be told of al leged hauntings of the type which is at the present juncture titillating West Kensington nerves, and giving the police a deal of extra point-duty in. Edith-walk. Nevertheless, the haunted houses in London which have achieved anything more than merely transitory and vulgar notice appear to be but few and far between; while of duly authenticated ghostly visitations the metropolis can boast prac tically nil. . Of course, what is still the most famous London ghost story, the notorious Cock lane affair of the last century, was a bogus spirit altogether. Almost everyone of us, young and old, has heard how cunning 'Fanny,' with her mysterious knockings, contrived to hoax the wonder-loving Londoners, until at length the cheat was discover ed, and its chief contriver brought to condign pun ishment. Dr. Johnson, at the head of a body of Bavatits, solemnly investigated the affair, sitting Up through the night of February 7, 1762, in the vault of St. John's Church, Clerkenwell; and Goldsmith wrote a pamphlet on the subject,. for which Newberry paid him three guineas. The whole was a plot, devised by one Parsons, the parish clerk of Stl Sepulchre's, and carried out by, his daughter, a girl of 12, the object being to 'malign a gentleman of Norfolk, who had sued liftn for debt. This gentleman was a .widower, who had taken his wife's sister as a mistress (the marriage being forbidden by law), and had brought/ her to lodge with Parsons, from whom he had removed her to other lodgings, where she . had died suddenly of smallpox. Parsons' object was to -obtain the ghost's declaration that she had been poisoned by his (Parsons') creditor. The knave was subsequently tried, and sentenced to the pillory and one year's imprisonment; but even after the exposure the London mob still be ' \ lieved in the Cock-lane ghost, and freely sub \- scribed for a testimonial to its originator. 