3&OA4;>3KIM'S GKKATEtt NEW I YORK LETTEii. The other night 1 sat thinking on beredi- 1 *ary traits' -that run through fcuiiiieti. 1 Oeneratioa after treneratimi-like straui> blood among our animal stock. Strains of blood that-never seem to determiiate or die, but grow stronger and uio^h pnweifiil vtitl^ the passing yeais. One of $be nipst pe.-u liar features of the hereditary cars? i« t<<at> it is seldom entailed ou more than oue : descendant at a time. There may a I Jwlf a duz«u hoys and gjiisju t"e family, lmt only through oue is the tuive trans- j lyitted. j I was led to this train of thought by j reading an account of the death o~ Lloyd I Aspinwall, who ended his miserabV. U'4 week, ^ wretched pauper, m tl\ . Metro pojitan Hotel. Hew was n man who y? is guaranteed the opportunity o.f a l«f« not. vouchsafed to one man ia, h, million. hut lie inherited the curse ^ he was the trans-mitter of his evil destiny from whicii there & \- ined no possible escape. So he van his c uiw find died. In the line of onr old biije bl"od Ihere is nothing older or better, Ifhan the Aspinwalls. They date their- ^iius to, mobility back to. the Involution, as oui .Knglish cousins do to those that chiiik over with William tb.e Conqueror. The «>ld merc^itilf' firm of Howland and AspinwaH, whose ships were seen on wwy sea g,ud TShosa names were synonymy f»>v honor ami probity in dealing a,mping men whenv^r civilization w^s known. Tley »y«'i"e the principal owners in the old Blackball Line, which carried tin* bulk of the immigration for- nearly forty years, when five or six weeks was considered a speedy passage between Liverpool apd New To- V When the elder A spin watt died, wh.Ot.in partner ship with Hou'landtlu)dbul the foundation of his family's fortune, he left kiiv<d a property valued at two, minions or dollar?,, which was equally divided among hi$ heirs, the grandfather of Lloyd Aspinwail ¥-3Ceiving for his s^re nearly thive hundred thousand dollars. Being of a thrifty and I Speculative tnnj fyi iuve&ted; largely in j upper New York. At his death bis son inherited a fortune a quarter of million of dollars. It did not take long tor the family to find out tha,t he was the inherit of of the Jamiiy enrs$*" 3Seva limti Uoyd Aspinwail made the lives of his rel-itives a burdent each day developing some new devilry. In gambling bouses, and bagnios bis fortune "was soon exhausted, % notorious actress receiving thousands of dollars. Xfcduced to beggary and avoided by the associates of bis former evil life, he was subjected to the bitterness of the most biting poverty, and when he had sounded all thj& dje^Jths, of misery another relation died, leaving him a quarter of a million. Again he plunged into a life of tbe- wildest dissipation. E very effort was made to save liim* bu,t. all in vain-. At last be forged his brother's #ime for a larg» SBS». audi famijly pride alone saved bim frem states prison. S&on; every dollar was gonet and be was reduced to. the condition of a beggar, and; hist week this poor, depraved, miserable wretcb died a pauper at- the Metropolitan Hotel. I looked over the. list of McAlister'is tour hundred and 1 discovered' that no family in that immaculate coterie had escaped. The Astors and Vandertnlts,. and hundreds of others: whom the worM esteems, have their share, ia our- common destiny.. .Tust at present we-are brought, to-a standstill by the struggle- between Labor and Capital, a curse that like- the ghost of B;inquo, will never go down.. A fight that need hardly look f»r its fa^iai arbitrament till the judg ment day. Once more- 1-ihor and capital stand face-to face in a battle that promises to.be. la out *ancet Thousands of men who are banded together by oaths and secret signs have quit their-usual work and ha Be made, their demands, the pemdJ-y-o# refttsal' from the present standpoint being life or death, A. representative lahnr declares to a re porter of the- New Ytook that if tb.e company attempts to run a cir the- motor man who- drives- the ear will he- killed, and that they axe determined v to lii3i JIS- many as will compel the company to. grant their demands."" Brooklyn but a short time ago was an- independent city with a- population of a uwllien people and is now-one- of' the five great boroughs lhat compose the-mag nificent city of New York wit h a population in excess of three millions, milking: it the Second great city in the-world. The quiet Sa.hbrt.tli «£ the Iflfch of July in the year of onr Lord" 1899' has.- been selected as the-day when labor puts forth its declaration of rights by which it is determined to- stand or- falli Within the last few weeks- trusts have been formed aggregating thousands of millions and capital' stands entrenched' on everj avenue ef human endeavor; but against this vast accumulation- of capital stands labor grim and determined^ issuing a pronuncii&menjo.; more terrible than that which the Assyrian king saw blazing, on the wall of his-banquet ball "mene-mene tekel! »pliarisn'^-thon-art "weighed in the- balance and found' wanting. There are rights- and wrongs on hoth sides:. Capital I<»oks for security of' its-ac cumulations and labor for its saiety of home- and life; It's a struggle that has *--een going on since- the commencement of time;- and now, when all trusts-are assum ing a definite foriHi labor, the most gigantic of them all. cries for a- halt. For labor stands as-the-representat-i ve of'tlie- A hnighty \--it is the- Creator. It takes the crude materials that the Almighty has given to the children, of men and fashions them into the millions of created things tbat exalt life and make it endurable-. On the other hand1 capital- lipids forth the rewards which labor wantsand! here -is the point where labor and capital should join hands, as each is absolutely necessary to the-existence of the other;. War- between them is to. be- dep'oredi, 