The Red Mass in London. When one enters the long, plain, narrow, chapel of SS. Anselm and Cecilia, in the Fields of Lincoln's Inn, and, peering from the gallery, Bees beneath liim the short wigs of the stuff gownsman, the full-bottomed head-dress and the silk robes of the Queen's counsel, and the ermine and lambswool of the upright judge, we know that he is attending the votive luaas of the Holy Ghost, invoking the blessing of the Divine Spirit upon the contentiones fori that the counsellors below may be fortunate enough to be engaged in during the ensuing legal year. The scene impresses the imagination (says N. P. Murphy in the "Dublin Freeman's Journal"), and the romantic story of the little chapel exacts the admiring homage of the historic mind. It was the chapel attached to the Embassy of the King of Sardinia, and for centuries, it had been the centre of Catholic interests in the very heart of the camp of the enemies of the faith. Even its privileged character as the place of worship of the Plenipotentiary of a foreign sovereign did not preserve it from the attacks of the rabid mob when the "No Pof>ery" fever seized its vitals. As soon as the bigoted shibboleth was raised, np rose the rabble, and the King of Sardinia had again to rehabitate the sacred cdi- It was a butt, a whipping-post, for the London mob in the Penal days. So soon as they had blown off steam by wrecking the chapel, they returned to their shops and their desks, until another fit of fanaticism drove them again in the direction of Lincoln s Inn Pields. In the year 1780 lord George Gordon stirred up the scum of London populace and gathered to his banner a multibnde of profligate and disorderly wretches, whom folly aad vice sdwtfys impel to supply the lack of industry by fcngand^ Thwe enthusiasti w« s- a^imat^ *>y » dread th£ their Roman^ Catholic feUow-dttfena ehould ppssesB the_same well as * - ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ L l t^ £ ^ T i ^ t ground. Ti«At «*/» J*friWe outbreak should have been allowed free exercise for days in a large and poptofcme city seems incredible, were the fact not considered that the Lord Mayor of London took not the Bi stlitest means fi> ^nell the- disturbance. But these things occurred long ago. Nowadays, though bigotry against Soman Catholics is still rampant, it chooses milder methods of exhibition, and the Clinrch of SS. Anselm and Cecilia, appropriately situated as it is amidst the nests of lawyers, in. augurates the opening of the legal^ear, without dread of a hostile mardfesta- ^ tion at its gates. This year one great red-robed fig 1 1 is conspicuous by ^ a W j ^ tunately it is an eternal absence, and one wonders where the man is to be found who can take his place, mu space left vacant is too large to be filled adequately by any man who at present practises at the English bar. Lord llussell stood out from all his compeers, a veritable Triton. His was the cloudy and lightning genius of the Gael. Perhaps amongst those young gownsmen ^ ^ ^ " . f o - R . w . - b . i . ^ s s e ^ s s rXr L thf front bench of that little ]Uttgo, in tne iron* ucnun oi chapel, let us hope, with the sa^e humble reverence ^ t c ^ * ™ ™ the child-like faith of the great legal paladin who is gone from amongst us. fhere was no Catholic judge this year to grace the red bench but Six James Mathew, than whom no better Irishman breathes. Amongst the assembled counsellors there was no lack of Jrisli- There were O'Connors and Murphvs anT'otbcr"'wnspicuous" Hibernian cognomina, who have apparently not for. gotten to carry with, them their devotion ?• to , n. their religion f-,™ from the Tola Island tiW of Saints, and shall we say, lawyers, the two terms not being necessarily synonymous. The practice of this religious service is not confined to England. In all the Catholic countries of the world the deliberations of the gentlemen learned in the law arc fittingly preceded by a religious celebration. The practice in England was suspended at the time of the Reformation, and was not resumed till about ten years ago. The presence of Srsfve^s dt nnprcssneness ot which it wouia oe air ficult to surpass. 