CHIPS FROM CHINA. XIV.-MAltTYRS TO EDUCATION, AND OTHER THINGS. TIU! WATER CLOCK. Passing from the emblems of eternity to the mechanism by which time is recorded, we were invited to become enthusiastic over the famous Cantonese water dock, "which has been working for six centuries at least, and which does not seem to be tired yet. A curious clock, this! It con sists 06 four copper jars or buckets placed above each other. Water drips from the top one to the others, the lowest contains a float which records the time, and the water is replaced in the jars every 24 hours. Theue is, of course, no need what ever for the maintenance of this cumber some time-keeper, as a 2s. 6d. Swiss clock would serve the purpose better than it does; but, resembling in this respect several of the skulls of Christopher Columbus on the Continent, it is probably kept less as a chronological instrument than as a means of drawing money from the pockets of the pliable tourist intent on curio-huntiug. A ijRASTIC EXAMINATION. The examination hall is not an inviting place. The unfortunate students, who have to reside in it at stated intervals whilst the result of their drearily long course of edu cation is being tested, curse it vehemently until their dying days; and probably do so with special vigour then because of the impression that they would not have had to yield up the ghost so soon if they had not been confined within the exami nation hall. But Chinese aristocracy is al most entirely based on intellectual and moral attainment. No man is glorified in a titular way just because "he happened to be there" on some noteworthy occasion, or because he acted as a footstool for the political god of a season. All students who wish to become mandarins or other high officers have to undergo an academical test in this famous hall or simi lar establishments elsewhere in China. To call it a hall seems, however, to be a mis nomer, as it consists of numerous sentry boxes or cells, with broad avenues between them. The examination gauntlet is divided into four stages, and one sensible arrange ment in connection with the degrees is that a candidate, having passed the first in any portion of the empire, may go up for the remainder in any other part of China where an examination hall is provided. The or deal is applied with more than Spartan ri gidity. The cells are mere huts, 5i ft. long by 3 ft. wide, and all the students are interned in these wretched little hovels while the examination proceeds. They are permitted to take food and clothing with them, but not to have any writing or books. The trial to which they are subjected lasts three days and three nights, and there are three such periods of torture, representing altogether nine days and nine nights. While the victims of education are intent upon their studies in the stuffy cells, policemen and other guards constantly promenade the avenues to prevent any one of them from communicating with another, and thus have the advantage of a chance to crib. Some of them die as a result of the pressure to which they are liable at this supreme pe riod of their lives, and everybody who gets a degree in the Flowery Land earns it there is no shadow of a shade of a mistake about that. WE "FOREIGN DEVILS" SUFFER. We were deeply impressed by the evi dences here presented of the close contact between barbaric methods and high-class educational culture; and, as a piece of a de generate turnip hit me on the ear, I was in a' double sense struck with the ludicrous anomaly of the situation. With my chair man and others of the party I was standing at "the Gate of Virtue"-wliicji I had chosen as the most appropriate for me, and which marked one of the entrances to the examination hall-and, for the hundredth time within an hour or two, was accosted bv beggars, some of whom were gniarled like tree-trunks, others had no legs, most were little else than legs, and the effluvia of all suggested an offensive alliance be tween corrupt garlic and L/iraburger cheese in an unhealthy condition. These mendicants shrilly demanded money; and, as our purses had been exhausted through compliance with the heartrending requests of the miserable men wearing the oangues in the debtors prison, we could not give them what they wanted, even if we had any inclination to do so. I sought to explain this to a discourteously inattentive depu tation of about 150 who surrounded me, and who began >to argue the question aJl at once-possibly because they had no presi dent to keep them in order-and as I spoke in my Chinese while they confined tnem selves to their English, we did not ar rive at an amicable arrangement. They thought, not knowing me, tkat I was em ploying improper language, and . I could nave sworn thst they were. I understood fifty of them to say, with an emphasis which did not err on the side of politeness, that if they could not get money they would have'blood, among other things. This menace induced the Democrat to distribute an English threepenny-bit. which had re mained in his pocket, as he had neglected to go to church in Hongkong the day before. He threw this coin to the beggars. He might as well have flung a fancy biscuit to a herd of swine. One hundred augry 'people all grabbed for it unanimously, while their squeals would have disabled a wireless telegraph. None got it, for it fell upon the ground. A man who clutched it there with a handful of mud-et cetera! -was wrecked in less than a minute by the avalanche-like fall of most of the others on the top of him. The cracking of heads sounded good to us, but the words put into circulation caused me to regret the little Chinese that I knew. THE ANGRY MUMMY. Presently emerged from the ruins an ex tremely emaciated Chinaman-"skinny as an anchorite"-who looked like a mummy that had forgotten it had died, and had no right to be walking about as a mortal; and the grin of satisfaction on what re mained of his countenance, as he licked the dirt off the coin he liad captured - watching cautiously lest any one should gi-ab-was evidently very grateful to the Democrat, who said that kindly actions always brought their own rewards! But the smirk of gratification was fioon evicted from its quarters on the animated mummy's features, which rapidly became overspread with ripples indicating that hie feelings were stormy. He had de tected that the coin was only a threepenny bit-a useless tiling in Canton-and not the 10 cent piece he had thought it was; and. when this discovery burst upon his injured soul he felt that he was in tne place where patriotism demanded of him that he should get up another revolution, if only because it did not seem right that Canton should be a whole day without such an excitement, lie evidently was convinced also that the Democrat had trifled with his tendereEt feelings by unjustly tempting him with a bad coin, in the struggle for which he had lost part of one ear as well as other portions of his anatomy; and he approached our generous friend with an intimation in im polite Chinese to the effect that lie propos ed to make a corpse of Kim, and to do so with promptitude. The Democrat, how ever, did not second this proposition, though it seemed exactly to express the feelings of the clamorous crowd of ragtag around 11s, and though-if he were only true to his democratic principles-lie ought to have remembered that the majority should always rule and, impelled by this sacred principle, submitted himself to be dis sected popularly for the good of the great est number. But one grieves to have to idd that our portly political economist abruptly adjourned the debate. lie utter ed an exclamation which rhymed with "lamb," but meant something else, execut ed a strategic movement, and redeposited himself in his chair with an alacrity which well became so eminent a man of action. THE TROUBLE THICKENS. Some otheir members of our party had in tended to fight the whple beggarly crew for principle's sake; but we followed the Demo crat's example-not because we were afraid of the screaming Chinamen, but for the rea son tbat we thought it due to Britons to conduct such a conflict on strict lines of moral suasion, and to comply with inter national usage by sending an ultimatum. We found, however, that there is no use in trying such weapons on people who want either money or blood, or both, and want it very badly. Still we may fairly claim that our retreat was masterly, if not picturesque. It had an artistic aspect, too. Before he retired the Democrat was sailuted with a vegetable which looked like a tomato that had seen much better days. The missile came into violent contact with the extremity of his nose, and distributed slimy and crimson tinted rays over the rest of his face, so that he seemed to have been a little prematurely ornamented with his halo. I regret to re mark. though, that, the words in which he expressed his thoughts sounded inappro priate to the wearer of an aureole. Person ally I received a piece of road metal on the back of my head, and the Democrat un feelingly observed tliat the Chinamen had an original way of smashing stones'. An other member of the party was made the target for an infantile cat that had been divorced from its spirit some weeks pre viously and had some difficulty in remain ing intact; but our friend was providen tially 6aved because the heedless young Chinaman who had swung the kitten three times round his head -with its toil preparatory to delivering a final blow was checked in his operations by an older'end more thrifty comrade, who reminded him that dinner had to be provided for that day, and that any one who deliberately threw good victuals away in that heedless fashion would be sure to come to want. 6b the remains of the cat were reserved for another fate. By this time the rest of our party -had passed beyond 'the lines of at-, tack, and after a hurried consultation wo decided to reserve our defence until .an other day, though the legal man among us insisted that our bounden duty was to ciharge the crowd. "Never'omit to charge 1 was his motto. But the Democrat, though -cautious, said darkly-"If I could only get that crew at the end of a garden .hose in action!" This, remark showed the deep malevolence of the Democrat's nature; because to have washed those Chinamen suddenly, and without due notice, would have been to take a terrible vengeance upon them, while causing the gutters to run more mud than usual. WAR GODS AND WARBIOKS. Taking one consideration with another, we did not enjoy our visit to the examina. tion hall, but one may doubt whethet the place will be seriously damaged by the maledictions which the Democrat hurled at it. We took luncheon in a famous live storied pagoda on the city walls, lVhich are massive structures faced with masonry and built in with earth. Climbing to the top of this pagoda, we viewed Canton in every di rection, and were amazed at the dreariness and barrenness of the landscape. We ate our provisions under the shadow of a big war god, that had such an uncanny, yet comical and benevolent, expression that, gazing upon him, one could easily under stand the truth of the aphorism which in forms us that the pen is mightier than the sword. To the critical observer he less re sembled a son of Mars, competent to raise thunder and lightning, and then defy both, I and do other desperate deeds, than an in dividual who would cherish no higher am bition than to take out washing orders in a perambulator. This war god over looks a special reservation in which the Tartar soldieiy are kept. These Manehu agents are quite distinct from the Chinese population, and are hated with .fiery fer vency by a large majority of those whom they, as representatives of the foreign Emperor, keep in awe. Their houses differ from the dwellings of the ordinary people, whom they tyrannously and shamelessly ex ploit wherever they are stationed. They buy goods from storekeepers without think ing of paying for them, and if payment is demanded they trump up charges against the unfortunate dealer in merchandise and find means of wreaking vengeance upon him. They are mere social pariahs; and, though they and their predecessors have been more than two centuries in this city of Canton, that stay is more than 200 years too long for the good of the people. If I were in China I should be a rebel conspira tor, and be proud of the title. Even a most phlegmatic Chinaman-who was fat, and therefore supposed to be satisfied with everything in life-became furiously excited as he talked to me of the extortions and cruelties of the foreign soldiery; and, hear ing of their excesses, one does not wonder at the statement that when the Japanese arrived at Port Arthur with the object of shelling that place during the China-Japa nese war a deputation of Chinamen waited upon the chief officer in command and offer ed to fight- on the side of the Japanese against the foreign dynasty. "At least," said the spokesman, "vou will pay our wages and give us something to eat!" 