W.cDEptas -D)S fcEit© ? SDsiyo The Albury Council has shown that there are more ways than one of killing a cat. The city fathers of the ' federal town'' think that the ratepayers should have a voice in the selection of an alder man for the Mayoral chair, and they found a way of carrying that idea into practice at the recent elections. The Municipalities Act prescribes that the Mayor should be elected by the aldermen, and of course this effectually prevented them from actually delegating the election to the people ; but flie^o TOflq nnhViiniw in fcho writfcp.n law to interfere with their taking a vote to decide which of the aldermen found most favour with the ratepayers. This course was ac cordingdy pursued, and the aldermen sub sequently gave effect to the decision. Ifc is probable that the innovation of the Albury Council. w&U.; be extensively followed, and if so, it cnay lead to an amendment of the Municipalities Act vesting the election of Mayor in tho ratepayers. There are good reason 3 why the system should be encourag ed. It would bring about the recognition of the ri »hfcs of deserving men. The present style oi electing the Mayor has few virtues to cooimend it, and has been woefully abused.. Too much of the 'kissing goes by favour' principle ia imparted into our Mayoral elections ; again, a dead set is sometimes made against a man because he is courageous, attacks supposed abuses, and makes fcreachant remarks concerning those who eondeavour to perpetuate them. A system that would give this man a chance against the indefatigable wire-puller would be a novelty, but a novely very likely to prove successful in these days of selfasser ifciveness, when, assumption is taken for per formance and, conceit for capability. A test case in connection with the Early Closing Act was argued in Sydney last week before a Stipendiary Magistrate, with the result that -the defendant was fined five shillings and costs. The defendant was a news-agent ; he was the owner of a shop, and, as well as selling newspapers therein, he sold stationery, magazines, &c.; Now, in cases like this the law appears to provide that if the shopkeeper wishes to keep his shop open after six o'clock on four clays in the week for the vending of newspapers he must partition off the other goods from the newspaper stock ; but the defendant did not accept that as the true interpretation of the law. Neither did the other news agents, nearly all of whom have shops and sell different kinds of articles. They have an association, and the funds for defending the case referred to were doubtless provided by that body. The defence set up on behalf of the accused was an extraordinary one. It was that the selling of toys, stationery, &c;, was included in the business of a news agent, and was not therefore a violation of the law. The magistrate being a level headed man, there was not the ghost of a chance of his endorsing that doctrine ; and the fact that such a defence as the one indicated was set up suggests that the news agents realised that there was no ambiguity in the section of the Act dealing with the subject. In fact the language of that sec tion is very lucid, and even the proverbial Philadelphia lawyer would experience great difficulty in giving different plausible inter pretations thereof. The law does not con found newspapers with toys and stationery any more than it confounds them with drapery and grocery. The news-agent is permitted to sell newspapers until a late hour every day, but he k not permitted to sell anything else beyond the hour when the majority of other shops have to close. That is what a Stipendiary Magistrate has decided. It is said that the decision is to be appealed against ; if so the matter will come before tbe Supreme Court, when, it may be expected, & learned judgment will be delivered. Until the appeal has been heard the news-agents will have to observe the law as it has been interpreted by the magistrate. Perhaps there are other people who intend attempting to drive a coach and six through the law ; if so, there is no harm in telling them that the experiment will be costly and that it is likely to prove futile. There are defects in tbe Early Closing Act — even the Ministry admit that — and the proper course for persons who are oppressed by it is to submit their grievances in the proper way when an Amending Bill is being considered by the Cabinet or any Parliament. Everybody knows that there is sometimes a wide difference between preaching and practice. This often happens in the ad ministration of State affairs as well as in higher things. Thus we all heard Mr. Reid preaching freetrade with the utmost fervour, and we also saw him deliberately adopting protectionist principles. Several years ago he told the farmers on the Northern rivers that it was unsound policy to retain import duties on sugar, that he was going to re move those duties, and that they would make more money by dairying than by the cultivation of cane. Consistently with his utterances he caused legislation to be passed tho effect of which was to gradually abolish the duties. Bub after the abolition process had been in operation for two or three years he went back on his opinions and became a protectionist, so far at least a3 sugar was concerned. Mr. Lyne is not a bit more consistent than his predecessor. He has always posed as a thorough pro tectionist ; yet he is now making arrange ments for importing a steamer to take the place of the Thetis, which vessel is nearly worn out. Such a steamer as the Govern ment want could be built in Sydney, but it would cost more to have the work done there than in the old country, and Mr. Lyne considers that he should buy the boat in the cheapest market. That may be good business, bub it is not hi accordance with the economic creed which the Premier has always preached. What is sauce for the ,'„ goose is sauce for the gander, and if the Government are justified in buying in the cheapest market; there is no reason why the citizens generally should be prevented from enjoying a similar privilege. It would be interesting to hear Mr. O'Sullivan's views on this matter of importing a steamer. Since he has been in office most of his time h&s; been occupied in providing work for the un employed. He is of the opinion, therefore, that there is a large number of unemployed men in the colony. Also, he doubtless believes that they include mechanics as well as unskilled labourers. Moreover, he pro fesses to believe that any work needed by the Government that can be done in the colony ought to be done, and hang, the expense. How then did it come to pass that he, as a member of the Cabinet, approved of the proposal to import a steamer from England to replace the Thefeis ? The construction of the vessel in Sydney would have been a reproductive work and given employment to many mechanics who need ifc. The only rational inference that can be drawn from the conduct of the Government; in the matter under notice is that their pro tectionist principles have never extended further than the front of their teeth. A matter of some importance has been raised by two or three of the suburban municipal councils. It has reference to the cost of taking the Local Option Vote. Ac cording to the Act that cost has to be borne . . J-; by the Councils. As they are not really concerned in any way in the subject, this provision seems to be unfair ; and* the more so because the Local Option Vote that is taken every three years in connection- with municipal elections has degenerated into something of the nature of a farce. The intention of the framers of the Act may have been excellent, but it has not been fulfilled ; and there cannot be a doubt that the povisions have little or no bearing on the temperance question. It is under stood that the great majority of the licensed victuallers always answer ' No' to the ques tion, ' Shall new licenses be granted' ; and ?' it is only reasonable they should do so, because they do not desire that the number of competitors in their business should be increased. Of course the local optionists also answer in the negative, and the result; is that they and the licensed victual lers are found in the same boat. It is a , striking illustration of the lion and the lamb lying down together. As a matter of fact the local option provisions in the Licensing Act are more in the interests of the pub licans than of their enemies. But whether this be the case or not, the ratepayers dur ing the last few years have been singularly apathetic regarding the whole question ; the vote on each occasion that a ballot has been held ha3 been very small. That, however, is not the point for consideration. The grievance is that the several Councils have had to bear all the expense of taking the ballot, which in some cases has amounted to nearly £20. The charge is one that should be borne by tbe central government, because it is a subject that affects the whole community. All. the revenue from pub lican's licenses goes into tbe national treasury, and from that fund therefore should bo taken the money to pay the cost of obtaining the local option vote. Ifc ia not only in regard to this matter that the municipal councils have been unfairly saddled with expenditure that should be borne by the central government, for some of them are liable for several charges in connection with the Health Act, and some of these charges may be heavy. If a deadly epidemic should break out in a municipal district to which the provisions of the Health Act have been extended it is con ceivable that thp charges would make a very big hole in the councils' income. There is talk of amending the Municipalities Act; when this is being done the Municipal Association should make a strenuous effort to get the councils relieved from the ev »eacUtui:ea referred to. 