Missionary. [ConTRIoUTaD.] - Ringing right down through theJages comes the command, one of the most direct that Christ ever gave to his dis ciples, and thie last-" Go ye therefore and teach all nations, b.ptising them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost-teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you." Thrs is ijest what our missionaries are doing. Brave. hearted, earnest men and women striving amidst dangers and difficulties to uplift the standard of the cross amid the heathen darkness and sin, and it he. hoves us, who are Christ's disciples, to see to it that we, too, do our part in this glorious work, if we wish to hear the "Well done good and faithful servant," that highest enconlum that lie bestows on his faithful workers when 'life's war. fare is ended. But you say '. we can not all be missionaries; we cannot leave r.ur home duties and go, not to those faroff lands to teach the. heathen." True. But still we can in many ways help- by our prayers, by our sympathy, by onr money, by our hearty co-opera tion. Remember that Arron and lier only held up the prophet's hands, hut when, they were upheld Israel prevailed. Tnis is just what we can do-uphold the anids f of on missionaries. One missionary told me that oft times the discouiraements and trials were so heavy that they must faint and faill beneab - th em, only they had the assurance that so many Chris tian friends were praying specially for them, and that prayer must prevail For this purpose missionary unions have been formed in connection with most of our churches, the members of which are privileged to meet together at stated times to prly for their missio naries, and to hear of their 'Work, and to work together as a body to'"prepare mission boxes and to do anything" that they, is a united band of Christians, ran do to hasten on the coming of the Lord's kingdom. -A meeting of the Mforwell Branch of the P.W.M.U. was held on Thursday, 12th inst., at Mrs. Rintoull's, when the following ladies were present :--Mes dames Gay (treasurer), Rintoull (presi dent), Ione (Vice-president), Hamil ton (secretary). Fraatz and Law. The Secretary read letters from Mrs.' C. Banderson and Mrs. Harper, also one fronit Miss Menzies of the Corean mission., The Horwell' Branch sup ports a Corean child at the school, and have done so for ailong time. We inay write more of the Corean school at a future date, and also of the .other missions in which we -are specially interested. It was decided to .hold a missionary meeting every month, on ,41e third Tuesday.in each month. The imeetings are to be held in "the church at 2.3,0?We. would gladly. welconie other memibers to join us so that we may do more still, for truly the " hat 'vest is great but the labourers are few" out in those benighted' landls, and islands of the 'seaZ On 'the following day, Friday. 13th, the North Hselwool Branch held their meeting, but owing to the bad stateo.ofthe roads there were fewer present, than :.usual, but even then IL members were present, and the meeting was a, bright" and hopeful one. - Mrs..' Thompson, sour., (president) presided. The Secretary (Miss Wright) read several very in teresting letters,!ramong them being one from the American mission, which is a mission we, unfortunately, know little about at present, but where noble work is being done by Mr: Bar ton and other devoted men. Mrs. Law also reutl an interesting letter from her:brother (Rev. John Gillan), of the New .Uebrides Mission, and spoke a little about the work on Un ripev, his station. The members of the North Hazelwood Branch deserve the highest praise for the splendid work th y have done, and are doing. For a small country branch their record is a noble one. Again and again they have sent boxes to the different missionaries; they have bought arrowroot and helped in other ways. The arrowroot is made on the different stations and is under the supervision of the missi,inary. The natives who wish' to help, contributing the tubers from which the arrowroot is made, and helping to make it. The srrowroot is packed in bags containing 5, 10, 25 and 50 lbs., as the case may be. The duty and freight are often paid by some friend of the. qission; and the arrowroot itself is bought by those interested in helping the good work. The proceeds all go to paying for the printing of the Bible in the native language of the islanders. The missionary translates parts of the Bible from the English into the native laiguage. so that those poor people may read Christ's message to them in the langiage they' know. Each gospel costs about L30 to get it put through the press The poor natives prize the I Book" ase their dearest earthly possession, and spend much time in reading and studying it. I refer to the Christian natives of course, those who under the teaching of our missionaries have given up heathenism and are now clothed in their right mind, and sitting at the feet of Jesus. I might add that the North Hizel. wood friends hold their meeting the econd Friday in every month and will widely welcome any of our members and friends front Mor well. 