ROMANCE OF PRISON BREAKING. The m%t marvellous of many escapes from MillbaDk Prison waa l'unch Honiird'p, wbo had also broken out of Newgate and Hetseuouger laneGaoL I u those days the pt isouers used regular steel kaivts, nhioh were given for aneal times and tbeu immediately removed. Howard at dinner-time, couverted bis knife into a nugb saw by hammering tLe edge, of tbe blade on the corner of bis iron bedstead, and with this sawed through une rivet, leaving tbe window ?? iu statu quo.' The whole thine was affected within the dinner-hour ; saw made, bar cut, and knife returned. Then Howard set te work. His cell was situated at the top of tee infirmary, being lighted by a window wbose extreme length was about three feet, and its width six inches and a half. The window itself revolved on the central bar, which was riveted into the stone at each end. Hoisting himself again to tbe window, by banging his blanket on a ham mock haok in the wall just beneath, he removed the window bodily— one rivet having been sawn through, tbe other soon gave way. The way of egress, such as it was, was aim open— a narrow slit, three feet, by six inches aud a half, Howard was a stoutly built mau, with a by ao means small head, yet he. managed to get his head through tbe opeaiog. Having ac complished this, ns doubt after tremendous pressure and much pain ta bimself, he turned so as to lie ou bis back, and worked bis shoul ders and arms eut. He had previously put the window witb its central irsn bar half in and half out of the orifice, meaning to. rue it as a platform to stand on, tbe weight of his bedy pressing down one. end, whilst the ether faugbtagaiost the roof of the opening, and so gave him firm footbold. He bad also torn up his bUnket aud sheets into strips, and tied them together, so an to form a long rope, one end of wbich was fastened to his legs. He was uow half-way out of the wiudow, lying in a horizontal position, wit b bis arms free, bis body nipped abcut the centre by tbe narrow opening, his legs still inside bis cell. It was not difficult, for him now to draw out the reat ef his body, and as ssun as be bad length enough he threw bimself up and caught the coping eteue ot the roof above. All this took place as the top storey, at a height of some 55 feet from the ground. He was nsw outside the wall, and stiadiur, ou tbe outer end of the window bar. To draw eut tbe whtlelengtbs of blanket andsbeetiug rope, throw tbem ou the roof, ud clamber after, were kis next exploits. His next job was to descend into the garden below, which encircles the whole of the buildings, and is itself surrounded by a low boundary wall. This garden was patrolled by I six sentries. He cculd see tbem. He took tbe escent by degrees, lowering himself from the roof to the third floor window, from third floor to second, from second ts urst, and from first | to the ground itself. The back of the nearest j patrol was just tben turned, and Howard was unobserved. Next moment he was standing in bis wbite shirt, but otherwise naked, in among tbe tombstones of the peniteniary gravevard. Concluding that be was » ghost, tbe sentry, as j he afterwards admitted, turned tail and ras, ; and Howard was soon over tLe wall. Within a ' minute he was in bis mother's house in Fye street, close by, got food and clothing, and was off to the country. Asd the story of bin cap- j ture reads like a romance. But be was cap tured within 48 hours. 