/4 '«IY CJrilNAMAN. ' ? (COMPLKTE SHORT STORY.). T KICKED -ip Ah Lu In Shanghai. Al «! ? thouR'h a morn youth, ha had boon In tho nervlco of an Englishman for aomo years. Ho camo to mo with oxcollent credentials. ' And I hud no renaon to ropent of his com ing. ?'? Ho was quick, nttontlvo, neat, and «vor ready, and norvod mo oxcelloutly. When I r.aino to London I brought Lu 1 with me. Iloro I found him of oven greater servlco than In China.' llowmi sorupulous ly hntiufO., and I had the greatest confldonco - In him.. My bimlnosn took mo fretiuontly luto'tho country. Sometimes I was absent fntttn t/iivn fnr- tinva tncrnihnr T TlliVnr ff-\t thn least hooltntlon In leaving Ln.nlonn In my Hat. I know that whon I returned I should find cvorythlng exactly nu I had loft It. It wan whilst travelling ono day thnt I nnmo acroiyi a qucor cano In an ovonltiR pa por. It wns nn accouut of a curlouii rob bery In n south-wentcm miburb. v A ro Bpoctablo cltjr man jjolng home lato aft night w«a waylaid. Ho doiicrlbod liln nsuallaut as a.womnn In black. 1'ho creaturo otforod oownthlng for salo. Tho man rofuaod, and i pa.naod on. Thon, to uso his own words, 'somothliiK wan thrown In his fooo,' and bo lost eonncloUBtieHfl. He was discovered . '. Intor on by n pnllcemau sitting on tho 1 pnvomont, dnzed and half nuloop. Ho was : uninjured, but overy valuable In bis pos session had gono. A fortnight later a similar affair was ro portod to have happened In a ntrcot In tho Daynwnlcr dlatrlct. In this catio, tho man oiisaultcd lind grnpplod with tho woman, wham ho (laiicrllicd ns of slender build and youthful appearance. It wait very dark, howovur, and ho could glvo no furthor don crlptlnn of her dresa or nppenrnnco. Tho flnmo proceduro had been gone through In In thto cnao nn In tho other. Thero wan tho throwing of tho powdor, tho itncon acloiinnci.in, tho dlscovory by a policeman, and tho dlnnppoarnnco of money and jowel lery. A month clnptiod, and then entne news of a third occurronco, asronlng In nlnillar par tloulnrn, which was roportod to havo fiap poncd In the Dloomabury uolRtiborhooil. Tho papers now begun to tnko tin; mut ter up, and nrtlclou beaded 'Who In tho Rlystorlou.'i Woman In Ulaok ?' appeared In novoral dalllos, . Dotectlvfcil woro aot. to . watch by tho dozen, and private Individuals ? joined In aiding thorn. But nothing fur ther happonod, Interest bogan to fade, and tho Bcaro utood a Rood chanco ot flr.zllng out, whon London was stirrod from its ulecp by tho no wo thnt a fourth robbery hnd tiikoii vlnca lit . tlio neighborhood of Putney. In this ciiao tho man nssaulted hnd mndo ti vigorous ottort to.ilofond hlmsolf, but tho myntovlous powder had dono Itn work, ami ho.hna fdlleu v/flotlm oxactly an tho others ? had dono. ' ?' y ? ;: London was *itow ronlly nrouacd, and the ; ' roport, of yot n fifth case, following closely . on tlio. fourth, v«ot Scotland Yard by tho onro.nhd cavjuotl;a run on dnalora In loaded ? canes nnd r'ovolvfirn. I hnd boon nt Iiomo. Homo dnyn when I ? rooelvod n tolbRrt(m calUng mo to IilrinliiK Iiara, ..' J[ told.. jL'ii' to pack, a portmniitenu, And tfTMrtp him ! nhould not bo bacU for (i dny or (Wo, I. hailed a cnb nnd drovo full opond to KuBton. Thoro wns n block, cnuo'od by n (Iro, nnd I arrived in tlmo to ? oeo tlio train ateam out of tho utntlon. I dooldod to go by nn oarly train tlio noxt moriilnB. I thoroforo booked my trunk nnil returned homo. ; Tnlclnf? n nhort cut homo through nomo iinrlc nnd 111-llghtoil titrootn, I suddenly camo I frico to fnco v/lth a woman In black, her '4 Caoo partly yollod nnd holding In hor hnndu | a fow bonciM of .inatohMf. v In ft tnomont I reallood Hint I was faco | , fto'lJiWo-wHU. thn My'at'iiry of tho Moment. I JJ'.Wltliout ft ' Oocond'N hcrsltatlori I- mndo up my mind how to not. I ptumod. along quickly nnd then wheoled round. I snv; hor hand movo to a llttlo bug which hun.V . suspended to hor wrist, and thon with a ? quick movomont sho thrnw oomothlng. I : closed my oyes and mouth,' olenohed my '. nostrils, nnd, making a sideward movo- '? niont, escaped the powdor. Protending to ? bo ovorromo by It, liowovor; I lolled on tho ' pnvomont. Onco down I folgn--d Innonnl- ', ? blllty'. I soon felt the creature's nlmblo lingers uenrchlng my pockets. 1 did not movo a inunolo. I ncarcoly brcnthnd. It wau n trying ordeal; but I got tlutiuch It somehow. Having rollovo:l mo ot nil portable pro pfirty of vnluo sho (lepnrted, softly and ol lontly mi a ghost. I waited until uho had gone somo dlstanco and Ilifin followed hor. Through iitroot after Direct I tracked hor, nlwnyn kenplng well In tlin rear, rrcnent ly, to my antnnlulinictflt, wo omorged lillo, llui ni|iiaiu lu wiilcli lliti Mock ii f th.iiii.Ioiui whero 1 renlcled wan situated. Tlinn, tn my horror nnd mitoulshincnl. t ho woman inado for my flat, whipped out a key and ? onlerod. I waited a woinont to steady myself and then entei'od. : Ah Lu mulling a ehuiMful welcome eumn forward. ?' 'I.u,' I siild, iipialdng lu Cltilmmo, 'Ihme Is ji woman lu luuc.' Lu'n almond «yen opi mil and be bhoulc , hln bond, ' 'It Is no good Uelng. I naw her coino ' . In.' ' ' 'Como wllh nd,' I unlit, 'and wo'll , ii^:.r!»r.M.'-v'-'y--^':--»t'X^--'niK:'Hw'!ji-a-»---i- -xi»-«-.».-oo search tho plnco together.' Ho camo will ingly, smiling a iinillo of ijentlo coniuilsora-' tlon. I oxamlnod ovory nook nnd crnnny nnd found nothing, Lu nil tho whllo smiling a? blnndly nu ovor. It wmi puzzling. Thon of a sudden BomothliiR fell Jingling to tho ground. , It wnu a' llltlo //ovorclgii jiiirau which I ununlly woro attached to my clinln. Lu unw It aliio and ho mado a grab for It. That gnvo the thing away. With tho rapidity of a (limb of llghtnlnr I solved tho mystery. That night I handed Ah Lu over to tho I*)llco. Wllh him wont a trunk full of (o mlnlno garments and titolon valuables Mlno wero not Included In thu number. I am not taking any inero .OhJnrso (K-r- vants, even when mxoinpnnled by the hlglK-Jt croilcntlnls. — 'Tlir; Pelican.' Mr. MTJowon can luu-illy clnlin lo n-- |)n-Ncnt tlu: workorn. ll(! must know Hint I lie (ip'MiliiK of clulifi on S-UmhIii.vm in1' '' ' c!i',.iin;j of clieu)) ri'1'n'nliiiiciil1 ''!? ?- : ? 1 1 In fuvor or tho rlcli iintl ii!,r;i!'!;.| Uii' worlslnj; cliifuu'H -- mitl on tlnl; (..,(' dii.v of lel-uiro, too. — — — « ?♦ ii, i- ♦-. — — 'I'ho 'Sunday Tlm-m' rcacheii inore homra ?tliiin any ot- lu.-r paper. ; 'Snnflay- Times* -6lrekJ. Chri»tmas ?Issue,. Dec, ^O^Magazine and Newspaper , -for Twopence! .. 