The "Twopenny Tabs.' In these days, of opposition to tbe eetablishment of the elestric system of tramways in cjitria places in Australia, the following de£c:iption of up-to- date London methods by an English girl will be read with interestThis morning we went np to the Brit ; sh Museum b? the ' Twopenny Tube'—otherwise the electric railwey, which runs fretn Shepherd's Bush to the Bsnk, in ifee Ui?y» in 20 m'nntes, and f^r twopstcs all tbe way. There are d:zan6 ot stations all the way up, ail through t'se parts of London that are as a rule difficult to get at. For instance, by any other route it would take over aa hour to get to the Bank. This Twopenny Tube is qci'e new, and is simply e&cb;&ntizg.; Ot oonrse it rans und* rgron:.d entirely, but oh 1 what a diffsretce from the nnder ground railway! Wt?L, fist of all yen plank down your twopence, end are gireo ia exchange a t : cter, which you drop ioto a box as yon paEs tbe barrier. You then walk into a verfect ' room' of a lift, aad immediately you are gently lowered into the very bowels of tha eerth all brilliantly lighted like a ballroom with electric light.. Then y an go down a few steps on to a deliriously ciesn, uif- Londan!ik0 p laiform with a single line aad a tunnel of deep blackness and tiny size at eaob end. Tbe walls of tbese stations are onrved inwards, and are of beautiful pure white, shiny brick, with the name hugely acd clearly written up—and oh ! SoaTvellone! No advtrLisimeata that lead poor foreigners and ehorts'ghtei people to suppose that every station is called 'Stephens' Blue Blacky' or ' Ogden's Guinea Gold,', or 'Epps' Cocoa/ Here snd there are cesua looking garden seats which nobody t-ver has time to nee, becausa before you have be3n in this model station a minute a train comes along wish an alsrnaing looking torpedo shaped engine and ling corridor cars—all one class—.beoeuse why ? Because it is all one j.rke—two pence—quite /sociable a id eocidiBtTC, and all tbat kind of th ug. I'm rure a sooialis^ would love it, because if he wer* to travel at about 5 o'clock he wonld probably have a workman's oilcan affe3 tionately rubbed against his frock coat and a hobnailed boot pla'-ed prote;ti«gly on his patent leathers ! But perhaps socialists don't wear patent leathers ^ad frook coals. I stoald think i» «ou d bs wiser not 1 WVli, tbe seats m tie cars are very comfortable, and the whole 4 get up' of tbe train is clean and attractive, aad therefore most unlik = th« usual London conveyances should thiak you could travel all day on the Twopenny Tufce without getting a ghost of a smut on your nose, and tbe game oould be eaid of no ether place in London. The trains travel at a splendid psc«, with only a few ioobes on eitfier side bstweenthe train and the tunoil— * veritable tube. Tbe etopB el the stations are only of a few seconds, and jou are off almost before ynn realise the nama of the e &Uon.; Conductors stand at ea^h end of the corridor?, and as you ieava a station about out the same of tha next. It .is all made delightfully easy for yon, and when yon rea^yjpir &wn; particular station rou bundle out, get into the wai ing lift, and ia no time find yourself above ground in tha buey, noisy, rusting streets, quite bewildering after the psaoe of down below I Tbe return line, of course, runs parallel, and the platformB are divided by a wall—a lovely white wall—vith gates from ore to the other. So after paying your twopeoca it is quite optional whether you go ;ty? ard? or westwards It is wonderfully airy, and they gay in hot weather it iB baauufuliy cool and draughty, I enpposs all the air is pumped down, because never a glimpse of daylight do you have frrm start to finish—all bright electric li ;ht. Of course, it is a tremendous success, but I snppose it will ba years before it really p*ys. It has been years building, asd must have bsen a hugely xpensive pb.' 