8KETOHEK HAUNTED CHURCHES. We who live at the dose of this nine teenth century oan hardly think it possible that the strange stories of ghost-haunted churohes were onoe firmly believed. Happily for the peaoe of the regular ohnrohgoer there are but few ohurohea in Great Britain whioh have the reputation of being ths home of spirits, and even thoBe that are haunted do not appear to suffer materially by reason of their being so as . Tha beautiful Devonshire chorch of Ottery Mary {#£!&\- may be aald to be Exeter Oathedral in mialature— so much does It reeemble it) oontalns^ inter alia, several monuments. One 'la ereoted to the memory of: John Coke, of Thome, who died in 1U3, and represents an aimed soldier habited in half arincnr, with trunk hose and Jaok boots. Hia left hand grasps the hilt of bis sword, whilst his right holds a baton. It is believed he waa murdered for mer wunrj uivuvw ujr a jrwunger Drauw, na are told that because of the injustioe done him, his spirit aannot rest, and his status therefore steps down from its niohe at night and stalks through the silent ohuroh. Adjacent to the church at Tatnerton Foliott is the old Ooplestone Ode, beneath whose branohes a member of the Ooplestone family was murdered a number of years ago. Small wonder, then that it is said his reetlsss spirit haunts the quiet ohurohyard — apparently seeking comfort in rsading the tombstones of thoee who were privileged to die in the ordinary oonrse of events. Perhaps the beBt known of these haunted buildings in Scotland is the 'Add Alloway Kirk' of Ayr. Tradition says that a farmer on hia way home from Ayr one market night saw the plaoe was lighted np, and on look ing in at the window he beheld the Devil, with a number of old women danoing around him. One he recognised and shouted, ' Wed, luppan Maggie, wi tihe short Bark 1' Resenting this interruption, the Evil One and his companions gave chase to the frightened farmer, who made all haste for the bridge of Doon, and orossed the stream by the merest oliance, in time to escape capture by the Devil. Barns perpetuates the legend in his famous ' Tam o' Shanter.' His Satauio Majesty is again responsible for the spirits haunting the church of Widdeoombe-in-the-Moor, on Dartmoor. The edifioe was, on Sunday, October 31, 1638, struok by lightning and severely damaged. Four persons were killed and sixty-two injured. The Devil is said to have eansed this thunderstorm, and he is podtivdy known (aooording to tradition) to have attended at Widdeoombe personally on that day in the guise . of a horseman. It is asserted that the spirit forms of the four people killed have since walked the church at nightfall, and the prevailing belief among the moormen is that they will do so until the Last Day. The old ohuroh of St. Mary, at Berry Pomeroy, seems to make far too good a pio ture for a haunted bnilding. Nevertheless, if we credit the history of an early ocoapier of Berry-Pomeroy Castle, adjaoent, and her DBauwaiiuu mui U1D UUIUUU, we UUU BUOU IS the oase. Tradition again tells us how the i daughter of a former lord of tke castle mar- j dered her child there, and that in death she apparently .passes part of her time at the j soene of the tragedy, and the remainder at the grave of her dead ohilil, which was buried itt the ohuroh. Her apparition, it is j aaid, has appeared on several oooadons to independent persons, and the facts made a very strange alory; but as it has not been i seen for nearly a century, it is to be hoped her troubled spirit has at last found solaoe. The old ohurohyard of Kelvedon, Essex, also has its ghost, for a legend runs that a local miller — ' the only honest miller in the county '—was so poor that he was unable to - pay his way. This preyed upon his mind so muoh that he committed suioido by hanging | himself from a tree there, and fulther, he is frequently notioed— by those qualified to eee suoh eights — hovering around the church yard with a halter around hia neok and his tongue hanging out. 