Abridged. ne went and preached to the spirits In pri son." — 1 Petc-r iii.. 19. And "as He is so are we in this world," says St. John. Much ingenuity has been expended by the representatives of cer tain phases of theological thought in the vain endeavor to explain this glorious incident away. When they succeed in arguing the sun out of the heavens they will succeed in eliminating from the hearts and hopes of men the glorious lesson of this incident. . . ' It is. direct, intelligible, historical, con clusive. It appeals to the best and deep- inctinntc nf murt'c hntfaK a,nd, moreover, it is God-inspired; and as such it is a revelation of the justice and mercy and tenderness of the Universal Parent. There is nothing in fact or fiction that compares in wonder and in interest with the glorious unveiling of the unseen world, the picture of Al mighty Love Incarnate entering the prison-house of disembodied spirits, and there, surrounded by the ghosts of men and women drowned in the flood, pro claiming the charter of man's salvation and restitution — "I am He that liveth ar.d was dead, and behold, I am alive for evermore, and I have the keys of death and of Hades." Now, the heart and life of this great solemn fact, this soul-comforting revelation of the des cent of the Christ into Hades is, to a COl'taJn PVtnrit rlnnen/lsanf nnrm iHa olon r. recognition of the Incarnation in its double aspect, as a revelation of God to man, and the interpretation of man to himself. In the first aspect Jesus was the inter preter of God, and, therefore/His actions are revelations of permanent attitudes of the mind of God. He was the Mani- fester of the moral character of the In finite Originator, and this not partially . or imperfectly, but in completeness. So that 'when the Apostle declared, "In Him dwelleth al the fulnc-ss of the God head bodily," it is as though he had said that all the nature. of the Universal Soul that can be expressed to and received by men, all the sweet 'reasonableness that there is in God has uttered itself, em bodied itself in the Divine Man. And ,no.w you know, if you are beiievers, that the universal diffusion of the Divine Person in whom you live and move and have your being is not a formless force like electricity, or a boundless abstrac tion like your idea of space, or a far- distant awful throne in the skfes, hut an all-inclusive Being, loving with an ever lasting love, closer to TTiin than ing, Whose Character -is the character of Jesus — that the God whom tradition has tauglit you to praise and tremble before is such a one as Jesus. When He says to us absolutely, without limitation or reserve, "He that hath seen Me hath seen the Father," there is no metaphy sical confusion, no denial of the absolute purity of the Godhead, nor is there when mi x unity ounaay i pour forth my an them of adoration to Jesus as the. Al mighty, and say, "Thou only art holy, Thou only art the Lord, Thou only, O Christ, with the Holy Ghost, art most high in the glory of God the Father. SLANDERS AGAINST GOD. Now, it seems to me that one and the first inevitable consequences of the reve lation of the moral character of the Uni versal Soul is the complete obliteration of the degrading phantom of the Al mighty torturer. The mediaeval doc- trines of corrupt Latinism, the brilliant but lurid imagination of a Dante, are recognised in the light of the Jesus- revelation of God as manTinade slanders against the infinite Love and Reason, in whom we live and move and have our being. The terrible ordeal of the second death, to which in justice and mercy self-degraded and impenitent natures ; must be doomed, as werel those who sin- -ned at the time of the Flood, is seen to \--be';" the beneficent Divine procedure -Whereby illimitable Love chaTicpc oott. into life, where God unmakes that He may remake the soul, and Hades is seen tbbethe eternal process moving on — : " Frohi state to state the spirit walks, 2- And:. these -are but the shattered stalks '. ; Qr_;ruiii«l. .chrysal's of man. , To accept ,the Jesus-revelation of God 1s'to'heIieve-in the infinite' resources and' ' esfljess ; phan&eiessness; . of responsible J.pv4 it is; to.be convinced that there are no depths into which His love will not tr . w' wi ois IUSI; it JS to pe convinced that-— " . . ; S?'.-- ; The sun wjll-.pterce The: thickest : cloud ' eVer' stretched, " That." after last returns the first. Though a (Tide compass round be fetched; v.r-Whathran best cannot end worst, LPIfiat GodfspiicehleBsed prove accurst. -And I ask- you to - acknowledge this transcendent incident of the missionary descent of Christ into "Hades recorded by St. Peter, endorsed with all the au thority of inspiration, the soul-living optimism of Browning; for it dc-scribes verily and literally, with an accuracy as to detail from which there is no escape, the Sun of Righteousness, .the mis-:' sionary activity of the Universal Soul piercing one of the thickest clouds earth ever stretched, that cloud of doubt, of mystery, of terror, which hangs like a funeral pall over the future and the in finite in the world beyond the- grave. . To those who apprehend, so far as the human intelligence can apprehend, the absolute identity of Jesus with the Uni versal Soul.it represents the Infinite Ori ginator,. the Creator embodied in Jesus, releasing the souls of men undergoing the remedial discipline of the unseen world from . the agonising sense of dereliction, from the age-long misery, by revealing to them- the truth which alone can save the soul in the midst of the tangled prob lems by which it is surrounded here, namely, the essential and unalterable nns irrevocable inseverability of God and man. THE IMMANENCE OF GOD. But I have a lesson that I desire to draw from it. In this descent into Hades we see one of the greatest secrets and' responsibilities of our several mo ral natures. Jesus, as the speci men of the race, was the inter preter of man to himself. Man is as great a mystery as God — he is so com plex,. such an amalgam of apparently con tradictory elements, lhat the hardest com mand that may be given to man is "Know thyself." Imagination and ' perception" Unrl momnrfr .i miuiui fluu t-uiiacitriict; anu win ana inspiration perplex and baffle us; we want to know what we are and whence We come. God has told us out of heaven itself, what we are in the majestic dis closures of the Incarnation. Jesus in this aspect is God's picture lesson of. His ideal of our common human nature; Jesus is the objective manifestation of that subjective divine sanity which is the attribute and possession of humanity as a whole. " Jesus was the climax of that utterance of the Creating Spirit which is imminent in the universe and incarnate J in man: Jesus was the embodiment of I the supreme dominant force of the uni verse, of the power that animates the I atom and controls the planc-t. "By Him," I SR.ysSt.Paul to the Coiossians,"ali things I subsist" — that is, hold together. What' electricity is to matter that the im- manence of the Word is to the universe. The soul of the universe expres sed in all visible things finds its highest expression on this planet in man, and of that expression the j pure and sacred manhood of Jesus is the one perfect manifestation. But, now. mark the lesson I desire to draw — the in- I ference. The all-inclusive potver immi- I nent in the universe, embodied in per- j fection in Jesus, for the purposes of ob- | eervation, transcends personality; it is 1 the possession of the race, and God's full, j Christ is not one nvan, but the multl- j tudlnous race of man in Him. THE HIDDEN LIFE. I New. i ask you if that is not the mean-'j ing of the saying that your life is hid with Christ in God. And here lies the unchangeableness of obeying that voice within you. To recognise that your I higher life, as Marcus Aurelius said, is a god in exile, or. more truly, a spark oil God's life embodied, is to discover an ani- I mating force, capable of moving your life into a nobler attitude. "If any man have not the spirit of Christ he is none of us," and the spirit of Christ .is the spirit of manly uprightness, conscientious-citizen-- ship, of honest trade, cf pergonal purity, and above all it is the spirit of brotherli- ness, and the spirit of rescue. We have seen the activity of the spirit of rescue exercised on behalf of lost souls in Hades, giving the lie to the blasphemy of Thomas Aquinas, who taught us that the blessed were to be rejoiced with a full sight of the punishment of the dead. But if wo I have the spirit of Christ we must remem ber that there are damned in this world as well as in the next; we must not wait to rescue until we get to the other side. IN THIS WORLD. There are "spirits in prison on this side of the grave waiting for a Christ to descend into their Hades. And what Christ? The i Christ in you, the hope of. glory, the spirit j of the Christ who was the enthusiast of humanity, the lover of the people, the' friend of the poor, the comforter of the weary and the heavy laden— "Ye are the body of Christ and members in particu lar." I have no sympathy with those half-hysterical fancies which would per petuate the stupid anachronism of trans porting in imagination the God- inhabited Galilean of twenty centuries ago into a London drawing-room to-day, and then asking, What would Jesus do? The ques tion for a congregation like this is not. What would Jesus do? It is. What does the In-dwelling Spirit of the Divine Son- I ship , which was manifested in Jesus bid I me to do to-day while I have time? It bids me .to realise that' the Spirit, of Christ' overflows the boundaries of indi vidualism. It convinces me that the race is an organic whole, Sn which each must do for all jvhat he alone does best. .. It assures me that the dignity and power'of one whose life is hid with the Christ of I God consists in his identification "in heart and method with Christ;, that when He' willingly entered into the awful, prison I — cpu-us mac , lie might plumb the depths of their misery; "He suggested that there are, levels in human degradation at which rescue becomes im possible unless' the rescuer will descend to the very depths of Hades to seek and save the lost. (To be concluded next week.)- 