THIRTY YEARS IN 'STAGELAND.' KECOLLECTIOXS OF AN AMATEUR. No. 1.— BY ,1. H. U. The power of imitation, which Is more or less largely developed in every huraaa beinjr, appears to support the Darwininan theory that man is descended from a mon key: for what animal of the lower order ij so iiKe a man m lU powers ot mimicry as the ape'' This power of imitation i- inse parable from onr nature: we seem to imbibe it with our mother's milk. The first gas tures we miike at infanti, the first incslli tible sounds we utter, are thote which we aave copied from our doting parents yi iheir praiseworthy but oftentimes tedious ifforts to make us s-ay 'Goo!' riireriUo Ji-sts tell us that we may look for the best ju-tors among tho.-e individuals whose organ of imitation is t'ully developed, and so we -may go a step further and, calling the study of heredity to our aid, naturally expect t.o find imitative fathers begetting imitative sons. In other words, we may rest assured that in nine case out of ten the art of as!s mg is inherited. 1 do not mean to say that the son of every great actor is necessarily himself a great actor also, for innumerable ?irr:uinstante- occur to upset this and every other logical 'theory. But, given equal op portunity, the child ivill invariably deve lop those histrionic proclivities for Avlii.-h the father was famed, as may he instanced ?by the Kenibles, the Keanes, the Maitb.e«v ses. and tjie Siddonses of loiu since defunct generations, and the Terrys, the Bouei cault«, the Eignolds, and the Broughs of our own time. 'But what.' says, my rna der. 'has thi.s to do with the subject of the atrical recollections *'' I reply, 'Every- thing.' I bave been trying to justify my self for having fallen a victim to the fasi'i na'tions of the footlights. SOME EARLY DAYS. 'My father, in his youth, added to Ills tailing of a soldier that of an amateur musi cian and actor. He hailed from the Eme rald Isle, by-thc-way. having been born in no less a distinguished place than. Coi-ii. lie entered the army vit the age of eighteen, and his youthful appearnce rendered him peculiarly adapted 'to fenuiie parts: his greatest success was achieved in the ehar.io ter of Blanche of Devon. -?niall wonder, then._ that his sons should have rohen'a-d a liking for theatrical performances, :mj in my own. case the liking has grown keener with increasing years. AVhile I was ytc a boy in the knickerliocker .stage of existence my brothers had already reached the age .when, young men are considered compet Hit. to look after themselves, and they were therefore privileged to go to the theativ. Their accounts, of such great actors as G. V. Brooke and Joseph Jefferson, who about that time (the early sixties) appeared tit our only the.ttre in Gilles Aicatle gave me ample food for reilection. How '1 should like to see tiiese irreax men! About 'that time also the town was set in a furore by the appearance of Lady Don. Even the sweet shops perpetuaited her name by manu facturing immense sticks of rainbowco four^d 'rock'' with the words 'Lady Don' in red letters deeply embedded in the recesses of the popular confection. Speaking of Lady Don reminds me that there were three titled ladies in Adelaide at the time— Lady Don, Lady Charlotte Bacon, and Lady 'Daly— on the'strength of which fact some one suggested that Ade laide reminded him of an' advertisement in a baker's window, whore you might ieud 'Bakin' Don(e) Da(i)Iy.' The perpetrator of this atrocity still lives. ,'J. L. Hall and his clever wife, Emily Wisaman, were run ning a company at the old 'Vic'' in 1S67, and from some old programmes I see that they were playing ''Colieen I3a\ni,' 'Une- qualled Match,' 'Octoroon,' and other stock plays. Among well-known. memba'S of the company were Stuart O'Brien, Joe Eayncr, Tilly Earl, the Edouiiu-, and Charles Young, who was stage manager. ~Mv. A. J. Solomon, who afterwards kept the Bleinheim Hotel, in Hindley-street; (now Tattersall's), was the lessee of the Theatre, uud on the occasion of his benefit about This time he offered a. silver watch and chain for the author of the best conundrum bearing on the performance. The prize was won by Mr. Fred Anderson, still in Ade laide, with the following: — 'What passage in Scripture does the les see's benefit remind you of?'' 'That in which it says that 'The W'Uc men came from afar to behold Solomon in all his glory!'' The point, of course, lay in the fact that !Mi.-s Wiseman had recently come from Melbourne to assist at the play. MY FIRST PLAY. My desire to see a theatrical performance, instead of having to be content with a description of one by somebody who had s;en it, was at last gratified; for during the yc.tir 1S67 William Saurin Lyster, of affec tionate musical memory, brought over an opera company to play a -scoson of English and grand opera at the Victoria Theatre. This season was on the occasion of the visit of the Duke of Edinburgh to our shores, and was the second trip of Lystet to Adelaide. Those were in truth the days of grand opera. The musical trifles which pass for operas nowadays, though often very tuneful and highly entertaining, were unknown then. And what artists we had to interpret the sublime creations of the great masters! Look at the names! Henry Squires and Lucy Escott, Fanny Simonsen, Geraldine Warden, Georgia Hodson, Ada King, De Haga — poor old De Haga, who was continually ''indisposed'' — Kitts, Sut cliffe, Armes Beaumont (who had just pre- viously flashed upon the musical firma- ment). Baker, with George Loder, Fred Lyster, Johnny Hall, and Dick White, all at various times conducting. Never since, with one exception, have we liad such an array of talent as that company possessed, and that one exception was the first Italian Opera. Company brought here under the management of William Lyster and Cagli. That company included the Coys, Bosnati, Dondi, Coliva, Toumeri and his wife, Fa vas, Zanoni, Magi. Bartolemeotti (the fun ny little prompter with the bow legs), and Zelman, the conductor, who when lost in thought had a peculiar habit of sucking his thumb. But to return to my first visit to a theatre, Lyster's Company, as I have said. were playing a season at the old 'Vic.;' and, as I had been particularly attentive to the grooming of my brother's horse, perhaps with the ulterior object of obtaining a 'tip,' he one night obtained the pater's consent— or was it the mater's? I think, somehow, the mater's word was law with regard to the movements of her 'baby bojr —however, he obtained permission^ to take We to theopera. First impressions are lasting, and if I should live to the age ot the gentleman with the long ?name men tioned in the'Bible— which heaven forbid— I shall never forget that performance. The opera was 'The Bohemian fiirl,' and I had the pleasure of witnessing Beaumont's re turn to the boards after his accident while out shooting with William Lyster. That acci dent, by the- way, which ended in the loss of an eye to Beaumont, was the cause of much gossip at the time. The cast of the opera, which was as follows, is as fresh in my memory as if it were but yesterday:— Counf Arn'heini, J. H. Suteliffe: Thaddeus, Amies Beaumont; Devilshoof, J. E. Kitts; FJorestein. W. F. Baker: Queen, Mrs. Ada King; Ax-line, Madam Lucy Escott. THE OLD AXD THE NEW'. I have seen the opera performed many times since then; indeed, I have more than once had the pleasure of staging it myself, but I have never seen a better cast than that of Lyster's Comnanv. The opera is slowly dropping out of notice, and owes its survival solely to the popularity of some of its airs: but, as a local Pressman recently said— 'It has done its duty well, and may now, as an opera, be consigueel to the liinbo of oblivion.' During that season i saw '.Maritana,' erroneously said to have been written in Australia, with Squire? and Es- ? cott in the principal roles. Squires was a phenomenon, according to all accounts; for it was generally believed that, although he did not understand music, he_ could yet sing the tenor parts in thirty-five operas. I cannot vouch for the truth of this state-' incnt; btifc I know that most people be lieved it in those days, and there are many alive who assert it now. I remember that the gallery was a favourite resort of the city clerks and young men of moderate in eome.% as it is now: and the usual struggle used to take place for front seats. On this occasion I was a little scared at a scuffle in the front row between a local solicitor and a late Government official. The former gentleman had squeezed himself into a front sc;-t to the evident discomfort of his imme diate neighbours; and the official on one .-iut\ and ;:n equally irate Olympian -m the other, solemnly declared that if he did not withdraw they would throw him into the pit. After a considerable amount of scuf ilinc the solicitor deemed it advisable to withdraw. The opera in those days was frequently followed by a billet, and on this occasion the companv produced the 'Boat- man of the Ohio.' I had never seen even a circus or a minstrel troupe at that time, and the antics of a nigger in this ballet played by one of the well-known Leopold family— s'o tickled ' my .fancy that for days afterward* I was sore from .laughing. The premiere danscuse was Fraulein Fanny, but her style of dancing has long been super-, seded by the high-kick-and-pese artist and the skirt d:ince, in which the skirt often plays a more important part than the dance. A TRAGIC INCIDENT. The or.ly other opera I saw during that tcisou was 'Lurline/* which, 1 think, has never - since ..been, T pi o.duced in Adelaide. The performance was. attended with a most tragic finale; for, during the last scene, which represented a group of fairies and a lealistie shower of gold, Miss Leicester, one of the ballet and an adopted daughter of Mr. Stone, who was a much- respected scenic artist of the old school, caugut tire and was burned to death. As soon as the audience saw the poor girl's dress in flames and heard her piteous cry a rusl^was made for the doors; and in this I confess I took a prominent part. However, as on reaching the street .1 found myself comparatively clone,- 1 quietly returned and saw Madam Escott addressing the audience, and by her coolness and presence of mind convincing them that they were in no danger. Her ac tion certainly prevented a serious panic; and so firmly avIis it impressed upon my mind that many years afterwards, being in a similar position myself in a densely crowd ed hall when the stage caught tire, I was enabled to arrest a panic by actiug in' :s siiiiilar way; and, although suffering acute pain from burns, and shaking in every limb, by standing boldly before the audience and assuring them that there was no danger, I had the satisfaction of seeing order quick ly restored and the -performance continued. One funny episqde In ' connection with that tire was the sight of a well-known lady vo calist endeavouring to climb over the seven foot paling fence and making futile efforts to drag with her the seven-foot train of her concert dress. SOME ANECDOTES. I h.ivc moire than once mentioned Mr. fclutcliffe's name, and I will conclude this chapter by relating one or two anecdotes about him, the truth of which, if he is alive and should read these recollections, he will, I am sure, vouch for. He used to visit our house, and sometimes, if the opera v.ere oue in which he ihad a long wait, no uould slip his walking dress over his coi tume and run down for u chat, hastening back in time for his call. This plan had. worked out satisfactorily so often that Sut diffe began to get reckless; aud one night, when playing 'Semiramide,' he returned to the theatre just in time to hear the music leading u» to. his cue being played in the crehestra. He was playing the part of the ghost of Xinus. At a certain bar,' as those acquainted with the opera will remember, the tomb -opens and the ghost of the de funct king sings a recitative. There was a rush, a hasty casting oft of nineteenth century costume, a hastier donning of the garb of ancient Nineveh without the ceremony of buttoning, when the tomb opened and discovered the apparition of Minus, with garments considerably dis arranged, and panting as If he had been competing in a Sheffield handicap. The next morning yutcliffe was advised by the critics to take lessons in the art of breath ing. On another occasion, having a night oil, he sat down to a sumptuous repast of spring onions, a vegetable for which he had a_ particular weakn-ass. Having regaled liimself thoroughly^ he threw himself into a lounge, and, lighting a cigar, prepared to make himself comfortable for the evening. Suddenly a knock is heard at the front door. Mr. Suteliffe is wanted at the Theatre. One of the artists is indisposed, and the opera has been changed at the last moment. Hastening to the theatre, he dressed for the pait, and went on. During one scene he had to make desperate love to Madam Simonsen. SutelifiVs frantic efforts to keep on the leeward of the lady, lest she should catch a whiff of the 'Spanish forget-me-nots,' were amusing to . behold, especially by the -few friends whdjtfere 'in the know.' At last- madam lostjSjjj: ; patience, and whispered — '(Hj||Mistare Sutcleef, you call yourself a lovfip? You are as cold as an iceberg.' P^^Butcliffe began to grow desperate, andi^jjuA' next embrace was a most pas sionate' one, the result being that Madam Simonaen received the full flavour of the onions. 'Ugh! Mstare Sutcleef!' she exclaimed, ''you yulgare man! You haf been eating garlic!' ? ? ? 