Calendar for the Coming Week. 24\. Thibd Sunday after Pentecost— Na- tivity of Sb. John the Baptist, Vespers (2nd) of the Feast. Sb. Augustine remarks that while the Ohuroh oelebrates the feasts of other saints on the day of their death, as being that of their entrance into eternal life, she keeps as a festival the day of St. John the BftDtiab'a birfch. henaiiRfl hn came into the world not as a sinner bub as a eaint, having been sanctified in his mother's womb by our blessed Lord. Of 8b. John, the angel foretold—' He shall be great befoie the Lord, and shall drink no wine nor strong drink, and he shall be filled with the Holy Ghost even from his mother's womb'. And he shall oonverb many of the child, ren of Israel to the Lord their God. And ho shall go before him in the Spirit I and power of Elias ' ... to pre pare unto the Lord a perfect people.' The Son of God speaking of Sb. John says: 'There hath not risen among them that are born of women, a greater than John the Baptist.' The glorious martyrdom of St. John is commemo rated on August 29ch. 25\. Monday— Sb, Gallioanus, Martyr. St. GnllioanuB, a Roman officer of high rank, resigned his position in order ? to devote himself to the service of the eiok poor. He received the orown of martyrdom at Alexandria in Egypt, during the reign of Julian the Apostate, about 362. 20\. Tuksday- SS. John and Paul, Martyra. Like St. Gallioanus, these two Roman offioers were martyred during the reign of Julian the Apostate. Their names have always been famous in the Ohuroh, but only scanty r^oords are preserved of their lives and nnflorings, 27\. WHDNMSDAY-St. William, Abbot. St. William, a native of Northern Italy, inspired with tho desire of lead ing a penitential life, retired to a lonely spot named Monte Vergine, near Bene vento. Having been followed by many persona desirous to plaoe their souls under his guidance, he established a religious oongregation, which was after wards united to the Benedictine Order. Sh William died in 1142, 28\. Thursday— St. Loo II., Pope and Oon feasor. , . Sb. Leo wan a Sicilian by birfch, During a short Pontifioateof 10 months he enacted many wise and useful laws for the reform of discipline, and the regulation of Divine Worship. Sb. Loo pasBod to a better life, a.d,, 03, 29\. Fhiday -SS. Pofcor and Paul, Aposblos, Spoolnl Devotion, 8b. Potor was known originally as Simon Barjona, that is Simon, son of John. The name Peter that is, Rook, was given to him by our Lord to signify that he was to bo the solid foundation of Ohriat's future Ohurah. 'I say to theo,' said Christ), 'that thou art Potor (that is Rook) and upon this Rook I will build my Ohuroh, and tho gatoB of hell shall not provail against) it, &o;,' This Bolomn promise of Ohriat vraa fulfilled after Ilia rosurroobion ?when ho said to Sb. Pofcor :—' Food my lambs, food my shoop '—wardu whiah in bho figurative language of the Haat) signify tho oxoroiso of Hupromo power ovor tho Ohuroh, Tho principal evonfcu in tho life of St. Pofcor— his imprison, inont, hla aovornmont of tho Ohuroh from Aufclooh, and dually from Romo, uru aomtuornoratod by apodal fonatn, To'doy wo oonaidor moro particularly (ho aloriouB doath by which ho alontul for his formor denial of his Dlvino Master. Mb. Potor wan crucified at Rome, under the Emperor Nero about the year 67. St. Paul is associated with St. Peter in this day's solemnity because, after having laboured with him for the con version of Rome, he received the crown of martyrdom on the same day. In the diocepo of Ballarat this day is observed as a Holiday of Obligation. 30\. Saturday. — Commemoration of St. Paul, Apostle. The miraculous conversion of St. Paul is commemorated on January 25. After his baptism he spent three years pre paring himself in solitade and prayer for the work of the Apostolate. At the end of that time he proceeded to Jerusalem to oonfer with St. Peter. Dur ing his stay in the holy city he preached in the synagogues with such suooegq that tho Jews endeavoured to take away his life. The missionary labours, which he thus undertook, terminated only with his death. The history of these labours, of his journeys and Bufferings oooupies the greater part of the book of the Acts of the Apostles. In the midst of hiB labours he found time to write to different ohurohes I he 14 Epistles which form portion of the New Testament, and which manifest so clearly his lively faith, his steal for souls, and especially his ardent love of his crucified Lord. St. Paul was beheaded outside Rome near the place where the magnificent basilioa, whioh bears his name, nnw stands. — From the ' Austral Light.' The Sydney daily paper' published cable grams some few weeks btck staging the Fenian pro-Boers had attempted to blow up a look on the Welland Canal. TIib outrage, whioh made Canada shiver from Halifax to the Klondike, turns out to be a fiah story. The New York ' Freeman's Journal,' says : — ?' Ib was first thought to bo a Boer plot. Then the Fenians gor, credit for ib, and then the Buffalo grain sooopers. Ib nnw turns out thab , two of the three men ' taken in bhe aob' are native Englishmen and the third an Irishman ; that they wore drunk, and thab they had been using dynamite only to stun and oatoh fish that are found in tho oanal, whose waters (low from Lake Erie. Tho Dominion is safe, bub ib might bo well to keep a vigilant lookout for tho Transvaal Navy.' Lord Roberts hav'ng roported thab tho Boer officials with whoso May salaries Pre sident Kruger levanted reoeivod him ab Preboria with unoxpeoted enthusiasm, san guine persons and personages in various parts of Australia, having recovered from bho effects of the Mafeking and Johan nesburg rejoicings, huvo commenced bo 'make arrangements for jubilabipn ' whon paaao is deolarod,' The South Australian Government has promptly pioneered the way, and mappod out a proujrammo of national rejoicing, equally distinguished for its patriotic) spirit and economy. When Oom Paul arrives ab bhe u bibfcor end ' ho is dotorminod bo ohow, when bhe Boor guorilla have been oloarod or sburvod out of their moun tain laainoflBoa, and bho Auobralian Imperial Bushmen are preserving poaoo, order and harmony in bhe wilder discriots of the bwo ox-Boor republics, every child in South Aus tralia will roooivo a aoppor modal— Histo nob spooifiod at present, bub valuo prutmmably not to bo much less than one halfpenny. Than fiO.OOO children— why tho balance is omitted is not yob explained—will bo ' pro vided with moans of enjoyment ab a cost of Orl oaoh,' Juvenile ourioaiby in South Aus« triil I a numb bo burning like a fiery furnace until Parliament moots atid an explanation of thoso ' moumi of enjoyment' -h afforded. They will probably have time after that to forgot all about it before tho day of holiday uud orijoymonb urrivoo. 