THE TBiLNSYAAl, DESPATCH. ThiiBk Heaven it is ail c-vcr ! I can bivtu.e f-e_lv-cau vaguely grasp how lhat cue iaaal slip of mine, at a moment when the scales in the Transvaal were balancing so breathlessly,- might hav© come near to spelling a national disaster. booking back, it ail seems dreamlike incredible. My hatd-earned holiday-1 bad worked in the Cape Government of fice nearly three years without one-was not due ior six months more. Five inin nates beiore the chief of my dc-p&rtin.;'fctit called me in and handed me the locked leather case I had not the faintest idea that I was to be let off those six months and, moreover, to eariy a despatch invest ed, -in the light of possible events, with aa importance beyond words. There it, is. You thoroughly under stand*? Straight to the Colonial Office, and don't lose sight of it for a moment. It may mean war; it may mean nothing. Whether or no, a. dozen newspapers in IiOndon would pay any price to be able to publish it before it is read in the House of Commons-if ever it is. And if that happened ! Your berth has been booked in the Cape Castle, and you start! to-morrow morning.' That was it. i know I went in a qui ver of indescribable suspense all the voy age, parity for fear anyone might dis cover what it was I guarded so jealously tin that corner of my cabin and partly be cause I was free-free to marry Lottie, whose last quivering words had be?n: 'Go, if you must, Brian-if it means advance ment; but I never expect -to see you again!' And here 'was Southampton in eight, and in my pocket the superb blue diamond she was to wear on our wedding day. What an exquisite surprise ! She Vould know nothing until the moment when I handed in my card. The one person in the world 1 had dared to trust was her brother, Jack Hamlyn, the oldest and best friend I had. 1 had telegraphed to his rooms from Mad eira, just hinting that my luggage'was ^valuable, and telling him to meet the vessel at Southampton, and even in that I hadtaken the precaution to use a crude code that we had concocted in the old ro mantic days at school. His. would be safe "company until the despatch wasdJiverel, and then-but the rest was too intoxi cating to bear thinking upon. At last ! The Cape Castle had kept her time almost to the hour. Feeling just a trifle sick and strange after the long suspense, I had passed the Customs, and stood staring round for Jack Hamlyir. The telegram had surely reached him Jie would understand it-he would be here well in time? Yes! A few minutes of uncertainty, and then: "Brian, old fellow -yes, it is you!' struck on my strained par. 'Jack!' I tpun round almost convul javely. Himself !-and vet somehow, the first thrill ever, I felt something like a chill of disappointment. Was it that my old' chum's hand had scarcely the old bear-like grip? In the lamplight, too, he looked curiously haggard and aged. I stood, with a sort of prescience. 'Overcome, limn? I hardly wonder all 1 his time! Oh, aye,- I forgot-I'ie given up my b ard since you went.5 And we both laughed. 'This way; I'm simply dy ing to hear all about it.' He had my arm in the dd impetuous fashion now. Ueen waiting hours! No, not a soul dreams of - your having arrived-trust me! Lottie? Er-yes, die's right enough, I believe.' *$elieve?' J stopped dead. Sis voice had trailed off strangely. 'Jack,' I whis pered, huskily, 'you look -you've some thing to iell me! Isn't she-isn't she just tte same? Her last letter ' *Why, of course!' He laughed f» bois terously at n:y whitened face that the weight slipped off my mind at once. No thing had happened! 'Do you think I'd dec-eive you, Brian?' he was saying. The idea! Another twelve hours or so, and youH have the joy of seeing the old flush dance Into her cheeks. But what was it you meant in the cable about--' aTwelve hours! I'm going on by the first train-now at once. I must! Instruc tions-; straight to Colonial Office, you know.' . Tleally?' It was Jack's turn to stare now. There, now: and I've taken the troub'e to get rooms at the hotel close here and e good meal all ready for you, thinking you'd start home first thing in the morning. Why, I doubt whether there's any train to-night-all the pas sengers are stopping. Besides, you couldn't see Lottie till to-morrow, any how, could yGu?' 'No, of course not. Only:-' I stood a minute tuinirg it over. One night could make no difference-the authorities would net be in attendance (ill morning. I had landed eafsly, and Jack was lur: dear old Jack Haiulyn. 'Gome alone, ilreu; you take the big box. I'm g!?.d I wired now.' Fifteen minutes later wo were .-iitirg In a private room at the hotel. The rk-s I -a tea. -,\as pave in my small ? mnk. If on y Lottie could *ec us at tliat minute-how her brown velvety eyes would widen! If only the London editors, eagerly compet ing for information, had guessed at the contents of that lltlle leather case! 'Just imagine!' Jack repeated, craning himself over the red coals. I liad just told him; there was no secret In the world I should have dreamed of wii hold ing from Jack. Eh? I'm looking awfully queer? Pooh, it is you who have taken a fresh stock of vitality out yonder. Dad and the others?-yes, aU going well pud strong.® '' 4 Ail?' I dropped "my voice-I was touching on the family skeleton here. 'Ev -you don't inelude Wilfred, of course? No change "or hope in that direction, I suppose? I've never heard a word of him.' 'And you won't, Brian!' Jack whis pered that, with a hand to his eyes-he had been the last to taboo that scape- Y grace brother of his, I knew. 'He doesn't count-a hopeless outsider-\rc* don't mention his name, if we can help it. liv ing? Kb one knows: at least, it's some days since he last came trying to squeeze more money by lies from me, and-and you know what I've done for him in times past. "But drop that now. You' wrote home about some diam nds-do show me!' Turned them all into cadi at a pro fit,' I laughed; 'all exeept one, that I've had set in a brooch for-you can guess who. It's in the big trunk; you can se# it when we go up to bed.' So we chatted on,, till an irresistible drowsiness crept over me. I was dozing as Jac-k talked: and soon after nine o'clock I caught up the small trunk and declared for bed and a clear head in the morning. The morning-the significant morning! I should be thanked by the Col or ial Scie^ary himself!. . . Up we _weat. Oh! my huzziug brain! Try a? I would, tired ns'i felt, 1 could not quite succeed in losing ccuseiousnc s. Had 1 dons wrong in staying hereV-might the delay cf even those few hours mean danger? was I quite sure I had locked the door?' ] raveking! Once or twice I wliis peed to Jack in the bed opposite, but only a prolonged 'Ch r-r-h!" answered me. Finally, I gave up trying and lay fram ing Tjottie's oval face in that wavering reflection of the gaslight overhead. Heav < n alone knew what it had meant to leave the woman one longed for, ai^d now Oh. what was that? A clock down stair.? had just struck eleven -times, and at the last stroke Jack had swayed silent-: ly up in bed, and sat staring across in my direction. A query was on mj Ups, but I could not seem to sound it. Per haps my eyes, were nearly closed, but I could see enough to make me lie perfect ly s?ti,l, while a kind of mysterious mis giving crept through me. Why, I hard ly knew-I must have been inspired by sheer instinct. But Jack over there, he had lifted himself out of bed with a queer stealth, he had taken a step, and still he fctared across in that unnerving way. I wanted to spring up and gasp an end to the spell, but there seemed a mesmeric numbness in my limbs. Why, on that c-r li ed face of his-almost chalk-white it looked in the low glimmer of the gaslight between us-was there an indescribable expression of mixed dread and evil! Mer ciful heavens! did it mean that Jack, my oldest and dearest chum, Who had chased butterflies with me in the meadows twenty years ago. .... One more etealthy step, as if to make quite sure of-yes-of my sublime un consciousness. Now, he was hesitating, like a man weighing all the odds for and against seme design; now he was dip ping on his clothes. . . Fully dre& red, hat, boots and all! He took* some thing from his pocket, stole across quiet ly, and dropped it ever so lightly* across my face-a silk handkerchief. . The thing seemed too paralysing for sanity.-1 remember I counted just sixty-a minut* «f nameless horror for me; and not till afterwards did I know why I made no sound or sign. Then my teeth closed on a fold of the talk, and drew it down & iittle; I could just sea. . . . If ever a man's heart stood all bat Still through sick amazement, mine did then. rlW Transvaal despatch! He meant to steal it -to sell Its signed contents at a price -to set England ringing with news that might hurry on an awful crisis! The key in my trousers pocket; he had found it, opened the small trunk-was half-way to the door with the precious leather case. He Was gone-no-he hesitated again, tip. toed back, and was on his knees beside the big box. Jack Hamlyn, the brother of the woman whose love had been my guardian angel-he alone knew of my re turn ; he meant ito rob me of my honor and of my valuables besides. Thing of it! Perhaps a minute passed -and he had not found the blue dia mond. Of course! Another minute and he would remember that, after making it flash before his eyes, I had placed it in ithe belt pocket round my waist, along" with a roll of bank notes. To come at that, he would need to rouse me-to kill, me! , And he would do it. Of a sudden he got to his feet-had recollected. And now- did I live a hundred years longer, I could never forget how the cold sweat crawled out upon me at that moment his hands were, pluckim? hack the bed clothes. ... .Thief!5 The one choking Word bur^t (it'i my hps as I panted up. Thank heaven! That contact had broken the .unaccount able lethargy, and for the next moment I knew nothing except that I really had ti* r throat in an insane grip, for getting. ail but the one monstrous fact that he had attempted the most despic able part that- a uiiin could plav upon another What next ? Why, there was a \--in d struggle-deadly shock and baulked design on his-part, and incredu lous passion on mine. And then-then I iiadjeent Iiim reeling back to tli© floor in a spasm of loathing. Just the one dull bmnp-there he lay, quite etUl, ^ f Dead? .! did not pause toknow. Daz trecdbling with the reaction^ I had. filly a wild longing to be out of "the place before be stirred. How I dressed I shall never kuo jt; but in a minute or so I was at the door, the despatch safe in my poc ket. Down the staircase I went, and per liaps^uckily,there happened to be no one at the hptel entrance to intercept me, or T worse might have happened- Now I was " out in the sweet night air, hurrying I had . 31a Idea ivhere.-Only to leave the place ^ and lhat prone scoundrelbehind! Hea vens! that struggle was shuddering upon me Bfiil: The precious despatch-the Col onial Office. . . f r' 'Brian! Brian! .. : . . It's.Brian! Quick <^4ierer W-what was that? The wild cry,from <t woman's lips, pulled me up and parti ally back to sense before, as it seemed. \- I had goc« a hundred yards. |Brian !' rang through my confused brain. Waa that-was that Lottie's own dear voice? .-had the world come to its endl K was Wholly too much for my strained nerves? there came a eort of Wank. They told \- me afterwards lhafc. I eaaght ast a railing and sSid down beside it faetpJessly. Why, yets-think of it! A sob, a broken 'Thank God! Oh, thank God for this!-and my eyes opened. ' What <a dream! My Lottie herself, white and sweet, holding both my hands. Quite enough! After that, I kno-v what th« touch of firm ground 'to the i Jtk of a drowning man must be. ^Got it. dear-the diamond-for the Wedding.® I recollect whispering up, In quite a childish ecstaey. 'Shines BO beau tiful!' ... 'Better, sir?, asked a policeman. *Aye. better now, old man?, echoed' awoither deep voiee, that startled me to my senses . on nothing else could have dune. Why, the man who had been supporting mie in his arms 'J-Jack!' I gasped, staring wildly. *Yes, yes, we know all-or we guess-. Never mind," so long as we're here in time. 6h» not a word now, for his own sake, if not ours.' He whispered it In* my ear and I' knew it was indeed my Jade Ham lyn, if only by the touch of has beard. 'Tdl us allaft rwarda. I've blund ied;and a scoundrel- hafe taken advantage of it to try on the dirtiest trick of his eontemp .tible ISfe. Wilfred! . . . Itere, con stable, it's all light; show us to a decent heibel!' In less than an hour I had. come out of.darkness into suntshSirae indeed, and was able to sae to thle end of what had -seem ed an appalling mystery. My fatal slip my cablegram in codel Jack, it appeared, who rented bachelor apartments rear the City had receiveds the message .from Madeira in due course. Mystified ait first, he had at length man aged to translaitse the words into sense, and made ^arriangemenfe to be at South ampton to meet the veasel. On the all Important day, while at breakfast, he rec ollected some vital business affair, and hurried off to catch h2s business paefcaier, leaving the mesriage and i£s solution be side his plate, and, in that unlucky inter . Val, something happened. Wilfred, Ms scapegrace brother, had called there-for montey, doubtless, as he often did-seal the message, ard, quick brained as he was uarfeerapuHous, had 5n vstantly conceited some idea ofmle>eiing me in the character of Jack <and making off with the valuables I bad hinted ait How? There .was Jack's coffee (on. the stove-the landlady said Mr. Hamlyn would be back insSde half an ihour-the schemer saw his likjeliest chance Sa & flash. Hie half hour had sufficed. With out knowing why or how, Jack had come out of a deadly stupor 3ate in the after noon, to find that the locked door had been forced, and Lottie and the doctor, went for by his landlady, bending over him. Drugged!-probably with, the bulk of the very opiate Vihch had been put into my own glass at the hotel* hours later. Only recollecting that Wilfred had been and had seen the cablegram, Jack in stantly went off to catch the evening ex press to Southampton-and, needless to slay, nothing in the world would prevent the woman I loved from accompanying him. An anxious tramp with the police mas through Southampton streets, mak ing inquiries everywhere-arid Jthen I had rushed by them like a ghost. Yes, it was a dever plot conceived so swiftly, and carried out with a stagger ing success-only that my overwrought blfcin liad tested the drug rod trailed the scale just In the sick of lane. Ami ; Bet the je^st sirangepait cf the affair avi:.S that, rnaldng inquiry lale that eventful mgli'r, we found that Willrcd Handy n had contrived to came to Las senses and slip out ef the hctei nniioti,;»,d- with only n.y small tiii trunk and its few conWeails to eompacate him for his cunning and risk. . . . 'He is welcome to that,' says Lottie, with tears in her eyes. And,; all things considered, I agree. For, as it ttiraed' out,- the contents of i hat despatch \rore never divulged Co the pub lic. In the light of subsequent events, I can only tremble at the thought of what might have happened had they seen the light of day in the columns -of an enter pr'slpg none-sLeet. 