THE BOTTLE, THE SOVEREIGN, AND THE STRANGE MAN. Though he had the misfortune to be born under the demoralising autocracy of Russia, Paul Regi at an early age developed excellent qualities of mind and heart. When quite a youth he rescued more than one person from drowning at imminent peril to his own life. Ere his education could be properly completed his father, who had been a distiller in a good way of business, toppled into bankruptcy that proved his complete financial ruin. Paul immediately abandoned his books and resolutely applied himself to the handling of the tools and in turnery. He made quick progress in the art, and was soon able to afford his patents that material support they so much needed. Probably all would have gone well and the position of a flourishing tradesman in the rigorous country of his birth have been his, but for the grinding law of conscription. The time was rapidly approaching when the army would claim him; when he must endure in silence the ferocity of brutish officers; when the dear ones he loved so well would be bereft of the bread his labour could win for them so long as he was free. His yearning thoughts turned to England, the land of liberty and of gold. Even in his narrow straits he had managed to save some money. He promised himself that if he could only reach our shores high wages would reward his handicraft, and so he could easily remit to those he had left behind a weekly sufficiency to keep them easy. But Russian is a prison, with its frontiers guarded by an iron cordon of inexorable sol- diers, who shoot with deadly aim where they cannot capture. For a young workman, just ready for conscription, to escape through this lynx-eyed line is almost impossible, so greedy is the Tsar of his human war material. Where danger is men arise willing to attempt to conquer it, and cunning is already ready to spring' to the defeat of the most nicely considered plans. So on the European borders of the great land there are those who make a trade of smuggling folks out of it. The peril is great, but these people face it for a comparatively small reward. Yet it took an anxious time for Paul to find one willing to attempt his business, and to adapt the toil to his slender purse. For many days I have been talking with Rulfsi, the miller," said the young man at last to his father, showing the latter an easier face than had been common of late, "and I have prevailed on him to try and get me across the frontier. But he wants almost as much money as I possess. No matter for that ! Once in England I will make plenty more." May the Lord be with you and preserve you !" was all his distressed parent could murmur. I tremble at the thought of the risks you will run, my dear Paul.' said his mother; ' but anything is better than the awful con- scription. The army could mean nothing but death to you, who are of a delicate con- stitution and unaccustomed to the hardships and cruelties that would meet you there. God bless you and protect you! I shall pray for you day and night." '' Have no fear," cried the youth, with all the gaiety he could command. ' Keep up brave hearts. I feel confident of success. Ah ! when you get my first letter from London how happy you will be, and how proud !" The miller had to convey a load of flour across the jealously-guarded border line on a certain date, and the scheme was to pass Paul through as a sack of the same. The attitude he was forced to assume was a constrained one, made the less endurable because the intervals between the angles formed by his crouching body had to be filled up with the suffocating meal. He was tightly wedged in among other sacks. His physical sufferings, to say nothing of his desperate anxieties, almost mastered his strength. It was a supreme moment for trembling hope when the sentries roughly challenged Rulfsi, and kept him dawdling in the road while his papers were examined with irritating deliberation by a military Jack-in-office, who never lost an ?opportunity of humiliating a civilian. Suspicions and keen eyes travelled over the contents of the van, while bayonet points were wantonly thrust into some of his sacks to the miller's shrinking of heart lest the fugitive should be pierced and the attempted outrage on the holy government of the Tsar stand detected. Presently— it seemed a lifetime to the half - swooning Paul— all formalities were success- fully concluded. Rulfsi smacked his whip, his cattle readily answered the appeal, and soon dreadful Russia lay behind them, and they were in a freer land. But farther and still farther the miller drove ere he dared to pull up and release his hidden passenger from the agony of his posi- tion. When he reached a well-hidden place he dismounted. A moment later he assisted Paul to emerge from the coarse material which had confined him. The latter looked more like a ghost than a man, both by reason of the flour which covered him, and his ex- haustion. So far, he had gained his freedom; was half dead, and well-nigh penniless. The fare he paid to Hamburg left him completely so. Bruised and famished, he waited several starving days for one who had promised to meet and relieve him there. The expected succour never arrived, and Paul was reduced to the direst necessity, when chance cast him in the way of a man holding some authority on one of the many cattle boats which trade between London and the dirty German port they were in. "I will take you across," said the man, " but you will have to make yourself useful on board, and lend a hand with the beasts." Paul accepted the queer offer with avidity. What sort of a figure the broken and emaciated turner cut among the ugly sur- roundings, and amid the sick and terror- stricken cattle, can easily be imagined. Probably nothing on board was so useless, so much in the way as he. But he reached his goal— the brightest star of his utmost dreams. A last he was within the magic circle of his golden London ! And he hungered for crusts, and saw with naked eyes in the sweaters' realm of Whitechapel his brethren still under the crushing heel of despotism, gasping for. nourishment, perishing for lack of shelter. His fervid dreams were chilled. Yet, though his disappointment was deep, he was not utterly cast down. He sought work with dogged perseverance, tramping day after day the wearying streets of the strange city, meeting rebuff with a calmness that had something terrible, as well as heroic, about it. He knew nothing of our language. He was unfamiliar with the shifts and tricks which enable the professional loafer, to make a workless life fairly easy. He shrank from the workhouse as from a pestilence. All the wretchedness he endured will never be completely known, except to the thousands of eager- eyed and craving men who at this moment are suffering all the gnawing agonies he battled against, and, like him, in silence. It was natural that he should drift into East-end slums where so many of his country- men scrape out an existence in strange ways. Then it was that he at last found comforts, but not before he was almost at the end of life's tether. A stickmaker, whom 'we will call Mr. Broad, took compassion on him, offered aim a chance in his workshop, and was soon glad to find him an industrious and well-disposed workman, who was most expert at turning handles. It did not take Paul Regi long to again stand, in a humble way, financially firm. His amiable disposition, sobriety, and appli- cation won his master's warm regard. 'I think we ought to ask Paul to join us in the evening sometimes,'' said Mr. Broad to his wife. 'He has no friends in London, and there are many temptations here to lure a steady man to his ruin— especially when he is thrown too much on his own resources at night.' The good-natured lady agreed readily to the proposal, and Paul became a frequent and welcome visitor within their home circle. Shy at first, he quickly gained confidence, and bore himself with much ease and gaiety. Mrs. Broad, had an unmarried sister, whose charm of person and manner soon won Paul's affections. As his attentions to her became more pro- nounced, it was plain to their friends that the pretty girl herself cherished a warmer feeling than regard for him. Yet he was diffident about making his declaration. Paul's modesty was conspicuous, and he feared that his hopes bordered on audacity. All daring love at last forced the avowal from his lips, and to his great joy he was not only accepted by the object of his honest affections, but the engagement was approved of by his master, and by the damsel's mother. "'Of course, Paul,'' said the stickmaker, "there can be no thought of marriage until you have put by sufficient money to start wedded life with a comfort- able home at least." " Have no fears on that score, Mr. Broad," replied the young fellow brightly. 'We will sit on our own chairs, eat off our own table, and sleep on our own bed. I am too much of a man to think of taking Sarah into lodgings, where she could see nothing that belonged to her. Our nest shall be of our own making." — Now came the happiest period at Paul's chequered life. His content was almost per fect. Daily he saw the one for whom his heart yearned, and week by week his store in the Post- office Savings Bank fattened. But the Fates were only playing with him; dark days came again. Gradually, but surely, business with Mr. Broad became a rapidly diminishing quantity, and for a variety of reasons quite beyond his control. The work eked out to Paul was not sufficient for his purpose, so instead of increasing his little savings he was constrained to levy toll of them week by week. A certain bitterness of spirit irked him as his hard-earned money went away piece by piece, and his dearest hopes dwindled in his hands, as it were. At last despair cankered its way into his heart, and there were brooding moments when his thoughts turned to the final way of ending human struggle. Before his funds were quite exhausted the mother of his sweetheart, with the best in- tentions, advised him to invest what was left of his meagre capital in the appliances of his trade, and to work on his own account. Paul could produce a great variety of handy articles for which there is always a sale, if only on the streets. He acted on the good woman's suggestion, but his old hopeful- ness had fled. It galled him to the quick to have to lay bare the poverty of his resources before the parent of the girl he so ardently desired to make his wife. Con- tinuous strivings and recurring disappoint- ments had worn his former dauntless spirit to a thread. He rented the second floor of a tenement house in a sordid thoroughfare in Spitalfields. When he had completed all his purchases, and, for the first evening, found himself in full possession of his new pre- mises, surrounded by the tools necessary to his labours, his satisfaction was somewhat dashed by the knowledge that the venture had exhausted his capital to the last six- pence. His sweetheart and her mother had super- tended his preparations, and they visited him the first night he was established in his new quarters. They cheered him with comforting words, and gave him every encouragement to perse- vere and conquer. When they left him, promising to call on the following morning, he appeared resolute and easy in his mind. It was about eleven o'clock the next day when they again made their appearance in the grimy street. As soon as they entered Paul's house it was seen that some tragedy had occurred there. With trembling steps they ascended the stairs, and on the first floor immediately be- neath Regi's lodging they came to full know- ledge of the horror. A woman, the tenant of the room, lay murdered on her bed. Her head had been battered about with sufficient brutality to produce insensibility. But what was more remarkable her mouth, windpipe, and gullet were burned with nitric acid. The same corrosive fluid, mixed with blood stained the bedclothes. Under the bed, close against the wall, with a large egg-chest in front of him, was the slender form of Paul Regi. He was quite insensible, and his mouth was, burned with the same acid. To be suddenly confronted by this ghastly spectacle was indescribably appalling to the girl who had given her heart to Paul. Her generous mother was equally affected. What could be the true meaning of the horror ? What dreadful mystery had now involved the young Russian in its meshes ? Awful possibilities lurked in the fact of his pre- sence in the chamber of the murdered woman. Sarah's senses reeled, and her heart was wrung by a haunting and shocking thought which she in vain strove to drive from her. Parent and daughter shrank from the place, their brains in a whirl, their eyes blinded by emotion. The aspect of the poor dead creature's husband when he heard of the shocking tidings of his loss excited the sympathy of all who saw him. 'Why!' cried he, ' at a quarter past six this morning, when I kissed her before going to my work, she was alive, and as happy as a lark, and now to see her cold, and cruelly battered — God have mercy on me!' At first it was feared that Paul would not regain consciousness, though there did not appear any reason for the loss of it. The acid must have caused him intense agony, but was not sufficient to bring about insensi- bility. There were a few insignificant scratches on his hands and forehead. No other injuries were visible, except that the skin of both his elbows was abraded. Paul's coat was found under the bed, and part of it was completely destroyed by the acid. It was covered by one belonging to the murdered woman's husband, that had been taken down from the wall where it had been hanging and placed over the damaged one. A 2oz. phial, which had contained the acid, was found in the bedclothes. The key of the door was on the inside. No time was lost in conveying Paul to the hospital, but he was slow in recovering his speech. When at last he did so he made this statement : 'I was just commencing business as a stickmaker,' declared he. It must be under- stood that we condense his story, and also the subsequent proceedings! in the courts. ' And I had engaged two men and a boy to assist me. This morning I gave one of the men a sovereign to get some brandy with. It is the custom in my country to take it with coffee before commencing the day. Besides, I needed change. I myself went out for a short walk. When I returned I found my s two men standing in the doorway of the dead woman's room. They immediately seized me and poured some burning fluid down my throat, saying at the same time, 'There's your brandy for you.' Then they demanded my money and my watch. I told them that I had neither, and they said they would do tor me as they had for the woman. I struggled with them, and my coat was half pulled off. They took it off altogether, searched my pockets,and threw me under the bed, where I became insensible, and remem- bered no more." Those who were acquainted with Paul Regi believed his story. They thought him incapable of such a horrible crime. But, allowing, for the sake of argument, that he did, in a moment of mental alienation, commit it, they thought him the most unlikely man on earth to accuse innocent men of the deed. The authorities, however, from the first re- pudiated this view, and Paul was immedi- ately arrested on the capital charge. Facts told heavily against him. An oilman deposed that on the morning of the murder he had sold to a man who was " about Regi's age,' an ounce of nitric acid. Then Paul's landlady swore that when he was found in the room of the dead woman the door was locked on the inside. But experiments made with the lock showed it to be a faulty one, and unless the handle was very carefully turned it appeared to be looked when it was not. The prisoner's lack of cash was notori- ous,and it appeared incredible that he should have possessed a sovereign to send out for brandy with at that particular crisis of his career. Again, no suspicious circum- stances whatever could be traced to the two men he accused. On the otter hand they, oddly enough, protested that they heard no woman's cry or noises of a struggle, though by their own showing they were just above the fatal room at the moment the crime must have been committed. The abrasions on Paul's arms could be accounted for by the struggles of a man on his back, but scarcely in any other way. The prisoner's solicitor did miracles of work on his behalf. Day by day the number of those who believed in the youth's inno- cence increased until it was not long before a large force of public opinion was on his side. The theory of the prosecution was that Paul, in a moment of sudden and uncontrol- lable impulse, had entered the woman's room with evil intent on her person, and that finding he had killed her in their struggle, he swallowed the acid with the in- tention of ending himself. It was generally agreed that the surroundings were too poverty-stricken for avarice to have any place in the tragedy. The country waited for the verdict with the utmost anxiety. When it was known to be one of "Guilty " a very painful feeling was created, and in many districts people stirred themselves to procure a reprieve for the condemned man, whose past regularity of life and amiability of character were widely insisted on. The fact, too, that he was contemplating marriage, and was de- voted to his betrothed, made it to many hard to believe in his guilt. An enormous sensation was caused by the death sentence on Paul Regi Crowds flocked to sign petitions in his favour, and a number of newspapers took up his defence with considerable warmth. Members of Parliament interested them- selves in him, and there were several smart verbal conflicts on the matter in the House. The Home Secretary of the day, strongly supported by the judge, was at first bent on letting the law take its coarse, but quailed before the storm of popular indignation his attitude excited, and finally he was fairly badgered into granting the unhappy young man a week's respite. It was accompanied by the following communication to the governor of the gaol: 'Be good enough to inform Paul Regi, distinctly, that the respite is granted, not from any doubt in my own mind as to the verdict or sentence, but merely to enable his solicitor to make cer- tain inquiries which he has asked to be allowed to do. The convict must clearly understand that unless these inquiries put a new aspect on the case the sentence will be carried into effect.' Paul was busy writing when this good news arrived. He tore up the manuscript he had been engaged on, and at once be- came more cheery and hopeful. His demeanour all along had been calm and in his favour. The paper which had taken up the un- happy man's defence with most violence now set to work with renewed vigor to save him. Edition after edition was produced, con- taining new points to his advantage and to increase the public ferment. ' A Fresh Batch of Fresh Evidence— The Bottle; the Sovereign; and the Strange Man;' was the way one of the sensational headings ran. The article was to the following effect: It began by saying that the race for Regi's life would be a desperately close one. It went on to state that it had been able to clear sway the mystery concerning the sovereign the prisoner said he had possessed on the morning of the crime by the dis- covery that the mother of his sweetheart had lent it to him on the previous day, together with two florins and a shilling. The ener- getic print had also lit on two bystanders who could now give evidence that the bottle found among the bedclothes had been tampered with before it was handed to the doctor. . According to their statements a friend of the murdered woman 's husband was the first to see the phial, and he secretly took it away with him lest ' his mate ' should get into trouble. Afterwards he re- turned to the room, and then a bottle was found. The woman who had been the first to enter the dreadful chamber could remember that about half-past nine on the morning of the crime she had seen the back of a strange man leaving it. She forgot to tell the judge this most pregnant fact at the trial because she was so perplexed by the ques- tions asked her. Then another man was found who could speak to having seen two strangers dash out of the house at a quarter to seven. These things, and many more to similar purpose, were put into bold type, and suc- ceeded in convincing the majority of the public, but not the powers that were. Paul Regi was inexorably ordered to be hanged when the period of his respite ex- pired. On the morning of the execution there were several bright journalists ready with slashing articles on the infamy of judicial murders ; and many members of Parliament burning for the evening, when they might hurl reproach and inventive on the timid Home Secretary. " Do you know what Paul Regi was doing when the order for the postponement of his hanging arrived ?" asked a prison official of one of these bubbling MP.'s. " Writing to his sweetheart, no doubt," was the short reply. " Not a bit of it. He was inditing a full confession of bis crime. This he destroyed when he received the respite. But as soon as he realised that there was no further hope, and the game was absolutely up, to speak vulgarly, be composed another ——" The shouting of this astonishing news by the paper- sellers in the street made in un- necessary for the gentleman to finish. Yes. To the dismay of theory and the flaunting of probability, the gentle Paul Regi stood on his own confession, not only a foul murderer, but a dastardly accuser of the innocent! Each day confronts us with psychological problems that are better food for thought than for trite moralisings, and the case of this young Russian is one of them. Perhaps it is worth adding that there are folks still living in Whitechapel who firmly believe that Paul never wrote or dictated the following griev- ous acknowledgment ; that, indeed, he died an innocent man. They say it is easy for interested people to put out such a docu- ment when the tongue of the only one who could establish beyond doubt its authenticity is stilled for ever. The published avowal runs as follows, and it does not clear up all the difficulties the case presents : "I, Paul Regi, before appearing before God in judgment, desire to speak the whole truth concerning the crime of which I am accused. I will not die with a lie on my lips, and I will not let others suffer, even on suspicion, for my sin. I alone am guilty of the murder of Rachel Bell. I thought the woman had money in her room, so I entered, the door being unlocked, and the woman asleep. I had no thought of interfering with her. I never approached her with that object, nor did I wrong her in that way. She awoke before I could search for the money, and cried out, but very softly. Thereupon I struck her on the head, and seized her by the neck, and closed her month with my hand so that she could not arouse the attention of those who were about the house. I had long been tired of my life, and had bought a penny worth of aquafortis that morn- ing for the purpose of putting an end to myself. Suddenly I thought of the bottle I had in my pocket, and drew it out and poured some of the contents down her throat. She fainted, and, recognising my desperate condition, I took the rest. The bottle was an old one I had formerly used, and was the name as that which I had taken to the oilshop. The quantity of aquafortis I took had no effect on me. Having an idea of people coming upstairs I crawled under the bed. The' woman seemed already dead. There was only a short time from the moment of my entering the room until I was taken away. In my agitation I also fainted. I do not know how my arms became abrased. I did not fed it, and was not aware of it. As to the door being locked on the inside I did that myself on entering the room, wishing not to be interrupted. I solemnly declare and believe that the men knew nothing whatever of the crime of which I have been guilty, and I alone. I implore them to pardon me for having in my despair tried to cast the crime on them. I also beseech the forgiveness of the bereaved husband. This confession is made of my own free will, and is written down by the minister at my request. May God comfort, my loving father and mother, and may he accept my repentance, and my death as an atonement for all my sins. " So ended Paul Regi's confession. It leaves much unexplained, and is as unsatisfactory as was the unhappy youth's whole life. The End. 