SCHI-CHEE. A STORY OF THE RISING IN -CHINA. (From the London "Illustrated.?aii.") "Chi-Chee heartee breakee." "'I saw you take it, you false-swearing rogue!" "Chi-Chee never robbee people he lovee," replied the Chinaman, with a smile which threatened to sever his pig tail. "Give me the money, or I'll knock your head off!" shouted his master, threateningly. "Killee, killee,- killee Chi-Chee; -please killee Chi-Chee. But I never take the money!" screamed the yellow man in piteous accents, falling on his face upon the floor of .the kitchen. Mr Clisson made a gesture of mingled amusement and disgust, and went away, leaving Chi-Chee still kneeling, upon the floor.waiting for his death-blow. When the yellow man looked up he scrambled to his feet with a:very dejected air. and looked round him. 'Saisiled that no one was watching him, he took- off his left shoe and pulled three silver coins out of the toe; smiling in a deprecating sort of way as he did so. . - - The next moment?a _'-r f ttr'ng arms seized him round the neck, fairly squeez= ing the breath out of :his wind-pipe. He fell in a heap upon the floor and.looked up at 'Mr Clitson in abject terror.. But the next moment his presence of mind re turned to him. \- "Foundee. money. 2Ir Clisson." said he, with one of his most ostentatious smiles. "Get up. you son: of a dog," replied his master, giving him a nudge with his foot. "Yodi cai tske-tbe money: as our\w;ages,; anil go." Go! Chi-Chee go! Leave a place where he could steal more than he was paid? The idea was nmore than discon certing; it had every horror in it. Chi Chee had something which is rare among his people-a temper. True, his use for it was limited - and unprofes sional; he could.not strike nor use abu sive language in his passions, they were too inward. ',The only indication of his temper was that he dropped his- pigeon English and -yapped eloquently in his native tongue.: "Son of the Stars, send. not. thy vile scum-of a servant away from. this thy Celestial abode c penace and joy!".he jab= hered. "Make me thy door-mat, wipe up the dust of the earth with my uniholy and contemptible carcase. But send' me not beyond thy threshold. There is no peace for- me where thou art not." "You go! - I've had enough and to spare of your thieving ways," Mr Clisson re plied,- in the best Chinese he could com mand. "O Warmth- of the Sun,"- murmured Chi-Chee. "thou canst not send me from thee. Let me live under the- sole of thy exquisite boots; let me.curse. my.- grand parents in the name of thy perfect lady, let dogs uproot. the bodiesof my father and mother, if I do not love thee more than the Empress-Queen." "That's enough! Do your cursing and body-snatching outside, if' it's - all the same to you." "'Look how I adore those Sparks of Fire, thy children!", persisted Chi-Chee: " I cannot live beyond' the verandah of thy house. This vile scum will die, rot, and -be dissipated to the four winds, if you turn him away." .:"Go on." said Mr Clisson, getting the yellow man between himself and the door, and attempting to hustle him out of the- apartment.' - - Chi-Chee-fixed a startled gaze at some imaginary object out in the open space at the back of the house, and while Mr Clis son was looking out of the window to die cover what the object might be, Chi-Chee picked up two spoons off the table and slipped them into his pocket. This piece of strategy accomplished he sank his head upon his.chest, and, dragging his feet wearily after him; slunk out of the house., Mr Clisson watched him pass down the road until he arrived at an opium-den, which he entered hurriedly. - - "Mr Clisson:" - - He looked-lin the optposite direction, and saw a young Englishman coming towards him. ."Hullo, Brook: "Where did you spring from ?" "Nowhere In particular: but every where in general, as far as I can judge. I've been to practically every European in Tientsin this morning, and was coming to see you. The Boxers are up." "'They generally are," Mr Clisson re plied,. smiling: "If they ;are not doing one thing, they are-planning something else." S"But I'm afraid it's serious this time. They've been on an organised march now for some time, and nobody s?ems to have had any knowledge of the fact. There is no possibld doubt that they have the moral support of Pekin, and it only requires a little flighting between them and the Europeans to put the army in their van." "Upon what'are they marching?" "Tientsin, for one objective. - And there is little chalice of moving out in any di rection than to Pelin, and----- " "That's as dangerous as remaining here, of course. Very sudden uprising, isn't it?" . "No. You see the movement has been in plan some time, butevery stephad been kept dark by the duthorlties as far as pos sible. It is not until now, when they are. practically at our doors, that we are of ficially warned." "Then the danger is imminent?" Mr Brook nodded. "An ugly feature is that the forts at Taku have been heavily . garrisoned within the last few days," he said, "That means that Pekin intends to resist any European force which may attempt to move to the relief of Tientsin, and also to support the movement." "We can do nothing, I suppose." "Nothing butwait events, and clean any firearms you may have. If you have any more than you can use, you can pass them to those who are short. They'll be wanted, I reckon. I'll look round again if I hear of anything fresh." Mr Brook went on his way, and MIr Clisson went into the house, and, seeking his young wife, told her by degrees of the danger that threatened. The day wore on, and night began to descend. Itumors were travelling over Tientsin apace, Some one had heard the sound of distant firing; someone else had caught sight of a great glare reflected in the darkening sky. Someone had come into the town with news of the bombard ment of Taku forts by the Fleets of Europe. Everyone had a rumor of his own, which no orne else credited. There was no mistaking, however, that an evil wind was springing up; the truth was to be seen in the face of every yellow man who met a European; a look of low, crafty exultation lit up every yel low face, and the teeth that showed be hind the grey lips, parted in smiles, seem ed to flash a threat. The very air seemed heavy with the sense of impending danger, as if tihe slightest incident might set the heavens a-fire. Not many of the two hundred odd Europeans were to be seen in the streets ; the majority preferred to re main indoors, lest the look of fear which they could not keep frons their faces should add fear to the troubled hearts of others, and fan the spirit of revolt which was only too apparent in the natives of the town. The night came down, dark, threaten ing, andsullen. The hush which crept over Tientsin seemed the stillness that precedes a mighty crash of thunder. The town was waiting, wondering from which direction the first sign of danger would come. lMr Clisson got up from the table at which he had been sitting. vainly trying to write, and went to the door. Little parties of whispering natives lounged In the shadows. A deathly stillness hung over everything. His attention was presently attracted to a group of four tall natives, lolling in the shadow of his house; and as he recognised one of the figures it stepped towards him, and grinned as only Chi Chee knew how to grin. - - "What are you doing here?" Mr Clisson inquired, the ghost of a suspicibn -in his mind. "The evil day has come-to this vile dog because you sent him from you," Chi-Chee replied, in his own tongue. "WVhat evil day?" ""W Vhe this cuitersl.p:ih:e and low-born offspring? Cf a Wild d,'g" m::st see his frie- ndsirnd masters, th,, c! _- fruit ,f the earth, whose breath is liike the sweet ness of flowers, cut down befoue his very eyes.'" "Youlthink so. Chi- Chee?" "Lord of the Earth and King of the heart of the most noble lady that ever breathed of life. listen." said Chi-Chee. "Take me back into thy service, and I will gladly give my life to serve and save thee, should the evil hour arrive. I have been talking with some noble brothers, who will help you. Master of nmy con temptible body and will. take us, I pray thee, into thy house, and let us lose our lives in serving thee.". "I am afraid I cannot accept quite. so much responsibility," replied: Mr Clisso"i, with a scornful smile. "Is that Chi?" said a toice ver his shoulder;. He turned, aid gaive a Warn ing glance to his, wife: . Chi-Chee grinned ;more broadly' than ever at the'beautiful-young woman. "Bloom of the lilies, beseech the mas-. ter to take back agaih' this vile worm, that I may help to sei've you" wlhen th danger comes," said the yellow man. "Trust a native as you ivould a viper." whispered Mi- Clisson to his -wife in French: - "Chi is good at heart, I believe," she replied. "Such faith is suicidal at such a time as this, if acted upon," he returned. "No, I'll not take you in. My fellow countrymen are coming in their? thou? sands to protect us. and to clear off the fa' 6' the' earth such things ::s you, if haim comes to us." "I think you're unjust to him," Mrs Clisson said. "Wihat's that?" The crack of a rifle souninde in the distance, in the direction of the open countrly. It was immediately repeated. and the repetition was taken up sharply by dozens of other rifles. Chi-Chee's grin faded away, and with a sign to his three friends, who stood silently by, he dashed into the hoiise, with them closely following him. ., Mr Clisson caught him round the waist and sought to oppose his passage. But it was in vain. The four natives swept into the house and closed the en trance door behind them, locking :and barring it hastily. Mr. Clisson rushed into the front-room, and picked up one of three revolvers from the table. "Stop!" cried his wife. "Don't you see that they are here to..protect us ? Their very presence in this house con demns them in the Boxers' eyes ; and this is the sacrifice they are making for us." Mir Clisson paused. to the logic. ;.But in a moment he-saw further than she did. "Yes, but if they do their worst w'ith us before the Boxers arrive, they' will have- nothing to fear." "Light of the Sun." cried Chi-Chee, "we are your watch-dogs." MIr Clisson, looked at his wife uneasily. The possible danger within his house seemed to him worse than the'probable danger from without; but it/was irre movable now. To turn these. men outr in the street again was more than he could do,- if they had ill-intentions; and if they had not, then, for the hope of life and honor, let them stay! But he had little faith In Chinese loyalty and heroism. Meantime, the firing seemed to be go ing round to a point of the-outskirts of the town further away; but it had slack ened, and it was perfectly manifest that the fighting force was a considerable one. After -a time the four men threw themselves upon the floor close together, and made pretence to sleep. Presently Mrs Clisson crept out of the room, with a warning glance at her hus band, who made an attempt to resume /is writing. A second or two later Chi-Chee woke, and crept out of the room. IMr Clis son followed him down the passage into the kitchen. "Clli-Chee makee cookee food," said the Chinese, with his inevitable smile. Mr Clisson watched him distrustfully for some time. but, being satisfied with the way Chi-Chee went about his occu pation, he sought his wife. She was upstairs dressing the two fair-haired children. "We must get to the Consulate some how," he said. "We ought to have gone straight-there. We cannot hope to hold out here if attacked, much less if. as TI suspect, these heathens have evil de signs." "Very well." she replied quietly. "I shall be ready in ten minutes." "As you come into the room,-pick-up one of the revolvers," he'said. "And do not hsitate to use it,;if occasion arises. He went downstairs again. Chi-Chee was still busy in the kitchen, and the other three were still asleep upon the floor, just as he had left them. \Mrdlisson pushed one of the revolhersI to a corner, of the table, where his' wife could pick-it'up as she entered the room. without attracting attention. Soon she came down, and wiith the revolver hidden in the folds of her skirt. she sank into a chai', and smiled bravely at her husband, who was occupying .himself in tying up a few papers and putting them into his pocket. WThen he had done this, he called Chi Chee, who came into the room smiling craftily. - "We are going to the British Consu late," said MIr Clisson, whereat thd thli-ee slumberers awoke. and listened atten tively.- "If you cdre to come with your friends, I can promise you protection from the Boxers: if not,. you can remain here." "You must not go away," replied Chi Chee, at which -the three Chinese wriggled into sitting postures. . "'Vhy not? We shall be safe there until our countrymen arrive." "The dog- faced infidel who calls Chi Chee a thief shall not see safet;," re turned Chi- Chee. The three Chinese scrambled to ltheir feet, and stood watching MIr Clisson, who picked up a revolv'er in each hand. "Clarice," he said, turning, pale but calm, to his wife, "fetch the childrin. will you?" He followed her to the door, and stood, with his back to it, to prevent hlier bering followed. Chi-Chee made a step towards him, at which hlie iraised his revolver. and unhesitatingly pulled the trigger. It clicked ominously, and the yellow faces grinned. Mir Clisson understood instantly why Chi-Chee had draw-n him out of the room; that the others should extract the cartridges from the revolvers. Clisson clenched his teeth, and took the r?Volves's by the htarrels to use tllem as life-preservers. I-Ic struck Chi-Chee, who rushed at him, on the jaw and laid him low. Another rushed at hIim, nnd rieeled to the floor. groaning, with a; crack in his skull. The other two werec waiting to disentangle knives fronm their belts; and then they rushed at him witi:h tile fury of wild beasts. Clisson sprang aside, and. as hIe did! so, aimed a heavy blow at the Chinese nearer him, but.the blow glanced off the fellow's head. merely tearing the cartil age of his ear, which only mnaddened him. By this time Chi-Chec had recovered himself, and Clisson had three desperate savages to face, and he was hampered by the presence of his wife, who ran screaming into the room. t'Seize her," said one of the men to Chi-Chee, and the ex-servant at once 'acted upon the advice. Beating off, with the ievolver in his left hand, the blows aimned at him, Clis son succeeded in backing towards Chi- Chee, and by an adroit movement, felled him to the floor. But at that same moment one of his antagonists wounded him in the left arm, rendering it use less. Mrs Clisson, freed of Chi-Chee, picked up the lamp and flung it with consider able force into the face of the Chinese who w-as just in the act of getting his laiife between her husband's ribs: and the next moment, with clothing aflame. he had sprung through the window, and gone howling down the street. The lilhtily-cons:ructed house was 5,:s it- lcitnes in a moment, and the re mnaininc ycilr:w-face, paled to sickly white, had Ilecldafter his flaming brother. '"L•e'ok out!" cried Mr Clisson, as Chi Cihce staggered to his feet at her, side. "Get out of the house and make for the Consulate! I'll see to the children. Ter rified by the flames, she'rushed into -hei passage, bat she could not consider the instinct of self- preservation while she could hear her babits crying upstairs. The Clissons' -was one of the few houses in Tientsin built with two floors, and in circumstances like the present the top story was nothing but a de:th-" trap, for the flames followed her as she flew upstairs, and by the time she had hugged the children to her bosom and returned to the little landing,, her sight could ntt penetrate the ?liames and smoke rising up from the staircase. But she went bravely down, a child under each arm, resting upon,her hips. At the third step' from the b teom, the stairs gave way under her. Br.i Mir Clisson.was" there to catch hei'; andt hr dragged her out into the 'fresh air. :here Mr Drook and two Europeans were starding calling to know if they could je of 'any assistance. "Yes; take them' to the Consulate for the love of heaven!" cried :Cllsson. scorched and faint. -"I'll follow 'in a moment." They tool: her away, and got hee to the Consulate in safety, with her two children. Clisson dashed back:into'the' flaming house,'-and foutht"htis'leay~' to"tthe sit "Cht-Chee!" he' crieid; "where are you?" "0O Light of the Sun-, Im here;" re plied a weak'voice, in Chinese. "0; take mercy on me, and help -me away!' C!isson stooped' down and clutched at the figure at his feet. He caught hold of the smouldering' clothes of the Chinese,. and dragged 'him ?oit into the !iassage.' He stumbled' towards' the door, but at the threshold, weak, faint,; bleed ing, stifled, and choking,- he sank upon his knees, and -as he fell Chi- Chee pressed a. long knife- into his master's side, up to the hilt, muttering a blessing as he did so. . And' the next .instant the charred re mains of the little house fell down upon the two -of them, casting a cloud of sparks up. into the black night sky. 