Poultry an!1 Rrden. S (By orpington.) THE- IOULTtY YARD. It Is atvlsable In winter to add tot e drinking water of fowls a few drops of a :solutlon of sulphate of iron, ust enough to give a slight mineral taste. This in a great measure is a preventative against roup, and acts as a bracing tonic gener ::nlly.No notice, howover, must be tken -of \- the rusty appearance the water will ais sumene as it is quite immaterial. Durint the moulting season sulphate of iron houd aI?ys be used, as it wil be of great au - Sistance to them during this critical perlo of their exlstence A little hemp seed givtn Sthem daily at' tis time will be foudt ?ery benroicial, add a more liberal allow ance of meat during the moulting seasoa is also tecommendeds It is almost need less to 'remark that while the poor thlngs are partly denuded of their feathers it is absolutely necessary that warm quarters 'sh eld be provided for them, especially during the night time. f a little sulphur ismlxed with their morning pollard twIce weekly it-will greatly facilitate the growth of new'feathers. A liberal supply of lime or crushed oyster shells should also be avallable for them at all times. I in any o?wl the mould.should seem protracted. examine It for broken feather stumds still bedded-ln! the skin; if you find any carefully extract them with a pair of tweezers. Hens seldom lay during the moult, while the cock, who, during the same period, troubles himself very little about his' wives, is better shut up by himself until he recovers. The moalt generally occupies about six weeks, dur ng 'which time warm food should be fed to them. , r The I"turn" is a disease among fowls .whlcl'lis brought on by over-feeding andi want of exercise. Without any warning, a fowl so affected will totter and fall frofil Its-perch; and unless assistance be speedily rendered 'will give up the' ghost. The t veins of the palate should be opened, ans a few drops of a mixture composed of six parts of sweet nt-t3 and one of ammon i poured down Its throat. Some Ignoran.r poultry keepers with the Idea of curinge fowl stricken with "turn" plunge it into cold water, with the result that aifhnut instantaneous death follows thsis nsan -remedy, 'for the simple reason the sudde chill has the 'eifect of driving the blool to the head, aggravating the disease insteajl of relieving it. . The "scour" or dysentery is induced varil ously. A sudden alteration in diet, or i superabundance of gre6n food. In conver' eaton a ' poultry breeder who spen many ears linFrance said the best remed for dysentery?lu fowls was a piece of toast *"jl biscuit. sopped in ale. If the discas' has t99 tlight a-hold on the bird to be quell ed by this' qt.O glx. drops of syrup of whit poppes, oand six -"ops of castor oil mx with a little' oatmeal or ."-'-Ud x1, .O' s~?.t the bird's diet for a few days td'rt food, suci ah' crushed wheat or oats, ,an 'stale bread crumbs, &;e: "J.C."-If your have' a broody hen pul the goose- eggs under.her. Three will be sufficient, unless she is a .large one, wvhen four' may not be 'too many. m 'A few days ago I saw a pair of Cape geesoe ith nine goslings about a month old,-so thaj your geese are not laying od early as, y imagine., . .,r . ' , . iL ) -I'Mrs. L ."-Don't cross brown Legorn with, ihe white. .Keep the breed pure. 