THE CRITIC. Who can nadamited brave tbe Orltio'i raga? Or note nonored tiis melitloa Id the Oritio'i pige ? Parade bis errors In the publio eye ? Aod Mother; Grundy's rage defj ? ' Custom doth make dotards of ins all.' — Carlyle. A pressman's obituary He subsc ouentlv trn.HF?nipA^ It isn't altogether correct to term a dentist a gum-digger. Wo will probably Seymour of the Bull in the China shop. The boodling brewers1 song, 11 Wait for the return of the 'tied J' The annexing of the Pretoria bullion by Kruger was a ' capital ' move. ♦ # # Drink is the refuge of people de void of any other sense of amusement. 41 To frel pleasure and pain at proper objects is right education.' — Plato. 'A man had need have long ears to hear himself frankly censured.1' — Montaigoe. 'It is the intention, and not the effect, which makes the wickedness.' — Seneca. These 44 Letters from the Front ' show that tho writers bare any amount of 'front.' An unfoisren contingency. The wholesale settlement of the contingonters in S'Africa. 'In all a^esand countries men havo sacrificed to the gods, or gain.' — Rev. Dr. Momcrc. Josh Symc says that even his worst enemies can't accuse him of being a Christian. The partition of China, after the manner of Poland, would not bo a bad thing for humanity. 'To be nameless in worlky deeds exceeds an irtfumous JiisLory.' — Sir Thomas Brown's 41 Religio Medici.' ♦ « ? Wcstraliau Cabinet is not a happy family. If Oom Forrest goes down tho colony is likely to go aliead. ' A State is a perf cct body of free men, united together in order to enjoy com mon rights and advantages.' — Grotiu9. * « * Mr. Copeland has got into Windsor uniform. What a noble sight the short, stout, podgy one must have presented. ' Shame is a bad attendant to a State ; He rents his Crown who fears tho people's hate. ' — Herrick. # * * No large city in tho world would ,-1 ? *1 ? ? _r Iks ? . boteru-ve ounw u* Luiugtj mat exist in connection with the Sydney tramways. 44 Lot us enjoy life's sweets, for shortly we Ashes, pale ghosts, and f&bleB; all shall be. ' ' — Persius. ? * * Lyddite, when taken internally, is said to be a gentle febrifuge. Strange, when given externally, it has exactly the same effect. ' Certaiuly fame is like a river, that bearoth up things light and swollen, and drowns things weighty and solid.'— Bacon. ^ ^ Plenty of men are anti-Boer merely biciuse they are afraid that Oom Paul might become a hero and make his whiskers fashionable. ' Oh, what a soft, easy,.aud whole some pillow, is ignorance and incuriosity whereon to repose a well-contrived head!' — Montaigne. On Tuesday last New South Wales Assembly appointed six 'selcct' commit tees. Select assemblies every evening, ladies free. Tlie 500 people who lost their lives through the American Hobokcn Docks fire were not all colonels ; 126 of them were the crews of ships. i * * ? Tho librl law of New Zealand is so iniquitous that it holds a newspaper respon sible even for the facts of a polyglot polit'cian's address. * * * -lt I am imprisoned for stealing half a-dozen eggs. Ministers who rob millions every day are honored. Poor Italy 1'— Italian Prison Inscription. ? ? « There nrc prospects of a big coal strike up Newcastle way. A short time ago there were prospects of a rise in the hewi/.g rate being given to the miners, and the j natural corollary to tho prospect of a bee id thu prospect of a strike* % This year's u Fourth of July ' was damp, cold, and spiritless. That ifi out wardly. There were plenty of spirits inside — ^make no mistake of that ! * * ♦ There is trouble in tho city as to whether the Pi^Jioo ,!br'Perfectus 'rubbish destructor is wanted. What is wanted is a City Council destructor. It is now acknowledged that Eng land, in the past, made a big mistake in propping up tottering Turkey. Will slit i repeat the blunder in China? The proposal to form a band of commissionaires from among the old soldiers in Sydney, is a good one. Tho 'Critic' wishes the project gcoi luck. If it is impossible for tho Railway Commissioners to attend to tho tramways — as appearances indicate— they should hand them over to a separate authority. An atrocious punster calls in io say that the massive American actress, Nance O'Neil, has been a Fine- Nance-ial success. Unfortunately, the office gun is away. Society is now one polish'd horde, Formed of two mighty tribes, tho Boers and Bo(c)rcd. —Byron, revised. It was slated that no dog could follow the scent of a Sydney rat when rat hunting first started in this city. Tlie other stinks always put him off the track. , 'There cap bo slain No sacrifice to Cod more acceptable, Than an unjust and wicked king.' — Wilton- According to 4- Hansard ' (p. 483) i Mr. Reid said : ' Then the whole city must be filled with the mostabandoncd perjurers. ' | How many of them reside in the King Division ? j In tho Assembly recently Mr. G.'H. i Reid called Messrs. Barton, Deakin, and ! Kingston 'three political Jonahs.' At pre sent Reid himself is the 'political Jonah of Australia. Queensland Dolegafc Dickson comes out of the Commonwealth Bill business bstter than any other delegate, as the result of the goneral acceptance of the amended 74th clause. Onr jingo daily papers print columns of 'Letters from the front,' yet 12 months ago the murder of any of tho writers would have been awarded a. short paragraph, and nothing mere. ? ? * The settlement of tho contingenters in South Africa is a contingency which should have been forseen. For instance, men in tho Navy are never paid off until they return to Englaud. 44 Wo are Le*cssary. God has Bent ub on earth to punish the avaricious and the rich. .We are a kind of Divine scourge. And for the rest, without u', whatwou!d you Judges do?' — Brigand Chief. ? ? . ? 'The Chinese, we arc told, now have the advantage of modern guns and upto date military instructors. China may yet be as great a menace to civilisation as she was in the days of Tammerlane, Advertisement from an English paper: — 'A lady who loves Christ wishes to meet with a gentleman who loves Him also.' After slip meets him, which shall it be, breach of promise or divorce ? 41 Oat of 100 persons living in the same conditions of misery and abandonment, 60 commit no crimes. Of the other 40, live commit suicide, five become iuBino, five are beggars, 25 commit crimes.' — M. FdrrL * » « Certain suburban aldtrmen objvel to the 44 Greater Sydney ' scheme. When it cobles, as it must^ they will, like Othello, find their occupation gone. 'Greater Sydney ' will squelch tho smaller aldermen. The fact that the Markot-street penny paper has turned round on its oLi yes-no political champion is no reason t- suppo.o that it baB acquired a literal y knowledge of how to i.eid .between the lynt-fc. ' Can sins of moment claim the rod Of. everlasting fires ? And that offend great Nature's God, Which Nature's self inspires?*1 — Worton. \- * ? ' ? Tkcth*s Scotch caricaturist, ' Mm Pasquin,' watches the Chow war with mut.li interest, paying special attention to the doings and sayings ofSirClaudo MacDonald. If you ask him, why, he'll probably t 11 you. ? ? * Mr. Waddell, according to ''Han sard' (page 402) : — ' We all like to drers i little better in this House than when \vc cr in the backblocks. There I would bo- con tent to wear a pair of bluchers and jih % ?kins.' ? * * From the letters o* -ur sw.iddies at tfej/tsnt, it would scan ihat&s; soon as t hu. sight the enemy, the first thing they do is to fall Hat,* and tho next thing they do is to stay there. Then they are invalided home as heroes. ' Honors, Uko impressions upon coin, n.ay give an ideal and local value to a bitofba-e metal; bub gold and silver will pass all the world over without any other recommendation than their own .weight.' — Laurence Sterne. 4(D,T.'b ' London correspondent says:— 'Lord Jersey's G.C.B. is thought by many to be preliminary to ruuning him as Governor-General of Federated Aus tralia.' No possible appointment would better please Australia. ' My friends,' said a worthy subur ban cJergj'raan in the course ol his sermon, 'for many years I have sjught to draw my congregation from tho poorest of tho poor. Judging by tlie collection last Sunday, I have at length succeeded.' ??'They who aro for ever thirsting after more, and of whom there was never a man satisfied with what lie had — they are so far from being wealthy and rich, that they arc to be regarded as necessitous and beggared.' — Cicero. It is time some member of Parlia- ment moved for the appointment of a Select Committee to inquire into how things are carried on aboard the Sobraon. The stories Truth hears from time to time are heart- rending and shocking in the extreme. No New Soutk Wales Rugby foot ball team to visit Maoriland this season. Some people say gate troubles cause this. But in view of the disgraces in connection with the last visit of a team from this side, it may bo that M.L. docs not want us. BAKTOS. When shall his glory fade O'er 'tlie wild charge he made? Let all his bills be paid 1 ? PJank the Five Hundred ! ' Orange Leader.' \ Joe Chnmbcrlaiu proposes to intro duce Law Lords from tho colonics into tho House of Lords by means of life peerages. The proposal is an absurd one, and Tim licaley's definition of the products as 'piebald poors'' fits the situation admirably. ? ? ? 44 Association oHabor and the divi sion of the fruits of labor — or rather of the profits of its productions between the in ducers, in proportion to tlie amount and value of the work done by each — this is the social futuw..' — Joseph Mazzini. Stella Esdaille's pretty legs, which created 6uch havoc among Sydney johnnies, are now to charm the. London gilded youth. Cabled that she has secured engagements at tho Tivoli and Oxford. Vet Australian managers never would lot her out of the chorus. 'The poor have a claim founded in the law of nature which may be thus ex plained : All things wire originally commou. No ono being able to pr.oduce a charter from Heaven had any better title to a particular possession than his next neighbor.' — Arch- deacon Paley. The Rentoul problem: Given a capable man of considerable education, what will explain liis persistent, and polemical opposition to part of the people tho whole of the time, and tho whole of the people part of the tim'e ? Answer ; The egotism of intellect. ? ? » They are expecting an abnormally wet season out back because wild ducks are building their nests on stumps and high ground. After the experiences oE the last few weeks, I am wondering what 'ab- normally wet' tan mean. Surely we ore not going to get it any worse. li Democratic Government, in n ore than name, can only exist where wealth is .listributed with something like equality— where the great mass of citizens are person ally free and independent, neither fettered by their poverty nor made subject by their wealth,' — Henry George. It is cabled that tugboats steamed about the vicinity of the Hoboken conflgra Lion, searching for loot, and refusing to save those who wero perishing in the water. What a lot of 44 copy ' the Sydney dailies could have got out of that if these inhuman wtetches had only been Boers. With all tlu Democratic legislation ?jf New Zealand, that colony's libel law is such a drastic measure that it is virtually impossible for a newspapor to report many discussions of questions agitating the public mind, accurately, without rondcring itself ,j;tblc to a legal action for libel. Maoriland Judge Mnrtin has decided iha tho Carters' Union is not an industtial union, wherefore tho combination is placed ! outside the provisions of the Conciliation 1 Act* If tho Judge's decision is a correct ' me, then this latest picco of Democratic legislation ir both cock-eyed and devoid of \--mmou-sense. '* There is in human affairs one order which is the best. Tho order is not always the one which exists, but it is the order which should exist for the greatest good of humanity. God knows it and wills it; man's duty it is to discover and establish it.'— ISmilc De Laveleye. THE WEATHER. It blows, it snows, And blues your nose, My toes aro all frost bitten The weather would Quite starve the crows, Or freeze the part you sit on. Mr. Gormly says there is a better opportunity for young men to settle in Australia than in any other part of the Queen's dominions. So there is— in fact, thousands of 3'oung men who have come to Australia have been forced to settle down, and have never been, able to settle up. Miss Bertha Stevens' rocital of tl Tho Absent Minded Begger,' at Newtown the other night, only succecded in snaring five bob. But then it was in aid of the Indian Famine Fund, and our jingos are not such absent-minded beggars as to trouble about a few millions of starving niggers. Though the Sydney pr.ss refused very properly, to adopt the English custom of 'Mr.-ing' amateur cricketers while the pro. was plain 'Jones,' they are adopting the idiotcy in legard to golf. Is this be cause followers of the fool game mostly come from the ranks of the ' very naicest V' Ben Tillett is barracking Australian workers for boodle on behalf of the London dockers, who, lie says, are fighting for liberty and combination. Men of Tillett's ilk do little to ameliorate the conditions of the workers ; but they do a lot towards fomenting strife between Capital and Labor. Tho question of the P. and 0. Com pany employing Lascars has been engaging uie aLvenuun oi me uouso OI commons. The debate was a very warm one. Mr. Labouchere said the company ha'd been breaking the law in a criminal manner, and urged Lord Selbornc, one of tho directors, to resign from tho Cabinet. ? ? « The cock is coming homo to roost. Much concern is now felt by our patriotic public men at tlie circumstance that a large number of New South Wales swaddles on active service in South Africa will probably settle there. Thus this coVony will be de prived of 2000 or 3000 of its hardiest and most desirable class of colonists. ' Luxurious men, unheeding, pass An idle summer life in fortune's shine ; A season's glitter I Thus they flutter on From toy to toy, from vanity to vice ; Till, blown away by death, oblivion comes Behind, and strikes them from the book of life.' —Thompson's 44 Seasons.' * * ? The North German Lloyd Steam ship Company has been rijpst fortunate from its formation. It has enjoyed much popularity, been remarkably immune from accident, and lias consequently paid fat dividends. The big fire at Hoboken, and the loss ef four of their fine vessels thereby, will, howevor, knock a large hole in the profits. * ? ? It is to bo hoped that the Chinese war' will not occasion the tongue-twisting talk that the Boer business hns been re sponsible for. Fancy a man with a chunk of toast in his mouth reading this to his wife from the morning paper : 44 The Afri* kanders trekked from the voorlooper to the kopje, and dorped it from the spruit to the disselboom t ' ' You are sickening for the plague,' said a lady in jest to her host quite recentlv. 'Rats.' he rcblied. ennrnmntu. ously. He found, however, that he could not flee from the festive flea, and budding Tjubonical was sent to quarantine a few dayB later. They say women are bad prophets always. They are sometimes good prophetB upou bad subjects. » ? ? On tho logic that it is jast as proper that the Government of a country should mend people as mend roads, an agitation has been commenced in New Zealand which re quires tho Government to provide State doctors for poor people. Why not free State trips to free State health resorts for State convalescents and Stato corn-cutters and Stato wet-nurses and so forth ? A man named Doyle was charged by a constable under tho 4-Vag. Act' with having 44 no visible.' He escaped by prov ing that he was employed by the Board e ' Health to trap rats. Ab, Fortune is a fickle jAde And flaunts lull many a whim, For Doyle, instead of trapping rate. Found out tie traps trapped him. When all is over, the 4C Critic ' will not bo surprised to learn that the present outcry ogainst Mcthucn is tho result of a conspiracy between the Wolseley gang and the press to squelch him. % Mcthuen is not I 1 v*d by tho press, because he jun-.ped very 1 sevcr« ly on a couple of correspondents who j had developed a remarkable fecundity of I imagination in regard to Bo3r outrages. ? ♦ ' ♦ Rcid's admission that two years sgo he suppressed two cables from Chamberlain on the Appeal Clause, throws a new light on the situation. It has been the fashion to slander the Colonial Secretary for not hint* ing his objections before we came to our decision. It now appears that the wily Joseph only failed because he triiBted the still more wily Reid. ? * * CONSISTENT 1 Mr. J. H. Cann has been elected Chair man of Committees, vice 41 Billy' M'Conrt, elected Speaker : — I They are, you see, the members (here I Consistent to a man ; I They had a Billy in the obair, I And now they've got a Cann ! 1 — 41 0^*n#re Leader.' When it is discovered, as it will be, that the majority of the soldiers who went from Australia to the Transvaal did so merely for the purpose of seeking to further their personal prospects, the much-boomed patriotism of the people, whioh was sup posed to have originated the Contingent movement, will wear a somewhat ignomini ous aspect in the eyes of the outside world. ? ? « 'The making of children is the highest of all human functions, and that which carries the most widespread and incalculable consequences. It is well to remember that every falling away from health, every new strain and stress, in man or woman, may lay an additional burden on a man or woman yet unborn, and perhaps wreck a life, or a succession of lives.' — Havelock Ellis. ? ? ? Sorc-eyod Bill demands vengeance for the insults offered to the flag of the civilised Fatherland, by a lot of irrespon sible semi-barbarous heathen Chows. This is most noble and Christian sentiment on the port of the Kaiser, and has been used before by others as well as Bill, as an exouse to send men-of-war to the islands to blow to blazes the villages of indefensible and un. tutored savages. V.ciorian Government are not quite settlod on the point as to whether a man ehould be allowed tosit in both Federal and State Parliaments. There is no necessity to worry over the matter, anyway. A member of a State Parliament will be very small potatoes, politically, and if a man can squeeze into the Federal Parliament, he isn't likely to trouble the Stato institution worth mentioning. ? ? ? ' Did you ever see a pail of -wash given to a pen of hungry hogB ? That is human Society as it is. Did you ever see a company of woll-dressed men and women sitting down to a good dinner without scrambling, or jostling, or gluttony, each knowing that his own appetite will be satisfied, deferring to and helping the other® 9 That is human Society as it might be.' — Henry George. * ? ? An analysis of Sydney liquor re cently, showed that there was no adulter ation, though some samples were very weak through the addition of water. Oh ! Mister Bovce ? Will now rejoice, For booze that leads to slaughter. Our country's curie Holds nothing worse Than his own tipple water. ? ? ? 44 Wretches, who have had a London gutter, or work-house, for their only moral training school, and who have been subse quently nurtured in crime by Society's other licensed agencies of moral corruption, re ceive 10, 15, and sometimes 30 years for thefts and crimes which should, in justice, be expatiated by a 12 months' duration of euch punishment.' — Michael Davitt's 41 Leaves from a Prison Diary.' * ♦ * In the Legislative Assembly, last week, Mr. Fegan admitted that, as Minister for Agriculture, he had offered compensa tion to proprietors of vineyards which had been destroyed in consequence of phylloxera. Yet, as leader of the Temperance Party in that Chamber, this same man professes that his aim is to eradicate the whole liquor trade without awarding a penny in compen sation. This is political consistency J Tho Japs do not see that the Euro peans are having tho loan of them. The natural alliance would be between the Chows and Japs : — For in spite of aspirations To belong to other nation^. And in spite of every cunning little plan, There's a fact which ie emphatio, He remains an Asiatic And a straight-haired, almond-eyed Mon golian! ? « Rudyard - Kipling has told Banjo Patterson of the way an Australian buck jumper got rid of him. 'I.seemed to be Bitting on a great eternal chaos,' he said, 'and then the world -slipped away from under me, and that's all I remember.' Just so. But what's the betting it, was a buck at all ? Probably only the garden variety of pig-jump. Rudyard's own Pegasus chucks him over frequently enough, to say nothing of bolting off the course.-— 44 Spectator.' Li-Hung-Chang, to a French inter* viewer on the European action in China 44 You put the knife to our throat to plunder us. What but sheer robbery is the partition of which you no longer make any mystery, confirming it by treaties in whioh the only; , party sot consulted is the one to be plundered.' Chang calls this latest Euro* pean action 44 plunder.' Sir Claude McDonald calls it 44 maintaining the ina tegrity of the Chinese Empire.' The Chow * is probably nearer the mark* 9mm 'I confess to hoping for a time when the phase 'The education ef a gentle-1 man ' will havo lost its meaning, because the sort of education which alone makes the gentleman, in any true sense, will be . within the reach of all* As it was the aspiration of Moses that all the Lord's people should be prophets, so with all seriousness and reverence may wo hope and pray for a condition of English society in which all honest citizens will recognise themselves and be recognised by each other as gentlemen.' — Professor Caird. The Conciliation and Arbitration Act of New Zealand has a clause which pro vides that men shall not strike during the consideration of a dispute by a Board or Court, and employers shall not discharge men under such circumstances. All the same there is no penalty provided for any breach of the clause, and a judge has de cidod that none can be enforced. In such a caBe, how doe9 the Act protect employer or employee ? And which will benefit tho most from its operations — Labor or lawyer ? 41 Of a very great number of modern habitual criminals, it may be said that they have the misfortune to live in an age in which their merits are not appreciated. Had they been in tho world a sufficient number of generations ago, the strongest of them might have been chiefs of a tribe. Willi the disposition and the habits of uncivilised men, which he has inherited from a i emote past, the criminal has to live in a country where the majority of the inhabitants have ? learned new lessons of life, and where he is regarded more and more as an outcast as ho strives more and more to fulfil the yearninge of his nature.' — L. Owen Pike. Tho Pope recently dissolved a mar riage under peculiar- circumstances. The daughter of wealthy Australian parents, having completed her education in England, made the acquaintance of an English gentle man on *the return voyage to Melbourne. They had just gone through the form of marriago in Melbourne when the father of the young lady appeared on the scene and took his daughter away. Both parties ap pear to have soon regretted their rash pro ceeding. The father of the young lady appealed to the Pope to declare the marriage null and void, and, after an exhaustive investigation by the Vatican authorities, this has now been done. A u Herald' reporter interviewed Mr. Yee Hing, of the firm of On Chong. Mr. Yee Hing says the Boxers are what we in Sydney would call larrikins : — Mr. Tee Hing TTas a merchant king, And a really superior Chow ; And a *4 Herald' reporter, Going routid the Chow quarter. With Mr. Yee Hing did pow-wow. Said Mr. Tee Hing, The Chow merchant king t 41 Me no likee bad Boxer man. Me got 'em nioe olinah, Me no go to China, Me etay here and play 'urn fon t*n« . Ki T», Ki Ta, Ki Ya, Ki Yee, Ki Ya, Yee Hing and On Chong^ Me play 'urn fan tan with a 4 Locke ' Ullikin, But Boxer, *im welly ranch wrong.' ' The greater part of men aro much too exhausted and enervated by their struggle with want to be able to jengage in a new and severe contest with error. Satisfied if they themselves escape from the hard labor of thought, they willingly abandon to others the guardianship of their thoughts. And if it so happen that nobler necessities agitate their soul, they cling with a greedy faith to the formula that the State and the Church hold in reserve for such cases. If these uuhappy men deserve our compassion, those others deserve our just contempt, who, though set free from these necessities by more fortunate circumstances, yet wil lingly bend to their yoke. '—Schiller. A HEATHENISH WOMAN. Who begged from morn till set of sun, A dollar bill from everyone To help some mission just begun ? ^ My mother. Who started fairs and then tableaux, Theatricals and other shows, To aid the frozen Eskimos ? My mother. Who clothed and fed the Indian Sioux,' And furnished Bibles for Timbuctoo, And every heathen land she knew? My mother. Who gave her husband scanty fare, Neglected all his underwear, Until he groaned in sheer despair? My mother. . Who finally iki rage did yell, . Oh, let the heathen go to — : — Well-* Just where I shouldn't like to tell? My father. ( — 44 Texas Sittings.** 