fLuINING A'C0IDNTS. Sir.-Stockton, Dudley, Balmain. Glebe, Gunnedab. 'There will be an inquiry into the la~tter whfech will hbe another farce, similar to the Glebe and the Dudley or Balmsin. An accident occurs, the first on the spot are :tbe local managers and In spectors. 'Ar inquiry takes place; the knowledge df it is locked up in the breasts of the managers and inspcectors. If any workman possess dangerous knowledge he Is advised to "see Mr. Keightley." The other inspect'ors stand in the same posi tion 'to.the chief that the miners' check Inspector stands to the manager. Hi-s chil dren's bread and butter ari in their hands. nWhen the cause of the accident Is inquired for " they know nout about it." All the men wilth special knowledge are on the side olfthe owners. True, the miners send MIr. Curiley, whose efforts against trained ex perts are equal to a mosqulto agalnst a mountain. What then can be done to get at the true cause of the accidents. From Anigail down to Cook the Ministers form one long succession of failures so far as the interests of the mninig community are concerned. iMr. Fegan is standing at the partitig of the ways. The Balmaon sacri flete, the Glebe affair are hovering like clowds over his track. Balmain and the Globe, like the ghost in Macbeth, will not be stilled. The dragon's teeth sown smil lngly to-day will spring up armed men to morrow. The prevention of accidents has tvwo requisites. To have their cause in quired Into by men of knowledge, experi ence. and moral grit. Next, to have in dependent inspection distrlits. Ten doys ago 'the Minister informed Messrs. Bower and Watkins that he had arranged to es tablish this system. Two days ago the papers announced the continuance of the office of chief inspector for a 'further period of three years. What does this mesan ? One thing is certain. The Minister rwho brings about the above two reforms will w·rlte his name for all time on the history of coal mining. The first Minister 'who will, can do It. Sir Williaum yne, the 'Premier, is in favour of it. Which path will the Minister take. Broad is the road where walked the IlMigails and Cooks, but it 'led to destruc tlon.-I'am, &c.;, NEW UNIONIST. 