TOM OSSINGTON'S GHOST. (By IRICIIARID MARISIL.) CI IA'TER XI.-(Continued.) "I ain't committed no felony, not likely. She asked me to come to her house-so I come. She says to me, 'You come along o' me to my house, and I'll give you a bit of something to eat.' Now didn't you?" "Certainly. I suppose a gentleman is allowed to visit a lady if she asks him." The dreadful-looking woman, as she stood with her head thrown back, and her nose in the air, presented a picture of sonmething which was meant for on descension, which was not without its patlhos. "Of course!-ajn't that what I'm say ing? She come here, and she took a :ey out of her pocket, and she put it in the keyhole, and dhe opened the door, all quite regular, and she says, 'This here's my house,':and she asked me to eoae in, so of course I come in." "Do you menli to say that she gained entrance to the house by means of a key lWhich she too firom l her pocket?" "Course! HoI ? :do" yoii suppose we canme in?-0through, the vindow? Not Ihardly, that's' not my line; and so I tell you." Graham returned to thle woman. "le. so` good as to gi.e Ime the key with: which, you obtained a?miission to these premises;.?: Thile omanput hier hand:lip to her neck, for.the efirst tinie showing signs of discomposure:. "The key?" : Starting back. she looked about her wildly, and broke into a series of shrill exclamations' ' "The key' !-my; key?!-no!-no'-nol -It isi.all-i. ioave left- the only thing I've;got.' .s've' kept it through every thing--I've never parted fromn it once. I wlon't give it you- no!" She .came:.closer to himu, glaring at hiin iith termrihle eyes. , ."t's ma': key---mine! I -took ;t with me when I went that night. He was sitting in:here, and I caume downstairs with the key in my pocket; and I went \--and he never knew. And I've kept it ever since,. becanse '.l1e alwaysa said that one day wlhen I; went back I should want. my -ckey to let me in: I hate to have to:stand on the step while they are letting me; in." Mr. Graham was regarding her in tently, as if ha was endeaLvouring to read what stood \vitli her in the place of a soul.. "Is your name Ossington?" "Ossington? Ossington?" She touch ed the sides of 'her forehead with the tips of her fingers, glancing about her afItriglhtedl', as if nmaking an effort to recall her surroundings. Her voice dropped to a whisper. "Whb said Os singten? Who said it? Who asked if my name wvas- Ossington?" Mr. Graham addressed Miss Brodie. "With your permlission I should like to speak to this womnan-after the man has gone." In his last words there was meaning. "By all means, 'if you wish 'it. Get rid of him at once. At the best the fellow is an impudent intruder, and the stoiry he tells is-a ridiculously lame one. He. must . have been perfectly well aware that a woman.of this- sort was not likely to possess a house of her own, and that accepting what he calls her invitation he was commlitting felony." The fellow in question shook his head as if he felt himself ill-used. "I call that hard- cruel hard. If the young lady was to think of it for lhalf a moment she'd see as it was cruel hard." "The young lady declines to think of it. Have the goodness to take yourself away, and consider yourself lucky that you are tallowed to escape scot free." The man ltmovedl towards the door, endeavouring to bear himself as if lie were doing so of ihis own free will. He spoke to the woman. "Ain't you coming with me?" "Yes, '111 colllingll -. She hastened towards him. Grahani interposed. "Let him go. 'There ire oie oristue"o things about whichsi shiould-like ,to speak to you, this :young: lady,:- and - after lie lhas goe." But she would. lihav.e' noneof:- siii . Shrinking back, sh?estaredat him, i? n silence, for. a secoiid orta??,;Thenb~el gun to shriek" at him like some:is?ald creature. - - "I won't stay!'--Iiowi'.Ishall go! -1 shall! -Yos tried oget mykey my key! - Yois toulit -? 6 dare! You asked me if yiia? sherrso t ped, stared about??:s if in terror, gasvel great sigh, "Youit a?ked ut'?ifi y name--" . She stopped again ?:---:and':sighed again, the pupils 'oft heraeyes dilating. as she watched and listen~ied for.svhat was invisible, and inaiidible to `ill:but' her. Grahaiitnmoved" forward, -intend ing to soothe hler Mistaking, ifii renty, his inteintioi,-she ruishd at hiins with outstretched ,lirias, givii?g utter anee to yell after yell. in: ?iimoment; she was past hhilm and fly3infii;dnii~tlie house. - . Her male compiaioni , who sitoid still to the doorway, pointed his tlhumii bmove his shoulder with a grin:' "There you are, yoi see-drove' ie' out of dier seven senses! So youi lavei? Much more leisurely, the man ielit after the woman. For some reason, whcen Mri. Bu`lll e Graham and Miss Brodie. were left alone, nothing was said about thleiir cent visitors. "If you'll sit down and wit - marked .Miss Brodie, "I'll go auid take my things oif." Having returned from performilig those sacred offices, the topic still re mained untouched. Possibly that was because there were so manly things which needed doing. " Whei one has been out all day, and keeps no maid, when one returns there are things which must be done. For instance, there was a fire to make.' Miss Brodie observed that there ought to have been two, one in the kitchen, and one ill the sitting-room; but declared that folks would have to le content with one: And that one Bruce Graham made. She brought in the wood, anid the coal, and the paper; and then slhe went to fetoih the m.tcJles. When she re turncd she caught him in the act. "What are you doing?" she de manded. lie was on his kneeeson the hearth rug, with some sticks in his hand. "Making a tire-on scietific prin ciples. I'ml iaseientilie expert at this kind. of thing. Women's methods are unscientific as a rule." "Indeed." HeIcr air was scornful. "lIen always think they can mnake hires. It's most surprising." She commented on 'his methods-par ticularly when lie took the pieces of coal fromi the scuttle, and placed theni in their places with his fingers. "That:'s right! Mlen always use their tingers to put coal on the fire-if tiley can. It's an agreeable habit." lie continuled callm. "lt's scientiile, strictly scientific; and may be logically defended, especially whetl a fire is being lighted. ]leaping on coal with a shovel is unscientific in the highest d'grec." lie struck a miatlch; presently the paper was in flames. "Now you had better go and wash your bhands. You'll have to do it in the scullery; and by tme time you're done, the lire will be out." But. the fire was not out. It was a complete success. The kettle was put on, preparations were nmiade for tea, and the table was laid, Graham show ing a talent for rendering assistance which was not accorded the thanks it might have been. Madge las chilly. '5I should imagine you were rather a handy person to have about the house." "There are diversities of gifts; let us hope that each of us has at least one." ".Exactly. But, unfortunately, I do not care to sect a man, what is called, 'making himself useful about, the house'-if your gift lies in that direc tion. I suppose it is because I am not enough of a New Woman. P'erhaps now you've given enc your assistance in laying the cloth, you will give me some music." lie was smoothing a. corner of the cloth in question-and looked down. "It is you wuho are the teacher." She ilashed up at hiim. "What- do youl mean by that?" "It is true-is it not?" ".f you wish me to understand that you would rather not play, have the goodness to say so plainly." Whereupon tie sat down--and played. Arid lMadge listened. When lie stopped, she was looking asway from him, toward the fire. Tears were ill her eyes. "I suppose you are a genius?" 1Her voice seemed a little strained. Hfe shook his head. "No--the' music comes out of the ends of his fingers. lie went on playing.. When he ceased, again she turned to him--with passionate eyes. "I never heard any one play like you before." \ "It's because I'm in the mood." He played on. It seemed to her that lie spoke to her out of the soul of music. She sat still and listened. Her heart-strings tightened, her pulses throbbed, ther cheeks burned; every nerve in ]hr frame was on the alert. Never .had such things been said to her before. She could have cried- and would have cried, if shel had dared. The message breathed to her by Bruce Grahamn's playing told of a .world of. which she, " unconsciously, had dreamed. Ile played; and she sat and listened, in the firelight, -till' Ella came home to tea. :. :: And with:Ella came'Jack Martyn. " ", CRAI'TE~I¢ I.XZ ·.'.'' TOSL OSSIWGTOr'S LAWfEh. It was while they were seated at table that Bruce Graham told them of the result of his investigations. Al though, for some reason, the subject had not been mentioned when Madge and he had been alone together, that young lady showed herself alert and eager enougt then. ~or, in that re spect, was Ella behind her friend, while Martyn concealed an interesct whlichl was probably equal to theirs udler ponderous attempts at jocula rity. It was Jack who brought him to the point. "If the honourable and learned gen tlenin lhas sullicieintly refreshed him self with the cup that cheers, would he oblige the company by mentioning if hlie has done anythling in the matter of the HIidden Treasure- with capitals please!-and, if so, wshat?" "I have at least found that every tihing points to there being such a hid deni treasure-in spite of Jack's pre tended scepticism." "My pireteilaed scepticism ! Sir, I swould have you know that I am no sceptic; or, if I am, never was one more willing to be converted to the faith." Ella interposed. "Anid, Mr. Graham, you really think there is a hidden treasure?" "I thilnk it extremely .probable." "Tell us a1 about it. What have you been doing? All day long I have been dreamingi in the City of what .would Ilappen if we did light upon a secret lhoardl. It really would be too splendid for words." The young lady looked the eagerness which thei words suggested-like an imaginative: child, who pictures the materialisiation.of some favourite tale of faerie.::. ,... 'o " i-begi thril, I;, veit to the house agehnts to learn, for- ilhom they are acting. ":'Well,. and whLat.did:they say?" 'i'T"hey c'der ? ot :adrticularly willing to s y!.'a?:nyt-hingm as\I expected. They useie?iippar?ntly undler the impression tat 1 intdeiided to tfake the bread out af: themiro·uicinths, by dealing with their pr!iicipals direct...Biut when I had suc 'ceededd i;n 'it ifany rate, partly reassur iifg hemtlhey informed me they were 'acting for'i firm of solicitors--Messrs. Niclhobls &' lawhisns, 3 .South Square, :Gr'iy' aIani''''?= .. ;"W'ell,: ind what did you do then?" "1i"Weist to 'the isolicitors." : t'is -.iawfully good of you to take so niamc:h trouble.: ' And what did the :Aa'rs t;'i?,]liej d i; .had some know ledi of . the ? ii? My father was on team's ofi-frienidship '\iith their senior pia~tnuv so thatwvhen I intoduced my self t.o fr'hicholls as my father's son, thle 'isay i.s sinoothed for me. They hoe?ethe reputaibon of being a steadv go-.i, old- fashioned firm, and I found the?iiss opean anl above-board as they ie:iyu:sell1 could 'have been. When I mntioned mty erriandl, Mr. Nicholls 'ias Illialive :'at' once.; :911,'?1Messr:s. Palmer & Bending. of A1-tnidsworth,' I.legan, 'inform nima that aiiletting Clover Cottage they are in stue?:i?vyou. May I ask who is the osiser of the property"?' ""Wlhen I said that, he sat up straight in hliisehair, and, as I observed, became all ohilis-c-oh. M?·"lay I inquire, in return, why you ask the~ qilestion?' ".'Tlie .question,' I admitted, 'is a little 'e.irregular; but I take it tbhat you iswill :have ilo objection to givel me an 'anster.' ::''ot the slightest. On the con trary, we shall be delighted if you will lielp us to throw light into what is, at present, a very dark cornor; because, as a matter of fact. so far as wiv are concerned, there is no owner.' " The late Thomas Ossington died intestate!" "'So fair as our knowledge goes.' "'Leavingg instructions that you shouhld act on his behalf?' "'Not.e a bit of it. So far as we're iaware, he left no instructions of any sort or kind. We have assumed a re sponsibility of which we should be glad to be rid. I)o you know the man's his tory ?' " '1. inow somethling of it-though I confess, candidly, thiat I should like to know Imore. My owsn connection with tie matter is a curious oie. At a later stage I will tell you exactly wlat it is. ln the interim, I assure you, oni my word of honour, tlhat any iiformiation you can give mie shall be used for the furtherance of justice, and for that only.' •" 'Very gnood; so long as righlt is done, all that we require is to be re lieved of a weak awkward situation. You know that Ossington was-pecu liar?' "'Not insane?' " 'Insnue?--?o; he was as sane' as you are--every whit. Buthe was a dis appounted man. lIe s was malformed tie muscles of one leg were paralysed. As hlie grew older, thei paralysis in creased, uIntil it exctended up the whole of one side, and, at last, it killed him. lie married a girl who acted as book keeper at uan hotel, at which hlie was in the habit of stopping, at lfracombe. She turned out a regular bad lot,- finallly running away with inan named Illallingall.' ' Charles Illaingall?' "'Trhat's the man. Do you know him?' "'I have acted for him profession alli.' 'tive yeou? Then let me inform you, without h'rejuidice, that you hava acted for as rascally a scamp as ever trod thd earth. Ossington regarded him as a particular friend; and, as par ticular friends sometimes have a knack of doing, he borrowed'no end of money from Ossington, ending by robbing him not only of his money, but of his wife as well. The double blow almost broke Ossington's heart, and during the remainder of his existence he lived the life of a recluse. But, until then, we had acted for him continually For instance, we had acted for him in the purchase of Clover Cottage.' "'Do you hold the deeds of the house?' - "'Not a deed. We hold nothing. All that we have are the various letters which .he wrote to us at various times, on business. We had heard nothing of him for months, when one morning we received a telegram asking us to go at once to Clover Cottage. I went my self-I liked the man. Ife was, in his way, as fine a gentleman as I ever met. lie lihd been cruelly used by friend and fortune. I found him dead- alone in the house there, with a maid and a doctor; dead- killed, according to the medical testimony, by 'a paralytic af fection, of the heart; but actually, as sure as you and I are alive, by the wicked wanton usage of those he had held dear. Now here the queer part of the thing comes in. "'Ills last words had been an instruc tion to send for us; but that was the only instruction lie had given. I my self searched the house from top to bottom, and, as you know, it is not a large one. 1 had it searched by others -every nook and cranny. Not a serrap of writing could be discovered -letter, note or umemorandum. Not a document of any sort of kind. No thing whatever to show of what he had tdied possessed, or to whom it was to go. "'You had reasons to suppose that lie had means?' " 'Em'er3y reasonl We had every rea son to believe him to be a lman of com fortable means. We ourselves had, on more than one occasion, acted for him in matters involving thousands of pounds. We applied to the National anmd Provincial Bank-swhere we were aware 'he had an account. They in formed us that he had closed the ac count-some two months previously, and that on that occasion they had handed him over six thousand pounds in notes on the Btank of England. They gave us a list of the numbers of the notes; and not one of them has been. presented .for payment to this day.' "'Is that so?: "'It is. We furnished the B3ank with a copy, of the list, requesting them to notify us should one of them come in: as yet not a single one of them has made its appearance. Where are those notes? Surely, if they were in the possession of any living person, ere this some of them would have been pre sented. Where are the title deeds of Clover Cottage-and of other proper ties, of which- lihe was the undoubted owner? i1e is the registered holder of ten thousand Great Northern ERailsly Stock. Since his death, the dividends on it have remained unclaimed. Where is. the scrip? With the rest, has it vanished into air? In a box in his bed room were forty-seven pounds in gold. That was all the cash the house con tained. We buried 9him' in Wands worth Cemetery; Hawkins, I, and the doctor were the only mourners. We sold the furniture, paid the expenses, and the balance stands to the credit of the estate. We advertised for next to kin, without results. We advertised also for information as to the where abouts of any property of which he might have died possessed-such as title-deeds, and anything of that kind. You understand that there is a delicate question as to who is entitled to collect the rents of other properties which we believe to have been his freehold. But nothing came of that. Clover Cottage we placed in the hands of Messrs. Par ker and Beading, but only recently hale they succeeded m letting it-I be lieve to two single ladies.' "'So I understand.' " Jack struck in. "You are the two single ladies. You," pointing to Ella, "are one of them, and you," pointing to Madge, "are the other." Ella was impatient. "Jack, I do wish you wouldn't inter rupt-Mr.. Graham, do go on.. It's like a romance. My curiosity is such that I feels as if I 'were all pins and needles." Bruce Graham continued. " 'And you, Mr. N)-holls,' I said, 'have you formed no theory of your own upon the subject?' "Old Nicholls leaned bhck in his chair. lHe put his bands into his two pockets, and he looked at me out of the corners of his eyes. "'I have-I have formed a decided theory. But, upon -my word, I don't know what right you (have to ask me.' "'I trust, before we part, to prove to your entire satisfaction that I have every right. What's the nature of your theory?' " 'What's the nature of your right? "I laughed. I saw tthat he meant to understand more clearly where we stood before le went an& further. "'I believe I amsin in a position to pro duce an owner for the property--when found.' "'When found?' "'Preciselsy-when found. As yet it still remains to be found. I must ask you not at this moment, to press ime for further details, and of courser you, on your part, are entitled to keep your theory to ,ourself.' "'I am entitled to keep my theory to myself, as you say. But I know your father was an honest oman, and as it happens, I know something about you, and I belive you also are an honest man. So as 1 aum ulnxious, for manly reasons, tmat this Ossington mystery should be unravelled, you shall have my theory for what it's worth.' "'lie tilted his dhair on to its hind legs, watching me keenly all the. time. "'Thomas Ossington was peculiar not, in any sense of the word, insane. but out of the common run. In par ticular he was secretive, especially lat terly, as perhaps was only natural. My theory is that, distrusting banks and all such hluman institutions, are secreted his cash, his title deeds, and everyiliing lie valued, in some hiding place of his own contriving, and that there, it remains concealed unto this hour.' The two girls rose simultaneously. "Madge," cried Ella, "did you hear that? That's exactly what you said." In Madge's tones there was the ring of an assured conviction. "I was sure of it-and I am sure of it; as sure as anty one possibly caln be." "May I ask," inquired Jack, with mock severity, 'twho is it who is inter rupting now? Will you let the gentle man go on?" Graham went o0n. " 'But wthere,' I said, 'do you think he is likely to have found such a hiding place?' "Old Nicholls looked at me, if pos sible more shrewdly than ever. "'At Clover Cottage. 'I knew the man. The salient events of his life happened there. In his whimsical way lie regarded it as part and parcel of himself. I have heard hilm say so half a dozen times. His heart was in the place. Whatever he did conceal, was concealed within its four walls. Be fore the furniture was sold, I had it overhauled- by an expert- somen of the things were pulled to pieces. His ver dict was that nothing was hidden there. Had I had my way I would have dismantled the whole house-only Hawkins .was against me. He said very properly, that if the heir-in-law proved cantankerous, I might be made to smart in damages to the trae of a pretty penny. So I abstained. All the same, if the house was in the market to-morrow, I'd be a purchaser at a good round sum--if all rights of treasure trove went with it. You may tell the present tenants'-here he looked at me in a fashion which took me a little aback-'if you have the honour of their acquaintance, that we keep a sharp eye on the property; that it is not to be tampered with to the extent of one jot or title; and that not so much as one inch of paper is to be taken off the wall except with our express permis sion.' " Ella turned to Madge. "What do you say to that?" she ex claimed. "That knocks on the head all your notions of pulling the house to pieces." Madge was defiant. "Does it? It does nothing of the kind. Not after what I found in this room last night. In the face of that, I care nothing for Mr. Nicholls, or for his threats either. What do you think yourself, Mr. Graham?" "If you will allow me, I will give you my own opinion when I have told you of all that passed between Mr. Nicholls and myself. Indeed, I am now coming to that very point." "There you are, you see. You will not let the man finish, you really won't. I never saw anytling like you women for interrupting-inever" in all my life." This of course was Jack--who was, as usual, ignored. Graham brought his story to an end. There is one more question, I said, 'which I should like to ask you. Mr. Nicholls. Do you know any one of the name of Edward John Iurley?" "'I ought to, seeing that some one of the name of Edward John Hurley is in our office at this moment, and has been in our office for something over a quar ter of a century.' "'Can I see him?' "Mor. Nicholls touched a bell, and pre sently Mr. Hurley entered. 1 felt that his presence on the spot was a stroke of luck for which I had certainly been unprepared. He was a tall, thin, dig nified looking man, with grey hair. He wore spectacles. Taking them off, lie wiped them with his handkerchief before he replaced them on his nose to look at me. " 'Do you remember, Mr. Hurley,' I began, 'the 22nd f9 October, 18927' " 'The 22nd of October, 1292?' He repeated my words, then replied to my question with another. 'May I in quire why you ask?' "'I will put my question in another form. Do you remember witnessing Mr. Thomas Ossington's attachment of his signature to a certain document on the 22nd of October, 1892?' "I thad noticed that Mr. Nicholls and he had exchanged glances when I first put my query. Now he looked at his principal evidently in search of guid ance. " 'Shall I answer this gentleman's question sir?' "'Certaln:y. Give him all the infor mation you can.' "'lThis Mr. Hlurley proceeded to do, with the utmost clearness. "'I do rememberthe 22nd of October, 1892, and the whole of the circum stances. I chanced to meet Mr Ossing ton in Holborn as I was leaving the office. Ife asked me if I would dine with him in- his house at Wandsworth. I went with him to dinner there and then. After dinner lie asked me if I would witness his signature. I ex pressed my willingness. 1 witnessed it.' "'Were you acquainted with the nature of tmle document lie was sign ing?' "'I was not. I have often wondered what it was, especially in the light of after events. The document, which was on a sheet of blue foolscap, had evidently been prepared before my.ar rival: . Mr. Ossington, covering, the writing with a piece of blotting-paper, signel it, in the middle of the page, directly underneath, while I adfixed my signature, as witness, on the left- hand side.' "'Was there another witness?' "'There was, the servant girl'. "'What was her name?' "'I never heard it. I only know that he called her Louisa. I think I should recognise her if I saw her again. She was a red- faced, light-haired, strap ping wench, about eighteen. years of age.' " 'Should you recognise Ossington's signature--and your own-and the document to which they- were attached?' "'Most decidedly; under any eircumn stances, at any time.' "I thanked him for his frankness, and rose to go. Nicholls stopped me. "One moment,' hte saiq. 'Hurley in formaed us, at the time, or. what lie has just now told you, and, like him,- we have frequently wondered what was the nature of the document lie wit nessed.. As you are evidently aware that such a paper existed once upon a time, you are probably acquainted with its present whereabouts?' "'I am. It will be produced in due course. When, I promise. you, you will see as curious a document as is to be found upon the records.' "Both Nicholls and HIurley endea voured to induce me to bhe more defi nite. But I was not to be persuaded. Thanking them for the information they haid given nie, I came "away." (Tro be continued.). M. Horon, a noted FFfench dethetive,o Will be remembered as the man wivo performed the most daring and difficult feat of safely plotling the heir of the Russian throne in disguise through the Nihilist dens of Paris. It almost staggers one to recall the fact that Mozart's "Don Giovanni"· brought it' comlposer no more than L20, Foar the "MIgic Flute" he was paid just 100 ducats; and yet the manager of 'the theatre at lhich the opera was first produced made a fortune out of it. . , 