1 BggfEiS.l-i*-«;"^"-_ ?\\)t ïitirrpol lêuiû, PUBLISHED EVEHÏ SATURDAY MORNING. TUE? su^ffískiott to , send 'Australasian con tinwants'to China is bb© climax bf absurdity, and a curious side-light of the dangerous development of militarism. It was a per- fectly reasonable and altogether natural thin" to send Australasians to the assistance of the motherland, not becau.se the mother- land was in need of assistance, but because the "reat Powers put on a most menacing attitude towards the British, and it was well to show the continental crowds that the Empire was united. But""Great Britain is not standing alone against the Boxers and the Chinese forces, but iw playing a modest part in a programme agreed upon by nearly every naval and militar}' power on earth. If we shipped fighting men, they would not only support th* British forces, but the allied forces of France, Germany, Russia, Japan and other countries. And what would b« the business of a few thousand men from these shores among the teaming fighting men already on the way or waiting for orders to proceed" to China? Why, Australasia would be made by «orne war-road people the laughing stock of the world. We. do not . want to he like a pugnacious ant in a fowl yard riot. We do not want to rush to the assistance of the Powers to crush a tumult in the Celestial Empire. Mr.. Seddon sug- gested tliat N«w Zealand, should sand a .ontingHiit for advertising purposes. But is there nut a cheaper way of making an exhibition of a country? Why not pass a resolution in the House of Representatives abolishing cold feet ? Such a motion would secure cheap and wide notoriety and 1 would convey to all and sundry that New Zealand was insane without the expense and incon- venience of a contingent for China. If the Powers do not want assistance to over-awe and subjugate the Chow millions, then-Mr. Seddon might be conducted to Pekin in all his Maori war paint. The Chinamen, on beholding such ari apparition, might fly to their foes' houses and promise to be peaceful on any terms. By all means, let the people of Australia see that militarism does not get th« upper hand of them. ,,Lsb us.fight, if we must, for the Empire-and ourselves. But let us not ridiculously thrust ourselves into China with the allied troops. The despatch of three light' draught vessels of the Australian Auxiliary Squadron capable of navigating tho Yang-tse and other river» is another matter entirely. As Mr. Chamber- lain pointed ont, these vessels will roach Hongkong in three .weeks, while th«y could not be sent from England under six or seven weeks. Moreover,' vessels now in reserve, are to be neut to Australia to replace those sent away to China waters. This fact shows that. England has enough and to spare of naval équipaient for the task in the far- East. By the way, that indefatigable military adrenisor, Lieutenant-Colonel Nield, wants tobo, transported to China with 500 of his »St. George/s Riñes. He has been writing to the prenti and is being interviewed by the press on the point. The honorable and gallant member is determined to bo a warrior in print, as well as a warrior in reviews, sham fights, parades and processions. In m*(iy respects, Mr. Nield is the most unliriui; inilitary self-advertiser beneath the sun. Why didn't he follow the example of Afr. »Sleath and Mr. O'Conor and observe the ongagemetiuj in the Orange River State through a telescope? The oldest Australasian weekly, "The Freeman's Journal," has just celebrated its jubilee, and its conductors ore.generally and gi'iierously felicitated on the interesting fact. The " Freeman's Journal" ia just as old ÄS Responsible Government, and it greets FuJtu-ation-with an all Australia'Common- weal th Constitution-as it begins the first year in thu second half century of its oxist euce. Within the pages of the "Freeman" have appeared a multiplicity of tho most brilliant political and literary articles and contributions of which Australia boasts. The list of its writers extend from Deniehy and Kondall down to Quinn, Lawson and Broomfield, and includes Harold-Grey, Hunt, Jrank Hutchinson, G. B. Barton, Victor J. Unley, Joi-m shaw, Dr. Badham and a jiULulrocl others. The "Freeman's" Jubilee issue i« a unique number and will provo intensely interesting tu all concerned in the Storni» and the struggles of Australia's most gittfcd suns. And it is remarkable* that so nj'iuy great lights have illuminated tho pages Ol Ul« "Fi PCIUUD." » i~*>rn Tinmiui M , ;-i-'onio Ghost Complaint* Woods' UA"ÜAI i- í'S'i1- imi:¿r. Cur*. i". oj, 