ECHOES AND RE-ECHOES. REVERBERATIONS. [By HL'GH KALYPTUS.] Down in "Siberia/"' which is hard by the Prouuce Department, over against the end of*the wharfage at Port Adelaide where the big steamers are wont to congregate ai large numbers of one or maybe two at a time, and "Skef" loads them down to the JMiniwi/il's mark with frozen beef made of. li'.bbit and'other reptilia, I came across a portly, self-satisfied old rat. ? "Hallo!" said 1, "how do you comment vous portez vous? for I had learnt Dutch alward a Russian steamer. "Yah, wohl!" said he in Hindmarsh Greek sharpened ou a Uowden brick. "I thought all you rodents were bubo nicised and exterminated two months ago. Great Kruger's ghost ! if Ramsay Smith or Gething gets on your tracks you'll have a shorter shift than the Governors. There lis a reward of twopence a head for you out laws dead or alive." He sat on a tinned-meat case, arid putting his paw up to his nose with the digits ex tended-which is a Masonic sign in vogue amongst the rats since the "Edict of Ram say Smith"-said:-"It's no use poking borax at me. 1 and my family, and my fiister.s, and my cousins, and my aunts have been away up in Adelaide sjnee July stay ing in warehouses in the same street as the Adelaide Corporation Office, and' we know the regulations re rats by heart. The young sters learnt to read that way. Mudholia was not good for the constitution; but some of us were all right in the Port stores." .. "Hut weren't .vou exterminated?" He grinned consuinedly. "Nary an ex terminate. Only a few-the feeble and the foolish-succumbed; but we are all coming back now." "Why, hang it all! didn't the paper say that several huifdred pounds had been ex jwnded in twopences, Rough on Rats, and small boys?" "Ah, well! so there was, but they didn't keep it. up. They just cleaned up o,ur lodg ings for us and we are coining back again till another fellow coddles a frozen fowl in his shirt-front, and then I suppose they'll be at it again." "Do you mean to deny that you were not the cause of the bubonfe plague?" "Nary cause. It was -the mosquitoes; they've all got it. There's more than a dozen of them in the swamps and ei«eks around Mudholia. They'll never get rid of it by offering twopence ahead on rats, or even mosquitoes. What they ought to do is to cover the Port River and North Arui from Jervois Bridge to Schnapper Point with mosquito netting, and smoke them out same as they did with wire-netting the rab bits up-country. Everybody who is found harvesting mosquitoes in his premises should be fined. Any householder found keeping domesticated mosquitoes should be had up. You tell Ramsay Smith and Geth ing they have been barking up the ivi'ou<> tree. It's mosquitoes, not rats; and another thing if they h;id. wanted to exterjnina'. i the rats why did they put .the poll tax ou Chinese. One Chinauian is worth a whole Health Board, because he'eats us'. Let the Chinese" come here ? and' keep tli^m out' of rice. that's the game; they'll go for-rats then, but we ain't afraid for the Chinkie is scarcer than we are; you sho.uld have a close season for Chinlcies, and give Con Ion another job; he's the man who sto,ps the Chinkie from coming here, make him Inspector of the Celestial Im port Department, that's the game; and let Getiling pass all the'healthy ones. J>ut don't' let this get into the Press, because they might take it seriously and then what would become of us, although we are as in nocent as that frozen fowl?" He tipped me a wink and disappeared under the wharf. One wonders what would become of the Rev. Mr. Gladstone wlio has been making the moral atmosphere of Nathalia so ultra tropical if the newspapers, did not advertise his doings. There are two ways of doing the notoriety business, the orthodox one of drafting sensational advertisements and paying up according to the scale, and (lie other is to do something exceptionally ec centric and keep on doing it. This style has the method of cheapness and is in much favour with seiine politicians, cranks, tub thumpers, fanatics, adventurers, stump ora tors, and geniuses. The Rev. Gladstone gets there all the same through the sensation-loving public, and so did the Slatlerys. There is nothing like raising a dust. The Rev. G. will never be canonized as a martyr; but if he succeeds in purging the Augean stable of society, he will have accomplished an herculean task in which hosts of self-constituted reformers have failed, and will deserve all the credit he wishes hiiyself. The dead certainty with which misdirect ed letters get to their'destination is becom ing proverbial. Recently a friend of mine living within the sound of the Hell Buoy re ceived a letter from Dresden addressed --, "Semaphore, Tasmania." It did not go to the erstwhile Van Diemen's Land, but hit tJjo mark first shot, which is another feather in the cap of the G.P.O. Commandant Botha has the reputation of being a most accomplished gentleman, who is more of an Uitlande.r than a Boer; but if all that is said is true, he behaved like a very boor when he deliberately destroyed pili-s upon piles of letters sent from all parts of The world to the brave, patient soldiers, of the Queen, to whom they were more pre cious than gold; It was a mean, eontenvnti ble action, ar.d contrasts strongly with tliat of more than one Australian mail robb'a-, who simply searched for notes and cheques an<] left the correspondence unhurt-indeed, in one caps the letters were put back in the mailbag. One can understand the destruction of stores by an enemy; but to make a holo caust of the touching communications from mothers, sisters, fathers, brothers, and friends to Tommy Atkins, hungering for news of the d-ear ones at home whom ho may never see again, is petty spite beyond expression. For the sake of Bolha'a reputa tion as a brave foonan, I hope there is no foundation in the charge. 