The Sketcher. Patty. e MrP. Furnival. Mr. Furnival. Burgess. Sone.-.11?.. 1: "nival:s, Boudoir. 31'.-. ]ur:tlral (it'deep i-liair by 11fire) ICharlihs liie! Thllank gSihltlass we tr tll ' ll lhe hill" llI.anywhere to litghi, and we ca;l outrage nll tile S.prol'ieto.s. We won't dress for dhnh'r, and Charllie s'lltli snilke 'here; alld 1in sp?nd the evln:ng making love rto y own hltsband.lid .... . . Yes, 1t;irgtss. (Entler Iu'rgesht w\ith telo gr.I.III.1 l\ el'graIII Iill .sntile I I iitwL t hiCave k1 nowni that somethlling wtould-. Thlat will do, Unrgess. (Exit littrgmes.) I hate telegriinta ! Of couplle, Chliarlle's detained. Solmine fool of a woman boring hint v'lth her tiUddlesil. I lihate a womaln with Ia llentail stutter Dlagutisrng dolour yellow I (Opens elegrlni.) tOh, thai, riig o! DI nnoer it thlle Savoy, iand Tilel Lyeuiit afltrwardils. Iglorlous ! DiIar boy ! But 'hlow fnlitilly It's t wotrded i. " Diler invuoy, .sevent olilllap. 1 yeetnl ii afterwal'rd. Ilr'ing I'a tly." \\\'i:t iii thile world does lie ellcan ? It Is l' ttty ! Why, itl' not firom Cih.rlie Safter ill. It's from hailt gold lag lied In the inlddle, thle Iman Turnhtiiuill. r Aso, Brof 'cooie,:;t's7zNii?a?t.r Ohliarle,, r'latty, illndeedl I nstlfferaole tilli;ii' dlece ! llow dare call tme Poltty ! It Isn't even ilty 11ri1te. There Lnl:iit Ie nioe . . Bring PtI' . . h'hig . . Pitly . . . . B ringt . Oh,11 not ihat! JDearl God, not that ! O'h, what s•hall I do ? 'What shall 1 do ? (Paces Inbacwards andil Iorwrtds ; stops alddlenly.) Shaill I try it ? I nlinl kniow. 1 must le sure. (tandsla still for a mlomlent; then presses hell.) (Iittetr Hurgess.) 011Oh, Buiges, bring the pale-rose lar'p shade, this Ihorrld ril thling hurlts y eyes. Andtl, Blurgelss, 'tell .utlle to. 1, it out 111y new tea gown. And, Buirgess, whlen I ring, bring ulp the tenl at olk", andt see that It Is plirtltulirly good. Andtl tell to(itk to be sure Itl.t tile ettilit' si.llllwichel s 'tre as Mr. lulrnlvlll likes tlenti. And puilt soeiu of tilose Ihilners d'anmtem-.It o tile te bbon inlterl. Tell Mr. -?iur'ival that I will n111t be a momenit. (Exit.) Blurgess (alone) : FH'm I Now I won der 'how Ilncl thils cull of tell. Is going to cast Mr. i'urinlval. (Exlt.) ; tiir. .F?t'uilyatl .(led '1ie onmes , in) :Mad'h, Madge I " \yi)'cro.. nre you ? lIurry up, dea,ll I . Ia.m imhlply dying for ti Lnp of youtr '?artlcular tea. (Mrs. iurnivai c ines in.) T?ove I lfdtlge- yon-you--look simply dlvline this evenll ing I (Steps forward.- Shle eludes 'him and lii'aprea bell.) 'Mrs. Furnilval::.T?hla evening I ftalller crude,. isn't t I ? I was uaider the tll: Iprsslon that I had it w\?y of looltig decent. I try to, for the credit of the fatmily-and for-my lord's pleasure. 'MI. Furfilvao: And there Isn't such anlother woman in tile world, and you know it, you sweet witch. (tShe curt seys.) Well, is that all I'm to Ihatve for my pretty speech ? Mrs. Furnlval: Oh, no l You shall have a-cup of my partlcular tea. Chiir lie 1--Burgess I -'Mr. Furnlval: ItHng Burgeos s (S:ts Sadwn and kicks at fender stool.) (Burgess arranges tea equipage and eXlt.) Mirs. Furnival: Come, Charlie, here's your 'tea Just as -you like it. You-look dreadfully tired you poor boy. Been worrled much to-day ? Mir. Furnival (taking tea and with a keen. look at her) : Not particularly. 'Tlsn't that. Mrs. Furnival : Whalt is It then ? Quick-I mean s. it anything I can do 'o I won't say a word, and, perhalps, you'd feel better If you told me everything. Mir. Furlltival: Oh, it', nothilg. At least, if youl don't know wlhat's the Ilat ter, I don't. SMmrs. Furnloivl : Wlhy, the dear boy is a po htlve enlgigma. But I think I .rther a like a myslteiolis grIef. (1Mr. FIurtih'al inoodily" stils his tea.) Yoil poor, w'r oled old manil. Drltik your ten, and let me play to you. Mr. Furnival: No, thanks. My--my i head nche:t Mrs, ll'urnaial Oh, Charlie, I am sor ry. Let ime ring for somne -Eau de Colognc. Mr. Fulnlval : H'm I Look here M.adge, I can't stand thls 1 What 11ave I done ? Mrs. Furulval: Oh, nothing, I sup pose. That Is to say : you haven't drunk your tea, you haven't touched anything, not even those nice sweets t which I had up specially for you. SMr. Furnlval : Oh, hang the sweets I I I beg' your pardon, but conf-- your know what I mean, perfectly well. Don't say you don't, or you'll make meta -more mtneraohle than I am already. Madge dear, pitch Into me. Say any thing you like, only for goodnets' sake, don't sit there so demure and pretty, and so-- unapproachable. Well there, I'm sorry. Upon miy soulI I don't know what I've done, but whatever It is, I'm sorry. Mrs. Furnival: Poor boy I But ,why 'should you be sorry. I hope you are not going totbe ill, for then I should be sorry. Is the light too strong for your g eyes.? Let me turn it down. SMr. Furnlval : Very well, -Madge. If you are determined to have it so, so It I must be. Only it's the lsrt -time we've \--I mean it'sethellrst time you've ever :been like tils, and I canu't make it ot, t thit's'all. l'm a blundering'idiot; .nud don't understand women a little blti siuver dld. But when a man's mnade like me he dcesn't want hie wife's tea or her sweete; he wants her. Tlhant plain enough. Mrs. Furnlval : It's very nice I (Sinks t back hi her chair and fans herself gent ly. Blut 9on've got mie surely I Here I am, very luuch here I t Mir. Fnrnlvtl (starts forword, she site ulp, he sinks back again): Oh, yes; you're there, and I'm here. And you might as well be at-the North Pole. M[rs. Purnlval : No, really. Decidedly yeou are nlystetious, hbut you are not , nau?olg. t .Mr. Furnlval : Amusing l Madge, tell me hIow I've offended youel. Upon ilny honour Sa a gentlelnan, I hardly know what any othler wolnan looks like, or what llae wears, if that's It, You've been thile sweete?st nnd light of nmy life hitherto. To-nighlt, you nllght be wood; ; stone; it beautiful allItolatonI shut Il1 ill a gliss boi, for all that I canl get at i '.IrA. Firnlval: 'lThlen w slploe we change thie sunbJect!:- G "Teach Ule 0to flirt aII fall. As the Spllalsh ltidles cilIn :I'' dol't youll thhlIk this one stlil my colonur. i iug tntilllrlitly ? (Ila.y. It atgiinst her I 'chleek.) W\\\'hlt would Mr, Turnbulll shy, I wonder ? MSr. ll'rn'ilval : ITrutbll I Whiat tile d-- I ntenil, ·wlt oil eartlh dlo you ' mean ? . e Mrs. Iiul.nlval: Nothing I If you don't 0 kUOw, 1I don't. 'I Mr. FturnIall : 1 only 'noow it wouldn't i take lluch of this to broltk my heart. Mrs, FiuriLlvn l ; "A bIroken heart alld n n. lnolckihig tolgue." litt isn't this Just ti little Iraglt ' ' 0 :Mr. lui'nlial: TragIlel JIst as you I Dluscw, 'Bi-i 'o way, we hlaven't any engagement to-night-no. Then, If you llave no objection I'll-I'll look in at the club for an hour or two. Mrts. Fornival: By all means; but you won't find Mr. Turnbull there. Mr. Firnival: 011, Turubull be (stlrt'n to his feet). What has he to do witll It. anyllyhw ? And what do you : know of Jits goings and comtings. (Takes h lier hiand ant draws her to her feet.) No, Madge, that won't do. Look at me! Look nme In the face I You have said too liullch-Gr not enouIgh. Whatl Sllhas TrrIll been isaying to you ? By heavtule, if he has dared so mnuch as to look ait you, I'll wring his ugly little neck. aMll. Furntial: Better, much better I! But t isn't his sayinlg, It's your doing. MIr'. Furuival: My doingl? Good MaIdge, once more, will you speak out ? aMrs. lnul.nlv'al flow can 1, when you look alt me like thatt? Oh, well, it's only that you and lie--Mr. Turnbull, I tean-t-that--thatt Charlle, you- No, I don't believe you could dolt. Charlie, l'tit not really wooden, am I ? . . (Startinlg front hinm) It Is of no se ; you calnnot lay it ghost so. Charlie, I must be quite certain. What is this secret be. tweenl you eml Mr. Turnbull ? Ah ! don't look at tme with those eyes ! Don't touch llie I It is true, it .i true. [Mr. IFurnival : True ' Madge, are you Mrs. FuIirnival : Ot, I see it all now. Antd.yvon thlught to elieat me with a oe?u dul?lul -biaes. You were uneasy ait miy seeming coldness. Charlie, how could you ? I did lore you so ! Andt you de iii to dreiatl of gollng to her, witlh nliy kiss warut l on your lips. Minerable ! cowardly ! Mr. Fuirnval : Her ? What her ? Xt'hy, thits is ten tIllltim worse Ithan the other ! Madge, I swear to you Ia',. Furn-val : No, no-not that I It's bad enollghl w'ithout that. And I belieed il I in tit mlal's honour. e10 was next my God ! Oh,. oh I tr. F?'Unit'val: Madtge, hear me. I cl .lge you; Inswer tle. Who find w ait Is this woman of whom nyou are raving ?' 'irs. I'ulrnivail : HIear' hltm I He asks nI(t who lhe Is As If I knlew I Such i tlunais, too ! The o' l eononl jest of Iis frlletlka I lirlig Patty I Oh, the shame of It I Mr, l. luralv'al: Her namesne'is Ptty tlhen. l'erhalltl It dots not matter, but If youll.cire,to know, I pledge ty solemnn tword-- / " Mrs. Ftrnivitl Hash, OharJis, you lmusit not I Itedl, rend. (Thrltt.hinu g tele gra-'lut into !ts hanltd.) Ohi tiht .ever I was born. (Sinks Into tdhtri, covers her face.) Mr. Furniral (reads) iDDinner Savoy, 7 sharp. l,3yeOeuni afterwan'ds. lBring Patty. Oh, Lord-! Oh I ho, ha, hlt, lih ! (Falls Into chair in paroxysm of Itughter). Mrs. Fur'ival looks at him, bursts Into tears Mr. ,'Furnival (throwing himself at her feet) : Don't Madge, don't mny darling. My dearest. It's ill rigiht-onl my soul It is I Do 11.titen for i mllo entit. It's all it stupid umistalke. Turnbull wants h'l head Ipunched. WIll, you listen; only for a mlomenllt ' Mmr.,.Furni'al (sobbing) : Yes, Char lic--quick, quick I MIr. IFurilltvalll: Turnibull Is I Ia brother, you kInow. I wantlled him to cell solnle stock for Ime. Do you understand ? Mrs. llrnival : Go on ; quick, qluick lI Mir. Furnival: Well, I Inlssetd lhim this inoVtiuig, and sno the wanted me to meet him to-night at dinner and bring the ipaper -with me, the:.paiper that gives him power to sell-Powei' or Attorney. Patty is short for Power of Attorney. Don't you see ? Mrts. Furnhval: Butl-O-l, Charlie, Chartle I . . (Starttig utill) But t's c o'clock now, inttil widit;lll never get there Ill tinle ; e says 7 sllarpl. Andl, of cout'c, It's Llmortallnt. ow you i nitt late mie for Lbenlg such i fool ! .1r. Flurnvital : IIIte you ?7 Looks like it. Bt?lhtles, you c ull't go out. after this. Mrs. Furnival Can'iit I Why, I coull, dance all the waiy ! G(o alolg and don your armlour. Oh, what a fool1 ('They go out,) Mr. Furivalh-l (within) : I say, comen alnd do tmy necektle-Patty !-L. W. M., 1 In " Blick and t!White." 