Queensland Notes. Brisbane, December 13. The "guillotine" has now been in operation since Monday? and the floor ot the Legislativa As sembly, metaphorically, is strewn with dead, with speeches cut off in the fairest moment of pro mise. Speeches premeditated, speeches prepared, speeches partially delivered, have fallen, ruddy ing the carpeted floor with their untimely blood. The slaughter has been great, and the merciless knife has cut its way with unerring aim to the object in view. A certain stage of business has been reached in a certain amount of time; and that is what the machine was intended to do. The imperfections of all human inventions has shown itself, however, in this device, as it ever does. You may drag a horse tfl^ the water, but ?vou cannot make him drink. It is possible to decree tha*t at a certain hour all debàte on the measure under consideration shall cease, but it is quite another matter to make members do a Axed amount of business in the intervening time. Under the new standing order the Chairman of Committees has to put through the committee stage all the clauses of the bill under considera tion which have not been passed by 10 o'clock in the evening, without amendment or debate. There was a defect in Shylock's bond. He might take his pound of flesh, but not a drop of blood. So in this case, clauses must be put without de bate or amendment, but there is nothing to pre vent divisions* being called for. The Opposition, being denied the right to talk, can divide un ceasingly, and so keep the House occupied all che same. On Monday night seven clauses of a bili of thirty-one clauses-the Mount Garnet line-had been discussed by 10 o'clock. - The knife ft*ll then, and it took nearly "three hours longer be fore the remaining clauses were passed. Öh Tuesday night only four clauses of a Dill of thirty-two clauses-the Albert River, Burketown, and Lilydale Tramway Bill-had been got rid of by 10 o'clock. A division was called on every clause; and it was after 1 o'clock in the morning when members rested from their labors. So tho "guillotine" has achieved muon; but it has not been a complete success, and, of course, it was no pa i of the policy of the Opposition to make it so. No self-respecting Opposition could consent to be snuffed out at 10 o'clock at night with any amount of cheerfulness, or with gratitude to the saufllng out party. * * ' * * Tuesday was the day on which the members under sentence of seven days' suspension resum ed their places in the Assembly. They came back almost unnoticed, though it was not long before they were heard. Mr. Dunsford, the member for Charters Towers, who since the div orce proceedings in which he was co-defendant has absented himself from the House, also made his first appear ance, looking somewhat worn and anxious. He flitted uneasily about for a while, and without taking any part in the proceedings, retired at an early hour for the evening. The ice having been broken, presumably he will resume his regularity of attendance. There was more electricity in the air than on the previous evening, and there seemed to be every prospect of a storm when the hour of the "guillotine" arrived. It broke shortly afterwards, when, in the course of one of the many divisions, Mr. M'Donald, member for Fliu ders, one of the ejected on the last occasion, came into collision with the Chairman. The of fence, apparently his refusing to sit down when called upon, and insisting oh the Chairman giving a ruling which ho had no inclination to give, Mr. M'Donald was again suspended for a week. Mr. Lesinu naiTowly escaped a similar fate, but. was allowed to withdraw certain very strong ex pressions which he had used. Possibly, his turn Will come again another day. * * * * Mount Garnet, which has been somewhat in evidence of late owing to the proposal by a pri vate company to build a railway there, has been the scene of an interesting^discovery. A party engaged upon the permanent survey for the exr tension of the railway from Atherton, came upon the crater of an extinct volcano, situated be tween three and four fniles from the proposed railway route, and about 12 miles from. Herber ton, The singular part of the matter is that, though the district has been traversed time after time by prospectors and others, nothing to sug gest the presence of such a thing appears to have been discovered. It was when piercing an al- ( most impenetrable scrub-a scrub characteristic of North Queensland-that the party made the discovery. The crater is stated to be about five chains in diameter, with vertical walls, ris ing more than 600ft above the water which fills its once turbulent well. An attempt was made to sound the depths, but a line 800ft deep failed to touch bottom. For a considerable distance around the mouth of the crater the surface ls covered by lava. A more thorough investiga tion is to be made, and there is no doubt some interesting facts will be disclosed. The evi dences of volcanic action are writ large on the natural features of this remarkable district, a district, whose varied mineral resources and fine climate make it at once one of the most prom ising and, geologically, the most noteworthy por tions of the colony. Some day, and that, prob ably, not far distant. Herberton will be the centre of one of the most flourishing and popu lous centres of Northern Australia. That may not be an original prophecy, but it Is well found ed, and its repetition will not do Herberton any harm. * * * * The decision of the Secretary of State for the Colonies that the British troops shall not v'sit Queensland is not exactly what was expected. Queensland claims credit for having b?en the first to offer military assistance to_ the Imperial Go vernment in Africa, though it i's true that, owing to unfortuitous circumstances, her troops were not the first to arrive. Still, her intentions, were good, and possibly the colony may be excused for calculating on some courteous return from Mr. Chamberlain. The result has Bhown that grati-) tude is no stronger a quality in the Imperial statesman than in the colonial. On the face of it, the refusal to send the troops here, when they are to visit Sydney, Melbourne, and Adelaide, looks peculiarly like a slight. That, at any rate, is the view that nine people out °f ten in this torrid country will think. Perhaps the reason given for the excision of Brisbane from the visiting Plan is worse than the refusal. It is bad enough to lie refused, hut ?when you are also told that you are too far out of the way to he considered, as an ex-member of the Legislative Assembly used to say, "lt do seem hard." Perhaps Mr. Chamberlain does not know, that there is a railway between Brisbane and Sydney, or that such up-to date things as steamers traverse the ocean be tween the same places. Probably he supposes that his troops will have to march overland from Sydney, and may get bogged in the Great Austra lian Desert. It is difficult to find any other ade quate excuse. Special trains would bring tho visiting soldiers to Brisbane in twenty-eight hours, and they could be returned safe and sound "In three or four days, unless the great Tantaloona tiger or the Kiama ghost were to intercept them. Seriously speaking, there is room for considerable disappointment, because many Queenslanders have never seen an Imperial soldier in all his parade finery, and the spectacle would be an eye-», opener to most of them. Popular and official efforts are being made to get Mr. Chamberlain to alter his mind. * * * * The population of Queensland, according to the latest estimates, is 508,864. The number Is «tmall considering the massive s.'ze of the terri tory. You might drop the whole of our people out in a suburb of London, and they would scarcely notice the fact. It is also true that you might take a strip of territory equal to the size of the world's metropolis opt of Qneensland, and never miss it. So there are some compensations in the existing order of things. If London has a vast population, Queensland can beat it hollow in the matter of superficial area. If our people are few our thirst is great. For a small community, Queensland puts away enough alcoholic liquor to make the shade of every temperance reformer, past and present, weep. The total consumption of liquor, spirituous and malted, was 6,319,768 gal lons, or the literal quantum of 12.42 gallons per man, woman, and child in the colony. As a very large proportion of the women and the children do not consume strong drinks, the annual allow ance per drinking adult must b»s a long way mora than sufficient for him to drown himself in, or take his morning bath in for a considerable sea son. It is mournful to think that while there continues so severe a drought in some portions of the territory, there has generally been such au al coholic flood. Looking at the figures, I find that the colony drank more beer", more'spirits, and more wine than it did in either of the preceding years, so that it may be assumed that the deal ers in liquor have been enjoying a continuously ex panding trade. The amoun t of locally-made beer, sometimes irreverently termed tangle-foot, was 5,172,5G2 gallons, and of imported beer. 492,749 gal lons. Naturally, perhaps the people drank much more largely of beer than they did of anything else. The most popular liquor outside the potent .tankard was whiskey, of which no le3S than 272,230 gallons was consumed. Brandy found fa vor to the extent of 74,600 gallons, and locally made rum, the strength and iniquity of which no man knows, to the quantity of 67,041 gallons. Wine, which some say will be the drink of the fu ture Queenslanders-very far in the future, I fear -showed a slight falling off in the home-made article, and a slight increase in the imported. Lastly, Queensland imported 51,873 gallons of wine, and consumed about 80,000 gallons of her own manufacture. * * * * It is one thing to attain parliamentary honors. It is quite another to be allowed to enjoy them in peace. To vary Shakspere somewhat, one might say uneasy lies the head that occupies a parlia mentary seat. If legislators are to De reliel upon, they are always more or less in trouble. They no sooner take possession of the portion of cushioned bench falling to their share, than their constituents start sticking pins in it, ./hich sooner or later make themselves felt. Some faithful supporter wants a billet, for which he has not the remotest qualifications. A constituency de mands a railway, which nothing would ever per suade a Government to build. Party requirements call for an amount of self-abnegation, which no free and independent man thinks he ought to give. These, and many other things, make the cup of the legislator run over. When to all these drawbacks is added a series of obstinate and determined attacks upon his electoral seat, the chosen of the people is tempted to revile the political fates, and wonder What fatal heredity taint induced him to forsake the humble but peaceful lot of a private citizen. There is a member in the present Legislative Assembly, who has suffered more than the usual quantity of the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. It may be said that some of his troubles were of his own making, or were the consequences of his «. vn pre vious acts; but the fact remains that a Namesis has followed upon his track with relentless and unerring determination. This member, Mr. Don ald Mackintosh, who represents the favored con stituency, of Cambooya, is a man who was induced to leave his peaceful fields to enter the stormy arena of politics. He defeated the Labor candi date, and former member, at the last general elec tions. Probably, his most fervent wish to-day is that he had been way down at the very bottom of the poll. The late member challenged his right to the seat at the outset, and the result was a long trial, before the Elections Tribunal, which etded in his being declared duly elected. This did not satisfy his opponent; it only induced him tc attack from a new direction. For months he has been probing into the present member's ante election tactics, and these proceedings have cul minated in a further inquiry by a select com mittee, and a variety of police court prosecutions, one of which resulted in Mr. Mackintosh being committed for trial on a charge of forging an electoral claim. The whole business has been very complicated, and practices have been brought to light, which, it is said, were not contemplated by the Elections Act. How they will end is yet problematical. Possibly, by the time the next general elections come due, Mr. Daniels will be successful in unseating his opponent. Possibly he will not. In-either case, both men will be poorer, and much sadder men; and capricious for tune may reward both by giving the constituency a new man when the next elections come round. * * . * As practically nothing has happened to change the face of things financial, it is not surprising that the Treasury returns for last month prac tically only repeat 'the rather dreary story of the past few months. The day of booming up revenue has gone for the presenit, and for a while, at any ra'te, the Treasurer will have to be content if the downward course- does not become more rapid. Tîie disastrous hand of the continuous drought presses heavily on the country and the revenue, and its full effects have not yet ripened.. . The only offset to the slump observable in almost every branch of' revenue is 'the activity of the agricultural indus try. The seasons have been kind 'to the coastal re gions, and agriculture has forged ahead splendidly under their genial influence. The Darling Downs, for instance; look almost at their best, and the yield of wheat is expected to reach the exception al figuro of one million and a quarter bushe'e. In addition to that, the 'demand far good agricultural land continuously exceeds the supply, and settle ment on the land in the moro favored districts of the colony ls progressing very satisfactorily. The 'iotal revenue has fallen from £1,973,236 to £1,847,082. The expenditure was £1,325,932, a con siderable advance on the disbursements of the corresponding month last year, but substantially under the receipts. Perhaps on the whole it is' matter for congratulation thait things are not woree. * * * * ,,. In social matters there rs very little to record. His Excellency the Governor and his household have decided to spend the summer months at Harlaxton,, a picturesque spot on tho main range, and they will soon shake the dust of the metro polis from their feet. Miss'Elsie Hall, the gifted pianiste, has been giving a series of artistic repitáis, which have commanded a good deal of interest. The Theatre Royal continues to r»n well and storng, and the periodical arrival of novelties enables the management to retain their hold on the public without difficulty. Gaeta. 