VOW. Till death or your own act shall sever, Take in your hand my life and fate, And be sole sovereign in the State Of all affections! I shall never Tire of our love, but still endeavor More ardently to dedicate To you iny heart, insatiate Of longing for the tender quiver Of lips, and looks, and hands, and a'! The mouths of sweet Desire's expression; Of longing for the impassioned call Of de.ep attachment, and the cession Of our whole selves, when words shall fall Of fondest mutual confession. # # # " The Backwater of Life, or Essays of a Literary Veteran," by James Payn, "is probably destined," says the London " Daily News," " to close the long list of the productions of that prolific and delightful writer. The twelve papers which are comprised within its covers are eminently characteristic of the author, above all in the subtle blend of humor and pathos—the vein of wise reflection, the cheerful views of life which have so often given pleasure to his readers." # # # Despite his reputation for dandyism. M, Paul Bourget is one of the most fertile authors of his school. He has just returned to Paris, and is already publishing a new serial—an interesting study of a fin-de-siecle Parisian menage—entitled " Le Luxe des Autres." # * # It is understood that during the year Henry Norman will contribute a series of articles to " Scribner's " on present-day Russia. Norman has been careerin' roun' the Bear country takin' notes in a pretty comprehensive way quite recently, so his stuff should be readable and interesting. # * » The Marquis of Lorne, whose appointment to the first Federal governorship is threatened, is a bit of a .poet in his own little way, and has turned •out many yards of from fair to awful verse. Someone suggests that there will be rhyme if not reason in his appointment. # * # Buskin was married half-a-century ago to a lovely and accomplished lady, but the union proved uncongenial. Buskin was then brimful of enthusiasm for MillaiB, just as Bulow, the German musician, was for Wagner; but in each case a woman caused the appreciation to decline. Wagner ran away with Madame Bulow. Buskin's wife sat to Millais for a portrait, and the result was that the pair fell in love. Buskin got a divorce. His wife married Millais, and had nine children by him. She figures as the heroine in one of Millais 4 highestpriced paintings, called "The Belease," of course within oblique reference to her own release. * # # The recent vicissitudes in the affairs •of Messrs Harper and Brothers have culminated, says the " Chicago Dial," in the formal transfer of the business to -airustee, under the conditions of a mortgage for a large sum held by Messrs J. Pierpoint Morgan and Co., bankers. The trustee has appointed as agent Mr G. B. M. Harvey, proprietor of the " North American Review," who has thus become the legal and actual manager of the Harper establishment. It is stated that "this step was taken by mutual ageement, and with the full approval of the Messrs Harper, as being the best method of effecting a permanent readjustment of their affairs. Although the amount of their indebtedness is given as over a million sterling, the assets are believed to exceed that sum considerably, and with the fresh assistance, financial and administrative, which the house will receive, there will, adds the " Dial," be no impairment of its credit or efficiency. The house of Harper and Brothers was founded nearly a century ago. # # # " Harper's" has secured new stories from the pens of Mrs Humphry Ward and Mr Zangwill for this year. # * * M. P. B. G-heusi, who claims kinship with Gambetta, in addition to being one of the most elegant writers of the present day, has succeeded Mme. Juliette Adam in the editorship of the " Nouvelle Revue." He has embraced the tenets of M. Constans, and it is reported that Vie intends to metamorphose the " Nouvelle Revue." The latter magazine was founded by Mme. Juliette Adam, who is universally acknowledged to be one of the most brilliant aud talented French authoresses of the 19th century. « « # J. M. Barrie's "Tommy and Grizel" has started in " Scribner's." The yarn is a sequel to " Sentimental Tommy," wlio, as everyone knows, is said to have been sketched fiom poor R. L. Stevenson. * # • Ghatto & Windus will shortly turn out " Our Greatest Living Soldier*." and just at present it should sell like the proverbial hot cakes. It will give biographical sketches of Lord Wolseley, Lord Roberts, Sir Evelyn Wood, Lord Kitchener, Sir Donald Stewart, and other famous " uniformed butchers." • # * Melbourne " Table Talk" prints the following under a portrait of George Essex Evans, one of the top-notchers of Australian versifiers:—Mr George Essex Evans is a youug resident of Toowoomha, Queensland. Like most Australian poets he is not native born. He has, however, passed the greater portion of his life in the sister colony, where he recently married. Mr Evans is one of the most musical of young Australian verse writers, and his latest work, " Loraine," is far ahead of many of the productions raved about by the poet manufacturer of a Sydney contemporary. The most casual reader of Evans' work must feel its vigor and sincerity, and recognise that it is genuine poetry. Few better things than " Loraine" have been written in Australia, which deserves to rank with the best work of Kendall or James Brunton Stephens. Mr Evans is also. a prolific and cultured prose writer, and edited the " Antipodean " magazine for several years. His locus standi as a literary .man in Queensland is second only to that of Brunton Stephens, with whom Evans is intimately acquainted. * * * Sir Bedvers Buller took a travelling library with him to the front, which included Bacon's " Essays," contributed by Lady Buller. Referring to other soldiers' libraries, " Literature " remarks:—"Lord Wolseley has told us that be carried a Testament and two volumes of Shakespeare through the Mutiny and China War, and since then ha6 always carried in the field a prayer-book, 'The Imitation of Christ,' and • The Soldier's Pocket-book.' He also liked to have a copy of Marcus Aurelius for reading at odd momentis, and on an expedition that promised to last for some time would add the following books to this little library:— History and Biography—Creasy's 'Decisive Battles,' Plutarch's ' Lives,' Voltaire's 'Charles XII,,' Froude's ' CeBSiir,' Hume's and Macaulay's 4 Histories of England,' and Macaulay's 'Essays.' Of all travelling or military libraries, however, the most comprehensive was that of the first Napoleon. He began with a collection of books carefully delected by M. Barbier, ihe Imperial librarian, who had them all uniformly bound in morocco and packed in oak boxes lined with greeu leather; a catalogue was attached to each of the boxes, which held about sixty volumes apiece, and were stowed away in the Emperor's capacious travelling carriage. This plan, however, did not satisfy Napoleon, who legretted the waste of space caused by the books' lack of uniformity in size During his stay at Schonbruun, after Austerlitz, he amused himself by planning a special library for field use. He hoped at first to get all the important books of the world within the compass of a thousand volumes, to be well printed in duodecimo. Before long, however, the Emperor came to the conclusion that at least 3000 volumes would be necessary for an adequate travelling library. So he proposed to have 30 cases, each containing 100 volumes in 18mo. The chief addition to that of the previous list was that of the Bible. In order to diminish the expense of such a scheme, it was proposed to sell copies to the public. M. Barbier estimated the total cost at about .£177,400 for an edition of 50 copies of each volume, .£219,000 if double that number were to be printed." # * * A ghost story is said lo have been told by Browning about the late Mr Ruskin, and is reproduced iu Sir Algernon West's book. When Mr Buskin was a young man staying in a valley in Switzerland he cauie upon a field left waste because, the villagers told hiin, it was haunted, *' for all the children, but not one of we, can see an old woman sitting there under the tree." Buskin ridiculed the idea, but some time afterwards he left the place aud went to a village fifteen mileB off. Remembering the story, he asked the family in whose house he lived, whose members, had never left their native hamlet, if he might take their young daughter for a visit to the place he had left. They consented, and he drove her over. As they approached the field he said to the little girl, " Tour eyes are younger than mine; tell me if you can see anyone." " Nobody," sho said, "except an old woman sitting under the tree." " Well,'* said he, " what is she like ? " " I can only see her back;" and then suddenly, with a voice of fear, " Oh ! she has turned now and I can see her face, with two holes where her eyes should be." Mr W. T. Stead thinks the tale a capital one, and remarks :— " It raises the question as to whether the child had ever heard of the haunted field ; or, secondly, whether, supposing she bad heard nothing, the vision was not due to the transference of Mr Buskin's thought to the child's mind." The more sceptical, however, will observe that the child professed to see a good deal more than Buskin had been told by his informants, viz., the eyeless sockets. The sensational artist seems to have added a few touches. Thus the "Geraldton Express" after a few comments anent our recent strictures upon the Education Department:—For all that I can assure the AEQONATJT that in the good old times, when there was no Cvril Jackson, no Randell, and (strange though it sounds now) no Sir John Forrest, things educational were very much worse. For instance, the headmaster of the Geraldton school, with some 60 to 70 pupils, was considered passing rich on £75 a year, and this without quarters. The personnel of the teaching staff, in the Arcadian days of the colony, waB certainly far inferior to what it is now, and the old " Central Board of Education'* got hold of some really extraordinary specimens of the dominie genus. On one occasion the, writer was one of the examiners, at Christmistide, At a certain provincial school (it wasn't the Black Flats). The master was apparently a foreigner. On the assembling of the scholars he produced his roll-book, and, with a flourish of the pen, shouted out, " All yeeB that are prisint say 'HereJ' and toy of yees that isn't priBlnt say • Absint!'" Vox. 