TP BAWDY BRIDAL BUREAU. Attention has been called lately by a Parliamentary return, an i by a discus sion among various religious bodies, .to the abuses connected with the' 'matrimonial agencies ' which are now established institutions of this city. These sgenciesdiiler among themselves in character, l.lo deal With some of theln you mast brig along your own bride ; the ri-st— ring, witnesses, clar.c, etc.— being provided at a r dieulouslv cheap rate. Other agencies are more accommodating, and will find you, (or a ; lee, a wile as well as a marriage cere- j mony, with as little ' ceremony ' as . ? tradespeople of another class would find yon' a shirt or a pair of socks. * ? * * At least one agency used to adver tise in ' 'J he Sydney llosning Herald ' that, in addition to other conveniences supplied, marriages might be 'con- summated' on the premis s. But ? that advertisement was veiy quickly withdrawn. Perhaps its publication did violence to tho chaste modesty of Granny of Huuti r-strcet. liut the general advertisement of the agency was continued. Whether thoy aro merely an outrage of a sacied sacrament and the most \- solemn and important of all civil acts, ?or cheap - facilities for criminal aud ' trip ' marriages, these matrimonial j ; agencies arc all iifSpircd with the one j . spirit— that of tho I urnitm- c-seller who | ??advertised, 'Why Temaineingle longer, j ?when yoji can g-'t one of my 'fine : .double-beds for £8 10s ?' It is tho ' ? business of the matrimonial agency to ?bait people into matrimony, to induce j them to enter npon the most sacrtid j and serious of all responsibilities in a ] 'spirit of levity and carelessness, and to turn a sacrament into a mero matter of jh'o'ney-changing. Betnrns have been presented to Par liament showing the number of divorces ?nd'of bigamous marriages contracted at these dens of always ilubiou. and olton : . disgrac. ful couplings. Because these, -returns do not as yet show any startling | results in the law courts from agency j marriages, it is argued that they aiea j jnst ficution of the existence of the ageu- , cies. Jno allowance is mado for j the' fact that the agencies have .not been - operating long, and that thfeir hell-crop has' not, therefore, been ? fully garnered id, :or that tlie miserable . class from which comes the chief victims | of ageucy methods, is apt, like the | wounded animal, to . lake its pain in I silence. The very poor classes do not trouble the liivorce Court much, nor do j the drifting dregs ana drains of the. de- ! based declass of a big city. It is from ; ♦(hem that the agency gathers its fees as f- ale, though of cour=e it has often re- ; tfjcriible patrons, who come to it from son? yiiistajieu idea that marriage in t'hc prefer way, before a clergyman, is something of a dreadful . ordeal, involving hnge expense. But 'even allowing the agencies the - fnll benefit of the figures in the Par- | liamentai'y return, and admittting that j agency marriages do not provide an \ ? excessively largo proportion of unions 'which are bigamous or which end in aivorc — wh t does that signify ? The main complaint is not that tho ageucii s encourage bigamy of adultery, 'but - that they degrade and drag down to the dust a most huly sacra- i mint, a most responsible civil con tract. The desecration of matrimony !,bv these marry- wliilc-ycm- wail, four 'ties-an- bonr places is. the evil, which ! should be stopped, even trhougb it may not appear to have those cons quencts i of immorality afiil wretchedness which common-sense teaches us it must one day bring in its train. ' There has been, however, a notable effort to shunt the controversy off its \- true track on to that side issne. In ? deed, one paper, the 'Daily Tele ^grapli/' influenced perhaps by asenso ? Ol gratitude tor tl;o advertisements which ..these agencies furnish, has. *? .boldly entered tho lists as their cliain li 'pion., , It claims ' - That .these institutions supplya pulclie de ? ' mnnd of no small maguitdde. - The matrimonial . ? [ agenoyhas obtained a practical business footing 'ill our 'midst, and m'ust be reckoned with ainongst tho ' commonplace affairs of modem . life. ' .. : arid coutiriues Under the , changing conditions of modern . 11 society, marriage is for a constantly- increasing number ? of people impossible, according to the old method by which two persons spontaneously fell in love and under that supreme impulse took each other for better or for worse, amidst tlifi-fenstinp and rejoicing of n. sfintimentally^in terestrjl neighborhood. Especially in lirge cities, there are men and women as willing to marry as T\Jr. Barlris was, hut with no op portunities of meeting each otter. The young man has, perhaps, become prema turely old figl;ti:ig to win a 'position.' and living in bachelor lodgings a life unblessed by the female acqnaintanceship incident to a family home. The young woman is also employed in a shop or office, or elsewhere, and leading^ in her boarding-house a. similarly un I'OMaulic land of existence. These two persons, leaving nowhere else to meet, go to a mntri mnuial agency, where, . if they choose to pay the neccssary fee, they can be introduced, be trothed, and married wliilo tlioy wait. It is a prosaic wuy of gotting through tile business, but it docs not follow that nmri-mges made on business principles are likely lo lie less success ful than those tlie motive of which is sirtibly blind passion. Whether or not, the business marriage is the only kind open to many people, and for these it is undeniable that the matri monial agency serves a purpose. Otherwise they' would not patronise it. * ? ? Anything more intrinsically immoral or more rei ulsive than this champion ship of tlie ageucy business it would be liard to find. The union of two people, who do not know one another, by means of a matrimonial agency, tuny be a more diguilied, because more settled, form of prostitution than 'the amours com menced on the side-walk and ended in some doss-house ; but it is certainly not M marriage.' To use that term in con nection with such couplings is to de grade and d secrate the dearest and mo*t cherished of our religious and civil in stitutions. 'Ihe Daily Telegraph' proceeds further with its special plea for the dogs at-thc-street-conier system of matri mony : — But there is another reason which conduces to tlie 6ucccsB of these institutions in competing with tlie churches. They are cheaper. Not only is tiiG fee for the performance of the cere mony lower,' but an agency marriage iiivolyes none of tlie useless expenses incidental to the santimentfllly-ortljodox wedding. Orange blos soms, coinages, cake, and all the properties of a theatrical wedding in a church can be dis pensed with. And there is no gaping crowd of sightseers to criticise the bride's dress or pabs remarks on the nervousness of the bridegroom. Good taste is preparing a general revolt against the vulgarity of tho public marriage, aud many of those who go to matrimonial agencies are merely the bold pioneers of this movement. No procession of bridesmaids and groomsmen through the streets ' is requTzfed by a custom sterner than unwritten law, no dramatically-arranged appeqrance of the bride, no display of any kind. The agency lias on hand every requisite, from wedding rings to witnesses, and the most important con tract of a man's or a woman's life can be ratified in a manner suggestive of a serious business, rather than of a festive freak for the entertain ment of tlie crowd. Whilst the previous arguments raijzht be counted honest, if degraded, these j statements are deliberately and wilfully i untrue. It is a disgraceful perversion of the truth to suggest that a proper religious marriage necessitates henry fees, carriage-, vulgarity, and theatrical festivity. Thousands of marriages arc reverently, decently, and properly per formed every year by ministers of the Churches frith none of these attributes of pomp aud show. If persons wish to be married in festive style, they may arrnnfro for crowded churches, leasts, receptions, newspaper notic s, and the like. But th se arc no essential parts of the religious ceremony, aud to re present them as being the necossary alternative to agcncy marriage, in order to bolster up this bawdy bureau business, is most'black misrepresenta tion. ? ? I trnst that tho Government and the Parliament will not be influenced by such advocacy, or by th-s more specious pleas of less courageous fri- nds of the agencies who ' prove ' their harmlessness with figures, to turn aside from their annouueed inten tion ot dealing with thtse atrocious agencies. They should neither spare the traffickers in holy things, who garner their putrid profit as. middlemen out of the made-on- the- premies marriage, nor the irreverent ' reverend gentlemen ' who, for tlie sake of the syndicates' solatium**, sell their cloth and their honor. i * ' ? Speaking in the Divorce Court on Thursday, Mr. Justice Owen said : — , I hold a very ^trong opinion on these matters, mid think that an Act of Parliament like this (Sir Alfred Stephen's Divorce Act) should be^ very strictly construed ou even' possible point, otherwise marriage becomes a merely temporary arrangement, dissoluble by either party ufter a certain length of time, shoulU it prove irksome. It makes a burlesque of what is a solemn and serious estate, namely, tkat of matrimony ; and I say serious, not from tho point of view of religion, but from the point of view of the State. That is not the only noto of warning which has come of late in regard to the downhill trend of our social insti .lutious. It is evident that marriage, the great pillar of society, tho institu tion which before all others buttresses civilisation, is being seriously at tacked. The tendency, ns Mr. Justicj Owen said, is to make it a burlesque ; and that tendency the chiap and nasty marriage shop, moro perhaps than anything els -, assists. For the sako of society, if not of religion, a stand must be made. JOHt' NORTON. THE CRITIC. Who can undaunted brave the Critic's rage ? Or note unmoved his mention in the Critic's pajje 1 Parade his errors in tha publiceye? And Mother Grundy's rage defy? A popular 'Murean fish — Dowoy. Y.M.C.A. Oatts is pretty good at doling out sly clmfi*. Little shopkeepers h&vo; got to go. Hordcrn See says po. Profits of poultry farming aro pro digious— to tho I'ouUry-pin'cbers. Were Oie Kiaraa -waterworks con structed to drown the local ghost? The devil probably told Eve that apples were good for the complexion. Wingham was an appropriate place, to have brought down Jimmy Governor. Why should a captured outlaw put the country to the expense of a ' fair ' trial ? Last Sunday we had three Gover nors—Jimmy, Joe and BiUy. Now we haven't one! Of all the Sees we ever saw, -we never saw a See more far-seeing than John See sees. Merry-go-rounds is tho engrossing topic at all the Manly Council meetings. Pheugli 1 ^ ^ The plans of our forts were drawn by foreigners, yet we are denied any information of them. Soma of thoso rascals in tbe ' divine-healing ' fraud sarMy want mortal ' toe- ing.' If your neighbor^ dog is nootar nally noisy, pelt him with Chinese hungers. Sure cure. ^ The police are asking the Govern mentto assist in arresting their own Superannu ation Fund. ^ Jack Want has stack to the strag gling shopkeepers in the Early Closing tyranny like a brick. Arcadcs straw-hat pushes aro a pes tilence on Saturday nights. Where's tbe ' move on ' bobby ? Everybody said when Brcelong Jimmy was captured — ' Dashed good job the police didn't catch him.' Butcher boy 41 boots' German Charlie the second docs his 'consulting' is a bock yard in Elizabeth-street. Rather lugubrious to feel that Jimmy Governor is being doctored and fattened up for Xmas slaughter, isn't it ? Ask the crack rifi-- shots if you want to know anytliingxabout the cronk cart ridges that come to this colony. Thieves have a free field now that the police are picketed in proximity to every little suburban store in the evegiags. The friendly southerly buster seems to have forsaken us. Russell's prophecies have killed it. Where's our Inclement Wragge ? 'Murican medico Weir Mitchell's 'Autobiography of a Quack' is only fiction. Tbuth publishes facts far moro extraordinary. The 'War Cry' says the devil is sick because we send money out of the Colony ihat we badly need ourselves. Good old Nick ! Two new Wesleyan ChurcteB for Hyde district. Lord ! what's the matter with the Wesleyans there? They must be a bod lot. Heal Society : Tbe body politic. Sham Society : Obese old dames and the lad gloved, frock-coated creatures who mess about them. ' I People may po crazy over the dis tinguished ' Bobs,1' but what about the crowd i who have 'broken their nccks' for 'Nosey : Bobs ?' ' Had there bren any ' information re ceived' business about Governor Jiminy the police would have made the customary ' clever ' capture. ^ The ?'S^erald' devotes rearly a column to some slobbery &tuff; about theQueen's singing lessons, and her relatione with Sigmor Lablache. ^ Why are so many peelers onpagod by night watching couplcs in the Domain, wlien there's so much practical police work awaiting attention ? ? ? ? What right has Premier Lyne to make a distinction in favor of Manly and Coogee in the matter of Sunday trading in , fruit and gingerbeer ? Wonder did Jimni.y Governor, with the gun shot in his Lr.rk, foci as sore last Sunday a6 did Willie Governor nflor lie got his blister from Truth. The cur'rous were striking nlatclies on Joe Goverr.or'e dead feet at Singleton. That's nothing. We've seen 'em struck alight on topers' noses. In Western Kansas there is a boy preacher named De Merritt, 1H years of ege, and it has bccome quite tlie fashion for young people to be married by him. Another child has died under the treatment of old 'German' Charlie Brugg mftnn, and the coroner's jury has censured the parents for going to him. The Public Service Board has un earthed a, fine old 'tipping' game among the sea- pjlnts and ship-surveyors. They give it the misnomer of 'gratuities.' The control a policetr.au has over a pint of beer when the Inspector is coming round t&e; comer is simply marvellous. It's the trick of all disappearing tricks. It was tho trouble over the division of the Kelly Gang reward that brought*about the Victorian Police Royal Commission, which turned tbe force inside out 'Sincrletou was all a^og when the body of Joe Governor was bronght into the town on Thursday.' The refrain of their soug was : We don't kill a pig every day. Tenants of the Strand shops would increase their turnovers tenfold if they insisted on tho Saturday night removal of the flash larri kins who block up both ends. Magpie mugginses of maudlin senti ment arc everywhere mouthing their mulishness over Jimmy Governor's ' Ulood-inouey ' going to Jack Wallace, of Wingbam. Jimmy Governors opinion o! our police force : ' They couldn't catch ft podgy calf.' Yo gods. Damned by a blackfello.'v ! Hide your heads, ye myrmidons. ~ The Boxers, are not half ns savnpc as our ' push ' larrikins. The former never touch their own color; the latter^are always ' dealing it out ' to white men. Wax matches are responsible for more suicides, attempted suicides, and fatal and ' other .poisoning cases in New Zealand and Sydney than all the drug poisons. One afternoon tea of the comtpittoo of the Metropolitan Charities Association cost £6 6s 8d, yet people wanting bread wero scattered all over Sydney. Shame ! Is it a fact that when General French offered his services for South Africa, Premier Lyne received a cable from Chamberlain refus ing to have Frcnch on any account ? ? ? ? The amending of, or rather tho addi tions to, the Medical Practitioners Bill will fairly squash the quacks. Fancy putting their ! correct names to the advertisements ! j Electric tram drivers, or any other tram people, don't require the nursing that E. M. Clark would give them. They must be pre pared to face a bit of weather at times. * ? ? . A drive around the harbor at the water's edge would be the roost delightful drive in the world, and a nominal toll would soon pay {he cost of resumption and road-making. ? ? ? This colony has always been a dumping ground for rotten ammunition. Ten years ago at the Paddington Rifle Eange, loads of cartridges were destroyed as worthless. « ? « . Some parsons regard with repug nance tho charging of a marriage fee— they leave it to the bridegroom. There are parsonic&J; points about that lovely bit of self-denial. Because the Government refuses to grease the pockets of haughty Holmes, the ' Sewage' Boar.d won't pay the clerk who did the soldjah's work while be was in Safrica. * ? ? Advt. S'merald.'— u Wanted, two gaiters accustomed to picnics. Apply, etc.' Why not give some o'f our 'crack' coppers who were hunting the Governors a chance? Italian organ-grinders' lament : Seller de fruit — maker de five pond — buyer de horgan — getter de monkey — monkey die — loser de horgan — loser de fruit — loser de heberyting! N Why don't tho police prosecute German Chaslie for giving a diphtheric child belladonna pilules. The Poisons Act prohibits the old fraud from usiug belladonna in any form. ? * * Austria lins presented a claim to the British Government for an indemnity for the AustrianB who have been expelled from the Traii8vaal'by the high-handed military autho rities. ? The heaven for animnls must surely he somewhere near Cooma, as 2S scholars at the Superior Public School there have won prizes for essays on the prevention of ciruclty to animals. f * * The Chows have been having high jinks in the Masonic Hall lately. 41 The Critic ' tried to And out tho meaning of it all, but failed. Can it be rehearsals for Commonwealth Cele brations? ' Truth regrets, 'for one reason, ihat tlie police didn't capture tho starved aboriginal. There 'd have been such a rumpus over the re ward that a Royal Commission would have been inevitable. The cigrarette-smoking straw-hatted cubs who infest the .Pitt-street eudof the Strand on Saturday nights lose no opportunity to ogle and gibe the girls,, irrespective of loose and respectable. 'The Quack does as ho listotli in Sydney within the wide acquiesence of public credulity ' Thus the Delirious Tremorograph. Yes, but ho has always had the help of the D.T. or he couldn't. ^ T3oo: makers owe a debt of gratitude to the Waverley Council. Pedestrians, to avoid tlie discomfort of walking on footpaths with a sensation of peas in their boots, take to the roads in preference. ? » * ' Who is that frightfully fat woman, wilJi the wig and pimply face ?' ' Oh, that's 1 Madame Faker, the inventor of Faker's Anti Fat, Faker's Hair Restorer, and Faker's Perfcct Complexion Producer.' Wearing out the cars on tho steam tram lines is certain to lead to accident — per- haps serious too. The rims of the little wheels on the car6 are worn as thin as paper. A wheel broke recently at Bondi. ? ? 9 Detectives and constables who were sworn friends before the final scene in the Kelly Gan^ hunt, never spoke with one another after wards. There was eueli awful jealousy over the division of the ' blood money.' Mr. Carruthers has received word from Chamberlain that Queen Victoria is not disposed at present to take on the title ' Queen of Australia.' Her Majesty is satisfied with England and Empress of India. Of what value is a ship surveyor who would take a tip of £3 in connection with his work? It's been going on for 18 years without the knowledge of the authorities. Shocking state of shipping business. The people of Blayney are about to place a brass tablet in their Town HelHn honor of the Showman Soldier nnd his desperate defence of Mafeking. Brat* is a fUtiugmaterial to use, being emblematic of his cheek. Parents who patronise an old humbug like Parramatta German Charlie deserve to lose their children, and ought to be punished by the law as well. Neglect in going to a proper ; medical man is another form of murde*. It's the duty of the Government to resume all the harbor frontages at tho price of the original sum paid by. Ihe owner. Nothing should be given for ' improvements ' consider ing the use they have had of the water, etc. A great deal of anxiety is bring felt for Jimmy Governor's health. Some ghouls are worrying lest he should die of his wounds and starvation, and thus escapo being violently jerked into eternity. Kind Christian soule. It 'wasn't champagne and the moun tain air which stalled off ' Lost Manhood ' from Sir Henry Partes, as roost politicians be lieve. i It was sliced tomatoes piled up with sugar. The old man revelled, in this form of food. ' The first *'hard case, yer wash'up,' for the newly-established Farmfield Inebriates' Home, opened by the London County Council, was a -woman named Lizzie Dutch, who had been convicted for drunkenness no (c6B than 62 times. It is statrd that the sore-eared 'Germaniac' Bill, having a presentiment of being predestined to share the fate of Dago land's late Humbert, perpetually carries a revolver. The Kaiser also carries a huge 'rat.' Th© 11 Herald,' in & rccent issue gravely reported in its shipping news that a black' funnel had passed Green Cape. Some time ago in tlie 6ame column tlie same journal announced that a ' bugger' had passed Tweed Heads.* * * * Carruthers is evidently making a bold bid for a title with his ridiculous ' Queeu of Australia' proposal. A simple knighthood is not likely to satisfy him. He will want to be created Marquis of Salisbury Court or Earl of Armidale I ? ? ? Sir Henry Paikes did for 'Tiger- Slayer' Jimmy against Copeland 11 years ago in the Armidale contest, that which Inglis has just done for Marsh against M'Malion at Uralla ? made a rness of it. Jimmy didn't get there; neither did Marsh. ,+ * * Tui Sawon's infant son died at Rewa (Fiji) on October 8 last. Tho body was interred among the bones of Ua Gara Ua Gio, tlie old Rewa chief whom the boy was named after. The mother is a neice of the late well known King Kokabou. * * « '* Lyne deserves tho thanks of tho Licensed Victuallers' Association for putting the fossilised and moth-eaten Sunday closing law of. Charles II. into operation. 'When the soft drink shops are closed the thirsty teetotaller will be forced into the pubs. At a London Policc Court an elec tric train conductor got two Months' gaol for stealing Id. At another court iu the monster city a man was fined 20s for nearly belting the soul out of his wife. Oh ! propputy ! propputy ! tlie fatinan's penny propputy ! ^ Peace ! Tho Netherlands Women's League have issued an appeal to the women of America, begging them to petition the United States Government to intervene with a view to L putting an end to the deplorable conflict in 1 Safrica. God speed their petition 1 A disappointed manager of a tour ing dramatic company mado this announcement to his very small audience of three: 'Ladies and gentlemen, as there is no one present, to night's performance will not be performed, but it will be repeated to-morrow night.' 'When Sir Henry Parkes Wi-nt to Armidale 11 years ago to fight for Jimmy Inglis and down Copeland, Sid Smith put two cases of tomatoes aboard tho Premier's carriage, and the people, on the platform wondered. But Sid knew the octogonarian's weakness. Ex-Priest Slntierv is pursuing his nefarious career in Brisbane now. The Golden 'West was too hot to hold him, and now Banana land promises to become the same. At his meet ing, bricks were thrown about, but no harm was 1 done, only a couple of reporters being laid ont. ' Le Petit Journal,' Paris, says that the British in Africa painted Kaffirs white, aud faced them to fight with the Tommies. Some French journalist has evidently dropped across j an allusion to Chirgwin, the ' White-eyed Kaffir,' and drawn his own ridiculous con clusion. Only three Australian svrashbuek lers in Rhodesia hare made application to tho chartered bretliren-iu-boodle for grants of ! disease-stricken soil on the feudal rackct Rhodes' now disillusionised dupes at 'the front' are cursing their folly in being in Safrica at all. Discharged diunk (to copper): Where's the blqomin' bottle o1 rum yer took off er me larst night ? Copper (indignantly) : 'Why, ye blaggard, J. pmptid the n rcful muck on the road to the slnshin. Drunk (with a knowing look): Yes, on the road to the station, down yer blanky throat ! Railway Commissioner David Kirk caldie came from Glasgee iu '76, and joined tlie service as a porter. He was essentially a smart man and made rapid progress until attaining hie present position. Like his colleague, Mr. Febon, Davie is generally popular amongst I railway employees.' ; J It's a liLel on our police forcj to say they are not keen observers. 'Who ever knerf ? one to miss a drunk ? Our bobbies are a dashing lot, and never known to funk— They'll 'scape all sorts of 'pushes,' but they never miss a drunk. How is it that junior clerks in receipt of lc68 than £125 per annum at Railway head quarters are allowed first-class free passes on annual leave, while lads holding salaried posts i 'up the line' are only allowed second-class? | This fie6h-and-fish business is often the cause of 1 caustic comment. Domain phrenologist Besemo has been giving his weekly decisions as to whether a man loves the ladies 'too much or otherwise for about as long as George Perry has been bedamning the booze. The professor's pet precedent was the diagrammed bump of the late prolific procreator Parkes, ? € « Dr. L. L. Smith (Melbourne) and Jimmy Inglis are champion yarn spinnera, hut L.L. is the racier of tho two fakers. One of ' Tiger's ' best is that of tho buffalo with a dead man firmly fastened on its horns. The weight of the rotting carcase evontually maddened and killed the boast. Not too bad 1 According to the ' Imparcial,'' of Madrid, the Municipality of Seville has put in force &n; ordinance for shaving the beard and scalp of boozers appearing in a state of inebriety in the public streets. Things would look pretty ' cronk ' in this city on Monday mornings if such a law were in force here. A returned swaddie and mcmbor of the Braidwood police was ' formally ' welcomed back by the local Mayor with ' a ' glass of wine. Rather parsimonious, considering tliat moBt returned swaddies— letalonea thirsty copper J — are usually prepared to celcbrate such an occa sion by 'sinking' at leaet a cask of tangle. At last there is a sensible sugges tion re the Commonwealth Celebrations. Henry Harris proposes that all the unemployed -and families who need boots and clothing should bo so supplied, and work found for the males by setting them on improving our parks, gardens, telegraph poles, pillar boxes, and cleaning the streets. * * ? The fears of the police that the Governors would he caught by the civi lians have been realised. The police told many bushmen that if they continued the pur suit independently of them, they would be sum moned, for what offeuce they did not say, but many were thus intimidated and gave up the pursuit. ? * ♦ * The Yanks, gave strict orders against looting in China. Yet 154 eases of ivory, pearl, jade and gold ornaments, costly silks, and idols taken from temples were sent by U.S. officers to friends at home by the ship Solace. Suppose there had been no prohibition against looting, how many cases would have been sent then. - ? # . # * During the Transvaal affair 265 British officers and 6931 ineu surrendered to the Boers. According to Kinglake, the. his torian, only 1& soldiers surrendered to the Russians during the Crimean War. In previous wars the surrender of unwounded fighting men was almost unknown. Napoleon ha6 said there is only one houorable way of being taken prisoner, aud that is when disabled. The excuse has | been made that the dcadliness ' of . modern ' weapons has been responsible for this wholesale surrendering ; but then the Boers did not lay : down their arms in the fashion of the 1000 ' officers aril men at Nicholson's Nek. A Potts Point 'Iidy'1 astonished some of her guests at an ' at home ' by talking of the subscriptions she had sent to the 'Society for the Promotion of Cruelty to Children.' On another occasion, when in Melbourne, she said she would have to say good-bye to her friend, as she had come over on an 'exertion' ticket, and it ' perspired ' next' day. * * « A man named Birks succumbed to Byncope at Gainsborough (Eng.), caused by ex cessive consumption of delicacies. This sad case should act as a wholesome premonition to ' Aurtralia'6 noblest ' and certain other nomadic trenchermen at present 'doing a perish' in order to batten and. fatten at the forthcoming Commonwealth celebrations. ? * ? At Albury, a constable disguised himself as a shearer and coased and persuaded a tobacconist named William Bray into laying a wager. Bray was fined £15. If the police would turn their attention to the wclshcrs on the various racecourses instead of men who have fixed and permanent addresses, their work would be much more profitable. Charles W. D. Goodchap proposes to have a bas-relief in gold of the Federal delegates, with the Duke of York in the centre, placed in the crown of tbe Speaker's chair of the Federal Parliament. As far as tho delegates go, this proposal may be all right, but what has the Duke dono for Australian Federation that he should be placed in the centre. ? * * For courage S'renry knocked spots off the Tiger- slayer. When their coach was crossing the flooded creek between Armidale and Hillgrovc during the Inglis-Copeland cam paign, Inglis turned pale in the middle of the swollen stream, while the old man laughed and chaffed, fearless of the danger. The body of the coach was filled with boulders. The Labor ' Chronicle and Trades Union Reporter,' tho official organ of the j Liverpool United Trades and Labor Council, . has taken a plebiscite of its readers on the jus tice or otherwise of tho war in Safrica, with the result that 407 voted that. the war is unjust, and -that it.-^s wjfged in Lhe^ interests ^f capitalist. Only seven voted in favor of the war. ^ Anarchists in Italy. wlio liavj given vent to their approval of the fate of King Hum bert are being arrested wholesale. It is calcu lated that up to last month there were no fewer than 1200 persons in prison in conscquence of tlie regicide. Acciarito, who' made the second attack on Humbert's life, has gone mad. Old B ? D ? , who useJ to de light in jibing the coppers at Darlingliurst, at tho most awe- in6piring moment, is still alive, notwithstanding. His favorite joke was to watch them 'Fall in,' and to yell out from his bal cony: ' ' Fall iiV' there, roity peelers. Stand at ease ! Let down your brooches and look for fleas !' Reports from Greece affirm that almost the entire crop of currauts have been destroyed through the peronosperos blight^ which has rotted the young grape. Many thousands of tons of currants are ruined. Consequently, prices in the country will advance as high as they did in '58, when the r&tail; price was Is Cd per lb. This is a bad outlook for plum -duffs. * # * Tasmanian Legislature is pushing through a Bill for the suppression of indecent advertisements, which not only deal with their publication in newspapers, handbills, posters, pictures, and inscriptions, but also their trans mission through post-offices. If the coming Act is only drastically applied, there will assuredly be a big exodus of swindling charlatans from Yandemonia. I Apropos anarchist weapons : Presi dent Carnot was stabbed whilst his carriage was moving at a slow pace through the streets of Lyons ; the Empress of Austria by a GJin file; while the murderers of Senor Canova and King Humbert both fired three shots at their victims in rapid succession. It is also remark able that anarchists who attempt assassination are all young men. Chivalry 1 The Boer women in Jagersfontein who assisted the Boer commando in its recent attack on the town, have been re moved to Cape Colony for punishment. Cannot the ladies who send presents to the 'busted ' Barnum-GJioul in order to get a letter from the adored baldy benedict, show some form of practical sympathy with their Spartan-like ; sisters in affliction. j Ireland within the last fifty years has been denuded by landlordism of moro than half her virile aud gifted eons; while the high lands of Scotland have been reduced, chicfly by English nimrods, to a condition of almost primeval savagery. Aud worst of all i6 tlie fate of the hapless English peasant, out of whom the eoul, if not. the* life, has seemingly beeu squeezed altogether. * * # Thoso of onr deluded Jingo workers who roared ' Remember Majuba ! ' were ostensibly oblivious of their own troubles in our own capitalistic war of '91. There wero some queer tilings said and done when they them selves were threatened with the mailed fist of local capitalism, now itching to clasp the'obscene clutches of Chamberlain to receive tlie tinsel reward of Pecksniffi&n; ' loyalty.' ♦ ? ?? * The Mayor of Gratton has suggested the institution of penny subscription lists ' amongst school children to defray the cost of a suitable monument over the-grave of the late statesman Parkes. A more befitting way of perpetuating tlie G.O.M.'fe memory would be for some of the political toadies who grovelled to iliiin during his lifetime to inaugurate a ' quid' subscription for the purpose amongst them selves. Tho incidents in connection -with ,/ tlie Bliooting of Joe Governor are slightly thrill ing as compared with Jimmy's capture. Joa might easily have been taken alive had Mr. Wilkinson jumped on him, but there was the fear tliat the blackfellow was enjoying a slumber with 'one eye open.' You want to be very fly with the blacks at any time. ? * * What with one advantage and another, the late Professor Tliorold Rogers, the noted authority on work ar.d wages, held that tbe agricultural laborer of the 15th century had, in the currency of to-day, the equivalent of £145 per annum ; whereas, according to the report just issued by the Board of Trade, his modern representative is reduccd to about £40 in Eng land and £Q.Q in Ireland ! How we do progress* J Long Lyne is mightily pleased at the 1000 Imperial troops coming out to grace ?? our Commonwealth celebrations. He is not ~ ' sure but what the citizens will have to pay the % expenses ; but that doesn't matter aB long as Sir William, who dearly loves anj*thing Hing li&h;, is satisfied. Would it not be better to give the scrub-cutters decent wages than to provide a pack of Imperial troops with a nice little holiday. Arising out of party disturbances in Portadown (Ireland), there is a novel strike' in several linen-weaving factories there. A depu tation of Protestant workers waited upon the two chief employers, and demanded thedismiss&I; of a number of Catholio workers who supplied the police with the names of 6tone-throwers - amongst them. Tlie bosses refusing to comply, between 400 and 500 men and girls immediately struck work. A religious maniac iu London^ named Frederick Ellen, after keeping his little daughter out of bed until 1 8.ra. to learn a long Bible lesson, nearly belted the soul out of her body because she failed to accomplish the task. He was duly brought before the ' beak' and after hie conduct Jiad been sculliingly criticised, was bound over in reeogui/^uicos of i!20 to be of good behavior for 12 months. A dose of his own . -j medicine would have been a moic appropriate -*j punishment. Judge Hcyaoa's decision in the case^ji of Dr. Ludwik Bernstein's pro-Boer advocacy vyj rrill doubtless afford intense gratification 'to Billy ' Jingoes. Avowed Republicans in the publio ^ service have expressed tvorse 'disloyal' senti meats than those attribuk-d to f-h'« medico, whose Dutch coguomen probably proved more detrimental to his interests than Iub utterances. It's only grovelling Jingoes 'having axes to i grind' who will blast a man's -reputation and prospects in life over such paltry peccadilloes. . Tho humors of pro-gore Jingoism! .4 A burgoo-eating crowd, who had been collected . j by the greedy, grasping landlords and Tories of Scotland to waft and wither Dr. Clark out of p. his seat in the House of Commons, sang ' at ^ liim ' ' Rule Britannia,' and afterwards tha well-known song praising England's most deter- . % mined foe, William Wallace. This was about .- JT as stupidly incongruous ns a lot of evicted - Hibernian 'tinnints' warbling ' Gord Sive Hour . Graslious ' alternately versed with ' Patlirick'a - ? Day.' r ^ Billio Bigchump could do much for ^ democracy if he were sincere, resolute, and' denuded himself of his damnable supercilious^ ^2 ness. Under present conditions his cant upon c the subject is accepted like a big-bug Bible- F; ' puncher's sermon to a purse- proud push of par-. Vj Venus on Christ's teachings. ' Nobody in bo — ciety could evah think for one momink.of ; his or her neighbor practically carrying then ^ out.' This caste of humanity only organise £ their u charitable ' fakes either to advertise'-!* their businesses or their immodest bosoms and ^ backs. : TO A ' REV.' BIGOT (Who thinks newsboys and ' sicli ' should retrain from amusement ou Sundays). 'Mongst all foul beings of fair, smiling earth, A bigot like to thee, sir, seems the foulest; Why look'6t with hate-lit eyes on harmless mir£t% And upon innocent amusement scowlest. Thou stirrcst up such malice, strife, and evil, ^ That surely thine inspirer is the Devil. Christ, Our Dear Lord, in ages long ago, Hurled, with high scorn, against thy tribe ? accursed Moat awful words of warning and of woe. ? And yet, despite God's awesome words, thoc y: durst ? Not less, even within His holy place, ' Kneel, roll thine eyes, and pray with blushlesi ? .face 1 O, Reverend Stiggins, think'st thou these poof '4, boys, , :--f: Newspaper selling till long after dark. Duelling in squalid Slumland, which dcftroye = In their soared souls childhpod's divine sparky *? Take harm because for once in tlieir sad life --S Joy's golden sunbeam shines across the strife? ? ?' ?'? The Sabbath Day — it was not meant to bo * * A day of solemn faces and of sadness, But as a time when all, from toil set free, Might pass the house in sinless wirlh and ' gladness; - And by tlieir happiness give God more praise ' ? ?' ? ? Than all the prayers (V) each bigot black oafc- V^ brays. ' The boys should be at kirl^' you gronn nloudj^ij Well, as the saying hath it,,' Wc should emile.n c'-j| To imagine them in rags amongst the crowd ? Of worshippers within your sacred pllo- ? .Why, bless mv soul ! your well-clad conri-cration j| Would think to sit near them a degradation*,*- : '-^§1 Now, why the deuce, hard- hearted Pharisee- ''fgjt Don't you, aud brother bigots, *st«^d of'^§ ski ting, Go forth to light against the mieory Which in these poor lads' lives is real andj|| biting? . ,',3 Gothen,asdid*st thy Master, 'mongst tfiolowlyjisi Not keep thy ministry for rich folks wliollv. ' 