ANGLO-COLONIAL NOTES. [From oar Special Correspondent.] inVTYTO A..»vi)v-r ?« ACSI&AUA; AM) FREE TBADK. Tn a letter from Melbourne, published in the 'Daily Express' Mr. sjtunocd l»an tome induiire* ia a. somewhat vatrue toreco«t regarding tee economical policy ot the uom niemveuiia. Aitcr durelung upon, the bis tor}' of protection ia Ausuulu and noting the curious anomaly that in that part ot tnc woild arc to be touud ra.liial, prutecDonist, and corMervjave ineu\uL-r-, the writer i.mnU out that the imwpcricy of New tkiuui Wales under tree trauc h-ts been a striking object les-eu to Iter ueighDours. Hj then i«-occei.H:— ~l'he greautt living zUtcsaun 01 the mother colony, .Mr. li. ll. llcid, ia the strongist advocate of the poiiey ii» Australia. Queenitind, South Australia, and Txsuuuia nave all tree trade l*raniers at the present day, and Sir .loan Forrest, i-; Western Aussraisi. altoouffh one can never count on tan ad a stable politician, cannot be cLuied u a rinccre protectionist. Then: remains, then the I'remter* of -iew fckmth Waits and Victoria, and both ot' the*: must be classed as moderate protec twnits.' Speaking of a preieivcttai tariff w.v.irds Great JJntun, Air. Kansxne as sets tlnu, except in Wcsiern Auifiraba, he uis tound no single politician in any ot i lie colonas opj.oeea u- that patiey. fcven .\ir. David Sytae, wb- is spoken ot a^ the uiauiitay or protection, » not opposed to such a tariff ; oltnoogh ncuot opinion that the mother country should give reciprocal cunceaHon*— such, for usance, as tue ad rai&doa; oi Australian, wines at a lower duty than thitt imposed upon the ioragn pro duct. Air. K-in-An»» concludes thus:— 'It is *vou pobsUe Uut in tbe rirst x'edtirul IJovcrnment inere will be a revenue tans majority; that u to say, a majority, ot thaas who wtiuld tax only norcotaas. anmnlantt, ^^ir, and pon£iDly one or two other articles. Use great cause for eoogntoiation is that Mr. burton, toe proapecuve teUe rsl l'rtnuer, is ociy a very iuKewana pro iicticimL In any caw, it limit Britain cliuoau* to interest heEjdf meelliseaUy in tLe matter now, she should have no dm ciuty in securing preferential rates. This it a matter ot «ch vital importance that it is to be hoped our Colonial Office will take the aeoettoiry *un» to nuure .taw advan tage.' DOES BRTTASMA NOW BLXE THE WAYEST . The Navy League, true to its traditions, is adopting an atormut tone regarding tne eontiiuon of toe United Kingdom as a navm Imwct. In a letter to the press Mr. U. Seymour Trower, chairman of the executive cutamittec, preaches a distinctly doleful ser iii-»n upon tuis test. He arrives at the con ciuson that 'alter holding the command of tbe aed unchallenged for the better part of a. century. Britain haa lost it with the rile&t; acquiescence «' her mien.' Ihc -writer notes that 'the naval weakness of Britain is notoriously the subject of earnest protest by some ot our most efficient ad w'-r^l- ailoau CSermm eniciency has al ieady secured a formidable and homogene ous dctt. Already Germany holds the At. hntic record for speed. Her system of mail subsidies has secured a large portion ot Asiatic and Australian trade. Her rate ?of increase in shipbuilding far the hot time in history, baa exceeded thzt ot (Iroit Britain. Germany has already i^rtxehed out her hands for the tndens. Neither France nor Kussia is impatient to iiist': u.-- to recover the suprcnucy whkh. we have listlessly allowed to slip from our iiuajj.' Unfortunater/, there is a good deal of joatmcation from Mr. Temper's jere niiod, ANXEXATJO.N' OP COOK SiAMB. The intimation that the New Zealand (jovurnment had annexed the Cook group hns given great natufaction in Imperkuisac circles, lie *'llonung Post,' the most Tory of all the tory organs, recalls, in its In- linj- columns the .. «t inintniwi i in Vhkh^ew Zealand itself was added to the imperial porte&nooc;'.and the hat that ':-ir George Grey, whose insight into Aus tralasian affairs has never been surpassed or even equalled,' pointed out the. aesuubJe nebs of inttlnding as many as possible of the 1'otynesiea islands within the sphere of in fluence of the colony.' Sympathetic allu sion is made to the determinntion of Mr. ScJdon to atfiliate the Fijis to the depen dency of the Crown over which, he holds Mvay. A MDiT FOR CANADA. Curiously enooch, although three Austra lian colonies have obtaintd authority .' to com gold, Canada cannot boast of even one mint. Now, however, that the prcciouti metal is being found in quantity at thi Klondyke fields and various paru of Bri tish Columbia, a eerious agitation bos set in for tbe establishment ot such an in»tt tutiun in Can.ida.and the necessary autho Tity will be Riven. Attention is being called in the iMVkpapcn to the enormous output of the Sydney and Melbourne mints,- and to the fact that only a small proportion ot the «oiiu struck axe retained in the colonies. Still, it is tacitly admitted that no damage -has accrued to the mother country, and that the incorporation of the Transvaal in tbe dominions of the Ween, and the conse quent -cessation there of foreign mintm^ imut eventuate in tbe early establishuKnt 01 a mint under the control of the local go vernment. STOUT AM) THE COMMONWEALTH. ft vri* not to be expected, writes a Loily Chronicle'' paragraphut, tuat the Au-traliau sportsman would allow the fede ral inauguraxiou io pass without recogni tion. The Mdbourue Cup- is now to be icli^ted by the Federal Cup, carrying an attonjpjjiyins prize of £10,1)00. Tne Mel bourne Cup has been the special glory of thi Victorians, and as the new ioea comes irom Sydney the race for the federal prize viU doubtless be run on the Kandwick ejune. It wiD be a good chance for tbe Ouvemor-Oenend — who, it is rumoured, proposes ' maintaining a racing stable — to add something to hid official honorarium, and to reduce his expenses in Sydney. There is no love lost between Meloou.ns and Sydney, and the Federal Cup will be a bitter one lor tlie jealous Yaxn-SHlers, but perhaps they may contrive to score in wime other way. The possibilitiei of the federal idea are by no means exhausted. THE KAilE OF THE FEDERAL CAPITAL. The writer quoted above says something on another subject of special interest to Australians:— 'It seems likely that Auatra lu v.i|l have more trouble over finding a .-?iitibie name for its new fedenl capital x'.:.m in selecting the capital iUelf. Should J-mLii.-i be chosen for tbe site, the dffi tuh.v luiput be overcome by letting thu ai-;iro{Tiutc aboriginal name stand, as a .-??rt uf link with the past. The Austra h.-.ai have unfortunately always shown t i!i=l-oaition to wipe out the native names tc nuke room for those of their Govern n and .Ministers; but if Bombala. is to be smi l-y thf board what will be substituted fci it? Victoria, Albert, May, York, Hope ;-,;m arc already in use in Australia, fc z m.i the town after the first Federal Pre i;:i.T would hardly do* for -Barton. Lyni luroer, or Forrest would scarcely be ade ?juati;.'' II BILEE .VXD COMMONWEALTH POETRY. -ir William Lyne*s offer of £500 for th; !ir-: n.ie in commemoration of the inaugura :. mi nf the new Commonwealth in Austrt 'ia reminds a London evening daily that this high argument was nobly sung by Mi. Theodore WatU-Dunton several years ago in his 'Jubilee Greeting to the Men of Greater Britain,', and also in a magnificent sonnet, which appeared still earlier in the 'Athenaeum':— Ton albatross, wboK stirltts pinions folltw Tbe «hip ibroucb nnile ana frown of wiad and weather. Outuib without the labour ot a. feather. Each frigate' bird and gull and ocean swaUow. Yes, while tbe many billows wake and wallow, Now yellow as gold, now purple as flowering be* men Now gbatiBjc all tbe hues of morn together. In play rides be o'er steaming crest aad hollow! Awtralia, tbon whose fticbt (hall dill adiance On wins* that never beat, y« never «uy, Tnat win (like thine own bird's) tbe race iu play— Detnt not tbon. wbaterrr wind* ot chance Hay fret tbf dungine waves of TUae's expasw lbe ship that ltd uee on Urjr morning wajrl DEATH OF THE UACROCLEKMYS TEWUNCEI. Uundreds of South Australians have visit ed the Zoo in Regents Park, and probably not one of them has missed tne opportunu/ of spending a few minutes before the tank in tne reptile bouse, wherein that marvel lous.y immobile monstrosity, the Florida Dnapper, known to .the learned as Macroc leamys temmincki. passed iu passionless existence. WeU, this extraorduuur crea ture, after standing mostly in one spo: without moving a muicle or a fragment of its rugged envelope for seventeen year*, has at last given up the ghost; and great will be the ^mentations ot the habitues of the gardens over its death. A like fate has befallen tbe sloth, secured for the in irtirotion with gieat trouble and at no small con. As a set-on* to these loroei the mocassin snake, a great rarity from America, has given birth to a family of eeven, all of whom and the mother are doing weu. MISCELLASEOOS. Austrafia, plays a part, if only a' subordi nate one, in Mr. Eden PbiUpott^s new and powerful ooveJ. 'Son* of the Mornin-j;' tor Choatopber Yoeknda— one. of the two men whom the heroine. Honor Bndicott. loves with equal ardour, on leaving her after her too' candid acknowledgment that she is as fond of his rival as she is of him— sails for tbe sunny south. On tbe way he vanishes,- and is -reported to . be drowned, but by and by he reappears, and makes things very unpleasant for tht, younz lady and the 'other fellow,*' whom she has meanwhile married. Thw extract from tbe book indicates the singular psychological condition of Jl» Endicott while being puaiionatcly wooed by her cantor*. It is ?to the 'other fdww,' Myles Stapleton, that she thus unburdens her mind, in answer to his objection* to her loving two men:— Then think of me no more, for I do— if I love at all.' I» not the moon con stant to the earth and son? A woman can love, two men. as easily as a man can love two women. You couldn't, I know, but you are not everybody. Most men can. Christianity has made a nob)* exalted thing of love, and I was a barbamn by in stinct. Just an occidental primitive hea then, who' has cropped up in a respectable family. ? You can t alter my particular, cranky nature by pruning. On. dear Myles, if 1 could marry you both! You for the' working wcdsi and Christo for Sunday*] and boHdnys!' ! The following item, extracted from the 'Cigarette World,' will doubtless be news to many of your readers:— ''Juvenile smoking seems rather approved of than: otherwise, in Australia. Incredible though ; it may appear, they have already dweusoed the^driaabifcty of attaching Mucking rooms to the schoobf' 'Coloma,' in a letter to tbe newspapers, insisU that the names Mcaday. Symead, or Admesy, each of whkh b« been suggested as suitable for federated Australia, would if adopted be received with worldwide de rision; Idond' is, she urges, 'brief, hand some and regal sounding, and in view of its meamns;. 'little- bon, peculiarly appro priate for England's, big daughter- ia the south. In the last Quarterly 'Navy List' ap pears the announcement that the officers of the Protector have received temporary com missions in 4he Royal Navy, under' an Order in Council dated Aaroat, 1900. Capt: Cresurell will take a Koyal Nary connnan der's tank. 